VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 179.
HART STANDS BY HIS SHIP
A Confirmation of the
Story Received From
Sacramento.
THE MYSTERY AGAIN SEEN
AT THE CAPITAL
It Makes Its Appearance in the
Company of the Decep
tively Brilliant Venus.
JOKERS MAKE GENEROUS PUR
CHASES OF FIRE BALLOONS.
More New and Interesting Particulars Regarding
the Local Invention Given by the Ex-
Attorney-General.
Either the reputed airship is one of the most gigantic hoaxes of the age, or it is
one of the most wonderful advances made in mechanical science, and is the solution of
the preat problem of aerial locomotion which has enlisted the inventive genius of
many centuries.
Whichever it ultimately proves to be, the subject is to-day the all-engrossing topic.
Greetings are tuned to this key; heated arguments are evolved out of it; wagers are
laid, and even physical strife has been engendered over the question whether or not
there realiy exists a successful aerial traveler.
Though there were many new and interesting developments yesterday, nothing
has yet been brought to light that definitely and conclusively solves the mystery, and
speculation continues as absorbing as for the past week or more.
Ex-Attorney-General Hart in an interview fully confirmed his interview of the
day before and added much interesting information to the first statement he made.
Among other things he substantiated thd first reports concerning the airship wbicn
came from Sacramento by affirming on the authority of the inventor that the airship
was actually over Sacramento when the people there claimed to have seen it.
Sacramento, according to reliable witnesses, was again visited by the aerial
vision last night, which put Venus into the shade by the more brilliant glow of its
lights. •
Considerable sport was enjoyed by practical jokers last night in dispatching fire
balloons skyward, but they had no more the appearance of the alleged lights of the
aerial mystery than the dull glare of a candle resembles that of an incandescent light.
Venus again beguiled people at som3 points, but her deceptive charms have^vi
dently been shorn of much of their power by the publication of the story of how
people had Leen mistaking her for her earthly and more interesting rival.
HART CONFIRMS THE STORY
FROM SACRAMENTO.
General Hart was as reticent yesteraay as on the day previous regarding the iden
tity of the reputed airship's inventor or his whereabouts, but was more definite in his
statements as to the identits* of the flying machire, whose secrets are now reposing in
his breast. His words were the first uttered by any reliable person positively con
.necting the invention in his charge with the peregrinating lights seen in the heavens
at various places during the past week.
"As I stated before," said tne ex-Attorney-General, "I have not myself seen the
machine in action or at rest, and I cannot at this time reveal the names of the persons
connected with its invention and construction for the reasons already stated. You
know the idea now is not to get it patented, but to use it for war purposes.
"I do Know, however, that it made a flight last night and was seen at East Oak
land by a lady, Mrs. Taylor, the wife of W. J. Taylor, who is a bookkeeper and who
lives in East Oakland. Siie saw not only the lights, but an outline of the ship. It
was also seen by others in the same locality. Ido not know what the movements of
the machine are to be at any particular time, but I was told by my client that 1 would
not see him again for some days, as he intended to make experimental trips with his
nvention right along for some time."
"People are inclined to be skeptical, general," remarked the reporter, "of the
existence of the machine and expect some statement from you definitely connecting
the lights alleged to have been seen traveling the air with the invention no.v in
your charge."
"So lar as the public is concerned," smilingly replied the attorney, "we do not
care what they think of the matter. In lact, we would rather they believed it a thing
of fancy. We are not asking the public for anything and do not propose to do so, and
therefore don t propose to take them into our confidence."
"But your reputation is more or less at stake in view of the statements published
in the newspapers and for which you have become sponsor."
"Well, all I can say on that score is that the interview with me as published in
The Call is absolutely correct in every particular, and I will add this on the authority
of a statement made to be by the inventor: He told me he actually went over Sacra
mento at the time the people there ciaimcd to have seen the airship. The inventor
has now practically decided to follow my advice to maintain as much secrecy as pos
sibie, and consequently I don't want to go into particulars about it "
"Where wai it put together? Was it not in the vicinity of Oroville?"
"That is a question I do not care to answer."
'You have stated that you are satisfied the invention is a success?"
"Yes. I have implicit confidence in it and that it is a success, because it is very
like the one I saw in 2Te«r Jersty, and which I witnessed make a flight of fifteen or
twenty roils."
"Did Dr. E. H. Beniainm assist in the construction of the macbine?"
•I don't know Dr. Benjeniin, and don't know whether he did or not "
. "From what do you derive your confidence in the airship; irom having seen it in
actual operation, from a view of it at rest or simply from having seen the plans?"
"I have seen the plans. I have no doubt that when the machine is completed it
wiu be a success. *
"What do you mean by being completed?"
"When it is completed for the purpose for which it is now intended to utilize it
for war purposss. It would drown everybody in it if it were to fall over a body of
water as it is now built." J
"What are the other weak points that the inventor is trvitie to perfect by thp*«
trial flights?" * * Cl Dy lftese
"From what I understand it has to be able to carry power enough to maintain
itself bl the air for a certain number of consecutive hours, say about six. It can now
maintain itself for six hours, but not against the wind. To sail against the wind or
at angles to it more power is required than to go with it. Then itlands tou quickly
There is no provision for maintaining it in the air when the power gives out."
"Is it not possible that people frequently take the planets, such as Venus Mars
and Jupiter, which now appear very clearly in the sky. for the airship?"
"In all probability. Ttie airship sometimes displays one light and sometimes
three. These lights are under control and can be used as desired by the person man
aging the airship. I have no doubt that you will have ample and unmistakable evi
dence of tie existence of the invention in a few day?. The machine will be made
plain to the public, though my advice is to keep the details of its construction secret."
How this evidence was to be presented the general did^not say, but allowed it to
be understood that the machine would be brought so close to the earth's surface that
i.ts shape would be plainly distinguishable, as well as the lights that are now seen.
Picking up some telegram*, General Hart called attention to the widespread nnd
deep interest the reports of the flights of the aerial wonder have created. "Here are
telegrams from two New York papers," he said, "asking me to confirm the reports
telegraphed East about the invention. One of them asks for 500 words, but all I ehall
say in answer is that I believe the airship will be a success and that the inventor in
sists on secrecy, and has nothing more to say at present."
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
ALL SACRAMENTO AGAPE.
Thousands Conf dent the Airship
Mystery Made Another Visit.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Nov. 25.— Again
the mysterious serial visitant made its
appearance over this city this evenine,
and within a few brief moments the entire
city was in an uproar of excitement.
The floating searchlight was plainly
visible to all the gazing thousands, and
it so timed its arrival as to appear at the
same time that Venn*, the brilliant even
ing star, was illuminating the heaven?.
The onlookers found that a marked differ
ence existed between Venus and her
strange aerial competitor. This difference
consisted not only in the marked color of
the lights, but also in the size of the two
iigats. Large and brilliant as is Venus,
queen of the heavens, the light shown by
the mysterious aerial visitant proved to
be fully three times as large.
When the searchlight of the winged
visitor first appeared it was seen moving
rapidly from the northeast and heading
in a southwesterly direction. As it neared
the southern boundary of the city it
turned directly toward the west and after
passing the city went south, being dis
tinctly visible for upward of twenty min
utes. It moved with far more rapidity
than it had been seen to do in its two
former visits, and this would be accounted
for in case it be a veritable airship by the
fact of the calmness of the atmosphere,
there being not a breath of wind moving
at the time of its first appearance.
Later in the evening it again ap
proached the city from the west, having
evidently made a circle, and passed away
to the north and east, tnus completing
the circuit of the city and allowing nearly
all the residents a perfect view of the
mysterious visitant. There were many,
however, who failed to leave their houses
in time to catch a glimpse of the swiftly
moving light and who, when they did
reach the open and gazed up into the
ethereal vault, saw nothing but Venus;
but the vast majority raw both — Venus
and the moving searchlight.
Among ti.e numerous groups gazing
skyward this evening was one composed
mainly of State officials and prominent
lawyers of the city, and their expressions
of amazement and, in cases, intense
chagrin were very plainly expressed,
often in vigorous though perhaps nut
eloquent or refined Saxon.
Hon. E. D. McCabe, secretary to Gov
ernor Budd, was one of this group, and as
it was the first time he had witnessed the
mysterious light he was correspondingly
UNCLE SAM — If you will excuse me, gentlemen, I will help Major McKinley first*
EX-ATTORNEY-GENERAL W. H. H. HART.
astonished. During the past week he has
been inclined to laugh at the theory that
aerial navigation had been accomplished,
and in speaking of the subject after the
disappearance of the visitant he said:
"I am simply astonished, and will not
attempt to give any explanation cf this
mystery. The light is certainly produced
by electricity or magnesia, and can by no
possibility be a star or a meteor. Again,
there were seconds when it flickered and
disappeared entirely from view, exactly as
I have time after time observed ordinary
arc lights to do when the current was in
terrupted.
"In my judgment it certainly resembled
an extra large arc light, and it moved so
rapidly that I was obliged to repeatedly
step back several f«ot in order to keep it
in view over the intercepting buildings.
I am not prepared to say it is an airship,
although it certainly looked as though
attached to a b.-dy of some kind. I can
only say that I am thoroughly convinced
that it :s a mystery and in my judgment
neither a star nor a fake."
District Attorney Frank D. Ryan viewed
the visitor for the first time. After ex
pressing his astonishment he muttered:
"And thero will be strange sights seen in
the heavens. Wars and rumors of wars.
I shall certainly attend church to-morrow,
for this may be the advent of the millen
nium." Then laughing he said :
"That thing is too deep for me. I don't
understand it. It mipht be that aerial
travel has been accomplished. It seems as
strange and improbable as were the inven
tions of the telephone, phonograph and
electric power as applied to streetcars."
George A. McCalvy, Deputy Secretary
of State, said: "I confess I am simply
amazed, for ever since the first appear
ance of the reputed airship 1 have been a
most pronounced skeptic. Attorney Col
lins of San Francisco is aft intimate friend
of mine, and I must confess tbat I have
experienced considerable amusement by
interviewing him by 'phone since
bis reported connection with the
air vessel. In the language of the
day, 'I have done many tilings to Attor
ney Collins,' but you may put me on
record as eaying that I am now fully con
vinced that there is more truth than
poetry in tne old adage 'that he laughs
best who laughs last.' This light is cer
tainly no fnke ana I am almost tempted
to believe that the problem of aerial travel
is solved."
J. A. Donlon, Assessor of Ventura
County, was one of the onlookers. It re
quired considerable persuasion to inauce
him to cross the street to catch a glimpse
of the mysterious visitant, but the look of
incredulity quickly left his facj and he
said: "Tnis simply passes my under
standine. That is certainly no star, and
I won't attempt to offer any explanation."
Professor Dodge of Gait, who is in at
tendance on the Teachers' Institute, now
in session, saw tne light and declared that
he could distinguish the outlines of a dark
body connected with it, but so indistinctly
as to be unable io give any idea of its
shape.
Judge W. A. Henry was also an inter
ested spectator, and also proclaims it not
a fake, but a reality.
Charles T. Jones, the attorney, was a
spectator, but firmly declined to give any
opinion as to what the light was, except
to say that he thought it was neither a
stAr, a meteor nor a fake.
W. R, Stone of the Secretary of State's
office was also deeply interested in the
moving mystery. He said:
"It looks like an arc light and moves as
| though attached to some kind of a vessel,
! and is certainly neither a lantarn attached
| to a kite nor any other kind of a fake that
I can imagine. I must confess that I am
stumped to find an explanation of the
mystery other than that it may be an air
| vessel.''
Such were the expressions of but a few
of some of the leading men of note in this
city, and thero were hundreds who stood
in close proximity to these few and who
uttered similar sentiments.
Lieutenant Fred Martin, commander of
the Signal Corps, who was an onlooker,
said:
"It simply passes all explanation, and I
am fully convinced this is no fake. This
afternoon two gentlemen, Messrs. Haines
and Fleehart, came into my office about
4 o'clock and told me that they had just
scon the airship moving over the city in
a northeasterly direction. They described
it as a dark, misty object, traveling
at an enormous height, yet visible acainst
the ciear blue of the ether. I did not pay
very much attention to their story at the
time, as I was inclined to think they might
have seen a cloud, but they were evidently
much in earnest in their deliberations and
said that no clouds were visible and that
the dark object moved with jjreat rapid
ity. Now that I have seen this mysteri
ons light coming from the «ame direction
iii which they saw it going, I am rather
inclined to believe that they have been
eye-witnesses of some mysterious air ves
sel."
DR. BENJAMIN DISAPPEARS
The Friend of the Inventor Changes
His Place of Residence.
Dr. E. H. Benjamin, formerly of 633 Ellis
street, who is reputed to have considerable
knowledge of the airship, has apparently
aisappeared, and as mysteriously as the
'_'ht that so many thousands have seen
the heavens.
For two years past Dr. Benjamin had
rented the front room of this lodging
house from E. H. Keiser, but yesterday
the furniture, cariets and household fix
tures were disposed of under the auc
tioneer's hammer. Where Air. Keiser and
his tenants have gone wa3 not stated, nor
was there a reason given except one given
in the spirit of fun by a pretty brunette,
who said:
"We have had to move for our self-pro
tection. You see, since that airship story
has been afloat, the representatives of the
press have been calling here at all times of
the day and night to see and interview
Dr. Benjamin. Why, some of them have
camped upon the front steps until 4
o'clock in the morning, and if they had
not been personally known to the police
no doubt the officers would have sus
pected that there was trouble in the
hous". Our house has become an object
of curiosity to every one who passes, and
dozens have stopped and looted up to the
windows as though they expected to see
the windows open and an airship or two
fly ont, and all because tne name of Dr.
Benjamin has been connected with the
airship story."
"Where is Dr. Benjamin to-day?" was
asked of the lady, but before she could
answer the glib- tongued auctioneer
chipped in and said: "He has gone to get
his airship ana take this lady to Europe,
where he will marry her."
After the parties had joked to their cwn
apparent satisfaction they gave this in
formation. Dr. Benjamin left the house
early in the morning — about 8 o'clock as
near as they could judge. He said that
he would be back at noon, but he failed to
return.
Before leaving he packed up all his ef
fects in trunks, which the auctioneer and
his assistar.es moved into a back room
there to wait until the owner should re
turn. Those who moved his effects found
in his room some refuse copper which fur
nished food for comment for a long time.
Thesa consisted of a lot of copper
cups about the size of ferules for small
canes. As these to some extent resem
bled percussion caps, such as are used on
the end of blasting fuse, it was suggested
that the little cups were a part of the ma
terial to be used, as Attorney Hart sug
gested, for the destruction of Havana.
The romance of these little pieces of
brass was shattered, however, when it was
learned that Dr. Benjamin has been ex
perimenting upon continuous bridge
work for teeth and these little cups wore
the crowns for rows of artificial grinders.
Many of these cups were taken away by
the anctioneer's assistants for souvenirs,
but upon being told that they were only
unfinished store teeth the men tossed
tueir copper cups into the street iv dis
»gust
Dr. Benjamin did not return during the
afternoon or evening and although in the
evening a dim ii^ht was to be seen in one
of the rooms no response was made to a
call at the door. In truth the door bell
was fastened on the inside. Thus Dr.
Benjamin aisappeared. Whether his
effects have been removed or not is a mat
ter of conjecture.
In connection with the movements of
Dr. Benjamin there is one incident that
apparently connects him with the in
ventor of the airship. It will be remem
bered that several people who claim to
know much about the new ship of the
skies have stated that it was built near
Oroville and that its first flight was taken
therefrom on the night that the lights
were seen in Sacramento. Also that the
inventor and owner is or was a wealthy
resident of Oroville. The latter statement
was made by Attorney Collins at the time
when ex- Attorney-General Hart said that
he talked too much. On that occasion Mr.
Collins stated that the inventor was
brought to him by a client. In the same
interview he acknowledged that Dr. Ben
jamin waa his client. Subsequently he
said that Dr. Benjamin has wealthy rela
tives in or near Oroville.
It was learned last evening that a few
days before the appearance of the air
ship's lights over the Sacramento Valley
Dr. Benjamin went to Oroville to see his
relations.
His visit at that particular time has
given rise to some speculation in the
mind of Dr. Joseph D. Hodgen, secretary
of the State Board of Dental Examiners,
of 1005 Sutter street. Last evening Dr.
Hodgen said:
"I have known Dr. Benjamin for some
time. He comes from Maine, I believe.
He is not a reiruiar practicing dentist, but
he gives much of his time to experiments
in dental work. Of late he has been at
work upon continuous plate bridge work
in artificial teeth, an idea he got from a
dentist irom Oregon.
"Abouc two week? ago I met him with
his gripsack in his hand on the street,
and he told me that he was going to Oro
viile or Auburn for a week. I am sure,
come to think t of it, that it was Oroville
and not Auburn. He said that he was
going to see his aunt. I have not seen
him since. The aay I saw him was either
on the 17tl> or the 12th inst. boon after
that I saw the first accounts of the ail
ship oTer the Sacramento Valley."
NEW CONVERTS.
Dr. Paulln No Longer a Skeptic on
the Airship Proposition.
That each day is witnessing the conver
sion of many skeptics to tne belief that
the airship is a verity is shown by the
willingness of these doubting individuals
to become witnesses to their new faith.
Last night Dr. Paulin of 1757 Nineteenth
street, East Oakland, took the trouble to
telephone his interesting experience to
The Call. He said :
"I never had any faith in the airship
until to-night. About 8 o'clock Judge
Horsburgh, a neighbor, called to us and
told us we could see the airship. We
The New Champagne Vintage.
A remarkable vintage, eliciting universal
admiration, now being shipped to this coun
try, hG. H. Mumm'a Extra Dry. Try it. •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
looked out ana saw above us what ap
peared to be a group of four or five
lights and above them was outlined some
thing whicn had the form of a whale. It
was moving toward the City. Then it
changed its course toward Sausalito, and
swerved again toward the City and soon
went out of sight."
A night watchman at North Berkeley
( says that he saw the light Tuesday night
j distinctly, and watched it while it trav
j eled from San Pablo ana crossed over un
| til it was back of the high hills of Berke
| ley. This may give some indefinite sort
j of a clew concerning the place where the
. alleged airship may be, in hiding during
; the day, bo this man thought.
A noticeable fact connected with the
I mystery of the alleged airship is that the
light which is observed is seen to be trav
eling against the wind as ofton as with it.
This would not be the case if the light
were carried by a balloon or kite, as a
matter of course.
PRACTICAL JOKERS.
Lighted Balloons Sent Up in Vari-
ous Parts of the City.
Toy balloons were sent soaring upward
with hot air for a motor from several
places along Market street last night. The
wind was brisk, and when once the bal
loons were above the roofs they traveled
along steadily and naturally attracted
some attention.
Soon, however, the fuel which gave them
motion consumed the balloon. There was
no one who was stupid enough to believe
for a moment that any such proposition as
that had been sufficient at any time to de
ceive the many who have ascribed to the
mysterious airship the posession of a large
electric light. Those who sent up the fire
balloons on Market street last night soon
tired, observing that little interest was
taken in them.
Several persons with apparently an idea
i of having a little fun at the expense of the
1 public went to the top of Nob Hill last
evening about 9:30 o'clock and sent up a
hot-air balloon with a Japanese lantern
; attached to the bottom.
Instead of mounting rapidly to a great
height the thing wabbled around and
floated off en the wind over Kearny street
toward the bay. For half a mile it scarcely
rose 300 feet, and its construction and
shape were plainly seen. The people on
Kearny street jeered at the fake article
floated over them, and several suggested
that Mr. McEvoy of the American De
tective Agency had changed his place of
operation from Inspiration Point, near
Piedmont, to Nob Hill, San Francisco.
A local fireworks company reported
to-day that they had been doing a big
balloon business within the last few days..
In fact they have sold more of this kind
of fireworks within a week than they have
since ihe Fourth of July. Purchases have
been made by people from Alameda, Hay
wards, Fruitvale, Oakland, Berkeley and
San Francisco.
AGAINST FAKERS.
A Vigilance Committee Formed in
the Mission District.
Public interest in the airship is growing
every day and with witless practical jokers
people have no patience.
The prevalence of small hot-air balloons,
| carrying dingy lights across the darkened
I heavens, imposing on the credulity of per-
I sons looking for an aerial wanderer, has
j led to the forming of a vigilance commit
j tee. The committee is at present
composed of but four members— James
Peoples, Ed Perley, Gus Ske!!y and
N. L. Peoples, and is known as the Mis
sion Dolores Vigilance Committee. Al
though the organization has but few mem
bers each member is capable of making it
thoroughly interesting forany man caught
i in the act of releasing a miniature gas
j bag. The most enthusiastic member ia
James Peoples, the captain, who measures
j about six feet four inches and is built in
I proportion. He is looking for and is
anxious to meet a practical joker with a
balloon under his arm. Then the trouble
would commence.
"We take an occasional trip to Twin
j Peaks in search of balloon men," said Mr.
Peoples, last evening, "but as yet we have
not captured one.
'If we do find one all four of us (we
measure all together something like
twenty-four feet six inches) will jump ail2
over him for his idiotic acts, and it is safe
to say that he will reform."
ATTRACTIVE VENUS.
Her Charms Stm Beguiling Many
of the Uninitiated.
AUBURN, Cal., Nov. 25.— People here
have been inclined to discredit the exist
ence of the aerial traveler of the heavens,
but last night found several reliable citi
zens who enn swear that they saw the
light in the sky.
John T. Walsh, hospital steward, no
ticed a lig'u in the western sky just about
over Sacramento, forty miles distant. He
called his wife and she and several of the
hospital patients vouchsafe tie story as
true. Their description is that it was a
round li^ht of yellowish hue, nearly as
large as the sun. It dipped and curved for
a while and then disappeared. Dave
Chamberlain noticed a light In the heav
ens when going to supper shortly after 6
o'clock, and when he reached home called
his father's and mother's attention to it.
Deputy Recorder Henry Hart is anotner
who saw it.
FRESNO, Cal., Nov. 24.— The airship
passed over Fresno at 6 o'clock this even
ing. Only the light could be seen. Some
say it was Venus setting. The light passed
over the city in a northwesterly direction.
INQUISITIVE RIVALS.
Searchlights Seeking for the War-
ship of the Air.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 25.— The search
lights on the monitors Monadnock and
Monterey are Hashing throughout the
heavens this eveniug. in hopes of discov
ering the whereabouts of the great air
ship. Up to 8 o'clock no discoveries have
been mads and it is expected by the offi
cers at tne yard that some other course
will be pursued by the air voyagers for
fear that big Betsy and Alice on the Mon
terey will be trained on and fired at the
warship of the air.
A BALLOONING FATALITY.
Thrilling Story ag Related by a Sur
vivor.
The Vossische Zeit-ung publishes an
account of the wreck of the balloon Jupiter
from the mouth of M. Boiteux, one
of the aeronauts, who says: "When
we had risen 500 yards or more
we found ourselves in such thick
clouds that we could distinguish nothing.
Suddenly the Jupiter lay off on one side
and the car leaped terribly. At the same
time we were lashed by large hailstones
ana heavy run. We we're -driven forward
with bewildering speed. In our fright we
threw out everything that our bauds came
across.
The balloon sprang upward like an ar
row ami soon passpd through the clouds.
We were under a clear sky, in the light of
the setting sun. Gradually it grew colder
and colder, and our wet clothes were
frozen stiff. Crepillon fell faintine to the
bottom of the boat, and we others were
not much better off. We were all bleed
ing, for the hail had bounded us. As I
looked out I saw a large black cloud mov
ine from southwest to northeust. But we
still rose. Then I saw nothing more. The
blood streamed from my nose and ears.
My hands were frozen hard as a ooard.
In a few minutes we had risen to a height
of nearly 5000 yard?. Then we began to
sink, at tirst slowly, then rapidly. All at
once we were again in complete darkness.
We weie in the midst of thunder
clouds. Again, amid hail and ram, the
wind drove the Jupiter on at a speed of
ninety miles an hour. We were blinded
by the hail, and could scarcely breathe.
But I did not lose hope of reaching the
earth safely. The hail and rain, now
began to be mixed with leaves and par
ticles of earth. The car was violently
shaken, and we fell against each other
and had to hold on to the ropes.
Then we began to drag along the ground.
The balioon suddenly rose again. I let
my rope go and was dashed to ihe ground.
Legrantt believed that I had voluntarily
jumpert out. He jumped after me and fell
near me with a broken leg. Thus lightened
of weight the balloon rose more Rapidly.
Rushing through the tree tops it went on
about six miles in the direction of Gretz.
As it hung on the top of a tree Foucard
tried to land, caught a rope, but was
thrown violently to the cart.i. A woman
saw tiie balloon ranging in the trees and
sent the people at her inn to our assist
ance.
Foucard was found covered with mud
and ice, his face all torn. He still
breathed. When his head was raised with
the intention of giving him stimulants he
was seized with a convulsion and soon ex
pired. As he was carried away a weak
voice was heard calling from the car for
help. Two ladders were brought and tied
together and a gendarme climbed up to
assist Crepillon. It took an hour to get
him down. On reaching the ground he
fainted away. He was cold as ice and
only regained hs senses after continued
friction.— Westminster Gazette.
AN HISTORIC CANNON.
It Fired the Last Shot In the Last Bat-
tle of the Rebellion.
The cannon which tired the iast shot in
the last battle of the late war is a cun
worth knowing something about. Hence,
the sale of the eight-inch Columbian,
"Lady Slocomb," which is advertised in
the Mobile Register to take place there on
the 15th, arouses the interest of old sol
diers and old soldiers' son-;, for the reason
that it is Reneraliy supposed to be the gun
which fired the last shots of the war, or
that tired so many deadly volleys in the
last battle that took place during the Civil
War.
This last engagement, said an old sol
dier yesterday, took place at Spanish
Fort. This engagement, of course, was
not a regular tmtle and is not, perhaps,
recorded in history as such, but it was,
nevertheless, a conflict fierce, and fire
flew that day as never before. General
Forrest had sent to Spanish Fort during
the last days of the war a sufficient force
of men to guard the place, and among
the number was the Fifth Battalion of
the Washington Artillery, Captain Cuth
bert Slocomb in command. The Lady
Slocomb was brought there, and there
fired Us last shots when Wilson's raiders
stormed the place and took it. There the
Lady Slocomb, for a few hours before the
old fort was surrendered, belched forth
fire and scattered death like an intelligent
being, but to no avail, as the enemy num
bered several times as much as the garri
son.
After the surrender of the fort some of
the members of Captain Slocomb's com
mand one night rolled the Lady Slocomb
off the earthen embankment into a lauoon
or old slush hole and buried it, giving as
their reason that they did not want the
gun to fall into the hands of the enemy.
It was afterward dug up and carried to
Mobile, where it was purchased by Henry
Badger, a prominent Confederate of that
place, who had served through the war
and knew of the excellence of the Lady
Slocomb.
The gun was named after the wife of
Captain Cuthbert Siocomb, who went out
in 1862 in charge of the Fifth Battalion of
the Washington Artillery. Tne gun at
the battle of Shilob spat out its first
sraoke and spread its first desolation in
the ranks of the enemy. Through all the
memorable struggles of the Army of the
Tennessee it went out and every where it
gained well - d-rserved renown. It was
prettily mounted, and was at that time,
as it probably is now, a handsome gun.
Now the old relic is to be sold. The es
tate of Henry Badger is being wound ud,
and the gun. along with other relics of the
Confederacy, is to fall into the hands of
others. "Years ago several efforts were
made by the Washington Artillery to buy
the gun, and they will in all probability
be heard from at the sale.— New Orleans
Picayune.
Elephants are fond of gin, but will not
touch champagne. -
CABINET-MAKERS
VISIT McKINLEY
Farmers Name a Man for
Secretary of Agri
culture.
Michigan Would Feel Honored
if General Alger Were
Recognized.
Whitelaw Reid, Mark Hanna and
Oiher Prominent Persons Dine
With the Major.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 25.— Major Mc-
Kinley listened this evening to a formal
request for recognition by appointment to
the Cabinet A com mittee of the National
Grange, an organization of farmers with a
membership of 250,000. urged Mr. McKin
ley to appoint J. H. Brigiiam of Ohio as
Secretary of Agriculture. The committee
consisted of G. H. Hale of New York,
George B. Horton of Michigan and W. W.
Miller, secretary of the Ohio State of Agri
culture. Aaron Jones, the spokesman,
said:
"Wo feel that the vast agricultural in
terest of the country ought to be recog
nized by the appointment of a practical
farmer to the position of Secretary of Ag
riculture. Colonel Brigham, whom we
recommend, is a successful farmer, a
strong man of affairs, a good writer and a
good Republican. He has been for tome
years chairman cf the National Grange,
and he is favorably and widely known.
We are not satisfied with the course of
the present administration toward the
farmers. We hope the Republican party
will give us not only a representativs in
Cabinet, but fair and generous treatment
in i's tariff bill."
Major McKinley promised to carefully
consider tlie suggestions of the committee
and its members departed in excellent
spirits.
The most interesting feature of the Pres
ident-elect's day was the arrival of a party
of distincuished visitors from Cleveland at
1:30. In tho party were Mr. and Mrs. M. A.
Hanna and Miss Mabel Hanna, General
and Mrs. Samuel Thomas of New York
and their son, ex-Governor Merriam of
Minnesota, Mrs. Merriam and Miss
Merriam, Miss Phelps, General W. D.
Caldwell, president of the Lake Shore
Railroad, and Mrs. Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs.
H. A. Gauslin, of Toledo. Mr. and Mrs.
Whitelaw Reid, who were journeying to
Arizona, arrived at the same time. Major
McKmley and his brother Abner were at
the station to receive the guests. Major
McKinley escorted Mrs. Whitelaw Re:d
and Mrs. Hanua to his carriage and drove
them himself to the house. Mark Hanna
sat on the seat beside him.
Luncheon was served at 2 o'clock;. It
was 3:30 when the party left the table.
Major McKinley withdrew for a private
talk with Mr. Reid, and remained closet
ed with him until the visitors left for the
station at 4p. m. There was a good deal of
talk about ex-Governor Merriam of Min
nesota for becretary of the Interior. Mr.
Hanna did not have a private conference
with Major McKinley, owing to the brev
ity of his visit.
Congressman Smith of Grand Rapids,
Mich., the only man in the State who ran
ahead of Governor-elect Fineree. came by
appointment to see Mr. McKiniey late this
afternoon. He was accompanied hf
Charles M. Head. Mr. Smith was cor
dially greeted by the President-elect and
had a long audience with him.
"Michigan would ieel honored," said
Mr. Sruiih to a representative of the United
Associated Presses, "if General Alger
were given a Cabinet position. We feel
that we deserve good treatment from the
Republican party."
Continuing, Mr. Smith said: "I am
opposed to the Dingley bill and do not
think it will pass. The indications are
that there will be an extra session of Con
gress."
Among the callers to-day were Murat
Halstead, A. Butler Duncan of New York
and E. F. Andrews, director of the Cor
coran School of Art, Washington.
VOORHEES IN THE SENATE.
A Son of the Tall Sycamore of the
Wabash May Wear the Mantle
of His Father.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.— C. H.
Hagen of Seattle, Wash., who is at the
Norrnandie Hotel, says there is a possi
bility that the name of Voorhees will still
appear on the Senate roll after tne 4th of
next March, although the Bycamore of
the Wabash is to retire. He reports that
there is a very strong sentiment in Wash
ington State in favor of electing Charles
8. Voorhees, a son of Daniel W. , to the
Senate, to succeed Watson C. Squire. It
will be remembered that Charley Voor
hees, as a dele. ate to Congress, was in
strumental in securing the admisson of
Washington Territory as a State. It was
generally understood at that time that
he would have been chosen Senator had
the first State Legislature been Demo
cratic. The Democrats and Populists
have a large majority in the Washington
Legislature, which meets next January,
and Mr. Voorhees' chances are said to be
good.
GOLD CERTIFICATES.
Movements of the Treasury Department
Indicative of a Renewal of Their
Issuance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Not. 25.—Assist
ant Secretary Curtis has been in New York
two days, but will be at his desk again
Friday. No information is vouchsafed at
the department as to the cause for his
visit to New York, but it is believed to be
on account of the proposed renewal of the
issuance of gold certificates. It was gen
erally understood at the department that
upon the return of the Assistant Secre
tary, Secretary Carlisle would issue an
order permitting the resumption of this
practice, he having authority under the
act of July 12, 1882, to stop the issue of
gold certificates whenever the reserve Ml
below the $J00.000,000 mark. The cessation
of this issue has happened frequently
during the past four years, but it is now
believed that the ordinary course of busi
ness will not interfere with a practice that
has been found convenint for the banking
institut.ons of the country, and particu
larly for those in the large cities.
There has been no stable gold balance
since 1893. When Secretary Carlisle took
hold of i he treasury in March, 1893. there
was $116,000,000 of gold certificates, out
standing, but they have Leen entirely
withdrawn. When the first suspension of
the issue of gold certificates occurred
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
ther* was $1 14,000,000 outstanding. This
happened in April, 1893. After the sale of
bonds the gold reserve was recouped, but
only temporarily. On two different oc
casions the issue of gold certificates was
resumed, but it was stopped at both times
within two or three days alter the order
was made permitting them. Then the
Secretary decided not xo again direct their
issue until tlie balance was stable and de
void of the fluctuations that bad marked
it through a period of many months.
To-day the out-mnding gold cerTlticates
aggregate only 139.538,139. The issue pro
posed consists of denominations of $5000
and $10,000, and will be issu d to such
persons as deposit for the gold in the
treasury upon which they are issued.
These issues are largely used by banks as
a part of their reserve funds, and enable
them to carry a large amount of tne
equivalent of cold without the bulky
article itself, and without the attendant
losses by abrasion, etc.
THE VENEZUELAN QUESTION.
All Disputes Practically Settled, but There
Are Certain Formalities Yet to
Be Observed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.—With
out there being any direct official advices
on the matter it is very apparent that the
report of the Venezuelan Commission,
which is now virtually completed, will be
in the pohsession of the President prior to
the completion of the forthcoming mes
sage to Congress.
How the character of the commission's
report may be changed from its present
standing, in view of the friendly attitude
oi this country and England loward each
other in the settlement of Venezuela s
trouble, is a subject of some official and
diplomatic interest. That poiut appears
to await official reports from the Govern
ment of Caracas.
Should an agreement between Great
Britain and the United States prove ac
ceptable to Venezuela, the incident will be
harmoniously and finally closed in all
quarters, and not tend to a recalling
of past acrimony and recitals of
more or less national disagreement
that would appear should circumstances
call ior detailed statements of the numer
ous points involved hi the controversy as
considered by the Commissioners. In the
event of the South American republic
cordially acquiescing in the decision of
the two great powers bearing the brunt of
the dissensions a formal report only will
be necessary.
Judge Brewer of the commission was in
consultation to-day with Secretary Olney,
presumably on the subject, but he declines
io give any indication whatever of the
purposes of his visit to the State De
partment.
THE PRESIDENTIAL TURKEY.
Fattened to Order, It Weighs Thirty-One
Pounds— How Cabinet Officials
Will Fare To- Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.-The
President of the United States and nearly
all of his official advisers will pass Thanks
giving day in this city in a quiet way.
The President and Mrs. Cleveland will at
tend divine service in the morning and
eat their Thanksgiving meal in the execu
tive mansion in company with their three
little girls. The principal dish at dinner
wiil be a choice turrey from the stock of
Horace Vose of Rhode Island. The bird
arrived by express this morning. It
weighs thirty-one pounds and is described
as the fattest and handsomest Mr. Vose
has presented. It is by all mean- the big
gest and most peerless bronze turkey seen
here. Mr. Vose bea;an his practice of sup
plying the President with a Thanksgiving
turkey nearly a quarter of a century aeo,
and for a number of years tiie late Senator
Anthony of Rhode Island sent the gift in
person.
The Vice-President and Mrs. Stevenson,
with their family, will spend the day at
their h rnie in bloom ington. 111.
The Secretary of State and Mrs. Olney
will have a regular New EngUnd dinner
at their home on Massachusetts avenue.
They will have a small party of friends,
including the Secretary of Agriculture and |
Miss Morton, Solicitor-General and Mr*.
Ccnrad an>l Mr. and Mr->. W. C. Endicott.
Secretary and Mrs. Carlisle and their
son have invite i a few friends to dine with |
them to-morrow and will dispense the
traditional Kentucky Thanksgiving hos
pitality.
Secretary and Mrs. Lumont will spend
the day quietly with their little house
hold.
Secretary and Miss Herbert will have I
Mr. and Mrs. Micuu, the Secretary's son- j
in-law and daughter, a. their guests.
Postmaster-General and Mrs. Wilson
have invited a number of young people,
friends of their children, to spend the day
at their hospitable home.
The becretary of the Interior and Mrs.
Francis will celebrate their fir9t Thanks
giving day official life in Washington by
ageneral family reunion, at which will be
present their five son?, now at college. It
wih be the practical inauguration o( tneir
new home.
Attorney-General and Mrs. Harmon will
have all the members of their lanaily with
them at dinner.
WEST POINT CHANGES.
The Academy* Sphere of V*rfulnea* to
Be Enlarged.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.-The
annual report of the Board of Visitors to
the West Point Military Academy recotn
meuus raising the requirements for ad
nmsicn so as to provide that applicants
shall be examined in such subjects as may
be prescribed from time to time by the
Secretary of War before they shall be ad
mitted to the academy. As the barrack*
and academy building were found to be
ample for tne accommodation of at least
eigbty-eieht more cadets, or two at lar.e
from each State in the Union, or one for
each Seqator, and the additional cost
would be slight, the board recommends
that an act of Congress should be passed
lor the nomination of one cadet by each
Senator in addition to those narue.l "by the
members of the House of Representatives.
The Board of Visitors recommends addi
tions and improvements at the ncademy
barracks, the extension and repairs of the
riding-ha!l and stables and a number of
other improvements, which they think
will make the military academy the most
complete school of tne kind in tne world
PRINCE ITURSIDE'S CEIETANCE.
May Be Rrinttated in the Metropolitan
Club nt II anhington.
WASHINGTON, D. C. r Nov. 25.-The
case of Prince Augustin I turbid c, the
adopted heir of the late Emperor Maxi
milian of Mexico, against the Metropol
itan Club of this city, upon a petition of
Iturbide for a writ of mandamus against
the Metropolitan Cl:ib to compel it to re
ceive him to membership, as lie had been
expelled for alleged scandalous conduct
was heard in the Dintrict Court to-day]
and the decision is held under advise
ment. The particular offense charced
against Prince Iturbide, and for which he
was expelled lroni the clhb, was his state
ment that a daughter of a fellow-member
had written certain k-tters derogatory to
the character of other ladies. Iturbide
denied under oath that he had made
such allegations.
To Stuttir Marine Achiteeture.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.-Naval
Cadet William C. Grovcsbeck of Indiana,
who has just been cent to study marine
architecture in the University of Glasgow,
is the sixth man of his Naval Academy
class to be sent abroad for such a purpose.
It ha* been customary to send three of
each class, but the demand for naval
constructors has so greatly increased that
the nnmbtr needing special training has
correspondingly increased. Eight or ten
of the next class will probably be sent.
BILLY SMITH'S
FOUL FIGHTING
Loses His Battle With
Ryan After Nine
Rounds.
Gets Rattled in the Hot Contest
and Disregards the
Re'ere?.
Hissed Down by Disgusted Spectators
When He Appeals From the
Decision.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— In the
ninth round of the twenty-round battle
between "Mysterious" Billy Smith of Bos
ton and Tommy Ryan of Syracuse, at the
Empire Athletic Club to-night, Referee
Hurst disqualified Smith for repeated
fouling and gave Ryan the decision.
There was bitter blood between the
mci:, who have already met four times.
The battle was fairly even up to the ninth
round. Though Smith did most of the
leading Ryan's wonderful defense evened
matters.
Smith opened the ninth with a terrific
left-hander, which landed on Ryan's left
eye, cutting it open.
Smith apparently went wild at the sight
of the blood, and the fight, which had
been tame in the early rounds, began in
earnest. Smith landed right and left
punches and had Ryan hard put to it to
defend himself. Then Smith commenced
deliberately fouling his man, hitting him
in the breakaway, holding in the clinches
and elbowing.
Ryan appealed several times to the
referee. At length that official, having
several times cautioned Smith, sent the
men to their corners and declared Ryan
the winner. Smith refused to shake
hands with Tommy and for a moment it
looked as if the battle was going to be re
newed, but the seconds quieted the men.
Smith tried to address the crowd, but he
was hissed down by the disgusted spec
tators.
There were not more than 1500 people
present. Ryan was attended by Jimmy
Handler, Fred Smith, Tom Grady and
George English. . Charley White, Tim Me-
Grath and Bill Crowley were behind
Smith. • They shook hands at 10:15 r. x. '■-. ;'.'
Round I— Both sparred for an opening.
Smith was first to let go with the left and
Ryan ducked, landing a light right on the
body. Smith shot a left to the car and they
clinched. Ryan put a left on the neck and
Smith drove, his right to the body. Ryan
ducked a couple of lefts and run into a lett on
the neck.
Round 2— Ryan rushed in and put _ hot left
on the wind. Smith tried a left for , the face,
but Tommy ducked. Ryan landed his , left on
the body and Smith put his right on the neck.
Smith sent a light left to the ribs and Tommy
came back on tne neck.- Smith swung hisUft
lightly on the chest. Billy put a sounding left
011 the back as the bell rang. Smith was cau
tioned for holding his man. ■ •-, .
Round They were only sparring so far.
Smith led, but was stopped. Ryan came into
mi uppercut, but got back with his right on
the body. Tommy then put his left on the
wind, but took a stinger on the lace in return.
Neither man would break until the referee
separated them. -. ■ .. T ,, ". >-
Round ' Ryan ' rushed ' in, -but "was
stopped. T ey exchanged hard lelt<. - Smith
put a right on the neck at long range.*: "BUrr's
left found tne tare lightly, and he sent a good
one to the belt. Ryan put his let ton the brfdy.
Smith sent a hot let on the face, and Tommy
rushed in and wrestled his man to the ropes,
where the referee broke them. Smith had
done all the leading so far, but Tommy
showed his usual cleverness. .
Round Smith led for- the: face but was
blocked. . Ryan smilingly got away from some
very vicious swings. In a rally Smith landed
on the face and body and followed up with a
left on the face. Ryan _vi a hot loft over the
Kidneys. Smith's right found the jaw and he
.shot a left to the wind. . Both landed right
and left on the face and bedy as the bell rang.
Tommy was still on m. defensive. - -
Round 6— Ryan's left just reached the body.
Ryan came in and toot. a right on the wind,
but a moment after jabbed his left on Billy's
jaw. Smith drove a hard left on Ryan's chest,
i liny started to mix and Ryan had a bit the
best of the exchange. Tommy lauded ,: his left
on the face and Billy countered on the body.
Smith drove his right and left on the body,
teiore the bell rang. Smith's eyes were a bit
red.
Round?— Smith opened with his right on
the body and they clinched. Smith rushed in,
but Ryan clinched. Ryan put both hands on
the face liuhtly Smith drove in a couple of
rib-finders and Tommy's left found the Boston
man's face. Smith put a hard one on the ear
and two corking lefts on the body that hurt.
Tommy came in, but got a left on the ear : for
his pains. They were getting warmed up and
It was even so far. ... . •. - . -
Round Ryan came in with his left on the
body. A lot of clinching followed. Smith
snot a straight kit on the forehead, and fol
lowed with the left on the body. ■ Ryan sent
his left to the ribs lightly. Smith sent his
left to the body, and Tommy countered on the
face. A warm rally closed the lound. Smith
doing execution on the body, while Tommy
went for the face. ".ITyLjlUifnujipt'ljliLliuiilf
Round Smith shot a left at Ryan's left
eye, cutting it open. Smith commenced rough
ing it and sent his left on the eye aud right on
the b >dy during the clinches. He punched
Ryan hard, holding him, and Tommy kept ap
pealing to the referee. At last, after a glaring
succession of fouls by Smith, during which he
held his niau against- the > ropes, th£ referee
stopped the fight ana gave Ryan the verdict.
Ti:c round had gone two minutes and forty
lour seconds. The decision was received » iih
applause. v
:.■■ « ■ .
CORNELL EXPHCIS TO SCORE.
But Ha* Faint Hopes of Defeating the
Pennsylvania**.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 25.— The
last lootball game of the season of 1896
between the big Eastern . colleges will be
played to-morrow between \ Cornell and
Pennsylvania on Franklin field/- The Cor
nell team— substitutes, coaches and rub
bers, in all about twenty-nine men — ar
rived here this evening from Ithaca and
are quartered at the Hotel S ten ton. That
Pennsylvania will win "' to-morrow is an
almost foregone conclusion, but \ Cornell
always plays a hard and plucky game and
as trie Ithacans are In much better condi
tion than . when they met .) Harvard ; and
Princeton, and will also have the fullest
strength of their -team out for t!ie first
time this season, good game is looked for.
While the Cornelians do; not expect to
win, they do expect to score. They are
counting on Pennsylvania's > two .-: fatal
faults of this season — a fumble and a
blocked kick— to aid them across the goal
line of the red and blue. Aside from
either one of these two causes it is impos
sible that Cornell will score, as Pennsyl
vania's defense this year has been abso
lutely impregnable \to : every team they
have played," and the only times they have
been scored ,' upon ' has been due to a
blocked kick near the goal line/ggggEmn
.Besides. .Besides hoping to score, Cornell ex
pects to keep Pennsylvania's score down
to about four . touchdowns. Notwith
standing the hard - game : played against
| Harvard last Saturday, the :Pcnnsyl
vaniansare in s fine ■ condition. - They ;do
not expect that Cornell will be able to
score, and they, themselves expect to wind
up at least thirty points. *V. 2 ■•'-:
; ,- It is ; possible that *, Hedges may play
left end to-morrow^ in place of Boyle, as
the latter has been under the weather for
a couple of days. • Hedges is as good a man
as Pennsylvania ; has. Pennsylvania to
day simply indulged in light signal prac
tice. As to-morrow is a legal holiday it is
probable th? attendance at the game will
be as large as it was at the Harvard game,'
but as the • outlook *is ■ for '-disagreeable
weather it is possible the attendance will
be kept down for this reason. ..
,'\ The teams will line up as follows: ■ .
-Cornel!. Position. Pan nay lva via.
Tracy. '.. i eft end. 1 . ; . Boyle or Hedges
White.....; Left ta Itle Uffenbeirner
Ree i ..:.........:.;. guard :...'... ..Woodruff
Fenneu..;.-T:..;v.....Cen:er...........::..0veriie1d
Clark.".".7;:r.:;T;.vr.".".Klght guard. Wharton (capt.)
Sweetland High: tack1e.... ........ Karrar
Taussig....... ...Right end.... Dickson
8a55ett... ............. Quart eraclc... :....... Weeks'
Beacliaiu (capt.) Left ha1fback......... Gilbert
McKeever..;.:.. -.'..-.Right halfback .Morrlce
Ritchie Full back... Minds
SOUTHERN TURN EVENTS.
Winner* at Lrxington, Aashtille, Aete
Orleans and Bennin<t*.
LEXINGTON, Ky,, Nov. 25.— Results: Six
furlongs, Bloodhound won, Mary second. Duke
of Momrose third. Time, 1:20^-
Four and a half furlongs, Goshen won, L W
second. Sharon third. Time, :58!v
Six furlongs, Kossack won, C.ctus second,
Handspun third. Time, 1:19?^.
Five furlongs, Hazel Green won, The Planter
second, Live Joy third. Time, 1 :05%.
Five lurlongs, Satsuma won, ABC second,
Garland B«r third. Time, I :3l>j.
NASHVILLE, Tenn\, Nov. 25. —Results: Five
and a h_"f furlongs, Dominico won. Royal
Prince .econd, Clinton third. Time, 1:09^.
Five and a half furlongs, Bramblenet won,
Traveler second, Susie Hawze third. Time,
Six furlongs, Floreanna won, Sautear second,
High Noon third. Time, 1:15?£.
Five and a half funougs, shuttlecock wrn,
Rtscher second, Pete Gore third. Time, 1 :09»£.
One mile, Master Fred won, Charley Weber
second, Pete KUchen third. Time, 1:44',
NEW ORLKANS, La.. Nov. _5.--Oue mile,
>an Brunt won, Jamboree second, Judge
bteadman third. Time,l:49»i.
Six furlongs, Doomful won. Banquo II sec
ond, Anger third. Time. l:19 s -£.
Six lurlongs, Dick Behan won, Llselg second,
Monte.l third. Time, 1:19%.
Seven lurlongs, Juditn (J won, C. C. Rumreiil
second, Overeha third. Time, 1:35%.
Six furlongs, John (_'arr won. Old Dominion
second, Will Elliott third. Time, 1:19.
BENMNGB, Nov. 25— Six furlongs. The
Swain won, Arabian second, Euphemio, L third.
Time, 1:16 3 5.
Five furlong*, Minnie Alphonse won, Aunt
bully sei-ona, Endeavor thinl. Time, 1 :04 2-5.
One and an eighth miles, King-stone w<>n, Sir
Dixon Jr. secofid, Flames third. Time. 1:58 4-5.
Five fur!ong«, Declare won. South Africa
second, Campania third. Time, 1 :3O 2-5.
Steeplechase, Deoapod won, Mnrs Cuun sec
ond, Southerner third. Time. 2 :32 1-5.
PRINCETON KEATS YALE.
Football Seniton tinned HUH a Contest
ftrttctien frrithtnen.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 25.— The fooi
b&ll season closed here to-day by the
Princeton freshmen defeating the Yale
freshmen by the score of 14 to 4. About
2000 spectators turned out to see the con
test, but there were few representatives
from New Haven present.
The young Tigers bad things pretty
much their own way in the first half, but
in the second half Yale showed the ad
vantage they had gained by steady prac
tice for some time past, while Princeton
was, to a great extent, a picked up eleven,
having had little opportunity of learning
i team play.
Princeton had better men in every posi-
I tion, with the exception of the center trio,
where Sutphin and Marshal made things
hot for their opponents. The only thing
that kept Yale from scoring once or twice
i was their fumbling at critical times. Their
I best gains were made by masspiay^ on the
| center and by usins: the quarterback trick
j around Oglesbv's end.
Princeton made the most ground by
i workine Yale's ends, which were quite
: weak ana by gains on Wheeler's i>unt.
i Wheeler punted well, but both elevens
i depended mainly on tactics.
WHEELMEN'S BULLETIN
Many Xeu> Professional* and a Larger
Xi«t Of' ■ 1 'i(»;:"iMll»M.V.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 25.—Chair
man Gideon of the L. A. W. has issued
ttte following bulletin:
Declared professionals— Virgil Hall, Omaha,
Nebr., clause C; H. B. Weise. Philadelphia,
clause B; Harry Johnston, Newton, Runs.,
dame I; \V. shillinford Newton, Kans.. clause
1; Dan Gracey, Newton, Katrs., clause I; John
Faecher, Newtou Kaus., ciause I; W. A. Tal
bert, Hamburg, Iowa; Hurry Holtzineer
Hamburg, lowa, ciause I; Horace Slater, Phce
nix, Ariz., clause A; Walter Daniels, Butte
Mont., cause A; C. H. Kerr, Butie, Mont.,
clause A; \V. A. Ferguson, Butte, Mont., Harry
Day, Butte, Mont., W. B. Laswell, Butte, Mont.,
— Pierce, Hutte, Mont., clause A; B. B. Snep
plns Ph.ladelphiti, c'.auso F.
Suspended until July 1. for unsanctioned
races — Walter Daniels, 0. H. Kerr, Harry Day
W. O. Ferguso:), W. B. Lasswell, Pierc-, E.
A. Law, Hcnsley., Walthey, C. A. South
w.ick, C. W. Reber. Keefe, Botte, Mon-.; J.
F. Kennedy, i). J. Davis, A. B. Dudley, L. La
lonis, H. L-jmke, Thomas Lord, James Lyons
R. Ryan, J. Kaufmann, A. S. Church, Lonis
Orpins*, C. R. Morgan, B. J. Morgan, Anacon
da. Mont. ; Kent Clark, Hurs CiarK. C. W. Chat
tin, Tomes Htthaway, Fioyd Hyde, George
Well, Ike Letser, Missou.a, Mosul; Miilburn
Bchartze, Ireland, Lainberiini, Brown, Taylor
Harmon, Harrington, Babcock, Butler Miles
City, Mont.
♦
Will Try Again for the Diamond Sculls.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 25.— Dr. W. S.
McDowell, the Cnicago single sculler who
competed ior the diamond sculls at
Henley-on-the-Thames, England, last
July, writes to a friend in this city that he
intends to try again next year for the
famous prize. He will start from this city
the latter part of March and train on ihe
Thames near tne new bridge for three
months before moving up the river to
Henley. McDowell was handicapped last
year b<y an in lerior American shell and
poor sculls. He has ordered a new boat of
Clasper, the English bunder. He will use
English scull! 1 .
Receiver* for a Baltitnor* Firm.
BALTIMORE, Md . Nov. 25.— Receivers
were to-day appointed for the Campbell
and Zell Company. The firm conducted
a large business as engineers and con
tractors and was also proprietors of the
Enterprise Marine and Boiler Works and
the Enterprise Iron Works. The total
assets of the company on October 1 were
estimated at $432,000 and the liabilities at
$163,000.
>nutn Itnkota Keturn*.
HURON, S. Dak., Nov. 25— The re
turns for South Dakota have finally all
been received and tabulated. Bryan re
ceived 40.930 votes, and McKinley 40.802.
giving the former a plurality of 128. The
Prohibition ticket received 992 votes.
There were no Palmer electors.
Quay J« *ot for Wanatuaker.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 25.-A
special dispatch from Washington says
that Senator Quay, when questioned about
the lively content over the succession to
Senator Cameron quietly but em
phatically said: "I am not for
Wanamaker." Further than this the
junior Senator positively declined to dis
cuss the matter.
If Yon Want
Get some flour and water. If you want
health get Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
Ten thousand people say it is good ; 10,000
people recommend it. Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla cures Habitual Constipation.
GOLD DEMOCRATS
UNDER A CLOUD
Are Debarred From Their
Party's Councils in the
Halls of Congress.
Senators Palmer, Vilas, Caflfcry
and Gray May Vote With
the Republicans.
Small Hope fir the Passage cf the
Dingley Tar ff Bill During the
Coming Session.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25. -Only
a few stragglers have reached Washington
to attend the session of Congress, and
from the expressions of these Senators
and Representatives it is apparent that
no plans have yet been formed as to legis
lation to be accomplished ths winter.
Nothing can be determined until cau
cuses are held alter Congress has assem
bled. Chaos will reign in both the Demo
cratic and Republican conferences. The
bolting Republicans will have their own
little caucus, and so will the gold Demo
crats, for the latter will be g ; ven the cold
shoulder by the regular Democrats. The
regulars and Populists will also caucu?
separately.
Senators Palmer, Gray, Vilas and Caf
fery will be denied admission to the Dem
ocratic caucus, and it is believed ihat they
may vote with the Republicans on many
questions. There is some doubt about
Senators Hill and Smith, who have
not entirely forfeited tneir claims to be
regarded as Democrats.
The silver Republicans who supported
Bryan are in closer touch with the Demo
crats than are the four bolting gold Sena
tors (Palmer, Vilas, Gray and Caffery)
with the Repubicans.
The iliree silver factions intend to op
pose the Republicans on the tariff — all ex
cept Jones of Nevada, who has announced
his intention of voting with the gold men
on the tur ff.
The cnances for the passage of the
Dingley tanff bi:l ; are slender. Mr. Ding
ley himself admits the probability ttiat
the bill will fail at this session. The re
port from Canton that Mr. McKinley
does not favor the passage of any tariff
bill at this session is generally credited by j
his friends here.
GUFMRNMENT C ONTROL.
What Debates in the Brazilian Congress
Have Developed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.— An
instructive object ie-son in Government
control of railways has been developed
by tho debates in the Brazilian Congress,
growing out of the bill to leasa the
Brazilian Central Railway to a foreign
syndicate.
The Central road, with its branches,
covers 500 miles oi the best coffee pro
ducing districts in the republic. The
main line extend« from Rio Janeiro ou
the north to Bt. Paul in the aourh, with
an important brauch west to the State of
Minas. The road was built some years
ago by the Government at an expense or
$150,0tJ0.000 and earned for a time an in
come of $16,000,000 annually, several
millions of this bema- clear profit.
INTERESTS TH E COAST.
Aevf Poatoffice and Poatmatter—Califor
nia find Oregon Pension*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 23.— A
postoffice was established to-day at Tas
saiara. Contra Costa County, Cal., and
George M. Cole appointed Postmaster.
R. H. Curry was to-day appointed Post
master at the Geysers, Sonoma County,
Cal., vice A. H. Hil:, resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original — Oliver Sparks,
Downey; Charles Button, Riverside;
George W. Seaves, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles; George E. Jumper, Golden Gate.
Special November 17— Moses O. Leary,
Veterans' Home, Napa. Mexican War
widows — Ann J. Cornweil, Napa.
Oregon: Original— Roland Haukins, Sil
vies. Restoration and additional — Mer
rian Foland, dead. Tillamook.
aval Tranmfrr* and Leave of Absence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.—Com
mander H. R. Nichols has been ordered
to command the cruiser Bennington,
being detached from the Mare Island
navy yard, where the ship is now. He re
lieves Commander G. W. Pigman, who is
granted leave. Ensign W. S. Montgomery
is detached from the Massachusetts and
ordered to joia the Petrel on the China
station, as watch and division officer. En
sign F. H. Schofield is detached from the
Marblehead and granted leave.
Coh«mI« Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. 25.— The
President has appointed Frank D. Hall of
Minnesota Consul at Santos, Brazil, and
Rev. J. Leonard Corning of New York
Consul at Munich, Bavaria. The latter
has been Vice-Consul at Munich since
1892, and succeeds Ralph Steiner, resigned.
The vacancy at Santos, Brazil, was caused
by the recent removal of Henry C. Smith,
colored.
HE RIGGED THE MARKET.
An Australian Broker Contra to Grief
on 'Change in London.
. NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— A special
dispatch to the Sun from London says:
The most sensational case of rigging the
market for many years came to a crisis
on the London Stock Exchange to-day.
Shares in the Lady Hampton, a new
Australian mine, the actual and par value
of which is $5, reached the nominal quo
tation of $1500 each. The history of the
deal is this:
A few weeks : a?o the stock of the Lady.
Hampton Company was offered to the pub
lic .in _ the. usual way at par. Be
fore the allotment "was made a
big jobber in the Australian market
named Stoneham undertook to break the
price of the stock, which was quoted in
advance of the issue at a slight premium;
He offered the . stock ; in 1000-share
lots a little under the market. The
company's brokers bought 3000 shares
from * him. Mr. : Stonenam then en
deavored .to obtain the stock for
delivery :by subscribing in the names :of
his clerks for 3000 shares. The directors of
the company determined to punish him.
They sentlette:s of regret to all the public
subscribers and allotted ail the shares to
themselves and friends. 1 Mr. Stoneham
found it impossible to obtain the stock to
complete his bargain at any but prohibi
tive figures. It would cost him $450,000 to*
get - ; 3000 * shares at -; to-day's . quotations.
The men "•* who have ;so " successfully
rigged v the market' offer to compromise
with : him i for $1,000,000 cash. - Mr. Stone
ham offers $150,000. The Stock Exchange
committee hud appointed next Monday for
■ settlement, but have now jvstpoiied it in
definitely. • Mr. Stoneham: has ; invoked
the law and begun , prosecution against
his .persecutors, for conspiracy. The
chances are that thr matter.will be com
promised.
Taken From Jail to Avoid Lynchiny.
LEXINGTON, Mo., Nov. 25.-Officers
arrived here this morning witn Lon
Lackey and Jes^e Connor, charged with
the murder of Mr?. Winner and her two
children near Richmond, Mo., last week.
.Ihey were taken away from the jail there
to prevent lynching.
JAGUAR HERMAN'S FAILURE.
J'Ud Weather Ituinm the liuiine** of «
former Ann frttnciican.
NEW YORK. N.Y., Nov. 25.-Jacob
Herman, manufacturer of cloaks, failed
10-day ..and the Sheriff toot charge of his
place of business. .. -
Mr. Herman was formerly of Ban Fran
?n'?OT_ nd » ta L t *! in ' busines:, in this city
in 1874. - He built up a Rood trade and on
jßnuarv.l last claimed to have assets of
$112.000 ; and liabilities of $43,000. His
trouble is attributed to the depression in
the cloak trade on account of the mildness
of the weather. -
Official Returns from Mebra.tkn.
LINCOLN", Nebr.. Not. 25.— The State
Canvassing Board completed the official
count on Presidential elrctors to-day.
Bryan is shown to have carried the State
by a plurality of 13 000, as follows: Bryan
1-5,6-4, McKinley 102,064, Palmer 2797,
Levering 1196, Socialist and National 910.
The canvass on constitutional amendments
is yet to be made. Four fusion and two.
Republican Congressmen are elected. The
political complexion of the Legislature is:
Senate — Fusionists 25, Republicans 8;
House — Fusionists 68, Republican 32.
Ihe Caitl** Arrir* at -Sew York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— The
Havel, on which Mr. and Mrs. Castle are
fassengers, was sighted off Fire Island at
10 o'clock to-night and reached quarantine
a few hours later. They will arrive in
Hoboken to-morrow morning.
80 % MAN,
|QO °/o ■ m per cent man and -•
per cent weakness may not
'0O °/ / o seem very much to the be-
I O/ ~ o . ginner, but if the waste con-
«" /O tinues the end is certain. It
J q<~\ o/ will be 10 per cent man and
■ ' ,° 90 per cent weakness. Don't
gO o / W.I into this condition. If
you are buffering from a
; 90 °/o . waste or a loss; if you pass
I sleepless nights, wake tired
i9O • / o an( list!e?s; if you are pre-
| Qp. O / maturely decayed; .if you
! r~. ■•//■?; have the symptoms of failing
!qq / manhood, be sure to get that
' ° which will cure you. It is
90 °/n the remedy treatment
go °/ o
°£i HUDYAN.
?O%; - l : '
, QQ O /
' y - f / O Hudyan can be had only
jQO 0/ from the doctors of the Hud-
i /o son Medical Institute.; No
9O °/o one else can give you Hud-
yan. Call or write for fair
QO °/o trial treatment or
|9O ?/o CIRCULARS
90% AND
9O°/o TESTIMONIALS.
Hudson Medical ; Institute,
y.r Stockton, Market and Ellis
. . . \ Streets.
A SHIRTMAKER^S
DUTY
is to furnish a good shirt for
the money he charges. He
must not think "anything
will do," because it won't
People want good shirts and
tthey can have
them if they buy
"Standard"
-,
shirts made here
in California.
O_ft_T-A.R,R,_E_: CATARRH
LOCAL DISEASE HpS^Zyl^B
and Is the result of colds HC/?^M BAU*^|
and sudden climatic ■£?vte_, e col - D l
changes. P^^£fc£|
This remedy does not con- t!J*fEVEII jO_J *> A
tain mercury or any other e*jl >vt<£____
injurious drug. . I >^^y/M
cream y lalm Biff!
Opens and cleans the Nasal ( IN II ]¥ lir I ft
Passages, Allays Pain and VVLII *' llD.ilf
Inflammation, Heals ami Protects the Membrane
from Colds. Restores the Senses of Taate and
bmell. Is quickly absorbed, Cilves relief at once.
. 50 cent, at Druggists, or by mail; samples 100 by
XL V BROTHERS, 56 Warren street, New Tori-
PLANS M SPECIFICATIONS
For a School Building.
Otfictc Board op Education*. 1
Pas Francisco, November 17,1896. ;
IN ACCORDANCE WITU A RKSULU l lON
I adopted by the Beard of Kducatlon of ■ the City
and County of San Francisco, -November 16, 1895,
public notice is hereby Riven to : architects' that
' competitive plans and spect flea: ions for the erec-
tion of a High School building:: In ' the Mission dl*- n.
trict in said i'i:y and County will be rece ved ac-
cording to the •Meni-r;il instructions to Archi-
tevts" (copl»s of which can: be = obtained at the of-
fice of said board) in open session of. the Bottrd of
Kducfition on .Monday. Novemb-r 30, 1896 at 3
o'clock p. m. as fol owb: On ' a lot 398 feet, front
facing sou;h. by a depth of 19-i feet, having ttirfe
street frontages. Ihe said plans und specifications
are to be in compliance wlto "General instruction'!
to Architects.' and to be so prepared that the coat
of the bunding, excluding the archf.ect's commis-
•v?4 l££ °r5 oxce * v ln tlle aseregate-the sum o?
*137,000. Die architect whose pans and si.ecitt-
ca;lons ■"""_ adopted by the board will be appointed
architect and sup*-rinien«i«*H of the build ins at a
compensation of five (5) per cent of the total cost
OKOROK BKANSTo.v. Secretary. :
COSMOPOLIT __*.!«•.
Opposite C. 8. Mint, 1 00 . and 102 Fifth at s»a
.raocisco, Cal. -The most eel«ct Tamil/ hotel *•
the city. Board and room »i. SI 25 and $1 60 per
and 76c a day. 1 ree coach to ana f rota the howL
VVhiteg, aunatural dis-
_Fß_r_ o ?_f«?iTV ■ ar R f . s . or any inflamma-
c^cu^o. -i r tion of m u? onV'S
W**¥rH£tVANS CHEHICHtCo. br &aes. j Non-astringent.
V^^CiNCINNATI.O BEB Sold by J>ru«ri_tr,
rag. D.8.1: in plain wripp---.
■ Circular sent or. *• .***.MACEO STRUCK
FOR CUBA LIBRE
Crushing Defeat of Wey
ler's Army Near Mt.
Rubia.
Why the Spaniard Hastened
Back to His Stronghold
at Havana.
Revenged for His Defeat by the Mur
der of Pacificos and Wounded
Prisoners.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— The
Ward line steamer City of Washington,
which arrived to-day from Havana,
brought some interesting news of the en
gagement which occurred near Mount
Rubia between the Spanish troops and the
insurgents, headed by Maceo.
Last Saturday the Government organ,
La Lucha, called for trains to convey 1000
wounded and sick soldiers from Candela
ria to Havana. This was the first intima
tion that had been received that the en
gagement had been serious in its results.
One of the passengers on the C:ty of
Washington, who for obviou3 reasons did
not wish to have his name mentioned,
gave an interesting account of how the
battle was fought, and this to a great ex
tent, it is thought, explains why General
Weyler returned to Havana so soon.
Mount Rubia is twenty-six miles west of
Havana anil about twelve miles from the
northern coast of the island. General
Weyler had spread his trocha across the
island in its narrowest part to prevent
Maceo's forces moving toward the east.
Then the remaining forces were divided
into three detachments, one of 5000 men,
another of 10,000 and the third of 20,000,
the latter being led by General Weyler
himself. These detachments moved to
ward the mountains from different direc
tions.
The detachment of 5000 reached the
mountains first, and after heavy fighting
was repulsed by Maceo's forces with 700
wounded and it is not known how many
dead. WLen the second detachment of
10,000 men, under command of General
Echague, arrived and began to storm the
mountain they found that the enemy had
disappeared. General Weyler, who ap
proached from the trocha, did not have a
chance to smell powder.
Details are lacking, but it appears that
Maceo bad another engagement west of
Mount Rubia, in wb*cn 1000 of the Span
ish troops were wounded. Five hundred
of the wounded were brought into Ha
vana by rail and 200 were brought by
water, leaving 1000 sick and wounded still
on the field. Weyler's failure to locate
Maceo would appear to have been the
cause of his hasty return to Havana.
William Brown, a subject of Great
Britain recently released from a Cuban
prison, where he had spent a month Jor
the alleged offense of shouting in the
streets of Havana '"Cuba libre," and who
was a week ago expelled by order of
Captain-General Weyler, said he aid not
care to go into details regarding his treat
ment by the Spanish authorities, except
to say that the treatment was brutal in
the extreme, and that if he had not had
papers proving him to be a British sub
ject he wou;d yet be in a Spanish dun
geon.
"Cuba, in my mind, is lost to Spain.
The latter country is now on her beam
ends and the storm on the little island
will soon engulf her," he said.
Mr. Brown declared that no political
prisoner in Cuba Knew what he was ar
rested for until he had been in a prison
cell for some time. While declining to
give details in his own case, be talked
freely of Spanish cruelty in other in
stances. Some of his stories are almost
incredible. He said:
"Let me tell you something of Weyler's
system. Honore Lame was captured by
General Maceo of the Cuban army, about
nine months ago. He was detained but a
few days. After his liberation Lame re
turned to his home in Havana. Later he
was arrested at the instance of a personal
friend, a particular friend of Weyler. Sev
eral months after his arrest he was tried
before a jury composed of Weyler's own
creatures and declared innocent.
"Did that make any difference? Not a
bit. He is still held a prisoner and his
ca^e has been referred to Madrid. Weyler
showed his feeling toward the court that
declared Lame innocent by sending them
into the fi- Id as a punishment. Mr. Lame
is a Frenchman and is trying to get his
case to the attention of the French Govern
ment.
"Weyler has had many foreigners ar
rested. He detests them. Most of" these
. cases have never seen the light of day,
because of the Spanish system of placing
them so that their respective Governments
never learn of their subjects' misery.
Finally they dropout of sight It saves
the cost and trouble of trial. The poor
Cuban gets short shrift.
"It is sufficient to know that he is a
sympathizer in the cause. That is hia
death-warrant If the unfortunate one
has friends his trial is a farce. His con
viction is an absolute certainty, and by
the first steamer he is sent to Chafarina or
some other penal colony.
'Here is « story related by a prisoner
now confined in the prison in which I was.
Colonel Moline in one of his recent raids,
while endeavoring to locate an insurgent
hospital, met a 14-year-old boy— Curios
Hernanda. He aemanded from the youth
the location of the hospital. The boy did
not know.
"Moline struck him on the head with his
revolver, causing the blood to flow. A
repetition of ihe question, bringing the
. same reply, resulted in the boy's eye be
ing forced from its socket by a blow from
the Spanish officer's pistol. Not satisfied
with this he struck the boy again, Killing
him, and undoubtedly reported a gallant
victory to Weyler.
"This same butcher Moiine murdered a
whole family. Gonzales by name, the same
day, for refusing to inform him of the di
rection taken by the insurgents.
"These acts of murder and cruelty are
in marked contrast to the Christian spirit
shown and practiced by General Calixto
Garcia, the insurgent chief, who sent the
wounded Spanishprisoners captured from
Guiomorc to Puerto Principe.
"La Lucha in its edition of November 21
informs the people of Cuba that Colonel
Pons Devela surprised and destroyed a
rebel hospital at Campo Florida. There
were eighteen beds occupied at the time,
and as there was no mention of prisoners,
it ia understood that the sick: were killed.
"Reliable information from a party just
relumed from the Ptnar del Rio district
was a few days ago received in Havana.
It states that a reign of death and pillage
was well under way there, men, women
and children being outraged and shot
down in their homes or wherever found.
Most of them were pacificos, their
only offenses being that they did
not quickly enough bend to Wey
ler's soldier* by removing into the
towns, where they were almost sure to
starve to death, as Spain's captain-general
was known to have no facilities for hous
ing and feeding them. This has all oc
curred since Weyler took the field. It
looks as if he wished to have bountiful re
venge for having been driven from com
fortable headquarters In Havana."
Mr. Brown would not say where he
would stay while in this city. He is said
fo be saving the details of his personal ex
perienccs for publication in Europe. A
perfect knowledge of Spanish has helped
him to a fuller insight of the Cuban ques
tion than it is possible for most aliens in
Cuba to obtain.
CANOVAS' WARLIKE TALK.
This Xaiion of Shopkeeper* Must fight
if It Interfere* in Cuba.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— The Sun
to-morrow will say :
In a pamphlet just published in Spanish
by the Cuban journalist, Scnor Jose de
Annas-Cardenas, the author relates two
interviews he had in Madrid, during the
month of Aupust. with the Prime Minis
ter of Spain, Senor Antonio Canovas del
Castillo.
After havinp: consulted Senor Estrada
Palma, the Cuban delegate in the United
! States, and knowing the opinion of
j General Gomez, Senor Annas tried
to learn also what Senor Cano
vas would think about a peaceful
i arrangement of the Cuban question in the
! form of a contract between the belligerents
I in which Spain should grant independence
j to Cuba and the Cuban republic agree to
j pay a war indemnity to Spain.
Last May, and through an important
j Spanish official, the Count of Casa Mi
| randa, Senor Annas, while in Paris re
i ceived word that the Prime Minister of
I Spain was ready to hear him on the sub
ject provided Senor Annas could guaran
tee that in case the Spanish Government
coultj make such a proposal the Cubans in
I arms would accept it.
Senor Annas had then another interview
i with Senor Palma, and the latter offered
i to transmit the proposal to the Cuban
Government and give his personal opinion
in favor of it as well as his guarantee that
the Cubans in arms would be will
ing to make such an agreement, but
knowing the Spanish pride he told
Senor Annas not to act as a representative
of the Cuban revolutionists, because the
Spanish Government would believe that
they were looking for peace and had
found themselves too feeble to continue
the war. That Mr. Palma was right is
proved in the pamphlet referred to in this
article.
Returning to Paris in Aueust, Senor
Annas waj escorted to Madrid by an offi
cial specially sent for that purpose by
Senor Canovas and under an assumed
name with a Spanish passport. Ir. Madrid
Senor Canovas received Senor Annas, and
the first prouosal ha made was to grant
: home rule to the island of Cuba.
As Senor Annas answered that such a
thing was out of the question, the Prime
Minister offered to grant independence
after the Cubans had laid down their arms
"to satisfy the national pride."
Senor Annas replied that in his position,
acting independently for the accomplish
ment of a practical end, he could not
transmit such a proposal, as the Cubans
would never believe a promise of that
kind made by bpain.
Here the Prime Minister grew angry,
and with insulting expressions about Cuba
obliged Senor Annas to make an answer
which put him in danger of immediate
| arrest. The affair would have ended there,
but next day when Senor Annas was about
to leave Madrid the Prime Minister called
I him again to his office and tried
I to convince him of the wisdom of trans
| mining his plan to the Cubans, but as
j Senor Annas refused to do it without a
| guarantee from ihe Government of the
I United States that Spain would keep her
i promise, the Prime Minister said:
"The United States? Never, never! A
nation of shopkeepers to guarantee the
word of Spain? The United States are
alone responsible for what happens in
Cuba. They are the true authors of the
war, and I assure you if Spain loses Cuba
the United States will pay to Spain what
Cuba is worth.
"The Mora claims begin to cost them
dear. The claims of Spain are now a hun
dred times n;ore. The United States
threatens Europe with the Monroe doc
trine and Spain, in the name of Europe,
will accept the challenge.
"Don't talk to me about the United
States. If they like to inierfere Spain will
fight, and if they like to take down the
Spanish flag m Cuba they can only obtain
it after a glorious Trafalgar in front of
Havana."
CO NDEMNER TO HEATH.
fate of a Cuban Who Was Promised
Amnesty.
HAVANA, Cvba, Nov. 2-5. — Antonio
Lopez Coioma, who was at the head of the
revolution in the province of Matanzas
whr»n the present insurrection in Cuba
broke out, has been condemned to deti'h
for the crimes of rebell.on and homicide.
He is to be executed to-morrow in the
Cabanas fortress. Coioma, who headed
the insurgents in the Matanzas province,
where the insurrection was suppressed
after about six weeks' fighting through
the activity of the Spanish authorities,
surrendered, together with many others
of the rebel?, upon the strength of a
proclamation of amnesty made by Cap
tain-General Calleja. In the ea>M of
nearly all the others who gave themselves
up the captain-general's promise wat made
good and they were set at liberty. Coio
ma, however, in spite of the promise of
amnesty made to him. was not released,
he being looked upon as one of the leaders
and organizers of the rebellion. Instead,
he was sent to Morro Cattle, where he has
been confined for over a year and a half
awaiting a decision in his case. The
authorities made no attempt to Inflict
upon him any more severe punishment
than imprisonment.
TIME FOR INTERFFENTION.
How the Revolutionary Leader* Regard I
Wryter's frutless Campaign.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.-'.'The in
glorious ending of General Weyier'» cam
paign and his return to Havana," said
Senor Tomas Estrada Talma, chief of the
Cuban revolutionary party here, to a rep
resentative of ■ the , United Associated
Presses to-day, "is to my mind a victory
lor Maceo and inglorious detent for Weyler.
"Whht more is needed to demonstrate
Weyler' i utter ihcompctency ?.v He was
supplied with : everything: ,he required in
the matter of men and munitions,, and
now rhe. is back I without accomplishing
anything. More wounded . Spanish ; sol
diers have been 'brought to Havana since
the campaign in Pinnr del Rio was begun
than at any time during the war. That is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 189 G.
significant. Who knows how many Span
ish soldiers have been killed? Now, mark,
the time is coming when Maceo will as
sume the offensive and strike a blow so
decisive that Weyler will be wonder
stricken. I would like to see intervention
now on the part of the United States.
Blood enough has been shed. The Cubans
have earned a right to be recognized. It
is high time that the United States should
intervene,"
IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Rumors of an Insurgent Victory Denied
by Spain's Prrmter.
TOKIO. J\pan, Nov. 25. —1t is an
nounced that a Japanese warship will be
sent to the Philippine Islands at once. A
aispatch received here from Manilla, the
capital of the Philippines, says that the
rebels have won a victory over the Spanish
forces, and that an attack upon Manila is
feared.
LONDON, Ekg., Nov. 25.— Senor Canovas
del Castillo, the Spanish Prime Minister,
has authorized a denial of the report con
tained in a dispatch from Singapore, pub
lished in London this morning, that the
Spanish forces In the Philippines had been
defeated by the insurgents. The dispatch
stated that tbe Spaniards lost 300 men in
the engagement, but did not say where or
when the fight took place.
SUPPLIES FOR WEILER.
Horses and Ammunition Purchased in
Thi* Country by &pani*h Agents.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Nov. 25.— The local
members of the Cuba Libre Society claim
that the Spanish Government has repre
sentatives in this country who are buying
livestock and ammunition to be used in
the war in Cuba. Several carloads of finn
horses and mules were snipped South in
one train yesterday. It is claimed that
the whole lot will go to Havana and be
placed at the disposal of General Weyler.
They were purchased in small lots at the
National stockyards and kept in special
corrals until the trainload was completed.
SAYS WAR IS INFITARLE.
General tlohnstone Predicts a Spanish-
American Conflict.
BALTIMORE. Mn., Nov. 25 General
Bradiey T. Johnston, who was recently in
Cuba as a newspaper correspondent, is
quoted to-day as stating that he believes
the meeting of Congress on the first Mon
day in December will be made notable by
a message from tbe President recommend
ing the recognition of the Cubans as bellig
erents, and that the following Wednesday
will see a declaration of war by Spain
against the United States.
CONGRATULATE SALISBURY.
England's Untenable Claims in the
Veneruelan Boundary Di*p*tt-e.
LONDON. Exo , Nov. 25.— Sir Edward
Clarke, M. P., formerly So citor-General,
speaking at Accrington lust night, con
gratulated Lord Salisbury upon having
the courage to abandon the preposterous
claims that Great Britain had made for
years regarding the boundary between
British Guiana and Venezuela.
Referring to the proposed arbitration
treaty Sir Edward said he did not believe
that a permanent arbitration tribunal
would be likely to lessen tne number of
difficulties between Great Britain and the
United States. Diplomacy was capable of
dealing with most questions without re
ferring them to a clumsy and unsatisfac
tory court of arbitration.
Sir Edward, it will be remembered,
caused much adverse comment some time
aero by declaring publicly that Great Brit
ain's claims regarding Venezuela were
untenable.
Another Sepoy Mutiny.
BOMBAY, Inpia, Nov. 25.— Advices
received from Rawle Pindi «ay that 200
Sepoys belonging to the Twenty-seventh
Punjab regiment of Infantry stationed at
that place, became riotous a few days ago
and looted a number of shops, severely
wounding several persons who attempted
to defend their property.
LONG AND SHORT HAULS.
Western Railroads Granted a Hearing
Before the Interstate Commerce
Commission.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 25.— 1n
accordance with petitions of the Southern
Pacific. Denver and Rio Grande, Denver
and Rio Grande Western, the Santa Fe
and Colorado Midland, the Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day ordered
that on December 18 there be a hearing
granted these loads, which have asked
that section 4 of interstate commerce act
be set aside in order that "they may be
authorized in the transportation of like
kinds of pronerty to charge less compen
sation In tne aggregate for the long dis
tances from common points in Colorado
and terminal points in California than for
snorter distances over the same lines in
the same direction, the shorter distance
being included within the longer."
They represent that sharp competition
by water from Atlantic ports to the
Pacific Coast make it imperative that they
should be allowed this through rate. The
Interstate Commerce Commission also
orders that at the hearing these companies
shall file their present schedules of local
and thtough rates as well as the changes
they desire to make.
SEALS ON SEKING NEA.
Dr. Darid Starr -I ■ ,<t .,„><, Interesting
J-ee-ure at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. 25.-Pro
fessor David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, delivered an inter
esting lecture last night on the "Seals of
Bering Sea." A number of stereopticon
views of photographs taken on the islands
were shown on screen. While noi refer
ring to his official conclusions it was quite
evident the speaker thought sometning
should be done to protect seal pups and
check the loss of life. among the pups
which is due to the fiehting of the bulls!
He also referred to the habits of the ani
mals, which resulted in their going for
food 200 miles from the islands, and con
trasted this distance with the limit of
ownership extending from land fixed by
international agreement. He had also
something to say of pelngic sealing, and
stated that every female soal liiiled meant
the destruction of two lives. He said the
animal killing of bachelor seals was of
benefit, as their presence near the rook
eries led to increased fighting among the
bulls.
THE TEXAS DIDLY DAMAGED.
Extensive Repairs Aece*sary Before She
. Can Again Go to .Sea.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.-While
the -naval court which investigated' the
recent foundering of the battle-ship Texas
has not yet returned a ' verdict, it *is
learned that' without extensive repairs it
is very doubtful whether the Texas can
be 'again ordered to sea. It is understood
that sixty-one of her compartments leaked
when tier engine-room was flooded and
that a leak sprung in any one of them at
*ea might cause the total loss of the ship.
Not only were all the alleged "water
tight" doors found defective, but in the
opinion of a : member of ; the court her
whole bulkhead system is utterly' useless.
fimu> Jersey's Official Ruturns.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 25.— Official ra
turns on the election from New Jersey are
as follows: McKinley. 221.367; Bryan,
133,675; Levering, 56 4; Palmer, 6373-
Matchett, 3385. McKinley'a plurality)
87,602.
BRYAN IS STILL
TALKING SILVER
Warmly Greeted in Many
Mining Towns of Col
orado.
The Democratic Leader Claims
That H.s Defeat Amounts
to Victory.
R'joices That No Man Can Hold Office
in This Land Unless the People
Want Him.
PUEBLO. Colo., Nov. 25.— Mr. Bryan
boarded his train a few minutes after 3
o'clock this morning at Denver, where he
went to sleep in a Pullman car. The train
pulled out from Denver at 7 o'clock. The
first stop was at Burnham, where a large
crowd had assembled. There were calls
for a speech, but when told that Mr. Bryan
was asleep the crowd preserved silence.
At Littleton the same programme was
repeated, with the exception that Gov
ernor-elect Adams addressed a few words
to the crowd, and then the train left for its
long climb up the hill that separates the
waters of the Arkansas from the Platte.
The pace was terrific, the train swinging
around the long curves at a lively gate,
and when the engine halted at Palmer
Lake, on the apex of the watershed, Mr.
Bryan stepped off tiie train to get a cup of
coffee and landed in the midst of the
howling crowd, to which he smiled and
addressed a few words.
The next stop was at Colorado Springs,
"Little Lunnun,"' as it is dubbed, where a
large crowd cheered itself hoarse and one
or two shouted "Hurrah for McKmiey."
Tne next stop was at Pueblo. At 10:30
the train entered the yard limits, where
there was a continuous ovation. At the
Union station arches had been erected,
and as the guest left the train he gazed up
a street gayly decorated in flags and bunt
ing. The music of bands was heard, and
rboveallthn cheering of the crowds that
bad poured into the city all the day and
night before. Carriages were in waiting
and Mr. Bryan was driven throu/n the
city; lirst to the Centennial High School,
where about 1000 children were gathered
waving flags. In a short speech he praised
the flag and said:
This flag is the emblem of the National
sovereignty, the thing we carry in time of
battle, thai we use for decoration on the
Fourtn of July and other occasions. I love it
so well that I think it ought not to be used by
any political party. Xo party is big enough to
own that 11 tg. [Cheers.]
I waut you to remember in this country men
aie not born great; they do not derive their
greatness from their ancestors. I rejoice tnat
I live In a land where no man can aold officj
unless the people want him. It is sometimes
inconvenient when they don't want you.
[Laughter.] It is the best form of Govern
ment—democracy; the only Government that
cun be made as good as the people deserve to
have.
From school to school he was driven
and the seeno was repeated. The speecn
of the day was made at the Mineral Pal
ace, where he addressed several thousand
people on the political issues of the day,
along the same strain in which, he spoke
while in Denver yesterday.
This being the home of Governor-elect
Alva Adams, that gentleman introduced
Mr. Bryan at the various meetings held.
He was wildly cheered by the people and
then was driven to the Grand Opera-house,
where he spoke to women exclusively, and
then a drive about the city was in order.
At 6:30 Mr. Bryan boarded a train for
his home in Lincoln, passing through
Colorado Springs at 7:30, where a great
crowd had gatnered at tbe station and to
whom he addressed a few words. That
city, which has always been overwhelm
ingly Republican, gave Brvan a majority
of 300 votes, and this was reterred to, one
of the crowd jocularly remarking that the
town was no longer Little Lunnun, but
should be called Little Arkansas. This
produced a laugh.
Mr. Bryen was presenled with a sou
venir book of Colorado wild Mowers by
Mrs. Conrad, the gift of the ladies of the
city, and a few appropriate words were
spoken in recognition, after which Mr.
Bryan resumed his night's journey.
"THE HERO OF 1900 "
Hour William Jenniny* Was Introduced
at Colorado Springs.
COLORADO SPRINGS; Colo., Nov.
25. — William J. Bryan, who has been the
guest of the citizens of Colorado for the
past two days, spoke for a few minutes in
this city this evening. He came from
Pueblo at !•'' and was escorted to the
balcony of me Rock island Hotel. The
Rock Island train was held, for him half
an hour. He wns briefly introduced by
Mayor Plumb as the hero of 1900. There
was an audience of 3000 people at the
depot who stood in the November cold to
listen to him. He spoKe against a driv
ing wind. Mr. Bryan began pleasantly by
saying that he had not supposed that there
were so many people who did not know
that the election was over. They act as if
the silver cause had met with a great vic
tory instead of a defeat. Continuing he
said:
It was a victory and we are in the midst of
it campaign. We are organizing for the batWe
of 1900 and to do In 1900 what we failed to do
in 1896 i 1 believe thai ihose who fought so
valiantly for free coinage feel bjtter to-niglit
than those who are wondering who are to
hove thepoKtofllces. In this fight we have
convinced the people that the stiver question
'8 bigger than th» few »i!ver-producing States.
We have shown that the people in two-thirds
of tho area of the States believe in it. We
have not only made the movement respect
able In a large part of the country, but we
have clubs that are as zealous and enthusias
tic as you are here. They Delieve tli y are
ri;?ht and are going to fight, for thulr convic
tions. This city his the reputation of having
cast ;he blegest vote m the State for McKln
ley. You then know the arguments, but you
have not heard a single advocate of tne gold
standard who will admit that be does so for
his own int-rest. It is always to help some
body else.
We In the agricultural States have stood with
you who own mines not Jo help you, but to
help ourselves. If we advocate silver it is be
cause we are interested as much eg you are,
and for that reason we are not going to forget
you. Those people abroad who nave been
watching this campaign know that the vic
tory is not overwhelming. There will not be
over fifty majority in Congress and another
overwhelming victory like that will settle the
silver question our way. In four years from
now your majority in favor of free silver will
not be proportionally as large as it is now, be
cause the States with the big populations will
outdo you. We believe that right will prevail,
and we are going to keep It up. We reply to
those who say that we should stop agitating
that they generally agitate until they get
what they want. We are glad that the Repub
licans are saying that they are organizing, be
cause ihe mure we agitate the more converts
we will have.
Mr. Bryan started to his train, but the
crowd made a rush at him and he
had to escape out through the hotel
kitchen. He was presented with a beauti
ful souvenir booK of Colorado wildflowers.
His train pulled out with a cheer from the
crowd, ;.... -v
BRYAN TO BE DANQUETER.
Elaborate Preparations by the Silver
Dutnoerats of Chicago.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 25.— The Bryan
League, the new organization of Cook
County silver Democrats, will have an
elaborate banquet here at a hotel to be
named by a special committee nppointed
to make arrangements at a meeting of the
executive committee to-day. The date
will be January 8, the anniversary of An
drew Jackson's birthday. An invitation
will be sent to Mr. Bryan at Lincoln, and
when he returns from Colorado a letter
of acceptance is expected. It is intended
to have other prominent Democrats on
the speaking list.
SUGAR TRUST OBSTACLE.
A Technicality Prevents the Absorption of
the Baltimore Company and Opera
tion of Its Works.
BALTIMORE, Mp., Nov. 25. — The
sugar trust Has encountered an unex
pected obstacle to its control of the Balti
more Sugar Company. Lawyers wbo have
been studying the situation claim that the
recent election of directors which resulted
in the defeat of the old board, composed
of Baltimoreans, and the substitution of a
board in sympathy with the trust, was
illegal. The old management was unani
mously in favor of starting the plant at
Curtis Bay as soon as possible, and had
made arrangements to begin the manufac
ture of sugar by the middle of December,
providing work for t>oo men. The sugar
trust wanted the plant to remain idle, and
at the annual meeting about two weeks
ago showed that it owned a majority of
the stock of the Baltimore company and
therefore elected successors to the Balti
more directors. C. Moreton Stewart was
the only resident of Maryland elrcted a
director, and as the laws of Maryland re
quire that a majority of the directors be
residents of this State, it is the opinion of
several lawyers who have examined the
situation for the minority stockholders
that the election 13 void.
The sugar trust is not considering this
phase of the situation, and it is reported
that it will call the stockholders together
again for the purpose of electing Maryland
residents to the board and avoiding legal
complications which would almost cer
tainly ensue.
Tne minority stockholders have not
abandoned the movement to have the
works opened, and if the sugar trust does
not issue orders that will start the plant
up and enable it to earn returns upon the
$250,000 or more stock held in tins city
within a reasonable length of time legal
steps will be taken to enforce the rights; of
the local interests.
♦
CUETAILING R ILROAD PASSEN.
Radical Change* I'roposed by the Western
Imffic A*Mf>clation.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 25.— The new
agreement regulating the issue of passes
during 1897, which was adopted by the
Western Passenger Association at its
recent meeting in St. Louis, makes a more
radical change in the present agreement
than was believed at the time of the meet
ing. Tbe details were made the subject
of a circular to-day for general railroad in
formation. Next year only the general
manager, president and genera! superin
tendent of a road will have tiie power to
obtain passes for employes or alleged em
ployes from other lines. This curtail
ment of the officials' applications for passes
will be honored, ami is expected to result
in a reduction of tbe number issued by 50
percent. The traffic department, inciud
mg the general freight agent, is barred
from exercising a privilege he now enjoys,
and the influential shipper is expected to
pay his way in future, as it is not believed
freignt traffic officials will confess to their
superiors, by asking for passes for the
shippers, that they get their business by
such methods.
The announcement was made to-day
that John L. Ferguson, now city passenger
ag' nt of the Chicago anil Northwestern
road, will become assistant general pas
senger agent December 1, in charge of
local traffic. Wuiiam M. Dodd, cashier
lh the general passenger department, be
comes city agent.
C. W. Smith, local passenger aeent of
the Burlington road, was appointed to
tlay city passenger ngent at San Francisco,
to succeed the iate F. W. Madeira.
"LET THEM HAVE. A TRIAL."
liberal Attitude, of Senator lioach of
J>orth Jtakota.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25.— A Tribune
special from Washington says:
Senator Roach of North Dakota, one of
the more conservative of Democrats in the
deliberative branch, does not see any ad
vantage to be gained in offering factious
opposition to a Republican programme of
tariff or revenue legislation. He said yes- |
terday :
"In my opinion it is a question to be
deeded by the R-publicans themselves
whether they desire the passage of the |
Dingley bill or not. As I view it, there |
are some perplexing features of the mat
l«r which the Republicans will doubtless j
weigh carefully and reach a conclusion
on early in the session.
"Speaking for myself, as a Democrat, I j
would not interpose any factional objec
tion to such tariff legislation as the Re
publican majority might possibly desire
to undertake. They say that prosperity
is to follow Republican supremacy, and 1
am willing to let them have a trial, anci,
il it is successful, to give them credit lor
it. Ido not know what general policy the
Democrats in the Senate may decide on,
but thoso with whom I have talked have
not expressed any intention of opposing
the programme of the majority."
NATIONAL REFURMERN.
Call for a Conference in the Interest of
Bimetallism.
NORTH TONAWANDA, N. V., Nov.
25.— Edward Evans, ex-chairman of the
National Reform party, last night issued
a call for a National conference of reform
ers. The call includes the Prohibition
parts', the People's party and the Na
tional Reform party. No city has yet
been decided upon in which to hold the
convention, but it will probably be Chi
caeo.
The object of the conference will be the
union of all parties, and an attempt will
be made to induce those parties to fuse
with the Democratic psrty lor future work.
By doing this, Mr. Ev.uis declares, bi
metallism without international consent
will be more easily brought about in the
election of 1909.
The National Reform party was organ
ized in the last campaign. It is an offshoot
of the Prohibition party and was organ
ized at Pittsburg by delegates who bolted
the regular Prohibition party's nomina
tions. The National Reform party was
composed of those Prohibitionist* who fa
vored the free coinage of silver. Their
candidate for President was Judge Bent
ley of Lincoln, Nebr., a near neighbor of
Mr. Bryan.
PANIO IN A. BUR NING FACTORY.
four Hundred Person* Xarrotelg Escape
With Their Lives.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 25 -Four
hundred persons, the majority of whom
were women, were thrown into a panic
shortly beiore noon to-day by a fire in tbe
six-story cigar factory owned by B. New
mark & Co. Although many received
bruises more or less painful in the scram
ble for the street, no one was badly in
jured. The tire started on the fourth floor
and worked its way upward through the
two upper floors. It was stated that the
two upper floors contained stock in the
shape of manufactured cigars and rough
tobacco to the value of |30,000 or $40,000.
Thiß will be a totai lo*s. The damage to
the building was estimated at $10,000. The
fire was oi suspicioui origin, and an in
vestigation is in progress.
Montana Steept by a BUtmard.
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 25.— The worst
storm known In Montana for years is
raging all over the State and the mercury
at different points is from 10 to 40 degrees
below zero. Railroad«trains are impeded
and streetcar service suspended.
LOVE EPISTLES
TO LADY SCOTT
Earl Russell's Letters to
Mother-in -Law Read
in Court.
Wanted Her to Stay With Him
While He Lived Apart
From His Wife.
Declared in Endearing Terms That
His Devotion to Her Was
Ucdy ng.
LONDON, E*O., Nov. 25.— The Central
Criminal Court, Old Bailey, was crowded
this morning, when the trial of Lady
Stlina Scott, John Cockerton, Frederick
Kast and William Aylott for criminally
libeling Earl Russoil, was resumed.
Earl Russeil resumed his place in tbe
witness-box and continued his testimony.
After the failure of the action brought
against him by his wile for divorce, he
said, Lady Scott sent to him an affection
ate Christinas card. Nevertheless the
witness identified a letter written by Lady
Scott subsequent to her sending the
Christmas card promising a sufficient ?um
of money to give a start in life to any
person who would furnish proof that Lord
Russell had been guilty of immoral acts
prior to 1894.
J. L. Walton, M. P., cross - exam
ined Earl Russell on behalf of Lady
Scott. Mr. Walton produced a letter
written by Earl Russell to Lady Scott,
in which the writer began by calling her
"Darling and concluded by saying, "I
shall always love you." Earl Russell ex
plained this by saying that he was sorry
lor Lady Scott, though he did not esteem
her.
Mr. Walton then read other letters
written by Eari Russell to Lady Scott,
wherein he indulged in such expressions
as 11 1 want to give you a last hug. mv
darling," "my lovely one," "dearest,
and other terms of affection. Earl Rus
sell explained his language by saying
that he had written these letters on the
eve of his marriage to Lady Scott's daugh
ter. Later he had written letters to Lady
Scutt expressing a desire that his wife
should not see him. In these letters Lord
Russell alluded to his wife as a stony
hearted, self-righteous saint, and urged
Lady Scott to stay witn him while he
lived apart from his wife.
At tuis point in the proceedings the
Judge intervened, saying that the whole
question was whether or not Earl Russell
was guilty of the offenses with which he
was etiarged.
Mr. Walton then questioned the witness
regarding his alleged misconduct witt a
student at Oxford, and the Earl replied
that at the time tbe allegations were made
against him he demanded of the master
ol the college that tbe charges be thor
oughly investigatea.
An adjournment was then taken.
IOWA'S NATIONAL DEMOCRATS.
Resolve to Maintain Their Organization
and Continue the Campaign Against
Free Silver.
DES MOINES, low\, Nov. 24.—Promi
nent members of the National Democratic
party of lowa held a conference here to-day
at which it was determined to maintain
tbe organization.
The present State Central Committee
was continue! and headquarters will be
kept open in Dcs Moines. Colonel Martin,
National committeeman, and Joel Wit
mer of Djs Moines acted as secretary of
the meeting.
Letters were read from Judge Trimble of
Keokuk, Mayor Vollmer of Davenport and
a score of otuers, who urged that tnp or
ganization be maintained. Mayor Voll
nier in his letter expressed the opinion
that 50,000 sound-money Democrats of
lowa cast their votes for McKinley this
year.
In discussing this letter Colonel Eisbeck
of De 3 Moines said he agreed as to the
number of votes cast for McKinley, but be
lieved there were 60,000 more sound-money
Democrats who voted for Bryan because
be was the nominee of the Democratic
party, but who could be reclaimed by the
sound-money cause. The following reso
lution was adopted:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this confer
ence, composed of members of the National
Democratic Darty, that the present State or
ganization be continued, and that we pledge
our moral and financial support in a campaign
of education along the lines of the Indianapo
lis platiorm.
It was decided to adopt an address to
the Democrats of the State with a view to
bringing them into line for sound money
and a. tariff for revenue only. It was also
decided tnat it would be best to lend the
moral support of the organization to the
McKinley administration when it comes
into power in so far as the administration
has to deal with the financial question.
WINTER IN THE NORTHWEST.
Snnic, Jiain and Cold Wares Jteported
from Various Sections.
ST. PAUL, Minx.. Nov. 25.— Northern
Minnesota has been visited by the biggest
snowstorm of the j r ear last night and to
day. At the same time Central and
Southern Minnesota have been getting the
biggest rain in years. To-night a big cold
wave is reported approaching from the
northwest. The streets of St. Paul are a
sea of water and melting snow, ana
pedestrianisra outside of rubber boots is
extremely hazardous.
HELENA, Mojrr., Nov. 25.— For thirty
hours, ending at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing, it snowed here without interruption.
Over a foot has fallen, and the car-lines
are all tied up. Traffic generally is badly
~~v~~~— - -v~-~^^ NEW TO-DAY.
A DOCTOR'S ADVICE,
rVSE OF THE REASONS FOR THE GREAT , SUCCESS OF DR. SANDEN'S
V Electric Belt is the personal attention which Dr. Sanden gives to his patients.
. ]'• s *j ->J-*t£. r ' Before applying the Belt every patient is
: JesP\' 3jr~/%^r' T?>ssi&* given a thorough examination, free of
•<J-^^^f^^\^^¥^^^^^4^ charge, to determine the nature of the
-jlWj^ A^yE^ft^X^^^oh. int complaint, 'and during the treatment Dr.
• ißi^is^TV^ S^ ""^TTt^^^Jfl Sanden spares no pains. to cause a quick
\y^r£/7 , Dr SANDCNS ..< '^K^jWl and permanent cure. This free examina-
J wSb^ t E^CTRIC BELT.'" oj^3uj ; tion is of great value to the patient, and
' V^liinft^*~*-S^ SJu^v ±££>*ZLJswfy Dr - Sanden > with his thirty years of med-
2yU| V l^.^y^y^^^/'T^W^t^ cal experience, is qualified to say frankly
"^SflP^Qgy A t£s^o**r^S what the effects ot bis Belt will be. In no
■.-■: V*. -~ •^-^^^X^Jv^-^ l^ * ' '-' case will a Belt be applied where it cannot
j. ". - ' -^*V" "x^ *T* " do good, as Dr. Sanden has always dealt
with • h i s pa- : , .3jt£ -.;■• tient3 on the principle that one cure is the means of
selling, twenty ... ;s£y^~ more Belts, and he prefers not to sell : a' Belt rather than
sell one where -3s -«£ > it-will do no good.
/..If, you 1 feel "..^ii'V^f*? Vthat you need help call on him, and he will tell ou frankly
whether there 13 : \?*~ <"•.■ help for you in his Electric Belt. Consultation and exam-
ination free. If you cannot call send for bis late Illustrated book, "Three Classes of
Men," sent," sealed, by mail, free. ;.„".':" \'. '.! '
■' ; .'/ '■' .': : ;^; : BAISrX>X2CT EIj23CTHIC : CO.. .. \
632 MARKET? ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCp.
Office hours 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays 10 to 1. -.Offices at Los Angeles, Cat, 204
So. Broadway ; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street. r
NOTK.— Make no mistake in the number— 632 Market street.
crippled. The stormy wenther i<« general
throughout the far Northwest. Trains on
the railroads are delayed. The snow was
accompanied by a cold snap, the tempera
ture being below the zero throughout the
State.
SCALDED UNDER THE WRECKAGE.
Horrible Death of an Engineer and Fire-
man After a Railway Collision
in New Jersey.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., Nov. 25 —
While- an extra ireiglit train was nearing
this place this morning an axle broke.
The rear end of the train was wrecked.
The Southern express was close behind on
another track. Before it could be flagged
it ran into the wrecked train, which had
been spread over the track. The engine,
mail car, two baggage-cars and four
sleepers were derailed.
The passengers, though considerably
shaken up, escaped with few bruises. The
train crew was not so fortunate. Joseph
Meepan, engineer of the express, and his
fireman, H. W. Chichester, were pinned
under the fallen engine. They were
scalded to death in full view of the pas
sengers and trainmen, who were gathered
about, out powerless to aid.
Toe scene was very pitiful. The two
men moaned with agony as the hot water
touched them and the escaping steam
completely enveloped theij. The onlook
ers were frenzied with excitement. They
did everything in their power to aid the
men, but in vain. The heavy machinery
could not be moved in time. "Fortunately
the men did not have to suffer very loug
until death came to their relief.
KITE PHOTOGRAPHY.
Experiments to Be Made on the Nan'
sions of Gotham.
BAYONNE, N. J., Nov. 25.— An attempt
will be made to-morrow to take mid- air
photographs of the important residence
district radiating from Madison Square,
New York. Wiliiam A. Eddy and Henry
L. Allen will send out a line of tandem
kites several feet in diameter from the
roof ot the Hoffman House, Broadway and
Twenty-fifth streets, beginning at 9a. m.
Mr. Eddy says that the weather bureau
predictions of northerly winds indicate a
possibility of variable winds receding to a
calm. He said that should light, variable
winds set in the force may not be sufficient
to lift the camera. Shortly after dark,
time exposures will be tried with the
camera in midair.
MET A TERRIBLE DEATH.
late of a Colored M retch, at tho Hands of
a Tennessee Jlob.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn\, Nov. 20— Pat
Mitchell, who was taken from the officers
near Allentown last night by a mob, ha 3
undoubtedly met with a terrible death.
Tbe mob started to hang him to the trestle
of a railroad, but the idea of burning him
was sprung and when last seen the negro
was begging for mercy, Dut the mob was
taking him on toward the scene of his
crime, and it is the general belief that he
was burned to death. His victim was a
rive-year- old white girl.
PEARL BRYAN'S MURDERERS.
Jackson and Walling Slay Escape the
Gallow* on a l echnicality.
CINCINNATTI, Ohio, Nov. 25.— A dis
patch to the Enquirer from Frankfort, Ky.,
states that from a source of absolute re
liability it is learned that the Court of
Appeals will grant a new trial to Scott
Jackson and Alonzo Walling, sentenced
to Heath for the murder of Pearl Bryan.
It will be held that certain testimony was
incompetent, and that consequently a
new trial is necessary. The information
does not come from any member of the
court, but may be relied upon as accurate.
BOOM IN SHIPHUILDING.
I Million* to Be Spent in Lake Vessels as <*
Result of the Election.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 25.— Since the
election contracts have been let for
$3,000,000 worm of Jake vessels in the
Calumet River shipyards and employment
will be given during the winter and spring
to 3500 men who were idle a month ago.
Last weeK contracts were closed for two
steamers and a large steel schooner in ad
dition to the great steamer Crescent City,
which will lead all lake craft in carrying
capacity and general construction.
Jtenie* lhat He It Dr. Hermans
TOPEKA, Kans., -Nov. 25.— Rev. Q.
Wynne Richmond, who is in jail awaiting
trial on the charge of sending obscene let
ters to his wife, indignantly denies that
he is Dr. Francis Hermans, who is wanted
in Salt Lake City for the murder of Miss
Henrietta Clausen. He has asked the
Sheriff to write a complete description of
himself and send it to Utah. H«j said he
was preaching in Louisville, Ky., at the
time the murder is alleged to have been
committed.
Inrentigating an Oklahoma Incident.
GUTHRIE, 0. T., Nov. 25.— Senators
Vest of Missouri and Allen of Nebraska
are here to investigate the suppression by
Commissioner Freeman of the Wah-Sash-
She News, a weekly paper, which de
nounced the agent for alleged padding of
tbe payrolls. The Osage halfbreeds and
fullbloods have made much trouble over
the matter by taking sides. The Senators
will make a tour of Indian and Osage
nations.
Preparing to Banquet Platt.
ALBANY, N. V., Nov. 25.-President
Colvin of the New York State League of
Republican Clubs and members of the
Executive Committee held a meeting to
day to formulate plans for the banquet to
be tendered ex-Senator Thomas C. Platt
on the occasion of his expected election to
the United States Senate in January next.
The banquet, which will take place in,
Hermanus-Bleeker Hall in this city, is
intended to be a gorgeous affair. A
special sub-committee was appointed to
try to secure the presence at the banquet
of ex-Prpsident Harrison, Mark Hauna,
Senator Quay and other well-know Re
publican leaders from outside the State.
Suicide of an Albany Editor.
ALBANY, Ga... Nov. 25. — Richard
Cherry, editor and proprietor of the
Albany Penny Press, committed suicide
by taking morphine. No cause is assigned
for the deed.
34
FRESNO'S DISPLAY
OF CITRUS FRUITS
Every County of the San
Joaquin Will Send
Exhibits.
Friendly Rivalry Assures the
Success of the Winter
Exposition.
Large Pavilion Under Construction
Near the City's Business
Center.
FRESNO, Cax., Nov. 25. — The San
Joaquin Valley Citrus Fair, which is to be
held in this city next month, promises to
be a great success. Tbe arrangements are
well under way and are on a basis which
will make the exposition the largest ever
held in the valley. The interest of every
county irom San Jonquin to the Tehaciiapi
has been enlisted, :ind fine displays of
citrus fruits and products will be made by
the horticulturists throughout the valley.
A spirit of rivalry has been aroused among
the counties and all will put forth their
best efforts in making exhibits,
' The magnitude of the fair will draw
many visitors from all parts of the coast
aud those from the East who are visiting
in the State at the time. The horticultur
ists will have an excellent opportunity to
show to great advantage what can be done
in the valley in the way of fruit-growing.
The fair will be held during the weet
before Christmas, opening on Monday,
December 14, and closing on Saturday
evening, the 10th. Should circumstances
warrant it will be continued into the next
week. The programme at present is to
keep the exposition open during the one
week only. The purpose of holding the '
fair this early in the season is to show vis
itors that the fruit ripens, in the valley in
advance of other districts in the State and
therefore has tho advantage of the lir.-t
market. The picking will have teen just
commenced, and the most creditable dis- i
plays can then be made. The importance
of citrus-fruit growing in the San Joaquin I
Valley can in this manner be best "im- I
pressed on those whose attention is at- i
tracted for a business purpose.
The exposition will be held in a tempo- j
rary building constructed for the purpose.
It will be located on a vacant lot on I
street, between TuLare and Kern, and very ■
near the business center of ihe city. It
will be directly opposite the Hughes
Hotel. The construction of the building,
which will De made of lumber, is already
under way, and will be completed within
two weeks. The structure will have a |
frontage of 160 feet on I street and 140 on j
Kern, giving it a floor space of 22,400 feet, j
nearly all of which has already been en- |
gaged by exhibitors-. The interior will be
divided into four departments of 35x160 i
feet each, but there will be no partitions, j
The walls will be lined in the inside with I
heavy cloth. The large space which will
be available will insure no cramping of
displays, and the exhibitors will be given
full opportunity for artistic effects.
H. C. B. Gill iias just returned from a
tour of the counties of the valley in be- j
half of the fair. He explained the plans !
and the purposes of the exposition to all
the leading horticulturists, and his recep
tion in all sections was very encouraeing.
No one did be find not enthusiastically in
accord with the movement and desirous of
helping it. The citrus-growers of the val
ley believe that their importance in the j
markets is not realized by buyers, and the j
proposition of holding the lair to call at
tention to the industry in this part of the
State is being eagerly taken up as an ex
cellent opportunity to accomplish this
purpose.
In Kings County the Board of Super
visors made a liberal appropriation for
paying the expenses of an exhibit from
that county. The Commercial Associ
ation of Stockton is taking an active in
terest in the fair, and is planning to make
a tine exhibit.
Though a special feature will be made of
an exhibition of citrus fruits there will
also be displays of other important
products of the valiey. Every county will
be given an opportunity to exhibit the
products of its chief industries. The Stock
ten business men will make a display of
the agricultural products of San Joaquin
County, desiring to have a representation
in the valley fair.
The raisin-packers promise to make a
big display, :ind the attention of visitors |
will also be called to this great industry |
of the valley. All counties will also be in
vited to make exhibits of cereal nnd dried
fruit productions in conjunction with their <
citrus fruit displays.
About $1000 will be expended in pre
miums for exhibits. There will be a
county contest, aud the one making the
best showing will be awarded $100 in cash.
Great interest is being manifested in this. |
an eager desire being developed among |
the horticulturists to capture the honor
and prize for their respective counties.
The exposition is being promoted by
the local Chamber of Commerce and the
Hundred Thousand Club. These have
each appointed a committee of six. wi.ich
are working jointly in the arrangements.
The understanding is no small one, but
it is in good bands. The joint committee
consists of F. K. Prescot!, George C. Roed
ing, Mark Webster. V. J. Gugeenhime,
Henry Gundelfinger. Emil F. Bernhard,
John McMullin, C. P. Wyer, F. M. Chit
tenden. W. li. Uridge, Fulton G. Berry
and John C. Nourse. These are highly
representative business men ot this city,
and all are extensively interested in fruit
growing.
The Board of Supervisors of this county
has appropriated $500 for the use of the
committee, and the trustees of the city
$150. About $1500 has already been sub
scribed to the iund among the local busi
ness men, and tbe financial part of the
fair, the moat important to the committee,
is on an excellent footing.
The Southern Paeifiic Railroad Com
pany has agreed to make a one and one
third fare from all parts of the State dur
ine the fair week. The Valley road is not
yet in a position to say what it will do,
bat a similar reduction, at least, is ex
pected from it.
Many of the exhibits at the fair will be !
turned over to the State Board of Trade to i
be sent to tbe Hamburg exposition. The I
fruit-growers of the valley are also taking j
an active interest in this exhibition.
The arrangements for the valley fair are
b 'ing carried out on an elaborate basis.
As an evidence of this the fact that the
committee will engage the services of sev
eral outside musicians in addition to the
local to make up a band of twenty pieces
to play afternoons and evenings may be
citea.
The citrus-fruit growers of this county
alone had a fair last year, aud their efforts
were rewarded with the unqualified suc
cess of the undertaking. With all the
counties of the valley joining hands there
is no reason why this year's exposition
should not be as successful as any fair
ever held in the State.
derailed by a Wnthout.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 25.— Owing
to the continued heavy rain last night
there were two washouts on toe Los
Angeles division of tbe Southern Pacific.
One was in the yards at San Pedro and
tbe other a mile west of Kedlands Junc
tion. The latter was the cause of the early
morning east-bound local freight train
leaving the track. The derailment oc
casioned the transferring of passengers
this morning from one passenger train to
another, but fortunately no, accident to
the freight crev.\
SACRAMENTO'S GRAND JURY.
Reforms Advocated in the Final Report
the County's Investigating
Body.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 25.— The
final report of the Grand Jury of Sacra
mento County was filed to-day in Judge
Johnson's department of the Superior
Court. The report states that the jury
has had fourteen regular meetings, has In
vestigated fourteen cases and examined
sixty-one witnesses. Indictments have
been found against nine and the charges
against five ignored.
A motion was carried by a majority
vote declarine it the sense of the jury that
the present license for retailing liquors in
this county be raised to ?50 per quarter
from $HO, as at present charged. There
are 2G7 places in the county licensed to
sell liquor by the glass, or one to every
thirty-seven voters.
The report says:
We won]d recommend that the Legislature,
at its coming session, materially reduce the
official salaries and fees of county officers.
Real estate, rents and nearly all the staple
products of agriculture have shrunk nearly
one-haifand the profits on all kinds of busi
ness have been greatly reduced.
This undesirable condition of the country
renders it a very diffirult problem for the peo
ple to pay the taxes that are levied from year
toyear; and If there is no remedy to be had
many of our most worthy and enterprising
citizens will become ere long hopelessly bank
rupt.
A dollar now has nearly double the pur
chasing power for all the necessaries of life it
had when the present salaries were fixed by
the Legislature. As a matter of justice we see
no good reason why tbe reduction asked for
sii.-i.iM not be made.
The jury recommends that "the Legis
lature, at its coming session this winter,
■submit an amendment to the constitu
tion, to be voted upon at the next general
election, changing article I, section 7, so
that three-fourtps of a jury may find a
verdict in criminal the same as in civil
actions."
WRECKED AT ENSENADA.
The Notorious Junk Peking and Schooner
Minnehaha Driven Ashore by
a Gale.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 25.— Dispatches
from p]n«enada state that the junk Pe
king, which became notorious in con
nection with the landing of Garratt, the
gold - bar thief, and later was cap
tured by Mexican customs officers
at Rosalia Bay while engaged in illicit
guano traffic, was wrecked on the beach
at Enseneda this morning at 10 o'clock,
having been driven ashore during the gale
last night. A Mexican official, the only
person aboard, escaped in a small boat.
Tbe schooner Minnehaha, held at En
senada for a small irregularity in papers,
was also driven ashore and wrecked at
the same time, Captain Wright and his
two sailors escaping.
The schooner Ellen, also in custody of
the authorities for illegal guano poaching,
and the pleasure yacht of Manager Crewe-
Read of the English company at Ensenada
narrowly escaped destruction after drag
ging their anchor.
-The steamer Carlos Pacheco, en route
from Ensenada, experienced the roughest
trip in its history Tuesday night, seas
continually breaking over the deck and
the stiiteroom of Mrs. Henry Mauer, a
passenger, being entered by a wave, which
ruined everything in the room. The
steamer lay in the lee of Coronado Island
during part of the storm, arriving here
three hours late this morning.
FREENO MURDER TRIAL.
Indian Xedieln* Aan Arraigned for
Killing a Child-
FRESNO. Oal.. Nov. 23.— The trial of
Indian Jake for the murder of his two
year-old stepson at the Big Sandy ranch
eria in the mountains lifty miles east of
this city was begun before a jury in Judge
Church's court to-day.
The defendant claims that lie was play
ing with the child and was pokinz him
with the muzzle of tbe gun when it was
accidentally discharged.
The prosecution has another theory.
It is said that Jake, who is about 60 years
of aae, is a "medicine man," and has for
jrean wielded a despotic power over the
tribe. It is believed that he bad a
dislike for his stepson, and thought he
could do away with him without being
called to account, because a "medicine
man" is not accountable for anything.
One of the stepfather's reasons for his dis
like of the boy is said to have been the
lact that the little fellow was a half-breed.
I'ort Angelet Thug* in Jail.
rORT ANGELES, Wash., Nov. 25 —
Martin Waite and Ken Coolidge, sons of
prominent men here, are in jail for at
tempting to rob two Chinamen yesterday.
The boys had been working with mines of
Eist<?rn Washington and were on their
way home, when they reached a Chinese
garden here. Waite, with a pistol in one
hand and a club in the other, ordered the
Celestials to give up their money. The
latter grappled with Waite and succeeded
in tying him with ropes, but the robber
fired and shot one in the hip.
Portland Shaken by a Temblor.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 25. — Seismic
disturbances, lasting for over ten minutes,
were felt in Portland last midnight. The
quakings of intervals of from a half min
ute to a minute, and on tbe east side of
the windows of nouses and dishes in
closets were rattled. Several persons were
awakened by the tremblings.
San. Kafael Hunting Accident.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Nov. 25.— Fred
Shaer, proprietor of the San Rafael Jfark,
was hunting near here to-day with his
nephew, a lad from Los Angeles. Shaer
was aiming his gun at a squirrel when it
was accidentally discharged, the ball
lodging in the boy's Ipg above the knee.
Wanted in btoefcton.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 25— A Stocfcton man
here recently recognizer! in "Jack" Lane a
member of the County Jail gang, one
William McComb, who is wanted in Stock
ton for ootainmi; money under false pre
tenses. An officer arrived from Stockton
to-day and took McComb in charge.
Wedded at *ant* Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 25,-Oscar L.
Bowman of New Castie, Indiana, and
Miss Jennie Pond of Holiister. were
married here to-day, at the residence of
Mrs. Charles Bixby. They left on the
2 p. m. train for San Francisco, en-route to
Indiana.
Rainfall at Tttlare.
TULARE, Cal., Nov. 25.-The rain in
this vicinity has been general and con
tinous. Last night .55 of an inch felj, making
1.20 for the storm. Farmers and stockmen
are not complaining.
rancouvnr Deaerter Captured.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 25.-Roy
McClure, a United States army deserter
from Vancouver barracks, was arrested
here yesterday. He had eloped with a
miner s wife.
Arrirm at San lUego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 25. — The
schooner Lizzie Belle, which left En
senada on Tuesday noon and was in a
storm, arrived to-night alter a hard ex
perience. <£S&B8&$! B ffl&&£ia*&U
- . r ■;; •;. > • ♦ •'• y '■ — ", ■
' The King of Pills U Beecham's— Bkbchax's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
DELUGE DESCENDS
UPON SAN PEDRO
The Southern Seaport Town
Almost Destroyed by
a Cloudburst.
Torrents of Water Rush Down
the Hills and Invade
the Dwellings.
Buildings Are Removed From Their
Foundations and Basements
F ended.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. Nov. 25.— The
beautiful seaport town of San Pedro had a
remarkable experience last night which
almost caused its complete destruction.
San Pedro is built on a sidehill gulch
facing the ocean.
The location has given it excellent drain
age, but it came near being the town's
everlasting ruin. A cloudburst above San
Pedro last night produced such a flow of
water down the hillside as to almost sweep
the place out of existence. Buildings were
removed from their foundations and man)
a resident fonnd his house upon his neigh
bor's lot this morning.
This moving of dwellings and other
buildings caused intense excitement and
great consternation for a short time, but,
strange to say, no person was drowned.
Some of the principal streets were washed
out to a depth of twenty feet and were
veritable creeks thi3 mornincr. The dam
age will amount to about $50,000, and in
some respects is irreparable.
. Basements were all flooded and much
perishable property was destroyed. Tele
graph, telephone and electric light wires
were borne down in every direction, and a
lone section of the Southern Pacific track
was washed out or completely covered
with debris and sand.
A steady rain had fallen all day Tues
day, increasing in the night. At about 11
o'clock there was a cloudburst directly
over tbe city. Tremendous torrents
poured through the Htrnets and forced
entrance to dwellings, driving the panic
stricken people to places of safety. Until
morning pandemonium reigned in tbe
town.
To-day the people have been occupied
in taking an invoice of the damage and
replacing their buildings. Many of these
remained intact and in consequence suf
fered little damage. Others were de
molished and swept away in bits and
pieces.
The waters were largely confined to the
main streets, which have in many in
stances be<?n rendered absolutely impas
sible.
An eyewitness describes the scene dnr
ing the rash of water as a most imposing
and awe-inspiring one. The roar could be
heard for mile? around.
PLATES FO R THE KENTECKY.
Thirteen Carload* '• on the Way From
■:*: Homestead to San i'rnnelteo.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 25.— Thirteen
Harveyized nickel steel armor • plates,
which will be used in the construc
tion of the barbette for the battle-
ship Kentucky were shipped to San
Francisco from Homestead to-day on
thirteen cars especially constructed for
the purpose. Each car contains one armor
plate, which is seventeen inches thick, ten
feet hiph and fourteen feet iong, each
weighing forty-five tons.
Tlie barbette is the largest and heaviest
ever constructed and the plates were com
pleted in a shorter time than was ever
before accomplished.
The thirteen cars will be rushed through
to San Francisco by a special train and are
to be placed in the new battleship at the
earliest time possible under instructions
from the Secretary of the Navy.
Collapte of the Strike In Expected.
LONDON. Exc. Nov. 2T>.— According to
a dispatch from Hamburg to the Central
News work is being carried on upon only
thirty-five vessels out ol 214 now in port
there.
the employers of the dock laborers de
clare that the strike must necessarily col
lapse in a short time, as no assistance in
the shape of funds or support of the
strikers is being received from outside
sources. Bremen and Lubeck officials de
clare that the strike at those ports i 3 al
ready collapsfnp.
THEY CALL US "YANKEES."
Derivation of the Epithet ag Told by
Washington Irving.
Every one is aware that the word ''Yan
kee" is applied abroad indiscriminately to
all citizens of the United States, but it is
used generally as a 'nickname," and not
always in a ccnplim ntary spirit. Our
Spanish friends just at present are doubt
less inclined to employ it in a sneering
and derogatory sense, but. however it
may be used by them or other Europeans,
it has long since ceased to carry with it
the slightest sting of latent satire. From
a term of reproach or ridicule it has be
come to the citizen of the United States a
verbal badge of honor, and is now synony
mous the world over with shrewdness,
enterprise, pluck and achievement.
Its origin is uncertain. According to
one authority "yankees" is a variation of
"yenkees,"or "yeneees,"or "yaunhhees,"
"a name said to have been given by the
Massachusetts Indians to the English col
onists, being, it is supposed, an Indian
corruption of the word English or of the
French Anglais." Washington living, in
his history of New York, explains the de
rivation somewhat differently. The first
settlers oi New England, he says, came to
America "tv enjoy unmolested the ines
timable ri ht of taluing. And. in fact no
sooner did they land upon tbe shore of
this free-spoken country than they all
lifted up thei»»voices and made such a
clamor of tongnes that we are told they
frightened every bird and beast out of the
neighborhood, and. struck such muie
terror into certain fish that they have
been called dumb fish ever since.
"The simple aborigines of the land for
awhile contemplated these strango folk
in utter astonishment, but discovering
that they wielded harmless though noisy
weapons and were a lively, ingenious,
good-humored race of men, they became
very friendly and sociable and gave them
the name Yanokies. which in the Mais-
Tcbusafg (or Massachusetts) language
signifies silent men— a waggish appella
tion, since shortened into tue familiar epi
thet of yankeee."
It bad gained great currency as descrip
tive of the colonists in 1755, when Dr.
Schuckburgh, British surgeon, it said to
have composed the words of Yankee
Doodle" in derision of the Colonial mili
tia, but the tune to which it was set is de
clared by some authorities to have been
popular in England during the Common
wealth, at which period its doggerel
words, it is alleged, also existed and were
applied to Cromwell.
Whatever its ancestry and original sig
nification, it has come in the light uf his
tory and accomplishment to be a desig
nation of which the people of tnis country
have no reason to be ashamed. They have
no objection to being called by a nick
name which is so associated with daring,
skill, energy and triumph that even when
used in derision or anger it creates in the
mind of the very railer or scoffsr a secret
feeling of envy. The Englishman, French
man. German, Russian, Spaniard and the
rest will have to content themselves with
their narrow national appellations, except
on special occasions of merit, when they
show themselves worthy of being deco
rated with the Yankee cross of honor and
being complimented with the title of Eng
lish, or French, or Spanish Yankees. The
suggestion as to the selection of some
olher nickname than "yaniee" may be
wise, but it is not practicable. -Nobody
would ever adopt it here or abroad. Let
us be content with tbe designation as it is.
>\ c can stand it if our Spanish cousins
can.— New York Mail and Express.
NO USE FOR LITE.
Two Old Men to Whom Thankggiving
Held Out No Pleaawnt Thoughts.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— Two old
men to whom life offered no attraction
and who certainly did not look forward to
Thanksgiving with any of the feeling that
should actuate the human heart, passed
away last niijht, one by his own hand, the
other, according to common-law praseol
ogy, "by the hand of God."
Adolph Tuthe, an inmate of tbe County
Infirmary, died early this morning from
laudanum poisoning. He was old and poor
and the thought of living on charity
caused him to be very despondent. Early
yesterday morning Tuthe swallowed about
two ounces ol laudanum, but not until 2
o'clock this morning was hit work com
plete. The inmates of his ward were dis
turbed about midnight by his heavy
breathing. They aroused the physician,
who tried to save the old man's life, but
without success. The deceased must have
got the poison from the outside, as it was
not possible for him to get it from the dis
pensary in the infirmary.
Tuthe was a German by birth, 71 years
of age, and had lived at the county's ex
pense for five years.
Some time last night another old man
sat down on a bench near the Fruitvale
station. No one noticed him and this
morning when he was seen still sitting
there with his cane by his side and bis hat
tipped forward it was thought he was
sleeping.
C. A. Lund when passine noticed that
t tie old man did not breathe. So with the
help of others he laid the body on the side
walk and tried to revive life. Their efforts
were wasted as the man had been dead
some hours. Nothing was in his pockets
which might disclose his identity. His
clothes were well worn, his hair was gray,
and he was about 55 years of age. The
remains are now at the Morgue waiting to
be identified.
BANNISTEE PAILS
The Partner of the Lute A. I>. Starr
Files an Insolvency Petition.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25. — Alfred
Bannister, commission merchant of San
Francisco, residing at Berkeley, filed a
petition in insolvency late this afternoon.
It shows that his debts amount to
$.'3,tj2B 04.
Alfred Bannister was best known as a
partner of the late A. D. Starr in the Starr
Milling Company and he figured for many
months in litigation connected with the
firm in the courts of this county.
The only assets which appear are house
hold furniture nnd personal effects in
Berkeley valued at $500 and which are de
clared to be exempt from execution.
The San Francisco Savings Union is a
creditor for two notes, one of $10,500 and
another of $400, secured by a trust deed to
fifty-three lots in Berkeley.
The insolvent owes G. W. Bannister of
Warren Point, Ireland, $2401; G. Gardiner
of London. England, $5885, and J. Feason
o! San Francisco $1200. There are many
other creditors, but none of their obliga
tions exceed $1000.
The suspension of Alfred Bannister did
not come altogether as a surprise, as for
several months it was known that his
commission-house was struggling against
adverse circumstances.
The Living Poßter Show.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— The ladies
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church gave a very
successful living poster show to-night at
the rooms of the Ebel Society. It was
largely attended and the living posters
were very artistic triumphs.
Father Yorke Honored.
The following communication ia self
explanatory :
HallofSt. Mary's Branch No. 437.C. K. of A. {
San Francisco, CrL, Nov. 24, 1890. j
On motion of Brother A. J. McMahon, ihe fol
lowing resolution was unanimously adopted :
Ectolved. That in appreciation of the great battle
Una Key. i\ C. Yorke has fought and won wiui his
voice and p«*n— a victory onequaled in this coun
try— and for the services rendered by him to iha
catholic Knights of America, a vote of thanks be
tendered to Key. P. C. Yorke, and we recommend
that the Monitor be so ably edits b} declared the
official organ of the Catholic Knights of America
in California. C. J. Nicholas, President.
Jaukj* V. Kane, Recording secretary.
CURED THE MULE.
A Keinedy for Balking That Worked
Like n Charm.
"I was ridinjj along a mountain road in
Eastern Kentucky a few weeks ago," re
marked a traveling salesman to a Wash
ington Star reporter, "when I saw a mule
running toward me with a single-tree
dangling at his heels. With great diffi
culty I succeeded in turning out of his
way, and he continued to go down the
mountain at a lively pace.
"About a mile further on I saw two
front wheels of a spring wagon, and a
short distance away the other wheels and
a wagon box. 1 looked around to see if
the driver had been hurt, but, finding no
one, drove on.
"In a few minutes I met a man walking
down the road rather hastily. 'Stranger,'
he queried, 'didyo' see a mewl down thar?'
'• "Yes.' '
" 'Did he hey a rag over 'is year?'
" 'I didn't see any.'
" 'Waal, it's all right, I reckon Vll atop
when he gits flustered out, an' I reckon
Vs cured.'
" 'What is he cured of?' I asked.
" 'Balkin'. Yo' see, I had heerd thet a
grasshopper put in th' year o' a boss or
mewl 'd cure 'im from baikin', so I tied a
rag over th 1 critter's year so it couldn't git
out, cotched a grasshopper, put 'im in an'
stranger, it's the best remedy I ever seed.
Th' mewl didn't giv me time to git in th'
wagon. I never did see a mewl so
sprightly. I reckon th' hopper's got out
now, an I'll go on an' cotch th'j mewl.' "
Bicycl|ng Not a "Craze."
It is an error to call bicycling a "craze."
It is something very different from that
The simple fact is that the human race
has discovered a new power for its own
use. From the earliest dawn ol civiliza
tion man has been experimenting with
the wheel, which he invented to increase
his powers of locomotion. Finally he has
hit upon a device which makes his own
body the source of power. He has placed
wheels upon his feet and as a result finds
his powers of locomotion multiplied by five
and even ten. Instead of walking liveor ten
mile» with more or less effort and fatigue,
he finds himself traveling ten, twenty,
fifty, and even a hundred miles, according
to his physical vigor and experience, with
little perceptible fatigue and with a most
delightful sense of animation. He bas be
come master of hi.« new power — tbe most
valuable he has acquired since he learned
to walk — and it is henceforth a part of his
equipment for his struggle with life. It is
probable that having once become pos
sessor of a power like this the human race
is going to abandon it? As well might we
expect it to abandon railways, ana gas,
and electricity.— The Forum.
Between the systems of Willis, In 1602,
and Pitman, 1837. there were 201 systems
of shorthand published, and since that
date there have been 2SI. making a total
of 482.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SEA HOLDS
FAST ITS DEAD
Futile Search for Bodies
of the San Benito
Victims.
Survivors Are En Route to San
Francisco on the Point
Arena.
Ranchers and Townspeople Busily
Engaged in Carrying Away
Wreckage.
POINT AREXA, Cal., Nov. 25.— The
steamer Point Arena, from Mendocino for
San Francisco, put in here at 12:30 o'clock
this afternoon, three hours and a half
ahead of her usual time. She has on
board the thirty-seven survivors, includ
ing Captain Smith, of the wrecked steamer
San Benito and left for San Francisco at
2:30 o'clock. When the steamer tied up
a dozen firemen, coal-passers and seamen
marched the mile up the hill from the
wharf to the town to see the sis survivors
at the hotel here. They carried at the
head of their little procession the rem
nants of the flag of the San Benito, which
fluttered as cheerfully as it could under
the circumstances. Only about half of
ibe flag remained. The other half had
been blown away before it was rescued.
It is a white flag with the name of the
steamer in big, red letters, but the name
on the flag is cut in two amidship, as tbe
steamer was. All the letters that remain i
are "San B."
There was a hearty handshake between
those brawny men when they met at the
hotel. They did not say much; the grip
of the hand expressed much more than
they spoke.
A small party from town went out to
the wreck at an early hour this morning
to look along the shore for bodies. None
were found. The vessel lies between the
moutbs of Brush and Alder creeks, and
they went up as far as tbe latter— about
two miles. The current in the bite sets
that way, and it is thought that when the
sea becomes calm tbe bodies will be found
near the mouth of Alder Creek.
The sun was shining to-day, but a stiff
northward gale was blowing outside, the
wind being very cold. The vessel still
stands as stie broke in two, with mighty
seas rushing over her. Both pieces are
firmly embedded in the *<and and do not
roll a particle. It is considered a wonder
thpt the wreck has held up so well against
the onslaught of the heavy seas. Small
parties along the shore are carrying away
the wreckage that is thrown on the
beach. When the sea moderates there
will be a ru.<h of small boats, loaded with
rancners and townspeople, ior the wreck
lor the large quantities of hams, bacon,
canned meats and other provisions and
things known to be on board.
JUST BEFORE THE COLLISION.
The Thought* That Flash Through the
Engine Man's Brain.
There is something attractive about rail
road life to the man who once enters it.
The railroad companies rarely give up* a
reliable, faithful man. He may become
maimed and unlit for the most remunera
tive positions and be forced to accept t^ome
humbler place with a smaller salary at
tached to it, but it is an unwritten law
with most of the great railroad corpora
tions that the man who is injured in their
service shall be placed in some position
where he may obtain his livelihood.
Thus it may happen that when you fall
in conversation with the man who occu
pies a humble switch house or a flagman's
shanty, you are talking with one who has
had nis share of excitement, and been
through experiences that would make the
hair of the average man stand upon end.
A reporter met a switchman the other
day, the pathos of whose life was ex
pressed in the wooden leg which he nsed,
and as the Empire dashed by he looked up
aud said :
"Yes, I like railroading. I have been in
the business all my lite, and expect to
soend the rest of my days over the rails, j
but I am quite content to remain here in !
my little cottage and tend to my flagging
ruttier than have the position of the man
who noids the throttle on that bin engine
which just whizzed by here. You may
think it a snap to sit there and ride over
the country at the rate of a mile a minute, '
but I tell you that man carries a loaa of |
responsibility on his shoulders which I j
would not want on mine, and which tbe
average man knows v ry little about. I i
know something of it, f6r I was fireman ;
some years ago on one of the fast engines, I
and lost my leg in an accident between I
here and Aiuany. But if I had come out
of that accident as you are I never snou'd
have been able to hold my nerve for any
more fast trips. That finished me for
that work."
"Then if a man has been hurt in a rail
road ccklent it makes him scary of that
kind of work, does it?" asked the re
porter.
"You bet it does," answered the switch
man with emphasis, "and don't let any
one fool you that it don't. The man who
was running that engine the day I was
hurt escaped with hardly a scratch, but
he never could keep his time up tbe wav
he dia before thai, and finally was put on
a freight engine where the running was a
great deal slower.
"1 shall never forget the way he looked
the afternoon the smash-up occurred.
Just before the crash came 1 looked at
him. We were rounding a curve down by
ncuenectady. Hh long gray hair was
flowing in the breeze, bib face set and his
eyes fixed on the track ahead.
"All at once he jumped to his feet and
reversed the lever and exclaimed in a
startled tone. 'My God, we are caught!'
It was probably not more than half a min
ute after when I was lying beneath the en
gine with my Jeg crushed, ut'eriy uncon
scious of the fact that a wreck had oc
curred, but every movement and occur
rence of that half minute is as vividly im
pressed upon my mind as if it had taken
weeks of time to impress it there.
"As he MDOfce I looked through the cab
window ahead of us, and there, within
twenty robs, was a freight engine coming
straight at us, and there was no possible
chance to escape a crash. The engineer
was dcing his duty. I knew that. He
was reversing his lever, applying the
brakes and doing his best to avert what
he knew was inevitable, but I bad nothing !
to do. and it seemed as if everything in my
life was before me in those few seconds. I
felt absolutely sure I was going to die.
Strange as it may seem, the thought did
not seem horrible to me. A whole lot of
the slang sayings, sue . as 'You are learn
ing to fire here in this world, so as to be
prepared for the next,' and 'You won't
mini a not job over there,' and a number
of those state things which a fireman has
to take, came into my head, and even in
that awful position it occurred to me in a
sort of humorous way that I had made a
good start here below, or here above, as l
might say. The next moment I was
thinking of mv wife and children, yes
and of mother, too, who had been dead a
number of years. A man always thinks
of his mother at such a time. But I don't
think I had a particle oi fear of death.
The last thing that was on ivy rtind was
the question, Who was to blame for the
accident? and that is the last I remember.
"When I came to my senses I wa3 in a
hospital and was minus a Jeg. Since then
I have been constantly employed one way
and another by the railroad company;
but I never see one of tbe fast trains go by
without thinking of that wreck. The en
gineer miraculously escaped with scarcely
a bruise, but it finished him for that kind
ol work. He was always seeing engines
ahead of him after that, and I have heard
that more than once he had slowed up his
train in order not to collide with an imag
inary engine, <vhicb I have no doubt was
as real to him as it was on the afternoon
the wrecK I speak of occurred. As I said
before, be was transferred to a freight en
gine, but even there he was timid, and
finally left the road altogether.
"You can put it down a3 a pretty sure
tbing that when an engineer has been in
an accident once he is minus a good share
of the nerve which it takes to make his
runs on time to the tick, and if he isn't on
time he has got to go, sooner or later." —
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
NOW FOR LUMINOUS GOWNS.
A Scientist Discovers v Powdrr That
Slakes Dress Gooda Shine at Night.
A startling revolution in fashionable
dresomakiug has been made possible by
the recent discovery in France of a highly
luminous powaer, by the use of which the
most elaborate toiiets of the past will be
eclipsed, says the New York Herald.
The new discovery applied to dress
making makes possible a perfectly be
wildering variety of effects. The dis
covery, recently announced in Paris, was
made by M. Henry, a French scientist.
Tbe principal ingredient of this magical
powder is sulphate of zinc, which, it is
generally known, possesses the power ol
absorbing light and giving it bade in the
dark.
M. Henry has succeeded in manufactur
ing, at trifling expense, a powder which
can produce almost any color of the rain
NEW TO-DAY. ■■• ■ : ■•■-,.
miilTi-Mill
INSTITUTE.
LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE, 3 EDDY STREET.'-
-$5.00 RATE FOR ALL DISEASES.
mHIS IS A NEW MEDICAL INSTITUTE. IT IS EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE
: - 1 - modern scientific methods known to the medical world, and combines "simultan-
eously the curative virtues of both medicine and electricity in the treatment and cure
of diseases. In this manner quick and most surprising results are obtained in cases
that have heretofore resisted all the usual modes of treatment. ' [ •■• ~
DOCTOR W. KINGSTON VANCE.
The physician-in-chief of the Institute is Doctor W. Kingston Vance, the eminent
London Specialist. . He is a graduate of some of the most famous medical colleges of
the Old World, and has had an extensive experience in many of the largesfand most
renowned hospitals of Europe. His education and training are such as to make him
peculiarly well qualified to successfully treat all patients who place themselves in hit
care. "■' ' ■-.*. • ' . •
FREE X=RAY EXAMINATIONS.
In the diagnosis and treatment of diseases the physicians of the Institute have to
aid them every modern device known to the medical world - including the X-Ray
The X-Ray apparatus ot the Institute is the largest and best ever brought to the
Coast. Scientific examinations are made for all by Doctor Vance with the X-Ray
absolutely free of charge where sucii examinations are deemed beneficial.
ELECTRICITY. V
The electric appliances of the Institute are of the best and include every known
modern device for administering electric treatment, and such treatment is given 1A
conjunction with medicines when deemed advisable.
ELECTRIC BE3LTS
FROM $a.oo UP
Guaranteed Equal to the Best Belts in the Market. \
nciaT he US? ° f theSe belt 3 Will be recommended only when they are considered bene-
DISEASES OF of every description, including: especially all
the dociors of the Institute .Tl:eviin cure you. ' delay ' CO " SUU
RJS?^SiS"*ttS^.^i^^ d 1>o!son - Sc K rofu!a ' Sores Ulcers
RIIK:iJ^IA r ri«-«r Wh^i ot skin and blood aiaaa-es, absolutely cured,
lar, "r?d a" b? mag.c oy^ie JJmhin^l / $™ '™ ? lam&toT *> " atlca or muscu-
only at the S.ateE^cfrS-jFedical iTis.itute - *"* electric treatment to be had
tion^fbf&d^
by the doctors of the l!fsti:ute ' ' fctOne ' all accurately treated and cured
stituie^fe^tpp^ lftel? > a ,S OWEILS - T , he State Electro-Medical In-
tricity, which enables it to prommlv and cUtS f ! n Medici »c. Bur«.ry and ; Elec-
ach, liver and bowels Promptly and permanently cure all diseases of the stom-
are ' M Its symptom,
and permanently cured at "hlllnsSSu J. lon * ; - r |?. c .. o ! d « t * ld . cases are quickly
drainaTervousTebu?" 11 . ; frOm failin£ t manhood, weakness- of organs, exhausting
atndv ! ?nin « , y ' alOfWbichim airboth bod and brain and unfit 'one for
agents and airrTT' WUh unfailing success. Special > and Kidney
oidkUrcailSw l C StltUtlonal rubles, Rupture, Piles. Varicocele and riyarocele
quickly cured without pain or detention from business. ■ ; * ,/y /
STATE iSIiIILISTITIJTE,
■>* 3 Eddy Street, San Francisco, Cat
bow. It is impervious to moisture, Is nat
i affected by carbolic or any weak acid and
I is therefore absolutely permanent and
I durable.
Tiie importance of such a pigment to
j dressmakers can hardly be overestimated.
A woman cyclist, her gown dusted all over
! with this powder, would be tianslormed
i into a moving, shimmering figure of light
on the darkest night.
The refulgent light could not be extin
! guished by the hardest rain. It would be
I visible not only for a considerable distance,
! hut wonid shed' a soft glow over every -
I thing around. A wheelwoman equipped
| in this way would never be in danger of
i being arrested for riding without a lamp.
The most attractive use of the new
I powder yet discovered is in making lace
< worn on black dresses luminous. A
j special powder which produces a 30ft pearl
I light has been recently used for this pur
i pose in Paris. The effect of bands and
; festoons of this soft light upon a black
dress is said to be bewitching. When
such a costume is worn by a wheelwoman
! this remarkable luminous lace fluttering
I and swaying in the breeze produces a very
beautiful effect.
There is at present a house in tbe Rue
de Longcbamps, Paris, where a wnidow*
j less suite of rooms is lighted by this pow
; der. Everything in the apartments is
I covered with it, and a number of striking
i color effects have been introduced. The
j apartments seem bathed in moonlight and
the curtains appear as if studded with
I glowworms. - _
The furniture is rubbed with the pow
| der, and the walls and ceiling, treated
with it, radiate light. The play of light
on all these colored objects produces an
! effect suggestive of the most fanciful con-
I ception of Aladdin's magical underground
i palace.
There are about 100 cooking schools in
Germany and Austria. No proprietor of
a first-class hotel in those countries will
engage a chef unless he has a diploma
from one of the schools.
The language of Greece to-day, allowing
for the changes which would naturally be
brought about during the centuries, is
substantially the same as the language
used by Demosthenes and Pericles.CALIFORNIA.
THE GREAT GAME TO-DAY.
Stanford University and the University
of California will meet at Central Park
this afternoon to battle in their sixth an
nual match for the football championship
of the Western college world.
Both elevens are In good condition to
play the game of their lives. Both are
confident of victory. The thousands of
partisans of both teams are also well satis
fied with the prospects for their favorites
and will be on hand to see the grand
spectacle and participate in the wild en
thusiasm. Over 7000 reserve J-seat tickets
had been sold up to last night. It is snfo
to say that the attendance will exceed that
at any other outdoor athletic event in the
history of the West
Game will be called at 2:30 o'clock, but
for fully two hours before that time the
grounds will be occupied by thousands of
spectators, early on band in order not to
WHO THE CHOSEN PLAYERS ARE.
THK BLUE AND GOLD.
Captain O. AY. Ransome will serve his college
for the fourth year as fullback. Coming from
the Oakland High School in 1892 a good foot
bal'.-player he was at once put on the Varsity,
and has maintained his place continuously,
having lined up already against the cardinal
four times— in three regular intercollegiate
Thanksgiving games and in the freshman
garae of '92.
His work has been characterized throughout
his football career with such brilliancy that
when it came to elect a successor to Captain
Sherman Ransome was pre-eminently the man
for the place.
His kicking has been a feature of every game
he bas entered, though in the last intercol
legiate it was not up to standard because of a
serious sprain ot the right knee whlc'u he sus
tained a lew days beiore the game.
He has met with the same im>fortune again
this season, and for a time grave duubts were
expressed as to whether he would be able to
play to-morrow, but despite his indispqsition
he will enter the eaine. and to win, for he says
that it will be the lest chance of his iife, as he
grnduates next May.
Berkeley's captain has just reached his ma
jority; he stands G feet in his stockings and
will enter the game weighing ISS pounds
stripped.
Sterling D. Carr, center, is ia his twentieth
year, stands 5 feet 11 inches and weighs 180
pounds. He has played football for a number
of years, having captained the Berkeley teßm
during his senior year. While there he played
at tackle and at half, filling each position
equally well.
Last year, which was his freshman year ac
the university, he plnyed half in the freshman
intercoilogiate match and Inter substitute in
the same position on the Varsity. His work
on the Berkeley gridiron has always been
characterized by a remarkable amount of
d«sh and energy. It was these qualities which
won for him the position of center on this
year's team, together with hi< extraordinary
development ot neck and shoulder muscles.
For a time much doubt was expressed as to
whether Carr would make the team, but his
development was so rapid and his knowledge
of the game grew so fast :het he beat out iv
the race for the place lour other men, each of
whom was much heavier than himseit. He
gets into play* remarkably well for a man who
has not. practiced the position ior more than a
I fortnight. His passing,
! however, is inaccurate,
j especially witli a slip
py ry bail.
J. M. Walthall, left
guard, is another Var
sity player who served
the blue and gold in
1895. He stands ii feet
3 inches in height,
weighs 195 pounds.and
is in his twenty-fifth
year. Though but a
player of two years' ex
perience his football
career has been markea
with the lines of liat
teriug success. He
commenced 'aityeara
green pleyer, but so
rapid was his develop
ment into Varsity form
that he beat out all op
i pnents for his place.
In the game he was
■ distinguished for I.ls
! cool-headedi.ess and a
■ determination to Keep
I the man opposite from getting the better of
I him. Though not an especially aggressive
I player, he hoids back bin opponent with much
1 success. Though he has been over from the
I law colleere for ouly a lew days this season, he
; has rounded into fairly good form. Having
j done hnrd manual labor all summer, he was
:in training when he came over. Most of his
j time has been sDent in learning the signals
and getting back his wind.
F. 0. Greisberg, who will play right guard.
is a member of the class of '99, and has had
but two seasons of football experience. Last
year he played center on the freshmen team,
and was a prime factor in running ud the score
of 44 to 0 against the Palo Alto team. He
stands 6 feet in height, weighs 195 and is 22
years of age. He is strong and active,
but has a tendency to loaf in his
position. He is slow to line up aud slow to get
down the field through his men. Greisbcrg is
n good tackier, seldom failing to bring down
hi< mr.ll in his tracks. While unaggressive,
he seldom allows his opponent to pass him
until the clanger point has been passed. As to
muscular strength and solidity he prot>ably
excels any other man on the team, and in con
sequence is possessed of great endurance and
staying qualities.
R. H. Ludlow, right tackle, is a sophomore.
His preparatory truimng was received at the
}ms -Angeles High School, where ne played for
two years at guard. At present he weighs 185
pounds and is in his twenty-firnt year. Lust
season he gave his opponents a hard race for
tuck!", but was beat out by Reinhardt and
Simpson. From the becinnine of the present
season he haR had a "cinch" on the Varsity
!as the boys all say. Whether Butterwcrrtti
would finally decide to put him at tackle or at
BUiirU wns a mooted question. For about ten
days Ludlow was first played at one position
and then the other.
Finally it wa« settled that he should play
tackle ax a mate to Simpson. He is conscien
tious and painstaking in lii« work, but stiil he
has many rough edges to work oIV. He is tlow
in lining up n:ni in getting through to break
up interference. While a last runner and
quick to get down the Held on kicks, he noes
not teckie well, in most cases getting his man
too high. He has been quite as fortunate as
any other man on the team in escaping serious
injuries during the practice season, and as a
consequence he has been able to play through
out the entire time.
F. W. Simpson, who will play left tackle, is
in his twenty-fourth year, weighs 182 pounds
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
miss the excitement, the rival yells, the
colleere songs, the university bands and
to see and enjoy all the side plays ex
pected of and incident to a mingling of
hundreds of rival collegians before the
supremo event of their college year.
Srveral entrances from different streets
have been provided in order to accommo
date the crowd in entering and leaving the
grounds. Hundreds of feet of additional
graml stands have been erected and all
made secure beyond the possibility of ac
cident. There are seats for 15,000 persons.
The mmimum char^o of admission is $1,
moH ot the reserved seats having already
gone at $1 50, |2 and $2 50 each, according
to location.
Two thirty-five minute halves will be
played with an intermission of ten min
utes between the halves.
For game officials the two universit7
managers have agreed upon Harvey of
and stands 5 feet and 7 inches in height, lie
entered college last year as a special student,
entirely ignorant of the first principles of foot
ball, but after a short time he began to show
great aptitude for th» game, and by the end of
the season was in Varsity form, and would
have made the first eleven, hud he not been
disqualified from entering the intercollegiate
on account of study requirements.
He was ranked as the star nlayer of tie '99
freshman team last season. Returning to the
gridiron again this season he has practiced
steadily and is now In fairly good condition,
though his play has not been characterized
by the snap and energy which marked bis
wonk lest season. There is not a speedier
player in the team man Simpson, though he
becomes , erratic at times. In to-morrow's
game he promisea to give Thomas a hard rub.
W. F. .YcNutt, 97, who will play left end,
has won his place through only one season's
work. , He commenced playing . about six
weeks ago and has been out every night since.
Having payed on the Cogswell Institute team
In his "'prep" days, he was not altogether a
novice at the game. He did a little lootball
work in his freshman year, but did not come '
out as a Varsity candidate until this season.
He is in his twenty-first year, weighs 102
pounds and stand; 5 feet 8 inches in height.
.1. \V. Crate, '99, lett end, is just 19 years of
age. He weighs 155 pounds and is 5 feet 8
Inches in height. In his freshman year he
played a little, but did not gain much dis
tinction. His hard, conscientious and untir
ing wort won for. him the place this season,
though, he had a hot rival in Hopper, lie
promises to give Jeff?, the Stanford crack end,
a hard time to-morrow.
Kugene Kennedy will play quarter again
this season. He began his career in the San
Francisco Boys' High School, where he played
quarter also. During his first two years in
college he was oscillated between quarter and
half, but in his junior year he maae the latter
place on the Varsity. He is said to be playing
his olace as well as any other miinon the coast.
Kennedy is just ill, \veigl:s 150 pounds and
stands 5 fee*. 0 inches in height.
Eddie Sherman, '97, who nas been reckoned
Matches Stanford. California.
March 19, 1892 ...14 10
December 17, 1892 1O 10
Thanksgiving, 189.'» G - .: .C /
Thanksgiving, 1894.... 6 O
Thanksgiving, 1895.... G G
Thanksgiving, 1896 ..
AS THE TEAMS WILL FACE EACH OTHER.
as one of the best players at Berkeley, but who
is not now in the be^t of condition, owing to
several recent severe bruises, will play rißht
half. It was lie who so successfully captaiued
the team last year and who made' one of the
most brilliant plays of the day in breaking
through Stanford's heavy line for thirty-live
yards. Sherman weighs 140 pounds, Is 21
years old and sfnn<lß 5 feet 7 Inches.
Percy W. Hall. '99, comes in for the other
half. He has a football career which makes
up in brilliancy what it lacks in length. He
was disqualified from playing lan year be
cause of study requirements, tut since he has
come within the law his place in the team has
been a certainty. There is no man in ihe
team who is more sound or in bel
ter condition for hard, fast playing than
Hall. He gives great promise of becoming a
second Kansome and from him great things
are expected tc-morrow. He is 23 years of
age, weighs 16S pounds and stands G feet in
height.
Following wlli be the substitutes: Center,
Birdsall; guard, Castlehun; tackles, Avory
mid Mclsaacs; end, Hopper; quarter, bonder
and Haskell ; half, Whipple; full, Auderson.
THE CARDINAL.
The following information may be of public
interest concerning the individuals of the
Stanford team:
Ju her center, T. M. Williams, best known to
his friends as "Old Heff" (after Hefieinnger)
Stanford centers her hopes. Williams Is a
West Virginian, but not the least bit like the
characteristic Southerner— quick in big move
ments and easily aroused to ire. He is just the
opposite, being deliberate in his speech as in
his actions; good-natured to a degree almost
unpardonable in a football player, but that
doesn't seem in the least to injure Heff's play
ing. Once get him into a game and ho is a
different man. He goes into a p!ny with bull
dog tenacity and his enormous strength
makes light work of any but a skilled and
sturdy opponent. William* has the reputa
tion of being the best cente- on the coast, not
only for his lair, clean, hard playing at cen
ter, buifor bis reliability in emergencies and
his tine tackling. He is very strongly built
and is a terror at pushing his way througl) a
line, as he piays right down on the ground.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology to
act as umpire, Hinculey of West Point to
act as referee and Ames of Wejt Point to
act as linesman.
The total stripped weight of the Stan
ord team as it will go on the field is 1943
pounds, that of the California eleven 189G
pounds. Stanford's seven linemen weigh
1262 pounds and California's 1254 pounds.
In the evening the California team and
its supporters will witness at the Audi
torium an original farce, pro luced by Ber
keley student talent. Tiie Stanford team
and enthusiasts of the cardinal will assem
ble at the California Theater to witness a
burlesque entitled "Tue Macbeths of
tferkeley," in which the best Palo Alto
student talent will participate. The rolays
for each of the university performances
were written by two clever alumni, who
together edit Josh, the intercollegiate
weekly. -
He is 2.5 years old; height, 5 feet 11 inches;
stripped weight. ISti pounds. He played his
first football at S nnford and made the Varsity
ln>t year. He is now a senior and has an ex
cellent record In his majur study— physiology.
To Williams' left is Captain anil Guara
Charles M. Fickeri. There is no man on lier
team that Stanford would be willing to trust
more to than di^.nt Fickert, for he is a giant,
being G feet 1} 2 inches in his stocking feet ana
tipping the beam stripped at 195 pounds.
He is a native son, hailing from Kern County,
near Tehachapi, and is a wonderfully strong
man physically. Accustomed from ills child
hood to outdoor lif * and exercise ho has built
up a muscular physique that makes him a
model guard, lie ulavs low, and rivals Bert
Oliver of the Reliance team in the way begets
Into interference. At tockiing he is as sure
as any man who will play on the team.
and when once he gets h'r>ld of a runner he
never falls to bring him down. This is Fick
ert's third year on the Varsity, and In both
previous Intercollegiate matches he has dis
tinguished hlmselt. In the first game he
blocked Kansome's kick and made it possible
for Stanford to score; In the game last year he
held Berkeley's pet, "Strong Man TluJikett "
to a standstill and easily outplayed him
Walter ramp had great admiration for Fidk
ert as a player ana recommended him to Crots
as a man who "never tired or sot hurt and
who played with greater and greater vigor as
the game became closer and harde-." In the
game to-day Fickert says he will try to prove
thtu because a man is captain that responsi
bility need not interfere with the strength of
his game nor his ability as a player Fickert
is a junior aud his major study is history
Williams' right hand man is Guard Na
thaniel A. Carle, '98. of Seattle, Wa.«n. Fickert
Williams and Carle form what Stanford be
lieves-will prove an invincible center. Carie
is the heaviest man on the team, weighing at
the present time 213 pounds stripped and
standing six feet in his stockings. This is
Carle's second year on tho Stanford team and
he is putting ud a stronger game now than he
did at any time last year. He is very light on
his feet and active as a cat. His first football
was plnyed in Seattle as hHlfback, the yiear be
fore no entered Stanford. The man who plays
opposite Carle has no picnic, but is likelvto
»>e kept pretty busy during the game. Carle
is 21 years of age and has a high record as a
student. Ills major study is mechanical en
gineering. .
.1. B. Rice '97 of Panta Barbara is left tackle
His long practice at the game under Couches
Bliss, Camp and Cross has given Irtm a com-
plete mastery O f its
principles, and lately
nis work has improved
wonderiully i-i charac
ter. Long kept on the
second team becnuse
of his lighter weight
in comparison with his
Ciaut nvalH for ihe po
sition ol tackle, he dis
placed during the last
wte^v by eve. one play
ing bigHarrington.wtio
was subsiqmn'lv too
severely injured to be
serviceable as an alter
nate in the game. Rice
is the wit of thecollego
and as guch is very
ippular. No Stanford
player ever had a tet
ter record for ham
conscientious work. He
slashes through the
line well and is one of
the best tackles at
Stanford. He Is a hard
man to block ami he
rnnswell with the ball. Rice is 21 years old,
6 feet b!i inches in height, weighs" stripped
170 pounds, and is studying to be a geologist.
C. A. Thomas, Stanford's right tiiekle, lins
played for three years on ihe Stanford second
eleven and in most all positions. He has had
experience as center, us guard, as tackle ana
Iml (tack. No player has worked more faith
fully to win a place on the team, and he
should prove a valuable man to the eleven.
When he trios hard Thomas is a most effective
player, but he cannot always be depended
upon. Occasionally nls gome is as strong and
vigorous as could be asked: then again he
fails to come up to the mark at critical times
Lately be has gradually forged to the front as
a man who Imd overcome ins faults. When
Cotton was taken out of the line Tnoraas was
put into his "lace, and he has shown himsell
well able to hold i!. His home is in Los An
geles. He entered the university with '97
taking electrical engineering for amajor. He
is two inches over six feet in height and
weighs 182 pounds stripped. His first football
experience was had at Belmont School.
Herbert R. Straight, the Varsity right end,
is a conscientious, hard player. This is ins
first year on the Varsity and practically the
first year that he has devctcd any attention 10
the game, though vow in his senior year. lie
is a strong man at breaking up interference
for his weight and strength stand him in good
stead. At tackling he is regarded us sure and
hard: he uses his head well in following tho
ball ana is counted on for gains if entrusted
with the pigskin. He is a trifle Blow for nn
end, but plays tne game lor ah he is worth
Straight is 21 years of age; height 5 feet 16
inches; weight 10t» pounds stripped; major
subject, economics. He is a Pennsyivanian by
residence.
The position of leftend is in the hands of
Alexander S. Jeffs, who is doing his s*><!ond
year on the Varsity. He is f;om Kent, Wash
and entered Stanford with the cla»* of '98
taking law as his major. He is 22 years old .">
feet 7 inches in height, and is weighing 102
pounds stripped ut present. Jeffs played hi"
first footbHll with the Pacific. University of
Oregon as halfback mid end. Last year he did
valuable service for Stanford in the inter
collegiate match in preventing many lodr
gains round his end. Thi* year rheumatism
during the early part of the season ana subse
quent injury prevented much training on his
Continued on Eleventh Page,
STANFORD.
• ' - .-.-•■■ KEMP TO-DAY— DRT r,OOT)<!
SPECIAL MORNING SALEf
AT THE MAZE |
Friday, 9 to 12 A. M. ¥
- -*--• Shy: >-»--g Si
?T" 5^5 — ~"~
9 We propose a series of morning: sales com- 9
X mencing Friday. The object is to induce more 9
Jf morning trade. We propose to offer the most Jf
Jf staple articles in the Dry Goods line during: 9
X' the morning hours at half afternoon prices and X
flf see if that will induce the ladies to come out a fl 1 L
,i little earlier. We must have more morning | (l
<ff occupation. fl
I-"" The Grand I
I Toy Department ]|l
Is now open in our basement salesrooms. We have everything in the Toy i
I* I world. We sent our department manager East this summer to place ..im
'9? import orders so as to be abie to undersell every concern handling toys ' ? '
<Oo in this city. If we don't do it bring ours Dack and we'll give you your J!
- money • back. Give us a call. Stored free and delivered Christmas if T
Ii 1 . bought now. . ■ ; :; ;;^ ' :4$
ill FRIDAY MORNING' SALE, 9TO 12. I
{ , & 42 and 52 inch Silk and Wool Mixed Dress Fabrics; the 42-inch are double- i 1 ,
|B faced, one side is a stripe, the other a mixture. We sold the 52-inch n
T ' goods at 75c; we thought it good nonest value at 75c. For three hours n
I we cut the price in two and say 35c. .. * 1
iM . . — ■ — — : : — — • it
![ Tan Jackets, $3.00. "'
],(' For three hours we will sell the latest cut Tan Kersey Jacket for $3, ||5
♦hat is providing they last that long; there are 50 of them on sale. The fl
j price is absurd, but we want to draw you into our store Friday morning, i i
ooa if yon never come again. " $9 >
¥ Swansdown Flannelette, ioc. ¥
jf \ TLe wholesale price of these ara 13c, the rptail price is 15c. For three \
t% hours Friday morning our price will Le 10c. - It's to draw you down- €
X stairs. ,2
8 SATURDAY IQRIiWS SALE, T TOITI
X 2=Clasp Kid Gloves, 75c. x
Jf4% The $1 25 quality. If we are not too busy will tit them; ,if we are, will /*L
V' not. In 'he afternoon will be regular price. 'y
X WATCH SUNDAY PAPERS FOR MONDAY X
X MORNING SALES. Pass by our store. Our X
X big windows will show what's on sale two X
X days before the event. A
MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
I . AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
I with each package of
I CIGARETTES
|jj , AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE
I A COLLECTION OF BUTTONS
j X WITHOUT COST.
. . • . • - - . ...  .......
1 '
(SyTjiyC Vflll "'ore Tnrcat. Pimples. .Copper- %i
! MMIA?£ lUU colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. m
i •MUlccra In llouth. Hair-Kail!:;;;! Write COCIi.s3
■BLUESY CO., RO7 KLasonic TctnpleJ^J
■■Chicago, "■ 111., for proo.s of ceres. Cap!- fl
B£t»l. &500,000. Worst cases cured la 16 93
Who 35 dityi. * 100-pago book fro. ' -' ; 9i
| ANTI EXPIRA :
REMOVKS FKTID ODOR ANT) RESTORES. i
the stein of the foot to a HKALTMV condi-
! tion In ten to thlriy days. Does noicioso t lie pores.
[ DB. KM «J. WILLIAMS, 1151 Market St.,
| fcau Francisco, llootus 1 and '2. ■ ■' : • '
Oppression/Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
, _ . CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA &CO.
. SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS. .
JBS7 WHCOX COMPOUND
rANSY9PIUS
I Safe and tare relief, never fail, utnera
ere imitations. At all druggists. Write fur
Woman* Safeguard FREE. WILCOX MSDI-
. cuts Co., &4 to, Eigntasc, I'Uluaa., tfc
56
THUR5DAY.........! NOVEMBER 26, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOWTRIDQE.
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free: ,
Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Pally «nd Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call; six months, by mail., 3.00
Pally ai.ri Sunday Cam., three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall.. 1.50
V. ttiLLY Call, one year, by mall 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California. !
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone....... Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: . '
C 27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
F JfO o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock. |
733 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock. •
tNV. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
trull 9 O'clock.
£618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 --Jiiiii street; open until 9 o'clock.
* Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
£08 Broadway.
EASTERN, OFFICE:
Booms SI and Si.', M I'ark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THIT CALL~£PEAKS FOR ALL.
Give thanks and be merry.
Sweet is sunshine after rain.
Don't miss the football match.
Conditions are good and prospects are
better.
Will Berkeley win or Stanford? That is
the question.
May everybody have a turkey appe tite
and also the bird.
For every party to-day there is plenty of
turkey and no crow.
Those who have done most for charity
Will have most joy in the feast
Even the man who gets the goose to
day will have no occasion for k.cking.
Lst us hope tbat even Tom Watson will
be rilled with content and satistied to-day.
Protection to industry is assured and
there is joy in the home of the working
man.
The ciimate pronmed yesterday it would
do its duty to-day and make everything
lovely.
The early rains gixe us a fair assurance
of coming crops and all things are pro
pitious to the thankfulness of the day.
It was the Republican victory that
assured prosperity, but the rejoicing is
National and the feasting is for every
body.
If the hope of heing elected in 1900 adds
any cheer to Bryan's Thanksgiving to-day
there will be uo objection to his indulg
ing it.
Mark Hanna wants no cabinet pud
ding. He gets his deserts in the approval
of the people for a difficult duty abiy and
nobly do:.e. %
The Vallejo papers made a combined
right against gambling in that city and
have won. The games have stopped ana
the gamblers are going.
Ihe people of the United States wers
never in a bett-r humor for a festival than
at this time, and it is doubtful if there is
turkey enoueh in the country to satisfy
the demand.
California produces neither egg 9, chick
ens, cheese nor butter enough to supply
her own people, and it will be seen, there
fore, that rural induslry has lots of room
for development.
Arizona was a little sorry over the defeat
of the silver party, but she rejoices in the
rise in the price of copper, and wiil have
her share in the ThanksyiviuE along with
the rest of the country.
There has been no fake on our part In
tiie airship story. There is some caus*
for tbe strange lights which so many peo
ple have seen and The Call can be
counted on to find it out.
The newspapers of every section of the
State renort good prospects for all indus
tries and show cleariy that the people
have a more cheer. ul feeling than has been
known ioi a long time past.
There is danger that the State editors
feasted so fully at Vallejo that they will
not be able to do jus:ice to the home tur
key, and we may hear complaints from
the interior before the weetj is over.
The heroism displayed during the wreck
ing of the San Banito is another evidence
of the courage of American sailors and
attest* once more that vhe virtue of man
hood is always equal to whatever danger
comes.
The very fact that so many reputable
people believe they have seen an airship
is a proof the world is ready for that in
vention, and when the public is weli pre
pared for anything it is never long before
it comes.
The Denver Times cordially indorses the
movement for tne appointment of a Secre
tary of Mines ana will take an active part
in the agitation lor it, and so the good
cause goes forward and increases in
strength as it goes.
The fact that the Republican Home
Market Club of Boston greeted Cleveland's
name with cheers shows how completely
we have returned to feelings of good
humor. There are no longer any animosi
ties. \Ve are all for prosperity and gene
ral rejoicing.
The Yuma Sentinel declares that within
the next year more capital will be invested
in mines and irrigation in Aiiiima than
has ever before been done or thought of,
so you need not be surprised if you hear
\urua talking of municipal development
and city extension this winter.
According to the State Dairy Bureau, no
oleomargarine has been manufactured in
Cahforn.a since July, 181*5, and very few
rilled ciieeses have been made or imported,
and it would sem that since the dairy law
of two years ago has worked bo well we
might extend it to other adulterated
ioods.
A call has been issued by Morrison I.
gwift of Berkeley and a number of other
reformers for a new political organization,
to be known as the "Public Ownership
Tarty," but it will hardly be needed. Ii
this country a political party dees not
have to ba called. If it is coming at all
it will come of itself.
THANKSGIVING DAY.
The present generation of the people of
the United States ha» never before in its
history been in such humor for tnanfcs
cjiving as it is to-day.' As Senator Hoar
well said at the jubilee banquet of the
Home Market Club on Tuesday night:
'•It will take more than one day for
Thanksgiving tins year. No private
dwelling, no church, no ordinary building,
can contain our joy." It is in the fullest
sense a National rejoicinsr. and they will
be few indeed who fail to take part in it.
The American people have at all times
abundant reasons for being thankful for
ne conditions under which they live.
Our land so far surpasses all others in its
natural resources and its returns to labor,
our Government is so much more free
than otliers, our people so far superior in
intelligence, education and enterprise,
and the opportunities for advancement
are so much greater than in other land*,
that however heavy may be such tem
porary evils as weigh upon us at any par
ticular time, we can still find abundant
reason on Thanksgiving day for gratitude
and for rejoicing.
This year, however, in addition to those
good things which are permanent in our
soil, our government and our social struc
ure, there are many blessings peculiar to
tbe time. The chief of these is unques
tionably that which has resulted From the
last election. We are now assured that
the people of the United States are not
moved by sectional prejudices or class an
tagonisms, and are not subject to tbe ex
citing appeals of demagogues. In that
assurance we find not only prosperity to
day but conlid-.'nce in the endurance of
prosperity for the rest of this generation.
It is with rejoicing minds and i;rateful
hearts, therefore, we can turn our atten
tion to-day to the observance of tbe great
National festival. The celebration in
which we are to en age is peculiar to our
country. No other land shares it with us,
and yet it is not a day associated with any
sentiment that belongs exclusively to
Americans. It is a day .of devout thanks
giving to the Giver of all good and bears
witness to the grateful heart of the Amer
ican people in the midst of tbe abundance
which they enjoy.
We may be sure the day will be marked
by a charity not less abundant than the
thanksgiving. The American people are
not selfish. Tbey do not celebrate their
holidays for themselves alone. There will
be an earnest desire this morning that
every family in the Union should share
in the joy of the festal day. This desire
will not waste itself in idle wishes. It will
be manifest in a thousand generous ac
tions. Every effort will be made by thoje
who are favored to give gladness to those
who have been less fortunate, and there
will be few people in the wide extent of
our Republic who do not have a sufficiency
of the good things of the earth wherewith
to feast themselves.
GOOD PROSPECTS.
It is a noteworthy feature of the times
that the press of almost every section of
the United States has a more buoyant,
cheerful and sanguine tone than has been
known for a Ion _• time past. This is par
ticularly true of the country press, where
the editors are in closer touch with the
people than is possible for metropolitan
journalism. If, therefore, the press is any
true mirror of the commnnity we may
be sure the American people have rarely,
if ever, been more contented with present
conditions or more certain of better things
to come.
The sancuine hopefulness on the part of
the press is strikingly illustrated by the
newspapers of Arizona. If there was any
portion of the Union which had apparent
reason for being dissatisfied with the re
sult of the election it was that Territory.
Arizona is rich in silver mines, and to
these mines she has hitherto looked
mainly for the increase of her wealth and
her population. The defeat of the Silver
party was therefore a severe blow to her
people. Nevertheless, even from Arizona
we hear nothing but words of pood cheer
and reports of increasing prosperity.
The Arizona Sentinel of Yuma says:
"At no period iri the past have the pros
pects looked brighter for Yuma than at
present, and we believe that ere another
twelve months pass the inhabitants of
I Yuma will see more capital invested In
mines and more irrigation enterprises
undertaken than have ever before been
done or thought of by the most enthusi
astic admirer of Yuma's future pros
perity."
The Arizona Republican of Phoenix notes
the 10 per cent advance in the prise of
copper since the election of McKinley.
and says that as some of the finest copper
mines are to be found in that Territory
it goes without saying the advancing
price will have a mo-t beneficial effr-ct
upon the welfare of the people. The Re
publican adds: "The chances are that
before the beginning of tlie new year the
mining industry in Arizona will have re
vived to such an extent that even the
present croakers will have to admit the
country is on the up grade at last."
When such reports come from Arizona
we may be sure the rest of the country is
cheerful. In fact, as we have said, there
is not a newspaper from any portion of
the Union which is not at this time exult
ing in reviving industry and setting forth
the prospects of an increasing prosperity
in the future.
The interior pres9 of California, we are
glad to say, sounds a note even more san
guine and more hopeful than that of other
Btates. We find everywhere evidence th:it
the energies of the people are aroused ?o
the undertaking of new enterprises with
an assured confidence of profits, and we
can count therefore with a.most absolute
certainty upon a rapid development of
all industries and a vast advance in the
j welfare of all the people.
THOROUGH PROTECTION.
In all the discussion on the possibility
of passing the Dingley bill at the coming
session of Congress there has been nothing
which dealt with the subject more effectu
ally than a resolution of the M nnufacturers'
Club of Philadelphia calling for "the re
enactment of the so-called McKinley tariff
of 1890, witii puch changes as shall make
that measure more sironply protective
while insuring a iar.-er revenue."
This resolution covers the whole sub
ject. It zoes directly to the point and
deals with it comprehensively. The peo
ple of the United Stales desire not only a
revenue lor the Government, but protec
tion for home industry. They wish no
compromise measure whose passage would
endanger or delay the enactment of a
thorough comprehensive protective tariff.
It is for that reason that they look with
disfavor upon the Dinjrley bill and take
little interest in the efforts of those who
are trying to promote its adoption fay Con
gress this winter.
The American Economist has very aptly
defined conservative protection as that
kind of protection whic > conserves every
American industry. Protection is perfect
only when it is universal. It is in that
respect that the Dingley bill falls short of
the demands of the people. It gives
souettiing of protection to some indus
tries, but it leaves others, and among
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
them the great sugar industry of Califor
nia, inadequately provided for.
President-elect McKinley owed his nom
ination at St. Louis by the Republican
party wholly to the fact that his name
was more intimately associated with the
protective system and the tariff bill of
1890 than that of any other statesman of
the day. He was looked apon as the par
ticular champion of American industry,
aiid was therefore logically the leader of
the Republican party in the contest for a
return to the protective system. It was
for that reason he was nominated, and it
was for that reason he was elected. The
Republican party, therefore, would fall
short of popular expectation if it accepted
any compromise on the tariff or entered
into any arrangement that would delay a
return to full and complete protection.
THE AIRSHIP.
.Few things of recent occurrence have
been more gratifying to The Cali, than
the way in which its reports of the airship
have been received by the public. That a
story so strange and so beamingly improb
able as this should have found a wide
acceptance when coming from The Call
is conclusive evidence that the people are
aware The Call deals in no fakes, and
that whatever it reports is well founded
on reason and on fact.
Public opinion on the subject was well
expressed by Editor Walden of the Napa
Journal at the State editors' convention
in Vallejo, !n saying that while he was
incredulous of the airship he did not like
to disbelieve the many persons of known
i veracity c aiming to have optical evidence
lof its existence. Mr. Walden added : "II
! the story had appeared In any other paper
! than The Call I should have paid no at
tention to it."
This and other expressions of popular
confidence in the reliability and accuracy
of The Call's reports on all matters of pub
lic interest are in the highest degree grati
fying. It will be borne in mind The Call
has never asserted the existence of an air
ship, and never lias undertaken even to
j describe on its own authority the strange
light which has been seen. It has given
only the reports of those who claimed to
have seen it, and who being persons of
reputation and good standing in the com
munity are entitled to public confidence
I in what they say.
The subject is one of popular interest
and of no little public importance. It is,
therefore, nothing more than proper that
a newspaper which aims to give all the
news all the time, and give it accurately
every time, should gather these reports
and seek diligently to find upon what cause
they are based. This is what The Call
his done and will continue to do.
It is evident thai so many men of good
understanding cannot be wholly deceived
in a matter of such a nature. There is
certainly some cause for tbe strange lights
which so many intelligent people have
seen and described. That cause we are
now seeking out. We have no intention
nor object to deceive the pubic. We aim
simply to make known the truth. The
readers of The Call may rely upon it that
they will receive aa early as possible a full
and complete explanation of the mystery
whatever that may b?. There is certainly
some cause for the light and The Call
will find it out.
NEWSPAPER INFLUENCE.
Tne influence of newspapers, when all !
j which are published in any community |
are united for a good cause, has been strik
ingly shown in Vallejo, and the incident
I is worth wide consideration since it gives
i clear evidence of what may be accom
plished for reform if only the editors of
any locality combine to accomplish it.
For some time past Vallejo has been
' almost overrun by gamblers. The Vallejo
Times asserted in beginning a crusade
against the evil: "Vallejo is becoming
the Monte Carlo of California. Gambling
I h'-lls are doing business openly on Georgia
| street in violation of the State law, de
' bauching our youths and injuring the
{ business and fair name of the town." Oti
I that showing it called for a suppression
] of the evil and roused the officers of the
law against it.
The' Chronicle and the News joined
j heartily with the Times in making the
j fight, and the result was the accomplish
ment of a speedy victory under circum
stances whicu give promise that it will be
permanent. The Chronicle declared the
gambling in the city way not ordinary
gamins, but came within the full scope
and condition* of a menace to the com
munity, and the Newt gave an equally
hearty support to the fight.
Tbe result is clearly stated by the News
in a recent article, w ich says: "Now all
the game? which were openly conducted
in the saloon" on Georgia street are closed
and are likely to remain so." It adds
furthermore: "It is asserted Sheriff Rush
and District Attorney Devlin will see that
the games do not reopen."
The swift accomplishment of success in
this fight acainst gambling by the news
papers of Vallejo has a lesson for the
I newspapers of San Francisco. This City
j has lone been overrun by lottery fakers
and swindlers. The Call has repeatedly
directed attention to the fact and invited |
J the co-operation of its contemporaries in
j crushing out the evil. We now do so
| again.
Every lottery ticket is a swindle. Every
man who sells one not only violates the
law, but swindles the man who pur
\ chases it. Hucli swindlers and violators
| of the law should not be tolerated in any
I community, and it seems evident from
the result in Vallejo that if our contem
poraries would unite with us we could
| put an end to thii evil and save to the
j people of San Francisco many thousands
j of dollars every month.
A CRONNED HEAD
The turkey is the king of birds.
That truth (here's no de.ls inc.
For now his head, with crown of red,
Unens.ly Is King.
He's gobbling his brief hour away-
Luxurious old sinner;
But when It comes Thanksgiving day
He'll make a glorious dinner.
— Dftrolt Free Press.
Letters From the People.
DESTROYING THE WHITE SCALE.
Interesting Experiment in . m Southern
California Orchard.
' To the Editor of. the San Francisco Call— Sib:
On Saturday Horticultural Commissioner
Hamilton of Orange received a strong colony
of verdalia ; cnrdlnalU from Commissioner
Scott of Los Angeles. Mr. Hamilton placed'
them in the old Travis orchard, where some
white sea. had been discovered. This is the
third time within the lust few years that this
orchard has been treated with parasites, and
each time they have apparently eradicated the
white scale. That the scale should again ap
pear proves two facts that horticulturists can
no: afford to overlook. The first is that the
greatest care and watchfulness is necessary at
all times, not only to restrain diseases or pests
which are known to exist, but to prevent the
recurrence of those which have apparently
been eradicated, and by all means to stop the
importation of new ones. • The second fact
proved is that the white scale 1s held in perfect
subjection by the vedalia.cardinalis. : Ihe use
of one insect to destroy; another is a complete
success, and every effort, should be made to
further apply the same principle. ;
: John Eastwood.
i ; Orange, Cal., November 24. 18U6.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,
Since the publication of Mme. Nordica's
asperity at not getting the roles she wanted at
the Metropolitan Opera-house this season it
has been intimated that her marriage lies
heavy on her mind. As the famous Maine
widow her disposition was always sunny, aud
her temper was as harmonious as her voice.
But they say strange things about Herr
Donne, the young Hungarian tenor whom
Kordica vowed to love, honor and obey, less
than a year ago. He is a good deal younger
than she is, he is ambitious, and he seems to
lack the talent to shine in the same company
with his wife. Last summer Nordica had a
paiuful experience with her Dueme. A Ger
man audience positively refused to listen to
s singing and his name was about to be re
moved from the programme, when Kordica
said if he went she would go, too. Rather
than lose her Coslma Wagner finally accepted
her spouse, but the Incident must have been
wounding to Nordica's pride. Having closed
the doors of the Metropolitan Opera-house to
herself Xordica has se: out on a concert tour,
which will extend to San Francisco if the olive
MME. LILLIAN NORDICA BOEME, Whose Marriage Is Said to
Be Far From Happy.
branch is not held out bytJrau and accepted
by Noroica. She is very foolish to have quar
reled with Gran, for to close ihe doors of the
Metropolitan to herself means to close the
doors of Covent Gnrdcn also. Paris does not
want her and Germany scarcely offers a wide
enough field for an ambitious prima donna
with a husband to support.u pport.
What the French pßpers speak of as "a re
gretable incident" happened recently atOran.
It seems that the music and dramatic critic of
oneot the local papers, L'Echo d'Oran, gave
quite the reverie of satisfaction to tfce gingers
of the Municipal Theater troupe. Indeed, the
barytone and the tenor were to inluriated at
nis Btrictures of their vocal efforts that they
laid a deep plot for revenge. One night the
critic was decoyed into the dressing-room of
Fouquernie, the tenor, Rodeville, the lary
tone, being also present. No sooner was the
unfortunate scribe inside than an unexpected
flank movement from Fouquernie cut off his
retreat. According to the telegraphic reports
the tenor "paralysed the critic's movements."
while the barytone, vrno seems to have been
of a more aggressive nature, subjected the
scribe to kicks and blows. French justice is
swift; as soon as help came the tenor and the
barytone were taken before the Commits&lre
di Service, and the verbal process having es
tablished beyond a doubt their malice Afore
thought, Messieurs foquernie and Rodeville
were commlt'.ed.
Mapleson only promises one new opera this
season, although Italy is flooded with new
works. Heseems to have made his one selec
tion wisely, however, for "Andrea Chenier"
figures in the repertoire of almost all the big
Italian o^era-houses fur the coming season,
and wherever it has been ulayea It has made
a success. The work is by Umberto Giordani,
who, like Mascagni, Leoncavallo, Puccini and
the rest of the composers of "Young Italy,"
came to the front quite rapidly. Giordano, in
fact, is the newest of tl.em all, but there are
others whom Mapleson might have found it to
his interest to give a hearing in America—Puc
cini for instance, who Verdi says Is the most
itifted of them all. The big opera-house of San
Carlo at Naples has just announced the lollow
| ing works for the coming season: "Pource
augnac," an unpublished opera by Alberto
Frunchetti, "Cristoforo Colombo,'' by the tame
composer, Verdi's "Falstaff," Puccini's "Ma
non Lescaut" and Giordano's "Andrea
Chenier."
When Susan Strong, the Brooklyn society
girl, made her debut with Maplesou's opera
company not long ago, as Marguerite in
"Faust," she was so unnerved by stage fright
that she could scarcely sing at all. Later on
she, regained her self-possession and showed
herself to be the possessor of a beautiful voice,
though she could not act. It is said that the
flower show which was interpolated into the
performance on Miss Strong's account had
never been equaled on a metropolitan stajce.
One box party alone contributed some fifty
bouquets.
Quite an excitement has been stirred up in
musical circles in Paris by the sensational con
ducting of Alexander Winogradsky, president
of one of the branches of the Imperial Russian
Symphony Society and director of the conser
vatory of Kiev. This is how Le Figaro de
scribes his method of handling the baton:
"When one recalls the delirious parodies of
chefs d'orchestre formerly clayed by the Han
lon-Lees one will have some idea ot the spec
tacle presented by M. Winogradsky, panto
miming with his arms, feet and head with ail
the fantastic agility of a down. A simple
orchestral score becomes, through the furious
ardor of this disjointed interpreter, a terrible
drama or a good fnrce. But the power of talent
and conviction is such that this frenzy of
gestures, which at first seems ridiculous and
raises a smile, soon imposed respect und atten
tion."
Alexandre Gnllmant has just been appointed
professor of the organ at the Paris conserva
tory in place of Widor. The appointment
gives great satisfaction, as he is one of the best
men who could possibly have been chosen for
the post. It was he who represented the
French school at the World's Fair, and some
of the best organists in this and other conn
tries are his pupils. Guiimanj was born at
Boulogne-Sur-Mer fifty-nine years ago. For
some years past he has been the organist of La
Trinite, and both as a composer and organ
virtuoso he is universally known.
The Filodramatico Theater at Milan has Ju«t
Riven the fir»t performance of a little opera
entitled "Dopo lAve Maria" (after the Aye
Mari:<). the music of which is due to a young
composer who bears the promising name of
Alfred Doniiettl. The opera won a prize in
the recent Steiner competition and is very
highly spoicen of, but it could not save the
theater, which was in financial difficulties,
and two days afier its production the manage
ment of the Filodramatico had to close the
doors of the theater.
The French Minister of Public Instruction
and Fine Arts has commissioned Albert Carre
to make a tour of the chief opera-houses in
Germany, Austria, Hungary, Russia and Italy
in order to bring back to Paris all the sugges
tions for improvements be can find. The first
theater to which he was commissioned to
direct his steps was the Ducal Opera-bouse of
Carlsruhe, wnere "Drac," the new lyric drama
by the Hillemacher brothers, was being per
formed.
A writer in Le Menestrel, advocating the
Wngnerian idea of an invisible orchestra,
says: "It is possible that in a certain number
of years the souvenir ot the visible orchestra
of our days will produce tho effect on future
gent-rations that is produced on us when we
read of the performances in the days of Lully,
I Corneille, Racine and Moliere, when the stage
' was incumbered on both sides by spectators
sitting among the actors."
All the operas of the defunct Carlos Gomes j
are to be presented this season at the Lyric
Theater ot Rio Janeiro, including "Maria !
Tudor," which is as yet unknown in Brazil.
A bill is before the Brazilian Parliament for
a subrention of $10,000 to defray the cost of
the series, and it includes the obligation of
two representations for the profit of the fam
ily of Gomes.
The Liederkranz— the German singing so
ciety—of New York will celebrate its fiftieth
anniversary in 1897 by making an artisiic
tournee of Germany and Auitria. The pro
ceeds nl all its concerts will be devoted to the
poor of the town where the concert is given.
The Royal Theater of Munich has just re
vived with real success Chabrier's "Gweudo
iine," which met with a very chilling recep
tion when it was first given some years ago.
It is another case of a French composer having
to die before his work is really appreciated.
Vincent d'lndy's new lyric drama "Fervaal"
will be produced in Paris about the middle of
January. The composer is actively superin
tending the rehearsals.
The lolloping programme will be performed
at the orchestral concert at the Baldwin
Theater next Sunday evening, when Mme.
Fannie Bloomfleld-Z.-isler will play with the
Hinrlchf-Beoi orchestra: Overture, "Pro
mcthurs" (Beethoven); concerto in F minor
(Chopin), Mme. Zeisler; ballet music, "Gia
conda" (Ponchlelh); concerto in D minor
(Rubinstein). Mme. Zeisler; scherzo from D
minor, concerto (Litoif), Mme. Zeisler; Spanish
tlauce (Mosykowski).
The third Bacon-Minetti ensemble concert
will take place at the Association auditorium
on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
INFANT'S SHORT DRESS.
A graceful model is here shown, which
hangs straight from a rourd yoke. The sieeves
are the comfortable and stylish bishop shape.
Deep flouncing is used for dressy gowns, and
if no; too heavily embroidered make nice
dresses for general wear, embroidering of
simple patterns wearing better than heavy
ones. The savine of labor in the finish at the
foot is nlso on object to folks who make these
garments at home.
Embroidered flouncing of plain colored
ginghams are pretty if white grows monoto
nous.
For white cambric dresses yokes of white
fabrics that come already tucked are labor
saving and prettier than plain fabrics. The
ruffle around the yoke on such simple gowns
is of the fabric, with perhaps an edge of nar
row lac? or embroidery.
Where exquisitely dainty frocks are desired
nainsook or batiste is used. A band em
broidery of tbe snme fabric, win the pattern
forming a straight edge thai is open, is used
in lieu of neck and sleeve bands. This is put
on with a French seam, making a neat finish.
The King of Belgium is now erecting two
villas at Beaulieu. Ills expected that Queen
Marie Henriette will pass next winter in one
of them, as a long southern sojourn has been
advised by her physicians.
PER SONAL.
J. M. Mannon of T'kiah Is at the Lick.
Milton McWhorter of Fresno is at tne Grand.
G. \V. Laugtord of Stockton is at the Bald
win.
P. J. Baker, the banker , of Traver, is a visitor
here.
John F. Mcßride of Yreka is here on a busi
ness trip.
T. W. Sheenan of Sacramento is at tbe
Occidental.
James Townsend of Fort Benton, Mont., is at
the Palace.
James \v. Decker, a New York bookmaker, is
at the Palace.
Guy W. Brown of the United States Navy is
at the Palace.
Professor W. J. Hussey of Mount Hamilton
is at tiie Lick.
The Rev. D. S. Banks of Santa Cruz arrived
here last night.
W, H. Clary Jr., the mining man, of Sheep
Ranch, 13 in town.
I. 11. Noonan, a wholesale butcher of Santa
Rosa, is in the City.
G. D. Plato, a general-goods dealer of Mo
desto, is in the City.
K. £. McCandless of Salinas is among the
recent arrivals here.
Soi Goldsmith, a business man of Portland,
is a late arrival bere.
F. M. Graham, the a Oorney, of Pacific Grove,
is a late arrival here.
F. W. Tickert of Tehacliapi and several
friends are at the Grand.
A. C. Hihn, the millionaire, of Santa Cruz, is
here for a few days' stay.
J. H. Miller, a wealthy cattle-grower of
Woodland, is at the Russ.
Mrs. S. M. Bradbury of Los Angeles is among
the arrivals at tbe Palace.
D. R. Oliver, the business, man of Stockton,
is a late arrival in this City.
Johu W. Kelly, the mining man, of Bodie,
Mono County, is in the City.
A. H. Nahl of the Taylor gold mine, El
Dorado County, is in the City.
J. L. Millen, a business man of Wadsworth,
Nev., is registered at the Russ.
T. T. Lane, superintendent of the Utica gold
mine at Angels Camp, is in town.
J. W. Bendy, of the famous Hale and Nor
cross mine, Virginia City, is at the Russ.
C. S. Beach, one of the proprietors of tne St.
James Hotel, San Jose, is on a visit here.
J. A. Sargent, the large laud-owner and ex
tensive fruit-grower.of Sargents, is in the City.
V. W. Hadley, a business man of Vacaville,
who is en route to Honolulu, is at the Grand.
H. Silver, a storekeeper of Sierra County, is
in town and stopping at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
£d R. Thompson, Governor Budd's law part
ner at Stockton, was among yesterday's ar
rivals.
Mrs. F. D. Calkins of Butter Creek is down
or the holidays and a guest at the Cosmopol
itan Hotel.
P. B. Choatley, the railroad man, of Sacra
mento, is at the Occidental, accompanied by
Mrs. Choatley.
I. C. YouDg of Alaska returned from his
southern trip to-day and is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Mrs. M. G. Yesler, a wealthy lady of Seattle,
accompanied by Miss Edna Nagle of the same
city, is at the Occidental.
J. \V. Hcffaer and V. Kromer of Snohomish,
Wash., large land-owners, are among the arri
vals at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. H. Moore and nine other Stanford stu
dents, among wtiom are the members of the
Stanford quartet, are at the Grand.
L. H. Frankenhoimer, a merchant o! Stock
ton, is in town. He is a brother of Mr. Frank
| enheimer.the noted football player, formerly
I of Stanford University.
T. L. Reed, owner of a large area of grain
I land near Reeuley, Fresno County, and the
grower of an immense amount of grain, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
D. T. Davies, superintendent of the Carbon
j ado coal mines cast of Tacoma in the Cascade
I Mountains, is in the City. These mines are
! owned by the Pacific Improvement Company.
N. A. Preston, a leading mining man of
Jamestown, Tuolumne County, son of the late
Superior Juage Preston, is in the City. Mr.
Preston owns one of the leading mines there.
Wiley J. Tinnin of Fresno, ex-Collector of
the Port of San Francisco, and owner of iron
and copper properties in the mountains north
east ot Fresno, is here, accompanied by Mrs.
1 Tinnin.
Mrs. A. F. M. Strong of Lob Angeles, who has
; a ranch which she devotes to the raising of
I pampus plumes, and from which she is mak
ing much money, is at the Palace. She is ac
companied by Miss Alice B. Strong of Los
Angele*. _____^__^___
A THANKSGIVING WELCOME.
It's comin' erlonic— Tnanksgivln',
Afj' welcome the hearty day;
It's a gooa old land whar we're livin,'
Whatever (he preachers say.
A good oi(j land whar we're livin'—
Good In ibe field an' lowt);
We sin. hut the Lord's furgfvln',
An' showers the blessin's down.
I'm thankful still for the breakln*
v' day whar I sow an' reap,
F«r night, with the shadows makin'
A place fer the world ter sleep.
Fer Joy, an' the strength fer sorrow,
Ft-r the winter an' the May;
The Lord— he's keepln' to-morrow,
An' all X want is to-day !
An' somehow his smile has found me,
An' ihe dark like the lightil shine.
Wnll«- my children's arms air round me,
An' the dear wife's huml in mine!
Fbank L. Stanton- In Atlanta Constitution.
AN INTERESTING GROUP.
Chicago Record.
In President-elect MeKinley'* library at Can
ton hangs a photograph of which he is very
fond and to which he frequently refers. It
represents the Committee on Ways and Means
of the Forty-fist Congress in a group, ana it
gives him gratification to relate how every
one of the meubers who served with him has
been honored. Mr. Dingley of Maine, Mr.
Payne of New York and Mr. McMillin of Ten
nessee only remain in tbe House of Represen
tatives, and all of them have beeu re-elected
for another term. Mr. Burrows of Michigan
Mr. Gear of a lowa. Mr. Mills of Texas and M-.
Carlisle of Kentucky were promoted to the
Senate, and the latter afterward to the Cabi
net. Clifton Breckinridge of Arkansas is
Minister to Russia, and Mr. Flower was elected
Governor of New York; Mr. McKenna is a
Judge upon the Federal bench, and Mi. Mc-
Kinley, the chairman, has been elected Presi
dent of the United States, with the active sup
port of two of nis former Democratic col
leagues. If any one had said at that time that
Mr. Carlisle and Mr. Flower would ever sup
port Mr. MiKinley for President he would
nave been accounted insane.
PARAGRA.HS . SOUT PEOPLE.
Cora Hortense Smith of Arkansas City,
Kans., owns a large ranch and 5000 head of
cattle. She is young, pretty and unmarried.
Rev. Helen Van Anderson has become pas
tor of the new Church of the Higher Life in
Boston. She was born in lowa, and is about
35 years old.
A new lift, or elevator, is being fitted up in
Marlborough House for the Princess of
Wales, who, like the Queen, does not iike to
climb stairs.
Queen Victoria now rules 367,000,000 peo
ple, a greater number than ever before ac-
I knowledged the sovereignty of either* a King,
Queen or Emperor.
Sir Henry Irving is one of the best swords
men in England. He has practiced scientific
swordsmanship for many years. Ono of his
fencing-masters was Professor McLaren, now
of Olympia.
American women wore well represented at
the first International Woman's Congress, re
cently held in Berlin. Mrs. Mary Wright
Sewall of Indianapolis and Mrs. Thomas Kirk
brid c of Philadelphia were among tbe
speakers.
The Sultan of Turkey not only has a rigid
censorship of the press, but he has ordered
that no newspapers be published until the
afternoon, so that tbe censors will not have to
forego their morning nap In orucr to super
vise them.
Emperor William has had a liberal spell of
late and has conferred about a hundred decc
ratlons upon officers in the Austro-Hungarian
array and lias given the two lending com
manders the Grand Cross of the order of the
Red Eagle, which corresponds to the English
Order of the Bnth.
When the Emperor of Austria visited Bu-'
charest the other day he was met by a delega
tion at the railway slat ion, and after the cus
tom of the country was asked to partake of
bread and salt. But the service used w;:s a
special tray, dish and salt-cellar 01 gold su
perbly chased and valued at f 25,000. These
were presented to his Majesty wnen he left.
THE PRESIDENT ERA.
The business boom has added hundreds of
millions to the values in this country.—
Louis Globe-Democrat. V..^ >
There never was such an enormous rush of
work as there is now in the history of this
country.— New York Advertiser.
The election of McKinley has greatly stimu
lated all the trades. See how cabinet-making
is booming now. !— Chicago Times-Herald.
Since the election of McKinley there has
been an increased demand for mill products,
and capital everywhere is seeking investment,
consequently mills Louisville Post.
Even though the wheels are turning again,
the number of people looking for Government
jobs In preference to any other kind seems to
be just as large as usual;— Cincinnati Tribune.
If Congress will only take the necessary step
at its coming session to provide sufficient
revenues for the support of the Government,
nothing will stand in the way of the In
auguration of an era of prosperity such has
not been seen here in a long time.— Cleveland
Leader.
It is a fitting reward for Pennsylvania's
noble stand that already the effects of .return
ing prosperity are felt in every section of the
State, and that her thousands of workingmen
are now receiving material benefits from tho
wise and patriotic stand they took on election
day.— Philadelphia North American.
The number of establishments which have
recently opened and those which have
materially increased their forces are set down
at 500. The fact that many of these concerns
have accumulated orders' on which they can
run for several months happily suggests that
the overproduction which probably helped to
make the hard times of the last four years has
been used up, and after the present orders are
filled there will be immediately new ones to
keep the wheels turning.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
California fig taffy, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
.—. — # — •
Best glasses 15c, Sundays, 740 Market (Kast
shoestore); wees days 65 4th St., next bakery.*
— » •*■ — •
Special information dally to manufacturer*,
business houses, and public men by the Pro-n
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
it is stated as "a curious fact" that the lan
guage used by the Czar and Czarina in their
private intercbuse is English and German —
French and Italian being seldom spoken by
their Majesties when alone. The Czarina did
not learn Russsan till after her betrothal, but,
though she as yet speaks it very slowly, it ia
with a good accent and great distinctness.
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic ami Pacific Railroad, Santa Fa
route, will continue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawinp-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in the United Stutes, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. Excursions through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket otlice, 644 Market
street.. Chronicle building. Telephone main 1531
Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phillips' Koik Ishtiid .Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via nio
Grande ani Kocic Isiund liailwars. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and poners accompany thes? excursions to
Button. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent .hock Island Hallway, 30 Mont
gomery street, tan Francisco.
Tbrougn Car to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly upholstered tourist-car leaves Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
points in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No chance of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Come
and get our rates if you ex pec : to make a trip to
any Eastern loin:. T. K. S nteler. General Agent
Northern Pacific Ky. Co., 638 Market street, s. F.
— ■*"'■'.
Singers and Artists (jenkrai.i.y are users of
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" for Hoarseness and
Throat Troubles. They afford nstant relief.
• — ' ' » ♦ »
Use Parker's Ginger Toxic and gain good
digestion, better health and relief from pain.
Parker's Hair Balsam is life to the hair.
« ♦ — »
Nothing 1 contributes more toward a sound di
gestion than the use of Dr. Siegert's Angostura
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer.
1 • ♦ — ♦
That time-honored preparation, Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral is still the medicine most in demand for
colds and coughs. It always cures.
— ~7* • — *~~.
When Paris dedicated a short time ago the
Ecolc Etieune as a training school for printers,
naming it after the French printers of the early
sixteenth century, Henri and Robert Etienne,
there was present at the ceremony a Henri
Etienne, thirteenth in lineal descent from
Robert. He is a working printer, like every
one of his ancestors. - ,
SEW TO-DAY. ■
Cheapest
Prices
In America for
, CHMWARE
Dinner Sets (£ A __
Prettily Decorated Jj ZM. • / m^
(Complete for 6 Persons) ■ M * -r
Dinner Sets (£* rrik
PURE WHITE «J7 ."> «^ "
(Complete for 6 Persons) %J *-'
Fancy Cups and Saucers -.';- • 10. 15. 25
Bread. Butter & Fancy Plates- 10. 15. 25
Ice-cream and Berry Dishes • • 10, 15, 25
Wine Decanters, engraved • - 15, 25. 35
Wine Glasses, per set • • ■ ■ 25^35, 40
Knives and Forks, per set -50,75, 1.00
China and Bisque Flower Vases—
10, 15, 25, 50
Common Sense Carving Set 25
SEEING THESE GOODS
.MEANS— r
BUYING THEM.
—WE RUN —
100 Stores
BUY CHEAPER
, SELL_CHEAPER
IMDSOME PRESENTS GIVES AWAY.
Great AmerlGanlmportina; Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. • 146 Ninth st.
J5lO Mission st. 318 third st.
140 Sixth st. 'Vii-( ; -.' 3008 Flllmore st.
617 Kearny st. . 005 Market st.
1419 Polk st. ' 3006 Sixteenth st*
en .Montgomery am. 104 Second st.
$33 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
52 Market at. (Headquarters), S. P.
iog3 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaol
r 1355 Park st., Aiameda.
■- ,»-THURSDAY XOV M E 26. 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
• Baldwin Thkatkr — "An American Citizen."
California Tkkateb — Entertainment by the
• Stanford University,
Columbia 1 ukatkb— "Humanity."
J.OKGSCO'B OPkBA-HOUBK— : Hearts of Oak."
Irvou OrjcK* Hodsk.- Donna Juanlta.'
Orpiikcm— High-Class Vaudeville,
Xkw 15rsH-6TRKKT Thkatkk.— T. A. Kennedy,
ill* Hypnotist.
Thk AvniTOßiric— Corner of Jones and Eddy
street'—'- In Ko-opo."
CENTRAL I'abk.— Football.
Bicycmc RACES-Corner Baker and Fell streets,
this aliernoon, at 2 o'clock.
'iHK CHUTES ani> SKAIINB Rink.— Dally at
;.:.ij:ii; street, one block east of the Park.
* vibo liAiHs— K»thini; and performance*
• Oakland Rack Track — Kac»s to-day.
AUCTION hALhS,
PyCook A Co. —This day. November 28. China
s ♦ *>r, at 123 Kearny st., at 2 o'clock.
By M auioan- & Co.— This day. .November 26.
Wagons, etc., at 1122 Mission street.
By Eastox <fc Klsbidok.— Tuesday, December
1, Real Estate, at salesroom, bob Market street, at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
The Folsom-street electric line will be ex
tended to Army street.
Fair Thursday ; continued cool weather. A.
G. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
John Collins .has been acquitted of the
Charge of murdering Margaret Crowlcy.
'Judge Slack has granted Nellie L. Gordon a
divorce from Levi U. Gordon for failure to pro
vide.
Judge Slack will hear testimony in regard to
the sanity of the late Senator Fair next Sat
urday.
Mrs. Emma Durbrow's will bequeaths prop
erty valued at $100,000 to relatives of the de
ceased.
A sneakthiet stole several articles of jewelry
from a room at 1408 Van Ness avenue last
evening.
The Street Committee met yesterday and
prepared to report for and against numerous
petitions.
There will be Thanksgiving dinners at a
number of places to-day and services at many
churches.
The Hibernia Bank yesterday paid its an
nual bie bill of taxes, amounting this year to
$282,000.
The winners at Oakland track yesterday
were Sir Philip, Billy Vice, Principle, Apto
and Quicksilver.
The annual entertainment of the Partlngton
School of Illustration wats held at 424 Pine
Etreet last evening.
Chita Jackson, the last woman known to
have seen Eugene Ware alive, is under arrest
on a charge of forgery.
Taking of testimony in the trial of Thomas
B. Williams, charged with libeling Judge Heb
bard, will begin next Monday.
The Robin Hood Benevolent Association
held its annual carnival and bal masqucin
Mechanics' Pavilion last evening.
Four athletic sea captains are now nursing
sore faces and limbs, the result of a little
Jriendly set-to with Bob Fitzsimmons.
Three more cases of diphtheria were re
ported to the Board of Health yesterday, mak
ing a total of thirty-four for the month.
James McFadden has been sent to jail for five
days by Judge Slack for assaulting Levi B.
Gordon in tbe immediate presence of the
court.
• Mrs. Elizabeth McLennan hai sworn to a
warrant charging M. T. Ward with Brand lar
ceny. She claims that he has robbed her of
$0000.
Clerk T. B. O'Brien of Judge Campbell's
court was not in attendance yesterday, which
led the Judge to make some derogatory re
marks.
Horace W. Philbrook is petitioning the Su
preme Court to vacate two recent decisions.
In his petition Mr. Fhiibrook has attacked tbe
Justices.
• The Exchange saloon at 14 Third street was
visited by a burglar eariy yesterday morning,
but the thief took only the cash in the
register.
Ninety pounds of turkey were received yes
terday b>' Captain Robinson at the City Prison
as th^; Thanksgiving day offering to the 130
pritoners.
Larkin street, from Sutter to Market, is
about to get into the van of progress and im
provL-meut by having the street lighted up by
electricity.
Richard S. Williams in Judge Hunt's court
yesterday denied all the charges that were
preferred against him by his wife in her suit
for divorce.
Divorce, suits have been filPd as follows:
Sanie Frank vs. Smnuel Frank, Emily B. Finni
gau vs. Peter A. Fiunigan, We.thy A. Roster
vs. Louis A. Koster.
Ezra E.<tes, a boy 15 years of age, was booked
-at the City Prison yesterday on a charge of
burglary, and the police are searching for a
pedder who was with him.
The Grand Jury have taken up the gambling
evil ta this City, and yesterday called up the
Police Commissioners and Chief Crowley to
learn why It was not stopped.
The Iroquois Club is investigating the con
duct of one of its members, I-irlor Jacob', ac
cused of having voted for McKinley and of
' having paraded with the Republicans.
The Board of Education last evening criti
cised the Board oi Health severely lor having
closed the Mission Grammar School witnout
' waiting to consult the School Directors.
A meeting of property-owners was held in
the assembly-room, Mills building, yesterday,
to consider the question of repaying certain
parts of Stockton, Post and Geary streets.
Judge Morrow of the United States District
Court yesterday decided the damage suit of
Bancroft, Whitney and others against the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company in favor of tbe
libelants.
Martin Hansen, an inmate of the Old Peo
ple's Home, fell on Filbert and Powell streets
last night and sustained a deep cut on the left
eyebrow which was dressed at the Receiving
HospitaL
The prospects are good for the coming of
Frances Willard to this State to engage in the
work of the Women's Christian Temperance
Union. Several local rallies have been held
this week.
Policemen Ryan and ODea have ascertained
that Robert Ph'elan, who is in the County Jail
waiting his trial for burglary, committed nu
merous other burglaries that will be charged
against him.
. Charles Peterson, the sailor, who brutally
beat his st^cson with a rope's end, was con
victed by a jury in Judge Jotichitnsen's court
. yesterday and was ordered to appear for sen
tence to-morrow.
Ex-Congressman Louttit has returnei here
after several weeks in Colorado. He says that
over 3000 men have been put to work there
since the election, who had for a long time
been unemployed.
The Interstate Commerce Commission has
begun proceedings in the United states Circuit.
Court to compel the Be.lingham Bay and
British Coiumbia Railroad Company to make
a report of its business.
Troop Sergeant-Major H. L. Mills, formerly
of the British army In India, aud recently be
queatned nearly $2,000,000, >s at the Occiden
tal, nccoiupanii-d s,y his bride, lie has been
for six months touring the worid.
C. C. Angeli, son of the well-known miner
after whom A m:e is Camp was named, was
buried in thl» City yesterday by the contribu
tions of a few of his City acquaintances, who
hayed his remains irom a pa.uper's grave.
May Evans Harrington has been granted a
divorce from William Harrington on the
ground of willful desertion, and »he is allowed
to r'-snme her maiden name, Rison. She is
awarded $40 a month alimony and $50 counsel
fees. ♦
Manager Frledlander of the Columbia has
been appointed director-general of the coming
carnival, and J. A. Filcher, president of the
State Bonrd of Trade, a committee of one to
•fiarinonizo the times of holding the various
spring carnivals.
Renl-cstate men say the proporty at Dolores
end Lighteenth streets purchased by the Board
ri K'iucation as a site for the Mission High
•School, agreeing to pay $52 000. is not worth
more thnu $45 000 at the outs de. The Grand
1 Jury is investigating (h* transaction.
The Railroad Commission will investigate
refrigerator cars lor the purpose of ascertain
ing its jurisdiction over them, and the South
ern Pacific Company mniutaiuH that these
cars arc us.-d for interstate commerce and are
consequently beyond fie commission's reach.
A man named Goldman was brought to the
City ami County Ho-pital yesterday sunViing
with scurfet fever. The utmost pre<»iu lions
are beinc taken to prevent the spread oi the
(UttMt, Inougli ji. need in a charitable insti
tution Goldman had $iOO in his packets.
There will be a Thnnksciving nervice helO
iv tbe Synagogue Beth Jkcoo, o-i Harrison
itn ci, bstween Fourth and Filth, this evening
m 7 :M o'clock. Dr. M. Linezer will deliver h
Btirrine nnd patriotic sermon from PiHlm
cxviii:24— "This day God has created as a day
of thauks and jubilations."
RUSHING WORK AT
MISSION WHARVES
All Classes of Vessels Are
Represented There at
Present.
Return of the Wrecker Whitelaw
From the Remains of the
San Benito.
The Compasses Were in Perfect Order
aud the Vessel Was Well
Fqu pped.
The busiest scene at the water front is
to be found at JVlission-stieet wharf. All
classes of vessels are there. Tbe big ship
from Australia is unloading coal, the
whaler is being refitted, the scow schooner
is unloading and the American ship is
taking in a general cargo for New York.
Steam schooners can be seen loading and
unloading and all in all Mission 1 and 2
presents the busiest scene on the front.
The Norwegian bark Stjorn and the
British ship Travancore are both alongside
Kosenfeid's tounkerß. The whaling bark
Cali ornia is being fitted out for a South
Sea island cruise, the McNear is almost
loaded with lumber for Australia and the
scow schooner I'iute is taking in a general
cargo. Several steam schooners and small
craft are in the intermediate spaces and
la consequence Wharfinger Short is more
than busy.
The wrecker Whitelaw got in from the
remains of the San Benito yesterday.
All she brought back was the steamer's
chronometer, -her compasses, the signal
lights, the steering wheel, the signal gun
and all the small stuff that could be saved.
"In all her life the Wbitelaw never
bucked into a heavier gaie than she en
countered when on her way to Point
Arena," said Chief Engineer Collins yes
terday. "We bad a terrible time of it and
yet the wrecker logged her eight and
seven-eighths knots an hour right along.
When we got to Point Arena the wreck
was breaking up and all we could do was
to s>ive anything that the waves had I
spared. When th« gale came up again we I
had to put to sea again and came right
back to San Francisco. The San Benito,
cargo and all, will be a total loss."
"The San iienito's compasses are now
aboard the wrecker," said Captain White
law. "There are seven of them and every
one is in as good condition as those of the
City of Peking, and the latter vessel got
in from China yesterday. The chronome
ter is also aboard the Whitelaw and it is
in perfect order. W r e only had a cursory
v:ew of the wreck, but judging the stuff
we saved she was one of th best formed
vessels that sailed through the Golden
Gate. She was better equipped than any
collier I have ever seen and that is saying
a good deal. G.ve the devil his due and
say from me that on any other collier in
the same circumstances the chances are
thai tbe loss of life would have been
twenty-six instead of six."
When the second gale came up the
Whitelaw had to run for San Francisco.
It was lucky she cot in as soon as she did.
because at 5:30 p. m. it was blowing 6G
knots an hour, while at tlie heads the
Hydrographic Office recorded 56 knots an
hour. The San Benito was fitted with Sir
William Thompson's patent deep-sea
sounder, and it was saved from the
wreck. With otner sounders the ship has
to be hove to in order to make a sound
ing, but with the new invention an obser- j
vation can be made when the vessel is at
full speed. Crossing the bar Captain
Whitelaw tested the new contrivance and
found that he could gauge the depth of
water on the bar while the Whitelaw was
going full speed.
Tne schooner Amethyst got in yester
day, and the cautain reports having
passed a water-logged and dismasted
schooner on the 21st inst. off Cape Blanco.
It was blowing hard at the time and a
very heavy sea was running, so the crew
of the Amethyst could not lower a boat.
The schooner Joseph and Henry was very
close to tne wreck at the time, and the
chances are tbat when she reaches port
some more definite information about the
derelict may be obtained.
Mrs. Thorold, owner of the tug Ethel
and Marion, and the captain of the little
vessel had quite an altercation yesterday.
The master of the vessel made a remark
which the owner resented, and she went
for him with her umbrella. Tue skipper
raced up the wharf and Mrs. Thorold
after him, and it was only when Officer
Henneberry put in an appearance tbat the
chase ceased. A new master will go out
on the Ethel and Marion to-day.
The new steamer for the Hawaiian
inter-island trade was not built by Mat
thew Turner but Dy Hall Bros, oi Puget
Sound. She is a splendid vessel and one
of the best of her class, and has more
than fulfilled the expectations of her
builders. She was called the James Spiers
in order t<> rill the requirements of the
California law, but when she reaches
Honolulu her name will be changed to
Mauna Loa.
The schooner Challenger, seventeen
days from Seattle, put in last Tuesday
night leaking and had to be run on the
mud flats. She was in coliison with a
steam sciiooner outside the heads, but as
a heavy sea was running and a gale blow
ing Captain Sovernd could not make out
his antagonist. People on 'Chance think
it was the Alice Blanchard bound north
that did the damage.
'I he schooner Cnarles Hanson was on
fortunate during the run from Grays
Harbor. On the 19th inst. Mate Gregoli
■on cave an order to jibe the mainsail.
He went to the assistance of the men and
bis foot caught in a loop of the rope.
With a jerk the sail tightened the tackle
and the "eg was broken like a pipe siem.
The disabled man was put aboard the
lightship Columbine and landed at Ho
quiam for medical treatment. The next
day Seaman Lane was washed overboard
from the Hanson and never seen again.
HAVE RESUMED BUSINESS.
The Well-Known Firm of Jamel M.
Mortn & Co. Opens lip Again.
Friends and customers of the well
known dry-goods firm of James M. Moran
& Co. will be glad to learn that they have
j-assed through their financial embarrass
ment. Having settled with all their cred
itors Moran & Co. have resumed business
and are rapiiiiy coming to the front again.
Owing to tbe {ireat success of their sale
and the noble manner in whicn their
friends and patrons flocked to their as
sistance they were enabled in a very short
space of time to realize sufficient funds to
make satisfactory settlements with their
creditors and resume business with an
entirely new stock of the latest styles in
foreign and domestic dry goods. A great
advantage to have an entirely new stock,
particularly so at the very low prices prp
vailinc at present, Moran & Co. liave al
ways kept good faith with the buying pub
lic, no misrepresentation of their goods
being allowed either in tbnir advertise
ments or by salesmen. The width,
we. gin, quality and price are always found
to be just as represented. Tins policy
Moran & Co. intend to continue, whatever
may be the result.
The Has tings Case.
Further ar-ument in the contest of Mary
Keller, alias Mary Viola Hastings, against the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
The Mission-Street Wharves Are the Busiest Portion of the Water Front at Present. The Norwegian
Bark Stjorn and the British Ship Travancore Are Side by Side Discharging Coal and
Every Other Class of Vessel in the Bay Is Represented at the Docks.
estate of S. C. Hastings, deceased, was on the
calendar yesterday in Judge Cofley's coujt.
On motion of S. M. Shortridge ot the firm of
Delmas & Shortridge, the matter was post
poned yesterday until to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock.
COLLINS EXONERATED.
A Jury Finds That He Did Not Caxise
the Death of Mrs. Crow
ley.
John Collins, charged with the murder
of Margaret Crowley, was acquitted in
Judge Wallace's court yesterday. After
the testimony for the prosecution was all
in Collins' attorney stated to the court
that none of tbe witnesses had been able
to connect his client with the death of
Mrs. Crowley , and as the corpus delicti
had not been proven he asked that the
jury be instructed to acquit.
In order to strengthen this position
Collins was put or. the witness-stan J, and
told a straight story of the alleged assault
on Mrs. -Crowley. He admitted that he
slapped the face of Mrs. Crowley's daugh
ter, and that when Mrs. Crowley ap
proached him he put up his open hand to
wa:d her off, and that she fell to the floor,
but denied that he used any violence.
The autopsy disclosed the fact that the
woman died of peritonitis several days
later, and medical experts gave it as their
opinion that peritonitis could not have
been superinduced by Mrs. Crowley's
fall, as it had been described by the wit
nesses.
Deputy District Attorney Hinkle said he
found it impossible to connect Collins
with the death of Mrs. Crowley, and asked
the court to instruct the jury to render a
verdict of not guilty, which was done, and
Collins waiked irom the courtroom a free
man.
RAILROADS MUST REPORT.
Tbe Interstate Commerce Commission
After a iierellct Corporation.
The officials composing the Interstate
Commerce Commission are evidently not
of the material that will stand nonsense
or interference with their official duties.
Under an amendment to the law setting
forth the duties of that bedy is one that it
shall present an annual report to the
authorities in Washington, D. C, a state
ment of the working and business of every
railroad in the United States. In order to
do so the commission is obliged to call
upon every railroad company lor a report
containing the desired information.
To this end the commission has pre
pared blanks for reports to be filled in by
the companies, which are required to
state the amount of the busni3ss trans
acted, names of officers, stockholders,
shares of stock and by whom held, bonds,
relations to other lines, leased lines, etc.
All of these reports should have been
filed with the commission by September 15
last, but the Bellingham Bay and British
Columbia Railroad Company (head office
in this City) has neglected, failed or re
fused to do so up to the present time.
Tbe case was laid before the United
States Attorney, and yesterday morning
Assistant Attorney knight presented the
case to Judge McKenna of the United
States Circuit Court in the shape of a
petition for a writ of mandamus to com
pel the derelict company to comply with
the law and furnish the commission with
a report. Judge McKenna ordered the
issuance of an alternate writ which he
made returnable on December 4.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Wednesday, November 25, 1896. Twelfth day of tbe winter
meeting. Weather fine. Track heavy.
*LAO FIRST RACK-Slx furlongs; maidens: purae $300.
Index. Horse, age. weight. fit. j 14 y2y 2 34 ' Btr. ]
133 Sirl'dlllp, 3 107 ,1 24 7s Tl I
133 Kej>-c ed, 3 - ...,10tt 5 3*A 32 3 1
Kap1d0,4.... 114 6 6Vi 42 4%
122 Two Steps, 8......J04 8 ........ 6 6 6V.
. 138 jAllessandro, 3....104 4 7 7 61
118 Gold Boy, 3. 104 » 1% lh '2. y.
138 Gosling, a....... 106 7 4 h 5% 7
I Bett
■ Fin. ; ; Jockey. Op. -"
1 h T. Murphy 5
2 1 Boreiuan.... 6
310 Lioyd.... 6
4 3 Shaw 15
6 1 Mclntyre 10 .
«3 K. Jones 3-5
7 |L»ns I 50 '
Jockey.
I Bet tin?.
Op.; VI.
tine
~.'i VI.
4
15
15
40
-v
1-i
150
Perfect start. Woo driving. Winner, l). Applehy's c-h. c, by Duke ot Norfolk- n.d n a K. Time, l:vavk
144 fcIECONI) KACE-Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse »40U.
Index. Horse, weight. St.; 14 U, »4
136 Billy Vice 1«7 4 | .'. 4 1 2^
ißernadli o 109 I lh lh
(127) D. j. lobln 109 1 2h S3
1M Defender 102 3 3 3 4h
127 0 thtrine the CJt. 99 5 6Vi 6 8
iCava.lo 10-' «> 6lu 6 1
76 |Arge«tes 99 7 7 7
Str.
2 4
1 h
36
44
6 2
6 4
7
! Bettl
Fin. I Jockey. Op.
TlVfe "olden ....... V. "~VO*~
2 8 K.Jones 9-20
8 8 il-rawley .";;r.7;. 6
4 1 5nider .......... I 10
6 4 W00d5. ........ ao
6 20- H. M«rtln 6
7 I Joe Weber 60
Betting.
Op. Cl.
ing.
Cl.
30
It
4
9
50
12
2UO
Hood start.
1:12»4.
Won easily.
Winner. J. O. Bayley's eh. c, by Imp. Sir Modred-DUiana. Time,
145.
THIKD KALE— Five and a hall furlongs; two-year-olds; parse »400.
I
In 1. I Horse, weight. St | 14
■ -. «■ ,: ■•• .■• ■ ' ' "--'■■: - - Bell
%>. % - Btr - Fin. - | ..Jockey. , . Op. '
01 43 42 i \V% Freeman....'.... 3 •
ah 2h 2h 2 1 Th0rpe.........; 1 ,
7% 0% 6^ 3MI H. i1an1n...... 12
8 71. 7 1 4 3..eoaav .;.; 4 '
31 61 6% 52 • <i01aen. .;..... 30
lh ■ lh lh 63 Maxey .......... 20
•4 V<i 3 2 »2 •7 10 -haw.......... 30
6%: 8 8.. .I ■ 8 ■- .» Iteidy...... ;2 0
Fin.
Jockey.
1 Bettinß.
lop. 1.
ting.
4
7-10
10
6
75
tiO
60
y
111 1 _ 1 1
(13»> Principle 109| 1
]J<6 Osncll 112 6
181 Inftammator 112 6
(124) I Tempestuous. . .109 7
112 Klenzi.., IH7 8
laa Alazan 109 4
112 Viking 104 2
( 103) Koselle.. 109 a |
Good start. Won driving. Wince, G. .
.os«»'8 b. g., by Imp. Maxim- Ventura. Time, 1:1*%.
\ Af\ foUKlii HACK— Seven furlongi
; purse #400.
Index. Horse, *ie, weight. | St. | 14
l:K2~ Tpto. 2 801 3 ~sT~
90 |t=ctnittar, 3 100 l 2 in
118 'Uraught, 2 K5 1 lh
142 Seaside, 6 .104| 7 7
132 j Jay Wheeler. 'J... 85 i 4 »n
142 Monterey. 4 107 5 4 b
118 Fortunate, 2 88. « 6 2
128 Eimer 11,I 1 , 5.. 109|left|
y% '% Str. Fin. , Jockey.
11^ ~1 1 13 lIV J. W00d5.........
;.. 7 • - 3 1 8h 2ns K.Joues.. .-.:...
•23 2 2 -21 33 Clawson....
6h tiVi 4 M i 4 « H. Martin.. ..
6h 6 2 610 10 Uayden .......
4h 7>; 7 '01 001 den.. ........
3h 61 52 7 Keidjr .........
.......; ....; Bo;:aman *.;.■.
Fin.
J
Jockey.
BcttliiK.
op. ci.
IS 100
11-5 16-5
a 11-6
2 4
4 IS
3U 160
6 4
8 20
Good start, except Elmer F.
Time, 1:35.
Won
landily.
WlnDer, E. J. Baldwin '» b t, by Verano-Marlcopa.
147 FIFTH KACE— Five furlongs; owners' handicap, parse f 350.
Index. { Horse, age, weight.
dcx. I Horse, age, weight. St. jl4 y^ :""%'• Str. Fin. i Jockey. Op?" 1 "Tl.
137, Quicksilver,*..,. 96 .2 ......;; 14 110 ,16 ;15 Frawley 4" .- 5
114 Major Cook, 4.... 95 8 .<.;-...: 83 21 2 6 2 6 -Mclntyre ; 2 • 9-5
135' Irmii, 4.-.;n:."A. «5 4 .:..;.;- 4 .4 3% I ,350 Clawson ...... "". 20 150
Grover, 4.:.;.:...100 .l! ........ 2h 3h '4 1 '4- ' 11. Brown " 40 40
1.<9 iliymn. 5......... 98|leftj .......: .... .-.; .;...... ;/.:...: :....... E. Jones;;... !.. 45- £5
Good »tart. Won easily. Winner, F. Callow»y'» eh. b, by imp. Friar Tuck-Jennie. Time, t :04%-
APTO FIRST AT
ODDS OF 100 TO 1
Little Johnny Woods Rode
the Long Shot in
Winner.
Billy Vice, at 50 to 1, Sauntered
Past the Wire in
Front.
Hymn Was Left at the Post Again.
Principle Defeated Osric II
With Ease.
Whew! but there waß some merry,
rollicking racing at Oakland yesterday.
With Billy Vice, a 50 to 1 outsider, finish
ing abead of BernardiUo, a 3 to 5 chance;!
Apto, with odds of 100 to 1 chalked against j
him and running loose, winning, and j
Hymn, a 4 to 5 favorite, left at "the post, i
little wonderment can be expressed that j
the talent saw visions of fat roast Thanks
giving turkey and cranberry sauce and
mince pies "like we got down on the
farm" vanishing in the distance. Any
body tbat can take that charming trip
across the bay and beat the races at Oak
land with the acrobatic fprru displayed by
the horses has assuredly missed his voca
tion, for he should hire a loftroom in
some smokehouse in Chinatown and de
vote his entire attention to marking lot
tery tickets for the heathen C.'wnee.
A good-sized crowd nssembled to do
homage to the sport, and the success they
met with can b • gathered by a fleeting i
glance at the form charts. The first
choices were all easily subdued and
beaten. What the heavy track did not
accomplish Mr. Ferguson completed
owing to circumstances over wh.cli he
had no control.
The performance of the 100 to 1 shot
Apto takes rank over all the other acts.
The Baldwin entry started a couple of
days back and displayed about as much !
speed as a sawhor.-e straddled by a tramp
with a bologna sausage as a bat. H
started in the fourth event over seven fur
long<, with Johnny Woods, a featner
weight and eighty pounds, in (be saddle
and, taking the lead before quarter of a
mile bad been traveled, won under
double-reefed sails from Scimitar, *ho
opened favorite. Draught, the favorite,
backed by the Watson boys, was third.
Another happening that set the wise set
agog was the clever victory of Billy Vice,
with the short price of 60 to 1 against his
name. He outfooted the 3to 5 choice,
BernardiHo through the stretch, passing
the wire a length to the pood, riddea by
the Montano "Garrison" Gol ten.
Gold Boy, tne 9 to 20 favorite for the
opening six furlong run, could not endure
for one moment No. 4, and decided to
finish among the first three. In a gorge
ous drive Sir Philip, at fours, nosed out
Rejected, who finished away back among
the "also runs," the last tim« out.
Osric I I was installed a 4 to 5 favorite
for the two-year-old dash that followed,
but was easily downed by Principle, who
came throueh in the stretch like a real
food one. The winner was 4tol iv the
betting.
If the fast sprinter Hymn had one-half
the attention lavished on him at tue post
that some other entries do he might have
his backers a run for their money.
Heavily backed *at 4 to 5 to win the own
ers' Handicap, he was allotted almost any
position but a favorable one, and when
sent off last bolted and was left. Quick
silver then had matters his own way and
galloped in five lengths before Major
Cook, the second choice.
♦
Notes.
Snider was indefinitely suspended by the
judges for his indifferent riding of De
fender in the second race.
. Frank Ness, the trainer of Billy Vice,
thought tne youngster would win, and
made a quite a clean-up over his victory.
The following bookmaking firms cut in
yesterday : Eli Perles, Eckert & Co.,
Howell & Co., J. J. ONeil, Wallace & Co.,
Joe Rose, Harris & Co., Ridley & Co:,
George Ro»e, Hanover Club, Stuyvesant
Club, J. A. Magee, Cook & Co., W. E.
Nixon. W. J. Torpie and Hoffman & Co. —
sixteen in all.
Inrlammutor promises to become the
! best horse in Green Morris' stable. He
undoubtedly ran the best race of any of
the starters in the third race.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, two-year
old maidens— l 27 Dr. Martin 10ti, 144 Cather
ine the Great 105. 14t> J. Wheeler 110, 127
ManzaiiHk) 100, 13J Val.los 105, 112 Ezekiel
: 113, 127 Tropical 113, 127 Cheridah 110, 132
1 El Laaronc 113.
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, sell
-1 ins— ll9 Last Chance 113, 13S Don Flo Pico
■ 102, Hi Gondola 104, 133 N.c Ntic 99, 138
! .-k ...ka:u. 1 1 I- 133 Jack Aikins 102, 138 Agi
tato 104, 14ti Elmer F 107, 100 Allahabad 104,
| 137 Banjo 113.
Third race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
! ing, two-yuar-o.d lilliet, — 131 Alma 105, 123
i Dura 100, 123 GrauJtzia 105. Wenoma 107,
Sly 108, 123 Cordova 90, 132 uyst 104.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles —
! Jlra Corbett 119. Hello 119, (6o) Baby Bill 119,
! 44 Long Lad)) 110, 122 NuDopolassiir 119, 141
! Haymarkei 119, 135 Vernon 119, 141 Navy
I Biue 119. 142 Zaraaossa 119. 99 J. O (. 119.
Flftn race, oue-mile handicap— (l4o) Sir Piny
110,140 Torsiua 108.(130) Semper Lex 110,
(141) Lit.le Critic 97, (139) Salisbury 11 95,
(134) The. ma 100, 140 Tuomhill 105, 130 Peter
the aeeoucj [>:>.
riixth race, three-quarters mile, selling— l 42
Peril 107, [VS'-i) Panm-rslon 105, 139 Cnarles A
104, 13'J candor 113, 134 Howard 113, 129
Earl Cochrau 105, Fly 113, i4l Tuxedo 107,
TO-DAY'S SPORTING EVENTS.
Football, Kaseball, Ruwing, Coursing,
Wheeling and Trap-Shooting.
The great annual intercollegiate foot
ball game between the Stanford and Berke
ley teams will be decided this afternoon at
Central Park, and doubtless there will be
thousands of people present to witness it.
In the forenoon a regatta under the
auspices of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion will be held at Oakland Creek, and, as
there are oarsmen from Stockton, Ala
meda and thi- City entered lor -the con
test?, a grand forenoon's sport is assured,
weather permitting.
The wheelmen will witness some first
class races this afternoon on the new Velo
drome track. As several of the crack
riders have entered for the contests, close
and spirited races are expected.
:■.-. Ti:e lovers of the leash will De well rep
resented at the Ingleside Coursing Park
to-day. A large number of first-class dogs
which took part in tne recent Merced
meeting will enter the slips.
\ The managers of the baseball grounds
at Sixteenth and Foisom 3treets have ar
ranged for a first-class game of bail this
afternoon. . ■
At Aiaraeda Point a trap-shooting tour
nament will be held and a special match
race between some of the local sportsmen
will doubtless attract much attention, as
considerable money baa been wagered on
the result.
The Imperial Reopens To- Day.
One of the most popular resorts for
many years in this City which was re
cently closed will throw open its doors
again to-day in a grand re-opening.
The establishment in question is the
well known Imperial at 1016 Market
street The renewul in busine>s of the
Imperial to-day will be celebrated in most
befitting style. The proprietors of tha re
sort, W. O. and I. N. Haslan, have made
every provision to greet their friends in
their new home with a turkey Thanks
giving day dinner not to be surpassed in
town. In the supply of liquors and cigars
their stock, as usual, is to comprise only
the finest brands.
The Golden West Clab.
In addi'ion to the Traeey and Ryan ten
ruund contest, which will be held on Monday
evening, the managers of the Golden West
Club have arranged some good preliminaries,
viz.: Jack otenzlerand Tom Johnson of Marys
ville will box a limited number of rounds, and
Charles Rocnette and Frank Butler will also
appear iv what promises to be a lively set-to.
The cub managers guarantee the sport-loving
pub lc a first-class evening*! entertainment.
NEW TO-DAT.
[Always FIRST
I Gail Borden
j Eagle Brand
! CONDENSED JIILK
1 For 35 years the leading brand. It is the
1 Beit and the most economical. '
[ A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS
HOW THANKS
WILL BE GIVEN
Church Services and Din
ners Arranged for
To-Day.
Bishop Newman and Rev. Ho
ratio Stebbins Will Hold
Formal Services.
A Number of Places Where Dinners
Will Be G.ven for the B n?fit
of the Poor.
There will be Thanksgiving services at
a number of places to-day, and dinners
will be given at several places.
Special Thanksgiving exercises will be
held at tbe Eighth Congreeational Church,
on Broad street. Ocean View, in the even
ing at 7:30 o'clock. There will be appro
priate decorations. Rev. W. H. Tubbwill
deliver an address. The following music
will be rendered: Jubilate (Shelley);
"Vesper Hour," solo and violin obligate
(Shelley); "I Will Praise Thee" (Farmer's
Mass B); Jubilate Deo (Sudds); "Glory
to God on High" (Mozart); "Home, Sweet
Home," by quartet. Dr. F. D. Walsh,
musical director.
Bishop Newman will conduct the
Thanksgiving services at the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church to-day.
Rev. Horatio Stebbins will conduct the
joint seivices of the Unitarians at the
First Unitarian Church to-day.
The Sisters of the Holy Family have
provided a dinner for tbe little children of
the Sacred Heart, Bt. Francis and St. Jo
seph homes, conducted by them, to be
given this afternoon at the Hoiy Family
Convent, corner of Hayes and Fiilmore
streets. Archbishop Riordan will be pres
ent to conduct the religious ceremony pre
ceding the dinner.
Company F, Boys : Brigade (in aid of
the uniform fund), will give an entertain
ment to-night. The following programme
will be rendered:
Bass solo, Professor S. Sandy of St. Mary's
Cathedral; recitation. Corporal A. Schuhman;
vocal duct, the Tenny sisters; piano solo. Miss
Lulu Lewis; whistling song, "Whistle and
Hoe," H. Ryan, F. (jiiman, A. Berry, 7. Got
tung, F. Uenchell, F. Norton. W. Hess, G.
Woodbury. E. Schurman and A. Hewlett, Pro
fessor Martin accompanist; guitar
selections, W. Herrick ; vocal solo, Mtss
A 1 vina Sethmann; wand calisthenics, the
Misses Cora Bailey, Lizzie Frotnm, Nan
nie Mayhew, Edith Gibson, Annie
Jensen, Florence Kentfield, Lottie Keunan,
Lillie Kennett, Daisy Norton, Juliette Piourde;
Katie Weil, Nellie Thomas; Miss Emma
Onyon, instructor; Miss Jennie A. Mayhew,
accompanist; vocal duet. Misses Florence and
Susie Schuliz; recitation, Miss lelia Green;
violin solo, Dr. F. D. Walsh; bass solo, Profes
sor S. J. Sandy ; exhibition drill bj the Fancy
IfEW TO-D AT."
Is n't it worth your while
to know whether Schilling
Best tea is as good as we
say?
Get a package of it ; your
grocer is glad to return your
money if. you don't like it.
A Schilling: & Company
San Krancisro ■ 463 .
, KEW TO-L AT— AMUSEMENTS.
TniCDLA^tfIOOTTLODft <3>- LtibCJArionAiiAiUJ---
WELL IT'S A
zz=— : FACT
A SPECIAL THANKSGIVING
MATINEE TO-DAY !
JOSEPH GRISIER— PIMEBE DAVIES.
button Vane's Entertaining Melodrama,
. Management Wm. A. Brady.
.Many Thrilling. Keallstic and Brilliant Scenes.
The Combat on Horseback— the Startling Ex-
plosion— 20 Horses— Foxhounds—
50 People— so.
Monday, November 30,
■ JOSEPH GBISXSB & PHCEBK DAVIES
— — "THE NEW SOl'lH."
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KEXKEDY........;.... .Sole Proprietor
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY! — "
Another Star:llnE Sensation I
TO-NIGHT. NOVEMBER 26
Prince of Hypnotists. j
• Will Introduce a Number of
HANDSOME LADY SUBJECTS!
Prices-lOc, 15c, 25c, 60c. Mat. Sat. and Sun.—
! ; 10c and 25c. Loii't Miss It. ion or* mi. .
BICYCLE RACES.
VELODROME!
/ To-Day, at 2 O'clock Sharp.
GREAT >-/^>-v
PROGRAMME r^*|S?)
Music by Casassa's First Regiment Band.
ADMISSION 25 AND 50 CENTS.
Next Meet Saturday. December S.
THE CHUTES.
SCHOOL CHILDREN'S AFTERNOON.
? BALLOON ASCEIION
EMILJARKEBERG.
" TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
~;:; - fireworks
SUTROBATHS.
THANKSGIVING DAY !
BIG PROGRAMME ARRANGED.
COMEDY. AND BURLESQUE.
FANCY HIGH AND TRAPEZE DIVING.
GRAND CONCERT. t—
Admission..*.. ...'.V. ..; 10 Cent* .
Children : . .'..... ..:..."....... .*.-; ..... 5 Cents
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. »I. 101 l r. M.
Concert Every Afternoon and Saturday
»>-->•> : and Sunday Evening*. '-.r -■
Admission— Adults 10c, Children sc.
XEW TO-DAT.
That Pleasing
Paralyzing Pie!
How good it looks! How
good it is! And how it
hurts. Why not look into the
question of Pill after Pie?
Eat your pie and take Ayer's
Pills after, and pie will please
and not paralyze.
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
CURE DYSPEPSIA.
Drill squad; company drill. The following
ladles have charge of the refreshments : Mrs.
C. Thomas, Mrs. W. E. Mayhew, Mrs. E. P.
Hewlett, Mrs. W. F. Gibson, Miss Lizzie Pen
nington and Mrs. C. J. Smith.
The Prnit and Flower Mission has issued
a Thanksgiving appeal, which has been
widely distributed.
The Salvation Army has foregone any
Thanksgiving dinner, as they will concen
trate all their energies on a Chrismas din
ner and general aid for the poor.
Smaller Colleges' Football.
Cogswell College and the Lick Polytechnic
School will play a match game of football next
Saturday afternoon at the Sixteenth and Fol
som-street grounds. These two institutions
are old and strong rivals, and this game is the
match of the year for both.
•• — — «
Boys' Brigade at Howard Church. ||
A grand entertainment will be given under
the auspices of Company F, Boys' Brigade, at
Howard M. E. Church to-night. The proceeds
will go toward helping their uniform fund.
An excellent programme has been arranged.
K.EW TO-DAI-AMUSEME3TIS. .
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALUiYMA.v & Co. (Incorporated) I'roprta'-jri
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3. "
TO-NIGH AT X SHARP.
Friday Night and S;tf . Mat.— Times
MR. N. O. QOODWIN
And His Superb Company, headed by MISS
. - MAXIM. ELLIOTT.
IN HIS NKW CiIIIBDY
An AME^IO A IST CITIZEN
By Madeline mottle Kyley, Author at
. '. "Christopher Jr." • ■
Saturday Night — Only Time
"THci RIVALS."
Mr. Goodwin as Bob Acres (first time in America).
Next "Week— Mß. WILTON LACICAYE
in "Dr. B«lgraftV f Seats Rea.iy To-day.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
RAH! RAH! RAH! STANFORD!
THANKSGIVING NIGHT,
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26TH.
IiKAXI) KJTTEKTAIXMKNT BY
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
A perfect whirlwind of novelties. An original
burlesque, serpentine dances, grand ballet, orig-
inal clog dances, novel specialties, the Glee Club,
the Mandolin Club. Sea>s on sale at the box office.
Hoc, 50c, 75c, SI. OO.
EXTJR A.— Owinct to h<*r phenomenal reception,
and hundreds having been unable to secure Heats,
Foacial Farewell Performance Saturday Night,
Nov. 28, LA LOIE FULLER. Seats now ready.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS.KKNK3TIMK Kbxlini}. Proprietor JS It «a»i«
LiAST NIGHTS
OF THE MERRY COMIC OPERA,
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR NEXT WEEK,
THE FAVORITE OPERA COMIQUE,
"THE LITTLE DUKE"
Popular Prices 250 and sOc,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager
THIS AFTERNOON,
Special Thanksgiving -Day Matinee!
OfHERNt'cS Beautiful Domestic Drama,
"HEARTS OF OAK!"
A Splendid Cast! Realistic Wreck Scene!
Grand Stage Pictures!
Evcnlne Prices — 100, 250 and 500.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stocicton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Thursday), Nov. 26.
Parquet, any seat, - _'sc; balcony, any sea., lOi.
Children, 10c. any par:.
A JOYOUS THANKSGIVING BILL!
- -■ The Bright Particular star-.
GEORuE THATCHER & Xi). MARBLE,
~ Ihe Far-Fntu d Mlnstreli and Comedians.
EDWAKI) HKFFKi.NAN. the clever Irish Mon-
olognlst. THK HENGLER SISTEKS,
■• In New Hongs and Chic .Dances.
■ And a Great Vaudeville Company.
O'Farrell St.. bet. Stockton and Pow<>i:.
BeUsco. Jortan A < a Faille. Lessees & Manazers
THANKSGIVING MATINEE TO-DAY.
- THE BKST PLAY l> VEA..S!
■ - The Modern t>ociety Drama.
••THE END OF THE CENTURY!"
Night— lsc, 25c, 85c. 60c. Matinees— lsc, 25c, 83;.
Telephone Biaci; 991. ;
AUDITORIUM THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.;
Thanksgiving Night.. ...... November 26
"IN KOKOPO!"
An Orllnal Burlesque Extravaeanza in » acts,
by DkWITT H. GRaY. presented by Students of
the University of California, fur the - ■ •
BENEFIT OF THE ATHLETIC
ASSOCIATION OF THE UNIVERSITY.
Seats, 50c. 75c and SI.
. JBS" On gale at Box Office.
FOOTBALL GAME.
Rain or Shine
C233NTT2FL.A.XJ PARK.
Stanford.
California.
Thanksgiving Day, Thursday, Nov. 26,
Gates Open at 12 o'clock.
Game Ca led at 2 : 30.
Prices ......91. 00, »1.80. 83. 00, 113,00
, Tickets in sale at Clabrough,. Golcher <& la;
J. J. Fflster & Co., aid E. T. Allen it Co. H-
R.Ul\« RACHG
—^CALIFORNIA JOCKEY-CLUB—
WINTER MEETING, 1596-97.
Beginning Monday, November IS.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
». •■■..:•• Kainor .-nine. •
FIVE OK MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
■ Races ' Start .at > 2: 15 . P. 31. ■ Sharp
ferry Boats 1-ave San Francisco at 12 v. and
12:30, 1 00, 1:BO and '2: )0 p. m.. connecting wlta
trains stopping ac the entrance to track.
V. Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley. .
■'Returning— Train* leave, the Track at 4:15 and
4:15 p m. and immediately after the last race.
' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Jfrwldsnt.
R. B. MILKOY, Secretary.
. ■- -
78
FARMERS PAY
TOO MUCH TAX
Professor Plehn Assails
the American Revenue
System.
Explains His Obj=ctioD at the
Convention of County •
Assessors.
Many Changes in State Laws Recom
mended at the Sacramento
Conference.
,v
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 25.— A1l day
long the County Assessors of California
have been endeavoring to solve the many
knotty problems -which are continually
cropping up as the discussion on revision
of certain sections of the code governing
tbeir duties is entered upon more fuliy.
Shortly after the convention reconvened
this morning the committee on revision
returned to the committee of the whole
and asked a general discussion on section
3831. which provides that the Assessor is
liable for the taxes not collected, unless
they are illegal, invalid or void.
Barharn of Tehama wisJied this act to
be made more liberal, citing the instance
of ships that must be assessed in San
Francisco, where registered, but which
leave before assessments can be collected.
He did not want the section repented, as
the draft of a new section would virtually
mean.
King of Fan Luis Obispo said that the
Jaw could not make a man do an impossi
bility. It was his opinion that the sec
tion was unconstitutional in regard to the
limitation of defense. Equalizer Beamer
spoke against the rerieai.
He said it would not do to take away
the responsibility of Assessors. Oriman
of San Joaquin said he felt as did Mr.
Beamer.
King again spoke on the question of ex
tending the defense. He also wished
more time in which the.«e taxes could be
paid in on account of the trouble con
nected with the collection.
Beamer stated that this was not a hard
ship on the Assessor. It was hi< excu?e
lor collecting in all cases; it was a oenetit
rather than a hardship. Nuner of Cala
veras sided with Beamer. This was also
the view of Snitzer of Santa Clara.
The motion in favor of repealing the
section was put and lost. A motion to
reter back to the committee, with a recom
mendation to extend the time until the
Ist of October and alsd extend the defense,
was also lost.
When the question as to the power of
Assessors to assess snowsheds, etc., along
railroads was called up it was found
that it had not been submitted to
The Board of Equalisation ollicially.
Beamer stated that he was of
the opinion that they were not
assessed by the board, and that they
should be assessed by the Assessors. It
wax the duty of the Assessor io assess
railroad fences in their respective coun
ti<>s. As lor sbowshe'ds they were a su
perstructure, and as the Board of € Equali
sation assessed all substructures and su
perstructures the Assessors had nothing
whatever to do with them. The conven
tion accepted the answer of Beamer.
King of San Luis Obispo presented a
resolution to the effect that it be declared
the sense of the convetion tbat the State
Board of Equalization be empowered to
raise or lower the assessment of different
cias-es of property in equalizing between
counties and that the be submitted
to the people as a propo:ed constitutional
amendment.
At the present time the equalizers can
make only a horizontal raise or reduction
of all property in the county, although
personal property alone maybe assessed
too low, while real estate may be as-
Bessed at the proper value. The proposi
tion was referred to a committee.
Gibson of Tulare wanted a constitu
tional amendment exempting $250 of per
sonal property from taxation. This was
voted down.
Vincent of Fresno wished the word
"fraudulent" stricken out of section 429.
The motion to suggest the change was
carried.
Carl Plehn, professor of political econ*
omy at the State University, was called
upon to address the convention and said:
1 did not come here to address, but to listen,
and this gives roe a chance to thank the con
vention for their courtesy. I have learned
jnore by this discission oi the practical work
ing of the revenue laws of the State than 1
could by years of careful study.
I understand you bare come together to get
Ihe present system into working order rather
than chance the conditions Almost all writ
ers on the subject of general property iax
claim we nave the -worst system ot any civil
ized country, the objections resting upon prin
ciples that under!;.- the whole tax system.
'In- general theory is that ench person is
accorded a. benefit commensurate t<> ttie prep
erty lie owns. Under the protection of the
Government a man is able to carry on his
rccupation, yet if he invests his sav
ings i» certain property lie pays no
tax. for property has become iarsrely
intangible. It i.s impossible'at the present time
to arrive as ihc true value of many kinds of
property. It is impossible to hsscss a news
paper, for instance. The presses and build
ings might be assessed, bin the real thing, the
newspaper itse f. could not be. We separate
property from the owners, making it not the
owner, respoimb.e for the tax, and, by this
rneens place a clond upon its title. In theory
we do not know but that the article we pnr
< iiHs • in a store may have a lieu upon it, tiled
by the Tax Collector.
But when it comes to real estate the real
periousuess of ibe tyatem is apparent. As
Assessors you ennnot teli how much personal
property in yc.ir cooaUej escapes tax
ation, k very large proportion does un
doubtedly escape, and this for tiie rea
son that it is so easily hidden from
view. Yon would assess it if you could fina
it, but you cannot find v. Tin- ilnnk Commis
sioners are able to find a Rreat deal more prop
erty on the Ist of March^helonping to the
banks than you are abl«s to Ijnd a few months
later. The result of this is that taxation is
unequal. He who does not conceal his prop
erty pays the tax of him who does.
The farmer is the greatest sufferer, naying a
great deal more la proportion to nil real
■wealth than does th« property-owner in the
city. The burden which the farmer is carving
Js tremendous and the time is coming when,
this must change.
The farmer cannot stand this for rII time,
and it is '.o the advantage of the Government
that the mailer be speedily remedied. I shall
welcome the day wncu our entire system is
changed and we rane our revenue through In
come taxes, corporation taxes and special taxes
on insurance companies and banks.
At the conclusion of the address the
committee on revision gave notice that
its report, was read. On motion the con
vention voted to hear the report. It recom
mended that section iW'AO ba repealed.
This relates to visiting every house in the
'listrict la making up the heldboot. The
recommendation was adopted. Action
was taken on other sections as follows:
' 3651— Changed. making of index a county
charge/. Carried. , : • ; ' r "'
3053— Making twenty cents charges per folio
for all descriptions; amended to ten cents.
Carried as amended. : - :.
3658— Taking away, the 'power, of the State
Board of Equalization to prescribe forms for
maps, etc., and the making of the maps taken
out of the hands of surveyors and put into Hie
hands of one who must Dm it at the Board of
Supervisor*' dictation. . Carried. .. — 1
, 3678— Firsi, ttking . the making of abstract .
out of the hands of Recorder' and putting it :
Into the hands of the Assessor; and extending,
the abstract to include all mortgage transac
tion*, etc. Matttsoti of Santa Cruz, amends,
the' Recorder to preps abstract under 'the
fcoptrv.'slon'of the Assessor and fixing the
date at second Monday in March. Carried as
amfr.ded.
3681— Limiting time of notice to five days
instead of ten. Carried.
:;7:;s— To be repealed. Carried.
3710— Changing from first Monday in Octo
ber to second. Carriea.
3820— Striking out "personal." Carried.
3421— Changing from first Monday to third.
Carriud.
3S2ri— lnserting "real, nnd." Carried.
3481— Striking oat 'inform," extending ju
risdiction to a!l bounties. Carried.
The resolution recommending changing
%44 so that water crafts may be assessed
in counties other than ports of entry.
Carried.
The report as a whole, as amended, was
adopted. The committee on legislation,
in conjunction with the State Board of
Equalization and the Code Commission,
will present the recommendations to the
Legislature.
TRIAL OF THE OREGON.
Official Test of the ' iiattlr-Ship'a ' Jrtna
: tnent and Gun*. -\
SANTA CRUZ, Cal, Nov. 25.— The
battle-ship Oregon, commanded by Cap
tain Ilowison, was taken out of the harbor
two miles this morning and an official
trial of her armament and guns made by
the Board of Inspectors, the senior mem
ber of which is Captain. Kemp. After
three hours' severe test the Oregon re
turned at 4 p. m.
The weather during the trial was- fair.
with a . heavy sea running. . The • huge
vessel .performed . her evolutions admir
ably, ami although the Board of Inspec
tion will give no official utterance upon
the subject of her armament it is generally
believed the guns are highly satisfactory
and the crew prepared for. any emerge«cy-
SAN JOSH'S A RT SHOW.
Sueeets of the Festival of Living Book*
and Potttrr Exhibit.
SAN JOSE, Cau, Nov. 25.— festival
of living boots and exhibition of art post
ers for ihe benefit of the Unitarian church
at Hale's Hall ie proving one of the most
successful - festivals.' ever held in
this city. It is a novel and instructive en
tertainment. ' The attendance this even
ing was large. A feature of the carnival
is an exhibition of the mysterious power
of the X ray by Dr. Waverley Clark of San
Francisco. '
Among the display of posters area num
ber of Sarah Bern hard t posters imported
from Paris lor the occasion. In the con
test for the best original design represen
tative of Santa Clara County posters have
been entered by S. J. Yard, Mrs. C. E.
Maynard and H. C. Lewis.
Santa Clara fanner Fuilt.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 25.— George F.
Smith, a farmer and orchardist near
Santa Clara, and Lizzie B. Smith, his
wife, to-day filed separate petitions in in
solvency*. Smith places his liabilities at
$15,198. while those of his wife are given
at $13,775. Both schedules are practically
the same. The assets consist of tiftv-five
acres of land, which i* subject to a $11,003
mortgage held by the Home Mutual lii
anranoe Company of this city. Both peti
tions will be heard December 4.
Woodland. Anon tame Ended.
WOODLAND. Cal., Nov. 25.— The trial
of Charies Shephard, charged with having
set tire to the Woodland Woolen-mills,
was brought fo a close to-day. The jury
was out over twenty-four hours, but failed
to agree, standing eleven for acquitial anil
one lor conviction. The ease will not
come up for trial again. District Attorney
liopKins says he cannot make the QftM
any stronger, and consequently he moved
for a dismissal, which was ordered. Phillip
Collura. who was jointly charged with the
same crime, is Mill at liberty, having
jumped his bail before Shephard's trial
began.
Ttxiyi Santa Cruz Property.
BANTA CRUZ, Cat-., Nov. 26.— One of
the most important real estate deals of
the year has just been closed here. Mat
thews & Tattle, acting as agents, have
sold a choice pi?ce of land on the west
side of tue cliff drive, ad joinin • the Lynch
rroperty, to Francis T. Cutting of* the
Cutting Packing Company of San Fran
cisco. A beautiful seaside residence will
be at once erected.
H ill Wed at Santa Jlonn.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 25. - The
engagement of M. L. McDonald Jr., son
of Colonel M. L. McDonald of this city,
and Miss Isabel Juillard, daughter of C.
THE PRINCIPALS IN YESTERDAY'S WEDDING.
F. Juillard of this rity, has been an
nounced. The wedding will take p!ace
about the middle of December. The
prospective groom is a graduate of Prince
ton College and a prominent young busi
ness man here. Miss Juitiard is h sister
of Major L. W. Juillard and has lately re
turned from an extended v sit in Europe.
VTInM a Hut Muff Belle.
RED BLUFF, Cal., Nov. 28.— Mb|
Josephine Cone, eldest daughter of the
late J. S. Cone of this place, was united in
marriage to John Dicken son Sherwood of
Spokane, Washincton, in the St Peter's
Parish church at 8:30 o'clock this evening,
T. H. Gilbert, D.D., officiating. Mr. Sher
wood is a wealthy business man of
Spokane, and i* president of the electric
street railway company of that city.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1896.
SCALP OF ISIDOR JACOBS
SMOKES IN THE WIGWAM
He Voted for McKiniey and Daringly Boasted of His
Treason by the Council Fire of the
Iroquois Braves.
Convicted of Charges of Dis
loyalty and He Will Ba
Expelled.
WOULD BE KUINED BY BRYAN.
AJI That Wculi Be Left for Him Wou!
Ba to Commit Suicide, Sail
a Witness.
Rank treason of the gamiest, rankest
and most ancient kind has invaded the
wigwam of the Iroquois braves.
One of the braves actually trampled An
drew Jackson. £lax Popper, William Jen
nings Bryan and Sam Rainey underfoot
by not only parading in the big Repub
lican procession on October .'SO, but by go
ing to the polls on November 3 and de
liberately voting for the McKiniey and
Hobart electors. Judging from the rea
sons given by him in justification of this
act of high treason, it must be inferred
tbat the unfaithful brave also voted for a
Republican Congressman and for a Re
publican representative from San Fran
cisco to the State Legislature.
He was not only guilty of this deed, but
he did more. When he placed the red
cross of his approval opposite the names
oi the Presidential electors of his choice
he was in the solitude of the election
booth, and no human eye witnessed the
foul deed when ho stabbed his party to the
heart with the red rubber stamp.
Then, when he had folded his ballot and
the officer of election had smilingly de
posited it in the box with the final word
"voted," the happy Iroquois braves stand
ing by never dreamed tliat one of their
mightiest sachems had smitten tnem in
the neck with a Republican club.
No one would have known anything at
all about it had not Isidor Jacobs, the
recreant brave alluded to, uplifted his
melodious bazoo and publicly proclaimed
his shame.
It was on the first meeting of the Iro
| quois Club after the election cyclone, and
i the red man's moon was dark, the date
being Friday, November 13, when Mr.
Jacobs stood at the door of the wigwam,
and as the Draves w Te passing in he sang
a war song, taunting them because their
faces were long and their "carts were had.
"Ha! lia!' lie cried, defiantly. "I voted
for McKiniey and Hobart, and I'm proud
of it. I'd do it again if 1 got the chance.
I glory in it."
Among the bic chiefs whose sorrow was
outraged by those treasonable words were
Dr. J. Gordon. Samuel McKee, David
Pn.tt and Tnomas J. Mcßride.
Dr. Gordon at the next meeting pre- i
f erred a formal complaint against Jacobs,
charging him with conduct unbecoming a
member of the Iroquois Club. A commit
tee of investigation, headed by Judge A.
D. Lemon and Max Popper, was appointed j
to investigate the charge and to report to
the club at its next meeting.
The committee went into session last
Tuesday night in the law offices of Arthur j
E. Mack, in the Marye building, and ex- c
aniined several witnesses. At the conclu
sion of the investigation ttie committee j
decided to recommend the expulsion of
Mr. .Jacob-, on finding the charges to be
well founded.
The lirst witness was Dr. D. J. Gordon.
He saw Isidor Jacobs nt the door of ibo
Wigwam on the night of the last meeting,
and heard Jacobs make the assertion that
lie (Jacobs) had voted for the McKiniey i
and Hobart electors.
"He said something about the Chicago j
platform," continued Dr. Gordon, ."but I
didn't pay any further attention to what
ho said. I K ot all that 1 wanted there,
after »ie said that he voted for the Me-
Kinley electors. Jacobs said that if hs
had it to do again, and if it were the same
platform and under the same conditions,
he would support the Republican electors,
provided the Democrats indorseed
the stiver plank in the platform. I heard
that Mr. Jacobs marched in the Republi
can parade, but I didn't see him."
Samuel McK.ee, the next witness, was
present on the same occasion and gave
similar evidence. After Jacobs hmJ made
his shameless declaration ho added that
h« was proud that he had voted for Me-
Kinley and would do so a vain if neces
sary. When the question was put to him
by friends whether he was not sorry for
what he had done he replied that he was
proud of it an. l would do it again. He de
clared that he would not apologize for
what he had done and would not make
I any apology at all. Jacobs declared that
I he was opposed to the Chicago platform
| and would nor support the candidates, and
I he started in to criticize and find fault
| with them.
In defense of his conduct Jacobs told
the witness at the time that Mr. Bryan,
the Democratiecandidate, had on a former
occasion voted for Weaver, who was not
at that time a Democrat running on the
Democratic ticket.
David Pratt, another witness, told of
Jacobs saying that at lirst he was in
| clined to vote for Palmer and Buckner.
j Then he said that he did not wish to put
in half a vote and that he voted for Mc-
Kiniey.
"Was Mr. Jacobs at that time a member
in good standing of the Iroquois Club?"
asked Max Popper.
"I don't think he was," replied Mr.
j Pratt. "He owed more than $L' so on the
' books."
Abraham Jacobs, a relative of the ac
! eased, told about a conversation he l»ad
had with Isidor on the street corner. Isi
dor said that if he voted for Bryan he
would be ruined; that he had received
I dispatches from England from persons
I who wanted to buy his business, and that
, if McKiniey should fail of election he,
i Jacobs, would be a ruined man. and that
i all that would be left for him to do would
De to commit suicide.
Thomas J. Mcßride corroborated the
! statement of the previous witnesses.
At the next meeting of the Iroquois
CluD the gory scalp of Isidor Jacobs wili
dangle in the smoke of the council fire.
BURIED BY FRIENDS.
Sail End of the Son of the Man After
Whom Angela Camp Was
Named.
In the death notices which appeared in
the daily papers as occurring in the City
and County Hospital appears that of
Charles C. Angel, aged 34 years. The man
was the son of the well-known miner after
whom Angels .Camp is named, and who
at one time could count his wealth far up
in the thousands. But bis wealth slipped
through his fingers, and when he died he
was a poor man.
His sons fared no better, and this one
who died a ward of. the City was interred
yesterday at the expense of a few of his
personal friends. ' '
HANDS ACROSS THE BAY.
Wedding of Henry Peterinann of Mount
I il<- u and Miss Strehl of
This City.
Miss Millie Strehl of San Francisco
and Henry L. Petermann of Mount Eden
were married last evening at the resi
dence of the bride's parents.
Mount Eden has looked forward to this
weddinufor several weeks and many friends
were in attendance at the pretty ceremony.
Miss Strehl is well known in social cir
cles and is a niece of Assessor Siebe.
The bride was becomingly attired in
white satin and looked, very handsome.
Miss Carrie Strehl, a sister of the bride,
acted as maid of honor. Miss Lucy Ebel
of Sacramento was the bridesmaid. She
wore a pretty pink silk gown and carried
a pink bouuuet.
Fred Wrede of Mount Ede n was best
man. He is a hie-long friend of the
groom.
Henry L. Petermann is one of the best
known men in the interior of the county.
He has been engaged in business at Mount
Eden for many years and owns consider
able property. He has always been lden-
tified with the Native Sons as an active
member.
The groom is the leader of the Republi
can party of Mount Eden. A few months
ago he was mainly instrumental in erect
ing the large Republican wigwam at that
place and during the campaign he was an
active worker in the McKiniey cause.
He is one of the leading spirits of Mount
Eden district and tias a host of friends.
The weddinc took nlace at the home of
the briiie's parents, 'Jf>3l McAllister street
and there was a largo gathering of friends
and relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Pntermann will eniov a
trip through the northern portion ot the
State and will on ttieir return reside at
Mount Eden.
ARTISTS ENTERTAINED.
Annual Gathering at the Partineton
School of Illustration.
Instructors, students and society met
and, judging from the enthusiasm, enjoyed
the annual entertainment of the Parting
ton school %of' illustration, held in the
studio, 424 Pine street, last evening.. .
Among the features of the evening were
vocal and instrumental selections rendered
by Mrs. Blake-Alverson. W. Lovell iZ
strom, w \Y.; Crepaux. Miss Sophia Xew-"
lands, Mrs. Lena Carroll Nicholson rfl 7,
Goo\iseiL eiCR SCh0 ' Chl and Miss Vir^nla
The studio was richly decorated with
Oriental drapery and cushions. ? Divans
anu couches were arranged in true Turktlh
S&S the rooiu ■ » «
WON MILLIONS
AND A BRIDE
Romantic Career of Major
Mills, a Visiting Globe-
Trotter.
The Recipient of Medals From
the Queen for Bravery at
Kandahar.
The So'dier a Money Spender, the Like
of Which Is Illustrated by Find
ers of Bonanzas.
Writteu in a plain way on the register
of the Occidental Hotel and with nothing
to indicate anytning oat of the ordinary
routine are the names of H. L. Mills and
Mrs. Mills, Manchester, England. Be
hind thia simple registration, however,
lies a remarkable story of love and for
tune the like of which is seldom heard.
Mr. Mills, or rather Troop Sergeant-
Major Mills, was, until recently, a soldier
for many years in the British army, serv
ing in India, South Africa and other
countries. He fought bravely during
many bloody engagements, and though
his promotion was slow it came at last
whep he won fame at Charasai, Kabul
and Kandahar.
For his heroism in these terrific engage
ments the British Government bestowed
medals upon hitn, for one of which many
a man in England would be glad to give
$10,000. But while the soldier was far
from home and lisking his life for glory a
relative died. The young soldier had no
The Medals Bestowed by the Queen
on Sergeant-Major Mills.
fortune. One of his relutives was vastly
wealthy and about to die, but two nearer,
twin were between him and this wealth.
But while he was in the wilds of India i
unknown to him all three of the relatives !
passed away. Some time afterward the
soldier was notified of this and a fortnne
of about $4,000,000 was to be divided be- ;
tween him and his sister. The news came
as a sudden surprise. The soldier had en- j
listed for a lows period. But it was not
dillicu't under the circumstances to pur
chase his discharge, and accordingly thia j
was yoon arranged. When it was done he !
set off on his long journey to England to I
claim bis fortune.
When he got there, too. it was speedily j
bestowed en him. The soldier who had!
dragged himself forward wearily on many
n marc!) had at last got such a fortune as
he had never before been able even to hope
for. But when he hail got his great for- •
tune he remembered that in the days be
fora he became a soldier he had an old !
sweetheart. This sweetheart was, when j
he knew her, living in a little suburb of
his native town of Manchester. Thither
the newly created millionaire went. He
soon met the cirl of his choice. She had I
remained unmarried. There was a speeny !
ringing of the »vedding bell?, and the !
happy bride and groom set out on a tour '
ot the world.
This was six months a»o. Since then
they have been in all the countries of the
Orient where the erstwhile unknown
soldier fought. Now they are here to *cc
California and other parts of the coast
and thpv will then go East. Sergeant-
Major Mills is of a merry disposition and
he kept things lively on the Alameda
while en route. Wine flowed in abund
ance, and the gallant soldier's helpmeet
was quicker, if possible, tnan himself in
opening the bottles of champagne. On
the Alameda was a young boy named
Fred, who is said to be n brother of the
assistant postmaster of Brooklyn, N. Y.
The boy hod pot in hard luck in Japan
and Nat Goodwin gave him a job as a
snpe. He wanted to come bact to Amer
ica, but having no money he could not
pay his f:tre. It was finally arranged, how
ever, that he should come as a waiter and
NEW TO-DAT. ■ "„„„„„„'..'
igiigiatsußiEHai^Bpl^
aT ;-• ■- y ';■ . ; . Is
5 . a
I the new, perfected leayener. m
Gil , 15
S| 4 rg
should especially wait on the members of
Nat Goodwin's company.
On board the young fellow made friends
with Millionaire Miils«, and now the latter
L* going to take him along to New York to
look aftei^his luggaae.
"I can do thai anil can stake him to a
few pounds without missing it," said the
millionaire. 'In this way the boy will
pet back home."
Sergeant-Major Mills spoke yesterday of
his strange career. He is a very young
looking man, but says he served twenty
three and a half years in ihe British army.
"I enlisted when I was but 16," he said.
"I served three years in England, one in
India, three in South Africa and five in
Ireland. While in Imtia I served with
Ceneral Huberts, now Lord Robert*, who
is a greater soldier than N.ipoleon. I went
with him in 1850 as troop sergeant-niojor
on his siaff in the ereat march from Kabul
to Kandahar of 395 miles which was made
in twenty-three days. For this I received
the bronzed star inscribed, 'From Kabul
to Kandahar, iHSO,' for which many a man
would pive thousands of pounds.'
The other medal, on one side of which
is the bust of the Queen, hangs below
three bars, on which are inscribed "Chara
sai. Kabul, Kandahar."
The soldier and his bride will probably
be here but a. few days. They visited
Chinatown a night or two ago with some
friends, and t: c generous millionaire, it is
said, spent about £50 to smooth the path
way of the crowd. He bears the reputa
tion of beine as generous as a miner who
has after many years finally struck a great
bonanza.
THE ROWING REGATTA.
Exciting Boat Kaces to Be Held at
A lamed a Mole To-Usy.
Most of the prominent and expert oars
men in the State will participate- in the
e;reat regatta that is to take place at Ala
meda to-day.
The first race will start promptly at
10:15 a. m., and all those wishing to see
it should take the 9:43 narrow-gauge boat
for Alameda.
The entry list, published exclusively in
Tjik Call of yesterday, is a large one.
A large number of elegant and costly
prizes have been offered and will be the
means of creating some lively finishes.
President Humphrey of the Pacific
Athletic Association has made an objec
tion to the race for Otd Timers and the
Naval Reserve taking place under tne
auspicfis of their association, as they are
professionals, his association only counte
nancing amateur sport.
Chairman Pembroke in answer to the
remarks of President Humphrey said:
"I wish to state that so lar as the Naval
Reserve and the Old Timers' race is con
cerned, they are separate and distinct from
the races held under the auspices ot the
A. A. A. They will row on the same
water and on the same day, but that has
nothin? to do with the association.
"If the association wants to draw the
line of amateurs so very closely it should
be applied to every oarsman in San Fran
cisco, for a great many received free
transportation to Stockton, and those races
were held under the auspices of the asso
ciation.
' From the talk I have heard in refer
ence to the Old Timers' race a person
would imagine tbat instead of being old
time oarsmen they are old-time criminals.
I don't hold them as such, as they are all
members of the various boat clubs.
"The objection to them at this iate day
is rather strange and I should say not well
taken. They will row. however, and will
not contaminate the officials of the asso
ciation."
LOOTED A SALOON.
A Burglar Visits the Exchange at 14
Third Street and Carries off
the Cash.
The Exchange Saloon at 14 Third street
was visited by a burglar early yesterday
morning while an arc electric light burned
inside and another equally brilliant lamp
illuminated the exterior. Despite the
bright lights and the transparent glass
panels of tne door he managed to go about
his business unseen and to empty the
cash register of all it contained in money.
The burglar was apparently content
with what loose coin he could find, for he
did not touch either cigars or liquor. Nor
was the safe molested, not as much as a
scratch could be seen on it.
An examination of the premises com
menced. A. Becker, one of The proprie
tors, found thar the thief had secreted
himself in the toilet-room and after tne
saloon was closed at 2:15 a. m. robbed the
cash register and walked off. The booty
amounted to $16, which had been left in
the cash drawer. Marks of the burglar's
shoes were traced from the toilet-room to
the sidewalk. He tried to take off the
lock of the front door, but failing in this
opened the top and bottom sliding bolts
and tben pushed the swinging doors open.
Mr. Becker said he was convinced that
the thief waa familiar with the place.
Some time ago a key was missed from the
door leading to the basement and it was
found in the front door lock after the bur
glar left. From this it was inferred that
the thiei had stolen the key with the in
tention of robbing the saloon. He under
stood how to "beat" the cash register, for
he opened it without ringing the bell by
pressing gently on the key till the drawer
sprang out. The thief was not a safe
cracker, as he did not try his hand upon
the safe, which stands in an obscure
corner.
ROBIN HOOD CARNIVAL.
Me<li:i»i<s' Pavilion the Scehe of 3lerry-
Miikiug Last livening.
Gladiators and knijhts, cupids and fai
ries, goddesses fresh from Olympia,
clowna and jesters, all marched and min
gled in the mazes of the dance at last
night's carnival given by the Robin Hood
Banevolent Association in Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Preceding the dance several novelties
were introduced, including dancing by
the silvery light of the moon, storm ana
tire quadrilles. The Carlton sisters,
C. V*. Graebers' mandolin troupe,
Viola .. Le Page, Billy Harvey,
Mile. Anna .Sbean, J. H. Ordway.
Marco brothers, HerJe B -11. Rafferty and
Tnornhill and La Petite Rose were among
the talent present, which entertained the
visitors for over an hour. "
The management of the carnival was
composed of the following-committees.
Ilonorary committee— W. C. Banner, C. A.
Wiswell, (ieorge husk. J. Levy Jr., Hon. C.
Holmes, S. 11. FriedlHnder, J. Gottlob, R.
Marks, <;. Sieman. Antone Coeh'.o. Mellaldo
Garcia, Jose Fernando, A. L. Gages, John
Noreiga, Hon. Artolph Sutro. George H. >\olfe,
J. A. Itusseli, E. W. Cole, J. M. Cummiugs,
Hon. P. Crow-ley, A. H. Heynemann, John H.
Orne, S. 11. Healey, ■ Fred W. Lees,
John \V. MoTltt, William 'A; Deane,
James Schwaitz, Isador Schwartz, K. I*
Noreigra, O. G. Scialero, Frank Worth,
Charles Maginini, Oscar Lewis. H. C. Far
qnharson, C. F. Carry, Robert White, A. L.
Morg*n«tern, W. H. Wright, J. H. Gilson, Hon.
J. 1. Piinond, General 11. SchafCncr, Hon. J.L.
M. Sheitcrlev, John Morrisev, Johnson Rey
nolds, E. J. Xorris, A. K. Steven?, J. F. Kvdd,
J. B. Ltttighlin, 1). Collins, S. B. McLenegan,
George F. Smith, J. W. Harris.
KecrDtiou committee— General 11. Shaffner,
Edward H. Williams, Chnrles S. Hoffman, Vic
tor C. Post, William K. I'eters, Frank H. Mo
Gowan, Leon Samuels. Ferdinand P. A. Heuer,
Martin Murphy, William J.Wister, William
Nelson."- . ■
Floor director, M. A. Samuels; floor com
mittee—A. C, Cunningham, .1. A. Nelson Dr
J. \V. Levy, \V. W. Mi-Neil, A. Beck worm. F. E*.
Uiiison, W. C. Tremaiu, J. M. Nye Jr., D. >'c-
Kenzie, R. I). Barton, A. W. Sink, j. J. Hogan,
\V. G. Erdman, William Lewis.
Only about one out of every 1000 married
couples live to celebrate their golden wed
ding.
. NEW TO-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
I? DIS B
For Bilious and Nervous dlaorders.such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Glddl<
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, *c., when these symptoms are
caused by constipation,' as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAJI'S PILLS, taken as directed.
.will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly removo obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For a ' '
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a tow doses will work won.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening tn«
muscular system, restoring tho long-loot com*
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
t' to, and arousing with . the Rosebud of
Health the whslo physical energy of
the hums frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one o£
the best guarantees to the Nervous and' Debili-
tated is that Beccbam's Pills liavo the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
in the World. X
WITHOUT k RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
35c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. 3.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 363 Canal St., New
York, post paid.' upon receipt of price. Boole
free upon application.
_ .
tFINE TAILORING
" PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP,
AT MODERATE PRICES, GO TO
JOE POHEIM
the Tailor.
All Wool Suits to c r , o r
Order from 4) 10 to 4>/J)
Fine Worsted and Pique *nit *••.
_„ Suits to Order from 2 oto0 to $25
201 and 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, ' .
New Store, 844 and 846 Market St v
; 1410 and 1112 Market St. San Franclsc*
THE
WEEKLY
Cm.L
c^ It Publishes the Cream of the
erf * News of the Week and
<=•< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
P< ORIGINAL FEATURES."
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
C"< PAPER ON THB
ol PACIFIC COAST
llt Publishes Cream of the
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THB
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its '
cJ Rendering of the Po-
o) litical News.
o? It's the Paper to Send East if
cJ You Want to Advertise ,
ex . California.
°( The Best \ /Mining
ex Telegraphic \y News That
Service on -/\ Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to data
°\ . Not a Line of it Sensational
,PS or Faky , and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
.^1 'A PAPER FOR -THE, 'COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
— J Bright, Clean. ■ A Champ on oi
O( Thoughtful. Truth. \
o{ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATFS SENT BY
°< HOME MAIL, $1.50
W INDUSTRIES ;> YEAR.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLINJURED SHIPPERS
WIN THEIR SUIT
A Lißeled Steamer Case
.. . Decided After Eight
; * Years.
' Steamship Companies Are Re
sponsible for Damaged
■;:.■ # Cargos.
Judge Morrow Intimates That a Dead
." " light Might Have Been Care
'/: ■ ' lessly Left Open.
• : . United States District Jud«e Morrow
. yesterday rendered an opinion in the libel
suit of Bancroft, Whitney and thirty-six
. (Hhers against the Pacific Coast Steamship
•'. Gompany, in which the libelants seek to
•' recover damages aggregating $20,000. The
: I case wars referred to the Commissioner to
v ascertain the exact damages to . be
." recovered. _ ' " . • ' "/ ' ,'/■ "
'. • A history of the case goes back to April 1
t 30, 1833, when the steamer Queen, bound
•from this port to San Diego, sprung a leak
."a^'d began to take in water fast. Captain
Alexander was unable to check the flow
(o{ ocean into his ship and was forced to
run for Port Harford, where he beached
bra vessel. It was a skillful maneuver, as
sue had a valuable cargo as well as 212
■• passengers on board. ;
,'• Much of the cargo in the lower part of
"•the Hold was damaged and was returned
=to*thiß City. Divers were sent down in
tie hull, but found no evidences of injured
, plates; but from testimony given at the
•] trial ii seemed that the theory of an open
.'.'deadlight near the water line was a feasi
ble one.
V Arbeit the flooded compartments were
.in a.few hours pumped out and the vessel
; returned to San Francisco, having sua
•' taineu no damage other than in some
mysterious manner getting full of water.
The owners of the Hooded ireight libeled
..the steamer, alleging that the mishap was
."due to the negligence of the company, and
o the -defense replied that the disaster was
*dne to the "unavoidable perils of the
sea, 1 ; consequently the company was ex
empt by law from all responsibility and
not -constrained to pay damages.
The substance of Judge Morrow's dcci
■' sion is as follows:
." it does not appear from the testimony that
•the vessel alter she left tne port of San'Fran
ciscb met with any accident or injury which
.would cause a leak. She does not itppear to
■ have struck or come in contact with any
rocjts or other object until she was beached at
Pjort Harford. Neither does it appear that
she encountered such boisterous weather as
would account for an opening in her side to
which the leak could ■be attributed. The
testimony does not directly indicate any neg
ligence on the part of the officers or crew in
navigating the vessel, but it does seem to
point to an open deadlight as the cause of the
leak in the water-tight department. After the
vessel had been beached at Port Harford, and
while she was partially under water, a diver ■
;Was sent down to examine her bottom and as
certain what was wrong with the vessel. He
went down several times, and appears to have
stopped the leak, for after his final examina
tion all the bulkhead doors were secured from
the inside, a cofferdam was built around the
forward hatch, the water was pumped out and
the vessel floated. Forty-eight hours after
ward.she nad returned to San Francisco with
out any ieak occurring on the voyage to that
port.
Upon the whole of the case lam of the
opinion that the libelants have made out their
case within the rules of the law against the
"claimant, and that the latter has failed t<l
bring himself within any of the exceptions
provided by the shipping receipts or contracts
of affreightments whicn would relieve him
from liability for .the damages sustained to trie
various shipments made on board the steamer
Queen. . _ ... ... . .
Let a decree be entered in favor of libelants
and let the case be referred to the Commis
sioner to ascertain the damages suffered by
. such shipment, unless the parties can reach
some understanding and agreement respect
ing the amount of damages to be awarded.
PHILBROOK'S NEW MOVE.
' .He Has Filed a Petition Which Attacks
". • the Supreme Court.
1. Horace W. Phil brooK has prepared for
..fiUng a petition in the Supreme Court
•.that the two decisions tiled November 5,
■ :IS9S. in the case of Ira P. Raukin as ad
■■■ Hunistrator of the estate of John Levin
. -son, deceased, against William J. New
■■maii and Benjamin Newman, be vacated.
' --^Ir. Phil brook opened his petition with
.a' request "that the case be heard and de
.•■ ciued in accordance with the constitution
and the law and the dictates of truth and
•justice." He then proceeded to state the
'grounds of his request. The first of these
■was that there was no decision or judg
ment-having the concurrence of four Jus
: tlces, while the constitution provided
that the concurrence of lour Justices
' present at th c argument should be neces
• safy to prouounce a judgment in bank.
./The two decisions were made in bank.
One decision declared that the artic es of
" • partnership authorized a sale of the dead
'.. partn r's intere.-t to the surviving part
ners and the other dc-clared that the arti
••-eles did not authorize a sale and that the
' .sale "was unauthorized and void." Mr.
.Fhilbroofc therefore claimed that there
...was no concurrence of lour Justices, thn c
, -..having decidt-d one v. - ay and three having
• . 'decided the other on this point.
'.Mr. Pbilbrook's second alletiation was"
':that the case was ordered submitted in
of the statutes. Mr. Ran Kin
. never-having been required by the adverse
. -.•party to appoint anotner attorney or hay
. .ing' appeared in person. The third was
■-" tbat, under the constitution, there could
•".be no decision in bank against a party
• 'without hrst allowing him tne right
f^eelj" to argue the case in open court."
M.r. Pnilbrook reiterated the charges
.'which he had previously made concerning
.] lirs disbarment by the Justices and averred
that "when the case was at last cailo l on
' -August 14, 1895. neither Mr. Kankin nor
' any one representing hire, was in court
and* the cause was ordered submitted
without a word «poKen for or by the plain
tiff. The plaintiff never submitted the
ca-se for decision."
•Another reason -.iven for granting the
petition wiis that the two decisions filed
• -.November 5, 1896, were void becau-e not
made Within ninety days after the sub
mission of the case. It was not decided
' for seven months sifter the case was trans
ferred to bant. There were many other
reasons alleged, and many pages in which
shasp mention v/as made concerning
Ralph V. Harrison, now Justice Harrison,
and also concerning the other Justices.
Mr. Philbrook said also that tho brief
• which tfi« Supreme Court described as
"Mr..Philbrook's tirade" was not his brief,
but was Ira P. Rankin's as administrator,
and that when it was filed he (Philbrook)
-was held under disbarment and was not
allowed to file any brief.
Dead and Unknown.
. ' The body of an unknown woman was
removed to the Morgue from a cheap lodging
. chouse, at 411 Pacific street last night. She
■ I came to the place in the moraine with a male
jL^mpanion, and at 7:15 p. M. was found dead
V" the floor of the room. The man haddiF
njpemred and the police are now searching for
'him. Though there is a deep bruise across
the right cheek the woman's death was proba
bly caused by dissipation Hnd the use of mor
phine. An autopsy will be held to-day.
•—• — « — •
.Lvery animal kept by a man, excepting
the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there
ia a .proposal to tax cata. '
Sixth Street Looking South From Market as It Will Appear When Illuminated by Arc Lights Swung in the Middle
of the Thoroughfare.
TEAS, LUNCHEONS
AND RECEPTIONS
Miss Goad Entertains in
Honor of a De
butante.
The Donohoe Tea for Mme. de
Guigne on Yesterday
Afternoon.
Dinner and Theater Party for Miss
Salisbury— Martin At Home.
Hopkins Luncheon.
Yesterday was a busy day in social cir
cles. Teas, receptions, dinners and
luncheons occupied the attention of the
swell set. As usual the debutante was
the primary causes of much of this gayety.
One of the most popular of this season's
buds, Miss Kate Salisbury, was the guest
of honor at the dinner given by Miss
Aiieen Goad last evening.
Covers were laid for eighteen at a table
abiuze with the noted Goad crystal. Pink
rosebuds were used for decorative pur
puses. Seated at the table were: Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, Miss Salisbury, Kisa
Caro Crockett, Miss Jessie Hobart, Miss
Helen Hopkins, Miss Francis Moore, Miss
Genevieve Goad, Miss Aiieen Goad, E. M.
Greenway, Dr. Tevis, C. K. Mclntosh,
Henry Poett, Robert Eyre, Lawrence Van
Winkle, W. Frank Goad.
Mrs. Joseph Donohoe entertained sev
eral hundred ladies at a tea, yesterday, at
her borne, on Broadway, complimentary
to her sister, Mine, de Gui«ne, who leaves
shortly for a winter abroad.
Potted palms and American beauty
roses were used with art.stic effect in dec
orating the house. The hours of the tea
were from 4 io 7.
Mrs. Martin held her tirst Wednesday
"at home" yesterday at the residence of
her sister, Mrs. Peter Donahue, 2112- Pa
cific avenue. Mrs. Donahue, who is just
recovering from a severe illness, was not
well enough to come downstairs and see
the many friend: who anxiously inquired
about her health. The hours of tne re
ception were from a to 6 o'clock. Assisting
Mrs. Martin to receive were the Baroness
yon S< hroeder, Miss Isabel McKenna and
Miss R>mi Wallace.
On Monday evening Mrs. Martin gave
a delightful little dinner party compli
mentary to Miss Kate Salisbury. After
dinner hostess and guests went to the
Baldwin Theater and enjoyed the opening
performance of Nat Goodwin and his
c.ever company. Mrs. Martin's guests
were: Mis^ Salisbury, Miss Isabel Mc-
Kenna, .»Ir. McKenna, Lieutenant Nolan,
Miss Romie Wallace and Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury.
On Tuesday Miss Helen Hopkins gave
an elaborate luncheon at the residence of
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins,
on California street. The tabie was pret
tily decorated with pink and white roses.
Covers were laid for sixteen.
On Monday evening Mr. and Mrs. E. W.
HoDkins entertained a party oi twenty
four young folks at the California Thea
ter. After enjoying La Loie Fuller a de
licious supper was in order. Another
large party on Monday evening was the
one jriven by Mrs. Richard Tobin. Mrs.
Tobin and her guests occupied fourteen
seats in the dress circle.
On Monday evening Mrs. Lewis Gerstle
gave an elaborate dinner, complimentary
to Miss Schweitzer and her fiance, Mr. j
Stefel of New York. American beauty '
roses made an elegant table decoration. '
Covers were laid for sixteen.
In a late issue of this journal appeared j
the "Romance of a Cafe," announcing the |
engagement and foreshadowing the
speedy marriage of Miss Christina Kohn, !
the attractive cashier of the Popular res
taurant, on Geary street. Last evening
she was dmy wedded to the man of her
choice, Howard W. Caldwell. The re- '
ligious ceremony took place in Emanuel
Church, on Twelfth street, the matrimo
nial knot being tied by the pastor, Rev. F.
W. Fischer. The co. T .y little edifice was
thronged with relatives and friends of the
has.py couple, why, with their immediate
attendants, promptly at 8 o'clock, were
gracefully grouped before the altar in the
presence of the officiating clergyman.
The bride wore a ncn and elegant gown
of brocaded silk, ornamented with pearls
and orange blossoms. The maid of nonor.
Miss C. Sposito, was attired in white
nun's veiling, aud the bridesmaid, Misb
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
Elaine Simi, was robed in a\ handsome
India-bilk dress. Miss Katie Krone and
Miss L, Lemp officiated as flower pirfs.
The "best man" was F. W. Krone Jr.
and the groomsman was H. Hausnr.
After the brief services concluded
the newly wedded pair repaired with in
vited guests to the spacious Eintracht
Hall, where after receiving the hearty con
gratulations of hundreds of devoted
friends all sat down to a superb banquet.
A brilliant ball ended the evening's fes
tivities.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. H.
W. Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Krone,
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. McCauley, Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Krone, Mra. M. Boyle, O.
Baker, F. W. Krone Jr., P. Krone, Miss
Maud Lord, Mrs. A. H. Willis. Miss
Katie Krone, Mr. and Mrs. P. Simi. the
Misses B. nnd K. Ruejrg, Mrs. Lemp, Miss
S. Lemp, Miss C. Sposito. H. Hauser, Miss
Susie Willis, the Misses Ella and Beatrice
Simi, Dr. an«t Mrs. Craney, Miss 8. Lange,
Mr. and Mrs. Foiling, Mrs. L. Raynaud.
Miss V. Raynaud, Mr. and Mrs. 'Platz,
Professor Leib, Mr. and Mrs. Boley, Mr.
and Mrs. Chaigneau, Mr. and Mrs. Lowe,
B. McKenna, Mrs. Sposito, the Misses G.
ana C. Sposito. O. Sposito. Mrs M. Turk,
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Hauser, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Hnuser, Mr. and Mrs. C. Heintz, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Younir, Mr«. E. McCaslvn,
Mr. and Mrs. Gondy, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
ken3, Mr. and Mrs. H. Bruckmau, Miss
Jennie Fislier, George Stiles.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young left last
night en route for Europe, to be absent
one year. Miss Deane accompanies them
and will return with her mother, who is
at present in Paris and understood to be
in poor health.
LARKIN STREET NEXT.
The Business Men Want to Get Into
the Van of Improve
ment.
Larkin street, not to be outdone in the
line of improvement, has taken steps to
bring that street from Butter to Market
into the line of progress.
To this end Dr. Edwar 1 E. Hill has for
mulated a call for the property-owners
Dr. Edward E. Hill, the Prime
Mover in the Matter of Im-
Proving Larkin Street*
and persons doing business on that street to
hold a meeting at an early day next week
at Saratoga Hall, on Geary street, for the
purpose of giving an impetus to the move
ment.
The following named property-owners
and business men have signified their in
tention of being present at the proposed
meeting, and doing alt in their power to
further the ends sought to be accom
plished:
John Prapat. Dr. W. T. Kibbler. Ed
Connolly. F. W. Richers, Fred Houser.
Max Bum, C. H. Leaviti, Michelsen &
Son (Ellis street) and several others on
tne line of Larkin street.
SNEAK THIEVES BUSY.
Meverst Valuable Articles Stolen From
a Rioia, 1408 Van Nest Avenue.
Scveml cases of sneak-thievery hare re
cently been reported to the police, and oc
cupants of houses are warned to keep their
front doors locked.
Last nigtu about 6 o'clock a sneak thief
slipped into the house 1408 Van Nes» ave
nne and stole a valuable gold watch and
chain and other articles of jewelry from
the room occupied by Mrs. A. S. Mabie.
A man was seen to enter the house and
the police have obtained a good description
of him. i
The Cbllds Harder.
John Milter, the hunchback, who shot end
killed James H. Childs. a young man. on Clem
entina street, November 18, was arraigned
before Judge Jcacbiinseu yesterday morning.
He pleaded not guilty and his preliminary ex
amination was set lor December 2.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FRANCES WILLARD
WILL COME HERE
That Is the Expectation of
Some of the Temper
ance Workers.
Lccal Rallies of the Women's
Christian Temperance
Union.
Success Has Attended the Efforts of
the S.ate Organize to Augment
Membership.
During the present week the Women's
Christian Temoerance Union has been
holding a series of meetings in this City.
Yesterday two meetings were held at 132
McAllister street. One of these was the
County board meeting and the other was
the meeting of the Central Union, which
was attended by representatives of all the
local unions in the County. Mrs. H. H.
Luse, tiieCountv president, and Mrs. Hen
rietta Skelton were present. A leading
subject of discussion was the coming of
Miss Frances Willaru, who is expected to
visit and work in California during the
coming winter.
Mrs. Henrietta Skelton also made a re
port concerning her work in this County,
where she has met with much success in
the matter of augmenting the member
ship of the local unions. Two meetings
were held on Sunday, which were well at-
tended — one at the Zion M. E. Church and
one at the West bide Christian Churcn.
Meetings were held Monday in the Hamil
ton-square Baptist Church and the Eng
ghsh Lutheran Church, and on Tuesday
in the First Presbyterian Church, the Cal
vary Presbyterian Church and the .foweil
stre'et M. E. Church.
Mrs. Skelton has been recently working
in Lasseh, Modoc, Pmoias and Sierra
counties. From here she will probably go
to Colusa and Glenn counties and later
will pursue the work of organization in
Buite and San Luis Obispo counties. Dur
ing the past year much labor has been ex
pended in twelve counties in the northern
put of the Stale, namely: Siskiyou,
Shasta, Sacramento, San Francisco, Ala
meda, Sonoma, Monterey, Santa Cruz, San
Benito, Amador, Calaveras and San
Joaquin counties, and a le-s amount of
work was performed in Southern Cali
fornia.
The president of the State organization
urged the prosecution of the work in ihe
line of increasing membership at the last
State convention, urging that increased
membership meansan increase of strength,
and that to secure this increase lecturers
and organizers must ba kept in the field.
Ail the workers in the Women's Christian
Temperance Union work are in excellent
spirits concerning the outlook for larger
local unions in many counties.
ALL FOR REPAVEMENT.
Meeting of Property-Ownm to Con
sider the Improvement of Post, Geary
and >tockton Streets.
A call for a meeting of property-owners
wag issued several days ago by the Mer
chants' Association to consider the ad
visability of having certain downtown
blocks, now paved with cobbles, repaved
with a more modern material. The call
was addressed to property-owners on Post
street, lrora ' Montgomery to Stockton,
upon Ge*ary street, from K»arny to Powell,
and upon Stockton street, from Market
to Butter.
In pursuance of this call the following
property-owners were present yesterday
in Assembly Hall, Mills building: James
D. Phelan, F. W. Hinckley. A. M. Davis,
Joseph Figel, O. D. Baldwin, Mrs. S. Mish
C. W. Welch, J. F. Ortmann. Charles
Schroih, Charles Kornneld, S. L. Sacbs
W. J. Somers, S. P. Kimber, C. A. Beh
low, S. Clayburgh, Marlon Leaventritt
and E. Peterson, representing the Shiels
estate; Colonel E. A. Denicke, represent
ing the Mechanics' Institute; and P. W.
Ames, representing the Spring Valley
Water Works. Certain other property
owners along these blocks were repre
! sented. W. H. H. Hart, F. H. \Vocds ana
I F. A. Hihn, property-owners, communi
| cated their willingness to join in the
movement.
A communication from the Market
street Railway Company, addressed to O.
D. Baldwin, was read, stating that the
company had abandoned its tracks on
Stockton street and would remove the
rails.
The meeting was organized by the elec
tion of F. W. Dohrmann, president of the
Merchants' Association, as the perma
nent chairman. In takine the chair Mr.
Dohrmann stat d that the object of the
meeting was the improvement of the pave
ments of the downtown streets now paved
with cobbles. He stated that at the last
meeting of ihe Board of Supervisors a
resoiuticn was adopted that the board wilJ
agree to pay one-half the expense of the
repaying of these blocks, provided the
property-owners paid the other half. A
message was also received from the clerk
of the Board ot Supervisors that the City
would probably pay three-quarters of the
expense of the repavement of the street
fronting City property.
A general discussion then ensued, snow
ing the great desirability of having these
blocks repaved. Mayor-elect Phelan
stated he believed the work should be
undertaken at once and other speakers
present joined him in showing their will
) ingness to have the work done. After a
further discussion of the subject by
Messrs. A. S. Baldwin, O. D. Baldwin,
Marion Leaventritt, Colonel E. A. Denicke
and Andrew M. Davir-, the meeting decided
favorably to the proposition of having the
work done at once.
The chairman of the meeting was then
I unanimously requested to appoint a com
mittee consisting of two property-owners
in each block to solicit the names of other
property-owners to the agreement. The
chairman stated that tha appointment of
the committees would be made as soon as
it could be determined what property-own
ers in each block would be willing to serve
upon the committee. Undoubtedly the
committees will be appointed within a few
days.
Before the meeting closed the chairman
stated that there was no preference for any
special kind of pavem nt or in favor of
any contractor. The entire object of the
Merchants' Association in calling the
meeting was simply to initiate the move
ment for the improvement of these blocks.
The meeting then adjourned subject to
the cail of tne chair.
i.ni'kw r< Pupils.
The pupils of the Lockwood Art studio will
give a dual exhibition of the Children's Cul
ture ana Cosmos Elocution clubs in Uaion
squnre Hall, 4-1 Post street, on Friday even,
ing, December 4. From the high standing of
the Lockwood studio the entertainment,
whicn in to consist of a varied literary pro
gramme, interspersed by fancy dancing, musi
cal selections, with -'Mother Jarley's Wax
works," exhibited for the benefit of "the luile
tots, will be well worth seeing. The wind-up
will be a social dance for tne benefit of all
young and old.
The largest room in the world is in the
imperial palace at St. Petersburg. It is
160 leet long by 150 wide.
-'" '.jgMMSg^— -7~ -■ ~"^\- -~ "~~*-^
Every Genuine Pair Stamped'
BUCKINGHAM & liidii.
: V FR!CES-With Cork Soles.
Men's..... .......... ..'...5500
Ladies' . . : .T. .. $4 50
Without Cork Soles.
Ladies':.:.. . .................5350 v
80y5'....:. 11 to 2, $2 50; 2)4 to 6, $3 00
Misses'.... .'."/.. 11 to 2, $1 75 and $2 50 '
Chi1dren'5. :..:;....... ..6 to 7^. $125- '
".;'■■ . ...8 toJO}*', $150aud*2 0G '.:
Kasts
. 738-740 Market St. ;
Carry a l-'uil I. lnn of Buckingham &
• ' Hecht'i* Fine Shoes.
; MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY; FILLED. 7! t
WILL DEAL WITH
THE GAMBLERS
The Grand Jury After the
Lottery and Faro
Players.
Downtown Pool-Sellers on Horse
Races Are Also Under
Consideration.
Police C' mmissioners and Chif f Crow
ley Suggest Methods to Pre>
vent the Evil.
The Grand Jury was in special session
yesterday to consider matters pertaining
to the Police Department.
The gambling phase was taken up to
the exclusion of everything else, and
Chief Crowley as well as the Police Com
missioners were called upon to say why
the City ordinances were not enforced.
The grand jurors, backed by the knowl
edge they had gained by personal obser
vation, asked the Commissioners and the
Chief how it was that lotteries, both
among the whites and the Chinese, were
running day and night; how it was that
faro banks were accessible to whoever
cared to play, and how it was that pool
rooms for the sale of tickets ou races were
open in the City.
Chief Crowley explained that his men
had instructions to make arrests in all the
cases mentioned, and thai they had done
so repeatedly.
The fault of the entire system, according
to the Chief, is that the Police Uourta do
not impose tines heavy enough to
deter others from committing the same
offense.
Lottery-ticket venders, the Chief stated,
could only be fined a limit o> $50, whereas
the maximum should be sufficiently large
to be a punishment. Heavy tines should
be inflicted on men found with lottery
tickets in their pockets, and faro-bank
dealers, who are now permuted to go at
large with a tine of $200, should be mulcted
to the extent of $1000, while the players
should be fined $250, instead of only $20.
The jury accepted the suggestions and
propose to incorporate them in a recom
mendation to ba properly presented to the
next Legislature.
REFRIGERATOR CARS.
Xhe 1 ailro:t<i Commissioners and the
southern Pacific May Clash Again
About Jurisdiction.
The Board of State Railroad Commis
sioners met yesterday in its office in this
City. Commissioners Stanton and La
Rue were present.
Little business was transacted, the two
Commissioners confining themselves to
an inspection o: the proof sheets of their
report to Governor Budd. No changes of
importance were made in the report, but
refrigerator cars were discussed in an in
formal way. In the report there is a reso
lution adopted by the last Legislature
calling for an investigation into these cars,
and the Commission decided yesterday to
prepare a supplemental report on refriger
ator cars regarding its jurisdiction or
powers over them.
The Southern Pacific Company holds
that the Railroad Commission has no con
trol over those cars, as they are employed
in interstate business, and there is no need
for refrigerator cars in local traffic
throughout California. Upon this ground
any attempt to regalate rales on refriger
ators will likely be contested in the courts
should the commission decide that it ha&
control.
FOLSOM-STREET LINE.
The Electric-Cars Will toon Ban Oat to
•Army Street.
. A . delegation from the Precita Valley !
Improvement Club held a conference yes
terday with General Manager Viniug of
the Market-street railway system. The
club made application for an improve
ment in the •■ streetcar service between
! their neighoorhood and the business part
of town.
At present the Mission-street electric
line has a branch running through Precita
Valley on Twenty-ninth street, but the
improvement club is desirous of having
connection made with the Folsoni-street
! system, which taps another territory.
The committee laid its proposition before
Mr. Vining.
- The result, however, was not quite satis
factory to the delegation, though the rail
way manager stated he would extend the
Folsom-slreet electric line to Army street.
"Beyond that point," he said, "there is a
hill, the grade of which is too sleep for
electric-cars to be run over. Beside-,
there is not enough beyond Army street
to justify extending the line for the
present."
• ♦ — »
Barely 52 per cent of the householders of
London take a morning newspaper, G9 per
cent take either a morning, or evening
newspaper, and 31 per cent purchase I
neither. / ;
NEW TO-DAT.
Dry
as
Ducks.
No wet feet,
no colds, no cough's,
no grip, no rheuma-
tism, if you wear
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT'S
Nova Scotia Seal
Cork Sole Shoes.
Guaranteed absolutely water-
proof. Easy , comfortable Shoes,
with lots of wear in them.
Kast's
738-740 Market St
Carry a Full line of Buckingham
& Hecht'v .Fine Shoes.
, : 49* SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
<i >■:-?. .••-• ,j stew to-oat /
636 Market Opposite Palace. -
Telephone Main 1333.
SPECIAL
PRICES
Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Smyrna figs, I b. 12v£c,
New crop. Other days 20c
Frontier Rye whiskey, bot. 90c
Distillery botiling. Other days $1.25.
F. Lecourt mushrooms, tin 20c
Elsewhere 3oc. . Here other days 25c
Virginia hams, Ib. 22^c.
Good old-fashioned curing. Other days 30c
French mustard, bot. \2 Ac.
D& G, ready for use. ' r Other days 15c.
Plum Pudding—
" Gordon & Dilworth's 1-lb. tin 20c. •
. • . Other days 25c.
Gordon <fc Dilworth's 2-lb. tin 35c.
.-- - .-■ ■ Other days 45c.
Don't worry about what to have for dinner;
come to see us; never had so many nice things
to eat or to set before your guests.
Our new catalogue tells all about them.
Mail orders given careful attention.
STUNNERS OF
- ; - - / : s ,
BARGAINS!
AT
Mm SCHOENFELO'Si
1316 Market St., Directly Opposite Seventh.
100 dozen Men's Fine All- Wool Winter Weight
.. UPERSHIHTS AND DRAWEES
At 62V5:e Kadi. •
Half Price in Camels' Hair and Natural Gray.
Don't wait until all are sold.
'. # v ',' ~~ ,
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' CLOTHIH6!
How Do These Prices Strike You? : :
YOUTHS' ALL-WOOL SUITS, ages 13-19, new.
f est styles,
At 53. 65 Per Suit.
BOYS' ALL-WOOL SUIT?, ages 4-14, including
Reefer style,
At *1. 85 Per Suit. .
BOYS OVERCOATS At 81. 50
KNEE PANTS 2 0
We now show the Newest Jforelties in
Children's >obby (suits,. Keefer Top
Coats, Ulsters, Etc.,
at MUCH lower prices than
ELSEWHERE.
ADOLPH SCHOENFELD'S
Shirt Depot and Boys' Clothing.
1316 Market St., Opposite Seventh.'
— ______ . _
• : u : GREAT w|
i m ctf^ ii
5 OP THE ACE I
i A FAMILY III!
' , Which is an external and internal J
I ) remedy without aa equal. g
8 NOT A NEW PREPARATION, BUI ONE •
I THAr HAS STOOD THE TfcST CF OVER S
1 fi QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
1 1 ' ' ~ ' • \4*
\\ Thousands of persons all .j;
j; over the United States j;
; ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- |
\\ tin's Pain Cnrer and are j|
| never without it. ♦
0 — — .. t
♦;. The Curer is free from all Injurious S
J ; and poisonous properties, and is en- ©
( | tirely vegetable in its composition. It «
< J tones up and strengthens the system, • >
' ' purifies the blood, expels bad matter ©
{ | . from the organs of the body generally, %
J promotes digestion, regulates theappe- ♦
5 tite and secure* a healthy state of the ; 9
{ | , system and its various functions. Taken X
[ ♦ . occasionally as a preventive of disease, ♦
' ' It keeps the mind cheerful and happy ' •
$ by promoting healthful action of the m
j skin," heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, v
' bowels, l£er, kidneys, bladder, spleen, J
0 spinal ec?*nin, and the whole nervous S
' | system. It is also especially always #
J ; WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled ' •
I FQRTHEPJtEVLNTiONANDGURE
% ■ ,' v ■•■'"■-— OF— ._ . O
I I Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in X
< > General, Bowel Complaints, Dyi- , ,
X pepsia,' Dysentery, Cholera Mor- it
I I bus. Diphtheria, Sore Throat, '. !
▼ Pneumonia, Diabetes, - Nervous . ►
® Complaints, Disease or the Stoin- .< I
( ) aoh and Bowels Generally, Liver £
« ' Complaints, Kidney Complaints, < >
2 Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, 9
p Local and General Debility, Head-' X
g ache, Earache, Toothache. Sick- i
', ' ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, 9
() ' Swellings, Bolls, ' Sores, Ulcers, :| [
*' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Br.iises,' : <>
1 , Scalds, Wounds,- Costiveiiess, In- • ' >_
i I digest lon, Skin . Diseases, Excea- ( >
1 ' «lvo Itch Ings and many other ,i ►
4 , complaints too numerous to name ■' J
( I here. In a word, the great Pain 4)
I I Curer of the Age is an uuequaled < >
i 1 family remedy. ■ '§'
j ; Price: 25c, 50c, $ 1 .00 per Bottle, §
I ; Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, <
% L. CALLISCH. Wholesale Agent for 2
;^ the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. - J
i | _____
« For sale by all druggists. The trade +
0 supplied by Redington & Co., Mack
* / it Co. and Langley & Michaels. San "; 0
a Francisco. .;..• m
{♦• ♦•♦•♦•♦•♦♦♦€♦#♦•♦•»•»♦•
1 RspgraDL HALt'S^EISYIGORATOB
\3Jj"^^a Five hunJred rewarJ loranycas»wn
2«J tSBS cannot cure. THrs SECHKT UEJt-
: HDR. stop* -all .■ losses : in . honrs.-
Klve hundred rewarxl i or any case we
c.iiinnt cure. THTS SECKET HEM-
BuY stops all losses in 24 hours,
S3 P&3i cures Emissions, Impotency, Varlco-
, l j*« p^ffl cele, Goriornnu-i, Ulcet. Fits. Slrti;-
-•h liliLl Hires, Blood Disease and all wasting
3 effecu of ;etf- Abase or Excesses.
i§SBH«Si3i Sent sealed. $2 per bottle, THREW
: BOTTLES, $s: ' cuarmueed "to cure any case, . -
. , - I>U. HALL'S MEDICAL IX3TITUIJ4
■ :-■■' 855 Broadway,' Oakland. CaL' '.
' -All private . diseases Quickly cured. * Send for
tree booic
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE M.IKKETS.
Silver steady. •
Wheat firm and higher.
Barley strong-
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay as before.
Leather very stiff.
Dressed Turkeys sold poorly.
Game firm and in demand.
Onions advanced.
Potatoes unchanged.
Mandarin oranges offering.
Dried Fruit dull.
Grapes scarcer and higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Provisions rather quie;. _
New quotations for Puialline Candles.
A STIFF LGATUKK MAKKET.
The Shoe nnd Leather Review of Chicago says:
The tanners are buying carefully nnd sparingly,
but desiiite their beat ifTVrts the Quotations for
hides will continue to mout.t upward. The mar
ket while strong and ndvnncinK is not character
ised by feverish buying. Although some selections
of packer hides have advanced 76 per cent in
twelve weeks no blame attaches to tanners. They
have bought only as hides were absolutely needed
to keep the liquors from going to waste. The rise
In values is not in any degree the result of specu
lation or even competitive buying. If the
past twelve weens were to be gone over
again it is difllcult to see how the re
eult could be different. Natural conditions
liavc served to boom hides and the tanners have no
recourse but to accept the inevitable, and, as far
at In their power, mark up tue price of leather.
Therrjarket for country hides is less excited, but
there is no disposition to nhate prices. The spurt
In the quotatious curly in the week was caused by
several buyers com|>etinK for the scanty holdings
of the desired (selections. It is understood the
dealers are paying high prices in the country for
buffs, and the* next sales will either beat higher
rates than are now quoted or a considerable loss
will ensue. The supply of upper leather hides is
limited, and dpipite hI! the efforts of buyers,
values have risen steadily.
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of freight from Northern
and Central California via Southern Paciflclines in
October were 75,060 tons, as follows: From San
Francisco, 24,213 tons; Oakland, 2643: San Jose,
14,36": Stockton. 19.005; Sacramento and East,
12.492: Mary.svuie, 2340.
The leading uems were: 2973 tons Beans, 412 do
Forax. 48,7 50 pals Brandy, 1094.750 <lo Wine.
7254 tons Canned Goods, 15,897 do Dried Fruits.
4669 do Fresh Fruit. 1.-5.H35 do Raisins. 49s do Nut,
S3 <lo Honey, 556 Uo Hops. 251 do Hides. 395 do
Leather. 174 do Potatoes. 308 do Vegetables, 558
do Powder. 99 do Quicksilver. 748 ao Wool, 154
do Coffee, 741 do Tea, 323 do Rice and 8994 do
Sugar.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. Tne top flgnr—
at station indicate maximum temperatur« for the
days; those underneath It, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word ••hieh" means hlirh larometrlc pressure aiM
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and .is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the Interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse ot these condition*
till produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BIKKAU REPORT.
T'nited Status Dkpartment of Aoßicrir
TfRE, WEATHKB BURKAf, SaX FraSCISCO, Cal..
Nov. 25. 1896. 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Kureka 48, Fresno 54, San Diesto 60, ited Blnß
54, San Luis Obispo 58, Yam* 66, San Francisco
54, Los Angeles 62.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 43, mean 48.
The storm has moved inland, and is central to
night over Utah. The isobars are usually steep
north of Utah. Snow is falling along the Rocky
Mountains, and there has been a decided cold
wave. The temperature in Wyoming has fallen
over 50 degrees in the past twenty-four hours.
Throughout Utah and Northeastern Nevada there
has been a fall of more than 20 degrees In tbe
past twenty-four hours. Rain is falling through
out Arizona, with snow In the northern portion.
A thunderstorm is reported from Phopiix. The
weather has been generally ialr over California,
and Thanksgiving day will probably be fair
throughout the S. ate. The following maximum
wind velocities are repori ed : Point Reyes, west,
70; >ian Diego, west. 3«>: Yuma. northwest. 28.
Kiver data.— Bed Bluff 7.8 feet, falling; Colusa
32 feet, falling: Sacramento 18 6, falling; Marys
ville 14 feet falling. Kolsom 10.4 feet.
General frost is likely throughout the State
Thursday morning.
Forecast maJe at San Francmco for 30 hours
ending midnight November <J6. 1806:
Northern California —Fair Thursday; continued
coo! weather: light northerly winds
southern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued cool weather; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Snow and freezing weather Thursday.
Arizona — Rain or snow In eastern portion: con
ti'.ued cold weather; freezing in northern por
tion.
Ban Pranclsco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
continued cool weather; fresh northwesterly
Wli.ds. ALEXANUER G. McADIE,
Local Forecast cmclaL
NEW TORE MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., ivov. 25—Trading at the
Stock Exchange was moderate again to-day, the
sales footlDg up 174,164 shares. In the total Read-
Ing figured for 26.80 J shares. Leather preferred for
22,500. St. Paul 22.300 and Burlington and
Quincy 17,000. The course of prices were lrregu
far throughout. At ihe opening the prominent
issue's scores losses owing 10 the lower quotations
from Lomion and the poor showing made by the
St. Paul road for the third week in November
For the period naracl the decrease in gross earo
inss was orer $121,000. The October statement
now about due It is generally believed will show a
heavy loss in net earnings. In Industrials Leather
preferred, Chicago Uaa aud Consalldatel Ga* were
positively weak.
The first named dropped from 63 to 5984 ftn <i
the bulk of the sell ing was attributed to holders
who were disappointed at the smallness of the
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorlT St., TeL Main 1054.
CENTRAL OFFICE -' "
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill '.
Boom). Tel. Main 333.
PCRDY & ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly; executed on latest market quo-"
r.,, 10118 * Reference Ist National Bank, S. F. ...
CHo-Cauu. ' PiuvArjj.wiiug. .fr.fc.Vy. UK.
W. A.CARROLL, BROKER
chicago markets. SEW YORK STOCKS-
cK r i e Uneaußlcd Service. ?
- BTKICTLY COMMISSION. -.
J^lvate and Bank references quoted on application
Office, 32 8 Montgomery St.. Sate oilt Bid
l*t Jii«ia 1 ; i. .. Private Parlor for L.*diet
dividend declared yesterday. Consolidated Gar,
which recently enjoyed a sharp rise, fell back oK 8
to ? 164 on realization^,' anil fitiallv recovered to
) 6514. r Chicago Gas ran off a point to 733/s. ■_•
divldend. ■ The reaction was also credited to liqui
dations. Sugar fell about 1 per cent 0.1 the an
nouncement of the closing of the refineries. Nearly
the entire list moved up, and a net Joss of 1 i<d,\. 2
was recovered. Manhattan. Western Union, Me.
ropolitan Traction ami American Spirits were
notably firm.- Spirits preferred bounded up from
30"i to 33'/i on repors of a new trade deal. KM
hattan and Metropolitan Traction wer«t bought on
rumors that negotiations looking to a wonting ar
rangement had been resumed.
in the final transactions the market was irregu
lar, but In the main firmer. Neat changes show
gains of ' j(.: ~ s Per cent In sugar and Manhattan
and losses of -loom as. much in the general list.
Leather preferred lost '23/ and Consolidated Gas
2V* per cent.
The bond market was lower to-day, transactions
aggregating $1,121,000. Denver and Rio Uranae
fours fell. % to 89; Krie first extension sevens,
1% to 102X/*: Brooklyn Rapid Transit fives. % to
76V«: Louisville, NewAlhiiiy and Chicago \ on
solluated sixes. 4 to 88: Missouri, Kansas and
Kastern first" lives. 2 to 90: Northern Pacifies c
ond*. 34 . to 116V4: Heading first preferred, I' a f)
453/ 8 ; (iv seconds, 110 37; do thirds, %to 3.1V2:
and Minnesota and Manitoba first mortyiiKe fives,
7to 100%. In Government bonds $19,600 regis
tered fours of 1907 sold nt 110%. $1000 do cou
pons at 11014, $1000 coupon lours or 1U25 at
119%; and $21,000 coupon fives ai 113y 2 @lia :
Grain.
KLOUE — Steady, ■ quiet: winter- wheat, low
grades, $2 20@i 85: .10 fair to fancy, $3 2o@
4 60: do patents, (4 ;~j(,(a,. r > ; Minnesota clear,
$3 4. ra,l 15; do straights. 3 90@4 75: do patents.
$3 85@?>05: low extras. 92 lU@3 Mo: city mils.
$4 4U($5; do patents, $. llKa,"> 35: rye mixture.
?525(53 75; superfine, $2 40@3 15: fine. $1 SO®
2 95. - southern Hour, quiet; common to fair extra,
$2 85@3 45; good to choice do, $3 45@3 00. Jtyt
Hour. dull, steady, at $:-@3 35.
oRSMEAL-steady, Western Yellow, $2 90©
3 16.
• KYE-Quiet. firm: 40®14V»c. c. l f. Buffalo.
BARLEY— Firm; feeding, 2bS/x@29c, c I. S.
Buffalo.
B.aKLEY MALl— Nominal.
-WHEAT- Dull, firmer, with options. No. 2
red, f. o. b., 90 Vic: ungraded red, 87@89c; No. 1
Northern. S*2i/j ! @923 / 4c. Options were active and
irregular, opening linn and advancing 2S/ B ®l. p . s c
on higher cable.*, quod foreign buying, firmer West'
and local covering; declined 141334 con realizing
and, closed firm at.7B@7Hi4o over yesterday.
May and December most active: No. 2 red,
January, 891/gC; March. 91c; May, Bb%c; No
vember and December. 8914 c.
COHS- Hu.i. tirojer; No. '1. SOc elevator; 31c
xfloat; -ungraded mixed, 26c elevator: No. 3.
27. . Options were dull and firmer with the West
ai.d on local covering. May and December only
trailed in. .November, 29>Jic: December, SOc; May,
23»^c. ' "
OATS— Cull, firmer. Options dull, 14c up: Decem
ber. 24c: February, 2514 c: May. 26y 2 c. ispot
prices: November, 23Vfec: So. 2" while. »be: Ho. 2
Chicago. •-."■ti/.je: No. H. 24c: No. 3 white, 22" 4 c;
mixed Western, 22@24c; white State and West,
em, 23©32& .
Provisions.
I.ARP-Quiet, nominal: Western steam, $4 20
&i 25: City. S3 75: December. $4 17% nominal.
Itefined. dull: Continent. $4 60; South American,
$4 90: compound, 4V4@43/ic.
fUHK- Quiet and steady". New mess, JSOB 50
BU'lTKh— Fancy, firm. Western dairy. S@ltic:
do creamery. 16^@22>^c: do Jactory, «Rol2c:
kleius. 12@,22VjC: imitation creamery, 10V>@l6c.
CHKKisr.— Quiet, steady. Part skims, "oVfc'd
e^ic: full skims. 2^aoc. "
KGGB— Quiet. Icehouse. 16i^@l8c: Western
fresh. 23©24 c; do fresh, 21@2a do limed, 16V"@
We. ■ ~ ~~
TALLOW — Dull and weak. City, 3s/ 8 c: country
£s/sS3%c.
col IvjXSEED Ol.L— Quiet and weak. Crude,
22c: yellow prime, 25c.
XXX— Firm. Japan, 4Vfe@4Vic
MOl.AbSt^s— Firm. New Orleans, new. 25^34c.
COFFEE— W«uk. 15 points up. Novr-mber, S9 75-
December. $9 *J6@9 40. Januar,-, $9 36; March
and May, $9 35(5)k) 45; June. $J 45; Seotember,
$9 45 Spot Rio, quiet, firm. No. 7. 10c bid.
SUGAK— Quiet, unchanged. iff A.3%<a4c: mold
A.4%c: standard A, 4S /g c; confectiouei* A, -Hie;
cut loaf, ac; crushed, i.c: powdered, 45 B e; griaiu
lated, 4y 8 s; cubes, 4^Bo.
Fruit ami Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 0(£llc.
PtACHEb- Peeiea. boxes, 14©15 c; unpeeled.
bags, la 9c.
PRUNES— Four sires, nominal, boxes, C^a®
514 c.
RAISINS —Two -crown. 41/4 C; do 3-crown.
6i-8@5 s/4C:s /4C: do 4-crown, 6^i@B^ir; do London
layers. »1 45©1 00; do clusters Jr. 75"a12.
ALMOND^-feoftshell, 9@llc: do paper. lliA'a
12% c: Walnuts, standard. BV^(«9c; do sofisbeil.
93 4 @103/±C. •
j«oPts— Firm, fair demand. Pacific Coast. 8@
14% C
W OOL— Quiet, firm. Domestic fleece, 16&23c
pulled, ie@3lc; Texas,; 7@l2c
Morcltaiidiss.
PIGIRON— Fairly active; Am«rir n «il
1 OPPKB— Firm. L<k<>. til 30@ll 50.
LEAD- Firm. Domrmic. ■ 3 O5«B3 07' A
11-N-Firm. straits, 13@13 50; plates, quiet.
fcPKLTtii— i'lrin. Domestic, $4 25.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, • 111., Nov. 25 —The bulls were In
harness again this morning and wheat prices made
a remarkable gain. The advance was established
over night and was in recognition of an Improve
ment of 3Vid at Liverpool. Holders were heavy
sellers at the opening, the profits shown at the
ruling quotations having an alluring appearance.
Many '-stop" loss orders we're passed on the bulge,
and I the filling of these afforded prices sustaining
power against tae heavy selling. Receipts In the
Northwest wera very lieht at 445 cars, against 806
last Wednesday aud 754 a year ago.
Chicago had but 37 cars and inspected out 88,
-460 bushel.", closing Liverpool catties reported a
slight loss from tne opening. Continental markets
were not very firm Paris quoting declines and
Berlin giving but % mark advance. Antwerp
was uncbauged. Export clearances were liberal
at 648,883 bushels. May wheat opened from 84c
toß3V4c,sold between 84c and 82% c. closing at
83Vic bid, 1 i/4@l%c higner than yesterday. Es
timated receipts lor Friday 25 cars. No. 2 red
spot wheat changed from 89V 3 c to 91»/ic, closing
about 89% cto 91c. . . .'/ . ..'
CORW— vVas firm without displaying any of the
buoyancy which was a feature of the leading grain.
Privileges on corn sold at very close range last
nixbt, and any movement either upward or down
ward was met with the opposition incident to trad
ing against them. Moreover there was no belief
In the stability of any boom which might take
place, hence the ' speculative caution. Receipts
were 167 cars, ami • 344,174 bushels were taken
from storage. Liverpool cables were Vid higher.
Exports were exceedingly heavy at 1,053.413
bushels. May corn opened at 27s/ B e. sold between
27iA@'J7%c closing at 27V*@.173/gc. 14c over
yesterday. Estimated receipts for Friday 140
cars.
OATS— Were not endowed with anything worthy
of attention or mention. Buslneis was local and
very light. Firmness In the tone was due to Ihe
strength prevailing In the othe- markets. Re
ceipts were 14a cars, and 63,060 bushels were
taken from storage. Exports were 285,590 bush
els. May oats, closed V*c higher. Ks lmaled re
ceipts lor Friday 140c<trs.
FLAX— Was firmer. Cash No. 1. 77c: North
western, 79c: December, 7634a76c; May, 81 Weft
82c. Receipts were 23 cars. .
PROVISIONS— speculation in product was of
light proportions and the feelin; was easy, with
prices showing declines from yesterday. The hog
maricet showed weakness, and that was the con
vincing arpumhnt for a similar tone tti provisions.
Prices partially recovered before the close on
covering by shorts. January pork close! 2%u
lower. January lard 2%c to 5c lower, and Jauu
arv ribs 2 V a c higher.
BUxTKR— Was firm to-day. Offerings were
light and business consequently light-
Creameries— Extras, no 1* lb: firsts. 20?822c;
Feconds. 15,U17c: Imitations, fancy, 13<fti5c.
Dairies— Extras, 18c: firsts, 13(»15c: seconds. 10@
12c. Ladles — Extras. 10($llc: firsts, B^>B%c;
packing - nock, «@s#%c: grease, 2%@3c: roll
butter, llml-jr.
EGOS— Were in good demand and firm. Prices
were unchanged. Fresh stock, 120 %» dozen. •,.
MONEY— Wai firm at 6@7-. on call and time
loans. New.York exchange sold at 60c premium.
Closing Prices.
■ WHEAT— November, BC3,gC; December, 79% c;
« CO HN— .November, 23i»Vc; December, 23% c:
May. 27V4«27^5c ' /8 '
OATS — November, 19c; December, ♦19 iAc:
May, 223/ M e. * '
'. PORK— December, $6 65; January, $7 62%;
LARD — December, $3.77%: January, $4 00;
May, $4 221/2
December, $3 76; January, $3 82%;
May, $4. { :- ,
Livestock. . '
UNION STOCKYARDS. . 111.. . Nov. 25— Re
ceipts of cattle to-day were light,* but the demand
was poor and the feeling as a result war weak.
Offering) of hogi were heavy. ihe demand was
slow. Prices declined 6o>to 10c. There was a
good trade in sheep and lambs aDd the feeling iv
the market was steady.
«=,i TI - KecelDt »- 13,000. Farier beeves. »520
©5 30: choice 10 orirae 1300 10 1700 th steers.
S4 Bj<3s 15: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 16
14 60f<$4 80; medium steers. 1100 to 1250 lb. $4 15
04 4&: lair beef steers. 1000 to 1200 lbs. »3 Sow,
4 00: common beef steers. S3 50*43 75; good to
choice stockers and feeders. 900 to 1250 tt>, *8 601S
4 lii: lair to eood do. 600 to 875 lb. «2 SUO
5 15: bolls, choice to extra, $3 00@3 75: bulls
poor to . choice. . $2 00(3-' 90; cows ana be 1 ten,
choir* to prime. *3 50M4 00; cows, lair to choice.
%•£ 4U®3 40: rows, common to fair canner*. 81 50
<Qi 26; calves, good to choice. 84 60i<£j 00:
calves, common to good. $3 50*4 50; Texas grass
steers, »2 65©3 :60:: 60: Western range steers. *3 25
883 70: Western . range cows ana ■ heifers. -82 30
(a.3 60; milkers and sprineers, %* head. »25<aiO-
Texas fed steers, $S 60@» 00. ' . .-. ■ •,
-HOOS— Keceipti. SO.ooa Heavy -paciln« ano
fblppins lota. $3 10443 40: common to choice
nitxtd, $3 15ftt3 40: choice assorted. So 304*
3 40 iJ^V * 3 10 340: •>'<»• •« 60»3 37%. ■
. „«« „ ~' lteceiplß - l*.ooo. iwtw i^ cnoice,
1204 tO; lam os, »«@5 20. , .
. Receipts at j Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. Nkbb.. Nov. 25.-HOGS-
Becelpw. 5400. Market 6c to 10c lower, active.
Light »nd mixed, 83 1 5@3 40: heavy, 83@3 25. •
CATTLh-Keceipia. aloo. Mar«f «-Va.io 10c
S'rs. V?7?cJ S W° 0m *' cows - «:.«»»» 2 0 -
SHEEP-Recelpts, 700. . Market steady. - Mut
; NEW \ OKK STOCKS.
. Bonda, Kxchangr, Money ami ', Railroad
• Slinr»«.
, Money on call easy at 282%%: last loan 2%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
and closing oflPiel at S% Prime mercantile paper,
4Vitt*%*'- r- Bar Mlver. t>E>V4i,. Mexican: c!u.lar»,
50 11-lt@sl 11-16& Tsterllne Kxclianje firm, with
•ctoal business >■• rnM-fiV mis at t4 t?3f<t4 831/4
:or 60 aayn Hnd $4 HoVtfdii K6Vs for demand. Posted
rates. $4 t3Vs(<«4 67. commercial bills, $4 811^®
4 82V>. Uovernmeni bonds higher: stale bonds
dull: "layioau touas lower. K>l.ver at the board
steady. : • ■ '-",
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tri « Cable-.. PO Norfolk it Wostrn/ 11*4
Atchlson- I* l /* ITeferretl 17
1 Preferred.. 23 1 Northern Pacific.. .. 14V&
Adams Express... .l4B Prelerred. «5
Alton. Terre Haute 68 | Northwestern 103%
American Expresslll . 1-referred 149
AmerlcanToDacca 56 N. Y. Central 9*Va
■ Preferred 100% N.Y.,Clilcai:o<6.*.U 12V*
Eay BtateGas... ... J0V 2 Ist preferred..... 70
Ealtlmore&Ohlo.. IT*/A id preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. IWS. " v >* N. H....... 181
1 ufliiio. Koch Jit". 36 IK. V. & New Knj. 45
Canada Pad tic... 57 |S. V.. Knjq i W... lOVi
Canada southern.. 49 [ Preferred. 27%
Canton Land....... 60% 0ntari0........ 9
Central Pacific 16 Ontario <fc Westers 153/
Ches. A Ohio. • 1 6 s /4' Oregon Insprovmns 1
Chicago Alton 160 I Preferred.........
Preferred 166 : Oregon Navigation 20
Chicago. 11. A Q.... 79y» Oregon Short Ltn«. 15
Clilcaco &K. 111... 40 ll'ttcitlcMail 26
Preferred. 86 il etna. D. A Kviini 2
ThlcaeoGas 73 /i'pnt»buri; & W. pM 15
Cleve* Plitsbnrc'.lt'O '■ Poll man Palace.... i 56
Consolidation CoaL 34 Quicksilver. 2
Consolidate* 0aa..165Vi Preferred.. 10
C. c. c. &»l Louli ao ; 1 Keaame. ..... 29-V8
Pieferred 82 iK!oGraruie<fc\VeMti lb
Colo. Fuel A lroa.. 25V» Preferred ...... *•»
Preferred. 70 JKoct Island. t9V£
Cotton Oil Cert .... 14 / i Rome WattfcOgaeu. 114
Commercial Cable. 1 59 ' 'hi. L. &a W 4Mt
Del. Hudson. 126 1 ,*. Preferrwl. '. In 1/*1 /*
Cel.Lack<&Westra.l6K i6t. Pau1. ........... 74%
l;enver<&B.U ViV* Preferred.. IVS9V»
Preferred.. 43V* tt. Paul <t Dulata. 20
Distillers..... — Preferred..;...... HO
lienerai Kloctrla... 83 St. Paul & Omaha. 4»s/ 8
trie ».«. iaV 2 Preferred......... 125 .
Preferred 35- 4 M. P. M. &M .. HI
Fort Wayne. 160 Mlver Certificates. «5Vs
Great Nortnern ptai2l 1 them Padflo... 16
Cireenßay • 1/2 Soutnern K. U. 10V4
harlem 278 Preferred..: 2tf
Hocking Coal 6 Refinery ...,117 3/g3 /g
Hocking Valley.... 17% Preferred. lOOVii
liomestake. ........ 34 1,4 lrnn. Coal A Iron. 28yg
H. &■ Texas Cent... Preferred. DO
Illinois Central..... 93 Texas Paclflo 83/*8 3 /*
lowa Central 8 ,ToI.A.A.<JsN.MU!h.
Prererreo 28 Tol. 4. Ohio Wui... 20
Kansas Texas... l-'U Preferred. 60
Pr«*rred 28% Tol.St-LoatsdtiCC. 6
Kingston* Pern... 3 I Preierred. 15
Lake Erie & Wesca 25% Onion Pacino...._ 10%:
Preferred. 71% V. P. Den <& UiUf.. 2V*
LakeMhore 151 U. b. Cordage 6VB
National Lead 26»/ii Preferred. 12
Preferred .... 8s i Guaranteed ..„_ 24
Long Island «iO IV. K. Express....— 42
Louisville Jr. Xas!i. 61) JL. IS. Leather » 6 -8
Louisville NaJsCa % Preferred. - 60»,s
Preferred. 1' ; V. a. Rubber. 20*»
Manhattan Con 86% l Preferreo. 80%
iMemphis*Char.*. 15 CtlcaAa River.. 160
MexlcanCentral... 89 \\ ab. b. I. & Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 91) Preferred. 16V4
Aiinn&ai. — Wells-Farga....... 98
Preferred.. — Western Union.... Bf%
illnn.ts:. I. com. 1 v>Va Wisconsin Central.. 2
lit preferred-. 1:5 Wheeling &L. it.. BV4
Sid preferred 47 1 | Preferred. 32%
Mlesouri i'acina... 22%^ Am Cotton Oil p.*4. 64
Mobile Ohio 22%! U. U. Beef 6
Nashville Chats. t>7%l Ann Arbor 8
National l.lnse«d.. 15>4 Preferred.. 23
N-J. Central 105 Brooiclyniractlou. 21
SyuilL Aiucricau... 6i/ 8 trie aa yHX i.O
Clr*INU BOVIM.
Dats a «< 101 v 2,v 2 , Northern Pao lsta. 11 6
Do Class 84. 65.. 101 . . Do2ds 11614
Alabama, ciaai U. 96 | ■ DoSda Z. 78V*
Atcnison 45........ 78%! Do ronsol"6s. # .... 66
Do2ds A......... *■ ■"■« oimprovement Ist 86
Canada South 2<ts.. 1U4% Do 5s •.. 20
ten Pac lstsof '85.102 < & N'is'ti." 112%
Cherokee 4% 1893. 10 2Va Do :on»ol 6s . 99
IJo 18»7 10 2 Vat Or Short Line 65... 110
£ O 188S 102%| Doconsfts.. 65%
Do 1899 102 v laci«c«»sof'97....lo2V*
ChesotOnio 05....107 ;Phila*i. ending 4v 80 1 /*
UnkSi'Tr llcls6 » «ftV2 Do Ist lncam. «BVa
D C 3-65s S 109 1,4 X Grande West lsu 75 -
Ken*P.Ul«t 110 btL&lronMtUea3i 75
.. Do 45.............. 88% StL*SF Uea 64.109
ii T lf' * 641/, <*t Paul Consols.... 129
ADenClty ls:s «43 /i!t i p c * Pa lsa... 11634
i>H£HAtt« 91 Ito Carolina 4%»... 102%
iDo2d7s. 69 bonthern Rs* .. 89%
Gen Klec Debbs... 93 Vi| Do PacCal lsts. . 10,7
a * Tex Cent 6».. '.OS Term new 98
Docoutts. 100 111 1 ems Pacific Ist*. KB%
lowaCen:rallsts..lol 1 Texas Paclnc 2ds. . 23 a
hacsas Pa Consols 69 ; Colon Pac lsta 84102%
ki.P» l»u lH!ttaivll6% I fe4s reg of 1925.119%
LaConsOl 4s 96 Ic4s, coupon. ... 1 19 v Bv B
Missouri fuudlni... It b 4k. tre of 1907.1 10
MX 1 2da.... 68% Do coupon.... 110 V*
•M»,««• M »,«« r."-; 83«/ 4 jess rr..... 93%
AJoblle*otilo4s.. 68V* Lofis.. ...lIXVs
Mutual Union «»... 108 J 06e.c0ud00....113V4
£ J Cent ben 6»...117i.- 4 ' V» lundlnsdeot 67%
£ V (*-t Louis 4s 103 V* j:o registered.
£or<£West Hen 65. 117 1 .io deferred 64... 5
N Carol I con **• 99 j Lotrus: rcpu j:. '■•' 8
k"k "° 6*6 *- .....119 ]\V»ua«ii lsi Ss 106%
PtcrthwestcoiuoU. 13« Weal ttnore •*..... 1v 5.1..
l*t aeo 6« 107 I ' /4
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVKKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL Kno., Nov. 25.-The spot market
is higher, but quiet at 7s 7<!@7s 9d. Cargoes firm
at 34s 6d, 5-eptember shipment.
FUTURES.
The Prodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 fe«i Wlr:ter- No
vember, 6s 9y»d; December, tis 9%d: January, 6s
83, id; February, 6s 934 d: March, 6s lOd.
nctnuuat.
LONDON, Eno.. Nov. 26. — Consols, Ills/.
sliver, 30d; French Rentes, 102f 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. — $4 83 Vi
Sterling Kxrhange. sight — 4 87
Stening Cables _ 4 B"Vi
New York txchange, sight — 10 i
New York Exchange, lelegraphic. — l*Vi '
Fine 8.1 ver, ounce .. — 65 vl
Mexican Dollars .. 6iy a b£
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. ';
WHEAT— The Dominion takes for Cork, 87,027
ctls, valued at $130,500.
The market was higher all around, with some
Improvement in business on call. Sbipsers de
mur at paying an advance, but have to do
it to get the Wheat. Quoted at 9 1 45<ai 471 A » ctl
for common grades, $1 6C@l t>s for average No 1
$1 5oy 4 for choice and $1 67i/2@l 60 for extra
choice fur milling.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
1 Informal Session-— 9:15 o'clock— May— l4looo
ctls.sl 66V2: $1563/8: 2000, »1 56%: 2000
$1 56%: 20,(J00. $1 67; 4000, $1 .->7v 2 ; io.ooo
$1 57y 8 . Dec«-m ber- 10.000. $1 60.
Skcond SKSsio.v-May- 18,000 ctls, $1 573/,
-6000, $1 57y 8 : 32.000, $1 57y 4 . 7
Kegulab Morning session — May— 24 000
ctls. $1 57%; 18.000, $1 67W. 6000, $1 57y 4
December— 000. 9i 50.
Afternoon session— Mav— ctls, *1 67y »
6000, *1 »7%; 4000. »1 57%: 16.000. *1 &7»/:-'
12.000. $1 67%. Dcceraber-^OOU, $1 50
BARLiiY— Futures are hither and the spot mar
ket Is very strong a. the advance. Shipment or
84,313 ctls lirewlngand Chevalier, valued at $34.- •
000, to Antwerp. We quote Feed. 82W<t85c"'
choice bright, 87% c; Brewing, 90@95c; So. i
v hevalier, «1 10@l 20 "^ <:11.
CALL BOARD SALKH.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock-No sales.
Sfxx)SD Hkssiok — Slav- 4000 ctls. 90c- 4000
955/ 8 c: 2000. 95% c: 2000, 95 Vic December
.4^oj. HB%c; 12,00>;, BSc.
Regular Jlohsi.vh Session'— May— 4ooo ctls
96V*c; 2000, 86VsC 10,000,. 95% c. December
-2000. t)8V 3 c; 20LU. 89c. . t
Aftkrnoon skssion — December— 2ooo ctls
89c: 2000. 8»y 8 c May-1000, 9tJc: 40' JO, 96y a c :
2000, e6i<jc; ib,ooo, ÜbV*c; 8000, »ds/ 8 c
OA'lß— show nochangr. Trade is dull. White
ran^e from $1 10 to «1 30 f, ctl. according to
quality. Black, for feed, &oc@sl 05: for s«ed, *1 '/o
(til 35; Gray, nominal; Red, $I@l 10: surprise
nominal. '
CORN— Continues weak and dull with larger re
ceipts. Large Yellow, 80@85c; Small Round do.
$1 '4 ctl: White. BO@B7i / < 8 c ■$ ctl. '
RYi:-$l 05@l 10 $ cuT .-■„..
BUCKWHKAT-f i 25@1 35 Tgl ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are ns follows: Family
extras, $B@s 10: Bakers' extras, $4 90@5; suner
flne,?4 lt@4 60 ? bbl. ■.:-.- • ;
COKXMI-.AL ETC.- Feed Corn, $18@19 a ton
Cracked Corn. .f 19'a'_'0 f* -on.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows
usual discount to the trade: Grabam Flour. $2 85
V ICO n>s:Rye t lour, $2 75 ft 100 lbs; Rice r.our
¥5 75: . cornmeal, $.35: extra cream do. $3-
Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30; Buckwheat Flour,' s3 *5@3 50; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour
$3; Rolled Oats (bbls), «6@B 40; Pearl Barley.
•3 75(g(i; Split Peas, $3 60; Grcea do, $4 25 "i*
100 lbs. ...
HAY AM> rEEDSTUFFi.
Quotations show no variation, except an ad
vance in Rolled Barley.
BRAN— 60 for the best and $13@13 50
%* ton for outside brands.
MIDDLING*-flß@l9 for lower grades and
$19 50@20 50 $ ton lor the best.
*EKI>S>TUFFs — Rolled Barley, $18 60©l»-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23 *> ton: lobbing, &vi
clipped Uats, $1 ao@l 3j %4 ctl.
— AY— Wheat, $S(g>lO 50; Wheat ami Oat, *7@
10: Oat. $C@9: Barley. $7@B 60: River Barley
»5©6 60; Alfalfa. $5 sO@B oil: compressed, SUM
9 6u; stock. $sfi&6: Clover, $B@3 V ton.
1 BTKaW— 3s®ooc ■& bale.
U-EANS AND SEED?.
BEANS— Colored are firm and white weak at
unchanged prices. Bayos are -quotable at 91 40
@1 60: Small Whites, $1 !20@l 35: Large Whites,
$1 10@l 25 ? ctl; Pinks, «1 10@l 15: Reds, fl 20
@1 So; B)aukeye,~ $I@l 20 ; Bed Kidney, »_' 60-
Lirnas, *1 9U@.i; Butter*, $1 _s@l 75: Pea, $1 25
(3-1 4J \- ctl. ;_■".. ♦
Bh.HL>S— Brown Mustard,' s2 75@3: Yellow Mus
tard, 9*2 10®.! 25 ~H ctl: i-'lax, $1 Ss@l 40: Canary
Seed. *Vi@-^c f- tt>: Alfalfa, sV2<_jit.y_c; -Itape,
2>Ac: Hemp. Jl/^c^ygiar^l^ilL gj j iMMMBaM ■
DRIKD I'KAs- Niles, $I@l 15 <£ ctl; Green, 1
gl4o®lg l4o®l 60 ctl. -7-s- .- .i *.
POTATOES, ONIONS; VEGETABLES."
POTATOES— Firm, under . continued . light re
ceipts. Sweet Potatoes are quotable at $ 1 ?> ctl la
sacks and $ I©l '25 In boxes; Early Kose,'4o<;i,soc;
River Reds, ' 40@50c; Burbank Beeallngs, 25@35c
lor lovers and 4Dc(asl V- ctl for Salinas. ...
ONION sr-Sttll higher at 60@6Uc^cU.. '.- .
VK«KTABLES— Mushrooms quotable at s@Bc
* tb for common and 10@12%c 9 n> for buttons:
Marrowfat .-quash, 9*(»b H ion: Kgg Plant. 30@
40c . f* * box; Tomatoes, 2C@soc; cucumbers,' are
about out :;«reen Peppers. i6060c large box:
Dried Peppers,- 7«Bc ■%>-&;. Green Peas, l%@4c:
ftring ■ Beans. - 4@6c -^ tt>: Green Okra, 60(560c
V box: Diled Okra. ll'@l-'Vs c 9' tb: Cabbage, 40®
60c ■$ ctl; Carrots, 30©40 c«* sack; Garlic, I%@
2c V R>-
BITTER, (iiiKM. AND EGGS.
BUTTF.R-Xo chan;e in the situation. ■ .-
Cbkameby— I'ancy, 25326 c; seconds, 23@24c
¥ U' .- .... . ■■ •- -.-•: •
Dairy— Fancy, 2V@'.'3c: eood to choice, 20®
21c: lower grades, 15fdl8c V B>. ■
PICKLKD— 16@ 18c ft tt). '
Firkin-15@17c^ m.
Ckeamkby 'i üb— lß<a 19c ?Hb.
CHKi-.SK— Choice mild new, ll@12c; common
to good old,fc@lOc- Cream Cheddar,Ti@l2c: Young
America, ll%r<Mt;%c: Western, 11%@12%c;
Kastern, 12i (o>i3^c <£* tb. . •.
K<J(JS— The market snows no weakn?ss. Eastern,
25@27%c for tanry and 20@22c for cold-s:orate;
ranch Kkgs, 27y>@30c • for pullets', 1 35@36c for
small to medium and 37Vj@40c for fancy ; Duck
Eggs, 25c. - .
lOILTHV AND GA3MK.
POULTRY— OnIy about 60 tons of dressed Tur
keys came In yesterday, but to the surprise of
everybody the market broke. Everything was In
favor of high prices. The • weather was clear and
cold and nlockn small and the forenoon prices were
18(g(20c. but In the afternoon all offerings were ne
glected and quotations dropped .to l£@lßc, most
of the sales being at 17c. The reason for this break {
. will be a revelation to most people. It is that the
pubic will no- longer pay over ■ 20c for their
Thanksgiving Turkey. The retailers found this
out yesterday when they paid 20c wholesale and
tried to get 25c retail. The public stopped short
ana prices had to give way.
A car of Eastern will be offered to-day.
Live Turkeys, ]i®l6c^ lb for Gobblers, 14@16c
tb for Hens; Dressed 1 urke s, 16@2'ic; Geese,
V pair. $1 25@1 50; U os ings, $1 50(<jn 76; Ducks.
S3 50@4 50 for old and $4@5 for young; Hens, $4
@5 9 U07.; Roosters, young, $4(3,4 50; no, old. $4(aJ
4 60: Fryers, $3 25&3 50. Broilers, $3 2.') (a, 3 60
for large and $2 75@3 for small: Pigeons, $1 25®
1 50? dozi>n for young and *6c@sl for old. .
GA.>lJi— Is steady and in good demand. Quail
quotable at $1 12V>(aU 25 "t» do/.; Mallard, $4 50@
6 r> dozen: canvas'tiack, SI 61)(g.3; Sprig, $2 ti(i(g
3: Teal, $2 60@3 %< dozen; Widgeon, $1 75(g,-;
Small Duck. $1 25 V doz: English Snipe, $■-': Jack
Snipe. $1; Hare, $1: Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cot
tontails and «l for small: Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese, $1; Braut, $1 60@l 75.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Pomegranates are scarce at 76@90c box.
Apples, 85c@$l y. box for choice. $1 25 for fancy
Re<i, 36@65c for common: Eastern, $3@3 50 %* bbl.
• Pears, 2J(g)6.Sc V box: \v Inter Nellw, 75c@*l 25.
Perslmmous, 25@75c V, box.
BKKRIEs-  •?
Cranberries from Cape Cod, $B@9 '$ bbl; from
Coos Bay, $2 50 ■ box.
.Mrawberrles— None in.
Raspberries— None in.
GRAPKss— Very scarce and still higher. Black
Grapes, 50@65c box: Verdes, 75@85c ?1 box:
Cornlcho.:s, 75c. Grapes in crates tiring 10@16c
more than in boxes.
CITRUH FRUlTS— Mandarin Oranges are of
fer! at $1 25@1 60 ?i hex: Grape Fruit. *7 %* bx;
New Navel Oranges. *3@4 3b "^ box; Seedlings,
*1 So@2 511; Lemous, * ltol 60 for common and $2
£,2 50^ box for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$3 60@i4'50; California Limes, 50@75c: Bananas,
31(3,2 # bunch; Pineapples. $2.31 $ doz.
DRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIKD FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: , „•
(_'abix>ad I.oth— Api loots are quotable at 6@90
for Koyals.and lli/ 2 (aU'2c for choice , to' fancy
Aloorparks; Prunes, .-.V»c lor »he 4 sizes; Peaches,
4@sVi»t: for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy ana
9fciO<: for peeled In boxes; Apples. 5 3 ,4 c 9 Ib for
evaporated and t!@'Ji -\c for stin-Ur ed; Pears. ZVi
fdlSc for prime to cno cc, 4@5VjC for quarters vud
B(c.(i> 2c2 c for halves; I'.um*. 4c tor pitied and 1 Vie
for in. pitted; Nectarines, 3Vis@4Vi° for choice and
5V2 1 -" lor fancy ; White Figs. be; BlacS Figs, ay*
Joiißi.vn Prices— Peachei, 4V^@sV^c $ Ib:
fancy. 6Vi@7i^c%i Ib: peeled, l'.'i^c %* Ib: Apri
co:», «i /; ,(a.9- V \b: tr.ncy. 10c; Moorparks. ]'.'@
13c; evaporated Apples, u»Ac: sun-dried, V!3,,i@3e;
Prunes, 4 (a;4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, DC for
impressed and :->fa3 l a c for pressed: white Fins,
4c; Plums, <qbe for pitied and IVaC for un
pilted: Nectarines, 4@6c ft Ib for prime to lancy;
Pear*, nUHe for whole, 4ys&3 Vic for quartern
anil A fa. 'Ac for halves.
KAISI
Cahi.<i\i> Prices, f. <>. b. Frksno— Four-crown
loose. 614 c; 3-cruwn. 4i,ic: *crown, 3 Vic: seed
less Sultanas, 6%c; seedlfss Muscatels, 4Vic: 3
crown London layers. ?1 15; clusters, »1 50:
Dehesa outers. *'-' 50; Imperial clusters, S3:
dned Grapes, oc '$ H.. -
Jobhino Pricks— sax Francisco—
louse, 6%c: 3-crown, 4 :t / ic: 2-crown, 3»/ic; seedless
Sultanas. 6^40; seedless Muscatels, 4 %c; 3-crown
London lavera, $1 25; clusters,. $1 bO; Dehesa
Clusters, *2 75: Imperial clusters, C 3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at K@loc: Walnuts.
6 V @7c ft tb for s.anuarC and {"(a9U,c f( tb
for snftsheii; Almonds. 6@6%c for Langut-doc,
3(^R%c fur hardshell and Nftitc for paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Eastern and 4c for
California: Hickory .Nuts, 5((S6c i» lb: Pecan*,
7%(a80.f» lb; Gilberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7Vi2@Bc: Cocoanots, 4@sctp» lui». ' - :
Ho.NEY-Comb, 1 • (a, 12 .._»<• for bright and s@oc
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c:
light amber extracted. 4%@13,ic; dark amber, <*@
4%c: dark. 2<&3c tb. •
BKlis>\VAX-23d-6c Vlb "'
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEAT?- Bacon. Be 13 !b for heavy, 7c
9 It. for light medium. 9Vac for light. 100 1) &> for
extra light and 11 y 2 c 1* It* for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 18@13\£c: California
Hams, ij(a>ny 2 c: Mess Beef. *7iq*7 50; extra
mess do. $B@H 50; family do, S9@9 50; extra
prime PorK, $7 60®8: extra clear. $16 IS bbl;
n.e^s. $14 ft hbl; Smoked Beet luc it It..
RD— Eastern, tierces, is quoted at He for com
pound and 6Vz@7c for pure: pails, 7 Vic 7$ ft,: Call
lornla tierces, i>(g>sVgC %l tt) for compound and 6*4.c
for pure: hall-bbls, ti%c; 10- 3> tins. 7 Vie: do 6-lb,
7Vbc V ft.. • , '•' . . . ■'■■
cottouENE— 6Vi@6V*:c in tierces and 7%@
8i ; a c in 10-lb tins. .■-..- •
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 8@
B^c; culls and brands, 7©7 i/ 2 c; indium, 7©7i/!|C:
culls and brands. 6(g,t>i 2 c; light. e@6y a c; culls
and brands, &@sVfec; Cowhide*. 6@6^c: culls ana
brands, 6@sU.c; salted Kip, 6©7 c: salted Calf,
7@Bc: salted Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 13c i» lb:
culls and brands, iuc %i ttr.dry Kip and Veal. 10c:
culls. 8c ~?. lb: ary Calf, 15c; culls. He: Goatskins,
- > » : (d.;-!.'sc each; Kids, 3c; Deerskins, goo. l summer,
20@35c^lb; medium. 154820 c; winter, 7f<49c;
MieepskiuH, shearlings., lo@isc each; short wool,
20fa3.'>c each; medium, 40(&>50c each; long wools,
5l each. -• ■ : - ' ■ : " '•
.'I ALLOW— No. ■1, rendered, 3c; •Na 2, 2Vic »
lb: refined. 6V4C; Grease. 2c vVtt*.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Hnmboldt and
Mendoclno. B^9c f" tt»: free northern, 7Vaf*BVic;
middle coun free. sf-2(g>7c; do. aefective 41™
. @6c; San Joaquin, 3@sc; Co. foothill, b(g>7c; hau
eru • r»gon spring. 7%@9c: Valley Oiegon, lUA
(3.l2 Vise; do. fall and iuuibs', ll®li>/ 2 c.
Hoi'.-— 9@llc lb for fair 1 tv choice, and 12®
13c for fancy. . . '
CtXKRAL MEKCHANDISE.
BAG*-The season is over. Calcutta Grain Bans,
spot, 4Vic in a small way. Wool Bags, 2 1 Va'S-^Ui »c.
Coal- Wei. $8 ¥ ton: New Wellington,
$8 $ ton; , J-outhrleld Welllmcton. $7 60 V ton;
Seattle, $5 So^6: Bryant, Baft 60: Coos Bay »5 -
Wailsend. *6: scotch. ; Brymbo, — -: Cum
berland, $13 V .ton in bulk and $14 in sks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $11@12 # ton; Welsli An
thracite. *8(gilO: Cannel, $B©B 50; Ki>ck springs,
castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$11@12 In bulk and $13 ton in sks.
1 , candles— Following are new quotations for
«rafflo« Wax Cand es: l'f, T *> *'*• ■ 6's, 12's,
white, HS /4 c: colored, B%c
SCOAu— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net c»sh: Cube and Crushed, Be-
Powdered, 5V a c: Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
/1/ ' 1% C: cc"oners 1 A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
f/ % - Xl a C, 4S ' /*°s/ *°5 Golden c, -.Vie; half barrels
V*c more than barrels, and boxes a c more. -
SAN FRANCISCO : MEAT V MARKET.
Wholesale ratss for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: - ;
B ^Fr Cholce ' s Vac: first quality, sc: second
do, 4@4V4c: third do, 3Vac '«» lb. • ...
V.£ A , L - Large, 4Vi@6c; small. 6@7c f« lb.
MUTTON — W*tuer», s@sVac; Ewes, 4@sc
f* In.
LAMR-5«6c ■$ ft,. "'. - -
o^h K -Live Hoks, 3V*c for large and medium
and 31/40 for small; die.i-ied do, 4@SV4C %i lb.
• RECEIPTS • OF " PRODUCE
FOB 24 HOURS ■
floor, or **«.., 6,745 1 Cheese, cU5...... : 46
Wheat, ells .. 103,615! Kggs, C 05........ 2.880
Washington... 8, 7 *.6; Hides, no 410
Farlev. ens... . . 86,721 I Pelts, Mis ....... 4,242
Oats.Eastern.ctls .430 Wine. ga15.... .„ 24,000
Beans. Bks „ 56! Brandy, ga15..... 6,400
Corn. ctls.. I,l^l wool, 01s :' 745
Rye. ct15...^.... h7ftl Sugar, bb1a. ...... 4,274
potatoes, ski.... 1,019 Leather, r0115.... 64
onions, 5ic5...... .155 Kalslns. Jboxes.. ' 1,450
Bran, sks — 732 Lime, bbls .....-; 240
Middlings, ska... - 69L Hops, bis a. ... 82
Hay, tons _ ' 50 Flaxseed,' W, sks 286
Butter, cut ..9 1 allow. cU5.. .... 35
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks ran along about the same yesterday and
business was dull, but prices advanced at the
close.
The Bu!llon-Beok Mining Company of Utah re
cently Dald a dividend of ? 80,000, making a total
of«24!.ooUfortheyear.
The Kureka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany kits levied an assessment of 6 cents per
share, delinquent December 28.
■ ihe Paclnc LUhling Company will pay a
monthly divlueud of 35 cents per share on De
cember 5.
The Silver King assessment of 26 cents per
share win be delinquent in the boards to-morrow.
The boards will not be In session today.
BOAKJJVSAI.IM.
.Followiner *pre the aai«t in the San Francisco
clock Board .tcsterday : } >;...". '
»?BriAB\IIOSXIXO OFPSIOV. COIIVKSCIXB 9:3 a
300 Alpha. 101 100 Chllar- ; 1.95 300 Occld.'.'.V.xO
[ 60U telcher...3-i| 50 CC<fcV:.l.os]3OO P0t0jt....84
• ■ AUKBXOOS BFBSIOX— 2 :^ '■ , •
600 Andes 19j .60 <onrl ... 95,250 Mxlc. 53
100 Belcner...S7 .00 Eureka... 23 400 Occldtl_..2o
100 8u11i0n.. ..14 ltsj v A c... 69 160 0ph1r...1.20
15 > ciiolr...2.ooKK» ............ 58 100 0Trmn....09
»Sa6*V:±S 7J :i dlOtfd lOtf t j-hulm
1 oliowiog were the- muc4 in the ' Pacific Block
Hard yesterday: >
BKcnT.AW «TnTnx-T>:n
yon Alnha. ..;lo .'OO ChaU«e... 0vrmn....10
200 A1t*. .....06 200 CCV.1.67%501 Potosl 83
(00 Andes.... 50 Conn »6 400 :....84
SOD 8e1cher... 35 300 Crwn Pt. .31|900 . .85
600 .....36 4(0 tiAC . ....59 30U t-avaee.._66
;?,H J4J 4 * *».. ..80 250 H&N....iyß 500Scorploa.04
IJS« . 1110D — 500 Jn11a......05-»00 SB AM... 13
800 Calcda.... 09 200 Alex ..621300 a Nev. ..52
800 Ch01r.>.2.00 «00 Occd leiJOU Uni0n... ..46
300 1.*6 200 0ph1r1.22% 350 V J»;»;...34
100 1.92% <; '-.. V
' A*TJiRNOOX 7 BFSSJOX— 2-30.
200 Alta 061200 ChaU«e...3s[loo Ophlrl.22Vj
250 Andes.... 19 100 ...........37 400 ..Hi
I"" • .....21 200 CC V.1. 67 ...^1.v:7%
200 8e1cner...35 WOO ..........1.70130J Potosl..-84
800 36700 C Point... 31 100 85
*00 39 200 . ..:..„.. 32 500 .-. 86
800 ... ........ .41 400 U <fcC.....6S 400 ... _ ...;.87
I 600 8&8...... 79300 ......... .66 200 88
50 :.. ..80300 :.....- boieou ... .»o
700 ..............82|150 H*N....lV 8 20 i bavage...6s
300 fcodle 62300 1.10400 ... ... .58
100 8u1wer...40 200 ...... 1.17% 200 . .. 59
100 Ca1eda....09 400 Kentuck..Ob .'OO t.Nev....54
200 10,100 Mexican .54 -JOO Uni0n. ...48
20U Choir 1.97 V»|400 ....; 350 50
610 »1.95 100 Mono 17 100 U:aa .08
400 2.00 300uccidt1....20 200 YJMUJMI..34
100 2.06 „..•... 21400 35
200 ......... ,2.10|60J 0vrmn....10|400 SB
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 25-2 p.ic. .
■ Ilif.Alkrd. ■ jBUI.As/ecA.
Alpha Cm.-... 09 If- Jack50n... .."...« 40
Atta.. .,.,,. ......06 07JD1U .„..„„. — 06
Andes. 19 2t Justice.. — 08
Belcher 39 40 Kenmck....... 02 03
Eest<bßelcaer 83 84 Lady Wash.... 02 13
BentonCon.... — 1, Mexican 53 66
Bodie 63 ,— Mono .... 15 —
Bullion 14 15 Nevada Queaa. — 04
Bulwer. 40 -Occidental..... 20 21
Caledonia. — lOUphlr I.VJS 1.30
Chollar ....;... 2. 10 2.16 Overman- 09 10
Cou.Cal&Va...l.Hs 1.70 PoiosL 89 90
Challenea Con. 38 39 ravage.. 6S BO
Con. imperial. 01 I/, Scorpion 03 —
Confidence.... 85 — *eg. Belcher... I*2 13
Con New YorK — > 01.0 1 . syndicate ...... 04 , —
Crown Point... 32 . 33 silver Hill •*-'- C 2 I
KastSterraNa7 — U Sierra Nevada ' s*' 65
Kureka Con ... 25 — Union Cou 48 60
Excheauw.... — . tv Ulan 06 08
liouiu 4. curry. 60 61 Vtllow J«tiS4U 36 37
likit^.Au»cr».l. 1.20
COLD) SII.MX, KXCHASOB.
300 Lockwood Con ..* ..... ITS
200 Savannah „ 44
MOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESUAY. Nov. 26-3 rM.
fNITBI 6TATK3 BONDS. i
}.™i. jtxUd. Bid. Atked.
V 8 4s coup.. 11" - CS*»rej... — 107%
Do lieu is«uei 19' 2 — I
MISCKLIAN^KOtIS BOND*
rai.«cwßSs. 110 — I'acKotl.MH — —
Cal£leoL6il2s - Do2dlsos.. — —
CntraCWSi 9Ji,, 971^! p* O Rrlt. — 115
Dt)nt-*t«x-co — 97% l"ckC!i KyJi. 96 —
EdsnL&PSs - 130 Pwl-stRR9v — 113%
>&CUKK6<. — 109 Reno, Wutli — 106
beary-stRSs. 100 — bacto P& U. — 100
losAngL.o*. — 100 -hF*NPKSi. 100 10U%
Do(JDieed6i - 103%'bPURArl>i< *3 17
Mkt-stCbletlill9 — hPßßCaliii. 110 —
roßyConas..losy lo6V4 bPRRCaIS«. — 100
KatVin6slsc/— 100 tsPBrRCalS*. 968/s '•'"
NevCNeß7s.loo — |PVWater6s.. 1181/4119%
N PCRR6i.IOOV*IOS fcVWatfr*s.. »9V* 9*%
N Ry Cat til 100 105 htfeiaO&Kdl — lU2
.N Ry Cal it. — 90 BunstTi&TSs. — — .
Oak Gas 65.. — 104 Sutier-»iK4* 10932 —
Loau v 04.. 106%107V%lVJ»ail«WC»« — —
Oiuuiliiu M.119 v 11!"'. »■ v.' ::[.
" . • W4TKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa — ' s>3%|!*i»n J0*«.... — _ '■"■■'■
MfcxtuCo.... 4t> — !Sprn?VaU«7 ffe s /i" 18V4
>>'"' OAS STOCKS.
O»nl»iW — -6 iPaclUe u«n\ 49 49%
Central- 9% — San rauc4C« — . 98
uuuLAii 62% 54 ; bioctaou..... — *<j
i-»c U»4luJit. 88% Bj"i,i
' IKsnBANCE STOCKS.
Flreman>BPill62%lßo |>nn.. _ '.— \ '
COtOIKItCIAX. BANK STOCK*.
iInn'RATU. — — |lx>ndonl'*.v. 126 128
Anglo-Ca1.... 64 59 I.ondoiut-jif. - 30
Bank of Cal.. 240 Merch Kx... It -■ — '
CaiaudtTCo — 110 Nevada — —
>ÜBils«itutu.ißU 185 jSaUidr iiOa. — —
' RA VINOS BANK STOCKS.
nrr'RATX'A.I36O 1500 Say & Loan.. — 105
HnrabhAUllUJ — (security 350 —
MutuaL — 40 L'uiouTfiut. 77J —
ti3»»Luioa — 610
, , - . STBKir RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 110 |OakHL<kUar — ion
ucary-st. — 60 Presidio 6% — C
ilaric«l-»i.... *3 43V4 Suttcr-st — — ;
PDWDKB STOCK*
AtiantK". n.'.. — ' — iGlantCoa.. . — : 21%
Kastern D... 72% — • Jodson U. a- — ■ - .
lauiuruia.... 70 100 IVlxorit . 50: 85c .
; , . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. -.
Al»w»r»ntrs. 97 BB%lNat Vln Co . — _
BIKI>Co»IC<). — 10 ' Oceanic 20 23%
Cal Cot Mill I —■■■' - |1"BC Aux f.V. — 4
Kdlson Light 12434 /3 I acßoraxCa 05 —
UasConAssn. — — , Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. 80 100 I'arf PalniLa — 7
lliwt'isca. It % 19 PacTr»u)Ua. — —
notch POO 266-,, . 253/ i Pac T*T Co. — _
McrKxAssa.lOU ilO -unset HJs.Il. — —
i! u»-u: — • 4% LuileJ OOa. — —
BALES-MOBM-Sii SKS-IIO.*".
Fnarfl—
75 Hawaiian Commercial... 19 00
200 Hutchlnson HP C 0... 25 75
55 Market-st Railway ; 43 25
25 do do 41 12%
30 do do - 43 00
92000 8 P Branch Railway 80nd5....... 96 60
Street — • ■ - • .
20 Edison Light & Power Co. 126 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial 18 75
100 Pacific Lighting 49 1:5
SALn-1— A rTKHXUU.V .il£»i;j<.
■ roard— "'• '• - " . • • ••.;-:'
iOO- Hawaiian Commercial, 18 75
$M) 00 Marke--st Ry Con 6% Bonds. .... 105 87%
$1000 N PCR Bonds 105 60
5 Cal Safe Deposit. .' 109 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial 19 OH '-'
,50 Hutcblnson is P Co 25 75
20 Market-st Railway ;.. 43 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William I. Hansell (by R. I. Whelan. Sheriff)
to Will lain Mays, lot on > line of Greenwich street
100 1". of ociavla, X 25 by s Hi): 1586.
Gustav Hinricbs to Carl Uhllg, lot on S line of
Oak street, 106:6 X of Clayton, a 25 by 8 137:6;
$5. ;• i •■ " ,
Crocker Estate Company to City and County of
San Fr»ncl*co, lot on N" line of Fredirick street,
412:6 E of stanyan, £ 68:9 by N 275: $1.
John -. and Maud Hald to Hans S. Hald, lot on
W line of York .street, ISO S of Twenty-fourth, a
26 by W 100; also all interest Iv the estate of Jo
hanna Maria Held; $100.
Jacob and Ll.-ia Herman to Maria Ho'.tz, lot on
N line of Alvaiado street, 225 W of Douglass, \V
25 by N 114, lot 15, Hoyman Tract; $10.
Martin Hensler et al. (by F. A. Will, referee) to
Catherine H easier, lot on N Una of McAllister
«nrt. 137:6 .W. of Leaven worth, W 27:6 by N
137:6: also lot on N line of Turk street, 105 W of
Mason, W 32:3 by N 137:6; also lot on NW line
of Waviand street, 65 sW of Berlin, sW 52 by
NW 100, being lots 3 and 4, block 2 ■», Homesteads
on University Mound Mirvey : $48,800.
Louis HessUr 10 same, tamo (3 nieces), quit
claim deed: «10.
Mar.in Hesaier to same, same (3 pieces), quit
claim <:e3d; $10. . • / • • ' • • :
. Louisa Aorannm to same, same (3 pieces), quit
claim deed: »10. J  ' '
Louisa, Adolpa.MTn and Kmil 'Mackwlth and
Josephine Karl to same, . same (3 pieces), quit
claim deed; $50. ,•■■;. -- • -", "™
Anna . Burn.-,. Catherine! Lindner,' Phillip and
William Hessler. Louisa paum i (by attorney), ite
gina Becker (■ y attorney) and Cnristlna ilatr.en
to same, samu (three pieces), ■ quitclaim -deed
s7o.- ■ ' ■■■""■ -.' :'. - ■ •■
Catherine Parrish to same, same (three pieces)
quitclaim deed: $10. . . ■ rr. ■; .. - - •. . . .
Paul Gallagher to Mary G. Gallagher, lot on W
line of Hyde street, 2s of -Filbert, S 24:6 by W
70; *10.
A. B. McCreery to Walter A. McCreery, lot on
SW line of East street, 137:6 j.\ \V of .Mis-ion, NW
45:10 by SW 50; «10. f ' •
J' hanna M. Carlson to Mary C Wai worth, lot
on NW corner of Eighth- avenue and X street. "V
100 by 67:6; $10. . .
ALAMKDA COUXTY.
J. J. Dutm to I.oui < H- Sharp, lut on X line of
Sbnttuck avenue, 180 N of Vine r treet, N 99-8 by
F. 90. being ihe X 90 feet of s 9:8 of lot 11 and E
10 leet or lots 12, 13 and 14, block 4. AntUell
iract, Berkeley: also lot on X lino of Shattu< k
avenue, 354:8 N of Vine street, N 246:4 by t. go
being the X 90 feet of lots 1 to H and X 90 feet ot
H 5:4 of lot 9, b:o?k 4. same. Berkeley ; f 10.
Mary J. Moss. Jessie t. aud Perry H. Auseon
and \V. L. and Lulu S. 1 ay or to May Ireland, lots
12 and 13, block i| Amended Map or Moss l'ract
Brook yn Township: fla
James A. Collins to H. W. Meek, Io: on N W line
of B street. 200 NX of Third. NE 100 by Nw 2*5
being lots 5 an 1 6 and s ly^ feet of lots 23 and 24
bloc* 82, Town of Ilaywards, Kden TownshiD
»lo.
H. W. axd Harriet W. Meek to Annie B. Bey
same. Kden Township; $10.
Angelo Beretta to Letnia Beretta, lot on NW
corner of Market and Nolan streets, W 116 by N
10J, being lots 15 aud 16. b.ock P, map of prop
erty of Central Land company, Oakland; al»o
property In ban Francisco: grant.
S.iah Marcus to John B. Solomon, lot on N line
or Charter avenue, or Tweniy-second {street. 563-1
X of >an Pablo avenue, X 2j by M 12»:4 Vs beiiir
the B halt ot lot 42, Tuttle Homestead Tract- also
lot on X line of Grove street. 40 n of Thirty-third
or Nolan, s 28 OAK 100, being portion of lot 2 Col
lins Iract, Oakland; »10.
John B. and Millie Solomon to Ida Marcus
same, two plec s, 1 akland ; 910.
I. N. and seba A. Gard to Gusiavns W. Gard, lot
90' jj, block I, amended map of blocks G and I
Vicente Peralta Reservation * ract, Oakland Town
ship: gilt.
Knse Thalmann to Richard F. Scott, lot 39 map
of the i-owie property. Oakland Township: jio
11. 3. and Lanra S. Haseltln* to C. F. Pease lot
on W Hue of Hazel street, 164 Sof Maple or Stu
art street. W I*o by S 60, being lot 31, University
Villa Tract, Berkeley: $475 . ««"«rauy
Edward and Man: L. Riveat to Francis Klvest,
lot on SF. corner of Calais and Kfflo streets, 100 X
from E Calais, E 51.55, S 132.681& W, 42.51, S
13i:6, to beginning, being lots 5 and 6, block E,
map of resubd vision of ' Smith's subdivision
of Matthews Tract. Berkeey; ?10. = '
Edward N. and Kdith Lindsay to William Rob
ertson, the half of section 20,". Township 3
south, range 3 E, containing 320 acres, Murray
Township; $10. ... 4 .
"P. H. Annelopuio to Thomas ?cott. lot on a line
of Front street, at. »W corner of lands of James
Callughan; thence SE to N. line, right of way of
Central Pacific Railroad S to lands of Larries, N\V
to S Front street, M 60:6 to beginning, town of
Livermore, Murray township: $455. \ ■
Marguerite L. and F. 1. Kendall to Annie N.
Kendall (wife of ¥. P.), lot on E line of Harrison
street, 78 N of Durant, N 78 by E 146, Oakland:
?10.
William H. Knight, administrator of the estate
of John Brady (by commissioner), to the Union
Savings Bank, lot on W lints of Linden street, 169
S of Third, S 25 by W 132. lot 36. block 443. Ade
line and Market-street Homestead. Oakland: 9863.)
NelsOlsrnto John Hanna, lot 16. block 11, Map
of Latham Terrace. East Oakland; *10
Eliza or Elisabeth Boutan (by commissioner) to
the Oakland Bank or Savings, lot on SK line .of.
Thirteen. h avenue, 57 Nh of -East Sixteenth
street, SE 100 by NE 33, block 90, Clinton, East
Oakland; $1425.
'. J. A. i aslmati, Peter E. Possen, John and Car
son iteid (by • ommlssioner) 10 same lot on SW
line of East Twenty-second street, 353 SE of
Twenty-first avenue, SE 72 by SW 140, being lots
16, 17 and a portion of lot 15, block 67, Map of
Northern Addi.ion to Brooklyn, East Oakland:
$1800.
A. L. and Abb:e C. Payne to George W.R.Gnnn,
lot beginning at the intersection of N line of Ade
line street and the 8 line of plat 47 of rancho of V.
and J. PerHlta, thence Nifi 336.60, W 493.03, S
307.78, E 33660 to oegimiing. containing three
acre*, quitclaim -leed. Oaklnnd Township: #5.
- Theodore and Ida Wagner to Henry W. Taylor,
lot 24. block 3, Dowllng Tract. Brooklyn: $10.
Mary J. Moss, Jessie K. and Perry H. Auseon
and Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to William W.
Curnow, lot 4, block 1, Moss Tiact, Brooklyn
Township: $10. ;
lohn R. Hodge, H. E. Jenkins, W. L Reed. Cali
fornia Improvement Company and J. P. Cook (by
commissioner) to Oakland Bank of Savings, lots 3
to 6, 17, 18 and 19, sunny side Tract, being portion
of Boua Tract. Brooklyn Township; $1402.
■ Peter Nolan to Isaac W. and '1 heresa Whit field,
lots 6 to 11, in section 33, township 4 S, ratine 1 E,
containing 223. 91 acres, subject' to two mortgages,
one to Daniel Gil martin for $700, and one to Ellen
Howard for $1500. Washington Township; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Eugenic St. Paul with William Linden,
carpenter work, etc. ou building on E line of
Nlntn avenue, 100 X of I street; $1600; William
Curlett architect.
Joseph K. Therlot with John F. Mlllerlck, car
penter work, etc., for a one-story frame building
on E line of Mission street, 178:7 S « f Fair avenue;
$1250; Alahoney & Rvland architects.
An English beauty was in the habit of
curling her hair with £5 Bank of England
notes, fine occasionally showed herself to
visitors with her hair in this costly paper.
She soon captured a wealthy husband,
who discovered that she was a deceiver —
for she had borrowed the money she had
displayed. __^________^_
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November, 1896.
80.
Mo. Tu. W.
2 3 4
9 10 11
16 17 18
33 24 25
30
Th.
5
12
Fr.
6
IS
Sa.
7
14
Moon's Phases
/£> ' New Mood.
s£r Nov. 4.i
3 Fin: utiarter
Hoy. 11. j
15
19
20
21
f3\ Full Moon. |
Vg/ Nov. 20. .
22
2d
27
28
/7*\l.ast Quarter.l
4^ .Nov. 27.
—
29
OCEAN STEAMERS.
>ates or Departure Fn
ore
roxn
im
ranc
SCO.
STEAMER I DESTINATION. |
MILS.
I PI KB.
hureka | Newport .\ov27. (-am I Pier . .
\n-ata | COos Bay »Nov2B.lo*M Pier 13
Josla. Rica.. Panama >ovJB, liiM'PMSS
rruckee .... Coos Bay Nov 28, spm f ler 2
HUM otUal. I Portland.. I Nov 29.1Uam > Pier Jl
Santa Rosa. | Han lHeao Kov29.llam Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt Nov 29. vw ' Pier 9
Jlty Puebla Vie <& and Not 30, »am Pier 9
Empire ; (Jreson ports. . ! Nov 3 1. ftps* Pier IS
Coos 8ay.. .. ' Newport Dec 2. i>AM;Plerll
_ % lty I'eklnv Chlnai Japan Dec 1. Ipm PM S3
Jity Sydney Cent America Dec 1,1*2 M ! PMSB
sunol : Grays Harbor Dec '-'. 12m i Pier 'i .
L'orona ' san Diego.. ... Dec 3,11 am Plerll
Farallon Yaanlna Bay. Dec 3, 6pm | Pier 2
Columbia. .. i Portland | Dec 4.KUM Pl««'lll
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STI-AMEK | • r ROM | II UK
bmte or Cat.... I Portland. Nov -it
I'lty PueDla | Victoria <& Puget Sound ...\ov2B
Arcata Coos Bay Novas
bant a Rosa I San Diego _ Nov 27
Mackinaw laroma ..... Nov 27
Proereso Seattle .. Nov v:7
1 ruckee Coos Bay ". Nov 27
Pomona.; .. I Hum bold: Bay. ... ;. I ..Nov 28
Australia i Honolulu...- i ..Nov 28
Emplrb .....„;. [Portland •. ..Nov 548
Coot Bay Newport Nor !i»
Doric China and Japan Nov 29
ami lon Yaquliu Mr ..Nov 549
Crescent City... ! rrescentCitv m Nov 30
Costa Rica. Departure Bay Nov SO
Corona. *au Diego. ..Dec 1
Columbia Portland .....-...". ..Dec' 1
Walla Walla... : Victoria * Puget Sound ..Dec 1
Homer Coon Bay Dec 1
San Jose Panama.,'..,,..., Dec .1
bunoi Newport Dec 2
Karelca... Newp0rt......... :. Dec S
Wf"<m. — O'Peonpor-s. J .Dec 8
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Grodktic Scbvey Tide")
Bulletin PunLisHKn by Official >■
Authority of the Sui-kbin-tendknt. J
Thurs -a--. November 20.
Snnrlsee 7.03 Moon rises 10.43pm
Sun sets 4 53 ' Moon sets.
November— lß96.
5 | H W ' il, W H W ! il, \V
:b> 5175 sTii y.63 570 .v.oai 4.1 : »0.i7 077
17 6.41 5.3 10.10 2.4, 4.40 3.X 11.14 1.3
18! 6.21 6.3 12.19 1.6 1 607 '3.9
L \v aw 1, W H W
9 , 0.08 1.8 7.00 6.6 1.19 0.8 7.35 4.0
10 I.COi X.'l 7.»8 5.8 2.17 -0.2 8.65 j 4.2
1 .1.64 2.6 8.16 6.1 3.16 -0.9 10.06 4.4
2 3.47 1 2.9 8.58 6.1 4.05—1.4 1. 10 4 4
Note- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence aa to time. The second time
column gives the second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, nnd then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
■ A branch of the United States HrdrographlO
Office : located In the : Merchant** ♦> Exchange Is
maintained in Saß Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■ - -
Navigators are i cordially - Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hani for com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or interest to ocean
commerce. , .:■ ... , ■ ■
The time ' ball on top of th« building on Tele
graph Hi>l I* hoisted about ten minutes befo c
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dar from the
United States Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cal.- •'•;■ - ■ ,■ >>;--- • •
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any, is
publishes the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following (lav.
W. S. Hughes.
. . • Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge. -
. . The Time Bait.
Cbaxcr Hypro«raphic OFFIOK, U. 8. v.. ■»
. Merchants' Kxchaxo* 'V ,
' ! Ban Francisco. Novemoer 25. 189(1. )
The time ball on Telegraoa Hill was aroppel
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. ai noon of the 120tu
mendlau, or exactly at a « if.. Greenwich time.
. V '. ■■ ■ W. S. HuaußS,
• ' ' ' Lientenant U. S. N.. In chance.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WKDNESDAY. November 25.
Stmr Eureka. Parsons, 77 hours from Newpor:
and way ports; pass and mdse.to Uood.til. PerKlui
& Co.
stmr Whltelaw, Leland. 21 hours from Point
Arena: wreckage from the stmr San Beniio.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, stf hours Irom Santa
Barbara: hallas*. to J s Klin ha 1
Bchr Lena sweasey, Johnson, 8 days from
New Whntcom. via Port Angeles 6 days; JO4 M. ft
lumber, to A A Baxter.
Schr Amethyst. Sorland, 7 days from Walds
pon; 110 M ft lumber, 6 eds bark, to Harrison
Bns.
Schr Ralph J Long, Anderson, 5 days from Slus
law River: 150 M ft lumber, to Bealde <fc Co.
sxhr Free Trade, Hansen, tt days from Nehaiem
River; lumber, 10 orler.
Schr Defender, Helllngsen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros <£ Co.
Schr Gem, Olsen. «J days from Grays Harbor;
lumber, to if X Wood Lumoer Co.
Schr Joseph liuss, Mat.ion, h davsfrom Port
Gamble: lumuer. to P»clnc Plue Lunioer Co.
Schr Bertie Mluor. Raven, 30 hours trom Ku
reka: 325 M ft lumber, to J X Hamfy.
Bchr Challenger, Sonerad, 19 days from Seattle,
via C'aliam Bay 9 dajri: 400 Mft lumber, to J H
baiter.
Schr Chas Hanson, Nielsen, 6 days frm Grays
Harbor: 220 M ft lumber, to rf E slade Lumber
Co.
Schr C A Tnayer, Lllyqulst, 3 days from Grays
Harbor; 65J Mft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Olsen, 60 hoars from Coos
Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Ca
v~ienreil.
WEDNESDAY. November 23.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Gnaymas; Goodall,
P stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka; Uoodaii, ParUagM
Br ship Dominion, Meredith. Queenstown ; G W
Br ship Bermuda, Kohn. Queenstown; G W Me
* Br ship Dlmsdale, Roihery, QueeD.stown: G W
Me Near.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson, Melbourne;
Dempster A Co. k
Hnw bark -antlagv, Johnsou, HIlo; J D Spreck
els it Kros Co.
-> hai bark Cape Horn Pigeon, Scullan whaling;
J & W X Wing.
schr Volunteer, Bressem, Mollendo; W R Grace
A Ca
' Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. November 25.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Simr 31exico, Thomas, Victoria and Puget Sound.
Simr Corona. Je, sen, San Diego - and way port*.
Nor stmr Guernsey; Petlersen. Antwerp.
Stmr Whltesooro. Johnson.
Simr Pomona, Doran, Eureka. .
Whal bark Cape Horn Pigeon. Scullan. whaling.
Bark Guardian, Marden. Port Blauelcy.
Br bark British Princess. Soil, Sydney.
Bark Gen Falrchlld. Brunnan, Seattle.
Schr Ocean Spray, Jeuson. Iversens Landing.
bchr Nettie Low, Low, Point Keyei. ' '
Bcnr Etta B, Bourne. Fort Koss.
; Schr Mary C. Campoeu. Bodega. 1 . >
Schr Fanny Dutard, Peterson. Tacoma.
Schr Bender Brothers, w e nt, Point Arena.
Schr ParkersDurg, Jorgensen, Coquille River.
: Keturned.
WEDNESDAY, November 2s.
Scbr Bessie K. Andersen, from sea, on account
of machinery being disabled.
. ' . Telegraphic. . .
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 25.— 10 P. M.— Weaths:
clear; wind N\V; velocity 30 miles.
Charters
. The ship George Stetson loads sugar at Eaho
lul for New York: bark Gen Falrchlld. coal at
Seattle for this port: schr Carrier Dove, lumber on
the Columbia River for Mon«kon?, 40» ; bare
GuarJlan. lumber at Port Blakeley lor Yokohama;
bktn J M Griffith, lumber at fort Haaiock for
Honolulu. • •
Miscellaneous.
The brig Geneva from Unga Island for San
Francisco, put into Santa Cruz this aiternoon on
account of rough weather.
; iV ;.".':. , l>om«i»tio Porn*. ,
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 25— Br bark Pyrenees, for
Qneenstown: schr Corona, for Redondo.
CASPAR— SaiIed Nov 25— Stmr Caspar, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 25— 8tmr G Loom Is, v
hence Nov 25.
MENDOCINO— Nov 25— Stmr Pt Arena,
for San Francisco.
POINT _ Kis-YKS— Passat Nov 25-Rtmr Cres
cent City, hence Nov 24, for Crescent City.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 25-scnr Halcyon, frm
Santa Barbara. •
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 25— Navarro
hence Nov 23,
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 25— 8tmr Signal, frm
As.oria.
TOUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr
Mlneola, from Comox.
. , Fureltn Port*.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Nov Schr AWa, from
Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Nov 24— Schr Czar, hoe
Nov 12. > . •„ -.;■■■ .
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Nov 24— Swed bark
Lady Lin a. from Coqulmbo.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Nov 22— Schr Nokomls,
from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— sailed Kov 24— Br stmr China,
for San Francisco.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*-
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Western
land, from Antwerp; stmr Teutonic, from Liver
pool and Queenstown ; stmr Massachusetts, from
London: stmr Havsl, from Bremen.
sailed Nov 25— aimr Germanic, for Liverpool;
stmr ~t 1 ouis, for Southampton: stmr Kensington,
ior Antwera; stmr State of Nebraska, ior Glas
gow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Nov 25— Stm rs
Npw York and Aller.
Sailed Nov 25- -•.. a- Trave, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived out Nov 25— Stmr Mohawk.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Nov 23-Stm. Maarsden,
or New York.
Importations.
NEWPORT-Per Eureka— l 34 bxs oranges, 13
bxs persimmons. 2 cs coffee, 1 bx walnuts and
lemons, 1 sk nuts.
East San Pedro— l bale hose.
Ventu, a— 1 nbl vinegar. 4 pkgs groceries. 101
bxsoraußes. 42 bxs lemons. 1 bx hardware.
Carplnteria— 24s sks walnuts. 45 bbls asphal
tum.
hanta Barbara— l 9 bxs candies. 30 bxs lemons.
Gaviota— 3o sks crawfish, 6 bd.s fish.
Port Harford— 2 bxs fish, 43 bdis hides and pelts,
7 bxs butter, I cs eggs.
Monterey— ll2 bxs apples.
Per Eureka-Gray <S Barblert; Walter Webster:
Adelsdorfer <fe Co; Camimdonico & Malcolm; AL
Pollock; <;oodvear Rubber Co; O iiar.on ; C inhope
Bros Dunham, Carrlgan <ft Co; Levl Spiegel <SCo;
Standard Oil Co: Suswnan, < rmser •X. Co: Nash
A Boessnecker: L Scatena «fe Co: J d<- Martini A
Co; Alcatraz Aspha:t Co: American Union >isi
Co: J Ivancovich A Co: Wheaton. lirtou AJj: J B
Inguglia; A Paladin!; A Levy it Co: H Wa'deck;
M S -.mas: Benin A Lepori: Union Oil Co: S ew
artßros: Wltzel .fc Baker; Eveleth »fc Nash; Wa
Rouse <t Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH. FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
. From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
T? A T?TT/* 13 First-class 1 Including
J? i-VXVJL\»6 Second-class f berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
I State of California. ...Nov. 29, Dec. 9,19, 29
Columbia Dec. 4, 14, 24
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates and loiden upon applica-
tion to t;
F. F. CONNOR. General Afront,
630 Market street.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendents
PACIFIC COAST_STEAffISfIIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY \Zft3L
wharf, Ban Francisco, as follows: "THair"
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wranget, Jnneau. Kll-
Itsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
■end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wt-atcom (Belllnsham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it
Nov. 5. 10, 15, 20,25, 30, and every tifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. ft.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. K. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky., -it. Pert Townsend with Alaska s leaner:.
For )-:ureka, Arca'.a and Fields Landing (Hum.
i boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 P. it, Nov. 1, 5.9, 13,
i 17. 21. 25, .29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford (ban l.uls Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
1 Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, ban Pedro, East sa 1
I Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
I Nov. 3. 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter. ' ■
For an Diego, stopping only at Port HanorJ
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Fort Los An-
J reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
1 a.m. Nov.l, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, and every fourth
1 day thereafter.
For Knsennda, San Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Fax and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. v. 25th of each month. .
Ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. -■ ■ ' -.-
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
. 10 Market at.. Sun KrancUeo.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ "YSJO
HAWAII. SAMOA, [La. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Tl "1™.... * '
AUSTRALIA. WS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. *•. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day, December 5. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
*. S. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10, at 2 p m
LlnetoCOOLG ARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRKCKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street
Freight Office, 327 Market st- smi rranclsco.
COMPAGME GENERAL TUISITL.UTIQUS
FrencU Una to Harri.
riOMPAN PIER(NEW),42 NORTH A*S»
\J River, foot of Morton st. .Travelers by -&&&X
(his line avoid both :ranslt by English railway «n;
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a sniilt
boat. New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Pafu.
nrst-cluss ?1B»: second-clais, $ll<>.
LA BRETAGNiS. .......: :. Dee. 5. Noon
LA «H »MPAG\K Dec. 12. 5 A. M.
LA TOURAINE. Deo. 19. 9 A. sc
LA IiASCCKiNK..... Dec 20, 5 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 2 —
*i> ■a- v/i lurtUer articular^ npply to
A. FORGET. Am 1 .
: .Na S. Bowling Green. Now Yore
X P. , FUG AZI * CO, Ageou, 5 Monuaaasry
avenue, ban i laucisco. __________
STOCKTO3 STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washing-ton St-
I At a I*. M. Daily. Jb'reljiHtArecoived up
;■■.■■.'. . to .»:3l> I*. M.'y^:- ;
■ JUT Accommoaations Reserved by Telephone.
Its only Hue matin* through' rates on VaUo
Koad frelgn, sTKAMERst ; . ;
T. C. Walker. J. D. reter«.
Mary tiarratt, City of Stockton.
I_epl_out) jiiiiu 80S. Cat. Nay. and linot. Cm
fAUEJO ASD U. S. NAVYYARD.
STKAJI-l. "MONTICKLLO,"
Dally at............. *10:30 a. jc. 4 and 9:30 p. _.
baturdays „.. .' »10:30 a, m., t m
Bnndayn;.;;.. ......8 r. Zl
, i Landing MisMon-otree". Dock. Pier _ ■'■ ,
1 : ' - •- •' Telephone Black 261. '■ X ■ ■ ■ _
•Excursion trip, giving a hours a; Navy- Yard, f
T "AMEP. ALVJSO LEAVES PIElt V HAir -
bant* C__r» su San jo» -- V *"• Pier L• M w *WILL SOW SEEDS
AND RAISE FUNDS
How the Juniors Will Help
the National C. E.
Convention.
G. E Gilbert Proposes a P.an
That the Young People
Gladly Accept.
By Growing and Selling Produce Thou
sands of Dollars Will Prob
ably Bs Made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 25. j
A novel plan has been brought forward
for enabling the thousands of Junior
Christian tndeavorers oi the State to add
their mite to the general fund for the
National convention of 1897. For several
months complaint has been made that the
C E. GILBERT, Who Will Give Seeds to Junior Endeavorers to
Raise Plants Which They Will Sell for the '97 National
Convention Fond.
juniors are taking little or no interest in
the great, event next year. It was urged
on their behalf that they had no money
\o give and that consequently they could
not enter into the spirit of the affair.
This objection, however, exists no longer.
C. E. Gilbert of the city Endeavor Union,
,who is one of the most prominent men in
the organization in this county, was sur
prised at tue last meeting of juniors to
hear the little ones express a willingness
to work or do anything if by such action
' they could help to swell the fund for enter
taininz delegates at the next convention.
. A- aiscussion was held, but no feasible
•plan was advanced which would bring
a-boiu the desired end. Finally, Mr. Gil
bert thought that the little ones, if they
were in earnest, wouid be willing to do a
little gardening to testify to their love for
•the principles of the union.
Mr. Gilbert advanced the idea that if
they were to grow plants and vegetables
" and sell them for the benefit of the fund,
it would be far better than to advise them
.logo around begging from their friends.
The' idea at once proved acceptable, and
the' little people signified their willingness
to grow produce it it were made possible
for them to do so. Gilbert then under
took to supply every child with the neces
sary seed to start a little produce- patch.
- At the next meeting of the juniors a
large variety of garden-seed wi 1 be on
• hand and the children will be given what i
kuid they desire. They will also bfc toid j
how best to cultivate them and wtat to do j
: in order to render the experiment a suc
cess. Armed with seed and knowledge,
each little Endeavorcr will do his or her
beat to make a Rood showing when the
time comes for them to make known the
result of their efforts.
• There are probably not less than a j
•thousand Junior Eudeavorers in Alamed*
County, and it is more than likely tliat
each one will earn from one to three dol- j
Jars by means of this experiment. The I
children are very enthusiastic over the !
wore and are erateful to Mr. Gi bsrt, not '
so much for supplying the s eds as devis- j
ing.a plan which will enaole them to do
a« mufih as many of their ieniors for the
•National convention.
Probably not less than tnree thousand
dollars will be procured by this means,
und the Junior Cnristian Endeavorers of |
this county will have set nn example that
can be profitably foliowed in every other
county on the coast.
A GUN IS MISSING.
•Its Absence. May have an Alleged Mur
• '■.";_ : derer From' the Gallows.
Oakland Office San Francisco Tali,,)
903 Broadway, Nov. 25, 1396. j
A very remarkable discovery was made
to-day in regard to the evidenca in the
trial of Antone Devencenzi for the alleged
murder of Felice Varnia last December.
The prosecution in the case depends to
home extent upon the proof that the
empty shells found near the murdered
' man's body were of the same kind and
size as those used by the prisoner with Jus
gun. This eun. has now disappeared, and
there is very little hope that it will be
recovered. .'
Three months ago Mrs. Burean, the pro
prietress of a guustore on Seventh street,
applied to the -District Attorn Ar-, for per
mission to take away and cian Deven
•oenzi's .gun to prevent" it Jrora.. .being
ruined. The permission was granted her,
bat before doing so the District Attorney
«>e # rved her wiUi a subpena requiring her
to" appear in court -'at the trial and bring
the gun with her. The trial is now on.
add tie prosecution has reached that stage
where it is necessary that it have the gun.
'Mrs. Burgan was called as ; a witness but
d.id not respond, and it was found that she
had Jeft town. . . . -' • . * ;
'A search was made for the missing wit
ness and it was found that some time ago
B"he sold her gunstore and quit the busi
nees. A little later ah© left Oikland and
is now living at Cloverda'e, on the Burgan
.ranch. The proprietor now in charge of
the store has not the gun in his possession
| and declares that no such weapon was
j there when the stock was turned over to
him.
An attachment was issued to-day for
Mrs. Burgan and Sheriff White left with
it for Cloverdale. Without this gun all
j the evidence regarding the shells, which
hacl been very carefully worked up and en
which the prosecution depended to clinch
its case, w\ll be comparatively worthless.
Whether the gun has been intentionally
made away with in the interest of the de
fense, or whether it has merely di>ap
peared casually, are the points that are
now interesting the Sheriffs office. With
out the gun Devenc-nzi considers that his
chances for acquittal are improved 50 per
cent.
A FUNERAL AND A FIGHT.
Mn. Couturier Locks Two Stepdaugh
ter* Out of Their House After
the I'uneral.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Nov. 25.— Miss Elsie
Herne of San Francisco swore to a com
plaint last evening charging a man named
Paul with battery. Tne trouble arose at
the house of the late Mrs. Herne. step
mother of the young lady, on the day fol
lowing the funeral. Miss Herne and sis
ter, Virginia, and an aunt named Mrs.
Couturier were in attendance nt the fune
ral, but the latter leared that the girls
would taKe possession of the premises.
After laying off their wraps and leaving
their pocket-books in the front hall the
girls are said to have been shut into the
kitchen. Beg as they might they could
not induce Mrs. Couturier to let them in.
After sleeping on the kitchen floor they
made an attempt to force the front door in
the morning in order to secure their
things. A man named Paul assisted in
keeping them out, and is accused of throw
ing Miss Virginia bodily out into a flower
bed. She claims to be badly bruised and
her feelings hurt.
Surrenders the Kncinal,
ALAMEDA. Cal., Nov. 25. -The man-
a gement of the Encinal has reverted to F.
K. Krauth, its former owner. James W.
Travis, who has run it for the past year,
surrend ere-1 the j aper Sunday, but at the
request of Mr. Krau'h got out Monday's
edition. "I am satisfied with the West
Oakland Sun and the Emeryville News,"
said Mr. Travis this afternoon. "I see no
money in keeping a paper running that
does not pay expenses, and will confine
my efforts to the other papers." Mr.
Krauth denies that his son and R. H. Ma
giiljr will manage the paper, but does
not know what he will do yet.
Twelfth Anniversary.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. Nov. 25.— Alameda
Parlor No. 47, N. S. G. W., celebrated their
I twelith anniversary this evening with a
j masquerade ball in the Armory. The at
tendance was large, and all seemed to en
joy themselves. The arrangements were
In the hands of L. H. Tansue, J. A. San-
I s>om, A. V. Fisher, J. J. Flynn and Max
j Gundlach. The recrption committee was
composed of J. F. Hanson, M. Glas, W.
j Eckstein, J. H. Glas and K. J. Probst, who
faithfully attended to the duties allotted
them. C. M. Da 7, president, was floor
i manager. The floor committee were:
', G. Wagner, C. N. Bolte, H. Reichsrath, E.
18. Owens and O. T. Rose. It is needless
to add that their duties were performed to
the satisfaction of all.
The Native Daughters served an elab
orate supper and added greatly to the
pleasure of their brothers and sweet
hearts.
Low Estimates.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Nov. 25.— Percy &
Hamilton, architects, who drew the plans
I for the alterations of the Council-rooms,
| estimated the cost at $300. Local builders
i refuse to figure on any such proposition,
; saying that the lumber alone would cost
i that much. They claim $600 would be a
cheap price for the job.
"I don't believe that the library will
ever get out of the City Hall if it is once
moved in," said Librarian Harbourne to
day. "Of course, they tell us that we will
; have a building in the course of two or
; three years, but that is only talk to paci/y
I the enthusiaitic. By that time the lot
I will be sold."
Kncinal City Notes.
The City Hall will be dosed to-day as
welt as the banks.
Spruce Camp No. 132, Woodmen of the
World, elected omeers last night.
The postoftice will be open from 8 to 10
; a. m. to-day and make only one delivery
of mails.
Thanksgiving day services will be held
at the Santa Clara-avenue M. E. Church
at 10:30 to-day. Donations for the poor
i enn be taken there and turned over to the
j Youn- People's committee, who wiil see
, that good use is made of everything.
Mor • worthy applications are beinjr made
I than they can care for.
Miss Grace Culberlson of 1821 Bay street
: was terribly bitten in the faca Monday by
a dog.
Two hundred incandescent electric
lights are to be placed on Central avenue.
Work was begun on them to-day.
>ew Bank for Araador.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Nov. 25.— Articles of
incorporation of the Bank of Araador
County have been tiled with the County
Clerk. The corporation will do business
in the towns oi Jackson and Sutter Cree k.
The capital stock is $50,000, divided into soo
shares. The subscribers are: Frederick
C. Siebe, twenty shares; Varney W. Gas
kill, sixty; Henry Eudey, ten;*S. Spag
noli, live; M. J. Madison, ten.
To Confer About the It rid go.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 25.— District At
torney bnonk received a letter this morn
ing from Traffic Manager Curtis of the
Southern Pacific Company notifying htm
that the railroad company will be pleased
to confer with the Supervisors with a
view to agreeing, if possible, upon plans
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1596.
for a bridge over the estuary. An early
date will be arranged.
THANKSGIVING PROGRAMME.
How tho Churches and Various Societies
Will Celebrate the Holiday.
OAKLAND, Cai., Not. 25.—Thanksgiv
ing day will be celebrated in fatting man
ner in Oakland to-day.
Union Thanksgiving services will be
he!d at 11 o'clock in the Centennial Pres
byterian Church. All East Oakland
churches will unite there and Rev. R.
Whitaker will preach.
Rev. Percy >Veber will preach at St,
John's at 10 :30. There will be a full choir
of men and boys.
The union services of the San Francisco
and Oakland Christian churches will be
held at Hamilton Hall. There will be
Thanksgiving services at the First Presby
terian Church. The Oakland City Chr.s-
Uan Endeavor Union has been collecting
Thanksgiving material and will attend to
the wants of needy families to-morrow.
The following committee has charge of the
work: E. C. Gilbert, E. T. Lester, Miss
Beth Clift, A. L. Todd and Wentworth
W«IJ.
The Oakland Benevolent Society will
see that the inmates of the Old Ladies'
Home are well provided for. To-morrow
evening the Daughters of Israel Kehef
Society will give an annual ball in Ma
sonic Hall.
The Fabiola donation will be given out
in the morning. A commit cc of ladies
will be at 1060 Broadway and also at Fao
lola Hospital to receive contributions of
money or supplies till noon to-morrow.
AFTER THE BALL.
Leaders of Golden Gate Society Have
Ceased Quarreling.
OAKLAND, Cal., Not. 25 —The trouble
over the celebrated Dillingham ball dress
that stirred to its center the society of
Golden Gate has been adjusted.
Speaking in her own behalf, Miss Min
nie Riley, who wore the dress and won
the prize, said to-day:
"I wish to say that Mrs. Dillingham did
not prepare the dress that won the first
prize at the masquerade on Saturday
evening especially for that occasion, it
being one she bad worn without success
on many previous occasions.
"Nobody asked her for the use of her
dress, but she offered it of her own free
will. She was not sick at the time, but
prelerred a good night's sleep to going to
the ball. If 1 had not worn the dress it
would not have been there to win the
prize.
"Afterward she wanted the whote prize,
but on second consideration has come to
my terms of agreement and given me half
its value, and she is now in possession of
both watch and dress, and all is settled
satisfactorily to both."
OAKLAND WINS.
In a WregtUng Bout Between Vere ins
Will I« Victorious.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— Germania
Hall was filled to-nigiit by the members
and friends of the Oakland and San Fran
cisco Turn Vereins. The occasion was a
testimonial in honor of the tenth anniver
sary of their teacher, Paul Uth.
The feature of the evening was a wrest
ling match, catch-as-catch-can, between
the San Francisco and Oakland vereins,
the winner to secure two falls out of three.
George Hildebrand represented San Fran
cisco and John Will the local verein.
The first fall was secured by Will in
fifteen minutes, riildebrand was forced
to the mat a second time in eight minutes
and Will was declared the champion of
the bay vereins.
There were several pretty displays by
the juniors.
The Micdonough Theater.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Nov. 25.— A novel and
pleasing entertainment will be given by
the Acme Athletic Club on Monday even
ing, December 7. which will doubtless be
the society event of the peasoa. Caro
True Boardman has arranged a panto
mimic spectacle in which thirty society
misses will be the cast. The San Fran
cisco Press Club quartet has kindly con
sented to appear. The members of the
athletic club are all in active training
and will introduce several new acrobatic
fe.-us.
Fannie Bioomfield-Zeisler, the great
pianist, will give one of her popular re
citals at the Macd noujh Theater on
Thursday evening, December 3. Miss
Zeisler has demonstrated that she is en
titled to all the words of praise which
herald her coming. She is one of the few
really great ones who are on the cencert
staee—^reat as an executant and great as
an interpreter.
Toe Delia Fox Opera Comiqu« Company
begins to-morrow a three nigiits and Sat
urday matinee engagement at the Mac
donough Theater, producing "Fleur de
Lts" Thursday and Friday nights and
"The Little Trooper" Saturday matinee
and night.
New Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— The follow
ing-named from which to select the Grand
Jury for the second term of the year were
drawn to-day:
Charles Lever, Alameda; W. M. Fallon.
Dublin; Edwin W hippie, Newark; \V. T.
Veich, Oakland; Harvey M. Wnterbury
Berkeley; W. H. Tyson, Nile*; Joshua
Chad bourn, Pleasanton; D. E. Knox
Hay wards; W. A. Rou.se, Oakland'-
Charles McCleverty, Oakland; Freu
Becker. Oakland; Albert A. Pennoyer
Oakland; A. L. Bradford, Raywards'
I Puny Bartlett, Oakland; A. M. Benham'
Oakland, D. W. C. Gaskill. Oakland :
! George Cnase, Oakland; Manuel E. Silva
San Leantlro; M. T. Holcomb, Oakland •
Daniel Inman, Livermore; Kobert Dal
ziel. Oakland; \V. H. Wright, Livermore-
P. N. Remiuard, Oakland; R.idnev D
Hunter, OuKland; T. A. C'rellin. Pleas
anton; E-iward Newland, Oakland- F M
Farwell, Oakland; F. R. G rard, Oakland :
C. C. Clay, Seminary Park: T. L. Barker'
Oakland. '
Bids for West Oakland Park.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— The Board
of Public \\ <>rks lias received four bids for
land for the West Oakland Park. Irvin-
J. Crane wants $8000 for six and a hail
acres unti led land, and he also offers an
other three ana a half acres unfilled for
$6)00. Fish beck & Webster offer mar^h
iand of 3.61 at $1000 an acre, or 2.1 acres »t
$1500 per ucre. The Oakland isa»k of Bav
\nc* offers lots 1, 2 and 3of block 43 for
$2000. James de Freraery offers 8.68 acres
at Eighteenth, Union, Twenty-tirst and
Kirkham streets, all filled and higti land
on which are now growing a large number
of trees, for $10,000. AH tbs bias were
taken under advisement.
Company A's Ann] Ternary.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 23— Company
A, Filth Regiment, celebrated its thirty
fifth anniversary by a ball this eve;, in-.
The affair was a brilliant one as the
"Dandy Fifth" includes many younger
members of Bociety. Military Hall was
beautifully decorated und refreshments
were served in a camp tent formed of a
lanre flag. At one ent of the hall was an
enormous shield and eagle, built with red
white and blue buutine, with an occa
sional touch of cold. On it was the in
tcripiion, "Our Anniversary— 1861-1896."
Riparian Rights Argued.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— The ripa
rian damage suit oi the spring Vullev
Water Company against John L. Beard
had another inning in the Superior Court
this iiiornin.'. Argument was taken on
the point as to whether a property-owner
had any claim upon the water in the creek
after it had passed his property. Tne
contention on this point issied till noon
when a continuance was 'taken over
Thanksgiving.
Train Strikes a Little Boy.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Nov. 25.— Vance Hol
lowell was struck by a train near Golden
Gate last evening and thrown fully a
dozen feet. His apparently lifeless body
was picked up by some of tre train men
and carried to his home. The bo/ was
unconscious and bis skull was trepphinrd
in an effort to save his life. He was only
7 years of ace and is still hovering be
tween life and death.
SHOOTING AFFRAY
BARELY AVERTED
Berkeley's Town Marshal
Assaulted by a Gray-
Haired Woman.
Mrs. Mary Townsend Pulled a
Revolver on Him and At
tempted to Discharge It.
The Gun Failed to Go Off— Put Under
Arrest— More Trouble Antic
ipated.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 25.— Another
scene in the famous trouble over the dis
puted possession of the Townsend prop
erty on Shattuck avenue was enacted to
day. All the accessories for a first-class
tragedy were present — two pistols, a de
termined woman, an aggressor and an
Richard Lloyd, Town Marshal of
Berkeley, Who Was Held at
Bay by Two Revolvers
in the Hands of Mrs. Mary
Townsend.
audience of a score or more people which
bad gathered around the "Townsend
Fort," as it has come to be called.
The spilling of blood by the shooting
ing down of Berkeley's Town Marshal was
only averted by the coolness of temper
which the officer displayed and the fear
lessness which he manifested toward the
enraged woman. As told before, the town
authorities had authorized Street Superin
tendent Chick to remove from the street
the house of Mrs. Town«end, which has
been blockading the public highway for
more than two weeks. Chick was driven
from t c premises.
YesterJay Mm. Townsend was told that
her dwelling mu-t be moved back to its
place at once, a-. d that unless she had it
done to-day the matter would be attended
to by the town authorities.
Instead of comnlying with the request
of tho Street Superintendent she re
enforced her stock of ammunition and
said she would shoot the first man who
laid hands on the building.
Superintendent Chick held a lone con
ference with her this morning in an at
tempt to persuade her that she should
Mrs. Townsend and the House She Valiantly Defended.
give up to ihe town authorities, bnt hi 3
efforts were unavailing, and accordingly
this afternoon an Oakland contractor, ac
companied by Marshal Lloyd, went to the
house.
Mrs. Townsend was on guard inside
with two trusty revolvers and n great
quantity of ammunition. The mar>hal
rapped at the duor for admission. Tne
aged protectress of the citadel opened the
door, but on seeing the officer, attempted
to close it. The marshal then forced the
door open, and before he knew it Mrs.
Townsend had a six-shooter placed against
his chest and was attempting to pail the
trigger.
Her weak arms, for she is 76 years of age,
were closely pinioned, however, and she
did not succeed in discharging the weapoi;.
Officers Coey and Esmond jumped in at
this instant and wn-sted from the prny
haired matron the two revolvers which she
hPld in her bands. Having been disarmed
and placed nt the m* rcy of the
olticars. she was put under arrest and
charged with assauit with a deadly wea
pon, l^he was arrested under the com
pla nt which was sworn aeainsi her as a
result of her first trouble with Chick. A
plea of not guilty was entered, and she
Tvas allowed to go from the Town Hall on
her own recognizance. While she was
gone the house was moved back to its old
position.
Before work was commenced a repre
sentative of W. P. Grant, the house
mover who put the building in the street,
notified the Oakland contractor not to use
his outfit for moving.
Superintendent Chick ordered the Oak
land contractor to go ahead, saying that
he would confiscate Grant's outfit and
take it to the Town Hall, as it was an ob
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
struction to the street. All of the outfit
that was on the property claimed by the
town has been taken to the Town Hall.
To-night Mrs. Townsend is at the resi
dence oi Dr. Ritter, and says that she will
now pive up to the authorities, in the
hope that justice may be meted out to her.
A large number of Berkeley citizens
who know the history of the case say that
Mrs. Townsend has no just claim to the
property she is attempting to bold and
that the plea that she is a much-abused
woman is groundless. Others, however,
assert the contrary.
There seems to b6 no telling when or
how the matter will end.
Funeral of Dr. Bonte.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 25. — The
funeral of Dr. J. H. C Bonte, who was for
fiiteen years secretary of the Board of
Regents* of the State University, and who
died yesterday, will take placeon Fr:day
at Sacramento, from the residence of his
son-in-law, Dr. J. H. Parkinson. It is
anticipated that a large delegation of the
Regents, members of the faculty and
students, together with a corps from
Durant Lodge, F. and A. M., will attend.
All exercises of the university were sus
pended to-day in memory of the deceased
secretary.
Brief News Items,
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 25.— A new
driveway for light v hides is about to be
opened up on the north side of the uni
versity grounds leading to the Scenic
Park.
A union thanksgiving service will be
held to-morrow morning at 10:30 at the
First Presbyterian Church. Services of
the Episcopalians will be held at St.
Mark's, beginning at 10 o'clock.
Professor H. T. Ardley of the depart
ment oi industrial art at the university is
engaged in delivering a series of illus
trated lectures on his subject in the south
ern part of the State.
The new incandescent lighting system
for Berkeley went into operation this
morning. The service will continue
throughout the night and will be regu
lated each day by the rising of the sun.
THE GREAT
GAME TO-DAY
Continued from Fifth Page.
part, but he is believed to be in good condition
now and fully capable of holding down his
end. He is speedy at getting down on kicks,
runs well with the dr. i and is. strong at tack
ling. The way he will slip through a mass of
interference and down a runner Is admirable.
His greatest fault is a tendency to overrun hi s
man, especially on punt.s. Jeffs is also catcher
on the Varsity baseball team and a good one.
Quarterback C. G. Murphy is theonlv fresh
man to make the team, and it is only through
his unusual ability that he won the coveted
place. Little Mclntosh, who played sub
quarter lasi year, was looked on as a sure
winner ot the place on account of his wonder
fully ijrttty end clever play, but Murphy was
too strong for him. United with unusual
speed. Murphy has a knack for punting that
easily places him ahead of »ny other player at
Stantord. For distances. Soper can, perhaps,
outpunt him, and Freeman is nearly his equal
in that respect, but neither is so accurate in
his placing of kicks nor so quick in executing
them. Murphy is sure in his passing and
tackies fairly well, but his strong point is his
cleverness us a general. He has what players
call a "football head," that is, he knows just
what to do in a game at the right time. His
football experience comes from two years'
play on the Willamette Co.lege team, during
one year of wbiob time Murphy was captain.
In Salem, WaHh., Murphy has a record as a
hurdler, jumper and bicyclist. He weighs
146 pounds, Is 5 feet Go Inches tall, and is
hiking Latin as a majjr Hludy. He is 20 years
of Rge.
Forrest 8. Fisher, Stanford's right half, is a
webfooter from Oregon, and this is hfs first
year in the Varsity. He began to play foot
ball toward the close oi lnsi year, and his
model build for a halfback, coupled with bis
weight, strength and >pirlt, made him a prom
ising man. For mu*cular development no
man in the team exceeds him. His play this
season bag been characterized by steadiness
and reliability rather than brilliancy. Pos
sessing no great speed or quickness in getting
off, Fisher d<;es manage to get up a pow
erful momentum in a very short distance,
and the way lie tears into a Hue Is a caution.
Hl» line plunging it his strong point, and in
that he rivals Frankenheimer of former years.
He also backs up a line well ana is a hard
tackier. Fisher is of st cky build, 5 feet 7
inches In his stockings, and weighs 176
pounds stripped. He entered Stanford wiih
i the class ol 96, and is pursuing the Btudy of
the law.
With H. F. Seawright at left half Stanford
well feels that she is strongly lortlfled. Sea
wright is a hard, dashing player, a steady,
sure tackier, and active on his fevt. He backs
well and is a srround-gainer with the ba 1.
Hiswei'ihtis 172 pounds, stripped, age 21,
height 5 feet 8'- 2 inches, and n;ajor subject
German. He is a post-graduate student, only
arrived at Stanford this year from Missouri,
and somewhere in that state his record for
the hundred yards is said to stand at 10 sec
ond* Hat.
Steuurt W. Cotton, the fullback, is frequent
ly said to be the best aii-roun-1 football piayer
at Stanford. He has tried all poduona now
Hnd is a success in any of them. Last year he
was a very likely candidate for quarter and
was tried lor some time in that position. Cot
ton learned the Ram: originally at Belmont
School and \va- the only freshman of the class
of '98 to m:iki- the tenm. This is his third
year on the Varsity and he thoroughly uiuier
stnnds the game. As a line-bacter nothing
can stop him, and at tackling he is sure and
Umd. Forsolaige a man Cotton has much
speed, which makes him valuable to send
iieaiust the line. Cotton is still the youngest
m >n In the team and has been ever since he
lirst played for Stnnford as « freshman. He is'
19 years old, is G feet 1 inch In height and
weighs 187 pounds, stripped. His major
study is history, and his home is in San Fran
cisco.
In case any of the men should be injured
there will be plenty of substitutes on hanu to
take their places. As a rule thesa substitutes
have given the Varsity men close runs for
their positions.
For "subs" buck of the line there is, first, C.
S. Dole 'i>B, of Kivertlde, Stanford's all-round
athlete ana coast champion poie-vaulter, who
had a lead lor a Varsity place until iniured
two wei'ks ngo. He is just back in playing
shupc again. As an en<i-iunner and for keep
ing his feet Dole is the best back at Stanford.
He Is a;so strong at line-buckinsj nml in back
ing up the line. His tackling is but little in
ferior to Seawright's. and his weight is the
same as that of the Varsity left half. Dole is
~*i years old. 5 feet *l inc-hes in height and is
taking economics as a major.
Louis Freeman '99. of Pasadena, the tennis
champion, is sub-half or fullback, and is but
18 years old. He is larger than anvof the
halfbacks and is (i feet in height, weighs 1761£
pounds stripped and is taking law as HiHJ;>r.
Freeman is a fierce line-bucker, fair tackier
and an excellent punter.
Garth Parker is the other "sub-half. 1 In
build ne is short and thick-set, but rather
lighter than the other men, weighing but 16b"
» ■ ■ ' ' tm> *V " *" "
Auction Sales
-SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST— WAGONS. BUGGIES, CARTS
AM) HARNESS OFKVERY DE-
. BCRIPTION*. both New anl
' • ■ ■ Second-hand.*. |
NO OFFER REFUSED. —
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
■ '■' MAPTHA V <fc ro.
pounds. What he lacks In weight, however,
he makes up in spirit. He is in every play,
plays an excellent defensive game and is al
ways on hand in stopping up c mass play. At
finding a weak point in a line he has lew supt
riors and his tackling is low and hard. His
residence is Salinas, Cal.; his age 21; major
study, physiolopy.
W. W. Burnett '00 can play equally well
at guard, center or tackle. He was the center
rush in the freshman match against Berkeley
and had an easy time with Birdsad. His play
ing is better now than ever before. Law is his
major; bis height is 6 feet 1 inch; weight, 193
pounds.
Edwin James '98, of Paso Robies, "sub
guard," is in prime condition and is capable
of a sturdy game. His practice this season has
been steady and conscientious. He is 6 feet 2
inches in height, weighs 190 pounds stripped
and is a civil engineering student.
Sub-end is W. L. McLaine '97. of San Fran
cisco, Varsity pitcher, and B. Thomas If neces
nary. Both are strong, steady players, who
lollow the ball carefully and tackle in an ad
mimble manner.
SuL-quarterback \V. P. Mclntosh '99, of Los
Angelets, is in some respects superior to Mur
phy. He will tackle anything that comes his
way and has mi-re endurance and grit than
most of the Varsity men. He is 21 years old,
but weighs only 135 pounds.
Students Enthusiastic.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Nov. 25.— Berkeley's
practice season for 1896 is no more. The
last game preliminary to the great annual
intercollegiate match has been played,
the last touchdown has been scored, the
last punt has been made, the last muscle
has been rubbed down, the final yell has
been given and the last song has been
sung before the mightily sinewed collegi
ans meet on the gridiron-like amphithea
ter in battle for the crown of laurel. Tne
long training season with its many vicissi
tudes, its inevitable vagaries, its hopes, its
fears and the anxiety it has occasioned in
thousands of hearts is at an end. Now a
few hours of rest for the men and the bat
tle will De on.
As a fitting climax to a season of hard
labor and incessant toil the friends and
supporters of the sturdy players who are
to uphold the blue and gold in to-mor
row's contest turned out GOO strong to
nignt and gave them an ovation such as
only college boys can give. They sang
and they yelleu, they hooted ami they
cheered, they spoke and listened. No
Caesar ever departed from Rome untier
more delightful and encouraging circum
stances. The "rooters" who had gathered
to pay tribute to ;ne defenders of Alma
Mater met at Stiles Hall for a lew mo
ments of practice in singing and cheering
before going in a body to the training
quarters.
Under the leadership of Yellmaster
Gooding and Assistant Miller they went
through the lines of football songs, the
iibesand the verses of doergerel which they
had committed and which will be dealt
out to Stanford to-morrow in quantities to
suit.
Coach Butterworth, Manager Reinhardt
and all the players were called out one by
one and asked to speak to the body of
yelling students, who Btood within the
j glare of an impromptu bonfire, which was
weil fed with boards and pickets from the
surrounding fences. Captain Ransome
thanked the boys for the ovation, ana ex
pressed full confidence in a victory for the
| blue and gold in to-morrow's contest. He
I said that all the men were going into tue
| game with one purpose — that of winning—
I and il defeat should be their lot they
! would bear it bravely, feeling that they
had done their best. His remarks were
frequently interrupted by loud rounds of
applause. Each of the other members of
the team responded in a few well-chosen
i sentences.
But er worth was callfid for and when
the popuiar coach appeared cheers from
the tnrong fairly rent the air. He adraon
i isfaed the students to ever be loyal to the
! lootbali men, and especially tnose who
| bucceed in reaching the highest positions
which they nave won through merit. He
discouraeed the idea of cheering a player
who dashes out from the rest of his team
and runs diwn the field with the ball
without cansidering also the man or men
j whose work made the brilliant play pos
sible. Continuing, he said: "You don't
seem to know when to yell and to cheer.
Your intentions are undoubtedly good
enoueh, but you frequently was.c good
breath. If the team did not have lots of
sand and good sense you would have them
spoiled because ol your sometimes mis
placed cheering. [Some one calls out
"three cheers for the sand."]
"I am afraid," said Butterworth, "that
I will not have the pleasure of seeing yon
acain next year, but I shall not foreei you.
Wnatever pointers to my buccessor from
my experience with you I can give will be
freely offered."
When seen after the meeting Butter
worth said to a Call correspondent that
he was much more pleasea with the show
ing made by the men this year than last.
"Their allegiance to the principles of the
came has been closer," said he, "and they
have worked harder and truer. The
general standard of their play has gone
up. They have been handicapped eoriie
what by the vagaries of the season, but,
after all, we should have no kick coming,
lor most of the men are in goo i condition.
"While l shall not place myself on
record as pred.cting the outcome of the
game to-morrow, I will say that I am not
absolutely discouraged with the outlook
for the Berkel-y team. It will be with
great interest that I will watch the game."
The team will tzo over to the City in the
morning on the 10 o'clocK train, and will
be quartered at the Baldwin. The little
bear which will s<»rve as California's
mascot and "Spud" Murphy, his Keeper,
will aiso be on the train. Both young
bruin and Murphy will be gayly decked in
blue and fjold, and are destined to cut
quite a figure on the field before the
kick-off. In the evening after the game
the piayers will go to the Auditorium,
vrheie the university theater party is to
be given and the farce "In Kokopo'' pro
duced by student actors.
More Harbor Improvements.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 25.— Another
large improvement wiil soon be added to
those already existing in the uppr har
bor. The contract has just been let for
the construciion of another large ccal
bunker upon the wharf of the California
Development Company, above Alice
street br due. It will have a storage ca
pacity of 6000 lons of coal, and the plans
provide for the latest improved machinery
for quickly unloading ships' cargoes find
placing it on cir-*. The only drawback
at present is the necessity of deeper water
in the harbor.
Until forty years ago Japanese were
vaccinp.t o d on the tin of the no^e.
• /^^L f>r.Jßibbon's Dispensary.
ffkrfßXm?^- I i £ r I:A ? S V ST ' Established
id 71 mm :1Hl '' f for the treatment of Private
SaJt^MR P' sei '- fi< ' fi ' Liwt Manhood. . Debility or
> QraflMHß 'I'-^ase wearing on bodyand mlndl:id
■■ Nviß:l-M"\;H "in leases. Thedoctorcureswheu
«ORSSSJVGIL l . the '' sfan - Try him. Charges low
r'HwUMWIMi! « nie»jtuarani<«-d. Callorwri'?
Br. J. v.
RAILROAD TRATEti
Train* connect wiih North Pacifla
Coast Railroad. ' " ■ . -.
WiSKK DAYS-u-ave aF. 9:15 a. m. 1:4 r.'ii
m-M^ c i u vli!"?- Arrlve s - *■• 3:25 •■ M - 6:2 ° **.
Vi»r.,;T^ s LeaveS - F - Bx:M 11:30a:m. l:3Ur.»t
Eetnrnlnjr-Arrive S.K.I :1 5 p. m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
llckets for sale In Mill Valley or -
Mini- 11 ,?'- *- UuK * MMJ* 6.l Market St.. 8. F. :
Kill Valley »nd ilount Taoalpais Sceaic KaiiwaM
COOK & CO.
123 Kearny Street.
QORQEOUS CHINAWARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
-A-T ATJOTIO3XT.
The Greatest Anction Sale in History,
I>auy ai 2 o'clock p. jr. and Sa'urday
Night at 8 o'clock.
1* .T. BAHTII, Aiictlo"PffT
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .. "
SOITIURN 'l» AC'kyiC COMPANY.
*„:: (PACIFIC SVHTKM.)
Truinu Iciitx'iiiiil ju-«» <]■<<• in arrive at
SAN I'UANCI!S(O.
UEAVg— FnpM November 7, 1.00 p. m.. 1896.— army»
•8:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations... ~ 8:45 a.
' 7tQO4 Atlantic Express, Ogilcu a<id ICant.. B:*sp
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Rumscy. Sacra-
mento. OroviUo and Redding via
Davis 6:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, 3Tapa,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa -0:15?
8:30 a Niks, San Jose, .Stockton. lone.'
: Sacramento. Marysvillu and Red
• r.inir ....?..... ......;.....: •tti.-ip
•8:30 a Peters and Miltou «7:15p
8:00 a New Orleans Kliuou, Eaynond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, BaVersfiehl,
Santa Hui'liara. Los Angeles, Dem-
Ing, £1 Paso, 'New Orleans . and
East ; 4i43pi
.' »:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4Rp
9:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
....... Niles, San Jose, Livermore -and .
Stockton 7:13p
•I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «»:O«p
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations. t7:45
4:00 - Martinez,. Han Ramon. Vullcjo,
Napa, Calißtoga, El Verano and
• Santa Rosa 9:134
4:00f Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MarysvilU', Oro-
Tlllo and •Sacramento 1 1:1.1 a
4:3op Niles, San Jose anddverraore.... 8:43 a,
4:3UrLos Angeles Express,. Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
- Angelas '. 10:43 a.
4i3op Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Express
' for Moj.ivt? mid Hast .......". ." I 0:43 a
■ 6:00p European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:43 a
6:OOp Ilnywiirils, Nilesumt Han Jose 7:43*
J7:OOi- Va11ej0.................;............' i'7:43p
7:00 v Oregon lixpress, Sacramento, IVlorys-
ville, Re.liliiiK, Portland, Pnget
Sound and Kast 11:13 A
«[1O:O3p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East §lg:4ft|»
SAXIA i-M'Z IU VISION (Narrow <.a\iiff).
Mil Ne^ark.Outervillo.iSniijDßC.Fcltnn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way -
Stations ....■..:... 3:30f
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Nev
Almaden, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations. ;.:.. Mls2oa.
4:13p Newark, Ban Jnso and Los (<atos.... 0:30 a
{11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations •.......;.... }7:gop
i:O\sr DIVISION (Third ♦* Towiisctnl Ms.)
0:43 a .San Joso and Way Stations (Now
Almaden Wednesdays only): l<3op
•:13a San Joiie.'Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Rubles, San
- , Luis Oi.ispo, Gaadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:0»p
'10:40 a San Joxuund Way Stations ft:O3p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations.. 3:30r
. •a:3OrSan Mateo, Menlo Park, .San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Sal!nas,MontercyamlPaciucGrove *IO:40a
*3::top.San Josuand Way Stations ........ 9:30 a
*4:3oi»San Jose and Way Stations »S:1Oa
s:3Oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:30 a
6:: tor San Jose and Way Stations... O::S3a
t11:43p San Joeoand Way Stations... 17:48p
' SAX Lfc:AM>KO AM> HAYWAKUS LOCAL. ■
»»6:«0a "1 , . : ( 7:15 a
■ 8:OOa (!):43a
iSoSaI Melro e,SemlnanrP»rk, luSSi
'"iSSp Fltchburg,S«iLeandro "7:^
3:00p « a ■ 4:43p
4:00p ' 5:43p
.»:(>«» i' HaTirarda ™%
7:(»Op ' ' B:4."ip
O-OOp i Runs through to Nile*. 10:50?
ttll':lspj From Niles. I. ttlg:OOi.»
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAD f RiNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 $3:00
•1:00 . 45:00 »6:00 p.m.
From OiKLAND— Foat of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. U2:00 *l:00 t2:00 , *3:00 tl:JO
«5:00 p.m. . ' . .'.• ' _
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
} Sundays only.
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
• an d Saturdays. §^ - urirl»vß an'l Thursday*.
FRASCISCO & NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market 36.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA Y9— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 13-SV
8:30, : 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— tri a
at 11:30 p. K. Saturdays— Extra trlpj as i:ji
' and 11:30 p. it -
BDNDAYB— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30. 3:3%
; 6:00. 6:20 P. it
San Kafael to Sun Fn»ncl«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m..
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlM
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. '*^
BUNDAYB— H-..V, 9:40, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:101
5:00,6:25 p.m. ; **
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzea Paris sataa
schedule as above. ■ . - ,- r
L *" ye i T _„-.,., • Arrive V
Ban -Francisco.* o"t 14? Bftn Frandsca
Wkkk I Sun- Dp.^n^Mon - Sax- I Wekk"
j Pays. I, days. destination. BAYa- | Days.
1 7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am I 8:40 a*
8:30 pm 1 9:30 am! Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 ah
6:10 S:(X)PMJSanta Kosa. 7:35 pm i v:-. -J 1-4
_ „ Fulton, "
100 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
■-■ • l.y ttou,
Geyserville,
8:30 PM 8:00 am Clovenlale. 7:?B pm 6:22 pm
" r ~ \ Vleta, — —
Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:28
■?:30 am " I ~ 10:25 am
• ■ 8:00 am G uernevlile. 7:35 pm
3:50 PM ■■■-.•.-.■ I"-,' . ' 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Kl.len. I 6:10 pm | 6:22 PM
7:30 am B:o;>am| gebaatoDQi 10:40 am! 10:2 ■am
3:30 PM 5:00 pm| ts€Daatopol - | 6;10 | tS.L'Sp*
states connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Bka?s;s Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Wstnland
Springs, Kt'lseyville. Soda bay and i.ak<-por;; a;
Hopland. for Lakeporl and Bart! etc Springs; at
TJkiah for Vichy Suriners, Saratoga Springs, Blm
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, }*orno, Potter
Valley; John Day's, Kiverside, Llerley's, Back-*
null's, Santiedrio Heights. HullvillG. Boonevilie
Greenwood,. Orr'a Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!, Willets, Cuhto, Co-
velo, Layionvitle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoel
rates. ■:■■■ .
On Sundays round-trip tickets 10 all point* bt>
youd Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlrr-s. 650 2lark«tBt., Chronicle buil<iln*
U. G. WHITINO. B. X. RYAN,
Uen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageofc
Atlantic '^Stejgn
Pacific J&Mstezc^L
BAILKOAD
Trains leave anj urrira et RkStSSsSISsPshI
Market-Street I«"erry.
SASTAFE EXPRESS. MmM
To Chicago via A. & l\«£»vSs<tpV?T!jl
i'" > l>lrtrct Line ' *^S»C(B^t^^*^^g|
' Leaves da ! ly at 4:80 p. M.,carrvlns: VuUman Palacs
Drawing-room and Modern UplolstiTtHl TourUD
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through lo Chicixo
via Kansas City. Annex can for Denver and a:.
Louis. . ; --.*■■
i:ui:on KjccuMfcns. via Kansas CJty, Chicago,
Montreal and the White fountains leave every
T esday. , . ■
The best railway from California te the East.
New rails, new lies: nodust; interesting scenery,
: ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.- • ■•
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle liuildlug. Telephone 3lalo
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
SOOT PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via* Sausallto Ferry). -
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13; 1831, .
WEEKDAYS. •
For Mill Valle» and ha n. Ka!nel— »7i2s, •9:15,
11:UO A..M. »1:45, 3:45, "5: 16. •3:45,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Bait Kafael on Monday*, \Vedne»
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. v.
■ r - ;■"••;• SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Snn ; Itafaei— »B:oo, •10'Ot
•11:30 a. M. ; •l:.-,0. 3:00. *4:r.0. 6:16*. m.
Trains marked run to San Uueutlu. '
' THROUGH TKAINS.
For Pont Reyes ana I way stations— 7:25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. M. Sundays, 1:45 P. m. e>atui»
«ays.", ■■ ■ ■ ■ :■■■.■■•■-, r ■•-■ ■.. ■-■ .-.-
. tor Cazadero and way stations— 7 :2s a. m. Ktet
«»7»; 1:45 JVM. Saturday*. *"* •"*
sisuX'iiliHf Vlfr.Mll VfrTmsTilAiWfrrPirtfr "~
1112
SAY HEBBARD ASSIGNED ALL
THE BANK CASES TO HIMSELF
Mute Witnesses Produced in Court to Prove That the
Superior Judge Appointed Sheehan
Receiver.
Records of the People's Home
Savings Bank Suits
Are Read.
THBEE PONDEROUS PACKAGES.
Thomas S. Williams Jr. Putting In
Evidence to Justify the Famous
Circular.
The name of Judge J. C. B. Hebbard,
Judge of Department 4 of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, was repeated a great many
times in Judge Daingeriield's department
of the Superior Court yesterday, for the
attorneys representing Thomas S. Wil
liams Jr., charged with libeling Judge
Hebbard, were reading from the records
in the People's Home Savings Bank suits
to prove justification of the things pub
lished against Judge Hebhard.
The basis of the indictment against ,
Williams and his associates is a circular j
denouncing Judge Hebbard. It was issued ;
just before the election at which Judge
Hebbard was a candidate for re-election,
and is entitled "An Appeal to Voters."
In order to prove the charges made in
the circular against Judge Hebbard the
attorneys for the defense declared that it i
was necessary to read the records in the '
extensive litigation which followed the
failure of the People's Home Savings
Bank.
The accusations, brie fly stated, were that
Judge Hebbard had shoun himself to be j
"an unfair and therefore unfit" person to j
receive the suffrages of the electors of the
City and County of San Francisco for a
position on the Superior Court bench;
that he had "appointed as receiver of the |
bank an incompetent, irresponsible politi- j
cal parasite in the person of John F. '
Sheehan, so that his friend Watt became j
the attorney and active manager of the I
bank" ; that though Judge Hebbard had at
first agreed to allow the old board of
directors of the bank to meet tor the pur- j
pose ot resigning, he changed his mind j
'Ibecaune the men of character selected by j
the depositors for the vacancies were not '
satisfactory to Hebbard's bo»om friend, I
the notorious James Alva Watt, who de- !
sired >o be the attorney nuii real manager i
of the bank."
Touching the matter of extravagance
and wasteful mismanagement the alleged j
libelous circular continues: "During the
B>even months following Watt so manipu- j
lated affairs as to secure control of a ma- |
jority of the bank's stock, when Hebbard j
graciously discharges the receiver and his j
bondsmen without a proper accounting to ;
the court. A board of directors selected ;
by Watt was then elected, and Sheehan i
and Watt continued in orhco as manager
and attorney respectively, and a blanket i
resolution was passed by the board ap- 1
proving the acts of the receiver. During I
the eight months of the illegal receiver*
ship the sum of $42,965 41 was disbursed.
Keceiver Sheehan and Attorney Watt each i
appropriated as his salary the sum of $.500 I
ptr month. In addition large sums were !
squandered in fees and junketing trips, j
No less an authority than the Attorney- I
General of the State has declared that the \
receiver was not legally entitled to one |
cent of compensation for such services. 1 '
The circular closed with a charge that I
Judge Hebbard, more than any one else, j
was responsible for the "scandalous mis
management of the bank since its f lilure." j
This was sienod by Thomas S. Williams i
Jr., E. T. Kendall, Georne B. Conanr,
Benjamin Lucey, A. L. Casavaw and F.
H. (jualman.
Attorney Crittenden Thornton produced
three ponderous packages of documents,
comprising the original records in three
ruses against the People's Home Savings
Bank, in all of which John P. Sbeenan
figured as receiver, unuer appointment by
Judge Hebbard, and in each case James
Alva Watt appeared as attorney, in some
instances representins both the receiver
and the bank.
One matter on which Attorney Thorn
ton laid great stress in his opening state
ment ior the defens? was that Judge
Hebbard, while presiding Judge oi the
Superior Court, had allotted to himseif all
the People's Home Savings Bank cases in
which there was a chance to appoint a
receiver, and that he invariab.y made
John F. Shoehan his appointee, with the
result that James Alva Watt at once be
came the recognized attorney in the case.
To prove this assertion the original in
dorsement on the complaints against the
bank was read to the jury. In each case
the indorsement was the same, appearing
in Judge Hebbard's handwriting, as fo.
-lows:
: Assigned to Department No. 4. :
HEBBARD. ■
: Presiding Judge. ■
Judge Hebbard then was and still is
Judge of D?partment 4 of the Superior
Court.
• After the alignment followed the ap
pointment of Watt as attorney for Shee
han, and after Watt had secured the elec
tion of a board of directors to suit his pur
poses Watt was, by order of Judge Heb
bard, substituted as attorney for the bank,
against the wishes of the former attorneys
of the bank, giving him a double grip on
tlio affairs of that institution.
It 1 oked at nrst as if Mr. Thornton and
his associates had taken a contract to read
for a month, and it, vould have occui ied
that length of time ii all the papers bad
been gonb through with, but by stipula
tion it was agreed that only papers bear
ing directly on the employment of John
F. Sheehan and James Aiva Wntt in the
patronage immediately un.ler Judge lleb
bard's control should be read. This con
tracted the job to ?uch an extent that the
reading was conf hided yesterday at nooii-
To sustain thu point ma<ie in the alleged
libelous circular that Judge Hebbard dis
charged Receiver Sh.ehan without requir
ing a proper accounting to the court the
record was read showing that the dis
charge and exoneration of bondsmen had
been allowed and ordered by Judge Heb
bard because Mr. Sheehan tiad filed in
court a receipt signed by the president of
the People's Home Savinps Bank to tbe
effect that he had turned over all the
property in his hands to the officers of the
bank, a list of the aforesaid property be
ing returnsd to the officers of the bank by
Mr. Sheehan.
The taking of testimony was continued
till next Monday, as none of the attorneys
wished to spoil the digestion of their tur
key by going on with a case so bitterly
contested immediately after Thanksgiving
day.
STRUCK IN COURT.
James Mcl'iulilen Sent to .Tall for Five
f iJays by Judge- black.
James McFadden startled Judge Slack
yesterday afternoon, and '■- rive minutes
later be was himself startled by finding
himself in jail, where he will remain for
Jive days. He may regret that he has ao
opportunity to eat his Thanksgiving Day
turicey at home, but that is his own fault.
The divorce suit of Nellie L. Goidon
aeainst Levi B. Gordon had jnst been con
cluded, and Judge Slack awarded a decree
of divorce in favor ot the wife on the
ground of failure to provide.
In order to make as much defense as
possible Gordon, who is serving a term in
the County Jail for petty larceny, had
himself conducted to the courtroom by a
Deputy Sheriff. In his testimony Gordon
cast some slurs on his wife, and McFad
den, Mrs. Gordon's brother, was seen to
scowl angrily.
As Gordon was passing from the room
in charge of the officer McFadden, who
was in the courtroom near the door, sprang
upon him and struck him with his fist.
Immediately McFad.len was arrested and
was led back to Judge Slack, who ad
judged him guilty of contempt of court
and sentenced him to serve five days in
the County. Tail; so Gordon and McFad
den slept under the same roof last night.
IS NOW A SERVANT,
Mrs. M rl.emiHii 'i rw.l i-ii All Her Wealth
Into the liunde of a
Schemer.
The clouds are fathering around Michael
T. Ward's chances for liberty. He is now
serving a term for petty larceny in the
House of Correction, and when he will be
liberated in January next it will only be
to stand trial on the more serious charge
of grand larceny.
Mr-. Elizabeth McLennan is the com
plaining witness in this case.
The police have been aware for some
time that Ward had feloniously obtained
considerable money from the woman, bat
her whereabouts were uncertain. She was
discovered a short time ago in Lake
County, where as a servant she has been
working in a summer resort for $15 a
month. She was brought to this City,
where she swore out a warrant for Ward's
arrest.
A few years ago Ward made the ac
quaintance of Mrs. McLennan in Oregon.
She was possessed of $HOOO in cash and
property, the latter being located princi
pally around I'asndena. "Ward won the
woman's confidence and confided to her
the secret of an inheritance of $100,000 he
had just receivpd*.
As he proposed to go East to settle up
his affairs he turned over his power of
attorney to the lady, telling her that he
believed she could well represent him on
this coast.
Prior to leaving, however, Ward advised
Mrs. McLennan to place her property in
terests in the hands of a friend he had in
Los Angeles. To do this the deeds of her
properties were iirst turned over to Ward,
who in the course of time, the woman
says, turned them into ensh, leaving her
destitute and obliged to earn her living by
working as a servant.
m <* •
L. H. JOSSELYN'S DENIAL.
He Slate* That He Did Not Open a
Letter and Kxtract Money
Therefrom.
Lockwood H. Josselyn, who was indicted
by the United States Grand Jury for a
violation of the postal laws and regula
tions, appeared yesterday morning before
Judge Morrow of the United States Dis
trict Court. Josselyn was arrested by
Postal Inspector lrwin, who alleges that
the accused intercepted a letter addressed
to Airs. A. I). Howe of this City and took
from it a $15 money order, which he
cashed. Josselyn pleaded not guilty and
was admitted to bail in the sum of $-'>00.
His triul will be set for next month.
STREETS AND SEWERS.
The Committee of the Supervisors to
Deal With Numerous Petitions.
The Street Committee, at a meeting yes
terday morning, agreed to report favorably
upon the following petitions:
Mary Roberts, to postpone the laying of side
walks on Eddy street, between Broderick and
Devisadcro; City Street Improvement Com
pany, to pave Green, between Cough and Oo
tavia; Herman Seller, to remove obstructions
from Kimbnll place; property-owners, against
paving I.arkin, between Lombard and Chest
nut: A. L. Harris and John Martin, to retain
artificial curbs on Cole, between Oak
and Page; Theodore Klcbard, to erect a
sign ■at 737 Mission; property-owners,
to lay a six-foot sidewalk on V'icksburg,
between Twenty - second and Twenty
fourth; Hilling & Baker, for- a sewer in
M street south be ween Eighth and Ninth
avenues, and in Eighth avenue between M
and N; 11. E. Law, to grade in front of his
property on Pierce  between . Lombard and
Chestnut; residents, for sidewalk on Nine
teenth between 'and Sanchez; propertv
owners. for the grading of Chapultepec; S. N.
Wood & Co.. to erect a sign at 541 Market;
property-owners, for the grading of Fulton
irom Masonic avenue to Shrader; Polk-street
Improvement Club, to award as soon as pos
sible a contract for the grading of Polk be
tween Greenwich and Lombard ; property
owners, against grading Fifteenth avenue
south.
* The proposition to establish an assess
ment district for a sewer outlet through
Lyonand Chestnut streets ana the prop
erty-owners' petition for a sewer in Six
teenth street between Ashbury and Upper
Terrace will be reported against.
-•—»• — » « :—•: — •-
PROGRESS ON THE CARNIVAL
Manager Frledluiitfer of the * olutnbia
'1 heater Appointed Director-General.
A meeting of the carnival committee
was bel i in room 13, the Mills building,
last Tuesday. S. H. Friedlander of the
Columbia Theater was appointed director
general. The total management of the
carnival will be in his hands.
Mr. Fried lander's assistants are now
busily engaged on the programme, it be
ing the intention to make it both novel
and attractive.
The carnival will begin Monday, April
19, and run for one weet. Thursday has
been appointed as the regular meeting day
of the committee.
Not long aco 25,000 carnival buttons
were on hand, but the orders coming in
from the State at iarge have been so great
thru more will have to be made at once.
J. A. Filcher was selected M the late an
nual convention of the California Press
Association to harmonize the times of the
various carnivals to be hold in this State in
spring. They will all in all take up six
weeks' lime and will probably be mado an
annual affair.
• — ♦■— •-
WILLIAMS DIVORCE CASE.
Kx-Inspoctor Dick Sht* Ue Wai m Good
Husband.
Richard S. Williams appeared in Judge
Hunt's department of the Superior Court
yesterday to answer the accusations of
cruelty presented against him by his wife
Nel'ie, who is suing for a divorce.
Williams was lormerly a Customs-house
inspector and was accused of trallicking in
Chinese certificates. At his examination
it was shown that- he had accumulated a
great many thousand dollars in a remark
ably shore time.
Attorney George D. Collins of airship
fame read Mrs. Williams' complaint and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIIURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2C>, 1890.
calmly denied that Williams threw at his
wife any of the foilowinz named articles:
One ham (boiled), 1 loaf bread, 3 potatoes
(mashed), eggs (number not stated), stew
(hot). 1 knife (carving), 1 coffee-pot (con
taining coffee), 1 steaK, dishes (not enu
merated).
To prove that he hod been a good hus
band Williams told of the manner in
which he supplied his wife with the com
forts of lite, and with some diamonds.
Some of the diamonds were in court, Mrs.
Williams wearing two big brilliant.", in her
ears.
A very affectionate letter was read show
ing that Mr. Williams begged his wife to
return to him and not sue for a divorce as
it would bring shame on their chad.
Williams was on the witness-stand
nearly all day. Additional testimony will
be taken to-morrow.
IN TROUBLE AGAIN.
Chita Jackson or the Eugeno Ware
Murder Mystery Charged
"With Forgery.
Emma Cleverley, who was known as the
mysterious 'Chita Jackson, the woman
last seen with Eugene Ware, the clerk
who was murdered in the drugstore at
the corner or Hayes and Market streets
about three years ago, has been figurine
in the Police Courts on two occasions
within the past week.
Richard Brewer, a saloon-keeper, first
caused her arrest on a charge of obtaining
$250 from him by. false representation?.
The case was to have come up before
Judge Joachimsen yesterday morning, but
while the defendant was waiting for At
torney J. J. Coffey, for the prosecution, to
present the case, Brewer swore to another
warrant charging her with forgery. Upon
this warrant she was rearrested and again
sent to jail en bonds of $2000. Being re
leased, she again presented herself before
the coin t and through Walter Gallagher
she demanded an Immediate hearing.
Biewer refused to allow I'rosecuting
Attorney Dare to go ahead with the case
and as Attorney J. J. Coffey still remained
absent a continuance of a week was
granted. The court look occasion to
censure the delinquent attorney and took
underadvi?ement the suggestion of'Prose
j cuting Attorney Dare to declare him in
j contempt.
- The alleged forgery is the signing of the
woman's name as an indorsement on a
$600 eh* ck on the Anglo-California Bank.
She claims that the drawer of the check,
one Tillman, gave ,'ier the paper, and she
turned it over to Brewer for money he had
paid her from time to time.
JUDGE CAMPBELL'S WRATH.
He Score* Clerk T. B. O'Brien for Not
Being In Attendance.
T. B. O'Brien, clerk la Jndge Campbell's
court, was not present when the court
opened, and as he had the keys of the
desk where the records are kept the cases
on the calendar could not be heard.
The Judge gave vent to his anger in a
denunciation of O'Brien and remarked
that "he was probably off on a snree."
The court was adjourned until the after
noon in the hope that the clerk would
turn up.
At 2 o'clock the clerk had not made his
appearance, but a key was procured that
fitted the lock in the de^k and tho busi
ness of the court was proceeded with, a
deputy clerk being procured.
It was said that O'Brien was suffering
from a severe cold, which accounted for
his absence.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORAXD HOTEL.
W F Knox. Sacto W M Hunt, Los Ang
J B Quixlry. sucio Mrs V A Grig*, i al
H .M Midler.. ft «fc fin, Mont Mrs It L Pauerson. N V
Miss Patterson, N V \V JI Mor»n, Berkeley
Mi»s MlodleeolT, Mont Mi-s E Mld'ilccniT, Mont
Mi's MiddlecoiT, Mont EC Drum, Ogueu
X .1 'I hompson, Or II C Smith <Sr w. Or
i Mis* X « h!.s, Portland T L Reed, It red ley
i M Mc\Vhlr;er, i-resuo J O Willis, Boston
C M Zeltler, sacto J W KWiey A: \v, Bolie
■ W B scnaw, fcaeto II SI La Hue .Ir facto
! X X Mot undies. lal N c lSri , Jr. Hnl!ls*«>r
J V McMullen it \v. ("at MrsO A j.ogi-rs. Rakerfld
Xti net-be w, P Grove Mr I'i-elm. Pacific Grove
I P V Boker. Traver II Blake, ran Mnleo
i I- (.r.-en, Mojnve A .>l s.evctiaou, Vacavlle
W 3 JOhnsou &w, Cal J C Carroll Jr. oacio
: X A Muster, Sacto FC Starr, s-acto
; L B Keller, >ac:o J TllHddrn, Fresno
j J I) Uoojstrai, Mirh \v J Tlmlns A w, Fresno
11 W Horse, Stanford J C Moulton, L-tamorl
|U A Scovllle, do F Gaches, do
C X Ki.echt, do i', i .'lihnmtr, do
! C I. Gray, do D Coo ldse, do
jJ F Abbott, do 11 .-mi muter, Co
jC G Decker, - do , F B Bradeii, " aa
!(i Frost. -do • C X Sherman, do
| li V Jackson, uo <' -lone, ' ,i 0
j F Wright. do W C Kubbard los \na
I .1 Bartholomew, Stanford It T Whit* West Hkie
!V B BUejr. do X Van Voo'rhJ " Sacto
| W C McNeil. do W O Barr, Boulder Creek
\\ A Sutherland, do A A Van Voorbie.i Sacto
J>• Eriscoe, do V I'm: !•■„, , l( , Mar-nrllle
(IB Wilson, .do V Vi r <-.-. Marrsrliia
KCWilion, do J M Jon , ColDia
V V Clnrk do V startle,-, V,,cav.l!p
111 1 Bloehfeldt, do C M startler, Vacaville
EBDawson, • do A LTibtetts. I'etalurua
W T Young. do B A M rk:ry. sacto
WC Morrow, do J Be.t 7..|,7 ..|, Sacramento
! £ • I K .f lel l oven ' 2° vv f -Mpa<!.Sniaßaruara
i UWStucke, do J) A porter. Salinas «■
t'Klne, do W Chapin, Sacramento
IsKMm v. . do W D dley &w, StocKton
|BF Gillette, do H A Preston, Jamestown
11 s stu.ien. do M J Muste, Stockton
X (' !Sew«-11. do O Newmiller, Stockton
(i 8 Melone, Stockton BC Holt, Stockton
L H Cox, Cal « ; D Plato, Modesto
j W Kebert, Ilio Vista S Transeau & w, Pa
| L Frunkenheimer, stktn
PALACK HOTEL
! II H Mallay, Ohio X M (ialns. sr J Ouis
i I \V Decker. N V O II Snaw. Dlxon
I X A l'ryor Jr. N V A Neuberuer, N V
! J tt Mcltoried, Chicago Mrs A F M strone, LAn
■ Miss HtroiiK. l-o* Ang .Mrs J M Whi Ins, Cal
t .1 r Whitlinf, Cal 11 Mocker . YoKohxma
I Mrs Bosenbuiim, Stocktn S (ioldsruitl), I'orlaud
I W stowe'.l. 1.--t n.oiit a B Cramer. N V
]II Hughes. Sprlnscfle'd H Kerchoff, Los Anij
Mrs Mradbury, Los Ang L fra'lburv, Los Ang
« \V Brown. I S N' D T Davis. Oregon
J Towrisend, Montana MrsTnwinend, Montana
I L llache, China C Baldwin. Santa Clara
Mrs Buluwln, SntnClnra El* Itiihei. > !in Kafaei
J A Blth»t,San Rafa-l Ati Kaufman, Stan Unl
s M Coiiins. Stan Uni A B West, stanfoni
W Mcln:o*h, Stanford v W Orayson. Oakland
Mrs <iravHon. Oaklan 1 G L Fish, <>akl:tnd
II T Brantly, S:nnfonl J M Gait. Stanford
B X i-nipes Jr, otttiiford \v B 'Veils, S:»niord
W W TlmniHs. Stanford C Heine, Stanford
U W Kush. Stanford Mrs J Cooj>er, L'klah
O k' Coujht, Belmont Mrs Murray. Stanford
O Vorers. Ntunfo.d W Brown, Pusnden.i
W c smart, i'Hsailena BCLott, Illinois
Q Toomln. Stanford II Potnlexu-r. smnford
It P <-«MS. Stanford O H Jeukli:3, Stanford.
H V sml.n, Fresno J B (has-, Santa Crux
811 Co Una. I'alo Alto R M Collins. I'slo Mto
II II Crawford, Chlfnfro J J: liinon Aw , Berkeley
- HISS HOUSE.
J O Smith & w. 8n Jose . It sjiearcr, Valentine
I* I'; •hiin.iii. San Jo«o c T Column-t Cal ; /
H Selilnger, Davlsvit.e CW Pratt. San Bnfael
<> Oliver. San i afael F II Veach facto
D B i.flchell. Nev City C C Kri-tir, .NeaCity '
E A IVma I, Oxford J \Vh< e'.er * \v. Oxford
II I) Unco;n, lla.ieck B 11 Tucker. t«flliia
Mrs A An in. Sutler <; X Uletz, N V
FPefln, Fresno J McLonou;h, HldsburK
I M McDouoush.llldsbrg CT Wileht, cm 3 ", K
jF P Dai*, Carson City ' E MrtJettlgan, Vallf-jo
• II Fowler. Kara. A II Celer. Lower L»iKo
i .1 (; Ncasle, Key City •: J I) Wads orth sta Uosa
B Gal owav, Cal A Valqiiardson. Sonoma
F II V«-ach. snrto , P Yor.. , st Helena
X W Master*, sn itafael Mrs C Kuon. Cal
C P Cone. Fortuna Mr--. J llo.varl - itki
U llaimer?, K«>no J L Miller, Wudsworth
Mrs O Miller, Wadswrtb II 1 h^!nso^l. Hopland
W ( lark. Petrolia a B Jeanj. M«rysv.lle
•1* 11. Peterson, Barb T Sweeney, sacto
F X (iraharn, sau Jose X L Bodniond, Palo Alto
P A Noonao, Sta Rosa <; \V Smith. Nana
.1 D Grant, Jlealdshucg O Leaiher.Blks station
X Sanders, Delta F W Burnett. Stockton
J Fletcher, BO J Cbilburjf, Wash
LICK HOUSE.
C Winter* &w, Sacto Marci>n O'Farrell. Butte
M J O'Farr.ll, Butt- A lex Oorden, Fre.no
J F Ward. Alaweda ■ ■ Win Conl .•>-. Ma.itri ' ■
D Robinson, r-an Jose V/ II Clear}-. Stocmon
X D Mays. Portland Q Ma Puritan 1
De W deary. Stockton X X Tnom|>son, Storks n
C 8 Beach. San Jose W 11 Krause it we. Cal
W J IlHssey, Cal . J Huzner, 1 ot Ange.es
! MrsC Berg, M..ryßVille Miss A Bcr.-. Jlnrysville
l J X MoBrl.l". Vreka CM Co* an Aw. *acta
A Brown, Milton Mrs F B Chai.dler, Cal
W Chandler, Klmira . If a Dlxo.i Aw, .-n Jose
¥Hi J 1-ox, Stanford .' « Cuzner, Bo mont
J V Denhl. Burlingame W X Belcher >an Dieco
Mrs I'lrnrr. San Jose <- J F Ward, Ccl
B :->ieven>on, Menio Prk Mrs c 9 Beach. >. an Jose
J Stewart. Sti CKton • - .]%! Mannon, Cktan < .
Wm X Hill, Petaluma J V Htli,7Pe:alunia
:. Baldwin HOTKL.
J M Mattoon. Belvedere I i orpins. San Jo*e
.1 O H off .van. N V C T Jiogers, Oakland
J H Brown. Oakland .1 S rerter«en. OaKiand
«.W Lmitford, Stockton W j Louis, Stockton
X L lii!;.-r-on <£ w, NY, A C Nabe. Me "- v
M B Marks, Stockton, J X r.ounand. 11l
F Ficlter;, Hear Valley •F W Hcken, Tehachapl
L Fickert, 1 ; h.ichapi .. Hckerl.Tehacbap
Mis*CFlctert,Tfchachapi O B Oliver, Stockton
W Hull, Pescudero' J L A<l»ms, Santa Rosa
J P Bane, c-anla Kosa C A Phjl Ins Aw, Sac
X F Kraft, Chlca O"C La Kook»on. son Jose
8J la France, 1 .inland W Planter, Vaxnvillo
Miss A Al bridge, M V
FOR CLOSING THE
MISSION GRAMMAR
The Board of Education
Criticizes the Health
Board.
Superintendent Babcock Is Very
Greatly Wrought
Up.
A Committee Will M-et With the
Health Board To- Morrow to
Discuss the Matter.
The meeting of the Board of Education
held last evening was largely employed in
criticising the Board of Health for its
action in having closed the Mission Gram
mar School and threatening to close the
Marshall Primary aad the Everett Gram
mar.
Superintendent Babcock gave the cue
for the attack. He said the Mission
Grammur had been closed for the reason
that diphtheria was prevalent in the
school. He saul that this reason was
based on two cases, one of which had not
been in the school since the 221 of Octo
ber and the other had never been iv the
school.
He then went on with a harangue
against the Board of Health, instancing
the closing of the Irving schools because
the sewage from some private tenements
emptied into the school lot, while neglect
ing for ten months to fix tne source. He
said the Board of Health exercised the
privilege of giving orders and physic to
the public, and the puoiic took the medi
cine, but vhen it came to a point where
that board undertook to run the schools
he thought it time to call a halt.
Dr. Clinton expressed surprise and re
gret at hearing the Superintendent criti
cize the best Board of Health this City
ever had. He declared that the Health
Board has done nothing more than its
duty. That board was created to look
after the health of the City and nothing
was more important to that end than to
see that the schools were ir good sanitary
condition. When they found a school
that was not so it was their duty to
promptly close it and keep it closed until
the Board of Education made it tit to be
opened.
"President Scott stated that ho had re
ceived notice from the secretary of the
Board of Education only tlint same morn
ing; that he had answered it tbßt it
would have been impossible for him to
call the board together earlier than the
regular meeting that nigtit. He said he
agreed with the Superintendent, that the
Hoard of Heiith owed the Board of Edu
cation some courtesy in the matter.
Superintendent Babcock s:iid there was
mily one board whose business it was to
run the schools and when it came to any
other board trying to run them he ob
jected. He moved thai the Board of
Health be required to state in detail what
repairs were necessary in the three schuo.s
named as being in an unsanitary condi
tion. This passed.
Dr. Soper reported that he had just come
from a meeting of the Board oi Health,
where he had been given very little satis
faction. It had been suggested, he said,
that a committee from the B>ard of Edu
cation meet with the Bo»ra of Health on
Friday morning.
This suggestion was acted upon, and
Drs. Clinton and fcoier were named as
such committee.
Henderson and McElroy entered the
discussion from opposite points of view.
Henderson, while declaring that the
Board of Health had transgressed beyond
Us authority, still favored immediate
action to get the schools in good form.
McElroy said such speed would put the
bonrd at a disadvantage in the matter of
the price of lumber.
Henderson laid it was ridiculous for a
board that had insisted on paying $52,000
for a lot of land that had been of'ervd for
$50,000 to quibble about the price of a little
lumber where it became a question of the
health of the children.
A resolution directing that the yards
of the Everett and Hawthorne schools be
planked immediately passed without dis
sent.
A resolution requesting the Board of
Health to hold a meeting Friday morning,
for the purpose of receiving and confer
ring with the special committee of the
Board of Education, passed unanimously.
Joseph O'Connor, principal of trie
Horace Mann School, submitted a petition
with other principals and teachers, asking
that the proposed withholding of salaries
be deterred for the present, in view of the
approaching holidays and the "expeneses
incident thereto." The petition was
placed on tile.
A resolution to the effect that Brander
Matthews' "Introduction to the Study of
American Literature" be adopted as a
text-book for use in the seventh grade
classes and that "Select American Clas
sics" be adopted as a readinc book in the
bands of the pupils of the eighth grade
classes, was adopted, bo;h to co into use at
the opening of the school term in 18^-7.
A resolution was offered creating a high
school in the Mission, to b? onducteJ,
pending the erection of the high school
building, in the Hawthorne School ; that a
eiatt in the Horace Maun School lie trans
ferred to it, and that Charles H. Murphy
be chos°n as its superintendent.
Superintendent Babcock, while paying
a tribute to Mr. Murphy and expressing
the hope that nader better conditions be
would be made the principal of the pro
posed high school, opposed the creation of
lhe school or the office at this time, while
funds were so short that ihesalaresof
teachers were beins withheld.
Others spoke in the s.une vein, and the
resolution failed to pass.
Superintendent Babe ck then brought
up the old question of the vacancy caused
by Director Murdock's resignation by ap
pointing Dr. George I. Drucker as his suc
cessor.
President Siott said there was nova
cancv in the board and refused to put the
questioned, lhe board adjourned to meet
Monday evening next.
PETERSON CONVICTED.
He lirutallv K<.;«t Hi* »tep<ou With a
Hope's Kikl.
The eecoiid trial by jury of Charles Pe
terson, tin- sailor, for brutally beating his
stepson, Frank Ausberper, 9 years of age,
wa« held in Judge Joachimsens court yes
terday afternoon.
At the first trial last week the jury disa
greed, ten being lor conyiction and two
for acquittal.
Peterson was charped with beating the
boy wnh v rope's end on the night of Sun-
d »J'. November 7. till his back and
shoulders were covered with stripes and
his left eye was almost knocked out. At
the snmo time leterson blackened his
who s eves.
The jury retired and in about fifteen
rninutftH returned with a verdict of guilty
The Judg« ordered Peterson to appear for
seinence to-morrow mornin*.
MRS. DUBROW'S WILL
An Batata Worth 8100,000 to B« Dii.
trlbuted Among Relatives. . .
Mrs. Ellen Durbrow's will has been filpd
for probate. The estate is valued at $100.'
-000 and bequest, are mad.- as follows: To
Joseph Durbrow Verplanck, grandson of
her deceased husband, Joseph Durbrow,
$1000; f 1000 to her husbands grandson, C.
J. Durbrow; $15,000 to Ophelia Verplanck,
daughter of her husband ; $15,000 to Alfred
K. Durbrow, son of her husband. She be
queathed all th* re-idue to her four chil
dren, Elbridge, Harry, Emma and Caro
line Durbrow, share aud share alike. She
appointed her two eons executors of the
will.
DIPHTHERIA SPREADING.
Throe More Caftan Reported to the Board
of Health Yesterday. .
At the Board of Health yesterday three
more diphtheria cases were reported. They
were at 4241 Eighteenth street, 392 Dolores
street and at 5 Pond street. This makes
a total of thirty-four cases this month with
seventy-two cases during October and
November. Of the total number of 106 for
three months, but three deaths have re
sulted.
It is feared at the Health Board that
many cases are not reported because of
the reluctance of families to have their
houses quarantined. Immediately upon
a c»Be being reported a health officer is
detailed to post a notice in front of the
house, giving warning that there is a case
of diphtheria within.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTBINKSS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.^—
110 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nlgnt In tie year. ' . "
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£S9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock. .
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*. op*»
until 9 o'clock. ,
5618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock. ■'"':'*
CHURCH NOTICES.
■^s=> CALVAmT^R^S^YT^ITIANCH^RcSu
ik*&. corner Powell and Geary sts.— Kev. John
Heinphill, D.D., pastor. Thanksgiving service on
Thursday, at 11 a. m. Sermon by Rev. Dr. Adams
of the First Congregational Church. Music—
"Jubilate Deo." In A flat (Wells): ofter.ory, 'I Will
Extol Thee' (Costa); soprano solo br Mrs. Priest
line. All are cordially In vited.-
•.< MJTiCK O* 1 MH I|S(,>.
■qS 3 ' MISsfoN LODGE NO. 169, F. •
I*-*' and A.M. — Called meeting THIS
DAY Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock v. M.. at 'Jf^f
Masonic Temple, to conduct the funeral /^y^-
services over the remains of our late brother,
M ATHEW PETERSON. By order of the W. M.
- '■ - ■ CD. ________
KS> SAN FRANCISCO SCOTTISH v -%W >-
■>* Thistle Club will hold its regular 3, XiM
mouth.v smoker THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at Fraternity all, 32 *ICi5%
O'Farrell st , at 8 o'clock. All members and
triends of the club are In Vied to be present. '■■zs&uess
J. D. COULIK. Royal Chief. ',
Gfohob W. -Patterson. Recorder.
R3jK» MASONIC HALL ASSOCIATION —
****' Stockholders' meeting. Notice is hereby
given (hut the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of th» Masonic Hull Ax sot-la lon of
the City of San • Francisco, for the elec-
tion of nine trustees and a treasurer, will be
held In the Masonic 'lemple. in tbe city of San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber. 1896. Polls will be open from 12 m. until 3
»' M OEO. JOHNSON. Secretary.
a .—^__ __ _ a^^^^ _^^
SPECIAL SOriUKS.
Stpis 1 * GAS r-IXTUKhS MADE TO OKDKR;
i^-^ cheapest place in tbe city. H. 11U*"-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aw. ■ • ■ '
KS" BAD TENANTS Ljh.CTKO FOR $4:
*» J^. rollectlon* made, city or country. Pacific
lollection Co.. 415 Montgy st- room 6. Tel. . 658 U.
. SITUATIONS %\ AXTED-rKJIALK.
LMR^T-CLASS GERMAN COOK DKSIRKS
i situation: 3 years last place; city or country.
M ISS LLEN. 323 Sutter st. - - : ,
/ i EKM VN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306 MA-
VJ son st , furnishes best help of all nationalities.
l/IRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS AND GENERAL
X 1 house worker, good cleaner, wan « work by the
day; will take washing and Ironing home; thor-
oughly first class. 261 Minna st. ■
in OO~b7 INDUSTRIOUS GERMAN GIKL
VJ wants a place to do chnmberwork or help In
kitchen, ins -house or hotel,. or on a milk
r..iu-h in the country. 677% Mls-iiou st. :;?■-, r
K~EFi.NED. r.XPEKIENCKI) UcItMA.N ■ .TO
teach and take care of children, or as maid
and seimstre^s: can board home. Address Y. G.,
box 80. Call Office. ■.-...,.,
GERMAN GIRL WISHES HI 11. lON AS
VJ lady's maid or upstairs work and sewing; ref-
erence; flrst-dess family otlv. ■Address L. M.
box 102. all Office. . - - . , ,  . ■'. ...
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WHO UNDER-
sands restaurant an I boarding-house busi-
ness would like a situation; (8 a month. 9 Eosion
place.
IRL WANTS GENE HA HOUSE WOK
aud cooking In a small family; Oakland or
Alameda. Call or address 537 Pa-lfic aye., Ala-
meda.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL: OKiStItAL llotSh-
O work or janitor work from 7to 2 daily. Apply
422 Vfc Jessie st. •; Vl *
/GERMAN GIKL WISHES POSITION FOR
\J general housework; wages $12 to $15. G2Bv<,
Fulton st. /
/ COMPETENT GIRL WISHES M UATION Til
Vydo general housework or chamberworE. 737
Howard, room 33. /
ESPEtTABL.-. WOMAN WOULD LIKE To
care for an invalid- during daytime for $10 a
month. MBS. M. S., box 137. thlsothce.
IDDLE-AGED LADY DESIRES M-TllA-
tion as housekeeper. Address M. A., box 4 1,
this office. .....
GERMAN WOMAN WITU BOY WISH KS»
situation to do cooking and housework.' 940 1 ••
Him son. *
T.M RST-CLA SS ironer wants a situa-
X' tlon: city or country. 1000 Washington.
\ OUNG GERMAN. WOiiAN WANTS ANY
X kind of work by the day. 815 Laurel aye., near
Webster st. . . .
ADY WITH A CHILD WANTS POSITION
as houseke. per: city or country. Addresi
Lady, box 161. CalL .
CUIAMBKRWORK. DINING-ROOM OK SEC-
\J ond work by experiencea girl ; city or country.
Address 843 Mission st.
"U 1 XPERIKKCE'b "YOUNG LADY ( NORTH
XJ German), good cook, desires position as house-
Ket-p«r. H. X.. box 130, Call.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION AS COOK OR
II kitchen work in boarding-house, restaurant or
hote ; references. Cook, box 57, Call.
IJOsIITON AS COOK BY AN AMERICAN*
X country hotel, tut ion or boarding-house 7
Manha pace, off Geary, beu Mason and Taylor.
| C SIT lON WANTED BY COM PETE NT-
• - cook arrived from the East; best reference- no
po;-tals. Apply 1222 Folsom su
EASTERN AMERICAN LA D Y OF REFINE-
J ment wishes a position as housekeeper forwM-
ower- understands housebo'd duties and managing
children; city or conn try: references given. Webb
House, room 23, 37 Second st.
I^'Rr.NCH LaDY, FIRST-*. LASS LAit N -
a dress, wants work by the day or home. 3504
sixteenth st.  . ..
Thoroughly competent FRKNCH
X nurse want* to take care of children and -. sew-
Ing. A. 8., 1010 Geary st.
\OlNi, LADY hXFEt.IKNCi-.D IN BOOK-
i x keeping and stenotra) hy. clso first-class caih-
I ler. wishes po.liion. B. M. E.. 613^ Jones st.
|Vi RSI'. CLASH DRESS JIAKER •■ r WISHES
i *■ n ">rs WOrk . at home or will ou ': sulis made
fon $3 up. Call at 926^ ■ihotwell at.
\y IDo\V OF EXPr.iaTNCE DKMRKS PLACK
t \\l ° 'JJiV", y\." °' rP "'' Jen< c: no objection to chi:-
dren. 865y a Market St.. room 18.
A'OU-NG GERMAN LADY~\VI>HI!.N .-ITUA-
X tion as housekeeper. Call or write, 3269 T wen-
ty-fourth at., near Mission.
EXPERIENCED; SCANDINAVIAN GIKL
. wants to do housework: too.l cook. 929 Pine.
T AD V WHHI.I) IaKKBITUATION AtOCOVSIC-
x Keeper; city or country. Apply 117 Enily, r. 1.
Position wanted As lady's com Va-
n* ion or housekeeper; food home principal oo-
J--<-t; nest refeiences. all or address 916 Fourth
aye.. East Oakland. .■ ■ . -..-.-"
C T R >'N(* MIDDLE-AGKD UERMAN WIDO.» ;
O wishes situation; good cook and laundress.
Addreas 808 Sixteenth at.. Oakland.
V REACH LADY OF 'MIDDLE-AUK WOULD
X like a position as chambermaid ; in private
family: city or country. Address X., box 98, Call.
HOUSEWORK WANTED- BY A YOUNG
woman with child 4 years old: also » «cod
seamstress:. wages no object. > 1311' Vi Larkin su,
near Caliioriiia. ••: .-—■■_
(UWU iNi>UST«IOU-> GEKMAN. WOMAN
■*I wants place to do chamberwork and help In
the kuchen; boarding-house or hotel 67<Vs Mis-
sion at. • •:•;; '•'■"■• -
Y uU ' « WOMAN DESJHES PLACE IO AS-
X •Ist with Item work and do <1 ma ting: un-
derstands all cutting, fitting, draping and destgn-
Ing: 1 3 per week. -Call ; Monday at 61^ Larkln s..
pOMPIIE.M WOMAN « 1 -•< llij..-> A I*LA^Ji1 * LA^J i
\J b.i first class cook in a private ■ faml y «»•«'-
-claas boarding honae, : Address D-.V-. 91 Ninth St.
H Market: £00 rooms: Sso to ■ llMpwnljM
II 80 los 6 per week: «»wßlwf»^'W •»•...
~ hli A*lO> _ "wASnTKU-MAtK^^
irr u vi^Tv'n^j^"riil " ""citlN JifE ■ AND .'JAPA-
Hi-vivh "oilNr.sE AND JAPA-
Kcarny. nr. cal.: tel. main 23l. W.C YOUNG. m t r
.-■u,..^.. AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
/HI 1 .•".SIS A.> •"\\'T,. ° >arrelL . 1 el. i.- 426.
\J office; best help- «14fo o >arreil. let. I. 426.
n(l , Xk .|, f JAPANESE: KB r'D. 20 YEARS;
ngJ^.?.^?l nJOTTJW A D LEY ACO., 640 C.__.
1 x i»a I NTKLLIUENCK AGENCY, K. 73,
J KtTin^s bidg., 6 Eddy .v; ML Main 6234.
SITITATIONS ' WANTED-ContJimiirt^
VJAN.AND WIFE, GKUMAN. DESCENT,
J-'X no children, want work ■on orchard or vine-
yard; man has 15 years' experience: Is competent
to take charge; woman will do plain cooking; good
references. -. F. A. 8., box 80, t-onoma, Cal.
ITUATION WANTED BY A LIVE, SINGLE,
sober young man: nndentands care of horses:
garden; good milker; handy with plumber's and
carpenter's tools; good references. | Address L. M..
box 159. Call. _^ • • ' ■
VI AN AND WIFE (EASTERN PEOPLE).
Ju private place: man understands care horses,
rattle and ground*: wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address' A. is., box
39. OH. ' .-■■.- ,
BY. .YOUNG SWEDE, -SITUATION AS
coachman or man about place: first-class
horseman and good 'gardener: best of references.
Address J. 11.. 1380 Twelfth st., Oakland.
VUUNU MAN (AJiEKICAN) WISHJ-.S POSI-
X tlon where there is no Sunday work; good ref-
erences and the best of habit*. Address G. M., box
121, Call Office. ■■-.-..•■■.'
"LMRsr^CLASS BOOKKEEPER AND OFFICE
-T ujaiv will work for $50 per month : references
given. Addi«is LUKE H. PiKF. 667 Minna st.
AN AND WIFE Do-SIRK WORK OF
any kind; will take place on ranch; man very
handy. Call or address M. W., box 164, Call.
YOUNG GERMAN WANTS POSITION AS
X lunch man or any restaurant work. • Addrejs
_, box 123, this office .
B\ YOUNG MAN AS NURSE OR VALET
to Invalid srentlemau: best of references. ■. Call
or address E. H. LE ROY. » Delaware court, bet.
Powell and Muson, off Sutter.
WEDISH MAN AND WIFK WISH TO TAKE
O charge of lodging-house or work of some kind:
wife good chambermaid and seamstress. P. A.
P., box 98. Call.
VOUNB MAN (GEKMAN) WANTS STEADY
X work: used to hotel, restaurant, saloon or
kitchen worK: city or country. Please acdress H.
MILLER, 631 Sacramento St.. room 85.
OY 15 YEARS '. OLD WISHES PLACE
to work for his board acd lodging. Apply at 8
Have i st.
SITUATION AS PORTEK OR BOOTBLACK :
by a young colored man: Industrious and re-
liable. W. H., box 11, fail Office. Oakland.
ARBER WANTS EVENING. SATURDAY
and Sunday job. O. Q., box 111, Call.
ANTED— BY YOUNG MAJN OFGOODHAB-
II Its and abilities, care of a place: good refer-
ences. Address A. J. P., Eldridge, Sonoma
County. Cal. ' »-, : . - ■■ ■ . '
ORCHARDIST. MARRIED, WANTS POSI-
\J tlon as superintendent; 15 years' Callfornian
experience from nursery to packing and drying
vine*, stock and general farming; Al; refeiences.
Addres< Practical, 312V4 Fulton st. ■
C COMPETENT MAN AND WIFE FOR LAUN-
V dry-work; wife first-class on fancy- worK; man
oan take any job in the laundry: wages moderate.
Address M. W.. box 84. this office.
OSITION ON RANCH BY YOUNG MAN;
• ompeteut to lake charge: good ranch black-
I smith and carpenter: understunds orchard and
vineyard work in all Its branches; references. C.
M., bBl Miss on s:. ■ .- ' ■
"yOUNG MARRIED MAN, GOOD DRIVER.
X cootl jif'ge Ceylon and Indian teas, liße to hear
of any employment: town or country; willing do
anything. 'J. JAMES, 3 Haighist. . ;
SI'IUAI'ION WANTED AS COACHMAN;
Swedish: first-class horseman: understands
care of cows, gardening, etc.; best references.
Ad< ress c. E., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
ituation WANTED" BY' "X~ mechanic,
capable of doing most all repairs fora building:
will do most 'anything; reference. M., box 84,
call Office.
x\r A D— A position IN WHOLESALE
11 house by Industrious young man; willing to
■tart from the bottom and worK nn; best of refer-
ences from last employer: will give any one 890
In gold coin for steady place. Address D. C, box
118, Call Office. '
"17*KKNO1IMAN, GOOD GARDENER, WANTS
X situation; understand to drive and take care of
horses. Address It. 11.. 231 Montgomery aye.,
city.
INMATE OF GOOD TEMPLARS 1 HOME FOR
Orphans, boy 14 years of age, recent graduate
from grammar school, having obtained free tui-
tion to JJe.Ud'.H .business College, wish's place to
work morning and evening for his board and j
clothes while attending school. ■ Address Matron, !
jG. T. Home, Vallejj. Cat : > . - .:
LICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tion: c ther city or country. Address P. O.
box 2432, sun Francisco, Cat.
V»/ i.NUlliSaTtll HOU.sK, 44 THIRD. NEAK
II Market— Kleotrlo lights In every room: 20U
rooms: 25c to 1, 50 per nigh': 91 50 to $3 pec
wwlt: tr^» h.)^ r nf« n«K<')»'^> to end from the terry
I'iiaiAL.fc: HE LA' \VAKXKI>. <
GiRrT^OR^KTrcTiEV-wbRK. $20^ boom;
etc.: head waitress i waitress, $'20 and room;
waitress, $16 and room; waitress, *vO; waitress,
S3 50 a week: chambermaid and wait, some, $16,
rooms, etc. : girl for San Lorenzo, 20, - see party
here; girl, Not? 8!., $12; girl, O'Farrell st., $20:
girl. Fair Oaks. $20; girl, Gouzh St., $15; girl for
kltchenwork, $20; girl. Hayes St.. $12: girl,
Gough St., $'J0; girl, Hayes at.: $15; young i
Eirl, Palo Alto: cirl for Sonora. Cal.. $20 to $25;
girl. Sixth st.. s2o; girl. Broadway, $20: girl.Octn-
viast.. $20: 13 slm,sls; » girls, $20; 23 young
CirM, $8, $10 and $12 prr month, assist, etc., nice j
f«ni!!le»: 7 •••>rma:i. 9 Swedish and 3 Danish girls.
MARTIN'S, 749 .Market at. ' .;
TVURSEGIK~L,*2O. ETC.; SEE PARTY' HERE.
1\ MARTIN'?, 749 Market St. . . i
VANT i- D THIS ING— GOO U COOK
'• and housework,. small family. $15 to $20:
light washing: fare paid by lady, at C. R. AN-
SEN" A Cu.'S. 10 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN, GERMAN OK IRISH GEN-
-0 eral housework >.lrl; 2 family; .$l5. C. R.
HAN-EN & CO.. 110 Geary st. "'
\\r A ITRKSS. HOTEL. Nr AH « ITY. $20;
• I cook, private family, Alameda, $20; waitress,
assist chambermaid, . $15: restaurant waitress,
$15; 2 second girls, $16. C. R. HAN SEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st.
1 c HOUSEWORK GIRL"*, CITY ANDCOUN-
Ii) try. $20 and $25: 6>ounx girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS t'ULLEN, 323 butter st.
ATEAT YOUNG GERMAN OR FRENCH SEC-
i_ ond cirl. 3 20. MISS CULLEN. 323 .-utter st.
/I KRMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, PALO ALTO,
VJT $25. M ISS CULLKN, 323 Suiter st. .-'■: .- :
XTEAT, REFINED SECOND GIRL, $16. MISS
1> CCLLEN, 323 Fatter st. '
\y AITRESS FOP. RESTAURANT AND WO-
" man to wash dishes. German Employment
Office, 306 Mason at. • ....
TNF ANT'S NURSE AND • COOK: SAME
X house. German Employment Office, 306 Mason.
YOUNG. GIRL TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
X h. u-i'worK and do plain cooking; must sleep
a: home. 436 Jersey st. '
PANISH LADY 11OUSEKEKPER: GOOD
O home on ranch near city. Address J. WAT-
SON, 339 Hayes st.
OoD OI XL TO i<O GK.NKKAL HOUSE-
work; small family. 1625Vb Turk st. \
V <>I"NG SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR I
i. housework: $10. 332 Jersey st.
GOOD FINI>HER ON PANT*; . MUST BE
good. 417 Geary st. .
IKL, JEWISH COOKING; $20. MARTIN'S,
VX 749 Market si. . . ■ ■
/-I KRMAN WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK AND
GERMAN WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK AND
VX help in cooking. Apply 123 lavlor st.
r\ ERMaN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOU&EWORK.
VJ Address 1157 Stanyan st.
\\T D-GIttLS FOR HANDWORK ON
II corsets. 13fc8 Market. - v .
IGlf? SCHOOL NOW OPEN. FLYNN'S
X\ Drea .-cutting and Making School. 14 McAllister
KARN MtESSCUTTING AND FITTING: ■
skirt pat t errs. 2 MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
"I>OSKJ)ALE HOUSE. S2l ELLIS. NR. TAY- |
XI lor— loo furnished rooms: 25c night; $1 week.
VT TlK DRESSING, i'sc ANi> 35c: ■ AF'I'EK- I
XX noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 50. 124* Misnloi. !
A\rANTKD-MKN -aND WOMEN TO LEAKN
\ > iarber trade: . only * weeks required; tool,
given and catalogue Beos. S. l". l^iri>er ScUuO!,
1516 llowartiv.' '•'
Oar CON YEN IENT AND RESPECT All LX;
Winchester House, 44 Third *:.. near Mark -->t : .
'.OD rooms: I:6c 10 $1 60 per night-, $1 60 to si
y»r «wV: fr»»" 'bus antl oae?»Tf IO MM from t.-n r
MALE HiSLl' » AA'i'AU,
O WAITERS. $20, *'J.), $30: WAITKB 1 H V
it bakery 8 cooks, $3u and $40: 6f»rm«i«. « t> x
525 anl *30: cabinetmalter: 20 il>m«krii Ml ii 1
HaY .t READY, Leading Empioymeuv i(«>ni». ;
634 and 636 Clay St.
i 77 JIANI>ni:ILLERS QUARRY, «1 fV A
! i')(i»r: Btone«plltteis. $1 75 a day. 1.. H. Man
! BKN '& CO.. 110 Geary at. "- ■ ■ . .
B~~E__OY WITH GOOD RKFKHKMI S. f9&,
O. R. Hans en & CO, 110 Geary st.
O COOKS, $40 AND ROOM; CITY. M.VII-
_ TIN'S. 749 Market st. . -
EAI» WAITER. SMALL HOrEl7s3b AND
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar.s»-t at.
OOK, SMALL HESTAURANT,. $2 6 AND
; room. MARTIN'S, 749 Marker, st. •
AN AND WIFE ASCOoK AND HELPER.
$35. room, etc. MARTIN'S. 749 Market St.
3 WAITERS, $20 AND ROOM. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. ' . .-—..■..
OOK. COUNTRY HOTEL. $40 AND ROOM.
MARTIN'S. 749 Market at. .
KF.STAUR\NT BUTC.iER, $60. MARTIN'S,
749 Marke st .
AN TO CONTRACT TO CUT 10.000 CORDS
of: 4-foot oak wood: cabin t-maicer:' shoe-
milker; orchard -hands; .waiter, country hotel
$J5. R. T. WAR r> <fc CO.. 608 and 610* Clay at.
W ANTED— ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
II hand: one who thironghiv- understands
prune-tree and:, vlne/pru- ing; steady position by
the year if suits: wages $20 and found; no cigar-
ettes or drinking. Write pardcu iir-i or. experi-
ence, ate, nationality, Single Man, Orchard, coul-
te rville. Cal.
U,'AXTtD-MAX AND WIFE; THE MAN TO
IT no,'; in and understand raisin vineyard, wife
to cook >- men: must have references. Address
Z., bey it»o. Call. . • :
VlT^ f"ivD-3 OR 3 SOBER SHOEMAKERS
j li o repairing, at once, 749 Mission at. . -*
HELP ; WAX TEl>— Contlnn<»«t . ;^
VOIJNG^IAN^EXPERI EN CED IN ; USING
X stamp! nr press on felt bats or buckram frames.
Apply Atlantic straw Works. 104 Flftn, Friday.
TpiKST-CLASw CABINET-MAKER WANTED.
X FINCK & SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st.
\kf A TED- FIKST-C LASS DISU W A S II E R,
'' »6 per week. 207 Second st. :
T>OOTBLaCK AT 737 Mi MARKET ST.
\V^ ANI ED— STRONG GERMAN BOY: MUST
ti make himself generally useful. 2015 Mission.
WANTED— 500 MEN TO-DAY TO EAT BEST
6c and 10c meals. Old Economy. 410 Kearny.
pENERAL TAILOR AT 200 GOLDEN GATE
VJ avenue.  .' . . ■
IjAK.BJ3.Ho' PjtUli-.UTIVK UNION KMPLOY-
X> ment tecretarr. CONRAD TROKLK 657 Clay.
XK A J U ";- FO±t EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XI P. U Barbers' Assn. FUCHW. 326 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BAR j. KilPLOlMnAl'
O secretary. H. BERNARD, 102 seventh st.
ARBKUS-2-CHAIitbHOP: CHEAP; GOOD
location. DECKKLMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
ARK McNEAK SAILS FOR MELBOURNE
L» about November 29: accommodations for pas-
sengers. Apply CAPTAIN PEDER.SEN, Mission-
st. wharf No. 2.'
I^IRSI-CLA^S SUOKMAKKK ON REPAIR-
J Ing. NOLAN BROS.. 814 Market st.
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON KFiaTrlNu-
-2 steady men on new work: steady. 202 Fifth."
\VT ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGIC»UUK LA.BOX
W ersAclerlcs. KNOX Collection At^.m^f
CHOOLTEACHKRS (COUNTRY) DKSIKING
remunerative employment; odd hours or~»ll
time. R. W. McGARVIK, 636 Mission st.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOKS
made to order: $2 50. 959 Howaid, nr. sixth.
I^OK FULL AND CLEAN 10c AlrtAL OR
1 coffee and cakes 5c go to 13i^s Grant aye.
LCUO HOUSE, Btj3^ MARKET ST.-Roo.MS
20c, 25c to 50c night; ■ $1 to $2 wee*.
"UECKUITS WANTED FOX THE UNITKI»
it states Marine . Corps. United States Navi--.
able-bodied unmarried men, between the aces of 21
and SO years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
and between 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, CaL
OOMS I'APtKEU, *2 50: WHITENED, $1;
stains or blemishes removed; painting by day
or contract; 1200 Webster St.. tel. Stein 23 5.
MJcN'S JIALc-aULl^u, buc: i.Anlf..s. -»oj.;
done while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel: bra nob 767 Market, opp. Will & Flock's.*. K-
\\T ANTED— LABORERS AJNI> MECHANICS
' I to know that Ed Kolicin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
"117 ANTED— IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
II some simple thing to patent? Protect your
idea*: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. . D. C. for their $lbOo prua
ufler and list of 200 inventions wanted. _^
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
■1* 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 150
to 60c. week $1 to 82 60; reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet; open nil night.
INCHE3TKR HOUSE, 44 THIKD ST., NR.
II Marset: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QHOKS! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER:
0 any style, 93 up;. 'misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged; large slock of becoud-haua
cboes; first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission st., near Grand upera-honse. '
fTIHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X House in town, Lindell House, 6tb and Howard.
K-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, *1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and l.eldesdorft sta.
1 (\{\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
XUU and 20c a night, including coffee ani ro.U.
£24 Washington St.. near Kearn»-. : ;
rPKY, ACME HoUsK, 6i*7 AIAHKCf &T.. HIC-
X low Sixth, for a room: 2f>c- a • night: $1 a weeic.
ANTED— SINOLb. ROOMS, 15c A DAY: »1
week; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 51) a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su ■.
Tj»\ SIMON WANTS 100 MnJV TO i.XT BUI-
Xli.Ule beer or wine sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay.
"DOOMS 15c TO 75c PKK NIGH'I : 50c TO $1 60
Xt per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
"VTJSW GRAND. 246 THIRD— SUNNY ROOMS
i.' from $1 to $3 per week: reading-room. .-.: ;j :
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NEAR'i'AY-
XV lor; 200 rooms: 25c night: reading-room.
WANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
• II shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men' 1
eollng, 60c; fine shoes made to order irom S3 np;
we have a tot of shoes, beon damaged by water, as
less than onerfonrth their value, from 25c up Id
9V. oil. f>6'2 Mission St.. bet. First <>:. nnri So>-oml ■<:
AtiENTsi WAJNTJiXJ.
*T^ents--holi"day iidoic^: 4 BOOKS ''"itJEp'
-^i. resented by one prospectus: flr3t agent re-
ports : 2 orders in 4 days. F. PERSrO.V, manager
subscription depar m-nt THE rt'HITAKEK ifc
RAT COMPANY, 725 Market St. -ty
XTO MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH LIBERAL
1 > inducements to agents as Tbe Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 sansome St.. S. F. . --
OME tOiiD 'IKRRITOKY LEFT; SIiKDS,
_ water-filters; other novelties. I BROCS. «t CO.,
777 Market at.. .- _^
SOLICITORS IN CITY AND OAKLAND FOR
0 fast-selling grocery goods; bl'; commission paid
to right parties. Address E.. box 119. Call Office.
. HOUSES WANTED. '~~
EITHKiK~^'PEir~ fXaT^OF
• » modern hcuae or flat of 6 rooms, unfurnished:
Western Addition; $20. Address Immediate, box
32, Call/ . ■, .
\\T ANTED-FURNISUF.D HOUSE IN GOOD
*» location; flrst-clasa tenant: Apply to WILL
E. FISH Kit tO.. 14 Po<t st. •.■--••
KOOMS WANTED.
ASTKD- V"KO(0M& FCRMSHBD^COM^
p:ete for housekeeping; gas range: near bu«-
ne^s center: no children. S. W. , box 98. Cal!. ■
* IKMXHKE WAKTJSIi.. ~~
\\r ANTED^OAITBEDRboM SET. BEDDING
II and carpet. O. F.. box 73, Call Office.
IF^OUWAVf gooi> PRICES for j-'URM-
lere and merchandise see BURD. 211Larkln.
IGHER t'RlCr. 1 HAS ANYWHKRE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market. opp. Jones
AS>H PAID FOR EaTIUE HOUSES UK
V^ smaller lots of furniture, carpets, i-tc J.
BOWCHKR. 222 Mnpfcinn; M ,. n .1 »w>i>t.a'.
■ '■ WAXTED-MISOiSLLAXKOUS.
pAMKKA, 6x7, I'KKMn. 1H GOOD CONDI.
v_t___chea price particulars, E. G., box 9, Call.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-"
11 Inc. painting, etc., by contract or day's work.
at your own price- work must be had. N _
merigan, 1302 Webster st.
Machineky wanted in exchange
for Stockton lots.. White. 616 Mission st.
OLD GOLD AND BOUGHT: JEWEL-'
V ry, watches repaired. M UN D, 1133 Vi Mission.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBKH. SASHES,'
doors. mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission si
OELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW-
O |l|r '' i., A. XI.KIN. 109 Sixth »'..: M»n,l Pn ,..,L
CATION At. ~~ ~
oTcoklT'e amksT^wtuor" of -lightC
• line Shorthand." teacher of shorthand, type.
witting, bookkeeping and langna^t will receive
purU* for private Instruction day ana evening-
-B}>l»uiataucht: Humes, Isaac Pitman. Benn Pit-
man, oraiinm. Munson and Marsh; dictatioa for
B|>etHi. Room 70, Flood building.
Hi A L D'S BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Rookkveping, business prßCtlce, shorthand,
t vpiiiii. telegraphy. languages. English branches,
«<ln-:rii'«l v \c!n<>eilni{; -.0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates, <Uy and evening sessions; catalogue.-
\YHKH\~TUE LEADING COLLEGE. 3-' V
J.V Mant«vmery St.: individual instruction 111
vhortliaml, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta.;
lllt> nriiolni^hlp |tSO. low rate* per week and mo.
L>NUI MKhi t; ING .SCHOOL: MECH.. EL he,
• J civil, mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
)«u«tit:«>s.lH6«. A. VAN PER NAILLhN.7L'3 Mkt
U'.'OK X EEP'lNi* THOROUGHLY IN IiWtKKS
or year's course free; only ni-cnumant teachiug.
TAR It, room 572, Pnrrott Emporium building.
11 ! II L' 3 SHORTH AND AND BUSINKS.-i
O College. 723 : Market st : expenses ; lens " anil
MM_rahlp better than elsewben*: dny and nlrht.
h>.LAJ»CO'.-> IiYCr.UM StiiUOL of ACTIN'.
Private theatricals arranged; pupils reheanvi
on tfire. R. 6 and la. 1. O. ■ i. F. bloVk .7th ami Mi«
ROSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION rF
■I I move.l to Dono.ioe bid Market&Taylor st v
• JOOKKPNG. WRITNGTARiTHMTcTTrRVMTr
X) day A night: noclatset: $5 month. 845 Mission.
. Te IGHTSCHOOL:HEALD\-*BUS.COLLE"gIT2I
XI Post ;commerclal,shorthnnd.Kngllsh :low rates.
PROF. LOUIS MERKI; VIOLIN, Ma'ndoLiv'
guitar, cornet: reasonab c. 225 Geary.nr. Powell'
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, P.ANo AND VOC iL
VJ lessons, $3 mo. Mary Westhau*. K9 Fifth.
SINGING: .PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE-
French-German laT__agM 8: mo. iOPTarlor.r?*
_ '■■•__ . TYrEWRITKKS.
AVE^YOUSEEN THE NEW PE&RL&is
nt t . t yp«'" ll «' J T, Kot * ry Duplicator? They aiand
at the head. R. E. RKVOLK .fc CO., 409 California.
AGKN'JS SMITH. PREMIER: ALSO VT
FX and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. &M. AL-
c^cu^r DKtt * C^' U0 ilontgomery st., write for
/ PROFESSIONAL CARDS." ■
TjJHN K.iuCHAKDS, ITJvoTfIcT^ROOJM
75, Ban Francisco. Cal. -»aia
I OH.N IWAITKKN ANDMAURIUk"; — !l>mt. »'
J a.tys >•. I.W. r,». Sla.»l "a^gg^A^^
T) eoWeaGateavMmswseaotwovriTa^ecliuv:
Lf ooluea Gate ay. ; aise a Bea of wo^» T«^JicuS^■ \ $900 8ALOON:-VicIN1Ty"^>K BALDWIN;
■* »• private rooms; tine piano and parlors: elegant
fixtures; has always done well; sickness cause of
■ sale. M. LfaSS A CO.. 783% Market SL :
' -CNAP— RESTAUKANT DOING HOOD BUSI- i
• c 5 ness: well located; a sacrifice Immediate sale, I
.or fixtures sold. LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
.'.Sit Ail FOR SALE— A NEAT OK I E~eT, I
»„ ti\J\J. office business; paying from $50 to $75
• profit above expenses; can be increased; splen-
rt«l chancf for lady or cent lonian ; ownerseLin?
put other business demanding his attention. ' Ad- I
il^ess J. F. c, box 83, this office.
"• p.OOD INVESTMENT— FOR SALE— FINE •
' 'J paying business: heart of Oakland: Investors I
■ with small capital look into this; party leaving
' •town. » . r., box 9, Call Office, Oakland. * '
. p^-STAURANT FOX SALE;. WELL L<J-
' cated, near new Cam. building: doing goo 1
business: other business reason for selling. Ad-
dress A. P., box 148. this office. ...
\*'*lLL SALARY AND bO PE«t CEX 1 PROFIT
.- '» satisfy you? Business ' established 8 years;
more help necessary; partner preferred. Address
: W. s.. box 140, call.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED HAIRDRESSINO
J-i and manicuriag parlor; paying; old establish-
ed; owner retiring; Investigation. W.. box 65, Cal.
ENTAL PR AC I' ICE, CITY, FOR SALE FOR
XJ less than involc?; established 15 years; 111
health cause of selling.- Dentist, box 135. call.
■ (> ") f\l\ SALOON; FINE LOCATION ; 2 LIV-
<?—"«• lug-rooms; cheap rent. Inquire 235
'i.bird st.
li*)' l\ FINE RESTAURANI DOING GOOD
.C — O\J . business: cause sickness, inquire 104
Kdd-y, st, ' . -. ■ • -■ ■
"fit 1 -I \ P.RTNrK t'tlK BuTl'i-lMi I.KEK
• 1 OXJ. business or exchange. .712 Fourteenth
street, near Market. ■•
. pROCERY AND BAK FOX SaLK CHEAP.
_\J Apply to-day Seventh and fro som.
' C andyTnotions, BAKERY; a living-
..\J rooms: very reasonable. 1307 Bin hanan st.
'/■'IGAR-SrOKE; 2. I.1VIN(;-ROOM : KENT
"V $14; -Invoice: sicitness. 1127 Mission St.
.:T»AKGAIN-COKNER >ALOON; SPLENDID
.■• > location; fixtures; pool-table; stock. Inquire
45 Third su 7 -■'-
4 SNAP — RESTAURANT DOING GOOD
business; Investlsaie; bargain. 45 Third st.
(2? Of,f\ SALO 'N AND FIXTU RES, LUD- |
■jJr.oUU. ing itrniture of 8 rooms: r.-nt low:
■frooJ businf : near Coima. PATTERSON &
CO.. 2 Valencia st.
CL 4- 1 -/i RESTAURANT; NEAR MARKET
C -««"'• si-: worth $300: receipts $10 per day;
.a bargain. Business Exchange. a76h» Market st.
ESTABLISHED CORN SALOON. 4
• living-rooms; will sell whole or take partner.
■Call at 31 Ninth st, liquor-store. ' • -•" ■ -»
'T^ORSALE— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS. ALL OC-
x cnpled: owner will take half payment in
ftoard. Aticrm P. N.. box 24. this office. : ; '.:■
LOR SALE — HORSECA R SHOe;sHOP ON
X- Fruitvale aye.. near School st.  . ■- •
EFORK BUYING OR SELLING YOUR BUSI- i
XJ ness see UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market su I
i^OTOQKAPH GALLERY. ESTABLISHED 0
yeais: good family location; 10,000 negatives:
• good living-rooms; $250. ' Address F. G. M., box
67, Call Office. • •
C« 1 A 1)^11 BUYS A WELL-ESTABLISHED
J XJ.XJX_ty I mercantile business paying $600 a
month net profit: only principals noticed. 0.P.,
box 87, Call Office. . .
FOR .-ALE—SAL. .ON: CITY FRONT; 'JLD-
eatabllsi ed corner; must sell; owner sick. Ap-
piy T34 Folsom st.
- LINK PAYING SALOON; OWNER HAS
.X other business. Inquire LtSMLE _ Co., 265
Third. . - ■ • ' . . :
ALOON FOR SALE. Ni.RTH OF MARKET,
C at a bargain. Inquire 616^ Geary st.
PARTNER wanted IN.A GOOD PAYING
J- business. 722 Howard sL
Q'Ji^fi SALOON: DAIRY BCSIXKSS AT-
ij?*JU\J. tached; laundry office. 335% Fourth.
LA D W A XTS PA KTNERIX «(;Ol>-PaYING
lodging-house; no trirlers. 131 Taylor st.
SALOON WITH CIGAR-STAND FuR SALE- i
0 account of sickness. 817 Kearny su '
'rpo A PERSON OF MEANS. OK ONE WHO i
x as a son they. desire to e^tublish in business,
ad opportunity cim be had with the undersigned in
at-leusnnt, safe v i d paying business; the best of
r- ferences turuUhed and me same required. M.
M.. box 118, Call Office.
©TfWl A BONANZA.; THAT ELEGANTLY
i \JyJ. fitted up and stocked taloon corner of
Leldesdorff and Hai.eck; no agents.
KINKING SALOON CHEAP; DWELLING-
XJ rooms. 650 Sacramento st., near Kearny. j
1 AKERY, CANDY. NOTIONS, CIGARS.
»> launJry; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; bar-
pain. : 1151 Mission st
RESTAURANT— HALF INTEREST CHEAP:
established 15 years: remaining partner 7
years. 1241 Market st.
I« CHANCE TO INVESTOKS-OFMODEH-
• ate means: guaranteed. Add. C. E. C 0.,221 Davis
GROCERY AND BAR; , REASONABLE;
sickness account of sal*. 122 i augton st.
DAIRY. PHODUCE: OLD ESTABLISHED
stand : 12 years: a bargain. Call 140 Seventh; ■
T)ARK OPPORTUNITY 75 PURCHASE;
X.\i old-established furniture, carpet and under-
faking business;? clears over $3000 a year: stock
$10,000. GEO. L. BIKKMAIER, Wells-Fargo i
_XDress building. - • ■ ■ ■ ■
I,'OR SALE— OLD-EsTABLISHKD POULTRY
"and produce and in one of the best markets
In the- State; owner going away.: Apply 916
Washington si.. Oakland.
Of A I \(\t I BUS I N X 88, PORTLAND, OK.:
•«JT **"'-" '• raving $175 per month: good chance
to increase. Inquire C E. NAYLOR, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building. • •
1 EADING RESTAURANT In LEADING
Xj Beagdo resort of Pacific Coast; owner retiring •
' from business. A duress s., box 138, Call. office.
•:.ViAKKRY. CANDY..; CIGAR AND "NOTION'
J*> store; sunny living-room 3; good locr.lion.
..T2Ol Bush st.
ROCEKY AND BAR: NO 'POSITION:
VJ w^ll sell cheap; good reason. Apply Call.
• Q9VIO ma n aging" IN LIGHT
•.. —Xtxj. manufacturing business: $1000 clear
first year In wgnt. 215 >ansome. room -12. • ■ .
•TNVENTOR-s DE-.li-.IXG TO SECURE OB
'. A Sell patents or inventions, call at Hall of in-
. versions. 215 t'ansomo i»t« room 12.
• Al' ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A
•'*•• .grocery arid liquor home established since
'1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTK IN INTERIOR CITY.
'.•U-l close to bait Francisiu. For particulars appi7
'ibis office.
OUTK FuK SALK ACROSS THE HA. *. I~
' XI, .ouire at Call Office.
" m LODGISG-HOrsEs FOX SALK.
~U 12 rooms: fine sunny corner. 400
• 60 rooms, clearing $-00:" lii payments 2500
. 16-room house; rooms all rented. ...'... . 600
• 8 rooms: near City Hall: i.ew.. • 250
14" rooms on Folsom St., near Third 5........ 350
•fc'o-room boast-, clearing $600.....;.:... ....- 4000
■■ 66-room cofoer house, new furniture 3000
20 rooms, 0:1 4th st., clearing $80. 0n1y..... 400
3.> rooms on Market s  offer wanted 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture... 250
. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market si., opp. Fifth.
Q7^. LODGING-HOUSES. ALL PRICES;
.• * >>. money loaned, low interest. WHELPS
CO.. 917 Laekinst. ' -•
'. "partner wanted in good paying
'-J. lodging-bouse with $300 cash; further parti ru-
' htrs B. a., box 88. Call. "f - ■■■■
A V EWLY fUKNL-iLED HOUSE 9 ItOOMs;
j-> . full of permanent roonvr.-. $10.). • .4" Minna.
••:.- ; ' 1-UItNITUKE iui; SALE.
•fi -t 'A "*ii«LlV— 10 KOOM3 OF ELEG AN'rTuiU
UOO niture for sale cheap.
'AUCTION HOUSE, 827 MISSION ST.— ASH
•__ chamber suits. $18 60: folding-beds. $10. '■■ ■
HAS. M. VLUSI <fc CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
AA A CAKPKTS: CHAMBER " SKIS, $14:
uy stoves. $5: parlor cets. *20: folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT *L. J. - NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
x_- lowest price* on household goods: new or good
' us new : cas 1 or on time: open evenings. ...
.IT ING FURNITURE 1127 -29-31 MARKET,
XV furnish 4 rooms, $.8 tosso; best bargains in
pity. •: ■ . - , - ■ f
•BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWp;ST
- Xj prices: furniture, carpels; all grades. 806 Mis-
sion t,t.
"L^UIt.MTURE, STOVES, CAKPkT-S. .COtTX-
X ters. showcases. ANDKKSO.V.II2I Market it.
; tAKi'JST CLKA>I.NG. •
CITY^STtA M CAB PKT CUtAN IKQ WOttJH;
cleans, moves.' lavs carpets. ; v G. H. STEVENS,
>i r. 38 and 40i.lghtb *t.; telephone South 250.
"r^ARFKTS CLEANED AND .RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: . TeL
South 36". D. MACKINTOSH. <fc Co., successors.
WJ HEN YOU BECOME DI-GUSTEI) WITH
»» poor Work send toSPAULIJING'S Pioneer Ci»r-
pet;beatlng Works, 353-67 Tehama »i.; tel. So. 40.
. DVAN'CK CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 402
A Sutler, tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, I'rop. .;
JE. MIICHKLL, UAKi'hT-t LEANING CO..
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. . Tel. Mis. 74.
ARPET-CLE ANING. 3c; LAVIMi, 3c: RVQ
' \J aampies free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth su
/"tONKLIN'S CARPKT- BEATING WOKKr.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. ■:-, Telephone East 126.
' •JC A AKD AT GREAT WKhTERN CARPET-
O cleaning Works, li Eighth at." ■
ONES A CO.. MAIN OFKICE~26 AND 27
*-lghth st..- Telephone ■)' as* 1061. ■"
. ' ' ". STOKAUJJ;, '. " . '."
"pukirrTUJiit '^?iAiiO«t ""^tScwSST^ ad!
• J vancea. shipping. CHAri. L. ,TA YL0K.204 Po«t.
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN TUEHTY; FlRE-
proor. building: advances made. 2il Liirkin.
v PHOTOGUAPHKBS SUFPLIJfiS. V,
Bo v gh r'^'iTyvK^A^U^r^sK^fSL^ltAr.
•it at 124 Geary st. ; California C«m era Co. ,
HOTJSRH TO r,ET. ,
UOLDKN GATK AYE.. . NEAR~VAN
t'_») Ness— Modern built house of 9 rooms:
suitable fora tiocior; rent reasonable.
(_O/\ WHOLE HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
<35_.U. 2814 Laguna s:.. near Union. .. - ■ - .
OQ OAK. NEAR MARKET— 1 2 ROOMS, 3
*-') floors, each separate tor housekeeping; newly
r&pere-l: painted: sanitary plumbing; fine loca-
tion for renting rooms; cheap rent; go and Ret* It. I
oUBI-.S TO KENT J-'OK VERY LITTLE
money at Baldwin h^jimond's. ly
*t. . - ■ • - *
I-UKNISIIEO HOUSES. ,
HOUSE OF B.ROOM'*: COM PLETELY FUR-
nlshed: $100: rent $25 - 937 Mission st. ■« ■- ■ >■
COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 - t'DTTAoTs^ 3^Xn15~4
tU* I .OXJ rooms; good order: water free. Apply
premises. 945 Bryant St., or UiIBSEN <t CO., 14
Montgomery st. .
/ \OTTAG*-.; 4 ROOMS AND STABLE; 670
\J Walnut avi\: .rent reasonable. MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market st. "- -. " -
MODERN BAY. WINDOW COTTAGE; 5
rooms and bath. 737 Treat aye. :
LAMEDA. 1528 M ACPII ER SON ST., .NEAR
Mastick station, cottage 5 rooms, bath and
gas; concrete walks. lawn, standard roars, orchard;
fine neighborhood; rent $18; water free; grounds
cared for. • .'-•-•-::
MAKE YOUR Rt-.NT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
tagp in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel; $100 cash, balance monthly. E. M. LONG,
3207 Twentv-spcond gt. : office open evenings.
I i-I.ATS TO LET. ..„
ttppeTi ' > JPLAT~— ~T^TNTY^i : mRrr~ANI)
V-l Guerrero: sunny side: i 7 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs, etc. • ■
m. ] ' FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BAIH. 129
<]plc>. Ash aye., off Van Ness, near McAllister.
rpo LET-MODERN SUNNY FLAT: 6 ROOMS:
X warm belt. 841 Capp st., near Twentyfonrth.
TTiLAT— 3SS4 TWENTY-THI NR. GUEK-
X rero; 4 room*, bath, stationary tubs.
PPER SUNNY MODERN r'L*T; 7 ROOMS
and bath. 1158 Golden Gate aye.
E~ LEGANT SUNNY ; TOP FLAT: 4 ROOMS,
bath: all latest improvements. Key 713 Grove.
OUTHWEs-T COR. FULSOM AND THIR-
-0 tepnt^ sts.— Two in per flats. 6 rooms and bath:
1 cottage, 6 rooms and bath, and stab 1 .) for 1 horse
and wagon; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON <£
BURKE. 6.'6 Market St. ; .
LIX fLAT, ~5 ROOMS AND BATH. 16
-F Guy St., off First, near FoUom. •'-••— • •
li^LaTß;4 AND6KUOMS; RENT $10, $12 AND
x $is. 4595 Kighu su. near Hattie.
91 C GEARY - ~A UNFURNISED - ROOMS
—1 U suitable for business. Key at 217 Geary st.
"VTEW FLATS OF 4TO 7 ROOMS; R NTS RE-
-i-> duced to good tenants. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
CO I AND $13— BEST IN CITY: 5 ROOMS;
jjpll bath and gas. 606 k Shotwell st. ■
HEAP MODERN 'FLATS, 6 AND 6 KOOMS,
KJ $8 to $16; see them. 623 a Seventh st.
WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
bath and gas; fine yatd: $12 and $14; water
1 free. 39^8-39.^0 Nineteenth si., near Aoe; cheap-
-1 est flats in the city. ■ .
OUERN, CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $25;
also 4 rooms. $14. Key 1706 Hyde st.
V LA t » TO rtii.M' FuK VKRY LITTLE
'money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'^ 10
•*iontrf>»"prr or.
Jo.ocs>_KEEl*lNO KOOJU.S. ~~
;&u*li htrceii
QOfV BUSH— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
<7_,ls gas. bath; reasonable. -
x uay t>< tee.A
THE LEXINGTON, 212 EDDY — NEWLY
furnlshea housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites < . - . .. . •
! /.•I A EDDY— LARGE SU.NNY' FRO.>T BASE-
Uxdr merit: newiy furnished: $10. ■■
| Ml 7 EDDY-LARGE NICELY -.FURNISHED
CXI sunny connecting housekeeping rooms:
good gas stove.
Eleventh Street. •
mA ELEVENTH— 2 NEWLY FURNISHED
X *S± connecting front parlors; housekeeping;
$3 50 week. • . , . -. ', . •.■,;*
Ellis Street.
000 ELLIS (PALMETTO) —FURNISHED
0.6— : housekeeping rooms: also suites and single.
i 1n !i .Street. ■, -;,;','
OAQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE: NEWLY FUR-
• J\/«/ nlshed parlor, bedroom, kitchen, S2O; also
others. *14 . ■
00, -"fifth— furnished house-
O-.O keeping; -'. $10; 3, $13; single, $5. ■
.Fifteenth Street. '
o-f 00 FIFTEENTH. NORTH of MARKET—
£iXO\J 3 unfurnished convenient housekeeping
rooms: pantry; adults." _.■";; .... <
V.«.*n-r •"- 1 iv 3 . *
91 1 GEARY— 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
— iK I a keeping rooms. Key 217. ..
>.mu«,i i.vie Aveuue.
aO(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PARLOR SUITF.;
"'— XJ bud all day; complete lor. housekeeping;
Juniper Street.
8 JUNIPER. OFF KOLs-OM, BET. TENTH AND
E.ev-nlh— 3 unfurnished rooms: double par-
lors and kitchen: basement; large yard; batn< -
heuruy street.
KEARNY. NR. SUTTER-6 ROOMS OR LESS;
*XV gas and water free. Apply 15 Grant aye. •
Lurk in Street.
enrv LABKIN, COR. TURK— SUNNY FUR-
uV/U nished housekeeping rooms.
- '• Haion street.
Ona MASON— 3 ELEGANT SUNNY FRONT
O—.U housekeeping rooms: bath; references.
>. 1-A 1 1 ;►; < ■ Street. - ,
e)C)f\ l MCALLISTER - UNFURNISHED
£t£!\3% rooms for offices; furnished housekeeping
rooms: also single. ..-. .. . . — .
-■'. ii.n.i -ireo..
£.A(* MINNA - FURNISHED ROOMB iX>K
JIU housekeeping; sunny: large yard.
<.'»lon -w.«s»..
in'] MISSION, COB, NINTH— COR-
X.ZIOX ncr housekeeping rooms; furnished.
. >»to:;>a Street. , , .
(»n NATOMA— 2 LARGE 'SUNNY. ROOMS;
\J'J furnished for housekeeping; range; yard; $8.
MxthStrMt. <
001 PIXTH— MCE SUNNY FRONT AND
j£iJ2 housekeeping rooms.
setentti >;rr«;.
/-1 IRARD HOUSE, 14"2 SEVENTH— SUITES
vJ and kitchens: also single rooms. ' .
■^7 TWO FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
rjp 1 • rooms In cottage. 623 Seventh st. . ...... . .
j">7~ -cviii Park,
1/> SOUTH PARK— OR -8 SUNNY- FUR-
I D nished housekeeping rooms, «7 to $14: .also
single. : • : -;';:■ ' ■ ..- . , >
. Stockton ilreel.
-I 7AQ STOCKTON— 2 ROOMS: FURNISHED
x I \JO complete for housekeeping: water and
sink in kitchen. , ■ ■. \ . .- ■ . . : ' ',.:'::„ '
.lebama Street. ti
C C TEHAMA, NR. SECOND — 2 SUNNY
00 rooms for housekeeping; nicely furnished.?'.
Tenth Street.
1 *?_. TENTH— FRONT ROOM WITH KITCH-
X-Jltt en: gas stove: also single room; cheap. ;
*»" >es« Aveuus,
/JO VAN NESS AYE.- NEWLY FURNISHED
housekeeping ro mi; wisp single. -■'..
Q-J C VAN NEM4 A VE.-HANDSOMKLY FUR-
j VLO nished parlor suite. 2or 3 rooms and kl to 11-
-en; snn all day: new carpets and furniture; bath,
eta: complete for housekeeping: reasonable; also
other rooms furnished. $10 up, ... ' V-
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 , CENTS — iHM
j - V WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
HOOJIS TOLtT.
y ■—"--•*. sirm..) - .'■
THK RAMOXV, 180 ELLIS. ; >fR^. KATF,<
X MART, manager— A qniet hons«: r«ntr%llr '■»-
; roted: newly furoisbed: elevator: hot cola wa>r.
•»-*-»tiith Mi-un.. ' '■
1 Al EIGHTH— FOR RENT. 2 FURNISHED
X XJ2 roomw for light housekeeping. • ' . :;
QHERMAN APARTMENT • HOUSE. 28 ■ BTH
O su, near Market: furnished - and unfurnished.
•- illtb .swee*. '
m>Q SUNNy BEDROOM, .KITCHF.N, BATH.
tJ>O. water; no children: 1 rivate. 314 Fifth st.
. I oiiom Stree;.
Q9A FOLSOM, NEAR P.TH-FURNISH-
O£AJ ed 41 ogle rooms. $1 per week. .
' ; "» " , ■• '• .' Fulton • Street. v^ , . -
3 FULTON . (FULTON ; ; HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites: singles: transients, v -
- ' ' •' •Geary-Street.
jf AC GEARY (THE NAVARRE)-FURNISH-
riWJO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed. .
ARTINETTI. 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
Ness— Suites and singles;- newly furnished.-
-■ " . Jessie' trees. *
QAQ JESSIE. CORNER FOURTH— 2 ; FUR.
Ov/O nlshc'd rooms for man and wife or 2 gentle-
men; $10 and $12 mouth; no chi'dreo. ;-.
THE SAiN jtkaNCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1896.
ROOMS TO _Er-Continued.. ; ::
•Iwues mrt:'} .
VO7 JONES-THEIIVAN WINKLE; NEW
--v» 1 management: elegant guuny «uites and
single; newly furnlshea; bah, etc ; *10 to»att
»'»rnT HUatn
.
'A OTOK noUSB. 127 KEARXT -
PUrasant sunny rooms.en suite ana single; iirst
1 ■«» in <-v»-ry respect: term* rensonaoli-
Lnrkiu >.ree..
09 Y I-ARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
ki~ • nrnlshod or imfurnish-d rooms.
BQ4"mSgBjar MT yu>n<iiii
ttmoiiH-orth street.
Qrtß LEAVENWORTH — UNFURNtSH U D i
t-»v/»i sunny room for housekeeping; furnished
parlor suite.
71 1 HEAVEN WOIiTH. NEAR POS l—i WO I
AJit BU| i"y rooms, gentlemen: pleasant outlook. '
Call on owner, 22 Geary St., room 36.
■ - - ■I'Ukr . • ,rtiu.. .
V S S M I TR HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PKR
1 night. «5c tr> *1 : n-«-k. *1 ;o »5: tamlii^s. , I
1 "-{ID market— UNFURNISHKD SUNNY j
■to I V/ front rooms: ■ 1 suite carpeted; first floor. '
. HaMo Street. '.
99 i MASON — 2 SUNNY WINDOW
— i£.v rooms, suitable for 2 gents; $16; gas.
JUnna *.treo..
fZfXH MINNA, COR. NEWLY FUR-
XJX> I nUhed bay-window rooms; $1 per wee K.
o'jcarretl street.
49F: O'FARRELL — 2 FBOHT PARLORS;
~3*-><J with side room connecting; light house-
keeping permitted. ..-
-•' Pino Street.
£»9] PINE— ROOMS, $5 UP; RUNNING WA-
\J*jL ter: gas; snnny; quiet; eemlemen only.
Powell street.
•SOft POWELL. NEAR SUTTER— SUNNY
uyhj hall bedroom; newly furnished. ■>.-.■
. o_tb > ret-l.
"PIEDMONT," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA-
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
- '«.- «• ii»ihi Street.
79_1 STEVENSON. OFF NINTH— FUR-
* '-'u^ nisbt-d rooms, $5.
* *...«!■ -tree..
7fJO BUTTER (SAN REMI) - ELEGANT
I \JtJ newly inmlshPd rooms, suite or single. ;
(|1 V bOTTKK- KUKMSIJKD OK 'UNFUR-
*JX.*J nisbed sunny room; hot, cold water: clcseu
IAI7 SUTTER-11AND9OMKLY FURMSU-
x\JX I ed parlor floor, 3 rooms, for doctor or den-
tist; also furnished rooms," with or without board;
private fatally; '
1] SUTTER-NICELY FURNISHED
xx rooms; suites and single; reasonable.
lujlor Street.
1 Ol TAYLOR-NICE LV FURNISHED SUN
X O I ■ ny rooms: low rent.
a urn. Mreet.
CJ O TURK- ROOM; GRATE, GAS,
OTO bath: light housekeeping; $10.
Miscellaneous.
BAY-WINDOW ROOM : WITH OR WITHOUT
.board: convenient to Hayes and Filimorests.
cars: private family. Address D M., box 126,
Call Omce. -
■ _ lJOAlllilSli- ANX> KOOMS. ,
U^rT3cß"r76*TrN^rß PLEAS A^tTON^FU I
nlshed room: first-clas-. board; private family;
use parlors; pit.no; bath; gat; $50 a couple. . -
f!9Q POST — 2 LA RUE ROOMS; CHEAP;
\J-dO central; with board or without: private.
2 NICELY FURNISH fcil> FRONT ROOMS AND
.board in private family. 619 Geary st. " ' " ' ""
1 VI S PuST < NX. VAN NESS AYE.: SUNNY
-I— xt) bay-window room and parlor suite; first-
class table: the best. appointments; private family.
CIO PINK— RO )W. EXCELLENT BOARD
It" $i'Q 3 or month; suuny suite: reasonable.
•> 1 9 EDDY (HEATH)— ELEGANT ■ SUNNY
"I*- bay-window suites; single; board; refer-
ence.-. - : ~, ■• .
HOZ. PINK (KENOVA): ELEGANT APART-
• *« nc.ents, furnished or unfurnished, with su-
perlorbuard; travelers solicited; references. ■
m)U\'A.N NKSs— NEWLY FURNISHED HUN. i
OUOny rooms; good board; reasonable
OTr.LBKKTLI.Mi, 714 KUSU ST.— AFAM- !
Uy hotel; references giveu andreqaired: all !
m'Vfrn «-nrive nl^nrot. - - ■ . ......
t'HILmiE.V BOAHI>KD.
iToNE WIDOW WISHES A CHILD TO
J' board: ;i mother* care." 172 slivrr «-.. city.
stoic—3 'IoLKi. ' -;'. r 'r"'
S^^TTmrTTTwT^NTY^TIEFIR^^
cement basement: built and suitable tor drug-
gist. - '' - " -. -- ■ ■>-, -
TOKE, 8562 TWKNTV-THIRD teT.; FIX-
-0 tores: 2 living-rooms, cellar, etc."- *- '- '*•'• ,
BARBKRS OR BUTCHERS, ATTENTION ! ;
*' Large store on Hun', st.; HO ft east. Third:
cheap renu NICOL. 5341/2 California st. : \
"cTTri STORE AT 321 N.jE ST., NEAR MAR-
<IPXV/. kot. .-.■■■■' ■ ■ •
T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
ha em" 324 I'oh- st. - . ■ t
.OFFICES ,TO IET. ~~"
~L'URNISIiED OR UNFURNISHED; BKST
I location: «50 ilarkrt st., NE cor. Stockton;
sun all day; suite of 4 rooms, opening, into each
other; well adapted for professional man; rent
reasonable. . ..-
OFFICES FOR -DOCTORS OR DENTIST*:
very elegant y furnished offlces:one entire floor;
offices en s.iiie. 901 suiter wt.. co-. Leavenwortli..
iItSICAL/ INb'XKU-I—NTS. ~~~ ~
Gain we call attention to thr
fact that we urn selling good-toned second-
hand plnaos for *3. $4 and *5 per month ; beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, $7. 8, $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianoj
from us have the privilege of exchanging svine for
a Steinway any lime within 3 years from data
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.,
representatives of Ktelnway A. 8on»' pianos, cor.
Kearuy and suiter sts.. Sun Francisco; also Oat-
land, Cal. ; Portland, Or. : Seattle. Wash.
ABSOLUTELY THEOLDr.ST AND LARGEST
house west of Chlcaxo is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price 1: terms eisy; . prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. • ■ - ■ . -. . .- .
* CTUaLLY THIS 81-8T BARGAINS IN VI-
-TV anon; see our list lor this week; plauog on 9i
$4, $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, 910, $15. 920 ■ monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered '
free anywhere in tl.* city and '. kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCEK CO
salesrooms 9SS Market st.. opp. Mason.
"VTOTICK TO DRUM CORPS— TUIN SNARE
XI heads for sale at very low prices: factory SW.
cor. Twenty-fourth and Rhode island sts. P.
STOLE KG. • -. v . '
H~Ai N 8 BR OsTi BUSH A OERTB AND
Kiimlic pianos atcloiingotit prices. WILLIAM
C. HAMILTON, successor to A. L. BANCROFT '
A CO., 324 Postal.
PIANOS SOLD, - RENTED, TUNED. RK-
paired, polished, shipped and stored for lower
rates than *ny other firm In the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st.
EAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
}nst received and for sale cheap. Z. MAC-
VAIS Music Company, 769 Market st. ; " '
OOD UPRIGHT, CHEAP: ORbATBAK-
gaIn. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiber-
nla Bank. . ; . ,'•:■:■--.
I'IXK UPRIGHT PIANO, $120; COST $400*
X l . Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. - '
QTEINWAY SACRIFICED: A" GRAND IN-
-0 strument. Room 12, Flood building.
WANTED. FOR CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
uprights. BRUENN, 228 Post st. UAisu
AGNIFICENTSTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schnbert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
WG. BADGE&. SOLE A ENT FOR MALLET
.«fc Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacto.
YRON MAI ZY. 308 FuST ST.— >OHMER,"
Nuwby A Evans. Br.ggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repi-lrer.-2 141. ham place.
Tii LEGANT EMKRSON, FIRVIM.LASS CON-
Hi ditlon. at sacrifice. E. W.L CX.I 16 McAll lster.
T7UNE UPRIGHT PIANO, •noTsQUARI!., $30,
J . BTATHAM A CO.. 106 McAllister st. '
DOLLAR A WKBK ON RENT" CONTRACT
hnv« new Han". • ) Hi Ellis ■.■!.
_■- ' Lost. ' — —
OST^EXGLISH VVQ; -MALE; 8. MONTHS
J old: In neighborhood • Post and Leavenworth.
Retnrn to 621 Leavenworth and receive rewaro: •
SPECTACLES —ON 1 'FARRELL. HYDK
Turk or Market. Suitable reward at 724 O'F&rl
relisu---"/.- : ■••■■ ■ •'--■ --: ' ...- ..,. .--■• *..., .-_ ■
,] OST-OLD MALE JAPANESE PL'G DOG ■
J.J liberal rewar-i. 121t8^'Bosh st. '
Lad* "5 gold .watch.^November 28
XJ Keturn to 1221 O'Farrell St.: reward.
GOLD LOCKET r 2 PICTURES INSIbE7~R&
■ turn to 1534 Pacific; grocery; reward.
OsT— PASSBOOK WITH- THE , HfBERNiA
XJ Savings ana ' L as Society 'of Han Francisco
in the ■ name of Si Colin, No. 108672. Th* finder
will please urn to bank. - - . . . ,
OSI— ON -THE:. WAY HuMEFROM THE
J Columbia ; Theater, : one Ea tern .: Star pin.
Please return to this olllce and receive reward. •
SJKWIAti; M A CHINKS.
:U> 9fC WHITE ' »EWINO :, MACHINE, NEW
fjp^O. style: 6 drawer*; oak. ,1916 Mission st
» A ll kinds BOUGHT, 'sold, KXUiAiM.EU
\t\. rented repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth su
rFRSO\H.«i,
PAKtTxGTON'S JiCUOOL : ; OF ~~ MAGAZINE
X. and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
c asses: Instructors.' J. H. E. Partingtou, Gertrude
i'arfngton, R. L. Purtlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
1 ADTes' 1 AIRDRESSK R— M HUBBARD,
Xj removed, to the Vendome,: 1104 Market St.,
will be pleased to see her old - patrons; I ba:rdress-
In,:. 25c; hair coloring: face treatment. ; :
DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
daily, private; no charge unless successful; all
Jaw Bints, claims. collection), wills, deeds," etc at-
tended 10. d. W. HOWK.ntty-at-law, Market "
RHEUMATISM Positively Cured; •\■■ • . ~~.
- ALSOXEUKALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic ■ catarrh. «nd ays-
pepsia: |iatlent3 treated successfully by mail;
miihll expense.: write for particulars; sunny rooms
and board if desired. 1)K. SMITH'S Hy^ieulc
sanitarium. 1513 Buchanan st.: free consultation."
J" INCOLN BRO>-. CASH OKOCEKS, 226
J Sixth st,, between Howard and Folsom. mid-
dle of the block— Butter, 25c roll; eggs, 20c dozen •
picnic hams, 6c lb: large can mincemeat, 25c; 20
lbs rai-lns, $1; 17 lbs currants, $1; citron, 15c Ib:
new almonds, 3 lbs, -Be: 25 lbs prunes, plums,
pears or apricots, (1 : large bottles pickles or chow
chow, 15c; corn starch, be lb; sugar corn, 3 -cans
25c LINCOLN BKOS.. 2VB Sixth sU
A RE YOU GETTING BALD? ~ ~
-Ti. My private remedy 'sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
(•tans new growth in 30 day»:eradicator of dandruff
Testimonials and circulars at 424 Folsom st. 1 ear
First. J. W. o'HOR'K. Kept by all druggists.
AG CARPETS WOVE TOOKDEK.fOK SALS-
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates,
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St. Oakland. Cat
EXPERTS, MY ARTISTS, EVERY ONE OF
tin m, and they do auy kind of hnlrdresstng
lor 25c; strictly one price: switches $1: "(Julno-
nia" hair ionic 35c a bottle., G. LEDEREIt, 111
Stockton st. . •-.:
R. NETA BRUNDAGE RETURNED, CUlR-
opodist; ■ corns cured. 14(»ear/ st., room 11.
QKALEAIOFF CUR DANDRUFF. ITCHING
0 sculp, stops hair from falling- out. Agents
wanted. 113 Turk su '■'.-, .."■-,-
CIONSL'IT, FREE. THE MEXICAN REMEDY
) I'o.'s physician: positive cure neuralgia, kid-
ney trouble, rheumatism. ¥04^ Leavenworth st.
LKGANT MAbQUKKADE COSTUMES AN-
PERSON'S. 121 Stockton st.: country orders.
I 1 T.-> CLEANED. »l ; RKI'AIKS
dyeing done. 26Moutpomerr, r. 14; tel. red 2374.
IVOItCK A D ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address loclc oox F., 906 Market st., s. F.
1 (\(\f\ cards, $1 50. SHOW cards, etc."
IUUU.TeI. Black 141. HILL, 22i£ Geary st.
(AO.TO 609 -THIRD; . CHEAP PAINTING.
J paperine. whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
i>l A DOZE.V— FINK CABINETS AT WIL-
«pl SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market.
U P E Ri'LU U t "■- 11AIK PERMANENTLY RK-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH '
2115 Bush, below Flllmore: hrs. 2 to 3, ex. Th & s?a!
MTS, SCIATICA. CATARRH. DIsKA KS OF
1 women. DR. SPITZY. 413% Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m."
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET—
ment: tine edge put on razor for ascenn.
"1 iue: PKOPLK'S o.\t DULLAK medical
Institute, all rases treated and medicine.* in;.
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029 V, Marie*; ai..
r;et. sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, Cal. .
AGNISCOPE - NEW PROJECTING A-
chin ■; uses the kinetoscope films; price $J5O.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. - •
\V r ATmt?, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
"» kinds a; reduced prices: mus: move; bulldiuz
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
UPTUKE-AND PILES CURED: NO. PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st. |
CLOAKS, FUKS AN l» SUITS RETAILED AT
J wholesale prices.. .Factory, 20 Sansome st.
URNETT'JS CORN CURE— SURE CL'RKFOit
corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 837 Montgomery.'
* LL FACIAL" BLEMIsIiKS, SUPERFLUOUS
x\. hair, molev freckles, sc»rs. etc. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co.. 226 Turn, nr. leaven wort a.
BIG OUTDOOiTSI 1-.KEOPTICON SHOW aVJC
17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artlstloaj-
TcrUtcments in living light; promoter! of bail- .
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market "
LECTKIO. LIGHTS in every ROOM I .
Winchester House. 44 Third at. near Market-
-to rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: si 60 to $8 pec
week : free bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
1 IBEliAi. AUVA.M'K-i O.N IJIAAIONiJ3.JC.vV- I
Xj »lr>-. etc.: lowes: rat^^. ' »)4S Marks; s^ '
LD GOLD. SILVER. AND LA.HIEI
clothing bought. COL.MAX. 41 "in. for. J«»™i«
; : .- • r DHKSS3IAKKKS.
R^S^E^2~A^D^uT^PwRAPPERa i 60c AND
up; lawns SI and up- 505*4 Natoma st. !
M~RS. AGNES KKLTE B- FA lON ABLE
dressmaker; 514 Geary si., near Taylor; ttyl-
Ish dresses from $4 up; latest style skirts. $1 60:
perfect fit guurantt-pd. . ;
UIT4 MADiTF «3 UP: SKIRT-*. 75c;
c»pe«..sl» fl guaranteed. 559 Stevenson su
•-:.'. „ VO V AM*.  , 
M"?is. tin. f. cla'kk. "•."!."•". ~T~ "'■ J : " v : ; ~-
;.,. PERMANENTLY LOCATED . " '
. ■ '.•'■ • '. 4.0 GEARY STREET.
The world's -most famous -medium of modern
times: if you me in doubt that *ne can and will
periorm nil she claims feel yourself Invited to -
call and she will give yon more substantial proof
of her marvelous power than you have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fall to ste her
If you are interested in the affairs of life: if mar-
rl*i<e. slckneis, death's changes, travels, divorces,"
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills,-
deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen property, lost
or absent friends interest you; if you care to know
what you should do to be successful, where you
shou>d go and whom to avoid, when to buy and
sell stock, c c.— ln a word, whatever may le your
trouble, suspicions or desires, call on .this gifted
woman and she will send you away happier, w'ser
and bolder th.in ever before. Iluurs 9a. m. 10 8
p. m. stricu Fee $1 and $2. Send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms. "- . . •.. ■
MRS. PP.. F. CLARK, 420 Geary st.
GITaNA; THE OIPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
J truthful predictions: reliable advice: no mat-
ter what, troubles you have, com*, and she will
guide you right: satisfaction guaranteed. '
ME. >CHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
past," present and .future; success to all; for-
tunes by mail; low prices. . 8.16 Misilon st.
At ME. RAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
A" business advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth
ME. MOKEAU, BEaT FOR I UNK-TKI LKR
lil -and medium In city: fee 26c- up. 764 Howard.
AY SEN N ETT, CLAIRVOYANT AND
mind-reader. 122 Post, rs. 10 aud 11, 3d floor.
ABLE WOODS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
card-reader. • '-07 Post, room 8. : .„
YPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Mtrket; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
ME. LEONA, CARD-READER AND MAG-
nettc healer: parlor 12, 865 Vis Market, 2d floor.
\IJIK. PEAR LUCKY, CARD-READER AND
ill magtiPtic healer: charms. Room 2, 223 Post.
ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
IfI er and card-reader. Koom 2. 122 Post st.
\l ME. WALTERS, THE cakd-kea UEK. RE-
■l*l turned; ladles, 25c; gents. 50c. 951 Mission.
ME. .SYBILIiK iklls from CKADLfc to
crave-. pictures given:ladles 25c: 914 O'Farrell.
I MX. LrTGETTE-PRKKKNT. PAST- AND
1" fir lire- '.Tic: on» price. 311 Teliama su. nr.4th
..' , ■';.'" M'ii:irUAL,Ji3Jl. "
„ :.—'. ~,J~Z. — <j.— ....^, - _J.
MMX. SPIRITUAL TKANCK MED I-
um. returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. .;-:■. . "'. .
QQ7 MARKET ST.: '-FIRST PROGRESSIVE
tJU I Chnr.-h"— Grand Thanksgiving entertain-
ment and dance; edmiKSion 10c -.refreshments free.,
\* RS, MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: READ-
i'I Ine'i daily. $1: circles, 25c: sun>lay, Tuesday
and Friday, 8 o'clock: ladles' circle, Ihurs. 2 p. id.
LADIES' AID MEETS TO-DAY, 326 MCA L-
lister st. : mission free: tests 3 p. m.
MbVHAHN, SPIRITUAL TEST. MKDIUM,
sittings, 1 to 6 p. H. 1705 Market st. .. ■-: '
M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATIS
. writer." 118 llalght st. ; hours 9 until 9p. m.
]I<RS. ELLIS, MEDIUM, SilliNHS, 9TOB. $I-
circles Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m., 25c. 1824 Market st.
\ 1 RS. SHRIN hit, -TRANCE MEDIUM: SIT
'»• tlncsdallr. $1: circle Sun. pvp. all Van Xp*V
— . — ___________ __„
ASTKOLOGV,
sTK^AT^ETn^pItO^CIToXM^TT'TI^T^
"rooms 12-13: bo-oscopes: questions: advice.
-.•.■: UItVCLKS. ■-.. '..>•; .■ '
IiKYULKS KK-E.VAMKLED "ANY COLOR,
-l> $1 m; lory process baking. 735 McAllister st.
> »...-. t!.\i;i!.-j»i*i'iii.j.A.>jioi,a 1 ■
Bt?» YOUR RATTAN CHAIRsT ROcIfERS,
tables, stii'ifis, etc, at the factory and savo re-
tailers profit: see our holiday gooJs; It costs noth-
ing. California Rattan Co., 61 ■ First si., near Mis-
sion. "■; - ",, ■..-:•.» V- -■•;--■■■. '■ ■ : ..--;^,,-
-9~BUILDINGB FOR SALE. TO BE REMOVED.
— Apply to J. F. HILLS. 813 Stoctcton gL
Ir>Oß SALE— AT 213 VICKBBURG 8T.." FRESH
" family cow.' ." .:;•.«.•: r.' •■:—*■ -■■ -•■■•■■
1 AOIES HAIR PARLOR; GOOD LOCATION;
J -< good trade:, must sell; bargain: - owner going
south.' •• L. H.. box 8, Call -Office, Oakland. •
T ATIONAL CASH KEiiI^TKR, GOOD OR-
i der: alto Urge folding-door safe. BMls-ilon ■:.
HOICK TABLE POULTRY; THOROUGH-"
breis; ; bargain. Apply at once *427 Dwight
way, Bertceley.; ;-'-■-;' v> • ■ • •-■-■. ... •
8-HIIRSK, SECONDHAND OAbOLI VK-tX-
glne. A 1 for mine. X., box 22, Call Office.
i) HORSLPOWBR OTTO UAH ENulNis, SEC-
— ond-hand: in perfect order; tor sale cheap; can
be seen running at 507 Market su ■ .. 
OKI- KE i MILL.; SCALES. . LETTER ■ PRESS!
stand des*. money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
ONARCH BLUE FLAME HE.MKKa ARE
the best. W. 8. RAY MF(J. CO.. 12 California
I.ARS, SHOWCASES,, COUNTERS., SHKLV-
J-< jpg. tic, l ought mid gold. 1063 Mission. nr.7.h.
"|>OJLKR¥,KNUINES,UD-llANii MACHINERY
J> -.va'-er- pipes, ilclniosh & Wolpnian. 137 Beala.
NKf SMALL AND LAKi.ii-:»lZtt
lire and burglar proof safe.. 109-111 Market su
CITY EEAt ESTATE.. |
cAi?_^rTmo^^7^~T - 7T' r r'! r~T' X
• • keal estate BROKERS ■ ; 4-
.and FINANCIAL agents, v
• . . '« 108 MON fUOMERY ST.
•<fiQ^ft"n" FOUR 2--T 'RY HOUSES. KENT-
OOi)UU, ing for *75 per mouth, south line of
Pine St., cast of Polk. j___. ■ • '
ffiOilC PER FRONT FOOT— TWO ; 30- FOOT
tjP— 1 — c) lots on Van Ness' aye.. near Gieenst.;
Van Ness aye. paved with bituminous rock; ma-
rine view. _ : - _
$.Ii)AA '.GRKEN-ST.;. NEAR OCTAVIA;
rln^OU'/. 25:10x157:6; . street work done;
grand marine view.
$v>rv/-vrv LYON. ST.. NEAR PINK; ONE-
■i\J\f\J. story coitaee of 4 rooms; bath aud
basement: street macadamized and sewered; lot
27:6x33:6: an offer wanted. - ■
<C9f>nn WALTER ST.". NEAR THE PARK:
«Jp_.Ut/\J. '25x148: street macadamized and.
sewered; an offer wanted.
MCAFEE BROS., .
T . ' ' ' '_; -'..' ' 108" Montgomery st.
COL GETZ & BRO.. ItjiAL ESTATE OWNERS,
0 Room A, first floor. Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'
RICHMOND LOTS AT VERY LOW PRICES.
Never beforo were such bargains offered. .
Q!1 AO * 150 « 280- LOTS FOR BUILDING:
O-lA/V/. no grading: near Mis-ion >.t. and ban
Maleo car lines; only $5 monthly payments.
(J7X .- TO *750 — LOTS NIiAK ELECTRIC
<U? I «->• car lines: Golden Gate Park; new col-
leges; splendid view of ocean, music maud; $5
and $10 monthly installments. . .
Call for maps and diagrams. ■ "•< '■'-■■ '
. SOL G ETZ & BRO.,
Room A, first floor, Crocker Building. '
riHEAPE.vr LOTS IN RICHMOND. ~~
\J ONLY 8 LEFT OUT OF 60. » ■ .
$ r 7(U\ * 50 CASH; $10 .MONTHLY WILL
, is> 4 \J\J. uuy a lot 25x120 on 11th or 12th ayes.,
near California st.; the lots are i.-v.-. > and the
street worK is done: three different car lines near
theproperty. BALDWIN <t HAMMOND, ■•
'• 10 Montgomery st.
\V ILL BUILD COTTAGkS, HOUSES* FLATS
' » at lowest prices for cash or installmntson your
own lot. or will furnish lot: call and examine plans.
DAN EINSTEIN, Builder. 6SJ MarKet street.
1 (\l\ CASH DOWN AND • BALANCE
tIT "v/ monthly will secure the best 4-room and !
bath cottage in the Mission: price and locality
considered: take 'the Mlssion-st. cars to Persia
aye. (Ingle&i<le branch),: walk to Edinburgh st.
and Persia aye.; open all day Sunday. E. M.
LO><J, 3;:07 Twenty-second st., cor Mission.
MALL HOMES: NEAR CAIIS; flu PER MO.
THE \c"aRTHY CO.. 646 Market st. .
/CHOICE RICHMOND LOT; CHEAP; -22D
/ aye., near California, j. H. GRADY. 18 Post.
Cj'-{|Mn LOT AND HOI'S.-. OF 7 ROOMS
<JPO 1 \J\t. and bath, near Market and Valencia
sts.: must, be sold; rent $28 50 per month: also
6 lots on Day st.. f 3,0 per; lot; are these at once.
PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia st.
JUST COMPLETED— .
Choice modern bay-window cottase on the NW.
cor. of 22J nud Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
of TOBIN & McNALLY. 630 Market st. .--■
SUBSTANTIAL MODKKN HOUSKS BUILT;
$150 to *275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
til; 1 l\l\(\ coTf.v.E » rooms in bek-
<PXUUV/. keley; lot 40x1.X0: ?15 monthly.
f 1000— Corner 100x100; $ 50 down: $16 monthly
(400— Lot 40x120: J26 down: $25 monthly. •
♦500— Half acre hill land: *10 monthly
I'HAS A. HAII.KY. 'JO Montgomery it.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
DAIRYMEN, ATTEN I"IOX — 1800 ACRES
finest dalrv land, b5 miles from this city ; rail-
road station on the place: plenty buildings; easy
terms. Full particulars, J. T. IE'IERS, Mills bldg.
SALK UK EXCHANGE — I LuiS. 5jX
200; near station: 2 frontages; fruit trees,
water, electric lights; half hour from San Fran-
c sco; easy payments. M. C BROPII Y. 107 10th:
VKRY DKSIKAHLK LITTLE HOME OF 18
t acres: one mile from town; house of 7 rooms:
barn and fruit house: 200 ' French prunes; 100
trees of family orchard; 100 White-- Adriatic figs;
5 acres ToKay: grapes; all in bearing: A 1 creek
bottom soli; some personal property; $3200; easy
terms. D. H. TWING, Sonoma, Cal.
OO ACRE ORCHARD: HIGHLY IMPROVED:
— -U splendid buildings and equipments: make an
offer. W. R. COLE, -Newark. -.
(CHICKEN RANCH '1O LET; 4 ACRES:
J nicely improved : inside city limits; $160 per
year. O. C. YOUNG. Petal urn a. ..
\f AR IN CO. ; 3000 acres: 26 miles from city;
XiX lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre: lermi to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO .65 Chronicle bldg.
* LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
xV the cheapest frnlt, vesi.-tuble and- : grain land
ever offered in Aiameda t'onn ty In small tracts; 1 1
mile from l'leasanton, H-a hours from San Fran-
ci->co; price S-0 to (40 per acre: half cash; owner
must Mil: title perfect; investigate. 57 Chroui-
cie building. • . . '
END FOR ILLUSTRATED OIKCULARS AND
pamphlet of California lands for sale by H.
FRANCIS,^ rooms. 69-70-71. Chronicle building,
San Francisco, i ul. .
11TLK HOMES. CLO^E iv tow.\; IS" !
J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pleetM
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoin*
City: Hr>rv Moml.tv at BSa M«r;»' s' . X V.
PKOPIiKTY io tXCHAMiJi. "
2r-ACRr: ranch, santa CRUZ C 0... $3^600
i"]o-«cre ranch near San Jose 6.000
8-rrom house »nd lot San Jose.. 3.500 ,
900-a re ranch in Santa Clara C 0........... 4;i,000
8-room honsein Belmont. San Ma co C 0 . .. 3,000
20 houses In Oakland from $500 to: 8,000
15 bouses in Berkeley from *200 to 10,000
. I HAVE ALL KINDS OK PROPERTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?.' -
. 11. C. DECKER. 10 JO Market St., opp. Fifth.
V\r ILL EXCHANGE LOTS FOX HORsK AND
*■ phaeton., furniture «nd carpets, or a clear
ranch. Address F. BOEGLE, Golden Gate.' Cal. .
T/OH -. GOOD . RANCH. CONTRA .» COST
r County, preferred, 2 double) flats, lot 60x125.
w<l! located in OaKland;* rents $50 per month;
value 1 6000: bank mortgage $2800. WM. J. DIN-
GEi , 460 i-.lgtuh. St., Oakland. ■ -.- -•.. ;
\l r TED— IMPROVED PROPERTY IN SAN
»* Francisco. Oakland, Berkeley or Alameuato
exchange for fine building lots In a fine growing
sect on: will assume mortgage. 468 Ninth st.,
Oakland. ' ' . . •
UNDEKWCOD * CO., 765 MARKET ST., CAN
*J exchange your property: try them.
OEND FOtt OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. W POSTER «fc WHIT TON, San Josa.
rTUMBER— IIBOACRKS; KERN CO.; PLENTY
1 water: excellent stock ran N.. box 18. CM.
; _IOX_V TO LOAN. .
©ynn nnV»T O^^^^BV4 PER CENT;
tuJOUV/.UUv city realty, also Oakland: banjc
rates; life Insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE A CO., 218 Montgomery st. |
ADVA>CKS ON diamonds, watches,
/It jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN . JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st.; open evenings. ' >
AN AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undlvidel interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room S. ■
ff*OA Ann TO LOAN in SUMS to suit ON
•4J> A\J.\J\J\J city real estate. M. B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st. -. ,■ . - ..
fll; CFl' f\(\(\ IN TRUST AT 6 % ON REAL ES-
«iP. \JiJ .\t\J\J tate 2d mortgage, on piano* * furnl-
ture; no attorney's fee. Isaacs. 240 Montgomery. I
VI ON ti,Y:. LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
i'l other valuables a l , the Security Loan Ofllce,
1108 Market St., nr.Mason;private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohue - b dg, 1170 Market st.
LWAYS ON TOP FOR LIBERAL AD-
vances at low interest; ' call and be convinced.
Cut-rate Loan Othce. rm. 7, Flood bide, 809 Market
<soo;vnnn AT BANK RATEs : 1»T AND
<tT)*J<ZtO.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
- * DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JKWELKY.KTC
A Columbia Loan & i ollateral Olllce, 9 .rant aye.
rivate Party loans ON.ANY.GOOD
X. security: low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office. '■
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE: IST *2D
rnortgnce: flat or installment. Drrden, 535 CaL,
I'AU'N'BKOKEItS.
HIGHEST PRICK :" PAID FOR CAST OF?
clothing. t'osniopo-iian i own Ofllc». 49 Third.*
Jc'—SANCIAL.
<ijT?>n ?1 1 0 f\ ™ •atTa s low asb a n ks.
'Vnt aiip'v mi '.'■.■■.'. t r>\ - K 1" i»p.Biiig.
, • HOKSiiS. *;• '; ~
_n HO ROES Fort 1 BALK; -ALSO' WAUOXi
r±\J bngtrles,' carts, harnes'; Grand Arcade lloru <
Market, 327 Stx.h st. ; auction sol every Wcaiutr
Cay, SULLIV.iN i DoYLE, Auctioneers. -
'I Jti-. EMPORIUM ;YAHI>B, 22U VA.
. 1 !encla su, is the place to go If. you want to bay.
tell or exchance. horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every >aiurdav at 11 o'clock.
■C/ilk tot.'l NEW AM> S—CONU-HANIJ HAK-
OXJXJ ness: all kinds: buggy. waeon, carts, surrsr '
d: rock««av: 40 cheap horse*. 15th and Valencia.
1 r l\ fcETS NEW ANU.SKCONi) HAND HA K-
X 1/ ness, all kinds : * wagons, I c usslcs, snrr«y%
rockaways, carts: must be noli. %I'M Missloa i.
•: L LECTRIC HORSED LI ING ; CALLED FOR
Xlt and returned. 640 Valencia: tel. Mission. IW7.
CA HKAL'-DIUVISIfrAAII WOKK;HOKSfc»i
QVJ UHii:' IOUO to 170') tin Hi'" Ilmvurl v.. •
WAUONs AM) tAKKlAtihs. ';. i
/KfE\V~AND SECOND-HAND RAKEr'sVLA UX-
1> dry, milk and grocery wagons; .also rockaway
and 2 flue buggies. 828 Harrison st. . .■ ' ;*. ;•: ;
5-ULAsS LANDAU HACK. IN ' PRIVATE USE
, 1 year, at WALCOM BROS.. 217 Ellis su
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
. OFFICE — BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATM. ;
y LMHURST .LOTS: JOKES TRAC r- 'ON
xj. terms; cement walks; 6c fare to Oakland- buy
of owner. See L. L. M. WAI SBURY: 902 Broad-
way, Oakland, or A. JONEM. Etinhurst.
ffl. 7 X LOTS AND UPWARDi BUY NOW
0 I when you can; but few ' lots left in the
Alleiidale - tract, situate in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland;, this is the only choice property
now being offered la th!s tiite at such low prices' 1
near a fine school: > two electric roads near by and
one ■ will - shortly co \ laMgn this tract: . crand
view: rare site for a -homo: drainage perfect:
street: all graded; some macadamized; homes
now here and others being built; tt-rnn, |5 cam
»5 monthly. 46S Ninth St., Oakland. H.Z.
JONES, owner. ;
rTO: FOR FITCHBUitu!
' iO> ?*y. TAKE YOUK FAMfLV AND
IKLENDS out ON the fitch-
burg, san leandro AND
hay wards local.
Pee Southern ', Paclflo Ttme-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
- i RUITVALE •IS 1 THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON b *- .
_,„_-. THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
*OOT OF MARKET STRhIET, U»
I'ITCHBURG STATION IN
. FORTY-FIVE; MINUTES.
A inmefla, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains slneed
cy the Fitchbur^ scorcher. . Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
•If yon are tired of life and want 10 get oft th"»
earth, stay where you are. People get well, bo-
come cueerf vi, couteumU and iv fc'licu-
burg.
Fitchbur* ttie most promising snnnrh on th 9
oirtct line of np-to-daio public and private im-
provements In the vicinity of Oakland. It is a
ensinsss center by natural location, its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of • last-sailing vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roadi
. Je&aing to It, are incontestable proofs. It is regu-
j larly laid out into blocks and lota bounded by wld*
j streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented wita
■ feveuuo trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grovui.
NOVV is THE .TIME TO BUY.
For 1 » term while cheap; ■ for speculation on %
rising market: for a tutu be first iorinvestmens
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay: no street
| improvement! to make. Water 6«pplv from i
I companies at your doors. . Lots . In this beautiful
j town at cheaper rates ana on easier paymeuts:b:iu
I can be bought In many 01 in* cue-street, vracu la
I an inaccessible bayfield.
Lots 25 and 60 fa«| front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deterred payments in easy lu»talliuouu;
title perfect. ...
W. F. McCLURK. 19 Montgomery st," S. V.
3HAD. S. FITCH. Fltchburg. ■
\ \\ Er.K : S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— IS
-A. WEEKLY CALL, ta wrapper, tor mailing.
ALAMEOA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALASIEDA KKAL KSTATK.
AN tXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
Investment of a small capital in Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new. 5-room cottages In a first-class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block -of business, street and eiecttic
railway: artesian well: gas-engine anJ mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A. R. DENKE, 1503
Seventh St.. Aliniedn. Cal.
Kh.KKISr.K% BEAL iiSTATK.
©1 7^A THE BARGAIN OF THE~SEA^
tip 1 I O\J. son; Rouse of 6 rooms; large lot:
stable, chicken-house: street work done; near sta-
li"ii JOS. J. M \sny. Berkeley stiifon.
' ujeuical.
A . BJ.ESSING TO lXd7eT~^ufferino
S\. from and diseases peculiar to liteir sex:,
I latest Improved method of treatment; never
', fails: perfectly harmless: free from any bai
effects; never makes' them sick to make them
I well: travelers helped immediately; prices to suit
j th* times: home in- confinement. DH. MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister st.. next IHbernla Bank;
: consult free; French regulating pink pills, $J;
j hours from 9a.m.Jo 5* p. it. and 7to9p. m. '"
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAli.> TO RE-
store every, case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when ivedlcines
and others have failed; no Instruments used;
j many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
j advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. ■ MRS: D:.. DALEY. 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drug store. I
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES. A.
Guaranteed absolute cure for all female Irregu-
I larities (no matter what cause): positively safe*
and sure: no danger or after effects; taken in tim<,
l it also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box:
, sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
I BROTHERS. 83 Grant aye., ban ranclsco.
J A NEW PROCKSS-NO MEDICINE, IXSTRU-
XV ment- or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
. i from what cause: restores always in one day; can
. . be sent and used at home; a:l cases guaranteed.
! DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, big Kearny.
R& GOODWIN, ■ SPECIALIST:. LADIES,"
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: > best
skill: free diagnosis: low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st. •-:'. - •
| T ADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
: X-i royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re- j
1 liable: take no other. t-'end 4c. stamps, for particu-
I lars. "Relief tor Ladies." In letter by return mail;
at druggist's. Chicheste r Ca. Philadelphia,
ALPKAI FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
indies w.th female troubles: no danger; safe
• and sure; $2 50 express C. v. D ; don't delay until
i too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal. .
J * SURE CURK t\}R ALL, Fi-.MALfcI DxS-
i J\. eases, from > whatever cause: borne lln contina-
■■• men: : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
I money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk si
Don't fail to consult Drt. Jordan at
his museum, 1051. MarKet st. his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
V PRAE'.-. FEMALE RKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient eminenauo^ue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO..driiggists, 406 Clay st..sole «gts.
Cj X ( W \fAll) FORA CASE I FAILTOCURE OF I
ts)OV>\J female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation tree. MRS. DR. SCOTT. 613 Jones s'_
ETROPOLITAN DISPENSARY. 1073 U,
, Market st ; 20 years' experience in nervous
aad sexual diseases: both sexes: consultation free.
OME.-A FRIE.\D AND mother-scare.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 r.ighth st., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl-EAS.K
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 164y 2 4lh.
I \H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. N_AU
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children. i
RS. DKS. DONOVAN, 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
confinement: terms reasonable.
A WHIR'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DENTISTS. "
pHALVAKT & CHA LFA NTVMO VEdT^ROM
V 8 Mason at. to 119 Powell; bridgework spe-
cialty. ' "
I R. L. T. CRANZ— KXTRACTION PAINLESS;
XJ . crown work-, bridge nor; and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Suiter, NX. cor. Stockton.
o|* 7 FULL SET OF li-.JiTH WORTH $16:
<jp I . warranted 5 years: extraction free; fllliiigs
60c 'Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
V ULL SET OF TEKTH, »7. W NTED-
-1 tilting 60c, crowns $3. DR. BROWN. Jli/ 9 3d.
r^UL"lO:> DK.M'AIi ASSOCI.* iIO.N, MAR-
VJ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKEIt. ■■ •
It. E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
plates ' same price as rubber. 14 Grant aye.
O«*7 A SET FOX 'I'fcKTH- WAKRANTKD AS
O I good as can be made; tilling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
?A I N LESS r.XTUACi'I<).\, 60c: L'KUVVS
bridge work a specialty: plates f5 up: 13 yean'
experience. ■ R. L. WALSH, D.D.6-.. 815% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST Nil
Eleventh: no cbarze for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
, teeth from $8 per' sec extracting 50c; gas given.
y; XT Or' TEETH WITHOUT A*\Lai_. • DX
O H. G. Young, 1841 l'o!k at. "-•.-.'.-
DR. J. J. Lc_K. MARK XT, «.'OK- I.(<LDK.\
Gate »vi>. : open fvn:n •-••<: -nndav-M till noon.
CROOME DENTAL ASaO J» A I'Iu.V, 7..» M VR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; paltileu
extracting, with gas. »1: plates. $5 up: fill, HI up.
Die GJS.OXUK w. LEEK. IHE . UtNUINK
I<eek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or iee:u
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20t/Farrell tv
A LL WORK TO Stll~.\iE.-i:WAKIU.NTKj.
'■ A. DR. KKa, 1370 Market st. troi.t City Hail.
LL WORK REASON A BLK AND war-
ranti-d. ■ DR. J. W. KKY. 1122 Market »t.
~ ATXOiWEVS-AT-LAW. •
S~~aT lo r^antTlm EuuXnTcs^ waiTks^cuT^
lected: estates probated: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn, advice In c. .J. G. JaFFREss, law office
632 Market st., loom 23. . .
DVICE FREE— DIVORCE laws a speci-
alty; private; no charge unless successful: al
lawsuits, claims. collection*,- wl-Is, deeds, etc at-
j tended to. G. \%. HOWE, ati'y-iiilaw. 850 Market.
RW. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG ; (.OS.SUt
— . tatlon free: probate: all cases: fees low.' t
KiM.ußh; *. MALCOLM, ATTORNEY.-, A I
law, mom 431 P«rro:t bulMln.- (Kmporumi
MTJiS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS:
rßlrth. marriace an.l death notice sent V* mv
will - not be 1 inserted. They mas; be banded In v
either of | the publication | offices I and | be Indorse I
wiiatue nanif and residence 01 persons uutuorls*J
ioaMV« Ltiv.- name published. J .
BOKX."
A NT- No vem nor ', 20. 1 S9tJ." to the wife of
'William H. Armeat, a daughter. : r j3*_SSBN_R
ARMSTRONG— In this city. November 19. 1898,
to the wife of P. H. 'Armstrong, a son.
COOPPER— In this city. November 16, 1896, to
•'. the wife of W. E. Coopper, adau^uter. .
DALMAS-In this city, November 14. 1896, to the
wife of D. Preston Dalmas. a daughter.
KELLY— In Wes: Oakland. I al.. November 24,
lb9S. to the wife of John R. Kelly, a son. '
McCONE— in tills civ.-. November 22, 1898, to the
"Wife of , Doctor McCoae, a son. . . - .
MOORE— In Oakland. October 23, ; 1893, to the
i wife of A. J. Moore, a sou.
OPPERMANN-ln this ci:y. November 10, 1893,
I to the wife of Henry W. Oppermaun. a son.
PYE— in this city, November 14, 1898, to the wife
of Ber.ram Pye, a dausriitL-r.
WATson —In this city. November 24, 1598.t0 ttvi
wife of C F. Watson of isleton. Cal., a daughter.
ZELINSKY— In this ; city, "November 17. 1838, .
to the wife of D. Zcllnsky, n daughter.
;: MAKKIKI).
DEMIXus- HUNTER— In thU cltv. November
25, IS9B, by the Rev. J. P. Dicksoti, .lames Dem-
iugsaud Mary lluntir, bu:h •>:' san Francisco.
FISH— SMITH— In this city. November 25, 1893.
at the home of Mn David, aunt ot the bride.
Heor^e L. Fish of Oakland and Madge H. Smith.
LUND-GREEN— In Sonoma, November 15,1893,
by the Lev. M. J. Why I*, Captain Charlej Lund
and Carrie A. Gre^»n.
i>lJil>.
P.ontc, John H. C. . . Meyers. Johanna
Brown, Spencer C Moss, Mra. Emma
Burgess, Sarah O'.-iulllvan, Mary
I laich, Anton Pads^t. Thomas
Fisher. Samuel " Petene*. -Ma:lie>v
Healey, Joseph L. Pierce. Patrick
Hurd, Mattie i St. Denis, GeoraV,' •* ' i •
Kelly. John T. Stevens, Frederic D.
Laurence, Charles F. . Trover, John C
Lawlor, Mrs. Mary Verdeuhalveu, John
Williams, Henry A. *
BONTE— Entered Into rest a. Sacramento, No-
vember 24. lSWii. John Harmon C. Bonte, D.D..
husband of Emily W. Bonle, and father of
. Ciiarles C. and J-anny S. Route. Mm. George W.
Reed an-J Mrs. James 11. Tarklnson, a native of
Ohio. «aed 64 years. •
4S~The iuneral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clocK p. m., from St. Paul's
Church. -Sacramento. Friend* are invited to
attend the services at the church. Interment
private.
BROWN— In Oakland, November 23. 1896, Spen-
cer ■C. Brown, a native at Washington, D. C.
aged 61 years 2 months and 14 day*. .
BURGESS— In this cif.-, November 21. 1895,'
Sarah Burgess, a native of Kingston, Canada,
age. I 63 years.  ....-■
XJ-yFrien'is and ncqnalntancn* i>r^> resoed-'
fully Invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORROW
(Fr.uay), at 10 o'clock a. _.. from ■ her laio
residence. 3-3 Ciuiro street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ,
CLAICH— In this city. November 23, 18?t5. Anton
i laich, beloved brother of Michael Clalch, a na-
tive of Dalciaiia. Austria, aged 27 years.
**"FneriH ami 'acaua!ntancc< are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS D.VY
(Thursday), a: 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lor* of McAvoy jfc Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FISHER— In this civ. November 25, 1896,
Samuel, beloved husband of Mary Fisner. and
fatuerof bolomon, Michael, Mose3 and iieoky
Fisher, a native of Koulu. Poland. used 62 years.
HKALEY— In this city, November 'IS. 189U, Jos-
eph Leonard Henley.' a native ot .->uu Francisco,
aged 8 months and 14 days.
HURD— In . IV-taluma, November 10, 1893, Mat-
tie, beloved dau^uterof Cora and the late Cap- •
tain ueorge 1 Hord. .and sister of Frank and
George Hurd, a native of . Pe.aluma, aged IS)
years and 10 months. '
KELLY— In this city, November 24, 1898, John
T. Kelly, a native of san Francisco, a:jed 3*2
years.
LAURENCE— In this city. November .23, 1898,
Charles F. Laurence, a native of England, a^ei
34 year*.
LAWLOR— In this city. November 24, 1833, Mrs.
Mary ■ Lawior, ■ beloved mo. her of Jamej and
John Lawlor, Mrs. C. Cougnlln and Margaret
Lawlor, an 1 aunt of Mrs. Nellie McK*rnun t a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland, ageJ 86
years and 5 mouths.
ISyFrlenrts and orauatntancM ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DA
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
. resi.lence, .. 322 Teliama street, tua,i.;i . i Su
Patrick's Cnurch, waeru a solemn requiem
mas.) will be celebrated for the repose or her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock _ — , -lutermeu:
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYERS— In this city. November 24. 1893, Jo-
hanna, dearly. beloved wife of J. H. W. F. Meyers,
and motnerof Fred and George Meyers. Mrs. J.
A. Kennedy an I M. ; T. ■ Costeilo. a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged t>s years.
fly Friends and acquaintance* are r»sp9C-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), lit 9:16 o'clock a. m.. from her -tat*
residence. 425 'J'weiif.-nlnJi attw:, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her .sou;,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MO^S-In Sacramento, Cal.. November 24, 1896,
Mrs. Emma Moss (nee Dempsey). beloved sister
of .Mary A. 'and Louis Dem|>sey, Mrs. A- C
Luckow and Mr*. P. Mailer, » native of Sau
Francisco, aged 26 yean."
Funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 8:30
o'clock a. U., from the residence of her brother-
in-law, R. C Luckow. 407 2 Bay street, thence
10 st, Francis Church, Valiejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose oi her goal. -
commencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interuens prlvaie,
•Hoiy Cross Cemetery. . .■- ■„ ■
O'SULLIVAN— In this city. November 28,1 83?.
Mary O'Sullivan. a native of Ireland, a^ei 68
years and 6 months.
PA DO ET— ln this city, November 24, 189".
'Thomas Padgett, a native 0/ Canada, aged 51
years. ■• ■ . ' ■• ..- . - '
Friends and acquaintance) are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at ■• 2 ' o'clock p. •• m.. from ■ the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. . luiermeu: Golden Gate Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In Newark, Cal., November 22.
l*9d. Mamew. beloved son of Hans M. ,and
Marie Peterson, a native of Sun Francisco, aged
.25 veixrs 8 months and 3 days. , •
JKS* Friends ! and - acquaintances are resole;.
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from King Solo-
mon.* Hall, Masonic Temp: e. corner Post and
Montgomery htiee:s. under the auspices of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. Remains at
his late residence, 717 Treat avenue. Interment
1. O. o. F. Cemetery.
L O. O. F.— To the officers and members of Fidel-
ity LoJge No. 222. 1. 0.0. P.: You are earnestly
requested to attend • . the funeral of our' lat"»
brother, Mathew Peterson, mm the Masonic
Temple, THIS DAY (Thunaay). at 1 o'clock
P. M. By order of HENRY JACKS, N. U.
■ A. W. Downs, Rec. Rec
J. C U. A. M.— Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2,
J. O. U. A. hi. : Member* will assemble at B'nat
B'ri.h Hall THIS DAY (Thursday), at 12:30
o'clock p. _.. for tha purpose of attending- the
funeral services of our late brother. Mathew
Potersen. ; - • '
PIERCE — An 'anniversary requiem high mans
will be celebrate 1 for ° ttie repose of the soul of
toe • iut,« Patrick Pierce a. Mission Doldres
Church THIS DAY' (Thursday), commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. friends are invited to attend.
ST. DENIS— In this city. November 25, 1896.
Georee St. Denis, beloved son or the late Amelia
, St. Denis, and brother of the late John and
Joseph st. Denis, a native of . Mary svilie, Cal.,
aged 33 years and 3 days.
STEVEN'S— this cttv. November 24, 1893
Ht his residence, 2726 Howard street, suddenly,
• Frederic' Dudley, only son of Joseph and Mary
J. Stevens, brother of Katberlne and Myra Stev-
ens, aDd nephew of Captain Frederic Holies" a
native or San Francisco, a fc -aJ 24 years 10 months
and 2Bdays. •:
Friends : and ncana!ntanc<M . n-<» respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from Emmanuel
Baptist Church, .banleil street,' near Twenty-
third. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral-car.
TRA VER— In this city, November 24. 1838, John
C. Traver, ■ native or New York, aged 6h years
5 months and 26 days. .
VRB DKNHALVEN — In this cltv. 'November 24,
1896, John, beloved husband of Chris. Wr-
' denbalven, and father of .- Mrs. Jame* F. Swift,
Mrs. Henry E. Beslborn, Ernest H. and Henry
A. Wuhrmann. . a na.ive of . scharmbeck, Ger-
many, a?ed' 56 years 3 months Hud 27 days.
' A member of Alemanla Lodge No.' B, X- of P.
{New YorK papers, please copy.J ;. : : ..
OTTFrlendi and <tcouslniancM are rwV^cv
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at" 2 o'clock p. _.. from his late resi-
dence. 403 sixth street, corner ■of Harrison.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. - ■
WILLIAMS— In this city, November 25, 1893.
Henry Alston Williams, beloved son of Harry
: . a lit on and Florence Williams, a native of San
'.'■ Francisco, aged 1 year 4 months and 13 days.
- SSTFriendt are resoectfullr Invited to end
the funeral services TO-MOKROW (Friday), at
11 o'clock a. —  at 2218 Deyisa.lero street. . In-
termen; pr:vaie. Pleas-* omit flowers.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNlON— Th»sem!-annua! requiem
..mass for the deceased members of St. Joseph's
Union will be celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 10 o'clock a. it
There wil. be aaermou on the occasion.
YOUNG. LADIES"IMJTITUTE-A S solemn re-
quiem high mats will be <elebrat«-d THIS
DAY (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., in the
" Cathedral o: the Mos Sncr tineni, sac-
rtmenw, for me repose of > tne souls of all de-
ceased members of the i'oun? LaJ ln' Institute.
All mi-uiii'.Ti who cunn > attend the alov.. 1 will
pleate assis: at mass on taxi day in their parish
church and offer prayers forourdepar.ed sisters.
SOPHIE A. OR ilK, i.ranJ President.
Joskphine T. Moli.oy. Grand secretary;
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A • re-
quiem high mass for the , repose of the souls of
deceased members of the Young. Men's Catholic
Union will be celebrated in St. Mary's Ciuhe-
: Ural on 'lhankss.vlag • day, 'liii'K^aY,
November ■ 2«, . commencing «i. 10 o'clock a. m.
. !-erruoa br Rev. E. P. Di-mpsey. - Fileuds oi
V. M. C L. «re Invited to attend. • .
' -MCAVO.Y A GALLAGHER, V
FUNKRAL DIEECTORS * ' EMBALM! Rs
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. \
J AS, MiMiNtiHEY. ■ : .- - CRAS. McMjCXOIiKY.
JA3IKS McMENOMtV ■•_ SON
I'XIitKIAKEIW AND - _MJUA_3I_R9
ioi>V UiaKiuu Street, Near aeveuin. '
- 'lel»;phon» .\o. a.104. ■■ '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO r COUNTY: NEAREST OBX»
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sens* ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. OttiCtt t>V7 Mmm
•Ueel, ' souih«aat coiner or oiilu.
1314
FOUR SEA DOGS
FALL BEFORE FITZ
A Battle Royal That Took
Place in Sausa
lito.
The Captains of Four Sailing
Ships Are Given a
Surprise.
They Tried Out Fitzsimmons at an
Old Eng ish Game, Which He Won
With Points to Spare.
"Don't talk to me about this man Fitz
simmons," was the pruff response of Cap
tain McKinnon of the good ship Belford,
on being asked what he thought of the
Cornishrnan as a puncher.
The captain is nursing a sore left arm
and while in a somewhat pleasant mood
yesterday afternoon he "let the pig out of
the bag" by relating to a small coterie of
friends an experience ho had had a few
evenings ago in Sausalito with Pugilist
Titzsimmons.
It appears that Captain McKinnon,
Richardson of the Pendragon Castle,
Moulton of the Pegasus and Pritchard ot
the Glenessiin decided to visit the famous
pugilist at ins training station aud see
him perform with the mittens. The three
vessels mentioned are at anchor near
Sausaliro.
Captain McKinnon was the owner of a
beautiful collie which accompanied him
to the fighter's headquarters in Sausalito.
It was the animal's last Trip ashore, how
ever, as it was run over and terribiy muti
lated by the train which was leaving the
depot for San Rafael.
''Poor Scot," said Captain McKinnon
as the tears ran down his cheeks, "wab
bled toward me with two of his lefts bro
ken ana a portion of his nose cut off. 1
'could not stand by and see my poor dog
suffering, and reluctantly I took my pis
tol from ray pocket and ended his pain by
sending a bullet through his head. The
day previous I received an offer of $200 for
the dog, but money could not purchase
him."
Well, the four commander? paid their
best respecis to lanky Bob, and after the
pugilist bad toyed witn the punching-bag
Jor some time McKinnon suggested tiiat a
little exercise would oe of much good to
them, and he a?ked Fitzsimmons it he
would object to a ristic interview with Ihe
big lour. The blonde wizard of the ring
"sized" his game up, and with h broad
smile on his handsome clean-cut counten
ance asfcect the capiains if that old Eng
lish game of "one down and the other
come on" would answer.
Richardson hesitated in giving an
answer, but when McKinnon, Pritchard
and Moulton agreed to the proposition,
Richardson acquiesced and the pueilist
and the heavy-weight mariners adjourned
to a compartment in the Pacific Yacht
Club where Filz lias daily set-tos with his
trainers.
"Will you have cloves enoueh to go the
rounds, Mr. Fitzsimmons?" queried
Captain Moulton as he glanced over his
shoulder at Captain Richardson, who was
prayine that the pugilist would answer in
the negative.
"Oh, I guess so." blandly replied the
man of muscle. "You see, we always ex
pect visitors wno are fond of the game
and occasionally we have a side show
which affords considerable amusement.
"Say, Juiian, " shouted 800 as his man
ager was leaving for the fiahter's resi
dence on the bill, "die into that trunk of
mine and you will iind' four brace of
three-ounce gloves, which will lit the cap
tains' tins to a nicety."
Richardson flopped into one of the big
cane-bottom chairs on the verandah of
the clubhouse and looked with longirsq
glances a., his ship, which was "at home"
Li Richardsons Bay. Even Piitchard,
who is said to be the conqueror of many
men whom he met in his younger days in
contests of fisticuffs, appeared rather un
ea-3% and in undertones suggested to
Captain McKinnon to call the thing off;
but McKinnon was obdurate, and whis
pered into Pritchard's ear that the harder
the gloves the quicker the battle would
end.
Moulton ran his fingers through his
hair and looked wise.
Julian returned to the clubhouse with
four pairs of gloves that had seen hare'
• service. Fitz examined the mittens, and
glancing over at nis sparring partner, who
was chatting with Captain Richardson,
said:
"Why. Dan, I thought, those gloves
weighed three ounces, but I see that some
of the padding has been removed. They
can't possibly weigh more than two
ounces each, but I guess they are better
than no gloves at all."
Richardson took another fond glance at
his <;ood ship Pendragon Castle and won
dered if he ever would return alive to his
.men. Hickey was alive to the situation,
and after a short chat with Fitzsiramons
he rushed to the dwelling and returned
with a huge pitcher of ice water. Rich
ardson and Pritchard had a smile, but
McKinnon and Moulton positively re
fused an interview with the liquid that
never cheers.
"Now, gentlemen, if you will prepare
for action I think we can rush this thing
through before those newspaper men from
Frisco, who are expected here at any
moment, put in their appearance,"' sug
gested Mons. Julian, as he chuckled to
himself in anticipation of the heaps of fun
that was soon to come.
The captains were ushered into a small
room, where they made ready for the
game of "one man down aud the other
come on."
Richardson, being a twice- born English
man, would no: show the white feather
for love nor money, but he rebelled
strongly against the gloves, which he said
were altogether 100 sm.iil for him, but
when Trainer Hickey said that they were
the largest mittens that were ever made
for man he resigned himself to his fate
and hoped for the best.
McKinnon kept the spirits of his comr
raw TO-OAT.
LADIES ~~
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
rashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy
Bkin, will be gratified to learn that the purest,
sweetest, and most effective skin purifier
and beautifier yet compounded is -
CUTICURA
SOAP
. It is bo because it strikes at the caute of most
complexional disfigurations, viz. the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed, or Overworked Pore.
Suzsrestton : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,'
or athletics, a bath with Cuticdra Soap is most
soothing, - cooling, and refreshing, preventing
chafing, redness, roughness of the skin, tooth,
ing inflammation, and when followed by gentle
anointing with (ointment), proves bene-
ficial in relieving tired, lame. or strained muscles.
Sold thronsrhont the world. Price. Citticc«a, 30c.;
Bo*p, 2Sc.; huoLTisi, .We. and »l. Pom* Dana
AKD Cirnc. C'>rp.. Sole Prop*., Bottra. ,-"-".*
Mf " Horn to Obtain ■ linllitat Complexion," fret. ■
ades up by pouring words of cheer into
their ears.
"Why, we will do up this big fellow in
less than five minutes, boys; he can't pos
sibly hurt us much at this game," re
marked McKinnon as he squared before a
large mirror and admired his figure.
"Well, 'pon my word, Me, I thinlc you're
right," said Moulton gleefully as he shook
the hand of his brother captain confi
dently.
Richardson and Pritchard appeared very
dubious, but when Pritcbard "announced
that he whipped Jim Mace once in a fair
stand-np fi^ht then all doubts were cast
aside, and the gallant seamen informed
Monsieur Julian that they were ready to
meet the enemy.
Long Bob was dressed In his usnal style —
cricket- pants and sweater— and as the gal
lant captains toed the scratch they took
the big right hand of the fighter in theirs
and shook it warmly.
"Are you ready, boys?" said Julian.
"We are!" they ail shouted simultane
ously.
"Then let her go, and may the best man
win," shouted Julian as he ran to a piace
of vantage over the fireplace.
The captains banged away with right
and left and Fitz received many hard cuffs
on body and neck, but he was dropping
his opponents in quick order and the con
test was short and spirited and according
to Mons. Julian's chronometer the battle
laied S}4 m'nutes, when the last of the
.«ea-fariii£ Mohicans cried "Enough, Me-
Duff; we came and saw, but you have con
quered."
McKinnon was the last man to face the
great fighter, but when his left arm fell
by his fide paralyzed from a blow he ac
knowledged defeat. Captains Richardson,
Moulton and Pritchard are now nursing
many wounds on board their respective
vessels, but according to Captain McKin
non they will be t-ufticiently convalescent
to enjoy a good turkey dinner this after
noon. At least it is hoped so, as they are
all good fellows.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Thanksgiving Matlnaes Will Be the
£Kule To-day— Continued Success
of Goodwin's New Play.
The combined attractions of Nat Good
win, Maxine Elliott and a new play by
Madeline Lucerte Ryley are sufficing to
draw good-sized audiences to the Baldwin
Theater. Tne play needs cutting and it is
rather of the Duchess style of literature but
it contains some brisrht lines and humorous
situations, and affords both Goodwin and
Miss Elliott congenial roles. Perhaps it
would be more correct to say that it af
fords Goodwin a congenial role, for all
parts are very much alike to pretty Miss
Elliott, who looks equally handsome in
any part, and seldom or never varies the
interpretation she gives to all parts-
Next Monday Milton Lackaye opens
with his new hypnotic play, "Dr. Bel
graff," at the Baldwin. Marie Wainwright
is his leading lady.
The Alcazar's enterprise in putting on a
new play has proved quite successful, for
"The End of the Century" is drawing ex
cellent houses. Tiie play is well staged
and receives a clever performance at the
hands of the stock company.
"Humanity" will run for the rest of the
week at the California Theater. On Mon
day evening the Humanity Company
will play "The New Soutii," written by
Clay H. Greene and Joseph Grismer. It
is a war play and its scenes are laid in
Georgia.
One of the chef attractions at the Grand
this week i« the infant which appears in
'Hearts of OaK." This young person,
who is merely announced in the playbills
as "a stunner," manages to eclipse evea
the spectacular effect of the millwheel.
The infant is oi tender years — or, rather,
months — and she cries when she ought to
cry and laughs when her role demands
mirth with an intelligence which has
already made her a popular favorite. The
domestic drama "Hearts of Oak" is well
acted, the lighter characters winning their
tribute of laughter as well of applause.
"Donna Juanita" is closing its run at
the TivolL On Monday the old and favor
ite work, "The Little Duke." will be pre
sented. Groat preparations are being
made for "Jack and the Beanstalk, 1 ' the
Christmas production.
The Thanksgiving bill at the Orpbeum
is attracting well. Edward Heffernen,
the Irish comedian, has become a popular
favorite, and George Thatcher and Ed
Marble are doinj; some clever work. The
Hengler sisters have returned to the Or
pheum for one week only, and several
of last wr.ek's performers appear in
new acts. In spite of ah these
attractions, however, there is a lack of
novelty, which is felt by the faithful de
votees of vaudeville, who make a practice
of attending the Orpheum every week.
No doubt all this will be remedied when
Gustav Walter's new arrangement with
Colonel Hopkins relative to securing a
number of important European vaude
ville acts is carried into effect. The Chi
cago papers state that the two managers
have agreed to combine, and have already
cabled offers of engagement? to imuortant
music-hall artists.
Nearly all the theaters announce special
Thanksgiving matinees to-day.
In consequence of the demand to see
Loie Fuller an extra performance will be
given at the California Theater on Satur
day evening. Yesterday both at the mati
nee and the evening performance the
house was crowded.
Professor Kennedy continues his amus
ing hypnotic feats at the Bush-street The
ater. He has varied the performance this
week by tlie introduction of a iady subject.
Every schoolchild in San Francisco has
received a complimentary ticket for the
Chutes good this, to-morrow or Saturday
afternoon. The institution is a year old,
and takes this means of giving all the
youngsters a chance to participate in the
birthday celebration.
This afternoon Emil Markeberg will
make one ot his exciting balloon ascen
sions and parachute drops, and in the
evening there will be a magnificent dis
play of fireworks. Some elaborate set
pieces iiave beon prepared, ana the pyro
technics on the lake are promised to be
revelations.
STANFORD'S NIGHT.
.Much Fun Kxpected From tne Kxtrava
ganza at the Auditorium l'o-N ii K ht.
Great interest is felt in the Thanksgiv
ing performance of Stanford University,
which will take place at the Auditorium
to-night. The following programme has
been prepared:
Overture, orchestra ; glee club, "Witherapoon
March"; "Two Weary, Wonderiug Wonder
ers," Messrs. Baldwin and Dillon; selection
mandolin club; danse a la Loie, Mile.
Macaroni; glee club, "Jeness Vegetable Com
pound"; selection, mandolin club;sl£irtdance
Slgnorita Dilloui; "Grand Winter Ballet,"
Premier Miss Moily Newell; interlude, or
chestra.
"The Macbeths of Berkeley, or After the
Ball a tragedy by William Shakespeare and
e.roiui Ager, wherein is pleasantly -et forth
that success never stayuth lung'with the
wrons; p-.-ople. Cast of character : Duncan
captain of sunioril forces, C. C. Perkins'-
Thane oi <C.) Ross, aid to Duncan, L. E. Mc-
Chesncy; Professor Macbeth, captain oi Berke
ley forces, F. B. Riley; But-o worthless-Bunco,
aid to Macbeth. J. W. Briscoe; Mrs. Macbeth
Carolus After- Dig, Bone and Grind, three
witching Berke ey girls, W. Mackintosh, U.
Deutch and G. W. Busn.
Union Pralie Service To-Xight.
Tnere will be a grand union praise service
of all tbechu.ehes of the City at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, this evening at 8
o'clock. The Moody Institute Quartet of Cni
cajco will take & prominent pan, and it will bs
their last appearance in San Francisco. Au
original poem and other interesting exercises
wili make up the programme. The public is
Invited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2G, 1896.
TWO AUTHORS OF
MANY BURGLARIES
Robert Phelan Has About
Twenty to Answer
For.
He Is Now in the County Jail
Awaiting His Trial on
One Charge.
Ezra Estes, a Boy, and a Peddler
Ercke Into Three Houses and
Stole Jewelry.
Robert Phelan, 30 years of age. has been
in the County Jail for several weeks wait
ing for his trial before ihe Superior Court
on a charge of burglary. He broke into
the plumber-shop of A. Roth, 958 Howard
street, on September 25, and stole a quan
tity of plumbers' material.
He was arrested by Policemen T. L. Ryan
and Ed ODea, and sinoe then they have
been investigating into other burglaries
which they had good reason to believe
Phelan had committed.
Thej* found that on September 9 he
broke into tne shop of M. H. Dugan, 33J^
Geary street, and looted the place. Every
thing of value had been carried away.
The officers have located the stolen prop
erty.
Phelan's most successful attempt was in
the millinery-store of Miss I. E. Conner.
3ti Geary street, on September 22. She had
just received a consignment of French
hats and other stock, and Phelan made a
selection of ten of the most expensive hats,
fifteen rolls of silk ribbon valued at $150
and other material, altogether costing be
tween $600 and $700. Three of the hats
were recovered in the Blanco House,
Fourth and Perry streets, where Phelan
had sold them, and four of the rolls of silk
ribbon from Mrs. Smith, who keeps a
grocery and saloon at Fifth and Clara
streets.
Phelan had a fancy for carpets and he
broke into the vacant houses on Morton
street and stole all the carpets, which he
tore from the floors. He also stole a car
pet from 127 Ellis street and one irom a
house on Geary street, near Williams.
Several additional charges of burglary
will accordingly be booked against Phe
lan. He is a well-known petty thief, and
was once tried for killing a man, but was
acquitted.
Ryan and ODea have also been working
on other cases of burglary, and yesterday
they arrested Ezra Estes. a boy 15 years of
age. He was charged with having broken
into the house oi Mrs. Fred Thomas, BJ£
Harriet street, a few nights ago. and steal
ing four gold rings, a pair of gold cuff
buttons, a pair of opera-glasses, two gold
necklaces, and other articles of jewelry to
the value of about $200.
Estes when arrested confessed that he
had been with a bigger boy, who bad coni
mitted the burglary while he stood out
side. They carried the stolen property to
the basement of a vacant house at 8 Sun
shine place, between Howard and Folsom
street", and buried it. Estes took the
olncers to the place and they found the
stolen jewelry, which was later identified
by Mrs. Thomas.
Estes and his bigger companion are sus
pected also of having broicen into the
house of Mrs. McCabe, 128 Russ street,
and stolen a lady's gold watch and chain,
lady's silver watch, four gold lockets, five
gold scarfpins, pair of gold earring?, gold
chain and bracelet, two gold rings, four
gold charm" and other articles of jewelry.
They are also suspected of breakin<r into
the house at 22 Russ street and stealing a
quantity of jewelry.
The reason why they are suspected is
from the fact that tiie means of entrance
in each case was the same. The glass in
a rear window had been brofeen near the
catch, tfbich enabled the burglar to un
fasten the catch, open the window and
climb through. Advantage in each case
was also taken when the family was tem
porarily absent from the house.
Estes' companion is a peddler, and the
officers expect to have him under arrest
at any moment.
SOLDIERS CALLED OUT.
A <cm fn-ic.ii aa to National Guard
Orders Causes Some Trouble.
Naval ReHerve.
Grim-visaged war will be buzzing ere
long around the headquarters of the First
Infantry Regiment, Second Brigade, N.
G. C, Lieutenant-Colonel Victor D.
Duboce commanding, and the popular
regimental commander will probably not
be a victor, but a victim.
The casus belli came about in this wise :
Orders bearing date of November 2a were
issued by Brigadier-General Warfield to
Lieutenant-Commander Duboce for in
spection at 9 o'clock la*t evening, the first
part of which read as follows:
Tne colonels commanding the First and
Fitth Regiments will detail members of their
staffs to each of their companies, these officers
to act as inspectors and to make immediate
returns through channels.
These officers, acting as inspectors, will pay
particular attention to the following.
Then in a separate paragraph followed
the names of brigade »taff officers de
tailed by General Warfield to act as in
spectors.
Colonel Dnboce went ahead and de
tailed members of his staff as inspector?.
They finished their inspection of the two
battalions of the regiment at the Grove
street armory and dismissed the troops.
Scarcely had The last private laid down
his arms and empty enrtrid ire-box and
beat a rapid retreat to the carnival ball at
the Pavilion when General Warfield, stir-
I rounded with all the warlike glitter of a
full staff of brigade inspectors, arrived.
They found not the serried ranks of sol
diera with arms at present, but an armory,
still, deserted. Up in the regimental head
quarters the colonel with liis adjutant was
discussing the airship as a factor in mili
tia warfare unconscious of the campaign
about to burst upon him.
The astonished commander-in-chief
dispatched his own detailed inspector,
Major Charles Jansen, to scout, That of
ficer, all sabered, booted and spurred,
mounted the stairs, and, striding into the
presence of Colonel Deboce, demanded the
regiment for inspection.
The colonel tallied his orders on the
visitor and a somewhat stormy interview
took place. Then be returned to the gen
eral, who Jed his staff forthwith out into
the night, while the regimental com
mander in his office waited for the general
that never came. There was no inspec
tion of the First Infantry that nigbt.
The war correspondent of The Call in
terviewed General Warfield at the Cali
fornia Hotel later in the evening. That
officer would not state just what course
would be taken in dealing with the ap
parent disobedience of orders, but from
the conversation it was easy to see that
there is a battle not afar.
The report aa banded to Brigadier War
field at midnight last night showed 544
officers and men present.
Word to report in heavy marching
order came to Lieutenant- Commander
Turner of the Naval Battalion dur
ing yesterday afternoon. In an hour
and three-quarters he had the four
Hotchkiss cuns and all their gear
landed from the Comanche by a
hastily summoned landing party, and at
-—■—>.-- -U:^^-^^ -^"-.-^ L-^---^----^^.^-,. NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. ; .'■ - ' ' .'
MHET ME AT 1 Store Closed All Day! Cf m ok
O J (incorpobatedJ. . I Wegive thanks to our thousands of cus- . J^fJii, Mv hi W^/
i (incorporated] We give thanks to our thousands of cus- /Cj^ I WM'J/J 1 ' y
937-945 MARKET STREET,! tol ? ers fo <* their generous patronage. City j<qS J^^'//</
san FRAN c,sfco. I and country has made us what we are- y _^|J jf^H^
®®®®®s®s<s^^ "FRISCO'S BUSY STORE." ,^lPw\ m 3^^K. i
,JS^ " ~ A M ANU fact Ore r v s 'stock " OF ribbon si u^^^
C- -*Jjn We bought the balance of a manufacturer's stock of Ribbons and place them on sale Friday morning at prices ws yg^i '
Lf3^-sP g^,y ■• ■ think will interest those who are making fancy work. " " ?^
<*•*> (C^ O^AC/tTA£ffcJ-A. PLAIN AND MOIKE Kr>-.BON. 3% Inches wide. SATIN AND GROS-CSUAIN HIBBOX-An all-silk No. 22 ribbon- reiru- ifT*^ ■&»
HT£ \L- We believe this purchase will interest you. Usually 35c; To-morrow; ,• ■>' larly offered at 26c ; moitly faucy work shades. Our price ' ' -' Vkf '*
.^£^ j)) . . 23 ° Yard. 15c Yard. • ■ . \['&| l^ V
yy PRINTED WARP DRKsDEN RIBBONS, 3V, inches wide; a Dart of the ! ALL-SILK. SATIS AND GRO^-«HAIN RIBBON— work shades'; V!^ "^ kb
££a d ( big purchase; a good quality all-silk ribbon To-morrow «he , me a we have been selling for the past two months, but still a v "\ "■ ■ T
y&JSfiV Si. - ~ ■ _ 1 _,_ - , bargain. No, 2. u%cyard. No. 5, »i/ 3C yard. "Jf m-
/£^*3JE}^»-3>ss. S4G Yard. • . :•. ■ • ••- •• -  ' No. 7, sc> aid. No. 9, 7V 33 yard. //Pr^^^K
y^ija LADIES' OUTER GARMENTS. DRESS GOODS. 2£^n
\^ ■■■s[. ' 4S.OO_Bach. : 25c Yard. ■ ft I
I I) LADIES.' TAN JACKETS, shield front.' four large nearl buttons: high col- , ! : — i \_jy I.
I V^ lar Inlaid with velvet; sizes 34 to 40. We consider this an exceptional. *ANf;Y SUITINGS— A special lo: of 33 inch suiting; colored bourette, dot Ci "-'. I -A
value. Our price ' • weave on a plain black surface; a real bargain. Oar price ... r)^*" *^*~~s».
F^HW^Wi $10.50 Baoli.; 360 Yard. , * &?** r .T7.^\
/^S3- xv EjjTi,oii. • • . # '7 So Yard /« C?£l
'C^Lrf^^ y'J ' LADIES' TAN MIXKD JACKETS, buttons up' high to the neck, inlaid : $(l'."Jt»V»
7rHTH J/ velvet collar, four large tons, pleated back; sizes 31 to 40. The FANCY PLAIDS— SmaII effects in silk and wool; 38 inches wide- a very VuJllF^^
iL^J M '.'.: actual regular price is ?7 50 ourprice. ... • .. ' ', s*-ell thing. Our price '■■■.--■,. : W'l'iS^-' "
V^"" vl ' $4.65 Each. .: . 7Oc Yard. n
f^_ Ji SOME ITEMS FROM OUR BIG BASEMENT BAZAAR! m^^
"^ "^^/ We Ask Comparison on These Prices. . ' s**^5 **^
ViC a FULL-RIGGED SAILBOAT, nicely painted. To-morrow— WOODEN HORSES, on wheels, with saddle and bridle. To-morrow— m •" '
TCORE ", A lOoJEaoh: . Each. tomorrow i
3t!»t"* -*> \1 THE WALKING DRUMMER. anew tintoy. To-morrow— SILK p ARLOR LAMp BHA DES, 14 inches wide, in many ahades. f[[P T , ""^j
f i '',V ^/l • So Baoh. price- LAMP SHADES, 14 inches wide, in many shades. WyJifii^*-
' '■ ''' iJ T" •=;«--» TTnr»Vi V '\ i 'l V»M"' *
TIN KITCHEN SET, for busy Mule oodles. To-morrow— r.v.rr -gJS.cn.- If ■ '-.
p ■".;'Vf\ • 5c Bach. CHILDREN'S CARPET SWEKI'ER, iron wheels, heavy brush, nicely llf^ . T'ti.^\
i. , ...._,. M . :'_-^ t . .— . T~r .. . ™. painted, strong and durable, a novelty of the season, stock' limited, so / 1 V- "I ill IT _ J
\l m ~-^/"| WASH SET, tub, washboard, brush and clothes rack. To-morrow— come early, as we may be unable to«set any more. Price— iW&'i^
/ ' &4o Each, 45c Each. - - \i^) '^^
£/ ■ . VST TO ACCOMMODATE CHRISTJVVAS SHOPPERS the store will remain open NEXT SATURDAY EVENING until 10 o'clock. «"»
.K^;;^-:^.:^ W "-'|HALE BROS., 937-945 Market ltet. ; m^^^-, rb^ -
8 o'clock 103 men marched from the
armory, formed a battery and were in
spected with their guns and equipments
on pier 7, the new fc-j>reckels dock. Only
the first and second divisions ot this City
were out.
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Nerney was
the inspecting officer, and he said his re
port would be a most favorable one.
Each man carried in addition to his
arms a rubber poncho and a Rray blanket,
a canteen and a haversack, in the latter
being a tin cup, a plate and a knife, fork
and spoon. Each man carried the pre
scribed amount of ammunition, and there
were 150 rounds ol shell and shrapnel pro
vided for the Hotchkiss battery.
COMMITTEES OF MINERS.
President »fl" Maket) Some Important
A pnolntinents.
The following is a list of t!>e various
committees appointed by President Neff
of the California Miners' Association:
Executive committee: El Dorado County—
H. E. Pickett, A. H. Ten Broock; Tuolumnp
County— E. C. Loftus. \V. J. .Srmrwood : I'lumas
County— J. H. Roberts, i-a-nuel Cheeney;
Trinity County— John McMurray, Fred Beau
dry; Nevada County— J. S. Mcßride. E. J. Rec
tor; Calaveras County— Mutt B. Kerr, F. F.
Thomas; Yuba County— James O'Brien. Joseph
Durfee; Sierra County— X. R. Wehe. J. O.
Jones; S-r.ta Clara County— R. R. Bulmore, C.
C. Uerby; Siskiyou County — Andrew (1. Myers.
Albert H. Denny; Placer County— Harold T.
Power. F. Chappelftt; San Francisco County —
Tirey L. Fora, Thomas Barber.
Committee at large— W. W. Monuicrue, Louis
Glass, K. McMurray, Charles G. Yal<\ It. B.
Thomas, T. R. Church, Andrew Carriijan,
Squire Mooney, John M. Wright, S. B. Christy,
\V. C". Ralston, K. Coleman, S. J. Hendv, E. A.
Belcher, Dan T. Cole, John Scott, George E.
Ames.
Committee on hospitals for sick and disabled
miners— Felix Chappelett, chairman, Placer
County; R. \V. Thomas, superintendent Uwin
mine, Calaveras County; Fred Zeitler, super
intendent ChHmpion mine, Nevada County ; D.
11. Jackson, superintendent Larkin mine. El
Dorado County ; Thomas W« Jeffers. superin
tendent Oleta mine, Amador County.
Committee on revision of mining laws—Cur
tis H. Lindley (chairman), A. H. Rlcketts. W.
S. Keyes. C. \v. Cross, Ross E. Browne, T. L.
Ford, Henry Pichoir, J. F. Ualloran, Fred
Searls.
Committee on legislation— Tirey L. Ford
(chairman). H. T. Power, S. B. Christy, Louis
Glass, F. R. Wehe. G. H. Burn ham, W. F.
Prisk. E. H. Chapman, W. E. F. Deal.
Finance and auditing committee— Andrew
Carriuan, L»an T. Cole, Louis Sloss Jr.
Committee on mineral lund*— A. H. Ulek
etts (chairman), J. V. Halloran, E. H. Benjamin,
Hftrold T. Power, E. C. Loftus.
Advisory committee to Debris Commis
sioner— t;. \V. Cross (chairman), John Spauld
ing, Mark B. Kerr.
SENATOR FAIR'S SANITY.
Judge Slack Will Hear Tei'lmony on
This Point N«»xt Saturday.
Judge Slack yesterday decided to hear
testimony in regard to the sanity of the
late Jnmes G. Fair before closing the case
of Charles L. Fair against the trustees
named in his father's will. This is re
garded as a point in favor of the trustees,
for the reason that though the children of
Fair were willing to have him adjudged
sane for tne purpose of having his will ad
mitted to probate, they might try to prove
him Insane when it came to their effort to
have the trust clause set aside. The hear
ing of the witnesses has been set for 10
o'clock next Saturday morning.
HOBART'S PINE HORSES.
Eighteen Magnificent Steeds Imported
for the online Horse Show. :■'
Walter Hobart has arrived from the
East with a string of eighteen of the finest
horses that he could get in the best stables
that contributed to the New York t horse
show. Among these famous horses are
the prize-winners Monarch and Performer.
Mr.;; Hobart ; attended ,' the fJ New ; York
horse : show and is ■: convinced that ■] San
Francisco can present. "pretty.; nearly as
tine a display of equine beauties as those
he saw. in '..the Mauison-Square ring. He
intends *; to take the local admirers- of
horses by surprise on trie occasion of the
coming show. -
•—• — ♦ — *
,"• Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building 10 be removed. 6 and 7 Thud st.
HEAT for the HOME
*$h- The Convenience and Kconomy j
£%£ of these Oil Heaters make them j
%&0 a great home comfort. Cheaper
■jd^fei^S^ than a coal re ) and no dirt, ashes
.^S' or bother of an kind.
' 'Florence Oil Heater, No. S, will
• heat a room 12x14 feet at a cost of
ililPil ik per hour. Price $2.90; worth
B| Florence Oil Heater No. 10
I Florence Oil Heater, No. 8, will
heat a room 12x14 feet at a cost of
ioc per hour. Price $2.90 ,' worth
Florence Oil Heater No. 10
heats a room 18x20 quicker than
JfcShJl"! -^ : fire. Costs lie an hour. Price
54.25 ; worth $6.00.
1 f^S These are less than New York
iwf^^^lfX J prices and will prevail for one
iHt Msf£9ftW| fa ' THE MYERS' SUNLIGHT OIL HEATER,
ilfir JV *&"V? rt^V-V * 3-5 to * 12 - Onl >* high . grade heater in the market.
*^£|^Sfet^Lii^is| Heat and Light combined. Simple, durable and
4^653^ JOHN F. MYERS CO.
T^^KJiJrT^PWr : 947 Market St. Next door to Hales.
H^r C|C#tl Many thousand dollars f
WW ma worth of valuable articles |l|
f/ YOU IT \ suitable for Christmas S
I Chi sr : «» maft 1 gifts for the you g and H
s \^lS rio ßilßl«L^ 1 old, .are. to be given to I .
m. £alft^ I smokers of BlackwelPs ffl
||L %A 1 9 L 9 # Genuine Durham To» H
fl^^. TO ©jT bacco. You will find §ji
fifi ; wtfS^^ one coupon ; inside each . §§|
■ . |li two ounce bag, and two S
I coupons inside each four i
H ounce bag. of Blackwell s # ' . \&
M Durham. Buy a bag of/ U&I1UIK18 , 11
Suable presents and how V^ — , , 'i^B
I to get.them. 1 008606^^ |
fgffTH/M?
IS THE VERY BEST 'CINK TO EXAMISS
your ey«s and tit them ' to spectacles and ■ By».
classes with 'Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not ■ been equaled. M.y au*
ceas has been due to the merits Of my work. . ■ \
Offlca Hours— Vi to 4r. *fc<-- • ■ -••■ - -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLK3 H. :PH ILLI fS. ATTORXE Y-ATW
Law and Notary Public, 688 Market St., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Resldaac* iti3|l
Fell street. - Teiefitoae " Via* " -691. -
I THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The £RILL
Ladl STHH ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
: - Direct Entrance from Market St.
I lil'tN t.MIL KIDKIGHZ.
; ! Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USK DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great' Mexican Remedy: ■. gives Health and
Strength to the Sexual Orzans. ,. ~
THE HERALD of
CHRISTMAS JIBE (
26th -— —
Annual- — •
718 TUT *&.■&*. ST.
DON'T MISS IT!
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
GRAND DOLL FETE
The Attraction of the Season.
*
NOTE.— Santa Claus' Letter Box ready to
receive LETTtRS FROM ALL MIS LITTLE
FRIhNDS. and to ALL GOOD CHILDREN who
write to him he will send his Special Publica-
tion, "Princess Sweetpeas aud Gottlieb The
Hunchback." '
DAVIS BROTHERS,
FINE CARPETINGS,
ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
RICH FURNITURE!
We are now disposing of cur
stock of Fine Furniture, Carpet-
ing and Upholstery Goods at
greatly reduced prices to make
room for an entire new line.
Agents for John Cros3ley & Son's Eng.
.ish Carpetings.
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO., i
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY /
1301 TO 1307, MARKET STREET /
i COKxSEK, NINTH. ," *•
V "PATENTS A l
MARKET ST.SjSiS^