VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 97.
RESULTS ONLY IN
A FLAT FAILURE
What Correspondent Curtis
Says About Bryan's Tour
in New York.
DIDN'T WIN ONE COUNTY.
One Big Bet to Show How the
Straws Are Blowing in
the East.
CALLERS HEADED FOR CANTON.
Business Men of Broadway Unfurl
the Flag of Protection and
Prosperity.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept 4.— Chairman
Henna aid not arrive in Chicago this
morning as had been expected. The an-
nouncement was made at the National
Republican headquarters that Mr. Hanna
had stopped off at Cleveland and would
reach here nexi Tuesday.
W. E. Curtis, the well Known newspaper
writer, who has just arrived from New
York, was quoted at National headquar
ters as saying that Bryan's tour througn
that State which was expected to be ef
fective among the farmers, has been so flat
a failure that a bet of $1000 was made that
Bryan would not carry a single county in
the State. It has not been taken, they
say.
John D. McVey of Lake City, lowa,
called at headquarters to-day. He said
that lowa will give 50,000 to 75,000 major
ity for McKinley. Mr. McVey is an ex
member of the State Senate and is presi
dent of the McKinley Calhoun County
League.
General R. A. Alger of Michigan came
over from that State to-day and spent
some time in conferring with leaders at
headquarters. Many other visitors from
the central part of the country were
greeted.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 4.— The delega
tions from Pennsylvania promise to be so
large to-morrow that Major McKinley
has decided to make two speeches instead
of one, as it was at first contemplated do
ing. The first speech will be made in the
morning to the delegation from Beaver
County. The second speech will be in the
afternoon to the Pittsburg labor delega
tion.
This evening two more delegations
wired Major McKinley, asking him if he
could receive them. The commercial
travelers of Pittsburg and vicinity have
asked to come on September 19, and the
Republicen clubs of New Albany have
notified Major McKinley that they have
arranged to come that day. An effort wili
be made to arrange another date for the
traveling men so that they may have the
day to themselves.
Among Major McKinley's callers to-day
was Colonel W. A. Stambaugh of Kansas,
who is making a few Republican speeches
in that State. Colonel Stambaugh saya
the Republicans and sound money Demo
crate have a hard fight on in Kansas, but
that if they work diligently and intelli
gently they will carry the State for Mc-
Kinley by more than 10,000.
Editor L. f. Hunt of Mankato, Minn.,
was another caller. He recognized the
fact that the Republicans have no walk
over in Minnesota, but assured McKinley
that the sound money sentiment was gain
The San Francisco Call
ing ground every day and that it would
prevail.
The following dispatch received this af
ternoon was read with satisfaction by
Major McKinley:
New York, N. V., Sept 4.
Hon. William McKinley: The business menof
Broadway from Seventeenth utreet to Twenty
third street will unfurl to-day an American flag
bearing the names of McKinley and Hobart on
every block. We wish you could ho:ior the
event with your presence. Accept our best
wishes for your election Dy an overwhelming
majority. William P. Montague.
WILL HELP McKINLEY.
That Jm Chairman Hanna'* Idea of the
Indianapolis Xomiiiatians.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 4.— M. A.
Hanna, chairman of the National Repub
lican executive committee, spent to-day
in this city. Asked his views of the ticket
nominated by the sound-money Demo
crats at Indianapolis, Mr. Hanna said:
"I think the action of the convention
will be of assistance to us. Senator Pal
mer is a strong, reliable man, and nas a
heavy following among the Democrats of
Illinois. His nomination, following that
of a gold-standard Democrat for Governor
in that State, will weaken the lorces of the
other Democrats in Illinois very mate
rially."
Mr. Hanna thought the nomination of
General Buckner would also help the Re
publicans. Regarding the Vermont elec
tion Mr. Hanna said it indicated that the
people as a whole will repudiate the Chi
cago platform.
Speaking of the fight in California be
tween Colonel Otis of the Los Angeles
Times and the Typographical Union, Mr.
Hanna said in answer to the demand of
the union that Otis be given no recogni
tion by the Republican executive commit
tee, said: "I have not recognized Colonel
Otis in any way since the St. Louis con
vention. I appointed Mr. Lindley to take
care of our interests in Southern Califor
nia, because I knew he represented the
labor interests of that section. I refused
to make Colonel Otis conspicuous in the
support of Mr. McKinley because of his
antagonism to labor unions. I want to
say that the stamp of the Typographical
Union is placed on every piece of cam
paign literature that we have sent out."
FAILURE OF A MONTANA BANK.
The First National of Helena Suspends, but
Promises to Pay Depositors
in Full.
HELENA, Mont., Sept 4.— The First
National Bank of this city failed to open
to-day. A notice posted on the door said
that heavy withdrawals had caused the
suspension, and that the depositors would
be paid in full. The bank has a capital
stock of $1,000,000, and was reorganized
after the panic of 1893, when it was forced
to close. Among the heavy depositors is
the State of Montana with $200,000, but it
is secured by an indemnity bond.
President S. T. Hauser of the bank is in
New York, but Manager E. D. Edgerton
says it will pay all depositors in full and a
dividend to stockholders. Xne suspen
sion caused little excitement. There wag
no run on the other banks, and they did
only an ordinary business. The state
ment of tne bank issued July 11 showed
liabilities of $3,500,000 and assets of $4,100, -
-000. The Comptroller of the Currency
has notified the officers that an examiner
is on nis way to take charge of the affairs
of the institution.
The failure was not a surprise to all, for
it was current talk on the streets last night
that the bank would not open to-day. The
officials had tried to suppress the rumors,
hoping that the bank might open, and if
it did they wanted to avoid a run.
The A. J. Davis estate, famous for the
litigation over the millions left by Davis,
whose possession of the stock was a tew
weeks ago allowed by the claimants after
a long tight, was coming from Butte with
the cash to tide the bank over. Davis
came, but the bank did not open.
JProfestor Wtlcox Head.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 4.— Professor
Cyprian Wiicox of the University of
Georgia died to-day at Athens. He was
84 years old and has been a member of the
faculty many years.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896
WRECKED BY LIFE
BEHIND THE BARS
Dr. Gallagher Returns to
New York With Mind
a Blank.
MET IN DEEP SORROW
Relatives Go to Receive the Ex
ile, but He Does Not Know
Any of Them.
BITTER TEARS FHEELY BHED.
Instead of Speech-Making and Jollifi
cation There Is Pathetic Dis
appointment.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 4.-Dr.
Thomas Gal lag tier was a passenger on the
Bt. Paul, which arrived to-day from South
ampton. Dr. Gallagher is much broken
in spirits and his mind is totally unbal
anced. His health, however, is fairly
good, and he appears to have much vipor.
He was welcomed at quarantine by a
number of his old friends, who had come
down in the special boat Annex, but he
failed to recognize them. General O'Beirne
SCENE OF TROUBLES
TUMKJSY ilf EUROFE
AMX> THE ■
APPROACHES BY SJ?A
TO
CONSTANTINOPLE
"'-Aw a V:
-SATJTI/VA IH ASIA MIS OH
jxzxatoszvozrs] ox America*
A DEMOCRATIC HOLD-UP.
and O'Donovan Rossa were among those
on hand to meet Dr. Gallagher.
Among those who met Him were Dr.
Gallagher's two brothers, James and
Daniel, his sisters Agnes and Rose of Buf
falo and other members of the family.
They were on board the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company's ferry-boat Annex 4,
which was lent for the occasion. A band
was also on board and it was intended to
take Dr. Gallagher off at quarantine and
bring him up in the Annex, where speech
making and general jollification were to
have taken' place.
However, owing to the rumor that Dr.
Gallagher's mind had been seriously
affected by his imprisonment it was
thought advisable that his brothers. and
General O'Beirne should go on board the
St. Paul and find out if Dr. Gallagher was
able to meet the people who had gathered
to welcome him. The three men were
taken on board the St. Paul by th«
Officer* boat, while? ? the. Anrex ley to at
Quarantine dock. It was a sad f scene
when Daniel Gallagher returned in the
Health Officer's boat without his brother.
Those on board at once guessed that the
rumors as to to the doctor's mental condi
tion were well founded. His sister and
other female relatives broke down under
the strain and Daniel Gallagher sat down
and cried bitterly.
The band played very softly "The Last
Rose of Summer," and to its mournful
strains the party who had started in the
morning fuil of joy and hope slowly
steamed up after the St. Paul.
The Annex overtook the steamship be
fore she was docked, but under the circum
stances the party was not allowed to land
until General O'Beirne and Daniel Gal
lagher had taken the doctor off the ship.
He was placed in a closed carriage and
driven off to a hotel to get some rest Ar
rangements have been made to have the
doctor taken to a sanitarium on Long
Island, where his friends hope to see him
restored to health.
STRUGGLE FOR THE STARS
Strife Among lowa Guardsmen
Over the Election of a
Brigadier.
Adjutant - Genera! Wright Displays
Peculiar Tactics to Favor His
Candidate.
DES MOINES, lowa, »ept. 4. — The
lowa National Guard is torn up by the
latest developments in the Prime-Guest
brigadier contest. Last spring an election
was held by the First Brigade, and John
R. Prime was on the face of the returns
elected brigadier.
Adjutant-General Wright had favored
James A. Guest for the place and declared
there had been fraud in the election. He
ordered another, and again Prime was
elected. Wright refused to issue the com
mission, and Prime brought action in
mandamus to compel the issue of the
commission. Thi^ is still pending in the
courts, and to-day it is announced that
Wright will to-morrow issue the commis
sion of Guest. If this is done it will pro
duce a huge row, and Prime and his
friends will carry the case to the courts
and fi^ht it to the last resort. •
It «•»< developed afier the first election
that Wright had telegraphed to several
companies to vote solid for Guest and had
otherwise used his influence against
Prime.
OWES OVER FOUR MILLIONS.
Receivers Appointed for the J. B. Wctkins
Land and Mortgage Company
of Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 4.— United States
District Jodfce to-day upon the applica
tion of tiie Girard Life Insurance and
Annuity Trust Company of Philadelphia
placed the J. B. \\ at kins Land and Mort
gage Company of Lawrence, Kans., in the
Hands ot M. SuramerfieM and J. B. Wat
kins of Lawrence and John F. Seiner of
Top**ka as receivers.
The liabilities are $4,500,000, consisting
chiefly of debenture mortgage* on Kansas,
Nebraska, lowa and Texas farms. The
particular ciaini upon which .-vi; was in
stituted was ior $88,000 debenture boruls,
upon which the interest has been defaulted
since 1875. Sam Bishop of Lawrence, at
torney for the compiinj-, says the assets
will very nearly cover the liabilities
BOMBS THROWN
ON THE TROOPS
Armenian Anarchists Kill
Turkish Soldiers in
Galata.
TRIALS ARE COMMENCED
Forty-Three Indictments Against
Those Connected With
Recent Riots.
SEVERE PUNISHMENT AHEAD.
Constantinople Police Will Also Be
Prosecuted for Not Checking
Murder and Pillage.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept 4—
The Porte has informed the various for
eign representatives that the trials of tne
revolutionists arrested in connection with
ABDUL HAMID, SULTAN OF TURKEY.
the recent disturbance upon charges of
pillage and killing peaceful people will
be begun without delay, and that the most
severe penalties will be imposed.
The court met for the first time to-day.
One hundred and forty-three indictments
have been found, the indicted persons in
cluding both Moslems and -Armenians.
The police will receive exemplary punish
ment for failing to put a stop to the mas
sacres an', pillaging.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 4.— The
Turkish legation has received under yes
terday's date tbe following dispatch from*
the Sublime Porte:
"The imperial authorities handed to
the Government attorneys all documents
in connection with criminal acts of both
Christians and Mussulmans.
"The Armenian anarchists threw bombs
on the troops passing through Galata.
One officer and a few soldiers were killed.
"Since then, however, no criminal acts
were committed and order prevails
throughout the empire."
LONDON, Eno., Sept 4.— The Daily
News to-morrow will publish a Paris dis
patch saying it is expected that the
Armenian revolutionists will arrive in
Marseilles to-day and will be embarked
for New York.
MARSEILLES, France, Sept. 4.—Seven
teen Armenian revplutionists who took
part in the recent rioting in Constanti
nople, including Garo who threw the first
bomb at the Ottoman Bank, were landed
at Marseilles to-day. They will be de
tained in the St Pierre prison, pending
orders from the Government regarding
their disposal.
The Turkish Government has made a
demand upon the French authorities for
the extradition of the prisoners, but it is
not likely that it will be granted. The
refugees declare that they only left Con
stantinople upon receiving sale conduct
out of the country. It is their desire to
emigrate to the United States or some
other foreign land.
California Fruit Hale in London.
LONDON, Eire., Sepu 4.— Five thousand
half cases of California fruit were sold at
Covent Garden market to-day. The con
signment generally was in good order,
and the average of prices was 2s higher
than the last sale, though this advance
was mainly due to the scarcity of fruit in
the market A lot of Clairgeau pears were
included in the consignment but as they
were small and hard they fetched only
3s 3d. Peaches realized 4s 6d to 5s 6d";
plums, 7s 3d and pears 3s 9d to 5s 6d.
Itnly't Qunrrel With Brazil.
VIENNA, Austria, Sept. 4. —In re
sponse to inquiries made at the Brazilian
embassy to-day a representative of the
j United Associated Presses was informed
j that Bignor de Martino, a former Minister
to Brazil, whom the Italian Government
hay arranged to send to Rio de Janeiro to
demand satisfaction of the claims made by
Italy, will not be the bearer of an ultima
tum, but will make further efforts to ef
fect a peaceable settlement of the Italian
claims.
•-;-r- — *— — ■:■■:
3o JSletD» of Dreyfus' Ktenpe.
PARIS, Fbakck, Sept. 4 —No informa
tion has reached the French Government
regarding the report of the escape of Cap
tain Dreyfus, formerly of the French
army, who was publicly degraded and sen
tenced to life imprisonment in a fortress
upon conviction of having sold to a foreien
government War Department secrets.
In response to inquiries provoked by the
report of Dreyfus escape the Colonial
Office has received a cablegram from the
Governor of French Gniana, saying, "No
change in position of Dreyfus."
PRICE FIVE CESTTS.
LI HUNG CHANG
AT THE CAPITAL
Wonders of Washington
Are Displayed to the
Diplomat.
IGNORANCE OF HISTORY.
It Causes the Viceroy to Ask
Why Grant Was Not at
Burgoyne's Surrender.
TALKS WITH MANY OFFICIALS
Courtesies of An Eventful Day Fol
lowed by an Elaborate Dinner
at N;ght.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 4.— After
breakfast this morning Li Hung Chang
announced that he did not feel like hang
ing around his supero apartments all
morning receiving officials, ait had been
mapped out in the programme, but would
likes to see the Cnpitol if he nad time be
fore keeping his appointment at the Chi
nese Legaiion. Carriages were ordered
and the party drove to the Capitol.
The entire Capitol was undergoing its
summer renovation; the new floors and
ventilating system was being put down
in the Senate chamber, and a visit would
have been more impressive at another
season, but the Viceroy too^. a deep inter
est in everything. His first question was
asked in the President's room, which was
unusually bare of furniture. He wanted
to know whetner the President was there
every day, and was much astonished when
told that the President used it but once
for a few hours annually. He left his
chair and went around examining the his
torical paintings minutely.
He became deeply interested in the
story of Pocahontas, which had to be re
lated to him in full. The first military
subject he happened to strike was the sur
render of Burgoyne, which led him to ask
if Grant was in it, and when told that he
was not he wanted to know where Grant
was at the time. In tne library he viewed
the stacks of books with evident interest,
and when introduced to Librarian Spof
ford took a great fancy to him. He asked
him how old he was.
"Beventy," replied the librarian.
"You must have many books in your
head," declared tbe Viceroy.
"But many more out of it," the librarian
replied.
"But you must be a very wise man,"
pesisted Li.
"No, I know comparatively little."
The chair was moved out on the Capitol
portico, where the magnificent panorama
of Washington was spread out. The Vice
roy was charmed with the scene. Pres
ently he began asking about the monu
ment—what it cost, how they built it,
how did it compare with the other high
structures and ended by declaring that he
should go up to the top to-morrow ana
see for himself if all that was told him
was true. After he had a smoke the party
was led through Statuary Hall, where the
statues of distinguished Americans did
not interest the Viceroy aiter he found
Grant's was not there. He wondered why
there was no statue of Grant anywhere in
Washington, but when told there was a
6ne painting of him at the White House
he said he would not go away without
seeing it.
In the House of Representatives the
gorgeous gallery over tne Speaker's desk
attracted his attention, and whan told it
was reserved for the press he laughed and
said that it was finer than those of the
President and diplomatic corps. He was
asked if he wanted to go over to the li
brary, wnich was probably the finest
building in the country, but when he
found that it was unfinished and had only
600 Chinese books in it he said he was too
old to learn to read English, and thought
he had better go to the Legation, where he
was due.
Alter transacting a certain amount of
business, and partaking of an elaborate
Chinese luncheon at the legation, the
statesman returned to the hotel.
At 3 o'clock he had an appointment to
go to the tot> of the Washington monu
ment, but at that hour Major-General
Miles, General Beck, General Ruggles,
General Greely and others called to pay
their respects. The Viceroy asked General
Miles how old he was, and when tbe gen
eral told him he had served with Grant,
the Viceroy became deeply interested and
asked numerous questions about Grant's
armj life. After this interview, ex-Secre
tary Foster took the Viceroy, Lord Li and
Dr. Mark to call on Secretary Carlisle at
the latter's residence. The visit turned
out to be the most important of the day,
and resul'ed in the complete demolition
of the afternoon programme. The Vice
roy spent over an hour in a discussion of
finance and tariff with Secretary Carlisle.
He was amazed with the Secretary's
knowledge of the Chinese system, and the
firm and clear perception he had of
different subjects. When the discussion
had continued until 4:30 o'clock, the Vice
roy drove to Secretary Lamont' s, where he
left bis card, repeating this courtesy at the
residence of General Miles and Secretary
Francis.
At 7 o'clock be sat down to an elaborate
dinner, tendered by ex-Secretary Foster.
Besides the host and the Viceroy the fol
lowing guests were present: His Excel*
lency hi Ching Fong, first son of th«
Viceroy; Secretary Lo Fune Luh; LJ
Chang Sou, second son of the Viceroy;
Dr. Irwin and Dr. Mark, medical attend*
ants; the Chinese Minister, Yang Yu; th€
Mexican Minister, Senor Romero; Secre
tary Carlisle, Secretary Lamont, Sec
retary Francis, Justice Harlaa, Gov«
ernor Lowndes of Maryland, General
Miles, General Ruger, Assistant Secre
tary Rockhil), E. B. Drew, Genera)
James H. Wilson of New York, Dr. W.
W. Johnston of Washington.
During the repast the United Statei
Marine band gave a serenade. At the con
clusion ol the dinner General Foster mad.2
a few remarks, to which Li responded
through his interpreter in a written speech.
He said :
Since the establishment of our treaty rela
tions there have always been evidences of good
friendship between our two countries, but all
these evidences, I dare say, have vow been
fdipsed by the cordiality and warmth dis
played by the American Government and citi
zens in welcoming and receiving my special
mission. Though 1 regret my time does not
allow me to make as long a sojourn in this
country rs I wish in order to appreciate more
fully the accomplishment and progress of the
United States of America as a nation, I cannot
help during my brief visit here to be struck
and impressed by the liberty and freedom en
joyed by the people; by the welfare and pros
perity in their industrial and commercial pur
suits; by the characteristics of their classical,
historicat, philosophical and poetical litera
ture ; by the manner of application of the
scientific discoveries and inventions for pro
moting the happiness of mankind and by the
display of their artistic taste in the architec
ture of the public buildings, sculpture aud
paintings of historical figures and facts which
my old friend, J. \V. Foster, has been kind
enough to show me.
These impressions I will carry borne, not
jnly as augmentations to my store of knowl
»dge of the points of Western modern civiliza
tion, but as the means of enlightening the
millions I reDresont and inculcating the intro
duction of those very means and ends of civil
ization into China and amalgamating the old
est civilization of the far East with the most
modern of the extreme West. Gentlemen, I
propose the toast to the lriend of China, Hon.
J. W. foster.
The banquet proper, which began at
6:50, closed at 8 o'clock, but Li Hung
Chang remained until 9:15, conversing
with those present.
His programme ior to-morrow includes
a visit to tne money vaults of the Treasury
and to the executive departments gener
ally and to the Washing' on monument.
At 3 o'clock a trip to Mount Vernon is in
store. He has ordered a magnificent floral
piece to bejpiaced on Washington's tomb.
AN AMERICAN ARRESTED
Taken From a Steamer as He
Was About to Leave Havana
for New York.
General Lee Takes Cogn z^nce of the
Matter and Will Enter an O.fi
cia! Protest.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept 4.— Samuel E.
Tolon, an American citizen and a promi
nent merchant of Cardenas, was arrested
here yesterday on board the steamer Sen
eca, as he was about to sail for New York.
He was brought ashore and placed in con
finement. The United States Consu!«Gen
eral, Fi'.zhugh Lee, has taken cognizance
of the matter and will enter a protest
against Mr. Tolon's arrest.
A report has been received here of a
running fight in the Matanzas province,
near Chucoarice, between a Spanish force
under Colonel Aguilera and a band of
rebels under Cuervo. Fourteen of the in-
Burcents were killed and many were
wounded. The Spaniards lost two pri
vates killed and one officer and three pri
r vates wounded.
Benigo Hernandez Acosta, a prisoner of
war, was shot at the Cabana fortress to
d«y and Anastacio Sardies Sola will be ex
ecuted to-morrow.
BRACING UP SPANISH TROOPS.
Open- Air Ma** for Their Success, in
Which the King Participates.
SAN SEBASTIAN, Spain, Sept. 4.—
open-air mass was celebrated on the prom
enade here yesterday in the presence of
soldiers about to depart for Cuba to rein
force the Spanish troops there. The mass
was attended by the royal family, the
King wearing the uniform of a cadet of
the infantry.
The Bishop of Vittoria preached to the
troops, to whom he said thai the Spanish
flag surmounted by the cross could not be
conquered. Speaking on behalf of the
King, the Bishop expressed his Majesty's
regret that he was unable to lead his
gallant soldiers to victory. Later t»ie
papal benediction was bestowed upon the
soldiers, who kneeled to receive the bless
ing of his Holiness.
CARLIST MOVEMENTS.
Members Withdraw Front Parliament
and the Masses Become Ihreatening.
MADRID, Spain. Sept. 4.— The Carlist
members of the Senate and Chamber of
Deputies have withdrawn from Parlia
ment as a mark of their disapproval of the
passage of the unpopular railway subven
tion bill. The action of the Senators and
Deputies has caused great anxiety among
the Ministers and members of the royal
family. The masses of theCarlists threaten
to withdraw to the hills.
Senor Senz, a member of the Chamber
of Deputies, said to-day tnat the direction
of the Carlist party would soon pass into
the nands of military leaders, who have
effected a perfect organization and are
ready to take advantage of the first favora
ble occasion that presents itself.
OKLAHOMA HITURES FOID.
A Decision That Hill fill the Country
Httit. Bigamists.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Sept 4.— The local Su
preme Court last evening handed down an
opinion which makes a prominent and
wealthy citizen and a well-known Cincin
nati lady bigamists, and will by its inter
pretation of the divorce law create con
sternation among the thousands from all
carts of the United States who have se
cured Oklahoma divorces.
In May, 1895, . after a hard-fought : trial,
Charles F. Beack, a weU-known writer of
legal textbooks, with offices in New York,
Chicago and Indianapolis, obtained a di
vorce Irony his wife, Annie M. Beach, on
grounds of cruelty and incompatibility.
Mrs. Beach - at once appealed the case to
the Supreme Court, the transcript being
the most complete and voluminous ever
filed. _^
The court yesterday reversed the lower
court, annulling the divorce and dismiss
ing the case. The ground for reversal in
error was that Beach was : never a resi
dent in good faith of the Territory or the
county in which the ; divorce was grant
ed. The same holding by the court will
annul three-fourths ,of the divorces ever
granted here.
Beach, who is a leading member of the
Manhattan Club and receives $ 20,000 a
year royalty from his numerous law text
books, has since married Mrs. Day, a
charming widow of Cincinnati, Ohio, and
the two are now traveling in Europe.
A CO-WORKER W I TH MORSE.
•James D. Reid. Comes to Attend the
Telegraphers' Convention.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 4. -James D.
Reid.United States Cormul at Dunfertnline,
Scotland, was a passenger oo board the
American liner St. Pftftj, which entered
port this afternoon. His arrival was
hailed by the entire telegraphic fraternity,
more so by the old-timers, of whose so
ciety he is a member. He crossed the
ocean to attend the annual meeting of
that society, to be held in Pittsburg on
September 2a Mr. Reid is the patriarch
of telegrapuy, having been a co-worker
with Professor Morse. The United States
ensign was raised and dipped from the
tower at Sandy Hook in honor of Mr
Reid, and the words "Giad to see you"
were signaled as a greeting from all his
Jriends as tte St. Paul passed ia at Sandy
Hook. J
MR, BRYAN BREAKS
HIS OWN RECORD
Passes a Whole Day With
out Making a Single
Speech.
CONFERS WITH JONES.
Arranged an Itinerary for Trips
Through the Southern and
Eastern States.
NOW VERY GRACIOU?, INDEED-
Actually Consents to Appear Before a
Crowd and Bow His Acknowl
edgements.
CHICAGO. 111., Sept. 4.— William J.
Bryan spent the day in conferences, last
ing from the hour of arrival until nearly
6 o'clock this evening. There were pres
ent at these conferences Senator Jones of
Arkansas, Hon. E. Wall of Wisconsin,
Hon. B. J. Campau of Michigan, Hon.
Dan McConville of Ohio, National Silver
Chairman I. N. Stevens, National Silver
Organizer George J. Keeney, Governor W.
J. Stone of Missouri and Secretary C. A.
Walsh.
At the close of the day it was stated that
beyond arranging an itinerary for Mr.
Bryan's Southern and Eastern trips noth
ing had been done except to discuss the
situation in a general way. The confer
ences were held in a room on the fourth
floor of the Auditorium Annex, from
which Mr. Bryan descended to the parlor
floor and held an informal reception.
Many gentlemen and quite a number of
ladies had awaited his coming for hours
and they greeted him warmly, assuring
him of their hearty support and predict
ing a successful issue to his campaign.
Mr. Bryan arrived at Chicago at 9:30
o'clock this morning. He was met at tne
depot by Governor Stone and escorted to
tne hotel. Chairman Jones was unable to
meet Mr. Bryan at the train, owing to the
arrival at the same hour of Mrs. Jones at
another depot. An early consultation
was had with Chairman Jones, Governor
Stone, Hon. Thomas Gahan of Illinois
and National Committeeman £hanklin of
Indiana and other leading Democra's.
While this conference was in progress
quite a crowd gathered outside the hotel,
many of the members of which had fol
lowed Mr. Bryan from the depot. A com
mittee from this gathering waited upon
Mr. Bryan and requested that he appear
and bow to the assemblage, with whicti
request he good-naturediy replied asd was
greeted with loud cheers. During the
afternoon some time was spent in con
ferring with Chairman Jones regarding
Mr. Bryan's letter of acceptance of his
nomination by the Silver party, to be
read at the Lincoln notification meeting
Tuesday. To-morrow irorning Mr. Bryan
goes to Milwaukee, where he will make
two speeches. Sunday will be spent with
friends at Beloit, Wis, from which place
he will return to Chicago to be present at
the Sharpshooters' Park meeting on Mon
day (Labor day), at which everything in
dicates there will be an immense attend
ance. Leaving here at 5:50 p. m. Monday
Mr. Bryan will arrive in Lincoln the fol
lowing morning. The programme ar
ranged this evening for the Southern and
Eastern tour is as follows: St. Louis,
September 12; Salem, ill. (Mr. Bryan's
old home), Sunday, tbe 13th; Henderson,
morning of the 14th; evening at Louis
ville; Lexington, Ky., 15th; Ashville, N.
C, 16tb; Richmond, Va., 18th; Wasning
ton, 19th; Baltimore, 20tb, and New York
City, 28th or 29th, from which city he will
make a tonr through New Jersey, Dela
ware and the New England Btates.
Mrs. Bryan was called upon by a num
ber of ladies during the day. Mrs. Hol
lendectt of Arkansas presented her with a
beautiful bouquet, upon the ribbons with
which it was tied appearing the coats of
arms of Arkansas and Nebraska. Mrs.
Bryan left for Lincoln at 5:50 o'clock in or
der to reach home for the opening of
school on Monday.
DEMOCRATS OF NEBRASKA.
They fill Blanks in the Ticket Left by
Populists.
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. 4. — The Demo
cratic State Convention met to-day in this
city, indorsed the nominees of the Popu
list State Convention held recently at
Hastings, and filled in the blanks left va
cant for that purpose. These were two in
number, viz: Attorney-General and Uni
versity Regent.
The convention was called to order at
10 a. M., and Attorney Ed P. Smith of
Omaha was selected as temporary chair
man, and later on the temporary organiza
tion was made permanent. Mr. Smith on
taking the chair made an enthusiastic ad
dress in favor of free silver.
The Presidential electors are: N. O.
Alberts, Clay County; 8. L. Kostrize, Sa
line; M. F. Harrington, Holt ; J.N.Camp
bell, Nance; Fred Metz, Douglass; O. W.
Palm, Lancaster; F. J. Hale, Madison ; X.
Piasceki, Howard.
The State ticket is as follows: Silas Hol
comb, Governor; John E. Harris, Lieu
tenant-Governor; W. F. Porter, Secretary
of State; John P. Cornell, Auditor; J. N.
Meserve, Treasurer; W. R. Jackson, Su
perintendent; J. V. Wolf, Commissioner
of Public Lands; William Neville (lonjr
term) and John S. Kirkpatrick (short
term), judges of Supreme Court; J. C.
Smi'b, Attorney-General; TnomasS. Raw
lings, Regent.
THOSE SILVER CONTEINUTIONS.
Steven* Explain*, but Says Mine- Owner*
Are Not Rich.
CHICAGO, 111., Bepu 4 —Democratic
National headquarters was an unusually
lively place to-day, on account of the pres
ence under the same roof of the Demo
cratic Presidential candidate. All afier
noon the hallways and rooms were
thronged by enthusiastic Bryanites, many
of whom are prominent in Darty council?.
Among these were Senator Pettigrew of
South Dakota, ex-United States Senator
Doolittle of Wisconsin, Hon. J. G. Shank
lin, National Committeeman from Indi
ana; I. N. Stevens, chairman National
Silver party, and A. H. Plumb, son of the
late Senator Plumb of Kansas. Senator
Teller did not arrive to meet Mr. Bryan
as was expected a few days ago, but will
it is now announced, be here Tuesday.
Stevens was asked this evening about
the reports that large sums of mon^y
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1396.
were being contributed to tbe silver cause
by the silver mine owners in Colorado.
Mr. Stevens appeared much amused. He
said tbe leaders of the movement for free
silver are doing in Colorado just what
they are doing in the other StateB — solicit
ing popular subscriptions from 10 cents
upward.
Many responses are being made to these
appeals, but so far as he knew no con
tribution of over $100 had yet been made
by any mine-owner in Colorado or else
where. No greater efforts were being
made in Colorado than in any other State.
So far as tbe National Committee furnish
ing assistance to the States, Stevens de
clared the States are expected to help the
National Committee. He also asserted
thai there were no wealthy silver mine
owners. The wealthy mine-owners are
those who own gold producers.
By way of disparagement of the Repub
licans rejoicing over the election in the
State of Vermont the Democratic organ
ization has given out a statement calling
attention to tbe fact that the Vermont
platform was a straight-out gold docu
ment — "one that would mightily aid the
mugwump plutocrat gathering at Indian
apolis." The conclusion reached is that
"there is excellent reason, perhaps, to
argue a gold gloom from the result in
Vermont, but when the issues presented
are considered it is difficult to see how
free silver, 16 to 1, was interested at all in
the result."
SENDING JUFFS, NOT NEWS.
Protest of the Omnha Bee Aaamst the
Reports of Bryan's Secretary.
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. 4.— The Evening
Bee, published by the Bee Publishing Com
pany, of which Edward Rosewater, a di
rector of the Chicago Associated Press, is
president, says editorially :
As a member of the Associated Press the Bee
was the first to remonstrate against the per
version of tbe service in the interest of Bryan
or any other candidate lor office. The func
tion of the Associaied Press is to transmit the
news, not to circulate campaign literature and
personal pufls. When the Asvoclated Press ap
pointed Mr. Bryan's private secretary as ita
ageut to travel with Bryan and report his
movements and his utterance-!, it was to have
been expected that everything sent out about
the Popocratic candidate would be distorted
and magnified in his interest. Judged by the
reports which Mr. Bryan's private secretary
sent out through the Associated Press from
this section, the tremendous ovations and
triumphal receptions accoided Bryan in the
East are to be taken with large grains of salt.
All the way across lowa the imaginative
private secretary peopled every station with
thousands and every water-tank ana railroad
crossing with eager hundreds giving vent to
their exuberant enthusiasm. Such reports
were doubtless highly gratifying to the silver
organs west of the Rockies, but they were an
imposition upon Associated Press members as
well af upon the public. It Is for this reason
that the Bee is exercising its privilege to keep
its reports of Bryan's wanderings and vapor
ings within reasonable limit. As previously
stated, the buik of the Bryan speeches are
mere repetitious of the same old song. When
ever Bryan gives expression to anything origi
nal or new or meets with any incident that is
of moment or has any bearing upon ihe cam
paign, readers of the Bee will have all the
particulars.
DEFAD QUOTES PROVERBS.
"Surely in Tain the Net It Spread in the
Sight of inu Bird."
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 4.— A representa
tive of the United Associated Presses
asked Mr. Bryan to-night to say some
thing about the nomination of Senator
Palmer and Governor Buckner by the
sound-money Democrats, but Mr. Bryan
refused to be interviewed. He remarked
incidentally, however, that Solomon had
expressed the situation in tne seventeenth
verse, first cnapter of Proverbs, wdich
reads: "Surely in vain the net is spread in
the sight of any bird."
Montana's fusion Ticket.
BUTTE, Mom., Sept. 4.— The Demo
cratic State Convention, in session at Mis
souid, and the Populist convention this
afternoon completed the nomination of
fusion Presidential and State tickets. By
the terms of the agreement the Democrats
were given the Congressman, and by a
vote oi 278 to 132 the convention decided
to make no nomination, which is a prac
tical indorsement of Congressman Charles
8. Hartnian, the Republican who bolted
the St. Louis convention with Senator
Teller. The Populists were given the Gov
ernor, an>l nominHted Hon. Robert B.
Smith of Helena. They were also given a
Watson eleotor, with the agreement that
if Sewail has a majority in the Electoral
College the elector shall vote for him, oth
erwise the two Democrats will vote for
Watson. The remainder of a full, State
ticket was equally divided; between the
two parlies.
WILLIAM VISITS SILESIA
Emperor and Empress Partici
pate in Unveiling the Statue
of William L
His Majesty's Equanimity Disturbed
by the Antics, of a Restless
Horse.
BREBLAU. Germany, Sept. 4.— The Em
peror with the general staff and a guard
of cuirassiers arrived here at 1 :30 p. m. to
day. His Majesty was accompanied by
the Empress, who was attired in a steel
Dlue robe and wore the ribbon of the Order
of the Black Eagle. Both of tneir Majes
ties, attended by their full suits, were
welcomed by the civil and military
authorities. The weather was clear, warm
and sunny. After listening to the speecu
of welcome by President Ziedewitz the
Emperor unveiled the statue of Emperor
William I on the Zwingerplatz. His
Majesty's mem was very austere, and his
equanimity was still more disturbed by
the antics of the resdess horse which he
rode. After the unveiling ceremonies,
however, the Emperor got into a lively
conversation with President Zidewitz
upon the merits of the monument.
Piince Hohenlohe accompanied the Em
peror and looked worn and ill. A recep
tion at the City Hall followed the unveil
ing ceremonies and the Emperor and Em
press drank from a loving-cup in the hall
of the Princes, where their Majesties re
ceived the formal welcome of the city
fathers. The speech of welcome was made
by the Burgomaster and the Emperor re
plied to it, saying in the course of his
remarks:
"Silesia was won by the sword of my
great ancestor and fostered by his suc
cessors. I received Silesia as "one of the
richest and finest provinces in my king
dom, i recognize fully the historical
value of this province, which is conse
crated by near and far memories, and 1
will never relax my efforts to preserve the
precious jewel as it was inherited and
continue to have the same care for its wel
fare. I and the Empress wish the cities of
bilesia all possible prosperity."
Cholera Breaks Out Again in Cairo.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4.-A special
cable to the Herald from Cairo says:
After a long freedom from cholera in
Caiio fii'ty-iour deaths occurred during
the last three days out of sixty-one cases.
Tne sanitary "authorities are greatly
aiarme«: at this outbreak, as the cases are
widely scattered along the Khaleag canal,
traversing the city. Ail the British medi
cal officers attached to the sanitary ue
partmtm have been summoned here.
TROUBLED BY TOM
WATSON'S DEMAND
Recognition of the Populist
Vice ■ Presidential Can
didate Postponed.
IS NOT TO BE IGNORED.
But the Georgian Will Be Stood
Off Until Alter the Maine
Election.
HAS STRENGTH IN THE WEST.
Eut Senator Allen May Control the
Fusion Electoral Vote in
Sewall's Interest.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 4.— Senator
Marion Butler of North Carolina, chair
man of the Populist executive committee,
is expected back here to-morrow. Senator
Gorman is also expected to return to
morrow. Tne errand on which Mr. But
ler left Washington has been studiously
kept secret at Populist headquarters, but
it is now announced that he has been in
Georgia counseling with Tom Watson,
whose demand for recognition as Vice-
Presidential candidate has become so im
portunate that Populists have found it
impossible to ignore him any longer.
Senators Butler and Gorman will confer
shortly after their return to Washington
on some method of' quieting the obstrep
erous Watson, although there is not the
least intention on the part of the Demo
crats to make any concession to the Popu
list Vice-Presidential candidate. There is
a perfect understanding between Populist
Senators Butler and Allen and the Demo
cratic leaders. The only hitch to com
plete the abandonment of Mr. Watson is a
fear that the coming election in Maine
this month will show a most disastrous
defeat for Mr. Sewail. The Populists
under the leadership of Mr. Bateman are.
if possible, fighting Mr. Sewail and the
Democratic State ticket even more bitterly
than are the Republicans, and the outlook
is that the Democratic vote will be dis
tressingly small. Such an event will, of
course, be claimed as a victory for Wat
son, and until th 6 Maine election is ov-r it
would be impracticable to cast Mr. Wat
son aside.
Mr. Gorman's appointment as a member
of the executive committee which has just
been announced is taken as an indication
that Senator Jones has about determined
to co ahead and run the Presidential cam
paign in accordance with his own ideas,
without further reference to the wishes or
personal likes of Mr. and Mrs. Bryan.
Senator Gorman will take an active in
terest in the campaign now.
At the Gorman-Butler conference tho
situation in regard to arranging tho de
tails of fusion of Populist and Democratic
electors will be carefully gone over.
Fusion has been accomplished in nearly
all of the Western States and in all of the
middle Western States, where the battle is
to be. It looks, however, like there will
not be a union of Populists and Demo
crats in a single Southern State. Whether
this will affect the election is conjectural,
although Republicans think it will give
them several Southern States.
There will be no fusion in Alabama, un
less it is between gold Democrats and
Republicans, as is now hinted. Arkansas
Populists and Democrats have not got
together, and seem to be pulling further
apart. Complete fusion has been agreed
upon in California, and Populists get
three electors, who will vote for Watson.
There are one Populist, one silver man
and two Democrats on the ticket in Colo
rado, and all of them will vote for Sewail.
Connecticut and Delaware are not
troubled with the Populist party. There
has been no fusion in Florida and the
Populists will put out a ticket of their
own. Georgia Populists will "tote tneir
own skillet" without Democratic aid.
It is thought there will be equitable di
vision in liiaho, but Watson won't get
anything. In Illinois Populists get two
electors who will vote for Watson. Indi
ana has three Populists on their combine
ticket, and they are Watsonites. lowa
has three Populists on the combine ticket,
and they are thought to be for SewalL
All electors in Kansas are Democrats', but
are pledged to vote for the Vice-Presi
dential candidate who has the largest
number of votes.
No combination has been made in Ken
tucky, but fusion will probably be accom
plished. In Louisiana there will be no
fusion. Maine Democrats and Populists
don't mix well and have out separate
tickets. Maryland and Massachusetts
have too few Populists for the Democrats
to fuse with.
The Populists get three electors on the
Michigan ticket, and they are Watßon
men. There are four Populists on the
Minnesota ticket who are for Watson.
Missouri has not fused and may not do
so. The electors of Montana are equally
divided. The ticket in Nebraska is di
vided equally. Nevada, New Hampshire
and New Jersey have no Populists to ask
for fusion.
New York Populists are asking for two
places on the ticket and may get them.
North Carolina has done nothing for fu
sion. All North Dakota electors are Popu
lists and for Watson. The Onio ticket has
four Populists on it who would vote for
Watson. AH the combine electors in Ore
gon are Populists and are for Watson.
The Pennsylvania ticket may have one or
two Po p uli »ts on it. The Bouth Dakota
ticket is equally divided and two are for
Watson.
South Carolina has no Populists. Noth
ing has been done in Tennessee and there
wiil be no fusion in Texas unless Gold
Democrats and Republicans get together.
A combination has Been made in Utah,
but the Populists get little. Nothing has
been done in Virginia or Vermont, and
nothing is likely to be done. In Wash
ington the ticket is equally divided, two
of the electors being fpr Watson. West
Virginia will probably arrange a fusion,
and Watson will get two votes. There are
three Populists on the ticket in Wisconsin
who would vote for Watson. Wyoming
will make a combine and divide.
While this list shows that in many
"Western States Populist electors are al
leged Watson men, it is well known that
Senator Allen is absolute dictator of all
Western Populists, and none of these
Western Watson electors would hesitate a
second to abandon Watson and vote for
Sewail in the electoral college if Senator
Allen needed their votes. Meanwhile
Watson will be kept in good humor until
the Maine election shows how he is to be
handled thereafter.
KATE FIELD'S WILL FOUND.
Appoints Executors and Provides for the
Cremation of Her Body and Inter
ment of the Ashes.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4.— A Times
special from Washington says: The will
of Kate Field, who died recently in Ha
waii, was found yesterday under peculiar
circumstances. Miss Field was in t-e
habit of stopping at the Shoreham while
in the city, and on one of her visits some
time ago she left a tin box. Mr. Devine,
the proprietor, took charge of the box, in
tending to return it to her when she came
again.
After her death he waited for the ap
pointment of an executor so he could turn
over the box. Yesterday George Riddle
came to the city to qualify as administra
tor until a will should be found. He is a
cousin of Miss Field and came as next of
kin. By chance he also put up at the
Stioreham. and there he fell into conver
sation with Mr. Devine, and the latter
mentioned the fact that he had the box.
Riddle took it and sent for the Regis
trar of Wills. In their presence a lock
smith broue open the box and at the bot
tom was found the will. It appoints as
executors H. H. Kohlsaat of Chicago, her
employer at the time of her death, and T.
Sanford Beatty, secretary to Senator
Brice. As anticipated, it provides for the
cremation of her body and directs that the
ashes be interred at Mount Auburn, Mass.
Beatty was appointed her literary execu
tor. The disposal of her estate could not
be learned.
WAS DAVIES LYNCHED?
Peculiar Story Concerning the
Wrecker of an lowa
Baok.
After Escape From Jail, It Is Said
H2 Was Shot by Enraged
Farmers.
DES MOINES, lowa, Sept. 4.— Nearly a
year ago, C. O. Davies, cashier ana mana
ger of the Citizens' .Exchange Bank of
East Peru, Madison County, wrecked the
bank and disappeared with $14,000 of its
cash. He left absolutely nothing in the
little institution, which was a private con
cern. Davies had come lrom the East with
good letters and a small amount of money
and started the bank. He was located in
New York after several months, where he
was running another bank in the same
way. He was found to be an old hand at
the business. He was brought back to
Madison County and locked in jail. After
two months he and another prisoner
named Streeter escaped, digging out of
the jail.
Posses of the infuriated farmers of Madi
son County went in search and caught
Streeter, but Davies was never found, un
less the sensational story wnich has just
come out is true. It is said be was
lynched by the posse that caught Streeter.
The story ia told by a man named Ed
Jones, who is now in Omaha. He was in
the Madison County Jail at the time
Davies and Streeter escaped. He tells the
story that after Streeter was brought back
some vigilantes called on him and Jones
overboard their conversation. From it ho
learned that Streeter and Davies had been
together when the posso came upon them
in the woods. The farmers shot Davies
full of lead and then buried him. Streeter
was spared because he swore never to tell
what he knew of Davies' end.
This story has been known to ftavies'
relatives and the attorneys in the case for
two weeks, but has just become public.
The officers have been working on it and
are unable to develop much. There is
great interest in the story from the fact
that an attempt was made to lynch
Davies when he was first put in jail, and
his life was not considered worth a c«^nt if
the peopleof the county ever got hands oil
him. Streeter is now in the penitentiary
and denies the story.
MILLERS' TRUST SUSPENDS.
Caused by the Perfidy of Wealthy Mem
bers in t totaling Agreements.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 4.— The big
millers' trust, known as the Spring Wheat
Miller's Combine of the Northwest, has
closed up shop and is out of business. It
went out of existence as noiselessly as it
came into the world. It died at Minneap
olis on Tuesday. The combine, which was
formed solely for the purpose of regulat
ing the prices of flour, failed of accom
plishing its object because of the perfidy
of the large millers who cut prices indis
criminately whenever they felt like it,
being willing to pay the fine imposed by
the combine for selling under the scale
every time there was a good-sized order in
sight.
All the millers for the Northwest, with
one exception, were in the combine. The
trust was organized about nine months
ago. All of the millers agreed that the
sharp competition which was then exist
ing was ruinous to the business, and the
association was formed to do away with it.
The combination was in existence only
a short time when there were loud com
plaints that Home of the millers were se
cretly violating the agreement. These in
cluded some of the largest of the Minne
apolis mills. They acknowledged the corn
and paid their fines, and then went to
work and cut the prices again.
STEN DISH TRAMP LINCERD.
Twice Stabbed o Little Deaf Girl Be Haa
l ailed to Aubilue,
RHINELAND, Mo., Sept. 4.— Thomas
Larkin, a tramp who gave ais residence as
New York, was taken from the custody of
the Constable of this township last night
and hanged to a tree. His offense was a
fiendish one.
Wednesday night as Alia Gammon, a 13
-year-old deaf girl, was on her way home
she was attacked by Larkin. She resisted
him with all her might, and finding that
he could not subdue her he stubbed her
twice and then fled. She staggered home
and told her story.
Larkin was captured while waiting for a
freight train and taken to the Rhineland
Hotel. A hundred farmers and factory
hands soon surrounded the hotel. The
Constable urged them to let the law take
its course and they disbanded, only to
nurse their wrath.
Tiast night they came again. Admittance
was refused the crowd when it reached the
hotel by the officers guarding the prisoner.
The mob then broke the door down and
seized Larkin. He begged and prayed for
them to spare him, but they took him to a
tree near town and swung him up, where
they left him foi the Coroner to hold an
inquest to-day.
Trinle Execution at ParU, Texas.
PARIS.Tex., Sept. 4.— George T. Wheeler
(white), Silas Lee and Hickman Freeman
(colored), convicted of murder in Indian
Territory, were hanged here this morn
in?. At the request of Wheeler he was
hanged alone. He mounted the gallows
firmly. The trap was sprung at 11:16.
He was pronounced dead at 11:38.. The
negroes mounted the gallows at 12:05 and
the trup was sprung at 12:12 p. m. The
bodies were cut down fifteen minutes
later. AH three of the necks were broken.
Freeman was remarkably cool, while Lee
broke down.
MR. BY NUM SEES
FUTURE GLORY
Satisfied With the Work of
the Sound- Money Con
vention.
NO TEMPORARY AFFAIR.
Seed of True Democracy Ex
pscted to Be Productive
of Fruit.
WILL ENTEE THE CAMPAIGN.
In Sections Where the Cau?e Is Hope
less an Eiectcral Ticket Will
Not Bs Named.
INDIANAPOLIS, Inc.. Sept. 4.—Chair
man Bynum of the National Convention
of the Sound Money party announced this
morning that the headquarters would be
located in Chicago, with a branch in New
York. This decision was reached at a
conference of" the leaders in the movement
held in the qunrters of the National com
mittee iv the Grand Hotel this afternoon.
Bynum will name the executive committee
in a few days, and active work will be
done. Literature will be circulated and
speakers put in the field. Both candidates
will be called upon to make some speeches,
but no oratorical tour will be attempted.
It is conceded by the active men in the
movement that the main fight is to be
made in the States of Illinois, Indiana,
lowa, Michigan and Wisconsin, and
Chicago was decided to be the best location
from which to direct the campaign.
Mr. Bynum, when seen by a representa
tive of the United Associated Presses, was
in a happy frame of mind. He said :
"The success of the sound-money con
vention has far, far exceeded the most
sanguine expectations of its promoters. I
consider its achievement the marvel of
American political history. The organi
zation perfected is no temporary affair.
We have planted the seed of true Democ
racy, and glorious will be the productive
fruit. The banner of Democracy has been
at last properly inscribed, and we will
gallantly march behind it to ultimate
success. It is my opinion that the ticket
nominated yesterday, representing as it
does the blue and the gray, signifying
union forever, could not hare been im
proved. The character of the two men is
Deyond reproach. They represent true
soldiery and honest public servants."
In reply to a question as to how many
of the States represented in the conven
tion will place electoral tickets in the field,
Mr. Bynum said: "I think nearly every
State will do so. Of course in a few sec
tions where the cause is absolutely hope
less, no electoral ticket will be named.
We win make our fignt where it will do
the most good. Although it is too early
to give any figures of our strength, still I
believe 1,000,000 votes is a contervative
estimate of what Palmer and Buckner will
receive in November."
At a meeting of the State Central Com
mittee of the National Democratic party
to-day, a decision was reached to the effect
that it would be "inexpedient" to put a
sound money State ticket in the field.
Chairman Bynum this afternoon ap
pointed four members of the new National
Executive Committee of the National
Democratic party. They are: W. B.
Haldeman of Louisville, Ky. ; L. C. Krau
thoff of Kansas City. Mo.; if. W. M.
Cutcheon of Minnesota, and John C. Bul
litt of Philadelphia.
GREETED BY NEIGHBORS.
■nlrnrr Jirceive* an Ovation
"Upon h'eturning Home,
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Sept. 4.— An in
formal but hearty recaption was given
Senator John M. Palmer on his return
home from Indianapolis, where he was
nominated for the Presidency as the can
didate of the National Democratic party.
Although the reception was under the
auspices of the local sound-money Demo
cratic club it was non-partisan in its na
ture. Senator and Mrs. Palmer were met
at lliiopohs by a committee of citizen? of
all parties headed by Colonel N. B. Wig
gins, ex-Mayor Char:es E. Hay, State Sen
ator Shumway and C. S. Brown.
As the nominee stepped from the train
he was showered with roses thrown by the
ladies on the platform, and the compli
ment was gracefully acknowledged by
him. The party were taken in two car
riages, each drawn by four magnificent
black horses, and, followed by about 1000
citizens marching behind a band, pro
ceeded to General Pa^ner's residence,
where Senator Shu m way in a few appro
priate words welcomed the nominee in the
name of his neighbors and congratulated
him upon his nomination. Mr. Palmer
responded briefly, saying that he felt that
this demonstration in his honor was a
purely non-partisan expression of neigh
borly regard, and not even hisnomination
at Indianapolis was so pleasing to him.
Congressional Notninations.
PORT HURON, Mich., Sept. 4.— Seventh
District Democrats chose O'Brien J. At
kinson. He will probably receive the
Silver and Popuiist fusion nomination.
HOWELL, Mich., Sept. 4.— Sixth Dis
trict Democrats, Populists and Silverites
fused on Q. A. Smith.
REED CITY, Mich., Sept. 4.— Eleventh
District Democrats, Populi«ts and Silver
ites fused on Judge W. R. Ranisdell.
HARRISBURG, Pa., bept. 4.—Fonr
teentn District Republicans named M. E.
Olrnstead.
MANCHESTER, N. H., Bept, 4.-First
District, Republicans named C. A. Sullo
way.
Senator Stewart Talks.
BALTIMORE, Mb., Sept. 4 —The open
ing gun of the Democratic campaign in
this city was fired last night at Darley
Park, where 5000 persons congregated to
hear Senator Stewart of Nevada and other
well-known speakers expound the doc
trines of free silver.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winners of Events at the Fleet%cood and
ti. J.oui* Tracks.
NEW YOBK, N. V., Sept. 4.-The poor card
offered by the Fleetwood management at
tracted only n small crowd to that track to
day. In the trotting race the crowd wa« much
dissatisfied after the third heat, which was de
clared a dead heat after Van Zandt had won
by a good naif length.
The event was between the pair from the
first call, and Van Zandt anally won, but not
until she hud been hard pressed by Pace
Summaries: 6
Three-minute class, pacers, purse $1000,
Requina won. Redina second, Beresford third
Best time, 2:15.
Three-minute class, trotters, purse $1000
Van Zaudt won, Pag« second, Straight Line
third. Best time, 2:12. !
ST. LOUIS, : Mo., Sept. Seven furlong
Garland Bar won. Walnut Ridge second, Irfsh
Chief third. Time. 1:02%.
Five and a half furlongs, Juanita won
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Forsythe third
Time, 1:09^. ,/ , , ~
Six a.nd a, half furlongs, Dew Drop won
Amelia Fonso second, Aunt Susie third. Time'
1:22K- . '
Seven and a half furlongs. Sweet Favordala
won, Madeline second, Schiller third. Time
1 :34^. '
One "mile, First Chance won, Ehu Claire sen.
ond, Bridgeton third. . Time, 1:42%. * "
Six and a half furlongs, Palomucita won *1
bert S second, Earl Bug third. Time, 1:23.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of t/) $
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CLDBS.
Won.! Lost
iS~
Baltimore..'.
Cincinnati........
Cleveland .-•
Boston ......... •• - '......
Chicago
Piuwhure. •• -v •••
Philadelphia
New if or*
Brooklyn ....
Washington.
Kt. Louis.
Louisville.......
fifi
70 I
69 |
65
65
61
55
55
S3
46
35
'-»
I-Jt §3
565
1 "m 1 - 56
»9 .4s a
hO ! .489
80 .SOI
I s - .881
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 4.-Thel^
team managed to win two games mm taa
tail-enders this afternoon. In the first gam
the score was too one-sided to be intoreMiue 9
but in the second the visitors showed a" won
derful reversal of form and managed to make
things lively for the home tenni. Attendant ■«
3000. Score: Firs: game— Washington! 17
12, 3; Louisviiles 3, 5, 10. Battene«-KiM
aud Farrell; Emig and Miller. Umpire--
Lynch. Second game— Washingtons 6 10 i~
Louisviiles 5,11,0. Batteries-Mr.Tanies a>ui
Mouuire; Frazer and Dexter. Umpire— Ivn»k
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 4.-WaLce pitched
cleverly until the eighth inning, \»hen with
one run recorded, three on ba&es ana 'norm
out, he was taken out of the b >x. Yonne rZ
tired tn,e next two men, Daly being doubilTi*
up. The Brooklyns made less error- hiit
played a lifeless game. Aitenaanoe "'rwki
Score: Brooklyn*— 3, 6, 1; (Jlevelnnds-T ' io'
2. Batteries— Harper anu Grim, \Va;.<Hv'nn3
O'Connor. Umpire — Hurst.
BOSTON, Mass.. Sept. 4.— The Bostons were
again too much for St. Louis to-day, though
tne visitors made a far better showing tha-i 'n
the previous games. Hart was baud witho'it
mercy. Attendance 891. Score: Bostons— 13
17, S; St. Louis— 3, 8, 2. Batterie.— Nichols
and Bergen, Hart and .McFarlaud. Lmpirea-
Heuderf-on and Campbell.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Bept. 4.-The Phila.
delpnias deieated Pittsburjts this afternoon
in an exciting and well played >:amebyhard
bitting in the ninth. Attendance °500
Score: Philadelphia!.— s, 10, 1; Piiuburgt-3*
7, 2. Batteries— Orth aud lioyie, Hawley and
bugden. Umpire — Lally.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Sept. 4— The champion*
won the first game from Chicago to-day and
after apparently losing ti.e leeoud con
test-played to a draw. All kinds of basela 1
was presented during the aiternooii'a perform
ance, the first coutesi being one of the scrap
piest and most exciting seen here for many
uays. Anson was put out of the second Rama
for objecting too energtiienlly to ihe umpire's
rulings and a moment later was ejected ;ro:a
the grounds. Score: Firsc gau.e— Baltimore
9, 13, 3; Chicagos 4, 11, 5. Batteries— Me-
Mahon and Robinson, Griffith aad Dotiohue.
Umpire — Emslie. Second game— Balumorei
11,8,6; Chicagos 11, 10, 4. Batierles>— Hotter
and Clark, Friend and Donotiue. Umpire —
Emslie. Game called ou account oi darkness.
NEW YORK, N. Y.,Sept. 4.— The Cinc.nnatis
were easy for the New Yorks asain to-day.
Seymour went up in the air in the third inning
and was replaced by Sullivan. The game wan
called at the end of Cincinnati's .-eventrv
inning on account of darkness. Attendance
1722. Score: New Yorks 15, 12, 5: Oincm
nutis 5, 8, 2. Batteries — beymour and Wilson,
Fort-man and Peitz. Umpire— Sheridan.
Trotting Erents in Germany.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 4.— At the trotting
races to-dsy the Brandenburgec prize of 1600
marks, 2GOO meters, was won by Acanthus,
Kronz I'riuz stcond, Dattlezin third. The Al
tona race, ior 1100 maries, 2600 meters, was
won by Brunhild, with Montana Wilkes sec
ond and Forgozel third.
The exhibition prize nf 2000 marks, 3200
meters, was won by Js'cuville, Ma>y Handy sec
ond and Belle Wood third.
The Mcskan prize of 1500 marks was won by
Mizpach, with Lutsch second aud Lohengren
third.
The Laplander handicap of 1600 marks was
won by Sili x; Lohengrin finished second and
German third.
NAVY DEPARTMENT ORDERS.
Officers Detached and Transferred — Seal-
ing Poachers Captured.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 4.-The
Navy Department haa ordered Lieutenant
J. F. Parker to duty as Supervisor of New
York harbor, relieving Lieutenant-Com
mander D. Delahanty, who is ordered to
the Monterey. Paymaster W. W. Barry
has been ordered to the Mare Island Navy
yard, relieving Paymaster H. G. Skelding.
Lieutenant A. V. Wadharna has been de
tached from the Monterey and granted,
three months' leave. Lieutenant F. M.
Bostwiek has been detached from the In
dependence and ordered to the Mare
Island Navy-yard.
Captain Shoemaker, chie*f of the rev
enue-cutter service, has received a tele
pram . stating that the revenue-cutter
Perry, Captain Sni th, had captured three
schooner*, one American and two British,
for seaiine; within thft prohibited area ia
Bering Sea. Ihe British schooners were
the Ainonica and the Beatrice. They
were turned over to the commander of the
British warship Pheasant, at Unalaska,
while the American schooner, the Janiea
G. Swan, was sent to her home port —
Sitka or San Francisco — in the United
States, for trial.
free Trade With China.
LONDON. Exg., Sept. 4.— A dispatch to
to the Central News from Shanghai says
that the Government at Peking is disposed
to agree to the conditions proposed by
Lord Salisbury that in exchange for tne
increase ot the tariff by China that Gov
ernment shall concede the abolition of
transit duties and permit free trade within
the empire.
Life
Has few pleasures for those who are wast-
ing with disease, but hope and joy return
when health and strength are restored by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's PiSls E i sy t0 b «y: easy to
»»v#vm o !- li 15, take, easy to operate. 250
A
True
Standard
Is one proved by the test
of time, like the "STAND-
ARD" Shirts. California
made.
•
J Tirade I*
N.B.
I MARH IMAJOR CLARKSON
NOW COMMANDER
Grand Army Men Choose
the Omaha Veteran
for Chief. '
OTHER OFFICERS NAMED
Anti-Confederate Spirit Put to a
Test by a Resolution Re
lating to Homes.
MILES' ELEVATION IS TJKGED
Vexed Questions Relating to the Sons
of Veterans Shelved for a *
Year.
ST. PAUL, Miim., Sept 4. — Major
Thaddeus S. Clarkson of Omaha, Com
mander-in-chief; John H. Mullen, Wa
basha, Minn., senior vice-commander;
Charles W. Buckley, Montgomery, Ala.,
junior vice-commander; A. E. Johnson,
Washington, D. C, surgeon-general; Re?.
Mark B. Taylor, Mass., chaplain-in-chief,
were the ofhcers elected at the Grand
Army encampment to-day. With the in
stallation of officers, the successful en
campment of 1896 came to a close, and
then it rained hard for the rest of the day.
The encampment has not been marked
by any political or other sensation,
and tne mild contests made for the next
encampment and commander has taken
from the event much of that lively in
terest which has characterized former en
campments. There has been no com
plaint on the score of St. Paul's hospi
tality and every veteran is leaving town
feeling glad that tie came here.
Commander- in- Chief Clarkson an
nounced the appointment of C. E. Bur
meister of Omaha as adjutant-general.
His other appointments will not be made
for a few days.
A new council of administration was
elected, with a member from each State
department. Among the members are:
Arizona, J. W. Dorrington; California and
Nevada, J. K. Staler, San Francisco; Colo
rado, B. L. Carr ; Idaho, W. H. Barton ;
lowa, Lumen L. Caldwell, Decorah; Kan
sas, W. H. Smith, Marysville; Montana,
Charles S. Prague, Bozeman; Nebraska,
A. Traynor, Omaha; South Dakota, David
E. Proctor, Wilton; New Mexico, Hiram
Crampton, Santa Fe; Oregon, H. S. Allen;
Army of the Potomac, W. H. Chambers,
Washington, D. C. ; Washington and
Alaska, Thomas M. Young, Seattle; Utah,
E. W. Tatlock, Salt Lake.
The utterances of President Elliot of
Harvard University concerning the Grand
Army were resented in a report from the
committee of resolutions, which was
adopted, declaring that "while we em
phatically condemn such statements as
nnworthy and untruthful, we will not dig
nify them by a formal resolution of con
demnation."
The anti-Confederate spirit of the en
campment was put to a test by Past De
partment Commander Blodgett of Illinois,
who introduced a resolution recommend
ing the erection of a soldiers' home in the
South for Confederate army veterans. It
failed to pass the committee stage and the
Department of Illinois threw it out at its
last encampment. The project of estab
lishine; National parks on the site of the
Vicksburg|and Fredericks burg battle-fields
was strongly indorsed.
The pending bill in Congress for a me
morial bridge across the Potomac to the
Arlington National Cemetery, opposite
Washington, was not indorsed.
Scott' Post No. 49 of Colorado intro
duced a resolution providing that depart
ment commanders should call on the
ladies of the G. A. R. each Memorial day
to assist in decorating the soldiers' graves
and otherwise observing the day. This
resolution was considered in the light of
an attempt to officially recognize that
organisation as a G. A. R. auxiliary over
the Belief Corps, and it was promptly re
ferrea to the commander-in-chief. The
sentiment in favor of the latter organiza
tion is very strong in the order.
A resolution was adopted asking Con
gress to pass a law forbidding the use of
the National coat of arms and flag for
political purposes or for private gain as
either a trade-mark or label.
On motion of Cumberland Post No. 737
the encampment supported the proposi
tion to raise Major-General Nelson A.
Miles, O. S. A., to the rank of lieutenant
general.
The Sons of Veterans question was
shelved for a year on a report from the
committee on rules, by a reference of the
proposition to the Buffalo encampment.
In the meantime the plan proposed was
ordered printed and distributed among
the posts for an intelligent vote next year.
The convention of the Women's Relief
Corps elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Mrs. Agnes Hitt of Indianapolis;
senior vice-president, Miss Marie Hazen
Winkle of St. Paul; treasurer, Miss Isa
belle Bagley of Zanesville, Ohio; junior
vice-president, Miss Amelie J. Colgan of
Virginia.
The resolution that the Andersonvillc
prison site be purchased by the corps and
kept permanently in condition as a wai
exhibit was adopted.
A committee was appointed to attend to
the matter, and every member of the corps
was asked to contribute 5 cents toward the
purchase and maintenance of the fund by
the delegates present.
Mr?. John A. Logan addressed the dele
gates, advocating consolidation or affilia
tion with the ladies of the G. A. R., but
her ideas did not fall on sympathetic ears.
The rival organizations are diametrically
opposed to each other by virtue of their
organic law, and the members are equally
determined to have nothing to do with
each other officially.
The ladies of the G. A. R. finished the
election of officers to-day as follows:
Treasurer, Mrs. Flora George, Washing
ton; chaplain, Mrs. Thankful, Massachu
setts; national councillor, Mrs. Laura Me-
Nair, New Jersey.
HAS A MANTS FOF SHOOTING.
Iherefore, if Convicted, an Assassin
Mny Escape Punishment.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Sept 4 —Thomas
Davenport, a resident of the levee dis
trict, shot three times at James Halstandt
without cause to-day, but failed to hit
him. He was arrested and released shortly
after on bail. Three workmen passing his
shinty stopped to talk with Davenport
this afternoon and were fired upon re
peatedly. They scattered in all directions,
and one was found later unconscious with
two bullets in his body. It is not known
yet how seriously he is hurt. When an
attempt was made to arrest Davenport he
locked his door and sat with a gun in bis
lap ready to shoot. He was hnally per
suaded to give up and open the door.
During the shooting and the siege of the
house a large crowd gathered calling for a
rope to bang Davenport and suggesting
the burning of his shanty with him in it.
It is believed Davenport is insane, and
should his victim die he will probably
escape on that plea.
CONFEDERATE MEMORIAL.
Magnificent Building to Perpetuate the
Bistory of the Lost Cause.
CHATTANOOGA, TXSH., Sept. 4.— The
movement inaugurated by Charles Broad
way Rouss of New York to perpetuate
the history of the Southern Confederacy
and deeds of Southern bravery by erecting
a magnificent memorial building was pro
moted by the action of the board of trus
tees, whose first. session was brou ht to a
close last night on Lookout Mountain.
Corporate existence will be given the
movement by a charter obtained in Mis
sissippi for the Confederate Memorial
Association. The idea of a battle abbey
has been abandoned as impracticable and
the structure to be erected will be called
the Confederate Memorial Institute. The
board organized by electing General W T . D.
Chipley of Pensacola president. Colonel
Robert* C. Wood of New Orleans will con
tinue to act as general manager.
The next meeting was set for October 1
at Bellemead, near the home of General
W. H. Jackson. The plan for raising the
necessary funds provided for the appoint
ment of agents in each county, to make a
thorough canvass of every State in the
South. It is estimated the expenditure
will involve an outlay of $500,000 at least.
Its chief mission will be educational in
character by collecting together the cor
rect facts at issue in the history of the late
war.
STATIONARY ENGINEERS.
Elect Xational Officers and Resolve to
Entnbllth a Journal.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 4.— By a vote of
167 to 30 the convention of the National
Association of Stationary Engineers to
day adopted a resolution in favor of estab
lishing a journal of their own. At to
night's session the following officers were
elected: Past president, Charles H. Gar
lick, Pittsburg; president, John W. Lane
Jr., Providence; vice-president, C. A. Col
let, St. Louis; secretary, Frantc Dutcher,
Chicago; treasurer, Daniel Delaney, Cin
cinnati; conductor, M. G. Lally, N^w Or
leans; doorkeeper, Hugh McKay, Brook
lyn. The next meeting place will be at
Columbus, Ohio, the first Tuesday in Sep
tember, 1897;
IN JOINT DECLARATION.
Sentiment of the Foreign Dele
gates to the Irish Race
Convention.
Fair Treatment Acknowledged and a
Pledge of Unfailing Support
Freely Promised.
DUBLIN, Irelanp, Sept 4.— The foreign
delegates to the Irish Race Convention,
which conclnded its three days' session
yesterday, have issued a joint declaration,
in which they say:
We deem it our duty to record our grateful
appreciation of the courtesy and kindness
with which we have been treated here. We
came here without any bias toward any sec
tion, and with a determination to form an In
dependent opinion, based upon our own ob
servations. The delegates who were responsible
for the arrangements for holding the conven
tion scrupulously abstained from any attempts
to influence our judgment. We have kept
separate our own organization, and asked no
body connected with the home movement to
attend our conferences. We are satisfied that
the convention in its composition and its
character voiced the Irish National spirit.
We watched the proceedings of the conven
tion throughout, and heard therein the fullest
and freest possible disenssion, and we were es
pecially impressed with the unanimity that
was displayed for genuine party unity, neces
sarily involving discipline and respect for
the rule of the majority.
We record our own entire belief In unity
based upon the only foundation possible—sub
mission to the majority— and we earnestly call
npon the people to stand together for the
cause of unity and discipline in the Irish party
in Parliament. As citizens of countries engag
ing in free government, we affirm that no other
effective line is known than submission to the
rule of the majority in political organizations.
Upon returning to our homes we shall convey
to our people a sense of the magnitude, au
thority and order of the, convention, and we
pledge ourselves to give our unfailing support
to the Irish parliamentary party until self
government has been won for Ireland.
CARDINAL SATOLLI GRATEFUL.
In Appreciation of Courtesies Be Gives
a Dinner to Press Representatives.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 4.—Car
dinal Satolli is preparing to return
to Rome upon the arrival cf his suc
cessor, Archbishop Martinelli, the date
of whose arrival in this country is uncer
tain. The Cardinal has arranged to sail
early in October, but has postponed his
departure until more definite information
as to his successor is received. He has
made many friends in this country dur
ing his four years' stay and leaves with
regret. In appreciation of his courteous
treatment by the American press he gave
an informal dinner yesterday to the rep
resentatives of the press association, dur
ing which he expressed his gratitude to
the press of the United States for the kind
ness, impartiality and ability with which
they liave disseminated news pertaining
to the papal legation and the important
mission intrusted to him.
Ruin»d by Wet Weather.
COLUMBUS, Ohio., Sept. 4.— The Co
lumbus Central Street Railroad Company
went into the bands of a receiver to-day.
The company owned popular summer re
sorts outside of the city, and a wet sum
mer hurt its business very materially.
Small creditors pressed for payment of
claims which could not be met at ma
turity. The assets are 11,850,194, of which
$1,500,000 is bonded indebtedness. The
balance is in notes and oten accounts.
The property is in line condition, and the
managers claim it will pay out.
■ ■ ♦
%\Sericu*lv Shot Over a Rent Dispute.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 4.— Albert G. Cif
fert. brother of William Ciffert, West
Town Assessor, was shot and perhaps
fatally wounded to-night by Albert G.
Botham. Ciffert rents the building at 367
West Randolph street from Hetty Green
of New York ana had sub-leased it to
Botham as a storage warehouse. Botham
was behind in his rent ana it was over
this the trouble arose. The shooting oc
curred in a saloon at 363 West Randolph
street.
Shot a Wayward Daughter.
BLOOM INGTON, Ind., Sept. 4.-William
Hall shot his 18-year-old daughter to-day
because she married against his will He
then tried to kill himself. Hail went to
bis daughter's home and begged her to
leave him. She refused. The daughter
will recover, but Hall is fatally shot.
Diamond-Dealers Financially Short.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 4.-W. L.
Doilock & Co., diamond-dealers, have be
come financially embarrassed. Liabili
ties, $125,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^XL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
THIRD DISTRICT
FUSION IN DOUBT
Conference Committee Fails
to Unite Upon a
Candidate.
ENGLISH FOB CONGRESS
Chosen by Democrats, but Must
Abide by the Conferees'
Decision.
TALE OF A THIRD NOMINEE.
Roth Vann and the Vallejo Winner
Likely to Be Thrust
Aside.
VALLEJO, Cal.. Sept. 4.— A handful of
members of the Third District Democratic
Congressional Convention adjourned with
a rush at 4:20 o'clock this afternoon to
catch the boat for San Francisco, and they
had no candidate in nomination for Con
gress. Warren B. English had been
chosen by a vote of 45 to M. F. Tarpey's
17 and Edwin Swinford's 13, and then his
fate was left in the hands of a conference
committee appointed by tbe convention.
This committee met with a similar
number of men representing the People's
party in this district, who had been ap
pointed at the Populist convention in
Benicia a week ago. The joint session was
held on the stage of Farragut Hail, and
with the stars and stripes above them
and the portraits of Bryan and Sewall
beaming down upon them the conferees
argued and argued for fusion without
avail. The committee coming from the
Democratic convention had not been given
the same power accorded the Populists —
to place a third candidate in the field — and
thus lay in the dust the hopes and am
bitions of Vann and English.
Chairman Leake rapped for order at 4
o'clock and advised the committeemen to
expedite, matters, as they had but a few
minutes to stay. Chairman Montgomery
of the conference committee announced
that the committee had failed to agree;
the Populists' representatives insisted that
this committee should be given the same
power, as they had to vote upon a third
nominee. Many objections were made to
this proposition by the adherents of Mr.
English. That gentleman gained the
floor and in an eloquent speech said he
was in favor of the selection ot any person
who would work for free silver and sup
port the upholders of the silver doctrine,
William J. Bryan and Arthur Sewall. The
delegates cheered his speech, and while on
their feet ready for a run to the boat Dele
gate Montgomery moved and it was car
ried that the matter of nominating a can
didate be left with the fusion committees
of the three parties, Silver, Democratic
and Populist. Then a rush was made for
the boat.
Tha twelve disciples of Populism who
came here with the intention of bringing
the Democratic party to their terms and
succeeded were: J. Monroe, J. F. Ford,
Green Majors, R. E. Bush, of Alameda; S.
Stewart, D. F. Parker, ot Solano; J. R.
Mitchell, T. A. Gallup, of Yolo; M. B.
Elliott of Lake; J. M. Doyle of Glenn;
Jesse Poundstone of Colusa; E. A. Bunce
of Contra Costa.
Tbe twelve delegates appointed by the
Democratic convention to bring the Popu
lists to them were: Andrew Rocca of
Lake, W. H. Kelly of Glenn, W. H. Buster
of Colusa, S. P. Montgomery of Yolo, G.
W. Downing of Solano, Robert McKillican
of Alameda, J. Rossiter of Alameda, C. F.
Montgomery of Contra Costa, J. R. Pine
of Colusa, Bryan Ball of Yolo, E. C. Dozier
of Rio Vista.
The platform adopted by to-day's con
vention was short and brief. The State
and National platforms were indorsed,
and it declared for the remonetization of
silver independent of England or any
other foreign nation, at a ratio of 16 to 1.
In the vote for the nominees, Alameda
gave 16 to English and 18 to Tarpey ; Glenn
gave 4 to Swinford, Lake 2 to English and
2 to Swinford, Yolo plumped 9 at English,
Cohi3a gave Swinford 7, Contra Costa was
loyal to English with 7 votes and Solano
gave 11 for English and 1 for Tarpey.
JENNE GRANY A POPULIST.
Th* Ex-President's Hon Lost to the Re.
publican Party.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 4.— ln the
Populist convention to-day Judge J. Wade
McDonald of this city read the following
letter from Jesse R. Graut, son of the late
General Grant, espousing the People's
party cause. The letter set the conven
tion wild *with enthusiasm and tbe cheer
ing lasted several minutes. It was as
follows:
San Diego, CaL. Sept. 1, 1896.
My Dear Judge: I have noticed with much in
terest your withdrawal from the Democratic
party and espousal of the People's party. Tiiis
action meets my approval, since I have con
cluded to enroll myself in me game cause The
financial plank in the Republican platform
must drive from that purty any one who be
lieves as I do, and the auarchieal plank in the
Democratic platform must lose to it an y per
sons who believe in the protection of A"meri
can citizens at home as well as abroad. The
platform of the People's party, on the con
trary, has no objectionable principles and
seems to oner a political home any American
can proudly enter. Yours truly, '
Jesse r. Grant.
Mr. Grant has been heretofore a Repub
lican. Judge McDonald is a very recent
convert to Populism lrom the Djmocratic
ranks.
FUSION IN SAN DIEGO.
Democrats and Populists Combine on a
County lirl.et}
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. I.— The Demo
cratic and Populist County Convention
finished its labors this evening and
agreed to fuse on nominations. The mat
ter was easy of accomplishment in the
Democratic Convention, but the Populists
had a warm fight among themselves over
the proposition. Tne Democrats nomi
nated V. E. Shaw and Colonel j. W.
Hughes for the Superior Court, and J. A.
Jasper for Supervisor in the Third District
allowing the Populists to name both As
semblymen and the remaining two nomi
nees for Supervisors. These were A. C.
Jones for Assemblymen in the Eighth Dis
trict, comprising this city; J. L. Dryden
from the Seventy-ninth District, compris
ing the remainder of the county; Benja
min Lake for Supervisor in the First Dis
trict and R. L. Boaz Supervisor in the
Second District. Each convention after
ward met and ratified the entire ticket.
SOUND-MONEY LEAGUE FORMED.
Los Angeles Business Men. Will WorH
for Republican Success.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 4.— The old
quarters of the California Club w.-re
packed this evening by the business men
and leading citizens of Los Angeles, gath
ered to organizes business men's sound
money league. George H. Stewart was
made chairman of the organization and
J. T. Van Rensaer secretary. A motion
prevailed for an executive committee and
finance committee of ten, to be hereafter
announced by the chair. Frank Flint of
the Republican State Central Committee
invited the newly designated committee
to co-operate with his party during the
campaign, and a motion to that effect was
carried.
A. A. Courtney of the Russ Lumber
Company was the first speaker. Mr.
Courtney has just returned from silver
Mexico, and in a plain business man's
manner exploded the numerous theories
about the prosperity of our neighboring
republic He said there was destitution,
squalor, dirt and rags in every part of the
country; that the average wage was only
37^ cents a day, that out of 13,000,000 of
population only 1,000.000 were in comfort
able circumstanc s; that there were many
stranded and destitute foreigners who had
been misled into eoing thither by false
statements as to the prosperity there, and
who would gladly return if they could
do so.
Courtney was followed by W. C. Patter
son, president of the Chamber of Com
merce; A. H. .Naftzeer, Hon. W. A. Har
ris and Colonel J. Deleur.
LOS ANGELES PRIMARIES.
Candidates Favoring Short ridge for
United States Senator Will Be Chosen.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 4.— The Re
publican primaries will be held to-uior
row. Hervey Lindley will have a major
ity of the delegates to the convention,
although some slight opposition has de
veloped in several of the wards. R. N.
Bulla will probably be nominated for
State Senator. Six Assemblymen and one
Senator will be chosen.
The indications are that Bamuel M.
Shortridgtj will be favored for United
States Senator by a majority of theie, and
as the two hold-over Senators will b9 in
structed similarly, the chances of the San
Francisco gentleman for receiving all of
the nine votes from this section are very
good.
While Lindley may not go into the con
vention with a clean-cut majority, he will
have hip forces so well marshaled as to be
able to hold together and to swing the few
opposing factions into line.
Pasadena Caucuses.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 4.—Republi
can caucuses were held last evening at
the Wigwam. The following gentlemen
were chosen from the eight city precincts
to be voted upon at the primaries on Sat
urday as delegates to the coming Repub
lican" County Convention : P. P. Boynton,
W. S Lacey, Herman Dyer, L. P. Craw
ford, T. D. Allin, D. D. Kellogg, B. W.
Diehl. J. C. C. Jackson, John Peaslee,
John McDonald, N. S. Wright, E. Lockett.
M. C. Hester, George D. Patton, M. L.
Clark, J. D. Nash. F. 8. Wallace, B. W.
Halm, F. W. Harris, W. E. Arthur,
George T. Downing, J. W. Wood, John
Cox, J. A. Buchanan, Charles Wooster, J.
G. Goss, S. Washburn, T. Banbury, R. H.
Williams, C. W T . Swan, A. L. Manaban,
James Clark, T. S. Greene, C. H. Rhodes,
Thomas Sherman.
lUndera's Free-Silver Club.
MADERA. Cal., Sept. 4.— The silver
men of Madera held a meeting last night
and completed an organization, with
officers composed equally of Democrats,
Populists and Free-silver Republicans.
Owing to the complications arising over
the question ot fusion the formation of
clubs throughout the county has been de
layed, but tneywill now be put into active
working order. The officers of the club
are as follows: Robert L. Hargrove (Pop. ),
president; E. L. McCardle (D. ), vice-presi
dent; Walter Sharp (F. S. X.), secretary;
William Krohn (D.), treasurer.
Santa Maria Kepublican*.
SANTA MARIA, Cal., Sept. 4.— The
Republicans of Santa Maria were out in
force this evening. The McKinley and
Hobart Club was organized with over 100
members, including the leading citizens
and business men of the town. Perma
nent officers are: Samuel btado, president;
J; F. Lyoit, secretary; J. F. Goodwin,
treasurer. Committees were appointed to
arrange for speakers'. Congressman Mc-
Lachlan will open the campaign here next
Wednesday night.
fortutia Jiepublicans Organiz-.
FORTUNA, Cal., Sept. 4.— A McKinley
club with 114 members was organized last
night at Fortuna. I. C. Bush is president;
George Lane, secretary; George Williams,
treasurer. Many prominent citizens from
the southern part of Humboidt County
were in attendance. Hon. J. F. Thompson
made a stirring speech and was followed
by J. N. Gillett and T. L. Selvage ot Eu
reka.
Sonoma County Primaries.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 4.— The Re
publican Central Committee of Sonoma
County met last night to arrange for a
primary election to select delegates to the
County Convention. It was decided to
hold tbe primaries on September 15, and
the convention will meet at Sebastopol on
September 18.
THAI WHALE HARPOONED
Four Adventurous Tacomans Are
Towed All Night by the
Leviathan.
Witb Cold Steel in His Body the Mon
ster Leads His Enemies a
Merry Chase.
TACOMA, Wabh., Sept 4.— Soon after
midnight Tuesday night a whaling party,
consisting of Charles Alger, H. H .Alger,
Carl Evans and Mr. Purple, succeeded in
sticking the first harpoon into the levia
than that has made Henderson Bay his
home for two months past. They had
been chasing the monster all night.
The whale made off at terrific pace, and
it looked as though the adventurous occu
pants of the boat would be towed out to sea.
They pluckily stayed with their end of
the line, however, and at 6:30 in the
morning managed to land another har
poon where it would do the most good.
This set the big mammal going again.
These tactics were pursued all day yester
day. Whenever their captive would get
calm enough to invite closer acquaintance
the hunters would gradually shorten space
between them and look for a lavorable op
portunity to reach the vital parts with
lances. During the day other boats joined
the procession, the whale at one time fur
nishing motive power for a string of four
boats.
When the whale was lanced last night a
big stream of blood spurted three feet
into the air. The loss of biood weakened
him and lor a while his pace was slower,
but at times he would resume his rapid
gait All last night the hunters were
towed and when last seen this morning
they were still pursuing. It is believed
that the whale will be towed into port
before morning. His oil is supposed to
be worth $2000.
Bishop Montgomery's Ordination.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 4.— Bishop
Montgomery will soon be installed head of
the diocese of Los Angeles and Monterey,
the ordination being announced to occur
at the Cathedral next Sunday. It will be
marked by all the pomp usually attendant
upon such ceremonies.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 4.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $102,291,114. The
withdrawals of gold at New York were
$125,100.
TALKING TOURNEY
AT SACRAMENTO
The Dates for Campaign
Speeches at the Fair
Announced.
TELLER MAY NOT COME.
Nothing Definite Received From
the Coloradan Regarding
His Visit
ATTENDANCE GROWS LARGER.
The Pavilion Crowded With Sight
seers at Night— Young America
and the Police.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 4.— The
programme tor the talking tournament,
or politico-intellectual treat of the State
Fair, was suddenly remodeled to-day. It
was spread over the entire fair. Tbe ad
dresses themselves will certainly de
termine whether the people of Sacra
mento and the strangers within her gates
will bear both sides of political differences.
The board of directors, it is said, has tried
to steer clear of partisanship, and will give
representative orators of both parties a
show.
Congressman James G. Maguire will
talk first. He will speak next Monday
morning in the pavilion, from 10 to 12
o'clock, on "Free Coinage of Silver and
Its Relation to Labor." The address is
fixed for the forenoon, so that it will
not interfere with the attendance at the
racetrack in the afternoon.
On the following Monday morning
Judge J. G. Swinnerton will speak at the
same place and time on "A High Pro
tective Tariff and Its Relation to the Wel
fare of the People of California." The
next speech will be made on September 16
by D. E. McKinlay of Santa Rosa on "The
P'ree Coinage of Silver Without Interna
tional Agreement and Its Relation to the
Welfare of the People of California." Dur
ing the same week there will be a woman's
suffrage speech by a lady champion, who
has not yet been determined upon. This
intellectual innovation at a State fair is
expected to draw large crowds.
Senator Henry M. Teller of Colorado,
who walked out of the St. Louis conven
tion, was expected to speak for free silver
during the fair, but nothing has been
heard from him definitely on the subject.
To-night the largest crowd of the season
inspected the sights at the pavilion. The
pavilion has never lacked anything since
it opened to mate it resemble a real live
fuir but spectators, and to-night they
were supplied. The people are beginning
to come, and when they get there they
are glad they did not put off the visit
longer. Every exhibit is in apple-pie
order, and there is as ranch to see in the
pavilion now hs there will be next week or
the last weeK of the iair, barring that
familiar barnyard fowl, the great Ameri
can chic Ken. It will come next wee*.
The scene is unusually brilliant to
night. The electric liehts.in their many
colored globes, are almost countless. It
is doubtful if any other exhibition ever
held in California hag been as well lighted.
The groups of people before the exhibits
and the bandstand are what set orf the
scene. The atmosphere was mucn cooler
this evening, and that had the effect of
bringing the crowds out. In the gallery
were row after row of faces gazing down
on the brilliant spectacle below.
The pavilion is plentifully policed.
There is a night watch of six men and a
day detail of a larger number. Only one
thing has been stolen so far, and that is a
pen-picture or a girl from the collection of
a business college. The police are having
occasional hard times with the small boy.
He seems capable of slipping into tire
building through holes that would ex
clude a drop of rain. This evening Young
America, in his incapacity to resist the
attractions of the interior of the big build
ing, came through the roof and was slid
ing down an archway to the gallery when
spied by a vigilant officer.
Numerous watchmen are distributed
throughout the building in the daytime
and in the evening to see that none of the
exhibits are unduly fondled. The men in
the horticulture and viticulture depart
ment perspire heavily in their efforts to
keep the small boy from connecting him
self with the fruits and nuts.
This department grows in beauty each
passing day. More tall, graceful palms
have been added, and the scene is nearly
tropical in its beauty. The long, white
tables, laden with fruit in such variety,
quality and quantity as only California
can produce, resembles a vast banquet
hall ready for its guests. The exhibit of
wines on one side of this section is also
quite extensive. The collection of nuts is
almost irresistible and strong enough to
break a pair of handcuffs. The peaches
themselves blush in their plump cheeks at
the picture of beauty that they make.
Several well-arranged displays of min
eral water are among the exhibits. They
shine like columns and pyramids of crys
tal in the brilliant light.
A firm that converts the American hog
into the juicy ham has caught onto the
craze of the hour in advertising its ex
hibit. Of course the hams and their
labels are in evidence, but conspicuous
among them is a bicycle, which will be
awarded to tbe dehehted person who
buys the successful ham. This is her
alded as the chance of a lifetime for peo
ple who are fond ot hog and wheels.
Very fine displays of carriages and all
models of vehicles are made by two Sacra
mento manufacturers. They are A.
Meister & Sons and J. F. Hill. Groups of
vehicles glittering in new varnish are the
first thing the visitor sees from the main
entrance. /
Another very attractive hardware dis
play is that of L. L. Lewis & Co. In order
to maije the competition hotter in the
hardware line and to catch the eyes of the
crowd, they have two brilliantly illum
inated stoves in a high position doing
business as industriously as though it
were the night before Christmas and the
mercury ranging down at the point in the
effete East where huge base-burners are
popular and never allowed to go out from
November to May.
Cassassa's band introduced a novelty to
night which brought delicate blushes to
the cheeks of the young ladies and caused
the proud swains to smile with unusual
emphasis. In the overture was a selection
entitled "Sweet Kisses."
After several very rhapsodizing stanzas,
Vallstedf, the composer, suddenly turns
from the ballroom into the conservatory,
and there is where the title comes in. It
being less difficult and perhaps more to
the taste to imitate osculation in the
natural way than with the bass drums and
the tuba, the band did it that way. The
clarionets and the piccolos added their
shriil scream, to w; ich Tobin, who is a
married man, added the deep, the tingling
and the luscious melody of the only trom
bone. There was a momentary interlude
of shy glances from bright eyes behind
fans in the gallery, unanimous applause,
and then "the band played on."
Several local photographers have made
their skill appear to fine advantage on
the side walls of the gallery. Sacramento
interest is riveted to them by several life
size crayons of society belles and intellec
tual young ladies. The complete directory
of a local brewery is a prominent photo
graphic display on the boundary of the
art gallery.
The sewing-machine agent was in his
glory to-night. . There was somebody to
talk to. He backstitched and hemmed in
roost fantastic style, and being the latest
improved twentieth-century sewing-ma
chine agent he nearly mesmerized his
audience, and nothing but the absence of
a delivery-wagon prevented several sales
on the installment plan. One sewing
machine agent has rigged up a dummy
which performs contortions, to the in
tense delight of the littie girl, the small
boy who came in through the roof and
grown persons who never get too old to
smile.
The electric exhibits attract a great
deal of attention. An electric tea-kettle,
which boils water in four minutes by the
watch and will cook eggs while you are
dropping them in, is the admiration of
the ladies. Altogether the electric inno
vations of the Pavilion are many, and one
of its chief features.
The dairy exhibit. which will be a practi
cal and educational one, will be in opera
tion next week.
The Native Sons' Parlor of Sacramento
gave a parade to-night on J and X streets,
It had ten carriages, with four and six
horses in hand, and impressed th* strangers
in the city with its number and fine ap
pearance besides reminding Sacramentans
of the excursion they are going to give to
Stockton.
Isaac Banyakar objects to the statement
that he is an Armenian. He is an Egyp
tian, and is as proud of his nativity as he
is of his ancestry, Banyakar traces the
line of his ancestry back to the Pharoahs
and vows that some of bis relatives were
present at the feast of Antony and Cleo
patra.
POCATELLO FATALITY.
A Child's Frightful Death From Play
ing With a Bonfire.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Sept. 4.— A sad
accident at this place yesterday resulted
in the death of Samuel Arney, the
four • year - old son of Judge Arney.
He and two playmates found a dynamite
cap of 500- pounds pressure and proceeded
to build a bonfire over it to hear the ex
plosion. The fire did not progress rapialy
and a can of kerosene was brought into
requisition, and- while pouring it on the
fire the cap exploded, throwing oil all
over the little fellow, who was immedi
ately enveloped in flames. The public
school children witnessed tbe horrible
scene and rushed to his assistance, but it
was too late. He was frightfully burned
about the body and died after two hours
of terrible agony.
FIGHTING AT SANTA CRUZ
Two Sham Battles in One Week
Between Companies of
Regulars.
"The Browns" Capture a Provision
Train Front "The Blues" After
a Hot Fight
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 4.— Santa
Cruz at present is just in tbe throes of a
military mania. Anything ala militaire
is fashionable. For the second time this
week the foothills of the northern portion
of Santa Cruz have been the scene ol a
fashionable gathering of residents and
visitors to witness a sham battle, and a
sham battle between the troops of the
First Infantry, the oldest regiment in the
service, Having been established in 1786,
and in whose ranks Zachary Taylor, Sam
Houston, Jeff Davis, General Phil Sheri
dan and General Pike served, means a
glorious fight and a stubborn battle.
The base of operations was in and
around the city reservoir reserve, undu
lating land, with here and there a promi
nent mountain, being well adapted for the
purpose. The contending parties were
known as "The Blues" and "The
Browns."
The Blues' three companies. In com
mand of Lieutenant Ferris, were to escort
a provision and ammunition train through
High street to Camp Garneld. The Browns
were the attacking party.
Four companies were under command
of Lieutenant Croxton and the skillful
maneuvers of his men, and the successful
interception and capture of the train, were
watched by hundreds perched upon the
points commanding a view of the battle
field.
This "Battle of the Reservoir," as it has
now passed into local history, was unu
sually interesting from the fact that both
officers in command were young and
popular and this was a trial battle
watched with breathless interest by
numerous admirers of these officers from
Angel Island and Benicia, where they
were favorites of society.
The duty developing upon Lieutenant
Ferris of protecting his train was an
arduous and risky one; the odds were
against him from the start, as he had to
act upon the defensive in the valley below
the reservoir, while the enemy gradually
surrounded him and could from the
heights nave decimated his entire force.
Only by most careful judgment was the
battle won, and Lieutenant-Colonel Evan
Miles has every reason to be proud of his
men and his officers.
Following the sham battle yesterday
the officers welcomed the citizens of Santa
Cruz, and the citizens in turn enjoyed the
concert given by the band of the First
Infantry. It has been years since such an
encampment has gained such popularity.
Its strict military regime during drill
hours and its hearty weicome to its civil
ian friends has been the means of drawing
all Santa Cruz society to Camp Garneld.
FIREBUGS AT HOLLINEER.
Flames Come Front Different Places in
a Large Bay lard.
HOLLIBTER, Cal., Sept. 4.— Fire was
discovered in a pile of 100 tons of baled
hay in the yard of the Farmers' Hay
Company last night. Wnile the firemen
were at work flames were seen starting
out of hay piled on the east annex to tne
mammoth hay warehouse, and after lively
work they were subdued. The warehouse
contained 3000 tons of hay, and the build
ing with iis contents was valued at $35,
-000. Loss $700; no insurance. The fire
was incendiary, and a big reward has been
offered by the citizens. Armed watchmen
and police deputies have been sworn in
and summary vengeance will be dealt out
to firebugs if caught.
To Explore Guano Deposit*.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Sept. 4. — The
schooner McPherson, Captain Carter,
has left on an exploring trip for the
guano deposits in the Gulf of California,
and will sail thence for Hawaii, where a
market for the fertilizer has already been
established by Captain Carter. The vessel
expects to reach Honolulu October 15.
Suicide at liedusnod City.
.REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept. 4. -Mrs.
Virgine Sarrat committed suicide yes
terday by taking a dose of strychnine.
She was a native of France, aged 52
years. She was the wife of Matthieu
Sarrat, a saloon-keeper, and had been a
resident of this city for many years.
From Bakersfleld to San Quentin.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 4.— lsa-
belle Molina and William Tracy were sen
tenced to San Quentin by Judge Conk
lin, the former to one year for assault
to murder and the latter to two years for
burglary. Both pleaded guilty.
DEADLY DUEL IN
ROSASCO WON
Hugh McMillan's Story of
the Killing of M. 0.
Swan.
FOUGHT WITH SHOTGUNS
Desperate Battle Following a
Quarrel Between the
Prospectors.
CONFESSION OF THE VICTOR.
The Body of His Adversary Buried in
the Mountains — Sentenced to
Life Imprisonment,
SONORA, Cal., Sept. 4.— Hugh McMil
lan, the miner who murdered M. O. Swan,
with whom he was prospecting in the Jaw
bone country, in Rosasco canyon, last
June, was sentenced to-day by Superior
Judge Nicol to imprisonment for life at
San Quentin. McMillan on Tuesday made
the following confession :
I got acquainted with Swan at Brown's Flat,
this county. I told him I had just come from
the Dorsey mine, and he asked me if I was
going into that country again, and asked what
show there would be to get a job there. I told
him I thought be would stand a good chance,
and that I was going there again as soon as I
could buy a couple of burros. He asked if ha
could go with me and I told him "Yes."
We bought two burros and started out and
went up Eagle Creek and over to Little Mead
ows and camped. The next day we went to
the north tork of the Tuolumue River and
camped. We had a quarrel. He told me he
thought 1 did not know anything about pros
pecting and that we were out of the mining
belt, and hard words passed between us. I
offered to give him $10 and let him go. He
would not do it. The next day we went on to
Lord's place, and the next day we went over
to the middle fork of the Tuolumne, where wo
had some difficulty in crossing. Swan lost
some of his clothing and came near drowning.
I had crossed the stream with the burros and
he started to come over. The current was so
strong that he lost his footing and got back
on the same side again. I then went up the
stream and found a log crossing and went over
and got him up to the crossing. The water
was running over the center of the log. He
was very timid about crossing on it, and I
packed his gun and overalls over and then
helped him over.
• We lost the regular trail and went on an
old, dim cattle trail, and about 4 o'clock we
camped. I went to work to unpack the ani
mals and he laid down. Then I started to get
supper. After we had eaten supper I went to
work and loaded a muzzle-loading gun that I
had. It was leaning against a tree and his
gun against another tree about ten feet off. I
started to see if 1 could find a trail leading to
what I thought was the south fork of the
Tuolumne River. Seeing his gun was the
shorter and handier to carry through the
brush I asKed him if I could taka it. He waa
agreeable, so I took it and was gone about an
hour and a half.
When I got back to camp I put the gun in
the same place I had taken it from. 1 told hi&»
I had not found the trail. He said: "You
haven't found it and you don't intend to find
it." I said to him: "Now, I don't, want to
quarrel with you." He grabbed my gun and I
jumped to the tree and grabbed his gun. He
fired as I was going around the tree, and I
fired at him as quick as I got around the tree
to see him and shot him in the stomach. He
loaded the gun and turned partly around, and
I then shot him in the head. He fell to the
ground on top of the gun.
After a few minutes I took the gun from
under him and found that both barrels had
gone off. They must have been discharged at
the same time, as I heard only one report. I
waited about half an hour, not knowing what
I had best do, and concluded to bury him. So
I picked out a place about 150 yards off and
dug a hole and packed the body there and
buried it. His clothing that was in a sack I
kept and all his other clothing I burned up.
I tnen packed up my animals and left tho
place and was lost in the woods for three days
before I got back to Lord's place. I then came
to Sonora and went on down to Mariposa
Count;-, and was arrested a few days later by
Sheriff Lee Price and James Donohue.
The defendant is thoroughly well sat
isfied with the outcome of his case and
beiieves himself very lucky in saving his
neck.
Vallrjo Enthusiasm.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 3.— The first local
Republican meeting of the campaign was
held in Farragut Theater last evening.
Addresses were made by Senator Perkins
and I. A. Hosmer, Assistant District At
torney of San Francisco, he appearing in
place of District Attorney Barnes, who
was unavoidably absent. Prior to the
meeting bonfires were lighted and the
Independence band played in front of tbe
theatar. in which every seat was occupied.
J L 1 LOW is your liver? If
•■■■mS EESfflßßsSyour liver is in bad
condition, if your stomach is in disorder,
if you are suffering from constipation,
you will find it best to get ready relief, and
you will if you get.
Wm^^mt/wfehr^
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPJKN USTXt MIDMIUUI.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAGS
WILL CLOSE FOR THE SEASON
ON SEPTEMBER 15, 1896.
GEORGES SCHONWAID,
Manager.
34
ITINERANTS' CLUB
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Christian Classes Gather in
the City Among the
Pines.
CAMPING UNDER CANVAS
Large Attendance of Young Men
Who Aspire to Become
Ministers.
PREPARING FOR EXAMINATIONS
Those Who Pass the Test Will Be
Seated in the Methodist
Conference.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., B«pL 4.— The
summer city among the pines is fast fill
ing with young men, embryo ministers,
who this year meet as members of the
Itinerants' Club, that preparatory school
to the California Conference of the Meth
odist church, and who next year will be
full-fledged members of the higher rev
erend body. Conference weeK is the event
of the year for a large number of those
who live here and all the sessions of both
the Itinerants' Club and the conference
are largely attended.
The session to-day was held in Assembly
Hall of the Methodist Church on Light
house avenue. In the absence of Rev. W.
S. Bovard, the president, who is in the
East, Rev. C. E. Pettis, D.D., vice-presi
dent of the club, presided. About fifty
ministers answered the rolloall at the pre
liminary meeting yesterday and nearly
double that number attended to-day's
session. A great many more will be here
before the close of the meeting on Tues
day next. The members are all camped
in tents on Eighteenth street. Most of the
married ministers bring their families
with them. This year there are already
about 250 people domiciled in these quar
ters' and in cottages.
Rev. Mr. Pettis, in his preliminary ad
drees before tne members of the congrega
tion assembled at the opening of the ses
sion, briefly outlined the causes for this
club organization, the extent of its re
searches, the good from such an organiza
tion to its members and the benefit it was
to the Methodist Church. He particularly
impressed the members with the idea that
this year's session was an important one.
The work would consist of discussions on
sbme points of vital importance to the
ministry, the improvement of young
members of the California Conference so
they might De ably fitted for the work al
lotted to them when this general body
convened next week. Another point on
which Dr. Pettis dwelt more particularly
was the examination classes. These,
he said, were for ministers who wish to be
admitted to the conference this year or
next, and therefore had to pass the rigid
examination required by the examining
board before admission to the general
body could be obtained.
The examination class met at 1 p. v. to
day and remained in executive session
until nearly 6p. m. Rev. A. H. Needham,
pastor of the M. E". Church at this place,
who is also secretary and treasurer of the
Itinerants' Club, presided.
The evening session convened at 7:30,
Rev. Mr. Pettis in the chair. After song
service and discussion of several minor
subjects by members of the club Rev. A.
H. Needham introduced Rev. F.F.Jewell,
who delivered a popular lecture entitled
"The Pastorate, the Highest Calling in
the World." Assembly Hall was crowded
with people who wished to hear Dr. Jewell
in his masterly effort. He imbued all
members of the club with new life and de
termination, and charmed his hearers
with his eloquent delivery.
To-uiorrow afternoon will be devoted to
class work. In the evening Rev. J. N.
Beard, D.D.. will lecture on "Ministers
and Sociology."
PARKER CONTEST AT SAN JOSE.
The Taking of Testimony Begun in the
Second Trial— Delmas Wins
a Point.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 4.— The taking
of testimony in the second trial of the
Parker will contest was begun this morn
ing. By agreement the testimony of Ellen
W. Law, given at tbe first trial of the
cause, was allowed to be read, it being
stated that it was impossible for the wit
ness to be present in court at this time on
account of the illness of her busband.
Just before the noon recess a point was
reached in the testimony being read by
Attorney Nicholas Bowden to which Mr.
Delmas objected. The particular ques
tion and answer is one relating to George
H. Parker's close friendship and love for
his sister, Jane Pomeroy, and the influ
ence it is alleged she had over him and
her bitterness toward Emma Parker, the
contestant.
In point of time the question relates
hack to 1873, some ten or fifteen years
before the will was made. Mr. Delmas
urged that the time was so remote that the
question and answer should be stricken
out.
After an extended argument the point
made by Mr. Delmas was ruled by the
court to be well taken, and the question
and answer that were objected to in the
testimony were ruled out.
At the conclusion of the proceedings this
afternoon the further hearing of the case
was continued until next Tuesday morn
ing.
THIRTY MINUTES OF FREEDOM.
I'Msoner Kelly's Jump for lAberty and
Subsequent Jtecapture.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 4.— Herbert Kel
ley, a self-confessed burglar, escaped from
Deputy Sheriff Headen this morning
while being taken to Judge Lorijjan's
courtroom for sentence, and enjoyed his
freedom for about a half hour. Kelley
asked permission to go into tbe lavatory.
The room is on the second floor of the
Hall of Records. Headen remained on
watch at the door while Kelley entered.
As soon as the prisoner had entered and
closed the door, be climbed onto a wash
stand and through a window, an<l jumped
to the ground on the St. James street side,
a distance of 18 feet.
Afttr waiting a reasonable time Headen
entered the room to look for Kelley and
found him not. Headen gave the alarm,
and officers started out in all directions.
Deputy Sheriff Gardner captured the man
in the Los Gatos Creek, where he was bath
ing his feet, which had been injured in
jumping onto the pavement.
Kelley, who is a morphine fiend, was
arrested about two months ago for looting
the Independent Mill. He confessed the
crime, and also to having looted the Brown
warehouse on San Pedro street of several
hundred dollars' worth of household
(roods. When arraigned he pleaded guilty
to two charges of burglary in the second
degree.
After his capture to-day Judge Lorigan
sentenced Kelley to fourteen months in
San Quentin for the Brown burglary.
Sentence on the other charge was contin
ued to September 14.
— m
SAYS HE WILD COMMIT SUICIDE.
William Stannard's Letter to the Wife
Whom Re Deserted.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 4.— William H.
Stannard, who came to this city with his
wife about six months ago from Colum
bus, Ohio, has deserted the woman, leav
ing her In a destitute and delicate condi
tion. When he arrived Stannard pur
chased the Green Tree Saloon on the Ala
meda. The venture proved unsuccessful,
and about two months ago he was forced
to close the saloon. He and his wife then
went to Irvington, where he secured tem
porary employment. A week ago they
returned to this city and engaged rooms
at the Oakland lodging-house.
Stannard left home on Tuesday evening
in search of work, saying he would return
last evening. He failed to put in an ap
pearance, but Mrs. Stannard received a
letter from him, dated at Oakland. In nis
letter Stannard professes his great love
for her, and then tells her she will never
see him again, ana intimates he will take
his own life.
The Stannards were married in Colum
bus, Ohio, about two years ago.
Friends will endeavor to raise sufficient
money to send Mrs. Stannard to her home
in Ohio.
SANTA BARBABA STARTLED.
An Unfortunate Daughter of Reformer
GH landers Tells of Imaginary
Persecutions.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 4.— A
refined and well-educated young Scotch
woman, calling herself Isabel Gillanders,
is walking tbe streets of Santa Barbara
modestly selling picture cards and telling
a most sensational story of her experi
ences. She states that she is the daughter
of the reformer and missionary, John Gil
landers, now deceased, and that she has
lived in Australia the greater part of her
life, coming to San Francisco from Queens
land six months ago.
Liiss Gillanders states that she took
lodgings in various respectable quarters
of San Francisco, specifying certain places
on Mission, Powell and Larkin streets,
but that everywhere she went she was
followed by people who were trying to
kill her. Moreover, she found that almost
all the people In Ban Francisco were out
of their minds.
This was especially the case with all of
her fellow-lodgers, who would appear
well-behaved and rational during the day
but were possessed by frenzies every
night, destroying her sleep with their rav
ings. The persecutions to which she was
subjected grew so malignant that finally
one night the house in which she lived
was surrounded by a mob which had gath
ered to lynch her, all of the stores on Mar
ket street being closed to enable the shop-
Keepers to join the murderous mob. She
escaped its vengeance by hiding in her
closet, but pipes were introduced into her
room from the insane asylum to pollute
the air she breathed with* tbe fetid breath
of tbe insane. As a crowning outrage an
attempt was made to prove that she was
out of her mind and to commit her to an
asylum, and she was obliged to leave the
city to escape the clutches of her enemies.
All of these stories the poor woman tells
with the most serious conviction. She is
convincing many unworldly people of the
truth of her plaint. An inquiry as to her
sanity will be made.
LOS ANGELES ABDUCTION
Pretty Bernardino Ruiz Carried
Away From the Home
of Her Mother.
Borne From the House in Her
Lover's Arms Despite the
Parent's Struggle
Los Angeles Office of the Call,)
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angkles, Cal., Sept. 4. j
A unique and sensational case of abduc
tion was brought to the attention of the
police authorities here to-day. An adven
turer named Albert 0, Rosco had kid
naped the 13-year-old daughter of Widow
Ruiz right before her mother's eyes. The*
little miss is named Bernardino Ruiz, and
she was apparently a willing victim. The
family reside near Rivera station on Rail
road street. The abduoted child is pro
nounced a perfect type of Spanish beauty.
Rosco has resided with the Ruiz family
for some time, and had been paying
marked attention to little Bernardino
against her mother's will. Yesterday
afternoon Rosco and the Ruiz girl went to
the County Clerk's office, and by means
of perjury succeeded in getting a marriage
license. Ruiz advised the girl to swear
falsely to her age.
The mother, learning of this, remon
strated and Rosco attacked her. Rosco
commanded the girl to array herself in her
best clothes, end then took her in his
arms and, despite the struggles of her
mother, carried her out of the house and
disappeared in the darkness. The mother
declares that the marriage license is only
a "bluff," and that Rosco does not intend
to marry her daughter. Even if he so de
sired the child is too young. Officers have
been scouring the country all day, but not
a trace of the couple has been found.
Little is known of Rosco. He does not
appear to have any visible means of
support.
SHOT A GRIZZLY BEAR.
Success of a Lob a ngeles Hunter in the
I'iru Mountains.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 4.—Return
ing hunters from the wilds of the Piru
Mountains, in Ventura County, report the
slaughter of a grizzly by one of the party.
The hunters were: Detective Bennett, E.
P. Benedict and "W. Cackerton, of this city,
and Nate Stone and J. Stone, of Fillmore.
J. Stone killed the bear. He was follow
ing a deer when he spied Mr. Grizzly.
Stone fired and knocked him down with a
bullet in the back. The> animal was up
again, and again Btone fired, this tim«»
sending him rolling with a ball under tho
ri^'lit iorele». The animal gained his feet
once more, but a bullet in tbe head settled
him. When the grizzly was cut up three
old Duilets were found in him, having evi
denily been fired into his tough carcass
by maiksmen in past years. The bear
weighed nearly 600 pounds.
Santa Jiosa's Water Supply.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 4.-E. B.
Preston, the well-known mining engineer
connected with the State Mining Bureau,
has just finished an examination of Santa
Rosa's water supply. Mr. Preston says
that, from all indications, the city has an
abundant supply of water. He believe*
the source is a prehistoric stream, as the
gravel shows volcanic origin, but exactly
where It comes from is a matter of con
fecture.
('hooting Sausalito's Queen,
BAUSALITO Cal., Sept. 4.-The voto
for carnival queen stands as follows tins
evening: Miss Becker 185, Miss Anbjorn
son 176, Miss Gorman 117, Miss Raisch 107
Miss Heyfron 52, Miss P. Wooser 46 Miss
Henry 31, Miss A. Wuoser tL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
REGATTA DAY
AT STOCKTON,
Oarsmen Who Will Meet
During the Natives'
Carnival.
BUDD WILL PRESIDE.
The Governor Formally Offers
a Cup for a Launch
Race.
FAIR RECEPTION COMMITTEES.
Native Daughters Will Greet the
Visitors Arriving by Rail or
Water.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 4.— The entries
for the Admission day regatta were re
ceived to-day. They are as follows:
Junior outrigger and skiffs— E. B. Eadcock,
The. Crack Cockswains Who Will Pilot the Crews of the
Stockton Regatta,
W. j. Hadcock, Alameda Rowing Club; Will
Patch, Dolphins; F. J. Wilson, Ariels; W. E.
Cole, University Club.
Senior shell race— W. McCausland, Ariels; A.
J. Brown, Stockton Athletic Association.
Senior barge race— Stockton Athletic Associ-
ation, Thomas Carkeek, bow and captain;
Charles Spencer, forwardwaist; G. W. Chap
man, afterwaist; Carl Davis, stroke; W. Dolan,
cockswain. South Ends— Hnrry Bode, bow;
Robert McArthur, forward "vaist ana captain;
Gus Carson, afterwaist; Frank Dunlisaea,
stroke; George McGrlll, cockswain. Pioneers-
Fred Orr, bow and captain; George Caliopy,
forward waist; C. Ochs, afterwaist; J. Clifford,
stroke; G.Fitzsimmons, cockswain.
Junior barge race, Pioneers— George Dar
rah, bow (captain); T. Faulkner, forward
waist; R. Caliopy, afterwaist; W. St. John,
stroke; G. Fitzsimmons, cockswain. Stockton
Athletic Association —W. Folger, bow; J.
Burns, forwardwaist; J. Silva, afterwatst; G.
Brownfleld, stroke; W. Dolan, cockswain.
South Ends— Joe Foley, bow; George Fox, for
wardwaist (captain); Hugh Mclaaac, after
waist; Timothy Fitzpatriok, stroke; George
McGrlll, cockswain.
Intermediate race, Sooth Ends— Ed Tobin,
bow; Matt Breen, forwarawaist (captain); J.
A. Pallas, afterwaint; J. E. Scully, stroke;
George McGrlll, cockswain. Alameda Rowing
Club— E. B. Hadcock, bow; \V. G. Hansen,
forwardwaist; A.C.Webb, afterwaist; F. W.
Ayres, stroke.
Junior shell race— Robert McArthur, South
End Rowing Club; Thomas R. Keenan, dol
phins; J. Foley, J. Lynn, Stockton Athletic As
sociation.
The president of the day for the regatta
will be Governor Budd, who to-day
formally offered a cup for a launch race.
The other regatta officers will be: Marshal,
O. 8. Henderson ; referee, Albert Eothkoff.
Timers — John EUiott, Olympic Club;
James W. Pembroke, Alaineda Rowing
Club; Bee Hart, Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation: Georpe W. Mclnnes, Ariel Row
ing Club; W. H. Lyons, Stockton Athletic
Association; A. J. Fritz, South End Row
ing Club. Judges— W. C. Epsev, Pioneers;
John I. Nolan, Ariela; John D. Mahonev,
South Ends; Joseph Keenan, Dolphins;
Allred J. Bullion, Alameda Rowing Club.
Regatta committee— S. J. Pembroke
(chairman), W. C. Espey. Alfred Roth
kopf, John J. Nolan, Mr. Shortall. W. P.
Humphreys will be in general charge of
the regatta.
Already the seats in the barges and
stands erected along the channel are
taken, and the races will draw the largest
crowd that ever witnessed aquatic sports
in the West.
The Stockton junior crew has been train
ing in hard luck lately, and changes have
been made so often in the personnel of the
crew that it is feared its chances of win
ning are not of the brightest. The Stock
ton Athletic Association will consider it
self lucky if the crew enters the race at all.
James Lynn and J. Foley, Stock
ton's entries in the junior shell race, will
have an easy race with McArthnr of the
South Ends, who is the only entry in the
junior shell from Ban Francisco.
The accompanying illustrations show
the three clever little cockswains who will
pilot the great crews in the regatta.
Young George Fitzsimmons, the Pio
neer's coxswain is but 11 years old, yet he
has won enough races to "do credit to one
much older than himself.
Will Dolan, the Btocktonfan coxswain,
has made his record both at Stockton and
on the buy, and although he is much
heavier than his opponents, he is still the
best coxswain in all Stockton.
The priie of the South End Club, is
young George McGrill, the champion cox
swain of thu Pacific Coast, who has steered
the club to victory in tbirty-tive cut ot
thirty-seven races. His uniform is cov
ered with medals he has won and as tho
big four-OKred event of the regatta is des
tined to be a race of the coxswains, the
South End crew feels that its rudder will
be well handled by youue McGrill.
The colors of the different clubs in fhe
regatta are as follows: South Ends pen
nant shape, red and white; Stockton, blue
and white; Dolphins, white and light
blue; Ariei, blue and white; University of
California, blue and gold; Alameda, red,
white and blue; Pioneer, magenta.
Owing to ihe large number of entries in
the senior outrigger skiff event, this race
Will be rowed in heats, because of the
narrowness of the channel. The first two
heats will be decided early in the regatta,
and the winners of these races will meet
in a final race after a short rest. This event
should be a very pretty and exciting con
test, as the entrants are all top notchers
at skiff racing.
GREETING TO VISITORS.
Xativ* Daughters Will Receive the Crotcdi
at lioats and 'Trains.
STOCRTON, Cal., Sept. 4.— The Native
Daughters held an important meeting to
night and afterward went to the head
quarters of the general committee in the
Courthouse to finish the decorations of
that place. They appointed a number of
committees to visit the incoming trains on
the Bth and 9th. The members of these
committees are: Mrs. Esther Needham,
Miss Hannah Gray, Mrs. Mamie Man they,
Mrs. A. M. Snyder, Mrs. Grace Willy, Mrs.
J. Harris, Mrs. Ella Homage, Mrs. Emma
Phillipson, Mrs. Emma Barney, Mrs.
Belle Stockwell, Mrs. Minnie Blake, Mrs.
Anna Kalfc, Miss Lena Nevin, Mi<s Laura
Wahl, Miss Coniff, Miss Susie Kohlberg.
Miss Ida Safferhill, Miss E. Watts, Miss
Annie Adams, Mrs. Bessie Weber, Miss
Jennie Thrift, Miss Myra Ellsworth, Miss
Carrie Whiting, Mrs. Fannie White, Miss
Minnie Smith, Miss Ida Sperry, Mrs.
Mamie Dorr.
To meet the boats on the morning of the
9th the following were selected: Miss
Zetta Kohlberg, Miss Laura Wahl. Miss
Winnie Smith, Miss Minnie Hilke. Miss
RoseGnekow, Miss Susie Kohlberg, Mrs.
Bessie Weber, Mrs. Carrie Kerrick, Mi.-s
Mamie Sullivan, Miss Emma Hilke, Miss
Bertie Bardo, Miss Annie Hansel.
Grand President Mary Tiltmanand Miss
Lillie Richling of Ursula Parlor, Native
Daughters, of Amador County, parsed
through Stockton to-day on their way to
Jackson, where to-night the Native Sons
of Amador County presented to Miss Rich
luig, one of the founders of the order, a
handsome silK banner.
Thf general committee of the Native
Sons met to-night to wind up a number of
important matters. More money was ap
propriated to the various sub-committees
to carry on their work. A number of
Stockton girls were selected to-day to
carry in tbe procession the banner that is
to be brought by Mission Parlor. They
are Misses Josephine Willy, Bessie Mc-
Dougald, Eflie Barney, Katie Bach, Ricke
Wies's, Hattie Keyes.
The big arch on the plaza is about com
pleted, and is far more imposing than was
at first expected. On tbe evening of the
Bth the Presidio band will render the fol
lowing concert music on tbe plaza:
March, "Constellation" Clars
.Selection, "Tabasco" Chad nick
Cornet solo, "Columbia" Rollinson
Waltz, •'Ella" Cardoza
Overture, "Stockton by Electric Light"... De Witt
Potpourri, "Musical Tour Through fcurope"...
Conradl
Selection, "Carmen" Bizet
Gavotte, '-Our Little Nestlings" Moses
Overture, "The Minstrel's Delight" Knight
Galop, "The Banquet" Bowman
THE OARSMEN.
Now for the Great Struggle at Stock-
ton Between the Giant Crews.
Among the rowing clubs the great fea
ture of sport talked of is the Stockton re
gatta on the 9th inst.
Those who withdrew their entries re
cently are Jim Foley and Henry Borde
of the South Ends, Andy Carroll of the
Ariel Club, the Olympic Club Crew in the
intermediate four-oared barge race, Gus
Carson of the South End Club in the
junior outrigger skiff race and Frank Du
plissea of the same club in the senior
single shell race.
The entries from the Alameda Club are
as follows: Intermediate barge race — F.
W. Ayers, A. C. Webb, W. G. Hansen and
E. B. Hadcock; senior outrigper skiff —
James Pembroke, C. C. Dennis, F. W.
Ayres; junior outrigger skiff— E. B. Had
cock and W. G. Hansen.
The regatta will commence uromptly at
3:30 on the afternoon of the 9th, and the
management wish it distinctly under
stood that everything pertaining to the
laces will be sirictly carried out according
to the rules of tbe regatta committee.
No boat will be allowed to enter the
races without the club colors at tne bow of
the boat, and the rowers will have to wear
their respective colors as appears on the
programme. In this way every barge
crew, single-sculler and outrietrer-skiff
oarsman can be identified by the specta
tors by referring to a programme of th«
races.
Promptness in lining up for each race
will be an especial feature of tbe regatta,
and no delay in this particular will be
tolerated. Any boat failing to be on the
line in time will be disqualified.
The start of the races will be at a point
opposite the flourmills, and the order of
the events will be decided upon at a meet
ing of tho regatta committee to be beld
this evening.
The Stockton people are all heart and
soul in the great senior four-oared race, in
which are entered the Pioneers, South
Ends and Stockton Giants. As the bicycle
races will be in progress at Goodwater
Grove while the regatta is going on on the
channel the Btockton people are exceed
ingly anxious that this great race be put
last on the programme, for Stockton is
going to turn out en masse to witness it,
and as the bicycle races are their only
chance of defraying the expenses of the
regatta, they ieel assured that they would
be slimly attended if this event were to
come off early on the programme.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
held the other evening the following gen
tlemen were selected to officiate at the
regatta: President of tbe day, Governor
Budd: referee, Albert P. Rothkopf of the
Dolphin Club; marshal, Orrin Henderson ;
judge, John E. Mahoney of the South End
Club; starter, John E. Budd; timers, John
Elliott, Olympic Clnb; Bert Hoyte, Stock
ton Athletic Association ; J. H. Pembroke,
Alameda Club; George Mclnnis, Ariel
Club; and W. C. Espy of the Pioneer
Club; judges — Joseph Keenan, Dolphins;
John I. Molan, Ariels; W. C. Espy,
Pioneers; John E. Mahoney, South End;
A. H. Bullion, Alameda Club; and Rich
ard Carmona of the Stockton Athletic
Association.
The regatta committee is composed of:
"William F. Humphreys, Ed P. Shorthall,
Albert P. Rothkopf, John I. Nolan and
Samuel J. Pembroke, chairman.
All the oarsmen entered in the races
will journey to Stockton on the train on
the morning of the 9th. Their boats,
through the kindness of the members of
Mission Parlor of the Native Sons, will be
transported on their special steamer, the
T. 0. Walker, which leaves the City on
the evening of the Bth.
Chairman Grunsky of the amusement
committee was down from Stockton yes
terday to report the condition of the oars
men, etc. »
When asked what he thought of the
chances of the Stockton's giant crew de
feating the Pioneer and South End crews,
he said:
"Last week the stock of the South End
craw went up considerably, and as the
time draws nigh they are winning many
admirers amone the Stockton sports, but
the giant crew are in superb condition and
the majority of the people will back them
heavily to win. They can now row the
course easily in 9 mm. 30 sec, which is
record time.
'•The Pioneer crew Is looked upon ud
there as somewhat of a dark horse. Little
is known of it, but from all accounts the
men are said to make a very fine crew."
EXECUTED AT FOLSOM.
George W. Roberts Hanged for
the Murder of Walter
Freeman.
He Cut the Throat of a Young Man
Who Threw Him in a Wrest
ling Match.
FOLSOM, Cal., Bept. 4.— George Wash
ington Roberts was hanged here to-day
for the murder of Walter Freeman in La
trobe on April 14 last. There was nothing
sensational about the execution. Roberts
walked from the cell to the trap with a
firm step. The cap, pinions and rope
were adjusted and the trap sprung within
a space of ten seconds' time. Tbe body
hardly moved a muscle after reaching the
end of the rope, and the pulse stopped
beating in twelve minutes.
Among the witnesses were: Sheriff
Hilbert of El Dorado County, Sheriff Con
roy of Placer County, Drs. Dixon and
Browning of Sacramento and several
friends and relatives of tne murdered man.
Three ladies, presumably members of the
Freeman family, applied for permission to
witness the execution, but were iefu*i>A
admittance by Warden Aull.
The murderer passed la&t night quietly,
sleeping soundly at intervals. A light
breakfast was served in his cell this
morning, of which he ate heartily. He
exhibited considerable bravado, laughing
and chatting with his guards until the
time set for the execution began to draw
near, when he became serious and silently
awaited his fate. Just before be left tbe
cell for the gallows the sacrament of the
Franciscan church was administered to
him by Father Pius of Sacramento.
The crime for which the murderer
suffered was a peculiaily atrocious one, as
he and his victims were friends. It ap
pears that a short time before tbe murder
Koberts proposed to Freeman that they
haae a wrestling match. Freeman con
sented.
After a short struggle Freeman won.
Roberts aro3e from tbe ground, brushed
the dirt from his shoulders and went away
muttering something about "getting
even." Freeman paid no attention to him,
and with a. dozen companions entered the
saloon of James Harris.
While they were drinking in tbe place,
Roberts entered. He had a drawn pistol
in his hand and he flourished it in
the direction of Freeman. Bystanders
promptly disarmed him and Roberts
went away. Later he met Freeman and
engaged him- in a pleasant talk. He
smiled as he took a large jackknife from his
pocket and opened it very slowly, so as
not to excite the suspicions of Freeman.
Suddenly without a word of warning he
plunged the knife into the neck of Free
man and severed the jugular vein. Rob
erts was not drunk at the time nor was
Freeman.
Roberts pleaded self-defense at his trial,
but all the evidence tended to show that
the crime was a cold-blooded murder.
Since bis confinement in Foisom Roberts
had been one of the jolliest prisoners there.
He said his only regret was that his lawyer
did not appeal the case. Last night he
was baptized end the last rites of the
Catholic church administered to him.
He joked with those around him and
stated that he would dance a jig on the
scaffold. He also asked tnat the rope be
brought to him, so be could learn to tie a
hangman's noose.
Roberts was a native of Ohio, of French
and German parentage and was 57 years
old.
FIRE AT RED SCORE.
Three Buildings liettroyed by a Mid-
ninlitßlaSSi
RED BLUFF, Cal., Sept. 4.— Just be
fore midnight a fire broke out in the feed
stable belonging to John Knight on Wal
nut street. The flames were in a few min
utes communicated to tbe frame dwelling
and bakery of Joseph Strieker on tbe east
and the brick grocery-store of E. Brown
on the west, which were destroyed. The
Concordia Hotel, a large frame building,
was badly scorched, and was saved only
by hard work. The loss is estimated at
from $1 5,000 to $18,000.
Aritnna Outlaw Escapes the Gallows.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Sept. 4. — Governor
Franklin to-day commuted the sentence
of Oscar R. Rogers to imprisonment for
forty years. In 1894 Rogers and Arruer
held up a Southern Pacific train at Mari
copa and escaped to the mountains, but
were captured after a hard chase. Armer
turned State's evidence and was sen
tenced to thirty years. Rogers was tried,
convicted and sentenced by Judge Rouz
to be hanged, and this sentence would
have been executed in a few days. Peti
tions were presented to the Governor,
signed by Judges Rouz, Bethune and
Hawkins of the district courts, besides
many prominent citizens, praying for
executive clemency.
♦
Sues the City of Map*.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 4.— Mrs. Margaret
McEnerney has begun suit against tbe
city of Napa, alleging that on August 6
she presented a petition to the City Coun
cil to be granted a retail liquor license.
No one objected, but the Council rejected
the petition. She asks for $100 damages
and $100 for each month that the license
shall be withheld.
ROSE'S COLORS
TWICE IN FRONT
Torsina Wins the Class
Stake at the State
Fair.
GEYSER A GAME ONE.
The Youngster Celebrates His
Debut by Annexing a
Purse.
LOBENGULA'S EASY VICTORY.
Hymn Shows a Lack of Speed and
Fails to Land Within the
Money.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 4. — This
was a great day at the fair grounds for
horses sporting the rose and wbite colors
of Bookmaker George Rose. Tea Rose
finished second to Howard S in the open
ing scramble for two-year-ol(Js; the band
some Torsina, a daughter of Torso, won
the class stake in impressive fashion, de
feating a good field, and Geyser romped
over the top of his company in the last
race, proving himself a colt of rare game
ness, he at one stage of the game beiag
seemingly hopelessly beaten. These
three horses were among the lot recently
purchased by Mr. Rose from Rancho del
Paso, and the elated penciler was warmly
congratulated by his many friends over
their successful debut. All were ridden in
masterly fashion by Patsy .Freeman, who
showed himself to be a jockey with a cool
head, and a most determined finisher. He
created a very favorable impression with
the public.
The weather was again sultry to-day
and shady nooks at the track were in big
demand. The fair sex occupied a goodly
portion of the grand stand and with fans
endeavored to keep cool. The betting
ring showed about the same crowd as on
the day preceding. The exorbitant charge
of 50 cents to enter the charmed quarter
stretch keeps many from investing on the
horses. Allowing the poolroom Joint to
be conducted by the "sure-thing gang" at
Sausalito undoubtedly affects the attend
ance, for many old faces that were regu
lar comers here during fair times are
missed in scanning over people in the
ring.
The track was in good condition, though
the time in nearly every instance was
slow. Outside of the Rose horses, which
were both favorites in the betting, How
ard S and Lobengula, hot choices, took
purses, while Seaside gladdened the hearts
of the long-shot players by capturing the
six-furlong spin.
The Class stake, worth $610, was the
principal feature of the day's sport. Six
racy-looking three-year- olds lined up
against the barrier. Torsina was reported
to have worked around the inside ring in
l:4o^£, and the Sacramento contingent to
a man backed her at udds of Bto 5. Insti-
gator at twos was second choice, with
Caliente and Coda next in demand. There
was some little delay at the post, during
which time the favorite managed to land
hard on Coda's nigh fore leg with one of
hei flying heels. They were presently
sent off to a pretty start. Rummel, the
Spreckels entry, followed by Coda and
Instigator, led until three furlongs from
the wire. Instigator now dropped back,
and Freeman, making bis run with Tor
sina, had command of things as tbe field
squared away for the tape. Instigator
came again in tbe stretch, Dut could not
overtake the favorite, whicb won handily
by two lengths in I :42J^. Grady, at 60 to
1 in the betting, w eakly ridden by Little
Col v , ran a fine race, finishing a good
third, and with a stronger fad In the sad
j die might have put in a bid for nrst money.
Owner "Curly" Shields' rattling good
son of imp. Whistle Jacket, Howard S, was
backed from evens to 7 to 10 to pull off the
opening rive-furlong scramble for two
year-olds with but five starters, and, after
waiting on his field to the stretch, Enos
cut loose, and the odds-on choice won by
a length and a half without being eased
up. Tea Rose, who was second, made a
fine showing at ber first essay.
A big plunze was made on Hymn, who
was backed from twos to 3 to 2 to win the
Becond event, over six furlongs, but his
well-known burst of speed did not ma
terialize, and he was not present at the
wire when tbe roll was called. After lead
dn* until within a sixteenth from home
the 8 to 1 chance Carnation was beaten out
by Seaside, a 6 to 1 outsider, admirably
ridden by Snider. Peixotto, badly messed
about in the race, was a good third, j
scrambling over horses. Heartsease, given
the inside pos'tion as usual at the post,
was left. If poor old one-eyed Pescador,
a better racehorse by many pound 3, had
received half the babying from race
track officials that this erratic, cranky
mare sets, bis owners might now be able
to_pict up a purse now and then.
ahe mile and a furlong handicap was a
sort of a cakewalk for Lobengula, tbe 1 to
2 choice, carrying 117 pounds. Fred
Gardner, with little Woods in the saddle,
led to the stretch, when the favorite took
the lead and won in a romp in 1:57 V.
Gardner came again the last furlong and
in a drive beat Claudius a neck for tbe
place. The latter horse was evidently a
trifle "short."
Geyser was the hottest kind of a tip for
the concluding five and a half furlong
sprint for maiden two-year-olds, anrt the
6 to 5 opening was quiciily swiped to 1 to
2. Some 4to 5 was obtainable around post
time. Three furlongs from the wire the
prohibitive choice looked beaten, but
under Freeman's persuasive urging he
cut bis field down through the stretch and
won like a racehorse. In a finishing drive
Racina was given the verdict over Alazan
for the place. Time, I :o9}£.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds, selling; purse 5350
J. H. Shield's br. c Howard S, 11% by i'fp
Whistle Jack (Enos). 7 to 10.......? »»»p.
George Rose's eh. f. lea Rose, 115, by tmn Mid
lothian-Red Kose (Freeman), 6 to 1.. o
Burns * Waterhouse's b. f. Alma, 104 by Tair»
Kotlce-Plcnic (Mcintyre), 18 to 5. o
Time, 1:03. a I
Destra and Grandezia also ran.
Sir furlongs, selling; purse $400.
P. Slebenthaler'a eh. m. Seaside, 103, by i mD
Mariner- Marin (Sulder) 6 to 1. * » m P».
A. B. Spreckels' ch. f. Carnation," 99," by'Flam
■■_ beau-imp. Amelia (Piggou), B'to 1....f. . I m o
J. J. Coulter's eh. g. Pelxotto, 108, by 'tain
Bratus-by Kelpie fUazlett) 6to 1 7 P- „
Tlnie,l:lsVfc. ""* a
Artlcns, Hymn, Tontno, Cadenza NcHrUr,,.^
1411 B, Charlie Boots a_ndHeaVt 8 als^ranf^ '
vßTue*3lv B Tue*3l0 38takeSlf ° r -year-olds : one mUe:
° w'^Siy: 8 toT" 11 109 '^ Torso-Bertie
Coda, Caliente and Bnm me/also ran. '. ~
■ Mile i and a furlong handicap; purse $500.
& a% tßo"'it 8 o"'i W^ I
Elmwood stock farm's b.Tciaud°uV"iio "hi
ltnp. Brutus-Swayback (Narvaez) 3to 1 ?> y o
viitUeßobalsor^r' 1117^ " "■
seU^g; - pu« ebfesorloDe!lle b fesor loDe!ll maidea t^o-^r-olds,
George Kose'a br. c. Geyser, 108, by Ben AU-
Hot Springs (Freeman), 4 10 6 i
Burns <fc Weterhouse's b. f. Racina, 99, hy Imp.
Cvrus-lmp. Fairy Rose (Mcintyre), 8 to 1 v
C F a^nders <fc C'o.'s eh. g. Alazan, 104, by Ra
cine-Tearless (Martin), iiO to 1 3
Time, 1 :()9V4-
Seven TJp, Inflamm»tor, Billy Vice, Lord Chet
terfleid and Bruja also ran.
Following are the entries for to-morrow's
races:
Five and a half furlones, selling, two-year
olds—Dolore 99, Torpedo 102, Alma 96, Bezonia
96 Tyrant-SHenvan colt 96.
One mile, selling— Coda 95, Mc-Nac 95,
Regan 111, Wnrrago 105, Shaikaho 103,
Rhaetla 98. Miss Pollard 100, Clara Johnson
99 Broad Billow 91, Long Lady 98, Rebellion
103, Two Cheers 113. Jack Ricnelleu 116.
Nursery stakes, six furlongs, two-year-olds—
Vincitor 111, George Palmer 123, True Blue
118 Lumina 120, Fleur de Lis 120, Candelarla
118 Hohenznllern 118, Miss Maggie M 115,
Hard Tack 115.
Six furlongs, special— Libertine lxo, Sir Play
108, Vinctor 113, Belllcoso 112.
Hurdle, selling, one and a quarter miles-
Huntsman 130, My Sweetheart 120 Gold Dust
130,Qu«rterstaff 120, Baby Bell 120, Torsino
124, JOC 140, Zaragoza 120, Onti Ora 127,
Robin Hood I, 120.
MILL VALLEY' ENTENDENSE.
The Xtw Totcn Sail Will Soon Be Under
Construction.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Sept. 4.— The
question agitating Mill Valley at present
is the proposed building of a town hall,
which will include clubrooms and a gym
nasium. The hall wili be commodious
and suitable for public meetines, fraternal
society meetings and social events.
The Tamalpais Land and Water Com
pany has offered a corner lot, centrally
located, at half the market vslue. Those
prominently active in the enterprise are
D. I. Kingwell. Judge Tottrell, F. Run
yon, M. M. Shaughnessy, E. Steele, D. G.
Bennett, Thomas H. Reynolds, Thomas
F. Keely. Arthur A. Martin, J. J. Cullen
and Vincent Kingwell Jr.
LOS ANGELES TITLE CASE.
Homestead Entry Is Made by a
Spanish Heir to a Vast
Body of Land.
Every Accessible and Tillable Patch
of It Has Been Settled Upon
for Years.
Los Anoei.es OrncE of Thi Call, )
328 South Broadway, >
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. L)
One of tbe most remarkable proceedings
in the annals of title claims came to light
yesterday. It was the filing of a Home
stead entry by Feliciano Domingues in the
United States Land Office to a portion of -
township 1 soutu, range 17 west, 8. B. M.,
being land that lies between Rancho San
Fernando and the sea. The grandfather
of the homesteader located this 100 years
ago, but it has recently been opened for
homestead entry.
When California left the Mexican
domain to come under the stars and
stripes a commission was appointed to
pass on the validity of the grants made to
individuals by the Mexican Government.
Tbe notices to submit the claims to tbe
commission were published in what, to the
inhabitants of the land, was a foreign
language, and the steps necessary to be
taken were under unfamiliar foreign laws.
Under these it is no wonder many meri
torious Spanish grants were thrown out
•on account of technical informalities. The
Domingues grunt was not presented in the
time limit and was rejected.
Now/therefore, a legal heir to a large
body of land has been compelled to make
homestead entry in order to set up bis
claim to the territory whereon his ances
try have remained in uhdisturheK posses
sion for more than a hundred years.
This is now open to Government entry
for the first time, but being composed of
mountains has only recently been sur
veyed. Every available patch of tillable
land in the township has been settled on
for years, settlers being perched in appar
ently t,he most inaccessible places. In
this township is located what Is known
among the old settlers as the Domingues
grant. It comprises 12,000 acres.
■Xapa County Electric Railway.
NAPA, Cal., Bept. 4.— N. W. Griswold
and J. F. Byxbee will apply to the Napa
County Board of Supervisors at the next
meeting for a franchise to build and
operate an electric railway throughout the
country. These gentlemen already have a
franchise in Sonoma County, and propose
to make a circuit through the two val
leys.
■ » »«fif JLdmwr^
Is the light that will brinK~a~ great biff
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous . your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest . and most
powerful vitalizer made, It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials. - . •
. The extraordidary Rejuvenator la, th»
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientifio
men of Europe and America.
. HUDYAN is purely vegetable. . .
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
di«charee in twenty days. Cures. LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t*Yitching3*of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. ■
_ Prematureness means imtiotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
t( *7- r Se nd for circulars and testimonials
«n. r,- f tl^ L( - )I) ~ Im l >tlre Slootl.due to seri-
ous private disorders, curries myriads of soro-
producing germs. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, uiccrs in mouth, old sores and
canine: nair. You can save a trip to Hot SDrlnM
by using the great 30-day cure. P Call or wrllo At
30-day circulars. ... .
HUDSON MEDICAI INSTITUTE.
Stockton, Market and Ellis St«.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
COSMOPOIjIT A.TC".
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., San
1 rancisco, <-'ai.— The most . select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, *1 25 and $1 50 per
duy, according to room. .Meals 25 c Booms 500
and 75c a day. Pree coach 10 and from the hotel/
Look for the coach Bearing the name of the Cos-
taopolltan HoteL WIL b'AHKV, Proprietor.
JHHTMrUCOX COMPOUND
MB9 Safe and sure relief, never tail, others
H are imitations. At all druggists. write for
Woman's Safeguard FREE \VILCOX iIKDI-
CINK Co., 22830. Eighth St., I'hllada., Fa.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
rjHAIUjEa^H. PHXLLIP3, ATTORNET.AT-
V/l«w and Notary PubUc. tJ3S Marlcet st, opi»
Hot^- T«l«Pttoue 670. UesMeaQ* i<U*
: *«lWi . 'ielepaoaft -naf wuDEMOCRATS WOULD
SAVE DEMOCRACY
The Palmer and Buckner
Ticket Cordially Wel
comed.
WHAT THEY SAY OF IT
The Enthusiasm May Put an
Electoral Ticket in the
Field Here.
EASY TO GET THE PETITION.
The Sound-Money League Opens Head
quarters Ready for an Aggres
sive Campaign-
The sound-money Democrats here are
greatly pleased over the work of the Na
tional Convention at Indianapolis.
The ticket and the platform have won
their hearty admiration and indorsement,
and the high character of tbe men and
principles put forth encourage and
strengthen them in their stand for what
they believe to be true Democracy and
against the anarchistic platform of the
Chicago convention.
The quiet enthusiasm which has fol
lowed the adjournment of the Indianap
olis convention has already resulted in a
proposition, favored by Jere Lynch and
other leading anti-Bryan Democrats, to
put a Palmer and Buckner electoral ticket
in the fieid in California.
As the souml-money Democracy cannot
use the party name on the ballot it would
be necessary to rile with the Secretary of
State a petition bearing the names of 3 per
cent of tne voters of the State. It is
pointed out that while there are many
more that the required 8000 in the Demo
cratic party who are ready to support the
true-blue Democracy there are thousands
in other parties who would readily sign
the petition, so that with an organized
effort throughout the State the necessary
petition couia be soon prepared with com
paratively little trouble. The proposition
i? expected to take shape within two or
three days.
The Sound-money Democratic League
grows rapidly in membership, and
next week ii will fully enter on its cam
paign activity. Headquarters have been
opened in the Mills building, the litera
ture committee is getting r ady to dis
tribute sound- money literatare and the
finance committee is easily securing funds
in both large and small amounts.
All sub-committees will report at a
meeting of tbe executive committee
which will be held at the headquarters
next Monday afternoon.
Captain James M. McDonald, an old
line Democrat, is heartily in accord with
tlie principles expressed in the resolu
tions of tbe Indianapolis convention.
Speaking yesterday on tbe subject he said :
"It is the duty of Democrats to preserve
the organization of the party and contend
for the principles which have always been
cherished by true Democrats. The con
vention of Chicago tried to capture tbe
party at Chicago, but failed. We shall
now take possession of the stolen goods."
Jeremiah Lynch is of the opinion that
tbe sound-money Democrats in California
should place an electoral ticket in the
field. He is confident that the requisite
number of voters would sign the petition
which the act known as the Australian
ballot law requires.
"This will be a subject for serious con
sideration," said Mr. Lynch. "In my
judgment it seems the right course to
pursue in order to preserve and perpet
uate true Democratic organization. I
heartily approve of the nominations and
the resolutions of tbe Indianapolis con
vention. The number of Democrats en
tertaining the same opinion is consider
able. They have firmiy resolved to op
pose the election of Bryan."
Samuel G. Murphy, president of the
First National Sank, is a sound-money
Democrat of the old school. When asked
ye&terday for an expression of his views
on the action of the Indianapolis conven
tion he paid :
"I was born and bred a Democrat and
am still a Democrat. lam not an an
archist or agitator and cannot support
Bryan. I am satisfied with the nomina
tion of General Pa mer and General Buck
ner. I regard them as representative
Democrats who are worthy of the party's
support."
E. B. Pond is convinced that it is the
duty of Democrats to support the nom
inees of the Indianapolis convention. He
is not sure that Palmer and Buckner elec
tors should be nominated in this State,
but he is firmly of the opinion that Demo
crats should organize to prevent tbe elec
tion of Bryan. He said:
"A vigorous campaign should be made
on behalf of sound money. I hear that
positive assurances were given at Indi
anapolis that three Southern States may
be counted on to cast their electoral votes
for Palmer and Buckner.
"You will find," said Mr. Pond, "many
Democrats who do not care to be quoted,
but who are yet in sympathy with the
purposes of the sound-money convention
at Indianapolis. They will exercise t eir
Judgment as to the best course to be fol
owed. They desire to preserve the or
ganization of the party on the true lines ol
Democratic principles, and will therefore
strive for the defeat of Bryan."
Lloyd Tevis admitted tiiat he had very
strong views on the sound-money ques
tion and the Indianapolis convention, but
he did not want to express his views for
publication.
Commodore I. Gutte was of the opinion
that Democrats who voted for Palmer and
Buckner would assist in the election of
Brvan.
Bernard D. Murphy believed that Dem
ocrats who desired the defeat of Brvan
and the triumph of --ound money shoul I
vote directiy tor McKinley, but did not
indicate that he wou.d lolJow this course.
In the Thirty-Second.
The "Equal Rights" Silver Club of the
Thirty-second District opened the cam
paign with a grand rally in its hall, corner
Third and Brannan streets, last evening.
Patrick O'Donnell, the president, opened
the meeting with an address, after which
the Hon. James G. Maguire spoke at
length upon i;.e silver question and the
funding bill. Clytus B;>rbour followed
with an explanation of 16 10 3. and Walter
Gallagher and Joseph E. O'Dounell also
ably addressed tiie members.
Many new members joined the club,
which gives the Thirty-second District the
strongest silver cub in the City. The
officers are: Patrick O'Donnell, president;
Jeremiah Leary, vice-president; Thomas
Burke, treasarer; Stephen Feeney, secre
tary. The club will meet on the first and
third Tuesday evenings of each month.
A M R.Y C AMHAKE.
It Mill Be Held Sunday Next at Tib-
urou.
An old-fashioned Rhode Island clam
bake and dullshead breakfast will be held
in Tiburon on Sunday next. Quantities
of the toothsome bivalves will be prepared
i" n.«s most palatable manner, and a num
ber of ovens have been built in order that
the bulls' heads may be cooked in the
true traditional manner.
The citizens who have the affair in
charge are determined that it will be the
most successful one of its kind ever held
on the coast. The officials of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
have extended a Helping hand, and with
out doubt tho enterprise will prove a suc
cess.
Very little publicity was accorded Tibu
ron's initial clambake, which was given
two months ago, but notwithstanding
that fact fully 800 people were in attend
ance, and all enjoyed a merry day.
THE FLITTING OF ACRES.
H. E. F. Williams Defends Miss
Morton as Being Above
Reproach.
In regard to a rumored elopement par
ticipated in by R. T. Acres and Miss Mor
ton, a bookkeeper, the following statement
is self-explanatory :
Mr. Williams of the firm of Acres & Williams
states that the youup lady mentioned has been
in their employ for the pnst ten years, without
ever taking a day's vocation. Bh« Is * most
highly respected, refined and dignified per
son, who will be simply shocked and pros
trated by reason of :-ucb. a sensational and en
tirely groundless rumor. She is the sole sup
port 01 a widowed mother aud could not und
would not leave her in such a plight if for no
other consideration than that she required her
support.
Business being dull the young lady was
urged to take a vncation, and on the going
away of Acres we wrote her to return, she still
being considered all the time in our enpioy.
She replied she would be here in a Jew days.
We are in receipt of weekly letters from her,
as our business often requires us to write her
in reference to matters. She was not aware of
Acres leaving until v.c wrote her, but she, like
ail his acquaintances, was not surprised, for
he has talked nothing but Mexico for years.
As to Acres, on account of his wife suing
him for divorce for striking her. he took the
opportunity of leaving on a business trip, tak
ing with him samples of goods from various
houses He preferred to allow the case to go
by default rather than light it. We received
several letters from him in Mexico and irom
the younj; lady, who is over 300 miles from
Acres' present abode. The interview stated as
being held with Williams was by some stranger
asking questions through the telephone, to
whooi Mr. Williams stated he preferred not to
discuss the matter through a public telephone
with a half dozen strangers in his office, but
would gladly furnish party with all the infor
mation he desired if he would call. Instead of
calling the paper came out as shown.
H. E. F. Williams.
FUSION NOT WORKING,
Well-Laid Plans of Wily Demo
crats Ganging Agley
Very Fast.
Probability That Both Rogers and
Vann Wi 1 Be Turned With Their
Faces Toward the Wall.
C. A. Barlow, Populist nominee from
the Sixth District, is spending his time in
Chairman Wardall's office in consultation
with members of his party, wtio are ad
vising him not to withdraw unless his
withdrawal be accompanied by a pledge
of the fusion committee that he will be
made the fusion candidate.
It had been g?ven out that Mr. Barlow
was not one of the recalcitrants and that
bis withdrawal was in tbe hands of the
committee, but that it was conditional.
Mr. Barlow said yesterday that this re
port is not true and that his withdrawal
is unconditional like the rest.
Mr. Barlow is in receipt of a notifica
tion from the committee on speakers of
Labor day from the Federated Trades ask
ing him to speak at their celebration next
Monday at Los A ngeles as their candi
date for Congress Irom the Sixth Dis
trict. All things to the contrary it would
seem that the Sixth District nominee will
be a Populist, notwithstanding the
prophecy that all nominees who refuse to
withdraw win be turned down. In other
words the fusion committee will not be
able to fuse, so far as the Sixth District is
concerned.
It will not be able to fuse in the First,
nor the Second, nor the Third, nor the
Fifth, nor the Seventh. Monteith, Me-
Glashan, Vann, Kelly and Maddox will
not be turned down. The conference
committee has no legal rieht to 1 eclare
their places vacant. Neither have the
State Central Committees.
The fusion is turning into a fizzle.
Much work is being done underground
by tbe wily Democrats looking toward the
displacing of J. Taylor Rogers and the
substitution of James H. Barry, a Demo
crat and editor of the Star. The manip
ulators of the fusion belie re that Barry
would be a much stronger candidate than
Rogers, the latter being extremely unpop
ular with a very large class ol citizens
in his district.' Besides that, Barry
is a Democrat, which is about the most
potent reason why he should be made the
fusion candidate.
The members of the Populist State Cen
tral Committee bad been led to believe
that the Third District would be given to
Vann, the Populist candidate, but since
the war-horse of the Democracy, Warren
B. English, has been made the nominee
it is likely that Vann will be turned down
for English. Should this be done, there
will be considerable dissatisfaction among
Vann's friends, and they may insist on
bis remaining in the tight, notwithstand
ing the candidacy of Mr. English.
George W. Monteith, People's party
nominee from the First District, denies
the reports that he has withdrawn or that
he intends to do so. He says that he is be
in* hounded by the Southern Pacific < om
pany ; that he is a poor man and cannot
afford to make as vigorous a campaign as
he would wish, but that his h"nor and bis
pledges to his constituents are at stake
and that he will remain in the fight at all
hazards.
The fusion committee is evidently dis
heartened at the failure of its work, and
there is a feeling that at its meeting this
afternoon it will decide not to do anything
iurther in the matter. It may, however,
put up its ticket, as stated by The Call a
week ago, consisting of six Democrats and
one Populist.
A CHINAMAN SHOT.
Lon Look the Victim of a Highbinder's
Revolver.
There was more highbinder shooting in
Chinatown shortly after 12 o'clock this
morning, and as & result Lou Look is
lying in the Receiving Hospital, with a
dangerous bullet wound in his neck.
He was in the basement of 825 Wash
ington street when some one on the side
walk took two shots at him. One struck
a table and glanced over into the wall and
the other struck Look near the ear and
came out at his jaw.
The man who did th»> shooting was seen
by the gathering crowd to run into the
doorway of a house across th*» street, and
since then, although police officers and
Chinese specials have hunted assiduously
for him, he has not been heard of.
Look was a member of tho Sam Yups,
but was, so far as is known, not a high
binoer. He is not well known in China
town and is supposed to be a new comer
His assailant is supposed tobeaßoLeong
Tong man. The cause of the shootinp is
not known.
Aiameda liny a Flit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 4.— Gus Schroe
'inr, an Alum, da boy of 17 years, together
with Charies Bell, another fad living close
by him on Broadway, have mysteriously
disappeared. Mrs. Scliroeder says that
Gus left last Wednesday, and where he
has gone with tne Bell youth no one knows.
Their parents are greatly exercised at tueir
disappearance, as no reason can be as
signed for v.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
RAI NEY'S END OF
THE LOCAL GAME
Gavin McNab Has Lost
His Grip on the Junta
Organization.
THE STABLEMAN WON IT
Three Factions Will Do Prac
tical Politics in Sam's
Convention.
WILL BE A MESS OF BOSSES.
The Buckley Platform Will Play the
Bicyclists, tbe Dollar Limit
and Religion.
Sam Rainey, with one finger on the side
of his nose, says nothing of the demon
stration of bis mastery of the Junta organ
ization and of its near-by convention,
afforded by the outcome of the long and
hot meeting of the campaign committee
night before last.
That meeting was a highly interesting
little event in municipal politics. It
showed how completely Gavin McNab has
been repudiated by a controlling element
in tne anti-Buckley local Democracy, and
bow insignificant there is the strength of
the very few who have been trying to keep
things out of Rainey's hands and* be
bosses themselves.
The Junta organization has reached the
stage where actual convention business
must be done, and it is shown, more
p;ainly than before, that Rainey and
Lanigan will run tbe convention, though
they will have to trade with some smaller
bosses instead of having autocratic swing
as Buckley has in the other faction.
That meeting of the campaign committee
was a great surprise to Gavin McNab,
Chairman Sullivan and Sam Braunhurt.
Chairman Sullivan first introduced a reso
lution carrying out the McNab programme
of appointing 200 delegates at large to be
added to the 450 members of the General
Committee to form tne municipal con
vention.
His scheme also provided that the sev
enty members of the General Commit
tee who are ineligible to sit in the
convention because they hold political
jobs, should appoint substitutes, but their
appointments must be approved by the
campaign committee. By this plan Mc-
Nao wanted to shut out substitutes dis
tasteful to him.
Then P. J. Harney, the Port Warden,
who has never affiliated with the Rainey
end. caused the tirst sensation by vigor
ously denouncing the resolution, declar
ing that it was in the intere-t of the one
man power that he and many others ob
jected to. He also denounced the plan of
making ineligible members submit their
proxies to a majority of the committee as
a gross injustice.
Harney's open and unexpected rebel
lion against Boss McNab caused McNab to
grit his teeth, Braunhart to wipe his bead
and Sullivan to turn pale. Harney moved
an amendment that 100 delegates at large
be appointed. This was tbe distinctively
Rainey programme. The significance of
tbe number of delegates to be appointed
by each member of the committee was
that tbe appointees would change fac
tional majorities in various districts, and
thus change tbe control of tbe district
dele ations in the matter of legislative
nominations and other things. Then
Rainey would rather have a small num
ber to hold in control than a large one,
and 100 voles is a bite thins in a conven
tion where factions are pretty evenly di
vided.
R. L. Mann, who is an attorney in Con
gressman Magnire's office and interested
in Maguire's possibilities as United States
Senator, introduced as a third amendment
the proposition of the "anarchists," a-* the
independent seven in the committee have
been styled, which was that 140 be the
number.
The vote on this amendment was 10 to
10, and by the constitution fourteen of the
twenty votes were required to pass a con
vention measure. Harney's amendment
received but four votes and the original
motion was supported by a minority.
Then tbe tug-of-war began and Jasted
until after midnight, when the compro
mise on 150 was reached.
The votes had a significance that many
are puzzling over. Captain Fitzoatrick
who was bought up with a place in the
mint a lew weeks ago, and whose vote is
controliod by Dageett, voted with McNab
and against the Raineyit.es. This is taken
as one of several indications that McNab
is quietly working the legislative game on
the Junta end in the interest of Daggatt's
Senatorial aspirations, as the dictation of
several legislative nominations was in
volved in the program me at issue. Hamev
voted against the McNab programme clear
through.
The voting also exhibited the third fac
tion in the committee, the "anarchists"
or independents, as an organized element
standing Bolidly togethei from first to
last. These eight middle-of-the-road fal
lows hold the balance of power between
McNab's minority and the Rainey-Lani
canminorty. They are strongly against
McNab, and while they are doing practical
politics for themselves they are known or
at least several of them are known, to be
ready to do politics with Rainey and Lani
pa>i in their own interests, as they Lave
alread7 been doing.
The coming Junta municipal convention
will not cut a very big figure in the local
campaign owine to the smallness of the
Junta faction in the local parly, but such
as it is it will be worked by Sam Rainey
and Ed Lanigan with ju.licious combina
tions with bosses hostile to McNab.
The Bush-street stables are already
showing ante-convention life as the dis
trict politicians float there to talk busi ness
with Sam.
THE BUCKLEY PLATFORM.
Bicyclists, Municipal Ownership,
Dollar Limit and the
A. P. A.
The platform committee of the Buckley
municipal convention held a long session
at the party headquarters on Ellis street
last night and left unfinished the platform
wnich will be offered to the convention to
night after another session of the com
mittee of which Dr. James L Stanton is
chairman.
Representatives of the organized bicy
clists appeared before the committee and it
was decided that one plank should declare
in favor of a Btate law classing bicycles as
baggajze. Street improvements will also
be demanded.
The platform will be very strong for the
dollar limit and for judicious economy in
municipal affairs while favoring public im
provements to exactly the right extent.
Another prominent feature will be a plank
declaring in lavor of the municipal owner
ship of the water supply. J.B.Reynolds
appeared in favor of a single-tax proposi
tion, which the committee will pass by.
It was decided to declare no stand on
the charter. The anti-A. P. A plank will
be a strong one.
The committee on order of business, of
which James H. O'Brien is chairman, de
cided on the usual precedence of nomina
tions and in favor ol the appointment of
a committee of eighteen to recommend
nominees for school directors, and a simi
lar committee on nominations for the
judicial offices. It was decided not to
recommend a committee on Supervisors.
FOR HOM -HADE SHOES.
Manufacturer* and Producers to Co-
operate With the Workmen.
A meeting of the Pacinc Coast Shoe
workers' Union was held last night, a
special open meeting called for the pur
pose of obtaining an exDression from the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion witn regard to getting that associa
tion to co-operate with the siioemakers in
securing preference for home-made foot
wear.
In response to this call Julian Sonntag,
manager, and S. H. Tracy, president of
the association, were present.
In his opening remarks President Mc-
Kintrick briefly stated the object of the
meeting and the desire of the union to re
store, as far as possible, the standing of
the shoemakers on the coast and particu
larly In this City. At present there are
not 300 men employed in this branch of
labor, whereas some years ago there were
over 1000.
Manager Sonntag sooke of the desire of
the Manufacturars' and Producers' Asso
ciation to assist in every way the men em
ployed in trade. Similar words of encour
agement were spoken by President Tracy,
who urged the shoemakers to set a good
example by purchasing no Eastern goods
themselves.
"It invariably happens," said he, "that
tbe very men w o make the greatest
noise about imported goods are the first
to make tne purchase."
A vote of thanks was tendered the two
gentlemen for the interest they had
taken in the cause of home labor.
A motion was made by J. Clark and
carried that tne Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' trade mark be placed on all foot
wear made by the union.
COMPLETING THE HALL.
Annual Report of the Commis
sioners Almost
Ready.
The Roof Will Pobab y Be in PPlatc t
by January I— Total Cost, So
Far, $5,407,083
The annual report of the City Hall Com
missioners, which is now in preparation
by Secretary J. J. McCarthy, will give
some interesting hgures relating to the
cost of the City's Dig office building, and
will put at rest the fears of the taxpayers
who apprehend that they will be called
upon to furnish more money for the com
pletion of tbe building.
Mr. McCarthy hgures that up to date
the hall has cost the City $5,407,083. and
that when the roof and dome are completed
there will still be $37,000 left in tbe fund to
pay salaries and incidentals for the ensu
ing year.
These figures are based on a presump
tion that the Commissioners will accept
the lowest bid among those that have just
been opened for the construction of tue
roof. Tills bid is $129,788.
It is estimated that if no hitches occur
and no extensions of time are granted tho
contractors the roof will be in place by
January 1 next, and that the hall will be
practically completed. In relation to this
Secretary McCarthy says:
"The commissioners are endeavoring,
with the greatest devotion to economy in
expenditures, to adjust plans for neces
sary work and purchase of materials to
finally complete the new City Hall with
funds now at their disposal within the
briefest period practicable."
The following figures relating to tbe
funds during the fiscal year ending July 1
last are interesting:
July, 1895, balance la new City Hall
fund 9178,910 55
From taxea fiscal year '9s- '96 323.550 56
Total $502,461 11
Total disbursed for fiscal year '95-96. 1 80, 840 05
Demands outstanding 01,077 42
July 1, 1896, balance In new City Hall
fund *378,298 48
WOMAN SUFFRAGE PICNIC
Susan B. Anthony and Rev. A.
Shaw at Leona Heights on
Admission Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 4.— The Ala
meda Woman's Suffrage Associat on held
its annual meeting this afternoon in Lin
derman Orera-house. The officers elected
for the next year were: Mrs. Olive Bab
cock, president; Mrs. Green Majors, vice
president; Mrs. M. E. Auderton, financial
secretary ; Mrs. W. C. Forde, correspond
ing secretary; Mrs. Cubery, treaeurer;
Mrs. McKennie, Mre. Metzger and Mrs.
Eliot, auditors; Mrs. H. H. Todd and
Mrs. Fiala, delegates to the county con
vention. Mrs. Olive Babcock received
word that sh? had been honored by being
appointed one of the delegates from Ala
meda County to the State convention that
meets in October.
The members discussed the arrange
ments for the great picnic at Leona
Height? on Admission day to be given by
the woman suffrage associations around
the bay. It was also stated that Mr. Rank
had granted the exclusive right of the
grounds to the promoters of the picnic,
and was doing everything to promote the
comfort ami convenience of the public.
The speakers that day are to include
the Rev. Anna Shaw, Miss Susan B.
Anthony, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt,
if she does not go to Stockton, Miss
Mollie E. Connors, Judge M. A. Hanly
and Colonel George Babcock. The mem
bers of the Aiameda Women's Suffrage
Association will meet at 11 a. m. on
Wednesday and act as escort to Miss Susan
B. Anthony.
Young; Bohemians.
ALAMEDA, Cal , Sept. 4.— Two young
sters from San Francisco wended their
way into this city by the last train yester
day morning. Ihey were met by Officer
Moebus, who recognized they were stran
gers and wanted to know who they were.
They gave tiieir names as William Welch
and Robert Parker and said they were go
ing home. They were taken to the police
station for further inquiry and they bail
hardly got within the doors of the police
station when Welch recognized his uncle
and Knew he would soon be iouna out.
It turned ont that the ragamuffins,
whose ages are 13 and 16 resDectively, had
stolen $20 from their parents, seen the
prize-fight in San Francisco and then came
over to Aiameda in search of the circus.
When searched all the money found on
them was $6 55; the remainder had been
enjoyed. The youngsters we c taken home
yesterday and received a good trouncing
from their parents.
All for the love of Liquor.
ALAMEDA, CAt..,Sept. 4.— Charles Lam
bert, better known by his sobriquet of
Clam-chowder Charlie, has placed himself
within the pale of law. He was lounging
about Marten & Crowe'? livery-stable this
morning, when his bibulous propensities
caused him to make off with a demijohn
out of Grocer Quade's delivery-wagon.
Dave Marten saw him do the deed aud
telephoned to the police, who' soon ar
rested him. Charlie later found out that
it was vinegar he had taken and not
whisky.
LOCAL CHEFS TAKE
THEIR OWN MENU
They Desert Their Kitchens
for the Banquet
Board.
EVERYTHING FRENCH.
Celebrating the Twentieth Anni
versary of the Asso
ciation.
A VEGETARIAK'S POEM.
Discussed in a Beautiful Bower Fes*
tooned With Carrots, Turnips
and Cabbages.
The diECiples of Vatel, the King of
cooks, he who drove a skewer through his
vitals because he served Louis XIV with a
cola sauce, met last evening and reveled
in all those dainties which epicures love
so well.
It was the twentieth anniversary of the
founding of the Societe Cutinaire Cos
mopolite de Secours MutuelsdeSan Fran
cisco, and a couple of score of chefs
gathered about the festive board at the
Nevada restaurant at 417 Pine street.
Judging from the assemblage the Mais an
Riche, Marchand's, Tortoni, Delrnonico's,
Jack's, Bergez, Campi's, Occidental,
Paiace, Baldwin, Lick aud other caravan
saries must nave been lacking in chefs, for
the hearts of the culinary department in
these places mentioned were all present in
dress suits.
John Loupy and his brother Noel of the
Nevada restaurant were not exactly the
hosts, each chef haying provided some
masterpiece from his own cuisine. But
the two brothers acted asdirector-generals,
and the delightful menu was partitioned
out by them with the decorum to which
its daintiness was entitled.
Following is the menu:
Societe Culinairr- Cosmopolite
de Secours Mutuels,
de s. b\, CkL 4 Septembre, 1898.
MKNTJ.
Iluitres de l'Kst sur coquille.
FOTTaOK.
Consomme a la Printanlere.
Santerne—
HOKS-D'CEUVRKS.
Saaclsson. Beurre.> .Kadis. Olives.
. t>alade - Mayonnaise.
Caclet Rouge—
, |PO SBOK.
Bass ray? boullli.a la St.* Laurent.
Petiteapomtiies An terre lloliandalse.
ENTREES. •
Filet de Boeuf pique aux champignons.
Vln Francals—
LEGUMES.
FettU Pols a la Francaise.
Haricots verts sautes.
BOTI.
I'ouiet ac grain fa- el aa c reason.
talade de iiomaine a l'Estragon.
Champagne—
, DKSSEST.
Olace Vaniile. . Gateaux assortls. "
Fruits Fromage Catoemberu
.-;- ■,_•. - : - ■ Cate et Cognac.
Among the celebrated chefs present
were, first, the officers of tbe society, which
is a benevolent one: President Camille
Roy, Vice-President Jacques Schmaltz,
Secretary Frederick Blondeau, Vic-Sec
retary G. Artaud, Treasurer Jules Four
quet.'Vice-Treasurer Augusie Faure.
Trustees — Leopold Lis;on, Jacques
Schmaltz, Caruille Roy and Keeper of the
Archives Philemond Rod? illat.
Tne members of the association present
outside of the officers were: Victor Ar
douin, Edouard Benard, Murius Bertrand,
Paul Debauge, Jean-Marie Legouanec,
Auguste Faure, Jules Fourquet, Charles
Grell, Leon Largente, Leopold Ligon,
Pierre Epinat, Auguste Loyez, Purre
Macouillard, Victor Pedrotta, Camille
Roy, Philemond Rodeiilat, Jacques
Sciimaltz, Jul en Tieulie, Frederick Blon
deau, Jules Vigouroux.
The association departed this year from
its usual elaboration of set pieces and
allowed its genius to lean principally to
quaint pieces-raontes consisting solely of
vegetables. The entire hall was decorated
with cabbages, carrots and greens, mam
moth pyramids taking up space at each
corner and cleverly arranged bunches of
turnips, radishes and the like next to each
guest. It was truly apparent from all
outward appearances that the ruling
spirit of the present occasion was a con
firmed vetrea:ian, for, instead of the
meaty idea wbicn has heretofore been so
much in evidence at these anniver-aries,
tbe cabbage and carrot, the radish and
other vegetables were to the fore in great
abundance and in elaborate display.
FOR WORTHY STUDENTS
Inducements Offered to Gradu
ates ot the Girls' High
Scbcol.
A New Free Scholarship Established
at the University of
California
After they were dismissed yesterday
afternoon the students of the Girls' High
School, some 500 strong, assembled in the
auditorium.
Miss Shirley Haves took tbe chair and
explained that the purpose of the gather
ing was the completion of an organization
alreidy begun, in the interest of the
school and its graduates. A yonntr lady,
a recent graduate, she said, was now com
pleting her education at the University of
California. For the opportunity to do so
she was indebted to the aid of her formt-r
schoolmaster, and now it was proposed to
establish and maintain a permanent free
scholarship at the university for the bene
fit of deserving graduates of the school.
In the i-onstitution and by-laws, subse
quently adopted, the name taken was the
Association ol the Girls' High School
Scholarship Fund, and the aims of the or
ganization were formally declared to be
"the collection and maintenance of a fund
to be used to assist a graduate or gradu
ates ia her or their studies at the Uni
versity of California."
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, Miss Shirley
Hayes; vice-presidents, Miss Blanche
Clark, Miss Penelope Standart and Miss
Laura Denson; financial and recording
secretary, Mercie Pacheco; treasurer, Mrs.
Mary J. May born ; director, Miss Frances
Hodgkinson. The two ladies last named
are teachers.
Each girl belongine to the association
pledges herself to contribute not less than
50 cents a year, payable monthly. The
sum of $250, in $J5 monthly installments,
will be paid annually for the maintenance
of the scholarship.
Principal Elisha Brooks and all of the
teachers are in sympathy with this frater
nal enterprise of the cirls, and will do
what they can to formulate it. At pres
ent the fund has an income of $30 a month,
ana with the accession of new members
the association is receiving, it is expected
that this sum will soon be increased to
$40 a month, or $400 a year, and that be
fore long two or three free scholarships
niay be successfully maintained.
•—»• — » •
NO PRIVATE DETECTIVE
The Registrar Must Hunt Supposed
Staffers With One of His
Clerks.
City and County Attorney Creswell's
scheme of having a private detective em
ployed to assist the Registrar in ferreting
out supposed stuffers was put to sleep at
the meeting of the Election Commission
ers yesterday, when Auditor Broderick
and Tax Collector Block refused to vote in
favor of the measure.
The Tax Collector said that he vras not
in favor of private detectives and that they
were about as likely to be as honest as the
stuffers. He thought that some of the
Registrar's clerks could do the' stuffer
hunting all right, and as Mr. Broderick
sided with him the motion to appoint a
tawkshaw was lost.
The following names were stricken from
the register — gome because they had been
proven to have registered illegally and
others because they tad failed to answer
citations to appear and prove their ripht
to vote: Albert Williams, who had regis
tered from the Harbor Police station.
Joseph JL Qerstle, registered from the
Russ House; no such person was known
there. Joseph Wiikins, 325 Pacific street;
Albert T. Nyer, 7 Grant avenue; David
William Burgin, 219 Grant avenue; Sam
uel E. Buckmer, 937 Pacific street; Elton
Gerdy, 521 Pacinc; Stephen Turner, 904
Kearny; Nicholas Kellet, 905 Kearr.y.
CAPTURED A WHALE.
Largest Specimen Ever Killed on the
Coast Taken Near Pesca
dero.
Word was received in this City yester
day that one of the whaling crews which
have* been searching in the vicinity of
Pigeon Point since the 2od of August had
caught a whale. Two whaling crews were
taken to the viciuity by the excursion
steamer Queen. The excursionists re
mained in the vicinity only one day, but
the whalers stayed in their small boats,
coming ashore each night. According to
the dispatch the whale was captured by
John Gavin's crew, and in tbe struggle a
boat was smashed and one man was dan
gerously wounded. The whale is reported
to be eiahty feet long and fourteen feet
wide, the largest ever caught off the coast.
A tug was sent to 'he scene of the cap
ture last night and the whale will proba
bly reach here this afternoon. The excur
sion managers say that if they can pro
cure the shears of tbe Union Iron Works
to lift the carcass on a barge it will be on
exhibition Sunday.
Determined to Die.
Charles Moore, a man about 50 years of age,
who says he lives at Fourth and Jessie streets,
jumped into the bay at the foot of Taylor
street. He was rescued by a boatman and
taken to the Receiving Hospital, none the
vrorse for his ducking. He says he will make a
better job of It to-day, as he is determiued to
die.
Cuba has a coast line of 2200 miles, and
200 ports.
T.HE SDJSIDJIY C7ILL
THE GREAT FAMILY •
NEWSPAPER OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
■"' ' TWO VERSIONS OF O.NE
SREJIT BEJIR
STORY.
SJI.N FRJJ«NCISCO'S~BJIRRIERS
JOI.NST ORIE.NTJIL
PLTISUES.
T.HE SEJJT OF PRODI3CI.NS .
CIVILIZATION IS JLNLMJIL LIFE
JWOVIJJS TO TJJE BY JWEJI.NS OF
PACIFIC COAST. ELECTRICITY.
i JyuiriKj \j\Jjio I . fiLou I PolUl 1 I.
LNT.HE
QUAINT OLD
LJS.ND OF
DIMES KMQ DITCHES.
.NEW T.HLNGS. STRJLNSE T-HI.NSS.
T.HI.NSS OF JIUJMLN PICTURESQUE TJII«NfiS.
INTEREST. SOOD LITERATURE.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
BELAY PACKET IN OHIO,
One of the Couriers Disabled in
the Night When Near
Chicago.
The Time Across the Continent Will
Bs About Twelve Days aad
Twenty Hours.
The San Francisco Examiner's and New
York Journal's bicycle relay packet ar
rived in Chicago at 5 o'clock yesterday
morning. The packet was then fourteen
hours behind the schedule time as the
schedule is read at this end of the route.
An accident happened to Courier Cap
tain Crawford near Turner, a few miles
west of Chicago. In speeding along in the
darkness he was thrown from his wheel.
In the fall his collar-bone was broken.
His companion, Cummines, rendered all
the assistance possible and endeavored to
get his disabled comrade sheltered in a
farmhouse, bui the farmer, whose slumber
was disturbed, declined to receive com
pany at that hour of tne night. Cum
mings rode on alone -to Turner, the next
relay station.
The watchers at the Postoffice in Chi
cago waited anxiously from 3 until 5
o'clock in the morning for the incoming
courier. Once in the city the conditions
were favorable for high speed. The streets
were clear of traffic and some swift run
ning was made.
The night superintendent at the Post
office signed at 5:06. Forty-fivo minutes
later the packet was at Kensington, fmeen
miles distant. F. Hovey and C. P. Root
wheeled to Hammond, eieht miles, in
thirty minutes. Tt;e Indiana wheelmen
taking the packet did fine work.
A wondeiful felt was performed yester
day by N. E. Kimball. who rode from
Kendallville to Butler, over newly plowed
roads, twenty-one and a half miles, in 1
hour and 4 minutes.
C. H. Walfort and George Hammond
were iisteu for a record trial from Perrys
bur« to Woodvilif, tw nty miles.
Dispatc.es to the Examiner from To
ledo ii.= t nisjht reported courier arrivals at
Bryan 7:30 r. m., Wauseon 9:27 p. m. and
De!talO:l2p. ji.
The packet was expected at Toledo at
midnight. It was to be carried from Rat
tlesnake Corner to Toledo (ten miles) by
William G. Alexander, a courier 57 years
old.
The packet should be in Cleveland to
day. The schedule calls for arrival in
New York Sunday afternoon, bnt the in
dications are that the terminal ttation
will not be reached until Monday morning.
From the present outlook it appears that
the winning time across the continent
from San Francisco to Now York wili be
about twelve days and twenty hours.
Dying From Starvation.
Philip Lima, a man about 40 years of age,
went to 917 Pacific street about two weeks ugo
and asked for something to eat and some
where to sleep. He got a meal and was told
lie could sleep in the outhouse all ni^ht, but
would have to go away in the morning. List
fright he was iound in the outhouse appareutly
dying from starvation, and was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. He was too weak to talk.
56
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 5, 1898
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free!
Dally and Sunday Calx., one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5 j
Dally and Sunday Cam, one year, by mall . . . 6.00 I
Daily and Sunday Calx, nix months, by mail.. 8.00 )
Dally and Sunday Caix, three months by mall 1.60 j
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65 j
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Willkly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
I*. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone.. ..Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS t
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
t:SO o'clock. ,
830 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 J-arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntil 9 o'clock.
2918 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lit Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE I
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
B«oma 81 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DA YIP M. FOLTZ, Special Agent. ■ •
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL..
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOE PBESIOENT-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, or Ohio
rOE TICK- DEN T-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
When men are employed money circu
lates.
When we have protection we have pros
perity. It never fails.
Bryan might as well call himself a Pop
ulist, for honest Democracy has repudiated
him.
With McKinley in office and Cleveland
out of it there will be a big difference in
this country.
We have no right to be proud of our
home industries unless we care enough for
them to vote to protect them.
Palmer and Buckner are botn Kentuck
ians and, of course, the Blue Grass boys
will support them with a vim.
Boies has made one speech and Teller
has made one speech, but where are Joseph
Sibley, Claude Matthews and Bilver Dick?
Judcinp by the ticket it put up honest
Democracy is old enough to go on the re
tired list without any loss to the country.
Everything comes to those who wait.
General Palmer has been expecting a
nomination for the Presidency ever since
1872.
The Republican pledge to promote the
free coinage of silver by international
agreement is something the people can
count on.
It looks a little bit as if tbeir opposition
to the youthfulness of the boy orator had
led the gold Democrats to go to the op
posite extreme.
Bryan's oratory i 3 beginning to sound
strikingly like that of a parrot, and he
might as well teach his speech to a bird
and send the bird around the country.
When the stalwart Democratic bolt
shows itself on election day Bryan will
appear about as solitary as the boy who
stood on the burning deck whence all but
him had fled.
Now that conservative Democrats have
a platform of their own it matters very
little to them what becomes of the thing
that was nailed together at Chicago and
labeled Democracy.
The Indianapolis platform calls far free
trade, the gold standard and the retire
ment of greenbacks, and as a consequence
the call sounds more like a summons to
the dead than to the livine.
The Vermont farmers know that protec
tion is the chief issue of the campaign,
because they have felt the injury of Ca
nadian competition with their products,
and that is why they voted as they did.
Not Jong ago the Democratic orators and
organs were mocking at Major McKinley
as a man of one idea, but now the mockery
has stopped. They have been reading the
speeches of McKinley and also those of
Bryan.
It is a matter of satisfaction to all good
citizens that sincere Democrats who are
honestly loyal to their convictions have a
chance now to vote for their party with
out having to vote for Allgeldism at the
same time.
The exhibit of home products at Me
chanics' Pavilion is not more interesting
as an evidence of what we have done than
as an intimation of what we can do as soon
as we have legislation that will encourage
manufactures instead of retarding them.
The protest against Bryanism made by
conservative Democrats doe» them honor
and will be accounted to their credit, but
nevertheless every man of good business
sense knows the safest way to maintain
our financial system and restore prosper
ity is to vote for McKinley.
A correspondent asks: "If the $262,
-000,000 United States bonds issued by the
present administration are not fiat money
pure and simple what are they?" They
are promises to pay in coin and constitute
a debt imposed upon the people by Demo
cratic financiering and deficit revenues.
Among the letters from the people which
we receive is one asking information in re
gard to the failure of Congress to carry
out the often-made pledge to the people
to restrict the importation of cheap labor
from Europe. This is one of the issues of
the campaign in which the workingmen
rightly take a great deal of interest. Our
immigration restriction laws have hereto
fore been ineffective to a large extent and
the people will note with satisfaction Mc-
Kinley's statement in his letter of accept
ance: "I am in hearty sympathy with
the present legislation restraining foreign
immigration and favor such extension of
the law as will secure the United States
from invasion by the debased and crimi
nal classes of the Ola World."
OCEAN COMMERCE.
We favor restoring the early American policy
if discriminating duties for the upbuilding of
)ur merchant marine and the protection of
Jar shipping in the foreign carrying trade, so
Chat American ships— the product of American
labor, employed in American shipyards, sail
ing under the Stars and Stripes, and manned,
officered and owned by Americans— may regain
the carrying of our foreign commerce. — Repub
ican National Platform.
When tha Republican party assumes
the direction of the affairs of the Nation
;hree things will engage its immediate at
eution, viz. : protection to American in
iustries, reciprocal trade a o reements with
ither countries and the restoration of
A.merica's merchant marine to where it
tvaa before Democratic in competency drove
t off the seas.
There is no doubt at all of the ability of
:hia country to handle its own ocean
jarrymg trade. The idea that we must
sail in a foreign craft when we have goods
to ship abroad is preposterous. We do
not have to leave our own shores for men,
material or capital to build ships. We
have everything that is needed to supply
the worid'a ocean commerce, except such
encouragement to the industry as shall
enable it to get on its feet, so to speak.
Now, it is the purpose of the Republican
party to give the required encouragement
just so long as it is needed to enable
American ships to compete with foreign
marine service. The Republican party is
very clear and emphatic in its declaration
on the subject of an American merchant
marine. It takes no middle course.
California is especially interested in the
revival of American shipping. Naturally
all ships for Pacific Ocean service would
bs built in San Francisco, for the coast
country has every needed material in ship
building. The building of vessels alone
would swell the volume of general busi
ness enormously, but great as it would be
the value of the new commerce which a
well-established merchant marine would
create would undoubtedly be many^times
greater. It is predicted that in time the
commerce of the Pacific Ocean will exceed
that of the Atlantic, but whether it ever
does or not a subsidized merchant marine
would make San Francisco the center of
trade accumulation and distribution for
the North and South American coast of the
Pacific Ocean, as well as the money center
for all home and international commerce.
It certainly is worth the while of Califor
nia's business men to pay some attention
to the pledges of the Republican party in
this matter, for, as a matter of fact, this
State must look to ocean commerce if she
would be commercially and financially
great.
There is an honest way to make money
plenty in this country. It is a better way
than the one proposed by Mr. Bryan and his
supporters — to double the number of dollars in
circulation by reducing their value one-half.
It has recently been proclaimed by Major Me-
Kinley. He says: "Protect our American
industries, open our shops, mills, mints and
factories, and thus enable the initlions of
honest, hard-working men now idle to resum-e
-work at remunerative prices, to be paid in
good money, and so create and increase the
demand for farm products." Do this and we
shall then be abl-e to pay our honest debts,
both public and private, in honest money. —
Ex-Senator Harlan.
THE DIFFERENCE.
The difference between the demeanor of
Major McKinley and Mr. Bryan when be
fore the public is so great that it is re
marked upon. Mr. Bryan appears to think
the people want a cap-and-bells campaign,
and he tries to out-Herod Herod. He uses
the most extravagant expressions for mere
dramatic effect, and recites jokes and wit
ticisms to the groundlings for the hurrahs
they elicit. He appeals to the vicious in
stinct that he may lash bis audience into
furious demonstrations of hatred. He
makes word-pictures of one class of his
fellow-citizens that are calculated to infu
riate another class. He sacrifices the truth
of history to strengthen effort to mislead.
Mr. Bryan is making the position of a can
didate for President of the greatest coun
try in the world a very cheap thing by put
ting it on a level with ward politics and
traveling shows.
On the other hand, Major McKinley
never fails to appreciate the exalted posi
tion of one who is called to lead a great
party in a political campaign for the Presi
dency. There is entire absence of show
and acting when the people call upon him.
With Major McKinley, even the prospect
of being called UDon to direct the destiny
of 70,000,000 people is a serious matter; be
sides, he enters into the question of how
tne condition of the people may be bet
tered, and what will best keep aglow the
patriotism of the people with honest zeal.
He ia only desirous that his countrymen
mey go from strength to strength in all
that promises good for home and country.
He is actuated by a sincere regard for the
people's welfare, and whil9 he faces dnty
with lofty determination to win in the
people's cause, he makes no idle boasts,
nor does he tell th« people of "my plat
form," nor yet is it ever "I am I."
Bryan is imbued with the idea that he
is necessary to the country. Major Mc-
Kinley believes the country is necessary
to Him. Bryan beiieves whatever his pol
icy Is should be the people's policy. Major
McKinley believes he should consult with
the people and conform to their interests.
Bryan tninks the people should sit at his
feet and learn wisdom. Major McKinley
believes he should learn of the people.
Bryan says he is at enmity with the East,
Major McKinley loves eveiy American
citizen. In short, Bryan represents in
himself the small but ambitious politician
who would overthrow the very founda
tion of the Government for self-advantage.
Major McKinley risked hi? own life to save
the foundation of the Government from
the hand of the enemy, and he stands to
day the wise, the dignified, the patriotic
and unyielding representative of the
same principles. Major McKinley is of
himself the highest type of the patriotic
American sovereign. Mr. Bryan is an
ambitious politician. It is for the people
to say which of these types of American
ism they will choose to direct their public
affairs.
No Eepublican candidate has ever appealed
to the masses as against the classes, nor sought
to upbuild himself or his party by an appeal
to prejudice and sectionalism, and no He
publican municipality has ever voted to re
pudiate an honest debt, either public or
private. The history of the Nation cannot be
written with the great leaders of the Republi
cans left out, and whatever stress of weather
we may have been in to secure the vote of the
people, no Republican convention has pand
ered to the socialists nor taken off its Ameri
can cap to bow dou-n before the red flag of
anarchy. — Bon. William E. Mason.
BOURBONS IN THE SADDLE,
The Indianapolis convention, with its
declaration of principles, has passed into
history. It was an event full of signifi
cance as showing how men of great minds
may be a century behind the age. It was
a convention of Father Grimeses. There
was nothing modern about it. It lived in
the " 'fore de wah " times and breathed
the atmosphere of the long ago. The work
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
was in harmony with the thought of the
grandfathers of the party when the stage
coach and the canal-boat furnished very
rapid transit.
The platform is clear and very easy to
understand. It does not deal in glittering
generalities, but declares boldly for free
trade and gold money. For consistency
in adhering to Democratic principles the
convention is to be congratulated. There
never was a time when the true Democrat
did not oppose even an approach to pro
tection and a monetary system that was
not based upon gold.
It would be hard to say what influence
this wing of the Democratic party will ex
ert in the November election, but that it
will spend money with a liberal nand to
defeat Bryan there is no doubt whatever.
The leaders have lost sight of their old
enemy, the Republican party, in the fury
of their rage over the capture of the Chi
cago convention by deserters from their
own household, and they will leave no stone
unturned tnat can be used in the work of
crushing the nominees of "Alteeld's rab
ble." They have but one object — to pre
vent the election of the Chicago nominees,
and since they possess the brains and the
money of the Democracy their work
against Brvan will tell all along the line.
Nevertheless, had they allowed their
pood sense instead of tbeir hatred of
Bryan to prevail, they would have seen
that the surest way to put upon Bryan the
shame of the most ciushintr defeat ever
administered to a man by the people of
America would be to join heart and hand
with the Republican party "for this day
only," for the Republican party is com
missioned by the guardian angel of the
people to smite Bryanism to the death
with the sword of justice, iruth and
liberty. ___________
Go through the list of prominent promoters
of free-silver coinage; you will find there the
old promoters of the greenback party. The
sectio?is that were most infected with that
heresy are now most violent for silver. It is
believed that if Bryan were elected Richard P.
Bland of Missouri would become Secretary of
the Treasury. When he UHU pressing the pas
sage of his free-coinage bill in Co7igrpss in
1878 Mr. Bland declared his true sentiments
when he said that if the silver men could not
pass afree-coinag; act he was "in favor of
issuing paper money enough to stuff down the
bondholders un'il they are sick." — Governor
Griggs of New Jersey.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
There will be many things of unusual
interest in to-morrow's edition of The
Call, and nearly all of them will be hand
somely and artistically illustrated. It is
the custom of The Sunday Call to present
its readers with not only all the news of
the world, but with many new and original
features of genuine human interest — and
of particular interest to the inhabitants of
the Pacific Coast. Look at the titles of
some of the many and varied subjects that
will appear in to-morrow's issue, and you
will see that it is not likely to be le.-s
interesting than usual.
San Francisco's Barriers Against Oriental
Plaeues.
Two Versions of Baron yon Schroeder's
Great Bear Story.
Borne Character Sketches of the Great
Naturalist Audubon, by Joseph A.
Coolidge of this City.
A Wonderful and Successful Experi
ment in Hypnotism.
The Center of Civilization Is Moving to
San Francisco.
Producing Animal Life by Means of
Electricity.
One More Reason for Cremation.
In the Quaint Old Land of Dunes and
Ditches.
Where the Poor Who Are Pick Find
Assistance in the Hour of Their Greatest
Need.
Hints in Landscape Composition for
Amateur Photographers.
The Man Who Tamed Texas and Killed
Many Outlaws.
The Last Chapter of That Weird and
Debatable Tale of Death Valley.
The Hands of Women.
The Last Boat.
Baird's List of Records, the Fashions,
and Many Columns of Good Literature.
If any Democrat wants a third ticket, why,
let him have it. But, really, what need is
there for another ticket when the one all
controlling issue it squarely joined in the two
tickets already nominatedt Are you for an
honest dollar and an honest country t You
have McKinley to vote for. Are you for
repudiation and a cheap and dishonest dollar f
Then Bryan is your man. There is a ticket
for each side already in the field, and there
cannot be three tides to that question. — New
York Sun.
WHAT RECIPROCITY DOES.
Our people know in a i-enerai way that
reciprocal trade relations with other coun
tries would be highly advantageous to us,
but very few appreciate fully tno im
portance of maintaining such relations.
Reciprocal trade means free trade in such
articles of commerce as do' not come in
hurtful competition with articles which
we produce. With a country that raises
coffee, say, but does not raise wheat, we
could have such trade relations to
our advantage, because it would give
our farmers another market for their prod
uce, and at the same time give the whole
country coffee at the lowest possible cost.
What is true of wheat and coffee is true
of every other commercial article; but of
course we should not permit the foreign
producers of wheat or any other article of
trade which would come In competition
with any of the products of our industries
to sustain reciprocal relation? with us.
That is to say, by way of illustration,
we could not allow an American maker of
goods and wares to exchange them for
Argentina wheat, for that would be aiding
one home industry at the expense of an
other home industry. The home people
buy his goods and wares, thus furnishing
him a market, and he should buy his sup
plies of his home people that they may
bave a home market. This is the whole
principle of protection and reciprocity. It
is free trade where free trade is better for
us than protection, and protection where
protection is better for us than free trade.
Boiled down, so to speak, the Republican
party's theory of conducting the Govern
ment is to give Americans every oppor
tunity to benefit themselves, and it means
for tho best interests of Americans first,
last and all the time.
To prove that enormous trade expan
sion may bt had under properly adjusted
reciprocal trade intercourse with other
countries there is abundant data of a
purely official character. We mean the
official export and import merchandise
statistics of the National Treasury De
partment. The principal nations which
entered into reciprocal trade relations
with us under the provisions of the "Mc-
Kinley act" were Brazil, Porto Rico,
Cuba, the German Empire, Salvador, Brit
ish West Indies, Nicaragua, Guatemala,
Costa Rica, Honduras, Austria-Hungary
and France and her colonies. It was late
in 1891 and early in 1892 when these agree
ments became effective, but as is well
known they were abrogated by the W 11
-son-Gorman Dill.
During the continuance of the a&ree
ment our flour trade alone with Cuba in
creased from 114,441 barrels in 1891 to 662,
-248 barrels in 1894, which was over 480 per
cent. The first year after the agreement
was abrogated Cuba took from us only
379,856 barrels. How near we came to
controlling th« flour trade of Cuba under
the reciprocity agreement will be under
stood when it is said that imports of flour
to that country, from countries other than
the United States, fell off from 86,519 baes
in the three month.3 prior to the agree
ment to 4268 bags in the same months in
the following year.
In 1891 i>orto Rico took 127,983 barrels
of flour from us and 200.000 barrels in
1894, but under the Wilson-Gorman act in
1895 we sold only 118,617 barrels. During
the first year of the operation of the agree
ments our reciprocal trade increased
nearly $21,000,000, tt«at is to say other
countries increased their purchases of
American articles of trade by that amount.
It will be understood that we had hardly
got the machinery of these agreements in
working order when they were abrogated
by the Cleveland administration, but
enough was accomplished to show the im
portance of such trade relations with other
countries to us. T&e Republican party is
pledged to renew the agreements and in
crease our trade with tlio.-e countries, and
the Bryanites are pledged to oppose any
and all forms of reciprocal trade inter
course with other countries. As a busi
ness proposition business men should
want the Republican policy to t>revaiL
PERSONAL.
A. J. Bogle of Movirtt Island is In town.
M. E. Clowe of Yolo is at the Occidental.
Arthur S. Gore of Victoria, B. C, is in town.
G. McNeil, a business man of Modesto, is in
the city.
Dr. Chapman of San Diego is among the ar
rivals here.
W. P. Phelan of Whipple Barracks Is at the
New Western.
Miss E. Saxeman of Juneau, Alaska, is at
the Occidental.
E. S. Farrington, a business man of Elko,
New, is at the Lick.
James O'Brien, a wealthy miner of Smarts
ville, is at the Russ.
Deputy Sheriff J. L. Johnson of Mendocino
County is at the Russ.
Barney Ferguson, the New York society
actor, is at the Baldwin.
J. 8. Templin, a leading mining man of
Idaho, is on a visit here.
J. Lewis and wife of Hollister are guests at
the Cosmopolitan HoteL
Among the arrivals here yesterday was W.
L. Goodrich of Jackson, Mich.
United States Marshal William Collins of
Alaska is one of the visitors here.
J. Keegan, a mine-owner of Chico, Isat the
Cosmopolitan Hotel with his wife.
J. Jeane, an extensive farmer and wholesale
butcher of Winters, is at the Russ.
George If. Stewart and wife of Seattle, Wash.,
arrived in San Francisco yesterday. ■
F. Hagstrom, a merchant of Portland, Or., i
registered at the Cosmopolitan HoteL
Allen Belis of Forepaugh's <fc Sells' circus Is
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
L. Martinetli, the owner of an extensive
dairy at Marshall, is at the Commercial.
T. E. Collins, proprietor of the Ogle House,
Fresno, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. J. Binney of Alarysville, who has been in
the City for several days, left for home yester
day.
H. W. Newby of Washington, D. C, long con
nected with the United states Geological Sur
vey, is at the Palace.
Lewis P. Wiel, vice-president of the fi.rm of
Buckingham iHecht, will leave to-day on a
business trip to Boston.
L. L. Boune, owner of a large area of land
near Sacramento, and an extensive grain
grower and raiser of iruit, is at the Russ.
J. P. Parkinson, a member of the Seattle
Post-In tellingencer staff, is in the City. He
will visit Lake Tahoe, and will spend a few
days in his old home at Carson, Nev.
H. M. Singer of Pasadena, of the family who
patented the Singer sewing machine and was
the cause of making mints of money, is at the
Palace, accompanied by Mrs. Singer.
W.H. Howard of Buluwayo, South Africa,
who has been examining some of the gold dis
tricts of British Columbia, is in the City. He
will leave to-day on his return to South Africa.
Dr. Robert Mackenzie t the eloquent minister
of the First Presby terian Church, has finished
his vacation and returned to the City. The
doctor is looking much improved by his out
ing.
Herman Oelrichs, Mir. Oelrichs and Miss
Virginia Fair of New York are on their way
here and arc expected to arrive in about a
week. They are witness in the Fair will
case.
A. Robinson of Stockton, who has been en
gaged in connection with important work on
the seawall, arrived here yesterday with his
family. Henceforth they will make their
home here. They are at the Russ.
Rev. Dr. Thomas Chalmers Easton of Wash
ington, D. C, is in ;he City. He is visiting his
sons and will preach next Sabbath in Trinity
Presbyterian Church. He is the guest of Dr.
Daniel E. F. Easton, 1371 Haight street.
Mrs. A. J. Marceau has been seriously ill
during the past two weeks from nervous pros
tration, at her home, 733 Ashbury street. At
one time her physicians thought her condition
very grave, but she is considerably improved
now. '
Charles Filippini, a wealthy dairyman of
Sonoma, who is known among the Swiss and
Italian people from one end el California to
the other, is at the Commercial on his way to
Switzerland, and will leave to-day. He is
accompanied by his family.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4.— At the West
minster—.Mrs. C. Waterhouse, E. R. Marshall.
Warwick— C. Agnew. Metropolitan— Geistlich.
Graud Union— W. J. Gorman. Everett— Mrs.
C. A. Tabe. Grand— G. Martin and wife. Gll
sey—A. L. Wisner. Vendome— Miss A. C.
Schafer. Hoffmann— W. C. Ralston. Holland—
D. Drysdale and wife. St. Cloud— D. X. Finn.
Mr. and Mrs. Victor Guginer left the Westmln-
Mtr Hotel to sail on the Kormannia for Ham
burg.
"THE CALL" COMPOSING ROOM
A Sight Which Pleased a Cottnisy Editob on
His Visit to San Francisco.
The following communication was recently
received by The Call. It is only one of many
containing similar sentiments which the pro
prietor is constantly receiving and of which
he is deeply appreciative:
Hon. Charles M. Shortridge, the enterpris
ing editor of The Call— a journal which
"speaks for all" but "itself"— in one respect is
too modest. He should not be backward in
emblazoning in big black type upon bis edi
torial page the fact that The Call is set by
hand composition instead of by machine. We
are led to make these remarks by tho circum
stances attending a recent visit to The Call
establishment. In our endeavors to find the
genial managing editor's sanctum, starting
from the city editor's precincts, our wander
ings led us through a labyrinth of typestands
and a small army of contented-looking male
and female compositors, all busy with the
typesetting and distribution and other at
tendant details necessary for the Issuance ot a
•'hand-set" newspaper.
We had just come from another daily news
paper office where "machines" had largely
dispensed with handwork and the contrast
between the two establishments was to us
quite startling and certainly instructive.
How cold aud uncharitable seemed the
machines on the one hand, and how full of
life, contentment and interest were the throng
of compositors on the other hand.
If the public— the newspaper-reading people
—could be impressed with the contrasts as we
were Impressed we honestly believe the circu
lation of The Call— "a great newspaper" in
deed as well as in name— would forge ahead of
all of the machine-set dailies— and perhaps it
does for aught we know. Mr. Shortridge had
no need to apologize for alluding to the fact
that ho was a practical exponent of labor, as
he did in a campaign speech a short time ago.
And, as before stated, he should not hesitate to
print in bcld type upon his leading page.
"The Call is set by hand composition." aud
whether he does this or not the public should
at all times bear this very important "labor
factor" iv mind and remember it sub
stantially. COUMBY EDITOE.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Bishop C. D. Foss, the eminent divine of the
Church founded by John Wesley, is making his
first vicit to San Francisco in twelve years.
During the last few days at the Occidental,
where the venerable Bishop is staying, he has
recivea a great many calls from old friends
and people interested in church and mission
work.
The Bishop has been in the service of the
church along while, and has been stationed
in many different parts of the country. He
Bisbop C D. Foss, the Eloquent Divine of the M. E. Church, Who Is Here to
Hold the Annual Conferences.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
has come out from his home in Philadelphia
to hold the reeular annual conferences, trie
one at Pacific Grove on September 9 and the
other at Los Angeles at a later date. Each is
expected to last about a week.
Bishop Foss wears a rather heavy beerd,
which has become much whitened in recent
years.
He is regarded as one of the most eloquent
men In the Methodist ministry. At all the
gatherings of his church whenever he speaks
he is listened to with unusual interest.
HER DEAR LITTLE BONNET.
Tier dear little bonnet
W lth red ribbon on It
Is a theme for a sonnet.
. (Ah, me!) ■ ;', ■>-#■■■:
A sonnet— l owe it,
I feel it, I know it.
A world for » poet!
(Ah, me!)
.. ..' But the dear little bonnet
I With ribbon bows on it,
Though worthy a sonnet
• • (Ah, me!) '
Shades blue eyes that shine so,
I That twinkle at mine so,
And lips that Incline so!
(Ah, me!)
" • So the dear little bonnet :
With crimson gleams on it -
Has never a sonnet.
(Ah. me!)
For the lips merely mutter
. • The *on=: they would utter
 When the hear.'* in a flatter.
(Ah, we!) - •
—Frank L. Stanton, in Chicago Times-Herald
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE SAFE REMEDY.
International Bimetallism Explained By
Mb. A. J. Dill.
To the Editor of The Call -Sir: Since free
coinage of silver would be a manifold curse
to the United States and international bimet
allism would be a boon, according to the Re
publican platform which condemns the one
and is pledged to promote the other; and since
free coinage is easily understood while inter
national bimetallism appears^lo be a sort of
ignis fatuus or financial flea to those who do
not understand what Republicans mean as
they use the term, it seemed a proper thing
for me, although a Populist, to ask some good
McKinley Republican to tell me just what we
would have in place of free coinage if we
could ever induce "the leading commercial
nation* of the eurth" to give up thesingle gold
standard and adopt a system unknown in the
financial history oi the world ; ana I also asked
this McKinley Republican to show how free
coinage would be a curse when international
bimetallism would be a boon to all the com
mercial nations.
Happily my appeal was not in vain, for A.
J. Dill has made reply and has rendered a
service for which I thank him, although he
atfttes that his purpose is "to say something
for the benefit of the honest and well-meaning
voter," rather than to satisfy me. So far as I
am able to judge I think there is no reason
whatever that justifies Mr. Dill in anything I
have written, said or done for excluding me
irom the class he designates as honest and
well-meaning voters, and I shall leave it to the
readers of The Call to judge whether it was
kind or fair for Mr. Dill to imply such ex
clusion.
The greater part of Mr. Dill's reply or ex
planation is devoted to criticism in disparage
ment of those whom he designates monometal
lism, in which I agree with him; but I must
dissent when he says that "able advocates of
free sliver coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1 ad
mit that the country may go to a silver basis
if their theory prevails." I must challenge
that statement. I deny it, and Mr. Dill must
name these "able advocates" or admit his mis
take. In the meantime let Mr. Dill inform the
honest and well-meaning voter as to whether
this country was on a silver basis in 1873 and
for eighty years prior. One line of fact is
worth whole volumes of theory, especially
such theory as that offered by "Mr. Dill and
other McKinley Repuoiicans on the subject of
free coinage.
But let us pass on to Mr. Dill's explanation
of international bimetallism, found In
his last paragraph. He says: "Bimetal
lists contend that if come intermedi
ate point between 16 and 30 could be
agreed upon and that ratio maintained a
while then 16 to 1 could be reached and main
tained." In a word, the harm done, the dis
aner caused by the restoration of silver to free
coinage at 1G to 1, would be obviated by bis
plan. I fear that it is too much like the boy's
plan to cut off a part of the dog's tail at a time
so as not to hurt the dog so much.
But let us assume that "some intermediate
point between 16 and 30 could be agreed npon
and that ratio maintained a while." What;
follows? If ive make it halfway, at 23, then It
would hurt the pensioner and the laborer (and
the multi-millionaire I) only half as much as to
go at once from 30 to 16. Is that it, Mr. Dill?
If so, then what becomes of the present silver
coins until they can be recoined? Are they
money? If so, what kind? How would a dol
lar or a 50-cent piece be rated ? Wn&t would
they be wonh? Iv fact, would we have any
silver coin for present use ?
Of course I understand that our present dol
lar would be 75 cents at the ratio of 23 to 1,
and a half dollar would be 37'^' cents, a quar
ter dollar 18% cents and a dime 7J.j cents.
But how would it workT 1 fear that the people
would not like it and would prefer to be hurt
twice as much, if they wouid be hurt al all,
and at once, go back to the same old ratio
which worked so well from 1792 to 1875, &ud
keep the silver coins we now have and have
always used. ,
But let us suppose that the McKinleyßepuD
lican plan is the best and that McKinley as he
says in his letter of acceptance, "if elecl f,.
President, it will be his duty to emplo> ail
honorable means to promote international
agreement," and that lie succeeds in securing
it, no mat'.er how improbable it may be, wit a
all the leading commercial nations ot tne
earth opposed to it and in favor of the sine.c
gold standard, will Mr. Dill please tell the
honest and well-meaning voter about now
long it will take to rcooln our present silver
money into the new 23 to 1 coins?
Major McKinley in his letter of acceptance
says that "during nnd since 1878 there has
been put in circulation more than $624,000,
-000 of silver or its representative," and that
'•prior to that time" some .^9. 000, 000 were
coined, making a totnl of $(»33,0U0,000. It is
said that we can coin $40,0(H>,0u0 n year, pre
sumably in dollar pieces. Suppose then that we
cun only dollar pieces. an«l that we have but
!f400,000,000 instead of $633,000,000 to re
com. Only a slight acquaintance wiin arith
metic will show the honest and well-meaning
voter that ten years will pass before the $4.00,
-000,000 can be recoined into dollars alone.
In the meantime no new or additional silver
could hi coined, and in the end we should
have only three-quarters as .much money a»
we now have. Of course, the Europeans won id
have to recoin their silver also. And when It
is ail done, it is only ior -'awhile," and then
we are to go back to 16 to 1 and recoin it all
over again. I prefer to i?o on with our present
ratio of 16 to 1, and add some new silver to
the present volume as soon as Bryan Is elected
and goes into efflce.
Joseph Asbtjry Johnson.
San Francisco, Sept. 3, 1896.
JEERED NO MORE.
An Incident of the Civil War in Which
General Buckner Figured.
To the Editor of the Han Francisco Callr- Sir:
The nomination of General Simon Bolivar
Buckner of Kentucky for Vice-President brings
vividly to my mind an incident of the Civil
War.
General Buckner, after surrendering to Gen
eral Grant at Fort DoneUon, was put on
board a transport with other prisoners of war
and conveyed down the Tennessee and uo the
Ohio River to the Indiana shore, opposite
Louisville, where they disembarked en route
to Camp Morton, in Indiana.
As General Buckner was being escorted up
the levee, guarded by a file of soldiers under
command of a lieutenant, a crowd of spectators
collected and the rabble began jeering and
offering Insults to Geueral Buckner, the first
full general prisoner that had Deen landed on
Northern soil.
The lieutenant, a courteous gentleman and
every inch a soldier, nailed just for a moment
and warned the crowd that "General B ickner,
as a prisoner of war, was a guest of the United
States, and that the first rowdy who offered
any further insults would be sent to jail."
The jeering ceased. Frank B. Shahfe.
LADY'S WAIST WITH SURPLICE
EFFECT.
A graceful shape is here shown, which is
used for silk, wool or cotton fabrics. It is es
pecially adapted for combinations of fabrics.
A dress of dark blue mohair had the yoke top
of embroidered batiste of flax color. The de
sign was very open, and displayed the lining
of grass-green silk. The sleeve trimming was
of embroidery to match; turn-up cuffs of the
fine embroidery over green silk fiuished the
waist.
Two-toned silk in black and rose color made
a handsome waist to • wear with a black satin
or crepon skirt. The trimming was of black
guipure.
A dark green boucle canvas cloth had a
yoke of white satin with yellowish lace over it
• A blue and black silk of stripes fully half an
inch wide had the yoke of Bilk with the strip*
bUcTcLffon 186 - The Sleeve .«Pe«:were?!f
♦ Striped cottons make, up effectively after
this model. . The sleeve capes being cut in sec
tions, the stripes marking in points at the
*$£ w^ 6 , 8 . a trimmi "X complete in itself. °
i.£v w*ist ismade with a fitted lining which
hooks in front Over this the yoke top is
s'uraH^* Vu- l ft v should and wm size, the
1 f^f 180 hooking over on the left side.
Ihani «Jh S ar « v th vopui&v and stylish bishop
shape.and may be finished with a plain band or
enn» n r g J : H,\ i™ 16 , C ° Uftr ° f °° * fitted
collar which hooks in front.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
President Octave Chanute of the American
Society of Civil Engineers has offered a prize
of ?100 lor the best monograph on the kite,
giving a full theory of the mechanics and it.
bihty, with quantitative computations "£
pended.
Pnnccss Isabella of Genoa has become the
mother of the only girl baby in the lviu a
royel family.
"THE CALL."
Appreciative Comments by a Los
Angeles Editor.
Los Angeles Express.
' The CALL, which, since it came under tho
management of C. M. Shortridge, has taken a
position second to that of | no other journal on
the coast, has been devoting .- considerable
space of late to Los Angeles, and every few
weeks published some very interesting illus
trated article* on one or other attractive fea
ture of local "life. Thus, on August 3, it dealt
with our public school system, and especially
our new schools, and on August 24 devoted
several columns to "Los Angeles' Building
B The"articles are well written and exhaus
tive of each of the subjects treated of and are
prepared under the auspices of the Chamber
of Commerce, the Board of Trade .and the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association. This
system of a series, of articles, instead of one
covering a dozen papers, is ft very wise inno
vation, as people will read articles occasion
ally when they will not wade through columns
.of stuff. Speaking ot building, in this city,
The Call says : U
The building boom Men Loa Angeles has been
enjoying for the last live yeais goes on apace. It
was thought that the climax wi.B reached last year
wh.Mi tn • City Superintendent of Buildings lssmd
2415 penults for building improvements approxi
mating in cost nearly $4,00U,000. This was ex
clusive of the outlay of $'-'88,000 by the city for
new Bchoolhouses and $00,000 for a Central, police
station. " ' '
Much of th» work for which permits were
granted In 3895 was. Of course, not completed
within the year, so even If no additional work bad
.been undertaken saw, plane and hammer would
'have kept up their merry chorus until now.
Building operations projected during the first
seven months of 1896, however, exceeJ In volume
those of 1895, though the estimated cost is not so
great.
1 Referring to our public school system, It
'Bays:' .:.■•....<......
■ If there Is one thing above another which th»
wideawake residents of Los Angeles are proud of
it is the facilities afforded by the city for schooling
the rising generation. Few cities in the land are
better equipped In this respect, none have made
more rapid strides in thin direction. It Is doubtful
whether the record made by Los- Aneeies In the
last school; year in the matter of building school
houses has . ever been equaled by any city of the
same size in a like period. . . '■'
Article: -Hire these are of benefit to a city,
appearing as they do in a paper of the charac
ter and general circulation of TBE Call, and
the people of Los Angeles are showing. their
appreciation of Mr. Shortridge's efforts to ad
vertise the town by adding their names in
large numbers to his subscription lists. ,
I Old Fashioned Boston Mints. Townsend's. •
V ,''"•' '".,'.'■•"*' "t' '.''. ''- '■'.. '
■ Towksend'3 famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c*
■ «« — — • . ; ■
Townsknd's California glace fruits, 50c Ib.
In Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.. Palace. *
— •—• — ♦ — • ■ - ■
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
«—« — « — •
Will AssUU
Tulare Register
The Call of Monday devotes a large portion
of a page to reproducing photographs of the
officers of the Tulere McKinley Club. Accom
panying the cuts is a mention of each. The
club is mentioned as the strongest political
organization ever formed in Tulare, which is
true. It expects to do good work during the
campaign, and assistance from THE Call will
not come amiss nor will it be unappreciated.
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which, run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving' at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ticket
office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Mute 1531." .; .. :" , .'7
Aix lovers of , the delicacies of the table use Dr.
Slegerr's Angostura ' Bitters to secure a . good ,
digestion. -V r ' . ",J ; ;>'rr 'i;<V '.'.'■'•■■': "-•-"■ . .V, ••'"■'."
Thk great popularity of Ayer*s Pills la due to
their universal usefulness and their freedom Jrouj
all injurious ingredients.
One of the Best.
Pasadena News.
The ban Francisco Call is one of the very
best papers on the coast, and for genuine good
old Republicanism it is not excelled.
. . . MEW TO-DAY. ::■'■;:
&AiciHo
POWDER
Absolutely Pure*
■ A cream of tartar baking powder. ~ Highest of
all in leavening . strength.— Xoleri UniUd State*
Government Food Report. ■■■ -
Royal Baking I'owdeb Co., New York.
GEN. W. H, L BARNES
WIIX
ADDRESS THE PEOPLE
■ •
— -ON— —
THE CANDIDATES
AND
THE PLATFORMS
— —AT THE—
AUDITORIUM,
;, COR. EDDY AND JONES STA
TO-MORROW (Saturday) EVEXIXG.
EVERYBODY WELCOME!
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Central
Committee.
M. R.HIGQINS, Secretary^Wftt c£kll
5ATURDAY........... ....SEPTEMBER 5, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bai.t>win Thkatkb.— "Madame Sans Gene."
Columbia Theater— "The Social Trust."
V okobco's 01 ERA-bocßy—^Held in Slavery."
Tivou Opkxa-Housk.— "Rigoletto."
Orpheck— Hlch-Class Vandevllle.
Aica7ar Thkatkr.-" Turned Up."
ctbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcßooT the Chutks— at liaight street,
one block «ast of the Park.
Circtb— At central Park. •
Mechanics' Institute Favizion— Tweaty-
ninth Industrial Exposition.
Fbkk Clambake— At Tiburon, Sunday, Septem-
ber 6.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Family Excursion— To Santa Cruz, Sunday,
September a.
Excursion— To Bohemia, Sunday, September 6.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt 6umjvax * Doylk— This day (Saturday),
Horses, Buggies, etc., at 220 Valencia street. st
11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Another strangler lias made his appearance
among the deml-mondaines.
The Woman Suffrage Bureau has received
encouraging reports from the interior.
Miss Stella Perrault, a 17-year-old girl, dis
appeared from her home at '211 Mason street.
Dr. de Vecchi has presented a prize statue,
by a Roman sculptor, to the Art Association.
Justice of the Peace Cook has exonerated
Attorney James A. Devoto of a charge oi per
jury.
Fair, with light winds and fog in the morn
ing, is what the weather office will furnish for
to-day.
The chefs of this City enjoyed their twentieth
annual banquet last night at the Nevada res
taurant.
Bands of music and orchestras will be
features of the Native Sons' celebration at
Stockton.
General Barnes will deliver a great speech
tiwiight at the Auditorium, corner of Jones
and Eddy streets.
The Election Commissioners decided yester
day not to employ n. private detective to hunt
down supposed stutters.
An old-fashioned Rhode Island clambake
and bullshead breukf&st will be given in
Tiburon on Sunday next.
The bicyclists made a great demonstration
at ihc Mechanics' Exposition last night, over
2000 being in attendance.
The San R.ifael Hunt Club is preparing for
its iraugural series of track races. The events
will be at San Rafael on September 12.
The First McKinley Club of the Thirty-Sixth
Disiru-t he d a rousing meeting last evening.
Louis Titus was the principal speaker.
The German-American Republican Club held
an enthusiastic meeting last evening. Several
important committees were appointed.
Arrangements are almost completed for the
interclub yacht regatta, to take place here on
Admission day ior the Macdonough cup.
G. E. D. Diamond, a book-canvasser, now in
his one nundred and first year, joined the Re
publican Continental League last night.
The Examiner relay packet left the Chicago
postoffice at 5 o'clock yesterday morning. It
arrived at Toledo at midnight last night.
D. E. McKinley, a house-painter of Santa
Rosa, will probably be selected to fill the va
cancy on the Republican electoral ticket.
Mrs. Sophie Znng, 812 Jessie street, was
nearly choked to death by her husband last
night, end is now in the Receiving Hospital.
The California State Spiritualist Association
held its first annual session yesterday. The
organization was reported in a flourishing
condition.
The San Francisco Labor Council has pre
pared a programme tor Labor-day exercises,
and also decided against the adoption of the
new charter.
Milk Inspector Dockery dumped twenty cans
of milk belonging to the Ocean View Dairy in
the gutter yesterday morning because it would
not stand the test.
Mis.s Daisy Belle Sbarpe, the talented young
actress, has canceled her theatrical engage
ments with Augustin Daly to wed E. A. How
ard of the firm of Howard <& Co.
J. D. P. Salvatore, who keeps a restaurant at
621 Bush street, was arrested yesterday, on
complaint of Mrs. Rafeila Silver, his partner,
on the charge 01 grand larceny.
Eugene McCarthy started for a two months'
cruise on the yacht Ramona last Thursday.
All Mexican ports will be visited and a good
time Hunting and fishing is expected.
The trial of Oliver W. Winthrop progressed
rapidly yesterday, and many witnesses were
heard. District Attorney Barnes expects to
close the case for the people next Tuesday.
Judge Slack yesterday denied the motion of
Charles S. Wneeler directed against Van R.
Paterson's opposition to the pencil will.
Wheeler-was given five days to file his answer.
The sloop-of-war Alert's launch ran Into the
Camanche's buoy last Thursday night and
sank. The captain and crew got aboard the
monitor and were then rowed to their own
ship.
The annual report of the City Hall Commis
sioners, now being compiled, estimates that
the hall will be finished by January 1. and
that there will be a comfortable surplus in the
funds.
For the benefit of its graduates, the students
of the Girls' High School have formed an asso
ciation for the establishment and maintenance
of n free scholarship in the University oi Cali
fornia.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion of San Francisco promised to assist and
co-operate with the Union in its
purpose of encouraging home-maaulactured
ioop.vear.
The United States Grand Jury returned
secret indictments against Robert T. Porter of
Saii Jose, editor of a paper Known as "Hot
Stuff," and Lnuie Quong, the suspended cus
toms interpreter.
A dispatch was received from Pescadero yes
terday to the effect that one of the whaling
crews* which went out on the excursion steamer
Queen h«d captured the largest whale ever
kuled on the coast.
Dr. Stephens, pastor of Simpson Memorial M.
E. Church, has been invited to return to his
pastorate for another year— a request which is
likely to nave much weight with the approach
ing annual conference.
Frank Martin alias W. Corbett, Patrick
Kelly and Edward Colvln alias W. Gallagher
alias Edward Lynch alias Ryan, all ex-con
victs, were booked at the City Prison yester
day on charges of burglary.
The Board of Health began its work of de
stroying Chinese dens of filth and germs of
disease yesterday by tearing down two struc
tures. Many exciting scenes occurred, and
four writs of injunction have been Issued.
The Hospital Lot Improvement Club met
last evening. The principal item of the meet
ing was a communication from the German
Savings Bank saying that ttve Backman camp
had been ordered to vacate its present location.
General managers of fire insurance com
panies met yesterday and almost closed a com
pact to raise and maintain rates. Another
meeting will be held Tuesday next, and it is
thought that the troubles will then be finally
settled.
Attorney Carroll Cook yesterday moved to
have tne charges pending against John W.
Fiood dismissed, wnen It is said a pardon will
be (-ought for him. Flood is the ex-cashier oi
the Donohoe-Kelly Bank, now in prison for
lalsifying the bank records.
Metropolitan Hall was crowded last night
with an assemblage which came to mark its
approval ot the proposed new charter and to
show that it was in favor of the adoption of
the proposed instrument. The mass-meeting
was held under the auspices of the Citizens'
Charter Association.
Dr Edward C. Jones, engineer of the San
Francisco Gas Company, entertained the Tech
nical Society of the Pacific Coast and its
friends l&st night at the gas works, corner of
Bay and Buchanan streets, with the Roentgen
ray radiographs, the new acetylene gas and
the works generally proving interesting
sights.
The price of wheat in America, controlled by
the contingent demands of the Enclish mar
ket that consumes all the wheat we export and
vet only one-sixth of what we raise, might
be kept at a high standard were there more
employment at home so that all the wheat
might be consumed here, and such a condi
tion would result from the policy of protection
and McKinley.
The Frltscfc Divorce.
The divorce case of Alice O. Fritsch against
Emll Fritsch has been turned over to a referee
to take the testimony. Mrs. Fritsch Is a
dauehter ot Loui* Schmidt, the musician, who
died recently leaving an estate valued at over
$8000. Emll Fritsch was named as executor
01 the will. . .
Subsequently, when the wife brought suit
for divorce she charged her husband with mis
using the funds of the estate. Yesterday he
resigned the trust and Mrs. Fritsch made ap
plication to be appointed in bis stead.
CRUISING AMONG
MEXICAN PORTS
Eugene McCarthy Has
Started on the Yacht
Ramona.
TO BE GONE TWO MONTHS
He Expects to Have Lots of
Fun in Fishing and
Hunting.
ACCIDENT TO ALERT'S LAUNCH.
While Taking Off the Captain She
Ran on the Camanche's Buoy
and Sank.
The fast yacht Ramona sailed for a
cruise along the coast of Mexico last
Thursday evening. Eugene McCarthy,
brother of the owner, went out on her and
as the craft is well supplied with guns and
fishing tackle, he evidently intends having
a good time. The Ramona is provisioned
for a two months' cruise, but should her
commander decide upon a longer voyarge,
fresh supplies will be taken aboard at
some Central American port. Captain
Fred Nelson and a crew of four men will
man the yacht.
There was a lively scene at Sausalito
when the Ramona weighed anchor. Quite
a number of the Pacific and San Francisco
yacht lubs' boats were at anchor in Rich
ardsons Bay and every one of them fired
a salute as the trim little schooner disap
peared around the head of the bay. The
unusual display drew quite a crowd to the
water front, but when the news was given
out everybody was satisfied tbat there was
no fears of a foreign invasion.
Captain Andferd and some of the crew
of the United States sloop-of-war Alert
had a narrow escape last Thursday night.
The warship's launch was sent to the foot
of Folsoni street to meet the commander.
That gentleman put in an appearance
about 11 p. m., and a start was made for
the Alert. The cockswain was not very
conversant with the state of the tide, and
in consequence ran the launch on the
bnoy to wnich the monitor Camanche is
moored. A nole was stove in the bow of
the little boat, and she began to till. Lines
were thrown from the monitor, and she
was secured in such a manner as to pre
vent sinking. Captain Andferd and bis
men were rowed to the Alert in one of the
Camanche's boats, and yesterday the
launch was raised and placed on Folsom
street wharf by the crew of the wrecker
Whitelaw.
The steam schooner Is avarro got in from
Crescent City yesterday. When off Point
Reyes she picked up two of the boats of
the wrecked steamer St. Paul and towed
them into port. Goodall, Perkins & Co.
are now trying to find out how the boats
got adrift and now they came ..o be off
Point Reyes.
The Harbor Commissioners met in exec
utive session yesterday and discussed the
building of a new wharf for the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company. Manager
Scbwerin was present and said that the
present facilities at the foot of Bryant
street were not sufficient. Chief Engineer
Holmes said there was not room for an
other wharf near the present location.
The Commissioners were of the opinion
that the Mail Company was entitled to
more accommodation, but just where to
build it is a problem. Notuing definite
was arrived at, but |the matter will be dis
cussed again next Tuesday.
The ferry clock was lighted last night,
and it Droved to be a great boon to trav
elers who happened to be on the late list.
George Zammitt, a notorious sneak
thief, was arrested on the water front by
Officer Charles Callahan yesterday. Tons
of iron, wood and coal have been stolen
during the last six months in small qnan
tities, and Detettive Egan has been on the
trail of the thieves for two months. Zam
mitt was suspected, but no proof could
ever be got against him. Yesterday Cal
lahan saw nim turning into Mission, from
East street, with a sack over his shoulder,
and gave chase. Zammitt dropped the
sack ana ran. Alter running several blocks
he dived into :in alley and escaped. The
sack contained scrap iron. An hour later
Callahan heard that. Zammitt was in a
shanty on Spear and Misston streets. He
went there and caught his man in the aci
of taking a morphine injection. He was
booked at the Harbor Police station on a
charge of grand larceny.
John McCourt, chid officer of the Brit
ish ship Carradale, and Miss Annie Vint
of Folsom street were married yesterday
at the home ol the bride. Captain Smith
of the Carradale was best man, but Cap
tain Latta of the Lauriston was the first
to kiss the bride. Mr. McCourt and Miss
Vint went to school together in Carriek
fergus, Ireland, and were sweethearts.
When they met again in San Francisco a
couple of months ago it did not take long
to set the wedding day.
The old stern-wheel steamer Frank
Silva has been brought out of retirement,
and will be turned into a gasoline schooner.
Tanks will be put in the bold, and she
will carry oil from Ventura in conjunction
with the George Loomis.
Many of the strikers on the Sacramento
River boats went back to work yesterday.
While bitterly denonncing the corporation
for the 5-cent cut they came to the conclu
sion that half a loaf was better than no
bread, and accordingly went back to work
unloading and loading the steamers.
PONIES WILL RACE.
San Rafael Hunt Club Preparing for a
Day of Numerous Track
Kventi.
The San Rafael Hunt Club will hold the
seventh of its paper chases, which are be
coming very popular, to-day with Dr.
Howitt, the winner of the last chase, as
leader.
On September 12 the club will hold the
first of its track events. Over |2000 has
been expended in improving the track
and the eight pony races programmed
promises to be very interesting events.
There will be three handsome cups hung
up by J. J. Crooks, president of the cluD,
A. B. Spreckels and tiie Hotel Rafael re
spectively. Cash prizes will be offered in
the other events. All the prominent own
ers of ponies have signified their inten
tion to enter and the interest evinced by
society in the contests augurs welJ for a
great day's sport.
Psterson's Opposition Sugtained.
Judge Slack yesterday gave his decision
denying the motions of Charles 8. Wheeler
that the fourth amended opposition of Van R.
Paterson to the pencil will of Senator Fair be
made more certain. Mr. Wheeler was given
five days to file his answer to .Judge Paterson's
opposition. A motion was made by Mr. Me-
Enerney that Nettie R. Craven by, re'quiri-i to
furnish the marriage coutrnct and several let
ters from Senator Fair to herself that liicy mar
be photographed. All other matters went
over for a week.
Insolvent Grocers.
KahrsA Hogrif, a grocery firm doing busi
ness at Post and Taylor streets, have filed a
petition in Insolvency. Tl <-y owe $r.JBO 90,
and have assets valued at $50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
The Yacht Ramona "With Eugene McCarthy Aboard Sailed for a Two Months' Cruise Among
Mexican Ports Last Thursday Night.
BICYCLE RIDERS
OUT IN FORCE
Over Two Thousand Wheel
men Attend the Ex
position.
EVENT OF THE WEEK
Maguire, Kahn and Barry Speak
Encouragingly of the Fight
for Good Roads.
MUSICAL PROGRAMME TO-NIGHT
Afternoon and Evening Will Be One
Grand Concert — Union Iron
Works' Exhibit
The bicyclists of San Francisco made a
great demonstration at the Mechanics'
Exposition last night. While it was
originally intended as a mere friendly
competition between the several clubs and
Exhibit of the Union Iron "Works at the Home Products Fair at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
unattached wheelmen, the affair assumed
before it was half over a harmonious de
mand for good roads and an appeal to the
public to stand by them in their struggle.
Incidentally the attitude of the South
ern Pacific toward wheelmen was briefly
referred to by the several speakers, with
the result that a roar went up from the
assembled thousands urging all to protest
at the ballot-box and elsewhere against
such iniquitous acts as had been proposed
by the railroad several days ago.
Over 2000 devotees of the wheel at
tended the Pavilion last night. Nearly
every club in the City was represented by
one or more members, though only five
entire clubs competed for the various |
prizes. The Imperial Cycling Club made
the best show in point of numbers, though
the Barker Cycling Club carried off the
honors for best general appearance. The
clubs in attendance with members was as
follows:
Imperial Cycling Club— F. Goodwin, F.
Burns, G. Sullivan, K. E. Laphain, T. New
home. 8. Palmer, J. Frcdenberg, G. Dunphy,
W. H. Howell, F. A. Clark, W. L. Maule, E. F.
Flinn, C. W. echenck, M. Cooke, W. Mock, J.
Bowan, (».. Clabrongh, A. S. Nelson, H. H. Mc-
Collum, W. Smith, F. Shannon, W. Mack, E. W.
Schneider, F. Gonzales. J. Klobil, P. Morrin, W.
Wilson, J. D. Simpson, H. Lindwoid. T. Brady,
D. Sanders, A. Warneke, George Archibald, B. |
Lyons, A. Franz, George Precht, F. Whitford,
F. J. Winslow, H. Jae&linß, F. Marks, E.
Schneider, E. M. Cushraan, J. Bowan, E. Me-
Chane, H. Muller, E. Smith, J. Ecan, J. Gaez
zliiiß, G. D. Zeile, F. 11. Shede, P. L. Dizert. W.
K. Munson. C. L. Rtel. C. E. Riel, R. L. Rtidke.
V. Verdelett. C. Troliiett, George Panairio, E.
Panairo, E. L. Cordy, P. Higgles, C. Dunn.
California Cycling Clvb — Captain Mayo, E.
Egeberg, J. W. Harvey and wife, H. Egeberg,
J. D. Cardinel, A. Frederick, F. Llnsley. W.
Musser, F. J. Caldwell, R. 8. Duncan,"M. A.
Griffith, H. Cruir.m. W. Struven, C. J. Blrdsail,
E Wilburs, A. Sollman, D. Sollman, C. Wil
liams, 3. J. Madden, J. J. Hurley, P. W. Turn
btill, John Bourke, J. Green, D. A. Henley,
Charles Meyer, A. Smith, H. Sternbcrg, C. B.
Coulter, W. E. Roscmand and wife.
San Francisco Road Club— J. H. Liebert, M.
Leibert, Max Meyer, H.G. Jacot, E. Lewis. R.
Robinson, H. Kohii, J. Lewis, W. H. Prey, J. G.
Roberts, Bert McCoy, G. Lenhar:,L. Ouimeyer,
H. Outmeycr, M. Outmeyer, S. M. Blumen
thal, R. Snunders, E. Sands, J. O'Brien. G.
VWbb, L. H. Pels, John Frey, L. Meyer, Guy
Front, M. Londen, J. O'Malley, Ed Livermore,
iser, J. Unger, W. McGonigal. F. Thiel,
Gus Feder, F. Dujardin, Trilby Fowler, J. F.
Morris, O. R. Sterling, W. McFessel, S. Bock
man, Louie Dixon, Hiirry Leighton.
Barker Cycling club— S. Homgsberg, B. Sear
righ, W. H. J. Bishop, J. Banberger, S. A. New- ,
man, M. Spire, B. Whorts, W. Higgins, G.
Sachs, I. Frank, G. Ferguson.
Alpha Cycling Club— Miss M. Mahoney, Mfss
Egeberg, Miss Lang. Mrs. H. F. Wynne, Miss R.
Mahoney, Miss Roisseau, Miss Maguire, Cap
tain Miss D. Prendergast, Miss Kroetz, Miss
Tllden, Mrs. Massey.
In addition to thes« clubs there were
between 1500 and 1800 unattached riders
in attendance. At 9 o'clock the gayly
dressed bicyclists marched into the hall.
The appearance was the signal for thun
dering applause from the assembled
thousands, which was repeated from time
to time during their grand march around
tne bandstand.
Charles A. Adams, president of the
evening, welcomed the wheelmen in the
name of the Mechanics' Institute and
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion.
Congressman James G. Maguire, Julius
I Kahn and James H. Barry followed in
brief addresses, during which they com
plimented the wheelmen on the fight they
were making for good roads and their de
termination to force the Southern Pacific
into line in the matter of free transporta
tion for bicycles. Each speaker was
roundly applauded, their remarks evi
dently being highly pleasing to tne spec
tators as well as cyclists. The judges then
awarded the prizes as follows:
Best Ladies' Bicycle Club in costume, Alpha
Cycle Cluo; lady wearing most attractive cos
tume, Mrs. Carrie Muller, second Mrs. Tilden;
handsomest lady in costume, Mrs. Ellis. Bicy
cle club making best appearance. Barker Club.
Wheelman wearing neatest costume, J. Has
sen; handsomost wheelman in costume, J. 8.
Eagan; homeliest wheelman ,J. Klemen; tallest
wheelman, Fred Grant; fastest wheelman, 8. D.
Stlne; thinnest wheelman, W. A. Smith. Club
making second best appearance, California
Road Club.
All told 7200 people passed through the
big gates of tne pavilion last night, and of
this number 5000 paid the regular admis
sion fee. Bicycle night was pre-eminently
a success, and is generally admitted to
have been the event of the present exposi
tion.
The programme for this afternoon and
evening is purely a musical one, and
special care has been taken to make that
as nearly perfect as possible. The pro
gramme as arranged is as follows:
AFT KR NOON. . h !
March, "Flower Festival" Roncovieri
Overture. "GazzaLadra"..... ;...... Rossini
Walts, "On the Beautiful Rhine" Keler Bel»
Kuphontum Solo, "Grand Poles de Concert"..
""" •••wVHVca.verd: c * iyenl
Fantasle, •'Martha"...... Flotow
"Facke1tan8".. .:....;....... Meyerbeer
Overture, "Pique Dame" Suppe
Paraphrase, "Loreley" Neswauba
Serenade.. ........'....... Mosko
Galop, "Petersburg Sleigh Ride"... EUenberg
EVENING.
March, "Oriental Echoes" Rosey
Overture, "Masanlello" ;...; Auber
Waltz, "Vienna 80nb0n5".;........ ..Strauss
Cornet solo. ••Tramp. .Tramp," air and varia
tions. ..: ••••• ■••■■ Bolllnson
William Mahood. . •. •:. •>
Gavotte, "Secret Love"... Besch
Review of the "Bohemian Girl" n_lfe
Overture, "Hungarian"....-.. Keier Bel*
Trombone solo, "Inrlammatns," from stabat
Mater .... ... Boaslnl
Performed by Alfred Roncovieri. •
•'Bhapsodle Honnrolse".v....vr.;.... *.;.;.. •'..;: Liszt
(a) La Palorua, -Spanish Fantasie"..... ...Vradler
(6) Flirtation, •Petite Valse" steck
Kxcerpts lrom "Rubin Hood" ........ De Koven
•"Knatuson Parade" : Mills
While the bicyclists were generously
treated by the assembled thousands last
night, the spectators found plenty of time
to examine the different exhibits. One of
the greatest attractions appeared to be the
display of the Union Iron Works. Its
chief charm probably is found in the fact
that the entire establishment, from repair
shop to main building, is reproduced in
miniature, the whole beautifully lighted
by tiny electric lights. .; The bay shoreline
is cleverly represented, as are also the
cliffs in the background. On each side of
the display- miniature war vessels are to
be seen, notably the San Francisco, Mon
terey and Oregon. There is no detail lack
ing in the entire exhibit. .
Military Baseball.
At the Presidio Athletic Grounds to-morrow
at 12 M. the Haverlys and Presidio Soldiers
baseball clubs will cross bats. The teams are
as follows:
Haverlys, Positions.. Presidio S.
Kelly ..;.... Pitcher ....... Wilkes
KUey ..;.:.. ...Catcher ...Murphy
W. trocitoff First bate .:..... ...HampT
Coxe : ....Second ba5e.........;.. Hill
A. Brockoff Third ba5ev.......;..Kea' r don
McUermotl Shortstop ...v Little
Reed.:.. .....:. ..Bight fl-1d.Y.... ...... buyer
Roi;ers..":r.;:7.'r:7.:;Ceater He1d... .;.-.. Florentine
P05ner....... .Left fie1d.. ..;.... .....Carney
A NEW STRANGLER SCARE
The Result of a Quarrel Be
tween an Italian and a
Demi-Mondaine.
Police Sergeant Shea Stopped tae
Fellow From Making Her Swal
low a Battle.
The strangler scare has cropped up once
more among the denizens of the half
world.
These women were first startled some
five months ago when one of their class
was choked to death on Morton street
near Stockton, in such a mysterious man
ner that the culprit has never been de
tected. Within a month, another woman,
Berthe Paradis, at 33 St. Mary street was
gagged and choked to death. These two
crimes, the perpetrators of which are still
at large and unknown, occurred just at the
time two other murders and suicides were
recorded on the demi-monde page at the
morgue.
The outcome of these tragedies resulted
in Chief Crowley closing up Morton street
and the driving of the women from that
thoroughfare.
Since the Paradis woman affair, tb roe or
four drunken men have been arrested
while iv the act of either beating or chok
ing women in their dingy dens on St.
Mary or Quincy streets where they have
taken up their quarters, and in each in
stance the cry hns gone out that "the
strangler" is still at his work.
At 2 o'clock yesterday morning there
was a loud shriek from one of the dens
on Qnincy place, No. 5%.
There was no one near at the time
but Angelina Auber, a French woman
across the street, who promptly hunted
up Sereeant Patrick Shea and informed
him of the noise she had heard and of her
belief that Bernie Ward, who lived in the
opposite den, was in trouble.
The officer broke in the door when the
occupants of the place refused dim admis
sion, and in a back room a powerful young
man was found struggling with a
giri, trying to force a bottle down her
throat as she lay on the bed.
The man proved to Louis Pionella, a
baker working at 114 Union street, and he
was placed in the tanks at the prison
awaiting developments.
Detective Ben Bonen and his assistants
on the case were unable yesterday to con
nect PioneJJa with the past crimes of the
strangler, and the only charge booked
against him is that of battery.
The woman Angeline Auber has known
the prisoner for three years.
She had dismissed him after a misunder
standing on the silver question, and from
the evidence gathered by the police the
fellow had similart rouble with Miss Ward.
In the latter case, however, the man be
came violent, and emphasized his argu
ment with a bottle, causing the woman to
make loud outcries for belp.
SAW BROKEN BONES.
Scientists Show Their Friends
What the X Ray
Does.
Burns Bright a; Noonday Sao and
Comes From Cacium
carbide.
Dr. Edward C. Jones, engineer of the
San Francisco Gas Company, entertained
the members of the Technical Society of
the P acific Coast last night at the gas
works, corner of Bay and Buchanan
streets. Friends of the members were
also present as invited guests. The even
ing was devoted to a lecture on the Roent-
gen ray, illustrated by radiograph pictures
and by the apparatus in operation. A par
ticular feature was the actual taking and
development of a radiograph of a broken
arm, young Frank Cunningham, a resi
dent of the neighborhood and a student of
the Sherman Grammar School, willingly
posing for the necessary twenty minutes.
During the exposure and the subsequent
development of the plates in the dark
room the guests were shown through the
different departments of the extensive
works.
Dr. Jones also exhibited the compara
tively new acetelene gas, which is made
from a grayish-looking substance pro
duced by the fusion of lime and coal.
This compound, calcium carbide, is rap
idly decomposed by water, and gas is
given off. A small gasometer and con
necting pipes supplied with burners, per
mitted of a complete exhibition of the
remarkably clear white light surpassing
in whiteness, but not in disagreeable in
tensity, the brilliancy of the electric light.
After* viewing the machinery and the
scrupulously clean engine-rooms, ma
chinery-rooms and pressure-rooms, the
guests returned through the garden
lighted by Chinese lanterns and saw the
developed plate.
The radiograph showed that a small tip
bad been broken off the boy's "crazy
bone." That was the extent of the damage
done to his arm the day before while play
ing at school. The radiograph had been
taken through clothing, splints and flesh.
Each person present was then given an op
portunity to see the bones in his own
band by peering into a black box while
holding t j is hand on the outside of the
wood and in front of the globe admitting
the Roentgen rays.
Among the hundred or more present
were: George W. Dickie of the Union
Iron Works, president of the society;
Colonel Mendell of the United States En
gineers, ex-president of the society; Major
Davis of the United States Engineers, Mr.
Sherwood, mechanical engineer; Mr.
Leichter of the Pacific Rolling-mills, A. P.
Herrmann of San Jose, Professor George
Davidson, Luther Wagner, mechanical en
gineer; Loven Hunt, instructor in en
gineering at Berkeley and A. J. Brownley
of the Lighthouse Department.
Talbot's Successor Named To-Day.
This morning will probably witness the
HEW TO-DAT.
Schilling's Best tea tastes
better and is better than the
tea you are used — your
money back if it doesn't
and isn't.
That is the issue of our
tea campaign. We want
tea to be judged on its mer-
its. You can't judge of the
purity of tea ; but you know
what you like. And, if you
like Schilling's Best tea bet-
ter than any other tea, why
shouldn't you have it ? and,
if you don't like it better
than any other, why should
you pay for it ?
Isn't that fair ?
At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling St Company • .-•-..
San Francisco ... 870
' NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
v^^^v TIIIS AFTERNOON AT 2.
/£ j£\ M' l evening at 8.
/ #H^t£ A THE TALK OF
k^frimwJ^ ™ E ALL SHOW
V W^M !Mb Blu SHOW
\m Epr of THE world!
— *^X THE GREAT
/fcf«e_|A ADAM and SELLS
U § 4-PAI _ BROS.
AMERICA'S
/^4\ GKiSATEST SHOWS
/ ffiV^l \ COMBINED
(A<X!Fi«3S^^^ The targest Menagerie
i^yHßli In the World.
\|§&£>»»_Clj|? 4 810 CIR( ISES 4
3 (>o STAR AKTISTS— 3O!> i
y^W-' 100-GRiSAT ACTS— IOO
f & ,A \ Two Herds of Performing
/ W3©*3K». \ Elephants. Educated »>eals and !
/- Wa&\ Sea Lions. Two Great Hippo j
l^jßa m potamt. The on y livinz Rlii- I
t~ t» BP'^BbP noceros. Greatest Ferfornnlng !
\/J« W^^^Er Beasts. Beyond nil comparison I
the largest, richest and most
complete Arenic and Zoological
enterprise in the world. Two performances dally'
at 2 and. Bp. m. Doors open an hour earlier.
Seating capacity 16,000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered co.ipon. Ac-uaily reserved seats on i
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street. ■
Scale of trices: General admission 60c; chil- I
dren under 9 rears, half price: chairs on grand j
stand, $1; private boxes with six seats, $9 00; i
single seats In private boxes, $1 60.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth !
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. M. •
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:30.-i— —
SPECIAL!— TfI-SICHT" AT 10 O'CLOCK,
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land In the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO:
THE DE FIL.ITPES, ROYAL JAPA-
NESE ACROBATS, THE MASONS.
JULES KORTO and
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Bound Klde, 5 cent*
FOR THE
FREE CLAMBAKE 1
' Given by the ...
Citizens of Tiburon
SUMY, NOON, SEPTEMBER 6,
The' San Francisco and Nortn Pacific Boats will
depart from Tiburon Kerry, San Francisco, as fol-
lows: 7:30, 9:30, 10:30 and 11:00 a. v., 12:10 and
1:30 p. m. . _____
Admission for Round Trip 25c
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, •;-■■-*
- General Manager. •
GRAND EXCURSIONTO
BOHEMIA
NEXT SUNDAY, SEPT. 6,
Leaves at 8:30 a. m. via special steamer from
Tiburon Ferry. Special reserved-seat train.
Personally conducted by J. E. = Locke. A fine
grill lunca served in Bohemian style or take
basket lunch. Secure seats at 333 O'Farrell st.
daily until 9 p. m. Tickets also on sale at ferry.
FOUR HOURS IN THE BIG-TREE GROVE on
the Russian River. Only $1 25 for round trip.
Children under 12 only 650. . .
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. if.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Ueneral AamißSion— Adulu 10c, Children 5c
_ - HEY TO-DAT2 - •
; Woman's Writes j;
? - (i '
» Believe in Woman's Writes? \\
,'> Believe in Woman's Writes? (<,
( l Of course we do. Who could I 1
! 1 help it when women write such \ [
( j) convincing words as these : <, • '■'
< \ For seven years I suffered V >
ji^ with scrofula. I had a good V
{ l physician. Every means of >]>
% cure was tried in vain. At last <<!
* I I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- <j •
I 1? parilla, which entirely cured < ( !
{ l me after using seven bottles." ( ( > '
!? —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort ft '
<!s Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. ? ( |
a y
I Ayer's Sarsaparilla ];
i| •• cures* • <<
naming of the man who is to succeed Captain
Talbot, late local Inspector of Hulls and
Boilers. An examination was held before
Supervising Inspector Bermingham yesterday,
the following gentlemen subjecting them
selves to the official test: Captain F. Bolles,
steamship Columbia; Captain Thomas Wal
lace, steamship Walla Walla; Captain F. W.
Hart, steamship Zealandia; Ca tain C. B.
Johnson, formerly of the Santa Rosa: Captain
G. Raichmann. navigation teacher; Captain
Louis Turner, marine surveyor. The regular
board, consisting of Captain Bermingham,
Judge Morrow and Collector Wise, will meet
this morning to look over the papers. The
captain standing the best examination, other
qualifications being equal, will be recom
mended to the Secretary of the Treasury for
appointment. There were twenty-two appli
cants originally, but only six appeared foe
examination. .
* — — •
The Veddahs, or wild hunters of Ceylon,
mingle the pounded fibers of soft and de«
cayed wood with the honey on which they
feed when meat is not obtainable.
NEW TO-I> AT- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & r-Q.'S THEATERS.
*. AT THE 71 FIRST I.ITUEB
Baldwin today
JJAU-UVV 11^ TO-NIGHT
AND AM. NEXT WEEK.
English CARnni I'Q Great Napo-
Version OrtnlJUU O Iconic Play.
"MADAME SANS GENE*
(M.VI)A-Ui; DON'T CAKE.)
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the Title Bole.
Seats Now Selling for all remaining performances.
Ia at the i sms SEllHe
CALIFORNIA IStcveßrodie
The World- Famous Brooklyn Bridge Jumper, la
•OX Tfltc BOWERY." First Presentation' Mon-
day Next, Sept. 7th. ■ .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Sia». us a*,* urn iiKHLiMi. Proprietor &.U»na£K
Season of Grand Opera. 1
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME!
"RIGOLETTO!"
Correct Costumes Beautiful Scenery,
TO-MORROW-LAST TIME!
"EPJ.IT-A.lNri!"
NEXT WEEK
Monday and Friday LUCIA
Tuesday ..ROMEO AND JULIET
Wednesday. Saturday. .lL TKOVATOKE
Thursday THE BOHEMIAN OIKI*
First Appearance this Season of Mile. Ida Valerga.
Popular Prices— 2sc and 500. .
) rßlCDLAintf?.<K)rnoD« G>- tt»KA:iDnA!U«CR4-"' •
THE ONLY ;., I THE LAST
ONE! 1 MATINEE
THIS AFTERNOON OF
"THE SOCIAL TRUST!"
BY
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
With Reserved Seats at 25c, BOc, 75c. .
Last Performances To-Night and : Sunday Xight!
Next Monday "THE WIFE"
A Powerful Lyceum Play.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOKO-SCO. Sola Lessee and Mrnuu: >
ROARS OF"~7rT.RRI3IENT
GREET THOSK TWO FUNNY FOLKS, ,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, Soubrette,
and KD. J. H>\K<>N. Comedian,
In the Thrilling Nautical Melodrama, ' -
"HELD IN SLAVERY,"
Under the Direction of HA KKY SKDLEY. ri
Terrific Storm With Real Rain! Most Realistic of
Fire Scenes! Exciting Duel With Knives!
Great Electric Effects!
4 — PICKANINNIES
NEW sonus.: new DANCES! NEW3ONGSI
Evening Prices— 2sc and SUo.
>'»milv '..Ircl«* and Gallery, 10c.
A I (** A7AR Belasco, Doane & Jordan,
m\ L-V-^ r\<L* t\ l\ Lessees and Managers.
O'Farrell Street. Bet. TI4CATCD
Stockton and Powell. 1 nLft 1 Ci\
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT,
The Sparkling Comedy,
"TURNED UP,"
By the Alcazar Stock Company of Players.
Prices, 15, •>.-», 88 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
15, 25 and 35 Cents.
PHONE BLACK 991.
COMMENCING MONDAY
"ALL THE COM FORTS OF HOME."
Secure Your Seats in Advance. I
O'Farrell street, lie: ween Stockton anl Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), Sept. 5.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; .Balcony, any seal, 10c,
Children, 10c, any part. .. ...
The Talk of the Town— the Quarreling Couple,
PILSON & ERROL,
By Their Sketch, -Men vs. Women.
LYDIA YEAMANS-TITUS,
Assisted by FRKD J. TITVs.
Only J. niacht more of the 4 NKLSON SISTERS
and HEHR TECHOW'S TRAINED CATS, also
FAVOR and SINCLAIR.
2 6 America's Greatest Artists 26
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record,
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA!
——Admission 35c, Children 15c. -
Ol'KN' DA\ AND EYEy'INO.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA'CRyZ!
SANTA CRUZ!
JSSH SUNDAyI. Sept/ a^smMKKt
SUNDAY, Sept. 6.
From S. P. Ca's Ferry Landing (narrow gauge)
"at 7:45 A. m.
Five Hours at the Seashore.
...ROUND-TRlP....£*rvOa
Odd! ...... ..TKJKET... ®2
The excursion will be in charge of MR. W3I. H,
MEXTOX, Excursion Passenger A«ent S. P. Co. •
KBturnlng arrive a: Ban Francisco at 8:05 p. st,
. For farther information apply at Grand ■ Hotel
Ticket Olllce. 613 Market street. .
RICHARD GRAY, . X. H. GOODMAN,
■■•'-. Gen'l Truffle Mgr. Uea'l i'aaa. Act.
78
OCCULTISM IS
GAINING GROUND
Many New Spiritualist So
cieties Have Been Or
ganized.
KEEN INTEREST SHOWN
President Wadsworth Reads a
Highly Encouraging Annual
Report
TENDENCY TO CONSOLIDATE.
Free.Thought Delegates Admitted.
National President Barrett's
Able Address.
The California State Spiritualists' Asso
ciation met yesterday for its first annual
session in Golden Gate Hall on Sutter
street, with President C. H. Wadsworth in
Jpf C>H'~K*t<z*
S-P-Dye
Prominent Participants in- the First Annual Session of the California State Spiritualists' Association, Now
Being Held in This City. Reports Show a Highly Flourishing Condition of Affairs.
the chair. The rollcall of the delegates
showed that the larger portion were pres
ent and that tne State was quite well rep
resented. Among those occupying seats
upon the platform were Hon. Harrioon
D. Barrett, president of the National As
sociation, and Stephen D. Nye of Los An
geles, president of the State Camp-meet
ing Association.
A question as to the right of the Free
thought Spiritual Society of this City to
be rr presented in the association by dele
gates from its "auxiliary" (outside or
branch) societies was raised and created
some little discussion, which at times was
quite heated until National President Bar
rett suggested that the matter be referred
to a comniittee, and on motion the
president was empowered to appoint a
committee of three, this committee to be
composed of persons not interested in any
of the freethought societies, and to report
upon ihe number of delegates to which
said society as a whole was entitled.
President Wadsworth appointed as such
committee Messrs. Murry of San Jose, Dr.
Grattan of Stockton and Stephen D. Dye
of Los Angeles. The reading of the
minutes by the secretary, Mrs. Julia
Schlesinger, was next in order, and the
minutes were adopted. The president
appointed ad committee on rules M. S
Norton, W. T. Jones and J. H. Lohmeyer.
On m*otion of Mr. Norton National Presi
dent Barrett was made "associate counsel"
in said committee on rules.
The association adjourned until 2 p. m.
The president having announced that the
ladies had room to seat some forty people
in the banquet- room, a large number of
the visiting delegates and members of the
association repaired to the tables and did
justice to an ample and sumptuous lunch,
and there were bastetfuls left, too.
Tha association was called to order
again at 2:30 p. m. The report of the com
mittee on rules was presented and adopted.
National President Barrett announced
the presence of Thomas G. Newman, ed
itor of the Philoeophical Journal, pub
lished in San Diego, and asked that Mr.
Newman be recognized as the representa
tive and deleeate of the First Spiritualist
Society of San Diego. By unanimous con
sent Mr. Newman was declared the repre
sentative of the above-mentioned society,
and amid applause took his seat among
the delegates.
President Wadsworth then read his first
annual report, which showed that the as
sociation and the cause of spiritualism
throughout tiie State was in a prosperous
condition. The reports of the treasurer
and secretary were react and referred to
the finance committee. The finance com
mittee submitted a verbal report, which
was accepted. The report of the State or
ganizer was next read and showed that a
iiumber of new societies have been organ
ized ana that tliere is a greater interest
manifested in spiritualism at the present
time than ever before, and there fs a call
for information and light regarding it and
its doctrine?.
Mrs. Julia Scblesinger as assistant or
ganiier reported regarding her mission to
the Redondo camp-meeting, which was
full of interest and showed that there is as
a general thing much interest manifested
in the southern part of the State and a
tendency among the societies of that sec
tion to join the State association.
National President Barrett was called
for and gave one of his characteristic
little speeches. He brought greetings
from the East and said that the spiritunl
isni of California, like all things else Cali
fornian, was the largest and grandest to
be found in the world. He advised the
sinking of personalities, the abandonment
of envy and selfishness in the inter«st of a
higher and better spiritualism and the
rising on the ruins of a dead past to a new
and higher type of manhood.
President Wadg worth announced the
passing away of M. B. Dodge, who was for
many years "president of the Progressive
Spiritualist Society of this City, and stated
that the funeral would take place from
Golden Gate Hall, on Sunday next at 12
o'clock, noon.
The. committee of three, appointed to
report upon the right of the Freethought
Spiritual Society, was called for. The
committee r%>orted that said society was
entitled to ten delegates. On motion to
accept such report, a discussion was pre
cipitated which continued until a motion
to allow the society a representation of
only four delegates was made and a viva
voce vote taken, after Dr. Rin-es, presi
dent of the society, had announced that
he would not accept such a representa
tion. Some confusion having arisen over
the vote, it was again taken in the same
manner, and resulted in a decision in
favor of allowing the society four dele
! gatbd. Dr. Rin-es appointed as such dele
gates Mme. E. Young, Mrs. E. J. Myers,
A. R. Siitz.
The National president moved that a
committee on resolutions be appointed,
ana the chair appointed Messrs. Loveland,
Barker and Newman, after which the as
sociation adjourned its executive sessions
I until this morning at 10 o'clock.
In yesterday's list of delegates that of
j Mrs. M. J. Hendee-Kogers of the People's
Society was omitted. Mrs. Hendee-Rogers
has been a worker for spiritualism for
over forty years, and is still one of tbe
brightest and most ambitious workers in
its ranks.
There are between 30C0 and 4000 spirit
ualists in San Francisco, and it looked as
if they had all met at Golden Gate Hall
last night to receive and do honor to Hon.
Harrison D. Barrett, the president of the
| National Spiritualists' Association, who
I comes to confer a National charter upon
the State association now in session.
The meeting was called to order by Btate
President Wellswortb, after which there
was a beautiful selection by Professor
Young's orchestra. A brief address was
delivered by Rev. H. P. Haworth of Long
Beach, formerly a Presbyterian prencher,
fi**n*YVKyx**i
/»/t*6W> Shi***
J which, though short, was full of good
sense, wit and right to the point.
The well-known speaker and author, W.
J. Colville, spoke eloquently of the temple
spiritualists propose erecting here and told
of the unseen temple of character which
all are building, closing by proclaiming ag
the motto of spiritualists: "We search
for truth — we disseminate the truth and
seek to live the truth we know." He was
followed by Mrs. Martha Stimpson in a
finely rendered vocal solo entitled: "I
Dream of U'hee," Mrs. Sarah Cookjacconi
panyinK her on the piano.
National President Harrison D. Barrett
of Washington, D. C, made a most fitting
| address. He said that since the general
uniting of spiritualists under one organiza
tion spiritualism has become a question of
National thought and question. He stated
that letters from all portions of the Union
were pouring in upon headquarters in
I Washington making inquiries as to the
j doings of spiritualists.
Mr. Barrett closed his remarks by an in
junction to live up to that edict of Con
lucius and later enunciated by the man of
Nazareth, "As ye would that others would
do unto yon do ye also unto them. :>
Mrs. Emma Sherwood, a noted contralto
of Chicago, then rendered in a highly ar
tistic manner 4> Tha World Is Moving On,"
and "By and By." Professor Whitelaw of
Boston acted as tier accompanist.
Thomas G. Newman, the editor of the
Philosophical Journal of San Diego, gave
a brief address lull of fire and good advice,
which was well received.
Then came the musical event of the
evening — a violin solo by Professor E. A.
Wnitelaw of Boston, whogavethe "Polish
Mazourka," and as an encore a selection
from "Traumerei," and was afterward
twice recalled. Mrs. Gerald Dean-Morris
acted as his accompanist.
Stephen D. Dye of Los Angeles re
sponded to a call for a speech by a humor
ous story.
Ihe programme closed with a well
rendered selection by Professor Young's
orchestra, composed of spiritualist young
ladies and gentlemen, which plays only
upon such occasions, and never for re
muneration. Afterward President Barrett
held a sort of informal levee, everybody
seeming desirous of shaking the foremost
spiritualist of the land by tne hand and
bidding him a welcome to San Francisco
and to California.
Hon. Thomas G. Newman of San Diego
is in the City attending the Spiritualist
State Association's meetings. Mr, New
man is editor of the Philosophical Jour
nal, a publication devoted to the exposi
tion of the truths of spiritualism and to
the sciences. The Journal was founded
some thirty years ago by S. S. Jones in
Chicago, and was but recently removed to
this State, and is said to be flourishing in
its new environments.
Riordan's Ingratitude
John Riordan, a petty larceny thief, met
Charles H. Good, an artist from Columbus,
Ohio, on Grant avenue and Market street
Thursday night. Good had been drinking,
and invited Riordan to his room, 829 a Howard
street. When Good awoke yesterday morning
Riordan had disappeared, and he missed a
pair of trousers, a shaving kit and some other
articles. Good saw Riordan on the same corner
about 10 o'clock, and observing that he was
wearing the stolen trousers he arrested him
and marched him to the City Prison. A charge
of petty larceny was booked against Riordan.
• — ♦ ♦
TV II Mam J. Bryan's Autograph.
It may be seen on the front page of this
week's Town Talk, reproduced from a letter to
the editor of that up-to-date publication. Ac
companying it are fine half-tone portraits of
the Democratic Presidential nominee and his
•wife, from photographs sent by them to Town
Talk. "The Sannterer" comments in a caustic
way upon the doings of well-known men and
women- of local interest, "Political Chat"
holds up the mirror to those who aspire to
political honors, and the other departments
x are as oewsy ma entertaining as mr, •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
MUSIC FOR THE
NATIVE SONS
Bands and Orchestra for
the Stockton Cele
/bration.
SOME SPECIAL FEATURES
Preparations for the Grand Pa
rade in San Fran
• cisco.
ROUTE OF THE PROCESSION
Engagement of Headquarters in Stock
ton—Sons and Daughters Will
Entertain Generously.
Music is sure to be one of the great
features of the Native Sons' celebration at
Stockton on the 9th inst. The number of
bands, orchestras and musicians already
q j. T>naw
/7*>H-/K-Cn f Utnrf
engaged is beyond all . precedent. The
activity manifested in San Francisco in |
ihe engagement is equaled in Oakland.
Every parlor teems to have its own band
or orchestra.
Elaborate preparations are in progress
for the parade on the evening of the Bth
inst., from the Native Sons' building on
Mason street, near Post, down Mason to
Market and along Market to the ferry.
The illuminations and displays of fire
works along the line of march will be at
tractive. The parade committee held a
long session last evening to appoint offi
cers and arrange the details lor the pro
cession. '
Golden > State Parlor No. 50. ~ Native
Daughters, will go to Stockton twenty
eight strong. They have a beautiful
badge of salmon pink and silver trim
mings. The finances of the parlor are in
good condition and money will be spent
to entertain guests. The officers consti
tuting the committee of arrangements
are: Past president. May Ducker; presi
dent. Miss Mollie Tiotjen ; first vice-presi
dent, Miss Gertie Peterson; second vice
president, Louise Hayessem; recording
secretary. Johanna Meyer; financial sec
retary, Miss Lena Docker; treasurer, Mrs.
JoeSiebe; marshal, Miss Anna May bey;
trustees— Mrs. Freda Vonstaden, Misa
Lettie Uhlig, Miss Rosa Day; inside sen
tinel, Louise Meyer; - outside sentinel,
Mamie Maguire.
L. J. Dutton and party have chartered
the launch Amy and will take part in the
water carnival. Music and refreshments
will be features of the trip on the launch.
The party consists of Mrs. R. Pfaefiie,
Miss Flora Kerlin, Miss May Hasten,
Miss Lena Smith, Misses Laura, Alice,
Kitty, Mamie and Elsie Provence, Mamie
Molloy, Lizzie Fitzgerald, Li. J. Dutton, R.
Pfaeffle, W. Geiger, E. Mohrig, W. J.
Caldwell. C. A. Provence, D. Clancey and
E. Pfaeffle.
Bay City Parlor No. 87 will have head
quarters at the Courthouse, Stockton,
where open house will be kept and visit
ors entertained. They will parade in cow
boy hats, silk shirts, light trousers and
canvas shoes. :
Sequoia Parlor No. 160 has engaged
Yizelich Park and will pitch thirty tents
on the ground. They have a dancing
platform and will give a dance on the
evening of the Bth. They will keep open
house on the 9th from 2tosp. m. Fre
mont Parlor, Native Daughter?, will be
i their guests. The only Native Sons'
band in the State will furnish the music.
The band consists of sixteen pieces, under
the leadership of Richard D. Barton. The
Sequoias will wear a Turkish fez, black
silk shirts, cardinal ties and sashes, dark
trousers and carry Japanese parasols.
National Parlor No. 118 will have head
quarters at Jory's Hall. " They will wear
the uniform of 1890— black silk shirts,
orange sash and tie, dark trousers and
gold-braided cap. v The parlor will have
€ellarius' orchestra and Vaughn field mu
sic of nine pieces.
Nian tic Parlor No. 105 will have head
quarters in the directors' office of the Agri
cultural Pavilion. The 'costume consists
of white yachting caps, white vests, black
ties, blue coats and white Japanese para
sols. Music will be furnished by Pro
bansky's band.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 has engaged
Weber's Hall on Ban Joaquin street. The
parlor costume is white pants, white
overshoes, blue belts, neglige shirts, blue
ties and white Stanley hats. ■■> Rincon will
keep open house and have a ball on the
evening of the Bth. Cassasa's orchestra
goes with the parlor.
; Yerba liuena Parlor No. 84 will have
headquarters in the "Xosemite building.
.They will wear tennis suits and carry
Japanese parasols. . The parlor takes field
music of fourteen pieces, with Major John
.X. Harris as dram-major* Oj?ea bouse
tißi fare //t/f sAfA/y
Ji/t/4S<* ituniitk
will be kept from 2 to 5 p. m. on the 9tb
and there will be a dance that evening.
The round-trip ticket to the celebration
from San Francisco costs $2 50. Unless
application is made for the Native Son*'
Hcket the fare will be $5. The $2 50 tickets
can be obtained from R. W. Maitland and
Henry Lunstedt, Native Sons' buildinsr,
Mason street; Henry Stern & Son's, 20
Montgomery street; Collins & Co., 1018
Market street; J. B. Stovall. Wells, Fargo
A; Co.'s library; Scott & Bannon, 333 Mont
gomery street; W. D. Shea, 26 Montgom
ery street, and James Cunningham, 509
Montgomery street.
The final meeting of El Dorado's Sep
tember 9 committee was held last evening
and its chairman. Dr. Hawkins, reported
everything in readiness for the great cele
bration.
A delegation from Arinda Parlor.
•N. D. G. W., who are to be the guests of
this parlor, was present, and tbe interest
manifested by the young ladies plainly
showed that El Dorado (parlor will have
able assistants for entertaining their
friends at their headquarters in Stockton.
The uniforms adopted by the parlor
present a neat appearance and can be re
lied upon to add interest to the parade.
The young ladies have agreed to turn out
on foot, the members being young and
strong. The new banners of both parlors
will be mounted on cushion-tired wneels,
thereby disposing of the past labor of
carrying them. A dram-major and seven
field piece? have been secured to lead this
column. About eighty members contem
plate being in line.
THE CARNIVAL.
•Arrangements Being Made for Another
Kntertainment.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Carnival of the Golden Gate
held yesterday the proposition of the Co
lumbia Athletic Club to give an entertain
ment for the benefit of tbe carnival funds
wag accepted. Tbe entertainment com-
mittee of the carnival, Friedlander, Bolde
man and Fisher, will supervise this affair.
A varied and interesting programme
will be presented. The affair will take
place during the latter part of the month
at the Auditorium, which has been placed
at the disposal of the carnival manage
ment for one night. Volunteers from
other clubs have signified their intention
of assisting. The affair will conclude with
an eight or ten round go, and whl be so
conducted that ladies will find it pleasant
to attend.
The matter of the incorporation of the
carnival committee was considered, but
action was deferred until after the election.
The work of preparation is being carried
on. Carnival Director Friedlander ex
pects to announce his programme for the
week within a few days.
Correspondence has been opened with
Los Angeles with a view of remedying the
conflicting dates, both being set for April
19. The California Press Association has
also taken tbe matter in hand with a view
of making tbe carnival season throughout
the Btate a great feature and prevent con
flict of dates.
WHY NO ONE WAS THERE,
An Explanation From the Merchants'
Association Committee.
The following communication has been
received from the chairman of the com
mittee on equalization from the Mer
chants' Association :
To the Press and Public of San Francisco:
Through tbe published reports of the proceed
ings of the State Board of Equalization it ap
pears that some of the members of that board
express surprise and find f».ult that San Fran
cisco is not represented by the Merchants'
Association in answer to the citation of the
State Hoard addressed to the Supervisors of
San Francisco to show cause why the assessed
valuation ot property in this County should
not be increased for State purposes.
In view of the extraordinary increase of the
assessed valuation of property in the City and
County ol San Francisco of nearly $30,000,-
QOO above the assessment of last year, the
committee appointed by tne president ot the
Merchants' Association believed that a per
sonal representation before the State Board of
Equalization was wholly unnecessary, and
that a clear and impartial statement of the
actual facts would answer all requirements
far better than any personal representation.
Having secured irrefragable facts and data
In support of the just case of the City and
County of San Francisco, we placed them
in the hands of Hon. A. Chesebrough, member
of the State board from this district, knowing
him to be a perfectly upright' and fair-minded
citizen, and requested him on behalf of the
citizens of San trnncisco to present their case
before the State Board of Equalization. Re
spectfully submitted.
Maurick a. Rothchild,
Chairman of the Committee on State Board of
Equalization and Director of the Merchants'
Association.
•—• — ♦ — •
STATE SUFFRAGISTS.
All of Them Seem to Be Hard at Work
in the Cause of Political Equality.
The woman suffrage work throughout
the State is in a most encouraging phase,
judging from the reports thus far handed
in at the Woman Suffrage bureau. The
visiting precinct committees report that
thus far the voters interviewed stand two
to one in favor of woman suffrage. The
local organizers report that throughout
the State much interest is being mani
fested in the woman-suffrage movement,
many voters manifesting much anxiety to
obtain information in relation to the
matter.
DR, STEPHENS POPULAR,
Invited to Return to Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church for
Another Year.
In View of the Methodist Annual
Conference Next Week the In
vitation Is Significant.
Methodist circles are a good deal
agitated over the approaching session of
the California annual conference, which
meets at Pacific Grove next week. Bishop
Foss, who will preside, arrived in the
City on Wednesday. While some changes
will be made among the City pastors it is
not expected that any changes will be
made in the leading churches. Dr. Dille
will return to Central Church, Dr. Case to
Howard-street and Dr. Stephens to
SimDson.
At the quarterly conferenea of Simpson
Church, held this week, the following
resolution was unanimously adopted by a
rising vote :
Whereas. One year ago, in the providence
pi God and the order of the church, oar be
loved pastor, Rev. John Stephens, came to us
?u« ai J, ol Christ and a shepherd of
this flock, rtcftly endowed In mind and heart
and well qualified to serve the people, he has
done his work and has done It well; and
jynereasthe conference year just closing has
oeen one of marked prosperity, congregations
nave been uniformly large during the year,
the prayer-meetings have been well attended
ana have been seasons of refreshing
from the presence of the Lord, the Sundav
school has been a blessing to the children and
a help to the church, the Epworth League has
been exceedingly active and a power for good;
the Junior League gives unusual promise for
the future; the King's Daughters have been
active, aggressive and thoroughly consecrated:
in an of these the wise counsel, steady hand
and consecrated heart of the pastor has been
ten; and whereas, the year has been one of
loving service, peace, good will, mutual con
fidence and unbroken harmony between the
pastor and all the people; the finances have
been carefully managed, so that without any
extra collections or appeals all the expenses of
the church have been met in a business-like
way; itie benevolent collections are all larger
than the previous year, ana every department
gives promise of greater usefulness in the
future; therefore
Mcsolvcd, That we express our high apprecia
tion of tne services of the pastor, and earnestly
request his reacpointment to this church for
the coming year.
Dr. Stephens will preach to-morrow
morning and evening— the ; last sermons
before going to ttie couterence,
PRICE OF WHEAT
TO BE INCREASED
By Encouraging Ameri
cans to Consume a
Little More.
CUTTING OFF ENGLAND.
That Solitary Foreign Market
Where Prices Are Con
tingent.
FOSTERING HOME INDUSTRY.
This Could Be Accomplished by Re
storing the Republican Party
to Power.
The first consideration for a farmer is a
market for what he produces and, so far
as the American wheat grower is con
cerned, he has but two markets, the home
market and the alleged Democratic "mar
kets of the world," which is England and
only England. If we have any other mar
ket it is because of a short crop in some
country, and Buch market only lasts until
a good crop comes. Practically all of
Europe now produces its own supply of
wheat, for if the western nations lack any
thing the eastern nations supply the need.
But while Great Britain is America's only
steady market for wheat, America is not
Great Britain's only source of supply of
wheat. In her markets American wheat
comes into competition with the new
lands in Australia, Argentina and other
South American countries, with India and
Africa, and the building of the Trans»
Siberian railway is adding another great
field for food supply for our "mother
country." These countries are our com
petitors in the wheat markets of the world
because, with the exception of India, they
are new countries just opening up to set
tlement ana a new and better civilization,
and India is an old country being made
over new. This reason for competition
with American farms is all-sufficient and
to advance any other, save that they have
cheaper labor than America, would be
superfluous.
During the past six years England has
been buying from the United States an
annual average of 52,183,761 bushels of
wheat, and whatever else wa3 shipped
was sent away to countries which cannot
be regarded as regular customers. And it
is this small demand which fixes tne price
for the entire wheat crop of America. This
price ia not fixed by England, but it is
fixed in England, that being the focal
point toward which all surplus wheat
crops tend. What fixes the price there
is the cost of production in the different
Wbeai-producinß countries on tiie globe,
and every competitor of America in the
wheat markets of the world has vastly
cheaper labor and a lower standard of liv
ing tnan has America. There is a point
where human labor becomes cheaper than
farm machinery, and that point is reached
and passed in India. The other countries
which grow wheat are using machinery
made after American patterns.
While Great Uritaiu was buying of
American farmers an average of 52,183,761
bushels of wheat a year, our own people
were buying of our own wheat-farmers an
annual average of 321,944,010 Dushels of
wheat, so th:it if the people of the United
States could be induced to consume about
a sixth more ot wheat, there would be no
wheat to send to England, and England
would cease to fix the price of wheat for
American farmers and for American con-
sumers. Can American consumers be in
duced to consume more wneat? They can.
How? By electing McKinley.
This proposition will undoubtedly need
proof in order to make it acceptable, but
the figures are fortunately at hand to
prove it. When people are at wort earn
ing money they consume products with
out "taking thought for the morrow," but
when times are hard and the necessity for
economizing is enforced the Scriptural in
junction just quoted is no longer observed.
People under hard times conditions econ
omize in food products as in all things
else. For proof of this it is only needful
to consuit the agricultural reports from
the Statistical Department at Washington.
For instance the years 1881-82-83-84, 1889,
1890-91-92 were years in which the Repub
lican party was in control of the affairs of
this Nation. During these eight years (as
ascertained from the Statistical Abstract
for 1895, the official report of the Statistical
Department at Washington) the average
annual consumption of wheat per capita
in the United States was 5.66 bushels. For
the years 1885-86-87-88 and 1893-94-95 the
affairs of this Nation have been in control
of the Democratic party, and the annual
average consumption of wheat per capita
in the United States for these seven years
was 4.99, a per capita difference of .67 of a
bushel for each man, woman and child in
the country. In other words the Ameri
can people consume .67 bushels less each
year under a Democratic than under a .Re
publican administration.
The reason for this is not hard to find.
Undjer a Republican administration the
business world knows what the policy of
tiie Government will be — confidence'sits
undisturbed in the market-place, money
is invested in commercial enterprises,
labor is employed, the people are earning
money and spending it for the things they
want and are not stinted in food or cloth
ing. But when tbe people voted for a
change and the Democratic party was put
into power, under promises to try untested
experiments, the business world did not
know what misht befall, confidence was
shaken, money was left idle in the Danks,
factories closed down and the people were
as idle as the money, and economy, not
alone in public expenditures but in the
home living of the people, was enforced.
And that ia the kind of economy the
"Popocratic" party stands for to-day; the
kind of economy which is enforced by in
ability to buy— by poverty. Statistics
prove it, and the statistics which do prove
it were compiled and published officially
under a Democratic administration. Had
the people consumed wheat under Demo
cratic administrations as they have ever
done under Republican administrations
there would now be little wheat for ship
ment to England and the English marKet
would not fix the price for the home mar
ket. With our present population this
difference in per capita consumption would
amount to about 48,000,000 bushels a year.
Furthermore, the election of McKinley
means better prices for farm products, for
wheat has always brought better prices
under Republican than under Democratic
administration of affairs. Again an ap
peal is made to Democratic statistics to
prove this assertion. The monthly crop
report for December, 1895, sent out from
the Department of Agriculture at Wash
ington, gave the following as the average
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria,
farm prices of wheat in the United States
for each of the years as named below:
REPUBLICAN YEARS DEMOCRATIC YKARS.
Averse farm prices of Average farm prices of
wheat under Kepubllcan wheat under Democratic
doctrine of protection doctrine of tariff reform
when workingmen had and free trade, when
work and money to buy workli.gmen have little
treadstuffai with : work and little money to
1880... -951 C per bash & buy breadstuffs with:
?ui£—H§ 2 , cperbnsDCl .771 c per bushel
,2§3"* -182 c per bushel 1886... .687 c per bushel
}%%£■" -f Per bushel; 1887... -681 c per bushel
1889 A. .698 c per bushel 1888...*. per bushel
1«90... .B.SBc per bushel 1893... .5S So per bus he
1891... .BS9c per bushel 1H94... .491 c per bushel
Average for seven fat 1895... .509 c per bushel
Republican years, .902 c Average for seven lean
per bushel. • Democratic yeara, .657 c
per bushel.
Advocates of independent free coin
have been unceasing in their efforts to
make the farmer believe that there is some
subtle relation existing between silver
and wheat whereby an ounce of silver will
always buy about the same quantity of
wheat, and many wheat farmers have
been deceived thereby, as the following
comparison will show:
During 1879-80 wheat fell 15 cents a bushel
and silver rose 2 cents an ounce.
During 1880-81 wheat rose 24 cents a bushel
and silver remained unchanged in price.
During ISBI-82 wheat fell 31 cents a busnel
and silver fell ouly 1 cent an ounce.
During 1882-83 wheat rose 3 cents a bushel
and silver fell 2 cents an ounce.
During 1883-84 wheat fell 26U centa a bushel
and silver remained unchanged in value.
During 1884-85 wheat rose 12Ji centg a
bushel and silver fell 5 cents an ounce.
During 1885-86 wheat fell Bl£ cents a bushel
and silver fell 5 cents an ounce.
Dnrinj? 1886-87 wheat remained unchanged
and silver fell 2 cents an ounce.
During 1887-88 wneat rose 24'^ cents a
bushel and silver fell 4 cents an ounce.
During 1888-89 wheat fell 12.8 cents a bushel
and silver rose 1 cent an ounce.
During 1889-90 wheat rose 14 cents a bushel
and silver rose 11 cents an ounce.
During 1890-91 wheat remained stationary
and silver fell (i cents an ounce.
During 1891-92 wheat fell 21>.£ cents a bushel
and silver fell 12 cents an ounce.
I Since 1892 wheat and silver have both
fallen in common with everything else
and from the same democratic causes.
The figures above used are from official
sources and correctly compiled, and they
show conclusively that the ups and downs
of. silver and wheat nave no relation with
each other. During the fourteen years from
1879 to 1892, inclusive, the course of wheat
and silver in the markets of the world was
coincident three times and contrary eleven
times.
A pretty story has been told a million
times by the independent free-coinage peo
ple, and the Populists in particular, to the
effect that the absence of free coinage in
America and its presence in India enable
British grain-buyers to come to America
and buy silver, take that silver to India,
have it coined and buy wheat, and so get
their wheat for little or nothing. There
never was much in this story, and there
has not been anything at all in it for a
good many years, for an ounce of silver
would most always buy as much wheat in
America as in India. When India has a
short crop and America a big one wheat is
worth more in India than America, and
when America has a short crop and India
i a large one wheat is worth more in Amer
ica than in India; but, on an average, an
ounce ol silver would exchange for
as much wheat in one country as the
other, as the following comparative state
ment will show:
Teab.
O
o so
s <
'■ 5 g
j =1
ill
o
as-®
■I*
s' "°
S " 2.
: » 0
o
: Scr
1879 gl.l? $1.10
18^0 114% .95
3831 1.14 1.19
1»82 1.13% .88
1883 1.11 .91
1884 1.11 r .64%
Ihß3 1.06 .77
1886 »9 . .69
1887 .98 .68
1888 .94 .93
1889. .94 .69
1890 1.05 .84
1891 99 .-, .84
1893 .:..............•; 87 .62'
1893..... .......; .70 ' .49
*1.48
1.14
.86
.86
.88
.80
.7B
.79
.90
.85
.80
.76
.ro
.89
.68
Daring this period of fifteen years there
were nine in which an on nee of silver
would buy more wheat in America than
in India and only six in which the con
trary was true.
Will the independent free coinage of
silver in the United States cause any of
the great wheat-fields of Argentine or Aus
tralia to go implanted? Will it stop the
building of the trans-Siberian railroad into
the heart of 'Asia, where wheat can be
grown as easily as in California or the
great Northwest? Will it retard the
Hindoo farmer from Irrigating and inten
sively cultivating his fertilized little fields?
Diminishing the wages of the American
workingman, as it is sure to do, will it
enable him to consume more bread? If it
will not do any of these things, then free
coinage cannot reach the needs of the
wheat-grower. Only two things can help
him. One is to have less wheat planted,
the other is to have more wheat con
sumed. Obviously, the free coining of
silver in America can have nothing to do
with the area of wheat planted jin any
wheat-growing country, and the only
thing which can increase consumption of
wheat by the people is to increase their
earnings, and the only way to increase
their earnings is to give them more work,
and the only way to give them' more work
is to produce as nearly as possible all the
things at home that we need at home, and
the only way to bring this condition about
Is to elect McKinley and put the party of
protection into power and keep it there.
We have shown by figures compiled un
der a Democratic ad ministration that a Re
puolican administration has alwajs given
the farmer better prices and an increased
consumption of wheat than were enjoyed
under a Democratic administration, and
what the Republican party has done here
tofore it will do hereafter if the people
will entrust it with power. The Republi
can party stands upon its record, and it is
the only party having a ticket in the field
which has a record that is not a stumbling
block under its feet, a humiliation and a
shame. Protection, reciprocity, sound
money, the preservation of the faith of
the Nation and equal political and civil
rights to all citizens— these are the things
for which the Republican party stands
and has stood, and no one of these things
can fail without bringing . injury to the
wheat grower of California in common
with his brothers throughout the Nation.
Therefore let them make haste and mar
shal their hosts under McKinley's banner
and all will be well. No scheme of finance
can avert the consequences of a glutted
market.
The California wheat-grower should re
member also that if he owes any money
every dollar he owes is a gold dollar and
that a silver dollar will not pay that debt.
Even the "popocratic" party had not the
hardihood to stand by a platform that de^
manded the abrogation of contracts pay
able in gold and so forged a new plank
after the Chicago convention adjourned
in order to purge itself of the attaint of
faithlessness and repudiation which that
notorious convocation had fastened upon
it. No, every contract must be satisfied
according to the letter, and farmers in
debt who vote for free coinage of silver
rote to make it harder to pay the debts
they owe. Let this not be forgotten.
"Plant the factory by the farm." That
quotation is from Andrew Jackson and
nothing could be more in keeping with
the rugged Western common-sense of Old
Hickory than the sententious declaration
Jackson was no dreamer, no narrow devo
tee -* °JL l ? o . ol£lßi i, tlieori e9, such as Bryan is
and William McKinley i 3i 3 another com
rnon-aense leader who, if more polished
than Jackson, is not less practical or few
earnest in his devotion to the : welfare Si
his country. At Canton a little while ago
he told a delegation of farmers who hf
%nth t P f£ their res^cts to him that
•The best f thing now is for the farmer to
aV bet a C Jor y '" hi 3 ° e * hb °' It would
side of , r *,T 0U tO have a factory along.
of yon ••* Th« ? an ° ther farm alongside
ot you. That is common-sense put in a
common-sense way. Contrast it with I
can sTaL i? t^V as words
can state it that I consider it as false in
economy ana vicious in policy to attempt
to produce at a higher price in this c<£S
try that which we can purchase abroad at
a lower price." Will the farmers of Cali
fornia desert the policy of Jackson and
McKinley on the very threshold of a
great industrial development throughout
the interior valley a of this State? In
manufacturing California has heretofore
been handicapped for want of cheap fuel,
but Fresno and Folsom have settled that.
Electrical transmission is a fact, and
there is more power in the upper waters
of either the Sacramento, American, San
Joaquin and Kern rivers going to waste
every than oil the coal consumed in
America supplies to the 355,415 manufac
turing establishments that were in opera
tion under the McKinley tariff, for so
great is the fall of the waters that come
down from the higher Sierras that their
power is multiplied every mile or half
mile along their courses, and a thread of
copper will gather up that power and
transmit it whither we would have it go.
This cheap power should not be per
mitted to go to waste. If Californians
will but stand by the American principle
of protection and set their faces against
all wildcat monetary experiments capital
will come, dams will be built, dynamos
will be set up and factories for the manu
facture of sugar, woolens, linens and fruit
products will be close neighbors to all our
farms throughout the State.
NEW TO-DAT. 1
CATHOLIC A, P. A/S,
PROTESTANT A, P. A/S.
BIGAMIST HUDELSQH.
POLITICAL TRAITORS,
ANOTHER CORRUPT JUDGE
AND ROGUES GENERALLY
Broiled Alive in
This Week's Issue of
THESTAR
All the Political and Economic Question! of
tbe Day Exhaustively Considered.
JAMES H. BARRY, Editor.
L.W. LOYEY, Manager, 429 Montgomery St.
5 Cents Per Copy.
$1.50 per Year. \ *
DOCTOR COOK
. The greatest of modern specialists, cor-
-1 rects the errors of youth and removes their
evil effects from men of all ages; frees
them forever from the miseries of Lost
or Failing Manhood, Impotency, Vital
Drains, Night Emissions, Sleeplessness,
Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfulness, De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition
and similar symptoms. He also cures
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis,
Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other signs
of physical, mental and sexual debility or
decay. Careful attention given lo every
form of female complaint, and to ail-
ments of the Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stom-
ach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary or-
gans of both sexes. Piles, Fistula, Rup~
ture and Chronic Catarrh a specialty. The
worst cases solicited and positive cures
euaranteecl. Write if you cannot call, as
the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is always satisfactory. Office hours,
9t012 a. M.. 2to 5 and 7 to 8 r. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
nfifiTflß filinif 865 market street,
UUll lUn UUim, Qp P . Powell, 3. F., Call
Redemption of Dnpont-St. Bonds
rpREASUnEIt'S OFFICE, CITY AN D COUNTY '
X of San Francisco. September 2, 1398.
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds Issued under an
an or the State Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorise the Widening of .Dupont Street, In the
City of sun Franci 3 adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive. sealed proposals for the surrender of said
.Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office in 'he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
r clock noou of TUKSDAY, September 15, 1896.
The amount to be' applied to the redemption of
?2Sin^ d8 «^l. about tnet y dollars
($90,000). Bidder* will state at «hat rate they
will surrender - their . Bonds for payment. l»»s
conpons due. i\o proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dnpont-street Bonds." a. U. WIDBER, '
•: City ana County Treasurer,.
If RUPTURE, i
Egg? irrrptureil.yoa naturally hope 'to obtain relief
R»J from paia; security from Strangulated Hernia and a M
possible. Please lnvciijate -Dr.
m I leroe a Pat. Elastic Trnsi.' and you willH
— •>• *arrriied at what Ton will lenrn. ThUTrai- M
IBS ponitirel./ doe» the trori and is -wortii 11.000 to any MM
Kg rapture I man or woman. If you want the BEST, mk
M» call or send 3 cm. In damps for fret Pamphlet So. 1. MM
■ It'-ontain' full Information. » The icientlfic ad- C&3
El Jnntmrntnr trusses atouroftlfc n.ptrialty. Addren km
* MAOXETI'I ELASTIC TKr.^S CO., 50.704-N'.W Mm A
W cor. SocruucntQ li Kcainj Sts,, Saa i'raucwco, Cal. Mm
tf« ' Ohl«!iester's Basllih Dlamoad Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
9 V~<S»*V '- Original snd Only Genuine. A.
fij\.S*iiiA. Drnwlrt ftr OHchu'.er'i ladies uk
fcA \ O&a Drnsjlit tor CMcheitcri B»<,lu* Z»<>/&$S
fe*WSßckii«Vu<f Sfnd in Kc4 and Gold BtUUlo^^r
' J?V -»?&*3hoxe», sealed with bin* ribbon. Tak* Vf
1W *>i W-ino othc.-. Rtfwedanqtrcm* ruhititf V
I / *■ Aftlmu and imitation*. At Druiieisn. or Mod
I <•. Ji in ftampt for partiewlar*, tatiincnlals an
■ \ "B» O' " Relief for I.ad!e»." in leas-, by rrtnra
— X IT U a |l. x o.Of»t>Triiimoniah. .Vatu Payer. .
— rchlolic'..-r Chemical Co., JI»dI«on tiara,
laWtoMlLwiaDrnetUU. Thilmi-*, Pa»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND .WASHINGTON STS.—RB}.
J\- modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD 4 OCX
European plan. Kooius 50c to 91 60 per day, $4
to ftt per week, $8 to Sol) per moatn: tree baths;
hot and cold water every room; lire grata* 14
«very room; elevator rani all [light.
p "PAT F NTS si
, VS£g^22Q MARKET S.T.s'fSSS^
■• - .-.-■■ ■ ■ . ..'--»■■■SPOKE FOR THE
NEW CHARIER
A Vast Assemblage Last
Night in Metropoli
tan Hall.
STRONG VIEWS GIVEN.
Prominent Speakers Discuss the
Merits of the Proposed
Instrument.
SOME BESOLTJTIONS ADOPTED.
All Knds of Evil Results Attributed
to the Regimes Under the Con
solidation Act
If numbers and enthusiasm at a mass
meeting means success, that desideratum
crowned the efforts of the Citizens' Char
ter Association, for the assemblage at
Metropolitan Hall last night gathered
under its auspices was both ample in
numbers and overflowing with expressions
in favor of the new charter.
President Phelan, after a few prelimin
ary remarks on the object of the mass
meeting, introduced Horace Davis, who
spoke of the loose manner in which the
municipal government was administered
under the present order of things. He
laid particular stress on the lack of re
sponsibility on the part of the City of
ficials and the extravagance that charac
terized the handling of the public funds.
"Under the present system," he said,
'•there is no responsibility on the part of
the Mayor, the hi ad of the government.
"One great reason for extravagance," he
continued, "is the spoils system. The
City Hall is stuffed with clerks falling
over one another, .and yet your work is
badly done. These men are drawn from
the slums and put in their positions by the
bosses. This we propose to remedy by the
new charter.
"Our City government is without sys
tem. It is a conglomeration of things
that have been collected for the past forty
years and placed in the consolidation act;
and nobody, not even a lawyer, can tell
what this instrument means. Your
officers are appointed by whom? Some
are appointed by the Board of Supervisors
and some by the Governor. Why should
the Governor have the right to appoint
men to expend your taxes?
"Under the . new system we propose to
have a board of public works, which will
see that street and sewer work is properly
done. V, T e propose to establish a civil
service which will entitle men to office,
not for services rendered to a b6ss, but for
their efficiency."
He described how candidates are vir
tually nominated at the primaries, and
declared that the primaries were simply
half holidays for the ward-heelers of both
parties, who went together to both pri
maries and voted for their own party's
candidates and then for the candidates of
the other party. "And the men * thus
elected as delegates to the municipal con
vention," he said, "nominated the men
who were voted for by the people." *
Irving M. Scott confined' his remarks to
the department of public works. "The
first principle that governed this commit
tee of the freeholders," he said, "was that
we should have educated and intelligent
men to fill the places on this board— men
who thoroughly understood their duties
and who would give their entire time to
their work."
He reviewed the duties of the board as
printed in the synopsis of the new char
ier, being gratuitously distributed by the
Merchants' Association, and inveighed
against the fraudulent and defective man
ner in which the sewer system of San
Francisco had been constructed. He de
clared that an examination made by the
Bewer Commission specially appointed in
1890, showed that the contractors who had
laid the sewers in every section of the
City had connived with the inspectors,
and that there had been inexcusable
neglect on the part of the officials in the
matter.
When he referred to the provision in |
the new charter that the board of public
works shall take charge of and complete
the new City Hall Borne one in the gallery
shouted:
"It is done."
"Yes, it is done," came the quick re
joinder from the speaker, "and there is
not a fouler place under the sun."
This rhyming sally brought down the
house.
Taking his cue from this incident Mr.
Scott continued:
"We are payiner $30,000 a year to keep
this place dirty. Under the proposed new
system we would be able to keep it clean
for half the money."
Referring to the matter of boulevards, '
he declared it was an outrage the way
streetcar tracks have been permitted to
spoil most of the streets of the City, so
that it was almost impossible to reach
Golden Gate Park with comfort by driv^
ing. He denounced the old method of
granting franchises to streetcar companies,
and related how other large cities granted
them only for a limited time, and de
rived a revenue from the corporations
which utilized them sufficient to lift al
most the entire burden of taxation from
their residents. A reform on these lines,
he said, was contemplated by the framers
of the new charter, and for this reason, he
asserted, it was opposed by the corporate
powers, who have in the past and still
continue to manipulate Boards of Super
visors in their interests. Under the new
charter such manipulation, he explained,
would be impossible, as every franchise
would have to pass through the hands of
the board of pubjic works.
In conclusion he eulogized the State of
California and then painted a picture of
the degraded condition into which San
Francisco had been placed under its pres
ent system of government. His final ex
hortation was:
•'Will you not lift your city out of the
slough of despair and make it the capital
of the western world?"
Secretary Freud announced the follow
ing list of vice-presidents:
Tbossas Addison, Henry C. Ahpel. George W.
Alexander, I). K. Allison, E. B. Ames, Jerome A.
Anderson, George F. Andrea, Colonel A. Andrews,
A. S. J>» dwln. O. D. Baldwin, General W. It.
Barnes, I'eicy Beamish, B. A. Becker, i*. H.
) enays, <". H. Benedict, P. A. Jler^erot. Thomas X.
Sergio, Nathan Bibs, S. C. Bigc-low, H. M. Black,
Maurice BlocK, Henry Biytii. George T. Buhen,
A C BoldemaD, K. Booth, Antoine Borel. Al Bou
vler, Colin M. Boyd, Fred Brandt, Joseph Britton,
B BroemmeJ, Thomas Brown, George 11. Bucking
ham, Charles 8. Bundschu, M. Bunker, Martin J.
Burke George W. Burnett, John M. Burnett H.T.
Bush, F. H. Bushneli, George K. Bntler. -. ;
M I. Cahn, J. Calegarla, W. J. Caul ogham, B. B.
arieton, . . W. Carmany, Charles Carpev, B. A.
Carothers, Walter -M. CusU*. V. K. Chad bourne,
Alfred Chalcneao, Frederick C. Chandler. Qnincy
A Cliace, Henry N. Clement, Thomas M. Ciuff, K.
P. Cole, K. J. Coleman. Jumee b. Con well, George
i). Cooper, James Coughlan, Hn?h Craig, Joseph
1. Crittenden. H. a. Cro ker, William H. Crocker,
William M. Cubery. Robert A. Culbreth, Benjamin
Curtaz, A. A. Curtis. - .„ „■
Andrew M. Davis, Jacob Z. Davis, W. E. Dean,
J. G. Iteming. Colonel E. A. Denlcke, .Lawrence
I)evany, W. 11. Diojond. F. W. Dohrman, C. Don
d<ro, George O. Dornlo,- William Doxey, V. C.
liuflield, P. P. Dundon, B. K. Dunham. -•' ■
J. G. Bagleson, Wendell Kaston, I* H. Ellert, J.
W. Evans. Wallace Kverson.
D. L. Karnswor.n. Judge Kobert Ferral, Charles
A. Fisher, W. E. Flsber, Henry F. Fortman, M.
K. Frank, Joseph Fredericks, K. H. Fried lander,'
T. C. Frte&lander, Henry Frohman, M. Frederick,
J. I). Fry, J. F. Fogazl, W. P. Fuller. •
V. Gaud in, J. JU Geary Jr., William F. Gibson, J.
G. Glesting, John Gillson, W. J. Golcher, Adam i
Grant, George F. Grant, H. Greenblati, Moses .
Greenebaom, T. G. c.ruenhasen, Solomon : Gump, ,
B. 51. Gunn, A. G. Gurnett, Dr. G. Outsell, Isidor |
Gntte.
Marshall Hale. John H. Hammersmith, 8 C.
Hammond, Jerome A. Hart, A. G. Hawcs,
i). X. Hawley, Alvinza Hay ward, E. P. Heald,
Colonel M. H. Uecht, I. W. Hellman, Thomas It.
Ht'iisheiwood, Curtis Hlllver, A. Hirschman. '
Charles Jlolhrook, W. A. Holcomb, C Ossood
Hoocer, W. K. Hooper, R. G. Horn, H. B. Hule,
Joseph Uyman.
Stephen D. Ives.
Miio *. Jeffries, Frank: P. Johnson, Henry C
Johnson. H. C. Jordan.
Hugo D. Kell. Charles Kellus, Richard Keller, J.
R. Kelly, James Kennedy, Charles J.King, Homer i
S. King, Herbert Kullman.
B. T. Lacy, Charles A. Lay top, C. S. Laumeistor, i '
Herbert E. Law, a. M. Lawrence, J. B. Le Count. '
Joseph I,egi;«'tt, C Deldecker, Morris Levy, Oscar '
Lewis, W. Loaiza, B. A. Loos, Jeremiah Lynch.
Thomas Magee, R. E. Marx, Frank Maskey,
Byron Mauzy, c. \V. McAfee, Hon. Frank McCop
pin, A. 15. McCreary, Kenneth Melrose, Stewart '
Menzies. Henry Michaels, Albert Miller; Charles
E. Miller, W. W. Montague, Charles Montgomery,
George A. Moore, Walter Morocco, H. D. Morton.
F. T. Kewberry, W. M. ' JNewhall, W. J. Mew
man, John C. Kobmann.
J. J. O'Brien, James O'Dwyer, I". Older, B. P. I
Oliver, K. F. Oaborn. I I
S. C. Pardee. L. B. Parrott, Henry Payot, R. H.
Pease, John Perry Jr., James D. Phelan, George I .
H. JMppy. Charles M. Plum, E. B. Pond, G. M. I
rostigllone, Thomas Price.
J. B. Qulnn. ;
J. W. . aphael. Charles Wesley Reed, Bernard
Rein, C. U. Rode,. Adolph Boos, Frank W. Koss
bach, M. A. Kothschlld, Dr. T. A. Rottanzt.
Llppman Sachs. J. C. Sala, P. Samuels, Louis
Baron!, M. Schilling, A. Schwabacher, I. Schwartz,
Irving M. Scott, K. A. Salfridge, H. Shalnwaltl, I* .
H. Kherman, H. W. Sherwood, Levi Schillins:, <
George R. Shreve, Charles M. Shortridge, J. Silver
man. Joseph Slmonson. Louis Sloss. W. It. Smed
berg, Barclay J. smith, H. I. Solomon, Colonel
Charles SonntaK. K. B. Soule, George B. Spcrry,
•Henry stern. Samuel Sternhelm, Harry Stockton,
Leon D. Stone, George. A. Story, Vanderlynn
Stow, Levi Strauss, Frank A. Swain.
C. P. A. Talbot, H. L. Tatum, K. B. Taylor, B.
B. Taylor, Lloyd Tevis L. Tliors, Frederick K.
TUlman Jr., R. L. Toplitz. George D. Toy, I. J.
Truman, George W. Turner.
G. H. Umbseu.
Frank A. Vail. J. J. Valentine, A. P. Van Durer,
F. W. Van Slcklen, Thomas H. B. Varney, O. F.
yon Rhelu.
Colonel R. H. Warfleld, A. A. Watkins, Rolla V.
Watt, James West. W. R. Wheeler, James A.
Wiles Andrew Wtlkie, A. W. Wilson, J fines K.
Wilson, R. S. Wlnn, Charles Winters, M. P. Wolf,-
Charles Wolipert.
W. H. Yates John P. Young.
F. Zelro.
Thomas F. Barry next attempted to
speak upon the public-school article in the
new charter, but before he could get well
started he was interrupted by cries of
"A. P. A.," "Answer Father Yorke,"
"How about HudelsonT" and other re
marks to a Bimilar effect. When order
had been partially restored, Mr. Barry
proceeded to read the offending section,
which provides that the Board of Educa
tion shall appoint no teachers to positions
in the School Department save those who
may have been educated in the public
school system of California.
He paid a most graceful tribute to the
Catholic church of California for its past
services in the cause of . education, and j
scoutei the idea that the section quoted
was aimed against that church. lie said
any person, no matter where educated,
could be appointed to positions in the
School Department under the new charter
in case he could pass the examinations
prepared by the normal schools of Cali
fornia.
The explanation seemed to be far from
satisfactory to many of those present, ana I
the storm of hisses was so violent and long [
sustained that tie retreated precipitately. i
Mr. JL'helan, as chairman of the conven
tion, made an endeavor to mend matters
by- explaining away some of the state
ments of Mr. Barry, who had taken oc
casion to refer rather sligntingly to the
police system and the Fire Department
of the City. He insisted that the gradu
ates of the State Normal schools, wher
ever they might have received their pri
mary and grammar education, would be
eligible to appointment as teachers in any
of the public schools of the State.
The following communication was read,
as being explanatory of the section ob
jected to: , .;'•'-:■.
San Francisco, Sept. 4, 1896.
J. Richard Freud, Secretary Citizens 1 Charter
Association, City— Sir: In answer to the
questions propounded by you 1 would slate
that my individual opinion "is as follows :
— What was the origin of this section?
|Answer— section originated in an attempt
to prevent the employment of teachers who had
been imported from . the East and abroad and
employed without any. knowledge of their,
qualifications. The daily newspapers had fre
quently made charges that incompetent
teachers had been appointed in the School
Department, who had barely arrived in this
City, to the exclusion of much better. teachers
who had been born and educated in our
miast. It was urged upon the Board.of Free
holders that inasmuch as there was already
an existing regulation oi the Board of Educa
tion, which had not, however, been enforced,
that teachers in grammar and primary de
partments should be graduates of the City
Normal class, or at least of one of the State
Normal schools, that the charter should pro
vide in some way against the continuance of
an evil which was universally admitted. The
above section of the charter was drawn with
that intention and for that purpose.
Second— What were your intentions in fram
| ing this section?
Answer— The intention of the Board of Free
holders was to broaden the proposition which
had been made of merely limiting the appoint
ment of teachers to the graduates of the nor- |
mal schools or City normal class, in order to
Include those also who had taken a course iv
the high school, special schools of any kind or
the State University. ' ■
Third— will be the effect of this section
upon the tenure of office of teachers now in
the School Department?
Answer— lt will have no effect upon the J
tenure of office of the teachers in the School
Department except to maintain them in the j
position which they now occupy and which '
are guaranteed to them under the decision of
the Supreme Court in the case of Kennedy vs.
the Board of Education— B2 Cal. 483. The
teachers now in the School Department have
been appointed for life, and there is no pro
vision in the charter which in any way affects
their tenure of office.
Fourth— Will teachers now in the School De
partment be required under the new charter
to urther examinations of any kind in
order to retain their positions?
Answer— No. The answer to the previous
question fully disposes of this.
Fifth— Will there be any discrimination
under the new charter in the appointment or
selection of candidates for the position of
teachers in the public schools? If so, wherein
will it differ from the present rules or laws?
Answer— There will be no discrimination
under the new charter in the appointment or |
selection lor the position of teachers in the
public schools. At the present time the selec
tions are made by the Board of Education.
This would be the same method under the new
charter, except as to teachers of grammar and
primary classes, who will be appointed from i
the applicants holding a teacher's certificate
and who have passed a competitive examina
tion for teaching the primary and grammar j
classes, possessing the additional requirement
of having taken a course in any of the public
schools of the State of California. The idea was
to give preference for such appointment to
graduates of the City normal classes or State
Normal schools.
Sixth— What is exactly meant by the words
"Public school system of the State of Cali
fornia"? .
Answer— Any institution of learning sup
ported In whole or in part by the public
moneys of the State of California.
Seventh— Is meant by the words "Who
have been educated In the public school sys
tem"? *
Answer— Any person who has taken a course
In any of tho schools maintained and carried
on by public moneys Is considered . to have
been educated in the public school system of
the State of California.
Our understanding at the time and con
struction of the regulation quoted is that any
teacher is qualified to teach a primary or
grammer class who, having graduated from a
private, sectarian or parochial school of any
kind, has taken an additional course in the
City Normal class or in the State Normal
schools. The provision referred to does not
apply to the appointment of teachers in high
schools, technical schools, special schools or
kindergartens, or to principals of the primary
or grammar schools. It applies only to the
teachers of primary or grammar classes.
Eiehth— the teachers of the public
schools suoject to the rules and regulations
of the civil service provision of the new
Charter? ...
Answer— They are not. The civil service
chapter of the new charter designates what de
partments of the City government are regu
lated by the civil service rules, and the School
Departmeat is not included in the list. Yours
truly. « .v William F. Gibson.
Chairman of the Committee on Education of
the Freeholders. •
The next speaker was James S. Con well
on behalf of the bicyclists of the City. He
B poke in substance as follows:
What the modern bicycle is to the veloci
pede of forty years ago, so is the new charter
to the system under which we live. One
means honesty, economy and progress The
other means ■ corruption, extravagance and
stagnation. . ..
The new charter provides for certain reforms
that are of pecular interest to wheelmen and
wheelwomen. First, in its influence upon our
streets. Under the existing law and during
the past thirty- two years $33,000,000 has
been paid for what call our streets and aye
, nues. Thirty-two men have been incumbent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
of this office of Superintendent of Streets
— among them all not one practical engineer
or scientific road-builder.
I venture to say that in the entire distance
of 3385 miles that the boys engaged in the
relay race * across the continent will cover '
through hamlet, village, town and city, they
will not encounter a rougher section of road
or pavement than the rocky gridiron which
constituted the first relay of that tremendous
undertaking, requiring two experts to trav
erse, and which we call Market street, the
main thoroughrare of 350,000 long-suffering
people.
We find in the charter provisions for the very
reforms and improvements tnat as wheelmen
we would first inaugurate. But I submit that
all wheelwomen and all wheelmen are good
citizens and that, being such, they are capable
of a broader view than their mere personal ad
vantages.
He then enumerated what he consid
ered the many good points in the instru
ment.
Concluding he said:
The ultimate ooject of the new charter and
the spirit that characterizes its every page Is
to conduct the government of San Francisco
on business principles. This is the proposi
tion that now prevails among all leading, pro
gressive and attractive cities of the world.
Business principles, as applied to municipal
ities, involve the concentration of power into
a business head. It docs away with the multi
plication of elective officers and iastens the re
sponsibility where the citizens may see and
know the conduct of their own affairs.
The adoption of the new charter means
home rule, vast improvements and good gov
ernment for San Francisco.
The following letter from M. H. Hecht
was next read by the secretary:
Ban Francisco, Sept. 4, 1896.
J. Sichard Freud, Secretary of the Citizen*'
Charter Association— Sir: It it were possi
ble for me X would be most happy to be with
you this evening and perform my share of the
work outlined. Permit me, however, to say a
few words upon the subject assigned me. I
had the honor to be made the chairman of the
committee upon the Fire Department division
of the proposed new charter. As I have re
peatedly said, my task was an easy one, for
there were but two important matters to con
sider—first, to give the City a thoroughly ef
ficient full-paid Fire Department; the second,
to take it completely out of politics- lam
happy to say that so far there has not been the
slightest doubt expressed that its provisions
would bring about the result. There
are two clauses in the act to which I would
like to direct the attention of all voters. The
first is section 4, page 155 of the charter,
which says: "At the beginning of the fiscal
year next succeeding the adoption of the char
ter the Board of Fire Commissioners shall re
organize the Fire Department and fire alarm
and police telegraph of this City and County
so as to conform to the provisions of this
charter, and in so doing said board shall ap
point as such officers, members and employes
those persons now constituting the officers,
members and employes of the same."
In this connection permit me to say that not
only is the provision just, that the present de
partment shall constitute in part the proposed
one, but is extremely desirable, for after a long
intercourse with the officers and personnel of
the department I found a perfect nystero, re
liable and steady men and competent officers
everywhere in the department. I would say
In addition that there never will be a more
propitious time to reorganize this department,
for our City has a perfect treasure in Chief
Sullivan, and If his ideas and plans are fol
loweu by the Board of Fire Commissioners, as
they no doubt will be, we shall have a depart
ment second to none in the world.
Section 5, pace 155, reads as follows and
speaks for itself: "No officer, member or em
ploye of said department or bureaus thereof
shall be appointed or removed because of his
political faith or opinion, nor shall he be dis
missed except for cause, nor until after a lair
trial, as hereinafter provided." -
In conclusion, in my judgmedl.it is only
necessary that the citizens of San Francisco be
made familiar with all the provisions of the
charter to insure its adoption, providing they
are also inioimed that the law requires, not a
plurality for trie charier, but a majority in its
lavor of all the votes cast at the next election,
and that therefore it behooves every voter to
cast his vote lor the charter to secure its adop
tion beyond peradventure.
In my judgment it would be a-pub'.ic calam
ity were it defeated, because it would relegate
this City back to its present extremely unsat
isfactory government. It would be some
years before the machinery for a charter could
be set in motion, and then it is very doubtful
if any charter, which must always be voted
upon as a whole, could be framed thai as an
entirety is more satisfactory than the one now
submitted to the citizens for their approval
Respectfully, M. H. Hkcht.
The law committee presented the follow
ing report:
: In the opinion of your committee there is
nothing in the proposed new charter which* re
quires the members of the Fire Department to
pass a new examination under the civil ser
vice article in order to retain their positions
The Civil Service Commission is not to be
appointed until the Charter goes into effect.
Tne article on civil service requires the "com
mission to classify the officers and that appoint
ments to such offices shall be made according
to the article on civil service but the persona
holding such offices and positions at the time
of the adoption of the charter have already
been appointed and are enjoying the positions
to whicn they have been appointed. No other
appointment is necessary, and they cannot be
removed except by following the article on
civil service. It follows that no new examin
ations are or can be required of them in order
to retain their positions.
Edward R. Taylor,
Coma Hillyek,
Charles Wesley Reed,
William F. Gibson.
■ Committee on law and legislation Citizens'
Charter Association.
Before adjournment the following pre
amble and resolutions were passed, though
the "ayes" were well mingled with groans
and hisses:
Whereas, The consolidation act as originally
passed by the Legislature in 1850 has been
amended and supplemented over 400 times by
successive Legislatures of the State, until it is
now impossible to decide with certainty the
present laws governing the City and County ot
San Francisco; and whereas, auring the past
forty years this City has grown from a village
of 40,000 inhabitants to a metropolis of
350,000 people, and has developed from a
mere trading post to the largest commercial
and manufacturing center of the western
slope of the American continent; and
whereas, the consolidation act has become
obsolete, defective and inadequate to the
actual requirements of the City; he s caused
municipal incompetency, irresponsibility, ex
travagance and corruption; has sapped the
vital functions of the legislative, executive
and judicial departments of government; has
invested commissions with life tenure of
office; has permitted valuable franchises to be
bartered away to avaricious monopolies; has
cast the public service into the slums ol poli
tics, and has arrested the further progress of
the City; therelore, be it ',
Resolved, By the people of San Francisco in
mass-meeting assembled this 4th day of Sep
tember, that we welcome the proposed new
charter and advocate its adoption, because it
will make every department of the City gov
ernment responsible and accountable and re
store to the executive department its rightful
authority; it will introduce a rigid system of
finance and revenue and limit the tax levy to •
SI O7 on the $100 valuation; it will support
the honest officer in the discharge of his
duties and check the- rascality ot recreant of
ficials; it will inaugurate strict civil service,
based upon merit and fidelity; it will foster
and encourage public and private improve
ments, thus giving employment to labor; it
will effectually prevent monopolies in fran
chises and secure municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities when deemed necessary; it will
curb, the aggression and extortion of corpora
tions and iorce them to respect the rights and
privileges of the people; and finally, it will
forever annihilate the political boss and legis
lative tyrant and restore to San Francisco the
inalienable blessings of home rule.
After the adjournment of the hall meet
ing an impromptu indignation meeting
took place on the sidewalK in front of the
Temple. So great was the crowd that the
police intervened and the extempore con
vention adjourned to the middle of Fifth
street. Many personalities were indulged
in and mixed motives ware attributed to
the friends of the new charter.
♦
Another Charter Meeting.
Simultaneously with the meeting at
Metropolitan Hall a discussion on the
same subject was held at Social Hall on
Turk street, where A. P. Van Duzer spoke
in favor of its adoption and John M. Rey
nolds, P. J. Healy, Dr. J. F. Witzel, Leo
Gasser and Theodore Lynch against it.
The same arguments that have been ad
vanced pro and con. were gone over.
Rev. Mr. Lyou to Address Young Men.
The service for young men at the Christian
Association building, corner of Mason and
Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
will be addressed by Rev. E. J. Lion, rector of
St. Stephen's Church. The service will be free
to all young men. The general secretary, Mr.
11. J. McCoy, will preside, and a general invi
tation is extended to all young men to be pres
ent and hear the practical address to be de
livered by Mr. Lion.
Captain Übjhd'j Papers.
Judge Daingerffeld yesterday revoked the
naturalization capers of Captain N. W.llagen,
who perjured himself to obtain them a lew
months ago.
JIMMY-WIELDERS
ON NOB HILL
Three Ex-Convicts Charged
With Committing
Burglaries.
CLEWS THAT THEY LEFT
One of Them Supposed to Be the
Burglar Who Visted Cap
tain Lees' Residence.
WHAT THEIR RECORDS SHOW
All Have Served Terms for Burglary
and One for Srage-Robbery in
Mendocino County.
The police are satisfied that they have
caught the three men who committed the
recent burglaries on Nob Hill, and yester
day they were booked at the City Prison.
The Three Men Arrested on Suspicion of Being Concerned in
the Recent Burglaries on Nob Hill.
They are Frank Martin, alias W. Cor
bett, Patrick Kelly and Edward Colvin,
alias W. Gallagher, alias Edward Lynch,
alias llyan.
They are accused of breaking into the
residence of W. S. Duval, 1012 Pine street,
on August 2, during the absence of the
family in the county, and stealing $750
worth of jewelry and a sealskin cloaK, and
also breaking into the residence of A. O.
Holtrick, 1022 "Washington street, on
August 4 and stealing a large quantity cf
jewelry.
Although these are the only charges of
burglary against them the police have
every reason to believe that other burg
laries were committed by the trio, among
them being one at the residence of Mrs.
Townsend, 1506 Pine street. When she
left for the country she took the precau
tion to place all her jewelry and other
articles of value with the Safe Deposit
Company, and the burglars got nothing
for their trouble.
Martin, alias Corbett, and Kelly were
•rrested on August 22 by Policemen
Peshon and Adams. Detectives Gibson
and Wren, who had been detailed on the
case, ascertained that Kelly was living
with a woman in a house on Grant avenue,
and they placed Peshon and Adams to
watch the bouse, which led to the arrest
of the two burglars and -the woman. On
searching their room they found most of
the property stolen from the Dtival and
Holtrick residences.
When Martin was searched a "jimmy"
and a dark lantern were found in his
pockets, and a charge of having burglar's
tools in his possession was also booked
against him yesterday. Kelly had a re
volver in his pocket, and he was also
charged with carrying a concealed weapon.
Martin and Kelly were detained in the
"tanks" at tbe City Prison, and everv
effort was made to arrest Colvin. He was
known to be one of the gang, and was
suspected of being the man who entered
the residence of Captain Lees, 1022 Pine
street, in the early morning of August 22.
Policeman Ingham had been on watch,
and about 4 o'clock in the morning he saw
a man in a light overcoat walk rapidly
along Pine street and walk up the steps
leading to Captain Lees' bouse. Ingham
accosted him and asKed him what he was
doing there. The burglar coolly answered,
"I belong here," inserted a key in the lock
of the front door and entered the house.
He went upstairs, opened a rear window
and escaped by climbing over the fences
until he reached Taylor street.
Colvin was arresied Monday night by
Policeman Jerry Dinan and was locked up
in the "tanks."
The "jimmy" found in Martin's posses
sion will form a strong piece of evidence
against the burglars. There is a small
piece broken off the end of it, and the
shape of the jimmy corresponds with the
marks found on the sills of the windows of
the residences on Nob Hill visited by the
burglars.
The three men are ex-convicts. Kelly
on June 1, 1885, was sent to the House of
Correction for petty larceny ; February 9,
1887, he got two years in San Quentin for
burglary; September 29, 1888, six months
for petty larceny; August 9, 1890, six
months for petty larceny; July 5, 1893, one
year for burglary, and March 19, 1894, one
year for petty larceny, second offense.
Colvin, on May 18, 1893, was sentenced
to three years in San Quentin for grand
larceny, and on November 5, 1895, he got
three months in the House of Correction
for having burglar's tools in big posses
sion.
Martin, when a boy 14 years of age, was
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castorla.
on January 15, 1880, sent to the Industrial
School for three months. On May 15, the
same year, he was sent to San Quentin for
burglary. In 1888 he got six months in
the House of Correction for having
burclar's tools in his possession, and
made his escape before his term expired.
He was next heard of in Mendocino
County, where he was arrested for stage
robbery, and on November 14, 1889, was
sent to San Quentin.
DON'T WANT A WASHHOUSE.
Complaint of the Realdenti of the
Thirty-Eighth District.
A meeting of the Thirty-eighth' Assem
bly District Improvement Club was held
last evening at 1601 Fulton street
The following-named officers were unan
imously elected as the regular officers of
the club: President, John W. Grace; vice
president, Harry Niemann; aecretary,
Charles C. Morris; treasurer, Fred C.
Klein; executive committee — J. L. Fich
thaler, John Klein Jr., Henry Wetjen,
John Maguire. M. Heberger, Owen Mc-
Hugh, George S. Matthews, A. L. Morgen
stern.
The object of this club is to further and
protect the interests of the property
owners of the district, to secure all neces
sary improvements required and to par
ticipate in all matters conducive to the in
terests of the district.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
Wmereah, One Jacquemet, being the re
puted owner of a certain lot situated on Baker
street, between Golden Gate avenue and Mc-
Allister street, has permitted to be erected on
said lot a washhouse and leased the same for a
Chinese washhouse; and whereas tbe main
tenance of said washhouse is detrimental to
the progress and improvement of ail proDerty
in the immediate vicinity; and whereas all
reasonable efforts have been made to induce
said Jacquemet to cancel said lease without
satisfactory result; be it
Resolved, That this club condemns the action
of said property-owoer and will use allhon-
orable means to secure the removal of said ob
jectionable structure.
Twenty-five new members were ad
mitted, making a total membership of
sixty-eight. The next meeting wilf be
held on Monday evening, September 7, at
8 o'clock, at 1601 Fulton street.
"BEATRICE IN PRISON."
A Beautiful Statue From Rome
Placed in the Hopkins
Mansion.
It Was Presented by Dr. P. de Vecchi,
a Kinsman of tbe Sculptor,
Lamberto Goria.
. .
The San Franchco Art Association re
ceived an addition yesterday to its col
lection of sculpture. As a mark of appre
c on i at i this latest bit of statuary was
-de the centerpiece of the main gallery
directly opposite the grand entrance,
from which position it is the most promi
nent work of art in the Hopkins-Searles
mansion on California street. All day
>™ f T *.f visitorß gathered around
, » j „ j • j*u
the statue and rather admired than cmi
?j" d . f u - Ev , en t hose who did not know
that it was shown for the first time stopped
before it for a longer time than they gave
to oth « objects-of interest from which it
*«■ inferred that the new donation is the
work of a highly gifted sculptor .
lhe do " or " , D ' de m eC^ hi^ a * ins ;
man of the sculptor, Lamberto Goria of
*>*« ,, The ■«»»&* Is "Beatrice Cenci in
£ ri « on . a young woman of great personal
b aut v and sweetness of face, but the very
ccure °. de l?. ction and . rrow - Sh . e * ™
th / own 'l . r8 ? a t 5 pon h , er *>w eS ag ? l?¥l ?¥ a
chair and into this posture the artist has
pUt a ten . d erneS " and a pathos that appeal
to one with great force. The girl's hands
a . r , e , clas Pe d as , lf m D f fl y". lh . ey f. re beau ;
" ful f bauds « eloquent and pleading, and
the tena f ion from Q !?, me , lnlerna 1 Str am is
apparent, even as the stamp of sadness,
upon the 'jrhole f figure. On the face rang
»*U° a " d IVi^fStt *£?!£%• "*%*
despair might be looked for, and so the
P leasin beAUt J of a fresh girlish COU
i^Affs^-at^'ssM^
is the original from Rome. It
secured a P rize at the annual «»biW*ion
Rorae ™J 9 "' JJ h ° SCul ? l?fl ?f is / JO h^
man who has made a reputation for him
self IV,theXffi1 V, the Xffi "SiiSklin" Hi°
™*°"z b *™™i? r ;£z?i, %l
academy of San Luca, and a copy of it ae
companied his Beatrice as a gift of Dr.
veccni. was day" at the Hop,
, . Yes Q terd , ay was "free day" at the Hop
kins-Searles maniion and many thou-
Bands availed themselves of the oppor
%**£: gaileries are open to all on
the firat Friday of every month. ■ .
Sent to the Asylum.
J. T. James, who was a fewdayg ago arrested
on a charge of burglary, he having stolen a
pair of shoes, was yesterday sent to the Napa
asylum by Judge Sanderson. It wag shown
that James is in comfortable circumstances
and had no reason to steal. He has a mania
for appropriating other people's property.
DIVISION IN THE
MEXICAN COLONY
Trouble Over the Patriotic
Celebration of Sep
tember 16.
COMMITTEE RESIGNED.
On Second Thought a Compro
mise Was Effected for
Harmony.
STILI THERE IS A DIVISION.
Two Independent Celebrations Will
Be Held and Admissions Charged
to Defray Expenses.
The Mexican colony in San Francisco
has been more or less disturbed for a few
weeks over unforeseen troubles that arose
in preparation for the annual celebration
of the independence of Mexico.
This event is commemorated yearly on
September 16, and about three weeks aeo
the usual arrangements for an appropriate
observance of the day were begun. As on
all former similar occasions, the work was
taken up with enthusiasm, for every
Mexican knows that the event marks v
giant stride forward in the onward march
of civilization, and represents the turning
point in the destinies of the Southern
.Republic.
Representatives of the local colony
waited on Consul Coney, and in accordance
with their expressed wishes, he issued a
call for a meetine at which the initiative
was to be taken in preparing for the cele
bration of the 16th. The Consul-General
- l _- l __ IJ -.- I_-u-^.^_-,-',1 _- u -^.^_-,-',, l . NEW TO-DAY. -
m^WedTq
&j|FV £M On the price of your prescription, as we £\^ «£llf
X^SLS" / do not pay percentages to physicians. \^*" S*'
\j~-5-^l Our drugs are the purest money will buy
!|jy=gg ' and we guarantee every prescription jß^^K
filled at our store. *^^^*1
Absorbent Cotton, per pound 45c Hall's Catarrh Cuie ..-... ...800
Boraclc Acid, per pound 40c Cooper's Skin Soap, the best ...150
Sugar Milk, absolutely pure for babies, per ,-"' Ayer's Hair Vig0r............ ....160c
pound 30c Trusses $1 60
Gum Camphor, per pound 65c lodd's Emulsion Cod Liver Oil (does not af-
Peroxide Hydrogen, i/£lb. 20c, % lb. 40c, llb.-75c feet the stomach) 75c
s s ™ g .H*«l 7 .U IZe 1 "^""""^" 1 "^! Scott's Kraulsion cod I.iverOU ::::::;;.■;:; esc
E^^t^±S::r.:S^SS" TOdd ' 8 *»«P«IU. guaranteed 75 c
Cutlcura Resolvent 70c T^'« S^sapanlla, guaranteed 75c
Lamberts Listerine ..........65c Electric Belts $4 00 to $25 00
Dr. Scott's Catarrh Cure (6 months' treat- Galvanic or Farad lc Batteries 00 to $26 00
ment), TRIAL FREE. . v s3 50 Elastic Stockings...!... f 2 50
Have you the "pill habit"? Don't take them any more. They leave
the bowels in a weakened condition, and may do more harm than good.
Take only Nature's remedy, — . ' __ ■-■■'-■..
which act on the Kidneys arid T||#lJf (Jfinifh TilhlftfA
Liver, remove the poison ac- gfj fl \K lIRRITIi BfifllßlK
cumulated in the blood, ...■U.UIIU lIUUIIII IUUIUIUf
strengthen and create a healthy condition of the bowels. PRICE, 25c. -
NO=PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
953 MARKET ST., Bet. sth and 6th, south side.
J - Knocks Out Afl Others." •
y The Large Piece and High *
(» Grade of f'Battle Ax " has injured *) :
* the sale of other brands of higher p
1 prices and other brands of Don V A
prices and smaller pieces* Don f t i
■v allow the dealer to impose on you x
y by saying they are just as good " V
* as "Battle Ax" for he is anxious *
Ato work off his unsalable stock* r
MMajj^U|W»f€fr}"*<|^»^»J' *V" i W"*"tf"'"'B' L^"B f t jtoL i £<£ss? ! *}£**l ft p ' X "is a non-polsonon»
I•JIBaIftI HI SH b» I a I &.«m A I Ijl <<^^H^^*^^^Bml remedy for Gonorrhoea.
■"I ■*« * 5 I*BB■■ *1 f~l w I CTI i MB^CCBE&W Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
9r I ~s.^.,r>~SS<*JL~*aßaJßgH, fIUW-^iflt.rt.H ASLjgrini tos^»Ts.\i Whites, unnatural dis-
1111/ C Vnil " s ° ro Tnrcat I'imples, Copper« £&P*l OBarwMaAl « charges, or any inflamma-
HnA7£ Tl*U colored Spots, Aches. 61<2 So«bM •sJp£°J , \"V V? ' 'T 1 * 11011 or ulc «ra-
W&Ulcers In Month, Hair-Killing? Write COOK. g~gPreveaj eonttgion. tiou of mucous mem-
■ittMEßT CO., 807 Masonic Temple, S3 WV*»VHEEvAHS CheWC«iCo. "ranes. :Non-astringent.
Hchlcasro, 111., for proofs of ceres. Capi- & wjAciNCINMATi.O Hi I * oltl *>y DrainfLlto,
p3ta.l, 8500,000. Worst cases cared In 15 fl '^^Sk k V 8 i Vflßl or Bent ' D plain wrippe-
Bie 35 days. 100-pure book iree- gj ./^iH^J " ' J^BHB by express, prepaid, foe
■■— M 'JIMIMJIIMIIIIMLMIMMIIIiMniE ""V^kPSSS^^v^ 1 6* fi -" 00 . or 3 bottles, ?2.7\
■■BfIBBHMHBW '^HBHrV" B Circular seat or, r .QMt.
of Mexico called the meeting to order. A
general committee on arrangements was
elected, and at a subsequent meeting the
committee selected its own officers. Carlos
Moncisvais, the manufacturing jeweler on
Kearny street, was chosen as chairman,
I and the result of the election waa sent to
Mr. Coney.
For some reason— and this has been the
source of considerable comment in the
Mexican colony — the Consul declined to
collect money, as waa his custom, from
leading commercial firms that have been
interested in the celebration. As the
story goes, he was not wholly pleased
with the committee.
Anyhow the colony was more than sur
prised when a, circular letter was issued
by the celebration committee announcing
that as Mr. Coney would not assure the
financial support necessary for a fitting
celebration it had decided to dissolve and
had given up the idea of commemorating
the day. Some days later influence was
brought to bear on the committee, with
the result that tnis action was reconsid
ered. Wise council prevailed and tha
whole plan wa3 c nanced.
Heretofore the; cele oration was free, all
participants having been invited, and it
partook of the nature of a grand ball,
literary and musical exercises and a
street parade. Now, however, under the
compromise arrangement there will be a
charge for admission to the hall where
the patriotic celebration is to be held, and
an independent entertainment will be
given in another place.
The compiomise was that the celebra
tion bs limited to exercises in California
Hall, on Bush street, and that a charge
be made for tickets, to defray expenses.
When Mr. Coney heard of tbis he said:
"That is a good plan; you can send me
tickets." So the breach was healed. But
it is not at all likely that a street proces
sion will be a part of the celebration, as
the Juarez Guard has determined to
march only under a Mexican flag, and has
disbanded on account of the order of Gov
ernor Budd, which prohibits them from
carrying their flags or arms.
1 mmediately on the issuance of the cir
cular statiug that the committee would
hold no celebration the Mexican Patriotic
Club, of which Frank Romo of 930 Broad
way ia the leading spirit, published a no
tice that it would observe Mexican Inde
pendence day in Union-square Hall. The
change of sentiment on the part of tbe
colony committee has not dampened the
ardor of the club, which iv now busy with
arranging details for its entertainment.
Consequently, unless something at pres
ent unexpected should happen before
September 16 to unite the two elements,
there will be a dual observance of the
Mexican national festival in this City.
Sent to Ban Quentin.
Judge Troutt yesterday sentenced Frank
Ross to ten years in San Quentiu for burglary.
910
THE FIELD
OF SPORT
The oarsmen are looking forward to the
Stockton regatta in expectation of seeing
some grand racing. Crews from this City
and Stockton have been training for many
weeks and latest accounts state that the
men are in splendid form and fast racing
will certainly result.
Interest in wheeling is rapidly fading.
The large gatherings that witnessed race
meetings a year or so ago are no longer in
evidence in the parks where contests are
held. The boxing clubs are taking a rest,
although the Occidental Club will give an
entertainment same time during the end
of the month.
The rifle and inanimate target shooters
are keeping up a lively fusillade on the
targets.
Coursing is in full blast and other de
partments of sport are well patronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
An Election Surprise of the Bay City
Wheelmen— Club Events
To-Morrow.
Thetarobig race meets on Admission
day at Stockton and San Jose have to a
certain extent awakened an interest in
cycle racing that seemed to be dying
among the club men, probably for want ot
encouragement. And after these meets
and the one at Eureka on the 23d it seems
improbable that there will be any track
E. W. DECKER, the Crack Wheelman of the Acme Club.
racing hereabouts for some time to come, j
In this eyent road racing will thrive— that
branch of the sport which the league
frowns upon and which is the very life of
the California Associated Cycling Clubs
and the Century Road Club of America.
And meanwhile the vast army of the un
attached, without any head or organiza
tion, and each going his own sweet way,
will tour and tour through the country,
enjoying the pastime the most of all, bat
still lacking that pleasure of standing up
to be counted when the rollcall of the
League of American Wheelmen summons
all, its members to fight some unjust rule
or legislation, like the recent proposed
charge upon wheels as baggage.
The Liberty Cycling Club will hold its
road race, postponed from last Sunday,
to-morrow "over the San Leandro-Hay
wards course at 2 p. v. Captain White
will lead a run of those who are not en
tered in the race, taking the 11 a. m. boat.
George Morrill, the well-known cycle
dealer, has taken out a license in Oakland
to marry Miss Ruth Holmes, and his
many friends are sendinc in their con
eratulations.
There will be a meeting of the board of
officers of the North California division of
:he League of American Wheelmen to
night at the rooms of the Bay City Wheel
men, 441 Golden Gate avenue, at 8 o'clock,
and considerable important business is to
be transacted.
The nominating committee of the Bay
City Wheelmen has named the following
directors for the ensuing year: Frank H.
Kerrigan, George P. Wetmore, Walter D.
Sheldon. Frank H. Watters, Harry Lar
kin, A. J. Menne, George Dyer, Howard
P. Taylor Jr., John G. North, George
Lyman Hall and Archie Reid. The road
officers will be: Henry L. Day. captain;
Arthur Kellom, first lieutenant; J. M.
Pike, second lieutenant. This announce
ment has created a big stir in the club
house. The selection of the road officers
is very popular, though somewhat of a
surprise. But of the directors only six of |
the old board are returned, beini; the lirst I
six named, whiJe those who »vere replaced J
were Sanford Plummer, Byron D. Bent, i
W. H. Toepke, Charles A. Elliott and H. !
P. Howard. True. Mr, Howard had re- |
signed and Mr. Elliot had married, and
Mr. Toepke expressly declined re-election,
but the gossips are wondering why
"Sandy" Plummer, who was once cap
tain, was "turned down" by .the
nominating committee, and why "Pro
fessor" Bent, one of the moat popular
members, was not returned to the direc
torate. Again, they say these men have
I been replaced by others not so experi
enced in the club's affairs, and fears are
even expressed that the big club's present
prosperity may not continue in their
bands. Truly, there are a lot of "kickers"
in the home of the Maltese cross just now,
and the end is not yet. An opposition
ticket is so loudly spoken of as to be
almost a certainty. It will have to be put
up before the Bth in*t. Meanwhile, the
' volcano is only slumbering.
The race meet to be held at Eureka on
September 23 under the auspices of the
Eureka Agricultural and Mechanical Fair
Association will attract some of the local
professional riderj, and the probabilities
are the Terrill brothers, "Bob" Long,
Allan Jones and some of the other cracks
will compete tnere. Entries should be
addressed to L. L. Ayers, secretary race
meet committee, at Eureka. The events
and prizes are as follows:
Half-mile scratch, amateur — Winchester
rifle, $115; pair shoes, $5.
One mile, professional— sso, $20 and $10.
One mile, handicap, amateur — Diamond
smd, $20; bicycle suit, 813.
One mile, scratch, professional— s4o, $15.
' Two miies, handicap, amateur — Overcoat,
$24: silk hat,s!>.
Two miles, handicap, professional— sso, $20
and $10.
Richard E. Revalk has succeeded A. P.
Swain as captain of the Acme Club Wheel
men. His riding days date back to the
time of the old high wheels, and as ho is
thoroughly in touch with the sport he
should make a good road officer.
William Alexander, G. A- Ritchie and
Dr. J. F. Twist have been elected mem
bers of the Bay City Wheelmen. The club
will have a run to-morrow to Centerville,
taking the 9 o'clock broad-gauge boat.
The latest bulletin of the racing board is
as follows:
Bulletin No. 23. September 4, 1896.
Sanctions granted— Sept. 7, Electric City Bi
cycle Club. Greai Falls, Mont. ; Sept. 7, Council
of Labor, Los Angeles, Cal. ; Sept. 9. Clan Pra
ser, No. 78, O. 8. C, Oakland, Cal.; Sept. 23,
Humboldi County Mechanical and Agricultu
ral Fair Association, Eureka, Cal,
Pacific Coast records accepted— Flying start
unpaced, amateur:. Two miles, .T. S. Brereton,
San Francisco, August 22, 1896, 5:05 1-5.
Three miles, J. S. Brereton. San Francisco,
August 22, 18!>G. 7:47 1-5.
I'our miles. J. S. Brereton, Ban Francisco,
August 22, 1890, 10:29 2-5.
Five miles, .t. B. Kr< reton, San Francisco,
August 22, 1890, 13:09 1-5.
-'1 r.iiisferred to professional class— Charles D.
Bmltb Jr. and Charles M. Evans, Salt Lake,
Utah; Leonard Cesson and Stanley Oder,
Fresno, Cal., under clause B; Ed E. Chapman,
Napa City, Cal.. under clause C; Carl Abend- j
roth, J. E. Worff and August Gastendeick, Port- '
land, Or., by vote of racing board.
Suspended— For competing in an unsanc
tioned event, Charles D. Smi'-li Jr. and Charles
M. Kvans, Salt Lake City, Utah, until Novem
ber 1, 1896. For competing at unsanctioned
meeting* at Sauta Monica, Cal., August 23 and
30, while under suspension— William Aldridge,
Arthur Griffin, \V. W. Hutton, F. W. Holbrook,
W. J. Hutton, Charles Miller, .1. L. Standefer,
W. A. Taylor, Emil Ulbricht, Clyde Washburn,
Los Angeles, Cal., permanently.
Suspensions terminated— Samuel Thompson
and Robin Fletcher, Pendleton, Or.
R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board for Arizona,
California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Mon
tana, Utah ami Nevada.
It will be noted that the riders who
competed at Santa Monica on Sundays,
August 23 and 30, have been permanently
suspended. This practically ends their
racing careers and takes a number of good
men from the track. C. D. Bates of the
Reliance Club was down there last Sun
day and attended the meet. He says the
attendance was very slim, there not being
enousrh people in the stands to pay ex
penses. Under such circumstances it
seems this Sunday racing experiment will
have to be abandoned, "and then where
will these riders be? Permanently sus
pended by the racing board, they can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
never compete at any meet held under
L. A. W. sanction, and that means they
are barred from every meet of importance
that will ever be held on the coast. By
flying in the face ol the L. A. W. they
have, metaphorically speaking, killed
the goose that laid the golden egg, for
some of these men were making a living
off the racing game, and that means of
livelihood is now shut off. Sunday cycle
racing may some day obtain in California,
but the day is not yet, and these Southern
California enthusiasts had better have
waited until tne league sanctioned such
meets.
Mr. Bates speaks of F. W. Holbrook,
who competed at these meets, as a remark
able rider, who defeated such men as Hat
ton, Ulbricht, Taylor, Washburn and
others with ease, and on the day he was
there won every heat and final in which
he Btarted. The pity is such a man should
ness in transgressing the rules of such a
powerful organization as the League of
American Wneelmen.
That some of the Eastern circuit followers
carry considerable money is evidenced
by tne story that Walter Sanger, known as
"Wooden Shoes" and the "Milwaukee
Giant," had his pocket picked of $510 at
the Louisville meet last month. The big
fellow has been having hard luck. He is
riaing faster than many of the men who
have been beating him, but fate seems de
termined to prevent him getting to the
top. He made two wonderful sprints at
Louisville, and should have been the win
ner in some of the open events, but each
time he pulled some rider up with him,
who beat him out by inches at the tape.
The reinstatement ol L. D. Cabanne to
the L. A. W. has caused considerable com
i ment. His life suspension was reduced to
j a year, whicti lets him into the league
again on September 1. Titus has applied
for reinstatement and has been refused.
The professionals who will ride at Stock
ton on Admission day are: Ed Chapman,
N. Ackenuan, D. E. \\'hitman, A. M. Boy
den, R. L. Long, P. M. Byrne, G. A. Nia
sen, Oscar Ofeen and W. A. Terrill. The
entrants for all the different events ap
peared in The Call yesterday.
The Garden Ciiv Cyclers of San Jose are
making unusual efforts for the entertain
ment of wheelmen who will attend their
meet on Admission day, which the follow
ing circular letter will'more fully explain:
The Garden City Cyclers take pleasure in ex
tending to tne wheelmen of California an ear
nest and cordial invitation to be present at the
festivities attendant ivith their annual cele
bration of Admission <iay, t-eptember 9, 1896.
Unusual effort is being exerted, in the fkoe
of adverse influences, to make this occasion
one long to be remembered and we ftre confi
dent that you will not regret your presence.
For the wheelmen of AlameUtt, Oakland and
San Francisco we have secured a special train
to leave at midnight on the night of Septem
ber 9 via the narrow-gauge railroad (S. P. C.
R. X.), connecting witn terry lor San Fran
cisco at Oakland pier. This, with the regular
train for San Francisco over the broad-gauge
milroad at 4:;5O a. m., will enable them to par
take of the pleasures provided for tfieevemng.
The programme is as follows:
9 a. m. to 12 m.— lmpromptu reception at
clubrooms.
1 MO p. M.— Races at G. C. C. track.
8 P. m — Grand open-air roof-garden party,
including vutertainnu-nt by various popular
clubs of San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose,
and refreshments, at which visiting wheel
men will bo our guests. Yours respectfully,
Gabdkn City cyclers.
To-morrow the San Francisco Road
Club will tour to Liberty's, in Marin
County, led by Captain Pixley, taking the
9 a. m. Sausalito boat. Spalding.
THE GUN.
Inanimate Target Shooters — The
Duck-Shooting Clubs.
The Reliance Gun Club of Oakland will
meet to-morrow in an open-to-all tourna
ment which will be held on the grounds
of tne Pacific Tournament Association
The Salinas Rod and Gun Club will
meet to-morrow at the Salinas trap-shoot
ing grounds, where a tournament open to
all will be held. Monterey, San Jose, Gil
roy, Stockton and San Francisco sports
men will participate. A first-class time is
guaranteed.
The Empire and San Jose Gun Clubs
will meet on the 20th inst. at San Jose,
where a match, shoot at inanimate targets
will be held. The consideration is a $20
trophy. Each club will pay one-half of
its cost. The teams will be composed of
twelve men, twenty-five birds, known
angles. Betting favors the San Jose team.
The Los Angeles Gun Club is making
extensive preparations for its annual
tournament, which will be held on the
l'sth, 26th and 27th of this month. Among
the teams that will take part are the
Olympics of this City and Empires of Oak
land.
The Stockton Gun Club when shooting
matches at the traps don a uniform con
sisting of a white hat, red sweater and
white pants,
Ciiinese pheasant shooting promises to
be first class this year in Oregon, and the
sportsmen of Portland are already making
preparations for the slaughter of the Mon
golians.
Rattlesnakes are very numerous this
year in the neighborhood of Pieta, and
sportsmen have given that part of the
country the cold shoulder.
According to the secretary of the Sports
men's Protective Association of this City,
a brisk war will be waged this winter
against those clubs that have leased large
sections of overflowed country for the sole
purpose of shooting wild ducks. There
are now two suits pending, in the courts,
the principal one of which being the suit
of the Ibis Gun Club against members of
the Mallard Gun Club. The members of
the latter club are very anxious to have
the question of sportsmen's rights decided
before the opening of the season when it
will be lawful to shoot wild ducks. The
Protective Association has now a member
ship of 753 and is daily growing stronger.
The following letter has been received
from a prominent sportsman, whose vera
city cannot be doubted:
„ „ _ City, September 3.
Editor Call: L. D. Anderson and Ed Kandall
of pHCheco, accompanied by K. P. E. Troy of
Sau Francisco, spent a few days last week on
Mount Diablo hunting deer. While the object
of their hunt did not favor the sportsmen with
a chance to get within range considerable
smaller game was overtaken and bagged. So
the trio were quite well pleased with their
expedition. Mr. Troy returned home Tuesday
looking as brown as a berry and badly sun
burnt. He would insist on being modest
about a hairbreadth escape with a mountain
line, although he said that deer was very
scarce and timid on the mountain. Three
bucks were sighted in the higher altitudes at
long range, whither they have retreated be
tore the army of hunters who industriously
belabor the slopes of Mount Diablo.
"I had always heard," remarked Troy, "that
Diablo was noted for its lions, but I could not
get a shot at one anywhere."
In Pacheco the sportsmen failed to explain
that the special quest of their companion was
survey lines, and he still insists that "the
woods are full of 'em."
THE ANGLER.
Good Bass Fishing in Russian River.
Anglers Going North.
Governor Budd is a tolerably good ang
ler. After a sixty- five- mile drive recently
from Piacerville through Strawberry Val
ley and thence to Fallen Leaf Lake he
canght fifty trout in one day's fashing.
The Governor had his best luck on a rly
which is called the silver king.
John Gallagher and Henry Pitcher of
San Mateo are now on the Eel River en
joying the grand sport that steelhead fish
ing affords. The angler 3 will locate at
Grizzly Bluff, where the best fishing is
near at band. They will be joined by
John Butler and party in a few weeks.
Charley Green, Morehouse, Jones and
Curley are making preparations for an
other outing near Duncans Mills. Green
learned a few days ago that the bas3 were
still biting well, and he proposes to have
a final try for some of the big fellows.
The regular semi-monthly tournament
of the Fly-Casting Club will be held at
Stow Lake next Saturday, and in the even
ing of the 15th inst. the club will have a
business meeting in the Flood building.
Small steelheads ranging in size from
one to two pounds iii weight made their
appearance recently In the Russian River
near Duncans Milis. This is the first run
of thy fall fish up that river.
Thomas Flvnn, editor of the Wasp,
writes from Boca that the Truckee River
is one of the finest trout streams in Amer
ica, and that he is enjoying a splendid
outing. The genial Thomas has had tol
erably good success with the minnows,
landing some trout that weighed from two
to three pounds.
In the lakes of the Spring Valley Water
Company the trout and bass are unfit to
eat. They taste of the decaying weeds,
and anglers are consequently not in the
least bit anxious to catch them.
It has been stated on good authority
that Mills, the Fish Commissioner of Ne
vaaa, will compel the owners of the dam
at Verdi to put in a fash-ladder this year.
COURSING.
Dogs Are Going Into Retirement to
Rest Up for the Merced Meet.
Coursing men in this and other cities
where the followers of the leash enjoy
their favorite sport are beginning to look
forward to November 16, when the pick of
California dogs as well as some from other
States will meet in the slips to strive for
the honors and money that go to the win
ners of interstate meetings.
This year's meeting promises to be of
more than usual interest, and many of the
best local dogs have already gone into re
tirement to get the needed rest before be
gin ning the arduous training that is
necessary to fit them to chase the atrile
jacks of the Merced plains. The Cronin
& McDonald kennels, which include the
swift Skyball, Reliance and Rosa B and
other fliers, will not figure prominently
in the parks until alter the annual plains
coursing is over, aud other owners are
preparing to follow.
William Sugarfoot of Modesto, compar
atively a new lijjht in coursing, has signi
fied his intention of running six dogs at
the meeting and has written to Tom Bren
nan, the well-known trainer of this City,
FANCY DOGS THAT WILL BE EXHIBITED AT STOCKTON
W. B. Nutter's English Setter Cazador.
John E. Doak's Cocker Spaniel Dandy, "Winner of First Prize at
San Francisco in 1896, and "Winner of First and Special
Prizes at Oakland in 1896.
Mr. Cheouard's Field Spaniel Tom Sawyer.
to engaee his services in fitting the hounds
lor the ordeal.
If the managers of Ocean View Coursing
Park accept an ofter that wrs recently
maae them and the matter turns out as
the promoter claims it will, local fanciers
will have to cross their greyhounds with
streaks of lightning to have "the kill figure
in future coursea and the park will make a
fortune.
William Savage of Madera claims to
have four huge jacks that no greyhound
on earth can catch and all he asks is the
moderate sum of $75 for one or $100 lor the
/our. This is the letter he sent to Mr.
Dillon:
Madera, Aug. 11, 1896.
year Sy: Seeing your address manager of
Ocean View Coursing P;\rk, 1 have four large
hares I would sell you, but probably the price
would not suit— s7s apiece or $100 for the
1 will guarantee you if there is a suitable es
cape, aud they get used to it, there is no pair
of dogs on the coast will catch them. Put
them in the park on Monday and givo them
the run of it and chase them around dally with
a hobbled dog for five or six days to get them
well acquainted with the escape, and you will
have something that will pui the boys to talk
ing, and you can make money, besides betting
them that their dogs cannot catch the game.
1 will bring them down to you and give you
three months' trial, provided at the end of the
time you will take them at the price named.
•iney are very large, will weigh over nine
pounds apiece, and I feed them out of my hand.
Of course you will have to feed them regularly
with turnips, carrots, lettuce, wheat ana
apples and give them plenty of water. I give
you the first slap at them.
itouare running no risk for your money —
only paying a high price for something that
will be the talk of the town. Yours respect
lull >> \V. P. Savage, Madera.
It is suspected that these may be the
famous coyote rabbits of Kansas and that
Mr. Savage has been feeding them on
young cyclones to develop their speed,
J. F. Rossiter's fast young dog Sam
Victor, by imp. Major, out of imp. Daisy,
went wrong during the week while train
ing on the beach with Emm Pasha under
the care of Harry Perieo and will not be
able to run for some time. He is thought
to have picked up something poisonous.
The proposed match between Right
Bower and Emm Pasha for $100 a side has
developed a pugilistic encounter instead
oi a coursing contest, and inconsequence
a man named Burrill is carrying a badly
contused eye and a desire for revenge.
Burrill is a drummer for the commercial
house of which J. T Rossiter. Pasha's
owner, is manager and took such a deep
interest in the match as to worry Mr. Dil
lon, the owner of Right Bower, with chal
lenges, offers of bets, etc., until the latter
lost all patience.
Mr. Dillon was willing to make the
match, but was not prepared to wager all
of his earthly belongings on the contest
and steadily refused to Det more than had
originally been proposed.
The matter culminated on Thursday
when Burrill met Dillon at the Builders'
Exchange and during a conversation that
ensued addressed an insulting remark to
the Ocean View Park manager, impeach
ing the latter's veracity. He was promptly
knocked down for his pains and but for
the interference of bystanders would have
received a severe drubbing.
The drawing for to-morrow's coursing at
Ingleside took place at Delta Hall on
Thursday evening as follows:
Old dog stake— T. Brennan's Gold King vs.
J. Shea's Tullermore, D. Roche's Mountain
Dew vs. E. Wilson's Sunnyside Maid, D Kerr's
Active vs. T. Brennan's Rapid, D. Leonard's
Will-o'-Wisp vs. J. Grace's Lass o' Gowrle, J. J.
Donnely's Defender vs. J. D. Riley's Belle of
Moscow, Valley kennel's Mountain Daisy vs.
J. J. Brady's Htirkaway, J. Hannon's Foxhall
vs. 11. Spring's Premier, J. J. Brady's Wee Nell
vs. H. Spring's Jasper, George Watson's Lady
Clare vs. P, Ryan's Mollie Bawn, F. D.
Hugh's Domestic vs. P. Casserly's Sausalito,
Valley kennel's Jimmie Carter vs. Cronin &
McDonald's Jack Dempsey, P. Casserly's Tem
escal vs. O'Connor & Larkey's True Blue, J. E.
Cohen's Highland Mary vs. D. Roche's Dan C,
8. Newman's Blue Light vs. T. Brennan's Lady
Ingleside, P. Bryan's Gripman vs. Alameda
kennel's Daisy. M. Traynor's Flashlight vs.
O'Connor & Larkey's Galloping,
Puppy stake— George Watson's Doncaster
vs. J. O'Connor's Lilly Twist, George Watson's
Honest John vs. Arcade kennel's Miss Murphy,
W. J. Shields' Dora Thorn vs. J. J. McDonald's
Lightning, J. Riley's Blue Cloud vs. P. Olma's
Blue Bell, O'Connor & Hoar's Pat Murphy vs.
P. Olma's Eaisy Maid.T. M. Stateler's Roderigo
vs. P. Mullarky's Jim Daly.
The drawing for the 32-dog stake that
will be run to-morrow at Ocean View
Park took place at Delta Hall last evening
and was remarkable for the evenness ot
the matching. A large crowd of leashmen
was present and a number of bets were
made on tiie result of individual courses.
Following is the result of the draw:
Casserly and Lehman's California Violet vs.
T. Cooney's Granuaile, L. Traynor's Climax vs.
J. Seuerson's White Chief, D. Tweedie's White
Rustic vs. J. McCormack's Wnile Lily, J.
Wren's Magnolia vs. W. F. Kelly's Evening
Star, J. Shea's Fearless v.-. A. Merrill's Hand
spring, Cronin & McDonald's Best Trump vs.
J. Victors Linster Boy, J. Lennon's Maud G
vs. \V. Murphy's False Alarm, J. Dillon's Bill
Nye vs. Richmond kennel's Uncle Sam, T.
Cooney's Fireball vs. J. Wnn'i Olden W,
J. Mcl'ormack's Black Prince vs. M. Nolan's
Lndy Crockett, P. Fitzpatrick's Annie Daly vs.
A.' Merrill's Faster and Faster, Casserly & Leh
man's Princess Diana vs. Dillon & Riley's
Fairy, C. Anderson's Fairy D vs. J. Strehl's
Lillian Russell, T. Cooney's Eclipse vs. Poria.l
it llngerty's Eidridge, J. Parkison's Fireman
vs. D. Tweedies' Dublin Stout, P. Ryan's Royal
Stau vs. T. Tram's Little Beauty.
The prizes are $25, if 15. $tt and $6.
BOXING.
McAultffe Will Take Passage on a
Ship for This City— The
Armory Club.
The Armory Club has almost completed
its arrangements for a series of boxing
contests, which will be held at Woodward's
Gardens on the evening of October 10.
The manaeer of the club has signed little
Jimmy Anthony to meet two men, name
ly Cooney and Fay, whom Anthony
guarantees to stop in one evening or take
the loser's enil of the purse. Lon Agnew
will also meet Spider Kelly in a ten-round
contest, providing the "Spider" is willing
to take on the job.
Jeff.ies left this City on Thursday even
ing for his home in Los Angeles and Joe
Cuoynski took his departure the same
evening for Denver, wnere he will meet
"Reddy" Gallagher in an exhibition bout.
DR. E N. SHORT, Leader of the Olympic dub Athletes, Who
Will Retire From- Office on Monday.
From Denver Cboynski will journey to
Cripple Creek and appear before the
Coloradans in a four-round contest arainst
Billy Woods. Joe hopes to do much bet
ter than Corbett.
A big gathering of sports will assemble
at Young Mitchell's resort on Monday
evening, from which place they will go to
the California Theator to see Steve Brodie
in the Bowery Boy. Brodie was one of
Jack Dempsey's greatest friends.
If any pugilist is entitled to a prize for
foul fighting ''Mysterious" Billy Smith
leads the. list of eligibles. On Thursday
night, during his match with Jim Ryan in
Portland, Or., Smith resorted to all man
ner of ways to defeat his opponent, and
the referee, after having cautioned him re
peatedly, declared the match against him.
Smith returned the compliment by strik
ing the referee in the face. It is hoped,
for the better interests of the sport, that
Smith be invited at the expense of the
State to remain indoors a couple of years.
A rest would possibly do him good.
Before Steve Brodie left New York Jack
McAuliffe informed him that he would
leave his home for 'Frisco on or about the
10th of this month. McAuliffe will take
passage on a steamer, as he is of the
opinion that a sea voyape will greatly im
prove bis physical condition. McAuliffe
is matched to fight his old opponent,
Jimmy Carroll, under the auspices of the
St. George's Club at Woodward's Gardens
some time in the middle of November.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Averages of the Great English
Players.
Now that the English season approaches
its end the importance of the intercounty
matches increases and the attendance is
larger than ever. Middlesex has defeated
Lancashire for the second time this sea
son, and as a result Surrey steps into the
second place. The positions of the lead
ing counties are now as follows:
Counties.
a
o
a
£
3
p
-:
-x.
Yorkshire
Surrey
Lancashire
Middlesex
Kaaex
23
22
18
12 i
10
15
10
10
7
4
3
6
4
3
3
6
1
4
2
3
12
11
6
4
1
The averages of the leading batsmen
and bowlers have just appeared. Prince
Raniitsir.hji heads the list of the former
with 53.29. The others are Captain E. G.
Wynyard 51.12, L. C. H. Palairst 45.25,
ADel 45.27, Storer 45.17, Gunn 44.19 and W.
G. Grace 44.20.
The bowlers are ranked as follows: J.
T. Hearne 13.193, Haigh 14 24, Attewell
15.89, Richardson 16.87, Hay ward 16.53 and
Lohniann 16.49.
The order of the Australian batsmen is:
Gregory 32, Hill 32, Darling 32, Iredaie 30,
Trott 30 and Gnffen 26.
The All Oregon team, captained by
Charley Lawrence, opened their Victorian
campaign on the 30th ult. with a match
against the Victoria team on the carnival
grounds. They were defeated by f. score
of 74 to 93. Lawrence batted in his old
time form, and made 32 without giving a
chance.
Last Saturday the Associated Banks of
Portland defeated the P. A. A. C. at
Mutnomah field by ten runs. Score, 84
to 74.
The local cup matches scheduled for to
morrow aie: Pacifies vs. Bohemians at
Alameda and Alamedas vs. Californias at
Golden Gate. The first of these is likely
to be intensely interesting. Umpire.
, — ♦
FOOTBALL.
Match Games Only Four Weeks
Off — Gossip of the Gridiron.
A schedule of games for the four big
football elevens during the coming season
will be arranged to-night at the Olympic
Club if the Stanford and University of
California football managers are able to
meet there and confer with the Olympic
and Reliance mangers. The first match
game of the season will probably be played
on the afternoon of October 3. the first Sat
urday of next month. From then until
the great intercollegiate game on Thanks
giving day, there will likely be a match
every week, as both Varsity teams will
probably play two games each with both
Olympic and Reliance. Then, too. there
will be other games between "the big
four" and the minor football teams.
No active work has yet been done on
any of the gridirons, except at St. Mary's
College, but ten days hence most of the
Phgibles will have come out in paddea
suits, and then the partisans of each will
be able to judge what material there is to
build a team from.
/At Berkeley football suits have been
issued to Captain Ransome, fullback-
Sherman and Kaarsburg, halfbacks
Hutcbinson and Hopper, ends; Kennedy
and Haskell. quarters; Ludlow, tackle-
Selfridge and Greisberg. centers. It seems
there is a family objection threatening
Self ridge's football career, but the Stan
to I his 3 P^y 3 g ! hey haVe no option at all
The, Berkeley freshman team will be
formed as soon as possible, so that it may
get the benefit 4 ot long practice before
ST B lSft« h : Stanford freshmen, which
are said to be a promising lot of young
sters this year, as tar as football ma- "rial
is concerned. But the Berkeley m^nhavi
the inspiring influence of . the victories of
the classes oi '99 and '98 to make thorn
determine that the Berkeley class of 1900
shall not be responsible for the loss ofa
supremacy, established; on their side of
the bay. The building near the cinder
track is to be fitted up with showers and
lockers for the use of the Varsity, while
the gymnasium will be at the disposal of
the other players.
Neither Harrelson nor Downing, the ex-
Stanford veterans, has yet been ap
proached by any one with a request to
play this season. It is said, however, by
intimate friends of both that where Har
relson plays Downing will play, and there
also will Frandenheimer eventually be
found after the football fever develops.
It is believed now that the Reliance Club
has the better chance of getting these
men. Walton, captain-elect of tne Re
liance, has not yet accepted the position,
but. it is almost a foregone conclusion that
he will do so, for he is now dependent
upon the aid of the Reliance Club au
thorities to get him employment.
Word comes from Seattle that "Sport"
Donnelly, the great Princeton endj)f '89
and '90, will soon leave Seattle for rSutte,
Mont., where he will probably captain the
Butte team this season. "Sport" Don
nelly is yet looked upon as one of the
phenomenal players known to gridiron
fame. In the days when he played with
"Snake" Ames and Johnny Poe it is said
that nothing could pass his end; that
Yale tried nineteen times and failed. He
is a big fellow, weighing 190 pounds, and
can play any position in the team. It was
he who practiced with such telling effect
the questionable trick of keeping one eye
on the umpire and throwing dirt in his
opponent's eyes, and also of smashing a
man, then instantly assuming an inno
cent attitude and yelling to the umpire in
KEW TO-DAY.
L Cheapest, Because the Best J
I GAU.BORDEN <•
§ EAGLE BRAND I
£ CONDENSED MILK 5
J\ Rend for that little book, "Infant /T"
w Health;" great value to mothers. Sent w
A free. . . X
¥ r C ' N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. . 5
\ 71 Hudson Street, ICew York C
<^ fKSFA '^c o
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
sense* of young, middle-
aged and old men which weaKen
tie body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
form?, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience. *
Heart, Drain, Nerves and
Blood. If you have a dizziness of th«
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritably, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
j spondent nnd feel an aversion to society,
I you are suffering from a serious disease of
I the nerve*, brain, heart and blood. You
mvemi'fn to lose - Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of omen scientifically treated and
invarianiv cured.
, THE POOR of this city who call at his
omce on Friday, afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
Yon can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German. French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent freo on ap-
plication. ... Address
or. r. l. sweany, as.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER
Expert Cycle Repairing .
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS.
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F. : ''-'■-. 1
SR OPIUM
to b in S P »\? ff™"? 1 extract from the native drug. Con-
Without «ta n« ' aluab c medicinal properties of Opiumtime to have that official catch the other
man in the very act of slugging.
Kennedy fullback of the Stanford team
during 92, 93 and '94. will try this season
for halfback on the Harvard team, his one i
year of post-graduate work in that univer- j
sity mak.ng him eligible as a candidate. j
GuyCocnran Jack and Harry Reynolds
and l A Spalding, tue well-known Stanford
football players, will enter Columbia Col
lege this fall for postgraduate work and
may be heard from in a football way.
Inis afternoon the Presidio football
team will play the Alcatraz eleven for the
military championship. The -match will
take place on the Presidio athletic
grounds and game will be called at half
past 2 o clock. Following are the respec
tive make-ups:
_ . , ■ ALCATRAZ.
Captain— Riley.
ick Or Kral2n ' Klnzie > Farr^t Broder-
Fullbacks— Han lev.
Pregin.
Linemen— Walker, McCormick.
PRESIDIO.
Captain— -V.:'. '
j^orwards-J. T ° bin ' Kelly, Walker. Mc -
Halfbacts— Reardon, Hustin, Wilkes.
Fullbacks— McCaffery, W. J. Tobin,
Sinnott.
•• —
Handba'l Games
The handball games that will take place
to-morrow at the San Francisco Handball
Court on Howard street are: ■ ' ■• .-■ •
t L. Kenny an-I W. Jacobs.vs. R. Murphy arid
J. Collins; D. Connelly and J. Siattery "vs. J
McEvely and G.Dahl: G. McDonald mid W.
Manning vs. Dan Ro<Uers and p. Ryan: P
Hutchinsoii and P.Kelly, vs. C. Sullivan and
U. Hutchinson; J. Riordon (coast champion)
and J. c. Kealon vs. T. F. Bonnet and P. Don
nelly.
At the Union Court: T. E. Willev and
J. Turner will play J. Borneil and J. Tan
ner. J. Brady and C. Carson will play J.
Lyons and 11. Murphy. Billy Gallagher
and Harry Finick will play Dick Mc-
Cradie and Dr. Callahan. The event of
the day will be between J. J. Feeney and
Terry McMaaus and R. Lenihan and J.
kelson. — "-.
California Swimming Club.
• me California Swimming Club held a
very successful series of swimming con
tests at Sutro Baths last "Wednesday. The
following are the successful competitors:
One-hundred-yard swimming race, won by
lime 3 i-06^>°5 a: R' B " Corne:l a B° od tecond -
Seventy-five-yara race-Hasshagen first, Hin
kel second. Time, 0:47.
High and fancy diving, by Kahn and Milov.
Beconu: 5 ' Tilne a 0 e :i2. )ttO SCaUUe * I 6t ' Hinkel
Diving dog Jack, dove twice, distance 35 feet
and ob leet.
c Diving by the Ariels, Kings, Cornell and
Empy.
Boxing by Knhn and McKillop for the cham
pionship of C. S. C. Kahn won (three rounds)
Club-swinging by Professor Bellow.
Obstacle rice of 100 yards, won by Morris
Harrison second.
Mr. Kahn, high diver of the world, gave an
exhibition of his skill by aiving ninety feet
from the rafters.
T ."-•"•-■ - •— '■ ■
STOCKTON SPORTING.
Valuable Dogs That Will Be Seen at
the Terminal City Show.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 2.— The bench show
that its to be held here on the 23d, 24th, 25th
and 26th of this month by the San Joaquin
Valley Agricultural Association promises to be
a great success. Entries will close on the 15th
iust., but already enouga dogs have been
promised for exhibition to make the manage
ment sanguine of 6ucce6s. The bench show
committee is composed of James H. Budd, E.
L. Colnon, D. Winders, John E. Doan, John
Heflernan and D. J. Sinclair. The last named j
ere respectively secretary and clerk of the j
committee. As has already been published in
The Call, J. Otis Fellows of Hornellsville,
N. V., has accepted the offer made to him to
act as judge at the coming show. Silver med
als and diplomas have been offered to prize
winners, and to-day a number of promises of
special gold medals were received. Governor
Budd has offered a medal for the best kennel
exhibited. Harbor Commissioner Coinon for
the second best, J. D. Peters for the third best
President Ccbb of ihs Agricultural Association
one for the fourth best, and C. E. Do&n a sim
ilar medal for tne fifth best.
The bench show committee has also offered
one to the kennel securing sixtn place. Special
silver medals heve been offered by H. C. Shaw
of the plow works and by Mayor tfaizgs. That
offered by the first named is for tne best dog
exhibited by any woman in the county, and
that donated b? Beggs is lor the best entry
made by any of • the fair sex. George Sperry
has offered v special gold medal for the best
setter and Supervist-r James Brown for the
best pointer exnibued.
A number of the best handlers in the State
have wrjtten that they will surely be here
with large strings. L. L. Campbell. George
Allender, R. .(. Braum.J. J. Fish and Charles
Boyce, of San Fraucilco and Oakland, are
among these. Bruum has guaranteed to bring
thirty-five dogs, Campbell twenty-five and toe
rest about the same number as the last named.
Walters of Los Angeles will be on hand with a
number of entries.
Marshall K. Snell of Tucoma, president of
the Tacoma Kennel Club, has written that
both Tacoma and Seattle will be well repre
sented.
A. O. Meyer of Highland Park, Los Angeles,
will bring np a string. J. P. and A. A. Norman
v ill exhibit for the first time ou this coast a
kennel of mastiffs. T. H. Brown will show
Grand Master, Victor Watch and Harold of
Navarre, three fine St. Bernards. C. R. Harker
of San Jose will exhibit the famous Melrose,
dinner at the New York bench show. Dr.
Taylor has promised to geud his Rosy Savage
Taylor, and he will send his "erooin and vnlet"
a.ong to look after Koxy'a interests. J. L. Cun
mngnam of Lo». Angeles will exhibit his Great
Janes, and J. G. Barker will enter California
Bernardo, a. B. Truman will be on hand
with his Irish setters, including Lady Elcho
and Dick Swiveller. will Prather of Oak. and
will show a kennel of foxhounds, E. Miller
and Dr. Seliridge of the same place, cocker
(■piinieis, and H. H. Carlt«n of San Francisco a
kennel of cockers. Dr. Fred Devlin, J. B. Mar
tin and Joe McCiatchy will bring toe Mission
kennel of fox terriers.
From Stockton alone 100 does have now been
promised, a number considerably in excess of
that which was at first counted upon.
From the foregoing it wiii be Been that the
show is an assured success. The entire north
wing of tbe pavilion has been set aside for the
bench show on the days mentioned, and the
affair will prove a drawing card to the pavilion
exhibit at the fair. John Ceaig.
♦
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, Cai», Sept. 4.— The racing
contingent of the Capitol City Wheelmen are
training hard and working out well in prepa
ration for the Stockton meet, which lakes
place on the 9th of the present month.
Great interest Is being taken in the outcome
of the race between Bob Terrell and a fast
horse, which will take place at the park some
day next week, the State Agricultural Society
having hung up a special purse for the event.
Sportsmen who have been enjoying outings
in the mountains are returning to the city.
Dr. Shaw, who returned from a deer-hunting
trip, killed ten backs and brought home a
large amount of jerked venison. Doves are
more plentiful thau ever before known in this
section. Dr. Duel and Frank Newoert in a
two-hour shoot the other evening bagged
eighty-five birds. Steve Ely and W. Knauer
brought iii 100 between them yesterday and
W. Gerber and W. Earl made a good bag out on
the grant last evening; but the cracker jack
outing party for the season will leave the city
Saturday night in a four-horse rig, driven by
Stewart Upson. It will consist of Dr. Duel.
Fred Yoerk, W. Young &nd wife, G. Young and
wife, K. B. Adams, H. Chfckenman, F. New
bert and S. Upson. The party will take a
camping outfit and go thirty miles into the
country and camp, where dove p >tpies and
game stews are programmed. The ladies of
the party are ardeut disciples of Nimrod and
have scored good bags this summer while ac
companying their husbands in their outing
trips.
W. H. Eckhardt, who has been on the Kla
math for the last five weeks, has returned and
reports having had good fishing and plenty of
game. Leg Morrison, who has been camping
in the mountains of Trinity County, has also
arrived; he claims five deer, two rattlesnakes,
unnumbered trout and two unsuccessful i hots
at bear as the results of his trip. The Ecklon
brothers of FoUorn have been in the moun
tains of El Dorado County for some time past,
and state that the fishing is not as good as in
past years. Governor Budd, who has returned
from" trie same locality,' clnims to have had
good fishing in StrawDerry Valley and the sur
rounding lakes. Stewart Upson and W. Mat
lock of Oregon, made a flying trip to Cascade
yesterday and whipped the Yuba, an evening's
fishing, netting fiity-tive trout. Mr. Matlock
is very enthusiastic over his outing trip
among the California, game and fish, and
promises to reciprocate, if a party of San Fran
cisco and ■ Sacramento sportsmen will visit
him by ' conveying them to the haunts of
the . pheasant. The . young ducks are re
ported aa being very plentiful in the sur
rounding sloughs this year, and Game Warden
Helms id having bis hands lull protecting
them from the attacks of the Portuguese and
Italian vandals who make no pretense of com
plying with the provisions of the game law in
this locality. Down on Bable Slough in Yo!o
County it is reported ttiat the young birds are
being killed by the hundreds by these pot
shooters, and there is a strong desire ex
pressed by all sportsmen that Yolo County
appoint a game warden. Rutherford.
• ■
Visalia Sporting News.
visalia; Cai., Bept. 2, 189«.
Editor of The Call: Our warm, sunny weather
has knocked out ail of our sports, with the ex
ception of the gun club, and its members
never miss a practice shoot. They are showing
good scores, and the new members are striving
hard to gat records. Visalia's Swimming Club
has been a decided success from the "go," and
the Katatoiium is crowded nightly. The
ladies' afternoon (Monday) and ladies' night
(Thursday) are the best attended. Every at
tention and care lor their welfare is thought of.
v isalia's sportsman's Club has for i s guests
two well-known New -Yorkers— William C.
Harris, editor of the New York Angler, and
John L. Petrie, the artist of the Angler staff.
Both gentlemen arrived here Tuesday even
ing and left Wednesday morning for Mineral
King', under the charge of John Broder, one of
the best mountaineers in the club. From Min
eral King they will proceed to Mount Whitney
Creek end' catch, eat, study and sketch our
famous golden trout.
At present' the Visalia Athletic Club-rooms
arc not very well attended, owing ,to so many
absentees in the mountains or at the seashore.
Several of the- members are agitating an ath
letic park, and with so many different clubs
here it is a wonder that Visalia could do with
out a first-class recreation grounds.
Our juvenile club is practicing hard to at
least win another game tiiat will entitle it to
play an Examiner nine in San Francisco. It
sends greeting to Tee Call's nine.
Cajbeoll.
m
Portland Sporting News.
PORTLAND, Ok., Sept. 4.— The scrappers and
rollers were started over Irvington track yes
terdny preparing for the big five days' meet to
i next week, September 8 to 12, inclu
sive, u:ider the auspices of the Portland Jockey
Club. Every attention is being devoted to the
track-, which i.i to be made faster than ever be
fore, and, as a fast lot of horses are on their
way here, some Oregon records are expected to
be broken next week. Seventy-five bones ar
rived from Montana this morning, including
some of the fastest animals that have been fol
lowing the Montana circuit, and tiiey are now
quartered at the track.
Running horses are arriving dally, and by
Saturday there will be 150 here to attend the
meeting", and not less than seventy-five trot
ters and pacers. Of the latter Oregon will have
a larger representation than at any previous
race meeting given ai Portland.
SAN JOSE CYCLE RACES.
Entries and .Handicaps for the Garden
City Meet on Admission Day.
Official Handicapper Smyth of the
League of American Wheelmen has haudi
capped trie various events to be run next
Wednesday, September 9. at the meet to
be held in San Jose under the auspices of
the Garden City Cyclers, and the result of
his wort and the entrants in toe different
events are as follows:
One mile, novice— L. D. Downing, TJn. ; Rod
Taylor, Menlo; Howard Buffington, Un.; J. C.
Crooks, B. C. W. ; W. W. liotchkiss, I. C. C;
Fred Cortage, Al Johnson. Un.; H. B.Williams,
C. C. C. ; W. S. Bacnn, O. C; C. F. Orra, O. Y.
M. C. A.; Robert Shearman, G. C. C.J F. E.
Hebard, tn.; George Westphal, Acme; A. T.
Smith, Acme; Dan Murphy, Un. ; J. J. Culp,
Un.; D.E.Francis, E. K. Williums. R. A. C;
W. F. Hawley. G. (.'. C; C. E. Lame. C. C. C; J.
Ferro, C. C. C; C. L. Westlake, Uo.; James
Van Dyne, E. H. Ward, T. W.; Joseph Silvn, C.
C. C; Ray Hogg, Un.; Arthur Baxter, Un.;
Charles Pimental, un.
One-tbird mile professional — Allan
N. Jones, C. L. Davis, Olympics; H. F. Terrill,
Bay City; R. Cushlng, H". Dowuinjr, Garden
City; P. Metcalfe, Imperial; J. E. Willoughby,
Pajaro; R. E. Dow, 0. C; P. J. Cory, un. Run
in two heats, first ana eecoud in each to
qualify.
One-mile scratch, amateur— J. J. Borree,
R. a. C. ; S. B. Vincent. B. C. \V. ; Charles Kraft,
B. C. W. : H. W. Squires, Acme ;T. A. Schleuter,
Acme; J. E. Wing, O. C. W.j J. H. Otey, Acme;
F. C. Lawton, Denver; Ben Noonan, & R. W.;
J. C. Williamson. B. C. W. : J. R. Kennt, Acme;
J. A. Code, 0. C. W.; M. F. Rose, Acme; C. J.
Birdsall, G. c. C ; Phil Rosenheim, R.
A. C; C. D. Gooch, R. A. C. ; George
W. Tantau, O. C. W. ; C. M. Smith, O. C;
W. F. Hauley, O. C. C.;R. Moody, O. C. C. ;
K. Hogg, un. ; George I. Thorue. A. C. ; A. Bax
ter, un. ; B. C. Raynaud, B. C. W.! Fred Cor
tage, Acme; 0. H. Staples, Acme; Al Johnson,
un.; W. B. B^ton. O. C; C. F. Orra, O. Y. M. C.
A.; E. vy. Decker, Acme; A. S. McDougull,
Acme; W. H. Hammonds, un.; R. Shearman,
G. C. C; A. T. Smitti, Acme; T. B. Hall, B. C.
W.j P. A. Deacon, R. A. C. ; C. D. Bates Jr., R.
A, C. ; Dun Murphy, un. ; J. J. Culp, un.
Two-thirds mile, handicap, amateur: First
heat— J. R. K«nna, scratch; C. M. Smith, 25
yards; P. A. Deacon, 30; J. H. Otey, 50; E. R.
Williams, 75; J. C. Crooks, 85; W. H. Ham
monds. 90; C. L. Westlake, 110.
Second heat— J. E. Wing, scratch; E. W.
Decker, 25 yards; J. C. Williamson, 30; R.
Moody, 40; A. & McDougall, 50; Al Johnson,
70; J. A. < ode, 75; Ira Goodrich, 80; D. E.
Francis, 90; Joseph Silva, 100.
Third heat— George W. Tantau, scratch ; H.
W. Squires, 10; Ben Xoonan, 25; Dan Murphy,
40; B. C. Raynaud, 50; L. D. Downine, t>s; P.
Rosenheim, 70; W. W. Hoichkiss, 85; W. a
Bacon, 90; J. U. Culp, 105.
Fourth heat— S. B. Vincent, 20 yards; CD.
Gooch, 35; T. A.Schleuter, 50; H. Carter, 70;
A. T. Smith, 70; C. J. Birdsall, 75; J. Van
Dyne, 75; Fred Cortage, 80; Charles Pimen
tal, 90; C. E. Taylor, 100.
Filth heat— C. D. Bates Jr.. 30 yards; Charles
Kraft, 40; C. H. Staples, 65; R. Hogg, 75; F.
Crancrainio, 80; F. E. Hebard, 80; R. Shear
man, 90; C F. Orra, 100; C. E. Lane, 100; E.
H. Ward, 110.
Sixth heat— T.S. Hall, 30; M.F.Rose, 40; F.C.
Lawton, 45; J. J. Borree, 65; J. Coughlan, 70;
P. M. Curtis. 75; W. F. Hawley, 80; G. West
phal, 85; George P. Thorne, 95; A. Baiter,
100.
One-mile handicap, orofessional— A. K.Jones,
0. C. W.. 10 yards; ri. F. Terrill, B. C. W., 20
yards; Russell Cu*hing, G. C. C. 85 yards; C.
L. Davis, 0. C. W, 20 yards; R. E. Dow, O. C,
40 yards; H. Downing, G. C. C, 55 yards; J. E.
Willoughby, P. V. W., !)5 yards; P. Metcalie,
1. C. C, 110 yards; F. J. Cory, un., 125 yards.
All ruu in one heat.
•—• — « — •
DEVOTO IS EXONERATED
An Affidavit Filed in Justice of the
Peace Cook's Court Falls to
the Ground.
Attorney James A. Devoto, who was ac
cused on an affidavit fifed in Justice
Cook's court by Attorney E. Bianchi of
having perjured himself by swearing that
tie was the owner of certain real estate in
Stockton that did not really belong to
him, was exonerated by the Justice from
all blame in the matter.
Devoto stated to the court that he owned
two lota of the value of $250 each when
going on a bond on appeal for a client
whose interests he was defending.
It came to the knowledge of the other
side that be held merely an agreement to
sell from the original owner of the lots,
and the accusation, which came from
Biancbi's client, resulted.
When the case came up yesterday on
a motion to set aside the bond the matter
was sifted to the bottom, with : the result
mentioned, the Justice rendering a written
opinion, in which he stated that the affi
davit was unnecessary and uncalled for,
and not in accordance with the facts. J.
The motion to set aside the bond was
denied, the attorney, being deemed a suffi
cient surety for twenty times the amount
in question.
■ •—• — * —
WILL DARE THE CHUTES.
Antonio Pirri Will To-Night ; Venture
the Slide on a Bike.
Antonio Pirri, who hails from Milan,
turned up at the chutes yesterday and filed
the twenty-sixth application to ride down
the long slide into the water on a bicycle.
Since Conn . Fredericks, the "demon
cyclist," performed the feat boys and even
women have expressed themselves as
being confident and wiliing to perform
the feat, but the management . would
never consent.' Mr. Pirn, however, pro
duced credentials from the proprietor of
the chutes in Milan stating that he was
all right in the coasting line, so he was
given a trial. He landed in the lake and
swain ashore without losing a breath, and
was immediately engaged. .
He will give his first public performance
to-night at 10 o'clock. .» ■
.. — ■' ■" — • — -
Rait for Life ItiHurance.
Lillfe Rife has sued the Union Central Life I
Insurance Company for $5000, alleged. to be
due ou a policy. on the life of her deceased I
uusbaod, George W. Rile. : •-. . |
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1596.
CHINESE DENS
FULL TO THE AX
Work of Speedy Demolition
Begun by the Health
Board.
SUIT WILL BE BROUGHT
Two of the Most Loathsome
Structures Razed to the
Earth.
TWO FIREMEN SLIGHTLY HURT
Some Very Exciting Scenes Witnessed.
Four Writs of Injunction
Issued.
Bang! It was the sound of an ax strik
ing a rafter.
Rattle! It was the noise made by the
supports failing upon one another.
Smash ! The corner of a building came
down in a cloud of dust and debris.
The health authorities had made their
Scene at the Work of Demolishing; the Den of Filth at 832 Jackson Street Yesterday. .Big Officer
Tannian Surveys the Scene With Satisfaction. The Smaller Picture Shows the Remains
of the ußag-Pickers'u ßag-Pickers' Paradise " at 6J7 and 6 J9 Jackson Street.
long-threatened attack on the dens and
rookeries of Chinatown. Through it all
foul odors ascended to heaven, and the
luckless Celestials scurried to and fro,
chattering like monkeys and bewailing
their sad fate.
At 10:30 a. m. yesterday the Board of
Health held a Hpecial meeting at the new
City Hail, and the members decided tiiat
they nad best redeem their pledges to tear
dowu those Chinese dens heretofore con
demned as the breeding- places of microbes
and disease germs. A resolution waa
adopted about two weeks aeo condemning
many of these loathsome places and noti
fying tbe owners that they would be de
molished if their sanitary condition was
not improved.
The owners were given ten days in
which to execute the orders of the board.
The time expired without anything being
done and yesterday the board adopted the
lollowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Health Officer of San
Francisco is hereby directed forthwith to re
move and abate all nuisances which have here
tofore been declared kuch by this board aud of
which legal notice has been properly served
according to law, and the time to abate earne
by owner his expired.
On motion of Dr. Fitzjiibbon O. J Nul
ter. T. Thompson, Fred Wolff, L. L. Nott,
T. Kelly, J. Marshall, E. de Bernard and
William Tait were appointed Health In
spectors to assist in the work of destruc
tion. All these men are tiremen.
At the adjournment of the meeting
Health Officer Lovelace hurried the men
off to tbe engine-house, where they were
sworn in. Alter the performance of this
ceremony the party adjourned to China
town and the fun began.
The first place where the keen-edged ax
got a chance to shine was on a foul-smell
ing two-story woo len structure in the
rear of 617 and 619 Jacks' n street, imme
diately above Kearny. The owner of the
apology for a building was L. Giessinger.
The executive squad cons'sted of Drs!
Morse, Williams, Hart and Fitznibbon of
the board ; Health Officer Lovelace. S c
re'ary Godcbaux, Attorney Reinstein
Miik'lnspector Dockery, Market Inspector
Davis, PJurabiug Inspector Suilivan and
six other inspectors, brought into requi
sition for the occasion.
In the region of the condemned build
ing used to be the old Chinese water
works, in which Chinese engineers were
exclusively employed. Near Dy had been
two opium dens.
On the west side of the building stood a
brick structure about four feet wide, which
extended back about sixty or seventy feet, I
known as the "Ragpickers' Paradise." It
used to be a favorite visiting place fur '
Chinatown tourists, one of whom on ac- !
count of its odor gave the place tbe name
of Cologne alley, which it ha« lately borne.
All that remains of it now is an unsightly
pile of bricks on tne sidewalk.
It was only a brief period after the fire
men went to work wuli their hooks and
axes till the place presented the appear
ance of a cyclonic disturbance. Tbe
stench that arose wan something fearful.
The wood was . so decayed that the
slightest blow would break a scantling,
which as well as the floor was covered
with dust and filih to a uept.h of several
inches.
The antiquated furniture the place con
tained was removed to the street. Much
oi it fell to pieces in process of removal.
The lumber was stacked in heaps and
formed a place ot refuge for the rodents
that ran squealing about. Many of these
were killed by two sioall rat-terriers, who
got more enjoyment out of the scene than
the übiquitous urcliin. The latter, in fact,
were made by the police to view the work
from a distance.
Milk Inspector Dockery worked like a
Trojan and did fully two men's work. As
a demolisher of buildings he is an expert,
as in holding Up the apprehensive milk
men with the large Colt's revolver which
showed in his hip pocket when his coat
was Dhed.
Lieutenant Birdjall was present with a
squad of live oiiicers, and though large
crowds collected tind several exciting in
cidents were enacted, the streets were
kept cleared and order maintained most
effectively. Whenever a gang of men was
hard to move, Patrolman Martin Tanian,
the good-natuied giant of the squad, was
brought to tbe fore. When he put his
shoulder to the wheel and moved, the
group of sightseers "stood not upon the
order o* going, but went at one«."
During the work Leonard Nott, one of
the firemen, was struck over the right eye
with a beam and sustained a ragged cat,
but kept on working. When the place
"was no more" the men emerged, mo3t of
them so covered with grime and soot that
they resembled agents oi Mephistopheles
— all except Dockery. He was entitled io
be termed Mephistopheles himself.
Bfin Davis was the next to the last to
Jeave the ruins, and narrowly escaped be
ing buried beneath the sole remaining
wull, which toppled with one blow from
the Milk Inspector's ax. Dr. Lovelace
was instructed by Attorney Reinstein to
arrest the owner (Giessinger).
As the party left the ruins a large crowd
followed, eager to see which place would
suffer annihilation next. It happened to
be tbe property of Mrs. if. Sctiuppert, a
widow, and wa« located at 832 Jackson
street, between Stockton and Dupont. The
building was of one story and extended
back seventy-five feet, the roof being cov
ered with tin over laths.
The house was divided into three sec
tions. In front was a cigar factory, in the
middle a dwelling-place and in the rear a
tannery. There were forty different odors
arising from that tannery, and each jeal
ously struggled for supreme attention.
The Chinamen were informed by
Health Officer Lovelace that they mu^t
decamp, but they refused to go, saying
that Mrs. Schuppert's son, A. L. Schup
pert, had advised them not to leave. Then
the police were called upon aud the job of
remov ng the furniture oegari.
Old leather, broken furniture, cooking
utensils, tobacco boxes and sewing- ma
chines were taken out and dumperi into
the street, where the neighbors kindly
took charge of them. When the occupants
saw that the police were in earnest tliey
rushed wildly about and piled many arti
cles in the tanyard in tbe rear. From
there they were expressed to various
places.
Then the fun began. It lasted till 5
o'clock, and all the time th? men worked
like ants. Ruins were piled up in three
places. Leonard Nott was struck on tbe
left breast by a falling beam and suffered
so severe a contusion that he was obliged
to auit work.
Mrs. Schuppert came to the scene in
time to see the roofs falling and bitterly
complained to the police. They could
offer her no consolation, and when she at
tempted to enter the ruins, with scantlings
rattling on all sides, to complain to the
Health Officer they were obliged to re
strain her.
A. L. Schuppert, the widow's son, hung
suilenly about while the building was be
ing razed, but wouid Bay nothing beyond
the tact that the law firm of O'Donnell
& Jones had been retained by hi 9 motner
and* suit would be brought. Late in the
afternoon a Chinese womar cornered him
and gave him a severe tongue lashing.
She complained that he had advised her
not to leave a day before the incident, but
had taken precaution to collect rent for
tne coming month and she wauted her
money back. She fniied to get it.
All the Chinese tenants are in a deplor
able condition. They were advised not to
| vacate the building, and now are in the
| street with such of their belongings as the
neighbors have not already grabbed. In
j the graphic language of a policeman
i '"When the fence was torn duwvn they
came pouring out like 10,030 rats."
Darkness settled over Chinatowa at
length, leaving the sad-eyeil citizens of the
Flowery Kingdom standing about con
templating tha ruins. Tneir hearts were
broken.
Whether the work of demolition will
continue to-day or not depends upon in
junctions. Four were issued y sterday
afternoon. They were obtained through
Attorneys Frank Sullivan and Philip G.
Gaipin.
A writ of injunction was issued to Quong
Hing Tie of 1021 Dupont street, to Fow
Yuen of 101'J Stockton, to He Tai Wo of
1015 Dupont and to Mon Yick of 1017
Dunont. The first two are merchants.
All state that they have suffered grievous
damage to their business through the
posters placed upon their places of busi
ness marking them as condemned.
A PUBLISHER INDICTED.
Is Charged With Sending Inde
cent Matter Through the
Mails.
Circulates a Paper at San Jose Called
"Hot Stuff"— Other Secret
ladictments.
An indictment which was ordered placed
on the secret file was returned by the
United States Grand Jury yesterday
against Robert T. Porter of San Joae.
The charge is sending indecent matter
through the mails, and as soon as he is
arrested he will be held to answer on two
bucli counts.
It appears that Porter is editor ana pub
lisher of a paper in San Jose bearing the
suggestive name of "Hot Stuff." From
the evidence presented to the Grand Jury
it would seem that the sheet is every ching
its name might suggest.
Porter, it seems, has been running a
"red-hot" pa ; er in San Jose. He has
been charged with writing a lot of per
sonal matter about well-known people
and then throwing in a lew lives of in
decent nciion.
Some weeks ago the matter was brought
to the attention of Insp«ctor in Charge
Munro, who at once detailed Inspector
lrwin on the case. The result of that
gentleman's labors is seen in the secret
indictment on two counts returned by the
United States Grand Jury yesterday.
Secret indictments were also returned
against Louie Quontt, Williams' estwhile
friend, and Bdwsrd Mason. The first
named is charged with perjury and the
latter with using the mails ior fraudulent
purposes.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 4.— Joshua J.
Porter, the editor and proprietor of a
weekly paper published here called Hot
Stuff, is a young man who bas been a resi
dent of this city for many years, and he
has done much work here as a daily news
paper reporter. Last year he was em
NEW TO-DAY.
;. v Sill*©
Consumption
■^^^■^ • and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1596.
To Editor Call: — 1 have an absoiute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lun? Diseases, Catarrhal Affec
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
beneiited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoifice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. Slocum, M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.
We pnblish the Doctor's Mter in lull for the benefit of
our readers. There v.ill be no mistake in sending— tha
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offtr— Ed.
4&IRNYSC
IS TnE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and Jit them to Spectacles and Kye-
Mla^ses wtlh instruments of his own invention.
whOju superiority has not been equaled.. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of u.y work. ■ ,
Office Hours— l'J to 4 p."ic-.v. : : . . ...
mfm DH r HALL'S REIJVIGORATOR
l^?* l^^ TUrs SECRET REMEDY stops
S3 fcii= all losses in 24 hours. Restores
a Manhood, ; Enlarges - Small . Organs,
THTS SECRET BBKKOY stop*
all losses in 24 hours. Restores
Manhood, Knlarg-s Small Organs,
ST3 r!T* cures Emissions, lin potency,' Varico-
fe-Q cele, <Jonorrbcea, Gieet, Fits. Stric-
•jL Yjl tun>s, hlooJ DUease and all wa,stin;
■■SSI effects of -elf Abuse or Exce^ies.
■?qgfc^*y?gj Sent seaieil, $2 per bottle, TlIHiiK
BOTTLES, *5: ■ guaranteed ' to core any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL IXSTITUIE,
'.' -'865 Broadway, Oakland; ('al. - - v ; .
All private diseases, quickly cured. Send for
free book.
ployed for some months on the Cbico
Chronicle-Record as a reporter. ; Two
months ago he began the publication here
of a small weekly sheet called Hit Stuff.
It was a four-page paper, printed on bright
red paper. As the name indicated, the
contents were very spicy, in fact, much of j
the matter being broad* in its references.
There also appeared in the paper hits at
various persons around town.
. Two weeks ago Porter was arrested on a
charge of distributing obscene literature,
lie-had published an article charging a \ .
woman named Mrs. Rosalie, who attended j
a iruitstand, with committing a vile crime. I
Her husband swore to the complaint and
the prosecution of the case is still pending.
The trial is set for September 14. The
street sales of Hot Stuff were quite large.
Its publication was not suspended after
Porter's arrest for distributing obscene lit
erature. He secured his release on his own
recognizance pending his trial.
» • » m — '. ■
Collins Charged With Murder.
Coroner Hawkins held four inquests yester-
NEW TO-DAY
I MAKES ij d^ 8
I PEOPLE fm SANDEN'S M
1 STRONG." 11l ELEOTBIC M
p tiirii ™™ imram^ V^eak Men! 1
I»S fIiHE WKAKXESS, OR LOSS OP" MAJfI.I ftj^
._ B5 rTtHE WEAKNESS, OR LOSS OF MANIiX
S3 £f i^\* ' n>A vigor In men is a subject worthy of deep con- |5c
is 2 Is. 7 1 1 Tr*tf^ i^ Btderatlon. The knowledge that you are not equal leSr
JLa-JL \j ?&/ to tie aeß3an<^ s °' nature in yoor vital powers — i/^V ;
Si . yx-i; that yocr physical manhood is waning a tnowl- E\f-
lop I I 1! _ D&i ed a that should urge you to prompt action; it +Sl
fSt Bi A Tb^ i/§ snoold force yon to adopt the only scientific means Jy~
53 J*» . Jfc Br^) cf recovering your strength — manhood. RvZ *
l 3 —p.—, £§> This means is throozn tiie daily application of gT>
:^- mm* Erfci Dr. Wanden's Electric Belt, with free suspensory. WS~
WBJ «L l D^S It infuses the natural basis of all animal life Ck3
58 •*■■• ***"' |f§ Electricity — into your impoverished nerves, and Ec
S>s Wjb In a few mouths restores complete manhood. ", Bf=2 :
io mfy. Dr. Sanden's celebrated boos, "Three Classes of IMS
Ml? X '** V BrS Men," should be In the hands of every man who Hs9
in . Bur is no. perfect In manhood. It gives reasons for hC
Pi - l^i^Vj^a? » n?& your weakness, and explains to you a quicK and fig!
© V»iS"^Htl5 — X nS positive cure. It Is free. Send for ie lEe
50 teJ^e^T££> SAXDEN ELECTRIC CO., Xx"
1^ Sa Market street, opposite Palace Hotel, San *8
KTJ . \_Hri kS Francisco, Cal. Office hours, Ba.m.to 6; evenings, ffiry
: i^H 7toB P. m.; Sunday, 10 to 1. Los Angeles office, §R§!
iS JJii'Ui m JJLWBW_-UM.HIwK^ ■ South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- Km,
RAILROAD TRAVEL. / . ; '
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co 's Ferry Landing, foot Of
Market >t:, at 8:00 p. tc - .■ .
On*"Pllll ) 01 A lnclndinir Berth,
Or CU I AL { ■ V> I U ■_ ■ Tourist Sleeper.
" na-rrrt ) *« n first-class, Including
RATES ' $19 ■ 1
lor fur her information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), 8. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. ■ Gen. Pass. Agt.
SMFR4MSCO & KORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbaron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 9:00, 1100 A.M.: 12:SJL '
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m Tbursdays-Ertrmtrlß
at 11 :30 p. *■ SatardayB Exu » tries at l! *« '
•nd 11:30 p. if. 11:00 a. X.; 1:30, B:Sa
BDNDAYS-T:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a. x.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 A it,
BDNDAYS-7:35, B^' 11:10 A. X.; 1:4 3:4 *
6 :00, 6 :25 p. v. \ . .
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park mm
■chedqle as above. —— w
Bam Franclsca £«*« 1 San Francisca
Wekk; I Sox- i^f^-L-, " "Sd-sj- . Wm".
Days. [ days. -"^stinatioa^ PAYa . [ DAYa _
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petalnma, 6:05 pm 10:10 iK i
6 :10 fit ; 6 :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru\ B-.15 r*
- i Fulton, "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
IT I (is burs,
IGeyservUle,
8:30 pk 7:30 am [ Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:18
Heta, ~~
7:30 am Hopland & ~ 10:10 am
8:30 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 Tit 6:15 r*
7:80 am ~ - . ■-. ' 10:10 am
7 :30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 ra '
3:80 pm ■ . ■ ■ 6:15 pm
7 :80 am [7 -.30 am I Sonoma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
and .
6:10 PM 5:00 pm{ Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:15 rM
7:80 am! 7:3o am | seba-tooo, 110:40 am, 10:10 AM
B:3Opm|s:oOpm[ aeoa « to PO'» 1 6:05 Pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at I Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; ac GeyservUle for Skaares Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyvllle, Soda Bay and i^akeport; at i
Hopland for Lfekeport and Bartiatt Springs: at j
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blaa j
Xiakea, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late, Porno, Fetter '
Valley, John Day's, .Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
neU'a, Sanhedrin. eights. Hallville, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstport, TJsal, Will eta, Cahto, C©> [
veto. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced .
late*. ..-.,,.■. . • .'. ' , • -■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*-
jend San Rafael at half rates. ; .
• Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building
H.C. WHITINa. RYAN,
yea. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. -
Atlantic <flhj££}
P^rifir JbS&S!k
Trains leave and arriva m | ; »aS^s^^^«
Market-Street Ferry. IHttggy^t
SASTA FE EXPRESS. S^SIW
To Chicago via A. & P • €Sgjj«^?g\J
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., 'carols i oilman !
Palace Drawing-room Sleei.trs, also Modern d. •
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with cl*>an linen
•■d bedding and in charge or a porter, run dally '
throuuh to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex car'i
for Denver and St. Louis. ■ ■.
Persona ly condocted Boston Excursions via ;
F-b*um Ci'.y,- Chicago, Montreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday. -
Ihe best railway 'from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Ofilce— 644 Market Street, '
. Chronicle itaildlnjE*
Telephone Mala. 1631.
HILL VALLEY IXD MOOT TAHALPAIS !
SGESIU; RAILWAY.
ON AXD AFTER THURSDAY, AUGUST 27,
train will connect with North Pacific Coast
Km :l road as follows: Week Days leave San Fran- '
cisco 11:45 A. M. ; ' returning arrive in n Fran- |
Cisco 6:3J p. M.. Sunday: Loave San Francisco 9
a. M. and 1 :30 p. m. : returning arrive in San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Tickets can be secured j
in advance of .-,.-;....
TiiOS. COOK & SO.V, eai Market aw '
day, verdicts of suicide being returned in the
cases of Grace Lowery, August Gir.ird and
Robert Carey. In the case o: Mrs. Margaret
Crowley, however, a Verdict ot murder was
rendered, and John Col. ins was charged with
the crime. The story as to iiow this lady came
to her death has been published repeatedly
On the night of August 22 Collins calied'at
her home and without provocation beat her
severely, from the effects of which she di»d
nine days later. The three children of the de
ceased testified that Collins requested Mrs.
Crowley to go ior bee:, aud on that lady refus
ing, bent her sever-ly aDout the heud aud
stomach. Collins is vow in the City Prison,
charged with murder.
r<» Epinove a:» Administratrix
William Brannan, one of the legatees of
Thomas J. Brannan, has petitioned the Pro-
Date Court f>r the removal of Mrs. Johanna
Manseau. administratrix of tne estate. It is
alleged that she has wasted and mismanaged
the funds of the estate.
The Si»ring Estate.
John R. Spring has been appointed executor
of the will of Francis S. Spring, who left an
estate valued at 5350.000.
.^^. . RAILROAD TRAVEL 2
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SXSTKJI.)
Train* leave nu<3 are <lne to arrive at
•N ■ SAN I'KAXC'IM'O.
tEAVB — FnoM September 3, 1396. — ARRIVI
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . 9:45 a
. 7:«>Oa Atlantic Express. Og'lcn and Km*.. 8:13p
• 7:00 a. Benicia. VacajiUe, Kurc3?y. Sacra-
taecto, OrovUld and Redding via
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia-
toga and Santa Rosa.... 6:15p
8:30 a Nilos, .San Jose, Stockton. lone,
; Sacramento, iJarysvilie and lied
■ 81uff..... 4ti.ip
•«:30.\ Peters and Milton «T:l3p
9:OOa Los Angslea Express. Fresno, Santa
■ •■ •■■ : Barbara and I.oh Augeles 4:45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11 : lo a
9:0Oa Vallejo 6:15p
• l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livermore 8:45 a
•I:OOp Sacramento River Bteunen "J:OOp
:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:45p
4: OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calitstoga, El Verano and
Sautaßosa 9:15 a
4:«0p Benicia, Vacaville, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing, Marya-
: . yillc, Orovillo and .Sacramento.... 10:43 a
4:30p Nile 3, San Jose, livermora and
Stockton 7:15p
■ 4 :30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
_ Yosemito) and Fresco 11:45 a
p 5:80p New Orieans Lresno.Bakcrs-
liekl, Santa IJuljara, J.<>s Angeles,
Semine, El Paao, New Orleans and
• East ..,., 10:13 a
5:00p Santa I'o Route, Atlautic Express
forMojave and Ea5t...;..., 1O:13a
s:OopVallejo 11:45 a
fi:O«i- European Mail, Ogdcii and Kast.... O:I."»a
C:(H>i- llaywanlH, Niks mid. Man Joao. 7i45a
}7:«0r- Vallejo ......-....:. |7:43p
7:OOi> Orecon Express, Sacramento, Jlarya-
ville, Redding, ■ roitiaml, I'liyct
jjoiuiilaiiq East 10:4I^A
SAM'A mm IUVIsIQN (Harrow tiaagej.
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, .^anta Cruz
and Frincfpil Way Stations JS:O3p
8:15 a Nowark.Centcrvillo.fiaii.iose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30p
*3il3r Hewoxk, CenterTille, San Jose, Haw
Alniailen, Felton, llonkler Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations... f ll:2O*
4 : 1 3 v Newark. Han .lokh acd l.oa (!atoa.. .. »:.lO\.
(OAST VISION (Thin) A Touiisrml Nts.)
*O:-43a Hau Joso ami Way BtaUona (New
Almodcii Wednesdays only) U:47a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa- Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JB:S3»
8:I5a Ran Jusu, Trea PfIMM, .Santa Cruz,
I'acilic Grove, 1 Pa3o lloblcs, .San
Jiiiis (>''i&iio, Guadalnpa and Prin-
cipal Way Kin loua 7:05p
J9:47a Palo Alto acd Way Stations +1 ::{Op
IO:3Oa tiau Jose iind W;iy Stations .V.OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Statiovra 3: 30p
•••4:l»t»r San Maten, Menlo Park, Kau Jose,
QBIOJ, Tres Vinos, .Santa Cruz,
Salinas,MoateieyamlPacilicGrove *10:40 a
•3:HOp San Joso, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *l:30p
, *4:30p San Jose and Way Stations *fi:«OA
• 5:30 l- Baa Jose awl Principal Way Stations »8:48 a
<S:3Op San Joao and Way Station* «:«3.v
tllt-jgr San Jose an.l Way Stations.. <~:-i-"»p
. SAX iiKANuKO AM* H.VVWAKDS LOi:Ah.
<»6:C0a"). ( 7:15 a
8:00 a r»:ISA
U:00a Melrose, Seminary Park, 10:45 a.
lO.ooa Melroso, Semlnarr Park, n : j.-, A
"a-Sop San Leandro »?$£
!J:OOp and , 4:45p
4:00p > An(i , 5:43p
■ gSS? Hazards. £. : '3'
s:^Op ' <:4.>p
7:«Cp S:4"Jp
y!;;0p * Kuns thron to Nlles. 10:30p*
rtlUapJ tFromKilea. I m2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAB mSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 ,9:00 ll:00.\.M. $1:03 *2:30 J3:CO
•4:00 \ tJ:CO •6:0.M.
From OiSUSB— of Broadway. — "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $12:00 ' *I:C0 t2:00 *3:03 ti:o9
< 5:00r.M. .- •
A or Morn i P or Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. . t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
■+ 1 Monday. Thin 1 p-vil R-i»vr^»v nfehts only.
IVORTH riCIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. . (Via Snusalito Ferry). '
•From San I'ranclsco, i o>mu- n:-lug j ove 15, • 1833.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill \ alley and San Kafael — 7:00, *B^oo
*9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. m.; *1;15, 3:20. 4:15,
5:15, * . :OU, :35 r. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wadnear ■
aayp anJ unlay * ac 11:30 p. v.
SUXDAYSS.
For Mill Valley and San- Rafael— »B:oo, *9-oa
•10:oO. 11:3;; A. a.; **i-j:3;. "1:30, *2:15, ■ *4 Oft
6:30,6:45.8:30 p.m. Kxir^ trip . to S^uaaiUo at
11:00 a. it.
Trains marked * ran to San Qaentin. ••12:30
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
• -THROUGH TKA.INS.
For ■ Point Reyes ' ana : way - s.asions— 9 .a. m.
Sun a ays. '. i ■ . . . ■* .. : ,
For , Point Reyes. Cazadero and way staiioru—
B*o a. M. Sundays; I:4S p. m. weekdays.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USSB JJA3IIANA BITTJKUS, i'UJJ
exeat Mexican ii-iinedy; tiVet a«mu **M
fcU«£ftUl Ui Uw SHMLIUI Uutut*
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat auieter and easy.
Barley, Oats and Rye as before.
Corn loner and neglected.
Grain Bags declined.
Hay very weak. Straw lower.
Feedstuff's unchanged.
Nothing doing in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Vegetables continue plentiful.
Butter advanced aga.ll.
Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry sells fairly.
Fruit about the same.
Dried Apricots higher and firm.
Bacon in decreased supply.
Meat Market unchanged.
Coal very dull.
Twenty-two allures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 22
»lluresfor the Pacific Coast States and Territories
or the week, ending yesterday as compared with 25
.•or the previous week and 17 for the corresponding
KPfK of 189 S. The failures are divided among the
;rades as follows: 3 saloons, 1 wagon-maker, 1
jlaciismlth, 2 grocers, -' boots and shoes, 1 com
mission, 1 bakery, 1 livery, 1 butcher, 1 real es
,ate agent, 1 laundry, 3 carriages, 1 painter, 1 pub
lisher, 1 men's furnishing goods, 1 plumber, 1
hotel and saloon, 1 stationery.
rip-Hnmion.
Tbe arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
st station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and bundredtlis,
during tbe past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
•rord "hlKh" means hish barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
mil accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
••Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
:oast. When the pressure is high in the interior
mil low along the coasi.and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "li'w" is inclosed with Isobars ol
marked curvature, rain south of "refjon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmet
weather may be expected in summer and coidet
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Ukited States Depakthkntc or Agbiccl/
tl-re Weatheb Bureau, «as Fbancisco, Sept.
4, 1896, 5 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-.-tay:
Eureka 62. Fresno 100, San Dieao 74, Red Blnff
98, San Luis Obispo 78, Vuma 104, Sau Francisco
60. Los Ansreles 76.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
minimum 54, mean 57.
I he area of low pressure off tbe coast cf Orepon
this morning has moved slowly northward accom
nanied with warm fair weather over the northern
half of the Pacific s.oce. Mnoke is reported at
nearly all of the nor;nern s ations. Over Wash
lng;on and Or-goa th re has been a. rise of 12 de
t'rt-e- In temperature. Fort Canby reports a rise
of 92 dc rees in thi* past twenty-four hours. Over
California. Nevada, Utah ana Arizona the tem
perature hm remained stationary.
Rain is reported at Bismarcs.
Fog prevails along the central coast of Califor
nia
Forecast made nt San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, September 5, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday along the
coast: fair inland: continued warm weather in the
valleys; light southwesterly wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; continued
warmer weather inland: light westerly winds; fog
off the coast.
Nevada— t-'air Saturday.
Utah— Kair Saturday; continued warm weather.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco arid vicinity— Fair Saturday,
light southerl winds, cha-iglog to fresh westerly
winds; ligh; fog in tne morning.
A. U. Mi-amk, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4.— Stocks ruled
strong until near the close, when there was a !
elight reaction due to the bank failure In Montana
ana the suspension of a land and mortgage com
pany in Kansas. The early strength of he mar
ket was the result of heavy covering of a iort con
tracts . and increased buying for commission
bouses' account. The large receipts of gold from
Europe 10-day and the belief that additional en
gagements of the metal for shipment to New York
win be made In London next week was the main
factor at work. Money on call was perceptibly
easier, and transactions in time loans were re
ported at fiat 6 per cent for short dates.
Belated shorts contested the rise tor a time, bat
in the alternoon trading even they were com
pelled to come into the market and cover their
contracts. Tnis buying, - with the commission
business already referred to, led to a rise of 114®
2y 8 per cent. Sugar, the grangers Louisville and
Nashville, anthracite coalers. Vanderbilts and
Gould stocks were prominent in the upward move
menu Sugar rose 0 114%. Rock island 10 691,4,
Burling.on and Qulncy to 66»/ 8 , Northwest to 9y.
Louisville and Nashville to 41%, Western Union
to 80%, and Manhattan to 4 3%, all the highest of
the week.
The poor railway reports for the fourth week of I
August, repor s that tomorrow's bank s:atement |
will be unfavorable, and vague reports that the i
Manhattan directors were discussing tbe aavisa- I
blilty of reducing the ra.e of dividend, all failed to I
dam i>en the bullish ardor. The business troubles '
in the West had only 11 slight Influence, and in the
closing dealings tne market was again firm. Net
changes show advances of Vi@-% per cent, Eur-
Ungton and Quincy leading. In the inactive
stocks Northwest preferred gained 4 to 145 and
Illinois Steel 1% to 37%. Minnesota and St.
Louis first preferred brougnt 693,4. against 60, the
last previously reported sale for full lots at the
Stock' Exchange. •■
The total transac-.lons were 258,959 shares, In
cluding 52,100 ftugar, 34.600 St. Paul and 24,500 !
Burlington & Quincy. '
Bond* were active and strong. The total sales
were $1,403.01,0. Atchlson general fours rose Ito
75; do adjustment, 2% to 34%: Chicago and
Northern . Pacific fives certificate*, iy 4 to 41:
Colorado Midland general sixes certificates, 6 to
38: Morris and E-sex first sevens. 4 to 137; New
Jersey M.d. and first sixes, '2 to 113; Ontario and
Western consolidated fives, 2 to 1O5!«4; :-usque
banna and Western general . fives, * to 6614*
Northwestern extension fives, 4 to 102: Reading
general fours. 1 to 74%; 1 exas Pacific firsts, 1%
to 80%: and United Mates cordage sixes certih
cates, l% 10 18.' ■ /
In Government bonds $81,000 coupon fours of
1925 bronchi 1155i@116% and $19,000 currency
sixes of 1898 103. ,
Train.
F l, ox- k— Firm: winter wheat, low grades,
*1 70@S2 50: 00 fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do
patents. $3 45(33 85; Minnesota clear. $2 30®
2 70; do siratts, $2 BS@3M): do oatents, *3 15(a)
$4 OS: low extras, $1 7u@2-60: city mills, $3 90;
do patents, $4@4 25; mixtures, $2 40<<$2 90; su
perfine, $1 &s<g>2 10; fine, $1 40@l 85
RYE FLOCK— Steady a' $2 20@2 75.
COKNAIEAL- Quiet, unchanged.
. KYK— Quiet: Western No. 1, 40Vic, f. o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet; feeding new, 3iy.c; do old,
33c.
5, A , R .J jE V - MA LT-Qulet. Western. 4 8@53c
WHEAT— Moderately active, easier with op
tions, J. o. d., 6 %c; ungraded red, 67@66c;
No.l Northern, 65% c.
Options were dull and closed weak at J^ffißfec
decline. following the West, and on 1 liquidation
here and at the West; December most active. No.
FINANCIAL, ■
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMfcLLOCK & CO.,
* Leldesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1854.
"'«■' ■ BRANCH OFFICER ' :
138 Market 'St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. 8. I'l'KOV, Manager.
Orders' instantly executed on latest market duo- '
" Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank, H. jr.
CaiCAOO. *iuvat jc WXK& «*w Your.
2 red May, 69c: September, 63y 8 c; October,
63»/ c: December, 665/, c. __.«., ,
CORN— weaker; No. 2, 25% c; elevator,
26S' 8 c afloat. ;
ions were dull and weak at V^^/gC decline,
following Wheat and the West with free receipts.
May and October most active. September. 25% c;
October, 2t>%c; December, 27% c; May, 30c
OATS— Fairly active, steady.
Options dull, weaker. September, 19Vic; Oc
tober, 19% c; December, 2oy a c
-1 pot prices: No. *_'. 19 a Ac; No. 2 white,' 23c:
No. 2 Chicago, 203/sc; .No. 3, 18c: No. 3 white.
20c: mixed Western. 19@21c; white State and
Western, 20@29c
7'rnTfnlon*.
LARD— weak: Western steam, $3 65:
city, s3 35@3 40; September. $3 60; refined, quiet:
continent. *4 05: .boutn American. «4 60: com
pound, :.%©4y B e.
PORK-Easy; now mess, $7 50@8 26.
BUTTER-Fancy steady, quiet, B@By a c; do
creamery, Iiy 2 @16%c; do factory, 7%@11c: El
gins. 16%; Imitation creamery, 10@12%c,
CHKESK-Hrm. light receipts: State, large.
6%@8%c; do small,* ti@HV±c. part skims. 2@sc.
nuns— Active, firmer: Western, fresh. 14%3
16c%c: do V case. $1 6U©3 50.
1 ALLOW— Quiet, held firm; city, B%@3y*c:
country. 3i/4@bS/«,c.
RYE— Firm, fair demand: unchanged.
MOLASSES— Firm, fair demand; New Orleans,
27@!--7c. "
COFFEE— Quiet, unchanged to 10 points down:
October, $F@3 30: .November. $8 85@S 90; De
cember, $8 86; March, $8 80(<s8 90: May, $S 85.
Spot Rio, dull, steady; No. 7. loy 4 c.
SUGAR— Haw easy, quiet: fair refining.
2 11-13 c: centrifugals. 96 test. 3%c sked; refined
quiet, unchanged: off A, 3 7-16@4%c; moid A,
be; s.andard A. 43/ 4 c; confectioners' a. 4s/j,c: cut
loaf, 68/gc- crushed. SS/ c; powdered, 6c; granu
lated, 4*/ 4 c; cubes, sc.
I 1 11 it and Produce.
APRICOT 8-Bags, B@9c
PEACHES— peeled, 12@14c: nnpeeled, 6
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal.^iftaSc.
Raisink>— ■ wo-crowi!, loose Muscatels. S'/i'a
4c: do three-crown. 6@5%c; do lour-crowu. 6©
5%c: do London layers,sl@l 14; do clusters, $1 25
(all 40.
HoPS-Qulet. Pacific Coast. 3@6%c.
Moderate demand. Domestic fleece, 16
@23c; pulled, 18fe*blc; 'lex as, 10®12c
MerchandNa.
Tir- IFON— Qolet: American. *10 26@10 50.
COPPEB-Dull; lake. *10 50@10 76.
• LEAD— Steady: domestic, 70ig;2 75.
-Steady; straits, *13 25@13 35; plates
quiet.
tIELTER-Eaßy; domestic.' s3 50@'J 65.
cuiCAuu .MAttKKl'i
CHICAGO, lix. Sept. 4.— The feeling In wheat
this morning was quit* the reverse of yesterday,
values constantly yielding to selling, while the de
mand afforded but little relief The frost booked
for spring wheat sections last night failed to keep
Its appointment, that being the primary motive
for weakness rieht at the start. Export clearances
were light, which afforded a secondary argument
for a decline. -The action of prices for a time was
1 somewhat erratic, but there was nothing entitling
holders to feel encouragement.
Kecdp.s at Chicago were 233 cars and 60.364
bushels were withdrawn from store. The North
west had 868 cars against 634 last Friday and
1070 a year ago. Liverpool opening cables were
unchanged to y*d higher, dost g ones were %@
I s,4d higher Paris closed unchained to 15 cent-
I ime* higher for flour and unchanged to 10 cent
; imps higher for wheat. Antwerp was unchanged
! and Berlin unchanged to % m-ir* higher. Export
• clearances were 227,620 bushels. December
! wheat opened from M|c to 58y8 i declined to
i 581/4 C, closing at 58Vi@5»3/ s^c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 25 cars.
CORN -Trailers w re unable, to evolvb from the
] situation any thin.- In the shape of an argument for
' higher prices, and finding wneat less strong than
I it was yesterday were naturally induced to try the
i sell n; side, but only moderately, there being but
, few on hand to help tne market along. Receipts
; were 669 cars, and 311.337 bushels were with
. drawn fro 11 store. Liverpool . cables were 14 d
I lower. Export clearances were 256.280 bnsneis.
1 May corn opened at 24 5. B e. sold at 2434 c, declined
to and closed a -4s/ a c, 3/g@%c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts lor 10-ruonow 706c.irs-
OATs— The si uatlun in corn from a business
I standpoint was reproduce 1 in oats, and tbe tone
I was likewise very .similar. The uuJerton was
' not extremal v weak, howeve-, oats traders ex
j pressing confidence in th*> ultimate recovery of
1 prices. ReceiD s were 361 cars, and 96.195 bush-
I el* were withdrawn from store. Exports were
; practically nothing. May oats closed i4@3/gc un-
I der yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
I 400 can.
I FL-»X— Was firm. Cash, 64%@85c: Septem
| ncr, 65@653/ic; December, 67»/4®a7y a c. Re-
I ceipts were 1 -8 cars.
PROVISIONS— Product pursued a downward
ecus-, disregarding a steady bog market in the
adoption of a .one. and leaning rather to the in
fluence coming from giain. January pork closed
i 10c lower: January lard 5@7%c lower, and Janu
i ary r.bs 2y2@sc lower.
> BUTTEtt— iJusin.'ss In the butter market was
I slow to-day. Fine goods were wanted, but buyers
dema concessions.
Creameries— Extras, 16c: firsts, 14%@15%c;
seconds, ll@13c; imitations, fancy, 12® i.ic.
.Dairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— 9%@10c: firsts, B®B%c; packing
block, 76£7%c: grease. 4@6c.
EGGS— Offerings were moderate and the de
j mand was bris*. A firm feeling prevailed. Fresh
I stock. ll%@l2cfl dozen.
MONE'i — Was easy. Call loans were still quot
| able at *>is 7», and time at 1%. New York ex
change sold at *1 26 discount.
C losinc; Ir:ct>«.
wnv»T-6ent«mh»r. 66%®58%et December,
68y4@58s/ 8 c: May, 62»4@6v.%c.
i-OKN— September. Uei December, 218/.c; May,
243/ B e. .-?•*.
OATS— September. 15c: May. 18%&
PORK— September. «&&.'%: January, $6 65.
LARD— September, *3 22%: January, *3 62%.
x.-ljib— Septemoer, $3 16: January. *3 36.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 11.1.. Sept. 4.-The
cattle market was extremely dull to-day. A few
choice moved off at firm prices, but other kinds
were slow and in some cases a shade lower. A
good supply of hogs was on sale. The demand was
brisk and prices ruled firm. Sheep and lambs
were dull and easy.
CATTLE— Recemta. 3000. Fancy beeves. $5 10
@5 20: choice. 10 crime. 1300 to 1700 lb steers.
$4 80(015 00; good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 to
54 60@A 75; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 lb. $4 10
(44-5: fair beef steers. 950 to 1800 lbs,
$3 76 @ 4 00: bntcher steers. 83 15 i'g » 70;
feeders. 900 to 1250 lb. «3 6U(ai3 s6; mocker*,
600 to 875 Hi. $2 50@3 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80@3 25: bulls, poor to cnolce. $2 00
! (£- 75: cows and heifer*, choice to extra. $3 50@
I 3 85; cows, fair to choice, $2 25@3 40: rows,
common to fair canners. $1 25@2 10: calves, good
to choice. $5 76@6 10: calves, common to good,
$3 50@5 70; Texas grass steers. $2 50(03 25.
Texas cows and bulls. $1 7532 50: stern can
ning steers, $2 65(4 1 ; Western range cows and heif
ers. $2 15(&3 50. milkers and springers, $ head,
$20@40: Western range steers, *2 80(gi4 10.
HOGS— Receipt*. '-'3.000. Heavy packin* ana
chipping lots. $2 70C43 20: common to choice
mixed, $2 85&3 30: choice assorted, $3 25®
3 40: light, *3 15@3 40: pigs. $2 00(43 15
bßh'ti 1 - Receipts. 800 U. intenoc 10 choice,
« 2 (a 8 30. iambs, 53*4 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4. — Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay. $3 36 double crate an I $1 60@
2 76 single crate: assorteJ. $1 45@2 20; Muscats,
80c©$l 65; Rose de Peru, 75@80c. Pears—Bart
letts, $1 20@l 80 * box; Clapp's Favorite, $1 10:
Prunes— Gros, $1 10@l 45 %4 half crate; Hungar
ian. $1 05@l 35. Peaches— McDevitt Clings, 70c
@$1 20 ft box: All Brlgbls. $1 10: Piquet's lute
: $lO''@l 10; Salway. 70c@$l 10: fret-stone. 75c®
' $1 10: Orange Clings. $1 05: other varieties, 70c@
I $1. Plums— Victoria. $1 fi half crate; Japan. 76c
CHICAGO. lv.. Sept. 4. — The Earl Fruit
I Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
, Bartlett pears. $1 10@l 50.- Peaches— Piquet's
! late. 9 sc@sl: Orange Clinz. 95c. Grapes— Tokay
I $1 35(<11 75; Muscats, $1 25@1 30; Malaga, 30c
@$1. . ■ •■
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 4.— R, O. Dnn A Co.
j will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
j Failures have been for the week 334 in the United
I States* against 186 last year, and 31 in Canada
against 3& last year. v ' I
There lit a distinct Increase of confidence, due
largely to the. continuing heavy Imports of go:d
which have put an end to monetary anxiety.
While it does not yet start more mills and fac
tories than are closing for want of work. It crops
I out in heavy speculative purchases of pig iron
I wool and some other materials, by experienced
j men who believe that a revival of business is not
I far off, and for the first time in nearly two months
I a slight upward turn appears In prices of manu
factured products, 3fiS&BKsSO9aBMU*i
The same spirit appears in speculation. Stocks
rose an average of $2 08 for railways and $3 01 tor
trusts, with considerable covering of ■ shorts.
Wheat hid suddenly risen a week ago. but re
acted with better crop news until Thursday, when
an advance came of lc, making the net decline for
the week ISA, cents. Western receipts continue
large, 5,216,706 bushels for the week, against
I 4,560.104 last year, making the increase since
I July 1 about 12.000,000, or 63 per cent. Atlantic
exports are also lar«e, flour included, 2,032 958
bushels against 1,347,352 last year, a cam ot 69
percent. Gloomy stories find little support in
such re; urns.
torn has reached at -Chicago the lowest point
ever touched, 20c. In 1831, and has again broken
all records here, declining to 25%0. at which it
closed.
Cotton fell to 7.87 c, but with revival of confi
dence . rose ■to 8.60 c, although the prospect is
clearly more favorable than some weeks airo Es.
timutes ar • still very wide apart.
After many weeks of dec.lne. so that the aver
ago of prices for iron and products was the lowest
since early last year, prices ha\ c started un a
I shade. T~.i£l!V£f!C**4£l9Rlt^BMP%BS9
- The starting of some woolen-mills which have
been die and accumulating orders for a short run
I is still balanced by ihe stopping of others, and the
I volume of orders does not increase.
No gain as yet upp.ais in demand or prices; but
a marked speculative buyii g-of wool shows b-lief
I that prices will improve and sales for the week
were 4.3...600 pounds, of which only 555 700
were foreign, much over hall the domestic sales
being of 1 exas and 'ar Western States at prices
ranging from 7(S;8%& Cotton goois are growing
stronger, more grades having advanced and '
thougi: sales are moderate,- tiiert. are more buyers,
indicating exhaustion of ; dealers' < t stocks. . The
volume of trade Indicated by clearings was for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
week 10.7 per cent less than last year Exoorts
of merchandise for the week were 40 per cent and
for the past month 16.3 per cent larger than last
year, while imports were for the week 19 smaller
and for the month 18 per cent smaller than last
year. . , .
BANK CLEAICIXGS.
NEW. YORK, N. ; V., Sept. 4.— Bank clearing
! totals at the principal cities for the week ended
September 4, with comparisons, as telegrapned to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
- Citimi. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York »461.6;-54.845 . 11.3
Boston. 6*, 735. 945 9.4
Chicago 72,403.021 14.2
Phi1ade1phia.......:.... 57,574,039 9.9
St. Louis. 1H.975,9 8 8.6
Pittsbunr 11,.: 20,545 9.6
Cincinnati 9,a9«,6i>0 10.2
Baltimore 12,193,640 6.0
San Francisco.....;.... 13,;-7*,290 5.9 ......
Kansas City .... 9,150,675 1.6
New Orleans 5,967,405 9.9
Louisville _ 6,264,532 9.8
Detroit 4.720,877 18.2 .;....
Minneap01i5.. ........... 6,943,256 ...... 9.4
Cleveland 6,266,060 30.7
Providence.. 3,433,b00 2.4 -'
Milwauitee.. _ 4.29H.832 8.3
lndlanaDOlia.... 3,166,4«?5 21.0 ......
Buffalo 3,900,388 4.0 ......
St. Paul. - 3,-09,7V0 6.9
Omaha 2.9K5.700 0.6
Denver .. 1,780>88 21.6
Salt l>ake 857,263 18.2
Los Angeles 767,099 29.5
Port ana, 0r..... 1,113,483 6.4
Tacoma 574,947 29.6
Seattle 472,303. 17
Spokane 402.330 25.7 ......
Totals U. S £827,011,. 34 10.0
Outside of New York ■
City 385,376.289 86
DOMINION OK CANADA.
Montreal.. 510,316.899 8.7
T0r0nt0.......... 5,075.160 1.0
Halifax 1,137,055 20.9
Winnipeg 940.925 19.0
Hamilton 545,661
Totals $18,106,700 7.8
M.M lOi.iw aiUCKS,
Bonds. Exchange, Money »nd Railroad
Share*.
Money on call 3@6%: last loan at 3% and
closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile paper,
9%. nr sliver, £6y*c. Mexican dollars, 61 Vi@
5314 c; Sterling txehanae was steady, with
actual business in bankers' bills a; *4 82 Va@4 82%
for s xty days, and $4 84@4 841/4 for demand.
Posted "rales, $4 Bi.@* 85. Commercial bills,
84 Hli/a@-l 8214. Government bonds strong. Stale
bonds quiet. Railroad bonds higher. Sliver at the
board wan dull.
cxo*txo «T<vir*.
A m Tel « Cable-.. 78 l.Norfolk * Westro 88/
Atchison.... 11% Preferred. 13
Preferred......... 17% Northern Pacific... 11% !
Adams Express. 14U I Preferred. 19Va ,
Alton. Terre Haute 66 Northwestern 98%
American Expression 1 Preferred 146
AmericanToDacco. 63% K. Y. Central: t>2J^
Preferred 90 N.Y.,ChIcaKo4S.U 100%
FayStateOas 12 | Ist preferred. — 63
Paltimore A Ohio.. l'2Bfe "-'d preferred 28
Brunswick Lands.. % S. Y.&N. H. ItS4V%
Buffalo, Koch AP. 13 X. Y. <fc New Eng. -'0
Canada Pacific.... 58 N. V., Susq Jt W... B*4
Canada Southern.. 451,4 Prefened. 23
Canton Land 60% Ontario 10%
Central Pacific Ontario A Western 13
Ches. A Ohio i.3s^ Oregon Improvmnl Vj
Chicago Alton. 151 Preferred — .
Preferred......... 170 Oregon Navigation 15
Chicago. ii. A Q.... 6'>s M Oregon Short Line. I'-'Va
Calcaco&E. 111... 37% Pacific Ma 11........ IB*, :
Preferred. «0 jPeoria, D.<fc Evans 1% I
CblcagoGas 59 Pittaburc <fc W. pfd 15
Cleve<& Pittsbnrg..lss I Pullman Palace.. ..142
Consolidation Coal. 31 [Quicksilver. l^i
Consolidated (ia»..146 | Preferred. 15
C. C. C. SU Louis 24S/ 4 Readme . ...... 14%
Preferred. 76 KloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 1 % Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Kock Island 59
Cotton Oil Cert .... 9% Kome\Vat«fcOgaea.loß
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. <k S. W 3.v«
Del. Hud50n.. ...... 121 Preferred. 83,
Del. Lack<t Westrn. 152 St. Paul 693-.
Denver<&B.Q 10% Preferred. 128
Preferred. 42% St. Paul & Duluth. 15
Distillers I Preferred 75
General Electric... 21514 St. Paul & Omaha. 3714
Erie 13V» Preferred. 115
Preferred...'. 30 |SL P. M. 4 M...... 103
Fort Wayne. 145 >Ilver Certificate*. 66%
Great Northern pfdl 12 Southern Pacific... 16
Green Bay i/ 2 Southern K. X .73/.
Harlem. 300 Preferred... 21
Hocking Coal sugar Refinery .... l** l^
Hocking Valley.... 15 Preferred. 100 14
Homestake. 34 Term. Coal <& Iron. 19%
11. A Texas Cent.. Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 8» Texas Pacific 6
lowa Central 7 101.A.A.A N.Mich. 1
Preferreo 25 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... 16 Preferred... . 50
Preferred ........ 2214 Tol.SuLouisA K.O. a
KingsionA Pern... 3 Preferred. 6
Late Erie A Westn 15 Union Pacific Sr/g ]
Preferred... 64% U. P. Den A Golf.- 1%
Lake 5h0re..... ....145 U. 8. Cordate 3% •
National Lead 21% Preferred. 7%
Preferred.... 82V* Guaranteed ...... 16
Lone 151 and....;... 67% O. B. Express 35
Louisville A Nash. 40%, L. s>. Leather 71A
Louisville NaAUh 2 I Preferred 49% '
Preferred. R L". b. Rubber 16%'
Manhattan Consol. 82% PreferreO... ...... 70
Memphis A Charts. 16 Itlca AB. River.. lso
Mexican Central... ny 4 W>b. b. L. A Pac. • SS/, <
Michigan Central.. 87 ! Preferred 14Vs .
MinnAS.L. ......— . ] Wells-Fargo. ... 80
Preferred Western Union.... 80
Minn A St. L com. 16V41 Wisconsin Central. 13/«
Ist preferred-.... 70 Wheeling AL. X.. 6
Sdpreferred 38 Preferred .. 23V«
Missouri l'aclfla... 18% Am Cotton OUptO. 45
Mobile Ohio . 1' W. V. Beef 6
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 7
National Unseed.. 14 Preferred. 18
P|J. Central 100 Brooklyn 21
»orU» American... 4i/ i.rle 2d p«l 16
' CXCMNB BONIM.
Ala Class a4a 100 Northern Pac lsts. 11 3
Do Class B 4, 55.. 100 Do2ds.V .106
Alabama, tiaas C. 90 I Do3ds. 65
Atcnison «5........ 75 Do consol 65..... 45
Do 2ds A 34%OImprovement Ist 76
South 2ds.. 98 Do 6s 106
Ccii Pac lstsof '95.100 0R A N 15t5....... 106
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Do :onsol 69!!. V. 83
£0 1887. .........100 Or Short Line 65... 106
Do 1898 10U Do cons 65........ 58
Do 1899 100 raciflc»ssof «97....100
8 i«f^ lO 6 '--;- 10 *^ 11 ' 11 ' I**1 ** eading4s. 74%
KV?^« Tr Rets 6s 41 Do Is' » incam. 32%
DC3-655... 109V4 B Grande West lsts »9Vi
Dw*KflJ«.....iu istixtlronMtOenSs 69
.-,*"■ 86 |fct L ASF Gen 6s. 103
E!\Zi?*---A; B8 St i'aul C0n5015.. ..122%
ftV\Al)enCitylßU 61 WStPCAPa 15t5.. .1103/4
E£A A6s •• — 101 go Carolina4%s...a 4%5... 95
D02d75.....;.... 96 Southern RR is... 84
Gen fclecDebbs... 85 Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
HA Tex Cent 65. . 102 Term new 73
Docontts. 102 Texas Pacific lsts. 80%
lowa Central 91 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 17
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Union Pac lsts 96. 99
K» i-» law l*, u vloß !v S4s reg of ll 26.115%
LaConsol 45....... 90 Do 4s, coupon. ...115%
M issourl funding. . . C P 4s. rec of 907. 105%
M -£T2ds... ; . 60 Do coupon.... 107
Do 4s 80 Do2s .. .: 92
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 58 Do 6s. " 110 V*
Mutual Union «.i...107 J 06s. coupon." llOVi
> J Cent Gen .1131/4 Va funding debt... 6t>V»
N «A^t Louts 4sloo , Do registered. .
>or<feWest Gen 68.116 | Do deferred 6s 5
N Carolina con 45.. 9t> 1 Do trust rcpts st" 4
D 065... .....110 Wabash Ist 55.... 103
Northwest Consols. 133 West Shore 4*. 103
Do deb 6s 104 '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I.IVKBFOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Sept. 4.-The spot market
is firm. Cargoes dull at 27s l%d, sellers/prompt
shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember, 6s l%d; October, 5s 2d: November. 6s
2%d; December, 6s 2%d; January, 6s 3%d.
f SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 4 -Consols, 112 7-16; sil
ver, 30(ftd : French Rentes, 103f 15c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 88
Sterling; Cables _ 4 8934
New York Exchange, 5ight........ _ nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, %t ounce — 661 A
Mexican Dollars — 61%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTUER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Dealers report a dull ana weak mar
ketaßain. Na 1. «5@96%c V ctl; choice, 97% c;
lower trades, 87 %@92%c; extra choice for mill
ing, $i@i 07% ¥ c.l.
CALL HOARD BALKS.
rr c OMO MA 99%r iON - 9:15 " o'dock-Dec«ab.r-
Second tEssroN— December— 2ooo ctls, 998,4 c.
8000c^99%a RNIN ° aKBBION ~ *>*<***<"
afternoon Sessioh — December- ctls,
B9S/ B e. •
BAiLEY-The market shows no change what
«X««ftiV c ql i O!e . Feed V 80 @ 63 %c: choice bright.
65C«t>6y 4 Brewing. 72%@»0c 9 cU; Chevalier,
vOc@sl for No. 1. ■■• :i •-.-
CAM, BOARD HAI.KH
Informal Session— 9 : 15 o'clock— No sales.
Skconj> sksuiox— No sales. '.
KiatlME Mobnino session —No sates.
AFTERNOON Session — December— 2ooo ctis.
678/»c.
OATS-Are well in hand, but quiet. New Feed
are quotable at 75@85c 9 rtt; old milling, 87%
@92% c: fancy feed. 92%@95c: good to choice,
85@92%c: common 10 fair, 75®80c; Gray, 85
©8ry 2 Surprise. 95c®$l 02%.
CORN —Quotations are lower again and the mar
ket Is very dull. = Large Yellow, 87%@90c: Small
Round do, 87%@90c-ii ctl : White, 75C
RYE— 7o@72%c * Cti, for old and 62%@65c
for new. . ..• .... .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 85@95c Veil. ."
FLOUK ANL» MILLSTUFK9.
' LOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60@3 70* hbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
(a.3 50: superfine $ ■_ 75@3.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn. $19 50@20:
Cracked 01 n. $.'0 50@21 $ ton.
MILLSTUFF —Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: orhham Flour, 42 10-
Hye Flour. *2 50: Rice Hour, $6 76; Cornmeal,
$"J 10: extra cream do, $'J 75 at men!, $;> 90; o*
..roats, $3 50; Hominy, $3 10®3 30; Buckwueat
Flour, $3 10@3 30; Cracked Wheat, $2 75; I'a
rlna. 83 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats. $3 50: Ivarl liarley, «3 60; bplUPeas, $3 2u;
Green do, $4 10 1* 100 lbs.
UAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— $13@13 50 for the best and « 12@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 5@16 V ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 ■£ ton for the best,
FEEE.STUFFS— Rolled Barley, *14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 a ton: jobbing, «22; clipped
Oats. 05 Hell. • .
HAY— Occasional sales of fine Wheat are made
at $10, but this mum be considered an extreme
figure, as the market is very weak. Wheat is
quotable at $7@lo * ton: Wheat and Oat. $6@9:
Oat. $s(di7 60; Barley. #6@7: river Barley, *4 50®
5: Alfalfa. $5 60@t> 50 tor second anc" $4 60@5 for
first cutiine: compressed $ti@9; stock, $4@5;
Cover, 50.
STRAW-3Q@3sc y bale.
BEANS AND SEKDJ.
BEANS— Bay os are quotable at $1(31 15 ?
v> -tl; Small Whites, 95c@$l 10. V ctl: Pea, 95c
<&* 16 V ctl; Large Whites, 85@96c * cU: Pink,
75® 5c V ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 V ctl: Blackeye.
$1 2S@l 50: Red Kidney, $l(o>l 10: Limas, $1 80
02 06. Butters, nominal.
SKEDS-Btowb Mustard. $1 6001 75 9 ctl:
Trieste, $•_» 25@2 75 9. ctl: Yellow Mustard. $1 50
@1 76; Flax. $1 50: Canary, 2V4@23 / 4c » lb; Al
lalfa, nominal: Rape, 2y 2 e V Ib: Hemp, 3y 2 c-
DRIKD PKAs— *l 10®l 40 %i cU lor Niles and
♦1 26@1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VKGETABI.ES.
POTATOES— Previous prices rule. Sweet Pota
toes. 76c@$l; Garnet Chiles, 60@66c "$ ctl: Early
Rose, 2.@35c: Burbank Seedlings, 25@35c lor
Rivers and 60@90c for Salinas r *£&at*&t!ita*eg&i&,
ONIONS— 2..@35c V ctl; Pickles, 50c V sack.
VEGETABLE— All .kinds are plentllul. Mar
rowfat Squash, ?5®7 * ton; Grevn Corn, 4 @75c
"$ sack: Aiamtda Corn, 75c@$l 25 V crate;
Berkeley Corn, 40@65c "$ box; Summer Squash,
250 %4 box for Bay: Egg Plant, 25@40c %( box:
Tomatoes. 15®25c box lor Rivers and 20®
Ssc y box for Bay: Alameda Cucumbers, 20®25c;
Pick es, 50@t>5c >» box for No 1 and <!s(gpoe ft ctl
fcr So, 2: i.reea Peppers, 25@40c %* large box for
Chile and 25@40c for Bell: Green Peaa, 60®75c
ft sack for common and 2@2VsC ft Ib for Garden;
String Beans, sO(ai7sc 1* sack for common and 2®
-Vie f^ tb for garden: Limas, 60c@$l 25 '# sack; J
Green Okra, 26®40c box: Cabbage, 40c 14 ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c p sack; Garlic, l@l%c tl lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Ducks are hard to sell, as some dis- !
eased ones have lately arrived and buyers are shy !
of them In consequence. Full-grown youn% Roost
ers are. firm. Fryers are dull. Hens are firm.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 14@15c •** lb for i
<iobn!er«. lS@l4c t» lb for i ens: you Turkeys, '
14©16 c; (.;ee.s.-,«i pair, $ f^l 25: i.osllnes, if 1 25@ j
2; uucks, $X(g)H 60 <g> dozforo.d and $3 50@4 60
for young; Hens, $4@6 si>: Roosters, youni;, if 3 50
t5 It dozen: do, old, $4@4 50: Fryers, $3@3 25:
rollers, $-2 60@3 for large and $1 25(g)2 50 for
small; Pigeons, £1 50W.1 75 ¥ dozen for young and
*1 25@150 for old. ■■- -:
GAMfc.— Nominal.
BLTTEIt, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER - Prices have again advanced and
stocks are light.
_ Cbkameky— Fancy, 24@25c; seconds, 22@23c
%* Ib.
Daiby— Fancy, 21c "# lb; good to choice, 18® (
20c; lover grad s, 14@17V»C
Pickled— lS@1 7c fl lb. '"
Firkin— l4@l3c t* It.
CHbKSK-Miows no change. Choice mild new,
9c "$, ft,; common to good old, 6^(i£B^c %* Ib:
Cream Cheddar, 10@llc: Young America, 9(3>10c;
Western, 10@llc: Kastern. ll@l3c lb.
EGGS— No Ding new. Oregon quotable at 121/2
(»14c; Eastern. 13®15c: store Eggs, 12@14c for |
ordinary and 16@17%c for good; ranch Eggs, 19 I
@23c, with some sales even higher: cold-storage
ranch, 17@18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17 '$ doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-
The market is quiet and steady as a rule.
Quinces, 30@60c 9 box.
Peaches, 3010,65 cfl box, 20 d 30c ■» basket. $15
@20 3 ton for freestones and $25@30 f» ton for
cunts
Plums. 30@76c 9 i.ox.
PomegrjinH;es, >f> 1 <<i. 1 25 "f box.
Appes, 75c@$l %i box for choice and 40®60c
for common.
. Pears, 26@40c '$ box; Bartletts, 4C@6sc 9 box.
Figs, 25(»50c %l box for white and 25@7Sc for
black.
; BERRIES— Were firm yesterday.
raw berries, $4@6 %t chest for Longworths and
$I@3 for tame berries.
Raspberries, t3@4 %* chest- ■
Blackber. Ips, S2@3 50 fi chest.
lluckl«'b.rri^s, >«c fi tt».
GRAPES— Were weaker. Seedless are quot
able at 40(<s60c 13 box: Isabellas, ft crate: To- !
kays, 40@65> Tfr box; Blue* Grapes, 30.,-isOc %» bx: j
Muscats, 30@60i- "^ box: Sw.-et waters and Fon- :
tainebteaux, 2. @40c V oox; Grapes in crates bring
6teloc more than In boxes.
' Zlnfandel Wine Grapes, $18@20 9 ton.
MELONS— Cantaloupes continue to advance.
Watermelons. $2@B * 100: Cantaloupes, 50c@
$1 # crate: Nu: megs, 15@35c i» box.
CITRisFRnT — Oranges are nominal at $2
©:<■? box for Va en' las and 91 60@2 V box for
Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, $1 bO'a,2 "j» box
for common and t2 50@3 for good to choice ; Mex
ican Limes, $6 .'0 V- box: Caliiornia Limes. '0
@76c: Bananas, $I®2 %i bunch: Pineapples, $2
<g>'A 50 $ doz. ■ ■
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Apricot* are stiff and cleaning op. The output
is much less tlian fl?ur di on and It is said there
are not over 40 cars left In the Santa Clara Valiev.
Peaches are rather steadier, but Prunes hang fire.
Quotations on the i run Exchange are us 101
-low«:
Carlo ai> Lots— New Apricots, 6@Sc V !b for
Royals and 10c for fancy Moorparks: new Prunes.
Sc: now Peaches. 3y 2 c Vlb in the sweat-box and
4@i'c f. o. b. coast; evaporated Apples, s@sVic- * I
Jobbing Pbi k»— .New Peaches. 4i,4<<Jsi^c $1
&>: lan<*v, 7c "$ tb; new Apricots, 64$.'c fA Ib;
fancy, 8c; MoorpHrKs, lt'(S)llc: new evaporated
Apples, tic; sun-dried. 8c; Prunes, Sc for the four
sizes: new Figs, black. •Ji.jjc for eased and
3@3Vi for pressed; white H^s, 4c; Plums, 6c for
pitted and lVac for unpttted; new Nectarines, 4
(gisc %>. Ib for pr.me to fancy: Pears, 3Vi@4VaC for
whole, 6c for quarters and 0c for halves.
RA Sins-
Jobbing — Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 334 c f», lb: 2-crown, 8c '& lb; seedless Sul
tanas, 5c n.; seedless Muscatels, 3i^c; 8-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, $150. Dehesa clus
ters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, 2 50.
NUTS— Quo. at ions are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c H lb for Languedoc,
i» lb for hardshell and 9@loc '?. Kb for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@6c %4 Ibfor Eastern and
for California; HlcKory Nuts, 6@t3c fi>;
Pecans, 7%@»c; Filberts, 7%(&8c; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc V- tb; Cocoanuts, $4@5 $ 100. •
liOXKY- comb, 10@12%c for bright and s(Ss9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@sV*c;
light amber extracted, 4y 2 (g*4S4c; dark amber, 1®
4V4c; aarK, v:@3c V ft.
BEESWAX— ¥ lb.
PIiOVJSIONS.
CUBED MEATS — Bacon Is in light supply
and firm. Bacon is quotable at 6%c "$ lb for
I heavy, 7%c •$ lb for light medium, 9(89 %c $ lb
for light, i'J@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar- 1
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12jp12%c: i
California Hams, 10(a»lle » lb; Mess Beef, $.'<sj
8: extra mess do, *8: family do. $10: extra ;
prime Pork, $808 60; extra clear, $13 V bbl:
mess. *; 1 60@12 bt>l; .-moKed Beef, 10c 9lb
j.AKD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 414 c ¥ »
for compound and - 5 Vie for pure; palls, Be ~*H Ib; |
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%cior j
pure; lm f-bb;s, 6%c; 10- lb tins, 6 Vic: do 6- lb, |
el/?'- « lb.
COTTOLENE— 6M.@6%c In half-bbls and 63i(M
7y * a. In 10-lbtln".
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers
are quoted at 6c $ &>: culls and brands,
6@5%c 9 Ib: medium," 5c ft &>; culls and
brands, 4@4%c t* lb; light, 4c: culls and
brands, 3<<s3%c; Cowiildrs. 4@4%c: culls and
brands, f!@4c; salted Kip. 4c: salted Call. 6c 3 Ib:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9@9%c: culls and
branas, 7c; dry Kip ' and Veal.7®Bc; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, »@9.; Uuatskins. 20®
36c each: ■' Kids, 6c: . Deerskins, good summer,
25ij27%c: medium, 15<a-2%c; winter. 7@loc;
Sheepskins, Bhearinss. 10a;15c each: short wool,
20@;!5c each ; medium, 40.^60c each: long wools,
60|gi60 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less. : *
iAIiIjUW— No. 1. rendered, 2%rc3c:. No. 2,
2yic;. refined, 4^4@6c: firm—. 8c «4 Ib.
WOOL— llumloldland Mendocino, 10@llc; Val
ley Oregon. 10@llc W lb: do lower grades, 8@10c:
Nevada, 6@B ■•<:; San Joaquin and southern
Coast, six months, 4@6c;t ban. Joaquin. foothill,
good to choice, 6%@7i/ac; an Joaqui'i, year's
fleece. 4@3iAc; northern tree, 7©9 c: do defective,
6(S6VaC^ ft,? • ' -.-■■•■■
HOPS— Nominal at 2@Sc V Ib for 1895.
GENEKAL MEKCBANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, weak at
*4 12%@4 20: San Quentiu, $4 20; Wool Bags.
24XA@26%&
coal- Harrison's 'circular says: "Diirlnc the
week there have been only four arrivals from the
nor hern collieries with 4600 tons, two from Syd
ney with 6785 tons and ■■ one from Swansea with
3058 tons Busluess in this line remains very
qule:,' and dealers are complaining generally.
'1 nere is no visible Improvement In prices, which
still continue to favor buyers, principally forsteam
uses. The grades utilized; lor domestic purposes
maintain their values fairly well, si though the
present disparity of quotations between good steam
tuel and fair hou Coals cannot long be main
tained. ; The low rates of i freight at present ruling
from Australia are being generally availed of, and
the engaged list' from the Colonies has swollen to
about 113,000 tons of Coal tonnage.' ' A number of
these • vessels : will not . arrive r here this year.
freights from Swansea are being marked up, but
with the present variance . between : Colonial Mid
Welsh, the latter will ■ lose ' a very large portion of
its trace.". At 1 resent quotations Australian is de
cide lly more economical fuel for all purposes." • ■
Wellitiitoa I quotabe'nt *8; New Wellington,
•8 V ion: soutntield Wellington, $7 50 ? ton;
jeattle, .'ss@r, 60 : * Bryan.. $5; C oos ■ Hay, $4 50 ;
>\ulsend, $7: Scotch,' $7 50;- Brymbo, 87 50;
• umberiand, $13 60 ■$ ion in bulk and $15 in sks:
1 enns.vlvaui* Anthracite K«g, $11 '$ ton: Welsh
.* nthraclte, $9; Caniml. ■$7 50; 1 ock Springs.
Castle (lute and i Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
?11@12 In bulk and $13 «t ton in sks. . -
K^Kr^hinese mixed, $3 05MS 30; No. 1, $3 90
@*'J?' c:1 ; extra No. 1, $4 . 6@4 40: Hawaiian,
*3 -o@3 62%:. Japan, $3 58#4 16: Rangoon, in
100- Ib oa , $3.10. - .., . /, . . : :.:", -,k- '
SUOAR— Uhe Western Sugar P.eflulng Comuany
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 5S/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, 434 c; Confectioners' A, 434 c: .vasnoha a,
4S/ C ; Extra C,4Vic: Golden C, 4V»«: half barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
SAN ITRANCISCO MJSAT. MARKET.
. Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. 4@
4%c: third do, Sy»c fi Ib." ■ .- -
VEAL— Large, 4®sc: smaU, s@6c ii Ib. ,_,,.
MUTTON— Wethers, 4V3@3(5; , Ewes, 4@4^c
V sb. ■>•>■ -1 ■. --: ■ ■■-- -'. ■v- - : "-- *
LAMB-6©6c ft Ib. ' ■ ._
PORK— Live i.oifs, 284 c•s for large and 3c
for small ami medium; dressed do, 4^<ssc v n>-
RECEIPTS OF. PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,368 1 Cheese, ctls _ „*<*
Wheat, ct15...... ».32O ! Kegs d0a.. ...... 7,9^0
Barley, ct15...... 83.750 Hides, no 1«"
Oats, ctls 4,925 Pelts, bdls _ — -
Beans, 5k5....... 1,521 ! Wine, gals. *> 6 %°
Rye, ct15......... 125 Wool, bis 7,1
Potatoes, sks.... 8.775 Sugar, bbls 1,90e
Onions, s«s 401 j Lumber, M feet.. 10
Bran, sks 245 ', Mustard Seed, sic "
Middlings, sks... 727 Lime, bbls 81
Hay, tons 779 Broom Corn, bis. -' 69
Butter, ctls 107 i ■ •
FAMILY METAIC MARKET.
Butter is dearer. Cheese and Eggs show no
change.
Meats and Fish sell at about last • week's prices.
Fruits and Vegetables continue abundant at
reasonable rates.
Salmon Is out of season and Sturgeon Is In season
again. - - . .
Following is Tri call's -regular weekly retail
price list:
COAL— PEB TO
Cannel...... © f» 60 ■ Pleasant Val 9 60910 00
Wellington. — fttlO 00 Southfleld
New Wei- Wellington —® 960
lington.... <aiO 00 Scotch -<§ 9»0
Seattle 7 00® 760 Coos Bay... 60® —
Castle Gate. 9 60&10 00
DAIBY FBODT7CK. ETC.
Butter, fancy, * Cheese, Cai 10@12
square 45r<j50 Cheese, Eastern... 16@20
do, %* roll -fm4o ; Cheese, Swiss... .20(330
do, choice ...... 37 V a <» — i Common Eggs 1 6<§>20
Ordinary ao .SO(a)3s RanehEicgs"tfdz...2s«.So
Pickled roll ..3<)@35 j Honey, comb, "#tb.l2((sls
Firkin — @30 , do, extracted.... B<S>la
MEATS— PKB POtT.Vr*. . { .
Bacon .....12017 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12<<&15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops ...12@15
Corned 8eef....... 8& — Round Steak : 8(5.10
Ham, Cal.. 12V2@15 Sirloin Steak... 12 Win —
do. Eastern 15(8)60 ; Porterhouse, d 0... 17^20
Lard ..„ 12(5)15 j Smoked Beef —(^ls
Mutton B(stlC Pork Sausages.... <g.ViO
Lamb.; ..IC@— Veal 10®15
POVI.TRV AND liAMK.
Hens, each..... 40® 60 Turkeys, lb.. 16® 20
Young Kuost- {Ducks, each... 35(3) 65
ers, eacn 50® 65 Geese, each.... 76@1 00
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pr.. 40® 60
each.. SOiS 60 Rabbits, f* pr.. 35<£ 40
Fryers, each... 40(^ —Hare, each..... 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 25® 36)
FRITITM ANT> N'l'TS.
Almonds, V 1b.....12(3)160rang85, 9 dos 15(335
Apples. i* Ib 4© 5 Pears, lb 4& 6!
Bananas, fi doz... 15@20 Peaches. i» lb 4@ 6
Blackberries, drwr2o(ai.,o Piums, "$ 1b....... 4(g- 5
Canta'otioes. each. :>fa i:> Raisins, > 1b....... 6C<(ls
Cocoanuts, each. ..10(«12 Raspberries. dnvr.26®:«s
Figs. tt). .;....... «(S)iOStrawoerries,
Grapes, f> lb.. 4® 6; ft drawer 20®35
Lemons, * doz. .. .25@30 Walnuts. *Ib 16® -
Limes, "fi dor. 15r<£ —I Watermelons, echlo@2o
Nectarines, ft 1b. . . 10@12|
VEHKT4W.W. .
Asparagus, ?> 1b... ]o@lsjLentils, V Ib 6@ »
Artichbkes,^doz..3o®;() Lettuce, '$ doz 15.<u20
Beets, doz 12^16|Mr'fat Squash.^ it 6@lo
Beans.white s Green Okra, "$ Ib.. 6® 8
Colored. ..2^(5 6 Onions, f>. lb 4@ t>
Lima. •£ lb 4® 6 Peppers, green.^lb 6.'is 8
Cabbage, each..... 6@lo Parsnips, ft <xoz. ...15(^20
Cauliflowers, each. 5<S 8 Potatoes, %* tb..... 2<a 3
Celery, it bunch... s<a —I Radishes. W.dzbchs.lO@l2
Cress. Sdzbunchs.2O<a2s|Sage, & Kb..:. 25®35
Cucumber, V doz. B@)o|Smer .'-quash, lb Ha, 5
Eec Plant. 1b... sidi 8 String Beans, ¥&•■ *(* «
Garlic, f> 1b... 5® — Thyme, * Ib 20&30
Green Peas, 3* o>.. 4® 6 Turnips, t^ d0z..,.16®20
Green Corn, «* dozlO(gi.O'Tomatoes, %i — 3<s, 5
FISH— PKR POONDt
Barracuda .....10@12Shad.. — (a —
Carp...'. — © — Sea Bass. B®lo
Codfish —(sls ; Smelts lf@ —
Flounders : 10ft» — |Soles .10(312
Ha1ibut............ 6® BSkates. each 10@12
Herring — (c& — iSturgeon I'.(<Sls
Klngfisn — (ai — iTomcoa 12® —
Mackerel I Clams, ft gal — @15
do, Horse... 10($ — |Do. hardshell, 9
Perch ..« 10®—! 100.......... 60<a —
Pomnano 35'0j50 Crabs, each 12316
Rocknsh 1< (A — Do. eoftshell, 9 dz.26@35
Salmon, smoked. — Mussels, ¥ qrt .10®15
Salmon, fresh .. — <a — Oysters, Cal,* 100.40® —
Shrimps 8$ 10 Do, Eastern, ft dz.25(a»40
— •—«• — « 1 ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Csmstocks were rather firmer yesterday,
out the advance did not amount to much. The
market was weak at the close.
ophir is assessed 25c
The Belcher assessment falls delinquent in
boaid to-day.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :  •;
BKGULAK MORNING SESSION. COMMKSOINO 9:30/
2nn Alpha 20 200 HAN. .. 1.60 300 vac... 60
tfOO Alia.. 100 Justice... ! 150 61
700 Ande5....33UW'Mxcn.....62100 -....62
300 Belcher.. .3l 300 Occld 57 400 8 Mr 63
200 B & a.. 1.10 100 59 100 Union ...47
500 Bodle 71! '260 Onnlr... 1.06 300 48
20OCrwnPt..34 200 0vrmn....18 300 V Jack:.. .39
200 3310JPotosl. 96
AFTERNOON SESSION— 3 :30.
I 900 A1ta....... 121200 C Point. ..34 500 Potosi 97
200 Andes 33K250 G«tC 5!« 50 5ay..... ...62
200 81cher....34 2vM) Kentck....O7 650 61
200 B A8....1.15i.-0J Mex......63|100 HegßeL..l4
: 100 .". 1.101500 Occidtl-. 5Nev....56
100 8u1wer.... 49,150 Ophlr. . .3.10! 100 ........... 55
I 3"0 Ch0ir.. .2.25 100 ...... 1.05 150 Union... 45
100 .........2.20 500vrmn....18100 Utah 09
2000 Con 1m..03 600 Potosi ..9K YJackat-iu
100 Con 11.... 1.6 •.,; I /
Follow! were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
KF.ori.AK session— lo:3o.
300 Alnha 20 200 Conn .1.651200 Ocod.. 60
I 400 Alt* .... 13 8000 C 1mp.. .03 .2300 :. 62
I SOO Andes 700 C P0int. ...34 200 ........ ...64
, 301) 8e1cner....32 400 Excnqr.. .05 bOJ Ophlr .1.05
! 200 ...........33 700 C...67 300 Ovrmn..-18
700 B A 8..1.10 503 . ;.......:. 56 400 Pouwi.. 95
I 200 iy 82508 250 Hd5N1.47%600 5av....,..69
1100 Bullion.. 10 .100 1.45800 Scorplon..o7
I 200 8u1wer. ..49{500 Justice... .oß|3oo KBAM.. 13
1 1900 :..... ....50 1000 Kentuck('7|7OO 9NT....V.88
200 Caleda-. .14200 Mxcn .63200 . 67
i 100 Cba1ng....61 1400 6. 1000 S Hill.. O'i
40U-.V.. ..;.... 64 300 ......;;..-61 300 Union C...47
600 Ch0ir.. .2.2U400 .......... 60 2.0 ... 46
700 CCV.. ..1.90 1000 M0n0. ...25 400 ..... . ..."48
100 1.86700 .27600 V JaOKW-38
100 1%100 ........ ....'J6 200 69
ArrEßsoos SESSION— 2:3O.
200 A1pha. ... 20200 CCV.L92%i100M0n0......37
100 19,100 ....... .1.60400 Occd 65
! 400 Alta 13 100 C0nn. ...1.65 200 ... 63
j 200 Andes.... 34i 100 1.60200 .. 62
I 300 Blchr 341100 ..1%450 OphirV.'.i'.os
\6O ....- 32500 C NY. ...05500..:... .1.07%
I 60 ...........331100 C Point_..36 900 Overman 19
200 BAB iy 300 ;u 400 P0t051...:»7
I 100 1.10,600 GAC... 67 200 ... ..- 98
i 10080die.....74 .:........ 56600 Save .."60
I 300 ) union.... 10400 HAN...1.50600 SBAM "13
! 100 8n1wer...50 100 1.47 Vi 300 d Nv. "*67
30U Cha11ge...65 .00 Justice... '2oo ... " "64
100 ........ 600 Kentuck..Oß 600 Union.. 48
100........ 6*1555....- 07?00 .. "i«
100 Cn01r2.22% 31»0 fiiex.......63 200 Utah *09
1100 ........2.25 400 ...........61300 YJcku.r.39
2000 C 1mp. .03 ______'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FKIOAY. Sept. 4-4 p. it
JltA. A tked. 1 AxkxiL
Alpha Con. ... 18 19 Jack50n........ 26 —
A1ta............ 12 13 Julia." .08 10
Ande5.;........ 33 33 Justice.."....*.^. 07 08
8e1cher........ S3 34 Kent nek... 06 07
Best A Belcher 1.10 1.16 Lad v Wash. 02 04
Ben ton C0n....' — 20 Mexican... '" 61 62
Bodie 71 73 M0n0... ' 25 .So
Bullion ;. 119 10 Nevada Queen. 03 _
8u1wer.....'.... 48 k " 49 Occidental. 61 63
Caledonia. 13 15 Ophir... .. 100 1 lv
Ch011ar........ 2.20 225 Overman-... 18 *19
Con.CalAVa.. . 1.85 1.90 t'otosi. " 96 97
Challense Con. bO 61 ravage.... '.'.'.'.'. 61 82
Con. Imperial. 02 .03 scorpion. " " 07 —
Confidence.... 1.60 I.6s;>>ec. Belcher!.. 13 14
Con New York — 06 Syndicate ..... • — 04
crown Point... S3 34 silver Hill. 02 03
K«uttSierra Nev — l>4 sierra Nevada. 52 54
KurekaCon... 25 — Union Con 46 46
Kxcheauer .... 04 05 Utah....... 08 09
Uouta<& curry. 66 67 fellow JacJtdfc ■38 39
fault Norcrs. 1.45 1.60
GOLD BUMai; KXCHAXa'!.
Champion ...... Providence "
8id....:...... ...20 00 A5ked....... 80 00
Asked ..;..... 25 00 'Savannah.'. Z
Kdna... A5ked;.;.....-;-... 48
A5ked.'.':."......*...- 36 201) uebasiopoi.. . SO
: v Grant..-. .T..V..V ■ 200..... 31
Bid ................. 25 100 ....... V...V.""'" 32
Asked.. .....;... 40 . Thorpe '.'...
Kennedy....... ■ Asked...... ..- go
8id..;:.............. 600175 Bod:e . 72
A5ked............... 8 00j100Ch011ar.;. ...'..". 25
200 LockwoodCon. 2 6 Bid Con Virginia... 190
100 .................. 27 100 Hale A Norcrs. 160
. ■ ■ Princess. lOOODhIr... .105
Asxed...:.:.^ ........ 70100 P0t05i. .....j:.; 97
■■•! Provideucu bO Savage.. — 61
8id...... .......;.... 60 00 •!,[>;■;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 4-2 T. *.
UNITED STATES BONOS.
Bid. Atked. ; Bid. Atked.
U8 45c0np..105% — U8 4«reg... — .107%
Do new issue 11 5 —
"■•■ .'.-' . KWCKLLASKOm "ox>>^.
Ca!-»tCbles». •■•'— • HI l'acßollH«* - _.
Cal £lee L 117 - Do 2d Is 65.;. ; — _
Cniral — 94 H*ORy6i. : — . 115 .
Dpnt-stex-«D 80 97% PACh By 6s. . — 107%
"tdsnL4P6sll7%— Pwl-st RR«i. — —
F4CHKK6SU — 103 Keno, WIAL : — 105
Ueary-slßss. * — 107 1 , tacto P A L.. — 102
LottAngLlis. — ' 100 SKAN PR ss. 86 " 99 .
DoUateedSi- — B5 SPRRAxiziis — 99
Mkt-stCble6s — 130 SPRRCaI6s. — -', 110%
Do«yConss.. 10 1 % 1023,4 sPRRCaIS».-; — ,—Z ,
NatVln69 lut . 93 * — ■BPBriiCalgs. — . 99v*
-.-■-.'•■■:■•-■:■■:■'-'■ : '.-.■ ■ '■ "■" ■ ■ -
NevCN R7s. 88 — SVWater6s.. 115y 8 115%
NPORR6J.IOO - SVWater4s.. 97 —
NBy Cal 6.1 ■— 100 StktnG<fcE6s — 100
NRyCalSa. — 100 Bu nst T A'l'63. — —
Oak Gas 65.. 102 — Suuer-stßs* 107% ■ — '.'-
Void Is 64..102V 81058 105 VlsaliaWCoi — —
Onaiilbua us llb3 /4 iißVfci
lv *l'im RTOI7K*.
Contra Costa 36 40 iSanJose... — ■ —
Mann C 0.... 50 53 |SprngVaUey 96% 97
c /.f FTOCKH.
Capital 17% 30 Pacino Llirht — 49%
Central- 95 — San Francsco 9«) 90%
Oat UL Ail 513, i 52 Stockton..... — *0
Pac Uaslmp. fis^ 82%
INSURANCE rtocks.
Flreman'sFdls6 — JSon 25 50
COHMKBCUL HANK STO-R1
AmerßATa — — LondonP<&A.l23% —
Anßlo-Ca1.... — 68 London ASif. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 234 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal SD«tTCoIO7%IIO Nevada — —
VtaUnaiioni. — 180 Sather B Co. — . —
SAVINGS BANK STOrltS.
OerRALCo.I2SO — ISavALoaa.. _ 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security _ 27a
Mutual. — 40 Union. Trust. 7 so —
bi'bavt'Dion — 480
bTBKKT RAILROtn
California.... 104% 108 Oak RLAIIa? — 100
Geary-st. — SO Presidio 0 —
iiarKei-au... *i% — Sutter-st — —
VOWOKK STOCKS.
Atlantic TV.. 15 — iGlantCon.... 17 18
Eastern D... 70 — Judson D..^' — —
California,... 70 — IVitorit — 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS,
Alaska Pkrs. »0 - NatVinCo.. _ -
BlknCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
Cat Cot Mills — — PacAUxPA 1 —
Edison Llghtll6% — PacEoraxUo. 98 100
Gascon — — • Pac Roll Mill — —
Lead Co. 80 100 Parf PainlCO 6% 7%
HawCASCo.. 13% 1344 PacTr.nsCo. — 24
xiutch S PCo 198/ a2O Pac TAT Co. 70 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
ai Light — 4% United U CO. - 25
BALKS — KOS.NI-Vi BVISIO*.
Board—
60 HutchinsonS P Co. 19 50
70 Market-st Railway 42 00
Street—
25 SV Water .;.."..... 96 25
$6000 8 V 4% Bonds »7 00
SAL.KS— AFTKBXOOX SKS3IOX.
Poard—
26 Contra Costa Water, s 90 SO 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial 13 75
26 do do 13 50
50 Hutchinson 8 P Co. 19 76
2 Market-st Kauway 41 50
$3000S V 6% Bonds 116 75
Mr**! —
$5000 Market-st Ry Con 6% Bond* 102 00
$9000 S V 4% Bonds 87 00
• * »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. A. and Margaret Eastman to A. P. Williams,
lots 40, 41 and 42, block j5, Lakevlew, to correct
1690 d 107: 810.
Aaron Herlnehi to George C. Wrede, lot on S cor
Yale and Mansell streets, SE 70, W 220 NE 220,
portion of block 127, University Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Mary Ann Barber to Annie Logue, lot on NW
line of Sears street, 255 NE of ■ ickles avenue, NE
26 by NVv 100, being lot 27. block 9, Sears subdi
vision, W< st End Map 2; $260. ■
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Matthew G.
Hummel, lot on S l.ne of Union street, 170 £ of
Flllmore, X 25 by S 100: $10.
J umes F. Rock to Elizabeth Rock, loton NE line
of Dore street, 140 SE of Bryant, SE 25 by NE 85;
gift.
George H. Weaver to Carrie J. Weaver, lot on W
Hneot r anchcz street, 67 S of Twenty -first, 567
by W lO.*>; $10.
G. T. Kno.'f to Edward Colligan. lot on E line of
Bryant avenue, 60 Sof Twenty- first street, S 26 by
E 75; $3000.
John A. Costello to Susanna Costello, lot on E
line of Shotwell s.reet, 96 N 01 Twenty-fifth, NT 25
by E 122:6; gift.
William H. and Lulu E. Chapman to Guardian
Loan Association, lot on S line of Twentieth
street, 100 E 01 Di mond. E 26 by 597:6; $10.
Kmma W. Shattuck (executrix estate of Charles
H. shattuck) to Solon H. Williams, lot on W line
of Homestead street, 175 S of Twenty-fifth. S 50
by W 250, promissory note of Charles H. Shat
tuck; $- — .
Isidor Glaser to Simon Glaser, lot on W line of
StocKton street, 50 N of Washington, W 125 by N
25: $10.
Edgar C. Sutliffe to William M. Roa?, lot on W
linn of J.eavenworth street, 47:6 N of Sutter, N
30:4 b\- \V 90:6; $10.
Charles W. and Mary A. Pope to Mary Jane
Depew, lot on X line of Twenty-eigh'h avenue, 245
S of Point Lobos avenue, S 90 by E 120: $10.
Samuel J. shelp r to William d. Walton, lot on
sk corner of T street and Fortieth avenue, S 150.
E 120, N 60. W 62:6, N 100, W 67:6; $10.
James K. Rock to Elizabeth dock, lot on E line
of f'oncord avenue, 100 N of Morie avenue, N 150
by E 120, lots 93, 94 and 95, Bernal Homestead;
gift.
Sr me to same, lot 1, block, 202 and lot 1, block
232.50u:h San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Associa ion; gift.
same to same, lot on X line of Orizaba street,
100 S of Lobos. E 112 by S 25, portion of lot 1,
block L. Railroad Homestesd Association; gift-
Same to same, lot on S line of Broad avenue,
310 t. of Plymouth street, ElO by S 125, portion
of lot 2, block H, same: gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Lobos street, 675
E of Plymouth, E 60 by S 126, lota 8 and 9, block
N, Railroad Homestead 2: gift.
Same to same, lot on SVV line of Telegraph or
county road, 81 HE of Ottawa avenue, NW
234. NE 80, SE 220. S\V 81, lot 14, block 2, West
End Map 1; sift.
George D. Busch to Annie Bosch, lot on SW line
of Fourth avenue South, 400 sK of B street South,
SE 50 by SW 100, portion of lot 3, block 70, sonth
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion: also lot on NE line of Fifth avenue South,
300 SE or B stree: s-outh, SE 75, NE 100, SE 26.
N . 100. N\V 100, SW 200, lots 13 and 4, and por
tion of lot 3, block 70, same; gift.
Robert Lee Beauchamp to Julia A. Beauchamp,
lot on SW ine of Fourteenth avenue, 150 NW of
P street, NW 25 by SW 100, lot 18, block 292,
O'Neil and Haley Tract; $10.
Gforge H. Weaver to Carrie J. and George L.
Weaver, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue, 160 N
of Mansell street, N 108 by W 120, lots 5 and 6.
block 17, Paul Tract Homestead: also iot on NW
corner Irving and Uirard streets. N 50 by W 120,
lot 8, block n< same: also lot on S corner Twenty
eighth avenue and H street, SK 75 by SW 100. lot
8, block 614, Bay View Homestead Association;
$10.
AIAMEDA COUNTY.
Matilda Erbenbrecber to A. A. Fink, undivided
quarter interest In lots 1 and 16, block 1, lot 2,
block 3, lot 13, block 4, lot 1, block 5, sea View
Park, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph A. Leonard Co. to XelHe Hollywood,
(wife of Joseph), lot on E line of Eagle avenue,
168 Wof Mulberry street, W 42 by H 150, block
16, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda: $10.
John U. Kiumpke to William Lauterbacb, lot on
E line of Sixth street, 40 N of Rose, N 60 by E
120, block 25, I. Ja. Wentworth Boot and shoe
Company's Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley: $5.
Andy L. Stone to Christian and Louisa Leidich,
all interest In lot on 8E line of Walnut or Grand
avenue, 63.28 NE of Sunnyside street, Sfc 140 by
NE 50. being lot 3, Marion Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Caroline M. Runkle to Elizabeth M. Muller, lot
on SE line of Charles street, 60 NE of Webster,
SK 50 by SE 100. beinr the NE y% of lots 21 at d
22, block 34. Fitchburg Homestead Tract, Brook
lyn Township; 910.
Catherine Mousiler to Aueoste Ortlon, lot on N
line of Alameda avenue, 300 E of Willow street,
X 200 by N 150, being lot 1 in E half of block B,
and lots 7. 8 and 9 in W half of block B, lands ad
jacent to Encinal, Alameda: $10.
Melvlna 8., Nellie D. and Albert B. Stevens and
Abbie 8. Carlisle (wife of H. L.) to Thomas E.
Krox and A. J. Craoo, bio k 23, bounded by Sec
ond, Third. O and P streets, Town of Llvermore,
Murray Township: $10.
Theodore Herbert to Henry Luebkeman, lot on
E line of Filbert street, 159.6 S of Twenty-fourth.
S 8 by E 125 being the N 8 feet of lot 7, block 1.
Map of survey of N Extension of Oakland, Oak
land; *10. * _ „
William and Eva Cogan to George D. Gray, lot
on W line of Linden street, 205.6 SW of Twelfth,
S 32 by W 150, block 56a, uakland; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
John F Schomer with J. Bucher, to erect a two
story fram? building on SE corner of Twenty
four h and Shotwell streets; $4735. Martens A
Coffey, architects.
Charles S. and Ida M. Osborn with t>. McLeod.
to erect a one-story frame cottage on W iine of
Eighth avenue, 170 S of J street; $1315. Archi
tect contractor.
THE CALL CALENDAR
Skptembib, 1896.
iv. Mo. Tn. W. Th. Fr. Sa. Moon's Phase:
12 3 4 5 49k : New Moon
I _^_ *& Sepu 7.
0 7 8I 9 10 11 12 /-^\Firs: Qnartei
. - . Sept. 13. ...
13 14 16 16 17 18 19 -. Full M^!
: —— ; vgA : Sept. 21.
20 21 2'i 23 24 25 2« —
/p\Last Quarter
" : Sept. 29.
27 28 129 30 V
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bbanch Hyuhookaphic Offick, U. S. N %
Mebcha.vts' Kxchajjok !-
Ban Fbancisco, September 4, 1896 j
The time i.ali on lelesr*Dh Hill was dronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon ofthel-JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. * Greenwich time.
A. F. Jkchtelek.
Lieutenant U. S. N. in cli,ir«i-.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE,
STKAKBR
I
Feom
DDK
Ailceßlanchard Oregon ports
P0m0na........ jHanibold; Bay....*""'
North Fore... Huoiboldt Bay
Eureka.......... Newport. .'. " "-**""
5.in8en1t0...... iTacoma. "'. '■-■'"
Truckee.... .... Coos 8ay "..... \7.".:". 1"
Suite of Cal..;. Portland..;;...-.... . ***
mat ilia. ....'. Victoria* Pii'seV sound
Crescent City... Crescent City °..
Bama R05a....; San Dieso ...'•.„
Wec0tt......... Kel River.'...:....".!.'."!'
Ara*o .....:.... Coo Bay.-..;;. ... ..!!!'
Newport Pantma.
Newsboy..;.... Tll.amoo*.. '.'.'.'. '."" "
Yaqu1na... ...... ! Seattle •
Coos Bay .-..'... ! Newport.. . - " *!'!'*"
City of Peking.. China and Japan.. .".""
Slaclclnaw. ■; Tacoroa..... ..
Kara110a........ Yaqulna 8ay.....'.".!"."
C0r0na......^... .-an D1r^0. . .........
Del Norm.. 1..'..1 ..'.. Grays Harb0r........ ' '
City Paebla.-.;. Victoria <& Puget Sound
C01umbia....... Portland . -
..sept 5
..Kept 6
..Kept 5
..Sept 6
Sept 6
..Sept 6
..Sept 7
.'.Sept 7
..*ept 7
..Sept x
..Sept 8
..Sept- 9
..Sept; 9
..^ept 9
..sept 9
-sept 10
..Sept 10
. . Sept 1 0
..Sept 11
:;>sei.i 12
..s ( -pt is
..Sept 19
..sept, 12
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date n of Departure From San Franclgco
STEAM
Columbia.
An-aia ..'.:.
ABlancbard
Pomona ...
Walla Walla
Corona
"True tee ....
Colon
Eureka
Werott
State ot Ual.
San?» Rosa.
UmatlUa....
Ara^o
Coos 8ay.. . .
Farallon....
DESTINATION: | SAILS. | PIKrT",
Portland .. (Sept 6.1 (Jam Pler'.u~*
Oregon ports Sept 5.10 ah Plero*
Urecon nors.. Sept 5. 6pm j Pier is
Humboldtßay i Sept 6, Vim i Pier >
Vie at I'gi Sna Sept a 9am I Pier 9
-an Diego I Sept 6.1 1a . Pier U
Coos 8ay...... Sept 8, Ipm Pier ß
Panama .. .... Sept 8.12 m PM S 3
Newport Sept 8. I'm Pier 1 1
Kel mver..... sept 9. spj« Plerl.t
Portland ...... | Sept 10. Pier i\
San Dieiro.... . |BepUailAM PierlL
\ ic<t PgtSnd Septil. 9am Pier 9
Coos Bay : >eptl I.loa I Pier 13
Newport.:.... |Sepil2. Pam ; Pier II
Yaqulna Bar. Septl3. Ham | Pier i
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Stjbvkt Tidbl
Bulletin- Pitbi-ishkd by Official V
AUTHORITY OF TUESOPEBINTK.>DItN-T. j
Saturday. September 6
Sunrises.., : 5.44' Moon rises 3.16A1f
Sun sets tf.33jM.oon sets
September— l 996.
s|Tlmei Feot TWrie Fe»t |^ne| Feei !Tlme F(wt
5j I, W H W L W[ TT~W
"3 8.54|— 0.V5110 55 6.2 3 611 O~ITKb fiU
6 4.82-0.1 11.20 6.4 4.40 2.0 10 48 i 6 0
7 5.11 0.1 11.47 6.5 ! 6.2S 1.5 1L4?) §«
8 6.65 0.5 12.18 5.7 6.16 10,
H \V| L W : H W L"\v
9 0.30 5.6 6.86 1.0 12.46 5.7 7.02 0 7
10.1.29 5.4 7.12 1.61 1.22 5.8 7.54 05
11 2.35 5.0 7.61 2.2 2.01 5.9 8.54 03
>otk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morniug tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of tbe day in the
order of occurrence aj to lime. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tbe
height, and then the number given is subtractivs
from the depth ci yen bs - the char's
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY, September 4.
Stmr Corona, Hall, 60 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
& Co.
S.mr Santa Cruz. Nicolson, 11 hours from Moss
Landing: produce, to Good all, Perkins <fc Co.
Stmr Navarro, Miller, 38 hours from Cres
cent. City, via Trinidad — hours: pas* and mdse,
to Gray & Mitchell.
Nor stmr. Peter Jebsen, Hansen. 4 days
from Nanaimo; 4541 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 48 hours from
Point Arena; baric and wool, to Bender Bros.
6c.hr uotama, Brtssem, 6% days from Coos Bay;
M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Etta B, Bourne, 10 hours from Fort Ross:
25 bxß butter, 28 cans cream, to Ross A Hewlett.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. September 4.
Brstmx Cedar Branch, Bltson, Hall; OW Mo
Near.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, Nanaimo; Oregon
Imp Co.
Stmr Columbia. Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. ' . i ■ .
Bark Colorado, Gibson, Chemalnus; Williams,
Brown & Co. ' .
Sailed.
FRIDAY. September 4.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay. ■. . -^
Stmr Farailon. Roberts, Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Lacuna, Peterson.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro.
. Btmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes. Nanaimo.
StmrSunol, VValvlg, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. Port Kenyon.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Br sb p Almora. Thompson, Queenstown.
■ Schr Mary Etta, Zaddart, Collins Landing. ■
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 4—lo r. m.— Weather
foggy: wind SW; velocity 18 miles.
Charters.'
The Br ship John Cooke is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 2tss 3d net.
Tne ship Eclipse loads mdse at this port for
Kobe, lump sum.
! Spoken. ■ ' .;. ; ' ■. .-.'■
Aus 24— Lat S3 N, long 19 W, Br ship Sierra
Ventana, from Cardiff, for San Diego.
Domestic Ports.
ALBlON— Arrived Sept. 4— Stmr Empire, hence
Sept 2. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 3— Bktn Klllcitat,
for Honolulu, and not bktn Katie Flick Inge as
previously reported. V
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Sept 4— bark
Dunfion, from Nagasaki.
- NKW WHATCOM- Arrived Sept f— Scar Mary
E Buss, from Kahului. .-.--■
FORT BRAGG— Sept 4— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 3.
PORT BLAKELF.Y— Sept 4-Bktn Ame
lia, for Honolulu.
MENDOCINO- Arrived Sept 4-Schr W 8
Phplps. hence Aug SI. .. • :
USAL— Sailed Sept 4— Btmr Protection, for Re
dondo.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 4— Stmr North Fork, fot
San Francisco.
ROCK PORT— Sept 4— Stmr Caspar, for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 4— Stmr Alcazar.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Sept 4-Stmr Cleone
hence Sept 3.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Ang 30.
Foreign Forts.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Ang 25— Bktn Be
triever, for Puget sound.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Sept I— Br ship Ulenburn,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Sept 3— Br bark
Edlnbnrsbsbtre, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept 2— Br stair China, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Pern, hce
Au« 17.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Sept 4— Baric Oregon, for
San Francisco. .
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, from Hamburg; stmr St Paul, from
Southampton: stmr Taosmina, from Hamburg;
stmr Campania, from Liverpool; stmr Island, frm
Copenhagen.
balled Sept 4— Stmr H H Meier, for Bremen;
stmr State of California, for Clasgow.
GENOA— Arrived out Sept 4— Stmr Fulda.
SWINEMUNDE- Arrived out Sept 4-Stmr
Virginia.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 4— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Sapt 4— Stmrs Warn and
Ethiopia, for New York.
Importations.
SALINAS-Per Santa Crnz-6619 ska barley, 90
sks rype. .
Watsonvllle— lß7s sks oats.
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 4o hf-bbls 11 qr-bbls
pickled fish, 5 bdU gluestock, 3 bxs oranges, 66
bdlsdry fish, 2 bugzles, 8 cs honey. 1 sic beeswax,
3 kits mackerel, 240 pkgs mdse, 95 bxs lemons, 4
pkgs earthenware, 8 bxs limes, 3 horses, 15 sks
raisins. 1 bx hardware, 136 Ddls hides and pelts,
14 bxs plates. 3 bxs tobacco.
Newport— SO bxs lemons, 60 sks peanuts, 73 ska
dried apricots, 4105 sks barley.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 29 cs pickles. 14 pkgs
mdse, I. bbls 4cs hams, 30 tierces 20 cs lard, 10
bbls beet 1 cs drags.
Port Los Angeles— 6 bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via Port . Los Angeles— 3 cs cheese,
18 bxs oranses. 18 PKgs mdse. 60 bbls wine.
Redondo— l pkg mdse. 2 bxs see I, 1 bupgy, 10
bxs oranges, 2 pKgs harness. "2 horses.
Santa Barbara— lls% bxs lemons, 1 bbl tallow.
19 bdls dry polls. 138 bdls hides, 7 pkgs mdse. 2
bxs fish, 7 sks crawfish, 1 horse.
Santa Maria— lo64 sks barley, 161 sks wheat,
404 sks beans. 7 sks mustard.
San Luis Obispo-784 sks barley.
Los Olivos— B9B sks wheat.
Mpomo— Bl7 sks beans, 1014 sks barley, 444 tks
Oats. '
Harris— sks wheat
Port. Harford— 294 pkgs mdse, 3 coops chickens.
26 cs eggs, 2 cs melons. 21 dressed calves, 1 coop
ducks, •2coop3Eeo.se, 11% bxs butter. 1 bx rock,
1 coop poultry, 1 ca cheese, 67 bxs apples, 17 bxs
pears, 1 bx prunes, 3 bdls bags. 83 bdls hides. 1
bbl mineral water, 1 bbl tallow, 18 bxs fish. 6 bdls
pelts.
- CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City -1 tank,
94 bxs butter, 36 cs meats. 1 cs sundries, 55 empty
kecs, 1 cs candy, 4 cs glass, 245 M ft lumber.
Trinidad— 7oo M shingles.
Consignees.
Per Santa Cruz— Thomas Watson: HDutard; O
W McNear.
Per Corona- Pacific Coast Fish Co; Sacramento
Fish Co; American Union Fish Co: Italian Fish
Mer< hants: H Kirchmann * Co ; Blssinger A Co;
Brilliant, Hoppe&Co; Dodge, Sweeney Co; S If.
Merrlam: Enterprise Brewery: H HeckmanACo;
Milwaukee Brewery: Dodee. Sweeney <fc Co: Her
man Waldeck; Buffalo Brewery; BGRuhl&Co;
Russ, Sanders & Co. Dairymen's Onion: Marshall
A Reimers: C X Whitney <fc Co; Western Meat Co;
Hinner. Bredhoff <&Scnulz: Wheaton. Breon 4; Co:
Witzel & Baker; Labor Exchange; Jonn ilarte;
L Q Sresovich & Co; C SchtsKia: -insheimer Bros;
ED Dougherty; Wl«l.*nd Brewing Co; H Dutard;
Moore, Ferguson & Co ; J P Thomas: Halght:
Russ, Sanders & Co; Geo «.: Perkins; F Daneri; F
Cavagnaro: United st.i Brewery: Harris Stein:
Strauss <fe Co: A Flelsbaker Co; Geo W Hams;
L D Stone A Co: ' Strauss & Co: Chas Abranams;
J Zentner A Co; A Paladlni: Wetmore Bros: W a
Newhall; C J Heygeny:. J Ivancovich A Co: Pac
Rolling alllls: LScatena & Co: American Type
foundry: Henry Lauderr.an; A Schilling A Co; C
Schilling: E J Bowen <fe Co; Gray A Barbierl: S P
Tuttle: Sus-iinan. Wormser A to; cal Powder
Works: 31 Adelsdorrer: Behlow; Pii Ames &
Co; J W Esters';' Eveloth<& Nash; Dalton Bros;
W C Price & Co- S : Jacobs: sussman. Waters A
Co: ; A mer Cart Acid Gas Co: W B Sumner & Co:
M SSlmasi.HO Greenhood: M P Kuhloi-rg & Co;
Pacific Sheet Music Co: T J O'Connor; : L Maude;
San Francisco Calcium Ligkt Co: V W Karretson;
W Chamberlain: M Befteran; I' C Knapp; Chas
Te;zcn: Levl Spiegel &Co: A Gain Iniil Co: R H
i.. i-rson: Minaker «S Welbanks; Wolf A Son;
Ncnstad.er: liro* -■' - ■ ■ .
- Per Navarro— Norton, Teller & Co: FBHaight;
Irvine Jiros: C E Whitney Co: O B Smith * Co;
H timer. Breithoff it schulz; ■ Simpson Lumber Co;
Smith's Cash Store: Russ, Sanders & Co; Broad
way Brewery; Thomas Loughraa: Healdsburg and
Sonoma Commercial Co; Gray <& Mitchell: Mrs
OBe 1: Standard Oil Co : Sherry, Avilia & Co: H O
Woldiro: Hllmer, Bredhoff <St atchulz; C Kobisk»t
A Hrom&do; Chicago Brewery, :Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
DALTON REPLIES
TO HIS ACCUSERS
Messrs. Morehouse' and
Beamer Criticized
by Him.
SAYS LECKY WAS HIRED
By the Aid of the Ex-Assessor
It Was Hoped to "Do Up"
Dalton Forever.
INVITES MOREHOUSE TO COURT
Says State Equalizers Should Get Down
to Facts and Figures on
Assessments.
Oakland Offick Saw Fbancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Sept. 4. f
Assessor Dalton has replied to Messrs.
Beamer and Morehouse's remarks on the
assessment of Alarneda County.
In a long statement published this after
noon, which is an interesting compen
dium of facts and wit, with clever touches
of sarcasm sprinkled throughout, Mr.
Dalton takes up each statement or mis
statement of the State Equalizers.
"The whole business is Southern Pacific
politics." said Mr. Dalton to-day. "More
house has said that I made a jingo cam
paign ana pledged that I would reduce
taxes 25 per cent. I did do so, and re
ferred to the fact that if the railroad
property was assessed in the same propor
tion as a workingman's little nome taxes
could be reduced fully 25 per cent in tnis
county. I do not fear tne statements of
the men at Bacramenio. The more they
say the better it is for me. lam indebted
to them for their opposition. It helped to
elect me."
In tvs signed statement Mr. Dalton says,
after an introduction :
It Is said, "Many Oakland merchants, known
to be doing a bnslness of thousands of aonars
a year, are not assessed for one penny's worth
of solvent credits, and but few of these even
went to the trouble to prepare statements."
Of course I have no means of knowing irom
whom you received your Information, but that
makes no difference, for, as a matter of fact, it
is not true. And I am sure that even Equalizer
Beamer, who claims to know somuch&Dout
Alameda County and really knows nothing at
all— l am sure that even Equalizer Beamer can
not, even in his most enthusiastic moments
prove the contrary.
As another matter of cold fact my assess
ment of personal property is $1,04*2 126
greater than the amount assessed by the last
Assesfor of Alameda County, the man whom
Equalizer Boamer hired to "do Dalton up." Do
you think that our merchants are any more
prosperous, carry any larger stocks or have a
larger amount of solvent creditors in 1896
than they did in 1894? I don't.
It is said: "The most interesting assess
ment, however, is that of certain property in
which Henry P. Dalton possesses an interest."
It is true that the Henry Dalton & Sons
Company, of which I am a member, has a
paid-up capital of $100,000; and it is also true
that all the assessment aeainst that company
or any of its members is $9575. And that assess
ment is a fair one for all the property of th.
company, or any or all of its meinbe/3 in tho
county of Alameda. You perhaps did not know
(end Equalizer Beamer seems equally igno
ran') that the Dalton Company holds property
in other States, and that the above assessment
covers only the property held by the company
in thie State, except a small holding in San
Francisco. Furthermore, I made
ment to the Board of Equalization in response
to Mr. Bearaer's question.
"If others are assessed as he hfis assessed
himself and relatives," is is said, "it would
"look as if considerable property had escaped
taxation." Hac! Equalizer Beamer displuyea
as much enemy in looking after the .
merits of the .Southern Pacific of Kentucky as
he did in looking u;> (under the tutelar* 01 my
predecessor in office) the mares' nest of the
Dalton Company the State treasury would
have been enriched many thousands of dol
lars.
As for the interview with Equalizer More
house, as it appeared in the Bee. there Is not
much to say, except to remark that Mr. More
house is talking, as he usually does, "through
his hat." But I will say that wlien Eanalizer I
Morehouse says or intimates that 1 mude
assessments to punish anyDody he says what
even Mr. Morehouse shall not be allowed to
bay without receiving a Roland for his Oliver.
And when Equalizer Morehouse intimates
that I did not require from every resident tax
payer in the county of Alameda the statement
required by law, he states what he should
know is "the thing that is not." If he does
not know that the contrary of his insinuation
is true, he certainly Is not doing his sworn
duty as an officer of the State. Mr. Morehouse
would be only too glad to aid in removing me
from office, if he thought for a moment that he
could prove that I had been guilty of so palp- i
able a malfeasance in office as not to follow
the law in the matter of requiring staterr>euts. j
Com?, Mr. Morehouse. the courts are ai
disposal, as they are at tho disposal of ail
honest men.
And Equalizer Beamer, too, the gentleman 1
who was so anxious to have it appear that he
was not all the time tied to the coat-tails of
my predecessor in office while he was "equal-
\ z . xn S th e property in Alameda County— even
Mr. Beamer says that he thinks the assess
ments of Alameda County are too low. And |
all he can say to bolster up his assertion is his 1
own say so that Alameda County is assessed
too low. Since when has Mr. Beamer become
50 virtuous? Has he forgotten how anxious
he was to find something (anything) that j
would tend to show how unfair Dalton'!
ment was? Did he ever show any desire to
gain ft true iusight into the couditiou.of affairs
in Alßmeda County? Perish the thought!
Equalizer Beamer is not built on a gauge as
broad as that. What he did do was to attach
himself to the coat-tails of the man whom I
defeated for Assessor, and, under his leader
ship, endeavor to weave a spell of misrepre
sentation and unfair statements around my
work.
One stntement of Equalizer Beamer i? a fair
example of his urgument to prove that Aia- :
meda County is uuder-asse^sed. And that is !
that "in about nine cases out of tea Mr. Dalton
has cut dowr tbe value of improvements, and
I cannot see why this should have been done
except to popularize Mr.;Dalton with those by
means of whose votes he expects to be retained
in office." No doubt Mr. Beamer is of the opin
ion that improvements never depreciate in
value end that n building built twenty years
ago is just as valuable as one buiit last year.
It n:ay be so in the county whence Mr.
Beamer comes, but It is not so in Alameda
County. Ami if it be proof to Mr. Beamer of
my desire to gain votes that I cut down
the assessments of old improvements, why,
1 don't know of any means at my command to
improve his wit or equalize his understand
ing. But J. would advise Mr. Beamer in all
seriousness not to talk that way if he should
ever be so unfortunate as to be brought before
a commission on lunacy.
As the rest of Mr. B -amor's argument is of
equal luminosity with that quoted above, and
as his assertions as to my deeds of omission
and commission are simply the uncorroborated
assertions of Mr. Beamer, I think it is safe to i
say, in conclusion, that when Mr. Beamer re- j
i covers his reason and gets down to statements |
His Grace Rt. Rev. Archbishop Riordan Speaking to a Large Andience in the Handsome Macdonough
Theater, Oakland, on " The Catholic Church and Progress/ v
of fact and deals less in romance concerning
affairs in Alameda Count?, it will be time to
pay some attention to his statements.
Henby P. Dalton,
Assessor of Alameda County.
ENDEAVORERS' WORK.
Regular Quarterly Convention to Be
Held Friday Afternoon and
livening,
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 4.— The thir
teenth quarterly convention of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union wiii be
held in the Firat .Presbyterian Church next
Friday afternoon and evening. The pro-
I gramme will be us follows:
Call to order. 3 p. M., Presidents. W.Condon;
; praise services: devotional exercises, led by
tent; violin solo. Miss Sticitney: "Prac
tical, Profitable Methods of Bible Study," Rev.
! C. C. lierriott; solo, Miss Koweua Robb; "The
I Associa*s Member Problem," an open <iiscus
l sion; song; conferences— committees, cor
responding secretaries, junior superintend
ents; basket lunch.
7:30 p. m.— Opening song service, led by
FranK Argall; reports from committee confer
ences; H^-ltft Upsilon Quartet, Messrs. EUston,
E'.lston, Elision and Argall; responsive read
ings ana prayer, Rev. H. A. Ketchum, D.D.;
soio, Miss oussie Must, graduate of California
State Institute for the Blind; missionary ad
dress. Jlev. Son Nam Art; Delta Upsilon Quar
tet, Messrs. Kllstou, Bllston, Ellston and Ar
gall: address, Mrs. Dr. heattie oi Santa Clara:
consecration song; consecration service, led
bf Rev. 11. D. iirasefield; Mizpah. The leaders
of the committee on conference are: Lock
out, H. A. Wastrell; prayer meetinir,
Warner: temperance. Rev. H. D. Braseneld;
social, W. \v. Kaye; junior superintendent,
Mrs. Lillie Baxlty; press asid corresponding
secretaries (joint), A. R. Waters aud Miss A. M.
Flint.
The public is cordially invited to be
present.
Good-Sized Execution.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 4. — Sheriff
W hue w;iS given an execution this after
noon to Kvy on George B. Montgomery
tliewenliuy Salvationist. It is for $12 500
judgment piven J. W. Tompkins and his
wife, Emma A. Tompkins, on May 1 for
I injuries received in a runaway aL his re
sert at Cazadero, where Mrs. Tompkins
was badly injured. The costs and inter
est amount to $252 90.
Pastor Resigns.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 4.— Rev. M. Mc-
Bride of the Golden Gnte Presbyterian
Church has resigned his pastorate after
six years continual serv.ee. The action
comes as a complete surprise to his con
gregation. The family ii held in high es
timation by tbe entire community. His
luture course is as yefc unknown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896,
THE CHURCH
AND PROGRESS
Able Address of Archbishop
Riordan in the Mac
donough Theater.
AN OAKLAND AUDIENCE.
Response to a Request of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society.
THE THEORY OF PROGRESS.
It Is Exclusively a Christian
Idea That Man Is Pro
gressive.
Oakland Office San Fbascisco Call,)
908 Kroadway, Sept. 4- j
Archbishop Riordan, in response to a
I request of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Boci
' I ety, lectured at the Macdonough Theater
! this evening on the Catholic church ana
i progress.
John Lynch, ex-grand president of the
|Y. M. 1., introduced those who contrib
uted to the entertainment of the evening,
and on the platform were a majority of tne
priesthood oi the county.
Rev. Father King was introduced as
I chairman of the evening. In a few well
j chosen sentences he introduced the Most
' Rev. Archbishop Riordan.
During the past few years we have been
charged with many things, said the Arch
bishop. We have teen charced with being
i enemies of government,* of liberty, of educa
-1 lion, ami more especially of progress. Must of
have been retuted, but the idea still
; han?s among non-Catholic« that we are still
'■ Ihe enemies of progress. While it is generally
1 I admitted that the Catholic church whs a
j potent factor in civilization when humanity
i was in its cradle, whenever that was, still it Is
j stated that we have outlived our usefulness
, and are athiiig of :he past. In all parts of the
• world to-day we are called names signifying
I obstructionists. In English we arc wUd to be
; ultramontane— they live beyond the mountain.
; Non-Cathoi:cs, on the other hand, are called
! progress lonists, reformers, scientists; and there
, ! is, I must say, a powerful Instinct in the solu
tion of a name, and the power sticks to it.
It is common for controversialists to accept a
great name for themselves and to fix a mean
repulsive name on their antagonists. This is
so witn tiie word progress. Take the word re
; form, which was given to the sixteenth cen
; tury movement and '.vhlch wascallea ti,<
, niatioa. ll'.ouKanus of reformers di.J not
know what the Reformation was, still they fol
i lowed their leaders blindly, it is like the dry
at this day of geld and silver, and not one in
5000 knows what the terms mean. Now take
ilie uine.eenth century. The word in
upon its banner is the word "Progress." You
cannot say anything more valuable of a mar. i
or a city than to nay he or it "is progressive "
i The great cry of non-Catholics is that the I
! Catholic ciurch is a non-progressive church !
1 and that it is an enemy to all advanced modern j
! Civilization. It has beon charged that the i
j Tope has issued an edict that it is impossible to
i reconcile modern civilization ; ; :wi th" church
! and everything that cm be circulated of alike
I nature is s»nt broadcast over Ihe "World.
Is it true that the Catholic church is an
: enemy to progress? Does the Catholic church
I belor:- y to the past? or is it not true
: that the civilisation we now enjoy is the
I direct action of Catholic truth upon society?
No church acts directly upon society, Tne
! Christian church acts on the individual. It
I has nothing to do in the political sphere. No
church act;, or ought to act, except upon the
individual. I;, enlightens a man's mind, trees
him from tne service of the lower passions. 1 1
ther.-fore tends to make him a good man, a
I good citizen and a good ruler to those whom
; he is called upou to command. This Infiuer.ee
renc:s> on everything he does, and we are told
I that this reaction makes him dangerous to
j^ modern society. Movement is not progress.
A man or a treadmill moves, but not progress.
Progress is a movement from one point 10 an
other. Therefore there is no progress in God.
He is perfect, therefore there is no progress in
him. Therefore the word cannot be used in
regard to the creator, but only the created.
The fixed point from which we start to pro
gress must be ourself. The other fixed point
is God. No other theory of progress can be
evolved. This is an age of natural progress,
man is vindicating his right to govern things
made for him and which he is given the privi
lege of controlling.
It is exclusively a Christian idea that man is
progressive. No Dagan ever dreamed of prog
ress either of the individual or the state.
With them the light was in the past and the
darkness in the future." Dogmatic protesta
tion, as it was elaborated'in the brain of its
founder, could not establish a theory of prog
ress—because it was founded on the destruction
of the very principles of progress. The Protet
tant nations have attained to a high order
of progress since the Reformation, but no man
to-day in the Protestant church believes in
the doctrines of Protestantism as laid out by
its founders.
This may be a sign of progress, but I am
not pronouncing judgment. People must
think for themselves.
There are two elements of progress in this
century. First, the sense of personal inde
pendence — mail's value as a man, not as a
member of society. The doctrine of all men
being equal before God laid the foundation
for the declaration that all men have political
rights. I am not going to speak about woman
suffrage. I will say that I have read a great
deal about it, but have not read a sinsle argu
ment against it that was worth considering.
About the strongest argument that I have
heard against giving woman the privilege of
voting is that she cannot become a policeman,
as though to become a policeman is the high
est object of man's ambition and anybody who
could not be v policeman should not vote.
There was no dignity of labor before the
dawn of Christianity. Christ was the first
white man to take a slave by the hand and
liberate him from his chains, and at that mo
ment the abolition of slavery was proved to be
a fundamental principle of the Christian re
ligion.
The Catholic church Is the great exemplar
of true democracy, because all the offices in
its gift, including that of the Pontiff at Rome,
are within the reach of the very lowest in
the social scale. European progress really
commenced with tho teachings of those noble
men who went all over Europe and founded
monasteries, for it was within the monastery
walls that the progress of this age was fos
tered and made possible. The Catholic
church, with its democratic teachings, is
leavening society, because it is teaching that
men arc equal here on earth as well as before
(iod.
Now comes the second element All poli
tical government conies immediately from the
people land nil political honor is in trust
to bo secured for the good of the country.
Liberty is the monopoly of no class. This is the
grnr.t acquisition of the nineteenth century.
The Catholic church has nothinn antagonistic
to this principle. 1 contend that this is the
doctrine that has been promulgated by the
t'atnulic church. The principle is coaval with
('nristianity. The Catholic church abolished
servility and made patriotism a Christian duty.
This has been proclaimed by the church from
the time of the earliest fathers. Magna
Charta, to which we have addad hardly any
thing, was forced upon an unwilling king by
the Catholic barons. Tho great teven princi
ples of our constitution, with the exception of
the religious privileges, were brought about
by Magna Charta. To its six provisions we
have added but one— religious freedom. This
is all the progress made in constitutional
liberty since Runnymede.
liWriters should not forget that the Catholic
church was always employed for the poor
against the rich, and during the middle ages
the only check on the despotic power of royalty
was that o( the church. The thunder of the
Vatican and the dread of excommunication
were the great preservers of the liberty and
equality of man. The principles of liberty
were gradually developed during tne middle
ages, and always under the protection of the
Roman Pontiff. To the principles of Magna
! Charta we have added religions freedom.
Where did we cet it? Not from the thirteen
: original colonies. At the time of the Revolu
i tion nine of the thirteen had tests against
j Catholics. Even in Pennsylvania lavs dis
! criminated against us. At|that time it had
; not dawned upon the colonists that all men
were equal and should be free to worship as
they Dleased. The only exception was the
Catholic colony of Maryland. After the Revo-.
lution many of the colonies did not repeal
their religious laws. The religious freedom
clause In the constitution came as a necessity
for recognizing the debt due to Catholics for
their part in the war, to the Spanish and
French who aided in various ways and as a
concession to the large noD-religious element
of which Jefferson was the head. The names
of our forefathers were prominent in the
eieroic days of the Revolution ana they will
ever remain so in our history.
This wave of anti-Catholic bigotry that has
; swept this land for a few years has spent its
j force. We cannot help our growth, as we are
I only following the laws of nature. AU this
I controversy has done good. Many now have j
their eyes opened and have acknowledged^
thnt they are sorry that they ever took a part I
in so ignoble a controversy. Otners have been j
; set thinking and have come to the conclusion \
that we were a part and a very worthy part of '
those who laid the foundation of this great !
Republic.
Because we worship in different churches
shall we meet in hate on the street arid in our
places <>t business ? Should we pass each other
by and not extend the hand oi friendship? No, !
rathes let us look upon the honest and vir- !
tuous and good ot all classes as being part of
one great brotherhood and then we can sing
the great civic song:
My country 'tis ot thee,
Sweet land of liberty,
Ot th*e I sing.
A WILD RIDE.
George Downey's Experience With a
Runaway Team.
GOLDEN GAIE, Cal.. Sept 4.— George
Downey, a driver of a large four-horse
meat wagon for the Grayson, Owens Com
pany, met with a serious accident Wednes
day afternoon. He was return inj» from
Oakland and had reached the bridge near
the Dietz place, when one of the horses
Jell, thiowine him to the ground under
their feet. He managed to grasp the pole
and clung there as the horses ran in their
frit' lit.
The team ran several hundred yards
and swerving from the road broke loose
from the wagon. Downey hung on until
the final windup, when he was thrown off
and had bis right arm broken so that he
will be laia up for some time.
"Mr*. Booth Coining.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept 4.— Mrs. Bal
lingion Booth of the Volunteers of Amer
ica, the off-shoot of the Salvation Army
is to be in Oakland this month and will
Bpeak at the exposition building October L
KELLER WANTS A
PRACTICAL TEST,
Would Institute a Road-
Making Contest for
Supervisors.
THINKS HE WOULD WIN,
Hard Times Have Produced an
Incongruous Crowd of
Office-Seekers.
AXE WAITING FOR THE CALL.
The County Committee to Meet To-
Morrow to Decide the Conven*
tion Details.
Oakland Oftice Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept 4. )
P. J. Keller, roadmaster, and by cour
tesy Mayor of Piedmont, has issued a
novel challenge to his fellow-candidates
for the office of Supervisor of the Fourth
District.
Times being hard and many men being
out of permanent employment, it nat
urally follows that there are more than
enough candidates to fill all offices. In
fact there are enough to fill the vacancies
of half a dozen counties, bat as all the
candidates are strangers to the chief busi
ness of road-making Mayor Keller thinks
there should be a practical and public test
of 'their fitness to carry out the main part
of a Supervisor's auty.
"I will furnish all the material and
horses and plows and carts," said Kel
ler to-day, "and I want each one of us to
make a hundred yards of road in the
roughest Dart of the district. The man
who can make the ben road should be the
one who will get the Republican nomina
tion, which of course means election.
"We have too much politics and too
little road-making ability in our Surier
visors, and it is time we had a change.
During the next four years there are miles
of road to be made in our district, and we
don't want some young fellows who have
never done anything more practical than
sitting at a desk to spend our taxes. Give
us a chance to show what we can do and I
have an idea who will come out on top
Why, some of the candidates who have
announced themselves would not know
how to begin. Just give them a few men
and a cart and see the fun."
The competitors of Mr. Keller are:
Frank J. Woodward, Dudley C. Brown, J.
E. Johnstone, T. W. Le Ballister and W.
H. Friend.
To see these men competing in a road
making contest would prove a greater
drawing-card than a circus. It is doubt
ful if Mr. Friend could steer a road-scraper,
or Mr. Woodward could use a surveying
machine, or Mr. Brown level rock, or Mr.
Le Ballister ride a roller. Mr. Johnstone
nes been Supervisor for a couple of years,
and has already demonstrated what he
does not know.
The Republican County Committee will
meet to-morrow and will issue a call for
the county convention. It has been re
ported that an attempt will be made to
district the county in the interests of cer
tain candidates, but as the committee is
not doing any talking such reports are
necessarily premature.
It is "not at all unlikely that there will be
many independent candidates.
U, C, FOOTBALL BEGINS.
First Work of the Season of
1896 Began Yesterday
Afternoon.
Prcspects Favorable for a Good Fresh
man Team— Freshmen En
tertained.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 4.— A dozen
sturdy college men attired in strongly
made suits, heavy, solid shoes and blue
and gold stockings went down from Har
mon gymnasium this afternoon to the
football grounds. With them they had a
brand new inflated pigskin bat;. Ran
sorae, the leader of the party, tossed the
ball into tbe air and let drive at it with his
well-trained right leg. The ba<r was sent
far above the surrounding treetops and
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castpria.
fell at least seventy-five yards from where
it left the great full- back's foot. Thus the
football season of 1896 at tbe State Univer
sity was opened. With a yell the entire
crowd ran after the ball, ami the tint real
training for the great Thanksgiving inter
collegiate game was commenced. For an
hour and a qnarter the players kicked and
tossed the ball on the hard field with a
vim that would do credit to men who had
trained rigidly for weeks.
After their exercise they went to the
"eym" and were rubbed down by their !
trainer. The football season at Berkoley
had really opened.
On next Monday the newly appointed
advisory committee will outline plans for
the season's training. They will at least
decide upon what shall be done until the
coming of Coach Butterworth, which will
be on October 1. The line-players will re
ceive their suits next Monday afternoon I
and will commenc gymnasium work at
once, but will not go down to the lield for
ten days. The men back of the line will
continue to practice on the field daily
until the big game. The field will be left
as it is at the present time until about the
25th of September, when it will be plowed
and roiled and made ready for team work.
Manager Reinhan.lt stated this after
noon that a fre>hman came with Stanford
WU almost an assured tuing, though the '■
date has not yet Deen set. In speaking of ;
the possibilities of a pood freshman team
he said that there were enough experi
enced men in the "00" class to put up a
lively game. He named the following
men as being possibilities for the "00"
team: Left end, Toland; tackle, Allen ;
guard, Barnes; center, Bird sail: guard,
Cornish; tackle, Foster; end, Graham:
quarter, Bmythe; left half, W hippie;
right half, Anderson; full, Dickie.
After the Battle.
BERKELEY, Cal., Bept. 4.— As a result
of last night's fight at the Crescent Ath
letic Club rooms both Putzker and Evers
are going about the streets with discolored
optics. Putzker wants to tight again and
get a decision, as last night o affair ended
in a draw because of the interference of
the Town Marshal. Evers does not seem
disposed to meet his rival acain.
Tbere was considerable talk on the
streets to-day a ainst the action of Mar
shal Lloyd in stopping the two tights, but
the local press came out with long edi
torials commending his static! and urging
that no more prizeiiguts be permitted in
the classic precincts of Berkeley.
No Holiday Monday.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 4.— The State
University will not observe next Monday
aaa holiday, though it is National Labor i
day. Tbe non-observance of (his day is I
contrary to precedent at the university, as
all sessions of the institution were closed
last year on National Labor day.
The (State Labor day, which occurs on
the fir3t Monday in October, will be ob- !
served, and the excuse for not observing
next Monday also, is that the university's
close connection with the State, obliges it
to give preterence to the State holiday.
Surgical Ward Fund Benefit.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 4. — A grand
entertainment and garden fete will be
given at the residence of Mrs. Ben Morgan
on the last Saturday of September for tbe
purpose of raising funds lor the benefit of
tLe Berkeley branch of the surgical ward
of the Women's and Children's Hospital
of San Francisco.
A German play will be presented, and
dinner will he served continually after 12
o'clock noon. Much local musical and j
dramatic talent has become interested, in
the affair.
Juvenile "l*u«taers."
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 4.— Yesterday
noon a rush similar to those held at the
university, took place between the small
boys of the Whittier School and those of
the Rose-street bchool. Rope was secured,
old clothes were put on and all the con
stituents for a free-for-all fight were
secured. Only a few of the children were
tied before they were stopped by the
teachers. The youngsters say that they
will fight another battle outside of school
hours.
Gun Club Officers.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 4.— The "Uni
versity of California Gun Club has elected
the following officers for the ensuing
term: President, Edward C. Gage '97;
captain, Frank King '98; secretary and
treasurer, William C. de Fremery '98; ex
excutive committee — Allen L- Checkering
7 yß, Alpheus F. Williams '08, Vance
Osinont '97. The club will hold its first
regular shoot for this term to-morrow
afternoon.
Freshmen Entertained.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 4.— The fresh
man class at the State University was re
ceived this evening by the combined
Christian Endeavor societies at Bemeley
at the First Congregational Church.
About 400 were present. This was the
second reception given to the freshmen
since their entrance to college.
Populist Campaign Committee.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 4.— The Peo
ple's Party Club oi Berkeley has appointed
the following campaign committee: Dr.
J. f. Farrar, First Ward; John Doyle,
Third Ward; T. Craigraile, Fourth Ward;
G. W. Wright, Fifth Ward.
A Demented Woman.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 4.— Bailiff Dut
ton of Judge Ellsworth's court had his
hands full for a while this morning caring
for Mrs. Frank Perry. She had just re
turned from the Ukiah Insane Asylum,
where she had been sent becausfi of a dis
arrangement of her mental faculties. She
told Dutton that she was looking for her
lost husband. She pointed to the jury
box, in which sat the jury in the case of
Mrs. Moir vs. the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and said her husband was there.
Frank Perry, her husband, is in St.
Mary's Hospital, San Francisco, in almost
a demented state from worrying over his
wife's condition.
The Jewish Synagogue.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. — The syna
gogue of the First Hebrew Congregation,
in this city, which has been removed to
Twelfth and Castro and thoroughly reno
vated throughout, is to be dedicated Sun
day afternoon with the most elaborate
exercises. The ; choir of : the Temple
Eruanu-El, San Francisco, will furnish the
music, and William King will preside at
the organ, ■■ [ ' •
Two Holidays.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. Monday and
Wednesday of next week are legal holi
days. The first is Labor day, and will not
be observed by the laboring class except
those who labor in Government or bank
ing institutions. On Wednesday the an
niversary of the admission will be cele
brated, but Oakland will not recognize it
except in her official capacity. The banks
will close. • ' • '■'."■':
HOTEL ARRIVALE.
RUSS HOUSE.
A Monteltb, Cloverdale Mrs H A Mhler &d. Ore
J O Mallory. Nebr . D J McKinney, Seattle
Tracey, Berketey, ■ C P Berry. Mountn View
I Madoe it ivf, Ventura AH Buck. >Jazatlan
3 M McKeema. Pigeon Pt II Stephens and family,
Mrs J B Fellows, Sissou Guatemala, C A
it Brown, Cal . Mrs 8 C Peck, Sisson
John Taylor, Cambria Mrs Col htoue, Sis-on
J 11 Russell. Cambria Mrs Jud;e Steel. "i'reka
Miss N V Russell, Camb MrsEDYounglove,S Ana
T X P.rown, Eureka - £ it H Howard, .-anta Ana
O Burns. Eureka ■ . - -It B Campbell, Ariz ? ■
X Wines, Santa Barbara A T Perry. Santa Kosa
W X England. New York W E Hall. Fresno •" -,
M Di'laney, Ire:and It H Sharrute it w, Los A
Mrs J 15 or! in, Auburn A McKenzie& Los An
Mrs J Martin, *d, Butch-. A II crook,. Hold Beach
era Camp ' BY. Watts, Delano '
Mrs B T Wilson, Los Ang B Walker, Hanford
J. Dean. Reno BOm* \v j Oaks, Los Angeles
J Cablll, Nevada City , J B Brown, Oakland
W B Humphrey, Winters I) A Russell, lowa Hill
L Davis <& wf. Co'.usa P Brown, Cat
J Moore, Oakland J Harris, Santa Rosa
A L Rutherford.Modesto C B .HHley. Sacramento
LH Hendncks. Fresno M Guuderson, Wla
X J Hunt.w A 2 c, Fresno J M Johnson, Ariz
palace Hotel.
R Graham, Sacramento J H Arms, Oakland "
HP Wlnslow, England T O Sinclair, Nashville
T Frickhoffer. Bremen J B Franklin, fcacratnnto
.Mrs M A Taylor. N Yik Miss Franklin, .-ncrmnto
\\ X Taylor, New York \V L Goodrich, Jackson
Lde !-pot, Belrlum ■ • G C Earl, Oakland
C 11 Abbott, Cakiuiul J Palmer, Chi> a,o :
A Collbran. West Point W A Smith, Kansas
H W Newby, Wasbgion C F. Locke, Chicago
Q B Stortdard, Chicago M Meyberg, Los Anyeles
Mrs Buckingham, Vacvl H M Singer, Pasadena
Mrs H >tevenson. Menlo Mrs H M linger, Pasdna
H Laughlin, fc Liverpool J STemr.lln, Denver .
S E Smith. Seattle - Mrs S E Smith, Seattle
I Auction Saic^
! SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
ife* fe> £& fe
, THIS DAY.
Saturday ....September 5, 1893,
• . At the EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 •^■^a.xj^sixroi^. err.,
AT 11 A. M., WE WILL SELL
60 Head of Work, Driving and All Purpose
Horses; Buggies: JBauery, Laundry and Delivery
Wagons, Carts, Surreys, Harness.
SALK POSITIVE— CASH.
SrJLLTVAN".& DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers— I'fii Sa7 Sixth st.
I
GRAND HOTEL.
O L Jones, Chicago \V D if cKenney, Rd Bluff
J P Smith & «-, Stanford J H Robinson, Chicago
B T Kirk, San Jose J L Gilbert. Se lm>
SAViiiiams, Calls. ogo A W Flnlc, Cal
J Burns, Napa J Johnson, Cal
J S Scribner, Cal B O'Hair, Cal
J J Akin <fe w. Loi An F Sobielie, Los An
-Misi A Sobislti, Los An CM Hartley, VacavtUe
J t: Coffin, Whiuier E B Banning dfc w, Cal
II Stauton & w, Nashville H B Bussell, Fresno
! Mr* H Bnsnell, Kreyno Mrs Fletcher. Monterey
; :-!r.s F ) 0,0. r.;v<r,irte 1) X Mcl'hai!. Hoillster
; Mrs Brown, LOB ,\n C GOTOCe, < a*land
' R D Ham «t w, Napa Mi?s M Smltn, Sta Clara
I Mi<s Bo i!ock, uukland J B Brown t fc w, Oakland
C J Jones, Stockton J H Woof, Coronado
E Corney Jr & wf, Santa C Haydock. San Jose
Barbara a I.ulande A wf, Mrysvle
SH CullenJtw, Williams Mlse V. mums, Williams
C A Mitchell. Stockton L (Joolrich. Mich
J Danielson, Sulsun W J fmnttL Fortuna
W B Danielson, Sulsnn A H Hart, N V
A s Gove, Victoria Mrs T S Gove, Victoria
L Rosenberg, I'kiah X R Lennan, 8t Selena
W I. Lennac, St Helena T Lenn»n, St Helena
W A Varen, sycamore B R Kusk, HlghlandSpfi
Mrs C Mason, Sonoma Mrs A Jones, Sonoma
8 X Sewall, Los Ang J M Frace, Cai
F Gianni ni, Mad era
LICK HOUSE.
Don Cottrell, Grass Val D Frioot, Grass Valley
W A Lee <& w, Cgden A P Catlen, Sacto
C n Colton, Oakland B S Sargent, Oakland
J D Hyde, Oakland Harry Spring, San Jose
R R Bowers. Fodeo a Frankl, Kan Simeon
C S Farrlngton, Elko Miss f. N Westday, Cal
W C 8.-aley, Wasbingtn a L Bartlett & w, Cal
Mrs X Dowd, Monterey B H Upfcam, Martinez
W X Wridge, Fresno Mrs Curtes*, Yonntvllle
W M Sell <fc sn, Cal E F Sauiord, Merced
B L Bartlett, Los Gatos A J Benuey, MarysvlUe
Mrs Waills, San Jose Ml3B Dewey, San jose
Mrs M Lesser, N V Jliss Clnrice Lesser, N V
J T Dimb!eby, Bakersfd H X Wood & w, Denver
J W Payne, N V Fa Dennis, Arizona
W H Wilbur. Oakland H J Lewelltntr, st Helena
W II McKenzie & W, Cal Dr Q A Hare, Fesno
Maude t'onkey, v Fresno N A McKay. Angels
NKW WF.STKHN HOTEL.
C G Smith «fe w, Ohio G P Brady, Oakland
Mrs Uomer.Sacramento D A Walsh, Seattle
F Cunningham & ty, Mrs Kstip, Sacramento
Hanford X w Mitchell, Redding
'W B Nulling, Redding Ml* Rose <fe w, San Jose
A Kaffman, Alameda B E Combs, Alameda
I D Horn. Kansas City R L Jantz, Oakland
| R H Wise it w, Ohio C H Jones it w, Ohio
W H Pringle, Ohio Annif> Conimings, Ohio
It II Winsor, Brooklyn J X Mahon, Boston
Miss comers. Auburn W R Thelon, Whlpple
j A Anmes. \Vhip;ile G S Carer, Whipple
X a .Baker, Los Ang D Chipman. San .-lego
J J etlder. Hop City i th'jl Ledder, Hop City
P W Dnrand, Cal j W I Insman, Chicago
F W Tuisman, Ciilcago C C Broaeu, Los Angeles
J Furlong <te w, Conn Z E mucker <fe w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTKL.
E H Tibbetts, Oakland W S McCoy, Circus
Col C Circus S C Newhall, San Jos«
"W O'Brien, Sau Jose J H Luke, Ohio
J II Watklns, Sacto A Johnson, Oakland
B Ferauaon. N V M 1-erguson, N V
R Duncan, Riverside W M Hughes, Madera
SI fss V Pierce, Pac Or F B Miller, Marysville
C Haskell, Sacramento M C Davis «fe w, st Paul
W \V Snow, NY R C Snow. S V
A H Jo3*ee, St Louis H R Roesler, St Louis
C R Hat lield, Brooklyn Miss E Sieberst, Fresno
C C Matlock, Or
f~"*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aaghß <; - r> KEABXT XT. Established
Birn'" 1854 for the treatment of Private
EBL . fefaj Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearln* on bodyand mind and
•C^Hj B Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcursswhen
JMi H others fall. Try him. Charges low.
1 WUBB Cure* gnarantffd. Callorwrite.
JPr. J. V, o£BBOJf. ■« 19a7.SanFranc£oS:
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAXI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A«
. Broadway wharf, San Francisco, aasBBK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangei, Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. U., Sept- 11. 'id.
For-Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
•New Wi atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. M.
Sept. l, 6, 11, 16, ill, 26, and every Ufth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTiu'oma with JS. P. It. X., at Seattle with O.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with A I as steamers.
For 1 ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay) sir. Pomona 2 p. it., Sept. 2, a, 10, 14,
18. *2, 16, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For S«nta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Lais Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. U.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), f-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
coles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
. For Kns»nada. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
j Paz and Guaynaas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. if. 25th of each month."
- Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treeu - •
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Qen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ASTORIA AIPOffIANa
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia 5aUa.......... Aug. 16, 28, Sept. 5, 15, 28
Etate of California 5ai15........ .....!...........
•• Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 80
From 6pear-*t. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. ic
i GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Bupts,*
X. B. CONNOR, General Agent
•• ■ -- ■- ■■ - 630 Market atnwC
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ uWJi?,?..
HAWAII, SAMOA, £W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI mr
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. A LAM A sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at Df.il
as. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Ausf., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.' ' ' ■•
J. D. SPHECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents. .
11 1 Montgomery street.
■ Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAMTLIYfIQUB
French. Line to Havr«.
nOMPAXY'SriER(NEW),«NURTa ML
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by anal
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yorie to Alexandria, Egyp:, via PAri*
first-cJassfltiU; second-class, 91 ltt.
LA BOURGOGNE ..Sept. 6, 9 A. K.
LA ISO KM A. IMb Sept. 12, 6A. M.
LA T0URA1NE....... Sept. 19, 7 a. if.
LAGASCOOSK. . ..'.„.. ...... ......Sept. 26, 3 a. m.
LA BRETAGNK ..............Oct. 8, 7 A. U.
■ . g3~ For fuither particulars apply to -
. A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
i avenue, San Francisco. " .•■ ■■ . -
ROYAI MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS UEAVB ASPEN WALL >W-
„_ fortnightly for the West Indies and J^iSSQ
Southampton, calling en route at ■ Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.- '
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9105; third
class, $07 50, . For further particulars apply to
PABROTT A CO.-, Agents, .
• Unit California »t.
• ■ ' '\.'. - ''■■■
. STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At 6 I*. ->!,. l>»»ly. irreight received ua
CO .»:3U P. .U. *"
jay Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
ihe only line making through rates on Valley
Road freight. - ° x
STKAMEKS: .
T. C. "Walker, . . J.D.Peters,'
Mary Garratt. ' City of Stockton.
• leiephon^j Mala 805. ■ Cat. .Nay. and lmuc Co
U.S. SAYYYABJD, MARE ISLAND, YALLEJO,
•Bcaida, *Part Costa, *CrcefceU and *Valoai.
STK. MONTICEIiI.O,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays **10:3 a
A.M.), 3:30 p. M. Sundays BP. if. only. Offices
and landing. pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Blaclc
"ViandSP. K.'tr.psonly. • HATCH BROSL
• 4 and 8 f. x. trips only.
•* Excursion trip. Gives 5 hoars at -Navy-yard.
FOR m JOSE. 105 GATOS & SAUTI CRUZ
STJSAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
O at 10a. m. (Sundays exeepted); Alvlso daily at
"'• K. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. _i art between San FrancUco and Alvls*
1314
CHILDREN COULD
IDENTIFY NOTHING
Tell About Their Fright
on the Witness-
Stand.
LOOKED OVER A FENCE
And Saw Two Strange Men
Who Appeared to Them
About Dusk.
WINTHEOFS TRIAL GOES ON.
R pid Progress Is Made Taking Tes
timony and Many Witnesses
Are Heard.
Many witnesses testified yesterday in
the trial of Oliver W. Winthrop. 8o much
progress was made that District Attorney
Barnes made the statement, when the
hour for adjournment arrived, that he ex
pected to close by noon next Tuesday for
the people, which, as the court adjourned I
over until Tuesday at 10 a. m., leaves only
about two hours more for the prosecution
oc the direct. Borne of the testimony i
taken yesterday was of little importance.
The public interest in the proceedings
was maintained and crowds rushed to get
admitted to the courtroom. Mrs. Win
throp sat by the side of her husband dur
ing the entire day. A few feet distant sat
Campbell, the complaining witness. Some ;
very young children were on the witness- j
stand.
George A. Koch, mining engineer, the
man whom Urquhart says he told that
Winthrop had plr.nned to abduct Camp- !
bell, was a witness but he was not permit
ted to relate the conversation with Urqu
hart. Koch testified that he saw Winthrop
and Campbell leave the Occidental Hotel
together at about 3:30 p. M., August 3. i
Koch also testified that he went with Win
throp to Captain Curtin's office on the day
that Campbell's disappearance was made j
known, which was on Tuesday, August 4.
Fred Schroeder, an invalid who lives at
120 Third avenue, testified that on the aft- I
ernoon of August 3 he saw two men pass |
his house and co in the direction of 4109
California street, the house in which
Campbell allege* that he was imprisoned.
Sc-roeder was sitting in front of his own
house when the two men passed. There
are few passers that way, and as these
were strangers to him he noticed them. I
One of these men looked much like Camp
bell and the other resembled Winthrop. j
Campbell passed his house again about i
one week later.
D. A. Urquhart was recalled, but added I
nothing material to his testimony pre
viously given.
A. M. Speck, the senior partner of A. M.
Speck & Co., real estate agents doing busi
ness it *502 Market street, testified that' he !
has known V> intbrop quite well for two
years. Winthrop visited the witness at ■
hi- place of business between 9 and 10 !
o'clock on the forenoon of August 3.
Winthrop told him that he had rented i
the house numbered 4109 California street
from the owner, Mrs. Dunton, for Mr. j
Archibald, and that he bad come to pay ,
the rent. He wanted to have Archibald I
occupy the cottage, and when Speck said |
that he did not know anything about I
Archibald, Winthrop said that Archibald !
was all right. Winthrop had a receipt for ]
$2 50 on account which had been -iened i
by Mrs. Dunton, and he paid $7 50 to!
Speck on account. Mr. Speck then die- j
tared a note to Mrs. Dunton, which was i
dated Auaust 3, 1896. This note was pro
duced and iientified by Speck, who had
written in the note: "Archibald is un
known to me but he is highly recom
mended by my friend." Wintbrop took
this note and went away.
Margaret Dunton, owner of 4109 Califor
nia street, testified that she advertised her
house to rent August 1. The advertise- j
ment appeared on August 2, which was j
Sunday, and between 2 and 3 o'clock that j
afternoon a gentleman called and looked :
at the house and said that he would not
take it unless Mrs. Dunton should vacate i
it by 9 o'clock the following morning.
Tberi the man gave her $2 50 and she
drew up a receipt. The man said that his
name was Archibald. The witness was j
asked to see if she could identify Archi
bald in the courtroom. She pointed out
Winthrop. On Monday morning, August I
3, Archibald, or Winthrop, again visited
her nnd showed her receipt and the letter
of recorrmendation written lor Archibald
by Mr. Speck. She reserved one room in
the house for storing effects and moved
out that day, leaving the hou«e and its
furniture in the possession of Winthrop.
Her brother, John Fogarty, was in the
house while Winthrop was there.
Attorney Bell cross-examined. Mrs.
Dunton testified that on the occasion of his
first visit to her house Winthrop remained
from seven to nine minutes. When he
came on Monday, which was the date of
the second visit, Winthrop wore a cut
away coat, lipht trousers and a light
soft hat. He wore his hat while was in
her house. She has never seen him with
his hat on since that day, August 3. He
looked taller then than he does now, but
she supposed this was due to his wearing
his hat in her house. He had a long mus
tache of rather light color. To the best of
her knowledge and belief Winthrop is the
man to whom she rented her house. The
witness was questioned quite sharply con
cerning Winthrop's peculiarities a's she
observed them during the time he was
renting for her.
"He had a la-de-da style and tried to
make himself appear better than be is. 1
suppose that his purpose was to impress
people."
Mrs. Dunton admitted that she had not
identified Winthrop at the City Prison as
the man who had rented her house.
John Fogarty, brother of Mrs. Dunton,
testified that be was present when Mrs.
Dunton rented 4109 Cali fornia street. The
general appearance of the man who came
as the tenant had a genera! resemblance
to Winthrop. On the cross-examination
Fogarty testified that the tenant appeared
to have lighter-colored hair tban Win
throp has now. Fogarty did not speak to
him in his sister's house — did not nay par
ticular attention to his appearance. Toe
tenant was in his presence only a few
minutes. When Fogarty said at the City
Prison that Winthrop was the tenant he
(Fogarty) knew that Winthrop had been
arrested lor the Campbell affair.
The first witness at the afternoon ses
sion was Josephine Dunton, who testified
that she "was soing on 16." She is the
adopted daughter of Mr*. Dunton, the
owner of tbe cottage on California street.
She visited the hou«e on August 5, alone,
between 2 and 3 o'clock in tbe afternoon
and knocked at the back door of the Dun
ton house— the door that opens into the
garden. A man whom she supposed to be
the one who is known in the case as
"Pete" came to the door. This man
looked frightened, she thought. He was
very dirty. He was smoking a cigarette.
He had on a very dirty white shirt and
was bareheaded and his coat was off. H»
seemed to be 22 or 23 years old.
Attorney 801 l vigorously objected to the
suppositions and surmises of this girl
witness, and also moved that her tesii
mony be stricken out, because it related
to a period after the time when, according
to the testimony of Campbell, the com
plaining witness, Winthrop had left the
house at 4109 California street. The wit
ness was accordingly withdrawn.
Then two children were caned as wit
nesses, who, as they sat in the witness
chair, dangled their feet in a vain effort to
touch the floor. These were Antone Gatto,
aged 14, and Mary Gatto, "13 years old to
day," and who celebrated part of her birth
day anniversary in the novel role of wit
ness. These children had little of a defi
nite nature to testify, bat they told a child
story on the stand, which caused Judge
Wallace to look at them in an amused
way, and the various lawyers enjoyed the
spectacle. The children are brother and
sister. The house in which they live,
from its back porch, overlooks the yard of
Mrs. Dunton's house.
"Between 7 and 8 o'clock," said little
Mary Gatto, the tall ornaments on her hat
vibrating sympathetically under the re
membrance of fears which she francly
acknowledged, child fashion, "we saw two
men come out of the conservatory door of
the Dun ton house. We had been to the
grocery-store. We were always afraid to
be out at night. When we saw these two
men we climbed our backstairs and looked
over in the Dunton yard and saw the two
men. 1 did not notice them much for I
was afraid. All I know was that one was
taller than the other. They cut across
the street, California street south, and
that was the last I saw of them." The
child gaye a sigh of relief.
"You are timid, are you not?" asked
District Attorney Barnes.
"Yes, sir," admitted the little girl, with
a pretty smile.
Antone Gatto was as indefinite in the
matter of description as was his sister
Mary. One man was surely shorter than
the other. He is a boy, and he did not
say anything about being afraid. His sis
ter had said that for him.
Several cable-road employes testified to
having seen Winthrop not far from 4109
California street. Herman Kilken. a grip
man on the Sacramento-street line, who
lives at 3412 California street, testified that
Winthrop got on his car on August 1 at
about 1:53 p. m. at the corner of Lake
street anil Third avenue.
James McKenna, ' g^ripman for the
Geary-street line, testified that he saw
Winthrop about 9:47 P. M., August 3, and
that Winthrop got on his car at the corner
of Third and Point Lobos avenues and
rode down to the corner of Steiner and
Geary streets. Tne witness knew Win
throp, but did not speak 'to him because
Winthrop held his head down. The wit
ness was quite sure this was August 3 be
cause that was the only night upon which
he was on the extra car, and it was upon
the extra car that Winthrop rode.
Edward Matthews of 2528 >£ Sutter street,
a conductor on the Sacramento-street line,
testified that Winthrop boarded his east
bound car at about 5:50 on the night of
August 3 at the corner of Sacramento and
Cherry streets. Winthrop wore a black,
diagonal suit and a white Alpine hat.
John Fullelove of Santa Rosa avenue, a
gripman on the Geary-steet line, testified
that he saw James Campbell in Richmond
on August 4 or 5 at about 8 o'clock in the
morning. He first saw Campbell on Point
Lobos avenue, between TLiira and Fourth.
This witness identified Campbell and
testified that a man who was short and
thickset told Campbell: "You get on that
car." The witness stopped his car mid
way of the block because Campbell ap
peared to him to be used up. At first the
witness thought that Campbell was a
tramp.
On the cross-examination Attorney Bell
brought out that JFallelove would not
know the man who put Campbell on tke
car if ne should see him again. When he
first saw Campbell and the man who was
with him, they stood about half way be
tween the curb and the railway track.
Fullelove said that he first identified his
passenger as Campbell by seeing the mil
lionaire's picture in The Call. As soon
as he saw the paper he knew that Camp
bell had ridden with him and he said so.
Campbell seemed languid. The witness
did not hear Campbell speak to the man
who was with him. Campbell rode down
Geary street to the end of the line.
John H. Tingman, a mining-stock
broker, whose office is at 324 Pine street,
testified that he saw Win ihrop on a cer
tain Tuesday on Pine street, near the
btock Exchange, between 10:45 and 11:30
A. m. Tingman wa3 talking with James
Streeten when Winthrop came up and
spoke. At first Tingman aid not recog
nize Winthrop, for his Uurnside whiskers
had been cut off and he wore only a gray
mustache on his face. Tingman's atten
tion was particularly attracted to Win
throp by the change in the manner and
speech of Winthrop. Once before Win
throp had talked to Tingman, going to the
home of the latter to find him. Then he
talked cairnly and quietly.
When Tingman talked with Winthrop
on Pine street Winthrop stuttered and
stammered and his face was drawn so
mucn that it was evident that he was in a
state of suppressed excitement. The con
versation lasted some minutes.
On cross-examination Tingman testi
fied that the conversation with Winthrop
occurred before he (Tingman) knew aoout
the Campbell case. A half hour after the
conversation Streeten came along and
told him about the Campbell case, and
this ciicumstance fixed in his mind the
Tuesday udoii which the conversation
with Wintnrop took place. What Win
throp said Tingman could not recollect. He
could not recall any of the conversation,
as his mind was busy at that time with
other things.
James N. Streeten was recalled and also
testified to the conversation between
Tingman and Winthrop. Nothing new
was developed in Streeten's testimony.
Mrs. Sophie Schadde of 354 Grove street
testified that Winthrop rented three rooms
from her last April and occupied them
with his family. He was in her house
at about 6 p. m. Monday, August 3.
Miss Emma Schadde, daughter of the
preceding witness, testified to seeing Win
throp in Louis Schoenfeld's grocery-store
Tuesday, August 4. He seemed to have
been changing money and gave a little
boy some money and said, "There, take
that."
"What daily newspaper do you take?"
"The Morning Call."
"What was the condition of your paper
on Tuesday morning, August 4?"
Attorney Bell objected.
Judge Wallace — What do you propose to
show?
Attorney Blaclr.— We want to show that
this copy of The Call had all of the story
about Campbell torn out or it, and that the
extract was found in the left leg of Win
thron's undergarment when he was cap
tured, with other clippings about the
Campbell case.
The witness was instructed not to
answer.
Louis Schoenfeld, grocer at the corner
of Grove and Gough streets, testified that
Winthrop was in his store on August 4,
between 2:30 and 4:30 o'clock, coming in
to change a $5 greenback.
"Is this the bill?" asked Mr. BJack.
Schoenfeld looked carefully at the bill
and said that it was the same.
Attorney Bell objected to the testimony
because Campbell could not identify this
bill as one that was stolen from him.
Attorney iilack argued that the tes
timony was admissible, and that it ought
to go to the jury for what it was worth
"Campbell says he was robbed of a $5
bill."
Judge Wallace excluded the testimony
because Campbell had not identified t;.is
bill.
Attorney Barnes said that to save the
expense of bringing witnesses from San
Jose it had been stipulated between coun
sel that it should be admitted that Win
throp left San Francisco boifnd for San
Jose July 31; that he remained in San
Jose that night, which was Friday. and
that he returned to San Francisco on
Saturday, August 1, arriving here at
6:45 A. M.
WilliMn Rosenberg, a salesman for
Charles H. Fleischeimer, a hat dealer
identified the hat which Campbell testified
was brought to him by Winthrop, as one
that he (Rosenberg) sold or thought that
he so.d, but lie dia not recollect anvthinu
about the purchaser. The size is "jy.
Henry Schadde testified that he saw
Winthrop in his mothers house on Oak
street at 6 p. m. on Thursday, August 5.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
He had on a black Alpine bat when he
went out.
Court adjourned at this point until 10
a. m. next Tuesday.
Bitten by a Dot,
Michael Brandon, a hack-driver living at 32
Clara street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen'a courf yesterday charging Thomas
Dwver, 40 Clara street, with allowing an un
registered dog to roam about at large. Brandon
said he was walking home Thursday afternoon
when the dog, a bull brindle, bit a piece out
of his right lee. He was afraid of hydrophobia,
and wanted the dog killed.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
TlO Market atreet, open until 12 o'clock every
■icht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICB6— 63O Montgomery street,
eoroer Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock. .
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
71 S Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, op«m
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth str«Pt, open until B:.sn o'clock
CHURCH NOTICES. ~~~
9Z2S 1 ' G RACE METHO^PISTT^piscbPAL
•*-*^ Church, cor. Twenty-first and Capp sts.—
Rev. M. F. Colburn. pastor, services at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. . Sunday-school at 2:30 p. it., C. W.
Marks, superintendent. Class-meeting at 6:30
p. m., led by Rev. James Renwick. Praise service
at 7:30 P. it, led by Brother Robert Husband. At
7:45 p. m. closing jubilee service of the conference
year will be held. Exercises will consist of an
Epworth League street meeting at 6:45 p. m.;
public reception of new members by the Kp worth
League at 7:50 p. m. : Illustrated sermon to young
people at 8 p. it., entitled, "Rock or Sand, or God's
Provision for a Triumphant Life," the service
closing with an altar meeting for consecration and
thanksgiving. All are Invited. Come early. Seats
free.
Jt^S' HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH, BE-
»~-^ tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case. D.D.,
pastor; Martin Schultz, musical director: W. F.
Gibson, Sunday-school superintendent. The spe-
cial music to-morrow evening will consist of solos
by Ayton Arml:age, barytone, and Miss Carolyn
Boyan, contralto. Hours of public services: 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school at 12:30.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening. Epworth
League 6:46 Sunday evening. Morning: a sacra-
mental meditation, followed by the holy com-
munion. Evening: Lecture by Mrs. Dr. Osborne
of New York, who is a charming speaker. Church
telephone blacK 961.
lt^s= SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHOPIST
Üb-~&" Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m, and 7:45 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both services. A: 11
a.m.. communion address: "Mary at the Cross."
Subject at 7:45 p. m. : -'A Lesson In Spiritual Eco-
nomics." Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m., C. B.
Perkins superintendent. Epworth League ser-
vice at 6:30 p. it. The public cordially invited to
all the services of this church. Seats free. Ushers
In attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
ing at 7:45 o'clock.
Bfc^jS» CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
»~-^ Church, Mission at., between Sixth and
Seventh, Rev. E. R. Pille, pas.or; J. J. Morris,
musical director: H. M. Bosworth, organist; R. V.
Watt, Sunday-School superintendent. The pastor
will preach morning and evening— the last ser-
vices of the co ference year. Morning subject:
"Barren or Fruitful— A Retrospect." Evening:
••By 1 heir Fruits Ye Shall Know Them." Sunday-
school at Ip. 11. Young People's meeting at 6:30
p. M. All we.come.
]£^S= FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
l*~-*^ cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, P.P., pastor; Rev. Kdwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. Preaching at 11 a. if. by Dr.
Mackenzie and at 7:45 p. it. by Rev. Mr. Jenks.
Sunday-school at 12:46 p. m. There will be a
praise service at evening service. The music will
in the main be from "Gospel Hymns," arranged
by Otto Fleisaner, musical director and organist.
Young People's society of Christian Endeavor at
6:30 p.m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at Bp. m,
All are welcome.
OZ'S* UNION -SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
tires' Church (open communion), Bush st., near
Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve, pastor. The
Oakland church meets in convention "with this to-
day (Saturday). To-morrow the past' r will
preach. Morning subject: "Labor Pay." Evening
subject: "Hinderers." Sunday-school at 12:30,
Juniors at 5 and Endeavorers at 6:45 P. m. The
Lord's supper after morning service. All Chris-
tlans Invited. r. -. J
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ftiSP DIVINE HEALING— CLASSES WILL
»*»' be formed for instruction in divine science
and healing. Sept. 8., at 2:80 and 8. P. m.. Home
College, 3360 Seventeenth st., bet. Valencia a. id
Mission; those wanting mental or bodily healing
should apply and join one of these classes. ME.
and C. L. CRaMER, teachers;
RTTjip TO LICENSE MAKl.\fc KNUI.NKKRS—
*-^ Suspended members of the Marine En-
gineers are Invited to attend a meeting at Acad-
emy Hall. 927 Mission St.. at 12 o'clock SUNDAY,
September 6. I y Suspended M<-mb»rg.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B^~S* DR. A LFR^rr"KIC ; HLEBr^HAS R&
m^& turned from abroad and resumed practice at
517 Jones st. •
It^S* DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
lfr~»y Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
Et^£=» DRI albert ABRAMS HAS RE-
lfr-* 7 moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
ffcZfr* DR. G. E. SUSSPORFF HAS REMOVED
*-*^ his offices to 22% Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
UTS*" BAP TENANTS ivJKCTKP FOR $4:
■-•' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montsry su, room 6. Tel. 6580.
jKS= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
**-*^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
CR. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
'. furnish the best family and hotel help. CaU
at office, Dbone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
\|R>. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
■t'l first-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
LADY OF REFINEMENT, POSSESSING ALL
the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge of medicine, desires a
position in that capacity with an Invalid: no re-
numeration but comfortable home; city or conn-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
XPERIENCEP LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
Xv sires employment in dally or weekly newsna-
per office; city or country: can assist "in job de-
Danmetit; also' proof-rending; wages payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82, CaU office.
Vy ORKINO HOUSEKEEPER WISHES TO
tt take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house
city or country; reference. Address Housekeeper.
box 72, Call Office.
Vy ANTS A POSITION AS NURSE: LADY OR
tt baby mine; invalid; reference. Apply Golden
Gate Hotel, Ib 2 i-ourtb at.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
VJ housework In the country. Call or address 26
Moss st. ■
11 U.»TION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY,
upstairs work and sewing. Call 1938% Mission.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS PLAIN
sewing or mending. 650 Jessie st.
A MERICAN 11 1 DDLK-AGKD LADY WOULD
J V like a situation with elderly people In this I
city to make herself generally useful. Call from
10 to 2 or address 633 Sacramento st., room 27.
p kspkctable woman wishes SITUA-
Xt tlon to do general housework; good cook and
laundress: Jewish family preferred; many years'
references. 1148 Folsom St.
T ADY DESIRES PLAIN SEWING OR MEND-
Xj ing, or would like position in lodging-boose: is
thoroughly capable. Call after 11 a. m.. 821 Mis-
sion st. , room 8. ' -
'I 'WO RELIABLE SWEDISH WOMEN WISH
X situations to do genera! housework or as house-
keepers. Room 16, 775 Mission st.
T7IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
X work by the day; fit guaranteed; reasonable.
44 Sixth St., room 46. .-.
yOUNG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market a;., room 19, second floor.
\ OUNG KLWISHKB SITUATION TO DO
X chamberwork: good reference. Call or write
115 Sixth St., grocery.
q wedTshT GIRL WANTS SITUATION to
O do general housework in small American fam-
lly ; wages $20. CaU or address 3 1 b Clara,
Vy AM - SITUATION BY AMERICAN
tt woman to do general housework;. la good cook
and laundress: no objection to short distance In
country. Address W. S., box 97, CalL :
At IDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES POSI-
A tlon as working housekeeper in widower's
family or care for elderly lady: thoroughly compe-
tent and reliable: city or country. Address F. M.
box 138. Call Office. ■ >:■*'
YY^ANTED-BY NATIVE PARISIAN GIRL,
tt situation as governess. Call or address W.,
Young Women's Christian Association, 1221
O'Farreil st.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG LADY TO
O take entire charge of 1 or 2 children: wages
$25; speaks English aud German. Address 2244
Howard st.
STRONG. RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES" TO
do washing, ironing, cooking or I housecleaning
by the day. MRS. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth,
near Mission.
Vy ANTED-B'i LADY WITH CHILD HOME
•'.out city, no difference; where; cood cook and
housekeeper. 57.> Minna st., downstairs.
AMERICAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
as housekeeper or do chamberwork In hotel.
Address 11 Polk su
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AT
..„ washing and ironing; reference given. Address
658 Minna at. ■ ■ .:•.-;' -.- .
\* IDDLE- AGED AMERICAN WOMAN
-ha wishes situation as chambermaid; is experi-
enced and competent; good references. A duress
or call bet.* 12 and 2 at 106 T aylcr su, room I. -- •
DEFINED AND COMPKTENT YOUNG
xx, woman wishes position a« companion, cure of
invalid or children; references. Call or address
Advertiser. 701 Stockton st. > v
V oung GIRL (lately" FROM THE EAST)
-*■ wishes situation to do second work and sewing
or take care, of children. CaU or aid re as 1-J34
Mission su
SITUATIONS WANTED— .
WANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
" middle-axed German widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladies' companion ;
is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children; reliable references given
and required. Address A BC, box 16, CalL
Young girl wishes situation to do
X cbamberwork aud sen-Ing, or assist In .kitchen
If necessary. Call or address 100J Mason at.
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
• day washing or housecleaning. 259 Stevenson
SU, bt;U Third and Fourth. ' :
GE NTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market.
F\RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT
XV by the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 663
Folsom st. , ;
liIRST-CLASS HAIR- DRESSER AND MaNl-
cure wishes customers at residence. Address
H. P., box 114, Call Office.
\V INCHES i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
jree bug and baggage to and from the Ipitv-.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
HU N TER~A~ca7 C^TNE^E~ANr7"jApX
nese employment office, 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. CaL; tel. main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
'JAPANESE AND CHINESEf EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter at. ; tel. Grant 30.
CIHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
HINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best bel p. 41 4 v 2 O'Farrell; teL K. 423.
ITUATION WANTED — BY MAN AND
wife, to take charge of a small ranch: man un-
derstands general farming, orchard, vlnevard. to-
bacco raising and curing: wife is a good house-
keeper. Address J. E. G., box 91. Call Office.
V FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN; 10 YEARS'
experience; first-class city reference; good
plain gardener if necessary: city or country. Ad-
dress C. M., box 15, CaU Office.
VODxCG MAN, AMPLE BUSINESS EXPERI-
X ence, Dractlcal bookkeeper, obliging, of good
address and appearance, no bad habits, industri-
ous, recently from the East, would like situation;
if you have anything kindly giv« me an Inter-
view. Address s., box 47, this office.
"[RELIABLE MAN, MIDDLE- AGED, WANTS
XV situation around private place; understands
care of horses and cows and can make himself
generally usefuL Call or address Yosemlte House,
1043 Market st. , room 40. .
Vy INEMAKER, ALL THROUGH THE BUSI-
» » ness from the grape to bottling, cooper, distil-
ler, eta ; best of reference. Address S. A., box 72,
Call Office.
D~RIVER OF MILK OR BAKER WAGON
wishes a steady situation; sober, and can
speak German: best of references; security. E.
M., box 61, Call Office.
TRONG YOUNG GERMAN BOY OF 17;
O understands driving and can care for horses.
Address 314 Eighth st.
YV ANTED — SITUATION BY PRACTICAL
" gardener, with long experience In all branches
of flower, landscape gardening and nursery, to take
charge of private piece; best recommendations
from last place. Address Gardener, box 102, CalL
L>Y YOU.NG ENGLISHMAN, WITH GOOD
XJ references from England, employment in an
Oakland store with the option of buying a share in
the business after a few months' triaL Address
P. THOMAS, Dimond P. P., Alameda Co.
COTCUMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
O to run steam boilers; can also run engine. Ad-
drers Engineer, box 97, CalL -
TEADY YOUNG MAN DESIRES BITUA-
tion to make himself useful on private place:
understands care of horses, cows and garden; is
willing and oblleing: lint-class references. Ad-
dress S. G., box 85, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER OR OFFICE WORK; 10
years' experience: salary noocject: no objec-
tlon to country. Address M., box 11, Call Office. ■
SITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
O cook: German: steady and sober: restaurant or
coffee and lunch house; best of recommendations.
Address S. S., box 22, Call Office. ■
\y ANTED— A SITUATION AS WATCHMAN
'» or a place of trust: be>t reference given. Ad-
dress 8. E., box 72. this office.
VV' ANTED— AMERICAN MAN AND WIFE
"t want situation In hotel or on ranch. Call or
address room 6, 124 Sixth st.
pOOD SHOP OR CUSTOM COAT PBESSER
VJ wants a steady situation. Address B. S., box
87, this office.
OY 15 YEARS OF AGE WANTS PLACE TO
work for board and lodging. Apply 8 Hayes st.
MIDDLE - AGED MAN WANTS PLACE
l'l with private family; used to norses, garden
and cooking; useful in general: references: wages
moderate. Address A. X., box 60. Call Office.
SCANDINAVIAN WISH KB SITUATION;
O thoroughly understands management of fine
horses, gardening, milking, general work; 10
years on the coast; good references. J. N., 416
Broadway, .city.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bnsand bageaceioand from the ferry.
ENGISEK R; . STATION ABY and locomo-
tive: all-round machinist: can do plumDlng,
blacksmithing, pipe-fitting: wants work; moderate
wages. Address W. H., box 18. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED AS GARDENER, LAB-
O orer, vegetable garden tir to take care of borsea.
Inquire 728 Chestnut St., Oakland.
OUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X Spanish, wishes post. ion of any kind. Address
D. D.. box 68. Call office.
CIOMPETKNT MAN WISHES PLACE AS
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of Mate preferred: married; no children. Ad-
dress G. A. P., Vlsalia, Cal
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
VJ engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dreaa Engineer, 1189 Marke: at., S. F., CaL
I CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bos and baggage to anil from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
Vy ANTED— no FOR THE" HOP FIELDS!
'» 100 men, women add children for targe hop
company In Alameda County tents on the ground;
pickers can do their own cooking.' or get cheap
board at company's boarding-bouse; fare $1: of-
fice fee 50c. Apply to W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st.
WANTED— NEAT SECOND GIRL AND WAI
" at table for nice private family in city, $20
per month. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay at.
OOKS-OAKDALE. $25; SANTA ROSA, $25:
Sonoma, $20 Willows, $25: San Rafael, $S0;
Berkeley, $20: 15 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TVT EAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
m $10 to $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
|7>RENCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
J LEN, 323 sutter st. .
\y NURSE. $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 B UT-
" tersU - / -
EUNED PROTESTANT NURSE, $16. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Batter su ,
P'JOK, BOARDING-HOUSE. . $25: COOK.
VJ Menlo Park Hotel, $35. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . ' ' -.
V NEAT SECOND GIRLS. $20: GERMAN
A nursery governess, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter s:. ( ••.'.-I
]UEAT SECOND GIRL, $12; SLEEP HOME;
XI MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st. '
MAID AND SEAMSTRESS; SLEEP HOME;
$25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.
I>KFINED GIRL AS SEAMSTRESS AND
Xt novvr ess; child 6 years old; $20. MISS
Cl LLKN, 323 Sinter st.
C< KJK AN D HOUSE WORK GIRL, ALAMEPA,
• $'25. see party here; cook anil downstairs girl.
»20 and $25; second girl, same family. $15 to $20;
German or Swedisii housework girls," city, 420 and
$-0; green German or Swedish girl for country,
no English necessary, see party here, $16; Sv.e*.
ish woman for ranch, Napa County, see party
here, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO, 110 Geary st.
'•) waitresses, country HOTEL. NEAR
*-> city, $15: waitress, hotel, city, $18: waitress,
restaurant, city, $15, room: 6 extra waitresses,
country, $150 a day, free far*. C. R. HANSKN
A CO.. 110 Geary at.
C WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20
y and room, fares paid, see party here, 11 to 12
a.m.; woman cook. $36 and room; '2 chamber-
mHlds and wall some, $15 and room; 3 waitresses,
$15 and room; 2 head waitresses, $25 to $30 at.d
room; 5 houseelrls, $20: 13 houseglrls. $15; 12
young Rirls, 48, $10 and $12 perm nth, assist,
etc., nice families. MARTIN 8, 749 Market st.
\y ANTED-COOK, GERMAN STYLE, SMALL
*i wash, $25; refined nurse ana seamstress, $20;
a trench girls for housework. $25, $20 ana *15;
chambermaid and waitress, country hotel, $20.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. T • .
yOUNG WOMAN TO COOK FOR 8 OR 10
X men; $'.O; call early. MURRAY A READY,
leading employmont agents, 634-636 Clay st.
KAN 1 COOK, $20; CHAMBERMAIDS,
waitresses, cooks, eta - MURRAY A READY,
leading employment agents. 634-636 Clay at.
HOUSEKEEPER WANTED SHORT DIS-
XJ. tanc- in country. MRS. M. JOHNSTON, 995
Market st. ,„ : .
«.) GIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
<J call early. MRS. M. JOHNSTON, 995 Market.
YOUNG GIRL FuR GENERAL HOUSE-
X' work and assist with children; wages $15. 225
SanchPzsu' ■ : ;
\V OMAN (20 TO -.'5): LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
'' $7 monthly; lin family. \V., box 15, CalL
Vy ANTED- EXPERIK.NCED: SALESLADY
* ' on corseu; references. 1388 Market at.
VY r 'A HER GIRLS WANTED. - 817 KEARNY
• " street. \ . - .
EFINED LADY UNDER 28 . (UNINCUM-
bered) as artist's model.- R. L., box 28, Call.
(COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
J work and cooking. 1522 Golden Gats aye.
Ay ANTED — YOUNG GIRL for light
I T: house wark.% 1215' Polk si.
XPEKIKNCED LAUNDRESS FOR WORK
X!i on Mondays. -, Call, 9A. M. to 12 m., £09 Eddy.
Y\ O UNO! PROTESTANT. GIRL: TAKE CARE
X 'of child and assist: wages $5. > 1707 Oak st. 
kkmas r girl FOR general HOUSE-
work lv a small family at 1904 .Sutler «.' .
HELP. WANTED— Continued.
"DROTESTANT GIRL: HOUSEWORK: NO
X wash; wages $10. Before 11 a. m. 2051 Vi
Mission st. "*-4fIBIMMBI9MHKHBDB!t'' •
"PIANO-PLAYER WANTED AT 770 HOW-
X ard st. ■■■ .. .
\\J ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASS OPE-
"• rator on corsets; high wages: Singer sewing-
machine used: run by electric no wer. 1388 Market.
"IA" ANTED— COM NT GERMAN GIRL
*' for cooking and housework. 824 Grove st.
KSPONSIBLE WOMAN; A GOOD CONVER-
_ sationist preferred. Add. Ik L., box 18, Call.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL"oVERSHIRTB
land underwear. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32%
Fremont st. .
R^SSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
XJ for families: waist and skirt hands for shops;
positions free. McDo WELL'S School, 636 Market.
I A DIES TO SELL MY TOILET BPECIAL-
-1 > ties; can learn hairdressing, manicuring and
beauty culture free. MRS. BUTLER, 1 31 Post st.
AIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell St., 105 9th.
AIRDRKS»INO, 250 AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101egsons.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
PUPILS FOR MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
X this season; thorough and practical; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; rates reasonable or in payments.
Miss Daisy Haake, 14 Cbatta'-ooga I St., betweeen
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
I^LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLE;
tJX Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $160 to $8
P^rjvej-kj_<ree 'bus and hagg»"»- 10 and frr>m ferry.
male help WANTED.
a nted^s^c^n3^butler7must ye
* » good references, $40: butler, $30; 2 waiters,
*iis: young French cook, $30 to $40; assistant in
confectionery, French, 20, etc. LEON ANDRE,
315 Stockton su
W ANTED— SHIRT-IRONER, TYLER MA-
f £. nine ' for first-class laundry; good wages.
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton su
CU>ACHMAN WITH FIRST-CLASS CITY
\J references. $20 to 835 and found; gardener with
good references, private place near city. $25 and
found. C. R. HAN&EN & eg, 110 Geary st.
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL. $30:
ironer, hotel laundry, $30. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 110 Geary at.
0 FIRST-CLASS WAITERS WITH DRESS
*J suits for country hotel, $30; 2 waiters for an in- '
stitution, country, $25; neat young waiter fora !
clnb. $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
1 A COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR
XV/ first-class country hotel; free fare both ways;
no office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
BORERS FOR RAILROAD WO R X '
North; reduced fare; ho office fee: we ship
first of next week. C. R. HANSEN CO., 110
( Geary at. !
TITAN TED— IOO WOMEN. GIRLS, BOYS
»» and families to pick hops for large hop com-
pany in Alameda: tents on the ground; pickers
can do their own cooking or get board, cheap, at 1
the company's boarding-house; everything first
i class and reliabe; fare $1: office fees 50c. Apply
to W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay at.
WANTED-G.W. INOLIS. STENOGRAPHER,
please call at our office, 9to 10 a. m. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay at.
\\r AN STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
'» writer, young man, for large vineyard com-
pany In California: salary $30 per month: good
home and steady employment. Apply, with ref-
erences, W. D. EWKR & CO., 626 Clay st. • % -
ANTED— MACHINES! AN FOR PLANING-
miII, $2 a day and board; wagon blacks
$2 26 a day; man about place, $20 and found; en-
gineer, $35; blacksmith for sawmill; farmer and
milker, $25; shop-butcher. $25 and found ;|Amerl-
can cook for institution, $50: restaurant waiter for
country, $30: lunch cook, $7 a week : second cook
for camp. $30; baker, country shop. $35 to $40;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETJ A CO.. 628
Sacramento st. . .
Of\f) HOPPICKERS. 80c PER 100 POUNDS:
•J\J\f 6 farmers: 8 laborers; 20 tiemakers; boy
for a ranch, $5 month; choreman for vineyard: 3
ranch teamsters, $20; 3 laborers, $1 75 day; chore-
man for private residence, $20. MURRAY A
READY, leading employment agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. . .
I PANTRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25 PER
I X month and found: 3 waiters, $30 and $25: 3
I dishwashers, $15 to $25; German second baker,
! $25 and founu. MURRAY & RE DV, leading
I employment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I VTIGHT COOK. $8 A WEEK: YOUNG MAN
I -I-' for fruit ranch: dishwasher, $6 a wees; dish-
washer. $15 and room : young man as bellman and
! run elevator, $15 and room pantryman, $20, eta;
3 ironers for a steam laundry: lunch cook, $7 a
week, see party as. 9 a. m.; 2 lunch waiters: 2 boys
to wash dishes; elderly man for chonng. eta; 5
woodchoppers. MARTIN'S. 749 Market St. -
AN FOR HAY-PRESS. 12c A TON; COAL-
miners, $1 a ton; laborer for mine. $20 and
board. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
IjTREE— A 5 YEARS' RIGHT TO A RELIABLE
X party to manufacture the biggest selling article
on earth; must have small capital to work the
business. Address M-, box 108, Call Office.
W ANTKD— GOOD MEN TO SOLICIT OX
'" commission: good wages easily made: entirely
new idea: everybody succeeds. • Address WISE,
box 64, Call Office. , -
TEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PARTNER AS
cashier In restaurant . and sidebar; $75 re-
quired. 632 Market St., room 8.
rPHE HOMELIEST MAN IN SAN FRANCISCO.
X Apply Baldwin Hotel, between 12 and 1 to-
day STEVE BRODIE.
VI • AITER, PLAIN, 50 CENTS A DAY FOR A
»* few days. 312 Montgomery aye., Bohemian
restaurant.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
t» No. 27, J. B. U. A. Emplmnt bureau, 102 7th.
ARBiIRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 667 Clay.
M AMBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
W> anted— barber for SATURDAY AND
Sunday at 2612 V& Mission at., near Twenty-
second.
\\T ANTED— FIRST-CLASS BARBERS, MALE
it and female, 60c and $1. 207 Fourth at. t -
ANTKD — TWO BARBERS FOR SATUR-
day and Sunday. 358 Fourth at.
ANTED— BARBER FOit THIS AFTER-
noon. Call bet. 8 and 9 o'clock 502 -econd.
9 BARBERS WANTED AT 713 MISSION ST..
*- for Saturday and Sunday; pay 70 per cent.
OOP BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 1191 Harrison St., near Eighth.
I, ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
X> 637 Mission st.
ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. 1424 Polk si.
I < ARBER FOR SATURDAY; WAGES $3. 107
X> Third st. ■■-."■:■-,:
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
703 Howard st. .
BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
632 Third st. . -
1., ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 13 TAYLOR ST.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. SUNDAY, TUES-
day and Wednesday. 105 Fourth si.
. ARBKR WANTED. 797 MISSION STT
I I call at 9 o'clock. .
ARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
17373/ a Market st. -
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 1630 MISSION
street. ;.; .-,
OY TO LEARN DESIGNING; NO PAY*
while learning. 529 Clay st., room 7.
RIGHT, ENERGETIC HUSTLER ON SAL-
ary. Room 433, Parrot building. , ■ • .
W" ANTED — A DISHWASHER; YOUNG
man; $3 50 week. 344 Third st-
-1 c BOYS, BETWEEN 16 AND 17 YEARS OF
It/ age, wanted Immediately.' 200 Sntter sU
EPILKPSY. FITS AND CONVULSIVE DIS-
XJ eases cured by specialist. Address E. F., box
57, Call Office. ,
X\r ANTi-.D— AN IDEA; WHO CANTHINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? .' Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN A Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, _ Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
YOUNG <M A N WHO UNDERSTANDS
X stitching and work on traveling bags. Apply
at Trunk Factory, Seventeenth anil Shot well st*.
BOY WANTKD— COMMERCIAL COURSE IN
. exchange for service. M., box 40, Call Office.
; I ARBERS, • ATTENTION— I-CH AIR SHOP
' X) for sale cheap; If sold soon, for $50; good liv-
. Ing: low rent. Inquire this office.
' I*' ANTED— PLUMBER, TAILOR, BARBER,
'» groceryman, to rent fine stores. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market at.
LEANER FOR . DYEHOUSE. GOLDEN
, ' Gate Dye Works. 342 McAllister at. 1
, /"CLOTHING ; CUTTER WANTED. 20 SAN
\J some st. '.■'
' TXT ANTED- FOR THE UNITED < STATES
" Marino Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
orUrried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
' 1 character : and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
I the United States or persons who have legally ' de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
, accepted: this • Important branch of ■ the naval
■ service offers special ludncements: giving oppor-
' I . tnnlties to visit all parts of the world on board our
' 1 new cruisers. For further information apply at the
! Recrul.lng Office. 20 Kills St., San Francisco, CaL
ANTKD— SKA JIAN.. APPLY 108 CLARKE
St., California House. __
W~ E WANT TO ENGAGE'ENERGETIC MEN
, and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
' Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., B. F.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, ! 765 MISSION BET.
. ±\ 3d and 4th— Single tarnished rooms, night 15c to
60c;week $1 10 $2 60;reading-room;strlctest atten-
, tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
\K' AiM'Kl) — MEN ■■ TO . Lf.ARN -■■ BARBER
; » » -■ trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue genu . S. F. Barber school, 1616 Howard. .
ANTED— SO' MBS FOR SINGLE R()OM«; '■
$1 wees, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.,; ■
J-.N'S : HALF-SOLING, 60c.: , LADIES, 40a f:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. WUI A Fiuck's.S.F-
-•13 OOMS'I6o TO 76c PKR NIGHT: 500 TO si 60
j Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Prummau .
• .\\ HELP WANTED— Continued. _
r\ LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
XJ shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. ■
Ay ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
*» boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand: shoes to order, *3 50; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726y 3 Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTERHOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
mRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
1 IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I l gts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
S.— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
"1 1 1 A ME.N TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
ll'U and 20c anight, including oostw and roll*
€24 Washington at., near Kearny.
EST IN CITY--SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific bouse. Commercial and Leldesdorf! sts.
\\f ANTED— _A BORERS AND MECHANICS
. TT 10 know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, mill runs Denver House, 217 Third 160
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
»» f«ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay su ■
M" EN TO FEED Jli.NHA'n'A« STOC_ FOOD;
all grocers keep IS. ■ _^
ur ANTE D.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
TT ersttclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
E ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your o d shoes and make them like new ; done
while you wait: ladies' solelng, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c. ; machine-sewed 76a; hand-
sewed 65c.; fine shoes Dude to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been aamaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
$2 50. 562 Mission su, bet. First and second.
AGENTS WANTED.
G E NTS i^^ITT^N E YTi A TE ST PROPO S I-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
GENTS! BRiAN, SEW ALL AND FREE
silver; McKinley, Hobart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager Subscription
Department The Whitakor <fc Ray C 0. .723 Market.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANT^D^-3?E^v7~SU^N^7JoT^GE^OR
house, five or six rooms and bath; rent not to
exceed $20. Address P. E.. box 66. Call Office.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED-BY OCTOBER 1, FOR FAMILY
of adults and children, furnished house, 7 or
8 rooms, with larsie sunny yard: applicant re-
sponsible and reliable, able to give security and
references; state location and price. Address F.
H.. box 83. mil Office. •
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD SECOND-HAND REVOLVING BAR-
ber chair; state price. Address F. J., box 52,
CaU Office.
S~ ECOND-HAND NATIONAL CASH REGIS-
ter. 125 Seventh st.
ANTED-2 OR 3 HORSEPOWER GASO-
'» line launch. Addresa Launch, box 16, Call.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
dry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J watches repaired. MIND. '■ 133 V, Mission.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
cry ROOM HOUSE'; CLEARINGnSIOO^.Si6oO
*J\J 24 rooms: new and g00d... 500
6 rooms am? bath: flat: worth $500 225
30 -room house: $500 cash, baL payments... IHOO
22 rooms: corner bouse; new 1700
14 rooms; boarding-house; 40 boarders .'.". 125')
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $160.... 3700
18- room house on Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes ana prices.
Apply to H. C DECKER & CO., 1020 Market
at, opposite Filth.
ARGALN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
house; 20 rooms; steady, weh-paylng, respect-
able class of patronage. 26 Ninth st.; no agents.
XO-ROOM HOUSE TO LET, NEAR BALDWIN
O£ SPECK & CO . 602 Market st,.
ODGING-HOUSE: 16 ROOMS: BEST PART
city for worklngmen; $25; water free. 544 6th.
8 -ROOM LOD~GING-HOUSE; WELL FUR-
nished; must sell. Apply Call Office. '■
GOOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF 14
rooms: clears $50. Address B, box 113, CalL
CjOAA 14 ROOMS. ALL FULL; HALF CASH.
i^*j\J\J . balance roomed out. C, box 17, call.
Crl P.A 7 FURNISHED RO MS: ALL RENT
<IPX-.HJ. cd. 403 Stevenson St., cor. Fifth.
Of) HOUSES: $300 TO $8000. PH ELPS *
OV-> CO.. 917 Larkin st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I/ IRE SALt.! 'J " ~^^~--~^ rr-, -,;j;. uuu.
r . Prices stand uu goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak- bed sets ,, ; ... v , « i 8 51
Bedlounges ..; .. . ...... 800
Stoves. ■....'.■.-. :...........;.... r.. 750
Carpets, per yard ;. ' 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventa aud Mission su. X
NOON AN. '
JHA CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS, $14;
'«" stoves, $5: parlor gets. $20: folding-beds.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOtt
./A lowest prices on household goods new or goo
»new:oaMn or time, r»r>"n cvinn
FURNITURE WANTED. ~
r\FFICE FURNIT VVILL PA V HIGHEST
VJ price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
rp O SELL FURNITURE To ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTr:iN,969 Howard su ;send postal
"DUCKING HAM FURNITURE CO PAYS
XJ highest: price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNC-
tnre and merchandise gee BURP. 211 Larkin.
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Xj. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Marker, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING.
< 3 ~C - A?^RiITAT"^'HKAT r WES'rE RN^CARPET
O Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st.
JONES <fc CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth St.; teL Jessie 1061.
nAHPET CLEANING, 3c. : LAYING. Sc. : RUO
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratum. 19 Bth st.
HKN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WIT a
poor wort send to SPAULPING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : teL So. 41).
ONKLIN'SCARPKT fj-.ATINU WORKS. J.(i
Golden Gate »ye. : telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARI'KTCLEANINU.RENOVA-
VJ ting. 38 Bth. STKVKNS. mgr. TeL South 250.
OARPKTS CLJSANKP AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <t CO.. 23 Tenth: lot.
fcouth 36. D. MACKINTOSH i CO.. successors.
~| E. MITCHELL LAKt'h 1 CLEAN CO.. .'VJ
«l . 14th su: cleaning '.M: a yard.- TeL Mission 74.
LOST. . ' ■ ' .
OST— SEPT. 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM, A.
XJ O. F. No. 7556, Court Twin Peaks. Return to
1143 Market St., bet Seventh and Eighth. -- .. , ■; .
PENSION CERTIFICATE 492,947, NAME OF
SOLOMON BERLIN KB. Kindly return to
Pension Office, sansomo and Bush. •■ 4 . .: '■
OS r— LADY'S GOLD WATCH; INITIALS
U. and L on back: chain Attached; liberal re-
ward. 253 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
N LARKIN HANDBAG; JEWELRY,
money, papers; for God's sake return; poor
widow's only possessions; liberal reward. 2304
Van Ness aye. *.
iJU 'REWARD— ABOUT 3 WEEKS
tg)O ago, a gold hand with chain, on which Is a
gold fish, horseshoe, coral beads and white sea-
shelL Apply 1213 Clay st. .
I OST OK STRAYED, S.EPT. I— A, LARGE
Xj roan cow. Reward by return to Liberty Dairy,
Mission road, near five-mile House, or leave word
at SW. cor. Third and Mission sts.
OST— SUNDAY. ON SAUSALITo WHARF,
at 6:15, gold-rimmed eyeglasses. Return to
C. B. JENNINGS. 121 California sU Reward.
'IiITK FOX TERRIER (BITCH); BLACK
■T » and brown head; name Fannie: reward. 820
Bryant at. ' , :
I OST— sEPT. 1, PAST MASTER'S BADGE, A.
lv O. U. \V.; reward given. Return to 515
Eleventh st- Oakland.
~ FOUND. ~ ~ ~
AMK fo'^~P^tKl^^S^ol^"BAY""HOßSE
\J and harness: owner can have same by paying
for advertising. FRANK S. KNOWLES. Union
Para. . ! - .. ,..■
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. "
FRANK SHaY, ATTORN^-TTrLTwT^OOM
421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
TOHN X i:ICHARD«, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
t, San^an^s^aL' bUUding: .«•»*«•.«-
J k^s £". A 1 TKK - N - , AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O au> a ai !aw. rms ul o. j 1 ij. 5 h floor, Parrott oldg.
gT^RA^jlcH^PEsTlN^H^clTTrF^^
STOR AG K-CHEA"p^T^N"TiSE^nT r V ? FIREI
O prooi building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
..ipUKNITURii PIANOS, trunks- a~t>
X vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 PosL
A S" w B «J TiI « FUKNITUBE CO.. i«» KLLIS;
-CV. Jow rates: tire-proof building: Kasicru plan.
/ TO LEASE. ~~
Fco^ K^.nr T «°^ LEASE-50-VA RA^OTTsE
J- cor. Polk and Jackson sts ■ rent $50 per
month. .Address J. a .. 427 Sansome st. &F. **'
TYPEWRITERS.
pAI-IGRAPH, $15: REMINGTON. $36. SCOTT
U * BANN AN, 333 Montgomery stL SCOTT
BUSINESS^CHANCES.
' frcTBUYORSELLi A BUSINKSSOF ANY KIND
1 see MYERS «fc GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
ECHANICS, ATTENTION! -$1000 WILL
buy a. firs--c!ass old-established machine-
shop tully equipped for business; tin and sheetlroa
work- galvanizing, galvanized iron, rollers for
cold concentrators, ship tanks and carburetters;
Kas fitting, roofing, plumbinc »nd general jobbing.
See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
<n> 'jnn painters, ATTENTION !-l weinT
«Tp.)U". wrl;ht whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipments, Including one horse. 2 sets
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
richt to operate in the City and County of San
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
$"i^n RESTAURANT; JUNCTION OF
J.OV. principal street; car lines; regular and
transient trade: doing good business: (sickness),
See MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market aU
»>1 PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 5-
— X room house free for an investment of $500,
which buys 2 bouses and large stable. MYKRa
dtOnAHAM, 777 Market st.
UTCHERS, ' ATTENTION —THE FINEST
butcher-shop in San Francisco, doing a large
business: this is a bargain that will not last: in-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires: this
business is open for Investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777
Market aU .__
/n> f) -ft FINE RESTAURANT AND OY>TER
JJj^OU. parlor; half block from Market at, in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. Sea
GRAHAM & MY ERS. 777 Market st.
<H» I/1A RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
tlb^lUU. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; fu'l inves-
tigation. See MYERS <fe GRAHAM. 777 Markeu
01? 7 f^A candy FACTORY and icecream;
»]p I O\) parlor, elegant locality; established
long: rent cheap: if you see this place it will inter-
est you, as it is paying welL T. LUBELSKI.7
City Hall aye. ■'
a* onnn elegant. well-established
tJp^UUU. paying business; a rare chance for
1 or 2 energetic business men; Investigation will
show it to be the finest business ever offered for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 Glty Hall aye.
C«O£./Y CIGAR-STORE; SEE IT IMMFDI-
rJpZtJU. ately: best bargain offered In San Fran-
cisco. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenne.
_• 1 (\f\f\ PARTNER IN. ELEGANT PAY-
<Jp J UUU. ing office business; a rare chance foe
the right man; the fullest investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
OT»£/\n. partner in stationery busi-
tjpDvV/. ness across the bay; fine locality; good
stock and fixtures: only object in taking partner
is to have interested party in the business.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. ;
d|.r;iiA ONE OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
lull, rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 28 years: has
always made money: stand full investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erly. T. LUBELSKI, 7 city Hall aye. ■
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;"
IT new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
llKhied basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st, and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
.Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sine on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. tiILV_RBERU, 320
tansome St., room 39.
T^OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
-T ■ lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
iii fine order; has a due day and nieht trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sicknf ss the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
T GREAT SACRIFICE. " ~~"
A large and complete stock of human hair
switches, front pieces, wigs, fancy goods and fix.
lures, formerly the property of MRS. HUBBARD.
Inquire at DAVIS. HABER & COl'S, 211 Pine st-,
or at 1310 and 1312 Market st.
RARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
chicken ranch: worth $1000: for $200; Im-
mediately; lor,? lease: 4 acres: 5-roomea house;
$la 5u month. Inquire Postoffice, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place,
ANTED— AC! IVE MEN AND WOMEN
for permanent and paying business: work:
light and profitable. Call at my office, T. KIND-
LESPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin at.,
Oakland.
fflj lOC BRANCH BAKERY AND AND
tg? l^O. store; rent $12. SKIFF, 921 Market.
<B* O7 £ HOME BAKERY; CLEARS $100 A
<PO I O. -month: rent $17. SKIFF, 921 Market.
FOR SALE— NICE RETAIL BU ICHER BUSl-
ness fitted up for pork packing and sausage
manufacturing; centrally located; cheap rent;
good trade. Inquire at premises, 1424 Howard st.
T3ARE CKA.XCE- FRENCH LIQUOK-STORE;
XV principal corner of city; o'.d established; doing
good, steady business: must be seen 10 be aprre*
dated; sold account of old age. L. S., box 16, Call.
IP OR SALE — BAKEKY AND VARIETY
! X store surrounded by schools and factories; &
rooms attached: low rent with lease: owner goes
to Europe ; no agents. Inqulra at Call Office.
BICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHUP;
well established; good location: full line 01
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcauizer: opening
for a machinist. 1113 Market St.
ARGAIN;- OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON
cheap: good transient and lodging-house trade;
pood cause for proprietor quitting business; rent
$20. 319 Third st.; no agents.
p OOD CHANCE FOR DRESSMAKER: WISH-
VJ ing to sell business, every thin:; combined;
reasonable; account of leaving State: good loca-
tion. Inquire 1215% Powell.
ffljl Of\(\ RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; ES-
«TJ £.\J\J. tablished 15 years; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring; investigation given:
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth st.
RUG STORE ON INVOICE AND IN NICE
li cation; fine chance for a physician or young
druggist: small but complete. Address D. s., box
162, Call Office. '
QjCnn RESTAURANT AND 6 ROOMS UP-
«IrUUU. stairs; fine location. DECKER, 1030
Market su
PARTNER WANTED IN NICE SALOON AT
prominent' transfer corner; small capital re-
quired; or will sell as a whole. 317 V a Tenth at.
pARTNKR WANTED IN FIRST-CLASS
X grocery and saloon. Inquire at Broaaway
brewery or H. CAMPE. 221 Front at.
0" SLY $7-: MUST SELL AT ONCE; STORE;
fruit, candles, etc; good location: rent only $10*
gee this. 1618 Central aye., nr. sutter st.
, ARGAIN: SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
■ to $18 dally: rent $20: nep.r San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California at.
BAKERY, CANDY, NOTION-STORE: GOOD
location: bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office, 339 Hayea st.
% I "SO WK . L L- ESTABLISHED RESTAUR-
«Z> 1 «JV/. ant for 11 years; near City Hall. 324
LarkinsU
C»v^ AVERAGE WEEKLY NET lat'OMß
«JpOc» $250 Invested: safe, conservative": prospec-
tua, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N.y.
\ T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. . OWAN BUYS
■i \ stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise-
sells on commission. Room 16,26 Montgomery.
C 1 5() CIGAR-STOKE. WHOLESALE DlS-
*lpl.U\!. trie : full value in stock; good busl-
ness; rent $20. 26 First. __* ~^
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,"
L' close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
tcis office.
©1 X(\ FRUIT AND VEGIiIABLK >IORkT
.•pXtiU. rent $17; bargain. SKIFF. 921 Market.
§I f)A FIRST- CLASS RETAIL LIQUOR
tipuv/V. business: a fine chance. Call 230 Third.
SALOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. B^9
Howard st. *
_ DENTISTS.
pROOME DENT A L^Cs^ol3TaTlOnT7s9 mTr-"
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
ettracting.with gas, $1; platea. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
1 R. L v DLUM ~"HIL"LVlll43~ MARKET ST
XJ near Eleventh: no chars •> for extracting wuei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
"I"\R. UtoaiiK W. LEEK, TriK GENUINE
X/ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20O Farrellst.
ULL SET OF U'Ei-.T H, $7; WARRANTED
.X five years; extraction, 50c.; fillings, 60c.-
-crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth!
V>IRSI -CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction-
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 600 s u t t
IAU.L. T. . KAN /.-EX 1 R ACTION PAINLES.sT
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st.. cor. Grant avV.
%1 tJ^ Xi * OB L TEKTIi : warranted as"
«iP • good as can be made: filling $1 Dr SIMM*?
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION; 60? CROW?
bridge work a epecialty; plates, $snn- is iiirVf
experteiice. K. L. W aLshT P.P.* ffs v^tw^
LL WORK TO SUIT T IMES-WARRA NTPn"
. DR- HEA, 1370 Marketst., froniciV^HJ.f P>
DR. PUCKETT, 1703 PO^T .ST.. NEAR BuZ
cnanan: cas given; crown and teM^tS,*
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAtC
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market «
S^^L^ri^Po,^^ I^^' 1^ ■"-■
/ iQUTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION Hurf MArt"
UK. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET/COR, uot nW
Gate IV-08.8 evening sunuav, "| X
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW." *
A DVlcTFllE^^luVoltcinXwTT^PE^
tended t> WMera3_?gB--»
N°k A - FLOOD > LAWYER, 636 PARROTT
IV building: consultations free; moderate feel
LEGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED «,,.„„■
G J 0 E U F^RESs y 4 : (^ ICe freeaad confident.^
G. JEFi; R_.S3, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
ADVICF FREE: NO CHARGE UNLKSS SPtv."
, cessful. W. W. DA VIDSQNr927 Market s^
VV *V. L AM ' ATT V - AT- LA W, 381 PARROTT
TT .bldg. Practices 11 nil courts -.charges moderate
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT- LAW CHRON-
. icle olds: advice free: moderate: open evngs.
! SUPPLIES. — ~~
. T^EW HOUSE JUST OPENED. i.KAR?
J.^l full line latest and best: cameras repaired :
iree UarK room; send tor catalog, Cal. Camera C*HOt'SES TO LEX.
IOAC BRYANT-9 ROOMaTPAKiLY'vUR'-
-1 -.WU nished: rent $20. —
0 BOOM*, BATH, LAUNDRY AND INFIN-
C ish«^l basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on quiet, delightful street; opposite private park;
«32 60. PKMP.STKR, 33 Glen Park aye , off 12th.
AY-WINDOW HOUSK OF 4 ROOMS; 212
1 PeT y ?t U »',S, ff ,X ourlh !' ; »Ii! 50: water free. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
1 vELAWaKK COUKT, OFF SUTTER, I'KT.
cli a, 6 Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central;
91 I* " ick °sy AVii, BET.' GOUGH AND
Miv Octavla-5 rooms: yard; water free; $1L
1 1 LIBERTY, NEAR VALENCIA, MISSION
xx warm belt: house 8 rooms and bath; large
yard; cheap. Inquire 706 Ivy aye. )
1 80 ( ) SUT TER— NICE SUNNY HOUSE OK 0
x c.v/ 1-' rooms; ( large closets: bath; rent £45;
water Included. 
©9O 2814 LAGUNA K.T.; EuU»i-. »ll wJd.-5.
U. — y>. $14— 1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
T\TICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
-*•' Addition : 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sanaomw st.
C^HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COR.
1 California and Laguna sts. Go see It. :
busES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery at.
OPLENDID 12- ROOM HOUSE, 3392 TWENTY-.
k-J first street,' cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
>nc or private residence; very low rent t^ee It.
cottages TO let.
SUNNY 1 OTTAGEB, -i AND bTbOOMsTbATH,
i~> basement, stable. Alleen aye., off 15th St., far.
Dolores.
SUNNY MODKRX COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND
bath: large flower garden and cellar. BIS Grove.
9X94. MISSIO~N— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
: rooms and bath; yard: rlowerßarden: $18.
EDUCE.I) ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
J.V Geary. Slitter, Franklin and other streets; Ret
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A. CO., 602
Market su
furnished flats,
ounny fla^T^^om^,~¥at^~?urni-
"■- ture ior sale, reut $16. 1911 a Hyde St.; no
dealers.
FLATS TO X.ET.
A 25 PKR CENT U^DUrTI7TN7^2^BEAUTT
-M- ful n<>w flats: SE. cor. Fillmore and McAllis-
ter sts.: $37 60. $32 60: 7 rooms and bath em.' ll:
reduced from $16, $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
linisb. sunny rooms, etc.; a bargain. SHaIN-
WALD, BUCKBEI-: A CO., 218, 220 Montgomery.
ctavia, BET. waller AND HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia— lent greatly reduced: the
cheapest flats in the city ; sun all day; will be put
In first-class order; 8 and 7 rooms and bath ; $20
and $25.
Q1 O HYDE— THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
OXO In the city, centrally located: five minutes
from Kearny or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc.
IF YOU WANT a NICE SUNNY FLAT. OR
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
1 1 .;i GUERRERO, CORNER OF TWKNTY-
J XUI fourth— New 4 rooms and bath, $12: 6
and 7 rooms, $16 and $18. .
9 FLATS 7 KOOMS, BATH, REDUCED FROM.
— $22 50 to $18. Apply MADISON <fe BURKE.
KENT CHEAP— FLAT FOUR ROOMS. . 615
Thirteenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
91 7O FIFTEENTH, Nil. MARKET— SUNNY
— lIP flat of 5 rooms and bath; $14.
99 STOCKTON PLACE, OFF STOCKTON ST.—
+*■£* Flat of 4 rooms; supny.
<> 1 A 3 ROOMS AND HALL. 6 BOWIE
0 x\J . aye., off Eleventh st.
UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY
\-i tub, tiled sink, door opener, electric bells, etc,
overiorking private park, $20: lower flat. 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, $25; all in
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
86 Glen Park aye. :
1 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH:- SECOND
*± floor: clean: delightful private street, $15.
DEMPSTER, 36 Gien Park aye., off Twelfth.
L LAT 4 OR 5 ROOMS, BATH: 1 HEAP. 1513
r Taylor at., bet. Pacific and iiroadway.
PEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL: 2 FLATS
x 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove st.
, IG REDUCTION IN RENTS: ELKGANT
1/ $40 flats reduced to $30 and $20; y 2 month
free: good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
\\7 kl; -fup.ni-hed SUNNY CPPEUFLAT:
''4 rooms and bath; cheap rent; everything
separate and modern, Lor. Park st. and Biumltng
aye., Alameda.
©1 C MV. SUNNY UPPER FLAT OP 6
vi". rooms; batn. 2974 23d St., nr. Harrison.
1 QQ LILY AVE.— S LARUE SUNNY BLOOMS;
lot) yard; basement.
»_>fW« LOMBARD, NKAH DUPONT— CHEAP-
"" est flats in town: 5 rooms and bath; re-
duced to If 13: nice order. .
."I THd POST— 3 A.HU 4 ROOM JSUX2f V FLATS:
1 I UO garden: bath; $13 and $16. • ■
COAa TURK— REAK SUNNY UPPERFLAT;
O£.\J all light rooms; rent $12. - -
r.~ IP PKR FLAT: 4 ROOMS. YARD AND
»*r • . water; all separate. 1111 Elm aye.
ORNEK MIDDLE FLAT; 419 THIRD 7
' rooms and bath; rent $30. Key a: 417 Third.
1 OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
XJ near Mason St.; no car fare; healthy; $12.
TTTTj LOWER BAY WINDOW FLAT: 5
•„ —U. rooms: bath: modern : improvements.
ApDly 1118 Green St., bet. Hyde and Larkin
IJIURNISHED i'LAI; 4 J.:ouju.o; iil... 1 TToT
X 2533 Mission st.
LAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
1613 FoliOm St., near Twelfth.
ANTED— 2OO GOOJJTji.nA.Msj At.\ 1 .>,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market St.
SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
CHOICE SUNNY FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
\J bath: Parkview. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
FLATS TO KENT ft)K ' VBRY LI 1 1 Lli
money at BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery au
"I -1 Ql MISSION— FLAT 6 LARGE, SUNNY.
XOXO% papered rooms; baih; laundry; water
free.
©91 CA FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT: 6
»!?•- 1 *O\J rooms and bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts.
1 9fV ASH AYE.. OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
XZi\J Polk— lower flat; $15.
FRENCH FLAT: 4 P.OOMS, BATH; WASH-
X house and stationary tubs. 3941 Gu rrero si.
J^LAT: 3ROOMS.BAThTneWLY PAPERED;
' Mission warm belt. 3513 '215t, nr. Valencia. ,
"VTICE UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS: NEWLY
i.' renovated: rent reasonable. 327 Haizht st.
* >VE_K'B NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
WKEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Bush Street. ". —~^^.
9QI 91 BY S H — NEWLY FURNISHED
X»)2 suite; also light housekeeping rooms;
00 children.
. Castro Street.
A{\£. CASTRO (REAR) — 3 NICE SUNNY
rzxJO rooms; large yard ; stable: $9. ■
Clay Street.
f?GA7 CLAY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
J-tJV 1 rooms and front ana buck parlor.
j_ddy Place. ~~~ .
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
i) IO nlsbed rooms: fine location; private fam-
ily; gas range; reference. .
'C,l 7 EDDY HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS;
Ox I nl eiy furnished; splendid location; pri-
vate family. •
Eighth Street.
C)(\ NINTH FT. -FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
—\J suites or single; gas or wood stove.
Ellis Street. ~
QQA ELLrS — LARGE FURNISHED ROOM;
OO' J also housekeeping rooms In rear.
i oikoni "it.iet)..
prof; FOI.SOM — LARGESUNNY FURNISHED
OZO room: light housekeeping: $1 75a week.
QXf\ FOL->O.U — SUNNY . fcf.VULE ROOM;
OO' ' also- coanectlng houaekc-ep.ng room: pri-
vate family. •'
i.uiueu dam A\ciiu«.
gag GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
OUO uished rm. fur housekepng. $10; others. $6.
1.0 ward -iirfti .
QQCI HOWARD— LARUE SUNNY HOUSE-
'JijOs keeping 8ul:e<: single rooms: reasonable.
1 IAO HOWARD- 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW.
llii. furnished housekeeping rooms: range;
rent $10. ........ -.-..-
11 ' A A HOWARD"— FRONT HOUsEKU KPINO
11 -'X rooms: $10, $15: gns: bath.
1 £Z(\(i ROW ABO — 8 ROOMS COMPLETE
I OUU ior housekeeping: g;>s: private family.
i jiie Street. •
-j (\r\(\l HYPE, COR. PINE; UNFURNISHED
IUUv/3 sunny rooms.
Kearny .Street.
£ OB LKSS BOOMS. KEAKNY, NEAR SUT-
*J ter; gas and water free. Ap : I.r 16 Grant aye.
-..-.--.. '-■ : Lacuna street. •
ni\r\ LAGUNA,' CO K. I.LISTER— SUNNY
oVJVJ housekeeping panors with gas stove.
i.. ii km street;
AQ Q LARKIN - NICELY FUK N I S D
•: _>' knnny rooms for housekeeping; also single.
'■ LeHveuwortb street. •
(mc LEAVENWORTH — LARGE INFUR-
S.Z.*) nish'd front room: American family of
u'juiis; fs£i§Sl9R__ffl9il
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
1917 MISBION - FRONT BAY-WINDOW
J "' 1 Bunny suites; com pie c for housekeeping.
■j 1100 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
1 *•*--£' rooms; complete for housekeeping; gas
and bath. 7 . . ■ > , •-,. .
■Natoma street.' •
SCC NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
OOO ing rooms; $8 and 910 per month. Apply
afternoons. ■■■-■.„ * "^ : .
Oak Street.
ffljQ SUNNY CORNER ROOM; KITCHEN;
____ ______ floor; unfurnished. 48 Paw su
71 Q OAK— LA 15GE FRONT Ro6m:BONNY
IX O yard, etc. ; housekeeping if desired; no ob-
jection to one child.
- -luckton Place.
900 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY— 2 OR 3
*■<"" sunny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
v fclxtuJ»-,r«e;.
"I OK SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
XZiO housekeeping rooms and others. •
Sixteenth Street.
Qn*>^ SIXTEENTH. BET. MISSION AND
O\J —tJ Valencia— furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath included. «. ','
butter street.
7Q9 SUTTER. NEAR JONES— NICELY FUR-
i OZ 1 nished rooms for housekeeping: low , rent.
Third Mrce..
I A Q THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X'xO rooms: complete: bath; gas,
Washington street.
tAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY U N VU R -
O\J— nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
Welch Street.
m WELSH, OFFFOURTH-2 OB 3 NICELY
furnished rooms: housekeeping: cheap.
Twenty-sixth Street. .
QQf'7 TWENTY -SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
000 i Furnished pleasant housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent.
31 is cell an 00 us.
00l GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
— —.-; n>n:l:ig Bfrency ; no fee '.ox restlsterins.
KOOMS TO LET.
'. Bryant Street.
-J 1 OB BRYANT, NEAR SECOND— SUNNY
v 1 — furnished room, bath and gas, cheap.
j >.uv Mt mm
A I EDDY. CORNER MASON— NICELY FUR-
"4 1 lushed, clean, sunny rooms; day, week or
month. Tel. Jessie 411. The Portsmouth.
11 Q EDDY— NEAT, &UNNY RuOil FOR
I IO gentlemen; $6.
I "I v KDDY-B Y-WINDOWFKONT SUITE;
XJ.O cheap; other newly furnished rooms: $6 up.
990 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
«-*-U suites and single: also light housekeeping.
A*) A EDDY— FINE, SUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
iZ.^x n:s>i"d rooms: house first class in every re-
spect; terms reasonable.
L- k uin .too..
QHERMA* APARTMENT HOUSE, rs STH
10 f-:.. near Market-, lurnishact ml nnfurnisheO.
i_..i- vti.«»..
rrnK RAMONA. 130 ELLIS: MR% KATE R.
1 HART, manager— A quiet bouse: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cola water.
Q9I ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
0.—.1 lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
Fulton Street.
11 Q FULTON — 2 ~NICELY FURNISHED
Li O rooms; sunny; gas and bath. - '
t.tary St: eel.
9-1 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY P.OOMS IN REAR;
«li cottage; key premises. 1 '
Ol rr GEARY— P.IOMS FROM $4 TO
OX 1 $6 for gentlemen: private.
79 I GEARY— NICELY FURNISH'D ROOMS;
I — L rent reasonable.
< taieii <>a>e .tuuue,
O-l fi GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
OX room for one or two gentlemen. :
. Harrison street.
NICE SINGLE AND DOUBLE ROOMS, WITH
i.l bath. 416 Harrison at.
Hickory Avenue.
1 HICKORY ■ AYR.-3 1 LARGE" t'NFUR-
i— 'J iiisbed rooms; 97. Apply upstairs
xiutvaid sii«o..
f*nO HOWARD— sunny si.vole ■' ROOM;
\J—dO gaa and bath: rent reasonable.
If\A HOWARD — FINELY FURNISHED
I vJ'x front rooms: housekeeping rooms; cheap.-
-«J «j lies Strew
907 -'ONFR— THE \ an* WIKfCMt: SCITW
j—yJ I - m»nßeerr.ent: elegant tunny snlu>s suU
tins;',*: rifwly turnished: bath. *ic. : «1O u>»3n.~.- -"•.
qir\ I .ONES — ELEGANTLY , FUiiNIsHKD
Ov/ 1 sunuy rooms:suite or single: private family
C 1 1 Jones— NEWLY furnished Fi.ont
OXX alcove sunny parlor: also other rooms.
'■ cirnr stroo..
9Q KEAKNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— O terms reasonable: quiet house.
QA KKAKNY— WELL-FURNISHED FRONT
O\J sunny suite; single rooms; electric liehts.
*. KLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KKAKNY —
* V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; lira;
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
j.oikr: >.ica..
pUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— KIN-
VJ eie front rooms and suites, 50c to $160 per
night; $3 to $6 per week; offices to let.
"VOSEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — rh.K
1 night. 36c to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5; fttmlllea
.. Mason Street. .
"I nO MASON— FLAT SUITABLE FOR DOC-
lv- tor or dressmaker; unfurnished basement.
ktttlßl strcni..
CC\O MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
0 IO rooms; 15c to 60c per^lght: $1 to $2 week.
079 MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE;
011 physician's offices lor years: also other rms.
1 991 MISSION— LARGE SUNNY PARLOR,
xAAx 811; also single room, $6.
Natoum Street.
nni NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH— 2 OR 3 FUR-
IUI nlsbed or unfurnished rooms.
Oak street. .
"1 9^l LARGE BAY-WINDOW BIDE
X^-'O't room and kitchen. •
...-.•. O'i-arrell Sirees.
99Q O'FARRELL, NEAR MASON — NICE,
-"-~O sunny room; suitable for 2 gentlemen or
man and wife. -
097 O'FARRELL— LARGE FRONT ROOM
O£t I and kitchen, unfurnished. $10; single, fur-
nished, $5 and $6.
71 O O'FARKELL — NICELY FURNISHED
I X\J back parlor: terms moderate, .
Q9Q O'FARRELL — NICE FRONT ROOM
O^O well furnished; suitable for 1 or 2 gents;
cheap.
Pine Street.
(*1 1 PIVE-3 SUNNY ROOMS; $4, $5 AND
Ui-J $10 per month; for gentlemen. ■ -
Post Street.
A-l Q POST-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
ttXO rooms.
71 O POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I XO rooms: suite or single: all conveniences.
Powell Street.
91 9-214 POWELL' (WILLISFORD)— RS.
£ll£t tlrely renovatea throughout; newly fur-
nlibnd rooms: en suite orsingle: terms reasonable.
90 C POWELL, ( OR. WEARY— SUNNY ROOM .
—— O newly for., $8: also large sunny cor. room.
Stevenson street.
Af\O STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH-FURNISH-
— \JO ed rooms to suit. .
090 Si'EVENSON. off SEVENTH— sUNNY
\->_iO famished room, suitable for 1 or 2, cheap.
Stockton rureet.
U STOCKTON — NICELY fURNISHED
.large room: $2 a week; gen leman.
XjiUKOPEAN (THK), 17 STOCKTON-FUR-
XJ nish< d Bnlte», $4 to $10;*slnele rooms. $1 60 to
$.i week; 60c to $2 night: hot and cold running
water in every room; baths; e.evator: transient
solicited. . ■ ... ■
■VTKW PYRNEK HOUSE. 1314 STOCKTON-
XI Front aultesi single rooms; housekping;ch»ap.
• »•• >«;r - iree.. ,
Of\Q SUTTKR-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO 81 26 to $10 wk: night 2tc to $1 60: transi.
mfcUTTE I*. -II A NDSOM E~ ROOM AND
suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
70°. HlTi'Ki;, COM. TA YLOK-IiLKGANTLY
t\JO newly furnished sunny rms.; r single.
11 48 SUTTER, CORNER POLK- OR - 3
XX _O connecting front rooms, over Wakelee's
drugstore, suitable for doctor or any other busi-
ness. ;..':. ■ ■ , -- •■;■ -.... . .-■....
TT/iC SUTTER. COB. POLK-SUNNY ROOMS:
1J TU nicely furnished; light housekeeping. ,'
lay lor Street.
I n<i TAYLOR-SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
X\JO and doable; 81 50 a week up.
r 1 O TAYLOR— NEWLY 'fDKMSHEU SU.N-
-t)IU ny single ana double rooms: private family.
O-l () TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
\jx£ al»o «oiio; miii xeuaouabie.
TMiH SAJN JfKANCISCO CALL., SATUKUAY, SiUJfTJSMHEK 5, 1896.
ROOMS TO liET— Conttntied. \
Tenth Street. . . .
m TENTH — LARGE . SUNNY ROOMS;
housekeeping if desired. • . .- /" • •
' 'kitirtl >tr«oi.
1 7 THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
-L I quiet house. . ' - . ■
•I uric Street.
1 AOA TURK, CORN BTEINER— NEATLY
J jOt furnish- d moms for gentlemen.. s3.
IJOAKDING AND KOOBIS.
'7"p(Sst^2oTicl£ lyltkni he d TXroe
I XZi rooms, wultable for 2, with board $20 each.
orvQ JONES-NEWLY FU N I s II kT» SUNNY
Ov«' rooms, suite or single, with board for 2; $50.
QUNNY FRONT ROOM, WITH BOARD, IX
0 private iamily without children: reasonable
for a lit: girl or young lady. Apply Call Office.
II .i EDDY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'11- parlors for young men; good board: $20
each. - -• ■ ...
1 COfV CALIFORNIA — PLEASANT SUNNY
.l_«J_.v parlors; newly furnished; other rooms;
board optional. - ■ ' .
7 CJ9 O'FARKELL— IX A REFINED HOME
.4 \J+j newly furnished sunny front rooms: table
first class: terms reasonable. •' ■
Qf\G VAN NESS DESIRABLE SUNNY
OUO rooms: first-class table board; reasonable'
OTi-.L BERTLINU. 714 r.I»H-A FAMILY
Lotel: re)i-ri'uc« Klveu tiuu itijuireJ: kiliuoU-
t-i-i rciiivpnlcn, e^.
CHILDREN BOAKDED.
T ADY OF EXPERIENCE WISHES CHILD
-i to board: personal attention: mother's care;
healthy location : . large grounds. 2519 Col.ege
aye.. Berkeley, Cal.
\\T CHILDREN' TO BOARD IN
'» pleasant home; beat of care. Call or address
1819 Webster St.. Alamerta. .
STOKES TO LET;
3 STORES, 4 LIVING-ROOMS; REDUCED TO
O £20 and $18: suitable for any business: no
bakery in location. Apply MADIsON <& BURKE;
key grocery. Polk and Grove sts.
STOKE TO LET. 2206 FILLMORE ST.. NEAR
Sacramento: rent 810.
fflj I C STORE and FIXTURES AND 3
<© xO. rooms. 213 Fourteenth st. __
STORE OF TWO" V I NG-ROOMS; FINE
chance grocer. 452 Haight st.|
STORK, WITH 3 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster EU; choice location for
drugstore. '
CTORE; GUERREiiO AND TWENTY-THIRD
Cats.; concrete cellar; built tor druggist; best in
Mission for drugstore.
QTORE;- VaLKNCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
k. s.; choice location: adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store
OFFICES TO i^ET.
QPBKCKELSi BUILDING. 927 MARKKT-
O Elegant siMinv offices. $12 50 up: electrio-llght;
heating and it>nltor service free. Apply xt building
fir >i. H. UMBSEN <fe CO.. 14 Mnntgomirv *t.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE AND barn TO LET; RENT. $8.
O 1819 O'l-'arrcll st. -
musical INSTKUMENTS.
ACTUALLY THE BIST BAHGAINS IN Pt-
anos; see our 1 st for this week; pianos on $3,
?4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $15. 9-0 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in v • city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
A- Kenrny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
»3, $4, $5, $6. $7. $8. $9, $10, $12, 815. $20 aud
925 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr eps to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us fur about seme payments? every
piano guaranteed; tine wood-seat stool and draped -
cover included: no charge for druyage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY & CO., cor. Kearuy end butter *t».. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for the Pacific Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 52b Hayes bl, between
Uctavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
over four times the. amount of instruments than
formerly : a'< I buy for cash and in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for leas money
than any other music house in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HaRRY SCOTT.
A CARLOAD STRICTLY FIRsT- CCASS.
high-grade, up-to-date pianos, ail modern im-
provements, guaranteed the equal In every way of
any piano wade, on monthly pay men s of $5: no
such offer ever before made by any house handling
reputable make*; each Instrument. fully guaran-
teed: line stool and cover with each; delivered free
anywhere in this city and k?pt tuind by expert
concert tuners. Call and see for yourself at 111 X
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S salesrooms, 933 Market
su, opposite Mason. ■ ••
fl&-7K BARGAIN; STEINWAY PIANO. EX-
<E> i «->.ceilent order;ea y terms. 221 Leaven worth
R .ND IP1:1G, T PIaNO, $150; A BAl£
gain. 1200 Webster st.
Vf AGN'IFICENT STKIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
Hi Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
C ILKA RAN CK S.iLE-HAINKS, KNABK AND
VJ Bush and Gen's pianos; cleannL--out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Pos; »U
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR C \-H.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next HiDerni* Bank.
1 AROAIN— DECKER & SON UPRIGHT, 9*60.
L> MAUVAIS, 769 Market st. - - .-
<£ I h\(\ BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
IOU. ton make piano. BRUENN's, 228 Post.
O. badger, sulk AGENT ton hallkt
._. Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. COB -ac'to
HICKEKINU, KNABK. STECK.VOSE.STEK-
Iing pianos: see our new piano for $187; piano*
or rent BKNJ. CUKTA- «fc SON, ltf u'Farre.t.
I J YKUN llAi/.Y, Mm POST ST.— KOU-IIU,
-»-' -Newbv <fc i-.vuns. )irl«es and other planon. .
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKUJs. OLDANKW
0 H. MtJLLEP.. maker, repairer. 2 Utiharn nlac*.
HOUSES.
C A HEAD DRIVING AMD WORK HORS-S;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at.
EIBOLD HARN_»3 COMPANY; 600 SETS
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for !• ss money than you can buy Ea<tera
trash; send for catalogue. 11') McAllister su.S. F.
"1 ' i| SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HA
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surrf.v-%
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission i.
I AHGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALTER
J-» broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
&(\'(\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
tJ\J\J ness: all kinds; buggy. waiion, cart.«, surrey
— rockawav; 40 cheap bors^s. 15th urn Valencia.
AI ) HORSES *'Ort SALE; ALSO WAUON-i
_\J buggies, carls, harness: Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 Hlx.h st. ;■ auction soles every W«uu«*
ciav. SULI.IV ' V a- ['lyin. Anrtlonfr^
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGESJ. ;
Good'"deli very" horse and wagon
for sale. Apply 1619 Powell st.
LOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
-T carriages of every Iptlon: cash, notes or
Installments.' <arv:ll Mfq; Co.; 46-48 Bth St.. S. P.
MEDICAL .
A" "bless TO ladies SUFFERIIfO
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment-
never falls; perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes then:! sick to make them well-
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home 'In confinement. DX. _, MRS
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank-
consult free: French regulating pink pills 9J;
hours from 9 a. M. to 6 p. _. and 7 to 9 p. it.
LL CASES. OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
- stored in a few hour.4; sate and sure relief
guaranteed: traveler* helped without delay; pri-
vate home In c<>nliQ'-ni*ut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us^d; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential
- MRS. Pit. WYE'i H. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
AN PROCKS«*_.NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used every woman her
own physician for til female tiouMes. no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day; •
can be sent and used nt home: all cases guaranteed:
if you' wan: 10 be treated safe and sure call on*
man pnyglc-lan. Pit. t'OPPER. 318 Kearny su
LPiiAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lau'es troubled with Irreguiurltles: no danger-
safe and sure; *2 50 press '. O. D. -. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BUOS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
cialiy; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: nest care:
low fees: pills $-J. Moved to 904 McAllister st
MR.>. ;>K. TAKES LADIICS BK-
lore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. -.;.;■
UKE CUKE FOR ALL FtMALK DISEASES
0 from whatever cause: a home in confiiu-men:
with every comfort;: satisfaction cuurumt'ed. by
MRS. DR. GU YI.R, 226 'lurk su
MRS. J. A. ACH RD.'MIDWIFE— HOME
cuulinetuent; .25 experience. 656 Mis-
sion St. " ■ ,
ÜBS. M. K. RODOEHS, PRIVATE HOME IN
111 conlinemcnt; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. Doha gray— all female com-
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 3-7 Eddy.
IF IRREGULAR OK A.NY 1 l-.MALI. DI-EAoK
see MRS. DX. PUETZ and becontent. 264yjt 4th.
K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STRKET. NEAR
Jones.' Diseases of women and children. ■ :
DRIVAIK HOMI. IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
I)K I'U m -Kr. 1416 Eighth il.. .«liinv"la.
. PHYSICIANS.. ■ : I ■ ~~
iTTcTTT^'DO-VnTll, 1206 MARKET, COR
Golden Gate aye. -.diseases of women a specialty.'
' 1 ION'T FAIL TO CONSULT -DR. JORDAN AT
U hla museum, -1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of lair treat mem; -
U.t worst utct UcaluU JMtwiMtiwUi/ fajr mvi.
PERSONALS^
L"~"TdT~(ST~HAN~ER) DEiIRES GENTLK-
man partner; $'.'6 capital. R. 2. 12. Post at.
4 YOUNG MEN TO BOARD AND ROOM; ?i!0
each; all comiorta Of home. 412 Eddy si. <.-
■HAIRY PRODUCE, BUTTER, CHEESE, EGGS
XJ and poultry, wholesale and retail. 1025 Howard.
TV/1 ECHANKS' FAIR SHO WCA RDS. ~BuX
-»!'■ cards, $1 50 per 1000. HILL, '-'2Va Geary st.
ADIB EVAN*' COSMETIC PARLORS;
manicuring: halrdresslng. 865V 3 Market, r. 12.
/COMPETENT LADY TEACHER WILL GIVE
\J lessons in the English branches - iv .exchange
for reading aloud. Address Teacher, box 65, Call. .
SOUTH 8. F. MARKET— ALL KINDS OF
0 fresh and corned meats. CHAS. FAUSER,
1212 Railroad aye.
L INE watch REPAIRING. JEWELRY
-T made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground :
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; nocharge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law. S5O Market st.
OLD AND SILVER FIGHTS DON'T AF-
fect my. business; I'll dress the hair just as
skillfully as ever for 25c: have enlarged my estab-
lishment; have you tried "Quinonla" hair tonic for
dandruff? 36c a bottle. G. LEDEKER, m
Stockton st. .-'.- .-■;■■-:••!; •;•:;■.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAE-
riage by United' States Divorre Hureau; lega '
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432, S. F., Cal.
&A PANTS TO ORDER: SAMPLE BY MAIL.
C l^: WERTHMAN Pants Co . 82% Geary street.
VJKS. THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. . 101
I*l Grant aye., room 10. : . ." .
rpHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
i- suit to order. $10; pants, 3. Cut Rate Tallor-
ing Company, 1117 Market bu, bet. 7:h and Btb.
/"ion finem>;nts attended BY keou-.
\J lar physician; $16 upward. A., box 98, Call.
ORRIS BERRY. FORM ER~F~O~R E M A N
Albert Miller's cloak store, has cone into busi-
ness wlih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order-.h't guaranteed :lo\v prices
rpRUNKS DKLIVERKD 25C BAY CITY
1 Transfer Company, 244 Suiter; tel. Grant 57.
PARTINGTON 'S* "SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partincton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. r'artington. Particulars 424 Pine.
T THIS PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all rases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market si.
bet. SixtQ and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»ra, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
XA Fix! KG OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor. Razor Exchse,&3oMarKet
\, T EL VET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
IUOUTDOOK S'l I-.KEOPTICON ft HOW KVK.
17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ai-
'VertUements In living light; promoters of buil-
ceas. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
"L^LECTRIC lights in EVERY ROOM i
J- Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
SCO rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 IBEUAL ADVANCES O.V DIAMOND'S, JD.W-
\J «-lry. »t<?. x. lowest rate^. - MM Market M.
GOLD. SILVER, <;k.\ts AND ladik*
riot hi bought. >'QLMAN. 4Hi for. J«»^i»
drFssmakers! _. ~
D"~RE!?SES $a""ljp^ wItAPPIiRS 35c^UP;
lawn $1 up 605% Natoma su, above Sixth.
Al ('I GEARY— STYLISH DRESSES, $5 UP;
"1 1 Ua dresses made over; pa tern? cut to Order.
TYLISH SUITS. *» UP: SKIRTS, 75c IT;
i fit ifii-ianieed. . r <!)9'.. Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
ED CATION AX. _
SS^L^^BBEEN'rM^ANlt)6'LiN^TlEAi!u^ft!
Italian method; terms low. 131 post St.,
room 24: elevator. " .
QPANISH TAUGHT BY SPANISH LADY:
0 terms very reasonable, 230 Pa^e SU
RS. MELVILLE SNYDEU, 715 POST ST.;
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic ac:ing a specialty;
vocal cl— Monday, BP. M.; $1. . • .
PANISH,FKEN<;U,ETC.;Prof.DKFILIPPE'S
1 Academy of Languanus.32o Post af.extab'd 1871
YRES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapnr, etc.;
life scholarship 50. 1 w rates per week and ma
TIEHL'S MM T HAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market at ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night,
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: U.NOLISII
literature: letters written. MISS FAQEN, 427
Sutler st.
A I..MA K. HVi.K, PIANO. MANDO-IN BAN-
XV jo. 406 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNG. WHI ING. ABItHMTC. UKAMH
iliyA-iii:lit; niwla-s"*-. $5 montn. h4."> MUslna
KOK. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
quit ir, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
/'LITAK MANDuLIN. PIANO AND' VOCAt,
\l l«aOfii»: $3 ma MA KY WESTHAUS. 89 Fifth.
T ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
-Jes plano,slnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14 .100« Polk
R. * M KB. KOLANL'KIt. TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 985 Market *'... opp. Mason
. KLAsCO's LYCI.IM »UH OOL OF ACTING—
'•» Private theatricals arraneed; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, I. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRR'A-, CIViL, MINING, ME.
cbanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
fiasay: estab. '64. VAN DKR NAIL-KN. 723 Mkt.
pKOFESbOR U. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
i. violin guitar, mandolin, I'nnio. 1707 Market.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
■TV WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS."
V*l IT AN A,T H £ O V PS Y Q UEE s'^HTvlSkstC',
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; sa.isfacilon
g"»rrnteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
Vf HE. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
-I*l ant, curd- reader, born with a double veil an!
tec-ond sight; ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry and
(lairvoyaut sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jouet.
XI.ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELi.S
i'J past, ; present and future: success to all; tor-
tunes by mail: low urlces. 856 Mission st. .'
T ADIES ARE INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
J J DR. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist, 629
Post su .-. : . .
LVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766% Howard at.
PENOWNED GYPSY CARD-KEADER AND
XX palmUt arrived: gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
AIK. MOKEAU, BKST MEDIUM; Itt-VEA. J
past, present, future: 260 up. 764 Howard au
\| ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
■l'l business advice: names elven :2sc op. 5 Fourth.
ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CaKD-KEADER;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6 h st., r. 5.
ME. Li GETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
Vf ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
iH yrs Kerny, now 929 Post; fee *1 . letter *2.
/ 1 VI'SV I, IKK. HE RKMOVKD from 5
VX .-eventh to 11 Stockton: ladlea 25c: gents 60s.
MHB. SYBIL_B¥iSbWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife: ladles 26c. 50c. 914 O'Fiirreli.
■._ .'. .' :: SPIKITUALIS3I. .
'^*~.V_itiTA_L-_ UUEEN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS." DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD-
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of Badness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? if ■&
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so nv.inr
thousands on this coast in the ten years pa.it, ii
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assUt
every suffering ' mortal • who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole Hie revealed; aucces*
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strung; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. . Her tran.
scendent power is as far above those poor . mortal*
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal - heavens ar»
high above the earth. NEVER FAIL& . Shedoes
not know what failure mea.is! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) curs
every disease that ; human flesh is heir to. an j no
matter- of how long standing. W rite if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most. su>
ctssiul and satlsfac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
tEE ai i UPWARD! FEF $1 & UPWARD'
. - : .JUKS. UK. A. D. HOWE.
13' JO Market St., opp. Seventh,
. . ' • San Francisco.
I^XPERIh-NCE MEETING, 1358 MARKET,
J Sunday, 2p.u. Addle Swain's talk. 'lliposo-
phists and students 'of ethical • culture welcome.
Tests free. . • ' ■ -'.-."•■ ■
"LMtIE-ND-HIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
T MRS. C. J. MF.YKR holds meetings >nn. Mon.*
Th urn, and Sat; 7:30: clr. Toe., Frl. 2 P. m.; slttgs
XT R N ED— M MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
XV medium; private readings daily. .1015 Market
St., room 19. ■ ""--«• .
mETr circle TO-NIGHT. 10& mmb.
1 YOUNG, 606 McAllister; all skeptics invited.
PI RITUALISTIC CIitCLE TO-NIGHT BY
Rev. Mr. Howland: 26c. 1 Fifth St., parlor _
T\f RS. MYRTLE POTTER HAS REMOVED TO
j\X IS62a Market St., parlor 8, second floor. : ' .■'
1-IbHUl 1 GAr.KISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-.
i J ces Tuesday. Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 dally.-
M. FKANCIS, INDEPENDE.NT. sLaTK-
. writer. 118 Haight an hours 9 until 8 p. _.
MRS. KATK HiisKlNS, TRANCE MEDlUM-
sittings $1 : -ir I" Toeidnv cv». 136 Oalc.
-'■ uypnotis3l. ■;;■■■ ~
H^^YPNOTIS^I A>Tl> vTtai] SHTujTeTISM
.practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so' bow to hypno izp instantaneously, by
profess >r of the French school; a gooi opportunity
is "here offered to , physicians and students of
science interested in is ther.ipeutlc effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence sol. cited. -Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric- Insiltuie.
6 Q'FBrrefl st. •■■- .-.^ .V
~ 1 %, 7. *~a FJPfAJfCIAIi. '--'--■"
ANAB low as ba.n ks;
OA.yy.yyy Apply mx 214, CaLsafe Dep,BlUg.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
T-AYMANCE . "-■
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND LAND AUC-
. TIONEERS.
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
SATURDAY, SEPT. ' 6, '98, AT '
'2 o'clock f. x., at salesrooms, 466 Eighth street.
-BUSINESS PROPERTY.
DESIRABLE IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND, . FP.UITVALE, - ALAMEDA
AND BERKELEY. -
Two lots on Market st., 67 N. of Milton, 28x126
each. . . .
Two-story double bouse, 10 rooms and 'bath;
1517 and 1519 22d aye.. near East 21st 5..: lot
30x125;. this property will be so d subject to a
mortgage of eIOSO, pay. $20 per month.
cottage or 4 rooms and high basement; 2116
Chestnut St.; lot 26x128.
Strip of land on the N. ilde of 32d s!., bet. Grove
and West, facing 237 feet on 32d st., being a
depth of 49 feet and 8 Inches on the stern end
and 27 feet on the eastern end: half cash.
Two houses, 371 and .373 6th au, near Frank- .
lin, containing 7 rooms each; lot 25x100.
Two houses, 375 to 379 sth St., SK. cor. of
Fran-lin; lot 60x75.
Two cottaees, 362-360 Franklin St., 50 ft. S. of
sth; lot 25x75 each.
Two lots. No*, 2 and 3, In block 2102 In the Al-
fien Tract, facing on West su, DO it. N. of 44th;
60x90 eacn." -
.Two-story bouse of 7 rooms and bath, 683 35th
st., near Grove, lot 33:4xl^U: 35th st. work com-
plete: only $500 cash.
Five lots N. aide Clinton st., between Union and
Summit, In Lynn, East Oakland; lots '..sxloo
each.
Nine lots on Piedmont aye., bet. Oak and Glenn,
in the Glen EcboTiact: 25x125 each.
Six lots on Oak five., bet. Piedmont and Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Tract: 30x301 each. "- .
Six lots on the north side of 35th St., bet. West
and Market: 25x120 each.
Lot northwest corner 9th aye. and East 17th st.:
60x116.
Lot on San Pablo aye., bet. Bristol and Delaware
sts., in West Berkeley: £0x135.
LotSW. cor. Adeline and 19th sts., 50x108, to-
her with barn; this property will be sold sub-
ject 10 a mortgage of $1200, which can remain.
Cottage of 5 rooms S. sine of 3d at.. No. 562.
bet. clay and Jefferson; lot '25x100. -
Elegant lot in the Stanford Tract, on Mobs aye.,
44 W. of Chestnut at.; size 44x163.
Two magnificent lots N. side of 9tb st, 25 E. of
Harrison: 36x100 each.
Fruitvale tottaxe; 5 rooms and bath: Ti'vis st,
76feetaouth of Railroad aye.; lot 26x96; only
'.(10 feet irom Fruitvaie station.
Two-story house: 7 rooms and bath: south side
of sycamore si . between Grove and .Telegraph
ayes. ; -No. 561; lot SOx 100.
. Business lot, northeast corner Telegraph are.
and Twenty-third st.; t<7xBB.So.
Three beautiful residence lots on Hamilton
place; Nos. 16, 17 and 22: 30-;90 each; only two-
minutes' walk to I'iedmont cable; suriounded by
handsotim Improvements and flue view.
Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath; entirely
new; W. side of Oakland Hve., 160 feet S of Santa
Clara aye.; rented lor $25 a mouth: lot 30x126;
this property will be sold subject to a mortgage of
(2000, which can remain.
( O'.tage 8 rooms and bath: north tide East 18th
street, No. 618, between l^th and 13:h avenues:
lot :;inlv:0; will be sold subject 10 a mor gage of
$1000. held by the Oakland Bunk of Savings.
For terms of any of the above properties and for
particulars secure a catalogue.
. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.,
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
q>H\i\ 40:3x125; E. SIDE OLD SAN JOSE
<IP I OVJ. roal; 171 feet N. from Ocean House
road: lot surveyed, fenced and graded.
$750—38:6x130; N. cor. Ocean House road and
Delaware aye., block 33, West End M*p 1; lot
surveviM. fenced and graded; title perfect. CUAS.
C. FISIIEB, 607 California st. -
DON'T MISS THIS; *200 CASH; BUSINESS
location: lot 40x117:6 to alley: encla St.,
near Twenty- railroad depot; must be sold :
93000 can s:and at 6 per cent interest. J. F.
PLUM BE, 1402 Valencia st.
(Dj 1 1 p. f\ A^HBV AVK,, KELEY: LOT
•U* 1 .1 O\J. 60x135; choice location: part cash.
J. SHIELDS, owner,' 119 Cumberland St., or
O'NKIL & CO.. Ashby station, Berkeley,.
AI) THIS! BEST BUSINESS COHNEK ON
X\ the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitcbburg station; size 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
RESIDENCE CORN 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro rood; a. reefs graded
and graveled: price $500.
BT^INi: s CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
X) tiou; frontage to suit at $15 per tront foot.
ONK F.NTIRK BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
I. IST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
1 > County, ior sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers fur
the market.
ATIIER BARGAINS ON' THE BEST STREETS
VJ in the best situated locality for a crowing town
outside the ci.y limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
TH AD. S. FITCH. Fitch burg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. S. F.
3 DUCAS, 11 MONTGOMERY ST., WILL
Lv« sell at a sacrifice:
1 lot 87:6x113, on E. side of Han Jose aye.,
bet. 30th and Brook sts.; sewered and macadam-
ized and ready 10 build on; no reasonable offer re-
fused; one-fifth cash, balance at your own terms. •
5 beautiful lots, almost level, cor. Byron and
Isabel sis.: on Bernil Heights; mus be sold;
make any offer or terms: 300 feet from the car;
no better view in the whole city, j
2 lots on W. side of Castro st,. near 22d; 25x
14; will set at any reasonable price you are will-
ing to give at your own terms.
Also lots In the Excelsior Homestead, Haley
Tract, Mission road, University, Lott st. . and
South Sun Francisco. lam about leaving the city
and hence will sell all my property at any price.
B. DOC AB. 11 Montgomery st. -
C. BEMIM, ~. - "
. UKAi. ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY
FOR SALE.
$2600— nirtp of stanyan at., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— San Carton Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 60x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 leec electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— CholCR building lots north of park.' -
Bargain— »W. cor. Fifth ay. and C 109x95 ft.
I N«JLEJ»IDh— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: Io: 62:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
0. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 2 Va encia st.
MUST BE -OLD BY ORDER PROBATE
Court: fine build ni; lot at 617 Hayes su;
27:6x120: cheap for cash. Address J. E. COFFER,
Mills building, sixth floor, room 12. # . v
(g.rA/'j CASH, BALANCE same AS KENT,
tjpUv'VJ fora new bouse on ea-t »Ide of Cole St.,
near Wa ler: 8 rooms and bath; larze lot 26x125;
ail modern improvements. Apply on premises.
ÜBM'AtVI'IAL MODERN- HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to Call and Nt plan*. 1 149 Mission.
V- MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMOND^,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments: interest low: private, entrance;
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. '
m»l f\(\ fifift AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
iJJIUv.UUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates: any sum.
SHAINWAI.D, BUCKBEi- ft CO., 218-220 Montuy
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHER
Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEW__i4r*-
STORE. »48 Market st~: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: .TAKB AT $5 INTF.K-
-*-st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 'i. Call.
ONEY LOANED •' ON J_W_Litl" vA NO
. other valuables at tha (■ecniity . Loan Om:«,
21C6Marketsu.nr. Mason: private entrance) 7 1 ur*.
I vJRECTON VOUK t LU.SIi'JRh. OK PIANO:
XJ no removal; no delays; ,no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. JJonoliu* bldg. 1170 Market st.
(gin Aflfi °* LKBS TO LOAN, ON CITY
>}* IU.UUU Improved real estate at 7 p<r cent
per annum. M. B." LEVY, 30 Montgomery at.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. '^v or bi> .MuKli.A'jM
A estates, undivided interests, real estate In u-.->
bate. Mix'Di.itA X. "i Hon:ui)iner.-. room S.
flfj'A UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
tIDUU gages: int. in estates. MURPHY, 62B .nrkt
\-DVANCESONDIAMONJ»S.JJ£W.KL*tY. r.l'C .
I »*1 Columbia Loan <t t'oilat>»ra.l «>!!ic<*.- 9 lirafl't nr».
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
iIrKWKX I'.lMis,. .Montgomery st.
. PAWNIIKOKEKS. . .
AVIBB AND ' HAVE" INTK REST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and >e-
curlty wince, r 7. Hood bldg : entrance 809 Mkt.
AT 1/6 KKAKN » ~ 5.T.. . KOOM 9— -MONEY
loaned, watches; diamonds, etc.: low rates;
piiva •■■ roonn: elevHtor: ■ t- lodges for wale cliean.
rAKTNEKSmP NOTICES. :.
OTICE OF ' DISSOLUTION" OF CO-PART T
ner.i ip— partnership existing between F.
C. WAGNER and L. WAGNER, under the firm of
F. C. .WaGNER & BKO, was this day "dis-
solved by mutual consent. Owing to 111-health F.
C. WAGNER retires from. the firm. LUDWIG
WAGNER will continue the business in the name
of L. WAGNER _. CO., ami wi!i pay. and collect
all debts owing to and by the firm. •- -,■■- (■
September 4, 1896.- F. C. WAGNER.
■" .-■- ■ '■ LUDWIG WAGNER.
/■COPARTNERSHIP NOTICE — THE GNDKR-
yJ signed have this day formed- a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN <S MARKS for
the purpose . of transacting a general real esta*,«
business. : " ' PATRICK J.MARTIN. -
- ; EDMUND MARKS, *•
18 Post it. -
San Francisco, September 1, 1896. . -~y\ ■-. :•"-.-,
COUNTRY real estate.
\V"_NTJEJ>-."s TO ("a 1 AROUND FRUIT-
»» vale, Alameda or: Berkeley, suitable for
chicken ranch; no fancy prices: state particulars.
Address l\r 8., box 96. Call Office.
CIHICKEN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACKEs;
low rent; 1000 laying hens. C. KNUDSEN,
Petal ma. r: ■-.;-.
f* ACRES IN FRUIT, HOUSE, BARN, AT HAY-
\J wards: cheap. 872 Washington s., Oakland. .
rro LEASE-536 ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
J. tlon, Contra Costa County. MISS NEELx,
1614BiiBh st .■-.-' •■.-■:•;
fjnHKFINJKST iiOURANCkIN THE .STATE '
Will be leaned . for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as mo present owner Is not able to
give it the a- tendon it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of hogs the year round.
For particulars address X. V., box 00, Call Office.
ANY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOX
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay la required,'
balance in 6 or 7 rears, apply 326 Montgomery st.
A LA MED A COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-.* est In the Slate; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, f35 per acre: adjoining lanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: IVSi hours from S.F.;
eaay terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building. '
r ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F. . ■
TT ALF SECTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULAKE
XX county, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A. box 87
CallOtHce.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE. .
IP OR SALE-AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth St.: lot 140 x
350 feet: house of 10 rooms; grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
Br.Mis, 324 Montgomery st.
MY SPECIALTY IS
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house ........... ..-..525
1-story modern 6-room cottage. 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 3l»0 MORE.
WM. M. DeWolf, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
V\ ILL IT PAY? YES!! SEE ALLEMDALE
" Tract at once. Buy a «76 lot or upward for
home or paying investment: Fruitvaie, adjoining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
and choice site; streets graded: some macadam-
ized: only a few left: fine school: 2 electric roads
near iy : conveyance free: $."> cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market 5.., S. F.
11. Z. JONES, owner.* ■ ■ ■
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suite
can now be obtained: table unexcelled; reasonable
rates; unquestioned respectability. ■■ .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
;A . REAL ESTATE.
FORRENT— LAROK. NICELY FURNISHED
tt-room cottage, $30; large 9-room bouse, finery
furnished, Central aye., $55; large line utifuru-
litie-1 dwellings. E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALS
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <& CO.. real e*lai«,
building and loans. 2123 Center at.. Berkeley. ■
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
isnran ■■• rgent. Herkeler stain, adjoining liank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT — $30, IN CLU DIN O WATER :
house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in from; large orchard, also some pasture
land: entire place comprises about It) acres; street
'macadamized; five minutes' wa:k to train making
hat-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER <& Co., 467- Ninth
St.. real estate brokers. Oakland.
IpOR RENT, NEWLY FURNISHED COT-
tage 6 rooms, lath and garden, $20. 193'J
/Berkeley why. Kant I'.erke'fv. ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO KXCHAKOR, FOR COUNTRY~^ROPeI[U
>y— l2 room modern house: lot 64x235. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park at., Alameda.
p ROCERY AND "bar "to TRADE FOR
VJ small Improved ranch. G.. box 6, Pali Office.
t\(\l\ » .ARJaIN*— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
'""' 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0. .510,000
2 stores and 7-rooru flat, in city - 6,-000
60 ranches, all sizes, from 100 t0......... SO, OUO
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 o 4,000
U. C. DECKER. 1020 Markets:., opp. Fifth.
SEND FO« OUR i>;sr OF ORCHARD HOMES
tor tale. WOOSTKR & WltlTl'u.V, San Joss.
LOw/l ACRES 'i.'.MUKK LAND. KEK.V CO.;
i^O" «»it: (ln»fnrraf '«-r"l»  v N..hx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY WANTED.
PROPERTY^ WANTK^^nOO^ACREiT^Cm
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock trice; stats full partlc-
nlars. T. C box 97. Call Office.
LEGAL NOTICES.
PURSUANT TO A DIRECTION OF THE
X Chancery of Lancashire, Liverpool District in
England, made In the matter of the estate of
MARY SCAHI-LL deceased. in an action, FITZ-
bIMONH against DAUBY (1895, F. -No. 18), on
the 13th day of August, 1896, the person claiming
to be LIZ A BETH SLOAN X, daughter of TER-
ENCE or TORLAY SLOANE, late of Tuillframe,
Kllkeel, in the County of Down, Irelanj, or the
persons, claiming to be the children of the said
ELIZABETH SLOANE, who were living on the
26th day of December, 1894, or the persons claim-
ing to be the legal personal representatives or any
of such children as have died since the 25th day of
December, 1894, are by their sol cUors on or be-
fore the Ist day of December, 1896, to come In
and enter their claims in the book kept for that
purpose at the chambers of the Registrar of the
Liverpool District, situate at No. 9 Cook street, In
the city of Liverpool, in England, or in default
thereof the share of the said ELIZABETH
SLoANE will be distributed amongst the other
persons entitled.
Monday, he Ist day of December, 1896, at 11
o'clock in the forenoon, at the said Chambers, Is
appointed ior hearing |and adjudicating upon the
claim. . _•..-<;...
The said ELIZABETH SLOANE Is supposed to
have emigrated to the United States of America in
or about the year 1845.
Dated this 14th day of August, 1896.
F. WILLIS TAYLOR, Registrar.
WATTS4CARR of 13 Investment bindings,
65 Lord street, Liverpool, England, solicitors ior
the plain tiff, aadress for service is the same.
V ' 'TIC*: TO CREDITOR. aSTAT.-. OF MA-
Xi aiOH l'E RO, deceased. Notice is hereby
given by the underpinned, Andrew J. Binney
executor of the es ato of MARION. DE HO, de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased to exhibit them,
with the necessary vouchers, witliin ten months
after the first publication of this notice to the said
executor, at the office of RICHARD BELCHER,
Belcher building, Marysviile, Cal,, the same being
his place for the transaction of the business of the
said estate. ANDREW J.BINNEY,
Executor of the estate of MARION DE RO, de-
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco September 4, 1896.
RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building, Marys-
ville, Cal., Attorney for Executor. . .
OTICE OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE. ~
■Li In the Superior Court, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS !>OHF.n, deceased.
Notice is he eby given, that in pursuance of an
order 'of the Superior Court of . tne City and
County of San Francisco, ' State of California,
marie on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOH deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the -estate of LEWIS SuHElt, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
• nah and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock It, at auction salesrooms
of O. H. Umbsen & Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in the I lty and . County of , San Francisco,
all the right, title, interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS ■ SOHER, at tr.e time of bis deatn,
and all the right, title and interest ■ that the
said estate has, by operation of r law or other-
wise.' acquired other than or In addition to that
of the said LKWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death, In and 10 all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate aud . being in th City and
County ■- of San Francisco, ■ state of California,
bounded and described as follows: .. ... *
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush street - distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six Inch s easterly from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busli street
thirty* feet, thence at right ancles southerly one
hundred and thirty-seven feet' and six Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right an teles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and 10 the point of commence-
ment. •' Being part of 50-v;ira lot No. 1367 a3 laid
down on the oiU.ial Map of the City of San Fren-
cisco
Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of O'FarreU street- distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the .easterly line !of Jiason street, running
thence easterly along said . southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, . thence at right an. southerly*
along said = westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
sev.*n feet and six inches, thence at riirht angles
westerly, flfiy-eieht feet, and hence at right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet ana six inches
to said southerly line of O'Fantell street and to the
point 'f commencement, being part of 60-vnra lot
No. 964 on the official map of the city of San
Francisco. • .
Terms and conditions of : sale: Cash-, lawful
money of the. United states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
, EMILS Administrator with the will
annexed .of „ the < estate of Lk wk So— kb, de-
ceased. : - ; ,' ■ ■,--'-■ •-.. . -.-. '■- ' ■ -■■'.. ■ . ■
Dated August 18, 1896.
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
-Jills building.
BICYCLES.
T, OR SALE— 4 NE^lsoTTuTycTeT'aT^A
J sacrifice. 113 Battery st.
'ERY FINE '96 BICYCLE FOR 820. DAVID
V N. HAWLEY, 318 Market st.
BICYCLES AND' TANDEMS BELOW COST"
.to c:ose out stock. W. CRANE, 32 1 Post su '
FOWLEIi-AND BEN HUE, $60; BEN HUR
tandem. Tribune tandem. . good as new, $100-
-all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
IJARUAJN IN A STEARNS TANDKM.; ALSO
I > single wheels. SO6 Post at.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _EtT
X beat accommodations. Terminiu Geary, iio-
Alliaier and Powell at. car lines.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THa
■ V WEEKLY. CA—Jj. Id wraopcr. for mailing.
FOX SALE-AIISCE-XANEOUS.
YEW S-DRAWEi; DOMESTIC SEWING MA^
xt chine: cheap. 1915 Mission st., bet.* Fifteenth
and sixteenth. . • ■> ;,
VI HI t-uG «ELIAB».E INCUBATOR, BROOD-
Z.\i'-1 er. y»idB.s3o. 2427 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
«.%HAK*i DIAMOND *.ING, PERFECT
*£!■ atom*, but off-coi orea, for $240 at UNCLE
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye. ■
<a«i x good HHUFFLEBOARD IN good
<_).Lc>. order for sale. 1100 . Kentucky, Potrera
BARS, Showcases, COUNTERS, shelv-
ing. eto , bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
COFFEE MILI, SCALES, LETTER PRES-!,
stand desk, money till, : safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT-
i tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st.,
near Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK. 409 Cal.
1 1 OILERS. ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY.
XJ waterplpes. Mclntoah «fc Wolpman. 137 Beale.
CO UiSIK X S. MiKI.V INU, SHOWCASES
-bars bought & sold. 1121^ Markt.bet 7th &
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 60 op; repairing; open
evenings. 8. F. Baby Carriage M fg. Ca. 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
r pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. bANFORD,
415 Washington at.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
£i ginfe; good as new; $90. Apply '215 Bay st.
. UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHEd
1 - doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1160 Mission.
ON is. eOIA-U MEDIUM AND LARUE SI3S
fire and burglar proof aafe. 109. 11l Market %i.
ATEWRANUKs CHEAPER THAN HECON-*
XV hand. W. K. RAY iiig Co.. la California at.
»^_s=» A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THIS
•*-& WEEK!--/ CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD.EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. --'05 Fourth St.
MABBIAGK LICENSES.
Ihe following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
D. T. Mehegan and May McCauley, 29—20.
J. Andrews and Margaret Hughes, 24—24.
C. Cimlno and Cat arint Falba, 28—22.
E. Gibeau and Mamie Sullivan, '27—
M. Addleiro and Rosa Lamozlla. *0— 22.
H. D. E. Bockman and Minna I. Muller, 24—21.
1. Manchester and Catherine Brady, 66—23.
THE IJIVORCE KECOKD.
Complaint filed: ; - :,i'..- :>
Amy Mclntvre against William Mclntyre.
— CARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death . notices sent by null
win not be inserted. They mus- be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence uf persons authorlxdi
to nave the same published. J ■
. BORN.
BANETT— In Oakland, September 3, 1898, to the
wife of P. W. Bauett, a daughter.
GLOVER— In this city. August 29, 1896, to tha
wife of G. A. S. Glover, a daughter. . :
RIIODA— In South San Francisco. September 1,
1896, to the wife of Rev. Franklin Rhoda, a son.
WIRT— In Berkeley, September 4, 1896, to the
wlf» of Arthur D. Win, a daughter. .
MARRIED.
KENNY-SULLIVAN— In this City, September 2,
1893. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev. James
F. Byrne, John J. Kenny of San Francisco and
Katie J. Sullivan of Marysville.
—-——__--- ___
l>iiSD.
Byrne. Caroline C. Green. Theodore
Campbell. Mary S. Hooper. Thomas
Carlson. Kri : Mavrhofer, Edward
dim;. Michael . McCrary, Thomas
Podge. allies B. Nolan. Mrs. Annie 8.
Donnelly. Michael Pfeiffer, Charles J. v
Fo.ey, Annie Qulnn, James A.
BYRNE— In this city, September 1898, Caroline
C, beloved daughter of Matthew and Katie
Byrne (nee Lucas), and sister of Robert Byrne,
a native of San Francisco, aged ' 2 years and 28
days.
■ js^TFriends and 'acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence or the parents, 14 White street, off Va-
llt-Jo, between Hyd« and Larkin. Interment
I Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city, September 4. 1898,
Mary Susan, beloved Infant daughter of Joseph
and Sarah Campbell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months aud 28 days.
JO"Friend<j and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday),*. at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 2» Dehon street, between
sixteenth and Seventeenth. Church and Sanchez.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARLSON— In this. Mty, September 2. 1896, Erie
Carlson, her of Jack Carlson, Mrs. F. B.
Brown ana Mrs. Christine .Kngelbrechtson o(
Red Bluff, Tehama County, a native of Sweden,
aged 29 years 4 months ana 18 days.
43" Friends and -acquaintances are - respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m . from Swedish
Society Hail, 901 Market street, under the aus-
pices of the Swedish Society. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
CLARK— In this city, Michael, beloved husband
of Margaret Claric, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, agad 43 years.
. j|3-Notiie of funeral hereafter.
DODGE— In this city, September 3, 1896, Miles
B. Dodge, beloved husband of Laura M. Dodse.
and father of Mortimer M. and Albert c. Dodge,
a native of Rochester, N. V., ugud 67 years 4
months and 23 days. . - :-
- a3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock _.. from Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street.- Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery.
DONNELLY— In- the Cltv and County Hospital,
September 4,1896, Michael Donnelly, aged 43
-years.
FOLEY— In this city, September 3. 1896. Annie
(Anita), dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary Foley. and sister of Josie and Thomas
Foley, Mr*. J. McLaughlin, Frank, Ella and
the late Julia Folev.
afyi'rieiida and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. if., from her late resi-
dence, 62i Stevenson street, thence to: St. Jos-
eph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. «
GREEN In this city, September 4. 1896. Theo-
dore Green, a native of New York, aged- 69 years
1 month and 7 days. • Wt&tU
*..#- Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral" THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from the residence
■ of his son Fran- T. Green, 1832 Fell street, be-
tween Ashbnry and Clay ; Interment LO.
O. if". Cemetery. ;.,
HOOPER— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 3, 1896, Thomas Hooper, aged 61 years.
MAYRHOFER— In this city, September 3,1893,
Edward, beloved son of Leonard and Antonla
JMayrhofer. a native of . Sun Franciaoo, aged 7
months aid 17 days. . . • .
jO-Funeral THIS DAY (Saturday), at 10
O'clock a. —  from the residence of his parents,
710 Webster street, between Grove and Fulton.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
McCRARY— In this city, September S. 1896,
Thomas McCrary, beloved son of Marthieann.
and Allen McCrary, and brother of S. A. Mo-
Crary.a native or Kansas, aged 24 years. A mem-
ber of Dallas Lodge No. 95, i. O. O. F. , of Friday
Harbor, Wash.
S3* Friends and acquaintances are resD*ct-
fnily Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M., -from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. : Metzier, 636 Washington
street, under the auspicei of Odd Fellows of San
Francisco. . Interment I. O. O. V. Cemetery. ■
NOLAN— In thlscitv, September 4, 1898. Mrs.
Annie S. Nolan, dearly beloved wire of Joseph
Nolan, and daughter of George 8. Knowles,
. a native of Sheffield, Yorkshire, England, aged
40 years. .
PFEIFFER— In this city, September 3, 1896,
Charles J.. beloved son of Louis ' and Christine
Pfeiffer, and brother of Mrs. F. Pfeiffer, Mrs. J.
Gib-ion, Mrs. L. Siuhr, Mrs.' S. L. Simmons and
'Henry and Emma Pfelffer, a nativa of . New
York, ag->ii 35 years & months and 26 days.
j|3*l'"r '-nd.s and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
, (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from the residence 1
,of his parents. 6 1 Haight street, near Flllmore.
interment 1. O. O. F. Cc.tieierv. '
QUINN— In Yountville, Napa September
3. 1893. James A., husband of ' the late Mary
Quinn. - a native of the city of Gal way, Ireland,
aged bB .ears. . ■ -■
'J»"The funeral will take place THIS DAT
(Saturday), at -9: o'clock a: m.. from the- par-
lors of J. c. O'Connor & Ca. 767 Mission street,
thence * to St. . Rose : Church. Bran nan agrees.
. where a 1 requiem high mass will be celebrated
. for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
O dock a. m. ' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FONKRAL DIEKCTORS 4 EMBAI.MUIM,
, 20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
. Telephone 3080. , . ,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: 'location . unexcelled, . otlice D 97 ALaricat
au«e^ : souiheaat corner o( *>ix to.
1516
FOR PROTECTION AND BIMETALLISM
LABOR WILL HAVE
A REPRESENTATIVE
A House-Painter Will Prob
ably Succeed Colonel
Crocker.
D. E. M'KINLAY THE MAN
Centenarian Diamond Joined the
Continental League
With Joy.
GENEKAL BARNES TO-NIGHT.
He Will Address the People at the
Auditorium Upon the Issues
ot the Day.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee will at its
meeting to-day appoint a successor on the
Presidential electoral ticket to Colonel C.
T. Crocker, withdrawn.
The committee are unanimously of the
opinion that a mechanic or laborer should
be appointed to represent the workingmen
of this State. The professional and other
classes of the community are already well
represented on the ticket, as will be seen
from the following:
First District, Mr. Francis, proprietor and
editor of the >apa Register.
Second and Third, attorneys-at-law, Messrs.
J. M. Walling and H. A. Pou-ell respectively.
Fourth, a merchant, J. B. Spear.
Fifth, merchant and sugar manufacturer,
Clans Spreckels.
Sixth, a farmer, Thomas Flint.
Seventh, a horticulturist and grower of olive
oil, Elwood Cooper.
At large, a ship-builder and ironworker,
Irving M. Scott.
The selection of a representative work
ingman as elector at large would round
off the ticket very nicely, and would make
it truly representative of all classes of the
community. D. E. McKinlay, a house
painter, whose shop is at Santa Rosa, will
probably be the choice.
Persons wishing to hear General W. H.
L. Barnes speak should go early to-night
to the Auditorium, corner of Eddy and
Jones streets. The speech will be an
elaborate affair and will deal exhaustively
with the great issues now before the peo
ple, namely, the protective system of
tariff as contrasted with free trade or
tariff for revenue only, and the question
as to whether or not the unlimited coin
age of silver and the arbitrary doubling
ot" its bullion value would be a success
economically, and if the expansion of the
currency would benefit or injure the
laboring masses.
It would be superfluous to praise Gen
eral Barnes' drawing power as a speaker,
the grace of his diction or the clean-cut,
convincing style of bis reasoning. It is
only necessary to mention the fact that
General Barne3 will be the only speaker
and that he will have the evening to him
self and a clear field whereon he may have
ample room 10 tharsh the floor with tha
silver monometallists.
The gallery will be reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw is resting in
town for a day or two after his arduous
campaigning tour in the Sierra foothills
on behalf of McKinley and protection.
He will resume his trip in a few days. He
met with the most unexpected and grati
fying success on the trip.
M. D. Calkins of Amador County, one of
the most popular editors in Northern Cali
fornia, is spending a few days in this City,
and is most enthusiastic in his expressions
concerning the loyalty of the Republicans
of Amador County to tbe cause ot protec
tion to home products and to the Ameri
can laborer.
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
Meeting of True-Blue Republl-
cans In Saratoga
Hall.
There was the usu&l large attendance of
members of that crack organization, the
Continental League, in Saratoga Hail last
evening. The league is the largest Re
publican organization in the City, and
now numbers close upon 1500 members.
There are two uniformed drill corps con
nected with tne leapue, and they will be
seen and heard often during the cam-
Daign.
President Frank D. Worth presidea last
night, and Maurice L. Ashcr kept the min
utes of the meeting.
A vote of thanks was tendered to Pro
fessor Sichel for furnishing music on the
occasion of the ladies' night entertain
ment last week, and also for his voluntary
efforts in a musical way for the league on
all other occasions.
James Kidney, a pioneer speaker and
worker in the cause of labor, addressed
the league. He raised a storm of a pplause
when he mentioned the Republican vic
tory in Vermont. He called attention to
Mr. Hearst s previous boasts in the New
York Journal to tbe effect that Vermont's
usual Republican majority would fall at
least 20.000 behind. His prediction was
not fulfilled. On tbe contrary, Vermont
exceeded her usual Republican majority
by 100 per cent. Those old Vermont
Yankees are thoughtful, reasonable folks
the speaker added.
Mr. Kidney laid stress upon the unwill
NEW TO-DAY.
Qticura
WORKS
Wonders
In curing torturing, disfiguring,
humiliating humors of the Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. Price, Ccticpea, Ac.|
Boit. 25c i Resoltsxt, Me. mi »L Pott** Dbo»
amd Chim. Co«r., Sole Props.. Beaton.
i*-" How to Curt Et«tj DMg\uiug Humor," frw.
ingness of Candidate Bryan to discuss the
question of the tariff. He declared that
in New England, because of the lack of
protection under the Democratic adminis
tration, eighteen factories are closed, ten
are working on half time and the rest on
quarter time. Those whic . are in opera
tion are finishing orders on contracts, and
when these are finished the factories will
be closed. Nearly 70.000 persons were
thrown out of employment in those mills
this year. The wases paid last year
amounted to $3,250,000, while this year up
to June 1 they amounted to less than
$400,000.
The falling off in the production and
sale of American wool this year amounts
to nearly 300,000,000 pounds, and our im
ports were 256,000,1)00 pounds. In one
year our imports ot English woolen goods
increased from $6,000,000 to $46,000,000.
In Manchester and other|manufacturing
towns of England tne factories are in
operation day and night to flood the
American markets with cheap goods, ad
mitted under the low tariff of the Wilson
act, in the expectation that if McKinley
is elected the gates of America will be
closed to her competition.
The Democracy always favored the ad
mission of the products of pauper labor
from Europe at a low tariff, and Bryan
while in Congress said that he was
ashamed that members of the American
Congress should not think that the people
of America, by reason of their superior in
telligence, were able to compete with the
labor of England or any other European
country.
Mr. Kidney next turned his attention to
the question of the volume of currency,
and scoffed at the declaration that a
large per capita volume of currency im
plied more prosperity than was indicated
by a small volume ol currency. In illus
tration of the fallacy of this proposition he
pointed to Switzerland, with an average
per capita of $7, and to France, with five
times that quantity; yet prices were the
same in both countries, and the standard
of civilization was the same.
The speaker declared that the law of
finance, as established by the history of
civilized nations for the past 200 or 300
years, was that when two kinds of money
of unequal value are placed in motion for
the purpose of exchanging commodities
the inferior money always drove the supe
rior out of existence.
Mr. Kidney complimented Congressman
McCall of Massachusetts for his speech in
the Auditorium a few evenings before,
and added that he had been acquainted
with the Congressman's father who was a
sturdy Irishman and a Democrat The
speaker closed with a scathing arraign
ment of the Democratic party as one
which ever appealed to the vicious ele
ments of human nature.
Miss Ella Ellis followed with a comic
song, which she sang with much spirit
aud dramatic action. She was encored
ana responded with a campaign song on
the "Popo-Democratic Triplets."
C. "C. Smith closed the meeting with a
brief speech, in which he called attention
to Statistician Mulhall's statement that
during the latter part of President Hia rr i.
son's administration the wealth of the
Nation increased at the rate of $2,500,000
every tiventy-four hours.
THE PHENIX CLUB.
A Meeting Full of Enthusiasm and
Melody.
The regular meeting of the Phenix Re
publican Club last Thursday evening in
Scottish Hall was fully as well attended
and as enthusiastic as any of its prede
cessors. Several ladies with their escorts
graced the occasion with their presence.
The first business before the meeting
was the report of the committee appointed
to draft suitable resolutions in memory of
the death of C. H. M. Curry, and it
reported the following resolutions, which
were unanimously adopted:
To the Officers and Members of the Phenix Re
publican Club of San Francisco— Gentlemen :
Your committee appointed on the evening of
August 27, 1896, to draft suitable resolutions
to the memory of our departed member,
Charles 11. M. Curry, beg leave to submit the
following:
Resolved, That while it has been the will of the
Supreme Kuler of the universe to remove from
the ranks of the Phenix Ciub one of its most
devoted and sterling members; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That while we cherish affection
ately the memory and the virtues of our de
parted member let us cast the mantle of for
giveness over his frailties and weaknesses; be
it iurtner
Resolved. That never again will his loving
smiles be visible, nor his heart beat with joy,
nor his eyes beam with intelligence; never
again will the joj-ous welcome ol his voice be
heard to gladden our hearts, nor the warm
grasp or his hand ever be felt again ; never
again will nis footsteps be heard marching on
in the ranks of the Phenix Club of San Fran
cisco; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt sym
pathy to the family of our departed member
Charles H. M. Curry, and that a copy of these
resolutions be forwarded to the family of the
deceased. Joseph Uoddakd,
P. E. McCarty,
S. Sabex,
Committee.
A communication was received from the
Spanish-American Republican League in
viting the club to a meeting of the league
next Monday evening at California Hall,
620 Bush street. The invitation was ac
cepted unanimously.
The musical exercises intervened and
were the most enjoyable part of the enter
tainment next to the speeches. Bert
Kingsley, George Hunter and Patrick
Kelly, vocalists of no mean order of merit,
delighted the meeting with topical songs
and were encored.
The gems of the entertainment were La
Petite Rose and Birdie Brightley, whose
songs, dances and banjo duets threw the
audience Into a furore. They were en
cored again and again until politics were
forgotten.
Robert Duckworth of the Spanish-Amer
can Republican League addressed the
meeting. He said that that organization
was composed principally of
citizens of Mexican lineage, who had been
forced to leave their native country be
cause of the grinding tyranny of tne silver
mine owners there. Mexico was a silver
standard free coinage country, he said,
and for that reason every Mexican in the
United States was with the Republican
party to-day.
The speaker quoted from an address by
President Diaz in which he deplored the
loss arising to the nation by the free coin
age of silver, because the aebt of Mexico
was payable in gold and the duties were
payable in silver. Mr. Duckworth read a
statement as to the wages paid Mexican
mechanics and laborers, as follows: Brick
layers, $10 per week; masons, $10 80 per
week ; plasterers, $4 25 per week ; roofers
$8 40 per week ; blacksmiths, $8 per week;
printers, $5 76 per week; tinsmiths, $7 50
per week; hod-carriers, $3 per week;
laborers. $2 90 per week; teamsters, $3 60
per week. All wages paid in Mexican
dollars.
Mr. Duckworth related how, when he
lived in Mexico, he had to pay fifty Mexi
can dollars for $25 in gold to send to his
mot;.er in this City.
The example of Mexico was an object
lesson for the working people of the
Lnited btutes, and they should profit by
tbe lesson. J
The meeting was closed with a stirring
address by Oscar Lewis, a well-known
foundryrian.
OVER A HUNDRED YEARS.
Centenarian Diamond Will Vote
for McKtnley and Pro
tection.
Among the applications for membership
in the Continental League last night was
one from G. E. D. Diamond, a book
canvasser, of 315J4 Ellis street, who cele
brated tbe one hundredth anniversary of
his birthday last May.
Although now in his one hundredth and
first year Mr. Diamond is as active as a
man of 50, and does not look more than
60. He is an enthusiastic Republican, and
says that he has no use for Bryan or for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1896.
further Democratic experiments with the
life of the Nation.
The old man was unanimously elected a
member of the league last night.
♦ —
A VOICE FROM TEXAS.
Qne Cause of Hard Tlmos Ex-
plained by a Stu-
ueni.
The followine letter was written for Thi
Call by a twenty-onester, who originally
intended to cast hi« first vote for Bryan
and Sewall. The letter is the result of his
sober, second thought:
Pallas, Tex., August 23, 1896.
I think I at last see the financial question
from the right standpoint, not that of any par
ticular person, but justice. As you under
stand, it will be useless for me to explain to
any extent, but I assure you we do not want
any depreciated currency or repudiation of
debts. We do not want to take an express
wagon with us to carry about a few thousand
dollars, or east dishonor upon ourselves by
not returning money as good as we borrowed,
therefore, I shall work till election for Mc-
Kinley, and also cast my ballot for him.
There are a great many people crying "hard
times," but as lotig as the world stands, even
in the most prosperous times, there will be
the same cry, when in reality there is no
"hard times. 1 ' I will acknowledge there is
what you might call a "depression of busi
ness," but it is not as bad as some calamity
howlers try to make us believe. One of the
first causes I assign to this is that the people
of the United States have overreached them
selves.
Having unbounded resources comparatively
undeveloped, they borrowed too much capital
in proportion to the working population. The
products from the above resources became too
enormous ior our home consumption, the
home markets fell, we sought markets else
where, but in a great many instances they
could — being older and more densely popu
lated countries, in which development had
reached its highest pitch, where competition
in trade had become closer ana labor had be
come very low— produce like articles as cheap
or cheaper titan we. Hence a drop in our wage
scale! The working people were compelled to
buy less and become more economical I They
were not used to this because it came so sud
denly. Hence their cry "hard times" and the
"depression in business."
The Interest became due on this borrowed
capital. Many had to sacrifice their products
below cost and finally "went to the wall,"
throwing more laborers out of work altogether,
causing further cries and more depression.
And to make affairs still worse, Cleveland's
tirst administration gave us too much lree
trade, causing the limited number of fac
tories we had to close down, throwing more
laborers out, more cries and more depression.
During Harrison's administration we began
to recover very slowly, but very well consider
ing our condition under lair tariff legislation.
The interest on borrowed foreign capital being
enormous when Cleveland commenced his sec
ond term, a bond issue was forced to get gold
to pay it. This caused another howl from the
people! More distrust of foreign capital) A
withdrawal of a great deal of this capital!
Less employment, more cries, more depression
and more distrust 1
The silver miners having produced too
much have taken advantage of these cries
and the Ignorance of the masses; have pro
claimed that the only panacea for these ills is
free coinage of silver; have hired orators,
bought newspapers, hired editors and in every
way have been spreading their silver wave
until most people have accepted it a= the
"very thing ' without a thought aud gone
ahead.
Now our wise and honest statesmen are bat
tling against this wave, aud it is beginning to
recede, and it will probably drown its origina
tors.
Excuse the length and omissions of this arti
cle. Give us McKinley, a tariff favorable to
our industries and foreign commerce and
sound money.
I want a "tariff like the above so it will pro
duce plenty of revenue for expenses. If it
should be an advantage to trade, etc., pile up
a balance in the treasury. It can be employed
in strengthening our fortifications. opening up
the I. arbors and rivers and building Govern
ment ronds, etc. The main thing to make a
nation prosperous is to keep the masses at
work. "Idleness is the devil's woikshop."
This applies to nations as well as Individuals.
GERMAN REPUBLICANS.
A Club of Over 500 Is Formed and
Spirited Speeches Are
Made.
A well-attended meeting of the German-
American Republican Club was held last
night at 413 Bush street, Robert Wieneke
presiding. The enrolling committee re
ported that it had made remarkable prog
ress in the matter of increasing the mem
bership of tbe club. In the limited time
that had been allowed them they had
without any difficulty secured a member
ship of over 500 and all indications were
that this number would be largely multi
plied before the next meeting.
The committee further reported that it
bad placed enrolling lists at a number of
places, from which very satisfactory re
sults were anticipated. The report of the
committee was adopted.
Thereupon the president announced that
he had appointed the following-named
gentlemen as an executive committee:
Oscar Tolle, Dr. F. P. Muffe, G. Siemann,
R. Munk, Charles Samuels (editor of the
San Francisco Abend Post), L. Pockwitz,
G. A. Rutz, H. C. Droeeer, Charles \V.
Mainwaring, Fritz Gerke, Dr. A. E.
Bruneand R. Jentsch.
Dr. F. P. Muffe, the president, was
authorized to appoint a finance committee
of seven. The president asked that he be
allowed until the next meeting to name
the appointees. Permission was granted
accordingly.
After the routine business of the organi
zation had been transacted spirited ad
dresses were delivered by D. Kiint worth of
the San Francisco Abend Post, R. Munk,
General Saloman, Dr. B. Paulsen and Dr.
Wirth.
The speeches were enthusiastically re
ceived by the large gathering and the
meeting adjourned to meet at the same
place next Friday night at 8 o'clock.
STRONG FOR McKINLEY.
Gratifying Reports of the Political
Tendency In the Northwest.
J. P. Parkinson of the Post-IntelU
gencer and George M. Stewart, treasurer
of the State Central Committee of Seattle,
are down on a visit from Washington.
They are unanimous in tne belief that
McKinl-eyism is fast spreading throughout
tbe great Northwest. One hopeful sign is
the general organization of business men.
The silver wave is subsiding and the
laboring man is beginning to understand
how the thing stands.
"I think," said Mr. Parkinson, "that we
will carry the State for McKinley in No
vember. The business men are making a
quiet campaign over the counter find
gradually all classes are coming in.
Ninety-five per cent of the business men
of Seattle are in favor of MrKinley.
"All the country wants is time. As men
think they quickly determine to vote for
tbe man of Ohio, the representative of
patriotism, protection and prosperity."
•
M'KINLEY DEMONSTRATION
Republicans of the Thirty-Sixth
District Discuss the
Issues.
The First McKinley Club of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District turned out in
force last evening to listen to an enthusi
astic discussion of campaign issues and
whoop it up generally for the candidates
of peace, protection and prosperity. The
club now numbers about 300, and is a
thoroughly representative organization.
It is officered by W. C. Johnson, president;
Fred Elliot, vice-president; William
Wright, treasurer; Edward Banning, sec
retary, and Charles Ellis, sergeant-at-arms.
At last evening's meeting addresses were
made by Louis Titus, Robert Ash, Judge
G. C. Groezineer. Andrew Branch and
others. The subjects of a protective tariff
and ?ound money were thoroughly ex
ploited and ably advocated. Music was
furnished by the Ingleside Glee Club ana
the Union League quartet.
It was decided to hold weekly meetings
each Tuesday hereafter until November.
On next Tuesday evening several promi
nent speakers will be present, and there
will be a grand rally.
Thirty-Ninth District.
A meeting of Republicans of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District was held Thurs
day night at the new hall, southeast corner
of Leavetiworth and Geary streets, Presi
dent John Gilson in the chair. Secretary
Thomas R. Ridinsr, who is also the secre
tary of tbe executive committee, reported
that Chairman W. J. Herriu of the execu
tive committee had selected the present
quarters as tne permanent place of meet
ing for the club.
Thursday evening was named as the
regular meeting night of the club.
On motion the president was author
ized to appoint a finance committee of
three, which he did by naming Oscar
Tolle, M. M. Barnete and A. Levin.
H. H. Hutton, W. J. Hernn, M. M.
Barnete, Thomas Morton and others made
short speeches, all of which were brim full
of patriotism for the Republican party and
the stability of the recognized and regular
County Committee and its leaders.
The McKinley Zouaves.
The McKinley Zouaves held a meeting
last night at Washington and Mission
streets. Mr. Davey and Mr. Stephens de
livered eloquent speecbes, and urged the
enthusiastic listeners to stand by the
standard-bearers. McKinley and Hobart.
The club was also entertained with several
political songs rendered by the members.
A resolution was presented and adopied
amid a burst of applause indorsing the
Hon. Thomas Desmond for Superintend
ent of Streets and demanding his nomina
tion by the Republican Municipal Con
vention.
STOLE SILENTLY AWAY
Sudden Disappearance of a Pretty
Seventeen- Year-Old
Girl.
Stella Perrault Leaves Her Home
and Friends Without a Word
of Warning.
Miss Stella Perrault, a pretty 17-year-old
girl who up to the day before yesterday
lived with her mother at 211 Mason street,
has disappeared, and her relatives are
searching high and low for her with the
hope of inducing her to return to her home.
Though her sudden leaving was evi
dently premeditated, her mother and half
brother, J. B. Hurd, who is on the police
force, had not tne slightest suspicion that
she intended flight, and were taken com
pletely by surprise when she failed to re
turn home on the evening mentioned. In-
vestipation, however, snowed that her de-
parture had not been the result of a sud
den impulse, as the best of her wardrobe
was gone, and a call at a local bank, where
she had kept a balance of $60 to her credit,
showed that she had drawn it all out sev
eral days ago.
Her jewelry and other trinkets dear to
the feminine heart were also missing.
Miss Perrault was surrounded by ail the
comforts that she could desire, and her
family are at a loss to account for her de
sertion except on the theory that st:e has
been enticed away by some man with
whom she has become infatuated.
Since her disappearance her half brother
bas been on an almost constant watch for
ber, but believes that In view of the care
ful preparations sue had made that she
has left the city and will be found in some
country town, unless she concludes to re
turn of her own accord.
Descriptions of her will be sent to all
interior points and every effort made to
bring her back.
Neighbors who were acquainted with
Miss Perrault attiibute her leaving to a
tall, blonde young man, with whom she
has been Been walking of late, and of
whom she seemed to be very fond. She
was seen with him near the Perrault home
on the evening that her disappearance was
noticed. Misa Perrault' s father, who was
in the liquor business, has been dead for a
year and a half, and her mother has been
sick for several weeks. Her daughter's
departure has almost prostrated Mrs. Per
rault, and she asks constantly for her
Miss Perrault was quite an accomplished
musician and was well liked by her ac
quaintances.
ADMISSION DAY REGATTA
List of luterclub Yachts That Will Sail
for the Hacdonough
Cup.
The Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion's committees met last evening at the
Merchants' Exchange and took up the
business of the coming Admission day re
gatta to take place on the bay for the
Macdonough silver cup. The yacht en
tries so far are as follows:
Corinthian Club— Bloop Truant, Commodore
J. W. Pew; sloop Clara, Alex J. Young; sloop
Elia, Fred Ames; sloop Mignon, George Biber;
sloop Secret, T. F. Tracy; sloop Vixen, A. 8.
Neal; sloop Eolus, R. N. Morrow and Carl
Westerfeld; sloop Harpoon, Fred H. Cook
sloop Thelma, E. A. Edgar; sloop Hope ,W.
Kennedy; sloop Edna, J. Lancaster; sloop You
and I, Captain Macfarland; sloop Mist, J. A.
Muller; yawl Pinta, T. C. Schrober; yawl Ne
reid, Will Fisher; yawl Seven Bells, Andrew-
Thorn.
California Club— Sloop Whirlwind, E. A. yon
Schmidt; sloop Mirth, Dr. C. Mervev; sloop
Surprise, Lee and Brandler; sloop Hulcyon,
Captain Moore; sloop Lucille, ; yawl
Pilgrim, Arthur Wiison; sloop Alert and
cutter Mascotte, Jules Hartman; sloop Sea
Fox, A. M. Clay.
S*n Francisco Club— Sloop Catherine, Suth
erland Bros.
Encinal— Sloop Fawn, James Tyson.
The regatta will take place on the old
course, starting from the foot of Powell
street west around Presidio shoal buoy,
thence back and around Blossom Rock
buoy, a distance of ten miles for the 20
and 25 foot classes, and twenty-eight miles
for the 55 and 80 footers.
The liigher-class yachts will start at 1
p. m., witn five minutes' limit and with
ten minutes between classes. There will
be a special class for yawls.
The design of tho interclub yacht flag
Is a blue burgee with white diagonal
crossbar with three stars above and two
below.
The trophy cup is on exhibition at
Hammersmith & Field's.
MORE IMPURE MILK.
D. Solarl Lose* Twenty Cans Because
It Would Not Stand the Inspec
tor's Tests.
Milk Inspector Dockery and Market In
spector Davis were on the road early yes
terday morning in search of impure milk
and succeeded in landing one load that
promptly went into the gutter. .' D. Solari,
who drives for the Ocean View Dairy, was
caught at Montgomery avenut, and Kearny
street with twenty cans of milk that would
no and the tests and was arrested iv
addition to losing his goods.
Fourteen 4 other waeons were examined
and the milk found to be up to the stand
ard. , ■ ;. v
■ _ Inspector Dockery has warned three
dairy on Stiver.: avenue that unless
their cow barns are at once cleaned up and
put in sanitary condition: he will recom
mend that the Board of Health condemn
them as nuisances and have them torn
town. They have been given- three days
to comply witn the order.
.•. ..: ;—; — «* » « '' ' '
_^ One million will h read : "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. My sell liollins/22 Clay,*
STOCKTON WILL
WOO AMADOR.
Another Railroad Projected,
Said to Be Backed by
Capital.
FIFTY MILES IN LENGTH
Some Mystery Maintained as to
the Real Supporters of the
New Line.
GALLED THE SIERRA PACIFIC
Preparations Have Been Made and
It Appears That Construction
May Begin Soon.
Another railroad is to run out of Stock
ton. This time it is not a paper railroad
to the mines, but a genuine scheme backed
by heavy capitalists. Wednesday articles
of incorporation of the Sierra Pacific Rail
way Company were filed. The road is to
run from Stockton to Jackson, Amador
County. It will run from Stockton in a
general easterly and northerly direction
and will have branches running to tne
town of San Andreaa and to Campo Seco
and to the Plymouth mine in Calaveras
County. The main line will be fifty miles
in length, tbe San Andreas branch six
miles and the Campo Seco and Plymouth
branches each two miles. San Francisco
is to be the principal place of business of
the company, but the directors are nearly
ail Stockton men.
The articles of incorporation specify that
the capital stock on the new Sierra Pacific
Railway Company is to be $2,000,000, but
as yet only the sum of $60,000 has been
subscribed, and by the following named:
P. A. Buell of Stockton, $100; W. A. Ship
pee of Avon, Butte County, $100; B. F.
Langford of Acampo, $200; B. \V. Moore
of Stockton, $14,900; A. Brown Jr. of
Stockton, $14,900; D. A. Robertson of
Stoctton, $14,900, and M. J. Gardner of
Stockton. $14,900.
The incorporators named are the first
directors of the road, but nearly, if not all
of them, are merely dummy directors, as
one of those interested in the scheme
said that the real owners of the
stock were large capitalists, whose names
he is not at liberty at present to divulge.
They have been working on the scheme
for several months and have at last per
fected their arrangements and are ready
to commence work.
There was much conjecture in Stockton
at ttie time the locomotives belonging to
Thomas S. Bullock arrived there, but now
there is no secret made by those interested
in the Sierra Pacific road that the engines
are for use on it, and that the rails
brought by BullocK from Arizona will be
used in the construction of the mountain
railway.
The road will probably run into Stock
ton over the tracks of the Valley railway.
Its terminal there will be on tbe Boggs
tract, facing on Mormon Channel, or close
by it, and arrangements are now being
made with the officials of the Valley rail
way to use its tracks into Stockton. Just
where the tracks of the new mountain
climber will branch off from the Valley
road could not be learned yesterday, as
some of those interested said the exact
route had not been decided on. This is
hardly probable, however, but those in
terested in the road wish to secure their
rights of way as quietly as they have made
their other arrangements for the construc
tion of the road. That they mean busi
ness there is little doubt, as those who
have given out the information that there
are several millionaires back of the scheme
are reliable.
P. A. Buell and the other incorporators
of the road came down from Stockton to
hold a meeting for the purpose of organiz
ing the directorate of the road and con
sulting with those who are really behind
the scheme.
Senator Langford is well known all over
the State; George A. Brown Jr. is con
nected with the Stanislaus and San Joa
quin Water Company ; M. J. Gardiner is in
the employ of P. A. Buell here and W. A.
Robertson is connected with Brown in the
office of the canal company mentioned.
Shippee is the nephew of the late L. U.
Shippee and is well known in Stockton.
There is much curiosity here as to who
the real backers of the scheme are outside
of Capitalist Bullock. Buell is to be made
the treasurer of the board of directors, but
who the other officers of the company are
to be is not known. Gardiner was inter
viewed in Stockton, but would, or could
not say anything about the road, be
evidently knowing little about it except
that he had been made a dummy director
and was going to San Francisco to take
part in a meeting, claiming even not to
know where the place of meeting was to be.
±\ A. Buel of Stockton, treasurer of tne
newly organized railroad, said:
"Its length will be about sixty miles.
We have made some reconnoisances of
the line and will in a couple of weeks start
on a permanent survey. Part of the dis
tance will be through the mountains. The
cost will probably be, on the average, from
$15,000 to $20,000 a mile, both for the build
ing and equipments. It will be a stand
ard broad-gauge road.
"Tne exact route will depend consider
ably on the people, as, of course, we want
to get the right of way. We will strike
no large town«, however. There will be
a good many stations along the route.
"Our object is to bring out the products
of the mine and ranch and take in such
things as the people want. We are going
to reach a good agricultural section. We
have found a region that will produce
good sugar beets, and we expect to bring
beets out for a factory that we know now
ia going to be built at 'Stockton.
"Besides this there are immense quanti
ties of fine timber as well as granite and
marble that there will be a market for as
soon as we get it to tide-water at Stockton.
When once it is at Stockton the freight is
practically nothing to this City.
"The mining interests now are looking
up all through the country our road will
go through. Tbe sulphurets that the
miners formerly threw away because they
thought there was no gold in them are
now found to contain more gold than the
rock.
"We expect to use the Bullock engines,
rails and otheT equipments which arrived
in Stockton recently, and about which
there was a good deal of talk in the
papers. Nobody has known what they
were for.
"Work on the line will be started very
soon and will be rushed through. We
hope to have it completed in about six
months. There is not a particle of doubt
about the road being built. Not a par
ticle. The money is ail raised now, and
tne men behind" the road, whose names
cannot be made public now, but will in a
day or two, are in dead earnest.
"I can say, too, that the road is abso
lutely independent of any existing road."
Tho meeting which was to have been
held Wednesday was postponed for a day
or two.
"Shut your eyes and breathe deeply and
slowly" is a Russian savant's, recipe
against seasickness. He says it is in
fallible—at any rate, it is inexpensive.
DRT GOODS.
SATORDAYBAiGinS'
FROM OUR GREAT
CLOSING = OJJTTSALE
$300,000 WORTH OF
DRY GOODS AND CLOAKS!
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
38 %£S?fou, regular pric. 5 00,
32d S e c^IKch APP^ DE4 '° R£SISt " AS " < lfe,re Bul8 ul. t price ,sc. »
At 43 cento Uaoh
29 dozen BUTTER APPLIQUE BORDERED VEILS, re g vl M price ,50, M-
LADIES' FANCY CAPES!
\Ajt $3.50.
LADIES' FANCY CAPES, yokes made of velvet, plain" or fancy silk with flounce of
each y 81 ' eadCd With jet) Worth 10 ' wiU Wo' d out at g6O
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
jAJt 8 CentSi-
NO -c' O^outa?sc^™ color ». wniba
y^^afijts?%s^ A^ <£S3SfiN RIBBON, in assorted color., '
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
At SO Cents.
200 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, ia black, regular value 85c, will be closed out at
j£K-~ti. -IT'S OGXLtSa
187 dozen 4-BTTTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID "GLOVES, embroidered backs.
colors red, brown, tan and navy, alao black, regular value ?1 25, will be closed out
tit /jc & psir.
?*. %".;'.; fi:' ■-, -A-t $1.00.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
150 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON < BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy made
specially for boys' wear, regular value 25c, reduced to 15c a pair.
200d ° zen n LA P IEs ; FINE -BLACK 13 Cents. high-spliced heels, double
? lES ) Fl k7 £ LACI V MACO COTTON HOSE, high-spliced heels, doubl.
soles and toes, fast black, regular price 25c, reduced to 15c a pair. ««uuio
-A.* 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, heavy weight, unbleached feet,
double heeis and toes, Hermsdorf black regular value #50 per dozen, reduced to
& STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL IB O'CLOCK. I
JsgQt^ MX7RPE7 BUTLDINGh /
fff/W^^ BffURPHT BUILDINav /
* Marttt Street comer of imi /
A CONTRACT CANCELED,
Daisy Belle Sharpe Will Leave
the Dalys to Marry
£. A. Howard.
The Groom Is Well and Favorably
Known in Local Mercantile
Circles.
The dramatic profession has lost a beau
tiful and talented young aspirant for his
trionic renown, while a prominent busi
ness man of this City has gained a win
some bride.
Miss Daisy Belle Sharpe, daughter of
Colonel Craigie Sharre of Oakland, whose
keen interest in the Midwinter Fair, Oak
land Exposition and other large enter
prises has made his name familiar the
whole State over, is now engaged to be
married, and the lucky man is E. A. How
ard of Howard & Co., the bDear-street
hardwood importers.
Both the lady and gentleman are well
known on both sides of the bay and are
highly esteemed. Miss Sharpe is a very
accomplished young woman, and has al
ready gained an excellent reputation as an
amateur in tbe theatrical proiession.
Judges of dramatic ability declare that
she lias unusual gilts in this direction.
When Augustin Daly savr Miss Sharpe
act he gave testimony 01 his admiration
and appreciation by at once offering her
a position in his own company to support j
Ada Rehan.
So nattering and so liberal was the offer
that, tbe budding actress decided to accept
it, and if nothing had interfered she would
shortly have gone East and begun her
work there.
Since completing her dramatic studies
the young lady has resided at her father's
home, 1934 Filbert street, Oakland. With
the lull approval of her nance she has
decided to give up the stage, and accord
ingly the engagement entered into with
Manager Daly has been canceled. Just
when the marriage will take place 13 a
mooted question, but from all accounts it
will occur at no very distant date.
Lately the young lady has handled a
very faciie quill for locai publications, ana
even tuougn she intends to relinquish the
idea of going on the stage there will be no
necessity of her severing all connection
between herself and the proiession in
which she has manifested so much talent.
Colonel Craigie Sharpe stated at his resi
dence last evening that the report is en
tirely true that hia daughter has canceled
her engagement with Daly ana will wed
E. A. Howard.
LABUR DAY PROGRAMME.
The San Francisco Council of Labor
Has Concluded Its Arrangement!.
The San Francisco Labor Council at its
meeting last night took final action re
garding the new charter, by recommend
ing that it be voted against by all the
labor unions.
The following programme has been
adopted by the council for Labor-day ex
ercises. It will be held in Metropolitan
Temple, San Francisco, Monday, Septem
ber 7, at 8 p. m. :
Overture, "National Medley," by the band;
opening remarks, by the chairman, T. F.
Burns, president Sen Francisco Labor Coun
cil; voca. selection, Mrs. J. Morrissey; poem,
"The Judgments of Labor," written for the oc
casion by Misa Gabriel M. C. Furlong,
rendered by Mark Dobrin; address, "Chil
dren of the Trade Unions," J. J. Galvin;
banjo selection, T. Bree; song, "Sing, Sweet
Bird," Miss M. Aspen, violin accompaniment;
address, "Trade Unionism, Its Necessity " An
drew Furuseth; song, "Rally," written, com
posed and sung by Professor Henri Fair
weather, piano accompaniment by Mrs. Henri
Fairweather; address, "Woman's Freedom."
Ho V me^ D bV a t h H eb S an a d W: " H ° me ' SwMt
SEEK FLOOD'S RELEASE.
Friends of the Imprisoned Canhiex
Working to Secure a Pardon
for Him.
Carroll Cook, attorney for John W.
Flood, the ex-cashier of the Donohoe A
Kelly Banking Company, yesterday
moved in the Superior Court that the
charges pending against his client be dis
missed. Flood is now in the penitentiary
serving a seven-year sentence for falsi
fying the bank records.
It is said that if Cook succeeds in hay
ing the pending charges dismissed an ef
fort will be made to have Flood pardoned.
It is desired, however, to have them dis
posed of before any effort to secure his re
lease is made.
The officials of the Donohoe- Kelly Bank
are reported to be satisfied with the pun
ishment already undergone by Flood,
particularly as he has made what restitu
tion he could.
» *■ isslng Boy.
The police were notified yesterday of tne
disappearance of W. Voorsanger, son of 8.
Voorsanger, 1925 Ellis street. He left home
on August 29, taking with him a change of
clothing ana a sketch-book. He is 15 years of
age, medium height, stout build, dark hair
ar.d complexion. He was last heard of in Santa
Clara County. His ptrents are heartbroken
over his absence.
tow to-pat: ■
'~""": -' '■ ■ .'■'. ~~~ 4 - - '----'-'-.■'- ----.
■
FiT SNAPS
ilk
0.25 DINNER SET
*-* — - complete for 6 persons, 54 piece*
£5.75 DINNER SET
v -' " — -. complete for 12 persons, 100 piecei.
: Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET
— Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 12 persons; 100 piece*
Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
PRETTY DECORATION.
Will Cost You Double Elsewhere.
SEE THEM.
FPIIIT ( 45c per Doz. Pints,
1 >V** ) 05c per Doz. Quarts.
jars. 1 35||S8S::85S$2SX
Great Anißripanlmportinj[ Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market St. 146 Ninth. »t.
2510 Mission st. - Ihirdst.
140 Sixth st. ■ 3008 Fillmore St.
7 o". l . B**8 ** 96 Market st.
1410 Polk St. , 3006 Sixteenth st.
K3i Montgomery «v«. 10^ Second st.
333 Hayes «t. 3285 Mission at,
52 Market at. (Headquarters), ; S. P.
1053 (Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
i3i San Pablo aye. ,917 Broadway, Oakland
5 5 Park st., Alamcda. .