VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 109.
NEW YORK'S
MAJORITY
Estimated at 725,000 in
Favor of William
McKinley.
FIGURES OF CHAIRMAN
HACKETT.
Vermont's Returns the Basis of
the Calculations Already
Made.
SOUND.MONEY DEMOCRATS IN
CONSULTATION.
Will Open Eastern Headquarters and
Take an Active Part in the
Campaign.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Bept. 16.— Affairs
were quiet to-day at Republican National
headquarters, and there were but few
callers. Senator Quay has not returned
to his desk, but is expected to be at work
to-morrow.
Chairman Hackett of the Republican
State Committee called early to-d iy.
When asked how he would estimate the
vote of the State of New York on the
basis of the returns from Vermont and
Maine Mr. Hackelt said:
"The estimates have been made and the
results are so startling that they appear
impossible, but I see no reason why they
should not hold good,
"The same reasons that affect the vote
in Vermont and Maine affect it in this
State. Now, following the percentage of
Republican gain in Vermont, New York
should give a majority of 725,000. Using
the Maine vote as a standard, our State
should give 630,000. The Democratic
mathematicians may work their brains on
these figures, and see if they can discover
any ground upon which the Bryan shout
ers base tt.eir assertion that New York is
uncertain."
The doings of the Democratic Btate Con
vention at Buffalo are being anxiously
watched at Democratic headquarters.
Treasurer St. John was early at his desk,
but he itfased to see reporters.
M. G. McLaughlin, who is Mr. Bt. John's
assistant, would not express an opinion
on the candidacy of Congressman Bulzer
for the nomination for Governor.
It is said there will be a meeting of the
Eastern members of The National Republi
can Committee to-morrow at which some
important work will be done.
William D. Bynum, chairman of the
National Committee of the sound-money
Democracy, had another conference with
other leading sound-money Democrats to
day. The New York branch headquarters
of tne National Committee will be opened
in a few days. General Charles Tracy of
Albany and George Foster Peabody will
be in charge.
Mark A. Hanna telegraphed to Republi
can headquarters this afternoon that he
would reach New York next Wednesday.
Senator J. B. Foraker, who has just re
turned from Europe, left this city to-day
for his home in Cincinnati. Senator For
aßer siated that he believed Ohio would
give McKinley and Hobart 200,000 ma
jority. ______^_^____
HAVANA'S MONEY CRISIS,
Weyler's Financial Decree May
Bring on a Commercial
Pan.c.
Gold and Silver Shipped in Large
Quantities to the United
States.
HAVANA, Ctjba, Sept. 16.— The money
question is the all absorbing topic of the
hour. Ever since General Weyler issued his
famous de ree ordering the Spanish banks'
paper money to be accepted at par with
gold, it was foreseen tbat complications
would arise because, not having the Gov
ernment's proper guarantee, it could not
be accepted as a circulating medium.
The Government is doing all in its power
to sustain the value of the paper, threat
ening with severe penalties those who
refuse to accept it on the same basis with
gold.
The Spanish bank, with the assistance
of the Government, in order to uphold its
paper, announced its willingness to
accept it in payment of drafts on
Spain, but when one of the local
bankers —as a test case — solicited
from the bank a draft on Spain for $15,
000, the bank refused on the cround mat
it could not furnish bills to bankers Who
did not admit its paper in payment of
their exchanges.
By repudiating its own paper the bank
has initiated a crisis in financial circles,
which has upset the money trarket and
many believe will end in a commercial
panic.
Man? efforts are being made to avert
disaster by inducing General Weyler to al
low the quotation on exchange of the
paper currency that everybody should
know its exart intrinsic value, but it seems
Weyler stands firm on bis decree and does
not allow the least variation of his orders.
The result is that ever since then the
Stock ami Gold Exchange has not done
any operations and all quotations are con
sidered nominal.
On the other hand, all the bankers, in
order to avoid the penalties of Wey
ler's decree by refusing the accept
ance of paper in payment of
drafts, have decided to close their
exchange departments, allesinj that they
have no funds abroad to check against —
The San Francisco Call.
"WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?"
"Rainey is Boss again. He has captured the Democratic Municipal Convention," — San
Francisco Examiner,
except when they are offered gold — then
the draft is furnished.
The governor of the Spanish bank called
a meeting of all the backers three days
ago to see how the financial difficulty
could be solved, but no definite agreement
was reached and the situation continues
the same.
As a natural consequence of this
state of affairs the exportation of
gold and silver is being carried on
to a great extent, all the outgoing
steamers carrying considerable quantities
of the precious metals to Spain and the
United States, this being attributed to the
great distrust existing among the wealthy
classes regarding future prospects.
The announcement that the wholesale
arrests of prominent citizens made Saatur
day last was simply a Government plot
to remove whom it believes obnoxious
persons has been fully confirmed, at least
in the case of Alfreao Hernandez Huguet,
the American citizen arrested.
When the police overran his house in
search of incriminating papers his daugh
ter saw one of the men put a sus
picious document among his papers ana
seizing him by the arm, strongly protested
against the infamous act he was com m it
ing; but it was of no avail, for they car
ried that document as convincing evidence
of guilt.
Bhe went to see Ooncul-General L»e and
told him the tale, and when the Consul
asked her if she had thecoaraee to lay the
facts before General Weyler she unhesi
tatingly assented.
It is understood both went to see the
general, and that he refused to listen to
her on the ground that he was not the
judge that had to decide the case, and that
sne should eive her testimony to the judge
who was to investigate th<> matter.
SULLIVAN NOT ARRESTED
French Papers Regard the Dyna
mite Scare as an English
Political Trick.
The Request for Tynan's Extradition
Will Probably Be Refused by
the Gjvernment
PARIS, Fbascb, Sept. 16.— 1n response
to inquiries ma.le at the Prefecture of
Police in regard to the rumor that Alex
ander Sullivan of Chicago, the Irish
leader. • ad been arrested here, a repre
sentative of the United Associated Presses
was informed that not only was 'here no
trnth in the report that Mr. Sullivan had
been taken into custody, but tbat his
arrest had not even been meditated by the
French authorities.
The French public press systematically
ridicule th« whole story oi the existence
of a dynamite c -nspiracy, whicli they de
clare is an English political trick intended
to interfere witn the proposed visit to
France of the Czar.
;Le,Soir, announces that two friends of
F. J. Tynan, the Irish invincible in ens
tody at Boulogne, have arrived at • that
place, having gone there at the re
quest of the prisoner's mother. They
endeavored to secure permission to
communicate with the prisoner, but in
£ c rt^ enC ?,°/ t: c SD Prefect were unable
to do : o. It is stated ' hat in any event no
one will be allowed to see Tynan or com
municate with Mm, without having first
secured the consent of the Guv rnment.
*vu I * is learned upon creditable authority
that the French Cabinet gives, so lUtle
credence to the English police officials'
story of a dynamite conspiracy that it will
probably refute to grant the request for
Tynan's oxtraditi n. • -
GLASGOW. ecoTLAND. Sept. 16.-It has
b en learned that the- name 'Be. l " ii v .n
by the alleged dynanvter arre, ed here on
baturday last, is an alias, the prisoner's
real name being Ivory.
SAN FRANCISCO, TH R >DAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
ENGLAND GIVEN
SHREWD ADVICE
Reminded That She Needs
Help Before Attacking
the Tnrk.
STEP OF GREAT GRAVITY
Sir Charles Dilke's Long and
Logical Letter on the
Subject.
FORESEES A GENERAL WAR
India, Canada and Australia Would
Be Forced In Probably Without
Their Consent
LONDON, Ewo., Bept. 16.— Lord Hugh
Richard Heathcote Cecil, fifth son of the
Marquis of Salisbury and member of the
House of Commons for Greenwich, has
written a letter expressing regret at his
inability to attend tne anti-Sultan meeting
in London, adding: "It wouid be danger
ous and misleading to the Armenians if
we made them believe that England alone
can save them. We cannot hope to save
them until the feeling abroad approaches
the excitement here."
Sir Charles Dilke has written a long,
reasoning letter, in which he says tbat if
Great Britain shall go to war she will
al-»o plunge Inaia, Canada and Australia
into war. possibly without their consent
Sir Charles ailds: "The forcible passage of
the Dardanelles might lead to a general
war, for which we are wholly unprepared,
and in which our very existence as a
power would be at stake."
In conclusion Sir Charles says: "Our
virtual protectorate over Egypt has de
stroyed in the minds of toe powers our
credit for clean hands in reiatio n to the
Ottoman empire."
The St. James Gazette, in an article
commenting upon the indifference of the
European powers in regard to ihc Turkish
massacres, proposes the formation of an
alliance between the United States and
Great Britain, in which Italy mignt possi
bly join.
"Alone among the nation? of the earth,"
the Gazette says, ":he Americans can
understand the impulse driving a free
people into war in order to rescue the op
pressed. If the th cc powers mentioned
should present a joint demand to the
Government at Constantinople it is im
probable that any serious employmentm ent of
force would be n«;essary."
The Daily Chronicle will to-morrow give
its roost cordial indorsement to the plan
jroposed by the St. James Gazette for ihe
formation of an alliance be w en the
United States and Great Britain, in which
Italy might possibly join, for the suppres
sion of the Turkish outrages and will say
it hopes that the proposal wi.l rind an
echo on the other side of the Atlantic
TURKISH OFFICIAL REPORT.
Mind Rage of the English Press It Said
'/' to H" ' I>'Con*i*t*nt '
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept. 16.
Turkish official circles have issued a
circular in which they gay they cannot
understand either the blind raze of
the English press against the Turk
ish Government or il>« sympathy
expressed for the Armenian annrchists
whose plans are merely a repetition of the
bomb-throwing of the Irish Fenians and
their menacing cf English buildings, for
the purpose of compelling the British
Government to come to terms. The
Armenian revolutionists, the statement
declares, have formed an infamous coali
tion with the nihilists and anarchists and
demolishes of society.
GROUNDING OF THE TEXAS.
The Battle-Ship Gets Into Shallow Water,
but t. » rapes Damage.
■ NEWPORT, R. 1., Sept. I.— The United
States steamer Texas arrived here last
evening and went agicuud in the sound
outside the torpedo station. At 1:40 x. m.
the battle-ship was ■ released with the as
sistance of four tugs which set up a steady
strain at two bells and got her off after
slightly over half an hour's pulling. There
was jno rock under her and she is unin
jured. His going ashore was due to a mis-
understanding of orders in the engine
room. The port engine was not reversed
when it should have been. The Texas was
aground about seven hours.
Wales Will Visit Ro»*b»ry.
LONDON, Ens, Sept. 16.— 1t is an
nounced to-niirtit that the Prince of Wales
will visit Lord Rosebery at the ex-
Premier's seat, Dalmeny Park, Linlith
gowshire, remaining mere until the ar
rival of the Czar, whom he will join at
Leith. It is understood that the visit of
his Royal Highness to Lord Rosebery will
be of short duration.
From a drawing supplied by Chief Officer Lawless of the Oceanic Steamship Company's Australia. The sketch was made as the
Australia was leaving for San Francisco*
WRECK OF THE
GAINSBOROUGH
Went Ashore Off Diamond
Head, on the Island
of Oahu.
NO LIVES WERE LOST.
The Vessel Is a Complete Loss,
but the Cargo May Be
Saved.
BDTJND FOR SAN FKANCISCO.
Loaded With Coal and Did Not Carry
a Cent of Insurance on the
Ship Itself.
HONOLULU, H. L, Bept 9.— The bark
Gainsborough, Captain Alexander Me-
Phail. went ashore off Diamond Head
early on Saturday morning, August 29.
THE BARK GAINSBOROUGH ON DIAMOND HEAD REEF.
She was making port for the purpose o
eetting a supply of fresh water when the
accident occurred.
The vessel is a tocal loss, and there is no
insurance on her. Her spars and rigging
have been removed and the wreck so d lor
$1825. The cargo of coal wili probably be
saved. No lives were lost.
HOW THE WEEK OCCURRED.
Story of the JHanster a* Told bt/ the
Captain.
Captain McPhail, accompanied by his
wife and four children, arrived on the
steamer Australia yesterday. He seems
to have taken the 10-s of vis vessel very
much to heart, and said the set of the
curr nt was the cause of all the trouble.
"We sailed from Westport, New Zea
lan-l," said he, "on Jane 23, 1896. with a
cargo of 1315 tons of coal fur San Fran
cisco. Good weather was met with most
of the way.
"Upon approaching the Hawaiian Islands
we were short of water, so I determined
to put in there for that necessary article.
"On Friday afternoon, August 28, we
were off the island of Molokai, and at 1
a. M. ou Saturday we righted Oahu. Our
course was shaped about four and a half
miles off shore, and as we approached the
place where the Gainsborough struck the
course was changed to übout one and a
halt miles off shore.
"About 4:40 I went below to consult my
chart, and as I was doing this the steward
brought in the coffee. This finished 1 re
turned to my chart. Tuen I looked out
of the port to see where we were, ana to
my surprise found that we had gone a
good deal farther in than I had intended. I
could fairly feel the vessel being carried
toward shore by the force of the current,
and shuddered for what the next moment
would surely bring.
"Just at this time, about 5:30 a.m., I
felt her strike ana knew we bad gone
ashore as effectively as if the Gains
borough had been picked up and set on
the coral reef. I was owner of forty-tive
sixty-fourths of the Gainsborough, and as
there was not a cent of insurance on her
I wiil be the heaviest loser."
The Gainsborough has been mostly a
troop and coolie ship. For the last twelve
yeais she has confined her energies to the
wool trade in Australia.
During her career she has had no acci
dent whatever until the one Saturday
morning.
Captain McPhail has been master of the
vessel since January, 1884, and has since
that time acquired tne largest interest in
her, she being valued ataoout $15,000. He
will only remain here a short time to
square up accounts with F. Lnnd & Co.,
the agents of the Gainsborougli, after
which he and his family will sail for Eng
land.
ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.
New Officers and Next Place of Meeting
Chosen at the Annual Meeting of
the Society.
BURLINGTON, Vt., Sept 16.— The an
nual meeting of the Society of the Army
of the Potomac is in progress in this city
and will continue through to-morrow.
Following the meetings of the various
corps this morning and the parade this
afternoon there was a business meeting at
4 o'clock. Troy, N. V., was selected as
ttie place of the next meeting by a vote of
89 to 2 for Nashville, Term., and two for
Cleveland, Ohio.
General William Henry of Burlington
was elected president, with a vice-presi
dent from each corps in the society. Gen
eral Horatio King of New York was re
elected recording secretary, General
Samuel J. Truesdell of New York was
re-elected treasurer and Dr. W. Scott of
Boston was elected corresponding secre-
tary.
The Howard Opera-house was filled to
overflowing this evening for the public ex
ecci-e?. Welcoming addresses were made
by Governor Woodbury and Mayor Peck.
General John T. Lockman of New Yorir,
in behalf of the society, responded, thank
ing the people of Burlington for the
handsome manner in which they had en
tertained the members of the society.
Captain Jack Crawford delivered an ap
propriate poem, whicn was loudly ap
p lauded.
General Oriando Smith of Baltimore
then delivered the addres-s of the evening,
taking lor his theme, "Frpm the Army of
the Potomac to the Army of the Cum-ber
land."
JfaMnei brick Disaster.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 16.— 8y the cav
ing in of a pi.c of br.cfcs on the site of the
old Grand Pacific Hotel one man wa
killed and three seriously injured this
morning.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
CHITON'S
BIG DAY,
Opening of the Republican
Campaign in McKinley
town.
PROMINENT GOLD MEN
WILL SPEAK.
Vice-Chairman Apsley's Good
News Brought From the
Pacific Coast
PROTECTION OF INDUSTRIES
IS WANTED.
Large Delegation of Seel workers
About to Visit the M.jor at
His Home.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 16.—Vice-chair
man L. D. Arsley of the Congressional
committee, who has been making speeches
on the Pacific Coast, called on Mr. Mc-
Kinley to-day and brought him cheering
news from the far West. Mr. Apsley says
the situation on the Pacific Slope is im
proving daily from the Republican print
of view, and that he believes California,
Oregon and Washington will give substan
tial pluralities for McKinley and Robart.
•The people in those States want a fair
measure of protection for their indus
tries," said Mr. Apsley, "and they have
outgrown their free silver tendencies."
Major McKinley had a quiet day so far
as the coming of delegates is concerned,
but his callers were numerous. He has
prepared some of the speeches which he
expects to deliver later in the week. Ar
rangements for the big meeting to be held
here on Friday are going rapidly forward.
As the meeting is to be the formal open
ing of the campaign in the candidate's
own county, and as it is to be addressed
by Senators Thurston and Cnllnm, Gover
nor Hastings of Pennsylvania and Con
gressman McClearyof Minnesota, uncom
mon interest is being manifested in it.
There will be delegations here from Penn
sylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky, In
diana and Michigan. Ten thousand peo
ple are expected from Pittsburg and
vicinity and an equally large number is
coming from Eastern Ohio. The Elkins
Cadets will come on a special train from
Wheeling and a delegation of 2000 bicy
clists is scheduled to arrive from Toledo.
Major McKmley will probably make a
short speech at both the afternoon and
evening meeting. Governor A. S. Bush
nell of Onio will bo president of the day,
when it is estimated that there will be up
ward of 40,000 visitors in Canton.
The Real Estate Men's Republican Club
of Buffalo has written Major McKinley
that it would like to call on him either
September 23 or 24
Major McKinley attended a dinner party
this evening at the residence of the Hon.
Robert 8. Shields. Mr. Shields was United
States District Attorney for the Northern
District of Ohio during President Cleve
land's first administration.
To-morrow a large delegation of the
employes of the Edgar Thompson Steel
Works at Brad dock. Pa., is expected to
cail upon Major McKinley. The delega
tion will be in charge oi John Little, su
perintendent of the rail-mill, and John L.
Jones will act as spokesman of the party.
To Reduce- Custom- Uouie tCrnonmea.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 16.— A Her
ald special from Washington says: Act
ing Secretary Hamlin has sent instruc
tions to the collectors of customs in New
York and most of the other important
ports of the country directing them to re
duce the exrenditures in their respective
custom-houses to sue i an extent as to
bring ttie a gregate expenditures for the
current fis ai year down to the amount
expended last year.2
BUCKNER TALKS
TO TENNESSEEANS
Memphis Address of the
National Democratic
Candidate.
BRYAN'S NAME CHEERED
Discussion of tlis Financial Ques
tion by the Kentucky
Leader.
SPEECH OF JOHN E. FELLOWS.
Free Coinage of Silver Denounced as
a Fraud Perpetrated Upon the
People.
MEMPHIS, Tsnr., Sept. 16.— General
Simon Buckner, Vice-Presidential candi
date of the National Democratic party,
and Colonel John R. Fellows, campaigner
for the Sound Money Leasme, to-night
addressed an audience of 2500 at the Audi
torium.
General Buckner was the first speaker
and at once took up the financial question.
He discussed it from the standpoint of its
elementary principles and contended that
if the stamp of. tne Government, by being
•.'laced upon a piece- of silver or of gold,
an give it a different value from
I. at in a commercial sense, that stamp
■an give any value it pleases, even to a
thousand times, so that the proposition is
reduced to an absurdity. He cited history
in support of his proposition that when
ever a country had undertaken to in.'use
this value into the metal by coining it the
result had been commercial convulsion,
consternation and strife among the people
and rebellion against the Government.
He denounced the proposition to deceive
as advocated by the advocates of free
silver coinage, insisting that it was noth
ing more than defrauding the people.
Touching the work of the Chicago conven
>iuu and its power to bind the Democracy,
General Buckuer said:
Last summer, under the regular organiza
tion of tlie Democratic) party, meetings were
called in every county in every State in the
Union. Delegates were appointed to' tut*
conventions, and State conventions appointed
delegates to the Chicago convention. - What
were those delegates instructed to do? In
nearly every county in the United .States the
first resolut.on parsed by me county meetings
was to reaffirm the principles of Democracy.
When the delegates thus instructed to dis
charge their duties as Democrats went 10 toe
State conventions, those State conventions,
alin&nt without an exception, reaffirmed the
principles of Democracy, and the delegates
that they sent to tlie Chicago convention were
obliged to suppOit Democratic principles.
Every sentiment of personal honor, of partisan
duty, compelled them to arrange their plat
form on Democratic lines and discard from it
everything that was not. [Applause.]
Waal did they do? rii •>• went to Chicago
and arranged a. pluiform from which the last
vestige 01 Democracy had vauisned. 1 defy
any man to attempt to point to a single article
or a single line 01 that platform which enun
ciates Democratic doctrine. It announces as
principles of the Democratic) party principles
which we have coinbaitvd for a hundred
rears, from the time 01 Jefferson to this rood
Lour. Aud yet, lellow-cilizens, they have
laced upon that platform a man for caiidi-
Ua'e who has declared that be Is no Democrat.
Fellow-citizens, they say that we mast sup
) o t their candidate ana their platlorm be
cause it was done regularly. That reminds
me of an illustration which my distinguished
friend made a short time ago. . He said, under
the claim oi regularity, Benedict Arnold had
the right to claim the import of the patriots
of the Revolution. He was regularly com
missioned by his Government in toe patriot
army; he was iegu'arly commissioned under
the principles of West Point and the High
lands by General Washington; he issued or
ders through his staff regularly and in an en
tirely regular way; he issued orders which
disposed the «riny under his command and
placed it in such a positiou that the enemy
could come upon it and massacre the last
man. It was ail done with perfect regularity.
The only thing wauling was a little matter o
principle. [Applause.] Nor did it seem tube
in the mind; ol those gentlemen assembled in
Chicago professing to represent Democracy.
Tney said, what we have done was dove regu
larly.
Under that theory General Washington and
the Continental army were bolters because
they would not fotlow Arnold in bis treason.
Because we will not follow these gentlemen
at Chicago in their defection iroru Democratic
principles we are to be called bolters.
In the course of his speech General
Buckner mentioned the name of Bryan,
and no s-ooner had tne word left his
mouth than the house was the scene of
the wildest demonstration oT the evening.
The cheering continued until the chair
man of the meeting was compelled to ask
the audience to give the general a respect
ful hearing.
At tbe conclusion of General Buckner's
speech Colonel John K. Fellows was iutro
uuced. He said in part:
That the silver dollars and paper dollars of
this Government to-day are equal to gold, is
Uue to the method of the Government, by
which they are exchangeable for gold. The
Government keeps enougu reserve to make its
credit good before all the world, for the re
cif raption of Us promise that it will pay Us
debts in gold. "
What if tnat function should be destroyed?
Oh, says Mr. Bryan, I believe it you would 'give
us free and unlimited coinage at the
ratio of 16 to 1, the demand for silver
by this new issue you have given it,
would raise it at that ratio to a level
with gold. It would be worth $1 29 an ounce
Well, we simply say, but suppo.se it should not
Mr. Bryan, what then? Suppose the commer
cial world refuses to accept it at that value?
Have you ever stopped to thick what an awful
calamity would be precipitated upon this
country? If that single belief of Mr. Bryan
itt behaif of which he challenges the votes of
his countrymen, should not be realized as a
fact, not one hour would your gold remain as
a circulating medium in this country.
General Buckner and Co onel Fellows
left at 11:10 p. m. for Louisville.
HARD AND CARINED TO SPEAK.
Will Take the Stump it* Behalf of Hound
Money.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 16— Now
that Maine has voted speaker Reed will
be released to the country at large, and
there will be a lively demand for his serv
ices from all sections. In ail probability,
he will be heard principally in the Middle
and debatable Western States. Personally
he is is very popular in the West. In the
committee assignments of the House Mr.
Reed as Speaker treated Western men
with marked consideration, and this is
remembered cordially by them and their
constituents in Illinois,* lowa, Michigan,
Kansas and California, wtiere he lived lor
awhile. The Republican cause will greatly
be benefited by his participation iv the
campaign. -
Another strong speaker for sound
money soon to be heard in debatable ter
ritory is Secretary Carlisle. The demand
for him also is very great in Illinois, in
Indiana and in" his own Stato of Ken
tucky. Large audiences are certain to
greet him where ever .he may appear.
Chicago, Indianapolis, Louisville and
Lexington are mentioned as likely to be
remembered in the arranging of his pro
gramme, and even Nashville and
Memphis are suggested. Mr. Carlisle,
while not an orator in the sense that Mr.
Bryan and Mr. Cockran are orators, is yet
one of the most convincing of men on the
stump, ana is always in demand when tne
issues are important and the contest
spirited.
While the sound-money men are thus
felicitating themselves on the growing
strength of their stumping force Bryan
men are depressed. They have nobody to
tend after a man like Mr. Reed and Mr.
Carlisle. The embarrassment is only fully
to be mensured when it is considered that
Senator Gray, 6enalor Vilas, Kenator Llns
day, ex-Governor Waller and E. J. Pheips
have all been driven into opposition. Ex-
Governor Campbell is silent, and Senator
Hill can be of no service no matter what
the Buffalo convention may do. These
men are all capital speakers, and without
them Democracy, which ordinarily could
command their best efforts', goes begging.
Their places cannot be tilled.
WATHON WILL NOT RENION.
Will Remain on the Ticket to the Bitter
End.
LINCOLN, Nebb., Bept. 16.— The Lans
ing Theater was crowded to the doors this
afternoon, the attraction being Hon.
Thomas E. Watson's address on the is
sues of the campaign. Mr. Watson was
introduced by State Chairman E imiston
and spoke for an hour an I a half. His
speech was a defense of the Populist Na
tioual platform, and in no sense did the
Vice-Presidential candidate refer to Mr.
Sewall or the recent election in Maine.
Mr. Watson showed ihe manner of
"putting a nation In bondage" by dwell
ing upon the situation in Egypt and the
recent absorption of the Fiji Islands by
Great Britain. Quoting from a recent
speech of Major McKinley's, he endeav
ored to show the inconsistency of pro
tection and gold-standard finance, con
tending that, whereas, a high tariff would
raise prices of commodities, the apprecia
tion in the value of money under gold
monometallism would depress them.
Mr. Watson warmly eulogized Mr.
Bryan, aud when he said "I sincerely
hope and trust be will be elected," brought
out tremendous and long-continued ap
plause. He was particularly emphatic in
declaring that under no circumstances
would he withdraw from the race, saying:
"They put me on sentinel duty to hold a
place on the National ticket. They se
lected the post of duty, and without solici
tude, effort or desire on my part, selected
me to till that post of duty; and no matter
what any Republican newspaper or Demo
cratic newspaper may say upon that sub
ject, I shall hold that post of duty until
the last gun in this campaign is tired."
WANTS GOLD MEN TRIED
A Minnesota Politician Asks
That Bourke Cockran Be
Indicted.
Says That Tbrnsands Are Dying of
Starvation B cause of Scarcity
of Silver.
CHICAGO, 111., Hept.lG.— A special from
St. Paul, Minn., says:
Attorney-General Childs has been asked
to secure the indictment of Bourke Cock
ran while the New Yorker is within the
Slate mailing an address at Minneapolis
this evening. The complaint against
Cockrau is contained in a written com
munication signed by H. Ellingston, a
writer in favor of free silver.
Mr. Eilingntou maintains that the pres
ent depression is attributable and legally
traceable to the depreciation of prices due
to the criminal reduction of the amount
of legal tender money in circulation ty the
demonetization of silver.
A3 a direct result of this Ellington in
sists, that thousands  are yearly dying of '
enforced starvation throughout this coun- j
try, in Minnesota, as well as, in the States '
where silver' mines have been forced to :
close, and he declares the blood of these
martyrs is on the hands of every official
who has an open part in the advocacy of
the maintenance and continuance of the I
present, as he terms it, unfair and parti- i
san standard.
Mr. EUingston demands that Bourke
Cockran, as the open and avowed apostle
of the conspiracy, be apprehended and
proceeded against with due form of law,
and with all t.'je legality necessary to the
preservation of the rights of -the American
citizen. Ellingston professes no desire to j
take snap judgment on any citizen, but \
says he demands that the rights of man- ■
kind be tried before tribunal? which the i
fathers of the Republic in their wisdom
established, and that persons responsible
for the terrible conditions which are caus- j
ing the death of thousands of human |
beings year after year be brought to jus- !
tice, regardless of political, social and !
other prominence and of prejudice to ex
isting political contests.
DO NOT LIKE FILLET'S WAYS.
.Missouri Republican* Obj'ot to Hit
Campaign. Method*.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 16.— A coraplain
in« delegation of prominent Missouri Re
publicans arrived at National Committee
headquarters to-day and spent several
hours in secret conference with Chairman
Hanna and others in authority. They
made no concealment of their dissatis
faction with Chairman Filley's manner of
conducting the Missouri campaign aud
admitted that the object of their mission
was to present the true status of the party
affairs to Mr. Hanna, suggesting that Mr.
Filley be induced to turn over a new leaf
without delay and to ask that an abun
dance of literature and speakers be sent
into Missouri, or the State would be lost
to McKinley.
The delegation complained that stacks
of literature which bad been sent to the
State Committee in St. Louis was lying
there because the committee, which was
really Mr. Filley, had no money to distrib
ute the printed arguments among the coun
ty committees and elsewhere. Richard C.
Kerens, who was defeated by Mr. Filley
at the St. Louis convention, beaded the
delegation and snent yesterday in Canton
with Major McKinley idling him the
story. In the party were also Congress
man Nathan Frank ot St. Louis, Major
Bittin^er of St. Joseph. Samuel C. Scott
of Kansas City, Joset>h Parke of La Plata,
Lib Morse and E. J. Morse of Excelsior
Springs. M # r. Kerens said Mr. Filley was
confining his campaign work to St. Louis
and neglecting the rest of the State, al
lowing no one to advise or assist him.
HAINE'S MAJORITE GROWING.
the Republicans Carry the State by fifty
Ikon* and Plurality.
PORTLAND, Me.. Sept. 16.-The Port
land Daily Press has received returns
from all but sixty-one of the towns and
plantations in Maine. These returns give
for Governor: Powers (R.), 80,221; Frank
(D.), 32,663; Bateman (Pop.). 3263; Ltdd
(Pro.), 2096; Clifford ; (Nat. Dem.), 623.
Powers' plurality is 47,558 In these towns.
The same towns in 1894, the landslide
m 1m 1 « V £« « V t 8 (R ->« mm ' Johnson
(D.), 28.968; Batsman (People's), 5462:
Hersey (Pro.), 2444. Cleaves' plurality for
these towns was 37,863.
In the remaining sixty-one towns and
plantations C eaves had *■• plurality of
1054. These figures confirm the Press'
previous estimate that the Republican
plurality will be very near 49,000 votes.
MIOT AT KNONIELLE.
free Fight at the JJebate Between Till
man and lay lor.
KNOXVILLE, Tens., B«pt 16.-There
came near being a riot thia afternoon when
gubernatorial candidates Bob Taylor and
G. N. Tillman met in the presence of 6000
people. A fight occurred near the speak
ers stand and a dozen, persons were more
or .'ess injured. The excitement was in
tense, and it was with the ereatest effort
that order was sufficiently restored to en
able the crowd to hear the addresses.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
HARMONY WITHOUT
AND HADES WITHIN
Convention of the Dem
ocratic Party in New
York.
SUPPOSEDLY FOR SILVER
Really Being Run by the Ad
vocates of the Single
Gold Standard.
SENATOR HILL IN COMMAND.
T<mmany Braves Hep to Nominate
a Ticket Which They Will
Surely Knife.
BUFFALO, N. V., Sept. 16.— The Demo,
cratic convention held a session of just
one hour and eighteen minutes to-day,
and adjourned until to-morrow morning
without effecting a permanent organiza
tion. It was free silver from the moment
ex-Senator Thomas F. Grady took the
gavel -as temporary chairman. His first
utterance in favor of Bryan and Sewall
and the restoration of silver was greeted
with tumultuous applause, which showed
plainly where the convention will stand.
Later on, a resolution indorsing Bryan
and Sewall and the Chicago platform, of
fered by J. W. Ridgeway of Kings County,
was greeted with cheers, but under tbe
rules was referred without action to the
committee on resolutions. The latter
body has put in several hours' work and
agrees to present a platform to-morrow
which indorses the Chicago platform as a
whole and pledges the support of the.
Democracy of the State to the Bryan and
Sewall ticket. It will be adopted with a
wnoop.
Just how much this action may aid
the Democratic National ticket is a ques
tion. There are men here with good pow
ers of observation who say that this is but
a silver-plated | convention, and that it
offers Mr. Bryan only empty honors, as
the sound-money Democrats predominate
in this State, and the men who openly in
dorse the regular .ticket for the sake of
regularity will knife it or trade it at the
polls in November.
There are many men who are sincere in
their silver views, and they are loudly
protesting against tbe manner in which
the organization is running the conven
tion. In tin first place they object to the
elated nominee, John Boyd Tnacher of
Albany, who is a sound-money man and
made a strong gold speech at the June 1
convention in Saratoga. Next they opject
to Frank Campbell, ex-Comptroller of the
State, who is slated for National commit
teenian. Mr. Campbell is associated with
the banking interests and is said to be a
sound-money man at . heart. The silver
men are not entirely satisfied as to the
conversion of Elliott Danforth, who has
always, beeu a sound-money man and
who is. slated to succeed Major James W.
lliuckley as chairman .of the Slate Com
mittee. ' . - . .
" There have been conferences of silver
men who are opposed to the machine pro
gramme, but the untis have not been able
to find a way to block the wheels. David
B. Hill has run things up to date as he
pleased by the aid of a long-distance tele
phone and the telegraph. The .Mate is un
broken, except that Catlin, Grout and
R.dgeway of Kings are not in second
place. Thomas Ryan, ex-Mayor of Syra
cuse, seems to be the most prominent
running-mate tor Thncher in sight.
James W. HincKley, chairman of the
State Committee, called the convention to
order at 12:30 p. M. and announced that
the State Committee had selected Thomas
F. Grady of New York for temporary
chairman.
Mr. Grady wa« greeted with faint hand
clapping. He started in at once with his
address and soon routed hearty applause
from the delegates and from spectators in
the galleries. . When he had finished he
was given three cheers ana a tiger..
James \V. Ridgeway of Kings ottered
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Democracy of the
State of New - York - m convention
assembled at the city of Buffalo
do hereby most heartily, indorse and
approve the platform adopted* by the
National Democracy at the Chicago con
vention in July last, and we hereby unre
servedly and unequivocally ratify and ap
prove of the nominees of said convention,
William Jennings Bryan and Arthur Sew
ail, and pledge them our earnest and cor
dial support in. their gallant fight for the
maintenance of Democracy and Demo
cratic principles."
A number of other resolutions were in
troduced and referred, among them being
one on Government control ol railroads.
The committee on platform was notified
to meet at 5 T. m., when the convention,
at 1:48, adjourned until to-morrow morn*
ing at 10 o clock.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion met at 4 p. x., aud selected!!. 1L
Rockwell of Chemung for permanent
chairman and the committee on creden
tials met at 4:30 p. m. Charles M. Bulger
of Oswego was elected chairman.
The committee on resolutions met
shortly after sp. St. at the Genesee. Ber
nard J. Yorke of Kings was made chair
man.
Tbe committee was confronted with a
stack of resolutions and proposed planks
a foot high, and the indications are that
their session will be a prolonged one.
James W. Hinckley declined re-election
to the Slate Committee from his (the
Thirteenth) district, though urged to do
so by the members of the delegation. A.
H. Green was elected in his place.
There was a lively time at the meeting
of the Kings County delegation. Senator
McCarren offered a resolution that the
delegates vote as a unit on ail questions
before tne convention. . It was lost by a
vote 17 to 41. ;.
The friends of Coffee and Ridgeway
claim to have captured the delegation by
electing the committeemen in all bat the
Third. Sixth and Seventh districts.
A conference of enti-Thacher delegates
were held this afternoon, and James W.
Ridgeway was. urged to stand in opposi
tion to the Albany man. He declined and
declared himself out of the contest.
Chairman Hinckley wired to Senator
Murphy tuis morning asking him to ac
cept the place on the National Committee
which would be vacant by the resignation
of William F. Sheeban. He received the
following reply :-
-"I would not accept under any con
ditions. I favor Frank Campbell for the
place." ..,
The committee on electors met at the
Iroauois Hotel this afternoon. The fol
lowing electors at large were chosen:
Robert P. Bush of Horsehead, Benjamin
Wood of New York. District electors were
also selected.
The Foil of Missouri.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 16.— poll of
Missouri by the Democratic State Central
Committee is nearly completed. Secre
i tary Love made an unofficial advance re
port to-day. \ He Mid :
""We find from the reports by school dis
tricts that there is very little defection
among the Democrats of the interior, and
that the Republican* are going to lose a
great many votes. Nearly every report
that comes to us Bbows a number of waver
ing Republicans. From what w« have
learned since the canvass be can we are in
clined to believe that the State will give
Bryan a majority of nearly 70,000."
SECRETARY CARLISLE'S LETTER.
Chairman JPaulknur Say It Will Hurt
Republicanism.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 16.~"It is
the most astounding proposition I have
yet beard advanced by any man, and it
will make us thousands of votes."
Such was the exclamation of Chairman
Faulkner of the Democratic Congressional
Committee to-day after reading Secretary
Carlisle's letter.
"The sting to this letter ia concealed in
the midst of a lot of verbiage, but it comos
boldly to the front on careful reading,"
continued Senator Faulkner. "In view of
the Secretary'a letter to me and his pre
vious statements, I can only look upon
his present attitude as somelhin/, remark
able. It would force another issue of
bonds. In this letter Mr. Carlisle say*
that 'under auch conditions (lice coinage)
the Government would be compelled from
the beginning to exchange gold for sijrer
dollars and their paper representatives
whenever demanded, just ft» it now ex
changes fold for its own notes when de
manded.'
"Suoh an announcement contemplates
an entire reversal ot tue established policy
of this Government aud would be a viola
tion of the law itself. The silver certifi
cate, on its face, is redeemable in silver
dollars and now the Secretary comes aloni?
with an advocacy of its redemption in
gold, and not only the silver certificates,
but the silver dollars themselves.
"Not more than two weeks ago I re
ceived a letter from the secretary which
1 gave publicity, in which he said that
gold had never been demauded in ex
change for auver during bis administra
tion, and that the records ot the depart
ment failed to show that such demands
had ever been made.
"The letter of the Secretary published
this morning is a*notu c to tbe bondiiold
era aud syndicates that if th** treasury
deem* it. necessary they will redeem silver
with sold. It is the proposed establish
ment of a condition that will compel
another issue of bonds. When the policy
of redeeming the greenback in gold was
inaugurated greenbacks were cornered and
becume the subject of speculation. Wften
treasury note* were held to be re
deemable in gold they likewise be
came tbe object of solicitude on
the part of the men engaged in the
business of cornering money. Now we
have tbeastouuding proposition to pay gold
for silver certilicates aud induce another
money corner tnat will contract our cur
rency to the point of retirement of the
only money that now does the business of
the people.
"Such propositions as this, or their mere
agitation, are sufficient to alarm the peo
ple, and Mr. Carlisle's letter it bound to be
of inestimable bnetit to those wuo are
fighting tbe battles of the Democratic
party."
RETURN FROM ARKANSAN.
Republican* Find f.aute for Jubilation
2 herein. \
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 16.— The
revised election returns from Arkansas
are affording the Republican managers
considerable satisfaction. Chairman Bab
cock was in a particularly cheerful humor
as he discussed the subject tnis afternoon.
"In the election of 1594," said he,
"Clarke, the Democratic nominee for
Governor, carried the State by 45.7-4
plurality and 'by a majority of 24,273.
Kemmel (R.) received 26,085 votes and
Barker (Pop.) 24,541. According to the
returns so far received from sixty-oae out
of sixty-five counties Jones (D.) received
71.6-15 votes, or 3164 less than Clarke re
ceived two year* ago. Kemmel, the Re
puolkan candidate, received 20,410. a gain
of nearly 4l>o votes, while tl>e Populists
lost 13,000 votes irom tLe vote they polled
two yours ago.
'Ttie sih'iiificance of all this lies in the
tumble Irom the heavy plurality of over
80,000 to a plurality of 33,000 or 15,000 less
than two years ago which bus taken place
since the "lirat reports of the recent elec
tion were given to the public by the
Democratic managers, witb a view of off
setting the Vermont tidal wave. Press
dispatches say tbe four counties vet to
hear from will not materially change tbe
result This is probably too optimistic
in view of the manner iv which election
returns are sometimes manipulated in
Arkansas. It would not surprise me if
the returns Irom those four counties were
held back to round out Jones' 'magnificent
victory. 1 "
FUSION IN ILLINOIS.
Democrat* Resign to Make Room for
fopUlittM. ■■
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 16.— Fusion of the
Democrats and Populists* on Presidential
electors, State ticket and Congressmen
was completed to-day at a meeting of the
Democratic State Central Committee. The
agreement had been made in detail by the
leaders on both sides beforehand, and only
tbe formal execution was needed to make
the fusion legal and binding.
Under the agreement the resignation of
Thomas Carey, elector at large of Chicago;
Justice George P. Foster of Chicago, Third
District elector, and George M. Lecroue of
Effingham, Nineteenth District elector,
were accepted and the vacancies tilled by
three Populists— H. E. Taubeneck, ex
chairman of the National Committee; Dr.
H. 8. Taylor, chairman of the Cook
i County committee, and Herman- Als
chuler, a Populist elector committed to
Watson. Andrew L. Maxwell, chairman
of the Populist State Committee, was put
on the Democratic ticket for State Auditor
in place of W. F. Beck, who resigned for
that purpose.
Lieutehant-Goverr»or Gill's resignation
as a Democratic elector, because of differ
ences witn Governor Altgeld and lack of
sympathy witn the National platform, was
referred to the executive committee to
accept or not.
SOURRE COCKRAN'S REUETTION.
The Building Fail* to Hold All Who
Would Hear Him.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Sept. 16 —The
demonstration this evening upon the ap
pearance of Bourke Cockran at tbe Expo
sition building in the advocacy of the elec
tion of William McKinley exceeded any
event of a political nature in the experi
ence of Minneapolis. Not less than 7000
people joined in the parade prior to ti:e
meeting, which was presided over by D.
W. Lawlor of St. Paul, Democratic Na
tional Committeeman for Minnesota.
Mr. Lawler introduced Mr. Cockran to
the vast audience and he was accorded an
ovation by 10,000 people when ho made his
appearance. He made a most forcible
and able speech on the lines of his pre
vious addresses during the campaign. In
the meantime the crowd outside was ap
yeased by speeches from local orators. It
was nearly midnight when tbe exercises
were finished and the audience dispersed.
CONORENNIONAD NOMINATION.
Candidate* yarned in Several State* by
IHjferettt Parties.
Seventeenth Pennsylvania district — Al
phonso Walsh (D.).
Sixteenth New York— B. L. Fairebild
Second Michigan— T. E. Barkworth (D.).
Fourth Pennsylvania— James R. Young
(R-).
First Pennsylvania— General H. H.
Bingham (R.).
Second Pennsylvania — R. Adams Jr.
(R.)
Third Pannsvlvania— F. Hatterman (R.).
Fifth Pennsylvania— A. C. Harmer(R.).
Tnird Illinois — C. SL Darrow (D.).
Second Michigan—?. E. Barkworth (D).
Seventh Wisconsin— A. C. Larsen (D.
and Pop.).
Fourteenth Illinois— D, R. Sheen (Pro
hib. and Nat.).
Second lowa— Alfred Hur3t CD-).
BRYAN TALKS
FOR BUNCOMBE
Unique" Reception Accorded
the Democratic Nom
inee.
MET BY MOUNTED MEN
Escorted to Luncheon by a
Cavalcade Numbering a
Thousand.
ON HIS WAY TO CHABLOTTE
A Few Silver Utterances Dropped by
the Wayside by the Great
Boy Orator.
ASHEVILLE, N. C, Sept. 16.— William
J. Bryan has been "talking for Bun
combe." For weeks he has poured into
the ears of the people of the country, from
Nebraska to the sounding sea, a torrent of
talk that his political opponents have
often designated as "buncombe," and at
last he is convicted — caught in the act.
To-dr.y be imitated the Congressman of
long ago, who, rising to address the
House, and having no extraordinary
powers of manner or matter, drove most
of his audience from the building, then
naively told those remaining that they
might go, too, as ha was only "talking for
Buncombe." Asheville is the capital of
Buncombe County and for it Mr. Bryan
talked to-day.
Mr. Bryan was never received more
uniquely than in this famous mountain
resort. Arriving at 3 o'clock, accompanied
by a delegation from Knoxville, a recep
tion committee from Asheville and by a
number of prominent North Carolinians,
he was met oy a great cavalcade of men
and women mounted on all kinds of horse
flesh, from spiriied thoroughbreds to hard
worked mules. He was conveyed to the
Battery Park Hotel in a gayly decorated
carriage drawn by four horses, and with
him and tbe members of his party galloped
the mounted escort. The ladies who
formed part of it were attired in well
litting riding-habits and formed an agree
able feature of the procession.
Mr. Bryan's carriage was driven rapidly,
and the horsemen rode furiously along the
dusty streets, many of them shouting as
tney went and waving their hats in excess
of enthusiasm. It was a wildly hilarious
siirht, exceedingly picturesque, and the
tired candidate enjoyed it hirhly.
Luncheon was served at the Battery Park
Hotel to Mr. Bryan and the 'more promi
nent members of the Tennessee and North
Carolina^.ontiugents. E. P. McKissick,
the manager of the noted hostelry, was the
host and sat at the head of the table, with
Mr. Bryan at his right.
Cutting short the luncheon the party
proceeded, again under escort of the horse
men and horsewomen, estimated to num
ber more than 1000, to a natural amphi
theater near the Southern Railway depot,
where the candidate addressed an immense
audience. People from Buncombe County
and irom many other points in the State
largely swelled tbe Asheville contingent.
The bffies ol the hill on which the con
course was gathered were a solid mass of
humanity, numbering perhaps 30,000. Mr.
Bryan was introduced by Hon. Locke E.
Craig. The enthusiasm shown was of the
heartiest kind.
Mr. Bryan said :
1 hare a reason for coining to North Caro
lina which is personal, aside from my interest
in the electoral vote of this State. It was the
State Of Norm Carolina which at Chicago, be
fore I became a candidate, by resolution de
cided to give me the unanimous vote of its
delegaUou in that National convention. I
appreciate the honor which it was willing to
do me, and therefore It gives' me great pleas
ure to come among these people and give
what assistance I can, if any assistance bo
needed, to secure the electoral vote of this
State for the free coinage of silver at .16 to 1.
[Cheers:] ' :. . ; '1 "
1 am giad the canvass of this State opens in
tnis county, which was the home of one of the
grandest public men given to this Nation, not
alone by North Carolina, but the entire coun
try—Senator Vance. [Great applause.] He was
a man whom I delighted to honor, and I am
glad to stand among his neighbors and friends
advocating the same cause he so eloquently
advocated.. - .
The Democratic Idea has been that a party it
but the instrument of those who compose it
and derives its power from the will of tne
voters who number themselves as members of
mat party. Yet it is often the case that the
party machinery or bosses have more to do
with shaping tbe policy and making the nomi
nations than tne voters themselves. I am
proud to be the nominee of a convention
which represented no machine, no bosses, but
the unpurchased suffrage of the voters of this
country. [Great applause.] In trying to do
rignt the Democratic party won a possibility of
success which it never could have hoped for if
It had consulted expediency. i Cheers.] I They
told us we must not disturb me harmony of
the party. They called us everything and
tried to make us pledge ourselves to abide the
decision at Chicago before we could go into
convention. I fur one told them whenever
they would bring a pledge that gold-stand
ard Democrats would take it would be time
enough to ask free-silver Democrats to make
pledges. [CheersJ
Now, when the Secretary of the Treasury de
nounced me as a Populist and said I had "said
I would not support tbe nominee I replied
that I. did not expect him to support the
nominee- if he were a free silver man. The
time came when he was put to the test, and
the only difference between him and me was
that I was candid enough to tell the people
that I would - follow my conscience, and be
tried to control a convention and then bolted
when be failed to do it. [Applause.] I have
sont nim no letter begging his support.
[Laughter.] Tbe highest compliment he can
pay me is to oppose me, because then- the
world will know the Secretary, of the Treas
ury whom I will appoint if elected will be as
different from bim as I can find. [Great ap
plause.] . . . •
When he had finished speaking- Mr.
Bryan was takeu to tbe Southern Railway
depot and left at 5 o'clock for Charlotte
on a special train furnished by the North
Carolina State Democratic Committee.
Knoxville, the seat of Republicanism in
Eastern Tennessee, was crowded with
people this morning to see and hear the
Democratic nominee. The train on which
i Mr. Bryan made the journey from Lex
ington, Ky., reached the Southern Railway
station at 8:30 a. m. Excursion trains
from all surrounding districts had brought
in carloads of farmers. Escorted by the
reception committee, Mr. Bryan wa^ con
veyed to a stand erected in front of the
courthouse. He was introduced by ex-
Governor Robert L. Taylor, who is a can
didate for the Gubernatorial office this
year. On the stand were Chief Justice
Snodgrass and Judges Beard, Caidwell,
McAllister . and Wiikes of the Supreme
Court of Tennessee and Judge Clark of the
United States District Court. Estimates
of the size of the concourse ran as high as
20,000. Mr. Bryan was loudly cheered
and his speech was frequently applauded.
Mr. Bryan said: ,
I come to you as a representative of a prin
ciple paramount in tnis campaign. It is th«j
right of 70.000.000 of people to have just the
kind of .financial system that they want
whether any other foreign nations help to
have it or are willing Tor us to have it.
Against the maintenance of a gold standard
for one year or forever the Democratic t>artv
has arrayed Itself. : - ••-•■ f7* ;.
My friends, when you find a party which
tells you what it wants, and tells you how it
Is going to get it, and what in the judgment of
those who advocate it the effect of that policy i
will bo, you have the right to conclude that
they are honestly believing in the justice
oi the causa which they reprwout. When
you flnd people talking of an honest dollar
and then deal dishonestly with the people
with whom they come in contact, you have a
right to believe that they are not entirely de
voted to the canse of the people whom they
are not willing to take into their confidence.
Weasßert that when they attempt to build a
financial system upon a money which they
cannot produce, they are building up an insa
cure structure upon an invisible foundation,
and are Insulting the iuielligence of those
who mean what they say and say what they
mean.
The train en which Mr. Bryan left
Knoxville for Asheville was a special en
paged by the Knoxville committee, and
the candidate was provided with every
comfort en route. ' The first stop was at
Mossy Creek, where several hundred peo
ple cheered Mr. Bryan.
At Morristown, Ter.n., Mr. Bryan
mounted tbe platform erected beside the
track and was introduced to an audience
of 2000 people by Hon. John T. Shields of
that place. Mr. Bryan spoke very briefly,
urging all to make a silver speech on elec
tion day by putting a cross in the right
place on the ballot. On tbe platform wad
a large lithograph of Mr. Bryan frozen into
a cake of ice. Mr, Bryan said he hoped it
uid not indicate he woulj receive a chilly
reception in Tennessee. Mr. Bhields re
plied tnat it only signified that the Demo
cratic candidate this year wascool-headed.
The train stopped at Alomstown live min
utes.
Hot Springs, N. C, was reached at 1:20
p. m. It was the first stop in North Caro
lina, and here Mr. Bryan was met by the
AshWille reception committee, headed by
John Y. Jordon, who bad come down on
a special car. Mr. Bryan made a speech
to a big crowd at Newport, the last place
tbat the train stopped in Tennessee.
HICKORY, N. C, Sept. 16.— After leav
ing Asheville tbe Bryan special was
stopped at Black Mountain in order tbat
tbe nominee might see the home uf tho
late Senator Vance. A couple of hundred
people cheered them there.
Tar barrels burned brightly at Marion
when tbe train reached that mountain
town at 8:45 o'clock and lighted up tbe
figures of several hundred people, who
hurrahed for tbe candidate. Mr. Bryan
told them something about the silver
question in a very husky voice.
There were more burning tar barrels at
Morganton, the seat of all the State asy
lums. People were packed soliJly on
both sides of the track for 100 feet or more.
They shouted as Mr. Bryan appeared on
the rear platform of his car.
Hickory gave Mr. Bryan a rousing re
ception when he arrived at 9 o'clock to
night. Fully 5000 people, many from
near-by places, received the nominee with
loud shouts when he appeared on tbe
temporary platform erected near, the
Southern. Railway tracits. He maae a
fairly long talk, discussing the money
question in the same general lines that he
has pursued in his previous speeches. He
was frequently interrupted by aDplause.
He left Charlotte at 9:45.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Sept. 16.— Mr.
Bryan reached Charlotte at 11:45 to-night.
He bad retired to his berth in the sleeper
attached to his special train between
Statesville and this city, feeling somewhat
fatigued. He has decided to spend Sun
day in Washington, returning there from
Baltimore Saturday night.
NABRASKA FOR McKINLEY.
Congressman Strode Predicts a Majority
of 10,000.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 16.—Con
gressman Jesse B. Strode represents the
First Congressional District of Nebraska
in the present Congress. This is the dis
trict formerly represented by William J.
Bryan. Mr. Strode is a Republican, and
was elected over Democrat- Populist and
Prohibitionist nominees. He lives in
Lincoln, and is a neighbor of Mr. Bryan's.
Speaking of political conditions in Ne
braska, he said to a Call correspondent:
"The electoral Tote of Nebraska will
surely be cast for McKinley and Hobart,
sound money and protectlou. The Re
pubiiean ticket will be successful by a ma
'j<»Tity ranging from 5000 to 15,000. Tbe
majority depends much on what takes
place as regards the tail end of the Popo
cratic ticket. If Sewall is withdrawn,
Bryan's chances will be weakened, be
cause there are many Democrats who do
not favor making it possible for a thor
oughbred Populist like Watson to become
Vice- President.
"Mr. Bryan will not carry his own voting
precinct. A recent poll showed that Mc-
Kinley and Hobart would poll 201 votes as
against 71 for Bryan. The Republicans
will carry the districtfby at least 2500 ma
jority, if tbe election bad been held one
month ago the Democrats would have
carried the State by from 10,000 to 15,000
majority. Now it is irredeemably lost to
Bryan. The canse of this great change is
because the great number of voters of Ne
braska have been carefully studying the
financial question, something they have
never done before. They have come to
the conclusion that they want no 53-cent
dollars in tueirs."
CONNECTIUT CONVENTION.
.Democrat* Half - 'Heartedly Indorse
■ - jftyttt and $*walt.
NEW HAVEN, Coxn., Sept. 16.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day nom
inated Joseph B. Sargent of New Haven
for Governor by acclamation. C. A. Cran
dall of Norwich was nominated for Lieu
tenant-Governor. The ticket was com
pleted as follows: Treasurer, A. S. Ross of ,
Thompson;- Comptroller, Edwin M. Rip
ley, of Unionville.
A committee was appointed to confer
with a committee of the People's party,
the object being that the latter party se
cure representation on the electoral ticker.
The platform, which was an unreserved
indorsement of the Chicago platform, was
adopted with cheers, .and an electoral
ticket was chosen as follows: Electors at
large — philo S. Bennett of New Haven
and 8. A. Granger of Winstea; districts —
First, C. W. Cowles of Manchester; Sec
ond, John Bransfield, Portland ; Third,
A. P. Tanner, New London; Fourth, D.
J. Walsh, Danbury.
CR OWS NAMED FOR CONGRESS.
Alabama JPopnlista < ' hoose a Fire- Eater
to Represent Them.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. 16.— A Sun
special from Birmingham, Ala., says:
G. B. Crowe, Stato president of the
American Protective Association, was
yesterday nominated for Congress at the
convention of the Populists of the Ninth
Alabama Congressional District. No other
candidate for the nomination was named
and Dr. Crowe rec ived it by acclamation.
He made a speech of acceptance, in which
he said the Democratic party couid not
find a man in their ranks to put, at the
head of their ticket. He said Bryan wrote
tbe Democratic platform.
Crowe scored Sewall, saying be rep
resented everything the Populists were
against. Crowe ia a fiery politician. Ha
was Kolb's liputenaut a couple or years
ago, and was the one to propose setting
up a dual State government with arms
He killed the father of the editor of the
Montgomery Advertiser three yean, ago
but was acquitted at the trial. '
SEW ALL NOT TO WITHDRAW.
CommUteeman Jones Says He Know*
Sothinfj of It. • '
MANSFIELD, Ohio, Sept. 16.-To-day
at noon a representative of the United
Press on the Baltimore and Ohio train
conveying Chairman Jones of the National
Democratic Committee to Chicago, asked
whether the dispatch in the morning
papers from Little Rock to the effect that
bewail was to be withdrawn in a week and
v 8v 8 B,KCC,£ed8 ,K CC ,£ ede { 1 by Chief Justice Clark of
North Carolina was correct. Jones said,
me siory ..as been printed before, and is
not correct so far as I know.
X o Fusion in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, Isv., Sept. 18.-Tbe
Democratic State executive convention is
in session here to-day, considering the
question of fusion with the Populists,
lhe Populists are making demands that
the Democrats will not grant. The sound
money leaders threaten to put a State
ticket in tha field. T;iere now seems little
prospect of fusion.
Deadly Cutton-Gm Hxvlonion
DENISON, Tex., Sept. 16.— Noble's cot
ton gin, fourteen miles west of here, blew
up last Digbt. Dan MoSwain, the proprie
tor, and a boy named Peter Juggett were
instantly killed. About twenty people
were more or less hurt.
An Ontnhn Jiank Huhh Short.
OMAHA, Nebr. Sept. 16.— The Midland
and State bank, a North Side institution of
this city, is in the bands of the banking
board as a result of long and steady with
drawals. Its deposits were about $65,000.
'f-.f- 1 VER AND OVER
Ly^S v> people have tried a
S people have tried a
sarsaparilla contain-
\ f***iik»^ / ing iodide of potassi-
\ I B^/ urn and always the
, same result-bad boils,
pimples and facial
blemishes. "When you take Joy's Vegeta-
ble Sarsaparilla you are sure to have a
clean stomach, bowel and a good liver.
Try .
Do
You
Sleep
Sound?
Is your sleep refreshing, or do you roll
and toss and fret and - worry about your
trouble? If your nerves are healthy and
full of vitality your sleep will be sound
and you will wake up feeling vigorous
and refreshed. If your nerves are weak-
ened from excesses,, dissipation, overwork
or brain weariness you will have noticed
that your sleep is disturbed, you roll and
toss, you dream or have night sweats.
Then you get up in the morning feeling
about as bad, or worse, than when you
went to bed. Your nerves lack. tone and
vigor. Your system needs bracing up.
Your vital functions are sluggish. You
may have been using a medicine to induce
sleep. So much the worse for you in the
long run. J3y its use you simply deaden
the nerves. Of course it induces sleep,
but how do you feel in the morning?
How is your appetite for breakfast and
your ambition for work? Don't you see
the mistake of it all? You do not need
medicine. You need the toning and
soothing effects of a mild current of elec-
tricity, such as you can get by applying
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
It is life and vitality to the tired nerves
and induces a calm, refreshing, invigor-
ating sleep, from which you wake with all
your faculties alert and active, feeling like
breakfast and work. " As good for women as
for men. ____ .
Vj; A Late Cure.
M A RYSVILLE. Cal.. Sept. 14. 1 896.
DR. A. T. SAN DEN— Dear Sir: I wish to say
that the belt I got from you two months ago.
when I was suffering with' nervousness and
loss of sleep, has done a wonderful amount of
good and 1 most cheerfully testify to it-» cura-
tive properties. I was so nervous that I could
not sleep at night and bad no appetite. Now
I can sleep sound all night and eat three stood
meals » day. I have gained six pounds since
commencing to wear the belt, although I did
not give it a fair trial on account of the intense
heat that we are subjected to up here. I cheer-
rally Rive my experience for the benefit of oth-
ers who suffer. . Respectfully yours, .. -
M. J. GOBMAK.
A Grateful Lady. 
BOURNE. Baker Co., Or., July 5. 1886.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: As it Is now
a month since I commenced to wear your belt
I wilt write you and tell you how I am getting
along. I nave been putting the belt on in the
evening and wearing it all night. My bowels
move regular every day now and the dull, tired
feeling has disappeared to a great extent. My
general health has improved. I have followed
your advice as nearly as possible. My rack haj
not troubled me any sine* wearing the belt
and my kidneys are a great deal better. My
nerves are also very much better. I cannot
say enough in praise of my belt.
I am, your friend,
MRS. J. M. GRIFFIN.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
"With rts "patent regulator, giving you
power to make the current strong or mild
at will, is a boon to weak men and women.
Its wonderful virtues cannot be appreci-
ated till you try it or talk to those who
have been cured. It has reached as near
perfection in the 'science of electric treat-
ment as the knowledge of man at this day
permits. " ./ .
The little book "Three Classes of Men,'*
gives furth« information and prices, free,
sealed, by mail.
. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
BSO Market Street. Sao Franci«oo,
Opposite Palace Hotel Office boon; 4 *. «. S«
it M c. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1. .
■-■ ■ Consultation Free and invited.
TICKS AT:
lOS ANGEUC3» CAI*. I PORTiajrn, OX
204 soain Broadway. I 233 Waa&tngtoa acresc
Ely's Cream Balfflßpp3ji
Cleanses the Nasal f&^^ro^fe!*!
Passages. Allays Pain iFlumvSf t\&^*& m
and Inflammation, lfes* Hn '*ft s« *
Restores the Senses of §39% <s£fA^M
Taste and Smell. }- i > '^V , £91
Heals the Sores. :. Bfljft' \.^HjSk \
Apply Balm each nostril I HtS^l^!
SLTBROB,S6Wacr«Q it-N.Y msW^S^*^MPOLITICS ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
Paper Money the Object of
the Populist Leaders'
Ambition.
NO GOLD; NO SILVER.
Chairman Hutchison Enlightens
the Los Ang" es County
Convention.
EALLY AT SANTA BARBARA.
Ex-Governor Pach co Speaks to Span
ish-Americans—McKialey Clubs
Organ. Z:a.
Lob Aroelks Offici of Thk Call,)
328 bouth Broadway. >
Los Angklks, Cal., Sept." 16.)
During a lull in the proceedings of the
Populist County Convention in this
city yesterday, Edward L. Hutchi
son, chairman of the convention,
on his own motion offered to en
lighten bis party by relating what he
termed "inside history" at Chicago. Be
ing accorded the tioor be told how he bad
met Senator Stewart of Nevada, on his
way East at tne time of the Chicago con
vention and was surprised to learn how
strong an advocate for tbe referendum
Stewart was, and that the silver Senator
had recounted the converts wmch he had
won to that cause, among them being
Senator Tillman of South Carolina, and
W. J. Bryan ol Nebraska.
Hutchison said that the proposition to
include tbe referendum in the Chicago
platform of tbe Democrats bad been won
by the herculean efforts of Mr. Bryan in
tbe committee, and then other members
had entered the room and, 1 arning what
had been done, asked for n reconsidera
tion of that plank and succeeded in de
feating it by one vote only.
Hutchison taid tbat he agreed with Sen
ator Allen of Nebraska wno, in the late
National convention, had declared tbat
the gold and silver money of the country
represented only a record of so much
wasted labor in their production,
and that the money of tbe future
should all be of paper, irredeemable and
a full legal tender for debts, public and
private, to be issued direct by tue Govern
ment and in sufficient quantities for tbe
business of tbe country and to bear no
interest. This, the sptaker declared, was
the real monetary reform toward which
his party was rapidly hastening, and that
nothing short of this would ever give per
fect and complete freedom from financial
slavery. The rehabilitation of silver and
other monetary reforms were but straws in
th» direction of such a boon.
These sentiments were cheered to the
echo by the assembled delegates.
SANTA BARBARA RALLI.
, Spanish' American Citizen* Addresied by
y_ ..,-. . - H»-Oot»nior I'nehreo. . . . -~ :
. SANTA . BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 16.—
The Republican rally at the opera-house,
under the auspices of the McKinley Club, '■
was a grand success both as to numbers
and enthusiasm. The fact that the even
ing was to be especially Spanish in char
acter caused the attendance of the greater
part of the Spanish-American population
of this city. Many of those present came
to honor their fellow-townsman, Governor
Pacheco, who was tbe speaker of tbe even
ing. Twenty-five gentlemen, representing
the leading Spanish families of Santa Bar
bara, occupied chairs on the stage as vice
presidents of the meeting.
F. Gutierrez was introduced as the
chairman of the meeting. He addressed
the audience in Spanish, frequent ap
plause punctuating his . discourse. After
. instrumental music by the Spanish string
band of this city Hon. Romualdo Pacheco
was presented to the audience. He was
enthusiastically received, and his digni
fied bearing and line presence gained at
once the strict attention of ail.
Mr. Pacheco, though announced to
speak in Spanish, spoke for nearly an
hour in English. He addressed himself
to his old friends, spoke of the delight he
felt in visiting his native place, the pleas
ure it gave him to once more greet old ac
quaintances and of some of the earlier in
cidents of his life, especially of the time
when South California was about to pass
from the dominion of Mexico to that of
the United States.
At the conclusion of the reminiscent
part of his address, Mr. Pacheco took up
the political situation, and in & lorsible
and convincing rranner presented the
issues of the d ly. He held his audience
well in hand, and was interrupted t>y ire
quent applause. Af er hs En.-l s>i ad
dress, Mr. Pacheco spoke in Spanish for
half an hour. His paisanos listened as
one man, and beyond a doubt bis address
has caused many a wavering Spanish-
American to cast his vote on November 3
for McKinley.
SONOMA FOUNTE POLITICS.
J'npulistt and Democrat* Strive for the
hwxion -A onii nntions.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
Populists o Sonoma County are again in
troub.'e. G. W. HoyJe, their favorite
DELVING FOR BODIES IN THE WRECKAGE.
After the Injured and the Bodies of the Dead Had Been Extricated From the Debris Under the Collapsed
Bridge Near Arcata, the Mass of Twisted Iron and Splintered "Wood Was Thoroughly
Overhauled to Make Certain That All Had Been Recovered.
candidate for the Legislature, has nut re-
Bided in tue State three yean* and is
therefore ineligible to a * sea; in the
Assembly. Hoyle is a young attorney
from Cloverdalc. where he has resided for
over two years, and he has been in the
btnte just two years and eleven months.
W hen the news reached Santa Kosa to
day there was a grand pow-wow among
tne Popuiist- and Democratic-Populists,
the latter hoping by some turn ol f:ite to
secure tne plum." At the Heaidsburg
convention on Monday Ihe Poi>ulists d'
mandfd the two Assemblymen, giving
the Democrats the other live of
fices. Alter h wrangle of three hours'
duration the Democrat* w re compelled to
accede to the ultimatum of ihe middle-of
the-road fopulists un>i G<* i rpe B. Duncan
and W. F. Cowen were accordingly turned
down. They will have another show on
Saiurdiiy, when the central committees
of the two parlies fill the vacancies, but it
is beleved ihat the friends of Thomas V.
Cator will name the man.
ASTORIA'S DEMONSTRATION.
Housing Rallu of Republicnnt in the
On aon Tairn.
APTORIA, Or., Sept. 16.— Tha most en
thusiastic ana best attended meeting of
Rt I>j 'licans tbat has been ■ eld in this
couoiy for years was that which opened
the campaign here last nigbt. Rousing
speeches were made by C. W. Fulton, F.
J. Taylor, Julge Gray and others, an i the
temper of those preseut augured well for
the success of the party in Clatsop County.
Although the call fort c meeting was
issued only this morning, the hall was
fi>led to overflowing. Forty new members,
among whom were a number of Demo
crats, signed the roll.
PORSAKES THE DEMOCRACY.
George W. Mariton of San Diego Con
vert* d to Republicanitm.
BAN DIEGO. Cal , Sept. 16.— George W.
Mars-ton, a leading merchant of San Diego
and one of the moat prominent business
men in the southwest, who for years has
b^en a Democrat, has declared for Mc
j Kinley and 'he Republican platform. His
conversion caused great enthusiasm
among the Republicans, and offsets the
action of Jesse Grant in leaving ihe party
for tbe Populist ranks.
"Sound money is the only issue in this
campaign," says Mars ton.
•
Shasta County Democrats.
ANDERSON, Cal., Sept lft— The Dem
ocrat.c party of Shasta County, amid tbe
roar of guns and blazing bonfires, opened
its campaign at this place last nigbt
under the auspices of Bryan and Bewail
Club of Anderson. The meeting was pre
i sided over by Hon. L. W. H. S anahan,
Populist nominee for tbe Assembly.
Fletcher A. Cutler, Democratic nominee
for Congress in the First District, and
Hon. E. P. Thompson, a Populist orator,
addressed the meeting. Both speakers
confined their argument to the silver
question, except that Cutler attacked the
lunding bill and said he would stand by
bis pledges if elected.
Fusion Effected at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 16. -A coalition
of free-silver forces of this county was
effected to-day when three parties — Demo
crats, free-silver Republicans and Popu
lists — agreed upon an amicable fusion,
placing a complete ticket in tbe field.
By the terms of the agreement the Popu
lists get more than half of the Legislative
ticket, being awarded eight of fifteen
legislators. The other offices were about
evenly divided.
Petaluma l'ritnarimt.
PETALUMA, Cal., Bept. 16.— The Re
publican primaries were held here yester
day. The caucus nominations were
elected in all of the seven precincts. In
the second tuere was slight opposition, the
voteb>-ingas fallows: N. King 20, Sam
Lewis 32. "George Hurd 33, Lyman Green
33, W. J. Cbesney 32, J. Canepa 10, P.
Sweed 10. The first five were caucus nom
inees, and the others independent can
didates.
MaryvWe'a Campaign Club.
MAKYBVILLE, Cal.. Sept. 16.-A Mc-
Kinley aud Hobart club was formed here
to-night, with a membership of seventy.
A majority of the signers are young men,
many of whom will cast their first vote
this fall. William H. Parks was chosen
president; G. W. Hall, vice-president; W.
B. Swain, secretary; H. H. P. Garden
treasurer.
Ao««fo Republicans Organize.
NOVATO, Cal.. Sept. 16.— A McKinley
Republican Club was organized here last
night, with fifty members and the follow
ing officers: R. D. Hatch, president; J. R
Sweetser, vice-president: A. V. de Borba
second vice-president; J. W. Atherton'
treasurer; 8. D. Alexander, secretary; j'
B. Burdell, H. G. Stillwell, H. E. Ring
J. Q. A. Haven, A. D. Scott, executive
committee.
Moraan HW'm Republican Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 16.— The Repub
licans of Morgan Hill have organized a
McKinley Club, witn a membership of
over fifty. The officers are: President,
Dr. J. T. Higgins; vice-president, A. C.
Sterrett; secretary, W. E. Moore; trea
surer. J. W. Jacobs; serjeant-at-arms G
W. McMullen.
-• banfion* the. Democracy.
SAN JOBE, Cal., Sept. 16.— The Weekly
Democrat, of wbich Major P. R. Barring
ton is editor, has abandone 1 the Demo
cratic party. It will advocate the election
of McKinley and sound money and pro
tection. The cause of the change is a dis
satisfaction with the free silver plank ol
the Chicago platform.
Cutler tndoraed ot Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal.. Sept. 16.— F. A. Cutler,
Democratic nominee for Congress from
the Fir-a District, was indorsed to-day by
the Populist county central committee,
and the joint fusion committee, 'composed
of Democrats, Populists and silver Repub
licans.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
WRECKAGE UNDER THE COLLAPSED MAD - RIVER BRIDGE.
The Engine and Cars Fell From a Height of Forty Feet When the Timbers Gave "Way on Sunday,
and Were Reduced to Debris. Seven of the Passengers "Who Went Down With the Train
are Dead, and of the Score of Injured Many Will Be Crippled or Disfigured for Life.
ARCATA'S SEVENTH DEATH
Another Added to the List oi
Victims of the Bridge
Disaster.
Mrs. Gregorio Passes to tbe Beyond
Without Haying Regained Con
sciousness.
ARCATA. Cal., Sept. 16.— The Mad
River bridge disaster of Sunday has
claimed another victim, making a total of
seven. Mrs. Gregorio died this morning
at 8 o'clock. She had not regained con
sciousness since the accident. Her baby
is still alive, but its chances for recovery
are slight.
The other victims of the catastrophe are
in no immediate danger, but tbe ultimate
outcome ot their injuries cannot be pre
dicted. The condition of Con uctor Har
vey Sammons is more precarious than that
of any ot tne ethers.
Tne town still wears its garb of mourn
ing. The funerals of the Wood babies and
the dead engineer, George Burke, were
held to-day. The stores and the schools
were all closed out of respect for the dead.
The bitter feeling against the company
has not abated. Pieces of the decayed
wood brought from the scene of the wreck
are exhibited. Th« feeling grows tbat a
pennrioun spirit was responsible for the
great destruction of life and the disable
ment of many. A strange feature con
nected with the accident is that of all the
men on board not one had a bone broken,
while hardly a woman escaped without a
fracture. The men were all injured about
the head or scalded by steam from the
burst boiler.
COTTONWOOD ROBBERY.
The Southern Pacific Station Car Looted
by an Outlaw.
ANDERSON, Cal., Sept 16. — The
Southern Pacific agent at Cottonwood,
who is occupying a car for a station,
stepped outside to fill a lamp about 11
o'clock last night. On returning, just as
he entered the door, he was struck a heavy
blow that knocked him from tbe car to
the ground. His assailant, a robber, se
cured the contents of the money drawer,
amounting to $30, and escaped. The
agent jumped into the car, caught up a
rifle and pursued his fleeing foe. firine
four shots at him. None proved effective.
Officers laid in wait at the station dur
ing tbe nigbt to capture any on* endeavor
ing to secretly escape on passing trains.
They succeeded in arresting a man, who
gave the name of James Roach, just as he
was ready to ? wing under a car oi a train
as it was pulling out for Red Bluff. He
was brought here and arraigned before
Justice Keeler and pleaded not guiity to
the charge. His trial is set for to-morrow.
Suiei I* at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 16.— W. F.
Bradford, son of S. S. Bradford, a donora
lumberman, committed suicide at the
Yosemile Hotel at noon by shooting him
self through the right temple. Bradford
was a member of a wealthy lumber firm.
The reason for bis suicide is net known.
The pi-tol was new, and had apparently
been purchased with the intention of eua
ing his life. He was r gmduate of the
University of California of the class of '84.
Santa B'irbnra Accident.
SANTA BARBBRA, Cal., Sept. 16.—
Joseph Levy, an old resident of Banta
Barbara, eneaned in the bay and feed
business, met with a serious accident to
day. While supervising the loading of
hay he fell from a hay wagon. A heavy
bale fell upon him, break. ng his hip and
dislocating hib right wrist. It is believed
he will recover.
REDWOOD'S FETE OF DAYS
Novel Entertainments Managed
by Congregational Church
Ladies.
Literary Programmes of Marked Ex
cellence Are Rendered Each
Ev ning.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept 16 —A
.novel entertainment is being managed by
the ladies of the Congregational church
at Germania Hall. It is called the "Festi
val of Days." Besides being a brilliant
social success, it is turning out in a finan
cial way greatly to the satisfaction of tbe
ladies in charge. It began yesterday, to
continue for three days, afternoon and
evening. Literary programmes of marked
excellence are given— a different one eacii
evening.
The charming operetta, "Grandma's
Birthday," was rendered to-night, Miss
Blanche Walker taking the part of Grand
ma. The feature was a chorus of thirty
well-trained little tou. The soloists were
Wnlter Nobs, Georgia Winter, Florence
Beer. May Du.-ham, Jennie Peterson,
Edith Kelley, Emit Kaleschky, Fidelia
Knights. Norica Jacobus, a little roiss of
three summers, "Drought down the bouse"
as a soloist. Ducts were sung by Miss
Ollie Christ and Bee Fox, Edith Keiley
and Jennie Winne, and a quartet by the
Mi-sess Ethel Dodge and Carrie Allen,
Messrs. Dodce and Bacon.
The festival has been planned and car
ried on under the direction of F. H. Marr,
pastor, and the ladies of the Congrega
tional church— Mrs. Mary Snow, presi
dent, and Mrs. W. H. Kinne, vice-presi
dent.
There is a novel idea in the arrangement
of booths, wbich take the names of days
of the week. The Monday booth repre
sents washday, with clothes on the line,
the washtub being in reality an enlarged
grab bag in charge of Mrs. J. W. Glennan,
insisted by Miss Florence Glennan. The
Tuesday booth, for ironing dnv, is man
aged by Mrs. L. Sampson, assisted by Miss
Lottie Christ and Miss Marie Hetner.
Wednesday's booth, mending day, shown
a neat collection of domestic and fancy
articles. The ladies in charge are: Mr-'.
C. Rice, Miss Mary St- wart, Miss Sally
Nelson and Miss Nellie Cloud. The
Thnrsday booth, reception day, the larg
est of all the booths, is hung with lace
curtains and fi.led with plants and
flowers. It is in charge of Mrs. A. J.
Thatcher and Miss Clara Shelly. The
Friday booth, sweeping- nay, is presided
over by Miss Lulu Winne and Miss Selma
Allen, and the Saturday booth, baking
day, is in charge of Mrs. Bettin, assisted
by Mrs. M. Taylor, Mrs. John Christ and
others. The ice-cream booth is presided
over by Mrs. George H. Rice, assisted by
Miss Kate Btewart and Mrs. Katie Wright,
and there is a printer's booth, in char -c of
F. fl. Marr and A. H. Glenan, where the
baawiar programme is printed daily. The
entertainment committee consists of Mrs.
Robett Brown and Miss Ethel Dodge.
CAUGHT NEAR MODENTO.
Six Toung Hen Arr-sted for Violating
: < ... . . the State H*lt Lite. /•■..'- ,v
, MODESTO, Cal., Sept. Deputy Pa
trolman A. W. Wilson of the State Fish
Commission and Constable J. C. Green of
Grayson arrested six young, men— Eu ene
McCabe, E. FarrelJ. Foster Stone, Charles
Hakes, Henry Garrison and Walter Garri
son—while they were violating the State
fish law, which says that rivers ana
streams shall not .be blocked by nettings
or fences, so as to keep fish , from 'ascend
ing the streams/and that it is illegal to
catch, salmon by any mans during the
month of September. The officers discov
ered the party about ten miles west of Mo
desto, with a fence across the Tuilumne
River, .^before. daylight, and lay in bid in
watching them spear fish until some time
laior,. wh.n. it became light enoueh to
identify the fishermen. They then crossed
the river and placed all under arrest and
confiscated eleven salmon lyin upon f.e
bank. . ' ■ , - . .'.- . ° . .
The young men were brought to Mo
d<*sto;and taken before Justice of the
Peace Townes, who allowed them to go
upon their own rt-co.'niza.ice. Their ex
amination was set for Monday next. ;
fterrieei -it Stui Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN. Cal.. Sept 16 —
Through the kindness of Warden H«le,
tbe Jewish prisoners, of whom there are
twelve, now confined here, have been
granted a holiday, that they may celebrate
the Day of Atonement. Lionel Matnews
representing the Pallors' A.d Society ar
rived here this evening an<! conduct, d'er
vices in the ciiap-1. He will also ho d ser
vice- a!l day to-morrow, and %\ the ci>'i
clusiou of the iwenty-lour hours' fast the
prisoners will enjoy a harty meal gener
ou«>lv provided by Rev. M. 8. Levy oi San
Francisco.
Wedded at .Suit i.nli' City.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, bept 16.-
Fraiik C. Weicn of 6ncrampnto was mar
ried to-night to Misa Mary Murphy
daughter of the late Ed H. Murphr. The
groom is a con of Ben Welch, the veteran
master mechanic of me Southern Pacific.
An e.egant reception ioliowed at the
bride's home, ihey leave for Sacramento
to-morrow.
7r*a*ury Gotd Itexrrve.-
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 16.-Th^
treasury gol.! r«-BPrvp at the close to-day
stood at $114. 13-".. 409. Tne day's with
drawals were $03,70Q at New York.
LOS ANGELES MYSTERY.
Missing Editor Hanchett Sad to
Have Been Seen in
New Y.rk.
Robert Farrell Tells of a Recent
Meeting With the Long*
Scnght Man.
Los Angeles Ofhck of Thk Call, )
837 bEOADWAT, V
Los Augeles, Cat, Sept. 15.)
The question oi the exis>encs and where
abouts of H. J. Hanchett, formerly city
eiitor of the Herald of this city, is about
to be revived once more after a sleep of
three years. Hanchelt disappeared in
Chicago at the close of the World's Fair,
leaving a wife and two sons here and a
mother, Mrs. Griffiths, a schoolteacher of
many year- standing, in Sail Francisco.
The missing man was at the time secretary
of the Chamber of Commerce of this city
and had charge of the citrus exhibit at the
fair. He was well and widely known.
Hancbett had made his plans to return
to Los Angeles in company with several
acquaintances and baa invited a relative,
Dr. Smith of Chicago, to see him off. His
baggage was sent to the depot in time
for his train. Everything was in readi
ness for the trip, but Hanchett failed to
reach the station. T c train pulled ou
with his friends, except Dr. Smith, who
had left him a few minutes before and who
felt sure some accident had befallen him.
Atquaintances, relatives and friends
searched Chicago over and employed the
wires to the ends of civilization, but no
Hanchett could be found.
Occasionally since that day in Chicago
various rumors have been bruited about
as to Hancnett's i .entity and where
abouts. About three years ago Robert
Farrell of this city claims to have
met Hanchett at Sacramento and
been in bis company for two or
three days. Farrell's story was
then disputed. This gentleman has
just returned from an extended trip East,
and reiterates his former statement as to
Hnncheit's visit to Sacramento in 1893;
and he says further that while in New
Yorx City a few weeks ago be met Han
chett again and traveled with him to
several places, including Cleveland and
Chicago. Farrell says t!;»t he has been in
communication with Hanchett all the
time since his disappearance in Chicago.
Mrs. Hanchett and her friends discredit
Farrell's statements, ana persistently ex
press their belief that the absent editor is
not living, notwithstanding the fact that
they have no proof to submit in suDstan
tiation of tiie death theory.
♦
SURN THE DEFENCY SURCEHAN.
Nichols' Cat* gaintt the hand, and
Hater Company Called.
LOS ANGELES. ' Ca&., ' Sept. 16.— The
originators and late managers of the col
lapsed Suburban Land and Water Com
pany have been. 'dra,wn: into court. The
long-delayed' suit ot | one T. 'J. Nichols
against Spilltuan, Warren and Dr. Green
of the defunct corporation for obtaining
money under false pretenses was begun
in • the ■ Superior Court to-day. Green is
out of the State, so it is said.' W. T.
Spillman and J. K. Warren were in court.
The coniDiaining witness testified that
on September 24 of last year he had a con
versation wall W. T.VSpillman' and J. K.
Warren about the purouase of an interest
in i the Spill roan tSubur ban Water Com
pany. Eariy in September he met Warren
in the . Chamber of Commerce and they
talked together. ;, . .. : ;■ •  '
'I he next morning Warren met him and
went, wi h him to Dr. : Green's office,
where the doctor examined him, and he
placed himself unuer.the doctor's medical
care. Warren. learnta that he had money
in the Sank and asked him. to investigate
some, nroperiy he had for sale. He asked
Dr. advice and Green told him it
wits tool prqpercy — property in
the junga. *.<,:,",:»... ,: i
.Later i)r. Green-wanted a loan of $500
and the witness loaned him . the money.
Dr. Green .gave . him a note for three
months with i Warren as security and also
Spillman Suburban- -Water., Company
stock. Oa theimorinng of the 24th Spili
'man, met .him '"n Dr. Green's office and
hud a lot of, printed .matter,', portions of
which he rend. ! . P.-. Green told Spillman
what I.c had told the witness— that he was
putting in $500 a month, that work was
goingun and enough stock had been sold
to com. the 'tunnel', • and both Green
andSfillman said that when witness be
came strong enough .there would be a
place lor him in the company. /.
ACTS AN HIS OWN HANGHAN.
h'tnfl'r Ve.'ich Attein/ttM to Commit Sui-
eide in Hi* Cell.
LOS ANGELAS, Cal., Sept. 16.— J. R.
Veach is bound it seems to keep the pub
lic reminded : of. his exigence if ■_ it costs
him his life. Veach was a former citizen
of Pasadena end d.d a very thriving busi
ness a few months ago by 'the indiscrimi
nate use of ' other people's names to vari
ous /'commercial papers. ; The forger is
now confined in the' County J*ii awaiting
trial. He made an attempt to hang hini
he.; this forenoon and -it; came very near
proving successful;,* '. ' .:'-% > ■'-
.Vejich bad-proviaedibimself with a rope
made of strings and pieces of raeand.se
oreiea it iin his clothine. When the
breakfast hour arrived he munugeil to slip
around behind^the!., cells. vA, box was
standing there, and 'mounting it he threw
the end : of -the. rope over a projecting
water-pipe, ia*ten Qfcjße other' end about
his neck iv good liaugumu style. It had
.•'•■■..■.. . •
boon biß purpose to kick the box irom
umier him, but he had not counted on the
heavy contents and was obliged to simply
s ide down and endeavor to choke to
death. Hp was found by Deputy Jailer
Kellogp and released.
When he recovered Veach professed
profound ignorance of his euicidal iit
tempt, and acted so qreerly that the jail
er> are of the opinion that he is mentally
unbalanced.
MEXICAN'S BE MERRE.
Second Day of th- Celebration at I<>s1 <>s
.■*ui/ rlen.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Sept. 16.— This
was ttu second day of the Mexican pop
ulation's celebration of their mother
country's independence. There was a large
crowd in Mu«ic hall this afternoon when
R. J. Donitnguez called the meeting to
Oixler and the exercises were begun.
After a few introductory remarks in
Spanish by Mr. Doiuinguez, he in
troduced Rev. J. Adam, vicar general
of the Cathedral, who addressed
the audience. Alexander B. Zecken
dorff was next introduced and read
tno Mexican act of independence in the
Spanish ian^uaere, and following this the
band played the National hymn. J.
Marion Brooks. Generai iohnstone Jones
and Franci3co Dominguez spoke in Eng
lish. The speakers in Spanish were Au
t'U-ta A. Montana, Icnacio Perez and
Rafael F. Sepulveda. The national hymns
were sung by Senoritas Ete.rini a Mar
tinez, Muuneliia Gonzales and Joaehla
Gallarado. In the evening a ball was
held.
Mountain fnreat* Ablate.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 16— A
mountain fi-e which has been raging west
of Pasadena for the past two weeks
reached the summit and started down the
south side yesterday toward this city.
S^ve/al thousand acres have been burned
over, and a force of men is at work trying
to check the tire's progress. Persons wh»
were near it «.ay the heat is so intense that
it can be plainly felt at a distance of a
miie. The temperature in this city has
been greatly heightened to-day as a result
of this fire.
CONSULATE FOR VICTORIA.
Li Hung Chang's Plans as Described to
Seattle Chinese— New M.nister
to Washington.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 16.— Mark Ten
Suie, Chin Gee Hee and Lee Yew Chue.
constituting the committee selected by
Chinese residents of Seattle to wait upon
Li Hung Chi n^ at Vancouver, have re
turned. They were given a cordial wel
come by the Viceroy, who also told them
something of his plans and purposes
which have not been made public. At the
close of Cleveland s administration, Li
informed them, it was his purpose to make j
one of bis sons, Li Ging Fong, successor j
to the present Minister at Washington.
Li Ging Fong is about 45 years old, is <aid
to be something of a diplomat and speaKs i
the Eng isu language fluently, often act
ing as interpreter for his honored parent.
Just before his departure from American
shore 5 , Li told Mark Ten Suie and Chin
Gee Hee that of the many countries en
tertaining him on his around tbe world
tour. Russia bad extended to him more
i ourtesie-s than any other nation, the
United States treating him w th second
greatest consideration and England being
third in order.
Many efforts wppe made to obtain infor
mation from Earl Li relative to Chinese
consulates in the Northwest, but to Chin
Gee Hee, a civil engineer and American
railroad builuer, whom the Viceroy. stated
would be in a short time summoned to j
China to aid the Government in its great j
scheme of railroad building, he announced j
his purpose of est blishing a consulate at
Victoria and possibly, later on, one at
Seattle.
Before his departure from Vancouver Li
Hung Chang called about him several
leadin Chinese who bad journeyed there
to pay him homage and v aye them some
wholesome advice. They were admonished
to as far as possible prohibit opium-smok
ing and gambling among their country
men here; to lead honest lives, abide by
tbe United States laws and especially to
learn to speak the English language, on
the ground that it would not only be of
great service to them while residents of !
this country, but would materially benefit
them upon their return to China to live,
which should be tbe constant aim and
cueribbed hope of every good Chinese.
SOUGHT SHASTA'S GOLD.
Treasurer Jackson's Story of a
Midnight Raid by
Outlaws.
Claims They Led Him to the County
Vaults, Where He Engaged
Them in Combat
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 16.— Between the
hoursof 3 and 4 this morning, according
to County Treasurer Jackson, three masked
men entered his residence, which he is at
present occupying alone, and demanded
that he go with them down to the court
house, about three blocks distant, and
open the money vaults. Mr. Jackson says
tbat they kept such a close watch on him
while he was dressing that it was impos
sible for him to obtain his pistol, which
* was close at band, but if he had been al
lowed the chance there would probably
have been one or two villains less at lar^e.
Jackson declares that they marched him
down to the cotirtbouse. and t at all the
way down he was trying to convince them
that their work would result in nothing,
as the vaults have a time lock and it
would be impossible for him to open
them, but they would not listen to his
ar ument but forced him on. When it
came to unlocking the office door he *ays
he gave it a sudden push acid at the same
time reached for a larte piece of ore, which
was iying on a taole to tne left of th^« door,
and with a sort of backhanded blow struck
| the first "wou:d-be" burglar in the face
j with it, knocking him down. Thereupon
one of the others hit him on the f»ce with
his fist, knocking out a tooth, while an
other struck him ou the left temple with
the buit end of a pistol, rendering him un
conscious and cutting an ugly gash in his
head.
Jackson is not certain, but believes that
j he lay tnere for about twenty minntes be
fore returning to consciousness, and found
upon awakenine that his assailants had
departed without securing any booty. He
immediately came downtown to give the
alarm to thf officers, but as yet no arrests
have been made.
This was the story told by Jack«on
when he appeared before the watenman
of ihe depot note this morning, stagger
! ing like a drunken man and bleeding from
I his wounds. He is still very w<»afc and
I v g>ilv nervous, suffering from bruises on
head, leg and arm, and so badly dazed
I that he cannot tell a fully connected
.*tory. Good nursing to-nigbt and an ex
amination of the sat s to-morrow will
| cl ar a mystery now unfathomable.
Jackson has iong been tbe County
j Trebaurer and is ca led the watchdog of
the treasury. His wif^ and son are at
present in Oakland spending the summer.
Mi-xie-'n .I't-te at Porno.
BAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Sept. 16
The eighty-sixth anniversary of M ncan
independence was celebrated to-day at
Pozo, thirty m lee distant. There were a
biirbecue, band concert, speeches and a
bail, the laiter to continue two days. The
leading Spanish residents of the county
participated.
MURDOCH FILES
HIS RESIGNATION
The State Fish and Game
Commissioner Desires
to Withdraw.
BUDD DELAYS ACTION.
He Says the Move Is Voluntary
on the Part of the
OificiaL
HIS TEEM OF OFFICE ENDED.
Other Members of the Board Not
Affected— Simply a Business
Proposition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
written resignation of James B. Murdock,
Fish and Game Commissioner of tne Stata
of California, has been received by
Governor Budd. As yet no official action
has been taken in the matte-, and this
fact, becoming known to a limited num
ber of lovers of sport in this locality, who
are interested heart and foul in the
preservation and propagation of the fowls
of tbe air and tbe finny tribes of the
stream, has created much comment and
speculation.
It is known to local sportsmen that dur
ing the latter part of the session of the last
Legislature Governor Budd was the recipi
ent of letters from influential sportsmen
of the State, wliicl., if not directly de
manding the resignation now on file in the
Governor's office, at lean advanced, it is
claimed, strong reasons why such a re
signation would bo extremely welcome.
This has weighed in the balance against
Commissioners Morrison and Emeric. In
quiry at the Governor's office, however,
absolves all the threatened sensation into
smoke.
"It is true that I received the written
resignation of James B. Murdock," said
Governor Budd thi- morning, "but it is
handed in because his term ba/i expired
and bis business interests require his time
and attention. The gentleman has been
desirous of beins relieved of his duties for
some time, but as yet I havo not seen fit
to relieve him, nor have I made up ray
mind as to what action I will take. There
is certainly no story in this resignation, it
being simply a business proposition."
GILBOT'S BORNCE WEDDING.
The Mitae* XelUe ana Bertha Dexter Led
to the Attar.
GILROY, Cal., Sept. 16. — A double
wedding was solemnized to-day at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler Dexter,
near Gilroy. Their daughters, Misses
Nellie and Bertha Dexter, were the brides,
the former wedding Will Dowdy, son of
Judge Perry Dowdy, an old pioneer of this
valley, and the latter James Babb. All
are residents of Gilroy, and popular young
people. Rev. L. Green of the ii. E.
Church South, performed the ceremony
in the presence of th immediate relatives
of the contracting parties.
After the ceremonies a sumptuous wea
ding breakfast was partaken of and the
couples took their departure on the after
noon train for a honeymoon trip.
Ordered to 31 am It land.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 16.— The monitor
Monterey is expected in the navy-yard in
a few days for minor repairs. Lieutenant
Fecbteler, in charge of the branch Hydro
graphic Office at San Francisco, will re
port on the Monterey on her arrival as
executive officer. Captain C. E. Clark,
who bat just given up the command of
the receiving ship Independence, will take
command of the Monterey and vill be re
placed on the Independence by Captain
Louis Kempff, who formerly commanded
the Monterey.
> , HEW TO-DAY.
SPECIAL SALE
Armour's Paeon IP
nilTTrn Sqtiara Batter Is high—
Ml II I- M here's just as fine, but not
Dll I I LII in squares, fancy cream-
■*** ■ ■ "■•• cry, full weight, any quan-
tity, 20c per pound. , ■;
11l I I 1 I Hirsch's— un-
uinlot AmmnniQ excelled for
I X ft I fl Toilet and
I IUIU I nilllllUlllU Bath, 25c per
bottle, 2 for
• • • 45c; regularly
30c. •-y
A. QUADE £ CO,,
636 Market,
BELOW CHRONICLE.
it* HiDg of h jpiips!&
n2o^i6i6r2s ; '[ /A. -iff
and Ibe )\m% %spi|^ hf
*f ail 6bi rfo
m'i'if N-B-
Mvii'y a IMARKl MARK J
AiVi i|7 "mark 1 '
family tbtf&nte .for
1 1 V*^y a * rea borne,
34
SAN JOSE SLAYER
PLEADS INSANITY
Allender's Counsel Declares
He Was of a Moody
Disposition.
STATE RESTS ITS CASE.
Witnesses Tell of Threats Made
Against the Life of
Miss Feilner.
LAWYER MOREHGUSE'S TALK.
Asks the Jurors to Spare the
Life of the Prisoner at
the Ear.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 16.— The trial of
Harvey Allender fur lite murder of Miss
Walburga Feilner, is attracting a great
deai oi attention, and Judge Lorigan's
courtroom was jammed with spectators
to-day, v large numoer of ladies being
present. The case is progressing rapidly,
and wili probably be given to the jury
Friday night. Tie prosecution hniaued
its case at noon to-day.
The iirst witness this morning was Fred
Schiele. He was with Ailender a half-hour
before the double murder was committed.
He said that ALendt-r then told him that
be intended to "fix Miss Feilner and
Crosetti. Alldnderat that time" was ner
vuu« and excited.
Mies Maggie Lawler testified that she
had been a personal friend of Miss Feilner.
She said mat about a year ftgp, while she
and the deceased were walking along the
street Ailender came up and. caught Miss
Feilner by the aim, and told her that she
would htve 10 niMrry imu or he would kill
her. ihe younir ladies went into the
Auzerais House to net rid of me defendant.
Miss Helena Feilner, a sister oi the inur
derel jrirl, was the last witness for the
fatate. Bu? said that her sister always
trie! to avoid Ailctnier.
At the oneniiiß of court thin afternoon,
Attorney H. V. Morehouse of the dtfi.-n.se
made an opening statement to the jury.
He saici it would be si. own that the de
fendant had ail his life b.en of a moody
and melancholy disposition, and that he
was not in his right senses when the crime
wai committed- He asited the jury that,
should the defendant be found guilty, it
exercise the discretion granted hy law and
fix the penalty at life imprisonment.
O. M. Tapper was the first witness for
the defense. He said AWeiider had been
in his employ off and oil for the last four
year^. irom the first time he empjoyed
him he considered Aliender "nutty." The
witness said thut he and bis partner
noticed that his moody condition was
getting worse, and they bad thoueht oi
discharging him from tue position of
driver of an ice wagon. Several other
witnesses gave similar testimony.
SPENCER-RELLER SUPTILLS.
Pretty Ceremony in the Firtt M. £.
< hurch at Aoontide.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 16— Charles M.
Spencer and Lulu L. Heller, dau?hter of
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Branden berry, were
married in the First M. E. Church at noon
to-day. Miss Cjara Halladay was brides
maid and \V. T. Spencer was the groom's
best man. Georpie Bacon and Bessie Ba
con, two little girl-, acted as page*.
The wedding was a pretty affair and wa»
witnessed by niuuy friends. The church
was prettily decorated. A ter the cere
mony the immediate friends and rela
tives enjoyed a wedding breakfast at the
residence oi the t'r.de's parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Spencer left on an after
noon train for San Francisco, whence they
will make an extended tour through the
Suuthern part of the State. They will re
side in this city, where Mr. Bpencer is en
gaged in business.
Celebration of Mexican*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. ML— The Mexi
can residents of this city tv-day fittingly
celebrated the eighty-sixth anniversary of
the independence of Mexico. At sunrise
and Bunset national salutes of cannon
were tired and I he Mexican Hag was raised
and lowered during the playing of na
tional m usic. This evening patriotic lit
erary exeic:ses and a grand ball were
held in Turn Verein Hall by La Junta
Patrioiica Mexi< ana, wjiicu were largely
attended, Ti;e committee in charge of
the celebration was: Agaton Castro, An
tonio Aguilar, Vicente Gircia, Jose E.
Alontijo, Lorenzo A. Miranda, Jose
Gomez, Ma.simiano Mendoza and Virgilio
Pozzo.
Says Varlicr Warn Mentally Heak.
SAN JO!?E, Cal., Sept. 16.— The Parker
will contest is ora^ping slowly along and
is devoid of interest. A great deal of time
ib being taken up in argument. Mrs.
Catherine Greenman of San irancisco
was on the stand to-dsy. Sne testified in
the contestant's behaif, saying that Parker
was mentally weak.
Another Jhmham Suipect Jttleancd.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 16.— Sheriff Lyn
don, who went to San Angelo, Tex., about
a week ago to identify a man near there
who was suspected of being Murderer
Dunham, to-day telegraphed to Under
Sheriff Benson that the suspect was not
the man wanted.
STATE FAIR AWARDS.
Judges Announce the Names of Prize-
Winners in the Women* De
partment
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 16.—
State Fair is rapidly drawing to a close,
and the various committees appointed to
select the exhibits worthy of award are
ready to report. It has been considered
advisable to withhold most of the reports
until the termination of the fair in order
to escape the flood of protests which, are
sure to follow. Following are the awards
in the women's department, which were
announced to-day;
Miss Mary Crouch— Best embroidered table run
ner, f3; best embroidered napicius or doylies, $»;
best embroidered sofa pillow and cushions, $3:
best, largest and handsomest display o ar:icles
made wr.olly by a lady or miss exhibiting same,
«'<:0: best display of pyrograpby or burnt wood
etching, f5; best bookcase, burnt wood etchlnr.
9 3; best hall seat, burnt wo- d c chin*. *3- best
table, burnt wood etching, $3; btst panel, burnt
wood etching. $3: best music rack, burnt wood
••idling, 83; best taborat, burnt wood etculn" S3
beat display of etching on leather. $?>.
• Mrs. d.. D. Martlet— Best embroidered tea cloth.
«3: best embroidered tray cloth, 83; largest and
finest dlspl.-iy of embroidery on linen,' $10; best
embroidered board cover, $3; best embroid
ered toilet Bet on linen, 83; best toilet set em
broidered iii silk, 5. *
Mr*. W. K. J. Bautrbman— Hand-sewing, not
lest than tbrre pieces, f'J; , beat display of Spanish
dr«wn work, *3. . . •
"Mrs W. F. Bryant— Best embroidered table
cover, 93: best embroidered ottoman cover, S3
best embroidered pc|nt-lace handkesciilef, $$•
oest embroidery on flannel, 93; best rennalsance
embroidery in rope silk, f3s besf embroidered
centerpiece and doylies, $3: largest and finest
display of outline embroidery, *»'; beV. display of
Kensington embroidery ; with floss on satin, »a;
best r rtnea embroidery, $ 3 best embroidered
portieres, $3; b^st Honlton^lace work, fS; bestar
piique work, $2; best thud s Afghan, (3: best em
broiderrd handkerchief c ise.f 3; best embroidered
necktie case, S3; best Kensington embroidery, $3:
best emt'roldery on silk, $3: best Que<-n Anne em
broidery, $3; best combination of tinting and em
broidery.'a 3; best embroidered picture-frame, (3:
best embroidered infant's pillow, $3; best empire
style embroidery. $3.
Mrs. Henry Kubecstein— Best patchwork quilt,
«3.
Miss Bertie Stanton— Best display of lace made
by hand. $10; best embioidered round table
center-piece.
Mrs. Charles Bashford— Beet hearth rug, hand-
made, %'i.
Mrs. S. Hastings— Best lounge Afghan, $3; best
carriage Afghan, $3; best crocheted ■■ bed
spread, $ '•: best knit mittens. $2: best d lft blue
center embroidery. $3: best crocheted necktie, $1:
best crocheted purse, $2.
Miss Edna Fic^s- B. st display of ladles' under
wear, $10; best display of paver flowers, $1. ' /
Mrs. M. A. Howard— Brat Danish drawn
work, S3.
' Mrs- W. F. Bryant— Best pnno drape on India
silk, 93; best embroidery, «3; best piano scarf. $3.
Mrs. Wright— Beat crszy p.tchwork quilt, S3.
Mrs. F. bulllvan-Best hat, $5; best display of
feathers from California raised birds, $5.
Mrs. J. K. Mills— Best course service, $5: best
fruit piece, 82; best chocolate set, f5: best set of
cups and saucers, » 5; best tray on large plate, $2;
best vase, $2; best single piece in delft decoration,
¥3; best flower piece, ?2; best cracker-bowl, $.;;
best and largest display of decorative painting,
$10: best single piece. *3.
Mrs. J. P. Odbert— Best knitted bedspread, $3.
Mrs. F. F. Thompson— Best painted panel, $3.
Mr Knie C'oker— First premium on tapestry
painting, $10.
Mrs. L. Hickoclc— Second premium on tapestry
painting, f5.
In the juvenile department these awards
are announced:
Edna El worthy —Best and most tastily mad*
calico dress by a miss 1 1 tars old, f5.
Elmine Schraier— Best pair of knit wool stock
ings, napkin ring; best crochet work, napkin
ring. .
Bertha Hastings— Hand sewing, not less than
four pieces, silver medal; needlework picture, 85;
-best silk quilt, «5; best netting, napkin ring; best
silk embroidery, butter-knife; best worsted em
broidery, butter-knife; best cotton embroidery,
butter-knife; best band-male shirt, napkin ring.
The miscellaneous department awards
follow:
Mine. D. Combs— Display of nalrwork, diploma.
Miss Mary Crouch— Silk ooera-bag, silv-r medal.
Miss 1 dim i'leks— Ladies' hand-made side. elas
tics, diploma. .
Airs. W. V. Bryant— Forget-me-not center-piece,
silver medal.
Mrs. lr. Wright— Embroidery on bolting cloth,
diploma.
Mrs. S. Hastings— Knit wool stockings, diploma.
Mrs. F. Thompson— Tapestry, fire screen, di
ploma.
Mrs. F. Sullivan— Best morning bonnet, diploma.
Mrs. Charles Hashford— Fairy floss tidy, diploma.
MUTINY AT STANFORD.
Uprising of Freshmen Against
the Student Boiy Athetic
Committee.
They Objict to an Al!tg?d Usurpa
tin of Their Rights in
Football Affairs
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
16. — The executive committee of the stu
dent body met last evening and discussed
at some length <he question of authorizing
the stu lent body treasurer to make con
tracts for concerts of the glee and mando
lin club. It waa finally decided to grant
this authorization, and the treasurer left
to-day to complete arrangements for tbe
first concert in San Jose early in October.
The same committee added more enthus
iasm to the glee club interest by contribut
ing $30 a month to the expense of the
club's vocal trainer and director until
further notice. The club is bound to be
in better condition this year than ever
before, not only because of th« mllux of
several excellent voices, but because of the
constant practice of the members under
professional supervision of the voice cul
ture of members.
Some oi the freshmen were inclined to
be indignant when the athletic committee
cf the student body undertook to manage
their football team tor them. The athletic
committee yesterday granted permission
to Varsity Football Manager Brown to
appoint an assistant manager, who should
take entire cnarge of the tresnmen eleven,
arrance lor its games and see that it made
a good showing lor the season. The fresh
men took effense, claiming that there was
a usurpation of their class privilege and a
break in all precedent. They appointed a
committee to confer with tbe athletic
board on the matter and a pacific settle
ment will doubtless be made. At any
rate t :e athletic committee intends to see
that an upper-classman has charge of the
team, arguing tliat it is done all over the
East in the big colleges. And further,
mat a freshman manager, however ener
getic he may ue, has not enough acquaint
ance with student affairs and manage
ment of important athletic contests to
make the most favorable arrangements
possible. Last season the freshmen had
tneir own manaeer, but he was lost Fight
of when the freshmen intercollegiate came
was being arranged, the regular Varsity
manager doing tbe business.
Ail the football men are awaiting the
arrival of the coach with interest. Hard
work will take place immediately en his
appearance. Just now the men are accus
toming themselves to the handling of the
ball and each evening there is a percep
tible change for the better. Not half the
candidates are out yet, but all will be on
hand as soon as sufficient outfits can be
bad.
AGUA DULCE FIESTA.
Fleet Indian Runners Bearing Messages
Race to Governor Sangine's
Headquarters.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 16.— At En
senada and Asua Dulce, Lower California,
Mexican independence da)' was celebrated
to-day with picturesque ceremonies. At
Ensenaaa there was a big procession,
headed by Governor Sangines, a military
band and soldiers in white uniforms. Horse
races, bicycle contests and a grand bal
made up the celebration. ]
At A ua Dulce mining camp, which is
aoout forty-five miles east of Ensenada,
the festivities took on a wilder aspect!
About a dozen fleet young Indian runners
Jeft tbera early this morning, and word
was received from Ensenada at 1 o'clock
that Juan de la Cruz of the Santa Cata
rina tribe had arrived at tbe Governor's
office first and delivered his letter, receiv
ing an answer and starting back with it
immediately. The run of about ninety
miles was probably made in niucn less
than twelve hours.
Two miners named Sam Bullitt and
Tobe Caulkins have watered $100 each on
a drilling contest. Both are expert men
and have strong partisans among the
miners.
Not Jar from Aqua Dulce is a level plain,
presenting a fine place for horse racing.
There the Indians have about fifty horees,
and the Mexicans as many more. This is
the favorite sport, and all the money
obtainable in camp is put up, besides
saddles, bridles, horses and other col
lateral.
Ihe Cocopah Indians danced all Mon
day niKbt in Murphy's corral, going
through several of their weird ceremonies
They are very friendly with the Santa
Catarinas, but considerable jealousy
exists regarding the runners, and the race
to Ensenada has wrought them up to a
fever of excitement. The fiesta will last
untn Sunday night, if it does not continue
another week.
HaußnHia Sutptett Arrested.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 16.-Con stable
Creed arrested Eugene Gray, William
Manning and a man named Antoneili tbis
afternoon on suspicion of being the assnii
ants of aged E. Wormuth at this place
several weeks ago. The three men are
now in the County Jail at San Rafael.
Fran it Regalia, Hrresied tbe day following
the ttssauit. bas been liberated and the
charge against hi m dismissed. The evi
dence lending to the arrest of the three
men was furnished by J. B. Marr, who
has been working on the case. Wormuth
is an old pioneer of Mill Valley. He was
brutally assaulted at nighi within » few
feet of his home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
DEL MAR GUESTS
PLAN GOOD DEEDS
Charitable Projects of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society.
YOUNG WOMEN'S HOME.
Preliminary Action Taken for
the Establishment of the
Institution.
RECOKD OF A BUSY YEAR.
Favorable Reports Received From
tbe Grand Officers and
Directors.
SANTA MARIA DEL MAR, Cal., Sept.
16. — The second day's session of tbe nrnth
Grand Council of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society opened in the reception par-
The Altar in the Hotel Del Mar, Before Which the Grand Council
of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society Conducts Its Deliberations.
lors of tbe Hotel del Mar this morning
with a full representation from tbe vari
ous branches. The delegates present are:
Branch 1, Oakland— Mrs. Kirk, Mrs. Mo
Ginnis.
No. 2, San Francisco— MUs Nellie McCarthy,
Mrs. M. Henry.
No 3. Alameda — Miss Kate Jolly-man.
No. 6, Gilroy— Miss Marcella Fitzgerald, Miss
Maria Ryan.
No. 7, Stockton— Miss Julia Weber, Mrs. Mary
Nunan.
No. 8, Ban Francisco— Miss Mulligan, Urs.
Smith.
No. 9, Ban Francisco— Miss Amelia Martin,
Miss Kate Maguire.
No. 10. San Francisco— Miss Mary Atkinson,
Miss Josie Moran.
No. 11, San Francisco— Miss Emma Russell,
Miss Mary Tuite.
No. 12, San Francisco— Mrs. Mabel Kennedy,
Miss Rise Ue la HautU-re.
No. 13, Santa Cruz— Mrs. T. L. O'Niel, Miss
Mollie kegan.
No. 16, Fresno — Miss Lucy Nelson.
No. 17, San Luis Obispc— Mrs. M. Pinho, Mrs.
M. T. Dorse.
No. 18, South San Francisco— Miss Marr Me-
Donough, Miss Mary Ford.
No. 19, San Francisco— Mrs. P. J. White.
No. 20, Sau Francisco — Miss Blanche Dean,
Mrs. Phil S. Fay.
No. 21, Hollister— Mrs. E. J. Breen, Miss
Mary Smythe.
No. 22, bant a Rosa— Miss Emen McGowau.
Mrs. J. P. Fitts.
No. 23, Petaluma— Mrs. D. J. Healy, Miss
Mamie Kenneally.
No. 24, ban Kafael— Miss Mary Eden, Mrs.
Dufficy.
No. 26, San Francisco— Mrs. Jennie Drury,
Mrs. Muy Heaney.
No. 2ti, Lompoc— Mrs. J. C. Craft.
Matters of great importance to this
charitable Catholic organization and, in
deed, of considerable general interest,
were discussed and acted upon. Amone
the measures adopted were plans for relief
work and preliminary action in the estab
lishment of a Catholic home for girls in
San Francisco.
The morning session opened with a
ceremony which included prayer and tbe
ode of the society sung by all delegates in
unison. In tbe absence of Mrs. Keegan,
erand junior vice-president, Mrs. M. F.
Dorsey tilled her chair during the council.
The convention decided to impose a fine
of $2 50 on all branches having no delegates
present at the opening of the council. A
motion was unanimously carried thai at
the installment of every branch the pass
word be communicated to the new presi
dent, who shall in turn impart 'it to
members.
Congratulatory telegrams were received
and read from Rev. Henry Wyman,
■superior of the Paullsts In Ban Franc sco;
also from Archbishop Riordan and other
prominent members of the clergy, all
expressing good wishes for the society.
A telegram of greeting was sent to Mrs.
Margaret Deane, grand president of the
order, now in Parts. Her resignation was
not accepted, and she was notitied that
inasmuch as she would be back from
Europe in a few months; her influence and
direction would be needed in the society.
Mrs. Deane has held the office of grand
president for six years, and been the chief
spirit of the society and its beautiful work.
Under her - personal supervision v and
through her personal efforts, the Santa
M&ria del Mar tract was secured, the Hotel
Del Mar built and maintained as a beau
tiful seaside resort.
By unanimous vote, the convention de
clared that the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety discountenance all kinds of festivities
on holy days, Decoration day and All
Souls' day. It was recommended * that
subordinate branches have . mass ' cele
brated each year within the octave of All
Souls' day for deceased members. •"'
When the afternoon. session was called
to order the following report was pre
sented by the committee on grand officers'
report* and accepted :
In relation to our worthy grand president's
communication, we -gratefully accept her
words of kind appreciation and wise sugges
tions as to the future work of this council
While our hearts are saddened by her enforced
ab»«jice, our prayers are offered lor her Bpeedv
■mWMßi f WTTTfantfffNßp itT""*~ * i*iin 'i rr ' ifiw i ■ i i i li
return, her continued health and the success
of her charitable undertaking*. We find her
communication eloquent of Her heartfelt love
and sincere desire for the well-being of the
children of the Catholic Ladles' Aid - Society,
and gratifying to us in the highest degree, with
the exception of the paragraph containing her
resignation, and we commend her suggestions
to the carelul consideration of the members of
this Grand Council. We especially Indorse her
words of commendation of the management of
Del Mar, and we Join with Her in thanks to all
contributors to Its success. i<4o3
The committee recognizes the affection felt
by the board of directors and all other mem
bers of the society for our worthy foundress
and grand deputy, Mrs. M. Lohse. We call the
attention of the council to her statement in
regard to me omissions in the by-laws regard
ing the duties of the grand deputy. We tbaiik
her for her long continued interest in the so
ciety and beg her friendly aid lor the future.
The combined reports of our grand secretary
and grand treasurer show thorough work end
unflagging industry of these zealous officers in
their respective positions. This committee
considers the society fortunate that its affairs
are confided to such trustworthy and gener
ous hands. ■ -
The report of tbe grand directors embodied
the work of a busy and successful year, in
wbicn the many and varied duties have been
faithfully fulfilled, and we know we express
the feeling of the society at large in thanking
them for preserving the headquarters by their
heroic efforts.'
We compliment them in securing the assist
ance of the eloquent Father Yorke, whose lec
ture proved an eminent success. The favora
ble reports awaken a sense of gratitude to Di
vine Providence, who has blessed the works of
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society during, the
past, and we pray a continuance of bis loving
guidance in the future. Fraternally,
.Maecelxa A. Fitzgerald,
> Julia H. Weber, :
Blanche Dean,
Amelia Martin,
Emma Russell.
A committee consisting of Miss Julia
Weber and Mrs. M. T. Dorsey was ap
pointed to define the duties of grand dep
uties. The recommendation of Mrs.
Drane ttrat tbe grand deputies instruct
branches in parliamentary rulintr was ac
ceDted; also that, business of the meet
ings be confined to members of the
branch.
The council considered relief lists at
fame length. These lists contain reports
of relief work done in each branch of tbe
society, and by exchanging them among
the branches fraudulent recipients of
charity can be detected. It was accord
ingly determined to exchange the lists.
Relief committees of the branches will be
changed every three montns.
A clause in the grand president's report
favoring the establishment of lecture bu
reaus was indorsed.
The establishment of a yonne women's
Catholic home was discussed with the re
sult that a committee, composd of Mrs.
M. Deane, Mrs. Charles Cas^asa, Mr-s. P.
J. White, Mrs.. Philip F«y, Mr-. Amelia
Martin and Mrs. M. Curtis, waa ap
pointed. These ladies will act with a
member from each branch in San Fran
cisco, to be appointed by tbe grand di
rectors, who will have general supervision
of the woi t of the committee. The object
of appointing tbe committee is to take
preliminary action with regard to the
home and if the project be found feasible
to cany it on to a successful conclusion.
An invitation from the Santa Cruz
branch of the society to the grand council
to attend a reception on Thursday evening
was accepted and the convention ad
journed till to-morrow.
SAN HAFALL'S NEN TRACK.
The Bunt Club Will Own a Baeeeoune
A><ir the Town.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
San Rafael Hunt Club has In contempla
tion the purchase of a tract of land a short
distance from Hotel San Rafael on which
to build a mile racetrack. This piece of
land combines the elasticity of the Ran
Clement track, with a near proximity to
San Rafael. It lies abont half way be
tween Schuetzen Park and Han Rafael. It
is expected to be completed for next year's
races. It is said tbat $30,000 toward the
enterprise will be raised within thirty
days.
There is a rumor in San Rafael of a con
solidation of the San Rafael Athletic and
Cycling Club with the Hunt club, the
former to build a half-mile track within
the mile course of the Hunt club.
TAVOMA VXIV t-Ralll SCBEKS.
Traveling in Foreign Land* Included in
the College Curriculum. .'
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 16.— T0 get stu
dents from the East and as many aa possi
ble on the Pacific Coast who would other
wise go to California universities the
Puget bound University has adopted the
novel plan of adding regular tours to the
college curriculum. It provides for from
six to eight weeks of traveling with com
petent instructors during each year of the
course. First-year students are taken to
Alaska, second year to Old Mexico, third
to Hawaii and fourth year (after gradua
tion) to China and Japan. The cour-e
provides for nearly 20,000 miles of travel
ing during four years, the cost of tuition,
including trips, being placed at $300 yearly.
Ao Jtnoee at bnn Jo»e.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 16.— Th« board
of directors of the Santa CJara Valley
Agricultural Society met he:e to-day to
consider the matter of the horse-racing at
the coming county fair, which is to open
on September 28. H was found tbat the
entries had not filled sufficiently to war
rant holding a meet. For this reason it
was determined by a unanimous vote not
to have any horse-racing.
StintfCmm ." Wedding Hell*.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 16 —George
H. Cardiff and Mi*s Alice T. Picknell, both
prominent in the social circles of danta
Cruz, were united in marriage to-day at
the home of Mrs. C. %. Canfle.d on Locust
-trett by the Rev, W. C. Pond of Bethany
Congregational Church, San Frand6Co.
Both are great favorites in Santa Cruz.
HORSE BEATS MAN
AT SACRAMENTO
Cycler Terrill Too Slow
For the Speedy Pacer
Plunkett.
LEFT FAR IN THE BEAR
Separated by an Eighth of a
Mile Frcm the Winner at
the Finish.
FAVORITES ENRICH BETTORS.
Ottinger, Agitato and Mamie Griffin
Reach the Wire in the
Lead.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
fast ones of the 2:10 class draw a great
crowd to the track to-day. The weather
was perfect for racing, and aa the track
had been especially prepared for record
breaking those who expected to witness
some royal sport were not disappointed.
In the 2:10 trot the brown gelding Otiin
ger easily disposed of Stam U and the
other starters, winning in straight heats
in 2:11, 2:11. 2:10^. which now stands as
the coast race record for trotters. In the
2:10 race Aeitaio stepped a mile of his
winning race in 2:09^, and perhaps better.
Toe official timers hung out 2:09 flat and
gave the judges the fractional parts. Later,
probably out of accommodation to Win
ship & Keating, a quarter of a second was
tacked on to this time, thus leaving the
crack three-year-old eligible to the 2:10
class.
This is a practice that bas been too fre
quently indulged in during the past
season throughout the circuit and cannot
be too severely censured. It is certainly
an injustice to tbe owners of slower
horses, and why it is countenanced by
racing officials is not clear.
Many of the vast crowd present were
attracted by the announcement that VV.
A. Terrill, the San Francisco bicyclist, was
to go aeainst the game little pacer
Plunkett in a mile dash for a $12-5 purse,
and they left grievously disappointed, for
the horse defeated the blonde-headed
cyclist as easily as did W. Wood down
Oscar Osen at Petaluma during the fair
at that place.
Driver "Jimmy" Suiiivan, tbe "silent
man of the West," again captured tbe
better part of the 2:20 trot, decided under
the heat dash eystem, with the proud
steppins Mamie Griffin, taking the first
heat easily in 2:14. It was a grand day
for backers of the favorites, and the talent
quit well ahead.
It was expected that the Roc Klin horse,
Stam 13, would give Ottinger a not argu
ment in tbe 2:10 trot, which was tbe first
event called, but he failed to connect.
Ottinger sold favorite at 1-5, with Stam B
bringing $5 and the tie! > $3. Tbe favorite
took each heat as he liked, Sttm B finish
ing at his wheel in the first two heats.
Alteo was second in the deciding heat,
but could not extend the winner.
Tbe 2:10 pace was another lop-sided bet
ting arrangement. Agitato outclassed his
field, and pools were gobbled up at the
rate of $20 for the great Steinway gelding
and $7 tor the field. Bay wood, driven by
J. M. Nelson, gave him tbe semblance of a
battle in the opening beat, but after that
it was honey in the comb for him, he not
being compelled to go faster than 2 :l2>^.
Hazel H, driven by Van Bokkelen, whicn
iini-hed second in tbe second heat, was 26
to 1 in the books for the place.
Betting on the bicycle and horse contest
was not brisk. Terrill was favorite at
odds of 1 to 6, with 5 to 1 offered against
Plunicett. After scoring once before the
stand the word was given. Terrill trailed
behind the pacer to the half-pole, when
the horse began drawing away. Terrill
was evidently pumped out, for he finished
over an eighth of a mile behind the side
wheeler.
In her past races Mamie Griffin had
shown such speed that in the betting on '
the 2:20 trot she was a prohibitive choice
at odds of $10 to $4 over the field. After
taking the first three heats in most im
posing fashion she retired to the stable
and the other nine starters lined up for
the consolation heat ' Neernut, starting a
2 to 1 choice in the books, driven dv
Charles Durfee, was in front from the
word and took the beat with little to spare
from Clay S, handled by the veteran Den
nis Gannon. .
Trotting, 2:10 class, three In five: purse $1200.
Ottinger. br. g., bvDorseys Nephew, up traced
(Keating) '... ni
Stam B, b. c., by Stamboul (De1an0).......... 8 2 8
Aleut, br. h., by Alumont (Shaver) 5 4 a
Vlsalia, br. m.. by Iris (Perkins).... 455
Kthel Downs, blk. m., by Boodle (Van Bolt
ke.eu) 354
Time, 2:11-2:11-3:10%.
Facing, 2:10 Class, three in five; purse 91200.
Agitato, b. g., by Steinway. by Ferguson
(Keating) A 1 1
Bi 1 i'raiier, blk.-b. g., by Trlcemont (Shaner) 4 3 2
U.zel 11.. b. m., by Bismarck (Van Bole
- a-e1en). ......:....:... .v...... 623
Bay wood, D. h., by Woodnut (Nelson) 2*4
Ruby M. b. m., by Almunt i'atcuen (Sulli
van) 355
Time, 3 :o»V4— a : :12Vfr.
Trotting. 2:20 class, heal flashes: purse $1000.
Mamie Griffin, bile, m., by Blackbird-big
nal (->utltv»n) 11l
Neernut, b. h.. by Alber: W (Dnrfee) 4 8 a 1
Clay 8, b. b.., by Orover Clay (cannon).... 8a 3 2
Mettle Ham, br. m., by Uambleions
Mambrlno (McDowell) '. , 2 448
Conn, U h., by Inc (Kelly).. 7810 4
Harry Winchester, b. h., by Stamboul
(Hudge*) ....... 55 86
Letter B, b. m., by Ward B (Van 80k
ke1en)...... 8 767
Anita, b m., by Junto (Rodriguez). ........ 6 68 8
Faro liank, b.g., by lion Marvin (Holmes) 10 8 7 6
Charivari, br. m., by Ster.lug (Mab«n)... 9 10 b 9
Columbus S, b. b., by McDonald Ciuef
(bmith) dls
Time, 2:14— 2:16%— 2:20.
The wealthy Southern Californian tnrf
man, W. H. Stimson, owner of the black
pacer Del Norte and others, met with an
accident this morning at the track while
exercising th« pacer • Sophie R. While
rounding the first turn the mare reared up
ami fell back on her driver. An examina
tion by a physician showed that Mr.
Stimson had suffered the Iractureof the
collarbone which will keep him out of the
bike for some weeks.
The runners will hold the track the bal
ance of the week much to the relief of the
majority of race-go»-rs with whom harness
sport is too slow. The San Francisco con
tingent arrived to-night and a big crowd
is insured for to-morrow. Following is the
card:
Belling, five and a half furlong*, two-year-
£ l . d , olor £ 103 - Principle 95, Amelia 8 103,
BlilyVicelO4,Grandeß!aO7.
«o Se i? ' six furlongs— Bernnrdo 98. Thelma
98, George L 107, Ricardo 98, La Flecha 98
Encino 92, Silver Btale 101. Miss Pollard 95
Ma'nsTay'lOS 10 *' Howard 101 « Sea B ? rajr 101 '
Handicap, one mile and a quarter— Articus
100, Installator 115, Marcel 100. Claudius 109,
\\ heel of Fortune 107. „
Handicap, six lurlonßs—Arnette 95, Belli
eoso 109, 0 ive 95, Libertine 116.
Soling, six furlong*— Nic Nac 75, Tobev 81.
Gladiola 101. San Tuk* 98. Charles A 98'
VI arrngo 98 Favory 101 Tomno 96, Red Idle
80, Equity 95, Rutumei 97, Lady Gray 79
• Hwrdle, riandican, one and a quarter miles—
Gold D, IS , ; 143, O C 135, Baby Bill 140, Onti
Ora 137, Huu.sman 150, Sweetheart 135 •
ZeiaUr Heatß banner and Oantiner.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 16—Five
ihou-aod people attended tha L. a W
circuit meet to-day. Results:
Half a mile open, professional, Zeig.er won,
ganger second, Gardiner third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
One mile, open, professional, Bald won,
Loushead second, Tom Butler third. Time,
2:07. - -■■'■. ■:.;-• .
Two-mile handicap, professional, William
son (125) Won, Davis (125) second. Time, 4:36.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
CLFBS.
Won. Lost.
Per
Cent.
Baltimore
Cleveland
Cincinnati
Chicago
Boston ..
Pittsburg... w .
Phi1ade1phia.. ...................
New if or 1c, ..,.,.,........
Brooklyn ,
Washington.
St. Louis.
Louisville.
85 86
76 46
76 48
70 56
68 65
83 69
60 62
60 63
65 t>B
64 t)9
87 88
84 88
.7f12
.628
.609
.£65
.bbi
.516
.J9l
.487
.447
.439
.296
.278
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 16.— McGraw's er
rors gave to-day's game to Doston. Joe Cor
bett pitched the last four innings and but one
hit was made off him. Attendance 2000.
Score: Baltimores— 6, 14, 2; Bostons— B, 13, 1.
Batteries— Pond and Robinson; Stivetts and
Bergen. Umpire— Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 16.— Th« New
Yorks, barring one or two men, could do
nothing with Carsey's pitching to-day, while
the Phi'adelphiaa hit Meekin freely and
played superior ball The game abounded in
fine plays. Deiehaaty, Thompson, Joyce and
Davit carried off the honors. Score: New
Yorks— 2, 9, 1; Pniiaaelphia-— 6, 13, 1. Bat
teries— Mte'kiu and Wilson; CarseyandGrady.
Umpire — Hornun^
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 16.— Cleveland
won in a walk in to-uay's game with Chicago.
The play was marred by continual wrangling
on the part of Anson, who took exceptions to
Emsiie's decisions at every opportunity.
Cuppy was in splendid form, pitcning superb
ball and allowing the Chicago! only four
scattering hits. Griffith twirled a good gams
and kept his head at critical stages. Despite
the error column, the • Spiders played a
brilliant fielding game, making four doub c
plays when most ueeaed. Score: Clevelands,
4,8,4; Chicagos, 1, 4, 3. Batteries— Griffith
and Donohue, Cuppy and Zimmer. Umpire—
Emslie.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 16.— The Brook,
lyns played in a half-hearted lashion to-d»ty
and were easily distanced. Alercer pitched
his second game of the season and was invin
cible. His error was responsible for Brooklyn's
two runs. In the second inning Daiy made
two excusable errors and was unjustly re
moved from the game by Manager Foutz. The
Brooklyn player was so humiliated by this un-*
called-ior action that he bat with tne Wash
ington players during the remainder of the
game. Attendance 1300. Score: Washing,
ions— ll, 18, 2; Brooklyns— 2, 6, 5. Bat
teries—Mercer and FBrrell, btein and Burrill.
Linpire— Heiaier.
PITTdBUKG, Pa., Sept. 16.— Cincinnati won
boih games irora Pittsburg 10-day, rubbing it
in on the home team by shutting ihem out
both times. Attendance 2500. biore: Pitts
burgs, 0,6,4; Cincinnati*, 11, 9, 1. Batter
ies—Hastings and Merrill; Khines and Gray.
Umpire— Sheridan. Second game— Pittsburgh,
0,5,1; Cinciimatis, 4,5.1. Baiteii-s—Haw
ley and Sugden; Dwyer and Gray. Umpire-
Sheridan.
RACING ON THE EAST.
Hortea That Were Zither First, Second or
Third.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 16.— Results: Five fur
longs, Miss Verne won, Hazel Hughlett second
Ray H third. Time, 1:02^.
Seven furlongs, King Michael won, Uncle
Abe second. Robert Latta third. Time, 1 :30.
Five furlongs, Marie C won, Juanita second
Oella third. Time, 1 :02>4.
One mile, Schiller won. Topmast second
Honor third. Time, l:41 :l 4 .
Seven iurlones, Ben Amelia won, Pellea<!
second, Helen H. Gardner third. Time, 1 :'29.
Seven and a half furlongs, Roundelay won,
Lady Rose second, Revenue third. Time. 1:37
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 16.-Results: Five
and a half furlong*, Ross 0 won. billali sec
ond, Confessiou third. Time, l:10K.
Mile and a sixteenth, JJamien Won, Septour
second, Ben Eder third. Time 150
Five and a Halt furlongs, Set Fast won,
Swamp Angel second, Passover third. Time,
Mile and an eighth, Belmar wnn, Hanwell
second, Captive third. Time, I:sU'£.
bix furlongs, Magiaa won, Woouvme second.
Dolando third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and three-quarters, McKee won, Zaldi
var second, Marble third. Time, 3:01.
New Corporations.
The Specimen Gold Mining Compan? and the
Basch Auction Company were yesterday Incor
porated.
anew 10-DAT.
ttt^PCTR'/^ Wyr^\V\ffTßass"// Jf* >"% VWQQD&//\\t
! QAILBORDEN
EAGLE Brand
I -CONDENSED MILK..
Has No Equal !
SOLD EVERYWHERE ;
I • & a^ st Highest Smallest \
■jg quantity. Quafiry. Price. 2
1 The largest piece of strictly J 1
1 high grade tobacco ever sold for S
% the price. Not the large size of 1
fi the- piece alone that has made %
« /'Battle Ax" the most popular B
M brand on the market for JO cents, B
S^OIAUTY^SIZE; PRICE. I
i Is the light that will brine a great
; glow of happiness to you. By it you will
j see how strong, and.' vigorous your now
■ weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
I man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Thi«
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
\it is. You can get it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors d.by the leading scientifla
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of th«
discharee in twenty, days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervonCness.
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematurenesx means imrotency in ths
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
Weakness and barrenness. . It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rern-
i cdv. Send far circulars and testimonials.
1 TAXNTKD BfcOOD— Impure blood, due to seri-
J ous private disorders, curries myriads of sors*
■ producing (tf-rms. Tuen come gore throat, pimplec,
I CO|'P«r-colored spots, mcers in imutti. old sores and
falling hair. You r»n save n trip t," Hot Springs
by using tbe great 80-day cure. Call or write for
80-day circulars, ■ '.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
i ■ r Stockton, Market and Kills Sta. -
: SAN FRANCISCO. OAL. - •
_ U*%W3rtTß Mum
IS THE VERY BEST I NIC TO EXAMWBJ
X your eyes and fit th^m to spectacles and Eye.
glasses with Instruments of n ls Own Invention,
who superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess ha« bean due to tbe merits ol u.y work,
Office Hours— to 4p. m. :i". "
DR.MCNULTY.
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPK-
-1 ciallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NEBVOUSDISEASESOi' MEN ONLY. He »tot*
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and dwellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood,
He correct the Secret Krrors of Youth and their
. terrible effect-. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and bony, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
I cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
' tine. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad*
I preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
; medical treatment. His New . D %mpblet on Pri-
! vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. -Patients curad at Home. Terms
reasonable. » . ■ - -■ ,
Hours— 9 to 3 deity; 6:30 to 8:80 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and aw
confide ntiai. Call on or address ■■< ?
. •■« -r P. BOS CO McNULT?, M. D.,
- . 96% Kearny St., Sao Cisco, C»I.
gar Beware of strangers who try to talk toyoa
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They ara cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
(R9R! DR. HILL'S JVIGOR ATOR
KSliK^jfld THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
pi BBSs nil losses in 24 hours. Restores
p . D Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
Et*^ BMJB euros Emissions, linpotency, Vurico-
r7?n *ii?t eele i Ooaorrhwi, Gleet. Fits, Ktrlo
Ujhi iJAI tures, BlooJ Disease and all waiting
Rial Sal effects of felt Abase or Excesses.
ESeESBiiSEH ce ' lC sealed, $2 per bottle, TURKU
! BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases quickly cured. Bend foe
I free book. . v
fjywncox compound
ANsrepius
Safe and rare relief, never ralL others
ire imitations. tall druggists. Writ* for
Woman* Safeguard FREE. WILCOX MIDI.
«s» Co., 22* bo. Eighth St., Philada., fa*LEGAL FIGHT OF
THE BUCKLEYITES
Supreme Court Grants Them
an Alternate Writ
of Mandate.
TO BE HEARD NEXT WEEK
A Case of National Legal Inter
est and Much Local Politi
cal Importance.
LAW, PACTS AND SMALL PULLS
The Fight Between Buckley and
Rainey Is Now Where McNab
Has No Proxies.
The great legal issue of the local cam
paign of this year was formally presented
to the Supreme Court yesterday, when the
petition of the .Buckleyites for a writ of
mandate directing Registrar Hinton to
accept the Buckley municipal ticket as
the Regular Democratic ticket was pre
sented to the court.
The court at once granted an alternative
writ of mandate, directing Registrar Hin
ton to show cause a week from next
Friday, the 25th inst., why the writ prayed
for should not be granted.
The case is of especial local interest, be
cause it will determine the legal standing
of not only the rival factions in the Demo
cratic party, but also the legal standing
of the Keily-Mahoney faction — if it may
be called a "faction"— in the local Republi
can party.
The case will acquire a National reputa
tion in legal circles because it will be a
highly important addition to the very few
pertinent cases which have got into the
"books" since the Australian ballot law
has been adopted, in one form or snu< or,
by nearly all the States of the Union.
The Australian ballot law recognizes
political parties as legal entities having
rights and equities. Under tne old laws
political organizations were mere volun
tary associations having no more legal
standing than a voluntary mass-meeting.
Under the new law political conventions
sre distinctly recognized, denned and
given powers and equities.
Section 1186 of the Political Code says:
"Any convention, as Hereinafter defined,
held for the purpose of making nomina
tions for public office, and also electors, to
the number hereinafter specified, may
nominate candidates for public office to
be filled by election within the State.
•'A convention, within the meaning of
this act, is an organized assemblage of
delegates representing a political party,
which at the last election before the hold
ing of such convention polled at least 3
per cent of the entire vote of the State,
county, district or other political division
for which the nomination is made."
The question is, Does the Buckley or
the Rainey convention represent the
Democratic political party which did un
que>tionably poll 3 per cent of the vete
cast at the last election?
The petition filed yesterday by the
Buckleyites was tiled in the name of D. A.
Macdonald, the candidate for Superin
tendent of Streets, who for legal purposes
represents the entire ticket. The opera
tion was attended to by Attorneys Joseph
Rothschild, Frieden rich, Heggerty, Hum
phrey and Dunne.
The case of the Buckleyites is not at all
displayed in the long petition filed. The
petition simply recites at much length a
story to the effect that the ticket filed is
the regular Democratic ticket entitled to
recognition under the law.
None of the disputed facts in the case
and none of the important legal conten
tentions are recited in the petition. These
things must appear from the pleadings of
the opposition.
The case is looked upon by lawyers as
one of National importance. The new
election law of this State, as do the new
election laws of most other States, recog
nizes a political convention as a thing
having riehts and equities. The conn
cannot, apparently, go into the field of
equity without going into the facts of the
case.
The Bucdeyites are generally recog
nized among lawyers as having far the
best of it, as far as both the facts and the
law are concerned. The facts show that
the Buckley organization is the regular
one, when the continuity of the political
organization is considered, and the com
paratively few pertinent decisions that
have been rendered since the Australian
ballot law has been established are all in
favor of the contention of the Buckleyites.
The Junta gains the prestige and posi
tion wholly from the fact that the Demo
cratic State Central Committee and the
Democratic State Convention recognized
it. This recognition, however, was, as is
well known, bestowed as a matter of po
litical policy and pull, and without any
consideration whatever of the facts in the
case.
The facts of the case involve the history
that the Junta was the result of a bolt of
a minority from the regular party general
committee.
The bolt was made during a stormy
meeting at Metropolitan Hall, when Gavin
McNab ordered the lights in the hall
turned out and when, amid pandemonium,
Chaiaman Watkins of the bolters arbi
trarily declared the general committee
adjourned sine die without putting the
question.
The "regulars" had a large majority of
the meeting, but the bolting minority set
.ud an independent organisation, and
later, by making it a matter of political
expediency and not a matter of right, se
cured recognition from the State political
bodies.
Now, for the first time, the Buckleyites
come to the front with a chance to secure
in an impartial court what they did not
get amid political turmoil — fair considera
tion of their claims to be the regular
party through their representing at all j
times a majority of the members of the j
regular party organization.
The field of facts involves not only that
stormy meeting when the McNab- Rainey
minority turned out the lights and broke
up the meeting, but it invdves the author
ity of that Deuprey committee which so
arbitrarily created the Junta organiza
tion.
It is thoneht that if the court decides to
go into the facts the case will be referred
to s commissioner. The Bucklf-y lawyers
do not think the Supreme Court will take
any particular notice of the action of the
State Convention.
A State convention has no legal author
ity to con&true laws, and where legai
equities are involved its action has no
weight. A Democratic State convention
might recognize a Populist. Republican or
Prohibition delegation as the "regular"
Democratic delegation, but that, it is
argued, would not. destroy the equities
under the law of the regular party organi
zation within the territory it represents.
One of the decisions the Buckieyites
have ready to present is a New York case
which, like all the other parallel cases re
ported, sustains their contention. In the
New York case the Court of Appeals said
that a State convention might recognizo
♦ ] Ie wrong people and that its action did
not take a case from the jurisdiction of
the court.
The law as quoted above is asserted
to make, by its language, a conven
tion representing a political division, v
thing independent of conventions ot
all other political divisions. In this
view the city and county municipal
party has no more to do, in the eyes of the
law, with the party of the State than it
has with the corresponding party of some
other State. The question is, Will the
court consider and recognize the decision
of a boss-ruled committee, State or Na
tional convention as disposing of the
rights of a municipal organization be
stowed by law ?
THE POPULISTS.
They Make Preparation* for Selecting
Their Municipal Candi
dates.
The City and Municipal Convention of
the Populists was held last evening at
their tent on Market and Larkin streets.
Dr. D. W. Daywalt waschospn permanent
chairman and Mr. Cuthbertson permanent
secretary.
The chairman appointed the committe
on platform : Hon. J. T. Rogers, John M.
Reynolds, E. W. Walker, H. W. Fletcher,
A. W. Thompson, J. D. Spencer, B. G.
Haskell, J. A. Anthony, J. C. Gore.
Mr. Rogers was elected chairman of
this committee. The committee will meet
m private session on Sunday at 7 v. m.
A resolution was adopted to the effect
that if possible a fusion should be made
with all the reform forces, a committee
on fusion was appointed as follows, the
chair being an ex-officio member:
E. 8. Barney, G. D. Gilhspie. J. D.
Thompson, J. A. Johnson and Mr. Teug
man.
A law committee was elected in per
sons of J. T. Rogers, A. W. Thompson and
Charles Cattron.
The convention adjourned to 8 p. jc. on
Monday next ;
BETRAYED BY THE X RAY
The Sad Predicament of a Young
Man at the Mechanics'
Fair.
Mexican Independence Night at the
Exposition — The Children
Made Happy.
The attendance at the Home Products
Exposition at the Mechanics' Pavilion
was as large last evening as ever. The
special feature of the evening was the
commemoration oi the anniversary of
Mexico's independence, and a special
musical programme was prepared for the
occasion, aside from the regular concert.
It consisted of solos, etc., by Kolander's
Mandolin Club. The participants were:
Professor Kolander, Mrs. N. Kolander,
E. Piquet, Miss Viola Cash, Mr. Walheim,
Miss Lord and Miss Bradley, banjos;
Miss M. Slagl, Miss L. Doherty, Mr. Char
ming and F. Kenny, mandolins; Miss
Lizzie Kutscher, Miss Schramm and L.
Isaacson, guitars.
During tbis afternoon the pupils of the
Douglass Primary, Everett Primary,
Hearst Grammar and Emerson Primary
schools took possession of the Pavilion
and enjoyed themselves hugely. To-day
the pupils of the Catholic parcchial schools
will enjoy the hospitality of the manage
ment of the exposition. Over 3000 invita
tions have been sent out and accepted by
St. Joseph's School, St. Peter's School, St.
Patrick's School and St. Mary's College of
Oakland.
To-night will be Irish night, held under
the auspices of the Celtic Union. An
elaborate programme has been prepared
by the committee of arrangements, of
which Jeremiah Deasy is chairman.
The thirty-six Irish organizations com
posing the union will turn out in full force.
An address on the manufactures of Ire
land, past and present, will be delivered
by the Hon. Joseph Leggett, who has been
selected orator of the evening.
Following is total vote cast for popular
exhibits at the fair up to date:
Crown Flour Company, 1039; Johnson-
Locke Company, 1115; Joshua Hendy Ma
chine Works, 1114; Laumeister Milling Com
fany, 445; Tillmann <fe Bendel, 651; Union
ron Works, 272; Zan Bros., 230; Fulton
Engine Works and Rix Compressed Air Ma
chinery Company, 363; American Biscuit
Company, 113; Fishbeck & Glootz, 175.
The X ray exhibit in the gallery is at
tracting much attention, but the X ray,
like the slumbering bulldog, is not a thing
to be trifled with. One young man found
this the fact to his sorrow last evening.
He was accompanied, evidently, by his in
tended and her mother. The young lady,
in a spirit of fun, declared that her escort
did not possess such an organ as a heart,
and he thoughtlessly offered to prove by
the X ray that he had such an organ. He
stood close to the screen upon which the
shadows are cast. While waiting devel
opments he conversed with the young
lady, while the elderly lady watched cu
riously.
Suddenly the X ray got in its work and
cast upon the screen the shadows of three
or four libs, a suspender-buckle and a
metallic pocket whisky flask, but no heart.
The 6id lady snorted with rage and de
clared that no daughter of hers should
ever have anything to do with a young
man who imbibed spirituous liquors
and carried the stuff about in pocket
flasks. The young man's explanation
that it was cough medicine was of no
avail. The old lady withdrew indignantly,
followed by the daughter sorrowfully,
while the young man hunted for a dark
corner where he could kick himself for
being such a fool as to trifle with an un
known quantity, and last of all the X ray.
SOUND MONEY LEAGUE.
Organization Effected and Funds Being
Subscribed With Alacrity.
At a meeting of the California Sound
Money League held at the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday Chairman Horace
Davis appointed the following executive
committee:
Frank L. Brown, wholesale wire manu
facturer; C. 8. Hoi ton, manufacturer;
Albert Castle, wholesale grocerer; Louis
Gerstle, Alaska Commercial Company ;
Harry A. Williams, fruit packer; John
Dolbeer, lumber; Julian Sonntag, powder
manufacturer; Albert Dernham, whole
sale boots and shoes; William C. Johnson,
laborer; W. Baker, manufacturer agricul
tural implements; C. A. Hooper, whole
sal« furniture manufacturer; Oscar Lewis,
president Builders' Exchange: Hugh
Craig, president Chamber of Commerce;
C. B. Balneld, Associated Improvement
Clubs; Percy T. Morgan, California Wine
Growers' Association; C. R. Allen, coal
and slapping; E. B. Cutler, produce
merchant; M. L. Requa, mining; Joiin J.
Valentine, president Wells, Fargo <fc Co.;
H. P. Sonntag, real estate; A. Sbar
bcro, Italian-Swiss Colony; Levi Strauss,
wholesale clothing; Joseph Brandenstein,
tobacco and cigars; Albert Gerberding,
grain dealer.
The following citizens have been invited
to attend the meeting of the pxecutive
committee to-day: Frea Siebe, W. F. Bow
ers, Lewis H. Bonestell, Thomas Kirkpat
ripk. Thomas Magee, A. H. Price, Orestes
Pierce, J. C. Hammond, Frank Sumner,
John O. Harron, Rolla V. Watt, L. P.
Drexler, Ciarence Coburn. Samuel Foster,
Samuel C. Hammond, William Fries, P.
H. Green, J. C. Johnson. George W. Me-
Near, John Garber, J. H. Folger, H. Ben
der, F. A. Elliott.
The committee will meet at the Cham
ber of Commerce at 3:30 i\ m. to-day, when
various standing committees will be ap
pointed.
Henry J. Crocker reports having col
lected $1200 trom business men in half an
hour for tne purpose of defraying the
necessary expenses of the league.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
MONTEITH WILL
STAND FIRMLY
Efforts to Pull Him Down
Have Been Una
vailing.
POPULISTS NOT HAPPY.
They and the Democrats Had a
Lively Fight in Con
vention.
AND NOSES WEEE PUNCHED.
Republicans Utilize Their Time in
Working for McKinley and
Protection.
George W. Monteith. Populist and un
fused candidate for Congress from the
First District, declares that he will remain
in the field for principle and will make
the best fight which his slender means
will allow him to do.
All kinds of pressure have been brought
to bear to induce him to resign. The
Populists and Democrats of the district
are by no means harmonious. The other
day at a convention held at Healdsburg
the farmers and mechanics were tumbled
around very promiscuously. The conven
tion had been stuffed with a few Demo
crats from Santa Rosa of the Geary fac
tion, and they at once proceeded to teach
the agricultural element some lessons in
parliamentary law that are not to be found
in Cushing or Roberts.
Resolutions were introduced by the
Democrats and put to the vote without
the noes being called. The Populists were
jobbed most unmercifully and in the
coarsest manner. The meeting broke up
in a row in which Editor Ditmar of the
Populist paper in Redding came out con
siderably the worse for wear.
OHIO CLUB.
Permanent Officers Elected of a
Rousing Organization of Sons
of the Buckeye State.
The Ohio Republican Club was organ
ized last evening at a meeting held at the
Auditorium in pursuance of a call dated
September 14, and signed by Norman
Arter, as temporary chairman, and L. P.
McCarty, the statistician, as temporary
secretary. The purposes of the meeting
were stated in the call to be the election
of permanent officers and the adoption of
rules and regulations for the government
of the club, and these purposes wsre ful
filled. One peculiarity of the organiza
tion is tnat it is composed exclusively of
natives of Ohio. The committee which
has taken in hand the preliminary work
discovered that there are upward of 1400
natives of Ohio in the City of San Fran
cisco alone, so that the basis of » large
club is assured.
Tne following were elected the perma
nent officers of the organization: Colonel
J. P. Jackson president, Norman Aner
first vice-president, Charles Woolpert sec
cond vice-president, W. -G. Richardson
treasurer, L. P. McCarty recording secre
tary, Oren B. Fogle, B. F. Garrett and
Theodore Reichert executive committee.
During the coming week a committee,
consisting of the president, secretary and
Andrew Jackson, will arrange for calling a
meeting, which will be attended it is hoped
by the 1400 Ohioans and perhaps others.
In addition to the list of 1400 natives, all
of whom will be invited to become active
members of the club, many others who
were born oui«ide of Ohio, but who have
resided in that State, will be considered
for honorary membership. The present
membership of the organization embraces
many very prominent citizens.
McKINLEY VETERANS.
A Rousing Meeting With a Loyal
Speech by President Mc-
Cormlck.
The McKinley Veteran League held a
well-attended meeting last night at Swiss
Hall, corner Mission and Fourteenth
streets, Colonel E. McCormick in the chair
and Orderly Sergeant Thomas Regan act
ing as secretary. Veterans from San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Redwood City and Colma were
present.
Captain William Bolwin, John Fair
child, Major Frank Clark ana J. Duffy
were appointed a recruiting committee.
Lieutenant-Colonel L. B. Marks, J.
Smith, Captain F. A. Blanchard, Quarter
master; J. A. Becssy and Captain J. Ryan
were appointed a committee to detect
fraudulent registration.
Captain H. £. Barrett, Orderly Sergeant
Thomas Regan, Michael Quinn, James
Stevens and Arthur Ropers were appointed
a committee to arrange for a big mass
meeting in the near future.
President McCormick made an address
brimful of patriotism. The following is
an extract:
After the election of Hon. Eugene F. Loud
and a majority of Republican Congressmen
and after the casting of his vote wiih the Re
publican majority in the electoral college for
McKinley and Hobart by the Hon. Claus
Spreckels, the greatest benefactor of our State
an Ameiican protective tariff will be assured'
confidence will be immediately restored and
hoarded and frightened capital will once more
be used to foster American industries, money
will again be Invested in public and private
enterprises and labor will again find employ
ment at wages as good as in former years of
prosperity under Republican administrations.
Af ier the apdause had subsided Captain
Kreuzer of the Swiss Veterans, called lor
three cheers for McKinley and Hobart
Eugene F. Loud and John D. Spreckels'
which were given with a wiil.
LIKE FORGERY.
gitlzens' Names Used by Fakers
Without Authority.
The following letter is a sample of many
that have been received concerning the
result of the so-called primaries held by a
few people a day or two ago:
San Francisco. Bept 16, 1896
City Editor of the Morning Call— Dear Sir-
The Mahoney-Kelly-Spear aggregation have
chosen Dr. J. E. Artigues as one oi their dele
gate? to their would-be municipal convention
from the Forty-fourth Assembly District. Dr.
J. K. Ariiguesiias this moment requested me
to inform you tnat he never authorized any
person to use his name as a delegate or for any
other purpose, and that he emphatically de
clines the questionable honor thrust upon him
ana refuses to have anything whatever to do
with the above peculiar combination of poli
ticians. Mo«t respectfully yours,
P. A. Bergerot, 142-143 Crocker building.
About a score of persons who were de
clared elected at those so-called primaries
have declared that their names were used
without their knowledge or consent; that
they do not care to associate with the
handful of queer people who are manipu
lating those liliputian politics, and that
they consider t. at an unwarrantable lib
erty has been taken with their names.
Here is another:
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The in
sertion of my name in the list of delegates to
the "Republican convention" is error.
I have never authorized such action, and I
respectfully request you to state tnat I am not
such delegate. Yours truly,
ItDWAKD LAOTK.
J. K. C. Hobbsalso repudiated the nom
ination and says that his name was'used
without his knowledge or consent. '
* •
. » '..• —
Delegates From the Forty-Fourth.
The following were nominated for dele
gates to the municipal convention by the
executive committees of the clubs of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District: Alex
ander Campbell, George Zocchi, M. M.
Bushway, D. J. Keefe. Wiiliam Bastian,
Melo Ellich, Elias Cook, Louis A. Rea, F.
J. Cunningham, John H. Ralston, Wil
liam Bloomfield, S. J. Garibaldi, John
Gleeson. The clubs further request the
executive committees of the County Com
mittee to locate the polling place in some
central portion of the district. Resolutions
were passed mdor&ing the lion. John D.
Spreckels.
The Lincoln Club.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Lincoln
Republican Club was held last night at
the corner of Union and Powell streets
and eloquent addresses were made by F.
F. Graham, R. Schuler, Andy Branch" and
E. Casey. The leadership of John D.
bpreckels and the work of the County
Committee were heartily indorsed. Dele
gates were elected to the Republican mu
nicipal convention.
The U. Perkins Club.
The D. Perkins Club of the Forty-fourth
District, named after a leading Repub
lican of the district, held a meeting last
night, at which several spirited. addresses
were made. Senator E. C. Palmieri was
the principal speaker.
The meeting closed with cheers for Mc-
Kinley, protection and John D. Spreckels.
West End Club
The West End Republican club will
hold a meeting this evening at the Chutes.
Hon. S. M. Shortndge, D. E. McKinlay,
General E. S. Salomon, United States
Senator Perkins and others will speak.
There will be special music for the occa
sion and Sam Booth and the California
quartet will sing. Admission free and
seats reserved for ladies and their escorts.
INDORSED T, B, O'BRIEN.
The Army and Navy League Out
for the Republican Can
didate.
Address of the Fourth Congressional
Nominee Before Le aud Stan
ford Camp.
Leland Stanford Camp No. 2, Army and
Navy Republican League of California,
Colonel M. S. Blackburn commanding,
held an enthusiastic meeting at 26 O'Far
rell street, the department headquarters,
last night.
After the regular business of the league
was gone through with, speeches were
made by Colonel Charles £. Wilson,
Colonel J. C. Currier and Hon. Thomas
B. O'Brien, candidate for Congress from
the Fourth District.
A resolution was unanimously adopted
indorsing Mr. O'Brien's candidacy and
pledging him the hearty support "of the
league. His remarks in part were as
follows:
I deem it an honor to appear before the
saviors of the Union. The men who are before
me are sprinkled with dust from the rugged
road of time, but the flag of liberty and Re
publicanism for which they offered up their
lives to perpetuate and preserve still em
blazons the sky. The soldiers in the legions
of Cresar {ought for pillage and conquest, but
the soldiers of Grant, Sheridan and Sberman
fought to perpetuate liberty, an undivided
Union "Wit ti meilce toward none and charity
toward all."
Your achievements for liberty and law will
De sung by poets and narrated by sages along
the decades oi time, aud after ages as they
rise exultlugly wlil proclaim blessings on the
veteran's name.
But I am not here this evening to eulogize,
but to tell you that lam running for Con
gress in the Fourth District, aud I know that
you are eager to hear of the faith that is in me.
The people oi this State and Nation are anx
iously awulting the result o: your ballots in
next November. When I say the Nation 1
refer to the majority who are nauseated with
the abominable curse of English free trade.
Unfortunately this district is misrepresented at
Washington by a fanatical disciple oi Cobden.
My opponent is a philan.hropist to the foreign
ers of Europe and Asia, because he would con
vert our Nation into a free warehouse lor their
products. He would allow the ship-builders
of the Clyde and Thames to drive out our
Scotts and suppress the fires at the Union
Iron Works. He would permit our men and
women to starve and be would feed the aliens
of the world.
He has a mania for theory and an aversion
for lact. He grows superfluous on remote im
practicabilities, ai d grows eloquent upon the
Chinese one-string fiddle — his crazy quilt re
striction.
It Is needless to say that my opponent has re
munerated the mechanics of this district with
jawbone vapor.upon which they cautiot subsist,
and has given them a postoffice site filled with
Democratic auger-holes. The postoffli-es at
Sacramento and San Jose are completed aud
occupied, but alas, ours is a permanent re
minder of the ancient sand bed thai gave shel
ter to the army of want whooccupied it under
Democratic rule.
This is an American year, and the gal'ant
soldier. McKinley, who was your comrade
when foes from within and sympathizers from
without aimed to dissever the Republic you
fought to preserve, will occupy the seats of
your former comrades. Grant, Hayes and Har
rison. Under the regime ot the gallant Mc-
Kinley we will have perpetuated the system so
auspiciously begun by Lincoln,
When no caste barrier stays the poor man's son,
Till step by step the topmost heights are won.
FINED FOR CONTEMPT.
Judge Coffer Aaseftied Attorney J. P.
Langhorne SIOO for Slapping
W. H. H. Hart.
Judge Coffey yesterday fined Attorney
J. P. Langborne $100 for contempt of court
for having slapped the face of W. H. H.
Hart during an altercation in the Probate
Court on Tuesday.
Langhorne was ordered to appear at 11
o'clock yesterday morning for punish
ment. He apologized to the court for his
action, saying he has the greatest respect
for Judge Coffey, both personally and as a
Judge, and that he was sorry the episode
occurred. He also announced his readi
ness to pay the penalty for hia outburst of
temper.
Judge Coffey took occasion to make a
few ill-natured remarks about the press
and concluded by saying that he could
not accept the check for $100 with which
Langhorne offered to nay his fine, bnt that
cash must be forthcoming. The Hendy
case was then postponed until the fine is
paid.
SUICIDE OF A MILLHAND.
Benjamin Moore Takes His JATe by
Inhaling Gas.
Benjamin Moore, a millhand, 58 years
of age, committed suicide last evening in
his home, 2635 Sacramento street, by in
haling illuminating gas. The body was
discovered at 6 o'clock by Mrs. Moore
widow of deceased.
For Labor Legislation.
The Central Labor Council proposes calling
a convention In the near future at which
steps will be taken to influence the members
to the State Legislature to enact the laws sug
gested by Labor Com missioner E. L. Fitzgerald
and also at the same convention & ways and
means committee will be appointed to assist
ttie State Council in currying out the objects
embodied in Mr. Fitzeer;ild'.s suggestions.
Great Demand.
Pioneer brand shredded and desiccated
cocoanut. Since the exhibit in the Mechanics'
Fair people are not misled by inferior
brands. Stoo at the boo ill to set taniDles. *
A BIG NIGHT
FOR SILVER'S CAUSE
Francis P. Newlands Ad
dresses a House Full
of People.
WANTS SOUND MONEY.
Hon. F. M. Taylor of Colorado
Served as Proxy for
Senator Teller.
OVERFLOW MEETING OUTSIDE.
Preparations to B? Made for a Series
of Mass-Meetings in the
City.
The meeting at Metropolitan Temple,
held last evening under the auspices of
the California Silver Committee, rilled
that big ball and a large overflow meeting
was held in front of the building. A
brass band and bonfires helped to create
the enthusiasm and attract the crowd.
George W. Baker, as chairman of the
Silver Committee, called the big meeting
to order, and in doing so took occasion to
say:
"About twelve months ago we held a
silver convention in this hall, represent
ing, as the silver committee is now com
posed, Democrats, Republicans and Popu
lists. At that time we were denominated
ascranlts; now we are called anarchists.
We have the satisfaction of knowing that
whatever we are we have the majority of
the people of this country with us." He
then introduced John M. Wright.
"In every cri-is of the Government," said
the speaker, "the very man most adapted
for the need of the time has arisen. In
the time of the Revolution a George Wash
ington was there; when a man was need
ed to define the principles of the cause
Thomas Jefferson was there; when the
time came to define the position of this
Government with regard to other
Governments on this continent a
Monroe was there; Webster arose
to deliver the greatest of constitutional
definitions; when trouble arose over the
national bank question Andrew Jackson
settled it; when the Union was threat
ened with destruction because of the
rooting of slavery in the South Abraham
Lincoln proved its savior. A leader of
the armies was found in Grant. And
now v question is before the Ameri
can people for settlement as grave
and as important as any ~ of
these great leaders were confronted
with. The Republican party, always a
progressive party until now, has taken the
stand against the side of the people. At
Sacramento the party was disposed to do
the right thing, but when its delegates ar
rived at St. Louis they found conditions
against which they could make no stand.
At Chicago a leader of the people arose —
the man as we know of tbis campaign —
as though the great Jehovah had said to
him, 'Speak to the people,' and William
J. Bryan has spoken. [Great applause.]
1 was at tirst in doubt as to the spirit in
which the people gathered to hear him,
they came in such multitudes. Why, they
gather in such throngs that it is like the
throng that goes to witness a circus. But
1 know the spirit that moves them. My
friends, they look upon him as a savior."
After the singing of campaign songs
by a quartet, the Hon. M. F. Taylor of
Denver was introduced as representing
Senator Teller, who had been unable to
accept an invitation to be present.
Mr. Taylor paid the usual happy com
pliments to California end its people, but
said he bad since coming here been greatly
confused as to the politics of the
people here. They were supposed
to be all one way at first, but
now were greatly mixed. He would tell
of the things and the people at his horne —
Colorado. The word ••Colorado" provoked
prolonged applause. The people of Colo
rado, he said, needed no telegram from
London or France to know what the peo
ple there thought about it. This country,
he thought, was equal to its own. They
had followed the banners and listened
to the promises of Republican and
Democrat and been as patient
as they could until they saw
disaster follow fast and follow faster,
blighting their homes, and now they had
cut loose from the parties and stood for
their birthright as plain people of this
great country. He came here, he said, not
as a Democrat; not as a Republican — even
a silver Republican, if you please;
not as a Populist; but as a citizen 01
the country, determined to see the
tires kindled upon the hearthstones of our
homes again. "Somewhere to-night," he
said, "in the Middle West, facing multi
tudes, no one leaning over his shoulder to
tell him what to say, a plain citizen, a
champion of the people, Wiiliam Jennings
Bryan [applause] is declaring anew tite
independence of the United States." [Ap
plause.]
"They tell us that the silver dollar at 16
to 1 will be a 53-cent dollar; that we must
wait until England shall make it a 100
-cent dollar. For my part I am like the
boy who at the baking of pie on Saturday,
to be eaten, on Sunday, declared, 'I want
my part of it now.' I see no reason
in waiting until some other nation
shall make good our own Ameri
can dollar. We are better able to
make it good and without regard
to any other man or nation than we were
when only a handful of ragged rebels at
Valley Forge 115 years ago." [Appiau^e.l
Telling a story of the successful singing of
the song of "the sword of Bunker Hill"
he said : "I am here not to raise the
sword of Bunker Hill, but the spirit of
Bunker Hill. I appeal to you: 'Do for
your country what is "best for it
and do not wait for the bidding
of any nation on earth.' You are told that
the mills will be opened if McKinley is
elected. You know that phey might be
stacked to the turrets with manufactures
and you would yet be unable to purchase
the smallest fraction, because you have
not the money." [Applause.]
Some more music oroke the thread of
the silver oratory, and then the orator of
the evening, Francis G. Newlands, was in
troduced:
Mr. Newlands said:
After a few preliminary remarks, Mr.
Newlands said:
In treating this question, I wish to state that
the silver men believ« in sound and honest
money. They do not believe in depreciaiad
money or fifty-cent dollars, but they do be
lieve in maintaining the equal debt-paying
power, and the equal value of all dollars,
whether gold, sliver or paper. We only differ
with our opponents as to the methods by which
tbis equality of value and of power snail De
maintained. Our opponents insist that until
an international agreement can be effected
gold shall be the only primary money, and
that silver shall simply be regarded as the
material upon which a promise to pay gold is
stamped. And they insist that no more silver
dollars shall be coined. We insist, on the
contrary, that both gold and silver shall be re
garded as primary money, and that the old
relative value of silver to gold shall be restored
and maintained by giving to silver equal
privileges under the law.
I assume that you all believe that anenlischt
ened seli-interest should govern nations, just
as it does individuals, and that the interests
of nations vary.
The nations of the world are divided into
two classes— creditor nations and debtor na
tions.
In reviewing the nations of the world we
find that there are very few creditor nations,
and they are principally Eneland, Germany
and France, for Belgium and Holland do not
figure largaiy in international transactions.
Where is this gold located? We refer to the
statistical report of out Mint Director, and we
find that to-day $2,000,000,000, one-half of
the accumulated supply, is located in Eng
land, France and Germany, and the other
$2,000,000,000 is scattered over the rest oi the
world, but is tied to these countries by the
strings of bond and mortgage, so that it can be
withdrawn at any time by the action of the
creditor nations through the sale of securities
in the country that has issued them.
This is the age of trusts and combines. The
prevailing idea is to control some product,
limit the production, raise the price and nmke
a profit. The scarcer the thing monopolized
the more efficient is the trust or combination.
Throughout the ages nature has only yielded
enough gold, in visible iorm to-day in the
shape of money, to fill a cube of twenty-two
feet. What more favorable subject could
there be for a combine or Wust than gold?
And wno would organize such a trust? The
people who own the gold. And how would
they make that combination effective? Not by
limiting the production of gold, because that
is limited enougn; but by destroying the use
of its only competitor— silver— which through
out the ages and until 1873 stood with gold as
one of the acknowledged money metals. The
production of money was to be limited by the
destruction of the use of silver through legal
enactment, by denying it coinage and legal
tender equality. And this the United States,
persuaded by some occult influence, proceeded
to do in 1873.
At that time specie payments were sus
ptnded, as they had been during the entire
war, and there was no accumulated stock of
either gold or sliver in the country. Yet our
country led the crusade of the debtor nations
against silver. And though Providence had
exposed the richest silver treasures as a means
wiih which to pay our great debt contracted
during the war, this country, owning no gold,
having no interest in the gold trust, but the
greatest producer of silver in the world, the
greatest debtor in the world,, owing debts
which it had obligated itself to pay in coin,
either gold or silver, absolutely denied itself
at a time when the silver in the silver dollar
was worth 3 cents more than the gold in the
gold dollar, the power to use its silver mines,
and not only destroyed the legal tender qual
ity of the existing silver coin, but denied silver
bullion admisfiion to its mints, so that not an
ounce of silver could be turned into legal ten
der coin. We thus became the greatest cus
tomer in the world oi the gold trust. Aud the
result has been the accumulation of a foreign
debt unequaled in the history of the world.
But.we are told that the production of gold
is largely increasing and that that will make
up for the destruction of silver as money. It
is ttue it has increased, for everybody is look
ing for it. But the production is by no means
commensurate with the wants of the world.
The dominant position of England, France
and Germany will be increased so long as the
gold standard is maintained by debtor nations.
Mr. Newlands contended that the Re
publican piatform confined an inter
national conference to the leading com
mercial nations of the world. These na
tions were England, France and Germany,
the beneficiaries of the gold trust. Was it
ever known that the beneficiaries of a
monopoly would willingly relax their
grasp?
As to the accumulated slock of coin in the
various countries none of it would come to our
mints. It is iv actual use as coin, and no ad
vantage wou.d be gained by simply changing
the stamp.
The exaggerations concerning silver are
marvelous. One would think from the news
paper accounts that every storehouse ana
vault was bursting with silver. As a matter
of fnct, and you can refer to the Mint Director
as authority, all the silver coin in the world
amounts to a little less than $4. 000, 000,000,
and all this coin can be put in a cube of sixty
six feet, or a space about the size of this audi
torium. This Droves that there never has
been enough metallic money produced to sup
ply the wurW.
The people of the United States cannot wait
for the slow processes of international ar
rangement even with debtor nations.
It is clear if we maintain our greenback sys
NEW TO-DAT.
r?L? IlioU l- R i? d X*™™ disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach" Sick Headache
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold chill* FlushlnM
asps tooamsssssß. tea sSL "35£^3K3K§35
try one box of these Pills and they will be acknowledged to be earnestly mvlted to
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
Thef^tf^e
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, strengthening th«
musculer System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back thlkeen edge r of appetite
and arousing with the Rosebud of Health the whole physical energy of Ihe humaa
frame. These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society and one of the , fcs/t
SJH^ opa.0 pa.i c 5 O .Sc?K BSPSSA. 1 *- 1 B -**-'° ™» fc*- th « £■*££
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. S. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application. v.»u»«- ot., new
Patient
Silent
Suffering
Women
They are numbered by thousands!
Men! husbands, brothers, fathers! Why
do you let them surfer ?
You do not appreciate the extent of the
Buffering. It is of such a nature as not to
alarm you. Pains in the back, weakness,
headaches, nervousness, hysteria, nervous
prostration — "oh, well, most women have
one or the other— can't be helped ! They
get over it in time!"
O fie upon you! Yon think nothing of
years of sufferine of those you pretend to
love I
But worse— they DON'T get over it more
than half the time. Chronic inflamma-
tion and catarrh of the uterus, leucorrhea,
etc., with their train of miserable attend-
ants, lead at least half their victims slowly
but straight to an early grave.
DOCTOR COOK.
The most experienced and expert of spe-
cialists is not too good for one you care
! for. Let her have the best treatment the
country affords. Don't risk having to re-
! proach yourself for her lifelong misery or
! early death, by trusting to chance, patent
i medicines or to a doctor without long ex-
! perience in this particular class of dis-
eases.
Dr. Cook is also an expert in cases of
sterility.
Lost manhood, too, he completely re-
stores.
Out-of-town customers treated succesi-
i fully by mail.
Office hours: 9to 12, 2t05,7 to 8. Sun-
days, 10 a. m. to 12 M. only.
DOCTOR COOK
865 Market St., Fr,Xc
Permanently established in this city.
tem and redemption in gold we will have to
issue more bonds, or else we will have to retire
our greenbacks and issue other money in their
place. The question is whether :his money
shall be bank paper redeemable in gold or
metallic money coined from our silver mines
1 maintain, therefore, that the free coinage
of silver at the rate of 16 to 1 by this country
is practicable, that it will restore the old rela
tive value of silver and gold, release this coun
try from its dependence on loreign countries,
impair the efficiency of the cheap labor of sil
ver standard countries in competition with our
own, restore the value of our asricultural
products with which we pay our debts abroad
and save this country from a manufacturing
competition that will prove destructive.
With a view to protecting the products of
this country, whether from the farm or fac
tory, against the production of silver standard
countries, our policy should be by the in
creased use oi silver to pull up the value ol
silver, and by withdrawing the demand for
gold to pull down the value of gold.soasto
restore the old relation of 15J£ or 16 ounces of
silver to lof gold. By doing this we will take
away at least one-half of the efficiency of the
competing labor of silver-standard countries.
All parties have declared that this object is
commendable; that it is desirable that bimet
allism should be restored, and that such an
i increased use of silver should be created as to
' restore its parity with gold, so that both metals
i will concurrently circulate. The only differ
ence is as to the method of doing this; and,
while international action is desirable, it is
not necessary.
The tariff legislation promised proper secur
ity 10 the manufacturing interests of the coun
try against the products of tne cheap labor of
| Europe, and the monetary legislation promised
| the agricultural interests of the country secur
! ity against the disastrous competition of sil
: ver-siundtird countries. It also promised a re
| nuwal of the mining industry oi six States and
three Territories, whose basic industry was
silver.
upon the successful prosecution ol this in
dustry depended all the correlated industries
of commerce, agriculture, banking and trans
portation in this vast; area, comprising neariy
one-third of the entire country. The revival
of that region was of vast importance to San
Francisco, separated as it was. built up as it
was, first by gold mining and later on by
silver mining. It had suffered severely from
the prostration of the mining region, and
would profit greatly by its restoration. Thus,
by the equal protection and development of
the manufacturing, agricultural and mining
interests of the entire country the country
would grow harmoniously. And with a
restorat.ou of equitable relations between tho
creditor and debtor, and between the pro
ducers end consumers, a beneficent era of
prosperity would follow.
Before allowing the crowd to disperse
the chairman announced that Hon.
Joseph J. Dwyer will speak at Metropoli
tan Temple next Wednesday night. All
silver ciubs expected to attend.
All silver clubs in San Francisco are re
quested to communicate with William P.
Lawlor, chairman of the campaign com
mittee, and arrange for the mass-meetings
wliich are to he held in the various As
sembly districts from now till the close of
the election.
Early Closing.
The Retail Clerks' Early Closing Association
will meet this evening at Grand Central Hall,
corner o; Sixth aud Market streets, atß o'c'oclc.
A proposition to affiliate with the Federation
of Labor will be discussed. Every salesman in
favor of shorter hours on Saturdays is re
quested to be Dresent. The following are the
officers of the association:
President, Jerome Donovan; vice-president,
j A. Adams; secretary, J. M. Nye Jr.; treasurer,
■T. Mclnerny; executive committee— M. Cous
ins, White House; T. Quinlan, KohiberK
■ Strauss; T. Noonan. O'Connor &Motl'att; K.
I Sullivan, Newman & Levinson; J. Clarkson,
Hale Br-s.; P. Slattery, The Maze: J. Roberts,
I Kohlberg-Mrauss; T. P. Crowley, J. J. O'Brien
I <fc Co.
All of the stores above mentioned that are
keeping open after fi p. jl on Saturdays have
agreed to close at (> p. m. if the Emporium can
be prevailed upon to do so.
OIE THOUSAND BIRDS!
German Canaries, Eastern Bobolinks
and Panama Talking Parrots .
arXJST ARRIVED S
A. C. ROBISON,
Dealer ir/Blrds and Animals,
337 KEABNY ST. AND 1017 MARKET
sooo
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
.by an -Experienced Eastern Florist.
XI VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGowan, "|
ilium Scott, 1 . Silver Spray, lori,i*_
Day Break, - I™,,* Hinsles White, f vvalt
Tidal Wave, J-ruiK. white Wine, J
Grace Wilder, J Gold l-'incn.Uold, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown 'or Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to the
trade at reasonable rates.
T.G.ARJISTROM&SON
FLORISTS, . ETC.,
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
; Addrss:
Mills College P. 0., Alameda Co., Cal.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The ■■■ GRILL
Ladies the ROOM
of the l\^v iV *
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OFKN U.NTII. MIDNIGHT.
GREATBARGAiSiiS
____—__- _— WARE ■
FOR, DECORATINQ
, 8. B. CHURCH, urn «j«»=axo« Sit_ JOaoia 1.
56
THURSDAY.... SEPTEMBER 17. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
r*Hy and Sunday Cam,, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Caix, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, «lx months, by man.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by malU .65
Sunday Cam, one year, by ma 11..: 1-SO
Wuu,y Call, one year, by man *♦«>
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon trolngt to the country on a vacation T If
■•, It la no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It nslss you for you will
mis* It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office win receive prompt attention.
tiO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE*
710 Market Street,
Sara Francisco, California.
T*!«phone :..'..■....'♦ Mala-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS .
617 Clay Street.
Telepbene Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
080 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntn
C:SO o'clock.
830 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
718 Larkin street: open until 8:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
en til 9 o'clock. >r.
-2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
118 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB *
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE »
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent. -.:-•"-,■:'"
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, of Obio
FOB TICF-PRBRIDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EJECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1898.
Gold will be freer to workingmen under
a protective tariff than silver will be under
free trade.
Now that Bryan has gone to Kentucky
to talk, we may be sure the State is going
for McKinley.
The campaign of Teller, Boies, Dubois
and Bland is thoroughly golden in one re
spect: It is silent.
Sewall may know he has had enough,
but he seems determined to keep his feet
in the trough just the same.
The latest Democratic scheme is to get
Sewall and Watson to get off tbe ticket
and settle their little controversy by a dog
fall.
Bryan has never favored protectif n to
any American industry, and, therefore,
has no claim on the support of any 'man
engaged in industry.
Wherever you find a sound business
man or a sound working: man you find &
man who favors sound money and protec
tion, for they are essential to both busi
ness and work.
Bryan went to Kentucky to avoid the
frost of Maine and was caught in a rain
storm at his first stopping place, so it
seems he cannot have things favorable to
him in any part of the country.
Every speech made by McKinley raises
him in tne estimation of the public, and
the people are beginning to regard him
as tbe ideal leader, whom they can follow
with love as well as with loyalty.
International bimetallism is a move
ment to improve the conditions of in
dustry, but the Bryan scheme of silver
monometallism is ai Bourke Cockran
said, "a conspiracy against wages. "
The remonetization of silver can be safely
effected by statesmen supported by the
business men of the country, but the
people will not intrust it to the party of
bungling and confusion, led by a man
more noted for his rhetoric than for state
craft.
If any man wishes to know what is b«st
for the country at this time, let him com
pare the condition of his industry under
tne Gorman tariff with what it was before
the Democratic panic set in and he will
see at once what is needed and know just
how to vote.
"It is immaterial in my judgment
whether the sheep-grower receives any
benefit from the tariff or not," said Mr.
Bryan, when talking for free trade, and
the peoDle can learn from that statement
just how much Bryan cares for any
American industry.
To promote industry and provide for the
revival of business the Republican party
offers the country protection, reciprocity
and international bimetallism, while the
Popocrats offer nothing but silver mono
metallism and even that is to be accom
panied with free trade and the competi
tion of the cheapest labor countries in the
•world.
Under Republican administrations the
National debt was decreased by over $1,881,
-000,000, while under the present Demo
cratic administration the debt has been
increased by over $257,000,000. With these
facts in mind the voter can early decide
for himself which sort of administration is
best for the Nation and the people who
have to pay its debts.
As this campaign is conducted with the
object of devising the best means of pro
moting the industries of the country it
Ehoula not be overlooked that a Republi
can administration would revive tne reci
procity system which Democracy broke
down and would thereby open large mar
kets to our manufacturers and fartners
without surrendering a single day's wage
of any workingman in the United States.
The nimblest and most agile rainbow
chaser of the season is Senator Jones,
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee. He has performed the aston
ishing task of finding a rainbow for his
party in the Maine election ana in the face
of the biggest Republican vote in the his
tory of the State cheerfully points out that
the Democrats cast 3000 votes more than
in 1894 and claims that as "a marvelous
gain for silver."
"It is my serious and solemn opinion
that the full recognition of silver will
come soon and tbat it will come through
the efforts and under the direction of the
Republican party." These words of Sen
ator Wolcott addressed to 10,000 persons at
Colorado Springs won their approval and
undoubtedly express the sentiments of
Western Republicans generally. To have
silver safely remonetized we must first
have the success of the Republican party.
IN DESPERATE STRAITS.
Divided, disorganized, demoralized, de
spondent, Democracy finds itself in des
perate straits, and turn which way it will
it can find neither a safo path to take nor
a wise leader to follow. When, in the Chi
cago convention, it broke in mad folly
from its established paths and its accus
tomed leaders it undertook to blaze out a
way for fusion with Populism, and as a re
sult both it and its allies, the Populists,
are now wandering In darkness, blind
leaders of the blind, who know neither
whither they are going nor where they
shall stop.
Never in the History of our country did
a great political party approach a Presi
dential election in such a confused and
disordered rout as tbat of Democracy at
the present time. It matters not whether
we consider the condition of the party in
the Nation, In a State or In a city, we find
everywhere the same blind bungling and
blundering. The leaders or bosses, or what
ever they are who are in command, are
moved by the same folly of seeking Popu
list allies at the expense of losing the con
servative and stalwart element of their own
party. A species of political insanity im
pels them to denounce Cleveland, Palmer,
Hill, Carlisle, Whitney and Caffery for the
purpose of cornering the favor of Peffer,
Tiliman, Allen and Mrs. Lease.
Half-hearted even in their folly and be
wildered in the confusion of untried
ways, these blind leaders of Democracy
are unable to act with vigor or consistency
on the course they have decided to takp.
Having driven the conservative Demo
crats out of the camp they still hesitate
to carry their bargain with the Populists
to its logical conclusion. They keep the
millionaire Bewall on their ticket for
Vice-President despite the cry of the Pop
ulists clamoring that he shall be taken
down and Watson substituted- This strife
over the Vice-Presidency disturbs the
party leaders so that they cannot attend
to the campaign and fills their councils
with a confusion worse confounded. How
gladly they would get rid of both if they
could is known to every one, but they
have neither the wisdom to devise a com
promise oor the courage to enforce one.
In this confusion and demoralization it
is of course impossible to carry on an ef
fective campaign. The days go by, but
no voice is heard for the fusion save that
of the wandering boy orator of tbe Platte.
The men who were expected to lead the
onset of aggressive free silver, Teller,
Boies, Matthews, Blackburn, Crisp, Dan
iel and Bland, are all silent. Some of them
have spoken once or twice, but none has
entered with any vigor into tiie campaign.
Even the Populists have assumed an un
wonted silence, and Peffer, Allen and
Simpson are as mum as the Democrats
and the bolting Republicans. What can
be expected of a party so demoralized and
divided? How could it possibly adminis
ter the affairs of the country if by any
mischance It came into possession of the
Government? The whole scheme of the
fusionists shows a political imbecility that
is as reckless as it is incompetent. Democ
racy in fact is shooting Niagara, and
nothing can save it from the swift ap
proaching catastrophe.
In 1892 our streets were full of American
jobs looking for men; now our streets are full
of men looking for jobs. When the Wilson
bill was passed the American jobs went across
the water. They will never come back until
there is displayed upon our seacoast the an
nouncement that sound money, protection, re
ciprocity and William McKinley have been
indorsed by the electors of the United States. —
Senator Thurston.
WORDS OF A TRUE AMERICAN.
Undoubtedly Major McKinley is an
American of the highest and truest type.
When called upon the other day by dele
gations from a number of Grand Army
posts he gave them hearty welcome to his
home as comrades in the war days, but in
addressing them he said: "You are here
to-day not as soldiers, but as citizens —
citizens of the best Government in the
world, made better because of the services
you rendered it nearly a third of a century
ago. Coming to this city to give me con
gratulations not only are those who
served on the Union side during that
great struggle, but also the men who
served on the Confederate side. Both
have been here to tender congratulations
and give me assurances of support."
Major McKinley had a splendid oppor
tunity to "ring the changes" and fight
the war all over again. He might have
painted word-pictures of the suffering
they endured and revived the bitter feel
ings of a third of a century ago, but the
lofty patriotism of the man inspired him
to tell the men who stood with tdm in the
heat of battle in defense of the country
that "you are here to-day not as soldiers,
but as citizens," and that men who served
on tbe Confederate side bad been there
"to tender congratulations and give as
surances of support."
Only a truly great man would let such
an opportunity to play upon the events of
history pass unimproved, but Major Mc-
Kinley is seeking tne Presidency of the
whole, not a section of this country, and
be looks upon all Americans as his fellow
citizens. Surely such a man can be
trusted to manage the public affairs of
the people upon l-nes that would better
the conditions of every citizen. It is en
couraging when men who stand for high
office refuse to consider any policy that
does not contemplate a closer union, a bet
ter feeling and general prosperity among
the people.
In the future, as in the past, 1 shall stand
for protection and free coinage. Firmly be
lieving that the best interests of our State and
the Nation at large will be subserved by the
election of McKinley and Hobart, I shall give
them my support, notwithstanding the Na
tional platform does not meet my approval
in one particular.— Senator Carter.
SENATOR WOLCOTT'S LOYALTY.
The Republicanism of Senator Wolcott
has never been questioned, nor has his
loyally to the cause of bimetallism ever
been douDted, and that Is why 10,000 peo
ple turned out to hear him discuss the po
litical issu's of the day at Colorado
Springs. He s-poke in his own State to his
own people, and he talked very plainly to
them. Like very many other advocates of
silver coinage without limit, Senator Wol
cott is satisfied that if silver is ever re
monetized the Republican party will have
to do It. He knows, as does every other
observing man know, that nothing good
has come to the people of the United
States in the past thirty-five years that
was not the direct outcome of Republican
legislation; hence he knows that if the
mints are ever opened to the fiee coinage
of silver the Republican party will open
them. Bat as the Republican party is
pledged to a bimetallic monetary system
there is no risk taken by Senator Wolcott
or any other silver man, and the surprising
thing is that any sensible person could
expect the remonetization of silver through
any party other iban the Republican
party. Silver ironometallism is not bi
metallism, but that is what Bryan's wing
of the Democratic party in advocating.
Senator Wolcott believes that commerce
0
XJtlJfi' SAJN JfKANUISUO CALL, XMUKSMY, SJBIT.KMJtS.EK 17, 1896.
needs a larger volume of redemption
money, and the Republican party believes
so too; but the Republican party knows
very well that theremonetization of silver
would not add a single dollar tv the vol
ume of money employed in current opera
tions unless commerce sanctioned the re
monetization. Hence it is that the Re
publican party proposes to make commerce
a party to an agreement to open the mints
to silver, and hence it is also that Senator
Wolcott and all other sensible students of
the pcience of money are supporting Major
McKinley.
It is very true that the Bryanites are
aiming at the remonetization of silver,
Dut they propose to defy commerce and
the law of trade and arbitrarily legislate
values. That would do very well if laws
could be enacted which would oblige com
merce to accept values that were created
by law, but it so happens that commerce
in the matter of fixing values is & law
unto itself, and it is superior to any nation
or people. It follows, t. en, that if sliver
were remonetized In opposition to the
wish of commerce, commerce would make
a distinction between the money it ap
proved of and tbat which it did not ap
prove of, and very naturally it would carry
that which it did approve to countries
that were in harmony with it, thus leav
ing the nation issuing the other kind of
money upon the basis of that money. To
avoid such a calamity to our home and
foreign trade, Senator Wolcott, a free
silver man, urges the people of his State
to aid the Republican party in its effort to
remonetize silver upon a basis that will
make a silver dollar the equal of a gold
dollar the world over.
Stiver advocates desire that money shall be
cheap and plenty. Let us see what this con
tention leads to. The cheapest money in the
world is found in the strongest gold country —
England. The dearest money is in the free
silver countries. Gold in London can be bor
rowed on good security at 2 per cent per
annwn, while silver in Mexico, China, Chile,
the Argentine Republic, Spain and India
commands a loaning value of 13 per cent. —
Washington Hesfing.
DEMOCRATIC AID.
It looks as though Sewall would have to
walk the plank. Some one must be held
responsible for the Republican victory in
Maine, and Sewall is the logical victim,
but it is wrong to sacrifice him. It was
not his fault; besides, as between Sewall
and Bryan tbe people of Maine would take
the former almost to the man, for he is a
protectionist, and that of itself would com
mend aim to the people of his State as
against any free-trader. If there is need
for a sacrifice Mr. Bryan should be offered
up. His own wild and ill-considered dec
larations was what made Maine Demo
crats vote the Republican ticket. Bryan
has made the issue one of hatred and sec
tionalism, and in defense of public morals
and tbe Nation's honor the true men of
Maine crossed and recrossed party lines
that they might give greater emphasis to
their disapproval of Bryanism.
It is easy to understand the lesson which
tbe Maine election teaches. The people
are not ready to substitute Bryanism for
the principles or Washington, of Jefferson
and of Lincoln, and the voice of Vermont
and the voice of Maine is the voice of an
overwhelming majority of the people
everywhere. Even in Arkansas, it now
transpires, tbe majority for Bryanism was
only about one-half as large as the man
agers of tbe campaign ordered the return
ing boards to make it, which shows that
there is a strong feeling of resentment in
that State against the effort of Bryan to
foist his fallacies upon the Government.
There is a vast deal more tnan a Republi
can victory in Vermont and in Maine, and
in tne cutting down of the Democratic
majority in Arkansas. If Mr. Bryan does
not see in these things an expression of
public sentiment that is condemnatory of
his theories of government, he is blindly
joined to his stupid idols.
If Bryan's managers want to punish
some one for the overwhelming defeat of
their ticket in Maine, let them get after
tho thousands of Democrats who either
refused to vote at all or voted the Repub
lican ticket. J. 11. Manley, Republican
National commit teeman for Maine, says:
"We have been aidea in this great con
test by many Democrats, who have placed
country above party and who believe that
you cannot divide the people into parties
on a question of simple morals and com
mon honesty. They share our victory
with us."
THE KEYNOTE.
Albuquerque Citizen.
The San Francisco Call struck the keynote
of the financial question ■when it said: "On
the rock of international bimetallism the free
silver wave has spent its force, and it is on
that rock the Republican party builds Its
pledge to the people to restore "silver to Its
former position as a money metal, without
injury to any trade or Industry, by means of
an agreement witu the leading nations of the
world."
CAMPAIGN ECHOES
Altgeld has taken the stump. He has also
takon away Bryan's last chance.— Cleveland
Leader.
Mr. Bryan's letter of acceptance is another
bounding argument for the election of Major
McKinley.— Des Moines Register.
Bryan is still confident of victory, which is
simply a fresh proof that Bryan's Intellect
stands at an acute angle with the horizon. —
Philadelphia Ledger.
Now, really, is there anything too food for
the "common people" of the United States?
Is there any money too good for them? Why
should they not have as good as the best? —
Sioux City Journal.
McKinley in the White House and Cleveland
a private citizen, bobbing for bass, will be a
great change, and one that the country will
appreciate after "four years of clover." — Chi
cago Inter Ocean.
Noting Mr. Bryan's fondness for quoting
.Solomon the Philadelphia Record suggests that
he might profit by Solomon's advice: "Whoso
kecpeth his moutn and his tongue keepeth his
soul from troubles."
Ex-Minister Pnelps is to take the stump for
McKiuley and sound money. The brains of
the Democratic party are oozing out rapidly
since tbe Populists began thoir free-silver
trephining.— Philadelphia Press.
Mr. Bryan's letter of acceptance is chiefly re
maikable tor its failure to supply the reasons
why jeople should vote for him, which hi»
speeches also failed to give. All the indica
tions prove that it's going to be a hard year on
boy orators. — Philadelphia Enquirer.
Mr. Bryan indulged in tome idle chatter in
his Chicago speech to the effect tbat It was
•'not considered dishonorable" for the wage
earner to earn his bread by the sweat of his
brow. Wbo said it was dishonorable ? This
■hows the cheap caliber of the candidate. —
Salem News.
This is a campaign of extremes. To the
youngest candidate who ever ran for the Presi
dency Is now added the oldest wbo waa ever
nominated for that office. When Bryan was
born Palmer was already considerably Older
tban Bryan is now — and according to all ac
counts he knew more.— Providence Journal.
It is certainly a striking fact that on the
evening the votes were being counted in Ver
mont the Democratic candidate waa address
ing almost as many people at one point in
Ohio as bad voted that day in the whole State
of Vermont; but the trouble is that the voting
went the other way and votei count.— Spring*
field Republican.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS,
De Koven and Smith's new Chinese opera,
"The Mandarin," is soon to be produced at the
Herald-square Theater by Messrs. Evans and
Mann. Tne plot deals witn a case of mistaken
identity, a mandarin having to undergo the
humiliation of being mistaken for a common
cooly laborer. The mandarin is punished for
the cooly's misdeeds, while the real laborer,
recognizing a good thine when he sees it,
wears the mandarin's yellow buttons and bat
tens in the lap of luxury. The action of the
piece passes in Peking, and De Koven was very
anxious to introduce some local coior by the
introduction of some real Chinese music. He
went a number of times to the Chinese theater,
jvnd though he did not admire Celestial har
mony v much as Paderewski did, he man
aged at last to pick up a' few tunes and get an
idea of Chinese orchestration. William Mann
says that be and Mt. Evans were not so enthu
siastic about the Chinese music as De Koven
was, but they consented to allow some of it to
be rehearsed for them on a hired piano,
brought to tbe theater for the purpose and
played by a professional accompanist engaged
for the occasion and who is known to his mu
sical friends as "The Hobo ken Rock Crusher."
The piano had stood the wear and tear of a
continuous variety show performance for some
weeks, but one repetition of the Chinese mu
sic caused the treble wires to slacken a quarter
of an inch. It was noticed also, on the authority
of Mr. Mann and Mr. Evans, that the Salvation
Army band, which nightly, at the corner of
Thirty-fifth street and Herald square, drives
terror into the heart of tbe devil to musical
accompaniment, moved down tbe street after
the Chinese rehearsal began. Then De Koven
gave in and the Chinese local color was elimi
nated from the score.
Leoncavallo and Mascagnl are rivals. The
"Cavalieria Rusticana" made Mascagni famous.
Shortly after "I Pagliacci" was given to the
world, and Leoncavallo, in a sense, snatched
some of tbe laurels from Mascagni's brow. Since
then the two young Italian composers have
both been worrying along the road to universal
fame, each, fearing that the other would get
there first. Last season Mascagni made the
tour of Germany and Austria as a conductor
ana created & sensation, which must have
made Leoncavallo feel that his lot was one of
comparative obscurity. The composer of "I
Pagliacci," however, is evidently not to be
outdone by his bated rival, for it is now an
nounced that during the coming season he will
make a tour of the United States to direct
symphony concerts. Fragments of his own
works will also be performed at these concerts.
The route of Leoncavallo's tour Is not yet an
nounced, but the successful young composer
will certainly receive as much lionizing in this
country as Mascagni received last winter in
Germany, for Americans are proverbially in
dulgent to foreign artists, and a composer in
the heyday of his career will be something oi
a novelty. Leoncavallo is said to be a very
gifted conductor.
"Hansel and Gretel" was such an over
whelming success in London that it is inter
esting to learn something of the prims donnas
who first created the title roles in English.
The late Sir Augustus Harris wanted young
singers, but he took care also that they were
endowed with, remarkable talent. Miss Jennie
Douste, who represented Gretel, appeared
before the Queen as a pianist at the early age
of five and a half years. Indeed Miss Douste,
to use her own words, still loves the piano,
and when Signor Tosti suggested a few years
ago that she should become a vocalist, she felt
at first some hesitation about accepting his
MISS JENNIE DOUSTE and MISS MARIE ELBA, Who Created
the Roles of Hansel and Gretel in the First English Version.
advice. At the early age of 8 years Miss
Douste— in company with her sister, who is
also a well-known musician — visited the
United States in a professional capacity, and
so enamored were the ladles of Boston of the
sisters' musical talents that they formed a
"Douste" club, which is still a flourishing in
stitution. Miss Marie Elba, who created the
English role of Hansel, is the daughter of a
Danish clergyman. It was her intention to be
a pianist, but the conductor of the Stockholm
opera, after hearing her sing at Copenhagen
when she was in her eighteenth year, induced
her to go to Stockholm to study. This she did,
and after remaining there a year she made her
debut in "Lakme." The young debutante
made such, an impression that she was called
before the cur tain, no less than fifteen times.
Both these young prima donnas contributed
largely to the success of "Hansel and Gretel,"
for though the plot of the opera is simple the
music la intricate. The latest news respecting
the opera is that it is to be produced In Italy
this coming winter. The musical paper,
II Trovatore, sptaking of It says, " 'Hansel
and Gretel' is the best product of musical Ger
many since Wagner left off writing."
A curious piece of news is contained in the
Monde Orphanique: "Anew instrument has
just been introduced into the orchestra of the
Royal Opera at Dresden. It is known as a
'war horn,' and is no other than the horn of
an African antelope, perforated with great
address. Its mouthpiece is of metal, and ex
actly resembles that of a trumpet. Its natural
scale gives five notes— ot, sol, ut, ml, sol— and
it appears that its sound is much more ma
jestic and penetrating than that of any metal
horn. William 11, in his quality as a musician,
has interested himself very much in the new
instrument and has given orders for its Intro
duction into the army. It is stated at Berlin
that the new war horn will supplant the reg
ulation clarion of the Prussian army. Its
length of nearly a yard and a half will
astonish the soldiers, and those who are of
the Hebrew faith will be able to imagine
themselves in an old synagogue, for it seems
that the antelope's horn very much resembles
the old religious horn of the Israelites (scho
pbar). It Is to be booed that, musically speak
ing, it will give more melodious results." The
parallel between a metal horn and one of real
horn seems rather doubtful from the stand
point of acoustic science. In any case, admit
ting that the projects of William II are well
founded, it will be enrious to see the German
army adopting for its signals the ancient war
horns of the indigenes of Kassai.
In ;a volume which he consecrates to Hans
yon Bulow, the Viennese pianist, Yon Motta,
cites some aphorisms of the great artist: "It is
possible to play correctly and well and yet be
interesting. Do not; try to be so interesting
that yon cease to play well." Of Mozart ho
used to say: "It was not for nothing that Mo
zart was half Italian. People play his music,
not even as if he had been born at Salzbourg,
but as if he had first seen the day at Stock
holm. This is too glacial; too dead. Study
his operas, or play his sonatas for piano or
violin. With Mozart, even in his pianoforte
sonatas, there is always a dramatic ground
work. Each theme by Mozart is an individ
uality."
In England they are trying the experiment
The Honorable Stephen Brodie's Master Play at the Baldwin Hotel
in Routing: Out the Chair Boarders.
[Sketched from Ufa by a " Call " artitL]
of making pianos of paper. The Neve Musi
kalische Presse of Vienna, which gives an ac
count of the process, demands to enow what
satisfactory result can come from the new de
parture, aud opines that even if they succeed
in constructing a sounding board of pressed
paper It would not respond to the conditions
oi sonority necessary.
An Italian newspaper nas opened an inter
national competition, with a prize of a thou
sand francs in gold, for the best scientific
monograph, either manuscript or printed,
on the parallel and reciprocal laws of mustc
and poetry. Communications have to be ad
dressed to the Artagnan, Rome.
A society of German musical instrument
manufacturers, with headquarters at Berlin,
has decided to open an immense department
store, where everything possible pertaining
to music will be sold. It is *tated that all the
capital necessary to start the enterprise has
already been subscribed.
The success of Isadore de Lara's opera, "Amy
Robsart," was sufficient to induce the com
poser to write another lyric drama. The new
work is called "Moyna." It will receive its
first production at Monte Carlo next winter,
and Victor Maurel will very probably be
engaged for one of the leading roles.
A new local choral society that promises to
be very flourishing this winter is the Apollo
Club. It already numbers sixty members.
The smaller works of the great composers will
absorb its attention for the present, though
later it is intended to undertake heavier
works.
A new opera by George Janos, "DieSchwarze
Kaschka" (The Blnck Kaschka), has been repre
j Bented with great success at Breslau. The
work will be produced In a number of the
leading German towns during the coming
season.
The Paris Opera is rehearsing Alfred Bra
neau's "Messidor."
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
He— l can assure you that I am a bachelor
from choice.
She — Bo 1 suppose ; but whose choice ?— Pick-
Me-Up.
He— What was the object of Mrs. Eimore
changing the furnishings of her dining-room?
She— To harmonize with the new cook's
dresses.— Buffalo Times.
Jaggs— What is the best day to get married
on?
Snaggs— The 366 th day of the year.— Adams
Freeman.
"Your husband painted the house himself
this spring, didn't he?" asked one of her
neighbors.
"Well, yes." was the wife's answer; "l sup
pose he got some of the paint on the house,
but you wouldn't think so U you could see his
clothes."— Buffalo News.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
The average hotel proprietor and clerk will
tell you these days that It beats the world how
many loungers there are at the hotels, who do
not stop there, and who are in no way con
nected with tbe hostelries. Many of these peo
ple kindly have their mall come in care of tho
hotels, and it is a good part of the clerk's job
to answer inquiries from these "patrons."
The hotel people call men of this class
"chair boarders," because all they do is to hold
down the choirs at the hotels. Not a few of
them have divers schemes on foot for winning
a useful dollar from the guests.
All the principal hotels have their full
quota of the chair-boarders. There are no ex-
ceptions. For a year or two during the dull
I times the seats at the hotels have been partic
ularly crowded. It may be thought tbat the
gentlemen from tbe outside only linger within
j in profusion during rainy weather, but rain
or shine they are always on hand, and can be
fully depended on.
The other day the manager of one of the
leading hotels, in answer to a request that he
point out somebody who had some news, said
in disgust, as he waved his hand down two
long rows of men who occupied chairs :
"These men you see are all chair-boarders,
ana have drifted in from the street. Just wait
till I count them and you will get an Idea how
It is. On that side are eleven outside men
occupying the entire eleven chairs, and on the
other side the entire eight yon see sitting are
also men who are not registered here. The
guests are forced to stand up in the corridors.
What do you think of that for a hotel for
which you've got to pay a rent of $50,000 a
year?"
But Stephen Brodie, the hero of that great
play, "On the Bowery," got in and asserted
himself yesterday at one of the hotels, to wit,
the Baldwin, and there was in consequence a
scattering such as was extremely gratifying to
the attaches.
"How many of you people ain't got no
homes?" inquired Mr. Brodie, as he got out in
the rotunda and gazed at the long line of self
appointed customers who do not pay.
There was some ducking of heads, and
come shambling pretense at letting other fel
lows reply. Nobody did reply, in fact, hut
gradually the crowd filed away, possibly con
templating the lines,
"They do such things and they say such
things
On the Bowery."
INDIAN SUMMER.
They call it "Injun summer" — can't see the reason
why,
When it's stiller than a funeral In the brown wort*
an' the sky,
An' the Tallin' of a feather makes you start an'
stare aroan'.
An' the wm'iess woodlan's shiver when a acorn
dents the grouu'.
Ain't a Injnn In It—
Nary—naryN ary— nary one 1
If they wuz he'd give a yell—
Scalp things, an' be done.
They call It "Injun summer"— can't seethe reason
why.
When the river In a whisper goea stealin'—
at fa! In' by:
When the lonesome leaves air Its tenln' fer the win'
that's lost away,
An' the clouds air drlftln' lazy in the bine seas of
the day.
Ain't a Injun in It—
JCary— nary one,
Or he'd take a tomahawk —
Scalp things, an' oe done.
Frank I* Stanton in Chicago Timea-Herald:
LADY'S CAPE WITH SQUARE
COLLAR.
This stylish cape is mnde with a round yoke,
which allows the cape itself to be cut very full.
Over this is a collar cut square, while the neck
is finished by a full ruche.
Charming combinations are possible in such
a garment, and when made to match a costume
the effect is decidedly "chic," as, for instance,
a gown of mixed novelty goods, of which the
tone was myrtle green, but which was a harmo
nious bleuding of many colors, with a dash
now and then of rose color predominating,
had a cape oi the goods with squnre collar and
ruche of greeu velvet and an niner ruche as
5 .* ruffl e around tho collar of green
chiffon to pifttch, with another ruche of rose
colored chiffon inside of the collar
A cape of black velvet with a collar of
guipure in light twine color was very dressy
A cape of novelty goods in many colors, sub
d,ueAby w* fringe of black °ver all; had a con£
bJ»id£j. hCaVlly coyered wlth black
PEOPLE TALKED ABOUT.
Msarten Maartens, who is at present on &
visit to England, has completed a short story
of 20,000 words.
Americus Symmes. 85 years old, has Just
ded at Louisville, Ky. He was a son of John
Cleve Bymmes, who maintained that tho world
was hollow, and that the entrance to the in
terior would bo found at tbe poles
Baron Rothschild maintains as his pet char
ity the largest school in the world. It is in
the east end of London, and has 3500 scholars
recruited from the poorest class of Russian
Hebrews, with 100 teachers to instruct them
Breakfasts are provided each morning for the
pupils, and each child is given a suit of clothes
and two pairs of shoes yearly.
France's Soctete dcs Gens de Lettres baa a
woman for is oldest member. She is Mme.
dv Bos d'Elbecq, born in May, 1799, who wrote
a number of novels in the 'forties. She lives
at Angers, and still writes vigorous letters to
the newspapers.
PERSONAL
Richard S. Post of Fowler is in the City.
Senator J. H. Shine of Sonora is in town.
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose is at the Palace.
H. L. Sargent of London arrived hero yester
day.
L. L. Holt of San Luis Oblspo is on a visit
here.
E. B. Law, a banker oi Woodland, is at the
California.
Robert Catten, a sugar-planter of Hawaii,
is in the City.
C. M. Talcott, a leading citizen of Omaha,
Nebr., is in town.
J. P. Conway, a business man of Los Angeles,
is at the Baldwin.
District Attorney W. F. Cochrane of San Ra
fael is in the City.
W. B. Ayre. a wealthy resident of Portland,
Or., is in the City.
H. G. Balfour-Vicuclla of New Zealand Is a
receut arrival here.
Dr. and Mrs. w. R. Cochrane of Philadelphia
are at the Baldwin.
K. E. Kelly, a wealthy business man of Wil
lows, is at the Russ.
John W. Mitchell, an attorney of Loi An
geles, is In the City.
W. J. Deater and daughters of Madera are at
the Cosmopolitan HoteL
Marlon Bigg?, the well-known resident of
Gridley, is at the Grand.
Andrew Moore, a sugar-planter of the Ha
waiian Istands, is in town.
A. B. Wood of the firm of Waterhouee A Co.,
Hawaii, Is at the Occidental.
Alderman Rudden of Liverpool, Eng., is
among the arrivals at the Palace.
The Rev. R. M. Mesfrees of Monterey is
among the arrivals at the Baldwin.
Professor B. C. Brown of Stanford University
la registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. L. F. Harvey and Miss Harvey of Buffalo,
M. V., are among the recent arrivals here.
Dr. George Hobart, one of the leading physi
cians of Honolulu, arrived here yesterday.
R. S. Odle and C. S. Schankleton, of Lafayette
and Affiva, lnd., respectively, are at the Occi
dental.
Edgar L. Lewis of the firm of Lewis & Co.,
Honolulu, arrived yesterday morning oa the
Australia.
Colonel G. W. Macfarlane, proprietor of the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel, Honolulu, is at the
California.
R. D. Weeks, a prominent business man of
Albuquerque, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel
with his son.
E. R. Hutchtns, an extensive dealer at Chi
cago in California dried fruit, is among the
arrivals here.
George Buckner, a wealthy mining man of
Siskiyou County, is registered at, the Cosmo
politan HoteL
Among the latest arrivals at tho Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are Mrs. C. F. Keelc and daughter
of Sonora, Cal.
Alexander Young, owner of the Honolulu
Iron Works, Hawaii, arrived here on the Aus
tralia yesterday.
Captain John C. Clunie of Hawaii, who is
one of tbe early settlers in that country, and
long interested in sugar-growing, is at the
Occidental.
John Breslln, a well-known wholesale
liquor man of Philadelphia, is visiting friends
im town. He will remain on this coast for a
month or two.
Lorenzo H. Sweeney of Dodge, Sweeney &
Co. has returned from an extended tour of
East after an absence of several weeks, and
has taken up his home at San Rafael.
J. W. Camden Jr. of Kentucky, son of United
States Senator Camden of Virginia, Is here on a
business trip. He thinks Kentucky, West Vir
ginia and Maryland will go Republican.
W. F. McMlllen, general agent of th« Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, with
headquarters at Salt Lake, arrived here yes
terday, after several weeks in the Hawaiian
Islands.
Major W. P. Hooper of the Occidental, who
l^ft here several weeks ago because of
pneumonia, is now sojourning quietly at the
Westminster Hotel, Los Angeles. His health
has materially improved, but he will remain
some time yet in Southern California.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Sept. 16.— San Francisco
folks here are: F. A. Bobbins at the Astor;
K. Maddox, Holland; Mrs. Bixler, Westmin
ster; L. C. Strauss, Norman die; D. McCnl
lough, C. H. Corbett <«nd wife, Metropole; Rev.
J. Hemphill and wife, Mrs. A. Hosley, F.
Jenks, Mrs. L. Jenks, Gilsey; J. C. James,
Broadway Central.
Strong hoarhound candy, 15c. Townsend's.*
Spkctal information dally to manufacturers
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mother — What is the matter, my dear? Why
are you crying?
Harry (between sobs)— l left my m'lasses
canay on that chair, and the deacon's a-settin'
on it.— Harper's Bazar.
■ Are lon Going .East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Pa
route— la the coolest and most comfortable sntn
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families becaosn or i:s palace draw,
log-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable boar and in
Charge of attentive conductors ano porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market, street, Chroa
lcle building. Telephone, Mala 1631. Oakland.
1118 Broadway.
9 »
Great Bock Island Route Playing Cards.
Send 12 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C K. L and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid.
Orders containing 60 cents In stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
Dr. Siegert"s Angostura Bitters possess an ex
quisite flavor aad are a sure preventive for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
Whes your food has no relish the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dose
or two oi Ayei*s Pi!ls.
Politics and Wool
iresno Republican.
A wool-buyer in Sonoma County it making
contracts to pay 5 cents a pound for wool if
Bryan is elected and 9 cent* if McKinley is
elected. This gives tne suffering grower assur
ance of a fair price for his product.
row to-pat. _.__■
_^m^. %a6ii JB^m JvEft
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
A cream of tartar baking powder. Highest , O«
all in leavening strength.— latett United State*
Government Food Report. vJ-y,
\ Royal BAKINQ POWDKB CO., > ew X orb /
--.•- -. • - -:■-- ■ ■ ■' ■ r .'■THUB3DAY SEPTKMBER 17, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
BAM>TrTir Thkaticb.— "Madame Sam Gene."
California Theater,— " On the Bowery." .
Columbia Theatke- "A Matrimonial Maze."
■obosco's ci KKA-liousK— -The Danger^Unal"
Tivoi-i CpjtPA-HonsK -Hansel and GreteL '
Obphkuji— Hi h-aas3 Vaudeville. •
-AICA7AE Theater.- "Ours."
Y. M. C. A. Ahditoktum. corner Mason and Kills
Elree-.s-Lincoin and Laughter, Friday evening
feeptember 18.
ttiTßo Baths— Bathing and performances.
tH l c ,0T the Chutes— Dally at iiai«ht street,
eec block east of the Park.
, ,S ! ,F , H SICB ' iNSTiTrxs: rAvnioN-Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition.
picnics and excursions.
Fishins Excursion— To Cordell Banks, Satur-
day, September 19.
Family Kxcumiox— Camp Taylor, Sunday,
September 20. -"' *
Kxcubsios— To the Golden Gate, Sunday, Sep-
tember 20. __________'
AUCTION bALES.
By E. S. BrKAB * Co.— day (Thursday),
Bicycles, at 31-33 Setter street, at Vi, o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Thursday— Local Forecast Official A G.
UcAdie.
To-night will be known as Irish night at the
Mechanics' Fair.
Captain Holland, the well-known mariner,
vas drowned at sea.
Opening of the old St Mary's Church bazaar
ou the Mission road.
The Populist Municipal Convention con
tinued its labors last evening.
Orders have been issued to complete the
\ alley road into Fresno at once.
The First Congregational Church is to be
opened lor services next Sunday.
A number of Japanese students are about to
join the ranks of the local Socialists.
An attempt was made early yesterday morn
ing to set fire to the saloon at 311 Bush street.
The Supreme Court has granted John W.
Howell's application for a writ cf habeas
corpus.
The Italian colony Is preparing to celebrate
the anniversary of the taking of Rome next
Bun day.
The decision in the County of Sacramento
vs. E. P. Colgan, State Controller, has been
affirmed.
The mass-meeting under the auspice? of the
Silver Committee filled Metropolitan Temple
last evening.
Simon Finn, an oiler employed at the
Geary-street carhouse, was crusned to death by
& car yesterday morning.
Mrs. Tiedetnann of 129J^ Clara street is re
jorted to be slowly dying of cancer and with
out any medical attendance.
All the preparations for an elaborate outing
by the journeymen butchers to San Jose next
Sunday have been completed.
Emnia Ashley's trial for shooting at Lucky
Baldwin in Judge Slack's courtroom began
yesterday before Judsre Buhrs.
The Health Department issued a mani
festo to the public regarding the house to
house inspection last evening.
The anniversary of Mexico's independence
was celebrated lßst evening at the Home
Industry Exposition at the Pavilion.
Great preparations are being made for the
second annual meeting ot the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club at Ingleside next month.
Supervisor King states that work on the new
municipal building will begin early in October,
and explains the reason for the delay.
The Police Commissioners met last night
and fined Nicholas O'Neil of Company B $50
ior drinking in a saloon while on duty.
Benjamin Moore, 53 years of ace. committed
ruicide last evening in his home, 2035 Sacra
mento street, by inhaling illuminating gas.
O. W. Winthrop was yesterday found guilty
of robbing James Campbell, the Hawaiian
millionaire. He will be sentenced on Monday
next.
Ernest Barada und Bessie Brunson were ar
rested yesterday morning on the steamer
Fanta Rosa charged vriia burglary In Santa
Monica.
The Associated Clubs at a meeting held last
night unanimously agreed to fight the adoption
of amendment 1, better known as the mort
gage tax.
The Sportsmen's Association has bad a coc
ference witn the Attorney-General regarding
the right ot the State to obstruct navigable
waterways.
The Sanitary Reduction Works of San Fran
cisco filed articles of incorporation yesterday
and will erect a crematory and reduction
works at once.
The foundation for the Maria Kip Orpnanage
has been laid and the contractors will have
the structure ready for occupancy by the first
of the new year.
Hobbs, Wall & Co's box factory on Spear
street was destroyed by fire yesterday morn
ing and the old watchman, Captain Ros«, per
ished in the flames.
The Buckleyites applied to the Supreme
Court for a writ of mandate compelling Regis
trar Hinton to file its municipal ticket. An
alternative writ was granted.
Judge Coffey yesterday fined Attorney J. P.
Langhorne $100 for contempt in having
slapped the face of Attorney W. U. H. Hart in
his courtroom on Tuesday last.
Charles KrausgriH, a boy of 11 years, who
has been at the Key. Mr. Carman's training
home, was returned to his mother because he
refused to eat unless taken back to her.
The Bnckleyite Democrats have petitioned
the Supreme Court for a writ of mandate com
pellintt the Registrar to place the names of
their candidates upon the official ballot.
Council No. 1 of the American Protective
Association coincidently celebrated the third
anniversary of its organization and of the in
stitution of the order on the Pacific Coast.
The Ohio Republican Club has been organ
ized. There are 1400 natives of Ohio in this
City, and it in expected that the membership
of the club will be very large and representa
tive.
A non-partisan convention will meet next
Saturday evening, to nominate a local ticket.
The convention will consist of fifty delegates
appointed by the Non-Partisan County Com
mittee.
Yesterday hundreds of pupils of the public
schools visited the home-industry exposition
at the Pavilion and to-day the pupils of the
Catholic parochial schools will attend the ex
position.
Hannah Landridge, who pleaded guilty In
Judge Belcher's court yesterday to grand lar
ceny, got helplessly drunk while in the cus
tody of Deputy Sheriff Appel after being taken
from court.
The Mexican people of this City celebrated
the eighty-sixth anniversary of the independ
ence of Mexico yesterday. In the evening
there were musical exercises and a grand ball
at various nails.
Hannah Landridge, who stole $390 lrom
Felix Bush, a farmer, on April 17, declared
yesterday that she lied when at that time sbe
said she did not give any of the stolen money
to Policeman Rourke.
Judge Sanderson yesterday decided that the
fee bill of 18SJ5 applies to ban Francisco, and
repeals the fee btli of 1866, which allows suc
cessful litigants to collect 5 percent of their
judgment in their con bill.
Leland Stanford Camp Xo. 2, Republican
Army and Navy League oi California, last
evening enthusiastically Indorsed the can
didacy of Hon Thomas B. O'Brien, nominee for
Congress from the Fourth District.
Brainard N. Rowley, publisher of the Cali
fornia Fruit-Grower, announces himself as a
sound money man. He does not believe that
the country is in a condition to afford trying
hazardous experiments in finance.
The Pacific Fruit Company, Bansome street,
between Merchant and Washington, is no
more, and the proprietor for the short two
months of its existence is missing, while con
fiding producers in the country ara sorrowing
over the los« of about $1500.
Epifcopal bishops from several of the West
ern States ore to hold a week's Informal con
ference in this City, beginning about the end
of this month, the purpose of the meeting be
ing to Increase the efficiency of the Church
In viuity School at SanMateo.
Tnomas V. Cator, candidate for United
States Senator, clearly has the Democrats in
the door. Tne I'opulists consented to fusion
with the Democrats. Mr. Cator has the nomina
tion of the Populisis for United States Senator,
a nd he expects that the Democrats will loyally
support him. An interview with Mr. Cator
appears in another column.
The Supreme Court handed down a decision
yesterday in the cases of the hold-over county
officers of San Francisco, who are found to be
the District Attorney, Siieriif. County Clerk,
County Recorder, Coroner und Public Admin
istrator. Justice Temple wrote a disputing
opinion, in which Chief Justice JJeatty con
curred. The municipal officers not named in
the foregoing will be voted for at the gen
eral election.
CAPTAIN HOLLAND
DROWNED AT SEA
Knocked Overboard During
a Gale by the Main
Sheet.
SCHOONER BACK IN PORT
Superintendent Tabrette of the
Risdon Iron Works Takes
a Slide.
ARRIVAL OF THE AUSTRALIA.
Two Invalids Came Up en Her From
the Hawaiian Islands for
Treatment.
Tne Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday |
with the following passengers:
M. V. Andrews. A. F. Alvarez, Miss Martha
Beckwith. Miss Bolton, Miss Boyer, Hon. H. P.
Baldwin, Dr. W. R. Cochranc and wife, Mrs.
Carroll, Miss Carroll, Miss G. Carroll, Captain
J. C. Cluney, Robert Catton, Captain D'A'i
bertis, S. H. Davis, W. P. Eichbaum, Miss Kate
Gray, Mrs. Eleanor Graham and two children,
Dr. G. Herbert, wife and two children,
Mrs. T. E. Hobron, A. Homer, Miss M. L. Kil
ner, Edgar Lewis, John Landers; George Mao
larlane, wife and child; B. T. McCulloch, \V.
F. McMillan. J. T. McGrew, A. Moore, \V. G.
Ogg and wife, Rev. S. S. Palmer, Mrs. Renjes
and child, Miss Leslie Wight. W. Whitney,
Miss A. R. Whitney, H. F. Wichman, W. R.
Whittier, A. B. Wood, F. Weber, E. C. Winston,
A. Youiik. Captain E. Rice, Mrs. C. L. Wight,
Wilder Wight, Captain McPftail, wife and four
children.
Two invalids were among those on
board, and twice did the ambulance make
a voyage to the vessel. On the first occa
sion Mrs. Eleanor Graham was taken
away in a private ambulance. While on
one of the inter-island steamers she made
a misstep and, falling over a chair, in
jured her spine. Physicians at Honolulu
recommended her removal to San Fran
cisco for treatment. Two doctors were at
the steamer to meet the invalid and she
was given the best of care.
Late in the afternoon another ambu
lance put in an appearance on the wharf.
This time it was Boatswain "Tom" Rhodes
who was carried off the steamer. It came j
from the United States Marine Hospital
and a number of tne crew carried the
stretcher on which the injured man lay '
from the ship to the ambulance. There '
was not- the same ceremony as In the case j
of the wealthy cabin passenger, but j
Boatswain Tom was as carefully handled |
as any injured man who ever left a ship.
Chief Officer Lawless looked after all the
details.
The accident to Boatswain Rhodes hap
pened in Honolulu. He was working
around the winch and his right foot got
caught in the machinery, crushing the
ankle. It will be months before he will
be able to be about again.
J. W. Smith, second engineer of the
Australia, was treated to a surprise when j
the vessel reached Honolulu. He found a
bouncing baby eirl two days old and his !
wife well and hearty awaiting him. The
little one is to be christened Ethel Austra
lia.
H. C. Tabrette, marine superintendent of
the Risdon Iron Works, had an experience
last night into which he intends initiating
every frierrd of his on the Pacific. Chief
Engineer Little of the Alameda showed
him last Tuesday nieht the home of the
sliding stairs, the electric button, the easy
chair and the living pictures. By the
time Tabrette and Little had bumped !
down two nights of stairs, had been intro
duced to the electric needle and had the
wall of living pictures fall on them the
former thought it was time to go home.
"Yesterday Tabrette did the water front in
a baggy, but nevertheless insisted that he
\ras well and hearty. He denies emphat
ically that he ate with relish a sandwich
made with soap substituted for cheese.
In spite of the fact that their schooner
has been seized and is now in the hands of
the United States Marshal the South San
Francisco Packing Company yesterday
paid off the hunters and sailors in full. A.
P. Lorentzen, the agent, did not want to
pay the men their money until the case
was decided in the United States courts,
j but President* Nonnenmann thought dif
ferently. Tne Jane Gray took 451 skins off
the Japan coast and 257 in the Bering Sea.
The captain, owners and crew assert that ;
the latter were taken with spear--, but the i
revenue officers say they wera taken with
guns against the law. The men were
nearly all on a "lay," that is, their pay
would be so much on each skin taken.
President Nonnenmann set the value of
all the skins taken at $8 each and much to
their surprise the men were paid on that
valuation. Xearly all the skins have been
shipped to England.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Yaquina had a narrow escape on her trip
from Puget Sound to Sao Francisco. She
was niue days netting here, and some
anxiety was felt on her account It now
transpires that a leak caused all tne trou
ble. At one time it was thought the Ya
quina was linking, and the boats were
swung out in readiness for lannching.
The men had their belongings packed,
and the steamer was run inshore. After
jettisoning some of the coal cargo the leak
wa« overcome, and a fresh start was made
for this port.
The new steamer for the Humboldt Bny |
Steamship Company is rapidly neanng
completion. Bendixsen is rushing the
'work and at the same time makir.g an ex
cellent job of it. 'When launched it is
asserted by experts in Eureka that the
new craft will be one of the handsomest
and best equipped on the coast. She will
be towed to San Franci«co, and her ma
chinery will be put in by the Fulton Iron
Works. She will probably be launched
about the middle of next month, and will
bave her trial trip early in November.
Two schooners put bacK last night and
both reported heavy weather and disaster.
On the 7th mat. the Norman Sunde was
caught in a gale and had her rudder-head
broke. She had to make port again un
der great difficulties. Repairs will be
made and another start for the codfishinc
banks mad*.
On the 16th inst. Captain Holland of the
Ivy lost his life. It happened at 9:30 a.
m. and the schooner was twenty-eight
miles southwest of the Farallon'es. A
strong northwest gale was (lowing and
the fair lead of the main sneet carried
away. Captain Holland was struck by the
sail and went overboard. A heavy sea
was running, but nevertheless a boat was
lowered and search made. No trace of the
master could be found, so Mate McDon
ald hrough t the Ivy back to port. Captain
Holland was well known in nautical cir
cles, having come to this port from Aus
tralia several years ago.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
Dunflon in ballast from Victoria, B. C,
and the Schiller from Dunkirk. Both
vessels ara chartered to load wheat.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
The Now Building Will Be Finished by
the First of the Year.
Keating <fc Leonard, contractors for the
erection of the Maria Kip orphanage in
the Richmond district, have the founda
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 189(5.
tion for the three-story building down
and will push the construction so that it
will be handed over to the directors by
the first of January, 1897.
The foundation is of concrete and the
stiucture will be of brick, with stone fac
ings, and when finished will be au orna
ment to the Richmond district. The build
ing proper will contain sixty rooms, with
a large-sized lot on the north for a recrea
tion grounds for the children.
The er.tire property purchased for the
orphanage is 700 feet in frontage on Sev
enth avenue by 100 feet on Sacramento
street, 175 feet of which will be covered by
the building. The remaining portion will
be beautified and made into a pleasure
ground for the inhabitants.
The "Little Jim" annex to the Chil
dren's Hospital, the giit of Mrs. Hearst,
is nearins its completion and will have the
roof on in the course of a few weeks. On
the whole, Richmond is in the van of gen
eral improvements with bright prospec.s.
OLYMPIC DIRECTORS.
Installation of the New Board of Offi
cers— t xpeniei Will lie Re
duced.
The newly elected directors of the
Olympic Club were installed last evening
in the presence of about one hundred
members.
George E. Newhail. the president-elect,
said that he did not spprove of the propo
sition to assess the members so ttiat the
club could have sufficient money on hand
to delray tne expenses which will be at
tached to several contemplated improve
ments in the building which ars very
necessary.
Mr. Newhail thought that by reducing
the running expenses of the club sufficient
money will soon be on hand to cover
whatever expenses may be incurred in
improving the bathing department, etc.
It is thought that the salaries of the
employes will be reduced and that the
services of the caretaker of the outdoor
grounds will be dispensed with.
Among others who spoke on the past
and future of the club were F. Eaton, the
ex-president; H. B. Russ, H. P.Taylor, 0.
i P. Morse, F. McLennan and Joseph Kelly.
It was stated that Frank Vail, who was
one of the newly elected officers, handed
in his resignation yesterday.
Tne directors appointed several com
mittees last evening while in session.
THE THIRD ANNIVERSARY
Council No. I of the A. P. A.
Has a Celebration of
Organization
Addresses Were Made to a Large
Audience, and There Were Other
Exercises.
The third anniversary of the organiza
tion of Council No. 1 of the American Pro
tective Association was celebrated last
Tuesday evening at Metropolitan Hall,
when a mass-meeting was held. The at
tendance was large.
All over the auditorium the National
flag was displayed. The rostrum was
handsomely and appropriately decorated.
President Washburn of Council No. 1 pre
sided.
"Father Yorke says that the A. P. A.
are all dead," remarked Mr.' Washburn,
"but this gathering does not look much
like it. I wish that Father Yorke were
here to-night to see this assemblage of
American citizens. In three years this
organization, beginning with a small nu
cleus, has grown to a membership of 50,000
members in California and of these 20,000
are in this City. We will prove that we
are very much alive before the election is
over."
The address of the evening was made by
State President B. F. Hudelson. He
called attention to the lact that Council
No. 1 was the first organization of the
order to be formed west of the Rocky
Mountains. Every State and Territory
west of the Rocky Mountains has been or
ganized thoroughly with local councils
during the past three years. The A. P. A.,
he said, was a political body representing
everything that is Dure and right. It
stands for liberty and will some day re
ceive the credit of having saved the
Nation.
After some discussion of recent ad
dresses by Archbistiop Riordan and
Fattier Yorke, President Hudelson spoke
of the attitude of the Catholic church
toward parochial schools, as indicated by
press dispatches from St. Louis. Then he
said:
"Our public schools are the pride of our
Nation, the bulwark of our republic, and
the American Protective Association does
not propose to keep silent on this question.
Our Catholic friends pretend to believe in
the public schools and expect us to believe
that they do because they pay their taxes.
But the truth is they have "to pay their
: taxes to save their pro, erty from being
sold by the Sheriff. The fact that they
believe their own school system is para
mount to ours is sufficient evidence for us
to believe that they would supplant theirs
for ours if they could do so. So we are not
surprised to find their clergy legislating
against our schools.
"The American Protective Association
stands for all that is grand, pure, true,
elevating, enlightening and belptul in
American politics. We do not claim to be
infallible — -the best of us will make mis
takes—but our organization aims to keep
its ranks free from all contagion. I just
want to aid this: That you will never
settle this great labor problem and the
other questions that are agitating the Na
tion until a law is passed stopping this
indiscriminate immigration that is dealing
deathlike blows to the Nation. The
American Protective Association fir3t
sounded the danger alarm to the Nation
on this question."
Addresses we also made by Major Ryan
I of Ohio. Captain A. X, Spear. H. V. C.
Swain and Mrs. M. A. Richardson, State
president of the Women's American Pro
tective Association. Miss Sybil Campbell,
Miss Boyd, Professor J. C. Darnell of Oak
land and Miss Warner took part in a mis
cellaneous programme of exercises.
Hard On Smokers.
General Weyler's decree stopping the
exportation of tobacco suitable for wrap
pers compelled American cigar manu
facturers to use the dark Havana wrap
pers heretofore discarded. Dark cigars,
as every physician knows, contain as
much as 10 per cent nicotine poison, caus
ing that feeling of nervousness and nausea
paralysis. A smoker using twenty mild
cigars will not, be affected thereby ati much
as if smoking one strone cigar. A mild
cigar — brand, Half-Million (Jlub — is now
on sale in every cigar place. Sold for 10
cents/ It is as fine a cigar as the best
Havana tiller and hand workmanship can
make it; very mild, agreeable and sweet
as a nut. Try the Half-Million Club
cigar. Manufactured by H. C. Nolan & Co.
Adelsdorier & Brandenstein, wholesale
distributors.
Suit for Back Alimony.
Julia Scott O'Brien, who wai divorced from
Michael O'Brien in July, 1895, and awarded
$<jO per month alimony and $400 counsel fees,
has sued her ex-husband for $ 1185, claimed to
be due for nnpaid nllmony. O'Brien is alleged
to be the owner of some property at Fifteenth
and Koe streets which stands in the name of
Jnlia Latimer. alias Julia Swansen, ana Mrs.
O'Brien seeks to have the title fo fixed that
she may levy on it to get the money said to be
due.
Old Dutch, bojr, Japanese, gray and English
oaks, plain mat gilts, while and genii, Spanish
cedar, curly redwood and raw chestnuts are
tne proper things in picture frames. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. have them all at the very lowest
prices. •
NODE OTHER CAN
APPROACH IT
The Pacific Coast Club's
Track at Ingle
side.
SECOND ANNUAL MEET.
It Will Be the Greatest Racing
Season Ever Seen In
This State.
EASTERN HORSES COMING.
The New ani Beautiful Cub House
Will Be Thrown Open for the
First Time.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Clab will begin
its second annual meeting at Ingleside on
the afternoon of October 28, and there is
every indication in the reports received by
Secretary Leake from such turfmen as
Ullman, Schreiber, Rees and Corrigan
that it will be the greatest race meet ever
?een in this State and beyond a question
the biggest winter meeting ever held in
the United States.
Nothing has been spared to make Ingle-
President A. B. Spreckels.
side track an ideal one, not only for rac
ing but for beauty, and it is to-day not
only a perfect garden spot, shaded by
palms and outlined with shrubbery, but it
is beyond doubt the best winter track in
the world.
A picturesque driveway, bordered by
tall and pungent-smelling eucalyptus
trees, leads from tlic Ingleside Inn to the
grand stand and clubhouse, the latter a
structure after the old mission style, with
a Venetian architectural effect.
The simple and powerful arcades of the
ground floor, with its arched openings
and ample abutments, are in a measure
contrasted by the wide and spacious
porches and balconies of the first and sec
ond floors topped in belvedere fashion.
To obtain a picturesque skyline the cen
tral portion of the building rises one story
higher above the belvederes of the east
and west porches and is crowned by a
large projecting cornice. Tne Spanish
tile roof of this central feature adds to
the entire impression of simplicity. The
balconies of the first floor and the large
arched opening of the second floor gives
the composition the Venetian effect and
makes the clubhouse a picturesque object
from any point of view.
The building is located 154 feet west of
the grand stand and is connected with it
by a two-story colonade, which will be
continued west of the clubhouse to form a
connection with the railroad station. The
building has a frontage of 95x'J5 feet. Its
Secretary "W. S. Leake.
foundation is of concrete and the upper
structure of wood, plastered on the out
side on galvanized fron-wira laths to ftive
the building the finish of the old mission
architecture.
The ground floor has storerooms in the
rear and open arcades in f:ont, forming
the passage from the railroad station to
the grand Bland. The main entrance
steps to the building are located on the
southeast corner and connected with the
portccochere, which is elaborately con
structed with large columns and Spanish
tile roof. These steps lead to a fourteen
foot-wide roomy porch, which extends
along the entire south and east fronts,
givine a magnificent view of the entire
track. This porch and the corresponding
one above on the second floor will not be
the least of the club's attractions during
the racing season. The porch is easily
accessible from within by large double
swinging doors from the hall- and lobby.
The general sitting-room has a frontage
ot 34 feet, facing the tract, by 20 feet deep,
all linisbed in wood, with wainscoting,
picture-molding, cornices and large brick
fireplace 9 feet wide, arranged to receive
a large log fire. To the right of the lobby
is a parlor 14 feet square and to the left
the office, 14 by 20 feet, with bay
window and connecting private rooms, all
facing the track, with a magnificent view
of the ocean.
The club bar is 14 by I'L feet, and con
nects with n lobby at the rear, having in
close connection store and serving rooms,
with dumb waiter and service stairs. A
toilet-room is conveniently lecated. All
the room* open into the central hall. A
wide stairway leads to the second story,
which is reserved for ladies. A 14-foot
wide porch along the entire south and
east front corresponds with the porch
below, being accessible from halls and
parlor, which ircnts on the track and is
34 by 'JO feet deep, well finished, with
large fireplace, to form a cheerful retreat
for the ladies. *
One dining-room is connected to the
right and two to the left of the parlor.
All rooms are supplied with ample win
dow space and bay-windows, giving a fine
view of the track and the ocean.
A spacious hall is located in the center
of the second door, and all rooms open
into same, with kitchen, serving-rooms,
serving-stairs, ladies' waiting and toilet
rooms in connection.
Great pains have been taken to prepare
the plans of this clubhouse, in particular
the arrangement of the rooms in regard
to the club's needs, which have been most
carefully attended to. All the latest
ideas and improvements will be applied
to the structure, making the clubhouse
one of the finest in the country.
The crand stand, betting-ring, paddock
and stables were modeled after the latest
design, and were built with a view of se
curing comfort, convenience and safety.
A perfect and unobstructed view of the
races can be had from any part of the
club's buildings and grounds.
The inside track has been specially pre
pared to accommodate those wishing to
view the races from tally-hos, carriages
and family vehicles.
Of the many approaches to the club's
grounds, one of the most popular is
through the world-famed Golden Gate
Park to the beac'i, thence down the ocean
boulevard to romantic Ingleside. For
natural beauty, variety, comfort and
pleasure this drive is unsurpassed in
America. The old Corbett and Alms
house roads have been thoroughly re
paired and are now most enjoyable drive
wivvs.
During the racing season three regular
trains will be run daily from the Southern
Pacific depot at Third and Townsend
streets direct to the clubhouse and grand
stand, returning at intervals of ten
minutes after the last race. This is a
quick and comfortable ride and is very
desirable, especially during stormy
weather. Tlie roadbed of the liission
streei electric-car line has been thoroughly
ballasted,- additional electric power added,
the transfer privileges extended, and dur
ing the afternoons of the racing season
throuch cars will be run direct to the
track at intervals of only three minutes.
three beautiful driveways, three
regular steam trains and electric-cars ruu
ninti every three minuted, no one should
rind fault with the facilities for going to
and from Inaieside.
In establishing this magnificent race
course at Ingleside the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club has expended in the purchase
of real estate, the erection of builoings,
improvements, wages, etc., the sum of
$540,375 85.
The grounds were fir«t opened to the
public on November 29, 1895, and during
the season of 1895-96 the association cave
ninety-six days' racing. It paid in stakes
and purses to the horsemen $261,805 50,
making a total expenditure of $802,181 35,
all of which was disbursed within tue
City and County of San Francisco.
This State and the horsemen of the
United States are indebted for this garden
spot racetrack to a small coterie of men
who love good, square racing. They
organized the Pacific Coast Jockey Club
and with their private means they built
the track. The association is presided
over by A. B. Spreckels, and \V. 6. Leake,
ex-Postmaster of Sacramento, is secretary.
WILL BUILD INTO FRESNO
Construction Work on the Valley
Road Ordered to Bs
Resumed
The Lioe Will Now Bs Rushed to That
Pomt — Passenger Business to
Begin on the First.
Orders have been issued by Chief Engi
neer Storey of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway Company to com
plete the road into the city of Fresno.
Operations were stopped about half a
mile north of Fresno owing to the obstruc
tionist tactics of a number of property
owners along the street through which the
line is to be built. They claimed their
holdings would be damaged by the con
tigmty of the railroad. Most of these
claims have now been adjusted, and but
three or four are in an unsettled condition.
But despite this it has been determined to
now complete the road into Fresno with
the utmost dispatch.
A Inrze force will be put at work to-day
and grading and track-laying will proceed
almost simultaneously. About a week will
be required to get things, into shape to
begin business into Fresno.'
At present the road is in operation only
as far as Patterson, about eighteen milts
north of Fresno. Freight will probably
begin to move into and out of Fresno by
the 25th inst and passenger traffic by the
Ist of October.
POSTPONED FIGHTS.
The Occidental and Armory Clubs Have
Made the Changes.
The Occidental Athletic Club managers
held a conference yesterday with the man
agers of the Armory Club, which resulted
in a change of the dates on which their
respective entertainments were to be held.
"ioung Mitchell, in behalf of the Occi
dental Club, asked for the change owing
to the fact that Tom Tracey, wno was
booked to fight George Green on the last
day of this month, is not feeling well, and
bis medical adviser stated that Tracey
cannot possibly he in condition for a
hard contest with Green unless he has at
least three weeks in which to train prop
erh\
The result of the conference is that the
Occidental Club has postponed its enter
tainment until the evening of October 9,
and the Armory Club exhibition of fisti
cuffs will take place about the middle of
October.
Tom Klppur Services.
The atonement services at the Geary-street
Temple commenced atC:3O yesterday evening.
They were verr beautiful and solemnly Im
pressive. Rabbi M. T. Levy preached the
atonement services at 7:15, his subject being
"Tne Watchword of the Age."
This morning's services begin at 7 a. jc. and
will be continuous during the day. At 10
o'clock special services are recited for the
souls of the departed of Israel. Special music
and sermon precede the memorial service. At
4:30 Rabbi Levy preaches the concluding ser
mon, and at sunset the fast will end.
Pranello Held to Answer.
Louis Pranello, the alleged strangler, was
yesterday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Low on a charge of assault to
commit murder. On the early morning of
September 31 Pranello was p.rrested in the act
of choking Birdie Ward, an inmate of aQuincy
place den. He had a dispute with the woman
on the silver question, resulting in the as
sault. The police at first thouuht they had got
the strangler, but were soon convinced of
their mistake.
HEW TO-DAT.
We are spending more
than our profits on Schil-
ling's Best tea to get you to
try it — just to try it.
Your money back if you
don't like it.
50c for Japan; 60 for
English Breakfast; 75 for
Oolong; 80 for Ceylon;
$1.25 for the Blend.
At grocers' in packages.
X Schilling * Company
San Francisco BS2
THE OLDEST MAN
ON MISSION ROAD
Views With Delight the
Lighting Up of St.
Mary's College.
UNIQUE CHURCH FAIR.
A Charity Entertainment for
the Benefit of a Worthy
Parish.
REV. P. D. BRADY'S FLOCK
Japanese Lanterns Strung in Fes
toons in a Grove of Trees
Light Up the Way.
John Resing is the oldest man, as well
as the oldest resident, on the Mission road.
He wants this to be distinctly understood,
and, as he stands on the porch of his home
and waves his arm as though outlining
the horizon, he says:
"There was nothing out here when I
built this home more than thirty-nine
years ago, and I have lived here ever
since."
Old man Resing is one of the early ar
rivals in this City. He reached here
aboard the steamer Panama on April 4,
1851, and his judgment of a good loca
tion for a home, founded after a half
dozen years' study, was the very site in
which he now lives.
"This reminds me of olden times," he
chuckled last evening, looking out and
over the grand scene before him. "There
is old St. Mary's College and its beautiful
grounds. When I came here it wasn't yet
built and the trees were not yet planted.
Look at it now. Isn't that beau til ul?"
As a matter of fact the scene was pos
itively lovely and inspiring. The old col
lege towered high above the pines and
eucalyptui trees far in the background.
The grove to be traversed before reaching
it was illuminated by thousands of Jap
anese lanterns strung in festoons, and in
light and airy costumes befitting -the
balmy atmosphere of the warm belt hun
dreds of young and pretty girls with at
tentive cavaliers promenaded, laughed,
chatted and generally made merry before
entering the portals of the old edifice,
where was being held the bazaar for the
benefit of the old St. Mary's parish.
Tne bazar opened last night and will
continue in vogue until tne night of
the 26th.
Father Peter D. Brady, who has gath
ered about him tne loveliest buds of his
parochial garden, has iniused into them
much of his bright nature and they have
managed to turn the somber hall of the
old college into a veritable poem of color
and bunting.
It is no wonder that old man Resing
stood back and chuckled with glee as he
gazed upon the merry scene before him.
"I remember," said he, "the day that
the closing exercises were held over there.
It was after the first six months the col
lege was running. There were 330 pupils
in attendance at the time and every
single one of them had a whole family
wishing to be present. There were no
streetcars then. Those who came here
had to either tramp over the sand dunes
from the City, come out horseback or in
wagons. This section was packed like
the main street of a mining camp, and I
remember well how everybody was
hungry.
"1 just swept the shavings out of my
house and laid out tables covered with
sandwiches for everybody to feait. Well,
they feasted, that's all I can say, and I
had to go without iiam and bread until
the old lady could bake again and buy
some more ham.- This crowd reminds me
of those old days of nearly forty years ago,
only the girls are prettier, the lads are
better dressed and they do not appear to
be so hungry."
"Come in off that porch John, you're
talking morns good lor you," came from
the inside where a dear old lady sat knit
ting beside ber lamp. John subsided.
tour decades ago Archbishop Alemany,
Father Gray and Father Brennan of the
old Mission Dolores church got money
enough together to build St. Mary's Col
lege. Father Gray wai president of the
institution for eight years, and was suc
ceeded by Father Brennan. The Christian
Brothers took charge twenty-four years
KEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LABEIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17,
IRELAND^ NIGHT.
Friday, September 18— Oakland Night; Reliance
Glee Club
Saturday, September 19— Berkeley Night; Fire-
men's Night
WHO FOR TOE WE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
Admission 35c, Children 15c.
OPKN DAK AND EVENING.
THE CHUTES !
TO-NIGHT! SPECIAL!
GRAND REPUBLICS RALLY!
Under the auspices of the
WEST END REPUBLICAN CLUB !
NOTE— This organization having secured the
Casino for this evening, the usual Theatrical Per-
formance will take place, Interspersed with Elec-
trical Illuminated Views, on the stage at the foot
of the lake. _ ;
GROUNDS AND CASINO FREE
FOR THIS OCCASION ONLY.
BrinO the Ladles: Bring the Ladles !
POPULAR RATES
TO CAMP TAYLOR 1
AMI If IPP For the ROUND TRIP;
INI W f Mil Children under 12, 40e.
Mil h| .0 %s** NEXT SUNDAY, Sept.
20. Two Special Trains leave Sausallto Ferry at
8 and 10 a. m. Every ticket guarantees a seat.
Tickets at Ferry Sunday, or at Locke's Office, 333
O'Farrell street, daily until 9 p. m. jos. Bertrand
will serve an extra dinner at nojn.
FRANK LINCOLN'S ENTERTAINMENT.
Y. M. C. A. Hall, Friday Ev'g, Sept. 18,
' Reserved seats on sale to-day and to-morrow at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store. Lower floor,
fl; balcony, 6o cents. *\j ; '
r_ KEW to- pat:
I That Pleasing j
| Paralyzing Pie!!
j8 How good it looks! How |>
(? good it is! ........ And how it V»
] 5 hurts. Why not look into the (i [
1 1 question of PHI after Pie? >
<? Eat your pie and take Ayer's Vi
]») * Pills after, and pie will please ( |
'!> and not paralyze. '
I AVER'S i
I Cathartic Pills i
<;; CURE DYSPEPSIA. \'>
a S ( !
ago until 1889. Two years ago they re
turned to the old college as a place of shel
ter, having been burned out in Oakland
in October, 1894. Three and a half years
ago Rev. Peter D. Brady left "Spanish
Town," orHalfmoon Bay, and took charge
of the parish, which is now holding the
bazaar for the purpose of raising funds so
as to build a church.
In addition to the other lovely booths
mentioned in yesterday's issue of The
Call, there was opened last evening the
soda fountain. This section of the hall is
a snowy white dream any explorer can
readily discover. It is presided over by
Mrs. Supple and Mrs. Captain Quinn, as
sisted by Miss Katie Supple, Miss Katie
Doyle and Miss Lizzie Mitchell.
The Mission-street cars will transfer
passengers ni«ht and day to the old col
lege grounds.
IfEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS."
AL HAYMAN & CQ.'S THEATERS.
18. at THE | I LAST 3mm
j Baldwin .t^S" v
THE ENGLISH VERSION
Of Sardou's Great Napoleonic Play,
1 MADAME S-A.2STS GENE"
(MADAME DON'T CARE),
With KATHRYN KIDDEK in the Title Role.
I-ast Presentation Will Occur
Next Saturday Kvening: Sept. 19.
Monday, September 21
Theater Closed for Two Weeks.
Monday, October 5 ■
"THE PBISO.NKK OF ZENDA."
i — 2d —
fi .AT THE « and
CALIFORNIA last WEEK.
I. AST. PERFORMANCES!
A TBUK PICTURK OF LIFE IN
GREATER NEW YORK. ' :>
"ON THE BOWERY"
withSTEVIEBRODIE
SEE THE FUNNY BOWERY
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— 26c to $1. Matinees — 25c. 60c and 75c
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Mks.Erx ink Srelino, Proprietor <fe Manager
Tli© Grand Opera Season
THIS EVEN-ING
Humperdinct's Fairy Opera, in Three Acts,
HMSEL AID. GRETEL!
Illustrated by
A SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA OF THIRTY.
Excellent Cast, Beautiful Scenery, Etc.
' NEXT WEEK— —
:;"• RETURN OF THE FAVORITES!
Monday THE HUGUENOTS
Tuesday ...... THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
Wednesday. ..;...AIDA
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
'-: :■ r !-• - ■. .
TRiCDLAfIQIR.C-OTTLQD «_OM.t»cs Ano ■• ■ .
NO I IN
MONEY i TOWN
WHAT'S THAT ?—
Come and See the Crowds .Laugh at
♦'A MATRIMONIAL MAZE!"
The Only Genuine Laugh- Provoker, by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
Next Monday— "lN SPITE OF AIL." 1
Another Great Success. . . .: :".J ;
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAITJSK MOROSCO, Sola Lessee aact Hanix*:
WON IMMEDIATE SUCCESS!
"THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. de Millc. author of "The Wife," "The
i Charity Ball," "Men and Women," eic.
A Play of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful Mechanical and Scenic Effects — A
■ Cannon - Fall Express Train — Giant
Rotary Snow Plow.
FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF
LOTTIE WILLIAMS - KD J. HERON
. In New Songa and Specialties.
Evening Prices— lOc, ago ami 500.
rt'FnrroU Street, lietweri Stockton and Pow«ll. . •
Week Commencing Monday. Sept. 14,
Note the New Celebrities!
J A.BIDXJT_,T_ I A.II I
Host raring Hicn-Wlre former in the World.
LEW HAWKINS ! MILK. ALMA!
Bellman ana Moore, Fiison and ■f-rroll, Vassar
Quartet, Marguerite Ferguson, Terry and Elmer,
Ferguson and Mack an i others.
. Reserved sears. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
Bk£asco, Doaxe & Jordas, li?sseej <fc Managers.
. An Ideal Performance 1 The Military Comedy,
"OURS," by the Alcazar Stock Company. *
On Saturday afternoon a Rose Matinee. Every lady
attending will be presented with a handsome rose.
Evening Prices— 15c, 25c, 35c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. 15c, 25a
and 35c. Telephone lilack 991.
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
To Witness MR. QHAS. CAVILL
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
Under the Auspices of the California
Swimming Club. • 
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which occasion the splendid large Ferry
Steamer NEWARK of the 8. P. Co. and . the
SAUSALITO of the N. P. C. R. R. Co. will take
excursionists to the Golden Gate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
union Around the Bay Will Be Made.
TICKETS 50c. , CHILDREN 25c.
. Steamers will leave their respective slips, foot of
Market street, at 2:30 p. x. .
I. H. GOODMAN'. F. B. LATHAM,
G. P. A., S. V. Co. U. P. A., N. P. C. R. H. Co.
FISHING EXCURSION
CORDELL BANKS
STEAM SCHOONER " WESTPOBT.V Asia_
Captain JACOBS, Master. &??t:-?9
$3-ROUND TFIP-$3. ; BAIT KhEtl.
Leave Mission No 1 at 11 o'clock p. m.,
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19.
Tickets for sale at W. H. NOLAN' 412 Market.
SUTRO BATHS.
■ ■ ... - ■ ■ -■■■-,'
. \ Open Dally from 7a. m. Until 11 p. v.
Concert Every Afternoon and Eveninr.
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children 5c
78
FOR SHOOTING AT
LUCKY BALDWIN
Emma Ashley Placed on
Trial Before Judge
Bahrs.
JURORS DISLIKE THE JOB
Expected Something of the Kind
Would Happen to
Baldwin.
THE HOLE IN THE WALL.
The Defendant Wears a Jaunty Ap
pearance, but Looks Extremely
Unhappy.
Emma A. Ashley, a distrautrht, dazed
and very unhappy looking young woman,
satin Judge Bahrs' court yesterday morn-
MISS LILLIAN ASHLEY, Who Is MISS EMMA ASHLEY, the Defendant, Who GENERAL FRIEDRICHS, the
Suing v Lucky " Baldwin. Took a Shot at the Millionaire. Defendant's Attorney.
ing on trial for having attempted to kill
Lucky Baldwin in Judge Slack's court
room in the closing days of the trial of her
sister's case against Baldwin.
Lillian Ashley, the plaintiff in the other
ca*e, sat with her. Both sisters have
spruced up considerably since their ap
pearance in the Police Court. The o!d
white straw hat has been discarded, and
in its place sits a rather tasty bit of mil
linery, characterized by a bright flower
and sprightly feather. Both were dressed
in the customary black, and Emma wore
a bunch of yellow marguerites at her
breast.
Emma sat through the day's proceed
ing with the dazed uninterested expres
sion that has characterized her since the
shooting. Only once the sisters spoke to
each other, and that was while the jurors
were examining the bullet which went so
close to its mark, and was afterward due
out of the plaster in the wail back of the
court reporter's table. Then they whis
pered a few words and E;nnia smiled.
Some difficulty had been experienced In
securing a jury, only nine men havin»
been secured as a result of Tuesday's
effort. The talesmen instead of being
found to be prejudiced against the de
fendant were objectionable to the prose
cution because cf a leaning the other
way. Some of them said they could not
but feel a sympathy for a woman in such
a case, and others always "expected some
thing of the kind would happen to Bald
win.
The jurors finally impaneled were: A
8. Perley, N. Davidson. J. G. Burke L
Krugen, D. Curry, D. W. Pringle, L. Q.
Flanaean, W. L. Groat C. Meier, J. M.
Willard, R. Rosenberg, M. Gately.
Assistant District Attorney Peixotto
conducted the case for the people and
General Robert A. Friedrichs defended the
accused. The jury by order of the court
went to Judge Siack's courtroom, the
scene of the shootine, and inspected the
hole in the wall where the bullet lodged,
and which has been carefully pasted over
with a piece of paper since trie incident
Judge Slack afterward took the witness
stand and told the story as he saw it and
substantially as he told it in the Police
Court. He said he thought the deJendant
was not of sound mind at the time of the
shooting.
A. T. Barnett, an attorney, was in Judge
Slack s court room at the time of the
shooting. He stood near the clerk's desk
and saw Miss Emma Ashiey sitting near
her sister at the counsel table. He saw
her rise and take a seat, on the bench out
side the railing, and afterward move again
to a chair near the railing and within a
few feet of Baldwin, She sat there some
few minutes and then rose to her feet
drew a revolver, and fired it toward Bald
win. She had great difficulty in rinne the
revolver, and had to apply both her hands
to it.
H. A. Unrnh, Baldwin's business mana
ger, told the story over again of how he was
attracted to the young lady by the firing
of the pistol and how he sprang up and
wrested the gun from her hands. Having
taken the revolver he allowed her to go
and did not notice her again until she
was in hysterics in the other end of the
room.
James R. McElroy, clerk in Judge
black s court, corroborated Judge Slack
Charles A. Lee, a reporter of the Report
interviewed the defendant in jail immedi
ately after her being booked there and
.ounii her apparently quite calm. She
said to him that it was God's will that she
had not succeeded in her attempt.
Other witnesses gave corroborative tes
timony identical with that given in the
Police Court. Mr. Hie h ton is the only re
maining witness to be produced by the
prosecution, and as he was absent the
case went over until to-morrow morning.
ARRESTED ON BOARD.
Two Santa Monicans Arrested on the
Steamer Santa Rosa in This Port
for Burglary.
Ernest Barada and Bessie Brunson, who
arrived on the Santa Rosa from Santa
Monica yesterday, were promptly arrested
on a wired dispatch from Sheriff Dexter
of the southern town, the charge being
burglary.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Sept 1&-On
Sunday last the residence of Charles
Fanetti was robbed here of $60 and two
gold watches and chains and two revolvers,
while his wife was absent for a few
moment. Ernest Barada, a barkeeper at
the Arcadia Hotel, who roomed there, but
left on the Santa Rosa on Monday morn
ing early with Bessie Brunson, a woman
of the town, was suspected, but the officers
failed to search him at the time, ana he
was allowed to ieave without search. The
police officials have been at work on the
case and claim to have conclusive evidence
of Barada's guilt, and in consequence
telegraphed to the San Francisco officials
to arrest them on their arrival. Barada
has a number of friends here who refuse
to believe him guilty.
GLAD TO GET HOME.
Young Charles Krausgrill Fasts Three
Days and at Last Gains Hig Point.
Secretary Welch of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, re
cently saw fit to place Charles Krausgrill,
a boy of 11 years, in the Rev. Mr. Car
man's training home. The boy missed
his mother, who keeps a bakery at 1322
Stockton street. In order that he might
return to her the lad refused to eat any of
the food provided for him by Messrs.
Welch and Carman. When he had kept
his self-imposed fast for three days his
condition became alarming. He wis re
turned to his mother, and has now been
with her some days, it is thought his
brief sojourn in , Mr. Carman's establish
ment will make him "toe the mark" for
th.- future.
AN IMPORTANT OPINION,
Judge Sanderson Says ths Fee
Bill of 1866 Is Repealed
by That of 1895.
Five Per Cent of a Judgment May No
Lrnger Be Charged in a
Cost Bill.
Judge Sanderson yesterday handed
down an opinion of great importance. He
says that the fee bill of 1866 has been re
pealed by the passage of the fee Dill of
1895.
The matter came up in the suit of James
K. Lynch vs. F. W. Kreling, et ai. The
plaintiff included in his cost bill 5 per cent
of a $2000 judgment rendered on a note,
claiming that be was auihorized to do so
under the fee bill of 1866, which was a
special legislative act, applicable only to
the City of San Francisco.
The defendant moved to strike out that
portion of the cost bill which included the
percentage, and Judge Sanderson granted
the motion, basing his action on the re
cent decision of the Supreme dourt in the
case of Miller vs. Curry, which is in effect
that the fee bill of 1895 is applicable to
this City.
His Honor holds that the fee bill of 1895
repeals the fee bill of 1866, including the
allowance of percentage on judgments to
be charged as costs. In his opinion he
says :
This percentage charge is in no sense either
a disbursement made or an expense incurred
by the plaintiff, but plainly and simply a pen
alty placed on any losing defendant who may
have the temerity to defend or litigate an ac
tion brought against him. I have always
thoueht it a most unjust and unreasonable
burden to impose as "costs" (to which it bears
no resemblance) on a party to an action, and
it is there :ore with no small degree of satisfac
tion that I find myself able to hold that the
obnoxous piece of legislation has been elimi
nated from the statutes.
Isham Acquitted.
William Isham was yesterday acquitted of
assault with Intent to commit murder by a
jury in Judge Belcher's court. Isham is a
street-car employe, who some time ago shot his
brother-in-law, E. C. Plum, another street-rail
way man, in tite iejr. The quarrel aro^e over a
family row That both are sorry it ever hao
pened was shown by the demonstration they
made when the verdict was rendered. The
br H th t rs ; ln ' law each feU into tb « other's armi
and shed tears. Afterward they departed hand
ill .Dun d.
O'Farrell I» Insolvent.
• J. J. O'Farrell was yesterday adjudged insol
vent by Judge S;ack. At a meeting of his cred
itors it was decided not to fight the matter
and when the case was called up, no exposition
being made, his petition was grantid*
The new line of ladies 1 purses, valises, card
cases, etc.. for fall trade have arrived and are
now on sale. San born, Vail & Co., 741 Market •
TmS gray inxAiyCISCO CAHIi, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
WINTHROP IS
FOUND GUILTY
End of the Trial of Banker
Campbell's Shrewd
Assailant.
THE CLOSING ARGUMENT
It Required but Five Minutes
for the Jury to Render a
Decision.
SCENES IN THE COURTROOM
The Prisoner's Wife Seriously Alarms
Mrs. Duntcn by Trying to
Follow Her.
Winthrop is guilty. E. L. Cutten, fore
man of the jury which tried him, so de
cided yesterday. "So say we all," echoed
the eleven other talesmen, and so ended
the most famous local criminal case oi
the year. It took the jury but five min
utes to decide the fat* of the man of
whom Banker James Campbell of Hono
lulu tells one of the strangest stories ever
related in a court of law.
From the first the conviction of the de
fendant was almost a foregone conclusion.
In addition to the efforta of the prosecu
tion Winthrop by his own actions contrib
uted to the verdict. The animosity which
he showed against Captain Lees and his
officers tended to redouble their efforts to
send him across the bay. Attorney Frank
Bell and his coadjutor did the best they
could for him, but they devoted their ef
forts almost entirely to an alibi, which
proved to have no foundation, and abso
lutely failed to disprove any of the allega
tions of the peopk-.
Yesterday's proceedings began with
Assistant District Attorney Black's reply
to the arguments of Winthrop's counsel.
There was a large crowd in attendance,
all seemingly anxious to be in at the
death. Winthrop s wife and mother-in
law occupied seats in the courtroom until
Mr. Black began his remarks, when Mrs.
Winthrop hurriedly quitted the apart
ment. She has borne up bravely and has
sought throughout to lend the comfort
and support of her presence to her hus
band; but when the Assistant District At
torney rose to say all the ill things that
the prosecution had to say oi her hus
band she could stand it no longer, and so
withdrew.
Mr. Black's remarks held everybody's
close attention. He combatted and ex
plained away almost every point made
by Bell against the statements of Camp
bell. He alleged that the defense bad
itseif added corroborative evidence to the
stories of Campbell's witnesses. They
a?™ KeenX een Winthrop near the cottage at
4109 California street at times when Camp
bell did not know he was there.
With regard to the alibi Winthrop
sought to establish, Mr. Black said that
he had evidently made himself conspicu
ous at the meetings in question, in order
to establish that alibi in case he should
be arrested.
As to Urquhart, the speaker contended
that Bell would "put hia foot in it" should
he undertake to prove that he had served
time in Canada. Bell, however, conten.ls
that he is right, and that he will yet have
Lrqutart placed behind the bars for
perjury for denying it. "Urquhart's ac
tions," said Mr. Black, "were all those
of an innocent man. When he learned of
Campbell's disappearance, he reported to
the police what he knew of it. Winthrop,
on the contrary, ran away. If Urquhart
is guilty, as Winthrop claims, why did not
v\ inthrop come to the police as did the
man he accused and tell what he knew?
Instead he used every endeavor to de
ceive the police, opened up a decoy cor
respondence with his wife, under an as
sumed name, and when confronted by
Detective Cody in Oakland was disguised
and had the stolen money concealed about
?il m .", Wnen cornered he remarked,
well, Cody, the jig is up.' The only
conclusion to draw from such evidence
is one of .uuilt.
'A number of witnesses were called to
testify as to Winthrop's reputation. Some
of them knew him only from personal
dealings with him, and others had not
heard his reputation discussed until alter
the death of Mrs. Matthews. Tne de
fense," said the attorney, "utterly failed
to establish a good reputation for tbe ac
cused and, even if it bad, it would have been
immaterial, as many men who have up to
a certain time borne an unblemished repu
tation have been found to be criminals.
Mr. Black closed by asking the jury not
to be swerved from duty Ity sympathy for
the prisoner's wife and family. They were
under oath, he said, to find only on the
evidence without reference to its effect on
any one. He asked for a verdict of guilty.
Judge Wallace then charged tne jury.
His charge was fair and impartial and
comparatively brief. He instructed the
jurymen upon the legal points in the case
and was particularly careful to declare that
they alone were judges of the facts, with
which they might deal as they pleased.
He said they were to determine whether
WinthroD took the money from the per
son of Campbell against his will and that
they must presume him innocent unless
the evidence should overcome that pre
sumption. He also went into tbe evi
dence that had been presented to show a
good character for the defendant and said
that if that had been proven it should be
taken in his favor, but that it was not
enough to weigh against positive evidence
of guilt
At 11:35 o'clock the jury retired, and
the spectators had hardly settled down in
their seats before the bell rang announc
ing their return.
xhe short time occupied in deliberation
augured ill for Winthrop. He straight
ened up in his chair, clenched his teeth
tiehtly, and his countenance assumed that
hard, set look which one might expect a
determined man to wear as he faced death.
Mrs. Winthrop, who had in the meantime
resumed her place at his side, again felt
that she could not stand the ordeal, and
retired to the corridor. Mrs. Brooks, the
defendant's mother-in-law, sobbed audi
bly, while the two little boys crouched
close to their father's side.
"Gentlemen, have you agreed upon a
verdict?" asked Judge Wallace.
"We iiave," replied Foreman Gotten.
"What is your verdict?"
"We find the defendant, Oliver W. Win
throp, guilty of robbery as charged."
Winthrop never moved a muscle, but
turned to Attorney Bell, who asked that
the jury be polled. The operation was
gone through with, each of the jurymen
responding that the verdict announced by
Mr. Cutten was his.
Bell then asked for time in which to
prepare a motion for a new trial, but
Judge Wallace refused to allow him
longer than until next Monday morning
at 10 o'clock, when the ex-custodian of
Laurel Hill Cemetery was ordered to ap
pear for sentence. His Honor remarked,
however, that if it was then found neces
sary to grant more time it would probably
be allowed.
Winthrop wax handcuffed to the Deputy
Sheriff, after kissing his children, and
taken into the jury-room, where his wife
awaited him. After bidding her good
by i.c was taken to the Black Maria,
which conveyed him to the County Jail.
Immediately after leaving her husband
Mrs. Winthrop saw Mrs. Dunton in the
corridor. Mrs. Dunton harried from the
building, with Mrs. Winthrop following
close in her wake. Mrs. Dunton became
much alarmed and returned to police
headquarters and reported the matter to
Chief Crowley, who detailed a policeman
to accompany her to her borne.
MUM'S THE WORD.
Socialist Laborers Will Konuma Their
Silent Sleeting*.
The Socialist Labor party has adopted
the following preambles and resolution:
Wherkas, the repeated efforts of the prose
cuting attorney have failed to obtain a con
viction of the members of the Socialist Labor
party who were arrested ou the 29th of August
last and tried by juries on charges of obstruct
ing a public street and whereas, the accused
parties are conseauently debarred from bring
ing the outrageous action of the Police Depart
ment of San Francisco to the official notice of
the Supreme Court for the purpose of obtain
ing a judicial decision as to the constitutional
right of citizens to assemble in public meeting
on public streets. Now. therelore, in order to
carry out the programme of the Socialist
Labor party that was so rudely and ui.war
rautabiy broken up and dispersed by the po
lice on the evening in question, and in the
hone that the experience gained in this matter
will have taught the police authorities a much
needed lesson, and that they will in future
respect the rights of citizens to assemble
in public meeting on the public streets, and
instruct or cause their officers to be instructed
as to the differences that exist between a
"crowd" ana a "public meeting" of citizens,
in order that they may in iuture know enough
to distinguish between the two and fulfill
their duties in an intelligent manner ; be it
HetolvcJ, Thai the Socialist Labor party re
sume its silent meetings on the corner of Sev
enth and Market 3treets, and that the public
be invited to attend on Saturday evenine
September 19, at 8 o'clock.
C. H. Davies, William Costley, Oliver Everett
William Edlln, Campaign Committee.
The Fair Case.
The motion to compel W. 8. Goodfellow to
produce in court the wills of James G Fair
which are said to be in his possession will be
argued in Judge Slack's court on Fridßv next
Piles! Piles! Mac* Infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itchine
and protruding piles. Price 50c a. Mcßoyle
<fc Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. *
TIRED TO BURN
A BIG SALOON
A Bold Attempt to Commit
Arson on Bush
Street.
COAL OIL WAS USED.
The Stuff Spread All Over the
Furniture, Walls and
Carpets.
COVERED BT LARGE INSURANCE
How M. C. Wenceslow, the Proprie
tor, Took Out Policies Under
Two Different Names.
Between 2 and 6o'clock*yesterday morn
ing an attempt was made to burn out the
saloon at 311 Bush street, near Montgom
ery. It will be remembered that years
ago this place was the headquarters of
Christopher Buckley, and many a man
entered the front door and departed from
the back door that opens on the little
alley, made or marred for life. For sev
eral months it was unoccupied, but last
June it was rented by M. C. Winslow,
who reopened the old well-known jaloon.
From ail accounts W r inslow's venture
was not a great success, and on the 14th
the Sheriff took charge of the business
upon an attachment in favor of D. E.
Besecker, who wanted payment on a 57650
butcher bill. It was stated that another
of Winslow's creditors was about to levy
another attachment for $300. To state the
case briefly Winslow was anything but
prosperous, and the financial clouds
seemed to be gathering fast on his hori
zon.
Fire Marshal Charles Towe yesterday re
ceivea word that an attempt had been
made to burn the saloon during the night
and he at once made an investigation, and
the evidence be obtained led him to be
lieve that he knew who the man was who
committed the deed. The plan was evi
dently well laid, but, like many of a sim
ilar nature, it miscarried because the per
petrator was ignorant of a few natural
Jaws. Coal oil had been poured all over
the floor, walls and portieres that divide
the small card rooms in the rear. The
match bad been applied, and the flames
spread up the wall and consumed the cur
tains and then went out.
The reason for this was the fellow who
applied the match did not want the first
burst ol flames to be seen from the street,
and he closed the doors to the main saloon
and the fire died out for want of fresh air
and a draught. Had the pian been a suc
cess the office of the Breeder and Sports
man paper and a jewelry manufactory in
the second and third stories would have
been destroyed or badly damaged.
Dan Fallon, the night barkeeper, left
the saloon safe and securely locked at 2
o'clocE in the morning, and at 6 o'clock
Fred Schenkel, the day barkeeper, entered
the place and made the discovery. None
of the doors hart been forced or broken,
and the only other person who had a key
to the premises was Winsiow, the pro
prietor.
Later in the day a telephone message
was received from Winslow, who said he
was in San Jose. Fire Marshal Towe
looked over tie premises and decided
that there was not over $500 or $800 worth
of stock and fixtures in the place. He
further found that the saloon was run un
der the names of J. S. and M. C. Winslow,
ilthough who J. S. Winslow is was a mys
tery. Another peculiarity that the Fire
Marshal learned was that since June Win
slow had taken ont two fire insurance
policies, one for $1000 in the name of M.
C. Winslow, and the other for $2500 in an
other company in the name of M. C. Wen
ceslow. An insurance of $3500 on $500
worth of property, taken out in two poli
cies and in two names, caused a grave
suspicion in the mind of the Fire Marshal,
and he asked the Deputy Sheriff in charge
of the saloon to inform him as soon as the
proprietor of the place put in an appear
ance.
Late in the afternoon Winslow went to
the saloon and Mr. Towe was telephoned
for. He questioned Winslow for nearly
an hour. The latter said that on Tuesday
afternoon be went to Hay wards to see a
friend about raising money to pay off the
claims standing against him, and from
Hay wards he went to San Jose in a buggy
and was there at the time of the fire.
He said that the difference in the names
in the two insurance policies was a mis
take of the agent, and that while his true
name is Wenceslow he is often called
Winslow and sosiens himself occasionally.
He stated that J. S. Winslow or Wences
low is his brother, who is now residing in
Guadalupe.
Fire Marshal Towe is anything but sat
isfied with his investigation and his inter
view with Winslow or Wenceslow. The
latter was directed to call at the office of
Mr. Towe this afternoon, when a more
searching inquiry will" be made. He- for
merly lived in Oakland, so he said, and at
present he lives with his wife on Powell
street, near Sacramento.
TAX COMMISSIONS.
The County of Sacramento Loses In Its
Battle With State Controller Colgan.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the de
cision of the lower tribunal in the case of
the County of Sacramento against State
Controller E. P. Colgan. The action was
in mandate, it being sought to compel the
Controller, in his next settlement with the
Sacramento County Treasurer, to allow
the Treasurer to retain $32,660 10 claimed
to be due the county as State tax commis
sions. The Superior Court found ad
versely to the plaintiff.
In affirming the decision the Supreme
Court reviews at length the statutes gov
erning tax commissions charged by coun
ties upon State taxes. By the act of 1870
the county was allowed as commission on
all but school taxes 6 per cent on ttie first
$10,000, 4 per cent on all over $10 000 and
under $20,000, and 2 per cent on all over
the last-named sum.
The act of 1874 allows the county 1 per
cent on all taxes. The sole question was
whether the act of 1870 or that of 1874
should govern the award of commissions
to the county. The lower court held that
the first act was repealed by the second a
ruling which the Supreme Court upheld
Socialist Lecture.
Liberty branch of the Socialist Labor party
held a meeting last night at Socialist Hall on
Turk street. '
President Theodore Lynch introduced Miss
Jane A. Roulston, who spoke on the principles
kind .BOCiallßt. BOCiallBt theory of ..humanity to man
thefts* «. Ge ° W Barnley followod on
President Lynch announced that the next
.ilent open-air meeting would be "el I on n»t
Saturday evening at the corner of Seventh and
Market streets at 8 o'clock, at which all wera
invited to attend and keen "mum " - "°
Father Yorke to Lecture,
Rev. Father P. c. Yorke will lecture at Met
ropolitan Temple this evening on the occasion
Tux King of PiU'« U Beechkm's-BBDCHAii'a,
■_ _ ' sew to-pat:
|lSTi:r\ii|(jf
A STRIKING INSTANCE "
OF STRIKING PRICES
IN STRIKING CLOCKS.
Nickel Alarm 70c
"Seth Thomas" Alarm $1 25
6-Inch 15-Mlnute Nickel Alarm $1 50
•7-Inch Decorated Porcelain, 1 nay time ?1 90
8-Day, i/ 2 -Hotir Strike Mantel Clock, Oak
or Walnut ; $2 65
8-Day, %-Hour Strike Library Clock, solid
Oak $3 85
8-Day, 1/.'- Hour Strike Clock, Black or Ma-
uoganv, 7V2^I3V» $6 00
8-Day, y a -Hour strike Clock, Black ,
Wood, B xl7Vi .$6 75
8-Day. -Hour Strike Clock, lron with Urn.
HVix 6y g 98 00
8-Day, J^-Hour Strike Clock. Iron, Black
. or Mahogany, 914*1314 $9 35
8-Day, 1/3-Hour Strike Clock, Iron, Black
or Mahogany, 12V4x15i4 $12 15
8-Day, V -Hour Strike ». lock, Black Marble,
9%x11% $9 85
8- Day, i/a-H our Strike Clock, Onyx Dome
top 10y 3 xll $12 50
8-Day. i/ 3 -H our Strike Clock, Blue Delf
decorated $8 00
8-Day, %-Hour Strike Clock, Decorated
Porcelain, visible escapement $10 00
All Clocks guaranteed for one year.
Clocks and Watches repaired" by skillful me-
chanics at lowest prices and guaranteed.
__
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist |
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
Diseases of young 1 , middle,
aged and old men which weaken .
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility- in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back: and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele. hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood, if you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and .are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
fIR F I QWrANV 737 Market St.
Ull. T. L. OfTLHill, San Francisco. CaL
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
•. CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
P«rU, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUdER A & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARL,EB H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT- !
\J Law and Notary Public, 633 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1620
Fell street. Telephone " Pine " 2691
■m^ffla D 838 1" with a big B. Blackwell's Genuine Bull^^|
l^^M tj Durham is in a class by itself. You will find one i|k
Jj*wK|b coupon inside each two ounce bag, and two cou- pUclak
I pons Inside each four ounce bag of yt& i^a.
■ Genuine Durham I
I Buy a bag of this celebrated tobacco and read the coupon— £j£r
I which gives a listofvaluable presents and how to tjot them^^^J |«S
Iffl®®D%"2ra®!j;i T .
!t
When writing for further particulars to
any of the Health or Summer Resorts in
these columns kindly mention the Call.
BART-LETT SPRINGS?
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FTTLLT AS IDEAL, A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
. RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to May 1,1897.
Address all correspondence to BARTIiETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, 8. S.
Pamphlets sent to any address free.
HIGHLANDJSPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Spring's
. In the World.
Fall season opens Aueust 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boatin<*
and fishing. °
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LEE D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. P.
Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
MPA SODA SPRINGS, "
California* . Famous Mountain Spat
Hays You Bren tekbk Lately?
3000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
.Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croqu«tT
•wings and hammocks.. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. P*.
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER swih-
MING TANK, au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Spring*
PARAISOgi
'** r heal th.rest, pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plnnga
baths, hot sulnhur tub and swimming; tanks, ma*.
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playgronnd. croquet and dance hall for families.
'araiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. it
dally, forSoledad; Return -trip ticket, SB. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PostotHce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1898, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
f|T7 I finn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If ' A I■ I ■ V Co «nty. only 4% hours from
\ n UITIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
I] |\ fl II II II staging: new road through
*******™ *" ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tibnron ferry at 7:30
a. v. or 3:30 P. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.5U,
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall Bud express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. F. MDLOREW, Proprietor.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
In the Santa Crnis Mountain!. <
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Stage at Madrono every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wtta
train leaving the City at 8 :1 5 a. m.
VIC PONCEIiET. IJagas. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
■RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
XX vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements. Pura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home It has no equal in
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
- ■:■"■■■■■'■ R. H. WARFIELD <& CO.
ASTORG SPRING JINERAL WATER.
TjIOtTNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM
X! Cobb Valley, .Lake County; greatest medicinal
and curative water on earth. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend It in San Francisco. Unlim-
ited supply at the depot, 108 Fifth «reeu Belling
hundreds of gallons dally.
MADROXE MINERAL SPRINGS
WILL BE OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
'» year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Sentl for analysis and descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone Santa Clara County, Cal.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds: fruit and flowers. Ad
dre.-» P. O. box 226.
R I VERSI DE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OP
IX Eel River. 8 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County; round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cieco: fishing, hunting, bathing and boating an*
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
OILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
AT BELMONT\ SAN MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms; 3 minutes from
station: 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEN.BaImont.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAJS A BITIKiU, X-«H
great Mexican .Remedy; kiym Hf ITU ***
Ktrangtu 10 urn Sexual organ*LOSS OF LIFE
AND PROPERTY
Hobbs, Wall & Co.'s Big
Box Factory Destroyed
by Fire.
CAPT. ROSS PERISHED.
The Aged Watchman Was Over
come by the Smoke and
Flames.
BURIED UNDER THE DEBRIS.
Fifty Thousand Dollars' Worth of
Property Wiped Out by a Blazs
on Spear Street
The large box factory of Hobbs, Wall &
Co., at 814 to 324 Spear street, was de
stroyed by fire at an early hour yesterday
morning, and the aged watchman, Cap
The Ruins of Hobbs, Wall & Co/s Big Box Factory, Under
Which the Body of Watchman Ross Now Lies.
tpin Koss, perished in the smoke and
flames.
The total loss of the firm was about
$45,003, covered by |35,000 insurance. Sev
eral outbuildings belonging to the Sailors'
Home were also destroyed and damaged
to about $1600. The coal bunkers of the
Bryant Coal Company and the Central
Coal Company were also damaged to about
$1000. and a small building belonging to
Wain wright & Easton was injured to about
$300.
Shortly after 10 o'clock Tuesday even
ing Watchman Ross discovered a email
blaze in the ceiling of the engine-room,
near the smokestacK. He made an effort
to put out the fire, but it was too much for
him, as he was old and feeble, having
passed nis eighty-third birthday.
The old man ran throuch the bniJdin?
and yard and Bent in a still alarm to UJn
gine Company 9, across the way on Main
street. The firemen soon had the fire put
out, and they went away.
A few minutes after 4 o'clock yesterday
morning they were again called owt by the
aged watchman, who said that the build- j
ing was on fire again. By the time they j
reached the street the big box factory was
in a blaze, tbe flames bursting out oi the
roof. A special police officer !ad also seen
the fire and sounded an alarm from box
5L Two lines of hose were quickly run
into the premises, one from Main and one
from Spear street.
The firemen who entered the Main
gtreet entrance were driven back by the
heat, and as they were retreating they
saw the old watchman plunge into the
dense smoke as though going to the Spear
street entrance through the principal pas
sageway.
The smoke closed aronnd him and no
one saw him after that. Blinded and con
iused by the smoke and flames old Cap- |
tain Ross perished miserably, and tons of
machinery, lumber and debris buried him
deep in the ruins.
Thus ended his service for the company
which b»gan a quarter of a century ago.
Captain Ross was iormerly connected with
the Mare Island Navy-yard. He lived at
Golden Gate, near Berkeley, and leaves an
aged widow. He was always a faitnful
and conscientious employe. Up to last
evening his remains were not recovered.
As soon a» Cnief Engineer Sullivan
reached the scene he caused a third alarm
to be sounded, which can be done by the
new system and thus save the time usu
ally lost in making a second call. In a
very short time engines, hosecarts, hook
and ladder trucks, water tower and
Siamese stands were on the ground by the
dozen and huge volumes of water were
being poured into the flames. Captain
Comstock of tne Fire Patrol and his men
lost no time in saving movable property.
It was a most peculiar fire to ti^b«, for the
force of the streams scattered the blazing
lumber, box material, etc., and threw
them high into the air, and these failing
upon the surrounding roofs threatened to
set tire io the whole district. Clouds of
smoke and flames carrying burning wood,
burst into the air to a height of seventy
live feet above the factory roof.
There was nothing to do but to ccc that I
the fire did not spread, and it was not uu- j
til about 6 o'clock that it was fully under
control. In the meantime the sheds and
stables of the Bailors' Home were de
stroyed, and the ends of half a dozen coai-
Dunkers burnt out.
The main factory, a two-story structure,
was 127:6x150 feet in size, and it was tilled
with valuable machinery and a more val
uable stock. The remainder of the two
50-vara Jots was covered with thousands
of feet of lumber under a shed, and a large
stable full of hay. The hay was destroyed,
but the horses were saved.
Nearly 100 men and boys have been
temporarily thrown out of work by the
tire. The Hobbs- Wall Company at once
opened an office at 316 Steuart street and
said that it was ready for business. Ail
but one of the otber dox factories in this
City sent word to the unfortunate firm
proffering assistance in rilling orders.
Hobbs, Wall & Co., the heaviest losers,
were well in-ured, carrying $35,000 policies
in about two dozen insurance companies.
They took out a large number of policies
during t .c last rate war among tbe in
surance companies, and they are uot sorry
for it.
The cause of the fire will probably never
be known. Fire Marshal Towe's theory
is that a large quantity of soot collected
in the smokestack and caught on fire
at a time when there was no draught to
carry the heat up and out. This intense
heat started the two fires by the contact
of the smokestaclc with the dry floor of
the second story.
Captain Comstock's estimate of the loss
and damages was as follows:
Hobbs, Wall & Co., box factory, yards,
sheds and stable for storage of lumber;
buildintr and plant. Total loss, estimated
at $4? .000.
Coal-bunkers, office and stable of Bryant
Coal Company. Central Coal Company;
buildings scorched.' Estimated loss, $100.
Two-story frame tmilding, owned and
occupied by Wain wright & Easton; wood
and coal. Estimaied Joss, $300
Rear Sailors' Home; buildings owned
by United States Government. Estimated
lo"ss, $200.
TOYING TO SAVE WORDEN.
His Erother, a Missionary of
Japan, Is Here in His
Interest.
He Will Try to Get Governor Budd
to Ccmnju c tbe S ntence to
Life Imprisonment.
The Rev. Whiting S. Worden, M.D., a
missionary of Yokohama, and brother of
S. D. Worden. the convicted train-wrecker,
is at the Occidental Hotel, He bas come
over from Japan to do all he can to Ret his
brother's sentence commuted to life im
prisonment, and is now circulating a peti
tion asking Governor Budd for clemency.
"My brother must have been insane,"
said Dr. Worden yesterday; "it could rot
have been any other way. He was always
very quiet and peaceable. He drantc,
however, and when he drank it sometimes
made him wild.
"We do not hope for a new trial now.
The case was appealed, and we tried to
reopen the case in the Supreme Court, but
couldn't do it. It is settled now, and all
I can do is to appeal to Governor Budd.
He can save him if he will.
"It looks hard that the same evidence
that acquitted all the others 6houid con
vict him. My brotber came to the Pacific
Coast from New York in 1869. He used to
be a messenger for Wells, Fargo & Co.,
and he was presnnt at the driving of the
gold spike when the Central and Union
Pacific roads were connected. His father
was one of the most respected physicinns
of Syracuse, where he practiced medicine
for forty-nine years. Our grandfather on
mother's side was a graduate of Harvard
and also a physician for many years in
Massachusetts. My brother should have
been one of the leading men here.
"He is to be resentenced next Tuesday
at Woodland. Ido not know when I shall
go back to Japan. I came as soon as I
could — as soon aa I got the news that the
case could not be reopened. I cannot be
lieve that the ueople who are influential
will be bloodthirsty, and 1 hope they will
all aid me in trying to gain a commutation
of the sentence."
Ttie Rev. Mr. Worden came over in the
ahip Monmouthshire, reaching Portland
in iourteen days from Yokohama. Thence
be came direct here.
Thousands Asked for Injuries.
Nellie C. Liltlejohn has sued the Market
itreet Railway Company for $25,000 damages
for injuries sustained by being tripped and
.hrown by a guard rail at Powell and Jackson
iireeteoa February 16, 1896.
•—»• — » .
154 styles writing tablets and as many
Drtpeterics, envelopes and writing paper for
:ht millions. Sanborn, Vail & Co. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
INTOXICATED IN
THE SHERIFF'S CARE
Deputy Appel's Prisoner
Gets Drunk and Tells
% a Story.
IS TO BE INVESTIGATED
Hannah Landridge Pleaded
Guilty in Court to Grand
Larceny.
AN OLD SCANDAL REVIVED.
She Now Declares She Gave Part of
tbe Stolen Money to Police
man Rourke.
There was something like a sensation
among the officials in the City Prison
yesterday when Hannah L%ndbridtre,
alias "Fat Annie," appeared in a btate of
intoxication, accompanied by Deputy
Sheriff Appel.
The woman, who is well known in the
dives on the Barbary Coast, was brought
from the brancn County Jail yesterday
morning to Judge Belcher's court to stand
her trial on a charge of grand larceny.
She was arrested on April 13 by Police
man Norman, charged with stealing $390
from Felix Bush, a farmer from Van
couver, B. C, who was here on his way to
South America. He met the woman ie a
dive on Friday night, April 17. and went
with her to her room, where lie was
robbed.
After her arrest there was a scandal, in
volving Policeman Thomas Rourke and
Special Officer John Mclntyre. It was
alleged on the authority of Newton L.
Valencia, a messenger-boy, that the
.woman, who had sent for him previous to
and after her arrest to take messages to
Rnurke, had told him that she had given
$200 to a friend to employ an attorney t o
deiend ber, and the balance, $190, to
Rourke and Mclntyre, and she wanted to
»<se Rourke to get her share.
The boy did not find Rourke till early
Monday morning, April 20, and he at once
took him before Cuief Crowlev. Ihe
matter was fully investigated, but as the
woman denied having ever given Rourke
or Mclntyre any money it wa3 allowed to
drop.
Yesterday morning when Hannah ap
peared in court she pleaded guilty aiid
she was ordered to appear for sentence on
Saturday. That was about. ll o'clock.
Two hours later Deputy Sheriff Appel ap
peared with her at the City Pn»on and
she was heJplessiy drunk and almost dis
robed. No explanation was offered by tbe
deputy and Hannah was put on a bed in
the matrons room. After she had about
two Hours' sleep she became so uproarious
that several "trusties" carried her into
the woman's cell. She was kicking and
screaming all the way and her language
was far from choice.
She regretted having pleaded guilty.
She said she was advised to do It^when
she «ot into court, on the promise that
she would get a light sentence. Her auger
blazed out against Policeman Rourke and
she charged him with, as she expressed it,
"turning her down." She declared that
when she told Chief Crowley in April that
she had never given Rourke the $190 she
deliberately lied to save him. She told a
circumstantial story to Mrs. French and
others showing when and where she had
parted with the money, and said she
would have told it in court if she had not
been advised to plead guilty. She impli
cated another policeman, bat did not
know his name. She designated him "the
fat policeman."
It is doubtful if Rourke's superiors will
place any reliance upon the woman's
story now, after she had deliberately
sworn five months ago to the contrary. At
that time both Rourke and Mclntyre de
nied receiving any money from her, and
both insisted upon the jullest investiga
tion.
Hannah refused to say where she got
the liquor after she left Judge Belcher's
court. Deputy Sheriff Appel was seen
and he said when he left the courtroom
with the woman she asked him to take
her to lunch, as she would not get a
"square" meal for some time again. She
had two women friends with her and he
took tbe three to a restaurant, where they
had luncheon.
'•There was no liquor drank," said Ap
pel, "by any of ns in the restaurant. When
we left to go to the City Prison the three
women walked in front and I walked some
paces behind them. I noticed the Land
ridge woman stagger, and when 1 walked
up and took hold of ber arm I saw she was
drunk. I accused the women of giving
ber the Jiquor, and that is the only way I
can explain how she got it."
Sheriff Whelan wab notified of the fact
that a prisoner got drunk while in the cus
tody of one of bis deputies, and it i 3 prob
aole that ne will make an investigation.
THAT POLICE BUILDING
Supervisor King Says Work on the
New Municipal Structure Will
Begin October 5 or 6.
According to Supervisor King work on
the new municipal building to be located
on tbe corner of Kearny and Washington
streets will begin about October 5 or 6.
"Work has been delayed thus far," he
declared, "because the board has bad a
six weeks' vacation. In the meantime
the architect has been employed in per
fecting his working plans.
, "The board will meet next Monday and
bids will doubtless be advertised for ten
days at that time. To tho best of my
knowledge and belief the contract will be
let and work be<?un early in October."
Although there is a regular building
committee of the board, there is a special
one on the new municiDai building, com
posed of Benjiitnin, Dunker, Hirsch,
Spreckels and King.
CASHIER HOWELLS FREE
The Supreme Court Grants His
Petition for a Habeas
Corpus.
There Was No Shewing That He
Misrepresented the Condition of
the Merced Bank.
John Wi Howells, former cashier of the
Merced Bank, is once more a free man.
The Supreme Court has thrown open bis
prison dcors with the simple, yet to him
weighty, words, "Let the prisoner be dis
charged."
Howeils was held to answer before the
Superior Court on a charge of perjury.
The bank was in liquidation, ann the
Bank Commissioners .-.ought to ascertain
whether it was actually insolvent or
whether by continuing in business it
could eventually realize upon its assets
and meet its obligations. To aid in ar
riving at this knowledge the commission
had Howells examined under oath. Dur
ing this examination tbe cisuier men
tioned among the assets an item of $176,000
for loans and overdrafts, the names of the
debtors being alphabetically arranged,
with the amount of the indebtedness of
each set opposite his name.
Howells said to Bank Commissioner
Fuller that he considered the claims good
and collectible. He did noi swear that
the value of the loans and assets was $176,
-000, or any other sum, but represented
that the several claims whose lace value
summed up that amount were good and
valid assets.
In liberating tbe prisoner the Supreme
Court says:
"There was in the evidence no reason
able or probable cause for holding the de
fendant. It appears that he was giving
the Commissioners his judgment upon
matters of extreme uncertainty, the value
and collectibility of debts. We do not
mean to say that even in a matter calling
for the exercise of judgment a perjury
ruigrtt not be predicated if one willfully
and wickedly and maliciously refrained
from exercising and expressing his best
judgment when in law bound ao to do.
But in the absence of such a showing a
charge of perjury could not be main
tained."
Salt for Unmakes.
J. Harry Scott and his wife, Mathilda M.
Scott, have sued the Southern Pacific Company
and the Pullman Palace Car Company for $lo .
000 damages. Mrs. Scott was injured by being
struck by a falling headboard while in a sleep
ing-car en route from Portland, Or., to Bin
Francisco on Jufy 21 last.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MEXICO KEEPS
HER BIRTHDAY
Celebrating the Eighty-
Sixth Anniversary of
Freedom.
RED, WKITE AND GREEN
Honoring the Name of Miguel
Hidalgo, the Father of His
Country.
PRESIDENT PORFIRIO DIAZ.
Splendid Musical and Literary Enter
tainment and a Grand Ball
Last Evening.
Yesterday was the eighty-sixth anni
versary of Mexican independence and the
patriotic people of the republic south of
the Rio Grande residing in this City cele
brated the occasion. There were no public
demonstrations during the day, but every
Mexican flew the tri-colored eagle flag over
his domicile. The Consular offices were
closed and a general holiday was taken by
the natives of Mexico.
But the celebration proper was in the
evening by the Mexican Mutual Benevo
lent Society at California Hall, 620 Bush
street, and also by tne i'ortirio Diaz Club
at Union-square Hall on Post street, near
Mason. The whole affair was in charge oi
tbe following committee:
Hon. A. K. Coney, Consul-General of Mexico,
honorary president; president, C. Moncisvais;
vice-president, A. Tejeda; treasurer, R. G. del
Palacio; secretary, c. Jimenez; assistant secre
tary, A. Monturo; executive committee — J.
Arzave, A. Kolo, T. Zaiagcsa, H. Nuvarro, C.
Torres F. Ri.driguez, L. Guardia, F. Calderon
and C. Cisncros.
A procession consisting of the various
celebration committees the benevolent
society and a large number of citizens
escorted by tbe Juarez Guard marched
from Stockton and Pacific streets to Cali
fornia Hall, where the literary exercises
were held. The place was handsomely
decorated with bunting, the red, white
and green of Mexico and tbe red, white
and blue of America being everywhere
conspicuous. On tbe stage was a picture
of Miguel Hidalgo, the Washington of
Mexico, and one of Pornrio Diaz, who for
sixteen years has been the honored Presi
dent of his country.
The following was the musical and liter
ary programme:
Overture, "Raymond," by the orchestra;
reading of the Declaration of Independence,
by Carmen Jimenez; "Star-spangled Banner,"
by a chorus ot fifty young ladies; oration by
the orator of the clay, Professor Ricardo A.
Martinez; piano solo,' if cm Joule Dusenberry;
patriotic poem by the poei the day, Ray
mond Garcia; trombone solo, ••hvenirg Star."
by Professor Max Schultz; piano solo, "Porflrio
Diaz March." by Protestor Jose Fernandez;
Mexican national hymu, by a chorus of fifty
young ladies under the direction of Professor
William Van Brunt, and tne following solo-
IsU! Miss J. Ambroslo, MinsHerl'.nda Verdugo,
Misß Maria Paniojo, Anita Gonzalez, G. F,
Jimenez.
The grand Mexican national hymn was
splendidly rendered by the half-hundred
young ladies under tue direction of Pro
fessor Van Brunt.
Union-square Hall, where the Porfirio
Diaz Club gave a musical and literary en
tertainment, was exquisitely decorated
with the colors of Mexico, the red, white
and green. Large American and Mexican
flags hung from the ceilintr, und along tha
balcony-rails the triple-lined bunting was
ia-te-fu!ly draped.
The programme opened with an over
ture by the orchestra, followed by an elo
quent address upon the independence of
Mexico by Frednco Gillespie.
The remainder of the list was an ad
dress by Francisco Carranza; Bohemian
song by Mr?. Laura C. de George; Bong,
"Anchored," CharJe* H. Rieveley ; oration
in English, by Lyman 1. Mowfy; "Star
spangled Banner," by Miss J. Coleman;
song, "Si Tv Me Amares" (If You Love
Me), by Mi>s Berta Gomez Gallardo;
comic soses, by Thomas Irving; instru
nieuta. solo, by Professor Jose~ Andone
gui, violin, and Miss Marie L. Kirn bail,
piano; duo, "Desde el Moments" (Only
for This Moment), by Misses Aitagracia,
and Justina Perez; national hymn of
Mexico, under the direction of Professor
G. Van Brunt, and sung by the following
persons :
Miss Laura C. fie George, Miss Aitagracia
Perez, Miss Bert* Gallardo, Miss Justina Pertz,
Miss Maria G. de komo.
Chorus — Mistefl Maria Rahn, Josefa Silver,
Enriqueta Donde. Sofia Mersich, Anita Buck
ley, Gundalupe Torres, Rosa Silver, Angela
Ecbeverria, Trinidad Ramirez, Guadaiupe
Echeverria, Saran Kelly.
Carlos Mt-rsich, Alejandro Williams, Daniel
J. Gailick, Luis George, Federico Gillespie,
Manuel Valverde, Mateo Ramirez, Francisco
Onrratiza. Carlos Rli-veley, Raul Gttllardo, F. J.
Madrid, Y. Eimire, W. Mendez, L. Soria.
The piece was splendidly rendered, the
soft Spanish words blending wnh the
noble music.
NEGLECTED MISERY.
Sirs. Tiedemann Is Slowly Dying of
Cancer Alter Going: Through
One Operation.
A sad case of human misery and human
heartlessness was reported yesterday at
the office of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelly to Children, although the
matter does not properly come within the
society's sphere of beneficence.
' Mrs. Sarah S. Tiedemann, wife of Henry
Tiederuann, was recently sent to r St.
Mary's Hospital, where she was submit
ted to a most delicate operation for cancer
of the stomach. 'The . suffering woman
survived the terrible ordeal and was taken
to her home at 129% Clara street.
The neighbors teil a story of cruel cold
ness on the part of the husband which
seems beyoui belief. He is said to , be a
drunkard* and dependent upon the earn
ings of his two sons, lads of 12 and 14
years, respectively, who bring in a monthly
income of $30 from* their work. Mrs.
Tiedemann is being attended by her aunt
and Mrs. Barrett, the landlady,: who.
though the tamily owe her $80 for rent, is
indefatigable in her endeavor* to alleviate
the condition of th* woman, who is (lowly
dying from another cancer which formed
after the operation.
The case will probably be referred to the
Catholic Ladies Aid Society.
Stierlen Arrested in Dakota.
George Stierlen, an account of whose secret
indictment by the United States Grand Jury
two week* ago, on a charge of sending obacece
matter through the mails, was published in
Tj£B Call, is under arrest at Fargo, N. D. It
seems that he was apprehended on Monday
last, taken before a United states Commis
sioner and in default of $2500 bail was held to
await the coming o: a local officer.
It was only yesterday, however, that
these factß were reported by telegraph to
Inspector- in-charge Munro, and as tho
Fnrgo district of North Dakota is et
present without a Uuited States Judge
no gteps can be taken looking toward
Stierlen's extradition, su it is probable that
several weeks will c apse beiore the muoti
wanted man can be Drought to this City.
JIBW^TOJDAT-DRT GOODS.
SACRIFICE PRICES
FROM OUR GREAT
$300,000 CLOSING-OUT SALE
O3F» ■
STYLISH DRY GDDDSi CLOAKS!
Among the thousands of marvelous bargains that are making
our great sale so overwhelmingly popular will be found the follow-
ing SPECIALS OFFERED FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY
AT EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS !
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
A* SI.OO.
150 LADIES' CLAY WORSTED AND KERSEY JACKETS, in black, blue and brown,
broken sizes, worth $5; sale price to close out, $1.
• . At di.so.
100 LADIES' KERSEY AND CHEVIOT JACKETS, in black and navy, box fronts and
some tight-fitting, 3-4 styles, worth $6; sale price to ciose out, $1 60. v*r
Art 62.00. ,
80 LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT JACKETS, assorted styles, two and three button
fronts, worm $7 50; price to close out, $2.
"; ; v'"* At S3. SO.
75 LADIES' RIPPLE CAPES, in black crepon. figured and plain silk and black Tel-
vet, fancy colored lining and trimmed in lace, ribbon or silk ruching, worth $10.
sale price to close out, $3 50.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.A.* 2S OexLts.
72 pieces 40-in«h FANCY FIGURED SUITING, latest fall colorings, will be offered
• at 25c a yard, ■ j »; r . -
A* 4O Cents. "*4'.H ■•"')
55 pieces 38-inch ALL-WOOL TUFTED DRESS GOODS, in Plaids and Checks, ele«anl
assortment of colorings, will oe offered at 40c a yard. -V '
A* BO Conts.
V 43 pieces 40-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY FRENCH SUITING, two-toned colorings,
worth 75c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
SILKS! SILKS! SILKS!
At 75 Cents A Ynx-d.
20 pieces of BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, neat designs, regular value $1,
will be placed on sale at 75c a yard. : . , .
At 75 Conts a, "Ford.
60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, in all the very latest ehadings, regulai
value $1, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 73 Cents a> Yard.
50 pieces of FANCY STRIPED AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regular value $1,
' will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At SI.OO a. Yard..
40 pieces BLACK BROCADED SILK, on Satin and Gros-Grain grounds, medium and
- large designs, regular value $1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
A.t BO Conts.
40 pieces EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, reduced from
75c to 50c a yard. ;>;■, > Jv7^
Art 75 Cents. .
25 pieces 52-inch ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH BOURETTE, reduced from $1 25 to
" 75c a yard. . '. '::,'■'"/.:' .
Art S&X.OO.
25 pieces 54-inch ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, reduced from $150 to $1
"a yard.
At &X.OO.
25 pieces 54- inch ALL-WOOL CREPON CHEVIOT, reduced from $1 50 to $1 a yard.
LADIES 1 KID GLOVES!
■ • J£\mX 35 Cents. .■ .--v >■.-'*'• "-..•■,■ ;~v;
500 dozen 6-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black only, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 85c a pair.- ' •
Art 75 Cents.
250 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs, col-
ors and black, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
245 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, black only, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at
75c a pair.
Art co Cents. ,
ISO dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large buttons), colors and black, regular value
$1 50, will be closed out at 90c a pair.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
.A-t XO Cent**.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED SEAMLESS COTTON HOSE, fast black
worth $2 per dozen, reduced to 10c a pair.
-A.t 2O Centß.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy, made
specially for boys' wear, worth $4 per dozen, reduced to 20c a pair.
At SO .Cents' *%£
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced heels, double
toes, Hermsdorf dye, regular price 3 pair for $1, reduced to 20c a pair.
MEN'S UNDERWEAR!
At 5O Cents.
250 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANITARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS.
shirts finished with silk binding and drawers with Uouble-etitched taped seams,
pood value for 90c, will be closed out at 50c each.
Uv^v. . "■ Z~--. : J,- Art SO Cent<i.
250 dozen MEN'S HE A.VY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
shirts fancy silk-stitched and drawers silk bound, good value for 90c, will be closed
out at 50c each. : V:^- ; »
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
" * .At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK. SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors, Value 10c,
will be closed out at 5c a yard.
1 At Tli Cents.
No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors,
value J.sc, will be closed out at 7J^c a yard. . r..,.
LADIES' WAISTS.
At 75 Conts.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, "Stanley waist," all fancy shades, reg-
ular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
. ; - v .' ■.'• At 91.00.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped
and figured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed
out at $1 each. .; ;; v .. . ;
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
.At 25 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' DRAWERS, made of heavy muslin, yoke band, finished with in-
sertion cluster of tucks and ruffle of embroidery, regular price 50c, will be closed
out at 25c. ' .
-A.t 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES-CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, yoke of tucks and embroid-
ery, will be closed out at 35c
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES, finest selected feathers and
best made goods, from $2 25 to $8 50 each.
BLACK. GRAY AND WHITE OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, finest qualities, in 36
,45 and 84 inch, all at the lowest prices. '
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 54- inch, at fl, $1 50 and $1 75 each.
/M/M***' MURPHY BUILDINGi /
(/(/ Martot strset craw ol ]mi /
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
rVH.MAKY 4JK THE *1 Ai».Jl Ji XS.
Silver recovered sharply.
Vr" hen- active and higher.
Wheat Freights ditto, ditto.
The other Cereals as before.
Hay demoralized.
Large stocks of Coal coming.
Hides higher. Tallow lower.
Hops neglected.
Wine rapes advancing.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Vegetables ye y dull.
Two cars Eastern Poultry gold.
All Fruits quiet. !
No change in Dried Fruit*.
Provisions in fair demand.
Butter lower and weak.
Cheese ana Eggs unchanged.
irxpTanatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
it station indlca.e maximum temperatnr" for ihe
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount ot
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Itnes, connrct pom s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
wor 1 "hi"h" means high barometric pressure and
Is usv»l,y accomDanled by fair weather: "low"
rt-ferj to low pressure, and Is u-u&lly preceded
and acoon.p»!i;ed by c.ouJy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the WHshlnirtoo
coast. When the pressure is high In tha Interior
and low along tbe coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "li.w" is inclosed with Isobars ol
marked curvature, rain south of ' 'n-qnn is improb
able. With a "high" in Ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
ihe ■ ressure falling to the California coast, warrnei
weather may be expected tn summer and coidei
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
fell) produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BCRKAU REPORT.
Inited States Department ok Agriccit
tcre. Weather Bureau, ?AN Francisco, Sept.
16, 1896. 5 p. m.— Wea.her 'conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 58, Ked Bluff 82, -an Francisco 69.
Fr.-sno 86, San Lu;s Obispo 90. Los Angeles 92,
San Diego 80, Yuma 108.
son FranchCO oaia— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 56. nu-;-.n6J.
An urea of high pressure overlies the northern
half of the coutur. to-night. The pressure has
f»l en slightly. along th- central coas of I alifornia.
The temperature has remained stationary over
the entire country west of the P.ocicy Mountains
viih the exception of Utah, where it has fallen
atom 8 decrees. The temperatures are' normal
throughout the great valleys of California.
No rain i.as f«ilt?n w. st or the Rocky Mounains.
Ltgh smoke is reported at many of the northern
stations. - .
Forecast made at San Francls-o for thirty hours
ending rnldriUht, September 17, 1896:. i .
Northern California— Fair Tnursday. with prob
ably llsht fo; in the morning along the coast;
lightly warmer in the nor hern portion: lljth.
northwesterly winds on the coast; northerly winds
Inland.
!-outliern California— Fair Thursday, with fog
Thursday morning on the northern coast ; light
westerly winds. - ■ . '■•' "
Nevada— Fnlr Thursday. . ■ ■ . ■ • .
Utah— Fair Thursday; warmer In northern por
tion. ■ • .' i
Arizona— Fair Thursday; continued high tern
perntnr s. : .' . . : .
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly wind. . . » ■
A. G. Me A bib. local Forecast Official.
NEW Vdltß MAKKETS.
T'iiiMiiclal.
NFW YORK, N. V. . Pept 16.— Low prices
were the rule at the Stock Exchange to-day. Pro
fessional operators were bearish to a man and
under offerings from this continent the market
gradually declined. 1 here was little news afloat
toafte't values and the dec.lne brought was due
principally to the selling by the traders who have
been predicting a reaction for some days pas'..
Money on call was more difficult to obtain and 8
per cent was paid in isolated cases. Bankers were
inclined to refuse local borrowers on Stock Ex
change rolla.eruls for the reason that the demand
from the West and South was more than enougn
to absorb their idle balances. ■
The firmness of the money market coupled with
the a< tlvlty of the bearish element forced holders
of sticks on slender margins to llqulda.e. Tie
easier conditions of discounts in theop»n market
in London and private cables to the effect thai th«
Bank of England directors may nut advance the
bank rate on Thursday was lost sight of, or at any
rate ignored. Sugar wan the most active stock on
the list, figuring up for 67.400 . hares in a tot of
201.664 shares. . The slock was hammered down
from lllVa to IOSV3. ex-alvldend of 3 percent,
and; brokers alleged 10 be acting for lower W4II
street in tils were give.i out as the large* sellers.
The stoc-; had little .-.up.-or.. a .d closed at
lOfcVgi * loss of nearly 2 percent on ttiedar.' Other
Important dec lues lollow: Tobac o sold down
11/2 to 68%: Burlington. lVi 10 64%: Chicago
Gus, 1% 10 66 y ? : Si Paul,- i 14 to bbV'a: - o<.ic
Island, is/si- 57: Manhattan, ~/s to Sly*; Kan
sis and lexi.s preferred, 114 to 201,4; Jersey
Central, IVi to 98; l'enr.essee Coal, iy 8 to 18^4.
and i.ea:her preienvd, Ito 48>/a. In the Ime Ive
slocks Lackawuuna drooped 6 to 152. Specula
tion closed steady. Net changes show losses of
V4<s23/a per cent. , • • '
Bones were dull and lower; sales were $E6O COO
Den\. ri.nd Bio Grande fours fe;l 1 .0 86; Kansas
P«i iflc n-nsiilidkted sixes certificates, 114 tocO%:
Kansas and Texas fo rs, lVi: to 7s -,3, 3 ■ Long Is and
ferry fours and a v if, 2 to 89: Normwe-it oonsoli
dated -evens. a*4l to I 0214; -Heading first pre
ferrrd, 1 to 3134: Southern hallway consolidated
fives, 1 to 83: IVxks Pacific firsts, 1 to 78, and
W a bash seconds 1 Vi - <> 66. .
In Government b mi- 946,000 coupon fonrs of
19J5 sold at 114@1 143,4 $3000 do of 1907 at 107
and 930,000 coupon fives at 110. '
Grain.
FLOUR— Steady: dull. Winter wheat.low grades
91 ~0(a2 50: do, fair to fancy, $2 4O'a3 40; do
patents, $3 45(0,.'. 75 Minnesota clear. $3 20r<A
370 do. s nits, 92 85@3 .^U; do. patents, $3 1..<&
4 06: low ex;ras. *1 7or©2 50: city mills. 93 90?
do, patents, 94@4 26. Kye flour steady, $2 25
@2 75.
CXiu.NMK L— Unchanged; quiet. Yellow West
ern. 91 95®2. ' • • • • •
HVi —Firm; unchanged. Western, 38»4@:i9i-.
BAH Li V— Quiet; unchanged. New feeding",
31)14(8303^0, eeaing.
\ViiEAi— Quiet; firmer. No. 2 red, f. o. b.
68 a 4C: ungraded ;rea, j~(<£69c; No. 1 Northern'
6(i@66y4C
■ •!-.. 0.1s were moderauly active and fl m at *Ac
advance, followinc me West and firmer tabes,
wi h the increase In the world's visible lets than
expected. December most active. May closed
7oVi : !-eptember. 6£<i/ 8 Uctuoer, 66V4C; No
ven.ber, »tsi<tc:: December. 67c.
COU.\— Spot quiet; firm. .No. 2, 26c elevator
-27c afloat.
Option* were dull and steady at Vs® 1*?1 *? advance
and without featur<s December on. v traded in
September do- «k1 26c: October, i.tiy,c: December
27% c; Ma 80c. . ■■ • t. 4 r" muer «
Oats— Spot, quiet: firmer.
Options dull; . steady. -September, 26c: Octo
ber. 261/2 C: becember. 27 y 8 c
*pot prices: >o. -, JOe; No. i whit-, '-'41,4 c; No 2
Chicaeo, -.jc; .no 3, 18c; No. 3 while. 22*; mixed
V\.aiern. lt-teL'lVac: white do, 20@29y 3 c; white
: rovlnlnn*
I * J I'— Quiet, firmer: >v«it#rn steam, *3 67V«
-city. * 3 40; ..September. 93 65, nominal: refined
doll : continent, $4; &uuiu American, $« 45 com-
IVUnd, K3/i(g|4c. ' •
lORK -■■ teady, quiet; new mess, $7 50®
8 25.
1-ITIK1; — uns«t:lefl, liberal supply; \V c VPrn
FIaAKUaL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
vv MbL;L<>CK & Co.,
«fc Leldeedorir St., Tel. Main 1854,
. ' BUNCH orriCK •,--<■
133. Market St., Palace Motel. Tel. Main 5828
J. S. I'Mtuy. Manager.
Orders instantly • executed on latest 1 market quo-
_ • Ulloas. Ketereiiu* Ist National Bank. H. F. 1
eniCA.au rUV*'U . Mff yorx,
1 dairy. J<@lli' 2 c: do creamery, ll@16c: do factory
7(al'lc: KlKins. I 60: Imitation creamery, o>l2c,
CUEKSK— . Inn, moderate demand-, part skims,
B@6c: full skims, li&@-c. _• »r .. -.
fcUGS- Steady; western fresh, 14@16c; do »
case. S2 1( @ > 60.
TALLOVA— Bteadjr; city, 3 3-1 6©3 Vic: coun
try, 3V*(aiSVic
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet; held steady: crude,
21c: yellow, prime, 24c. ■
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined New York.
86 85; Philadelphia, 96 80; do in bulk, 84 30®
4 35. .r • . J ;..'',.
RlCE— Firm: fairly active; domestic, 3Va@s3 /4 c;
Jaran, 4@4V 4 c - - .
Mi 'LASSES— fair demand; New Orleans,
27®R7c
FLAX SEKD— 72%c, c. I. f.
COFFEE— Options opened steady, B points up to
5 down; closed steady, unchanged to five points
down. Sentember. $t 60@9 65 : ; October. »9 10;
November, *H 80ffl9 05: < December. 98 85@9;
Januar , 8 85@8 90.; < March. 98 85@8 95; April,
98 95; May. ** 8&®8 95. sio 1:10, firmer. - •
.bUGAK — Quiet. No. 6, 4S/ 8 c; No. 7. 4 Vic:
No. 9,* 4 11-1 6 c; Mold A, c; off A, 4 7-16©
4V&c; s and, rd A, 4*/ 4 c: confectioners' A, 4&/ 8 c:
cut loaf, -6s/ g c:--. crashed. s>/gc; powdered, 6c;
granulated, /4 c; cubes, 6c
; J mil and Product.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@loc .
PJCACHES— Peeled, r/@l4c: dounpeeled, 6@Bc.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 4%(rfsc
I RAISINS— Two-crow r. loose Muscatel. S3^'a4c:
Ido three-crown. 5V4@5V3' "• do •our-crowu, sV>c:
do London layers, &I@l 15: clusters, SI 2oial 40.
Hops— Dull. easy, racflc 1 oas:, SOttJijf.
WOOL -Moderately active. Domestic fleece, 16®
23c; pulled, 18te31c;' lexas, 7(«lac. ,
MercliandU^.
Tin JFor— Quiet. American «10 25(812 50.
lOrPEB-Quiet. Lake. 10 76(311.
1 i Ah- Firm. Domestic. #2 B.><s- 85.
ll>-Flrm. straits. 513®13 15; nates steady.
fcPKLTtK-Flat. Dr•r^^-.. . S3 tO»J 6tt
CH.CAGO MAKKrTS.
rBTCACn, 11.1,. Sept. 16.— St. Louis achieved
dls lnctlon as a factor in the. wheat market to-day.
Prices at that pace were in an ascending mood
and Chicago, without displaying any parties
animation, advanced in sympathy. The strength
of St. Louis was not exhibited until some time
i.fter the opening, and until then very little busi
ness was trans ac ed at this pi: cc. The receipts.
296 cars at Chicago and 932 in the Northwest,
w re consider) d .liberal. Liverpool wits quoted
steady, which was commented upon. inasmuch as
our decline of yesteidi>> was, therefore, not re
sponded to. Bui the-e matters did not 1 ppeur to
have much Influence for good or bad 0:1 prices.
The marke was barely steady from the start
until the advance at St. l.ouis took place. The re
c ip s it Minneapolis and Dulutb last Wednesday
were 920 oars and a year ago 92 cars. Local
withdrawals from store were 157,027 bushels.
B adstieet's reported an increase In the world's
stocks of 2.722,000 bushels . Closing Paris aid
Berlin cables were lower and An wtrp unchanged.
I Reliable authorities In the Northwest predicted an
) early falling off in the arrivals in that section. Ex
{ port clearances amounted 10 317,318 bushels. De.
j cember wheat opened from 59 to 59 s / 8 sold
between 69Vi@6f s/ g c and tiOVac, Closing at 60V*@
I Bis/ c. Si(gl% <: higher than yesterday. Estimated
receipts tot 10 morrow 215 cars. . .
CORN— Was a shade easier at the stun, receiv
ing aireng h from wheat later in tbe session, but
not becoming active at any time. Whatever xpec
ulHtlon there is In grain at the present time cen
-1 ters 'in wheat, and only unimp, mint dealings in
I corn or oats take pine*. Receipts to-ilay were 4$Q
, curs. 23 mire than expected, and 469,757 bushels
were taken from store. Liverpool c. bl> s were V*<i
loner Bradstree s reported a decrease in stoctcs
j 01 959,000 ou<hels. Export clearances amounted
i to 425, bushels. ' May corn opene 1 at 2-41,4-,
j advanced to Xii/ 3 :a'24S/ 6 c, where It closed, Vs.? Vie
higher than y ester Jay. .Estimated receipts tor to
] morrow 476 cars. -
■ > '.Vl's- firmness with Indifference was the
: feature of the oat m«rket to-d-y. The receip s. j
I 236 cars, were 64 short Of the estimate, which pro
tiuced toe haroness in the opening tone. With- 1
1 diawals'from store were 2-.<,031 bushels. Brad- j
I street's reported an increase in nt cks of 1.103,000 I
I bushels. Export clearances were 29,077 bushels. !
I May oats cos d Vsfa-Vic higher than yesterday. j
Estimated receipts tor to-morrow, 210 cars.
i- . AX— Was steady lor cash and firmer for
futures. Cash 65c : September. 86c, nominal; De
cember. 6tiSi@ii7 Vie Receipts were 84 cars.
PKUVI I. >S— Through -ym|,a:h with grain,
provision* revived from the weakness which pre
i vailed at the opening, prices recovering a mode
i a c lugs, but the market shotting an almost
j neglected condition. The early absence of firm
-1 nest reflected a similar feeling in the hog market
at the yards. At the close January )>ork was "Vie
1 higher, January lard 5c higher, and January ribs a ;
I sbadi- higher.
1 BUT. i-.K — Business In the butter market was
! Hen to-day and the market showed an Inclination
I todratr. Prices were, unchanged. -■*'-■
! Creameries— Extras, 15c 1* Tb: firsts, 14c;
I set-onus, local. c; imitations, iancy, . . lviitfi.tc.
i;ainea— Kxiras, 13c: firsts, Il@l2c: onds, 10c
Ladles— Extras. 9y2(&10c; firsts, B^BV* C ; Packing
stock. 6667 c: grease. 4@sc.
KGGS— Were In iiich. . supply and good demand.
Prices were firm. Fresh s.octc, 13V^@14c ft doz.
MUNKi— B>u.7K on call aud i% on time
loans, Atw \ork exchatigv sold at »1 15 dis
count. '
-Closing -Prices.
iv-nrAT— sent*mb*r. 691/8°; December, BOy*®
60 a/ c: May, 64% c. . . . .
•1 «^u.\— fcept»iu»er.- 20% c: December, I!i6'B©
21»4c; May, 24%@ 4%?- . . : ■ .
L.A'l!?— Sepiemotr. isi,4c: December, 163 ac;
May. B @l9c.
J-oKK-;-»-iii*mber. $5' 72%: October, $5 77%:
January. 16 ;7%- . .
jAhi/-K*pti.hMr, »3 35; October, $3 37%;
January, S3 72%.
i ... — stumor, S3 10; October, 93 12%;
January. S3 77 Viz<^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
I.iTeatoclc.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Ili.. Sept. 16.-Offer
ings of cattle to-day were heavy. Trade was slow
In starting and prices declined 10c on an average.
The hog market was weak and' from 6c to 10c
lower. .The .offerings were quite heavy and the
demand slow. Tbe sheep market was quiet and
barely steady. ' Offerings were liberal.
CAITLK — Receipts. 17,000. Fancy beeves.
»500@5 10: choice 10 crime. 1300 to 1700 tr> steers,
$4 60(ai4 a 0: good to choice steers. 1300 10 1600 lb.
14 26®4 50; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 lb. 53 90
' ($4 20: fair beef 'steers. 660 to IbOO lbs,
fa 60 ® 3 85; butcher steers. S3 00 (a, » 60;
[ choice stocker* and feeders,. 900 to 1250 lb. (3 40
@3»0: fair do. 600 to 876 to. tOte3 jib; bulls,
choice to extra. $2 80ia,a 26; bulls, poor to choice,
SI 76©- 75: cows ana h-lfer«. choice toextra. S3 .0
fa.3 85: cows, lair to choice, S2 25@3 40: <ows.
common to fair canners. SI 25@2 10: calves, good
to cho.ee. 85 75(<£6 00: calves, common to good,
S3 50©5 70; Texas grass steers. S2 iJO©.' 90.
Texas cows and bulls, SI 7502 60; vv - stern can
ning sie»Ti, $2 66@4; Western rauge cows ana heif
ers. $2 00^3 3J milkers and springers. %* bead,
S20&38: Western range steers, *2 7003 70.
liuus — Receipts. 28,V0a .heavy packlnc ana
(nipping lots. S2 6&W3 50: common to choice
mixed, S2 76®3' 30: choice assorted. So 26©
.> 30; light, S2 HU(fl,;i asi pigs, S2tfl»3 25
- 17,00 a ini«riuc to choice,
*175(&3; iambs, »2 60 1 .4. ■_• .:
. CALIFORNIA . FRUIT . SALES
i CHICAGO, 111-, Sept. 16.— Earl Fruit Com
| pan sold California fruit to-day /as for ows:
I Pears— Bartiett, $1 25@1 70. Peaches— 6o@Boc;
Grapes— Sl@l 35; Muscat, 95c. Prunes—
Oros, 80r(aSl 30; Hungarian, Sli@l 06; silver, SI;
Italian, 95. (451. -
-MEW. YORK. Sept. 16. — Porter Bres» Com
pany sold ,t a.itornta fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay. 82 70 per double crate and 75c^
5205 for -ngie: assorted, Sl(a»l 55: Muse is, 6bc
1 @$1 45. Pears— Zoe, 92 per box and 85c per half
box; Bu.rt.etis, $1 40@l 86 per box and 90c per
■ lihl. box. Prunes— Sliver, $-1 15@125 ler half-
I crate; German. B&c@sl 25. Mums-, olden I»r<», s,
i a2O per half-crate. Peachi s— Bak- rsfleld Clinzs.
1 80- per box; PI; quet's La.c, 60®70c; Sal ways, 45
@70c. j-. h - - - ■
;'; ; * Mi\* " iv >iOUKS,
Bonds, Exchange, Mmitf and Railroad
. Sharp*.
Money on call firm at 6r<t7%: last loan at 6%
and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercanil paper,
<-@10%. j»i Kiiver, 651/nc. 'Mexican (19,'iars, 60»4
CdiSzcVa- Merlins >xcnanxe ' was dull, with
M ual business in bankers' bills at $4 8iy 2 f34 b2
for«.xty days, and 94, g:- 3/4r<5»43 /4 r<5»4 841/4 for lcinand.
I Pos ed rates. 94 fc2@i 84Va- Commercial bills.
i 54 > - 0 1 /2@* Hli/4- Government bonds weak. State
I uoudsuull. Kaiiroad bonds easier. Silvar at the
I board waa h gher.
. , exo^nen KToeir*. . . . .
Am Tel A Cable.. 85 Norfolk * WMtni 8«/,
Atehlson llVs Preferred....... . 12S
• Preferred... 166,8 Northern Pacific, li
Adams Express.... 142 Preferred 18*4
Alton. Terre Haute 55 .Northwestern 963/1
American Xx press 107 Preferred 140
American ToDacco. 67V4 K.Y. Central ... 81 "
Preferred. ".. •95 N. V.. Chicago* 934
FsyStateUas 16 I Ist preferred..... (Ss
• Baltimore & Ohio:. 12 8 / i 'Yd erred «... 26
Brunswick Lands.. % N, V.4 N, a . 164
buffalo. Koch AP. 17 IX. Y. & New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific. 56 X.Y., bnsq & W... • iy.
Canada Southern.. 43Vs Preferred. 2 s/.
Canton Land....... &o^n . ntario. - / 10
central Pactttc 131/4 < marto & Western 12va
t'hes. & Ohio i 33 Oregon Improvmnt 1Z
Chicago A1t0n...... 163 -Preferred. ——
Preferred ....... 165 < rtgon Navigation 12
Chicago, a 4 Q... 64 »/ t Oreeon Short Line. 10'
Cnicavo<fe K. 111... 38 JacificUati,. 3r. „
Preferred UO I 1 eorla. D. A JEvaiis I*l
Cblrae>><iM 5> 4 Pittsbnre AW. pfd 15
Clevedt Pktsbnr«..ls 1 , I oilman Pa1ace... .141
.Consolidation Coal. 31 • Quicksilver I^4,
Consolloated «as..l4lVs ! Preierred......"'. 15
C. C. c. A. at. Louis 23 Readme. .. ... . 1414
Preferred 72 JiitoGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 1 7 Vi Preferred. . 40
Preferred 90 Keck 151 and........ 57y«
Cotton Oil Cert .... 10% Kome\VatAOrten.loßVi
Commercial Cable. 13 *> m. L. A S. W.... 3ia
lei. Hudson.. 19 Preferred........ 7i2
Uel.LackAWestra.lsD Si. Paul 68S/7
Denver AB. U...T. 10 V4I Preferrea . . « . ! 1 26
Preferred-. ....... 4J jet. Paul A Dulnin. . 17
I >«' l«ts — - I l're:erred 76
tirneral Klectrlo... 26Vsr'- Paul A Omaha 35
trie..... .............. 12"4 Preferred. ... U5
•Prfferred... .•.....' 28 • ;fct. I. M. A M ■ 103
Jor; Wayne..;..... 145 ,Ml.ver Cer:iric»tes'. 655*
•rent Northern pfdll^ I*olll hero Pact 80... l. r >v«
«reen Bay - Va fcomuern it i 1... 7
llirlem 300 ■ ■ I'reierred. . . • 10i/ 4
Hocking C0a1.;.... " fnirmr ltellnery'..!" 109
Hocking Valley.... 13 PrererreU. ;....... 9 34
Homeslake.... .. ->4 1 t-nn. Coal A Iron. 19
I . i'li-xasOai... -'•' Preterred. - "..80
Illinois Central....:' BVVaTexa-t Pacific - 6S/a
iowa Central..../.. ■ V 2') 01.A.A.A N. SlVc'n.— 7
Pref«-rrv«i 24^ I 01. 4 onio Cent. ■20
Kansas A Texas . & i Preferred.'. .' ■ 60
Preferred .:.?.... 2ca /4 il ol. Louis* K.C. 5 -'*.
Kingston Pern... 3 1 Preferred. 16
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
Lake Brie A Westo 14%: t'nlon Paclnc 5 14
Preferred.... 63 U. P. Den A Gulf.- I^b
Lake^bore H2v»!t'. S. Coraage SVi
National Lead 20 I Preferred. 7
Preferred *!% Guaranteed ; 13
Lone Island 63 1. 8. press 35
Louisville <fc Nash. 39U|iL l .b. Leather 714
Louisville NaACB 2. ', Preferred. * V 3
Preferred. ....... 6% jU. S. Rubber. 17%
Manhattan Consol. felVi' Preferred. 70
Memphis A Chart*. 15 I'tlca&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central.. x Wnb. !-.. L. A Pac. . 5S/ S
Mlchlga:' Central.. 87 Preferred 13Vs
Minn AS. L. — Wells-Fargo. 00
•I'reierred — — . Western Union.... 79%
.Minn A St. L com. 14 Wisconsin Central. 2
Jst preferred. 65 Wheeling AL. a.. 64.6 4.
2dpreferred...... 38 Preferred..:...... 23i/i
Missouri I'acifla... 17 Am Cotton OH pfd. 44
Mobile & 0hi0... . 16 W. V. Beef 6Va
Nashville A Chatt. 17V3 Ann Arbor 6
National Unseed.. 131, Preferred. 17V
N. J. Central 88V4 I rooklyn l'ractioa. 10V<i
&ortii American... 4V% !t-.rie! t-.rie 2d pia. ■ 16y 3
CXnniKe bovtm.
Ala Class A4s 101 .Northern Pao Ist*. 114 V 2
Do Class 84, 55.. 101 . Do2ds 11- ! 2
Alabama, out C 96 ids 66
Atcnison 48. ....... 74% I >o consul 6s 44
Do'Jilj A... ..... (Jlmproveiuent Ist 72
Canada South 2ds.. 100 I Do 5s 9
ten Pac lsls«f '9s. 98% < R AN lsts. 10 <Vs
therokee 4s, 1898.100 I 1 o ;rn«ol 5s 83
Do 1887 10J Or.-hort Line 65... 104
Do 1898 10J I Doconiss 69
Do 1899... ......n0!) jlaciflc-Jsof 97....
Ches «Onio 65....10/ i% | h laJc eadiim 4s. 72%
ChA-N P Tr Bets 5s :.B°/a: .B°/a Do Is' 1 fd incam. 32
DC3-65S 109>.4'l:UrandeWestlsu 68
Den & P. U Ist IIOV2 --:L<fclronMUlen 5s 69
Do*s. 86 St LA 8 F Oeu 6s 103
Erie ids 68V2H1 Paul C0n5015.. ..123%
FtW&DenCHylsts 49 bt pIA Pa 15t5. ..113
OH ABA6s .. 101 .go Carolina 4%5... 90
I*>2d7s mo southern J{ It 55... 83
Gen Kle. Debbs... 85 Do Pac Cal lsts.. llo
H * Tex Cent 6s. 102 Irnnnew3s 70
Docontfs. 102 1 *XMS Pacific lsts. 78
lowa Central lsts.. 91% Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16%
Kansas Pa Consols 60 >< 4| Union Pac lsts 100
Xt, t*. inu Den dlvlOß I t>4s reg of 1 26. 11 4*4
la Consol 45....... 90 Do 4s, coupon 114"4
Missouri funding. . . — r F4n.i»cof 1907.105%
M X T Mi.. 62 Do An. coupon 107
Do 4s ;; 7884 lcXs 91
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 81% Xioss 110
Mutual Union .107 | > c 6s. conpon. ... 110
> J Cent Gen 6*...l 18% iVa funding deot... 56
N V I4H Louis 45102 I Doreßlstered.... — —
NorAW,'st Gen 65. 105 lo deferred 65... - • 6 r
X Carolina con 45.. 90 I Lo trust rcpiast. 4
Do6s 110 Watiasb Ist 5s 102
X onb west Consols. 1 32 V 4 West Shore 4a...... 103
Do deb 5s 106
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL .
LIVERPOOL, Enq.. Sept. 16.— The spot market
is steady at 6s 7d@ss Bd. Cargoes firmer at 28s 3d,
arrived.
FI'TL'RKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Keel Winter: t-ep
-1 ember. 5s 3Vi>t: October, 5s 3%d: November, 6s
/4 d; December, 6s 4d; January, 6s 4 V 4 d.
BKCUBITIKS.
LONDON, Ens., Sept. Id— Consols, 110; silver,
30y*d : French Rentes, 102f 76c Bullion out of
Bank of England, £203.000-
EXCHANGK AXJ BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — ■ 4 86
New V ork Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine sliver. * ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars ... 60% 61
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Afghanistan takes for Liverpool
6074 die, valued at (61)74: Ecclefecban, for Cork,
67,939 ctls at $69,700; Inverg^rrv, for Cork, 52.
-679ctlsat f 51,165; Brenda, for Cork, 77,074 ctls
$78,447; St. Andrews, for St. Vincent, 89.614 ctls
at $89,614.
The market Is strong and active at Improved
prices, both on and off call. Freights are also
active and higher and this lends to check the ad
vance in Wheat No. 1, 97%@9H54C ?! ctl; choice.
$1: lower srades, 9U(&9&<. ■, extra choice tor mill
ing, $1 ussvai*! 07 Vata t oa.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Isfobmal Pessiox— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 91 OIV:; 4000, SI 01%; 8000,
$1 Of/4. ... '■:. TB. .
t-KcoND Session. — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 02; 2000, $1 O-Vs: 6000. $1 02 Vi-
I'.Knuun Morning kssion— December— 2ooo
Ctls. $1 U2S/ g ; «000. $1 O-V2.
Ar KBHOOH session— December— lß,ooo etls,
fl 021.4; hWO. $1 oai/s- -Mi-v-2000, fl 06
Ba. LKY -shipment of 774J ctls Brewing and
Cheva ler. valued at 56837, to Liverpool.
'1 be market shows no change. We quote
Feed, 6l@6lVic f* 1 U: choice bright, 62V»@65c
» ctl: Brewing. 72Vi®77V»c i»cU; Chevalier, »0c
<g#l for Ma 1. .',;',.,. ;
'.■■;. v .' CALL BOARD BALKS.
INTOBMAI Skbsiok— 9:l6 O'clock— No sales.
Bkcokd session— Dect-mber— 2ooo ctls, 68c.
. Riet'UE Mobninq SKBBIOX— No sales.
avtkknoon bKsaioN— .No sales
OATS-Black, tor ie*ii, are »fllln(f at 70380 c.
Milling. 87 V.j(a92V»c: lancy feed. 92Vfe@95c: ood
to choice. h&d92Va": common 10 fair, 75(&80c;
Gray. 86@87V2C: Surprise. 96c@*l 021,^.
CORN— Is demoralized. I arge Yellow is Quotable
at 2<j0,85r2 <j0,85r Small Bound do, 85(§,87V«c 1* cU;
W^ite, 7i'(g,7sc
KYK-TO(&72ys,c 9 ctl for old and 62Vs@66c for
new.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 86@96c ¥ cIL
FLOUR ASH MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 92 60@3 70 V bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 400
3 60; superfine $2 75<g,3.
COKNMEAL. kTC— Feed Corn. $19@19 60;
Cracked corn. $19 60(c&-0 c* ton.
MILI.STUFF —Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: urahani Flour, (2 10;
Kve Hour. $2 50; Rice Mour, $5 75; Cnrnmeal,
92 10; extra creau do. 9'J 75: atmeal, $2 9U; Uat
i roats, $3 50: Hominy, $3 10^J3 HO; Burkwbaat
Fiour. $3 1.0@3 30: Cracked Wheat, $•-' 7lf: Fa-
Mna. S3 i.O; Whole Wheat >loor, 92 30: Kolled
Oau. $H 50: Pearl itarley, *i 60; >plii I'eas, S3 2u-
Ureen do, »4 10 r 100 lbs.
hay and fekdstuffs.
BRAX— 60 for the best and $12@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDOLINGS-»15@16 » ton for lower grades.
I and $17@18 r toi for the best.
FEKLSTUFFB— Rolled Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton: jobbing, 922: clipped
Oats. 97%c@»l 05 V ctl.
HAY — Wnent Is quotable at 9~@9 f* ton:
Wheat and Oat. 96@8 60: Oat, *5(m7: Barley,
• life'/: i.lver Barley, $4 50«5 ; Alfa, fa, $5 60?*
6 50 lor second unc" $4 50@5 for tint cutting
compressed *b<a9; stock, 54(^5; Clover, 6@7 60.
bTKAW— i,O(g,36c ? bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BE 8— Bay os are quotable at 95C391 16 V ctl ;
Small Whites, 86c@«l 10 V ctl; Pea, »6c
(6sl 16 9 ctl; Large Whites, 80@90c * ctl: Pink,
76© 6c ? ctl: Reds, $I@l 10 V ctl; Blackeye,
$1 25: Red Kidney, 91iatl 10; Limas, 91 500
1 77^: Butters, 91 2C(g,1"40.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard. $2 65©2 66; Yellow
Mustard. $1 26(g,l 60: Flax. $1 25; canary. 2 VI
■3»4c it It; Altalfa, nominal; Rape, 2 Vac; Hemp,
3V»c f( rb.
l.i.i.D PEAS- $1 10@l 40 $ ctl for Nlles and
91 25<&1 60 for Oreen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VtGKTABI.ES.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes. 91@1 12V% 1* ctl;
Garnet Calles, 50(g,65c V* Oil: Early Hose, 2o@Soc;
Burbank Seedlings, 25@b0c lor Riven and 60S
80c for Salinas. . . '
OMi>.\»— 2o@2sc 9 sack; Pickles, 5Cc ft sack.
VEOETABLKS— Price > showlitilt- change. Mar- !
rowfat Squash quotable at $5@7 50 V ton; Green !
Corn, 2&@)(>oc '?, sack; AlanudaCorn. Boc@<l V»
crate; Berkeley Corn. 35^S0c box: summer
Squash, */o@3oc 't> box for Bay: Egg Plant, 25®
36c V box: 'lomatoes. lbss2oc ft box for Kivers
and 16(<3)25c '?. box tor Bay: Alnmeda Cucumbers,
20^6c; lick 60@65c * box for So 1 and 25@
bOc.^ ctl fur No. X; Ureen i'eppers, 25@3-.c «t
large box for Chile and 25@30c for I .ell: Gre-n
Peas, 60. @$ * sack for common and 2c H« Kb for
Garden; Mring Beans, 60($7&c 9 sack for com- !
mon and 1 Vita--' 1 ~t ib for garden: Li mas. 25@75c
V sack; Green 0kra. .35©40c V box; Dried Ok ra.
12V^c V &>: » übbitKe. 40c %* cv; Carrots, 25(*30c
%* sack; liarllc, i(s,l3/ic ft tt>.
ISUTXKK, tHEi; E AND KGGS.
BUTTER— The market Is off again and very
weak, with pressure to sell '
Lbkamkby— Fancy, 26@26c * B>; seconds, 23@ ;
24c lb.
Daisy— Fanrv, 23c 9 tb: good to choice, 19®
22y a c: lower s, l.Va@l7iA.c * lb.
I'll KLKD— li©l7i ft to.
Firkin— l4(«,l >C ft It.
CIiEKbK- Choice mi|d new, 8y 2 @9c: common to
(food old, 6(dßc «t tt> Cream Curddar. 10@llc;
Yoang America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc: East
ern, i i<ai3c 9 m. .
EGG —No further change. Oregon arc quot
able at 12'.eU3c ~j dozen; Eastern, 14Vs@16c 9
dozen for imr to cho:ce and >-c for fancy: store
Eggs. 12©14 c for nary and 16(^17 Va<" tor good;
ranch Eggs, V2yi.'a.2Bc; cold storage ranch, 17@
18c; Duck Eggs. 1d(g.17 9 doc
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— cars of Kastern sold at 12c for
Turkeys, 93 26@4~ for. Ducks, $1 for Geese. 94 50
<&:> for Hi"s.s..@j 50 tor ■on up; l;oost> $4CO
4 60 It oid Roos'-<rs and 9- 61«@.-i for Broilers.
1.0 i.-l stock Is an 1 a d ncban^e-t.
1..v» 1 urke s ar* quotable; at ia:a.isc 9 Ib for ,
Gobbler . 12@14c V It, for 1 ens: verse, ft pair,
$ @1 25: <osliiigs, 91 25@1 60: lurks, $- 60©3
V <>•■« foro.d and $3 su(<& . 60 for young; Hens.
946*4 0: Boosters, vuiuu, $.< 50(a 4 60 > doz: do,
old, *4ra4 60: Fryers, »-• 75@3: Broilers, $-J 60<$
3 tor large and.. 9-(»2 60 tor. *miUI; Pigeons,
*l:50@l 76 if* aosen tor young and 91@1 25 tor
old. •
ii A MX— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD IRIITS-
P aches are In hea/y supply and only choice
monntain ire ■» bring the top quotation.
Quinces, 3 (Ssoc «> box.
Peaches, 20(a6. c >» box. .
Plums. -.f,(g>jOc # ox unes,4o@6oa
Pome ( cr4tiu.('B.-e0i r 4)76c 9 box.
Apples, 7..i_i'g,sl %t ik»x for choice and .'6060 c
for common." ": ,^:- • • ' k . -.
Pears, SU@soc 'ft box; Bartletts, 75c®$l ft large
box.
Figs, 26@40c 9 box for white and 25®50c tor
black.
BERRIK*-—
strawberries, 1* chest for Longworths and
f-'@4 for large berries. - ■ . . ,
Raspberries. txati ■$ chest.
Bluckber $2®4 $ chest.
Huckleb-rr,- loc Ib. - ■■ . -
Cranberries from Wisconsin and Cape Cod are
quoted at SlO 9 bhi. «...
GRAPES— Wine Graphs' are steadily rising and
the' trade expect to see .hem touch $:-<0 this
season. Table Grapes com nut) quid, reed es*
are auotahlf at 25(<t35c 9. box: Isabellas. 50@,65c
'$ civ.te: Tokays, i!s@su<. $ box:. Blue-; urapes,
2S®»^c ■& box: Muscats. -.':@4oc: Hwietwau-rs
and Fontainebleaux, 26©35 c > box; Grapes in
crates bring sft£loc more than in boxes.
Zmfxndel VTne <.<rap>s, $'22@-'> l» ton. . |
" MKLi-NS— Watermelons. $Vft»S ¥ 100: Canta
loupes, 50(^h5c « crate: Nuiraegs, 2'@3.c V box.
CITR. s FRV its— Oranges, $;@3 1* box lor
Va'en las and $1 50 fi box for Mediterranean
Sweets: Lemons, 75r@.fl 60 %i box tor common
and t'i 50Ca,3 60 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
fs(§is :O V box: Cali'ornia Limes. 60(a75c: JU
nanas,' $l(a,j ft bunch; Pineapples, Vl'&'i 60 * doz.
DRIED IKUIIS, RAISINS, NUTS, El C.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
low*: •
Cabload Apricot*. 6@Bc "$ tb for Royals
and l(*10c ft lb. for choice to fnncy -Moorparks;
Prunes He f* lb; reaches, 304 c«i ib for prime to
choice, 6 Vic for fancy and t»®loc forjpeeiedln
boxes: Apples, 5c for evaporated and 2@2Vfecfor
sun-dried; Pears. li/,@3c tor prime to-choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4^.6"c for halves; Plums, 4c for pit
ted and iy 2<<s2c2 <<$2c for un pitted; Nectarines. 3(J3i4c
for cb-jice »uu c for fancy; white Figs, He; black
Figs, 2 14 65 .'i ..c.
Jobbisu Pbimcs— New Peaches. 4V4@si/- c f,
&>;. tancv, 7C7 C -# lb; new Apricots, 6(siC $ Tb:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, ll'@llc: new evaporated
Apples, be: sun-dried. 3c; i'rhnes, 8c for the four
s'zps: new Figs, black. '.'Vie for unp eased »nd
3@3t^ for pressed: while i Us, 4c; Plums. 5c for
pitted and IV c for unpitted; new Nectarines. 4
@&c fl lb for in.me to fancy: Pears, '2^@'6c for
whole, 2 Y-i (&i Vic for quarters and 4@;>c for halves.
-RA SI s. — ■ • • •
• ael ad Pbic 8, r. o. ». Fbksno— Four-crown
loose. 4c; 3-croun, 3V4c; 2-cro« v, 2s^c: Seedless
Sultanas, 4c; heedless Muscatels. 2V>2C; 3-crown
London layers, $110; clusters, SI 35; Debesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
1 apes. 244 cf. lb.
Jobbing !'ki i-s— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 3%c f! Ib; 2-crown, Bcs Ib: seedless sul
tanas, 6c $ lb; seedless Muscatels, 3VaC; 3-crown
London lunrt. $1; clusters, 50: Dehesaclus
ters, «2 50: Imperial cluster*, 2 60.
NUTS— Quo at ions are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c ft lb for Lantuedoc,
v* .. lb for hardshell and 9@loc tfl lb for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts 4@6c "f» tti tor Kastern an.i
4c for California; Hickory Nuts, 6@Bc V lb;
Pecans, 7V 2 @t»c; Filberts, 7J^&Bc; brazil Nuts,
7y 2 @Bc %) !b; Cocoanuts, *4&5 «i 100.
lio.NKV- 1 1 0(0,12 Vac lor bright and s@9c
for lower grsdrs: waier-wm:e extracted, s@sVa c :
light amber extracted. 4i™(Sr43/4C; dart amber, 4(<j
*V4c;^ aarit, l:&3c V tb.
fcEEsWAX-iS^ic f. lb.
PROVISIONS.
1 CURED MEATS-Bacon, 6Mjc * ft for neary,
7VzC ¥ ft for light medium. 9<d)fli^c "$ Ib
for light, 10©llc for extra lUu; and 12c fursngar
ci.red; Eastern sucar-cured Hams, l-y 2 a)l3c:
California Hams. Kn^llc 9 Ib: Mims Beef. $7198:
extra mess do, »8 60@9; family do. ?10@ll; extra
prime Pork, 98&8 60; extra Clear, $13 ¥ bbl:
mess. 911 60® 12 $ bol: >mo^ed Beef, 10c V tb. "
LARD- Eastern tierces la quoted at 4V4c ? &>
for compound and 6^4c for pure; palls, be ft Ib;
California tierces, 4y 3 c for compound and 6Va c or
pure; ha f-bbls, sSic; 10-lb tins, 6V4C; do 6-tt>,
ev»c « a,. .
t OTI ui.EN K-6 Vh@6V 2 c In half-bbls and 6s,i@
7y« » lb in 10-lb tin?.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND PKIN- — Hides are hither. Tal
low Is lower. The circular of W. B. Bumner & Co.
says: "There has been no special change during
the past month in Hides and Leather, and the
mailcet generally has been quiet and prices steady.
There seems to be a little more confidence in the
X si, as the financial market has some small signs
of improvement. In consequence, therefore, mere
has been somewhat mor 01 a movement in Hides
»nd Leather, although the trade genera. ly is very
quiet. Wet sailed Hides continue In moderate de
ma id, being taken by the tanneries In this mar
ket, and thereiore rule rule at rather liberal
figures. All dry flint Hides have to be shipped to
the Hast, as very few ure tanned- in this market,
and prices therefore are based on the vMue* which
are ootainnble In New ork and Boston. Dry Kips
continue very dull and rule at about 2c %> lb less j
than dry , Hides. Dry Calf are weak at lower
figures Wool and >heep skins are very quiet and
ru.< at lower figures than ever before known. Tal
low is very dull. Tiie best grades of Tallow are
si-linn In Chicago and New Yor from Me to 3V B r."
Heavy sal ■ .1 steers are 'qnoiabe at bUc V tt,-.
culls and brands, 5V 3 c: medium, s VtMdc; culls uud
brands, 4Vs<i-c V &>: iUht.4@ll.3c: cnlU and
branan. 3Vs(o4c; Cowmd's. 4(^sc: cuils and brands.
3i's@4V 2 c: s»lten Kip, sc: salted Calf, 6@7c ~t lb:
salted Veal. 6®6c; dry Hides. 9(al0c: culls and
briiiias, 7@7^c; dry Kip and; Veal. |Bc: cull", 6®
7c ft tb; dry calf, 16c; culls, 10, ; Goatskins. 203
Sftc each: Kids, 6c: Deei»kln», good summer,
20' 2.'c r &>: medium, 15® Oc: winter. 7@9c;
Sbcepnklns. sbenrlnzs. 10d>T5g each; short wool,
20035 c each; medium, 40(*a0c each : long wools,
6O(sbO each. Culls of all kinds about Va- less.
iAi.UiW-No. 1. rendered, 2%@2%c: .\o. 2,
2@21.4c; refined. 43;<a.5e: Grease, 1 Vie » !b.
WOOL— New San Jo»quin Fall, 2iA@4c V lb.
We quote Spring clip: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
10@llc; Nevada, 6@B >c: San Joaquin and south
ern Coast, six months "3y 2((t.5c:2 ((t.sc: northern free de
fective. 4 1 -j'c 61'jj.- fib.
HOPS — New Calltornlas are offered at 6c, with
no buyers.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta "rain Bags, spot, 94 12y 2 20:
San Quentli., $4 20; Wool Ba-.-s. 24i^@26^c. .
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "The en
gaged list of Coal carried from Australia (46 yes-
Be s In all) now afloat and to load shows a carry
in: capacity of over 1- 0,000 ions. This Is quite a
fnrmldab c list, and latterly it Is being added to
very fast, showine conclusively that Colonial Coal
will b» a leading factor In lie coming season as a
fuel for steam uun.oses. There are 16 vessels
(one In ballast) now en route :rom - castle and
six from Sydney, with about 67.000 tons of Coal,
fit of this should come here within the next 60
days The market Is entirely bare of tbe better
grades, such as Wallsend. etc . still the asking
prices for cargoes nearly due indicate that o.ber
grudes of ! i«>l are .being substituted, or better
quotations uould rule. - Second grades of Newcas
tle and Sydney are rinding favor with large con
sumers, in con racts are now being freely made
lor delivery Into next year at prices heretofore un
known here. The quotations named runs leave a
very meager margin for the Coal and for the car
riers, vet Importers are' eagerly seeking order*.
Next year Swan en shipments will be materially
dimimst el by our Incrt-as d imports of Australian,
as at quoted values the later Is much more eco
nomical, there being at present over $1 9 ion in
its favor." .......
Wellington Is quotable at 98: New Wellington,
98 V ton: Soul field Wellington. $7 50 « ion;
:-eatUe, 95@5 60: - Bryan'., $6; coos Kay, $4 60:
Wallsend. 97: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. $7 60;
CumoerluiKi, 913 50 '?. ion In balk nnd 916 In sks:
Pennsviv-anm Anthracite Egg. 911 V ton: Welsh
anthracite, 99: Cannel. -. 97 50: . ock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 tSO: Coke,
$1 1@12 in bulk »nd 913. 9 ton in Rks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5 %C;
Powdered, 5S /8 c: Fine Crushed, 5?/gc; Dry Granu
lated, 4i>4c: confectioner^'. A, 454,-: ...agnosia A,
43/ ac; Kxira 0,4140; GoldenC, 4y g c;' half barrels,
1-4 c1 -4c more than barrels, and boxes vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality. 4%@Sc; second do. 4®
4 Vic: mint 00. 3y a c V tt>- • ;
\ KAL— Larite,4(dsc;, small, s@6c 3 lb.
MUTION-Wethers, 4%@5c; . Ewes, 4@4VaC
T* lb.
LAMB— 6@6c Ib. ■
POBK— Live i.oirs. VAc?, Ib for large and 'J% c
for small and medium : dressed do, 4Vfc©sc "s*>.
KJECKIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. ... Ton 24 hours. v
Floor, qr Rks.... 18,7641 Hides, no 684,
Wheat, ct15...;. .160.3H6 I'elts. bd'5. ...... 700
liarley. c.ls 5.79.V Win-, gals 14 8 0
Beans. Hks .. 3.0 Wool, bu..'..... 31
Corn. Neb, ctls.. 375 Sugar, b bis 3,228
lotntoes. sks.... 2.529 Lumber, A feet- 110
onions, s is 6v'B Leather, r0115.... 36
Braii i. Rks 1,707 Lime, bbls 8i
Middlings, sks... , 620 : Flax seed sks.... . 147
Hay, t0n5........ 715 (bicorr. bb.s. .. 26
Butter, ctls 16 A Hops. bis... 6a
Cheese, ctls I*7 Mustard Seed. sk 624
Kggs. dor 10.110 Ta.low.ctts. 65
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph G. Levensalerto John H. Pratt, lot on .V
l.?'« k' » ombllr(1 « reet, 106 W of Franklin, W
82:6 hv 137:ti; ?10 - - -
occidental Loui Association to Mathllde H.
Dncker, lut on s line of Hal K ht street. 182 :6 Wof
BuchMiia , W 30 by S l.O: *55«0.
Howard K. and Jean Well man Wright to Percy
J. and Acnes i ree c, lot on \V , lino of Webster
street, to Nof Unl>.,j, N '26 by, W 100; 110. '
Margaret M. T. Buker to Llllie J. and (Idle C.
Buker, lot on line of Filtbert street. 30 N of
Chesinnt. N35 by 10 1: 10.
Simon and Sophie B <chman »o Joseph'ne Bou
yler. correction cf 1698 d. 230, lot on S line of
,A- k Ktreet - .165 X of Stetuer, X 27:6 b, S
I^7:BVt: $10. ■• . ■ • • -
X izubeth Arnold (wife of C.) to Mary H.. Cald
i Jf 11, 1  on K:ineofY>rk street. 93 N of Twenty
| flr.t. X 25 by E 1 JO; *10.
Henry Mciiu re.io .M>irnan»t C Blake, l<ft on S
lOti- ' * l>u " can street, 175 <. of Church, K36by same
_ ' ame to Brldpet -McGulre, lot on NE corner of
Church a:i i Duncan KIMM, N HO by X 60 . hlso
I lot on v W corner or .-an Jose avenue and Day
I streets, W 66:9 by r r« 38. 70:11 V 4, 8W 38:8
Same to Mary Ellen Wiin, lot on \V line of San
Josh avenue. 12 :<i MX of Imr rstt, W 101:8 V».
25, >. 91:9% NE 20:108/,; m. \
Loui i- i ..iw i . to Stephen a. Born, lot orS line
Of < a-iro street, Jti.ti. S of T»enC}-thlrJ. N 26 by
*- -05 $io. *
JiM-ob and Liiia ii I man (by attorney) to Wil
liam aid Sarah - A. - ITcffernitn.' 1 t 2GB, Herman
Irct (o;i NX ilne of. Ho ; .»ini' street. 125 NW of
Corb« it avenue, N'W 25, 91:6, SK 25:01^. SW
"'-. .
V. C. Arnold to Kltiabeth, Arnold. lo onE line
of \ ork s reet, 177 S of Twentieth, S 25 by X 100:
i> lzabeth ; or .l.izze< Fowler to Catherine Hah
nan, lo on NW comer of -Twenty-third avenue
and Clement street, W 67:6 by N 100; -.257.
John and. Ada M. illukel to Heurtetie H. D.
Satow, lo' on S line of demerit street, 30 W of
1 -nty-flfth avenue, W26by Si 100;,$ll>. . •= * -
Harriet ii. and Adam I. Green to Louis Metz
ger. lot on X lin» of Thirty-sixth, avenue. 125 Sol
C street, Ssoby f. 120: $1. 1 : • '
Henry K. F. WillUms to Myra Williams, lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue, 426 s> of H. street, S 75
by E 120: :.itt_ .' - ••
Patrick Griffin to Itoger Carroll," lots 36 to 40.
block IK, Lake view: $10.
AI.AMKBA COUNTY. . .
Mary A. Perry, . &,lann B. and- L. Association
and S. O. Sniythe el al. (by sheriff) to L. Kehoe
and X (.'araiiaglj. lot. on s\V lint! of Twen
tieth street, . i.*> HE or. Twenty-second avenue,
•S\V 140 i>v SI-; 37, block '65. tan Antonio, cast
Oaiili.ii.!; $90. . •■■* \ • '■ I • '
Cosmopolitan M. K. and L. »s oeia'lon to Helen
M. l.li-.iurd on, lot on W line of summit street. -50
Nor Lincoln, v 50 by \V 150, 'being the H 60 feet,
lots :->3 to 88, b.ocit D, new town of Lynn, East
Oakland $10. . .
Same ■<.' rime, lot on W line of Walnut p.reet.
240. -4 N of Knmce. -\ 40 by W ; 36.28. b»intr lot
10, block 1, the Highlands, resubdi vision of blocks
1,-' and 3 of "I uohy Addition ;o Berkeley, Oakland
Township; $5 '0. ' ~ y ~; - .• '•.■' "
lie, en H. iiii i lvrdaon to -Cosmopolitan Mutual
Buiit) hie mid I oan AMoclii io .same: 910.
C B and Margaret L. Zabrlskle to the Realty
Syndic lie (a corporation), lot on * line of Korty
flltli s.rei-t, 14«) \V of Market. \V 100, >J 100. R 50.
B 100, K6O, X 200 to begniring. lots- 13, 14 Mid
HI, block -104. Alden lract at 'i <-ini-*c;.l. Oakland
Township, subject to a mor (Me; $10. ■
FilederikeU. f-eegt-r io Klaas Van uterendorp.
lot on !S line of Pacific avenu. . 349":4i^ X of Ben
ton s reet, S 154.61 \V 4'.':l. > 104.61. X 46 W
beginnin.-, bock 31, Fitch least, Alameda: $10.
'•v taf U. Untluud to Charits Blum, lot on ■- line
of Chaanlng way, 55 X of Ninth street, X 50 by B
100, being lot 2, block 137. corrected map of K»v
mond TrkCt, Berkeley, subject .0 a mortgage . for
$501: $5. . * ■■ ■
.Francis J. Woodward and E. C. .Sessions (by
commissioner) to Minnie T. Orr, lot on s lint? of
Houkins street, 592.84 W of Boston avenue, W
160, SK 476, -S 70.-'l to beginning, block A, He
vised Map. Prospect Hill Tract: also- lot on s line
of Hopkins street, lai.'.8 1 Wof loston avenue. W
1.0, -N X to a point on a line draw n parallel to Bos
ton avenue tin I distant 6-..8 4 W therefrom,
thence N 60 to beginning, block A, Prospect Hill
Tract, Lr oitlyn l»wnship; *300. . *
M.s. L. W. Farmer to John and Manuel Frank,
Io:s 11 and I*2 of Smith's subdivision to Kan Lean
dro, Kden Township; $200. » •
Philip Anspacher t • U. A. Ooddard, lot 16, block
C, .wispacher Tr..ci, being a resubdivislon portion
of Hay ward Tract. Kden Township: $250. <
Walter B.ackle to I heresa M. JJeane, lot on E
line of Flbert street, 86:8 •- of Wes Klsbteentb,
525 by 100, being por ions of lots 31 to 34,
block 5.9, Mht-vcl stree: Tracu cakland; $11).
.v artha K. Bascom to Warley :(ncom. lot on W
line of Peralta *treri, 154 S of Sixteenth, M 26 by
W 110. being lot 3. blocic 727 a, Oakland: $5.
Herbert. H. M. Ross to Catbrine 1. Hurst, lots 11
and 12. block 4, Coggeshall "Iract, Oakland Town
ship: $10. .
K. F. and Matbtlde Niehausto Anne M. Obrt
land, lot on hW corner of Bancroft way and
••Seventh si re? i, b 100 by W 90, being lot .5 aid
poriion of lot 4, bloc* 125, Kay moi.d Tract,
Berkeley: $970. ■• -
Christopher C. Webb (by - attorney) to M. L.
urtz. undivided naif Interest >.f » half of lot 28,
block 12, amended Map central Park, Alcatraz
a. d New berry sta ions, Berkeley: $10.
F. H. Whltcomb (administrator of estate of J. B.
Whitcomb) to tame, undivided half of 8 half of
san c. Berkeley ; $75. '- '
George and A- na E. Lydlksen to Alex Johnson,
lot 1, blue * C. Mad of Latham Terrace, subject to
a nior.gagt for $2300, Brooklyn township; *10.
Alexatnuerand Alary K.I . Johi.son to Geo ge
LydiKien, lot on SW line of Brlggs aven'-e, 800
SK of High street, SK ICO by 8W 203, lots 28 and
29, Brit; a Tract, Aiameda; grant.
Margarrt yon .Mi.egge (b Tax Collector) to
Charles Babb, undivided % Job 12 to 15, block 5,
Hay wards Park Union. Kden Township; t'i.
v- illiam Allen et al. (by same) to L>anie. Swett,
undivided Va same, Eden Township: $3. '
Daniel and Sarah V. Swett to at anuel Frank, all
same, Eden Township, quitclaim deed; $luo.
Bnilders 1 Contracts.
Bertha Klaber with 0:111 Boyle, to erect a two
story frame building on S line of Baker street,
37:6 from McAllister, f 3200: plans by owner.
Minnie Armstrong with F. V. Daniels, to erect a
two-story frame cottage on California 'street, near
Twelfth avenae, flbOO; *£ J. Yogel architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUBS HOUSE.
T Sweeney. facto Mrs W Clark, Eureka
JriiH unter, Bukersrild R Chrlstensen, Keno
X B Wl.lis A Son, Snc.o s v i hoiupson. Sta Rosa
J hulllvan, fspokane Mrs 1- Meyer, Chile
C X 8-uuiuer. L.oa Ane «s i G Ingram, w<£d, Fresno
C w Thompson, Tomales VV Muir, H« hlgan Bluff
Mrs A Cameron, Momre'l Mrs C Cameron, Montre'l
B X Talbo., i.octclin L l, Boon. Gait
J A Gill, sacto D Clery, O T
J Young, Wa.nnt Creek W Carl, Baden
i Coffee, Modesto J l.ancaster&w, Stockton
J Fre.-. Rt-etbesforfl Miss C a Fr d.RtethesM
Miss C -ash, Reeth'sfrd J i anillton, i-eys«srvil.e
Mrs M King, Bakersfleld a F Bulleue, Salinai
S A Mchards, Kaktrsnld Mrs L P Reynolds. Red'g
A Thoiapsun, Or JU Kvans, CornucopLt
A Moore, Pescadero J J Buckley, J.anforu
U S simup. San Jose B Watrous «fc d. Stockton
j W O'Neal.NevaJaClty W G »tumpf<£w, Cazadro
C H uuldsboro&wf, lud G T Porter, Nevada
F F Taylor A w. tolsom J Hamiltoncfcw, Rio Vista
\V P Watts, cai JBGallaijher<fcfy. Nevada
T Camptx-llAw.Jiarysvll Ji G Lacev <fe w. Ha, ford
C X Musmi, Oakland E Belly, » otusa ■
R A MlchaHs.san Diego. A J Trippsiein.Harlsbnre
M CmrdsaJitw, >»nu Crux M Mciiliiicudy.L Angela
M A Byrne, *an Jose J Mulligan, Concord
H H >'a*le. Wasouville E D Leitxrrt, N V
J Jeans. Wint rs J H Marnu. Wadgwonh
Misi 1 Joans, Winters J Hobinson, Kio Visia
L L Holt. San LulsOblspo C D Ulsen, Davhville
C T Columbart, Cal W C Brown. Martinez
La. L'l ncr, ban Kafael W L Pearxon, Cal
LICK HOUBE.
W P Phillips & w. Cal H Spring, San Jose
c G Ya es, i.os Angeles A A Allen. Los Angeles
J W Wai h, -lockion W X Armstrong. 8 Diego
a LMe onald Aw, Cal C 0 Cowgill, Btkerstieltl
\V uei tlsobm, or J P Part en, Sanger
Mr Me Phi i.,wdt fm.Mex B N Keeve, Giiroy
B Die Kin on A w, Cal Ue V Van Do+sburgh.Cal
A Van de Hoop. sau Jose J F Bar eh, j.enver
J P Coivurd, Watso yule C M Talcoit. Omaha
M B Hurrluian, Sunora 1) X liver. Sonora
GAtA t rrth.un, >an Jose TLI oone, Biadera
Mrs I'eet. adrone -Miss Peet, Mud rone
X Stevei. sen, Meulo Park Tiie HUses Stevensen,
L W .Wouilrle, Kresno Menlo Park
1< Seldemaa, lan Kobes Mrs G G Brlgrs, Cal
J P a ndrew s. S»n i mi O X JL AilUon, K- -ruville
JJr L F Harvey, i uffalo Miss Harvey, Buff a o
JM w iilianis. .-onora X Casper. Nevada City
L Hyman, Nevada City W Weldon. Nevada Citr
}• v Murphy, san Jos<» W S West, Cal
C Sttiiinie.z. Santa Crua W H Mc.Hiun, San Jose
E D (ioodrich, N V R fc .-affolo, Cal
T H Thomp-on, Tuiare De Lam t-y Sloae, N V
W H Israel <t w. Chico G » Martin Aw, Volta
Mn J M. Walsh.Stuckton J Keymer, Sacramento
GRAND HOTEL." ' ;- '..
C H Beecnwood.Marysv F L Fiench, Rockford
R C Lane, Chicago H H I'.urdy, Downlevllle
J • osla, Downieville A C Kaiser, Yreka
O N Key nolds.Palo Alto X Hayes, Sacramento
D Both, Auburn Mrs M Mmraons, i. An*
Miss M Sim o:»s, L Ang D L Sawyer, Kansas City
W Steele, Peacajero M Revlngton&w, Seattle
t' Bartiett, Liverniore C M H*intz, Los Angeles
H Verder, S.-.ma Maria Ku UUie, Lafayette
C J SJiacKleton, Ind J M Frace, Cal
M Biggs, G idley J C Tliurman, Watsoriv
FK i rusla, Man Jose .H W bane, ri.ockion
M Hober.son, >t Joe II A Prest. :n, Janes. own
H Wertheiaier &w, Cal A fectraad <t tax, Cal •
W Richardson. Me Mr, J Cook & eh, Denver
G X llerulrix, Magalla Dr Benin' * im, Cal
J McCuuden & w.Vallejo c X McCiatchy, Sacto
A J Bruner. facto . F J Mason, .Newcastle
J de Jarnett&f, Colusa ' F D smith, Novato
E amend «fe f, Marysv C C KOiendale. Pac Grove
W E Buukt-r, Capitola ,H C Uopkinson, Stoclctn
J M Jacltsou <JS.f, Alaska " ' —*—.»•.
PALACE HOTEL.
J .1 Greaney, Marys vilie E T Earl, Sacto
Aid Ruddln Liverpoo. H L --arHent, London
HUB Kiiineiir, N Zrald W H Herdsman London
J Wcoley Jr. Kvansvihe H W Ma ters, Kvansville
L J Date, .-anta Cruz J Irwin Jr. Pi.tubur*
A S Irwin, Idaho J W Mitcuell &ty LAng
Mrs Hand, Gu.vesion Miss lmnd, Galveston
G T Mc->eaiy, Sau Diego Dr J Mlher, an Jose
Mrs C Mci vor. San Jos- Miss s>. lfri ge, San Jose
X R Hulclnngs, Lbicaj{O J c Ki>schede,Amsterdm
Mrs J N Russell, Ls Ang 1° J Leary, Honolulu
J G Dardeu, Cincinnati WK T s'aimor Plitsbure
O J Bueb, . V F Weber. NY
H If Pi.nilps. NY W B Ayer, Portland
LC trguello. t-an Jose a S.leghtz, .> V
Mrs Arguei.o, .-»a Jose O A .^ar.ln, Los Aneeles
J F More, Saula Barbara A D Whittaker 'Phua
Mrs W D Wui luker, Chi a
ShW Wi .STERN HOTEL.
N P Morton, i hirago B Ba.es, Court-land
E V Hali <fe w, (.ouitiand J j.licUen, Merced
W u'.\kl, erced Bb. Lil. <fe w, Piacervllle
it Buys * w, l'lacerville Mrs Mather, al
E Bou «•, i elKiuin W linram o <l<v w, i'rtld
W Jacksui<, Suisun 8 L Junet, *uisun
Mr A .Mrs RUsiuussen, F B Clyuru, Occ.d. ntal
Kedw od D \\ 'iaylor, Mcasio
J A BetKison, U 8 A J F Law.er, Freaiio
ii V h.iarty. Oak. and t\. F hunyou. New York
J Joyce, Jacksonville D Moo.iy, Sonora
J Lynch, Auburn 1 .Vii 1 r, Santa Maria
M Met) ens, an Jose \\ Carson, .buffalo
J -ovvies, i'Olsom J T Porter, Lain.be
. BALDWIN* * HUT L. '.-'.'■:' .
B Taylor, San Jose jW X Cockrane.San Rafael
FMB Kt,WM»Cni .V I .l^milcuii, Oakland '
C J Kueuig. San Jose Korn, ■; ;.
\V C i 0ii4,,a.5.-t, Si Louis W C.ark <t w, Scotland
JC l pptriy, I'ort.a'id a B tolriutn, Murdnez'
OM < bam c , ti, cago J a Isaacs, Berkeley ■
U Hickfiison, Stockton Lit. Frost, ich - . '
d PoUizer AUmtMia • 11 I' U6>dm"au * iv, Napa
O Cohn, Red K.uff « W Place, Santa Cruz
Klectric Buneft in London
experiments on a comparatirely large
scaie have bpen made in Lotidorr, aocord
inj; to the Eleciricul Review. pubiistieU in
tl.at city, as to the pos ib.lity of operating
borselet-s omnibuses by electricity. Ac
cording to tiiis article the operating ex
ptnst s of 900 ommbaies by horses lor fix
mouths in London, covering a total mile
age of 10.000.000 miles, is given as 10.04 c
per orntnbus mile, exclusive of drivers,
conductors, office and general administra
tion expenses. Trials of electrical omni
buses after runnin ■ a total of 5000 miles
si ow v cost of 4.880 per tui!e, exc.usive of
the Same items. The p .wer is supplied
ny storage ta.teries. The prospectus ot a
company to run much omnibnst-s has been
issued. While the-e ti-'ures are probably
not enMrely reliable, yet the lact that at
tempts are being made on a lar^e 3cale to
adopt horseless vehicles in practical work
evidences more than transient interest in
this important industrial development.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Hkptkmbkr. 1898.
Sn. j
1 '. '-
6
13
20
Mo. Tu. W. Th. *r. Sa. Moon's Ptaaset
12 3 4 6 *> New Moon
; jW ' Sepu 7.
7 8 9 10 11 12 U-^Firs Quanei
J 1^ Sept. 13.
14 15 16 17 18 19 © Fu , lM^r
21 2ii 23 24 25 24 — — = -
. ! Last Quarter
■ . "~~~ ~~~ ~^~ "~"~ • fcept. 119.
!28 29 ■ 30 I
lot
OCEAN STEAMERS.
l)ute« of Departure Fr«m San FrancUoo-
BTE*MKB |»KMTIXATION% | SV< Li | PIKE.
True tee ... : i no* Bay Sep. 17, 2pm > rier i
A".a:neda.... Sydner...:.... ;!-«?tl7, 2pm l'ier«7
Knipire | urfron pores . s.p is. 6pm I'ierli
l'omoua.... j HumlioldtUity jsepi 18, i.»« Pier '
tsunol ' irnvs Harbor jseu. 18.12 P.»r 2
Newport... Panama ;.. 'Sep 15.12 * ' I'MSS
s»m.i Ko.tu. -an 1>!e«0.. . , I^e(itl9. 11am 1 Pier 11
Ara;o Coos Bar :>epil9.l(Uu ; Pier U
Siii.c orCal. i Po--.!«nd ft*pU'(>.lUAji I*ter2t
W«-eot: !i.<-i invar i^ept^O. «aj* fler IS
Coo* 8ay.. . . j Xfwpor;...... -<Hp 2t». 1"a m l'l(»r II
Walla Walla Vie A P« «nu Se|u2l. »AM ! i'|er»
Arcata...... iiJri-son ports.. .^ept'.'l.lOAM J'ie>-24
City Pelting China A Japan St?pt2l, Spm M ss
C0r0na..... »-an Dieso Sept2vJ.llA^ t'WIL
Australia:., Honolulu s<>p['J2,loam Pier 7
A. Bl»n hr. Oregon ports.. Sep 22. bpu Pier 13
Starbnck.... One America Sept2».l2 x M S S
iara>lun Yfiquina Bay. -t-p>24. 9av tier J
Eureka..'... Sen-port Sept 24. Siaw I'lerll
C'olnnibia. . Portland ...... Sei I t"is.lUA^_ler!i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
"■TKaMKK
Kiiom
IHJE
Ev»--dal<* Tacoma Sept 17
Sun Ben no. Tacoma Sep 1 17
Alca raz Coos Bar Sept 17
Pomona Hnm bold: Bay Kept 17
Walla VVaila. .. Vie oria « PugetSound ..Sept 17
Orizaba Mexico  ..Sept 17
Coos Kay....... Newport »ept 18
\Ve<oti Eel River Sepi, 18
ArcHta Portland Sept 18
Willamette Departure Bay Sept 19
Pe;er Jebsen... Naoaimo S<*p*.2u
Aiiceßlanchard Oregon ports Sept 20
Corona. -an Diego. sept 20
Wellington... . Departure Bay Sept 20
Crescent City... Crescent City >ept'Ji
Mackinaw Taroma  Sept '1 1
Far&lloa Yaqutna Bar 6»-pi 22
Kureta... ....... Newport. ." Sept 22
Uruatilla. Vie orla <t Puvet Sound ..Sept 22
Columbia t'ortland
Doric China and Japan Sent 22
City Sydney.... I Panama Sept 22
Truckee Coos Bay SeDt 23
A«4!O 1 Coos Bay Sept 23
Santa K05a..... San Dleito _ ;. (sept 8*
North Foric Humboldt Bar Sep- 26
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and okodktic Bcbvky Tidk^
Bm.UCTIJ* PrBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL >
ACTHOBITV OF THE hPrEBIXTK • OK N'T. .' )
ThursdAv. September 17
Sun rises 5.54 Moon rises...
Sun sets 6.14|M00n sets L29am
September— 1896.
g L W H W L \V |H U
7) i.iii U.i): VA*
8 3.-0 0 1 10 19
9 4.00 0. Si: 0.4 8
0 4.M 0.8! l 1.15
11 5.1* 1.0i11.40
12 5.41 1.5 la.O'J
HW L W
8 0.36 6.0 605
6.1 ..4J .H. 4 ?7ao S~T
6.3 3.43 2.8 9.XH 6.7
6.5 4.V5 i.4 10.24 5.a
6.5 6.06 1.9 11.1 V 6.4
6.6 6.44 1.6 11.65 6.3
5.4 6.14 1.8
H W L \\
i.8112.21 6.6 6.42 1.0
Notx— ln tha above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm«i
colnmn gives tbe second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, an sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then tbe number given Is subtractlve
from the depth given by rhe chart*.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbographic Offick, V. S. n., "»
• ■ Mkbcha.vts' Exchaxob V
' San Fbakcisco, September 16. 1893. )
The time ball on 'lelegraDb Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v.. Greenwich time.
J. T. McMillan,
AsiHtanu in chars e.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. September 18.
- Stmr State of California, Green. 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria .0 hours; pass and mdse,
to Doodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 14 hours from Albion;
90.. M ft lumber, to Albion Lumber Co: 200 eds
bark, 10 Keaile <fe Co. -v , . .
' eStmr Sunol, Dettmers, HO hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse. to Grays Harbor Commer
cial Co. ,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 Vi hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Good all, Perkins A
Co. -
tStmr North Fork, Hansen, 24 hoars from .Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson. .
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 78 hours from Astoria:
lumber, to North Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr Australia. Houdlett4>, 6 days and 16 hours
from Honolulu; pass and mdse, to J D Spreckeis
& Bros Co.
Ship Invincible. Rowland, 16 days from Chignik
Bay: 1 6.2K1 cs sa mon, to Jos Hume Packing Co.
Ship Levl G Burgess, Youngren, 21 day* irom
Bris ol Bay; 46.000 cs salmon, to Alaska Packers'
Assn.
' Br bark Dunflon, Roberts. 7 days from Port An
geles: ballast, to Balfour, Guthrie it Co. '
[ Her bark Schiller, Stein hornier, 188 days from
Dunkirk; cement and soda, to Meyer, Wilson &
Co.. . . . .../... ...
Schr Beulah, Johnson, 10 days from Everett:
lumber ana plies, to Pacific Brid e Co. - .
fcclir Volant. Erratt, 9 hours from Pigeon Point.
wi.h wreckage from the wrecked stmr Colombia,
in tow of tug A I rt.
Schr . Laura May, Hanaen. 7 days from Port
Haddock: lumber, to W J Adams-
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 10 hours from
Stewarts Point; 100 eds bark, to Hlggins <fc Col
li- s. ' •
.schr John A, Hellquist, 48 hours from Eureka;
370 M ft lumber, to Geo L Sweet.
Returned.
... WEDNESDAY. September 18.
• Schr Norman Sunde. Blck, hence Aug 25, on ac
count of carrying away rudder head In a strong
NN X wind and heavy sea In lat 40 N, long 133 W.
Schr Ivy, hence Sept 15. returned on account of
Captain Holland brine drowned.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY, September 18.
Br ship Gen Roberts, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
Brshlp Kllmallie. Balfour, Queenstown; Ep
plnger A Co.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Bwanson, Kar'.uk; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Ocos: C D Bunker. .
Railed.
WEDNESDAY, September 16.
Stmr City of Puebla, ' Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend. • . ■ • ■
.Nor -tmr St Andrew. Frivol d. St Vincent.
Stmr F.ureka, .lepson, San Pedro.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Crescent City. -■':•: ■-. \
Stair Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
. Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. Caspar.. .'.-.'
Br sb p Brenda, Tulioch, Queenstown. ', : • ':■■
. Br bar* Invergarry. Cromble, Queenstown.
Scbr Bessie K. Anderson.
Schr Mary C. Campuetl. Bodega. ' * :
fenr Etta B, Bourne, fort Koss.
Schr Bobolink. Nelson. Mendocino. -. . - '
Schr Mary Etta, Zaddart, FisksMlli.
Schr James A Garfield, Palmgren. ' Wl'.iapa Her
bo-.!,J"-'-'. ■■'. ■ ■...■■
Scbr Spokane, Jamieson, Port Gamble.
' Schr Christina Steffens. Nordllng
Charter*.
The following vessels are chartered for wheat;
Br ship City of Benares, Eurupre: Br ship Laihom,
Kurope; Br ships Gunford arid ' Laur.ston, 30s:
Italian bark Kmllla'CUmpa, Europe, Sis 3d— ls
dd less direct.
■ - Telegraphic.
POINT ' liOBOS. SeDt. 16-10 p. v.— Weatner
hazy : wind NW : velocity -.0 miles.
'".-' * pnken. ■
sept 4-Lat 38 20 N, on* 139 34 W, American
i schr snowing sUoal.e t. rs X CB T. •
.Domestic Ports, j
SEATTLE-Sailed Sept 16—^cur Albert Meyer
for an hranclsco. . ' ''
VFN TUB A- Arrived Sept 16— «tmr Ueo Loom.s
henc- Kept 15. and sailed for ban Francisco "
N^Se^^fe^S^
S a U a ! ', A ra7cfsco ea **» 16 SChr 8 »«W»on. for
vTnnw ?* p " J ? — ' tmr Jew e'. hence sept 15
mama%e- 1C c ATU^OA T U^O~ ArriVed ltf -^ »^
from^P^r^^ • ePtlB - B » Tldal Wav «.
HOCK PORT 6 52?2- H TRlbOt - fOr Kob »-
S^n FrHncis"!" s"*5 "*" 611 "*" »r««« Etvenia, for
Hf, mßelm R el^ K sSrd7o Arri ™ V-«»-**'O«
Fr"."n C Tjco ePI 16 - B * rk Kat * Davenport, forS.n
henc e K S^Dt A r. A - r tm7 < !! 1 8 ' pt l 8 Uncle John,
Flral%^?nenc ft 8 .s mm p r tf 5 . Cata ' fr ° m ' iSIOrU; atm '
IVERSFxi fI^Yt P o monai ror Ban Francisco.
x . . „ *\>rei n Ports.
fo?^ A^ nn ° c rs^ lea Sept 12-Br.hlp Bermuda,
fo?^.^^!^ *«• 12-Br stmr Bolglc.
hSZ^^ZriTr***^* Albert.
nmmmmm
Br bark Ladas, from Liverpool. Sept 7— Bark
Fore 1 Queen, trom Port (Jamtti*. •
Sailed Aug 23-Ger bark Jl Hackfeld, for Lay.
9Mi 1.-. 1 "1. An? 24— iJr stmr Uiowera. for Vic
toria Au«f 25— Bark Wen riesse. for San I- ran-
Cisco: Haw bark Andrew We.eh. tor ssmn Kran
cl< o: b.:n :.ouert Bud:lett, f r Port Townsend •
Au? US— Br atrnr Jlonowa 1 , for Sydney: si hr (J \V
Watson; 1 tor Po t T>>wnien.i. sent l-B.itn irm
gard. Mr -an Francisco. .Sepi 2— Br stmr- Coptic
for Yokohama. aeiii 3— Bkln \V 11 Dimond, for
san l-ranci»co. S pt 6 — Bark Harvester, or Port
Townsend. Sept 7— Bark ss C Aileti.ibr San Fran
cisco.
In port Jjppt 9— L T 8 s'mr Adams: bJctn x
Castle, or San Francisco, 10 snil S-pt 12 or 14:
b;:rk Forest Queen Uiicnarcing; Dark Albert, for
Svi Fr.iuc.sco. to sail bept 14 or lc; schr Transit,
ill -c a z n:
X.A I! ULUI— Arrived Am 29-Schr Mary Dod;e
ti! iict> Aug 16. and to sail lor San Francisco aiio-it
Sewt B
111 . O- Arrived Aug 28-Schr Allen .A, from
Eureka,
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NKW YORK— Arrived Sept IG-S:mr Hecla, f m
Cope ha en; simr Majestic, from Liverpool and
Queenstown: jtmr Werra. trom > eno» and
> 'P cs; strur Spree, irom Bremen and Southamp
ton
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out Sept 16-Stmr
II 11 Meier.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Sept 16-Stmr
St Paul
£»"ed Sen 16— si'nr Lahn, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— bailed Sept 16-nmr Spaarri
dam, mr N. vt York.
AMSTERDAM— sailed Sept 16-stmr Zaandara
for .\hv York.
yUEKN.sroWN-Sailed Sept 16-Stmr Aurania
for New York.
Li'.WiS ISLAND— Panned Sept 36— Stmr Scan
dla, from New York, for Uamourg.
tmportai lons.
HOSOLUhj_ per Anstralla-9210 bags gar,
»000 bags rice, 1 bag coffee, 42& empty beer kegs,
85 wine caiks, 4928 bens bananas, 55H bxs ba
nans, «9 bxs pi.-,e*i.p: t B ox* be! e! leave*. 7
pkßsm.ise. 429 bdls green hides. IS bdis sheep
skins. 16 goatskins. 39 bag * bones and horns, 8
par els.
AKCATA-Per North Fork— l bbl whisky, 13
sks gluefitock. 4 coops chicken^ 10t» pkgs billiard
, a 'i c f pkK> ' househol.l goods. 10 empty keK.i,
lb > . M T f , t lvl v . luuer - °" 7 M shingles. 146 M shakes.
hA > DItGO-Per Santa Rosa - 2 cs dry goods, 1
cs liquors, 1 r,x canned fruit, 1 bx Deer pumps, 1
cs bicycles. 61 sks «b» on • meat. 125 sks abnlone
shells. 15 hl-bb.s pickled ti,h lib odls dry fish, S
cs mdse, 158 pkgs junk, 2 cs shoes. 320 bxs lem
ons, 2 bxsoranxes. 10i>« lim s , 1 keg olives, 2
bxs se d, 1 cs millinery, 1 cs toots.
Por. Harford-S bdis hl.le S . 2pk , castings, Ics
seed. 17 cs eggs. 2 bxs p ek es. 2 odls sacks. 13 sks
green peas. 5 cood* chickens. 6 bxs baiter. 27 eg
fish, li dressed calves, 4-tt bxs apples, 2 dressed
bogs, . ■ .
San Luis ObisDO— B74 sks oats, 140 sks wheat.
Arroyo Grande— l429 sks beans, 20& sks wheat.
Santa Maria— Vß7 sks oats. 617 sks beans 140
Sks wheat. 433 ski barley, .8 sks mustard.
Los O.lvos— 1007 sks wheat. luO sks mustard.
Santa Barbara — d bxs spice. 1 bx roo.s 1 bx dry
goo is, 69 bxs lemons. 26 s<cs crawfish
Los Ange es via Port Los Angeles— l bx drugs, 2
cs mdse. bi bb s \viu<\ IJO uxs oranges.
Re ondo— B bxs F plates, 1 bx c gars. Ibx oH
type, 1 bx dry goods, 1 bbl rugs, 2 cs mdse, 96 cs
picitles in glasses.
Consignees.
Per North Fork— Cartan. McCarthy* Co; Cali
fornia Give Works; D E Allison <& Co; J \Vilii», m .
son; Wellman, Peck <E Li ; Chas Nelson.
Per Australia— a H Howie; A L Tavlor: C W
Pratt; Chlca o Brewery: California Wine As?n;
Enterprise B re wery; Eveleth <fc Nash ; French
Church: Garcia A Maggini ; Hyman bros: Mrs H
O ilcurew: J D Spree -el 3 & Bros Co: J C Rued <&
Co; .1 C Jo'.nson <fc Co: J Ivancovich <fc Co: J V
Lopez: LG Sresovlch <fc Co : \. Scatena ACo-. M W
McChesney <fc Sons; MD\ erval^s; M S firinbaum
&<.o: M Phi. lips A Co: Nat onal Brewery: Pope
Mfg Co: .-»an Francisco Breweries (Limited): T L
Sine & Co: Williams. Dimond «fc Co; Welch & Co;
Wetmoreßros: W (» QfOC,
Per anta Kosa— Union Brewery: S Strauss: V A
McDonald: Deer«- Imp Co; Wheaton, Brton <SCo;
E J Bowen tt Co; Witzel & Baker; Wetmore Bros;
Lodge, sneenev & Co: Hilmer. Bredhoff<& -obulz-
D E Allison <fc Co: Western Meat Co; Marshall <&
Reimers: L G Sresovich <fe Co; Russ, Sanders & Co;
L D Stone & Co : H Heckman & Co; J Hoffman:
H Levy & Co: Brlgham, Kop.ie A Co: Labor Ex
cnange. BGRuhl&Co; Bassett A Bunker: SP
Milling Co; H Dutard; Slnshelmerßros; S Silver
berg: (i Camilloni & Co: Jonas Erlanger A Co; J B
Ingu^aliACo: American Union Fish Co: Pacific
Const Fish Co: Tillmann A Bendel ; A Paladlni: C
F Haas: Sacramento Fish Co: Eveleth A Nash: A
Levy A Co; Lev!, Strauss A Co; H E Jenneret; F
Bukftt; C E Whitney & Co; J Ivancovich ACo-
Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Amer Press Assn: W
B Isaacs; Roth A Co: N^wberger, Re sa A Co; ihe
G Cobn Co; L Scatena A Co; F Frovlss: i'ueifle
States Type Foundry; c Carpy A-Co: M F Caoral;
H Alexander A Co: vv T .-mith A 8on; £u*man &
Worniser; San Francisco Brewing to: A Poliar-
M S Simas: C H Tetz^n: A mer Carb Acid (ias Co:
Greenbaum, Weil A Michels; Levl Spiegel ACo; J
H Cal 11 A Co; <. unnlngliam.Curtiss A Welch: ("ox
Seed and Plant Co; ..j S hi..er: Chas Harley ACo:
A Galll Fruit Co: Gray A Barbieri : Wolf A Son; R
L Topli z ACo: Dal ton Bros: H O Green hood .
Porter, Slessinger A Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
pianc coast steamship coipaiii
STEAMERS WILL SAIL KKOM STrKk
Broadway wkarf, San Francisco. as^UafiK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit-
llsnco and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., 11, 3*3.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
semi, Seattle, Tacoma, Evtrett, Anacortes and
New W atcoin (Bellinuham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Sept. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTa. oma with N. P. R. H., at Seattle with U.
K. Ky., at Port Townseud with Alaska steamers.
For I'.ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. 22, 16. 30. and every four.h day thereafter.
For *iinia Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa,
Fore Ilarford (San I uls Oblspo), Gsviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
Sept. 4,8,12, 16,-20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
fel«js, Kedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. It Sept. 2, 8, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and evtry
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each mouth. • .....
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAiIKJRS TO
POR.TLAN I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. v.
AT) T?f»l« First-class \ Including
J AXVJCJ\»fi Second-class /berth £ meats.
, . . . SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 16
State of California.... bept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and* through baggage to all
Eastern points. Bates , and folders upon appica-
tlon to
F. P. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent,
630 Market street.
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ mwto
HAWAII, SAMOA, fIU HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Rl ay
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. AU.MiJn sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 'i r. v.
a KAU-TR ALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. a: 10 m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELB A BROS. CO., Agents,
11 1 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRASSATLASTIQDB
Frencii I.lu^ t-» Ravn.
/-IOMPANY'SPIKR(NEW),42 NORTH lira
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers ttv ■&*££&
this line avoid both transit oy English railway .rT}
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. New Yon* to Alexandria, KgytK, via P^rU
tint-class fl tK>; second-class, »1 Id.
LA OASCuu.iE sept. 26. 3 a. U.
LA BRETAG3.E..... Oct. 3. 7 a. k.
LACH MPAG.NE ......Oct. 10. 3a■ H.
1..' T-'i'R \"N. j .Oct. 17. Ba. K.
LA BOURGOGNK ret. 24, 1 t. U.
SV tor luiluci particular* arply to
, A. FORGKT. Agent,
: No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COIPJJH
STEAMERS ■ LEAVK ASPINWALL rtit**
fortnightly; for the West Indies and *«efi«l?
Southampton, ■ calling 'en route at C-rbourgli.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. '.'
Through bills of lading, in connection *'*" tn
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany-
Through tickets from San Francisco to Hvmoiun.
Cherbourg. Southampton. First class, $195: in '«»
Class, »97 60. For further particulars apply '«
PAKKOTI- * CO., cents.
m -— . * ■ «l)i: 1' .1 '."•""' ***^_
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.
At v I*. M., Daily. « rrlkii. received up
' to- :.1 1 i*. 11.
JO" Accommodations Reserved by Telephon*
iiieonl. Hue mu^iu,; turougb rates on vausj
Road freight.
STISAM.EKS:
T. C. Walker, v J. n. ?St e "iJf-.
Mary Gamut, City of htocktoß.
'leiephouo Alaiu 805. Cau_>av- and Imot. L 9
U.S. sl?f-YARD. MARE ISL'SD, VALLEJO,
•Beairia, *P«»rt*(osra, •«rrck«'i »nd *Valoaa.
STK. MONTICELI.O,
Daily lj» :8 o a. m.. 4 :uti p. m. <*•""*«[■. X™.
-*. H.),-*.-.^ *. v. Sundays 8 *•„«-.»"'*•,, o £r£s
knd landing. Pier 2, .Misiiousc £2 T £g n £uo&
"^^^^•tr^^^nrsatNavy-yard.-
FOR SAS JOSE, 'Hi 6.4 i'OS & SAXTA CRUZ
ST.'.A.MEK ALVISO LKA VK- "**? V A ,' LT .
O a; 10a st. (Sundays exrcpied); Alvlso dally at •
7P. M (.-atur.lays exiepted). freight and Pas-
senger, .- are between Sun Kr.,uci,co and visa,
60c: to San Jose, 75c. Clay »t-, Pier X. MW.
feanta Clara St.. *au Jose.Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
HEIRS OF ANCIENT
FAMILIES UNITED
Wedding of Attorney W. H.
Waste to Miss May
Ewing.
AFTERNOON MARRIAGE.
The Groom's Ancestors Figured
Largely in Developing Colusa
and Butte.
THE BRIDE FROM VIRGINIA.
Farewell to Bachelorhood and a Life's
Fealty to Democracy Celebrated
at the Same Time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 16. J
The weddine of W r illiam H. Waste and
Miss Mary Ewing was quietly celebrated
at t:.e home of the bride's stepfather, As
sistant United States Surveyor- General
Thomas P. Harden, in Oakland at 4
o'clock this afternoon. Only the im
mediate relatives and a few intimate
friends of the young couple were present
It was one of the prettiest weddings of tne
Eeason. The large parlor of the bride's
home had been prettily decorated by lov
ing hands. Flowers, trailing vines and
green foliage bad been woven into pretty
effects and the whole room converted into
a bower of beauty. The windows were
darkened and the lighted lamps shed soft
radience around the room.
Rev. C. E. W. Smith of Alameda, for
merly paator of the M. E. Church South
in Chico and a warm friend of Mr. Waste
and Miss Ewing, performed the ceremony.
The groom, attended by his law partner,
J. W. Stetson, as best man, awaited the
bride's coming. She entered the room,
accompanied by her sister, Miss Katharine
Ewing. The young people met in front of
the minister and the words were spoken
which joined them till death shall part
During the ceremony Miss Etta Shaver,
a friend of the uriJe from girlhood, sang
softly "Call Me Thine Own.' 7
The bride wore a stylish traveling gown
of blue cloth, trimmed with brown and set
off with applique work and ribbon effect,
pale-blue front, tight sleeves with short
puff and empire skirt She carried a bou
quet cf her favorite flowers, La France
roses. Miss Catherine Ewing, the brides
maid, wore a gray mohair gown with
green applique and Dresden silk trim
mine, tight sleeves with short puff and
empire skirt. She also carried a bouquet
of La France roses. After the ceremony
Mr. and Mrs. Waste received the congratu
lations of those present. A dainty
iuucij eon was served in the dining-room,
where a merry lialf hour sped by all too
■oon.
The Helpbicstine - Mclntoch family,
from which Mr. Waste has descended, and
the Harden family, to which Mrs. Waste '
is related, are two of the oldest families of
this State. They had much to do with
the early history of Colusa and Butte
counties. Mrs. Waste is a Virginian girl,
but resided since childhood in Colusa
County until removing to Oakland three
years aso. Mr. Waste is a graduate of the
State University and Hastings Law Col
lege and is a member of the Aiameda
County Law Association-
Mr, and Mrs. Waste left for Sacramento,
where they will spend a few days, after
which they will visit in Chico and North
ern California for some time.
The members of the families and the
friends of the young couple invited to the
wedding were: Mr. and Mrs. Thomas P.
Harden, Rev. C. E. W. Smith, United
Mates Surveyor-General W. S. Green, Mrs.
M. A. Helphinstine, Mr. and Mrs. B. N.
Helphinstjne, Mrs. William Lovejoy, Mrs.
H. B. Shaver, Misß Etta Shaver, Miss
Kittie Ewing, Miss Mabel E. Waste, Miss
Myrtle Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Rush,
Miss Renabelle Harden, Miss Bertha I
Rush, Miss Gertrude Rush, Miss Dora
Goree, Thomas Ross Harden, William
Cccii Harden. Harry L. Waste, J. W.
Stetson, John M. Waste, Jesse J. Waste.
Attorney Waste made an announcement I
on his wedding day that somewhat j
startled his friends. He has been an :
active Democrat an<*. has been a deleeate !
to county conventions, but he stated J
to-day that he will hereafter wear a j
THE FIRST NEW FIRE HOUSE
OAKLAND, Cai*. Sept 16.— Plans were completed to-day for the construction of
tbe new brie* flrebouse on Sixth street. For several years the old engine-honse has
been unfit for men to Jive in, but nothing has been done in the way of permanent im
provements. Mayor Davie proposed In his last annual message that instead of fritter
ing away money on repairs that permanent brick structures be erected me at a time.
His advice has been followed and the new building will be a model firehouse. Its cost
will be about $8000 and the construction will commence at once.
McKinley button, as he cannot under
stand how an honest man can support the
Bryan theory.
Saffragigtl To-Nlghr.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— The mem
bers of the various Political Equality
Cluds of this city are on the tiptoe of ex
pectancy over their mass-meeting to be
held at the Exposition building this even
ing. The Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., pres
ident of the Pacific Theological Seminary
and honorary president of the Alameda
County Pofitical Equality Society will
preside and introduce the speakers. There
will be music by a cornetist and congrega
tional singing. The speakers will be Mrs.
Carrie Chapman-Catt and the Key. Anna
Shaw.
Democratic Primaries.
OAKLAND, Cal., September 16.— The
Democrats of the city and county are nola
ing their primaries this afternoon and
evening, but as there is no contest of any
kind the interest is very slight. The vote
is very light, and the caucus tickets will
be elected without opposition.
SHE SCARED A BURGLAR.
Prompt Action of a Young Miss
Drove Off a Night
Marauder.
Old Fire-Fighters Celebrate at tbe
Banquet Table— The Alerts at
Home Again.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 16.— The family |
ot Fred Wilds, 1124 Morton street, was i
thrown into a state of excitement early
last night by an attempted burglary. The
prompt and courageous action of his
daughter was undoubtedly the means of
saving some of Mr. Wilds' property.
• It was about 10 o'clock, and the family
was about to retire for the night. A sus
picious noise was heard about the pantry
window, and Miss Wilds proceeded to in
vestigate. On entering the door she was
confronted with a burly-looking man,
who had raised the window and was about
to crawl in. The young miss threw the
first article within reach at the fellow, and
began crying lustily for her father. The
intruder waited fqr no second invitation,
but left in all haste. Mr. Wilds did not
see enough of the fellow to give the police
a description, but he thinks he has the
bravest little girl in Alameda.
Her Children Returned to Her.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Bept. 16.— Mrs. Al
mira F. Watson was to-day awarded her
children by Judge Ogden, who gave them
to Dr. T. Carpenter to care for. The
matter came up on a set of affidavits which
the lady presented and which showed her
to be a lady modest, virtuous and thought
ful of her children. They were sworn to
I by Mollie ldal, her domestic, Mrs. P. L.
Strong, her mother, J. P. Strong, her
brother, and Mrs. G. H. Fox, G. W. Alex
ander and Mrs. George Hall, her neigh
bors.
The Alert Boys' Home.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 16.— The base
ball boys arrived home this morning after
an exciting trip south. Yesterday they
played at Visalia and left at midnight.
They remain here until Saturday when
they go to Stockton. Manager Hammond
says one of the players at Los Ansel es,
where they were defeated, admitted to him
that he was over 21 years of age, while in a
will that was probated in 1888 another
player was shown to be 20 in that year.
He thinks his protest will give the Alerts
the game.
Struck by a Horse.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 16.— While play
ing in the street in front of his home last
evening the 4-year-oid son of Alex Mackie,
secretary of tbe San Francisco and San
Joaquin Railroad Company, was knocked j
down and badly injured by a horse driv- I
en by a grocer's boy. A large gash was I
cut over the lad's left eye, which was :
dressed by Dr. C. L. Tisdale.
Not Guilty of Battery.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 16.— The case of
William Willis, charged with battery upon
John J. Kelly, was heard oy a jury before
Justice Sweasey this afternoon. The jury <
returned a verdict of "not guilty" and rec
ommended that the costs be taxed to the
defendant.
Keiiy worked for Willis up to Aueust 22,
when they had a falling oit. On the 25th
Kelly called for his grip and accuses Willis
of strikine him on the head and choking
him afterward. He failed to mase his case
stick.
Old-Time Firemen.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Bept 16.— The twen
tieth anniversary of the Citizens' Hook
and Ladder Company 1, Alameda Fire
Department, was celebrated to-night with
a banqretin Bianding's Hall.
A number of the charter members of [
the company were present, including !
three who still run to fires with the i
boys. All of the officers of the other com- !
panics were invited and most of. them re
sponded in person. Good cheer reigned
supreme until a late hour, when the com- '
pany dispersed, wishing the "laddies"
many days more for work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
CANNOT CONSENT
TO DISHONESTY
John C. Britton Springs a
Surprise in Alameda
Politics.
REPUDIATES DEMOCRACY
Good Times Cannot Return Un
less Home Industries Are
Fostered.
A CONVERT TO PROTECTION.
A Self-Made Man Who Gives Plain
Reasons Why He Was Led to
Make a Change.
Oakland Offics San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Sept. 15. J
One of the biggest surprises in local po
litical circles was the announcement that
John C. Britton, general manager of the
Oakland Uas-Light and Heat Company,
had consented to act as tbe third vice
JOHN C BRITTON, General Manager of the Gas Company, Vho,
After Twenty-Five Years' Experience, Says the Democracy
Cannot Be Longer Entrusted With the Country's Honor.
president of the Republ : can National
League of this city. Mr. Britton has al
ways been a sincere and conservative
Democrat.
Mr. Britton's convictions are worthy of
the greatest consideration, because he
eives substantial reasons for them.
He is a man of the people and has stead
ily worked his way to commercial promi
nence. He came to California when he
was just a dozen years old and was never
before the public as an office-seeker except
once, when he was put up for a School Di
rector many years a.o.
Mr. Brittou has always been strictly a
man of business. For a quarter of a cen
tury he has watched the progress of events
with intelligence, and when asked to out
line hi* reasons for affiliating with the
Kepublican party, he said:
"Any one occupying the position which
I do cannot do an act of this kind without
being able to give a good reason for it. In
my opinion I have very good reasons for
leaving Democracy at this time and going
into the Republican ranks. I cannot
allow myself to so far forget my training
and education as to associate with a class
of people who depreciate the honor of the
country, and this is what I consider the
Democrats are doing.
"The amliatine with men of the Popu
listic element, such they are doing this
year, is attended with great danger to
personal liberty. This clap-trap which
the Democrats give out with regard to the
tax on wealth and corporations has no
foundation in truth. The wealth of the
country can take better care of its inter
ests than such an element could.
"By the wealth of the Nation Ido not
mean capital, but the laboring man with a
small competence saved, that is what I
call tho wealth of a country. The element
that is the loudest in the demands for
'Irea silver' is not made of the men who
have •mall bank accounts or owners of i
homes.
"I speak from twenty-rive years' expe
rience when I say that the workingmen
with some money saved are not tbe ones
who are in the front rank of tbe 16 to 1
crowd.
"But those are the ones who do not care
to work, but who would rather sit around
in the sand lots and exhaust themselves
and their lungs in crying for the degrada
tion of the rich man.
"Tbe refusal of the Democrats to in
dorse Hill's' proposition, offered in the
Chicago convention, that nothing should
affect to debts of tbe Nation already in
curred, determined me, if there had been
nothing else, to leave the ranks of the
party. The honor of the country is at
stake, and its obligations must not be im
paired.
•'The financial position of the United
States is nqt one of entire independence,
but it must look somewhat to foreign
nations. The time has not come when this
country can be independent in its indus
tries even.
"There is no principle advanced by the
Democratic party on the financial issue
but that is dishonorable to the Nation,
while on the other hand the Republican
policy is practically a continuation of pros
perity. There is no country that needs j
protection worse than the United States I
to-day. I believe the country is safer in |
the hands of the Republicans to-day than
in any other."
Bennett's Sentence.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16. — Judee
Ogden will to-morrow sentence C. j
R. Bennett, ex-secretary of the Society
for the Suppression of Vice, to the peni- i
tentiary for shooting at George Gray on j
the Seventh-street local train after Gray |
had shct twice at him.
The matter started years ago when it
is charged that Bennett led Gray's daugh- 1
ter astray when both were members of the
choir of the First Christian Church in this
city. When the father was informed of
the matter he attempted to shoot Bennett
in front of the City Hall, and later he met
him on the train and made another at
tempt, and when disarmed Bennett, who
had fled at tne first alarm, returned and
tired at him.
For Malicious Defamation.
OAKLAND, Cau, Sept. 16— John Doug
lass has tiled a suit tor $5000 damages
against Mrs. Joseph McKenzie for mali
cious defamation of character. He was a
clerk (or tf. L. Conklin, a Jocal merchant,
at $40 a monih, and alleges that on the 8th
of the present month the woman came
into the store and, in the presence of the
proprietor, Frank Anderson, J. D. Sturte
van and other worthy persons, falsely and
maliciously declared:
"That man John M. Douglass is a thief
aiyl a robber and he will rot) you, and you
will find it out if you keep him in your
employ long enough. If you can send a
respectable and honest man to my house
to solicit orders 1 will trade with you. but
Lwill not trade with you if you bend John
M. Douglass to my house, as ha is dishon
est. John M. Douglass is dishonest, and
he robbed, cheated, defrauded and swin
dled me."
Douglass claims that on account of this
statement he lost his position and has
sustained damage to the amount of the
figures named.
An Opium l)en.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— Constable
Quinlan has placed Charles Bernal in the
County Jail, charged with visiting a place
maintained for the purpose of selling
opium for smoking purposes. He was
successful in taking his man when under
the Influence of the drug, and securing the
whole outfit he was using.
The joint where the man was taken is
conducted by a Chinaman, and is oft the
county road, near Fruitvale avenue. It is
expected .Bernal will give evidence which
Will lead to the proprietor's conviction.
Acmes' >"ew Home.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept 16.—Acme-Reli
ance Club officers have signed papers
with Julius Abrabamson whereby he is to
i erect a suitable building at Thirteenth and
Clay streets wnich the club is to lease
for twenty years. The first ten years the
rental is to be $175 a month and $225 the
last ten year?.
The plans are not yet completed, but
the building will probably comprise four
stories and a basement.
The first Moor will be devoted to stores
to be rented. The basement will be made
into a swimmin ■ tank, while the third and
fourth stories will ba given up to the club.
The building is to be ready for occupancy
in ninety days.
Suffrage at Hay-wards.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 16.— Rev. Anna
H. Shaw, the noted suffrage orator, will
speak at the Elite Theater, in Haywards,
Friday, evening, September 18, under the
auspices of the Eden Grange. Saturday
afternoon Miss Shaw will address the
Mount Eden Republicans. A barbecue
will be held, after which the Republican
wigwam will be dedicated. In both places
admission will be free, and music will be
furnished by local talent
' Uses the Alphabet.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— Catherine
yon Pienczykowska, a beneficiary under
the will of the late General E. D. Keyes,
has filed a bond upon distribution. She
is given $150 in addition to a discharge of
all indebtedness for advances made by the
general during his life. .
OIL SPRINKLED ABOUT.
Suspicions Circumstances Regarding an
Early Morning Blaze.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— The Chinese
store at 1462 Seventh street was discov
ered to be on fire about 2:30 o'clock this
morning, but the blaze was quickly ex
tinguished. An investigation by Chief
Fair showed that coal oil bad been freely
spilled all over the sleeping quarters of
the Chinese in the rear of the store. Tbe
bedding bad been sprinkled with oil.
This morning the Chinaman was ar
rested and gave the name of Ah Ott, but
insisted that he was in San Francisco at
the time of tbe fire and knew nothing
about it. The place was found locked
when the firemen arrived and, as there
was no insura-.ee, no motive can be dis
covered. It is thought that some one else
might have attempted to burn the place
while the Cbinaman was absent. He has
been arrested before for conducting a
lottery.
MONEY MOVING.
Oakland Workmen Keeelved Cash To-
Day for Racetrack Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept, 16.— Tne con
tractors at the Oakland Trotting Park
paid off to-day, and oveT $10,000 in coin
changed hands. The men are paid every
two weeks, and are about 450 in number.
The improvements about the park will
result in an outiav altogether of nearly
$200,000, and the most of this goes to local
tirms for materials and workingmen who
reside in the vicinity. The graders work
in Cay and nigbt shifts, and are moving
about 3000 cubic yards of earth in twenty
four hours.
The new grand stand is about completed,
and work on tbe mile of single stalls and
a twelve-section barn is being pushed as
rapidly as possible. The concrete founda
tion for a $15,000 stable for Dan Burns is
laid, and soon work will begin near by on
a residence for him. Eftorts are being
made to get everything in shape for the
opening in October.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CAT-AND-MOUSE
LOCAL POLITICS
Each Half of a Combination
Watching the Other
Half.
NO ONE IS CONFIDENT.
Saturday's Convention Cannot
Fail of Being One of
the Liveliest
EVIDENCE OF THE EAILROAD.
Ex-Mayor Chapman Tells Why He Is
Opposed to Senator Perkins'
Re-election.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept 16. J
Doing politics at present consists
solely in preparing tickets for Saturday's
Republican primary. The task is a hard
one, and is taxing severely the cunning
and ability of the keenest and most ex
perienced politicians. Men who have
never been on the same side in local poli
tics before now walk Broadway arm in
arm, each congratulating himself on cav
ing converted the other, and this experi
ence is quite general.
Many new features have cropped up
since the Hilborn-Frick fight of a month
ago, and prominent men who opposed
each other are now in the same camp.
Dr. Pardee and W. R. Davis were des
perate for Hilborn ; R, Leckie, E. Nas
baumer and their friends were all earnest
for Frick. Now they aro all fightinc for
F. 8. Stratton for State Senator. W. H.
Friend, who carried on the notable con
test between the two Congressional com
mittees until he secured recognition and
was made president of the "reform
committee," was an active work
er with many of the men who
are now for Stratton, while he
at this time is reported as being out for
Dr. Derrick, who is Stratton's only oppo
nent. The work of Friend, though praise
worthy in many respects and deserving of
recognition, is consideraoiy neutralized
by his desire to be elected a Supervisor.
Just how far his popularity of two months
ago has suffered cannot be told till the
primary ballots are counted. It has been
reported that Friend may not work ac
tively for the Supervisorship if he be
promised certain support for Mayor next
March, but in any event it is Known he is
after an office, and this has made great in
roads into the effectiveness of hia reform
work.
Bailey, Johnstone and Pelouze, who
wish to succeed themselves as Supervisors,
have a hard fight on hand. They have all
been accorded railroad influence in the
past, and although Pelouze voted to up
held tbe Dalton assessment his conversion
came too late to merit confidence. The
candidates for Superior Judge are also in
a delicate position. The real fight is
Greene-Hall versus Langan-Hil!. The
men who were strong lor Frick for Con
j gressman are now for the Greene-Hall
ticket and also for Bailey and Jobnstone
for Supervisors. This being so, there is a
suspicion that the railroad is at work on
the whole combination, ana if this predic
tion be fulfilled before Saturday it will
materially help the Hill-Langan end of
the fight. There is no possibility of any
railroad support going to Hill, as he is one
of tbe leading counsel who won the deci
sion for the city that takes the Oakland
water front away from the corporation.
As Davis is for Stratton and Greene ana
j Hall are making the most of their com-
I bination with Stratton also, it is evident
I that support for Stratton does not imply
support for Hall and Greene, as W. R.
Davis is certainly not opposing his own
partner.
At present the Hall-Greene-Stratton
ticket is tbe most in evidence, and the
Langan-Jlill-Derrick ticket is tbe most
quiet. Past experience has invariably
shown that the quiet ticket comes out on
top, but there are enough new elements !
this time to keep even the shrewdest I
guessing
At the meeting of the Fourth Ward Re- !
publican Club last night ex- Mayor Chap
man made some remarks about Senator
Perkins. He said:
I am opposed to the re-election of a United
States Senator who says a free-trader should
go to Congress. Perkins it a good sort of |
fellow, but tie has not the courage of his con- '
vlctions. What right has he to discredit the
nominee of the Republican party? Perkins is
a nerveless and timid man, and contrasts I
strangely with Morino, one of the marshals of
Napoleon; he also was a timid man, but had
the courage of his convictions. If George C.
Perkins had a little of that man's courage, he
should be re-elected. I have no personal ani
mosity against Senator Perkins, but every Re
publican bhould be loyal to the party ana not
support a man who in this district is against
tbe funding bill, but up In Grove L. Johnson's
district is ia favor of it
The "free-trader" to whom Mr. Chap
man alluded is 'evidently Congressman
Maeuire.
Senator Eli Denison next spoke and
said be backed up Mr. Chapman's expo- '
Bition of Senator Perkins' position, and
would think it over deeply before he
helped to make Perkins a Senator next
winter.
Tbe Democrats are holding club pri
maries to-night for delegates to Saturday's
convention.
BARELY ESCAPED DEATH
Fire and an Explosion at the
House of James Fenian,
Berkeley.
Graham Laws, a University Student,
Is Among the Missing— News
Notes.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept, 16.- James
Fernan, a well-borer living on Grant
street, West Berkeley, narrowly escaped
death L>y fire shortly before 2 o'clock this
morninr. Shortly after the fire had
started, which soon enveloped his cabin,
a terrific explosion tools place which tore
the side of the building completely out.
Where the explosive matter came from
and how it happened to gat into the house
is a mystery which the occupant of the
house is attempting to solve.
Fernan was awaicened from sleep at
about 2 o'clock by the barking of his dog.
Looking about him he saw his whole
house ablaze, and before he could escape
his shirt was almost completely burned
from his back and his whiskers singed off
nearly altogether. He had barely got
outside the house when the explosion
took place. Strange to say, the dynamite
or other explosive had been placed under
his bed.
Fernan cannot account for the origin of
the fire, and consequently the general
supposition is that the explosive had been
placed under _is bed and the house fired
by an enemy bent on killing him.
Pernan's wounds, while serious, are not
dangerous. He was burned about the
hands, wrists, neck and back. He was re
moved to the County Hospital tcis after
noon for treatment.
Feasted in the Woods.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept 16.— The co
i eds ol the fresnman class at the State Uni
j versify were j;iveu an open-aiir reception
I to-day by the young lady members
|of the junior class. There was not enough
room in any of the college buildings
to accommodate the crowd, and so they
took to the woods and held tueir feast
under the eucalypti back of Ben Weed's
amphitheater. Abont 300 young ladies,
dressed in cay summer attire (for it was a
•warm day) were on hand when the hour
came for the opening of the festivities.
President Kollogg and Colonel Edwards
I were there and offered toasts to the "00"
girls. The young college men were con
spicuous by their absence, with the excep
tion of Brick Morse's mandolin club, which
was called upon for several selections.
After the dainty viands and ices had been
several toasts were offered to the freshie
co-eds. Miss Marian Whipple '98 was
toast-mistress. Short speeches were made
after those of the president and Colonel
Edwards by Captain Gnswold of the co-ed
basket-ball team, Miss Florence Mason,
Miss la Mont, Miss Centennia Barto, Miss
Aurelia Henry, Miss Ethei McC.ymonds
and Miss Annie Laudstrom. Miss Lillian
Moller responded in behalf of the fresh
men.
A Berkeley Student Missing.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 16.— Graham
Laws, a student in the class of '98 at tne
State University and a resident of Haw
thorne, Nev., is missing from Berkeley
and hi 3 friends are at a loss to know his
whereabouts.
He stated on last Thursday that he in
tended leaving for his home in Nevada,
and went as far as the Sixteenth-street
depot in Oakland. He neither went home
nor returned to his fellow fraternity men
in Berkeley. Accordingly tbe greatest
Graham Laws, the Missing Berk
eley Student.
I anxiety exists among the young man's
j friends for fear he has met with foul play.
Yesterday his mother, who had written to
Berkeley to find out how her son was get
ting on at the university, and, receiving
| no reply, came down to find out what was
I the trouble.
It appears that Laws has received $1000
from home since July 1 and that no ac
count ha 3 been rendered a3 to where it has
gone. An active search is being made to
locate tbe young coliege man and his
money.
Senior Class Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 16.— The
senior class at the State University held a
j lively meeting this afternoon and* elected
I officers for the terra. Mis* Lena Reding
| ion was elected president, Jack. Hatch first
vice-president, J. R. Selfridge second vice-
I president, Miss Grace Crabbe secretary,
j Paul Robinson treasurer, Miss S. B. Cul
ver sergeant-at-arms. The following direc
tors were also elected : Charles Elston,
Miss Florence McCoy and J. H. Mee.
Knights of Honor.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 16.— The State
officers of the Knights of Honor visited
the local branch of the order last night.
Grand Guide Learned of San Francisco
was the guest of the evening and presided
at the iestivities. Grand Dictator P. L.
Archibald gave the address of the evening,
in which he reviewed the work as outlined
by the order. The other grand officers
who were present were: Grand Vice-Dicta
tor Morrison. Grand Assistant Dictator
Thompson and Grand Reporter Johnson.
•—«• — «■ — »
Commission Men.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— The com
mission merchants of this city who are
now lined up on both sides of Eleventh
street have a project under consideration
to transfer the whoie business to the foot
of Broadway and consolidate it in one big
building. The idea is to have astructure
erected, covering a block at First street,
which couid be used like an" immense free
market.
C. C. Keiiance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— The first
football game of the season will be one
between the U. C. of Berkeley and the
Reliance of Oakland at Central* Park, San
Francisco, Saturday. October 3. Ii is said
the R. A. C. men never showed up in better
condition than they do this fall and it is
expected they will sustain their reputation
by defeating the boys from Berkeley.
• — m •
Allman'fl Defense.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 16.— John All
man, the wealthy stage-line owner, is to
appear in the Police Court in the morn
ing as defendant, and announces- he will
conduct his own case. He has subpenaed
several residents of Vernon Heights who
have been trying to compel him to lay a
sidewalk corresponding to others in th"
vicinity, but what he expects to prove is
unknown.
Another Race Meetlnir
Dr. George W. Leek, president of me board
of directors of the Goldoii Gate Driving Asso
ciation, has called a meeting of . c board for
next Monday evening in Police Court 3.
The object of the meeting is to debate tbe ad
visability of holding another race meeting in
the latter part of October.
Shot in the Hand.
G. Massey. saloon-keeper, attended a clam
bake at Mill Valley yesterday. He was fool
ing with a parior rifle when it went off and
the bullet passed through his right hand.
When he reached the City he went to the Re
ceiving Hospital an<l had his wounded hand
dressed by I»r. Fitzgibbon.
/ r "*>s. Dr: Gibbon's Dispensary,
/fe©S& V 1 ?&y> KA ? > V " T - Establlshpd
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
EA ? XIr * T - Established
, in 1854 for the treatment of Private
t&J&tdmi Disease*, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*WtF&l3&&b diseasewearingon bodyand mindand '
•^SSBStPa & n Diseases. TliPdoctorcureswheu
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
gsgaMmSaa C«re» war j>ntof d. Cal lor write. •
I>r. J. a?. OIBBOJT. Box 1957. San Jj'ranciac-
RAILROAD TRAVEL. V J
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROID
(Via Sauaalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 1898.
,■ WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and • San - Rafaal— •7»2s, «9:15.
11:30 a. M.: *1:45. 3:45, *5:15, •5:43,6:30 P.M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
.Sundays. ; . /
For Mill Valley and Ran I; a fuel— *B:oo, , •10:00
•11:30 a. M.: *1;SO, 3:00, *4:EO, 6:15 M. ;
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
. THROUGH TRAIN?.
For Point. Bey ea. and way stations— 7:2s a.m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 P. m. Satur-
days. :■..-.•.;>.-.; :.;.-■ , ■ /■.--< . ;
i- or Cazadero and war stations— 7 :2s a. m. Week-
days; 1:45 r. m. Saturdays.
./luctton Sales
EDWARD 8. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
AUCTION SALE Of HELIC \L TCBK
PRKMIEK BICYCLES
THl_ DAY.
Thursday September 17, 189Sf
At 12 o'cloclc M., in uur salesrooms,
We will sell, by Catalogue,
40 Ladles' and Gentlemen '■ Premiers,
The lightest of the high-grade wheels. The only
wheel having tbe C. S. Government test. Sold by
order of Col. J. M. Lttchfleld, Trustee, to close con-
signment. Wheels now on exhibition.
EUWAKD h. frfiCAR t fc CO.. Auctioneers.
RAILROAD THAVEti
s«rTHER.»; SUt'IFICCOMPANY.
{PACIFIC SYSTEM.) ■
Train* lenic j»ii«! are «hra to nrrlve at
NAN JBAN(I«<»,
Uavx — FrtOM September 3, 1896. — arriti
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. ... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantis Kzpress, Ogtlea and East.. 8:4Br
7:00 a Uenicia, VacaTilf e, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, Ororille and Redding via
BaYia 6:43 p
7:<M»a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa. ' 6ilsf
>:30a Niles, San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvilla and Red
Staff 4:1 tip
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton »7«15p
9:00 a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:4-1 p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:OOa. Vallejo 6:15p
I:00p San Jose and Livermore Bi43a
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers. «9 «00p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t?i49r
4:00 p Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, .
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa -.........'.' 9>lSa
4«»»FBenicia, VacaTille, Esparto, Wood-
land. Knights Landing. Marys-
villc, OroTillo and Sacramento ,' 1 0:45 a
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Llvennore and'
Stockton 7:13*
4:30p Merced; Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemits) and Fresno 11:45a-
o:90p New Orleans IJxprcKi.l'resno.Bakers-
field. Santa li:irbnra,l,os Angeled,
Doming, El Pa3o, New Orleans and
East lOiISa
S:0Or Santa IV Route, Atlantic Express
f or Mojsto au<l East ! 10:13 a
s:OOpVaUejo 11:43 a
6:O»M> European Mail, Ogdon and East.... 9:43 a
C:OOr Haywardii, Kilts ami San Jose 7:43 a
t7:OOi»Vailejo t7:43p
7:00p Oregon lixpresa, Sacramouto, Marys-
Tille, Redding, Portland, l'tiget
{sound and East 1 0:4
SANTA «'Ki:Z IUVIstO.N (Nnrro- <.ange>.
17:45 a Santa -Cruz Excursion, £anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations I8:03p
8:15 a Cen torvil!e,H;in. lose, Felton, '
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ; 3ißop
. •2:13p Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
..... , • Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
• • Stations 1 :HO a
. 4:13 p Newark, Han. 7obo and l.ns Uatos O:3O\
COAST DIVISION X ToiTitsciid Sto.)
*6:4i>ASaii .1030 ami \V:iy tjtatio-js (New ~?~~
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).. ..... 9:47 a
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion fcr San Jose, ' ; .-—-
-.-Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way 5tati0n5. . ......... J«:Bsp
S:l3a Han Jose, Trea l'inus, .Santa Cruz, '.;•
.. PaclCo Grove, Paso Robles, San
"•■-! , Luis Ol>ispo, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way Kliitlous 7:05p
Jo:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations... fl:3op
10:10 a Man .lose and W.iy Stations. 3:00p
1 1:3Oa Piilo Alto ami Way Station 3t3or
*2:3Oi> San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, .San Jose,
"" •■- . Gflroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
- Salinas,Monteieyn.iidPaclllcGrove *10:40 A
■8:!I0p San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *I:30p
•4:3op6an Jose and Way Stations *8:00 a
3:30p San .l d3o nud Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
fl:3Op Ban Jose and Way Stations G:33a
t11:45r San Jcsoriml Way Stations t7;45p
SAX hfcANimO AM) HAItWAKDS LOCAL.
iMI:OOA • ( 7:15 A
8:00 a . :. -.: . ■ : . (9:45 a
l8:Sot Melro«e,SemliimryPark, , J?jjg£
$$%& Fitchburg,S«*Le..dro »ff|g^
3:00p .-J 4:45 1-
-4:00p ' 5:43p
5:OOp n.,.,,,1. £]»£
7:OOp ■ . ;. 8:43p
8:00p ■>_. ■ • . . „„ . . 9:43p
9*oop » Runs through to Niles. * 10>S0p
ftH:lspj tFromNlles. . [ tt!2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS FRANCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
. •7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 »2:30 . t3:00
' •1:00 tB:OO . *6:00 p.m.
from OAKIASD— Foot or Eroadwiy.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.U. U2:00 *l:00 J2:00 *3:00 tl:00 ;
"S:QOr.M. ' ■ ' • • . ■ -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
• : t Sundays only. - ■ • .
ft Monday, Thursday .and Saturday nights only.
SASFRIMSCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tilmron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
***=£. 'DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.*.; 11 ML
. 8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. M , Thursdays— Kxtra trta
snd 1?SO' * Baturd *'»- Kxt «^ip- «VSI
eD1 fifot. Y 6^0 7 p 30 _ 9 * 0 ' 11:0 ° -** : I'% 3:S *
. . San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:80, 9:10, 11-10 A __
" U: 6foO. Y 7 p _. 9: - i5 ' ll!l6 **' 1:40 > *»
Between San Francisco and Schustzen Park' sama-
■chedule as abeve. «"«•
! ■an Francisco. A °*^ 1 San FrlrTc'lica
Wkkk I Son- up. 1 ,^,,,.. Son- I W«f"
Days, I days. -"?»tlnatlon^ DAYB- [ j, A Y * ■
7:80 Ai1, 7:30 am Novato, , 10:40 am 8:40 ax
8:30 pm 9:80 am J'etalunia. 6:05 pm , 10:10 a*
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 p_j 6:15 p_
' -1 Fulton, ■•
7:30 am j Windsor, :'. 10:10 ax
sHealdsburg,
: ■• ' • ■ I Geyser ville, '
8:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale.- 7:30 pm 6:18 r «
'■ Pleta, | ~"
7:30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
8:30 I'M 7:30 am I Ulclah. 7:80 pm 6:15 >k
7:30 am! ~ 10:10 Air
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 rM > ■ •■■■ :
3:50 pm I ■ ■ - ■ ■ 6:15 pn
7:80 am 1 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
and ;
6:10 m 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:80 am,7:30 ami .,.„..„,,, 110:40 AMI 10:10 AX
8:30 pm 1 5.00 pm I - eDaatopol - | 6:osgM| 6:16 px
I Stage* connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
(Springs; at Geyserville for Slcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pietafor Highland
Springs, Krlseyville, Soda Bay and —akeport; at
Hopland for L&keport and Bartlett Springs: at
1 TJklah for Vlcuy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blna
lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
•ell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, BoonevOla.
'Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
j»ort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, WUlets, Cahto, Oe>
To:o. Laytonvlile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.- , ;-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redo**! .
•Mes.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points h*>
jrond San Rafael at hair rates. ' _■
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bniidUng,
B. G. WHITING. . - R. X. RYAN,
' yen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agaafc
Atlantic • I^^^^.
■ Trains leave and arrive t: SrJ^©*^^^-^?!
Market-Street Ferry. ' V^'s^F^^V§sl
SASTA FE EXPRESS. I^^S
To Chicago via A. — r.^_g_afejg\J
Direct Lino . s &!&
! Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullmaa
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern La.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean Unen
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run I daily -
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can '
for Denver and St. Louis.
1 Personaly conducted ■ Boston Excursions via
; Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
-Mountains leave every Wednesday. , . . ,
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
; San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Maim
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
-Trains connect with North Pacifle
Const Railroad.
WEEK DAYS- Leave 8. F. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 f m
Returning— Arrive S. W. 3:25 p m. 6-20 p" v
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11:30 a. H. 1:30 » m'
Returning— Arrive S-F.1:15p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 » _•'
. Tickets for sale. In Mill Valley or •' - " " •- ■ • .
w.mT,",?^ COOK & !SOXS ' 621 Market St., 8. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpala Scenic Ball war.
1112
ITALIANS TO CELEBRATE.
Fireworks and a Procession Will
Commemorate the 30th of
September.
The Society of the Bersaglieri Takes
the Lead in Marking the
Event
The Italian colony is preparing a cele
bration for the twenty-eighth anniversary
of the taking of Rome, which occurs on
Sunday next.
The Society of the Bersaelieri is at the
head of the celebration, though the Italian
school committee and the committe to
aid the poor are also actively participating
in the preparations, and a programme to
occupy the entire day has already been
drawn out. As the 20th of September falls
on a Sunday there will no doubt be a great
many people able to take part who were
last year prevented by their daiiy avoca
tions from sharing in the festival.
The festivities will beein with, a parade,
in which all the civil and military soci«
ties in the colony will take part. The
procession is to start at 10 a. m. from the
Sala dei Bersaglier i ; it will traverse Stock
ton street. Broad way and Montgomery
avenue, after which it will return to Union
street, proceeding thence to Harbor View
ParK, wnere tbe literary and oratorical
exercises are to taKe place. Two speakers
are to be chosen, one in Italian and one
in English, and the presidents of the three
societies which are arranging the festival
have been given absolute power to chose
these two orators. The Italian Consul,
Cay. Serra, is to attend the celebration
and the president of tlie day will be Signor
Venaiilia, president of the Bersaglieri
Society.
It has been decided to have a tombola
at Harbor View, with prizes of $200, $100,
$50, etc. All tne proceeds, both of the
tombola and the rest of the celebration,
wiil be divided equally between the poor
of the colony anil the Italian school.
In the evening there will be a grand dis
play of fireworks in Union Square, with
allegorical figures of the taking of Rome,
Porta Pia, etc, while a band chosen for the
occasion, will play appropriate music. The
day wiil end with a ball in the Sala dei
Bersa^lieri.
All the committees for the celebration
of the 20th of September nave already been
chosen. The reception committee con
sists of J. F. Fugazi, A. Sbarboro, G.
Bazurro, Captain Baghetto, G. Irtusso, G.
Yensano, G. Caglieri, J. Sala, Tacconi,
Postiglione, X. L. Belgrano, Martinoni, F.
Cavagnaro, and all the Italian doctors,
lawyers and druggists in the City.
It is expected that if the coming cele
bration of the twenty-eichth anniversary
of the taking of Rome does not surpass
the celebration 01 last year, at least it will
not be inferior to it.
The three preaidenta, E. Venaglia, P.
Barbieri and A. Zabaldano, nave issned a
spirited circular, calling on all their com
patriots to aid in making the celebration
a success.
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
The town of Corona has voted to issue school
bonds.
The Sacramento Building and Loan Association
has elec ea Daniel Flint president, the California
Slate Bank treasurer, and Frank Hickman secre
ta y. The assets of the association are valued at
$1267,674 64. A n-t «am to the stockholders of
7 ]-5 per cent was made last year.
The amount of bonds to be issued by the North '
Tule district, in Tulare County, is $600.
It was to satisfy the claim of the State of Oregon
that the property of the Springfield Power and
Improvement Company was sold at Eugene at
mortgage sale. The property was bid In by the
attorney lor tb,e plaintiff. The claim of the Sta c
was based on a loan made by Governor Pennoyer,
Secretary Mcßride and Treasurer Metscham, who,
as commissioners In < harge or all >tate school
funds, had let the company have $10,000. The 1
Mate secured the property for 53649 59. Accord- ■
inn to the Portland Orpgoman. the cost of this j
property a few years ago was $1 00. 000.
The election at Tiburon in reference to a pro- !
posed issue of $10,000 worth of school bonds to
purchase a lot and erect a school building will take j
place October 10.
Bids for $3500 worth o;' bonds to be issued by ]
Harold Scfaooi District of Los Angelas i ounty will j
be opened to-day by the Treasurer of Los Angeles i
County.
The Mexican National Railway Company, llm
itfd. has been registered in London with a capital
of i'.^.Oao, in 10a shares. The object Is to take
over criain mortgaif- bonds known as scries "A"
and \B," Issued by the Mexican \atlonai Ka'ilroad
Company, an American corporation, and toexe- '
cute a deed of trust. Tiie directors are: H. \v.
-miners. R C. Ban bury, .M.1.. H. J. Cninuery, \
William Brander iind J. M. Macdonald.
n Hs-icssment of 10 per cent had been levied on
the capi.al stor k of the Bank of National City by I
vote oi the board of directors.
The ordinance recently adopted by the Portland •
City council authorizlnj; the sale under the bond- j
ing act of street and sower improvement Donds
to the amount of 824,297 76 contained the usual
clause: "Payable in In ted States cold coin."
The vaiuu of mortgages on rejil and personal
property in Napa County is $2,309,050. The
grand total of the assessed va. ue of the county as ;
returned in a financial statement prepared by I
County Auditor Deweese is $13,181,579. The
total number of acres assessed is 3b9,851. The 1
total value of real estate in the county is 1*6,392,- I
840: total value of improvements in the county, j
$3,90*, 400; personal property and money, $3,100,- !
The bonds to be Issued by Safford school distric '
No. 1, of Graham County, which will
an:ount to $5500, will run fora period of twenty
years and will bear interest at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum.
The capital stock of the Commercial State Bank !
of Oak> sdale. Wash., has been reduced from $50 -
000 to $25,000. aud a c rtificate has been filed in
the County A uditor's office attesting that fact.
The Victoria Colonist says tha- much Puget
Sound money has been taken to British Columbia
re ently tor deDOsit in chartered binks until politi
cal uncrtainty in the United states Is at an end
The following is a quotation from the Victoria
Colonist of September 5: '-The number of Ameri
can citizens who are daily apply:rig for the protec
tion of the Canadian banks against the possible
loss of their noney through the adoption of free
silver is surprising. Ihe majority of these de
posits are made for three or six months."
THE STOOK MARKET.
The Comstocks were weaK in the morning, but
advanced somewhat in the afternoon vlih the
usual qutet business. The close was weak again.
At the annual meeting of the Gray Eagle Min
ing Company yesterday 80.000 sha es were repre
sented and the following directors elected: J. W.
Harrison, M. Denaveaux, H. \V. Gray. A. H. Hogg
and D. K. Allison. Officers were elected as fol
lows: Presldeh-, J. W. Harrison; vice-president
H. W. uray: secretary, \V. G. Gurnett: treasurer,
Wells, Forgo <fc Co.'g Bank ; superintendent, T. «'.
Durning.
The annual meeting of the Mono will be held
to-day, and afterwan it is expected that the con
solidation of the mining property of the Standard
Consolidated. Bodie Consolidated,. Bulwvr Con
solidated and Mono mines will be perfected, under
the name of the Standard Exploration Company
of Bod le, and shares in the new company will in
due time be exchanged in proper proportion for
those of the old companies. The Standard slock
will soon be relisted at the San Francisco stock
and Kxchanze Board.
Bodik < oxsoLiDATKn-200 level— Are stripping
timbers and pianking from the old chute in the
east crosscut, and have put ladders in the old
Gildea raise opposite the shaft. Have drifted
south 16 fee: from tlie top of the main (iiidea
raise, on 10 inches of eood ore. Have p'lt In 15
ieet of the waste chute in this r is». 300 level—
trouth drift on Burgfas ledge advanced 15 feet and
stopped temporarily. The vein is small in the
face. Are sloping north and south on 10 inches
good graae ore from Gildea raise on 200 level
north on Burgess pilar above 300 level and
nonh on old Fortuna fillings on the 400 level
On the surface are laying pip? line from Standard
mill to the Bodle sh»fu Extracted during the
week the following amounts of ore- From '00
level (Gildea ledge) 18.5 tons, car-samnle' assay
$35 per ton: from 300 level (Burgess ledge) 4 tons
essay $^4 60, and from 400 level (Fortuua lodge)
1.5 tons, assay $10. -Total amount extracted, 24
tons. Average assay value, $25 pur ton.
BVI.WEB COXSOI.IDATKD— 200 level — StOpe 10
above south en sscui 2, connected with old work
ings in the south end. Slopes 11 and 10 are yield
ing ore of about the same quau-.ity and value as
hereiofore. opened up old raise from main drift
20 f<-et south of shaft, but fou; d nothing to justify
working here. Tunnel level— Work in raise* 2 dis
continued entirely. Are still sloping fair rock
from raise, 1, the pay extending further south
thun any of the stopes lower down. The south
drift from crosscut was advanced 3 feet on a
sn all seam of low-grade ore. Ru se above the old
stoi>e over intermedia:© drift from crosscut % i was
advanced 2 feet on a Fimi:l seam of fair on-. Dur
ing the week the following amounts of ore were
extracted: From 2; 0 level, 9 tons, car sample
assay $4 3 per (on; from tunnel level, raise 1,19
tors, hssay $26 50; raise 2, 6 tons, assay $33 50
-intermediate, 0.7 tons, assay $30. Total amount
of ore extracted, 12.2 tons. Average assay, $40
per ton. Hauled to Stand ird mill during the
week, 157V8 tuns of ore for reduction.
Mono— 4oo level of Bodle— The south drift on
the Fortnna was advanced 9 feet from the BoOle
side: the vein is small and poor in the face.
t?TAjrnABD Mil Statement— Ore crushed for
!he week 165 tons for the Standard Con. mine and
157% tons for the Bulwer Con. mine. Average
dally crushing 46 tons. Average assay vanner
tailings $6 25. Total tons concentrates produced
13/;.. Assay value $51 53. Plate amalgum pro
duced 513 1/3 ounces. Tailings plant 1 treated
S88V& tons tailings for the week: plant 2 treated
418.5 tons tailings.
BO AKD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock- Board yesterday :
BIBUUB MORNING SESSION. COMMENCING 9:30.
100 Andes.. 30 200 G_C 63 200 OcddtL... 62
100 Bodle 100 64 160 V Jac_1...30
150 CrwnPt..VSJ»| I
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
100 Andes . . . . 52i200 Chllar.. . 2. 85 60 Ophlr 99
60 Blcber 51 160 CC*V... 1.85 60 1.00
100 ..'...'... 52 50 Confl ...1.35 201* l'oiost... »9
160 B __... 1.00 700 K«fcN... 1.56 SOD Hay 64
300 Bullion... .lpj 50 :.xcn 581100 S Nev....75
100 Bulwer... 4H 200 Mono 21 100 Union 42
100 dialing.. .43lJoo N G _ C..09 100 V J»c_«i..3l
100 44 I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
' .' HESDUB SESSION— IO:3O.
600 Alpha.. . ,lt>|l6o CC_V..I.BO|3OO Overman. l 6
200 Alt-. 07 60 C0nn....1.30!400 P0t051....96
200 Andes 30,400 C Imp 02 4UO bavg 61
460 Blchr 60400 03 300 62
300 iJ_8......9f'6U0 C P01nt«..29 400 Gtyt
200 99700 Exchqr....O6 Boo Scorplon..o6
500 Bodle 60,400 U<CC 64 400 58<tM....09
1000 8u1110n..18 _00 H_N...1.50,4005Kv 74
400 19100 ...a.55 ! 300 73
lOOCaled -II 500 1.621/" 400 Uni0n.. ...41
200 Cha11ge... 41300 Justice.. ..o6 4oo 40
300 Ch0ir... 2.25 300 Alex ..66:201) U_b 08
200 .......2.271A 300Occd 52450 V Jc_u....ao
800 2.30 200 Ophlr 98!
j AITKRNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 A1tih».....16i 50 Conn. 1.82 y a 400 Ophlr... 97
200 Alta -.07 500 C Imp.. . .OX 100 .......^.1.00
100 Andes 30J1O0 C P0int. ...30 400 99
200 Hl'iOO 29J20U P0t051....97
40u 8e1cner....62;100 Exchqr....Os 950 98
200 BAB 99|200 <_ C.....64 300 ...._ 99
400 1.00500 66 400 _T .63
100 Bodle f>!< 100 H_N 1.52 V" 300 58— M....08
200 8u11i0n.... 18 200 1.56 200 bHr 74
100 8u1wer.. . 45 aOO Justice. ...osl2oo 76
800 Cba1ng...:40700 Kentuck..u7|4OO 8 Hill 02
200 ........... .43 400 Mxcn.....67 200 Union C...43
46 i Ch0ir.. ...36 ! 100 Mono 10 300 Utah 08
100 2% -'OO Occd 62.00 * J»c_«..3l
150 CCV....1.8U800 0vrmn....14 100 80
200 1.8-W I
' CLOSING DOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 16-4 r. m.
jiirt.Asked.\ BULAtkei.
Alpha Con. ... 16 17 Jackson -5 —
Alta. 07 08 Julia 06 08
Andes. 31 32IJustlce. 04 05
Belcher 61 6:' Keniuck „ 06 07
Best _ Belcher 98 1-00 Lady Wash.... — 04
Benton C0n.... 15 —Mexican 67 68
Bodie — 65 Mono 20 —
Bullion 19 20 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer. 45 — Occidental..... 62 63
Caledonia. 10 12Ophtr 99 1.00
Chollar 2.36 2.40 Overman.. 14 15
Con.Cal_Va...l.Bo 1.85 : l'otosl 98 1.00 j
Challenge Con. 43 44 Ravage, 64 65 I
; Con. Imperial. 02 OS scorpion — 10
Confidence 1.35 1.40 >eg. Belcher... 08 09
Con New York — 04 Syndicate 03 —
Crown Point... 28 29 Mlver HU1.... 02 03
KastSierraNer — 04 Sierra Nevada. 75 77
tnrekaCon... 25 — Union Con 43 44
Kxcheauer 04 05 Utah 09 10
Gould <£ Curry. 65 66 Yellow Jaclcttfe 32 33
Hale — Norcrs. 1.50 1.55
COLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Champion 100 Lock wood Con. 29
Bid 18 00 Asked Princess 72
Asked 25 00 Providence .
Edna • I Asked 75 00
Asked 84 200 Savannah 47
Uranu... I Thorpe
Asked - 20' Bid _ 60
Keystone. Asked - 80
Bid 65 00 100 Chollar 2 25 !
Kennedy 100 Con Virginia... 180
-id 5 50 100 Hale _ Norcrs. 160
Asked 600 50 165
700 Lock wood Con- 27100 Potosi 95 !
200 28'
LOCAL KKCURITIE*.
Bid Spring Valley Water _ 88-5 !
Eic San Francisco Gas • 96 50
Asked do 97 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 16-2 p. _.
TNITKI) STATES BONDS.
Bid. AtkuL Bid. AikeA.
US 4s coup.. 1 Oft — USta rej... — 107%
Do new i*su«-l 14-<i —
MISCKLLANKOtm hon--.^
Cal-HtCble»*. 10» 110 PacRoIIMSi. _ _
Cal Elect, 6s 11 » - IDo2d Is 6s. . _ _
CntraCWs» — 94 |p*OR 6s. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co 86 97% P_Ch R v 6* — 10714
KdsnL_P6sll9 - Pwl-st RR6i. — —
F-CHRR63. - 103 Reno, W___ — 105
Geary-stßss. — 10"y 2 tacto PAL,. — 102 V%
l.os L Hi. — 100 NPRSs. 97V.100
DoUnteedSs 95 100 BPRRArtstSj — 97
Mkt-stCbleßsllßs / 4120 KPRRCaI6s. - HOVa '<
DoßyConSs-lOls^ioaVißPßßCalSs. - —
NatVin6slst 96 — iSPBrRCaI6s. — 99
NevCNeß7s. 96 — |FV Wiierßi. 1166A117i/i
NPCRR6S. - 106 SVWater4s.. 97V4 -
NRyCal6s. 99^ - StktnG&Eoi — 102 V.
NRy Cal ss. - 100 !?uns:T<_T6s. - -
Oak Gas 53.100 — Bnlter-BtR5-107^_110
1.02 d v As.. 100 104 Vla_ll_WC*« — —
Omnibus tut. 117 —
«_>«_■ —-OCICT.
Contra Costa 82 40 |BanJos«... — _
Mario C 0.... 60 63 |-prag Valley 97 97V4
. « *<■ (■totki.
Capital 17% SO (Pacific Ll«ht 47% 49
Central- 95 ' — ISau trancjeo 9054 91
Oa-GL&u. 614 62 V a Stockton — XO
Pac Uaslmp. 83 — |
JNSCBANCK BTOC-X
Fireman's Fd 150 — |Bnn 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STO-KV
Amerß— TCL — — LondonP— A.l23V. —
Anglo-Cal — 58 London&Sif. — 27V4 ;
Bank of Cat.. 225 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal 8 D_TColo7%llo Nevada. — —
FlrstNaiioni. — 180 Sather BCa. — —
. BAVINBI BANK — rOCK.^
OerRAIiCo.I2OO 1260 !i*av _ Loan.. _ ioo
Humbb— L.lloo 1450 Security...... 200 274
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust. 760 —
bPsav Union — 480 j
STBRBTT BAI_ROAT> «Tr»TCI-
California,... 106 — Oak LA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 80 Presidio 0 —
Market-su... 42 43 |6utter-st — -
FOW~_B STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGiantCon.... 1614 —
Eastern D... 70 — Jndson D..«. - —
C*Utorni_... 70 — iVigoriu - 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK- ■
Alas** rkrs. 95 — NatVlnCo.. _. _.:.,<
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20
CalCotMUls — — I'acAuxb'A I —
Edison Light 116 117 PacßoraxCo. 9- 100
UaaConAssn. — — 1 Pac Roll Mill — —
tier Lead-Co. 80 100 | Part Pal nt(Jo 6Vi 7V.
HawC— SCa. 13% I^/g PacTnuisCo. — 24
_utchSPCo 19S/ 8 19 a /+ PacTAT Co. 70 —
Mer Ex Assn. 100 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
UElec Light — 4% i United C Co. — 25
BALES — UOK.MM t_--)9tj.*.
Board—
60 Hawaiian Commercial. 13 50
60 do do 13 6_*4
46 Pacific Lighting 4H 00
70SFOaslieht CO 26
60 do do 90 87%
Street—
20 S FGaslient 90 26
10 s V Water 96 76
5000 S F A N P Hallway Bonds 98 00
. SA-KS— ArTKBXiIuN .4__KO-<C
Bourd—
10 California-street Railroad _.... 106 00
10 do do, bS... ioh 00
25 Ilutchlnson S P Co, s 30 19 60
50 L PA A Bank 125 00
92000 >'ark»-t-st Cable 6;. Bonds 119 00
6 Oakland 62 25
60 8 F Gaslight 90 62%
60 do do 90 75
70 M V Water W7 00
$16,000 H V 6% Bonds 116 76
Street —
•5000 V 4% Bonds : 116 25 ,
100 L P A A Bank 126 00
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
SUSINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco O*x__
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock trerj
sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-6SO Montgomery stn»t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission stre*U. >p_»
«ntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
'36 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock
. NOTICE OF aiEETINGSs.
I i£|F* CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. _>
, u°,lt. A C-? 1 - " meet THIS ( HURS- A
w )^ VESIXGl Se P l - 17 ' at 7 o'clock. V*
Second degree. By ord«r or the master. f\f\
FRANKLIN H. DA V. secretray.
%££%&»£ tor _^aagg--- 3r w
SPECIAL NOTICES..
I^* I)R ; , H *.- l - Junes, oculist and
"TV -nrlst, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 PosU Tel Grant ill.
B^S=" BAD TENANTS KJECTED FOR 54-'
■»-~ r collections made, city or country Pacitio
Collection Co.. 415 -Jontzy »_. room 6. Tel. 6580.
ft— S*< BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
«~-^ Law and Collection Office, 10.23 .Market st.
. E2IP GAS FIXTURES MADE TO OKDI-.K-
-*- —*^ cheapest place in the cltv ■H. ttttk
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Hate aye? ■ .
K_?*_ UK - T. F. BKEX.NAN REMOVED TO
»->• Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
___?"w. DR iP 15 ;; 5 1/^ D RFP HAS REMOVED
>-y his offices to 22% Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
.DIVIDEND NOTICES.
K5- o pi vid kxd^- wFicT^STvLDEN_rNa
tt-S' 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hntchlnnon Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
a. the office of the company, 327 Market street,
on ana after • Monday, September ., 21, 189 a
Transfer-hoolcs will close Tuesday. September 15,
1896, at 3 o'clock P. _.
; , K. H. SHELDON,. Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THDKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMA-E.
T ADiES RKQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter St.
pOMPETE.NT FRENCH GIRL DESIRES BIT-
\J uation as waitress or nurse and seamstress;
best reference. . MISS LLEN, 323 Sutter su
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
" I son si., furnishes best help of all nationalities.
IDDLK-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion to do housework; is good cook; small
family of adults preferred; bein. all alone in this
country would like good home: best of reference.
Call or address 814 Filbert st.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER (WITH NO IX-
tT cumbrance) wants situation in widower's fam-
ily: willing to do sewing: fond of children: good
references: country preferred. Address House-
keeper, 127 Turk st.
•^EAT RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHKS A
■ -Li position as working housekeeper in a widow-
i er's family: good cook; fond of children; cl.y or
country. all or address 31 Sanchez St.: Casiro-st.
car; telephone Mission 208. . .
VOISG GIRL OF 17 DKSIRES SITUATION
X in bakery or any kin of store: has had experi-
ence as saleslady. Call or address 1114 Florida
st., near Twenty-third, downstairs.
A MKRICAN WIDOW DESIRES SITUATION:
jf V- will take '.ousekeeper's position: city or coun-
try ; plain sewing or any kind of light work. 864 v»
Minion st., room 3.
SITUATION WANTED BY \HAT AND WILL-
-0 ing young woman, for general housework:
wages $15. Please call or address 916 Howard St.,
near Fifth.
Vi: ANTED— WORK BY A MIDDLE-AGED
" woman in restaurant, hotel or boardtng-house;
good cook or waitress. Call or address 814 Filbert.
T) EFINED PROTESTANT GIRL DESIRES
XX position as lady's maid or companion govern-
ess; can give lessons, vocal or piano. 1062 Folsom.
TTINGLISH WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
XJ housekeeper to widower or bachelor; good ret-
erences. Address R. H.. box 118, Call.
\K- ANTED— BY YOUNG GIRL SITUATION
•' for genera! housework; wages $15 to $17 per
month. Apply 369 Minna st.
VOL'.\G WOMAN WANTS WOnK BY THE
X day; washing, ironing and general housework.
Call or address 732 Union st.
p EKMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
\JT do housework and plain cooking. 818 V_ Geary,
(■Saratoga court, flat 4.
VOUXO LADY WILL PAY BONUS FOB
X good position. 2. box 74, Call office.
ESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD
XV cook, wishes position as general housekeeper
and manuger; thoroughly com patent; nurse also;
business capacities. Address 741 Minna st.
II LAI lON WANTED YOUNG GIRL TO
do general housework and plain cooking; $15
per month. 1215 V. Mission su .
ELIABLE~vbMAN WANTS SITUATION
XX to do sewing and take care of children. Call
or address 938 Pacific St.. corner of Mason.
A' OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKh. PLACE TO
X work with child 14 month* old. Call or ad-
dress 39 South Park. - 
I OM PET-NT CHILD'S NURSE WANTS SIT-
-1 v^ uatlon; can take full charge of an Infant; city
references. Call or address 104 Webster st., beu
Haight and Waller.
'OUNo GIRL WISHKS A POSITION TO DO
X light noust'work or second work. Call or ad-
dress 227 Hayes su ...
T) EFINED GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
XV tion as companion or governess with traveling
American family going to Mexico or Guatemala;
fine references. Address A. F., box 42, Call Office.
/ 1 ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VJ day: washing, ironing and cleaning. Call 870
Folsom st.
'OUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE AS CHAM-
X bermaid or to assist in housework: wages $12.
Address 864y 2 Mission St.. room 6.
STRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS ANY
kind of work by the day. B. M., 1056 a Howard
I St.; postals answered immediately.
! TDEKINED GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
I XV companion or take care of grown children. 163
i Ninth st. ■ ■
! p ERMAN LADY WISHES ANY KIND OF
1 VJ sewing ana mending. MRS. PLIES, 148 Sixth
su, room 11.
■yoUNG GIRL. COMPETENT COOK, WANTS
X general housework. Call 1007 Natoma sU, off
Eleventh, beu Howard and Mission.
ITUATION WANTED BY PROTESTANT
girl in private family; good cook: can give ref-
erence. 711 Polk st.
KKSS—aKKR: $125 PER DAYANDCAR-
fare; good fitter. 112 Taylor.
yOUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST, GOOD
X cutter and titter, wants situation and a home
with a dressmaker, or would take a place In rum- '
Ily to do sewing and light housework. Call or ad-
dress J. X., 1060 McAllister su .
GERMAN GIRL DIRKCTFROM GERMANY
\X wants situation .0 do general housework. Call
i or address 13 W How aye., off Larkin st., beu
i Eddy and Ellis.
ADY STEN GRAPHER (PITMAN sYS-
lem) possessing typewriter desires position or
I desk room in lawyer's office. Address S. a., box
I lb, Call Office, ■ . ,•
' OMAN WITH A CHILD DESIRES A SlTU-
ation 10 do general housework: good cook;
' dtj-.or country. Minna su
p EFINED AMI.!'.!! AN WIDOW" WOULD
It like position as housekeeper in lodging-house
or widower's family. Address w., box 76. Call.
V OUNG OlltL WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
X do general housework. Call at 221 Eleventh.
YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
Xdo upstairs work and sewing. Call at 221
Eleventh st. . -
YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION IN
X candy store or baker shop. Call or address
863 Bryant su
p ERMAN GIRL OF 17 WOULD LIKE A
I "-T place to take care of child or do light house-
! work: wage* $12. Apply 405 Lyon St.. cor. Hayes.
SITUATION BY KXPKRIENC-D COOK FOR
men on ranch, mining, sawmill or logging
camp; understands her business. Address C,
1121 Howard st.
r OUNG LADY, HIGHLY EDUCATED, RE-
. cemly from Spain, speaks 3 languages, desires
a housekeeper's position Room 1, 105 siocitton.
YOUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM THE EAST
X desires a position as typewriter. Room 14, 995
Mai st.
EFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE
any kind of sewing. Call afternoon, 144 Fifth
su, room 17, second floor.
yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X housework- and plain cookinz. Apply at 31
Twenty-eighth St., beu Guerrero and Dolores.
\\TANT_D— BY A COMPETENT, KXPERI-
tt enced young woman situation as restaurant
waitress or chambermaid. 225 Fourth au, room 10.
! YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X housekeeper or any other light work. Call or
address 116 Sixth St., room -.
L/IKST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD L.IKE
X work by the -day; lit guaranteed ; reasonable.
44 Sixth su, room 23.
rjiRAINED NURSE WISHES 'TO TRaVEL
X East with patient; remuneration, traveling ex-
penses. Address B. L., 1203 Castro st . Oakland.'
\\i ANTED— A YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A
tt place to assist in general housework; country
preferred. Please call at 5-0 Third st.
Wl.Nl-iiE.i. _H HOU&K. 44 THIRD ST. NX.
tt Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
lree bus ana baggage to and from the testy. .
r OUNG, KKKIM.D, COMPETENT CRKOLH.
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 .Market su, room 19, second floor.
\\r AN 1 ED— A YOUNG WOAIA.n WANTS
tt chamber work and waiting. Please call at SJO
Third su '. -
WANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
tt or companion, or both combined, by a thor-
oughly capable and accomplished young widow;
references exchanged. Address MRS. G. C.
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh su, New York
City.
RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHKS ' A
XV situation in a bakery: wages $10 per month.
Call 17 Third at;, room 22,1 1 to 12 o'clock. ; . '
yOUNG LADY FROM T*HE BAST WOULD
X like a situation as general housekeeper: city or
country. _ Apply 223 Post St., room 2.
"DEFINE"!/ WIDOW WOULD POSI-
Xli tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's laml y. Room 13, 1 Flftn st- „.,
L"»RENCU WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
X day; general housework and sewine at home,
e -c. Address or. fan M. HERTIN. 1712 DnponU
SITUATIONS WANTED-aiALE. , ;
DR. HAN^S^N _rcoTTi"IOG"EAR\-
'. nish on short notice men for ail kinds of farm,
dairy, orchard and vineyard work, mechanics and
skilled and unskilled labor of all kinds. Telephone
Grant 185. • . > . .
UNTEK _ CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office, 17 Webb su, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; te). main 23L.W.C YOUNG, mgr
CIUINKSJC AND' JAPANESE Rh-LIABLK
/help; tel. Main 1997. URADLK V 640 Clay.
CmiNESK. AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
/office; best help. 41 41 , 2 O'Farrell ;:teL k. 42S> '
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. • 314b Sinter su ; tel. Grant 30. -.-: ; > '
Sit D a tion wanted by middle-aged
O man. a position of some trust; Is sober and
reliable: tlrst class references: • security famished
if required ; is a good fireman and can run an en-
glne. Address R. C. G., box 60, Oil Office. •
DM OR AND WRITER, AN 1836 KEN-
tucky Republican, now In Utah, wants position
on the coast: married; experien>ed: with good
references. JO_L shoMAKKR, P. O. box 1656,
Salt Lake City, Utah. .. - • ;.
AN WITH GOOD REFERENCES WANTS
to cook for few men on ranch, or wilt take
charge of gentleman's property while ah -em; small
wages. Apply Cook, box 115, Call Office.
ARTENDER — A TEMPERA YOUNG
Xj man wants position as bartender: has fair ex-
perience; good reference. Address B. T., box 88.
Call Office. :
IDDLK-AOED >MAN WANTS ANY KIND
of work; is handy with tojla and ceneraliy
useful; references. Address Handy, box 88. Call.
TRO G UEKMAN BOY, 17 YEA OF AGE,
wishes any kind of work. 314 Eighth sU
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLK-AOED
Swede as coachman and gardener; flrs'.-class
milker: bandy with tools: .' can ; also run gasoline
engine. Address M. 8., box 87. Call Office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
GARDENER— A FIRST-CLASS GARDENER,
thoroughly understanding the propagating of
plants, also greenhouse work, wants position: pri-
vate place preferred; references. Address Gard-
ener, box 7, Call Office. - " - ' '
O PRACTICAL HOUSE-PAINTERS AND
-J paper-hangers, with tools, want work by the
aay or piecework for private parties: city or conn-
try. Painters, 272^_ Clementina St., rear.
GIRADUATKDAND EXPERIENCED PHAR-
VJ macist seeks position: relief work only : best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs,
box 108, Call Office. . •} ■ -■■-.■■ -
yOUNG MAN, 19, GOOD HORSEMAN.
X handy with tools, wishes employment: good
references. Please address &., box 86. Call Office.
uation WANTED BY reliable man
*--J as porter in wholesale or commission-house.
Address P. 8.. box 117, Call Office.
Situation, wanted as clerk in
O whole-ale or retail grocery, fruit or commission
house; first-class references. Address 679 East
Twelfth St., East Oakland. . - -. -
AN. MIDDLE AGED, OF GOOD ADDRESS,
with references, desires a situation as janitor;
clean offices, stores, etc Address R. J. H., 823
Hyde st.
L>Y TEMPERATE MAN OF 30; Al REFER-
*-» ence: practical painter and paper-hanger;
handy with tools; will work very cheap; city or
country; by day or job. Aad. O. X-, box 95, Call.
ANDY JAPANESE GARDENER WANTS
situation to take care of horses and cows: can
drive buggy and do all kinds of outside work:
reference. Address H. M. SUZUKUWA, 113
Church st.
POSITION AS SURVEYOR, ASSAYER AND
X bookkeeper for a mining company In Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address Surveyor, box
'25. Call ..tripe.
v^itu-tioa wanted fora first-class
yj carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
W INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
it Market— .Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 23c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
C COMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\-' engineer and machinist desires . position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market St., S. F., Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bos en ,\ baggage to an.l from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. •
\VT AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $18: WAIT.
tt ress, plain boarding-house, near city, $15;
second girl, country, $15. fare paid; woman on
ranch, $18: and otners. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Kmployment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
HOUSK WORK GURTrRO^S VALLEY, $25:
Burllngame, $25; San Mateo. $25; sacra-
-111 en to. $20, and other towns; 20 housework
girls, city, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist,
$10 to $16. Mis- CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, MIDDLE-
tt aged, $12, Llvermore. MISS CULLKN, 323
Gutter st.
"UroMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
TT LEN, 323 Sutler st.
\"KAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT WORK, $12.
-> MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
REFINE D NURSE. CHILD 4 YEARS OLD,
country, $15. MISS CULLKN, 323 gutter st.
Gekman, WORKING housk keeper, $20,
see party here. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sotter.
/ 'OLORED COOK, BERKELEY, $25. MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
GIRL t.R WOMAN TO WASH NAPKINS,
» towels,e[c.,sls,roo_,board,etc.: girl or woman
to wash dishes: woman cook, $7 a week: woman
cook. $35 and room: girl or woman to care for 1
child, $18, etc.; girl for Alvarado, 18; cook for
German family. $26: girl for Alameda. $20; girl
for Scott st , $4 a week: girl for Berkeley, $20,
call early: 2 housegirls. $16: 14 young girls. $8,
$10 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice families.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. ._
\\ AN T D— 2 PRO ANT LAUN-
tt dresses, private families, $20 and $26; Ger-
man or Scandinavian second girl, $20; nurse and
sewing, $15; 3 cooks, German style. *25 and $30;
ironer in laundry, $25; waitress, $20, and girls
for cooKing and housework in city and country.
J. F. OKOSETT _ CO., 316 Sutler St.
VI R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
It! first-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
WAITRESS. COUNTRY, $20. HOTEL GA-
TT ZETTE, 420 Kearny su .
\\T ANTKD— GERMAN NURSERY GOVERN-
" ess, $25: French nursery governess. $25;
waitress and parlormaid, *25; Protestant girls for
housework, $20; Protestant laundress, $25;
young girls for housework, $15 and $10. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. ■" .'. >-■;
OOK, BOARUING-HOUSE. COUNTRY, $30 j
and fare paid: waitress, country hotel, $18, '
and girls for housework. R. T. WARD <_ CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
(CHAMBERMAID. INSTITUTION, $20. SEE
\J lady here 11 o'clock: house-lrl, Oakland, $30; !
Ross V:i ley. $26; Alameda. *20s 4 houseeirls. !
city, $20 to $-5. MRS. NORTON. 316 Sutler ■-
A YOUNG COOKS, MUST UNDERSTAND
tt German cooking and housework, $25: mother
and daughter or two friends, cooking and second
work, Bakersfleld. $25 and $16; 8 girls for general
housework, *20 and $16; 10 young girls to assist, !
$10 and $12. German ■ Employment Office, 306
Mason st.
"\~OUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
X work; German or Swedish; $10 to $12. 603
Geary st.
GOLDEN GATE HALL TO-NIGHT; SPIRIT
messages from your loved ones by the gifted
young medium, Maude L. Freltag: choice violin
and vocal selections; dancing; admission 10c
AN OPPORTUNITY FOR GOOD WOM A * TO
learn our business: rapid promotion. Address
R. N.. box 109. tills office.
GIRL UNDER 25: LIGHT HOUSEWORK: $8
per month; 1 In family. EDW.. box 16, Call.
O.MI'iOIENT GIRL AS COOK AND LACS-
\J dress; German or Swedish. - 1710 Geary st.
YV ANTED- GIRL TO DO LIGHT
tt housework; wages $10. 823 Hayes st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1726
O'Farrtll st.
\% ANTi-.D— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
tt housework at 119 » app si. : wages $15.
\\r AITRESS WANTED. APPLY 605 BTOCK-
" ton st. •
IKL TO MIND CHILDREN. 927 FOLSOM
street. . . • ■,
TC^XPERIKNCED IRONERS AND GIRL
X _ j-.lectric Laundry.
GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK AND
children. 1001 McAllister st. . ;. :■•-,•
WAN ED —AN EXPERIENCED PlANO-
player who is a good vocalist to co to Arizona.
Apply to-day bet. 1 and 4 p. M. at 107 Scott st.
GIRL V* ANTED TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
work. Apply bet. 9 and 12 at 21 14 Green su
GIRLS FOR FANCYIvORK AND TRIMMING
VIT on corsets. 1388 Market st.
"VTEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
Xi McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket st.
AIK-DKKSSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell st., 105 9th.
AIR DRESSING, 250 AND Sso: MORNING
and eve classes; 10leg—tns,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
1/iLVNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iTX Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market:
£00 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per nleht; $1 60 to $8
J^rw___j— ■«» 'bus and haggß?«- 10 and front lirn-.
. MALE HELP WANTED.
MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisins, work In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $.0 to $23 per month and found;
this job is for a large banking syndicate: 3 months'
Job; call at once; fares and fees reduced. MUR-
RAY <fe READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. . . .
pOOK AND WIFE, MAN As COOK. $40,
\J wife as waitress, $18. same country hotel; 6
cooks. $40. $50, $30 and $-0; 6 waiters, $25 and I
$90; 10 drillers; 16 farmers. $.0; 10 teamsters.
$-0 and $26; 20 tiemakers, 8c each: blacksmith:
hay balers, 18c ton. MURRAY <fc READY. Lead-
lug 1 mployjrnent Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ft FARMERS i-OR AN ORCHARD, $20 AND
\J found; 3 Scandinavian or German farmers for
a fruit raich, $_t> and found; middle-aged German
for a private place. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary at.
0 FIRST-CLASS WAITERS WITH DRESS
*J suits for country hotel, $30; co»k for private
boarding-house, $50;. mangier for hotel laundry,
jf^u ana found; ironer on Tyler machine, country
i* 11 , 1 , u\S 35: Pantryman, restaurant, city, $30.
C.R. HANSEN CO., 110 Geary st. ::
W A i NT . D ~ 5 MINKRB, GOOD STEADY JOB
•' al winter. $52 per month: 10 men to pick
grapes. (5c per day and board, fare paid oneway,
Jirst-cia-s place: 20 more men and strong boys to
pull beans, 7oc per day and board, fare $I ; 2 boys I
Tor factory. $3 per week and Increase; butter- I
maker, $30: also farmhands, milkers cooks, waU-
f, r -»-"a dishwashers, at :W. D. EWER <_ CO.'S,
6.0 Clay st. "^HsttH_Sßß>— MHWIHWt
VV ANTED — BUTCHER FOR. COUNTRY,
" youtl ? man; 10 grape-pickers, $1 25 ton; ox-
teamster, $60 and found; farmers, $15 and $20;
harncss.maker,.sB v week and room; waiter for '
institution, $^oand found: ins de servant, private I
lamny, $20: oysterman. $30: neat , young man to '
Wo . rk _, In _ dining-room,- $20. Apply to J. F. CRO- !
bKIT _ 10., 628 Sacramento St. , .
W A . : i 'WAITER FOR RESTAURANT, I
' » "40: young man to open oystern, $30: second
cook, plain ho el. $20 to $-5; man to take care of
norse and dr.ve wagon, $15 and found; butler for
small family, $30. etc. LEON ANDRE. 315
Stockton st. ' .
\I AN >OR PRIVATE PLACE WITH REF-
-'— erences. $25, etc.; " young man who can paint
■ orne = young man for general work In small hotel-
Z. e . oo^L. BhoemakerB ! " boy 10 learn sign painting;
MARTIN'S, 749 Markeiat.
"I 0 GRAPE-PICKERS; 2 MONTHS' WORK:
'"}! '6 a ton. ■ R. T. WARD & Co.. 608 and
610 Clay su --. . -
AN AND WIFE; CHARGE OF BOARDING-
house; $40. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler.
BUTLER; $30; REFERENCES. MISS CUL- •
LEN, 323 Sutter st. , .
U°V OR MIDDLE-AGED MAN; S ALL
NIXUH 68 " Sl tver aye., near Mission road; CCN-
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
p ENTLEMAN WANTS IMMEDIATELY a
VJT boy, one without a<_ome preferred, as valet,
under 18, to travel with him for board, clothing
and expenses. Apply, with inclosed , stamp for
answer, stating year and month born In, R., box
57. Call. ' ■
AN AND WIFE WANTED, HERMAN PRE-
ferred, to take charge of small piece of prop-
erty in center of city; must be handy with tools;
compensation, rent free. For particulars call at
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
A NTED— EXPERI KNCED DRIVER FOB
' 1 milk route in San Francisco: good wages paid
to first-class man about 30 years of age with city
references. Address, stating former experience,
etc., B. L., box 130, Call. __^
N A RANCH— YOUNG MAN WHO CAN DO
a little plain cooking, raise chickens, etc.;
steady employment, but low wages: none others
need apply. .Mills building, fifth floor, room 35.
RIGHT, INTELLIGENT BOY FROM 14 TO
16 is wanted in prominent store; boys holding
certificates in United States Industrial Agency
are eligible. Room 166, Crocker Building.
O TRAVELING .SALESMAN 'I O SKLL OAK-
— riage hardware. Address D., box 43, Call office.
\f AN TO WORK IN SALOON. 2340 MASON
i>- street. , . _^
JEWELERS WANTED. 328 BUSH ST.,
O room 4.
ANTED — A PANTRYMAN AT COFFEE
JOHN'S, 9 Stockton st. _
yiiSß MAN OF GOOD APPEARANCE AS
-i- dishwasher at lunch place. 7 Ninth st.
SEAMAN, 2 ORDINARIES AND COOK FOR
k_) German bark. 10 Steuart, upstairs: apply early.
\\T ANTED-CHIEF CO 'X FOR RKSTAU-
" rant. 717 Howard st. ■
OTRONGBOY TO LEARN THECARPENTER
0 trade. Apply at 6P. if., 443 Third st.
1 tOOD WAITER WANTED. 651 6ACKA-
'J mentost.: call 5:20.
A -TED— HOUSE-PAINTER FOR OUT>
side: 1- :30 to-day. California and Lagnna.
ARBER-SHOP «60.|2 CHAIRS: OTHER BUS-
XJ lness; living-rooms; low rent. ■ 724 Octavia st.
]7<IRST-CLASS SHAVING PAUL R; REAS-
X on able; Allocation. App y Call Office.
JOURNEYMEN BARBKRS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. 3. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
ARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75:
U rent, Including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
© 7 Pi SALOON— COMPLETELY FIXKD UP;
<jp I «■>. living-rooms: Third st. Inquire 235 Third.
TEAKS, CHOPS, ETC.; 6 DISHKS FOR 6 i
O cents. 635 Clay St.. Big Yellow Front.
ARTISTS AND ART-WORKERS OF EITHER |
-fV sex. in every branch of art. whether profes-
sional or amateur, and lrresi ective of distance or
locality, are invited to apply tor free illustrated
prospectus of the forthcoming Art Exhibition to
be held throughout December in the magnificent
exhibition hulls of the International Art Exhibi-
tlon. Grand Central Palace, New York City.
T\r ANTKD-AN INDUSTRIOUS .MAN AS
tt partner with $200 in best-paying cash busi-
ness in the country: no liquor: will clear $60 each
by doing our own work. 1107 Folsom at.
\\J ANTED — SALESMAN~CIGAR AND TO-
■ »» . bacco line for grocery trade, to speak German.
Address, with references, box G. 14. Call Office.
DETAIL WALL-PAPER SALESMAN WHO
XX, understands the business thoroughly. W. W.,
box 20. Call. '
EXPERIENCED CUTTER ON CORSET&
1388 Market st.
WANTED— CITY SALESMAN FOR WINkS
" and liquors: one who has a good family trade
preferred. Address W., box 5, Call.
WANTED — EXPERIENCED SALESMEN
for our men's clothing department. RA-
PHAELS. . . . . .
OA BUGLERS FOR A BUGLE BAND; NOT
-" necessary to be first-class. Address 8., box
19, Call Office.
TIT ANTED-AN IDEA: WHO CANTHINKOF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
\»r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
tt Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 6 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions 10 become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recral Ing Office. 20 Ellis sU. San Francisco, CaL
COMPETENT MAN, CAPABLE OF MANAG-
KJ Ing a large business; must be well recom-
mended and have $1000 cash. MYERS & GRA-
HAM, 777 Market st. ;
STEADY RELIABLE .MAN AS PARTNER IN
0 butchery to deliver orders and collect; $75
required. 632 Market st., room 8.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE. 766 MISSION BET.
-i.> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 to $2 50 ;readlng- room strictest atlen-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
\\r ANTED- MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
tt trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber school. 1615 Howard.
\ArAIsTED— 50 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS:
Tt $1 wee-. 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel : branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Flnck's.S.F-
ROOMs 16c lv 76c Ph.R NIGHT: 600 TO »1 50
per week. Oriental. 226 Drumm at.
CILOMINO OUT NKW AND SECOND-HAND
) shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st.
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
Xj on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewea
shoes. $6. 726yja Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
rpRY ACME HOUSE, 967 MARKET* ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUSSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' ats. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c eight.
8.-RE-OVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
» Clay; bottle wine or beer with- hot lunch. 5c
"I I \(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, lie
X\'\J and 20c a night. including co_e« and roil*
624 Washington su. near Kearny. ■
WANTED— —ABOREKS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Kolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su: 160
large rooms: 25c per right; $1 to $3 per wees.
BKsr IN CITY--SINOI E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1. $1 25. Cl 60 per we**.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff gts.
\\T ANTED-BINULK ROOMS. 150 A DAY: $1 \
tt -«elc; rooms for two. 26c a day, $1 60* wee_;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
Ml--N '1O FKEIi -UA;NUAiIA.\ aiUU_ -OOD;
all grocers keep It. ■
\\[ ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
TT era— clerks. KN OX Collection Agcy. 110 Sinter
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» shoes up to 12 o'clock every night ; those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nlKht while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c: men's
soling, 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth ' their value, from "25c up to
$2 60. 662 Mission St., hPt. First and Second.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED, A PARTNER— FIRST-CLASS
tt restaurant; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced; this is more essential than
capital. Write A., box 60. Call office.
. AGENTS WANTED. '
ANTED— AGENT TO SELL THE ANCHOR
electric belt; best In market: big inducement
for live agent to sell in every town and city on the
coast. Send for circular, inclose stamp, S. C.
BERN, room 7. 1032 Market St., S. F. .
GENTS FUR . SEKD'S : WATER-FILTERS;
they fit any faucet, are durable, cheap and sell
on sight: $150 will start you. 719 Market, near
Third.
\\r ANTED— AGENT IN EVERY TOWN; SAL-
tt ary, no peddling. P. O. box 110, Oakland, Cal."
ACTIVE, ENERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN
to earn from $3 to $6 a day. Rear office, 630 i
Market st. - '. !
pANVASSKRS WITH BRAINS AND ABIU I
VJ Ity: 11 to 12. H. CLARK. 625 Mission st.
OENTb; BIG MONEY; LATKST PKOPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Butter st. -
pHILLS AND FKVER CURED IN HALf A
\J day . without quinine: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. A. CIIARLTON. Kelsey vllle. Cal. ..
GENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS j
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-. |
chief of the United Slates army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of terr tory.
P. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
TfIE.WHITAKER — RAY CO.. 723 Market sU
■' ' HOUSES WANTED. ■' ~~'
aTTantew^^cottage^^r "flat OR~6
'T rooms, rear yard. C. C . box 148. Call Office.
. -  _ V . ] PP. AR .P_ I _ : y G WANTED. :. ._ J
\4r ANTED— BY YOUNG UIRL, PRIVATE
»' family to board with: • will pay par cash and
assist in the house. Address K. W.. box 109, Call.
. V . property wanted.
Wantkd^^Tall^improved farm
within 60 miles of San Francisco. Room 615,
Safe Deposit building, S. F. . ' :- . ; , ■ j
I ANTED— CHEAP FOR CASH, SMALL IM-
-1 roved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
CaU Office. ■•■■■-■ - . - - ..
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
TirANTED^roLD" T V KNTRILOQ UIAL
t t figure: state price. S. W. C. box 2. this office.
GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 1133^ Jilsslon.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLE IN, 109 - Sixth st. ; send postal.
S9 chances.
«900 THE BIGGEST SNAP ONJBARTH;
>lr y~ saloon In tine location; must be sold at
once; fixtures worth double the money; good busi-
ness. T. LUBELSKI, 7, City Hall aye.
$2000 P / RTN »SR WELL ESTABLISH-
*"i. •;_* d ' pa n 8 "very business; tine lo-
cality, with cheap rent, and any one wishing to
engage in a business of this kind It will pay to In-
vestlgate. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft 7 oo ° NX OP -7. HJS FINKS RESTAU-
•IP lUV7. rants iv city, 00 1 ' location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years- has
always made money; stand full Investigation;
reason for sailing, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on Investigation all that Is claimed for it.-
this is a rare chance. T. HJBELSKI. 7 city Hall ay!
CO l\(\(\ partner in WELL-ESTAB-
&IUUU. llshed office business: the only ob-
ject In taking partner is to extend the business-
Invest! pa lon will show this to be rare chance- a
fine 1 pportunity for energetic man. T. LUBe'l-
SKI. 7 lity.Hall aye. -u___r
I HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
in Alameda to trade for city property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LU_ ELSKI, '4 City
Hall aye.
Qj/inrt STATIONERY-STORE ON MARKET
tip _v\J m st. : low rent: well established 3 icrlfice •
other business cause of stle; a good thing. See
MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market St.
JU-T THE BU.-INESS U WANT TO BUY
for just the price U ant to pay all branches.
MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st. >
(TO I A(\(\ FINE RESTAURANT: AND
<u)XTrV/U. oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 daily; a fortune for some
one; thorough 'investigation invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect sac-
rifice. See MYERS <fc GRAHAM, 777 Market aU
ffljocn SACRIt ICE — SALOON, 3 ROOMS,
«IPOUI-'. kitchen; well furnished; fine stock and
fixtures; best accommodations: receipts $15 to $20
dally. MYERS & 1 AHAM, 777 Market st.
<£•'_>/ |A RESTAURANT -AND BAR: CITY
«]rO''U. front: fine chance for rushing business:
death cause of selling; best chance in the city for
an enterprising man. MYERS <_ GRAHAM, 777
Market st. '
IGHKST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nished restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery-
stores. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
ffiji Or STEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PART-
"tIPX_;U. ner as cashier; res'aurant: advertiser
good cook. STENBERG Co., 632 Market st.
CJJQ/lfl HALF INTEREST IN A CORNER
f\pO\J\J. saloon; city frbnt; prefers partner to
hired help. STENBERG CO., 63- Market st.
OjJIAAA RESTAURANT AND SALOON; 26
«USXUUv/. furnished rooms; will sell or ex-
change for property. STENBEKG C 0.,632 Market.
Q1 HO STATIONERY AND BRANCH BAK-
<fisX\/V/. cry: good location: 2 rooms in rear.
STENBERG CO.. 632 Market st.
ffl» n STEADY, RELIABLE MAN AS PART-
«IP I O. ner in show-card and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect; 1 splendid chance to learn
good trade. STENBERQ CO., 632 Market st.
d* 1 7hft CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
<p_ I \J\J. choicest location: Western Addition;
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala; fullest investl-
gation given. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
ffl?r.AA RESTAURANT ON KEARNY ST.;
npo^'V. actual value $1200; rent $50; owner
called East on account of sickness. WILKE, 531
California sU ,
flt'V^OO PARTNER IN old ESTABLISH-
<JJ7_,UUV. Ed and good-paying barroom: only
first-class trade: straight bit house; rare chance
for the right man. WILKE <fc WOLF. 531 Cal. St.
ft^OO cnR!fEB GROCERY AND BAR;
*ipV\J\J. living-rooms: rant $30; doin« good
business; choice location. WILKE <_ WOLF. 531
California si.
TT NTION! BARGAINS TO-DAY BY W.
F. HEALY. 23 Kearny — Hotel. 34 rooms,
newly furnished, across the bay, commanding a
beautiful marine view, first-class in all depart-
ments, offer wanted: partner in a business clear-
Ing $120 rer. month, $200. trial given to party de-
siring to purchase; I have saloons, groceries and
bar and all kinds of business opportunities for sale.
<jj* QfM 1 PARTNER WANT-D IN LIQUOR
<po\/Vf. saloon; vicinity Palace Hotel: owner
guarantees $65 per month to partner. HEALY
-'3 Kearny sU
<% JfM I MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEGE-
t$)i\J\J. table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands in town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up; trade averages $20 per day; strictly
cash; if you want a nice paying investment; see
this. GEO. STEWART, 602 [Market st.
©QP.A COFFEE-SALOON, BAR AND
tjpOOXJ. lunch-house, best location In this City
for that line of business; niceiv fitted up; tine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 per day
cheap at $500. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
ESTAURANT-BEST LOCATION BUSl-
ness center: guaranteed paying business* full-
est investigation allowed: trial given if desired;
leaving town: account sickness. PROLL & CO..
719 Market at. , ■■ .
CJM^O BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE: PROMI-
W~ -'»-'« nent Market-street corner; excellent
.business: owner six year": no nightlor Sunday
work. PRO LL & CO., 719 Market st.
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 98 rooms; ~ also ground-floor and well-
liKh.ed .basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market si. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
•fc-mporiuni building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. BILV— RBERU, 320
t-ansome St., room 39.
FOR SALE— ONE OF .THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a fine day and nl_ht trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
0» 1 Aft CIGAR-STAND: NORTH MA t:KET;
«D 1 yj\f. rent $15; snap. SKIFF. 921 Market su
ajQA|| PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR.
<ipU\J\J. San Francisco: bakes 1% barrels;
high-class trade; 5 living-rooms; stable; rent $20-
-trial given. SKIFF. 921 Market st.
NERGI- TIC MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL;
X-i investigation will prove this to be the best pay-
ing business ever offered In San Francisco for a
few hundred dollars: only propositions with cash
entertained. CaU 10 to 12 _. m., 927 Market st.,
room 2^2.
BARGAIN: $400; BRANCH BAKERY,
candy, notions, laundry, stamp agency, etc.;
5 rooms ___ bath: rent $15; established over 6
years, well paving business; only cause of selling;,
sic- ness. 2424 Market st. __^
ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKE GEN-
tleman partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished paying business; will furnish equal amount
of money; capital required $1500. X., box 15,
Call Office. ' .
C_QP:n CORNER GROCERY AND BAR: A
•■JPOUv/. few blocks from Market st. ; doing a
fair business: splendid location; Investigate this
chance. Address M. E.,'box 93. this office. ■. .
DEED'S WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST:
O they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap:
25c and 50c: sent by mail on receipt of price. 719
Market st.. near Third.
On A GROCERY AND BAR: PROMI-
O\J\J. nent corner on good street; 3 rooms:
good business; best reasons for selling. Apply 917
Market St., room 2.
"PARTNER WANTED— OLD- ED
X contracting business: pays from $100 to $150
each; must be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25, Call Office.
/"1 OOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
vT man In rapidly growing neighborhood, corner
Third aye. and Clement st., with 4 rooms; Sutro !
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, lOi. California st |
QQOr PARTNER WANTED IN A FIRST- I
♦4*l _. — class butcher-shop north of Market st. ;
positively well paying; fine ho se and cart; nice
fixtures. M. LESS <fc CO., 783y_ Market st.
C_cr» NEW INVENTION FOR SALE; AU-
tJp«J\J. tomatic safety gascock attachment: uni-
versally needed: no money to Introduce it. S.
FOWLER. 276 Tehama st. - ■
p OOD PAYING FAMILY WINE AND LIQUOR
\JT store: established 10 years; rent cheap; sold
account of too much other business. For particu-
lars apply 20 Laf-vette st. - '
\\T ANTED— TO LEASE OR RENT, KITCHEN
» » and store in an uptown department house, or
lower flat with store; well lighted. Address S. C,
box 82. Call Office.
TT>OR SALE— CANDY FACTORY AND ICE-
.X 1 cream-store: rare opportunity; established |
business: or will exchange for real estate, s., box
21, Call Office. ■ . . .
<jr» 1 »;AA RESTAURANT: ESTABLISHED
tJpX—iUU. 15 years; a pick-up; doing a good
business: make offer; Investigation given. Apply
29 sixth st. _________*'" !
VAT ANTED— SMART.' RELIABLE- MAN TO
YT take an Interest In a good .paying business-
small capital • required. Address Reliable, box 4
Call. '' . '
ABE CHANCr. 1 OR A GROCKRYMAN TO
XV purchase a sunny NE. cor: investment pays
10 per cent. PATTERSON „ CO.. 2 Valencia st.
<B>SK AVERAGE WEKKLY NET "INCOME
«Jt><~U $250 invested: safe, conservative; prospect
tns. proots, free. . F. DALY. 1293 Broadway, N.y.
4 T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. * OWAN BUYs"
£. stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise-
sells on commission. Room • 15. 25 Montgomery!
Tj-'OR SALE— RESTAURANT. DOING A BIJsl.
t ness of $20 to $25 per day: must be sotd on _>
conntof sickness. Apply at 6 Golden Gate aye.
TF YOU Want TO buy OR sell a res- i
X tanrant. saloon or any kind of business «^
UNDERWOOD _ CO.. 765 Market st
A LOON — $400; RARE OPPORTUNITY- 1
O must sell, as my oth*r buslnesVdemands mv
entire attention. Apply 209 Kills st. uen *- nas my
RANCH BAKERY, LAUNDRY OFFICk'
Addre^H-^or^^^g *« P» of X.
TJAKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY . NOTION,
Buchanan ' " V ' ng ' room 8: chea P- 1307
VKWSPAPERKUUTK-IN INTERIOR CITY'
/^KNTLEMAN PARTNER ; WITH SMALr"
IJ capital wanted by im-. w ._ M Howlrt. roo^u ii
C\ HE W 1) " I8 PHCDUCK STORK BAK*-r"y"
\J and laundry office. Apply Call Offl-Cfp*'^
G. O(J '. OLD-ESTABLISHED DOWNTOWV
VJ restaurant for sale. 706 Howard at
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; LIVING-
KJ rooms: good location: D $ 2 Si,? Ma^kef sL"
<fit'-i(jO BARGAIN; SALOON; TRANSFER
«3)OUU. place; fine stock llquori 805 Howard
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ALOON7~LON« LEASK: LOW EKNT. AP-
ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and t-lorida.
AI V AND PRODUCE MUM NESS; 4 LIV-
Ing-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
KRCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
bought by J. C. MUTHER. 63- Market, rm. a.
/I ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
Vjr lady of some means. 1 Fifth st.. room 12. t
ELL-PAYING. HAND .- LAUNDRY FOB
sal-; m»-.st be sold at once. 109 Hayes St. <
"DALACE SHOE STOKE FOR SALE; BAR-
X gain. Address E. & AMES, Ukiah, Cal.
ATKWLY FITTEi)-UP LIQUOR SI ORE FOR
i.\ sale. 73-' Dcv sadero st , cor. Fulton.
ADY DESIRES A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
XJ $35 capital. 12 Mason St., room 2. -
OUTE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN^
XV quire at Call Office. ■
INK SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP. apply
1342 Market st.
_O.DGING-HOTISES FOX SAKE.
•OO^O^M^n5o7TN_rR~HoFsE: NEVV...S 450
--—90 rooms: guaranteed to clear over 60.. 3700
18-room house on Six h at....: — 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. D-CKKR _ CO., 1020 Market
st. opposite ruth. - ■ - - '
( )(\ ROOMS— FINE LOCATION, CHE\P
-<" rent; price $600. H. C. DECKER, IQ-OMkt.
Q£*-RO()M HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
<jyj kind of real estate- DECKER. 1020 Market.
I ("-ROOM HOUSE: 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
i V> only $450; must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market.
"J A-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE; X
-LV bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market 8U
99 NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
~| 16 rooms: clear'ng ~. 250
28 rooms: making money _ 475
ISO rooms; clearing $500...... 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 ' 300
UNDERWOOD CO- 765 Market st.
F^?r?, ISH D HOUSES:" 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
X $300 to $lO.Ouo. PHELPS& i a, 917 Laruin-
-1 4 wtlji URNISHED ROOMS; LOW RENT;
X_ clears $60. Apply call Office.
SI 50 7 : ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
1 x * J^« st., corner ot fifth.
rfia?^l T eg R 2 E l4 O S S" 8 u ROOfllS FOX SAL^
V4.-KOOM LODUIM,-HOUSE: CHEAP ON
-•* account of sickness. R. box 15 Call Offlce.
~. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"tTur^Tsal-T ~^ ~%~n^^^ —^~^_»^^«
posed^ 63 l "™ 1 * m B °° <la *™ com « >le^ dls.
Oak bed sets .tit...... .. aisin
Bedlounges ..".....!..... Bja
f, tove .*.:."."*.:::::: 75S
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard.,,,,,. " 55
Matting, per yard [./, "."."."."", m
Till our new building Is erected these prices wilt
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SB. corner beventh aiiU Mission sts. J.
NOON AN.
A CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS. $TiT
stoves, $5: parlor sets. 820: foldins-beds.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOtt
lowest prices on household goods, new or goo 4
new: cash or time, opr-n evenings. ■
FURNITURE WANTED. "™~~
(USH PAID FOR " TIRE HOUSES OR
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
FFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
price* for second-hand office desks or taka
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
rpO SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
1 M. SILVERBT-1N.969 Howard st. ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM FUR.MTURE CO PAYS
highest price for furniture! carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD. -211 Larkln.
N DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M,
J. SIMMONS' ABC. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
-_-_-_---_________ __
CARPET CI,E.A_*LNG.
TdVANCe" CARiPE^~C^EANII?G~Co!r^O3
■--Sutter, tel. Main 394. S. S. FERGUSON,
ONES _ CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 106 L •
c a YARD at GREAT western CARPJKT
C.'eanlng Works. 11 Eighth st.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. : BUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198th st.
\ V HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPA ULDI NG'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st ; tel. So. 40.
CON KLIN'S CARPET -EATING WORKS. Hi
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
> Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL bouth '250.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like sew. FERGUSON _ CO. -3 Tenth: taU
South a- P. MACKINTOSH-CO., enccessors.
~l _. MITCH—-— UABi'Jil 1 CX_; AJS IJVO CO.. Jilt
tl . 14th m. -.cleaning 3c » vnrri Tel MlMloh 71
————————. ___
EDI] CATION AX.
isTß6l7r^ ; slsclio7juT*9TsTc^A^rE^To
-'-L su: board; English, French, German, piano:
30 month; coach.
CADEMY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY
and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 6
and 12 weeks; terms, reasonable. PROFESSOR
ASTROLOGY, 916 Market, room 26.
ME. MELVILLE SNYDKR, 715 POST ST.;
v oal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, 8 f. _.; $1.
PUPILS WANTED IN ENGLISH, LATIN
and mathematics; literature a specialty. MISS
ROULSTON, 724 O'Farrell st.
NGLIBH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. MISS FAOEN, 427 S_tter st.
"Ij'RENCH LESSONS, PARISIAN ACCENT,
X $2 month: also singing and piano taught. 109
Taylor st. , room 7. : ■■  '.
PANISH,FRENCH,ETC.;Prof.DEFILIPPE'3
O Academy of Languages,32o Post st :estab'd 1871
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery St.; individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.-
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market st expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and night.
LMA K. HYER, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
Jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKI'NG, WIUTJiu, ARITHMTC, OR A MR."'
day _ night : noclasaes -. $5 month. 845 Missioq
RO*\ LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN*
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll!
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,Blnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14. 100- Pollc
R. & M RS. KOL N LER, TEACHERS MAX
dolln. guitar, banjo. 935 Market at.. opp. Masoa
i.ELASCO's LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
!-> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING ME.'
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture*
assay: estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN. 728Mkt.
ROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin guitar, mandolin, l.acio. 1707 Market.
W£PjS* CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
Jlr-5' 7r HE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
Hi the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
postage free. i . '
-OST. ~
AST FRIDAY, SEPT. 11-2 ACCOUNT-
books. Please return to 1325 Mission st. and
receive reward. , ~~
OST— SEPTEMBER 15. VELVET CAPE"
bet. seventh and Montgomery sts. Please re^
turn to 1093 Howard st.
OETTER DUG. WITH 1 BLACK EAR, AND
0 slightly ticked head and body. Return to 418
Day st. ; reward. . - ■
1 OST-SMALL PET MONKEY: LIBERAL
XJ reward. Alpha House, 5 Market St.
T OST-ON SEPTJ-.MBER 15, BETWEEN SAC-
X- ramento, Broderick. California and Stelner
sts., an open-faced silver watch engraved A. T
T.: also silver link chain. Return to 2510 Jack-
son St., and receive reward.
LOST— LARGE . YELLOW" SHORT-HAIRED
■i dog. Return to 1168 Bryant st" re^rdT
FOUND.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
a »yicTTF^E^^mv"6T«nrLTw^~r^p_ct^
: i_w«ni^ ! p "Y <> charge unless successful; all
JX '£ ' lal a '. collectloas, wills, deeds, etc, m-
tended to. U. W. HuWE, att'yat-law. 85OMarkB_
N U A S., - FLu D. LAWYER, 536 PARROTT
-^ building; consultations free; moderate fees.
I XriNGORE MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
j -— law, room ,431 Parrott building (Emporium).
1 ADVICFFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
I xx cessful. W. W. Davidson-, 927 Market st.
i W X*. ARAM. A TT'Y- A 1-iTa W. 581 PARitOTT
'' .bldg. Practices in nil courts :clinrgps moderate
PROPOSALS. .-- :
"PROPOSALS— bTdTTw I RECEIVED AT
X tho olllce of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing o the Precinct Registers to be
used at the election to be held November 3, 1896
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14, 1896. .
; All bids will be 'opened at a' meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 21st da-
I of September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. sc. "
1 Each bid must be accompuiied by a certified
check, paynbie 10 the order 01 the chairman 01 the
Board of l- lection Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5000). ■
W. M. HINT > . Hegistrar of Voters.
TO LEASE. ~~ ~ '
FOR RKNT OK LE^SK^MrvXRA^-OT^sS"
X cor. Polk and Jackson sts.; rent $50 nTr
month. Address J. S . 427 Sansome nt.. sT F.
C TYPEWRITERS.
CA. IGRAPH. $16: REMIN^iTON7S^SrSCOTT
V^ &BANN AN, 333 Montgomery su &^TTHOUSESJTO LET.
no\'-NTRY HOME lit TBS HEART OF TSUt
V^city: no wind or fog; '"mate unsurpassed;
Z.SJI BUnny cor " er house of 10 rooms large
?it !I' "°*l ue Brouno. stable, etc : b^st view or
city and hay to be had in ** an * ram isco: will rent 4
with or witnout carpets: rent very reasonable 10
gooa tenant. SW. comer of BuenaWsa aye and
South Broderick si.
$&')() , HOt7SE ! 6 ROOMS AND BATH; 2 SE-
iT*" i-* len * pUce « oft C-lHornia «t.. below Stock-
gomery's J t. Wllll UK °" H " BaI ' HINOH-. * 16 Mont-,
&]{) V""' AH HOUSK: 5 LOOMS AND CE .
Third * Inquire 724 Howard St., near
8 «°« M 8: BATH. 17 HAMPTON PLACE,
v off Folsom St.. bet. Second ana Third.:
Srt*/^ HOUSE: 6 KuOMS, BATH, BASE-
Nf —O . men t and yard. 621 Page st.
CONVENIENT HOUSK 8 ROOMS: $28: NICE
I location. 1319 Webster st., near O'Farrell.
OUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH, JrINE MARINE
view. $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
.1 QHU SUiTER — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
X-VJ\JU rms.; bath: fine garden; rent reasonable.
<$9A 2814 LAGUNA IST.: HOUSE 6 BOOMS.
i&AVJ. $14—1831 Union st. ; house 4 rooms.
HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COB.
/ California and Lagona sis. Go see it. ' > •.--.■■-
OUSKS TO KKNT~FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN .-HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery su
COTTAGES TO LET.
c uxny modebTTcottage. 6"boomTand
*^ oath; large flower garden and cellar. 818 Grove.
SUNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 6 ROOMS. BATH,
basement, stable. Aileea aye., oft 15th tn., nr.
Dolores.
VK9_l FISSION-SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
—"■-^"^J roomsana bath; yard: flower garden; $18.
13KDUCED ALL THOSE NICK HOUSES OS
J-*. Geary. Sntter. Franlr'in and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. »PEcK A CO., 602
Market st. • ■_ . . -
FLATS TO LET.
©7 UPPPR FLAT 4 BOOMS, YARD.WATEB.
*u> « » 1111 Elm aye., bet. Scott and Pierce sis.
rpWO LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WASUKOOM,
X large yard; for housekeeping. 23 Kls ' n Park.
LAT 3 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH. 505 JONES
X street.
9 ELEgX'ntVi.ATS NEAR HALL; «
— and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove st.
Si 4- CHOICE SUNNY 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
<IP-1 j:. Broadway. .
A PPRECIATKDIFSEEN; CHOICE SUNNY
■f 1 corner: 6 big rooms: bath: $20; water lree.
Apply Drug store. 1722 Howard st., near 13th.
IF YOU WANT a NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
X. cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
W' ANTED— 20« GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market at.
"L"iLATS TO ttK.NT FoR VKRY LITTLE
-L money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
&9AA TURK. rkak — BCNNY, UPPLB
\J flat; ail light looms: rent $12.
LOVELY, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
iree. 4073 Twenty-third st., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till inrther notice. -
91 '_> SEVENTH, NR. HOWARD — UPPER
— L O flat, of 4 snncy rooms and bath.
fllji X SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT 4 ROOMS,
<IPXO. bath and yard. 10 Shot well, near 1 4 th. .
T OWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LARGE
AJ rooms: yard. hO -loss St., between Sixth and
seventh, off Howard. .-:>*■■*> }'■
Cji 7 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
*_ X I . Nineteenth st., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars: apply lower flat»*
SUNNY CORNER FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
rent reasonable. 333 Halght and 730 Devisa-
dero sts. . -
Q|l A UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS, HALL AND
<PJLI/. double papers. 160634 Stevenson nr. 18th
©]7 NEW MODE UN BAY-WINDOW FLAT i
V X I . 5 rms: bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom,nr.sth.
I OWER SUNNY CORNER FLAT: 8 BOOMS;
XJ bath; laundry: low rent. 1800 O'Farrell st.
l&A. FOLSOM feT. ; CIS FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
I OtT and bath. Sib: 786. 4 rooms and bath, $15.
'->97 CLEMENTINA ST.; COZY FLATS OF _
«J— « rooms: reduced to $12.
I 1 •_' 1 MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH -8
X*JX.*J-4 large sunny -papered rooms; bath;
laundry. . r • *>>••
') AND 4 BOOMS; SUNNY FLATs; BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
IT<RENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS; BATH AND STA-
X. Uonary wasntubs. Twenty-third and Guerrero:
OUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
»- cheap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison sL
<3«7 UPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER,
'IP » ■ 1111 Elm lire., bet. Scott and Pierce sts.
4<j£ic2 »L'.v.\v jiUUAlci. 830 GREENWICH
st., near Stockton. ...
7 OWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE.
J-> off Pine st., near Mason no car fare: $12.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THS
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
Vnitt-d States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
»se free. , - •
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
_hi»"Stpeetr~ V^' ~
aOQ ELLIS, COB. LARKIN— BAY-" INDOW,
KJOU alcove, folding-bed; gas, bath. i. .- - t
I Jlili Street.
m FIFTH— PLK AS ANT SUNNY UNFUB-
nished targe front room to let.
y] A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
Oit room and kitchen: yard: private; $11.
First Street.
•DINCON HILL— 32B t IRST ST., NR. HARRI-
XV son : four connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing: newly papered and cleaned; gas. water, etc; ;
with American family; rent reasonable.
tulton Street.
1"I (* FULTON — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
X-LU rooms for housekeeping; very cheap.
v-«_Hry mr«a«
A I Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED:
'liw furnished er unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. ■ . . • : . ■;. ■-.;• [■?.
Guerrero Street.
5 GUERRERO — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
0 rooms for housekeeping; cheap; no children.
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD. NR. BIXTH— 2
rooms, furnished for housekeeping: $7. .
II a yes Street.
-1 7 ,«Q HAVES-LOVELY PARLORS: KITCH-
X • 'it 7 en; private family; nr. park; very cheap.
-toward Street.
CO/31 HOWABD— FRONT SUNNY DOUBLE
OOU3 room, nousekeeplng if desired, $7; single <
*_L_______-— — — - ______________
COO HOWARD— ELEGANT PARLORS, SUN-
cZ— ay single, double roon.a; light houstkeeo-
ing: $4 np. ' ...
IT if) HOWAKD-2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEP-
XX^r— Ing rooms: range; bath: rent $10 to $12.
Lark in street.
A OQ LARKIN-NICKLY FURNISHED AND
*i_ «7 sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
if desired. :
Slaiket Street.
1 AQO MARKET— B NICELY FURNISHED
XV/O_ housekeeping rooms, $2 week or $7
month; in rear. -
' 31 In n a -tree-.
AO4 MINNA — 2 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS,
Ol furnished for housekeeping; cheap; also
single room. . ■
. jii union -rreo .
000 l MISSION— COMPLETELY FURNISH-
V7ZO2 *4 clean sonny honseki epg rooms: porch.
1 C\-J OMISSION — 4 SUITES OF NEWLY
IV/t)O furnished rooms fr housekeeping: gas:
baths- hot and cold water tree: rent $12, *14, $lti
and $20; also single rooms at moderate rates.
1 OO MISSION — 2 OR » NICKLY FUR-
-I___ nished rooms for light housekeeping;
gas; bath. > _ t , "'
Nintli Street.
«->A NINTH, NJE A B MARKET - FRONT
JX) suites for light housekeeping, orjslngle: grates
gas. ' -"■ --'-•••■■ . -
octavla Street.
1A nO OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — BAY-
11UO window, foldlng-bod: kitchen, gas, stove.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA—
Front and back parlor: furnished for bousekpg.
. ________________
" Rausch Street.
on RAUSCH, COR. FOLSOM, BET. seventh
00 snd Eighth— Large front room and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping; $10.
Seventeenth Street.
0I CO SEVENTEENTH — LARGE FRONT
0400 room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nished for housekeeping: rent $3. v
South I'aiK.
1 A BOf7TH PARK-SUNNY UNFURNISHED
1 U housekeeping rooms.
-I v SOUTH PARK - WELL - FURNISHKD
ID bousektepinf rooms; $7 to $10.
Stock tun Hi«»i.
m STOCKTON — BUNNY FURNISHED
i 1 1 rooms for houackpitig: $» and $10 month.
- lay lor Sire**. •
inn TAYLOR - 8 OB 4 FUKNIMHED
1i 1 U roor_s and b_ib. -II complete; cheap.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS _ Continued.
lliirti Street.
OCiO THIRD-2 FRONT BUNNY ROOMS,
$' as'week 181164 complete fot housekeeping:
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. ROOM 37-ROOM AND HOUSE
-.-jg rpntlng wgenoy: no fee for registering. .
ROOMS TO LET.
. Birch Avenue. .
I 9 AND 22 BIRCH AYE.— RENT REDUCED;
X-j newly papered and decorated opp. City Hall.
i>UKh Jvtree..
I 1 OX BUSH, COR. HYDE-SUNNY BOOM;
XXOU upper flat; $10; with bath.
California Street.
71 Q CALIFORNIA— DOUBLE ROOM: ALSO
I-L i 7.3. 3 connecting rooms.' 4 beds, suitable young
men.
1 Q*>U California— pleasant, bunny
» O — O room; suitable for lady i use of kitchen.
i.uuV Mr««l.
m EDDY— NEAT SUNNY SINGLE AND
double room for gentlemen; $6 and $10.
]]O KDDY— FRONT SUITES, NEW FUK-
XXOnlture, clean sunny rooms; $5 up; also
housekeeping. '-
71 Q EDDY-1 FURNISHED ROOM, LOWER
I XV floor, $5 per month.
i-»_nth >tiuo;, .
C HERMAN ATARTMEKT HOTTS.IS, « «TH
0 su. near Market: furnished «n<l unfurnished.
J__iii street.
THK BAJIONA, 130 ELLI9: MB". KATRH.
X ART. manaser— A quiet house: centrally lo-
fined; newly furnished; elevator: hot <fc cola water.
091 ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BKST
O— I. lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
J mil Street.
got FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
DZ.O keeping; 2 $10. 3*13; single. $5.
Folsqm Street. ';.':-
7QPL FOLSOM— SINGLE SUNNY FURNIBH-
I OO ed front room; $4 month.
. ' • .fourth Street.
9991 FOURTH (THE PALM) — LARGE
_ «-i- - i sunny front room and double and single
rooms; reasonable.
. Learr Street.
91 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY BOOMS IN REAR;
-1 I cottage; key premises.
4-\ Q GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
tiIJ lors: suites or single: entirely renovated. -
. iiuward Stiee..
HOWARD-i NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
-0*3.0 nisbed rooms: $9 per month.
P9Q HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY SINGLE
U— .O rooms: gas; bath: quiet and reasonable.
1 f)r a Howard — large bay-window
L£O~l room tor 1 or 2; cheap. ,
1 Q(\tt HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY FRONT
IoUD rooms. ' |
(luiien Strent.
on— .'ONES — THE VAX WINJCLK: SKW
tU\3 l management: elegant tunny snltes and
tlngle: newly lurnlshed; bam. etc : SlO to S3U.
i.earnr Mr««».
OQ KEARNY-NICF.LY FURNISHED ROOMS:
— O verms reasonable: quiet house.
on KEARNY— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS. PAR-
OU ticularly suitable for gentlemen; electric
lights.
\ KLINGTON HOUHE. 127 KKARSV —
/V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable. '
-.arltln Street.
ri (\ LARKIN-BUNNY BOOM& SINGLE OR
ulv double; quiet family; reasonable.
Lutvenworth Street.
Q 1 A LKAVENWOBTH, BET. ELLIS AND
OXrk Kddy— Elegant front sunny suite; suitable
for couple or '2 gentlemen: upper flat: no children.
A-\1 LEA YEN WORTH— UN N V HALL
"IJ-1 room: bath and gas: $6.
_.-l'ke: >tit>«>..
YOBEMITB BOUSE, 104S MARKET — TIsR
eight, »fte to *1 : week. $1 60 to $5: tarn-lea.
Mason Street.
ril MASON— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
Oil hall bedroom: gas, bath; private family.
Minna Street.
RR7 MINNA, COR EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UUI planed tiay-wlndow rooms; »1 per week.
_ ...blon strews. ~-.;.
Ci 7 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
O*±l rooms by day, week or month, 25c to $1
per day. .
Q£jl MISSION — LAKGE SUNNY ROOM
CU"±2 and kitchen, $8: also single rooms. $6. .-
Ninth Street.
QQQ NINTH — FINE CORNER BAY-WIN-
— Ot/ dowroom, with grate: bath.
... i u'rarrell MMMi <
-I OO O'FABBJELL— LARGE RUNNY FRONT
— _ room: elegantly fnmlshed; all conveni-
room: elegantly furnished ; all conveni-
ences; reasonable.
Polk street. ~~
1 /M Pi POLK— UNFURNISHED FRONT AND
l^trxo back parlor. .
Post Street.
71 POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
j 4 XO en suite or single: private bath: $6 to $20.
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL ( W ILLISFORT»— BN.
_ 1 ii tirely renovalea throughout; newly far-
nlshed rooms: en suite or single; terms reasonable.
9*.»- POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY KiOM
__>J newly fur.; $8: also large sunny cor. room.
seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
It:- housekeeping; also single rooms.
. Sixteenth Street.
9QA9 SIXTEENTH, CORN KB HOWARD—
Zi*j\)£i Large sunny front room; furnished;
suitable for two: $7 a month.
« :
6ontU Park.
1f» SOUTH PAKK — SUNNY FURNISHED
ID front room. $5 ; -» .-.. , .
Mockton Street.
T^UROPEAN (THK), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nishtd suites, $4 to $10;>initle rooms. $1 50 to
$3 week: S*»c to $2 night; hot and cold running
water in every room: baths; e.evator: transient.
c 1 Q STOCKTON, NEAR BUsH — FINELY
0 1 0«furnlshed suite and single rooms; private
family.
tuuer_c.r««u
QAQ PUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITER,
QUO $1 26 to $10 wit; night 2ic to $1 60: transi.
-TAQ SUTTER, COK.IAYIiOR-KLKOA.NTLY
IUO newly furnished sunny rms. ; suite or single.
-Mjrior Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— FUBNIBHED BUN-
Xrzo ny rooms: reasonable.
■ lehaina Street.
on TEHAMA ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
O-w rooms; private family. - ■
iiird Street-
Q1 7 THIRD-LA RGK BUNNY CLEAN RM&;
OX double or single: day, week or month. •
■ 'lurk Street.
1 OP, TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM;
I/O suitable (or a gentleman; $6 per month,
Twelfth Street.
3 SUNNY FRONT P-OOMR: UNFURNISHED.
122 Twelfth s  beu Mission and Howard sta.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — '«_!
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
STORES TO I IT.
J~^^ARG^~STOnR^yfSI^T(JhS7PFE^FRO^
Xj and ihow-wlndowt; located 420 Sutler
Apply to A. MCELROY. 4 Pbelan building.
■|/<OK SMALL BAKKRY, GUOCKKY OR
X butcher-shop; will build to suit, rent or sell; $50
cash, $20 per month : near Ingleslde. THE Mo-
C AKTii V CO.. 646 Market gt. ■ - -
A I A KKARNY-LAHGK LIGHT DESIRA-
*t I v Lie store: occupied at present by paying
restaurant: low rent. Apply on premises, room 34.
C)' CLEMENTINA Sr—STOEii, 4 BOOMS;
— O bar fixtures: cheap rent. . ' .
QHOEMAKERBHOPTO LKT ON ACCOUNT
O of death; o d established. 505 Lyon, nr. Grove,
TOBK, with 8 BOOMS, NX. cor. goldev
Gate aye. ana Webster su; choice location for
drugs: ore. ' ..
STORES WANTED.
ANTEO^STORE In" GOOD LOCAfioN7
» » suitable for wine and II 0/ or house: state rent.
Address s. H.. box 187. call urtic<».
OFFICES TO iTeT\
TyjTflTZPv^i^lC^iCupErLY '
_OU front connecting suites, especially adapted
for doctor. ■ ' •
CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (L. AND
L. and G. bulldln«— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st.
If INK OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; BUITA-
£ b!efori.n>- business.
PRKCKKL- SUILDIN«. »'i7 MAKKKT-
Elegant snnnv offices. $1- 60 up; eleclrio-Ught;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building I
or v. a. U-Ussen A CO., U Montgomery m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Qt X VAN^NE^T^R^^F^R^ELL^HA^Nb'-
«XO somely furnished alcove suite: dressing-
room: closet; bath, etc; superior table; private
famny; tine location.
494 EDDY— BCNNY NKWLY FURNISHED
tat rooms; beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable. \
]V"EWLY FURNISHED ROOMS: BOAKDOP-
-Li tlonal: bath: private family : terms reasonable.
Address J. P., box 102, this office.
—07 KLLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• «■» • parlors or single; use of , piano; board op-
tional. ■■....-.•
AI O EDDY — LOVELY FRONT. BUNNY
t 1 ■£ room, with board for 2; $45. . . ■
OOIVCUY, NR. DEVISADERO—
-Uii/ room: use of |arlor: board $25, or $40
iortwo: gas, bath; take Eddy-sU cars.
OTJS.L Blitil'USU, 714 fcUBH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference* »lveu ana its^utred; allmoa- '
r*i «onv«>nlpnr«^. ■
' CHILDREN BOARDED.
T?XPErIeNCED NURSE WISHES AN IN-
X\i fant 10 board: »1Q per month. -.919 Sixteenth.
BICYCLKS.
'QR COLUMBIA BICYCLE FOR BALE
V\J cheap. 635 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND BARGAINS: CRAWFORD,
$30: Barnes, $55; Ben Hur, Ladles', $50; Fow.
ler, $55; Ladies' Fowler '-98," a bargain; also
others. Da VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADK 2D-HAN D WHEKLS $25 UP;
sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
■\TERY Ft?» -96 BICYCLE FOR $20. "DAVID
V N. HAWKEY, 31H Market su
PARK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEKLS TO AJST:
J. best accommodauons. Terminus Ut_y, Ho-
Aliiater and Powell st. car line. •
FOR SALE-aiISCELLANEOUS;
FOR BALE— a GENTLE FRESH MILCH
cow, with calf. Apply 101 Tenth st. .
1?OR aALE-$45-GUITAR, GOOD AS NEW:
J cheap. CHARLES TRAPP, 1241 Folsom st.
VINE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
X old; -heavy workhorses, double harness; c*-
nury birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Stelner st.
BARS, (SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. WHJSLV
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Aiission, nr. 7th.
C COFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRKSS
v> stand desk, money till, ' safe, cheap. 10a Clay.
Li UY YOUK BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT-
1 ' tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit ; get our prices, CaL. Rattan Co., 61 First st,
near Mission. .
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITBR,
$4*: others irom $20 up. . RK V ALK. 409 CaL
|jOILEKH,KNGLNES.2D-HANDMACHINKRY.
XI waterpipes. Mclntosh * Wolpmao. 137 Beat »v
t"' OVSTr. X S. SHELVING. BIIOWOAsKS
/bars bomb: A sold. 1121 Markt.bet 7th <t Bth
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
Gl OOD SECOND-HAND BoILEK; ALSO LOT
VJ pulleys, shafting, etc. W. _. bANFORD,
415 Washington st. v.
0 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— glne; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
j UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHK4
■ ' doors, maatWs. etc. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NX fc.MALL MEDIUM AND LARUK 6>l^»
hi* and bwrg'.ar proof iwf». 103. 11l Market %:.
TVTEWKANGKa CHEAPER THAN BKCONU-
XI hand. W. B. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California »-
AvVEiilTa NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
- V WKJEJCLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
~' SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rate*. 205 Fourth nu
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
"I BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CArtLOAD
X. lots and for cash, and being in mv own build-
ing, with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an Instrument better value for less money than
any other music house In San Francisco; investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT, 828
Hayes sU
\\ r ANTED — CHEAP SECOND-HAND TJP-
" right or square piano; cash. Address R., box
72, CalL
4-STORY BUILDING. CORNER OF
Kearny and Butter sts., full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*3, $4. «5, «6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 aud
c'J5 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to stein way Baby, Parlor and Concert
brands; why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included: no charge for dray age: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY A CO., Cor. Kearny and Sntt«r sta.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
»-«ty representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
CTUaHiY THIS 81-.BT BAKGAINS IN Pl-
anoa; nee our Ist tor this week: pianos on $3.
I $4. *5, $6, $7. $8, $9, $10. $15, $-.'0 monthly pay-
! ments: fine stool and cover wi:h each; delivered
I ■ free anywhere In th« city and kepi timed by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO
salesrooms 93S Market su. opp. Mason.
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND BEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers: no-
body can offer belter terms and prices: remember
oars is the oldest and larg-st music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLEK A CHASK, 28
O'Farrell su, San Francisco.
ETIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS ATA
sacrifice to promptly close ont stork: Knabe,
Haines and Bush A Gerts. A, L. BANCROFT A
CO.. 324 Post su
A LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
tT 1 , cf '?- 003 *° rsDt * nd for s^e cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market sU
SEND ADDRESS AND GET A PRESENT. P.
O. box HO, Oakland.
<$! IA fl STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST $475;
*iP*-±yj» on $6 Installments. -21 Leaven-orth.
©1 P.A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
lw. ton make piano. BRUENN's, 228 post.
AGMFICENT BTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
■LTJ Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
VXSCHMnz, 16 McAllister, next Hlpernla Bank-
Ay <;. Badger, solk agent for hallet
'' .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac 1 to
GHIUKKKINU, J_NABK. bTKCK.VOMB. aTKR-
yj ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187: plaaos
lorrenu BENJ. CUKTAZ A son, 16 O'Farrell
YKON MACZY. 308 POST ST.-SOHMit*
-Newby * Evans. Iwtn »nd other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS 21THXKH. OLDANBW
kj H. -lULL_.K. maker, repairer. 2 Latham Macs.
fl H J«|BT AND BEST IN AMERICA-THK
¥ t . \r£ Xl * - CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one rear for $1 50, poet-
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irreguarltlßs and diseases peculiar to
their rpx,: latest Improved method of treatment-
never fails: rerfecUv harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make tnem
w«>ll; travelers helped lrome !la:cly; prices to suit
the times: home m coutinenienu DX. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank;
consult fr c; French regulating pink pills, $,!;
hours from 9 a. U. to 6 p. Mr. and 7 to 9 P. it.
LL CASKS OF . IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hourj; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In coaUnrmeut; regular graduate phy-
fician; 3U years' soccessful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us-d: ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKI H, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
mentor worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day;
win be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you wan: to be treated safe and sure call on a
mans physician. DR. POPPkk. 318 Kearny su
T A DIES, CHICUESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ I royal Pills (Diamond Brand) arc best; sate, re-
liable; take no other, fend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, ♦•Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mall:
%t drugtist'a. Chlchester Coem. Co.. Philadelphia.
DB. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one d*y, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate home for patients; best skill:
low fees; regulator $2.. 904 McAllister at.
LPttAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladJes troubled with Irregularities; no danger.
safe and sure; $2 50 express c. O. D.- don't delay
until 100 late. OSOOOD BuOB.. Oakland, Cal.
Mrs. dk. wegenkk takes ladibh BE-
lore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; trials all female complaint* or
irregolarltles successfully. 419 Kddy su •
URE Cl'Rh FoR ALLFKMALK DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
m^TrTg^y^r- 2*56"T t urk° a ?. ""*"»««* »
MRS. J. A. ACH VRD.'MIDWIFE— IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion su .
RS. M. E. RODGEKB, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R. DORA GRAY-ALL FEMALE COM-
plaint* restored; cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
IF IRREGULAR OK A.NY FK.MALE Dl EASE
X»eeMK3.DR. PUETZ and becontenU 264V4 *"»•
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
BIVATK HOMf. IN CONFINEMENT. MR*
.. DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eightn >v, Alameda.
A, WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
PROFESSIONAL. CARDS. '
RANK SH AYrATTORNK i Y-AT-LA W. ROOM
421. foarth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
OHN K. iICHARDS, LAW OFFICE.-*. KO('Hi)
.ii and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, CaL . .
1 OHN K. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. AHHKR.
<J attys at law, mis 515.516. 5 h floor, Parroit t>ld*.
STORAGE.
TO^tA^E^HB'APEsfiNTTJKruI^Y^'FIRt
proof building; advances made. 311 Larkln. -
"LTUKNITOKJi, > PIANOS. . TRUNKS: AD-
I X 1 Tancaa, shipping. CBAS. L. TA YLOR.BO4 Post.
PERSONALS.
TUOTIcTrTtrTHE PUBLIC— OWING TO THE
JLi wrongs which I have unconsciously inflicted
toward *my friends * and others during the past
three years or mote (due to my weak state ot
tnind). I wi*h to ask for pardon, with the hopes of
redeeming my past life, in the near future, Sin-
cerely, - ■ WM. F. LaNGE.
MRS. SADIE EVANS'COSMESTIC PARLOH&
i'l natr-dresslng.sha:«poolng: gents 50c 15 Eddy.
\i URNETT'a CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOR
X> corns, bunions, wans: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
TNFORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
1 of GUSroV.RUDOLK BaRSTAEDT, a native
of Dansig, Germany: present age about f>U years:
supposed to be In California;. a fortune has been
left him In Germany. Address 1900 Central aye.,
San Francisco, CaL - ;■-■-.
WATCH AND JEWELKY REPAIRING;
"» worK from the country solicited; estimates
riven; articl- s re;urned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
DVICK FKKE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims.' collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law. 850Marketst.
ANTED— OLI> GOLD FOR MAN U FACT UR-
»' Ing. O. NOLTE. jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st.,
bet. Mason aud Powell.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL . OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes: Instructors. J. H. E. Partinston, Gertrude
Parti on, B. L. t'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
T> AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOK SALE-
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rate*.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
DR. MAUD INMAN.ELECTKIOTHERAPEU-
tic vapor baths; ladles only. 1053 Market St.
JUST ARRIVED— MME. M. TAVLOK, CARD-
reader; fee $1. 850 Market, rooms 49-50. •
O-OCO OR ANY OTHER ANCIENT OR
modern style of balrdressing I do for 25 cents;
Qulnonla hair tonic, 35c a bottle: switches. $1:
have enlarged my parlors. G. LEDERER, 111
. Stockton st. ■ ' '
V OUNQ LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GEN-
, X Ueman partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell St., room 7. i ' ' ' .
OKRIB BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 46-46: ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order guaranteed :low prices
itS THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST ANT>
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10.
ADY (STKAJS'WEK) DESIRES Gfc-NlLK-
man partner; $*-'5 capital. K. 2. 122 Post st.
Al YRTLE POTTER'S COSMK'J IC PARLORS
ill manicuring, -aixdressing. 1362 a Market st.
room 8. ■ ' • : ■ r
m*.! PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
tpT: WERTHJI AN Pants Co., 22V& Geary street.
rfIUE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X stilt to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
ing Company. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and sth.
RtNKS DKLIVEKKD 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutler; tel. Grant 57.
T THE ; PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029Vs Market sL,
beu Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
LL FACIAL BLEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
Lair, moles, freckles, sc»rs, etc, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINS
edge put on razor,2sc Razor Exchße,63oMarket
ELVKT AND CLO'l H CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
IJIG OUTDOOR STriKEOPTICON SHOW KVJ*>
X> rr night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al.
vertiiements in living lUht; promoters of bau-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 114" Market «U
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN -VKKV ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. neaT Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bns and baggage to and from tne terry.
lßKliAl< ADVANCES UN DI AMO D> JAW-
J «-lrv. He i lowes: rat««. 04K Market st
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTU' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. fOLM AN. 41 Sn. cor. Jgoilo.
■ DRESSMAKERS. .
RKsVks $it" " irp: vTkXppERS 35c~"up7
lawn *1 np 505H NatomasL, above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
/*1 IT AN A. THli GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
VT truthful In her predictions: reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles yon may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake;' a_'.isfaciion
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
MX PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, rmrd- reader, born with a dot! Die veil an 1
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry aai
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk si., nr. Jonei.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELIJi
■»'■! pas', resent and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st.
MME. LEGETTE-PRESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
bi.s. KNOWLEDGE:RKVEALSFUTURK
m>rriage:'liicky lottery numbers. 1032 Market.
mk. hanskn.paLmTst.cahd-keader;
iiJ pas:, present and future; 25c 148 6th st.,'r. 5.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FJ.UEN'ILY:
business names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
Ml- JIUKKAU, Bh.sT MEDIUM; KtVtA.J
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
p YPSY LIFE-READER, RKMOVKD FROM 5
VJ seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 26c: tents 50c.
MMX. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT:
yrs Kearny. now 929 Post: fee $1; letter. s2.
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICT ORE FtrftTßE
husband, wife; ladies 25c. 50c 914 O'Farrell.
LAI RVOYANT: LADIES ONLY: FEE 25&
\-/ 41 *>lnna.b_s e ment.
SPIRITUALISM.
a VERITABI.K QUtEN ASIOKu WOMXNL*
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
JTEK $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD-
HOPE, HKLP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness Why that downcast
*reT Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so manr
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, ii
•gain at her old offices, 1-320 Market street, San
Francisco, and Is now as ready as ever to assist:
every suffering mortal who wilt either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tns
separated are united: the Kick made strong; the
poor become rich ; If yon think your husband, wire
or lover Is untrue consul t her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortal*
who try to Imitate her an the eternal heavens are
hich above ihe earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoei
not know what failure means! Her "Revealea
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) curs
every disease that human flesh Is heir to, anl no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most au>
cessful and sattftfac.ory. All letters answered.
' Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FK— *.! A UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD:
; -. .• M.H*. DX. A. D. HOWE,
'... - 1320 Market st-, opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
QOft MCALLISTER — MX& C. J. MEYER:
O—U test meeiingi every sight; 10c.; Tue <&
Frl, -p. m. . . -
rPEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10a MMX.
X YOU" O. B'J5 McAllister: telephone Jessie 1101.
"PUBLIC CIRCLE TO-DAY, 2 p. m mayo
X STEERS. 1016 Market St.; readings $1.
UKNA VISTA HOLDS DARK SEANCE TO-
J-> night. .87- Mission st : 10c: all welcome.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT .sLaTE-
. writer. 118 HKightst.; hours 9 until 6f.it
KS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM,
■ sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
I-HOP GAKRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
cph 'I iipyiav. Frldiiv »vfn'-<. 2!>c; 10 to 4 rlally.
; i . . . .  HYPNOTISM. .
YTN^mK-T^NTtt^viTAL" m^onlbtism
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so bow to hypno Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered' to physicians and' students of
science Interested In its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Ca'.l or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell at. '
~~~ scientific ASTROLOGY.
Scientific ASTROLOGY— ALL events OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b - my method; oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLAIR, 816 Mar-
ket st., room 26: hours 9 to 7.
HORSES. '
FOR SALE — HANDSOME FAMILY " CAI?
rlage horse: very gentle; lady can drive; cheap.
Address P. O. box 70, Pieasanton, C al. .
L7ORSALE-L.GHT s.OADThJAM OF BLACKS'
£ standard bred Eclectics; also standard-bred bay
mare by .bros, well broken ; must be sold, or will
be exchanged ' for pacers. Can be seen at 347
Fremont St., and trial given.
Handsome~calVt\ harness, stylish
bay mare; pacer: gentle: will stand any
place: anyone can drive her; nice rig for lady
Can be seen at 941 Bryant st. :•...,.
rpHK EMPORIUM SALHS YARDS, 220 VA-
-1 lencta su; is the place to go If you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C/\ HEAD DRIVING AND WOK X HORS_S :
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard Bt.
KIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY 600 BET*
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scrlption, for less money than yon. can bay Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 11 ) McAllister sI.S. K.
1. t/ k bE i fj NEW AND SECOND HAND HAH."
X _» ness, all kinds; ■ wagons, baggies, surr*n
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mlssiou t;
I ARGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALTER
XJ broken: cheap: Hyde ranch. 680 Com merclaL
:KfW|-Bls.T NEW AND b_.OON D-HAN d HAK-
«w« ness; all kinds; bu^gy.wairon, carti; surrey
arocteawar; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia. ■
Ai\ HOKBitS i-OK. SALt; ALSO - WAGON a
"w bugrles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Uoru
Market, 327 Rx.it st. ; auction sales every Wedu«*
day. SULLIV iN A IKIYI.K, Anctlon»>r<.
AND CARRIAtiES^
IfiOß SALE-LIGHT WAGON, ALSO BUsS
ness buggy, cheap.. 903 Golden Gate aye.
L OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
X carriages of every Iptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. CarviU il.'e Co., 46-48 Bt_ eu, 8. F.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
O^TC^DTy^A^fD^SKE^HK^^
64 LOTS FRO TING ON
STAN Y AN STREET
FREDERICK STREET
tfHRADERM'R ET
BBt'LAH STKEET
COLE STREET
Prices $1250 upward.
Your own terras.
Tbii property is a new subdivision, placed on
the market just two weeks ago. Already a
number of lots have been sold, and much in-
terest has been manlfes'ed In this the most
Important subdivision of the year. A large
number of people will be out today to see
the property aud pick out a lot. We invite
■ you to join them. If you see these lots you
will ag.ee with us that they are not only
cboi c residence sites but also the best in-
vestment lots In San Francisco.' Remember
this property faces the park and Is near th»*
site of the Affiliated Colleges, the contract for
which has just been let. The lots are all
large and level; street work done. Don't
wait, but see them at once. The best lots are
going first.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
"I OTS ON THE PARK. ~~~
LOTS ON THE PARK.
XJ Every week the number of lots in the block
bounded by 9th and 10th ayes., H and 1 sts. , grows
less and less. Do you want one? If so, see the
property and pick out your lot at once.
PRICE $750 AND UPWARD.
TERMS $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
You will do well to secure a lot now, as you will
never again be able to buy so cheap.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
TNGLtSIDK— MAGNIFICENT KESIDENCE,
X near racetrack, on Flaxton aud Graf ton sts.: 11
rooms aud bath, wooden mantels; all modern im-
provements; lot 62:bx125; sold at a great sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON A C'\, 2 Valencia at.
•2:1 dfi(\ COTTAGE 5 ROOMS, LOr 45x100,
«IMOUU. in Berkeley: 6100 down, $20 month.
ly; $500, lot 60x125. $21) down, $10 monthly.
AS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
V; CAU'Ki. BKOTHKrtb,
J-VL JiKAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
QfiPifin CASTRO ST., NEAR MARKET:
*4pQ*JUW. new store a.id flat; rents $45 per
month; street work done; will exchange for va-
cant Mission corner. t ■".._
ffiQinn CLEMENTINA ST., CORNER BE-
tJpOX \)\J. low 3d. with 2-story bulldins: renting
to 3 tenants for $35 per month; 30 feet front;
street work done; see this.
C|»'| O' A PRICE REDUCED: WALLER ST..
"UP-LUiJU. near Masonic aye.: 25x149: extra
depth; good neighborhood; street graded and
sewered.
C_QROn GREENWICH ST.. NEAR BU-
iiPOUv/U. chanan; 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation: rents $35 per mouth:
street, graded and sewered; lot 25x137:6; an offer
wanted.
fIJQOK LOT IN LAKKVJEW,: ONE BLOCK
OD— t). from Ingleside racetrack and 2 blocks
from electric cars; level and ready to build on; a
a cheap lot.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GJSTZ A BROTHER, \
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT 3.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
- Our Installments are easier than rent.
(JjJI HO TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
«lpxuv/ at once: near Mission and San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only *5 monthly payments.
bOL GETZ A BROTH KB.
Qj 7 £. 1 0 $1200— BEST LOCATED I.OTS NEAR
tip I ') electric lines, north and south of park;
beautiful view of pt»rk, ocean. Strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleger;
$5 aud $10 monthly payments-
: SOL «KTZ'. BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER, Owners,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker liuiaing.
EADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
XV the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitch bur* station; bite 100x100: cheap at $20
per front foot.
RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Loandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $600. '
BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBURO STA-
tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600: WILL SUB-
divlde into 48 building lots; a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMKDV
Count-, lor sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetable* to perfectlou; splendid
chance to start a Ltuntery and grow cut flower* for
the tnarxet.
ATHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery »U. S. F.
<2?£OX|» NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
tITU— choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick st., near Asnbnry: contain '5 and 6
rooms and have every modern Improvement; well
planned: sun in every .room; marine view; in-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mit to Inspect apply to TOBIN A McNALLY, 630
Market st.
; ILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own It>t or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
1/OR SALE— ELEGANT NEW MODERN RES-
X 1 tdences situated on Gough St., near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all dern conveniences:
fine view; good neighborhood ; complete street
work; these bouses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere: terms easy:' houses open. ' * !
UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
one, that Republicans. Democrats and .Popu-
lists all agree upon: that all can fret fair bargains
In real estate at PATTERSON'S, 2 Valencia st.
fljjFinA CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
<JptJVW for a new bouse on ea<t vide of Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lame lot *i 5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $*75 a room; parties contempUtln?
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THTQ
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to tny address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
a«e free. ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Va'AwRKS UNCULTIVATED LAND; 30
CU miles *onth of Portland, Or.: exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Third, rm. 22.
IVIDEND-PAYINO STOCK . (8 PER CKNT
XJ per annum) for 1 home in San Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61.), Safe Deposit building, S. F.
-:/A ACRES FIRST-CLASS- FRUIT RANCH,
xj\J highly Improved; an ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland: to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, San Jose or Oakland property.
300 acres, near Mock ton: magnificent « rain ranch;
fine house, 14 rooms »n l outbuildings; to ex-
change tor San Francisco, Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm; 160
acres: new house, barn, etc.: nicely improved; Al
In «very particular; to exchange for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 years old. to
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland property.
J. S. MYEKS, 1002 11 road way, Oakland. _.
IfOR EXCHANGE, NIiAR LOS GATOS, A
■F choice orchard home for good clear property in
Ban Frunclsoo or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gatos, Col. , ■■ ■
SKNiiFUROUR L1SI" OF ORCHARD HO.
for sale. WOOSTKR & WHITTON. *_n Jot*.
IOOn ACRE* li>ißEK LAND. KKKN CO.;
J _O< ' i. ipr: fln«»fnrrat'i'»-rM«!ng. N..hx.16.Ca1l
MONET TO LOAN.
<n»i A/| jIAA AT LOWEST rates; CITY
<£)xUU.\/UU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
6HAINWALD. BUCKBEr 218-220 Montgy
•ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES.
J\. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; -lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWKLUK*
b'l ORB, Via Market st. : open evenings.
ONKY LYING JDLK: TAKK AT $6 INTErt-
•st per month for each SI 000; same rate sec-
ond niortgaicß or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOAN Kit OX JKW.&LKI' ANI)
iVJ other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
lltieMarkeisu.nr. Mason: private entrancitt Turf.
1 kIKKCT ON YOUK i'UKA'I'I URiS OK PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68. Donohoa bide. 1170 Marker v,
(iv 1 » f\f\(\ ou LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
ij'iJ.UUU. improved teal estate at 7 per cent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
i NY AMOUNT: IST, «D or 3D KUKTUAUi^i
A estates, nndlvlded Interests, real estate in ur*.
bate. Met AN. 24 Mointoirxry. room i.
OAKS ON FCRMiURE A.ND PIANOS
without removal: low interest. R. 3, 215 Powell
ADVANCESON dTaMON f. \V ELKV, Kl'O
j\ Colombia Loan * Collateral OrUce. 9 Uranc «•■».
jt'A UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<g)OV/ gages: In:. In estates. MURPHY. -SirKt
SAVINGS BANKS' BOOKS bought, room
616, Sate Deposit building, San Francisco.
ONE"V TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McK' /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
T OANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
J 1 24 Montgomery Bt. __H.— _—_____—■
~~ l ~~ PAWNBROKERS.
WISE 'a NIj~BAVE~TNTk REStT~MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and se-
curity Office, rv 7. Flood bid g. : entrance 809 MkL
T 126 KKAKN ST..- KOOM . 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, . diamonds, etc.: low rates;
private room*: elevator: f>le-le«'!i for sale rheap. ■
~~~~- FINANCIAL. ,- ';,: :- -;t^.
©1 rift [\f\f\ TO LOAN as LOW as banks.
<£>xUI/.UUV/ Apply rm 322, bale Dep.Bldg.
r ■ ■ ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
\ SUURST COLOX Y. ■■ i/^';";'
-»- At Ashnrst you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaining, at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have evt-r before been offered. We have our own
homes in this co'ony and are determined to sur-
round ourselves with neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
in our very midst. We have every facility for a
grand development. We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with us homes of comfort and abundance.
Alld £ 8s Ashnrst Colony, room 10, Mills building, 1
San Francisco. . •
1 AROAIN — RANCH PLEASANTLY SITU-
- ated In the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Kapa: suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken' farm: large bouse _nd barn:
stock, tools, etc. ' For particulars address P. O. I
box 239, .Napa. Cal.
I, OR SALK. SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
. X and favorable bond, at reasonable figures, four
quartz claims and 160 acres gravel. Address
Mines, hoi 66. Placer
rpo LEASE— S36 ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
X tion, Contra Costa. MISSNEELY. 1614 Bush.
rpo KENT— SMALL ORCHARD WITH NICK I
1 nous* and b<rn; fronting the Oakland and San
Leandro electric road : also a lane tract of land !
in the hills. DRIVER, ABKit A CO., San
Leandro, Alamedx County. ,
\\r ANTr.D— TO RENT. RANCH WITHIN 100
" miles of s a n Francisco: 30 to 80 acres: part 1
fruit. Address M. J. CARLSON, Memo, iai.
A' SSIONEES SALK. '■
■TV 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pieasanton, Alameda County ; I*£ hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward:
from $20 per acre. Room 57, chronicle building,
San Fr«n. isco.
Ranch wanted to rent-, about 20
acres, with smail house, not over 10 miles
from San Jose. Give terms, etc.. to W. T. A., bdx
9. Call Office.
LpOR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2S AUKES,
-i- elegant orchard and home, in best part of N'ilt-s
and Centerville fruit district; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Earl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment;
no fair offer refused; building* and equipment ex-
cellent. Estate, box 35, Newark.
rpHJt; FINEST UOU RANCH IS Tii_ STATE
Will be lensed for a term of years, or the rlcht
party can oerure a half Interest in a eood payin?
ranch property, as me present owner Is not able to
give it the attention It requires,; this property Is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of ho?* the year round.
Forpartlculars address X. V., box ii). Call Office.
A" NY ONE WANTING A" RANCH FUK
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required.
balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
T ITTLE HOMES, CLOnK T.I TOW.S. JM-
XJ proved:- easy terms: also Ato 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 652 Market st., S. F. .
TTALFB_CTIONOFGOODLANDIN'rrjLARK
XX County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sail Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Office.
nHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
1 nited States or Canada one year for SI 60, nost-
a_e free. '* - -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oO& BROADWAY.
OAKLAND , REAL ESTATE.
Cfc 1 nO/f LE "S THAN VALIJK
«JpJLf\./U Price »_300: lot 100x120: corner; 8
blocks to electric cars a;id local station; cottage 4
rooms; almost new: terms $700 cash.
*1800r-cost $2700: cottage 5 rooms: bath: nearly
new; modern throughout; street work and im-
provements complete; near, school: electric cars
and !<cal; $200 cash, balance mortgage; first
come, first served.
$1000 discount: price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modern; lot 45 ft front,
on principal street, near business center; this is
a rare bargain ;eeing is believing; call and ex-
amine.
910,000 discount: business corner. 100x100; half
improved: the corner lot is vacant; present In-
come, $960 per annum; must be gold; any offer
above mortgage, $16,400, accepted; *3000 cash
J. & MYERS.
• 1002 Broadway. #a_land.
T/OH SALE— AT HIGHLAND' PARK, COR.
A 1 Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth St.: lot 140 x
350 feet; house of 10 rooms; grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. • Address CHARLES C.
BE MIS, 324 Montgomery st. -
1 P.(\f\ EASY , TKRMS; A. BARGAIN;
HrXO\J\J. chicken ranch: 4-room house; well
good water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. ■
\|Y bl'i-CIALTY IS ' ; .-
ill HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modem 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6- room cottage....... 16
Lpoer modern 7-room flat... 18
AND 300 MOKE.
■ WM. M. DxWOLF, I leu broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS 10..1ET.'
rp H K ARLINGTON, SE. COR. NINTH AND
X Washington sts.. Oakland; a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA.MEPA SEAL ESTATE.
JIJXOF.A X EDUCED FROM Vb^jb^FiLHrTHE
tjptl_UU. next 10 days only, that beautiful
new house of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
south side of Central aye., near Oak St.: nlckel-
plat»d plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,'
cement basement, etc; see this; open for lnspec.
tion. U. a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland. ■
ffi»f»fifi LOT 50x160; GOOD LOCATION
«iJ^UUv/. easy terms.
$1300—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100—50x150: house of 7 rooms and bath. -
$5000—50x150; house of 9 rooms and bath.
BK>T LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: honse
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda: office open
Sundays and holidays. . Alameda Land Company,
1500 Par. su, A auieda.
TWO FLATS, 6 ROOMS EACH; LOT 60xl'i0;
northwest corner: streets improved; net in-
come, $38 per month: pri. c, $3750; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. BaIRD, real es-
tate and Insurance. 1303 Park st . Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL JKSTATK.
ajO*)fkA NEAR THE STATION; STREET
<3r_-_-V/U. work all done; bouse of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 46x125; a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley, adjoining bank. '-...-.;.
OOU liUAli-.S FOR ltfa.Nl' UK _'OK ALB
on easy terra* O. O. MAY A CO.. real estate,
hnllciln- »n<l loans. 2123 <Vnr. r «f.. >V*rit «.!»-.•
berkeley HOUSES. ~ 7 ~
F^^O»rrREN^Tr'NEWLY FDRNISHED COT-
i age 6 rooms, tath and garden, $20. '■ 198.
Berkeley way, East Berkeley. * - .
DENTISTS.
pR^O^E~D^N^ATrA^S^cIAT7o7r^STMAR^
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
I \R. LtiDLUM. HILL. 1443 MARKET BtT
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting w'hei
plates an made: old plates made over like new;
I teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
DX. UhOSUK W. LEEK, TilK GENUINE
Leek demist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to _0 O'Farrell
Ii'ULL SliT OF TKKTH, $7: WARRANTED
J? five years; extraction. 50c.: tilliues, 50c.;
crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
LMKST-CLASS DEM'I&TRV; FIRST-CLASS
X I prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C HARDING.M.D., 600 Sutter
1 K. L. i. 1 KA>'l- KXi'R ACTION PAINLESS,
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth wltaoa;
plates a specialty. ' 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
ffl»7 A i>Kl' i-OR T£.KTli: WaIIKA.MKU A-J
«3) • good as can be made: nlllnc $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentlsv. CaO Market su. next Baliiwln Theater. -.
PAIKLKM- EXTRACTION. 60c; - CROWS
bridge work a specialty ; plates, $5 up; lSveari'
experience. R. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 816^ Gear/.
\LL WOKK TO SL" IT T A RANTED.
-TV DR. RKA, 1870 Market st., front City Hail.
R. L'UCKKTT, 1703 ■ PO.->T .vr., NEAR BU-
cn-nan; pas clven; crown and bridce wort
LL WORK REASON A AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OFTKETH WlTHOU'id r±_Vi'i_ VXi. »_
.O. YOU.NO, 1841 Polk si. • ■■■ ' '
DR. J. J. U:KK,'UU(I .MARKKI.tUK. UULJJKX
Gat* aye.— Open evenings- i-urwiart till nooa.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
A S.SESSSMENT NOrICE— JASPER CONSOL
xV Ida ted Mining Company— Location ol prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco, Cal.: loca-
tion of works. Kanakas Valley Mining District.
El r.orado County, Cat ........ •
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of the
directors, held on the third day of July, 1896, an
assessment (No 1) of t ire« cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corporation,
payable immediately to the treasurer of the com-
pany at the office of the corporation at No. 811
Bran an street, San Francisco. ' '■
• Any stock upon which tbU assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the Bth day of October. 189",
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at pub-
lic auction, and unless ■ payment Is made before
will be sold on the 28th any of October. 1896, to
pay the delinquent assessment, together with costs
of advertising and expenses of nale.
8. H. ROBINSON, Secretary.
~ PHYSICIANS.
R."cT 6'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, CO &
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT.
XJ his museum. 1051 Market St.: his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
I me wont cases treated aaUafACtorU/ by — — «
. . - . ■ ■ . zr ■-.
THE DIVORCE RECORD.
Comniairfts nie<l: .
Maud L. Kotmann acralns: Eugene Kormaan.
Lena W. Lyon against Benjamin W. Lyon. - •
Annie J. Faulkner against Thomas Faulkner
Rose May Micliell against JoUn Micnell.
Divorces granted:
• Rebecca K.milnskl from Samuel J. Kamlnskl.
for willful neglect; by Jud<e Slack. •
. Julia de Audany from Anthony de Andany, for
desertion; hr Jn.Ue Troatl.
. Anna M. Jos<» » 1 from Jacob Joseph, for willful
neglect ; by Jud te Hunt.
I Ethel a. Law fiic<» from Albert J. Lawrence, for
desertion: by J.idse Sanderson.
W. P. B< nn trjin A. A. Benn, for Infidelity; by
Judge Trcntu
Lena G. Critcher from William K. Crltcher. for
dener.ion uud failure to provide; by Judge San-
derson. *
biiiTlli—JlAiißlAilES— DtiAiili
rßirth, marrlaee and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They mua be handed in at
either or the publication offices and be tniorsed .
with the name and residence ot persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BORN.
j HERRING— In this cl:y, September 15, 1896, to
[ the wife of Grorge D. Herring, a soa.
I MOWRY— In this city, September 10, 1898, to the
I wiie of George B. Mowry, a son.
1 JEXSKN— In this city, August 26, 1596. to tha
j wife of C. Jensen, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 11, 1896, to the
wife of W. J. O'Brien, a son.
SMITH— In Honolulu, August 3, 1898, to the
wile of J. W. smith, a daughter.
WILMANS-In this city. September 12, 1893.
to the wife of F. W. Wlimans. a son. -
MARRIED.
DIXOX— BREAN— In this city, August 25, 1«96,
by the Rev. Dr. E. G. Mathena, Daniel H. Dixon
and Minerva May Brean. ooth of San Francisco.
GRIMES- TIG HE- In this city, sepember 11,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. E. G. Mathena. Frank
Grimes and Katie Tighe, both of -an Francisco.
. i>mi).
- Anderson. Mary Hays, Tiara
Burke, Thomas J. Henderson. Miss A. B.
Busse, Airs. Jennie Ku.ly, Mary
Byrne, Leo G. Liebnardt. Susanna
Coxen, Charle? W. McDowell, Mary
c lance. Margaret Marks, Hannati
. Davis, Kll&thßta M. Moore, B'lijamin
tioo!).-, John 0 M. Rlley, Owen
Goodman, May E. Tralibold, Mumte
ANDERSON— In Oakland, September 15, 1893.
Mary Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years.
BURKE— In this city. September lH.lB93.Thotnaj
James, dearly beloved son of . Bart and Lizzie
Burke, a native or Virginia City, Nev., a^ed 4
years 3 months and 19 days, r Virginia City
papers please copy. |
ft_r-rh- lunerai will take plnce TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a.m., from th^ late resi-
dence. 1-0 Halght street, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUS>E— in this city. September 15. 1893. ' Mrs.
Jennie Binse (nee Co^iriy), a native of the par-
ish of cruiseiowu. County Meath, Ireland, aged
55 years.
£-~Remalns at the parlors of McAvoy A
. Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
BYRNK— In this eiiy, SeptemDer 16. 1896. Leo
G.i beloved son of John F. and Mary A. Byrne,
a native Of bau Francisco, aged 3 years and 6
months.
H3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. .from the resi-
dence of the parents. 898 Do.ores street, Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
COXKN — In Jienlo Parti. ( al. , September 15,
IH^3. Charles W., beloved husband ot Meta
Coxen. an 1. brother of John (.'oxen, a native of
London, England, ai;ed 41 years and c inoriins.
_3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
('1 hursday}, at, 2 o'clock p. m.
CLARKE— In tbiscity, September 14. 1893, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Charles Clarke, and
mother of John, Charles and Ellen Clarke, and
' sister of Mrs. Ellen htirvis and Stephen Blake,
a native of S. Louis, Ma, itnei 42 years.
Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 >. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 61,9' Howard street, thence to So. Pat-
rick's Church, where * a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Imeruienc Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, September 16. 1836, Eliza-
beth M. Davis, wife of Jacob Z. Davis, a native of
Pennsylvania, ai;ed 58 years.
Friends received at the family residence,
40« Post street, from 9 to 10:80 o'clock a. M.,
TO-MORROW (Friday). Funeral private. No
flowers. . - v
GOOBY— In Portland. Or., John Charles Matthew,
beloved son Of John and Mary Gooby, and
brother of Minnie, William and Harry Gooby
and Mrs. H.Boyle, a native or Fruitvale.-Cal.,
aged 26 years 11 months and 25 days.
GOODMAN— In this city, September 15, 1898,
May El me, beloved daughter of Thomas B. and
■ Nellie Goodman, a native of San Francisco, aged
' 8 months and 14 days.
HAYS— In this city. September 15, 1896, Clara
Hays, beloved wife of E. L, Hays, mother of
Viola Hays, daughter of Mrs. Matthews, and
sister of Mattle Matthews and Mr*. Ollle Kane,
' a native of Kansas, aged 18 years 2 months and
1 day. .
. JO""Frlends and scqulantances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from the residence
or her mother. Mrs. Matthews, 9 Clara street,
thence to the Mizpah Presbyterian Church,' Har-
rison street; near Fifth, where services will be
_e:a. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In Oakland, September 16. 1896,
Miss Amanda B.Henderson, sister of Thomas
N. Henderson, and aunt of the Misses Frances
and Flora Colby.
«3- Funeral TO-MdRROW (Friday), at 3
o'clock p. x., from 483 Twenty-lift- street.
Friends are invited. / -\-- r
KELLY— In the Cltv ana County Hospital, Sep-
tember 16, 1896, Mary .Kelly, aged 46 years.
LIEBIIA In San Jose, September 15, 1893,
Susanna Llebhard:, beloved mother of Mrs. W.
Miller and Fred and August Liebhardt, late of .
San Jose, and grandmother of Louis and Henry
Koopmann, a native of Germany, aged 85 years
and 3 months. . , : \;\\ ' ■ .
JSlTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. v., from the par-
lors of H. F. Subr A Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McDOWELL— In this city, September 9. 1896,
Mary McDowell, a native of lowa, aged 2lt years.
.' JjyFriends and acquaintances are reennct-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. __, from the par-
lors or H. C. Porter A Co.. 122 Eddy street.'
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARKS— In thls"ilty, September 16. 1838. Han-
nah Marks, relict of the late Jacob Marks, and'
beloved mother of Mrs. M. J. Franklin. Mr*. G.
I. Raychester and M. Marks, a native ot Exin,
Prussia, aged 92 years.
■ jS3""Frlends and acquaintance* are resn>c;-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1538 Folsom street, near Twelfth, thence
by 11: 30 o'clock a.m. train t«> Hills Of Eternity
Cemetery for interment.
MOORE— in this city, September 18, 1896, Benja-
min, beloved husband of Frana Moore, a native
of Medford, Mass., a^eJ 58 years.
RILEY— In this city. September 18, 1896, Owen,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Rlley,
and lather of Miry T.. Katie C, Thomas E..
William F. and Joseph P. Ri!ey, and brother of
Mrs. A. Flanagan. Air*. William Martin and
Mrs. D. H. Falion of Pleas«nton. a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, asred 46 years- A mem-
ber of Beraal Lodge No. 19, A. O. U. W.
43- Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock a. m . from his
: late residence, San Bruno road, opposite Five-
mile House, thence to All Hallows Church,
where a requiem high mast will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRABBOLD— In this city. September 15,1896.
Mamie, beloved wife of Walter J. Trabbold, and
' daughter of Richard and Marzaret Walsh, and
sister of George, Annie and Kate Walsh, ana-.
. tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 4 months
and 20 days, [Buffalo, Cleveland, Brooklyn
and Wilmington papers please copy.J
£§~Frlends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY;
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late -
residence, 450 Clipper street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services, commencing at 1 2:30
o'clock p. M. Interment .Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery^
' MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FONERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRS,
■ 20 fifth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 80S0. ..
' - ■
IjTS^Si~swckt!™~"^^~C^as7McM_no~-T1
JAMES MoSLBNOM—- & SON, 1
UNDERTAKERS AND EMIiALMERS, I
1057 Mission Street, Sear Seventh.
Telephone .No. 3H54. - '■ |
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: .NEAREST CEMB-
_. tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office tiVJ Maries*
street, southeast corner of sixtu. . 
gn__o sfi e__Stesffi__idK__B__*_*fi— » ■■ — Ssfij!
Pt?U«V/C Vnil "^re Taroat, Pimples, Copper- «
i'jMlA" lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores, 3
Mincers in Mouth. Hair-F_iii_ei Write tOOKB
MBEMEDY CO.. iiO7 Masonic Temr.l- JH
JHChleairo, li!., for proofs of cures. Cupi-y|
Htal, 6500,000. Worst casec cured in lOH
Hgto 85 days. 100-pi»BT« book. free. &
jF*___Hfl_^_h&.>._| Bl^ ?ii a non -poisonous
«£fl___^^^-ta9 remedy for Gonor.
jHytCßtt^l Gleet, rmatorrhesa
_88-_T in 1 to 5 Whites, unnatural di»-
JBjiiy Oa»r»nued « charges, or any iDflamma-
£«•_} not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
giJPrtwnu eont»£ioa. tion of muc o v mem-
y_«yHEEYAHS CMEMtCuno. Cranes. Non-astringent.
I V____C!SCINNATI.Q.HI I Sold by l»rupci«tc,
U. __' _§S ? r ie -t •» Plain wripper,
IT___HL V S _ _Bb or Bent ' n Plain wrapper,
>7wm Ul_l_H H R- 00 -, 01 " 3 Attics, C 3.?<
tl-00, or 3 bottles, C2.7\
13 CircuUr lent or. rr 'Met.
1314
FATHER CROWLEY
IN WARLIKE BOLE
In Defense of a Child He
Soundly Chastises B.
R. Foss.
THE LATTER'S RECORD.
His Children Were Placed in
the Youth's Directory by
the Mother.
FOSS TOOK ONE BY FORCE.
On Being Pursued He Strikes the
Priest, and in Consequence Is
Badly Thrashed.
About 1 :30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Rtv. Father D. O. Crowley, secretary and
general manager of the Youth's Directory,
on Valencia street, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth, delivered to B. R. Foss, ex-
School Superintendent of Piumas County,
the soundest thrashing in all probability
he ever had in ail his lite.
The deed was done in defense of little
l'ercy Foss, the 6-year-oid son of the man
that received the trouncing. It is not often,
perhap?, that a member of the clergy rinds
it necessary to enter the arena of pugilism,
and the genial-mannered Father Crowley
is the last man, to all appearances, that
would do so, but while he was at it the
muscular priest executed the task in a
manner that would have gladdened the
heart of Professor Robert Fitzsimnions, as
Foss' countenance weil attests.
In 1894 Foss was Supeiintendent of
Schools in Piumas County. While occupy
ing this office he emb. zzled certain school
funds and tied to Honolulu. His where
abouts were discovered, and t:ie proper
extradition papers having been issued, he
was brought back, tried and convicted and
sentenced to two years' penal servitude.
After serving from June to October he was
pardoned, and went to Honolulu to rejoin
his wife.
About four months ago, according to the
tale told by his children, his wife lett him
and returned to California on account of
the way In which Foss treated her and the
children. The little ellows ii> question,
Willie. Wilson and Percy, aged respect
ively 12, 10 and b" years, were taken to the
Youth's Directory by the mother. They
have been attending the Marshall Pri
mary School on Mission street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteentn.
About 1:15 p. M. yesterday Wiilie, the
eldest, came rushing to Father Crowley at
the directory, stating that his father had
come and taken Percy, the youngest,
away apainst bis will. Mrs. Walker, the
principal, he said, wished him to come at
one?.
Father Crowley hurried after Foss and
overtook him on Valencia street, Detween
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Littie Percy
was crying bitterly as his father led him
along. The priest at once demanded by
what authority Foss thus took the child
away by force.
"Because he is my child," was the
answer, "and I don't want him under the
care of any Roman Catholic priest."
Father Crowley cautioned Foss against
using such language on the street, when
the irate parent poured forth a torrent ot
abuse and vile epithets and struck the
priest in the face.
Although he had remained perfect
ly quiet under the abuse, this blow
was the "last straw," and Father Crowley,
in a fit of righteous indignation, sailed in
with nis fists. When Foss' countenence
became the prototype of a raw beefsteak
he lustily yelied, "Enough ! enough I" and
his conqueror desisted from any further
pummeling.
By this time an immense crowd had
gathered and the excitement was at fever
heat. Patrolman Folsom was attracted
by the size of the assemblage and, run
ning up, took the combatants, accom- !
panied by little Percy, to the Southern
station. The priest there related his story
and was promptly released. As he refused
to preier any charge against Foss the
latter was released also, and little Percy
was sent back to the Marshall Primary.
Lieutenant Burke was very reticent as
regaris the matter and refused to make
any statement of the facts, referring the
interrogator to Father Crowley at the
Youth's Directory.
"You don't know how sorry I am thi3
occurred," said Father Crowley. "as it
places me in a very awkward predicament
to be obliged to pose before the public in a
bellicose role.
"But .here is one matter I wish to ex
plain. When a child is placed here, it
makes no difference whether by the
father or the mother, that person is re
garded by us as the child's custodian, and
the other parent is not allowed to inter
fere with it unless the courts decide that
such parent is the proper guardian.
"We take good care of the little one, the
religion of its parents cutting no figure in
the matter. When the parent that places
it wishes to remove it, well and good.
"1 was not surprised at what occurred
to-day, as I heard a few days ago that Foss
had declared his intention of blowing both
mother and children out of existence.
Before be struck me to-day he threatened
to uae arms on me, and I watched him
carefully, but at the police station he was
found to be unarmed. The man was per
fectly sober."
The children were here sent for and cor
roborated Father Crowley's story in full.
They also said that in Honolulu their
father used to beat and otherwise abuse
them and once threw a lighted lamp at
their mother.
"I put water in the whisky he used to
drink," piped little Wilson, "and when
Papa discovered it be threw it all over me."
Airs. Waiter, the principal of the Mar
shall Primary School, states that when
she remonstrated with Foss he said he
was shortly going to teach school in Ala
meda County, and, as he was an A. P. A.,
NEW TO-DAT.
TacelauT
AND
bleeding
, My. little boy -was afflicted with Eczema in
•cute form for a year, during which we tried
without success every known remedy. The dis-
order appeared on the right cheek and was of a
bliftery and bloody form. His pillow, mornings,
would bear the bloody imprint of the side of his '
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the itching.
Advised to try Ccnctnu, I bought a box. ' The
first application was made at night, and it is a
fact, that the appearance of the affected part*
■bowed a noticeable improvement the next morn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
my child ha* as fair and smooth skin as can be
found anywhere. .
W. 8. NEEDHAM, Pataskala, O.
Bpkedt Coits Tkkatmiict. — Warm bath*, with
Coticuba Soap, e*ntle applications of Ci'ticuba (oint-
ment), the (Teat «kin cure, and mild dosea of Cuticuba
Resolvekt, creatut of humor cure.. -
9old throughout the world.' Pnee, Cuncinu. Me.i
Soap, 25c. ; Risolte^t. Me and (1. Pottbb Dsd»
Ann Cbim. Coup.. Sole Prop*., Boston.
.. «T" "How to Core Ererr Skin DisetM." mailed fm*. i
did not want his children in a Catholic
school. He endeavored to persuade the
two elder chi d.ren to go away with him,
but they refused.
THE CHURCH WILL OPEN
The Key. Mr. Adams of St. Louis Will
Take Temporary Charge of the *'ir«t
CoNgregational Flock.
Next Sunday the pulpit of the First
Congregational Church will be supplied,
and the adherents and opponents of the
Rev. Dr. Charles O. Brown, the late pas
tor, will have a chance to listen to the
Rev. George C, Adams, recently of St.
Louis.
After last night's prayer-meeting the
First Congregational Society heid a spe
cial session, Deacon Dexter presiding.
Letters of transfer were granted to Mrs.
W. K. Benjamin to the Union Church of
Belvedere and to M;s. May S. Morton, who
will henceforth worship with Dr. Macken
zie's flock on Van Xess" avenue.
Deacon Dexter read a report condemn
ing the wild statements published regard
ing the church, and expressed a hope that
such publications might soon cease. He
also announced that regular services on
Sundays and Wednesdays in the church
wculd be resumed.
Deacon Morse read several letters to and
from Mr. Adams, and a telegram wherein
tbe reverend gentleman said hft would
arrive here in time to preach on Sunday.
Meanwhile it was judged prudent to
request the trustees to defer their proposed
resignation until Mr. Adams' visit.
A secret session of the deacons and
standing committee was heid after the
public meeting and arrangements were
made for the payment of the Rev. Mr.
Adams during his occupancy of the
pulpit.
HOUSE TO HOUSE
The Health .Department Xx plains a
Recent Measure to the «.i-n- '
eral Public.
At a meating of tbe Board of Health
last evening a resolution was adopted ex
plainine to the public the reasons why
the Police Department has been called
upon to make a house-to-house inspection
of the structures of this City, and asking
the citizens to assist the department in
cleansing the City. The board expects to
accomplish much good by tbe new meas
ure and will use every endeavor to see
that no inconvenience is given house
holders. The press and public are both
requested to assist the Health Depart
ment.
KILLED BY A CABLE-CAR.
Simon Finn, an Oiler on the
Geary-Street Line, Crushed
to Death.
Apparent Carehssn ss on the Part of
Some One Causes Another Hor
rible Accident.
An accident of peculiar carelessness, in
which a man lost his life, occurred at the
Geary-street carhouse, on Point Lobos ave
nue, between First Bnd Second, yes
terday morning. Simon Finn, for four
teen years employed a? an oiler, was run
over by a car at 8:55 o'clock, receiving in
ternal injuries from the effects of which he
died four hours later.
Among the duties assigned Finn is that
of oiling the spur-track leading from the
carhouse to the main line. . He generally
got around to this work about 8:30 o'clock,
but yesterday was nearly hah an hour
late. This, however, was due to no fault
of nis, but to, more onerous duties else
where. In any event, Finn was lying on
the track, with his back toward the car
house.
It is customary at that hour to increase
tht number of cars on the main line, and
it was the first of these extras that brought
about poor Finn's death. The car was
run out of the house by two men, and had
gained considerable momentum when it
struck Finn. He was horribly crushed
about the chest and shoulder;*, and when !
examined at the French Hospital it was
found that he could not possibly recover.
Another version of the accident is that
a car coming from the City was switched
into the carhouse for the purpose of being
turned around. The conductor and mo
torman pushed it out backward and right
over Finn, who was looking in the direc
tion whence cars ordinarily came.
Finn was a single man. about 40 years
old. During the last ten years he has by
strict economy managed to save a snu^
little fortune, which ■will be divided
among half a dozen cousins and aunts
who reside in this City.
Alfred Smith, the eripman on the car,
surrendered himself at the Central police
station. He was booked on the charge of
manslaughter, and was released on his
own recognizance by Judge Lowe.
Smith said he did not know that Finn
was working in the hole, as his head was
below the level of the ground when the
car reached the hole.
= ' =
NON-PARTISANS IN LINE
Convention of Fifty to Meet to
Nominate a Local
Ticket.
George K. Fitch Chairman of the
Committee on Platform and
Resolutions
In addition to the regular and irregular
party conventions of the present cam
paign there will convene in this City next
Saturday evening at Golden Gate Hall, on
Butter street, a Non-Partisan convention.
This nominating convention, which is
called to place a local ticket in the field,
will consist of lifty members. In addition I
to the twenty-five delegates of the Non-
Partisan County Committee, twenty-five
new names ba?e been selected. Lasteven
ing Barclay Henley said that acceptances
bad been received from the new members
chosen by the committee. The conven
tion will therefore consist of the following
named delegates:
L. Altschul, Charles Ashton, L. A. Berteling,
Joseph Britton. N. P. Cole, \V. H. Cnm, George
dimming, P. G. Galpin, George A. Story, Stew
art Menzies, I.T. Miiliken, Benjamin Romnine,
William R. Snerwood, I. J. Truman, J. \V.
Whiting, George K. Fitch, Frank J. Sullivan,
C. B. Perkins, W. K. Harris, R. L. Rigdon, Bar
clay Henley, L. R. Ellert, A. S. Baldwin, E. M.
Root, A. B. McCreery, E. C. Piiber, B. Graves,
Frank A. Sw«in, L. H. Bonestell, William F.
>N ilson, W. C. Gregory, Lester Jacobs, E. J. Le I
Breton, A. G. Town.., c. S. Capp, M. V. Samuels, 1
O. D. Baldwin, Fred Zei c, A. Sbarboro. E. A.
Walcot, J. S. Webster, H. L Davis, F. A. Will,
Theo Payne, Colin M. Smith. Ernest DenicKe,
Jeremiah Lyncn, C. C. Burr, A. S. Hallidie,
Jeremiah Mahony.
It is not yet settled whether nomina
tions will be made for the Legislature, tut
Mr. Henley inclines to the "opinion that
only City and County officers will be
nominated.
A committee was yesterday appointed
to prepare platform and resolutions to be
presented to the convention next Satur
day evening. This committee consists of
George K. Fitch, chairman; Barclay Hen
ley, Frank J. Sullivan, C. B. Per Kins and
L. Altschul.
Writing tablets from 5 cents to 25 cents
each. Pictures from 10 cents to 50 cents each.
Writing paper and envelopes, the very best
and also the very cheapest made. Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896.
SIX OFFICERS
WILL HOLD OVER
This Is the Decision Now
Given by the Supreme
Court.
OTHERS TO BE ELECTED
Chief Justice Beatty and Justice
Temple Dissent From This
View.
SOME OPPOSING CONSTRUCTIONS
Summary of the Reasoning Which
Has Led the Justices Very
Far Apart
The decision of the Supreme Court con
cerning the tenure of offices in the City
and County of San Francisco was banded
down yesterday. The opinion was written
by Justice Harrison and was concurred in
by Justices McFarland, Henshaw, Van
Fieet and Garoutte. The following offi
cers under this decision will hold over
for the term of four years:
District Attorney.
County Clerk.
Sheriff.
County Recorder.
Coroner.
Public Administrator.
Concerning other officers it was held
that their term of office "and also of the
Judges of the Police Court and of the Jus
tices of the Peace who were elected at the
general election in 1894 has not been
changed by the county government act,
and that an election for their successors
must be held at the coming general elec
tion."
A dissenting opinion was filed by Justice
Temple, in which Chief Justice Beatty
concurred. The essential parts of the dis
senting opinion are contained in the fol
lowing extracts:
"We cannot, therefore, select certain of
ficers and say that they are county officers
and of other 3 ■ that they are city officers,
for all are municipal officers and munici
pal officers only. Therefore, if it be true
that the Legislature cannot in this mode
change the terms of the officers of the
ncers ana say that they are county officers
and of other 3 ■ that they are city officers,
for all are municipal officers and munici
pal officers only. Therefore, if it be true
that the Legislature cannot in this mode
change the terms of the officers of the
municipality, because that would be to
aiter the charter, this law can have no ap
plication to the City and County of San
Francisco. • * * In my opinion the
Legislature did not intend to ordain that I
some of the officers should hold office for
four years and others for two. there being i
no reason for the difference."
The reason given by the majority of the
court for their conclusions is summed up
concisely in the following paragraph:
"The District Attorney, Sheriff, County
Clerk, County Recorder, Coroner and Pub- !
lie Administrator are officers whose powers
Utd duties are given by the county gov- I
eminent act, or by other general laws, |
and do not derive any authority from the |
consolidation act, or exercise any function
in the municipal government of San Fran
cisco. These officers are, therefore, county
officers, and their term of office, as well as
the time of their election, are those pro
vided by the county government act."
The case, which will oe historical, was
entitled, Julius Kahn. appellant, vs.
Adolph Sutro et al., respondents. The
point at Imiu is thus stated:
The plaintiff brought this action to restrain
the Board of Election Commissioners of San
Francisco from calling an election for City
and County officers at the com inn general elec
tion and from incurring the expanses attend
ant thereon, claiming that under the provi
sions of the county government act of 1893,
as construed in the case of Hale vs. McUetti
gan, recently decided, there can be no election
for such oflicers until the general election in
1898. Judgment was rendered in favor of the
defendants upon a demurrer to the complaint,
and the rijaintift" hus appealed therefrom.
The question presented for determination is
whether the above act of 1893 applies to the
Cily and County of San Kraacisco, and the de
termination of this question depends upon the
character of that body corporate in its rela
tion to the other portions of the State —
whether It is to be regarded as a city or as a
county. One feature by which a city Is dis
tinguished irom a county, in this State, is the
sojree from which its authority Is derived.
The powers to be exercised under a county
government are conierred by the Legislature,
irrespective of the will of the inhabitants of
the county, whereas the inhabitants of a city
are authorized to determine whether they will
accept the corporate powers offered them, to
be exercised by officers of their own selection.
In Hamilton County vs. Mighels (7 Ohio
St. 109), the distinction between these two
bodies was given in these words: "Municipal
corporations proper are called into existence
through the direct solicitation, or by the free
consent, of the people who compose them.
Counties are legal subdivisions of a State,
created by tne sovereign power of the State, of
its own sovereign will, without the particular
solicitation, consent or concurrent action of
the people who inhabit them. The former
organization is asked tor, or at least assented
to, by the people it embraces; the latter is
superimposed by a sovereign and paramount
authority."
The court discussed the attributes of
"The City and County of San Francisco,"
finding that the attributes of both a city
and county are recognized by the consti
tution ; t at geographically it is one of
the legal subdivisions of the State ana in
that respect is recognized as one of the
counties of the State; and that politically
it is considered by the constitution as a
municipal corporation. Tha history of
legislation from the act passed by the
Legislature, at its first session, after the
adoption of the constitution, known as the
"McClure charter," purporting to provide
for the government of ban Francisco, was
reviewed, and the view was held that:
"The charter of San Francisco is made up
of the consolidation act and tt.e amend
ments thereto, together with such other
statutes relating to the government of the
City and County, or conferring powers
upon its offioera, as were in force at the
adoption of the present constitution."
Concerning the creation of San Fran
cisco and its status the court was of
opinion as follows:
The City of San Francisco was created and
its limits defined by the act of April 15, 1850
(Stats, of 1850, p. 223), and section 2 ot that
act declared that "The inhabitants of the City
of San Francisco, within the limits above de
scribed, shall be and they are hereby consti
tuted a body politic and corporate in fact and
in law, by the name and style of the 'City of
San Francisco.' " Section lof the act 01 April
j 19, 1856 (Stats, of 1856, p. 145), commonly
I krown as the consolidation aci, by virtue of
! which the present corporate character of San
Francisco exists, declares, "The corporation or
body politic and ■corporate now existing and
known as the Ciiy of San Francisco shall re
main and continue to be a body politic and
I corporate in name and in fact, by the name of
The City and County of S >n Francisco, etc."
The effect of this legislative action was
merely to continue with extended boundaries
and additional powers the City of San Fran-
Cisco, which had been Incorporated in 1850;
and, although the provisions of the charter
were, in many respects, appropriate for a
■ county, the corporation thus created remained
a city under a different name, but the inhabit
ants of me territory thus brought under the
provisions of the city charter were not in
veated with county government. (People vs.
Supervisors, 21 «a 1..668; Wood vs. Election
Commissioners, 58 Cab, 561.) Section 8 of
article XI of the constitution, as originally
adopted, provided that any "city" containing
a population of more than 100,000 inhabit
ants might cause a freeholders' charter to be
iramed for its own government.
Under this provision of the constitution the
inhabitants of San Francisco elected a Board
NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. _ !L-^.-,V— ,--- ,;^,. -,.-^ J,-,. - .. .r^^. .' .'-- ._'
6~61T66~6ir6 6 66666 6 6 6
l m FIRST LE^NS OF ECONOMY ■l"
* i mi ws*. ilsioslcouu 1 i 0 v r ci v v 1 « u IIS I Illitiiiil *
6ThTI Are those of saving. Getting things at Hale's is "p"j
? _^ economy practiced. Every dollar spent at our store 7<^, C 2
reaches the lim.t of its purchasing power. No enor- fT> \J
mous profits here to keep up the questionable repu-
6tation of exclusiveness. We sell to rich and poor d^
6 alike— at bargain-cut prices. a vJ? f\
S£i fli *' JL. ■ ■ * mJ _ j-^l wi m If f m m m J~* r 111 r^ / a 1 S v&%^(£n£S9Sß9 W^^BK^^^
EtJiL. j Jf^^y s \ _\\ "*V V ft -^^^^^ M\'* *i a 9 lit J' \^v» Jt lKw^ *■ A * v - 1 tfSs^^Hß&^Bß^B
6 Our doings Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday were only the expected returns of this week's great offerings. We anticipated a crowd. We prepared for a irreat **»,*** Kr^.
Our assortments were large. The expected rush came. Husiness was such as these offerings demand. ! ablesof sale goods ware turned "topsy turvy " ani the effect of ■ W 1
rush was evident. Last evening stocks were assorted, advertised lines were picked out. and now for the next three days we can safely say the offerings made in la«t <;••.. % J
day's papers will hold good for the balance of the week. New specials for those who came the first of the week. • ■ « s " uo in last san " V^
THURSDAY EXTRAS !
/C? These offerings are all new and in addition to quoted in last Sunday's papers. The values to-day are wonderful. /CJ
Y\ B IVI 3.1 1 \J YCX OrS i* 11160 IT * VjiOOQS LclS t« Wf
W r^oK^^jNEW SPECIALS IN I, *"* '6 ' .INEW SPECIALS IN i^^^^-; VJ
; SISf : FURNISHINGS. . extra. DRESS GOODS. j > E^x F< wW ; :
LADIES' FINE SOFT FINISHED MUSLIN DRAWERS, 4-Inch QQC TABLE DAMASK— o ,, wnnnM ..n .. . . ••• — ••••—•-.-............
6 embroidery trimmed bottoms two rows of three tucks each, the OU Bleached 58-Inch 80c BIiACK GOODS— A 50c line of Black Floured Mohair Suitings, all OKO r-i
regular 50c kind. Extra to-day... Pair kiud. TO-DaY new stuffs, In large stylish aesigns, 37-lnch. bright and lustrous. OO f^
- iwctra to-day Yard
LADIES' SUPERIOR Ml SLIN DRAWERS, a prand quality, 3 COC . . a : .i ':;.:;' . • *•"* W \
tucks of Insertion and an elaborate embroidery trimmed bottom, t/O I U/» pr irir nmn«_i' iui/. tt > «i m»..>. m. 1. -c i. c -". ■;•'•_"•■'■ V S
,he7scgrade. Kxtrato day........ ■_..: Pair ■ *>%* BLACK d »^^^^^*B.rw «^«[ ggo
SEE JiEXT SUNDAY'S ADVERTISEMENT. Yard. —
,^o. \ t, d .,^-™.«t7x.«, „ .„. - a ■ . ■ ' COLORED DRESS GOODS- A 38-inch Boucle Novelty Suitln?,
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, fine soft-finished mus- I — I comes from the 90c shelf, extra heavy weight. M*
lin, tucktd yoke, embroidery trimmed collar, CQC : myrtle, navy, olive, car.llnai, brow:), etc.? a t^%i
6 front and cuffs, a good value at 75c. special at OU EXTRA. EXTRA. black boncle stripe, woven over the colored sur- rno Hi
6»c, and extra to-day at Each pILLOWCABES _ 45x36 COTTON pjSXWrB _ face a fabric of the fall and early winter. Extra 59° \J
LADIES' WHITE MUSLIN GOWKS, good heavy inches, value 15c. Extra . width, dark colors, fie* *°-o.ay Yard
muslin, line tuck, d yoke, large embroidery turn- to-aay, • ures and stripes, 7c kind. . BROCADED SILK SALE— A lot of our dollar Black
down collar, ruffled aiid embroidery trimmed rrcC To-day Gros-grain Brocaded Silks to be sold, 522-inch, a /TCO .
cuffs, regular collar grade, special at 85c. Kxtra • O I O/* ■■ grand, heavy quality, guaranteed all pure silk, t O
to-day at Each I Vl/ A?-f%. Extra to-day Yard
LADIES 1 SUPERIOR WHITE MUSLIN GOWNS, Each. '♦-V* Yard. ' .- ' — . -_ '""
Princtgs shape, open embroidery trimmed front. v . . took for our Advertisement Next Sunday. #*
6 all-over embroidery tr turned col- ' — : — i fvtrx rrn4K« fyto » ft^^
lar. buttons on sicie, the fl 25 kind. (ICC 1 Wonderful vliues now Fall umrtmmr. ■
2far«ttSs;.VL» s£h e3ctr.a. extra. -^sr^ ™'^i iSSi/ffssK \J
COTTON BLANKETS- Whiteandgray, WHITE WOOL FLANNEL-28-lnch. NEW SILK WATSTS-A sale to-rt*^ .hirt ■
tA SS22£^SUf^IO P W**"^ *xtr..«MUy t 20c kind. To-day extra, * Cb ' **2JS?£$&%%& ffiUSftTti KS
kJnnm «> p!i P »-^%, iv the colors so popular this com- a&
bottom. SpedaK^ «eh QQ | £ ing fall, cheap ac *7. Our price $0-2
6 *?%&!£%: Arß ° DaCTRja... .. . E2ETHA. KSTRA. ""dt'.tSiU.'S; •>
inches wide, imita- " — uLd .'ur? S h' w\
a^«sS ni 2^ E3tTrLA, EZKIT3EI.A. E3CTH.A. 'X'i'iS?* 6 !^! IJ
bottom, good at 60c, TOILET PA PER-Crosscut kind, big HAIRPINS-All kinds in a box-big HAIR ORSAMENTS-Tortobe .hell lab^andVl 1 -*^^'
special 25c. v mc rolls. Extra to-day, box. Extra to-day, side combs to match. Extra io-dly, Sri™ »tien lit •
to-day.. <-<J ■ . . .. sizes 34 to 42, a lead-
" ' 4CROIL 5C Box. |8C Set. . -Kuft l^^. ™
II I 518.50 Each '.' f\
CTALOGU S. i __' ~ Z~ • ' " ; ■ \ " " \ : : - Bf^
Our Greaf Fashion Catalogue T >V "J" 8.1 T^T^ >_. , ~~ g R
Our Great Fashion Catalogue Jr±-^^ JL-i.xli . BROiS. (Incorporated), ■ B
now rea.ly for distribution .A con- I 1 I _tl_J | £I V C J ? % (T"n r>f*^T»r^/^Y»Q +/^^ > \^P
ci.ie yolume on styl-s and prices ■*■ ■*«■*■ -^- W HI II ■*—».■*■ V ,/k ,■ 9 m v -I — L ±. \^s (^_? J_ kJQj -L£LTj^3CLJ
:or fall and wlnur. Si. n,i your |Q3i7- ll Q^ s g- a^^^^^tKLES 1 ! 1 STREET
.dress and get a copy absolutely Q Q WJT m Q PJ TK/£ Jk.FLJ3Z.J±IT STREET
666 66 66 66 66 66 6 6 6 6
of Freeholders in 1880, and the validity of this
election and the power of ihe board to irame a
charter was ui>held in People vs. Hoge, 55
CaL, 612, upon the ground that under this
section of the constitution San Francisco was
a city. In Staude vs. Election Commissioners.
til Cai., 313, it was held that the i-ir.-vi.-ion> oi
section 4109 of the Political Code, as amended
in 1881, by which the time for the election of
city and c<>unty as well as other officers
throughout the Slate whs changed, were ap
plicable to Ktin Frandisco by virtue of the
clause in section 6 of article XI, that "cities
or towns heretofore organized shall be subject
to and controlled by general laws." It may
therefore be regarded as settled by the de
cisions of this court that the City and County
of San Francisco is a municipal corporation,
and in matters of government is to be regarded
as a city.
But, while the people of San Francisco are
thus to be regarded as. under a municipal gov
ernment, with the right to select officers to
execute the powers of that government accord
ing to the terms of its chirter, the territory
over which that government is exercised is at
the same time a county, and for those purposes
for which county officers exorcise authority,
not derived from the charter and disconnected
with municipal, government,* its officers are
properly termed county officers. Considered
m its political and judicial relations to other
portions of the State the officers elected by us
voters, to the extent that they exercise only
such powers as are given by laws relating
merely to counties and who do not derive any
of their authority fr«ro the charter, are «o be
regarded as county officers as distinguished
from city officers.
It is not possible to make a harmonious con
struction oi the terms "county," "cuy" and
"city and county," as they are used .in the
constitution. The term "county" is some
times used therein as a geographical subdi
vision of the State; sometimes as a political
division for the exercise of governmental
functions, and in the latter use, it is some
times employed as the equivalent of "city ana
couuty," and sometimes as distinguished
therefrom; and the term "city and county" is
sometimes used as the equivalent of "city."
San Francisco is distinctly recognized therein
as the geographical equivalent ot a county— as
in the provision for me election of Judges of
the Superior Court, and for ti e formation of a
district for the election of a Railroad Commis
sioner: and to bold that it is not a county for
any purpose| would render inoperative many
provisions of the . constitution uiid of the
statutes of the State; which have heretofore
been recognized as applicable to it, with the
result that unsuspected difficulties and per
plexities would arise in tne.administration of
justice.
Without enumerating many instances it is
sufficient to call attention to the fact that
there would be in that city no provision for a
Grand Jury or for a Board of Equalization, or
for the exercise of any appellate jurisdiction
by the Superior Court, or for the exercise ot
eminent domain, or for creating the lien of a
judgment upon real estate, or for the probate
of wills, or ior filing articles of incorporation ;
and the practitioner will readily perceive
the confusion that would result in criminal
jurisprudence, as well as in civil practice, if
the City and County of San Francisco is to be
excluded wherever the term "county" is used.
The case of the city of St. Louis was
cited.
The Missouri case was held to be some
what analogous to the San Francisco case,
and the opinion goes on as follows, after
stating the facts concerning the extension
of the boundaries of San Francisco, etc. :
Title II of part 4 of the Political Code is de
voted to "The Government oi Counties, and in
chapter 3 of that title are found provisions
designating the officers of a county and pre
scribing their powers and duties. Until this
portion of the Political Code was superseded
by the coun'y government act it was the only
statute oi the State which defined the powers
and duties of certain officers elected by the
voters of San Francisco, and upon the enact
ment of the county government act that
statute alone became the source from which
these officers have derived their powers.
San Francisco is, thereiore, both a city and a
county, and although the boundaries ot the
two bodies corporate are coincident the elec
tors within this territory vote f-*r officers
whose authority and functions are derived ex
clusively from the charter of the city, and a.so
for officers whoso powers and duties are pre
scribed by general iaws and upon which the
cnarterMs silent. It must follow from this that
some of its officers are city officers and others
are county officers. There is nothing unusuai
or inconsistent in this.
It would not be contended, if the city was
only a portion of the county or if the county
should be composed entirely of incorporated
cities, that the State would be precluded from
au:horizing the election by the voters of the
county of officers to carry out those provisions
of its Uws which pertain to the State at In rue,
and which have no connection with munici
pal affairs, and -.his rule is not changed where
the couuty consists of a single ei.y, instead ot
several. Although the same body of voters
choose the different officers, the ;unctlons of
the officers chosen by them are distinct in their
nature, and the character of the officers must
De determined by the source of their authority
and the functions they are to exercise.
Section 5 of article XI of the constitution
declares: ''The Legislature by general and
uniform laws shall provide for the election or
appointment in the several counties of Boards
oi Superv.sors, Sheriffs, County Clerks, District
Attorneys, and such other county, township
and municipal officers as public convenience
may require."
In obedience to this direction, the Legisla
ture passed the couutv government act of
1893, declaring what county officers shall be
elected, in which are included those desig
nated in the above section, prescribing their
duties and fixing their term of office at four
years, tome of the officers whose election is
thus authorized are the same in name and
are given the same or similar functions as are
officers authorized by the consolidation act to
be elected in San Francisco, while others
whose election is authorized by each of these
statutes have no authority except that which
is given in the county government act.
On the other hand, the consolidation act
authorise! the election of several officers
wkm election is not authorized by the !
county government act. and who are not j
named therein as county officers. Those offi
cers whose election is authorized by each of
thei-e statutes, but who are required by the
consolidation act to perform the duties
therein prescribed, <so not cease to be muni
cipal officers because under the county gov
ernment act similar duties are prescribed for
county officers of the same name.
To the extent that these officers are a com
ponent part of the municipal government
they are municipal officers, and do not cease
to be such by reason of the fact that other
functions which pertain to county officers are
imposed upon them. The guaranty given to
the City and County of San Francisco by the
constitution of the right to continue its
government under the charter which it held
at the adoption of that instrument, until it
>shail adopt another, including the right given
by that charter to change its officers every two
years, if it shall so elect, cannot be taken away
by the Legislature under the form of imposing
upon the officers certain functions exercised
oy county officers in other counties of the.
State, and fixing the term of such, county'
officers at four years.
But as the Territory thus placed under
municipal government still remains a county,
and is not taken out of the control of the State
for all purposes not embraced within the
scope of municipal government, the authori
zation by the Legislature of an election by
the voters of that territory for officers to carry
out tnese laws does not make the persons so
elected city officers. The constitution has de
clared that certain officers shall be elected
within each county, and, if San Francisco is a
county, the Legislature is authorized to pro
vide lor the election of these officers by its
voters, and is not precluded therefrom by the
fact that they are voted for by the electors of
the municipality at the same time with the
election of its municipal officers. Prior to
1876 the voters of San Francisco elected one
oi the members of the Board of State Harbor
Commissioners, but that fact did not consti
tute him a city officer.
The officers oi the City and County of San
Francisco are designated in the act of April 2,
18G6 (Statutes oi 18G6, p. 718) as follows.:
'There shall De elected hereafter for the City
and County of San Francisco, by the qualified
electors thereot, at the timts hereinatter men
tioned and in the manner prescribed by law
for the election. of State and county officers,
one Mayor, who shall be tx-oflicio President of
the Board of Supervisors; a County Judge, Po
lice Judge, an Attorney and Counselor, Pro
bate Judsre, District Attorney, SheritF, County
Clerk, Recorder, Treasurer, Auditor, Tax Col
lector, Assessor, Coroner, Puolic Adminis
trator, Surveyor, Superintendent of Common
Schools, Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares, Chief of Police, Harbor
Master and StatL- Harbor Commissioner. There
shall be elected in each of the twelve present
election districts of said cty and county,
which shall hereafter constitute municipal
districts and be designated and known in law
as wards, by the qualified electors thereof, one
Supervisor and one School Director."
The term uf office tor these officers was fixed
by the act at two years. The time for their
election was subsequently changed, and is now
fixed by seciiou 4109 ft! tne Political Code.
'Ihe offices of County Judee and Probate Judge
wero abolished by the constitution and that of
Hurbor Master b: statute.
The Police Judge has been superseded by the
Judges of the Po.ice Court, and certain changes
havi- been made in the mode of electing Super
visors. The Chief of Police and the State Har
bor Commissioner have ceased to be elective
officers. It will be observed thai this statute
does not declare that these are City officers, or
are officers of the city and county, but m< rely
that tnese officers "shall be elected for the City
and County uf t'<«n Francisco by the qualified
olectors thereof," leaving the character oi t:ie
officer, whether he is to be denominated a
county officer or a municipal officer, to be de
termined by the nature of the duties he is to
periorm and the source from which he derives
liis authority.
Of the officers above enumerated, the Mayor,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Attorney and Counselor, sometimes styled
City and County Attorney (see Stats, of 1871-2,
d. 232), Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares and School Directors
are not named in the county government act
as'county officers, and consequently cannot be
subject to the provisions of that statute.
Judges of the Police Court are not named in
the county government act, either as county
or township officer*, and no provision is found
therein relative to their duties or term of
office.
The Treasurer, Auditor, Tax Collector and
Surveyor are designated in the consolidation
act as officers ot the municipality, and are re
quired to perform certain municipal duties
which are not required from county officers
who are elected tor these offices in their re
spective counties. In addition to these duties,
the Treasurer is constituted a par* of the ap
pointing po.Ter for the License Collector
(Stats, of 1872, p. 736), the Auditor la made a
member ot the Board of New City Hall Com
missioners (Stats. 1876, p. 461), and the Audi
tor, the Tax Collector and the City and County
Surveyor are members of the Board of Election
Commissioners for the City and County.
(Stats, of 1878, p. 299.)
The Supervisers authorized by the consol
idaton act to be elected do not constiiute the
same body as that authorized by the county
government act, although they bear the same
name. Th.c Board of Supervisors authorized
by the consolidation act is for the government
of the city and county, and consists of twelve
members, while the Board of Supervisors
authorized fora county consists of only five
members, and exercises functions peculiarly
appropriate to a county, but has not the
authority required for providing for the wants
of a city. •
The Court discussed at much length the
status of Justices of the Peace, and the
conclusion is reached that:
From these considerations it must be held
tha.t the provision in the county government
act fixing the term of office of Justices of the
Peace for the townships into which the several
counties are divided at four years, does not
j apply to the Justices of the Peace elected for
the City and County oi San Francisco. We hQld,
therefore, that the term of office of the forego
ing municipal officers, and also of the Judges
of the Police Court, and of the Justices of the
Peace who were elected at the general election
in 1894, has not been changed by the county
government act, and that an election for their
I successors must be held at the coming general
I election.
The dissenting opinion holds, in ad
dition to what has already been indicated
by extracts, that the consolidated City
and County is a municipal corporation;
that the corporation brought into exist
ence by the consolidation succeeded to
the rights and liabilities, of both of the
| governments that were merged; that all
the officers were municipal and that in no
sense were some County officers and some
City officers.
\V> cannot, therefore, elect certain officers
and say thai they are County officers and of
others that they are City officers, for all are
i municipal officer-*, and municipal officers only.
I Therefore, if it be true that the Legislature
cannot in this mode change the terms of the
! officers of the municipality, because that
| would be to alter the charter, this law can
have no application to the City and County oi
San Francisco. It would not follow from this
that general laws affecting the powers and
duties of County officers would not apply to
the officers of the consolidated City and
County. The idea of a consolidated »rovcrn
ment of tlii9 character is that thereby the
State provides for the inhabitants of the in
cluded territory the benefit of a county gov
ernment. To do this effectually euch laws
must apply to t. c consolidated government.
As to the corporate existence of the muni
; cipality and the officers through whom the
corporate functions shall be discharged, no
reason exists why such interference should be
allowed, and if it were conceded that the
Legislature could so change the municipal
charter, we cannot presume that it was in
tended. It was not necessary that the act
shall include the consolidated City and County
in order that the law sbaU have a general and
uniform operation. Tne City and County of
San Francisco is not a mere county, but is I
recognized in the constitution itself again and
again as constituting a cl.iss apart. Oi course, j
if it is a municipal corporation, and therefore
the Legislature cannot tau chauee itscharter,
this point need not be further discussed.
A Missing Boy.
The police were notified last night of the I
disappearance of Henry E. Rose, son of A. H. !
Rose, 914^ Devisadero street. He was em
ployed at the Fulton Iron Works and left
home Monday morning to go to his work, but
he did not ream there and nothing has been j
heard of him since. He is 15 years of Mge, 5
feet 10 inches tall, stoopghouldcred, d^.rkj
i complexion and eyes and dark brown hair. I
What's that?
BARGAINS at ratmjen»s?
SPBOIAIT & Xi X]
THURSDAY— SATURDAY.
Butter..... square 40c
Choice Creamery. ;
Preserved Ginger. ....... pot 35c
regularly 50c
Cocktails. .-. — .... .qt bot 75c
Whisky, Martini, Manhattan,
Congressional, Vermouth and
Holland Gin.
. regularly $1.00
Vermont Maple Syrup .... .gal 75c
regularly $1.25
Mail Order* Receive Close Attention.
RATHJIJTBROS.,
21 STOCKTON ST., SEAR MARKET.
Telephone Slain 5533.
Branch : 3253 Filimore St., cor. Lombard.
Telephone "West 153.
WRITE FOR SEPTEMBER CATALOGUE.
Misses
MaidS ana
Mamas
Will find ease and ele-
. , : gance in our Shoes — the
comfortable fit and the
shapely grace that go
with the "elastic step."
You will also find econ-
..'-.. . omy — our prices are fac-
tory prices — no retail-
: ers' fancy profits.
MISSES' FINK SHOES, Kid or Cloth Top,
all of the kinds of material.... »1.7»
CHILDREN'S sizes, same shoe »1.35
.LADIES'- Fine Welted Tailor-made Shoes,
in Winter Tan Enulish Enamel Leather. ,-
Boxcalf, Full'Dongola and Fine V ic-.l
. Kid... .... '...:... 83.00. 84.00 and 85.00
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store close? at 6-.30 P. M. S^urdayj. 1 0 P.M.
! COSMOPOIjITAKr.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and" 102 Fifth St., Man
Francisco, Cal — The most select Jamil ir hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, *1 * 5 an « *1 50 per
! day according to room, Meals Joe Kooms 01)3
and 76c a day. ; -Free coach to and from the hotel.
.Looic tor the coach bearing ihe name of the Co*-
I mopontan HoteL Wit fAH-bY. Proprietor.
Ya^DEWEY&CO.^.
E s patents! 3
22Q MARKET ST.S.FSi^^