VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 104.
CALIFORNIA GOLD MINERS MEET IN CONVENTION TO CONSULT AS TO THEIR INTERESTS
Representatives Are Here
From All Parts of
the State.
SOME NEW LEGISLATION
RECOMMENDED.
Important Opinion Handed Down
by the Attorney-Gen
eral.
A QUESTION AS TO LEGALITY
OF CONTRACTS.
Important Report Off red by the Com
mittee on Legislation and
Suggestions Mad 3.
Cassasa's band played "The Arkansas
Traveler," "The Belle of the Mohawk
Vale," and other old-time airs redolent of
the American prairies, as the Miners'
State Convention Sled into Odd Fellows'
Hall yesterday morning.
It was fortunate that the music was
there, for the air was damp and chill be
cause of the drizzly weather outside, and
the hall was as gloomy as a cavern. Even
the lighting of the gas chandelier on
the stage would have emphasized the 1
gloom were it not for the music, which
drove away the darkness, the dampness,
- the rheumatism, the malaria and the
other demons of the air which guard the
hidden treasures of the gold mines from
the hardy miners of California.
This was so unmistakably the case that
when the band failed to make its appear
ance at the opening of the afternoon ses
sion it was found necessary to light nearly
all the gas jets in the hall.
It was a representative body that as
sembled yesterday morning. While the
majority of the delegates were miners, ;
there was a plentiful sprinkling of lawyers >
and millionaire, for every one knows that ■
w.ealth produces litigation ana that Cali
fornia gold mines produce millionaires.
Mr. Xeff, in calling the : convention to
order, said:
I congratulate yon and the cause of the min
ing industry upon the fourth assembly of the
annual convention of the Caiiiornia* Miners'
Association. lam pleased to see so many of
you here. It proves that interest in this asso
ciation is not lacking, but increasing, ana it
only remains to us to be true to ourselves and
to the interest tnai we are advocating that the '
great mining industry oi this const wll. come
.to the lore and that it Is, as it has been, one of \
the leading industries to carry on the pros
perity 01 this great State.
Chairman Neff appointed the following
committee on credentials: Judge Ira H.
Reed of Calaveras, J. S. Mcßride of Ne
vada, E. C. Voorheis of Amador, E. C.
Loftus of Tuolumne, Colonel George Stone
of San Francisco, T. J. Nichols of Placer,
James O'Brien of Yuba, Colonel N. E.
Pickett of El Dorado and L. F. Byingtou
■ of Sierra.
A recess was then taken until 2 p. m.
The first business alter recess was the
report of the committee on credentials, as
lollowe, which report was adopted and. 451
delegates were declared entitled to seats
on the floor:
'Nevada County— J. S. Mcßride, R. C. Wal
rath, Fred Zi;itler. W. F. Englebrieht, M. Bates,
E. J. Rector, J. S. Gregory, H. Lane, George
Niiell, Wii.iam Giffee, F. Eiler man, George C.
Taylor. M. L. Marsh, . "Will Fisher. George E
Turner, W. G. Richards, A. D. Matoii. J. M.
Mailing. J. J. Jackson, C. J. Brand, Charles
£iepp, c. H. Mallon, J. 11. Northwar, Niks
Bearls, VV Martin, Dahl X:re:is. C. Schuster
1). AlcGall, J. T. Morgan. Joseph Fetz, Gus
arty choke, Fred Searls, George C. Shaw F.
E. Wadsworth, N. P. Brown, E. Tilley.A H*
Walrath, Mat Foard. H. Pengeller", Peter
Tautphaus, F. Breckman, J. V. Her.uer
C. Jepson, L. L. Meyers, R. *D. Skidmore'
J. H. He:wig, W. Mub.ey, A. S. Biceiow p'
Curnow, Daniel Coffin, C.E.Wren, F. J. Daw
sou, Thomas Pierce, Alfred Tregidgo, H G
Parsons, W. F. Prisk, C. E. Clinch. Robert
Walker, Arthur Foot?, Joseph Weissbern
Samuel Granger, J. L. Lakemiin. John Glas
how, L. E. Phillips. M. Farreil, E. C. Culler
John Eddie, T. H. Willie m, George D. McLean'
Louis Dorsey, George Mainhart, D. h liarsiclc'
R. R. Porter. J. P. Malevilie, William Camp
bell. Edwi r .i Morgan, George Fletcher, James
HaskiDgs, M. Sproal, J. F. Kidder, M. C. Tar
tar, W. R. Eckart, James Bennalleck Sr. Wil
liana George, K. Liuder, J. S. Goodwin' L J
Graver. C. D. Eastin, H: Fritter, G. Ozalli "c"
Peach, O. Woebler, E. J. de Sobla, C. L. Miller"
R. A. Thomas. . '
•Placer County— Richard, John Lan
ders, P. C. Secar, William Rea Sr., Dr. B B
Brewer and J. W. ■ M. Me all, of Forest Hill-
J. P. Burchard, is. S. Vail, F. J. Horswell and
T. G. Downing, of Rocidin; Charles I) Aiers
andL.S. Moffith.of Bath; S. It Sprague H
Simons, M. R. Gleeson, D. A. Russell. John
Papa, Frank Papa, T. M chaels, Benjamin
Rossi. G. W. Cross, F. J. Adge and Seymour
Waterhousft, of lowa "■Hill; C. G. Kershner
G. R. Cowan, Harold T. Power, St. c. Nye
George Cooper. John W. Clark, John A. Fergu
son and. F. E. Colburn, ol Sunny South; M. T
Lawrence, F. 11. Bell, John Adams, J. M. Ful
weiler and CbarlesF. Reed, of Auburn; Jas. L
Gould, J. E. Doolittle, John Nlchoi:* Louis
Tetzlaff and Chris . Runckel, of Dutch Flat-
Morris Lobner, Henry Disque, Ivan H. Parker
W. A. Edinger.and Henry Lobner, of Coifax;
Allen Towle, Andrew R xiger, Joseph Dixon
and William Rodgsr, of Alta; William Rule, D,
31. Kent aud M. -Morgan, of: Mayflower mine;
F. chappellet Jr. r.nd Thomas Crosby, ot Eu
reka mine; G. S. San born and Charles E. Ma
son, of Yankee Jim: Charles P. Hoffman and
'W. W. Truesaell, o; Red Point; Robert Jones
nnd John C. Boggs, of Newcastle; Charles A.
Reed and Lorenzo Pillar, of Ophir; G. C. Hep
burn of Applegate; A. E. Moody of Gold Run. I
Plumas County— A. B. While, D. H. Birdsall,
B. W. Cheney, G. P. Cornell, J. H. Roberts.
San Diego County— T. E. Aubury.
San Francisco County— 6. K. Thornton, Sam
uel J. Hendv, J.M. Wright, Niles Searls, L. F.
R-.ichlinft, Louis Sloss.C W. Cross, Julian
Bonntag, . Andrew Carrigan, A. J. -Ralston,
Thomas R. Church, £. A. c her, Louis Glass,
Charles G. Yale,- s-amuel G. Backus, T. J. Par
son, Louis Janin," J. L. Leonard, George Stone,
A. F. C. Hasson, F. A. Huntington, T. J. Hal
• }orau, W. W. Montague. George Goodman,
George C. Sargent, B. D. Pike, , Henry Pechoir,
George Johnston, George W." Tomb, Alfred
.Holman.Calvert Meade, F. W. Edelston, Jacob
Frowenfeld, Ross E. Brown, Edward Colemnn,
John C. Co. eman, Charles Barber, Wakefleld
Baker. Captain W. F. Mills, fcquire , Mooney,
Charles Allenberg. Francis ■ Smith, A. V Foor
man, Tnomas Lally/ J. < 08. Gunn, Hugh
Craig, J. J. Newsom, I). E. Hayes. D. E. Miles,
Thomas Kirkpatriclc, Chares Watt, A. : Mc-
Lauguiin. 8. H. Tacy, J. Bermingham.
. San Bernardino County— F W. Edelsten.
Santa Barbara County— J. B. Treadwell. ; .'
Santa clara County — Charles C. Derby,
Robert R. more, E lard W. Carson, Richard
Pearce, Tnomas Wadey." \ -.-" '•■.._•.'■
I. Sierra County— J.M. Harper, Charles P.
1 Gale. Paul Meroux, H. W. Orear, J. W. Orear,
■ «. H. Squire, John Scott, S. Purdy, Frank R.
\ « ehe, Ed. F. W.he, Tirey 'L. Ford, Lewis >F.
\oyington, Louis Rosenfeld. Mason W. Mather,
-. 0. Jones, E. A. Miley.F.W. PaKe, James Mc-
Gregor. G. H. Campbell, W. F. Hanly. A. B.
Moulder, Claude T. Hamilton, P. Van Cllef,
J. Copel«nd, a. J. Meroux, Stanley A. Smith,
' J; A - Vaueh, J. F. Coudery. Daniei P.' Cole,
M. H. Mead. Henry Kiugdon, A. West ill,
Julian Sonnrag, Andrew . Canaan, Thomas
Kirkpatrick, 8. Spaidiu^ Sr.,W;F. Eschbacher,
John Costa, W. J. Holmes, Tiiomas H. Cross
The San Francisco Call
A Group of Prominent Mining Men and Others Interested in the Industry* Sketched in the Convention Hall
Yesterday*
J— J, E. Doolittle. 2— Robert Vandercook. 3— Judge CW. Cross. 4— Senator E. C Voorheis. 5— R. M. darken. 6— Colonel S. "W. Backus. 7— Judge Niles Searls.
8 -Judge J. M. Walling.
man. James S. Wiggins, P. R. Gardner, J. M.
Haven. I. T. Moouey. George D. Gray, Giles H.
Gray, Thomas E. Haven, J. H. Hickox, W. S.
George, G. W. Hughes, C. C. Mclvor, Henry
Rosenfeld.
Siskiyou County— Robert Nixon and James
F. Faraher of Yreka, A. H. Bar of Cailahans,
i Maj >r A. G. Myers and Martin C. Beer of Fort
| Jones. i
■ Yuba County— W. R. Meek of Comptonville,
; J. C. Campbell of Brownsville, James Nelson
I of Oregon House, Daniel Cettins of Dobbins
■ House, Wi Hum Jeffards of Browns Valley.
; Otto W oehler of Spencervitle. G. M. M. Ross of
; Browns Valley, James O'Brien. Thomas Con
i lin, E. F. Hoibrook, John McQuaid. W. W.
: Chamberlain. Louis Comath.C. C.Durham
i and Joseph Deniei of Smarts ville, O. C. Mayo
I of Comptonville. ,
Alameda County— J. S. White, W. R. Thomas,
T. W. Jeffrcs, A. H. Ricketts, S. B. Christy. B. ,
J. Benjamin, George Burbeck, W. E. Hale, G. I. '
i Taggart,.H. G. -Blaisdel, Dr. Kay Smith, F.
Chapielet, Mark Webber." Charles, G. Yale. W.
I C. Ralston, E. c. I^ofuit., E. C. Rieney, Warren !
i Chilling, Robert McKlliigan, Johnß.Eldridge. •
Amador County— M. J. McDonald, C. E. Pur- I
I rineton, C. E. Roberts, John K. Treghan, W. !
F. Kee-iey and John !B. Tregloan, of Amador '
, City ; E. G. Voorhies, Morris Bnun, John Ross, :
I W. E. Downs, S. N. K:,ight, J. K. T.t>bets, Wm. !
| Castle, W. J. McGee, John Tregloan, Jackson I
! Dennis, W. C. Randall and W. R. Thomas of
; Suiter Creek; W. F. Detert, John F. . Davis, i
i David Gutman, J. E. Dye, A. Caminetti, John
; M. Wright, L. F. Reichling; Colonel Ranlett,
, Mr. Bibo, E. A. Freeman, John H. Mclntyre,
James F. Parks and Mr. Sargent, of Jackson;
Robert Robertson, Dr. Thomas Boyson and W.
j T. J<nes, of Plymouth; Thomas W. Jeffers of
: Oleta; A. L. McWayne and J. H. Barney, of
' Drytown; James T. Wheeler and C. L. Uaskins,
| of Pine Grove; P. Clutes and A. Cassinelli, of
Volcano; Frank Frates ana J. U. Surface, of
i lone.
Butte County— W. E. Duncan and A. Ekman,
of Oroville. -
Calaveras County— lra Hill, Richard Parker,
W. H. Clary, A. J. Brooks and Sam E. Red
; mond, of San Anareas; T. T. Lane and W. C.
I Ralston,, of Angels: -J. J. McSorley and Mr.
j Burleson, of Moke. u;nue Hill; E. C. Loftus of
, Railroad; Mark B. Kerr and H. A. Messiiiger,
: of Gwin mine; J. Burt of Glencoe; L. F. Shep
; heard of Robinson's Ferry.
El Dorado County— J.'j. Crawford, N. E.
I P.ckett, Thomas Clark, J. M. Brown, G. H.
; Burnhum, J. F. Lanz, C. M. Weatherwax, W. S.
Mery, E. Bind, Max Mierson, M. Varazza, W.
I C. Root, J. H. Bradley and ,L. D. Greater, Of
! Placerville; A. H. Tenbroeck of Georgetown;
i D. W. Morgan and A. Blanc of El Dorado; 0. S.
j Buckbee, P. W. Williams and G. W. Harvey, of
I Shingle Springs; D, H. Jackson of Diamond;
:A. A. Wood of Newton ; E. W. Chapman of
Greenwood; W. ti. Husband of Kelsey.
Los Angeles County— F..W. Edelsten.
Chairman Wolff read his address, as
follows: *
Fellow-miners and Members of the Conven
tion: This assemblage oi ;he representatives
of the mining industry of California, entirely
unpolitical ana non-partisan in its character,
j is one <>i great importance, not only to this
j State itself, but to all others where precious
, metal mining in carried on. Circumstances
lorced us to take the lead in California in form
ing the first Miners' Association in the United
States, entirely free from all questions relating
to labor troubles, or strikes, or wages, and de
■ voted solely to the general interests in mining
i and the remedying of such existing evils as
j were detrimental to the industry. .
It is true that the original purpose of the
I organization was to endeavor to rehabilitate
i hydraulic mining in our own State, but it was
soon realized that the objects of the associa
tion must be broadened, and. in so widening
the scope of our work we ' were enabled to ac-
I complish objects of general benefit >to all
| miners, whether pursuing their occupation in
I California or other States of the Union. In
■ this way we were in a position to demand and
receive the assistance before Congress of the
representatives from other mining States,
through which means more has baen accom
plished than nad we carried on our work
single handed.
Within the past two years another Miners'
Association, similar to ours, has been placed
on a working basis in the Northwestern States,
including Oregon, Washington and Idaho, and
our fa;ow-mint:rs in tho-e regions are pre
pared toco-operate with us and assist in carry
ing out any proposed measures. With the
backing ol these thousands of miners forming
these associations, we are in a position to
receive a respectful hearing before Congress
or the Legislatures, with some reasonable ex
pectation of having what we ask granted.
Beiore the formation of this association- the
individual miner was left to his own resources.
I No matter how much cause of complaint he
might have had, or under what injustice he
I might be suffering, his single-handed efforts
; before the courts, the Legislature, the land
offices or Congress, were scarcely heeded, and
he could accomplish nothing. One man fight
| ing for relief from obnoxious laws or depart
ment rulings, and demanding a change, would
not be recognized as representing an industry
but when ail of the class identified with that
industry band. together in a common cause
and through these representatives demand
relief, '.; the : department, the Legislature and
Congress itself must listen to their appeals and
give consideration to their requests, Under
these circumstances the American people, who
are more powerful than these : bodies of their
own creation, will < make themselves heard
where the cause is just, as was ours, and their
influence mater. ally aids in the accomplish
ment of the desired ends : ; : . • > •- -
-Believing as I -do in the future of this or
ganization and its continued power lor doing
good to the mining industry, I have thought
li proper to recite as briefly as may be some of
the facts connected : with its earlier history
ana formation, since I am familiar with them
from the fact of -having h«d what 1 consider
the distinguished honor of having been chosen
chairman of the first : meeti g in Placer
j County, where the start was 'made, and the
first president of the resulted Caliiornia Min
ers' Association. ' •.v ■; ■: ... . ..? -'.■_. '- : - .» ■■'
: 'Being about to retire to the ranks and leave
the leadership in abler and younger hands, it
is well to call the attention of. -those oi you
. who have , swelled our/ranks to thousands
■^■iJmiMmiwniwi— mil Tim i innim n iirflmliinfii '«mi—
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
from a mere corporal's guard to the condition I
of affairs as it was when we began, and to |
those persons through whose early efforts this
great h.-s elation was mane possible.
In 1891 Thomas B. Everett, a Placer County
miner, who, like some thousands of others,
had been having hard times of it with the
closing down of the hy<irau ie mines, sug
gested to J. A. cher, editor of the Auburn
Herald, the idea of calling a miners' meeting
at Auburn, with a view of holding a county i
miners' convention, and ultimately one of the
miners of the whole State, to cousider the con
dition oi the hydraulic miners and. ii possible,
afford them some re ief. On the 18th of No
vember, 1891. this meeting was held, and re
sulted in the Placer County Miners'conven
tion at Auburn, November 28," to prepare for a
State convention to be held on January 20,
1892. ■ j
Among other things a committee was ap-
I pointed to isKue an address to. tno people of
the State calling Rit«ruion to tilt: clp;Jorahl" ■
condition of ihe"xatii>ig'*'iiKlusrry ; «:.<l the'
nessures of relief, desired. . This important
' committee consisted of Kussell L. Dunn, Dr.
M. Schaebel, J. M. Fulweller, George H. Colby,
I J. B. Hobson, J. A. Fiicher, J. H. Ni-ff, Charles
C. Yale,* Dr. N. Martin, D. W. Spear and A.
j Stevens. After two days' work the address
I was issued for publication in the newspapers.
j It was an appeal to the people of California in
behalf of the miners' cause and had the effect
of creating a favorable impression, which was
i borne- out by the results of the State Conven
tion. '
The standing executive committee of Placer
i County was given full power to promulgate
! the call and make the arrangements for the
i State Convention. This committee consisted
, ol Charles G. Yale, John- B. Hobson, B. F.
! .Hartley, John. Spaulding and myself. It so
| happened that Mr. Yale, who was at that time'
editor of the Mining and Scientific Press, was.
I the only man from Sun Francisco who at-
I tended the Placer County Miners' Convention,
j and he was placed upon the executive com
j mittee and entrusted with organizing the
work In . San Francisco. It was* realized that
■ without the aid of the people and press of I the
I metropolis of California little or nothing
could De accomplished. It shows what the
general ieeling was at that time against hy
draulic mining when it is stated that it was
I only with the greatest difficulty any one could
; be induced to take any leading p'irt in the
movement to rehabilitate it or give it any
countenance whatever. Mr. Yale was greatly
aided in ins missionary work by William C.
Ralston, Robert MeMurray, Thomas B. Church
and a few others, but though many promised
support, at the first meeting held to consider
the subject there were only sixteen men in
this great City who attended or paid any at
tention to the matter. -
Just think of it, gentlemen. In a State
founded on its gold mines, in a great City
built by the gold mines, filled with million
aires and merchants who had made their for
tunes in mining, only sixteen men could be
found at thdt time who. were willing to come
forward and lend their names and influence
toward relmbilitating a branch of the indus
try, fallen into decadence through adverse ju
dicial decision, and which had formerly
poured ten millions of dollars in new gold an
nually into the channels of trade in this City.
Here was an investment of one hundred mil
lions of dollars lying idle in our midst, unpro-
I ductive, unused and valueless. We were not
i about to ask to recommence our operations on
the iormer basis and permit our tailings to go
where they won. d— into the rivers or onto the
farming lands. That time had passed, and no
one recognized it more than ourselves.
Poverty, distress loss of property, litigation
and bitter controversy were hard schools of
experience, but had been ours." Idle men, de
• serted mining camps, crumbling ditches and
reservoirs, rusted pipe lines, empty dwellings,
abandoned diggings and the almost depopula-
I tion of what had ueen formerly prosperous
mining sections had brought despair to thou
sands throughout the mountains of California.
Their only gluam of hope lay in a recently
I published report of a commission of Govern
ment engineers, the first favorab.e sign for,
years of the possibility of resumption of opera
■ tions in the hydraulic mining regions. They
I were about to meet together to ask the people
j of the City and the State for their assistance
i before Congress in favor, of measures looking
to the relief of this great industry, once so pro
ductive, now fallen into decay. And yet what
a beggarly gathering in numbers was this first
meeting in Sau Francisco to inaugurate such
a movement. It is scarcely conceivable in the
light of what followed, and .was discouraging
in the extreme.
So bitter had been the controversy on the
debris question and so long continued the liti
gation that a strong prejudice existed against
the hydraulic miners wnich was streiigtimced
by their having lost the fight in the courts.
The great opposing influence of the successful
and powerlul Anti-Debris Association of the
valleys had fostered this prejudice »nd in
creased it. The growth in power and wealth
of the agricultural interest* of the State and
the * decadence ■iv ; the mining - industry, due
greatly to the enforced closing down of these
very mines, had caused many to throw their
influence against the miners' side. The press
was either actively . opposed to the miner or
silent regarding him and his industry. Public
opinion was not in his favor.. It was thought
that agriculture ana horticulture had . almost
entirely supplante 1 v the scare • for gold, and
these were the reasons for the small success of
our first efforts in San Francisco.
.But thos who bad tne; work in hand were
not dismayed. As one who was appointed a
delegate from Sau Francisco to the State, con
vention declined or few dropped aside another
was cheseu in his place, until final, y the full
quota was obtained. In the mountains they
were eager to come and no man resigned, for
they realized all there was at stake. ; - ■
;r Finally, on January. 20, 1832, the first State
convention of tne miners ol California was
held in San Francisco, and was an overwhelm
ing tsucce«s. - There was a complete revulsion
oi popular feeling. - Even our old enemies, the
valley men, held .out a.hel|-iuir hand on be
coming convinced of the sincerity of our In
.tenuous and our desire to resume the mining
.work only where the conditions-, were % such as
to permit it being carried on without material
injury to the- navigable streams or the lands
along the banks. \ The resolutions : and me
mortals adopted by the convention were digni
fied and conservative, recognizing the rights'
of others as well a? our own, and the speeches
made by prominent men were! of a nature to
assure the public of a cessation of the long
continued controversy and an amiable settle
ment of sting differences. Care was taken
in the appointment of the more important
of the committees to select conservative men
and to piaco' upon them not only the miners
but representatives of the valley interests as
well, that there should be lull and free dis
cussion of the subjects and that both interests
should have voice in our deliberations. That
the course and policy was the best was proven,
by the results obtained.
As an instance may be cited the case of : the
committee on memorial charged with the
duty ot pr -par ing a memorial to Congress, in
j which the hydruu.ic mining situation in ca»l
-| fornia should i..». ft >orth and measures of re
lief suggesu- • - -.v;<s the important com
tntu*'? pi ■i'fcJc* %v^3-'io% for palcXs.,fSJOiiurio-
Hal c^'iM •jKI-rtfctoil «?hlch wonid i-- i.fisfnc- |
tory to iw3ii J. both mountain an 1 valley their •
differences could not be well adjusted at that
I time and controversy instead of amity would
i result. This committee consisted' of twenty
five members, miners and anti-debris men be
ing both represented. After a long utscussiou
of the points involved it was finally decided
to select two men, one representing each in
terest, to draft this important document, and
they were leu to themselves to do this work,
the rest ot the committee retiring. Robeit T.
Devlin of Sacramento, the attorney of the
Anti-Debris Association, was selected on the
part of the farmers and Charles G.Yale of San
Francisco to represent the miners of Califor
; nia. It was the first time in years that the
representative! 01 these two contending fac
tious had been brought together on friendly
terms and with a common object in view. S.»
j amicably and well, was the work performed
j that the committee reported favorably on the
I memorial at once andXhe convention adopted
I it unanimously.
It was the expression not only of the miners
of California, but ot the farmers as well, and
formed the basis for the measures of relief
I enacted by Congress/which once again set
j our ditches flowing, our giants pouting,
I opened our golden streams and rehabilitated
| the almost dying hydraulic mining industry
oi California.
' Unity 'of action and fair-mindedness
achieved a victory where individual effort,
controversy and litigation had failed. Of al
most equal importance was the committee on
resolutions, which should tell the people of
the State what our intentions and desires
were and how we expected to accomplish our
ends. And, moreover, another important
committee had to arrange for the permanent
| organization of '.he California Miners' Associa
tion. I want to recall to you here present the
names of the. chairmen of -these three repre
sentative committees of our first convention,
because so much depended on their work and
because they d.d it so well. C. W. Cross was
the chairman of the committee on resolu
tions, Tirey L. Ford of the committee on
permanent organization and Cnarles C.
ale of the committee on memorial to Con
gress.
When our first convention adjourned and
we organized the California Miners' Associa
tion we at once realized that we had the
assistance and -moral support of the people
and the press of the State. We were given a
backing far beyond what was even expected.
Tke- Chamber of Commerce,, the Board of
Trade and Board of Supervisors of San Fran
cisco passed resolutions indorsing our me
morial and oar objects,, as did the Boards of
Supervisors throughout the interior counties.
The merchants aud manufacturers ot this
city were wonderfully liberal in their dona
tions of needful money to carry on our- work,
and money came. from other places as well.
The different county miners' associations re
sponded liberally to our call for financial help
and the Caliiornia Miners'. Association was'
fairly and successfully launched, with public
favor enlisted in its behalf. -■ ' . . ■ «
For these results we are largely indebted to
.the press of this City and State, for had it not
viewed our efforts with: favor, we could not
have gained popular approval. * To the editors
of California the mineie of the State owe < a
debt of gratitude almost- beyond measure.
The Mining and Scientific Press, particularly,
has always been our friend. . . . -
; And the miners are under heavy obligations
also to certain gentlemen in*- this association
who toiled early and laic in their behalf with
out expectation or desire of reward." As your
president and a member of the various work
ing committees I 1 know that our objects could
not have been carried out without their active
and intelligent assistance. It would' be im
possible to name all who have been helpful: to
us in carrying on the executive work or upo:i
whose advice and assistance I have so largely
depended. But promindnt among them have'
been your secretaries, William C. R«lston and
Julian Sonutag. Both of these gentlemen have
performed a large amount of gratuitous work
lor the association, for which we owe them our
| hearty : hanks. Both have: been enthusiastic
in behalf of the cause and tireless in their el
forts. We have hail the best of legal ta.eiu to
aid and counsel us in our labors, and without
compensation of any kind ; and I desire to re
turn my sincere thanks to them for the many
favors conferred on me as your president. - -\\ '"
During our : early organization C. W. Cross
gave us most material aid in many ways sug
gested by his professional experience and
knowledge relating to hydrauiic. mining and
the litigation connected with it, and* he con
tinues to assist us to-day. • Tirey L. Ford, as
chairman of the committee : on legislation
Mil Co we commenced our work and as our
Representative before Congress at the last ses
sion, has been absolutely uutiriug in his zeal
for the interests of the ', miners of the ; State.
■ I i : is unnecessary :to elaborate on ' his report 1
and the valuable information it con tains, for
copies have been placed in the hands of each
of you. , Mr. Ford's individual work in i our
State-Legislature has given us laws ol the ut
most importance ; to < the hydraulic miner,' and
his advice nd assistance have been freely given
on all occasions. A. H. Ricketts did a splendid
work for us as chairman of the Committee on
Mineral Lands us our attorney, in Washington,
and ire- ly donated a large amount of bis valu
able time to our .cause. Among other attor
neys who have materially aided us with their
gratuitous professional advice are J. M.Wright,
E A. Belcher, J. M. Walling.
i We should not forpet ex-Governor Markham,
who. as the chief executive of this State, first
called the attention of the Legislature and the
people of California to the deplorable condi
tion of the hydraulic mining industry, and
(suggested that measures of relief be instituted.
The gentleman who acted as manager of our
successful mineral exhibit at the Midwinter
Fair. Edward H. Benjamin, also placed us un
der lasting obligations for the use oi his name
in the protests to prevent the railroad com
panies from patenting mineral lands.
. In the early days when we were struggling
hard with the Canunetti act, Niles Searls,
John Hobson and Robert McMurray fought
ably for vi before the committees of Congress.
In the collection of necessary funds we have
been greatly aided by Samuel K. -Thornton,
Louis G.ass, W. W. Moutague, Dan T. Cole ; and
others. -■," . ?-.' \l"'^. '■ ■'■•-■•-. ' ".-.■.-• ' & JC'-.-'-r 1
. The 3j*r«i pi Trade of San yranciteo, more",
.than any otner (-.ingle body, has meed our :
hnanctal internets, and helped brin; light to
many dark days with us.- Among other active'
and tireless worker* in our behalf have been
John MeMurray. Harold T. Power, Thomas R.
Church, Edward Coleman, Andrew Carrigan,
S. B. Christy, S. J. Hendy, Charles F. Hoffman,
J. F. Parks, R. R. Grayson, E. C. Lottus, Heary
Pichoir, Felix Chappelet; R. C. Hart. E. W.
Chapman, W. R. Thomas and James O'Brien.
; I should be : derelict in .my duty did I not
mention specially the very intelligent and
constant • services performed by ■ one who is
best known to us all as -'Charley" Yale. As
one of the organizers of this - movement in be
half of the miners of California, he has been
one of my most valued assistants on the execu
tive and other important standing commit-
I tees,' Mas never l altered in his zeal, and never
failed to do any amount of work for which we
called upon him. - With a thorough knowledge
of the subjects before us, and a ready pen, he
has not only greatly assisted us in 'the prepara
tion of numerous important documents, reso
lutions, etc., but has ably fought our battles
in the public press, and helped to enlist its in
flusnee in our behalf. The conservative and
successful policy csiried out in the adminis
tration of our affairs is largely due to bis ad
vice and metnod of bringing them before the
public in the beginning. I ireely acicnowiedge
my own obligations for his valuable assist
ance in many ways, an.l assure you that he
deserves the thanks of the Association of the
Miners of California. ' • ::. .
. I undertake to say that no organization has
ever accomplished such important results with
such small expenditure.' No officer of the as
sociation has received one dollar from the
treasury lor professional services, nor has any
one else connected with the management of its
a flairs. .
- Being about to retire from the presidency of
your association I have thought it my duty, as
it la my pleasure, to recall ' to you the names
of those more prominent in the conduct ot its
affairs in the past since I have been in a posi
tion to see and recognize the services they
have performed. I de-ire to return my sincere
thanks to all of them for the many lavors ex
tended to me as your president, and thank
them also in behalf of the association, to
whose • success they ■ have so largely contrib
uted. As to the future of this association I
have every -confidence in it. There are many
measures which will be of benefit to the min
ing industry of the State which still demand
consideration -at your hands. Prominent
among them are the needs of a representative
of the mining industry iv the councils of the
Nation, for there should be a Secretary of
Mines in the Cabinet, that our large and grow
ing interests should be guarded. Moreover,
closer at home; there should be in the State
University; where there is already a college of
mines and professors of mining, one or more
representatives of the mining interests in the
Board of Regents. . ; - ,' ■ . -,':.,• ■
. • You should continue «to ', lend '■ your • moral
support aud influence to the maintenance of
the • State Mining Bureau, which is now doing
useful work iv behalf of the mining industry
of ■ the , State. ; This, institution should Do fos
tered and encouraged in every way by all of
us. | On our mineral lands bill in congress let
us not falter or', hesitate. Public opinion is
with us in this matter, and Congress has been
"educated" Con :: . the question. • The measure
cannot fail of passage. We only ask that. the
railroad companies be prevented from acquir
ing any more mineral lands in this Slate,
which' were, by J their land grants, expressly
reserved for the minors. : Other lauds were
given them , for such mineral tracts set aside,
so they have no real cauxe of -complaint. It is
but just that the mineral lands, set aside as
the domain for the , miner and prospector,
should be kept for them as intended, and it
rests mainly with this association to contest
the false claims of the railroad companies,
have the lands properly classified - and : leave
the T mineral • for * the ' prospector of the future,
for whom Congress plainly intended it. ; \t -■
Numerous changes in the mining laws seem
necessary for the protection of the miner's in
terests and the proper conduct of his business.
All such proposed amendments » should ,be
cAretuily considered • by. your committee on
legislation before receiving the indorsement
of .this association, in' order : that when our
requests nua.ly come before Congress they
shall have been well thought out and properly
represent the desires of the miners oi the
State. ;>;vi, V: 'i ;;y>~;"-'; ;y>~;"-'o '■''"■.■. ■:"--• '.?""-' ;"'>.•>. '; ;' ' :■-
We are now :In a' better position to accom
plish t our ends . man : ever before. The asso
ciation is out <>f debt, and though we . have no
available funds they will "doubtless be f forth
coming wnen the necessity arises/ Tne min
eral lands bill, which, tailed of passage at the
last session oi i ongres-s, :is on file as "un
finished business" aud v will come up for con
sideration at the next session in December. It
cud .■•urely be passed if our members in the
House of Representatives - will take the j mat
ter in hand promptly. The appropriation of
$250,000 ', by t he i State and ;ot another $250,-
OOO ! by. Congress | are now. available an 1 ■ being
expended', in the improvement of the! river*
■ and the construction of ' dams to prevent fur
ther ," eucroachiue.it *of i, debris now in " the
streams upon.: the navigable portions. Many
: hydraulic mines are now being .operated un-
I der-tne provisions of the Caminettl law; and
] their ;.uumber. is daily :-iucr»'asing." We have
I 1I 1 now a Slate Debris* Commission,* which 'is co
now a Slate Debris ( ommissio; , which is co
operating with the Federal commission in the
conduct of the work of rehabilitating .these
mines. All these things are the direct results
of the efforts of this association. ••"' :
: I am sure that wo ought to all feel somewhat
proud of the result of our efforts in behalf of j
our chesen industry. Our experience shows
that it only needed united effort to accomplish
what was at one time supposed to be almost
impossible. The public and the press, then
misinformed, only needed to be intelligently
told of the .true condition of affairs and what
was necessary to remedy - them, when . their
sympathies were at once enlisted in our behalf
and we received their active assistance and
influence. And gentlemen, we have been true
to < our : promises. We have so succeeded in
conducting the hydraulic-mining business as
to work no injury to any man or any interest.
We have asked for no radical changes in the
law, but simply pressed the enforcement of
those existing. ■ Those . for . which we may ask
in the future are simply such as experience
shows are - uccassary* ior the progress of the
mining industry. Th« will interfere with no
one else's affairs in any way, and only relate
to methods of conducting our own business.
■I have great faith in the future of the min
ing industry of California. j This great indus
try is now advancing with rapid strides and
increasing its product between two and three
millions of dollars \ every year. Those noble
mountains which overlook our great valleys
and lorm the backbone of the State are daily
yielding their golden treasures to the enrich
ment of us all. More still remains bidden
ihßii has ever been taken out and there is
work for the sturdy miner for years to come.
The blows of his pick will resound and re
echo through those grand old canyons and
ravines long after all of us here present shall
have passed from the scene of our labors. Let
us hope that the work we have accomplished
aid what we are to. do to-day will bring re
sults from which the miner of the future will
derive a benefit and cause him to pause in bis
work and thank the Miners' Association of
California for what it did in his behalf.
A delegate offered three cheers for Chair
man Neff, which were given with a will.
\ On motion of Niles Searls the secretary
was authorized to have 5000 copies of the
chairman's address published.
\ A telegram was received from Marion
de Vries, Congressman-elect from Stock
ton, regretting that business would pre
vent his attendance on the convention. "'
Tirey L. Ford read the following report
of his work in Washington: : .
The movement for the rehabilitation of the
hydraulic mining industry, begun with the
formation of the California . Miners' Associa
tion in 1892, has steadily advanced in public
opinion, and has been favorably considered by
the law-making bodies of both State and Na
tion. The foundation for ultimate success has
been securely, laid, and. with united and de
termined action upon the part of those most
deeply interested, the final result should not
be a matter of serious doubt.
It should not be forgotten, however, that the
work is but fairly began, and that much yet
remains to be accomplished. An unfortunate
antagonism still exists in certain quarters,
though, happily, confined to narrow and ever
contracting limits. Our National Congress is
slow to recognize the importance of the work,
and is still in doubt as to the limits of its juris
diction in the premises. 'Added to all this the
miners of California are themselves not wholly
in accord as to the best means of accomplish
ing the desired results.
The first matter that should engage the seri
ous attention of the California Miners' Ass
ociation is that of agreeing upon a definite line
of policy to be ■ pursued by the friends of the
hydraulic-mining industry in their efforts to
restore it to its rightful station among the in
dustries of California. ■ Either the , policy out
lined by the Biggs Commission and amplified
by the Caminetti act should continue to guide
the association in the future as it has in the
past or a new policy, should be definitely
agreed upon that would bring harmony and
increased energy to . the cause. :As one who
has watched the cause through its various
stages and has given to It a considerable de
gree lof '> attention, your representative begs
leave to suggest that it would be well to care
fully consider any proposed change be.'ore de
parting from the policy which has" hitherto
guided the association, and to which Congress
is in a large measure committed. '. '■-..". .-. ■
. .With a : definite policy agreed upon, every
energy should be directed to a' proper present
ation of our case at Washington, whence must
come the final relief to which the miners of
Caliiornia are so clearly entitled.
Mr. Ford added that the report of neces
sity omitted something of the details of
the work at Washington. He desired 1 to
express i! his thanks to all those who had
done valiant service toward securing the
results that had been noted. •■: Never before
had they real zed clearly the results that
followed from the union of strength. - It
was at first a herculean task and miners
hail to be gathered from remote and iso
lated localities, accessible only on the hur
ricane deck of a mule. ;
The association had reached the turn- ;
ing point ol its career. By pursuing the
right methods the ruining industry would 1
dp known as it was never known beiore.
The y f had % secured lan ? appropriation of
$250,000/ unhampered xby a single condi
tion, for the benefit of the hydraulic-miner
and the farmer. Every ? member of the
Caliiornia delegation was entitled to the
heartfelt thanks of the association. The
miners' cause ■ had also ? received many ■
j courtesies fro rn^ Republicans and Demo
crats ou' the Congressional Committee, all
1 but two of ! wnom opposed the appropr a
tion. Th y were Barrett of Massachusetts
'■ and Cooper of Wisconsin, who, were of the
, opinion that vit was purely a private af
fair, and they fought it to the very end.
. Tue Secretary of War had given his. in
| R'ructions to the engineers, and at least
I $250,000, would be expended in the con-
I struct.on of . restraining " barriers , in this
J ■State;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The bill relating to mineral lands of
Calnornia was introduced in the lower
house by Johnson of California, but the
miners delegation wer- never wholly able
to convince Chairman Lacy of the entire
justice of their claim.-, but fortunately
they had some very able friends on the
committee. Amon^ them were Congress
man Bowers of California. Ellis of Oregon,
Wilson of Idaho and Mcß:te of Arkansas.
Mr. Ford added that the miners owed a
detnof gratitude to Senator Dv Bois of
I iaho, but for whose act of friendship it
wag a very grave question whether the
Dill would have ever emerged from the
Committee on Public Lands. Senator
Pascoe of Florida, Pettigrew oi South
Dakota, Berry of Arkansas, Caner of
Montana, were also good friends of the
bill. Senators White and Perkins of Cali
fornia performed some very tine parlia
mentary maneuvers in behalf of the bill.
"It seems to me," added Mr. Ford,
"that the wholesale denunciation of
Speaker Reed which has been indulged in
is wholly unwise and wholly unwarranted.
In the first &lace it is not the part of wis
dom to co with a club in your nand to the
men from whom you expect favors.
'This association should appreciate that
it is uncer a debt of gratitude to Mr. Reed.
When the outlook for our appropriation
was the most dark, and at tha tiaie when
the River and Harbor Committee had ac
tually voted not io include it, ia their re
port, Mr. Reed gave a number of our dele
gation a hearing, and being satisfied with
the justice of our cause, threw ihe whole
weight of his influence in our behali to
have that matter included in the river and
harbor improvement bill, a;id to-day yon
owe him gratitude for that $250,000 appro
priation. [Applause.] There can be now
no question as to the passage of the land
bill in the short session of Congress next
montb."
Mr. tord read the report of the commit
tee on legislation, as follows:
To the President, Officers and Members of the
California Mixers' Association — Gentlemen :
Your committee- on legislation begs leave to
make the following report:
Your committee begs to refer to its report
made to the association prior to its last annual
convention, in October, 1895.
Since that time there has been no meeting of
the Legislature of this State.
The Fifty-;ourth- Congress, however, met in
regular session in December, 1895, and con
tinued in session until June, 1896. • Your com
mittee, acting under instructions fiom the
association, presented to Congress four meas
ures for the consideration of that body. These
measures were:
I.
A bill intended to reduce the penalties pro
vided for in tlie so-calied Camineui act, being
officially entitled:
"A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to
create the California Debris Commission and
regulate hydraulic mining in the .Mate of Cali
fornia.' Approved March 1, 1893, by amend
ing section 22 thereof."
n.
A bill to amend the Federal mining laws,
with particular reference to the manner of lo
cating, holding and working mining claims,
and tne transier of contests as to the agricul
tural or mineral character of land from the
land otiices to the local courts, being officially
entitled:
"A bill to amend chapter VI, title 32 of the
Revised Statutes, relating to mineral lands
aud mining resources."
in.
A bill looking to the segregation of the un
patemed mineral lauds within the railroad
land grants in Cal fornia, locally known as
the mineral lands bill and officially entitled:
"A bill to provide for the examination and
classification of certain lauds in the State of
California,"
IT.
"A bill to appropriate money for the con
struction of works to impound mining debris
and thereby to protect the navigable streams
of Caliiornia."
For an account of the action taken by Con
gress upon the above measures you arc re
spectfully reierred to the report rendered Dy
your representative in Washington, entitled:
'■Report of Hon. Tirey L. Ford in relation
to his services at Washington in 1896 in be
half ol certain mining legislation," which has
been printed for distribution among the mem
bers of {he association.
Your committee is of the opinion that with
proper efforts the so-called "mineral lands"
bill above referred to should become a law dur
ing the approaching session of Congress, which
begins in December and ends in March next.
In addition to the work necessary to secure
the final passage and approval of the above
mitiv-'ral lands bill, your committee deems it
advisable that -whatever doubts now exist as
to the availability of the appropriation made
by the State of California through the Legis
lature of 1893, should bu removed at the
approaching session of our State Legislature,
which convenes in January next. The Na
tional Congress having made an unconditional
appropriation which fairly meets the terms oi
our State appropriation, the State can voW
well afford to so amend the wording of its
appropriation as to eliminate all conditions
and contingencies theretrom. This to your
committee appears to be oi cons.derable im
portance and si.ould engage the earnest and
immediate attention of the assoeiaiion.
Your committee mrther begs leuve to renew
its former suggestions that our Federal mining
law 3 should be so revised as to make them not
only harmonious but in keeping with the
j changed conditions since their original enact
ment. In this behalf your committee begs
leave to suggest that a work of such import
ance and magnitude should not be hastily un
dertaken nor left to the action of committees
already overburdened with other work. Your
committee therefore suggests that a special
committee be appointed, to be kuewn as the
committee upon the revision of the Federal
mining laws, whose du-.y it shall be to thor
oughly examine the mining laws of the United
States and other mining countries and to for
mulate and present to the association at its
next annual meeting a complete code of Fed
eral mining laws, to be presented to Congress
for action by that body. Respectfully sub
mitted,
John M. Wright, E. A. Belcher, A. H. Rick
etts. James 8. Farraher, Grant I. Taggart, Ross
E. Brown, W. W. Kellog, C. U. Hottniaiu.. R.
McMurray, D. G. Reid, Frank R. Wehe, Hugh
Craig, T. J. Parsons, Edward Colemau, com
mittee on legislation.
The following communication was read
and referred to the committee on legisla
tion:
The Northwest Mixing association,*
Spokane, Wash., Juiy 30, 1896. j
Miners' Association, San Francisco, Cal.: To
the cud thai science and. industry may be
more rapidly promoted without the increase
of cost the Northwest Mining Association
believes that a department of mines should be
created In the United .Slates Government as a
Cabinet office, and to obtain the consensus of
opinion on this subject this letter is addressed
to the leading scientibt^ and scientific institu
tions oi this country. We believe this depart
ment would promote.the mining development,
should embrace mining, geology, irrigation,
botany, paleontology, arehaejiOK'-, ethnol
ogy, etc.
Tne various bureaus relating to mining are
scattered through several departments. Geog
raphy is a subject much neglected as are
Of the pudding is in tne eating, and the won.
derful cures accomplished are sufficient proof
that
SarsapariHa
■ . I. ~*~ * ' " ' * ' " - ' .-*
s the Pest— in fact the One True Blood Purifier. :
Hood's Pills.gSSXU',?;. d S:
MINES AND MINING.
T ECTUK .UPOi: ABOVE SUBJECT/ iLLt'S-
-l-i trated-wi'.h stereopticon flash-li lit, etc., by
MAJOR -MYERS of m S k1 oa County, iv Odd
.Fellows' Hall, at 8 o'clock 11113 evening.2
the other sciences; therefore this association
believes it will be a matter of economy as well
as a means of stimulating and encouraging
more full and systematic development and
research.
You are aware that nearly all Governments
of first class have such departments, and in
your work you will know how little our
Government understands or encourages your
efforts.
We desire an expression from you on the
subject and trust you will make sucu sugges
tions as you may deem of interest to the pro
posed promotion of these objects.
We shall also count on you to lend your full
est aid when we bring the mailer to the atten
tion of the congress, which we hope to do at
the next session. Vary respectfully,
L. K. Armstrong, Secretary.
By order oi the committee.
Mr. Ford read the iollowing resolutions,
adopted by the Santa Clara County Min
ers' Association:
To the Officers and Members of the Santa Clara
County Miners' Association: Your committee ap
pointed (or the purpose of formnl&ting resolu
tions to be presented at the next meeting of
the California Slate Miners' Association beg
to report as fol.ows:
Vr'HEBEAS. It h%s been suggested by repre
sentatives of the California Slate Miners' As
sociation that there should be added to tne
Cabinet of the President of the United states
an officer to be known as Secretary of Mines
and .Mining, who shall exercise general super
vision over the mining Interests of this coun
try; and whereas, it has been further sug
gested and recommended that the office of In
spector of Mines should be esiabjisued in this
Bute for the purpose of fosteriufj aud pro
tecting the mining industry of California; and
whereas, we have been authentically in
formed that Jacob Keff, president of the Cali
fornia State Miners' Association, has expressed
his intention of retiring from that important
position, it is hereby
Rttolved, That this ussociatlon heartily and
unanimously indorse the appointment by the
President of the United Sates of a Cabinet
officer to be known as Secretary oi Mines aud
Mining; and be it further
Setolved, That this association consider it I
for the best interests au<i general eood and |
welfare of the miners of this State that there j
should be appointed by the Legislature of this
State, or otherwise, a:i impecior of mines in i
this Stato; and further be v
Hesolved, That we appreciate in the fjreatesi |
rtegree the gratuitous services renderea the :
State association, and thereby every mininz j
interest and miner in California, by Jacob
Neff and others, who have so graciously. Mi- :
untarily and without corupensstion tendered '
their services toward perpetuating the causi;
whose success we so earnestly doire.
Set'Ured, Tnat H is the profound and sincere i
wish of this association that Jacob Neff l^ in- ;
duced and persuaded to again accept tiie office
which he now fills with such universal aiuis
l&ction and credit.
James Carson (chairman), A. C. Innes, C. F.
O'Brie.n, K. J. Peakce, T. S. Lowell.
The resolutions were approved and
placed on tile.
Judge Walling of Nevada moved that
the thanks of the association be tendered I
to Mr. Ford.
Chairman Neff remarked that no mem
ber of the association had a higher appre
ciation of the value of Mr. Ford's services
than he. He told how the miners' com
mittee had voted the sum of $1000 to partly
repay Mr. Ford for his valuabe service?,
and how Mr. Ford had eenerousl}* declined
to accept a dollar.
Mr. Ford was thereupon tendered a vote
of thanks by all the members rising to
their feet and eivine; Mr. Ford three rous
ing cheers. The recipient was very much
affected by the proceedings and returned
his thanks, saying that whatever advance
ment he had made in material progress
had had its foundation in the good wiil of
the miners of tnis State.
The following committee vras appointed
on order of business: C. W. Cross, Georgo
Stone, Edward Coleman, J. M. Walling
and Harold T. Power.
A. L. Moore and J. R. Young were ap
pointed sergeants-at-arms.
The following opinion of the Attorney-
General was read and referred to the com
mittee on resolutions:
San Francisco, October 28, 1396.
John F. Kidder, Debris Commissioner, Grans
Valley. Co.— Sib: I am in receipt of your I
letter of ihe 16th inst., stating that tue United
States Debris Commission had received orders
from Washington to locate and construct a
dam for the impounding and restraining of
deb.is already in the Yuba River, and that
said commission wishes to know whether or
not you are authorized to enter into a joint
contract on behalf of the State of California
lor the construction of said dam, wijlh the pro
viso that the contractor must look to the State
Board of Examiners for the allowance of bis
monthly estimates.
I have given this matter very careful con
sideration, and am of the opinion that you
are not authorized to enter into any contract
on behalf of the State jointly or otherwise for
the construction of said dam or other works
for the impounding and restraining of debris.
The act under which you told your office
and which prescribes your duties is entitled
"An act to provide for the appointment,
duties and compensation of a debris commis
sioner, and to make an appropriation to be ex
pended under his direction in the discharze of
his duties as such commissioner." [Stats. 1895,
339. ]
Section 3 of said act provides:
Whenever any board of engineers of the United
States Government shall tiav- been appointed
. with power t-> adopt pUns and specifications for
the construction of worics for the impounding at
raining debris it shall De the duty of said Debris
Commissioner to consult and adviso with such
board of engineers of the United states Govern
ment and to examine and pass upon the merits of
such works, and said Debris Commissioner shall
determine whether <r not such works are calcu
lated to be and are sufficient to proiect the navi
gable waters of the state, and to keep a record of
such determinations.
Section 4 of said act, after making an appro
priation to be used in the construction of
works for the restraining and impounding of
mining debris, provides:
Bald money to be paid only upon order drawn by
the Comptroller upon the written request of the
said 1 ebris Commissioner to be drawn only
for the payment of not more than one-ha f of the
cost of the construction of any such works for re
straining an<i impounding mining debris as shall
be approved by him and duly adopted and lvcom
mewled by engineers of the i. nitea Btites Gov
ernment appointed for that purpose.
These are the only duties prescribed by said
act and it is apparent that no authority is
conferred upon the Debris Commissioner, nor
is there any implied authority given to enter
into any contract for the actual construction
of such work. At the time the above act was
approved (March 24, 1893) and became a law
an act had been passed by Congress and ap
proved by the President to create the Califor
nia Debris Commission and reguU'e hydraulic
mining in the State of California (United State*
Statutes at Large, 1895, 507), which provided
ior the appointment of a commission to pre
sent plans and specifications of all work for
the improvement and protection of tne navi
gable streams of California and to prevent the
depositing of mining debris or other materials
within the same and directing and empower
ing such commission when appropriations are
made therefor by law, or sufficient money is
depositea for that purpose In said debris fund
to build at sucn points above the head oi navi
gation in said rivers and on the main tributa
ries thereof such restraining or impounding
dams and settling reservoirs, etc., as may be
necessary to protect and prevent injuring the
said navigable rivers or their tributaries in
this State.
In construing the act of March 24, 1893, of
the Legislature oi this State, providing ior the
appointment and duties oi the Debris Com
missioner, it is apparent from the tenor oi
said act that the Legislature had In view tne
act of Congress above referred to. and recog
nized the duty and authority conferred on the
Commissioner by said act of the Legislature
of March 24, 1893, to make only an appropria
tion in aid of that provided by Congress, and
to provide for the appointment of a Commis
sioner whose sole duty should be to consult
and ndvlse in the adoption of plans and specifi
cations for the construction of such works
and to see that such works when constructed'
shall conform to the : lans and specittcntions
•o adopted before any money shall be drawn
for the payment thereof. Respectfully
W. F. Fitzgerald, Attorney-GeneraL
The convention adjourned until 10 a. m.
to-day.
BIG PO&TOFjriCIS DUJFICIE&CI.
Increased Appropriation* Are Asked to
Run the- Department.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10.-Post
master-General Wilson has , submitted to
the Secretary of the Treasury his estimates
for the Postcfflce Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1898. The First As
sistant Postmaster-General's office requires
$43,542,500, an increase over the previous
year of $2,012,750; the Seconds-Assistant
Postmaster-General's office $52,224,500, an
increase of $2,835,385; Third Assistant's
office $1,358,100, an increase of $37,400, and
for the office of Fourth Assistant; $383,311;
$6000 is asked for advertisements and mis
cellaneous matters, which makes a grand
total of $97,515,411. an increase over the
estimates of 1897 of $4,943,846.
As the expenditures lor the service of
1898 are estimated at $97,515,411, and the
revenue expected for the same year is
placed at $96,227,096, there will be an esti
mated deficiency of about $1,288,330. :
CUBAN PATRIOTS
ARE VERY ACTIVE
Preparing to Send Further
Re-enforcements to
the Island.
Not at All Alarmed by the Move
of Weyler in Taking
the Field.
YET CONFIDENT OF VICTORY.
With His Two Hundrvd Thousand
Troops the Captain-General
Cannot Conquer.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— Not
since tbe Cuban filibustering ship Haw
kins foundered off Barnegat with General
Calixto Garcia and a number of Cuban
revolutionists on board has there been
such activity at the Cuban Junta in this
city as was noted to-day. The announce
ment that General Weyler was about to
take the field, massing an army of 200,000
men on the island and end the insurrec
tion by one fierce onslaugbt'of war, has
stirred up the Cuban patriots of this city,
and inquiry for details is being made of
the members of tiie Junta.
The Cubans here do not express any
alarm as to the outcome, but they do
think that President Cleveland should
recognize the insurgents as beiligerents,
and by that act prevent the repetition of
Spanish barbarities which follow every
engagement in which ihe Spanish troops
obtain any advantage. It is said that the
Junta will again petition President Cleve
land to take action in regard to the
matter. Senor Castillo, one of the most
prominent members of the Junta, said
to-day :
"President Cleveland ought to accept
the belligerent resolutions of Congress as
the exposition of the people of tbis coun
try and act on them. From this time
until the summer months, if the war lasts
that lone;, the revolution will be vigor
ously prosecuted, and as both Cubans and
Spaniards are determined to end the
strife the most desperate battles of the
war will occur within the next few weeks.
The insurgeuts have now three dynamite
.runs, which have already done effective
work, and with these and the laree quan
tity of arms and ammunition which they
are receiving by every expedition they
are in better condition than at any time
heretofore.
"The report that Spain will make a de
termined effort to defeat the insurgents
does not frighten us, for we have heard
auch stories before, and so far as the 200,000
soldiers are concerned I am sure that
Spain cannot in her present condition
support such a large array.
"But," added Senor Castillo, "the insur
gents are well armed and in good health
and will continue tbe fight, regardless of
any action taken by the Spaniards."
Senor Trujillo, another patriot, is con
stantly in receipt of information from all
parts of the islands. Speaking of the bar
barities practiced by the Spanish troops,
he said to-day : "Many stories of Spanish
.atrocities have lately come from Cien
fuegos, Cuba, but of all those perpetrated
by the Spanish guerrillas in this district
on non-combatants, the killing several
days ago of Henry d'Abigeon, a wealthy
French-Canadian sugar-planter, is prob
ably the most ruthless of the outrages
charged to these men.
"The victim of this latest outrage wa*
an English subject, and the facts in the
case were at once made known
to British Consul Georee Fowler, who has
begun an investigation. Thus far the
Spanish soldiers have been careful not to
molest citizens of England, and the death
of d'Abigeon is the first which the repre
sentative of England has been compelled
to act upon, and the general feeling in
Cienfuegos is that Consu^ Fowler will de
mand either an indemnity or at least an
apology, and if this is not made, it is
likely that there will be considerable
trouble.
«."D'Abi»eon was, visited at his summer
home at Rodas by four Spanish guerrillas
from Cartagena, a near-by town. Tbe
major of this band suspected D'Abigeon
of aiding the insurgents and wanted tbe
planter brought before him. When the
four guerrillas arrived at the house
D'Abieeon was sick and refused to accom
pany them to Cartagena, whereupon,
without warning and before the eyes of
his wife, the four emptied their rifles into
the unfortunate man's body, who died in
stantly."
Neither Senor Trujillo nor Senor Cas
tillo could say what, if any. action the
Junta proposed talcing, although;from the
activity noticeable at headquarter* the in
ference is drawn that re-enforcements are
likely to be sent to the Cuban patriots
from this side.
MANILLA'S INSURRECTION
Spain Encountering Humbert That Are
Hard to Overcome.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— The
Sun's Madrid correspondent, writing un
der date of October 27, says: Advices from
Manilla say that the insurgents had ar
tillery at the recent fight in Nagnusubuc,
where the Spanish claim to have won a
victory.
Father Ront, a conspicuous Augustinian
friar said to be well informed about Phil
ippine affairs, says that the rebellion is a
race movement; that before inflicting any
harm upon the Spanish in Gavite the in
surgents notified them to withdraw, and
only those were murdered who refused to
obey. He denies the stories that the in
surgents looted the city and committed all
sorts of outrages.
General Blanco telegraphed that Senor
Villamil, Civil Governor of Batangas,
abandoned his post and took refuge on a
merchant vessel for fear that the insur
gents might attack the city upon his arri
val in Manilla. Villamil was arrested
and shipped to Spain. Other dispatches
say that several new bands of 300 to 1000
men each have appeared in Batangas and
other provinces. ,
El Liberal says: The news received
from Manilla is somewhat grave. It shows
that the insurgents have the boldness to
organize new bands within districts oc
cupied by our own troops, and also that
they know how to attack, despite all that
has been said about their inaptitude for
war. All that we have been able to do is
to prevent the Gavite insurgents from
joining those in the mountains of Moro^
through La Laguna and Z»yabas. The in
activity of our soldiers in Gavite, notwith
standing the arrival of re-eniorcements
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
from Spain and 'Mindanao, reveals well
enough the strength of the insurrection.
If we are to prevent the insurrection from
spreading we must wait for the arrival of
the re-enforcements which are about to
leave for Manilla with General Polavieja.
Nearly all the press applauds the ap
pointment of General Polavieja for a mili
tary command in the Philippine Islands,
and, as reported before, there is no doubt
that he goes to. supersede Bianco. Refer
ring to him the Heraido says:
"General Polavieja's nomination will
disappoint no one in Spain except those
who saw in him a man needed for service
elsewhere." Yet the Heraldo is the organ
of General Weyler. -
♦
Mr*. Langtru's Divorce Suit.
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 10.— The evidence
of Mrs. Langtry, the actress, in the suit
for divorce brought by her against her
husband, which is pending in California,
was taken at the United States consulate
in this city to-day before Mr. F. W.
Frigout, Deputy United States Consul-
General. Mrs. Langtry deposed that Mr.
Langtry had deserted her and that she
had taken action against him. Corrobora
tive evidence will be taken from other
witnesses, after which the papers will be
sent to California, where the issue of the
case wiil be settled.
From Alijiers to Jail.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 10.— The missing
defendant Avion, who was jointly ac
cused with Lady Tina Scott, John Cocker
ton and Frederick Kast with having
criminalJy libeled Earl Russell, Lady
Scott's son-in-law, and fled to Algiers to
escape arrest, surrendered himself in the
Bow-street Police Court this morning,
having come from Algiers to meet the
charge against him. He was committed
for trial with the other deiendants and
furnished bail for his appearance.
POLICY Of CANADIANS,
They Want the Old Reciprocity
Treaty of 1854 Re
newed.
Delegation Going to Washington to
Negotiate It After McKinley's
In uguration
MONTREAL, Canada, Nov. 10.— Tbe
statement made in New York by the Hon.
W. S. Fielding, Canadian Minister of
Finance, that the Canadian Government
is Koing in for reciprocity with the United
States in earnest, and that representatives
will be sent to Washington shortly after
McKinley's inauguration to negotiate a
reciprocity treaty, creates much interest
among the Dusine-a men of this city.
The subject has now become a timely
topic of discussion. Hugh McLannan, a
prominent grain merchant, whose long
business experience ex;ends back to tbe
fifties and sixties, when a reciprocity
treaty was in force, said to-day:
"I am in favor of the renewal of th«
treaty of 1854 if it be possible to secure
that, and I want to include privileges for
both nations of coast and inland waters.
I want it made possible for Canadian
vessels to carry cargoes from one Ameri
can port to another, and t: c same privi
lepe to be extended to American vessels.
"The treaty of 1854 whs certainly favor
able to the two countries, and 1 do not be
lieve the conditions ot to-day would maKe
any difference. If a new treaty be nego
tiated it should be as much as possible a
repetition of the treaty of 1854, with the
additions I have spoken of regarding nav
igation. It would certainly be to the ad
vantage of Canada to have reciprocity in
natural products.
"It is a mistake to think that the war
made any great difference at the time the
treaty was in force. The treaty did not
favor any particular part of Canada, but
all points were benefited by ihe trade it
brought on. As a matter of fact the cen
ters will not realize the benefits so much
as the country disirict9 would. The real
advantage is certainly for the farmer. As
to the objections which would be raised
insofar as manufacturing is concerned we
can safely let the Americana do that. Give
us reciprocity in natural products with
better coasting laws and free canals and
we will be satisfied."
TRADES UNIONS COMBINE.
Amalgamation at Chicago Representing
50,000 Active Workers— Some
Spirited Debates.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 10.— Nearly 50,000
working men and women were represented
at a meeting at Bricklayers' Hall last
night, which resulted in the formation of
a new central trades union body. The
organization was not completed, but
enough was accomplished to insure the
success of the movement and to indicate a
perfect amalgamation of warring factions.
An adjournment was taken until to
night, when the erganization will be com
pleted by giving a name to the new body,
which will probably be the Chicago
Federation of Labor, and the election of
temporary officers. Permanent organiza
tion will be effected at a meeting to be
held two weeks hence.
President Samuel Gompersof the Amer
ican Federation of Labor presided. He
was assisted by Vice-Presidents James
O'Connell and P. J. Maguire.
The new body will be the only one of the
kind in existence. It was decided that no
delegates would be eligible who were not
earning their living in active work at their
trades. It was also decided to bar out
salaried officers of local unions and Fed
eral labor unions.
The proposition to admit walking-dele
gates and others not actively engaged at
their trades was hotly contested. Presi
dent Timblin of Typographical Union No.
16 led the riubt against admitting the men
who have led and dominated the labor
movement in Chicago for many years.
He declared many of the old leaders,
walking-delegates and other salaried of
ficers had repeatedly sold out their organ
izations and used their positions as step
ping-stones to political jobs.
TWO IOWA BANKS FAIL.
In One Case the Depositors Will Lose
Heavily, and in the Other They Will
Be Paid in Full.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 10.— The lowa
Savings Bank failed to-day, posting n no
tice on its door this morning that it bad
suspended payment. Eri Richardson was
president; George W. Wakefield, rice
president, and F. B. Hutchins. cashier of
the institution. A statement this morn
ing showed assets in loans and discounts,
$419,000; cash, $617; liabilities, doe depos
itors. $122,000; capital stock, $250,000. The
bank also had a nominal surplus of $50,
-000. Inability to realize on assets except
at great sacrifice caused the failure. The
depositors will be paid in full and the
capital will be saved in part.
DECORAH, lowa. Nov. 10,-The First
National Bank of this city failed to open
its doors this morning as a result of a spe
cial examination by order of the Compt
roller of the Currency. Bank Examiner
Stone is in charge pending the appoint
ment of a receiver. The bank had suffered
a run for come weeks and was unable to
I convert assets fast enough. No statement
has been made public of its condition, but
it is said to be in such shape that the cap
ital will all be lost and depositors wilt lose
heavily.
SQUABBLE OVER THE STARS.
Sensational Testimony Given in the Con
troversy Over the lowa Guard
Brigadiers hip.
DES MOINES, lowa. Nov. 10.— The case
of John K. Prime vs. H. S. Wright, adju
tant-general, ana F. M. Drake, Governor
of lowa, will be heard in the District
Court Thursday. Prime claims to have
been elected brigadier of the First Brigade
while the commission was issued to James
A. Guest. The first election returns
showed Prime elected, but were thrown
out by Wright on the ground of fraud and
a new election ordered. This also re-
Bulted in Prime's election. Wright then
set aside the second election and made a
new canvass of the votes of the First,
throwing: out what he regarded as the
fraudulent votes, and declaring Guest
elected. The result was a split in the
Guard which has become serious and
threatens if the courts decide against
Prime to seriously injure the nervice.
Prime has brought a quo warranto pro
ceeding to compel the adjutant-general
and Governor to grant him the commis
sion. The hearing on this will begin on
Thursday. There will be sensational tes
timony to show that the Prime compa
nies filled their enlistment rolls in ad
vance ot the election in order to out vote
the Guest companies.
rXOsr-JSCTS JbOK A DUEL.
Ihe Son of Him Anther and Senator
lilitcl.-burn May tight.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— A Times
special from Washington says: Logan
Carlisle affects indifference to probable
troubles between himself and Senator
Blackburn. He makes light of warnings
given him by friends. The friends of the
two men will not talk for publication, but
they say privately that Logan Carlisle is
making too light of the affair.
They assert that both- men frequent the
same hotels, that Blackourn lays his prob
able loss of all chance of re-election to the
Carliales and this, his friends say, inten
sities his bitterness toward Logan Carlisle.
A Southern gentleman attached to a
Cabinet officer in an olhcial capacity said
yesterday :
"I regard trouble between Logan Car
lisle and Joe Blackburn as altogether
likely, and I want to tell Logan one thing:
Should he have occasion to strike Black
burn he should do so with a cane, unless
be be able to knock him out with his lists,
because if he simply slaps Blackburn's
face, the latter, who is looking for trouble
and will be armed, will shoot him. '
"I have seen too many men shot be
cause of their not arming themselves, not
to warn my friends. If Logan knocks
Blackburn out witn one blow, there may
be a duel, but if he simply slaps the Sena
tor, there will be a funeral in my opinion,
and Blackburn would come off the better
man in the affray."
TWO KILLED, NINE INJURED.
Record of a Sawmill Boiler Explosion
in Kentucky .
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 10.— Tbe boiler
in the sawmill of Roderick Baker, in
Perry County, exploded at noon to-day
while the millhands were gathered in the
engine-room. Jack Francis and Roderick
• Baker were killed and nine others injured,
three of them seriously.
The dead — Roderick Baker, snull frac
tured; Jack Francis, neck broken. The
injured — James Crow, arm broken; Bud
Harper, sc lded; Dick Mark-, scalded and
head -ut; Dave Crc-wder, crushed;
Masoi Faileu, foot crushed; Sluauo! Clark,
scalded. Three others were hurt slightly
by flying timbers.
GROVER'S NEXT MESSAGE
Financial Fortions Now Being
Prepared by President
Cleveland.
Part of the Administration's Policy Is
to Avoid Contraction of the
Currency.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— A Herald
special from Washington says: President
Cleveland is considering the financial por
tions of his annual message to Congress.
He has been in consultation with Secre
tary Carlisle and Postmaster-General Wil
son regarding the prospective revenues
and expenses of the Government, as well
as the reforms that are necessary to the
present monetary system, and his last an
nual message to Congress will discuss
these matters in detail.
The President will, as heretofore, recom
mend the retirement of the legal tender
notes of the Government, so as to take' the
Government out of the banking business
and make it impossible for speculators to
drain the treasury of gold by means of an
endless chain* of greenbacks and Sherman
notes, which must be reissued as fast as
they are redeemed.
In order to avoid any contraction of the
currency it is part of the administration's
plan to have their redemption of legal
tenders accompanied by amendments to
the banking laws, so as to enable the
banks to issue a larger volume of currency
which they will be compelled to redeem
in gold on demand. Whether the Presi
dent will make any recommendations re
garding increased revenues is uncertain,
but he will thoroughly discuss t c reve
nue situation, and will doubtless take oc
casion to point out that the principal rea
son for the failure of the present tariff law
to produce sufficient revenue 's that it has
been in operation during a period of great
business depression, when the country
was und- r the constant threat of a depre
ciated currency. '
Although an effort is to be made to pass
the Dingley tariff bill through the Senate
at the coming session, there is great dif
ference of opinion among Republicans as
to the wisdom of ."■ this - policy. Represen
tative Dalzell of Pennsylvania, one of the
Republican members of t c Committee
on Ways and Means of the House of Rep
resentatives, who was in Washington yes
terday, said he doubted whether the
Dingley bill could be pushed through the
Senate. Dalzell, who is an extreme pro
tectionist, favors having the Ways and
Means Committee ;of the House take up
the tariff question at the approaching
session and go into it with the object of
preparing a general bill which can be
practically complete by.the time the new
Congress meets either in regular or special
session.' -./ ; '
He is strongly in favor of incorporating
the reciprocity feature of the McKinley
bill m the measure, but there will be con
siderable opposition to this from 'con
servative Republicans, for the reason'that
the tendency of the reciprocity provision
* a ?~ to decrease the revenues, and the
tariff law enacted by the next Congress
must be above all else a revenue-pro
ducing measure. . ■ ■ "
S'crrily Married.
OSHKOSH, Wis ., Nov. 10.-J. O. Ger
nty, the well-known horseman, and Miss
* Glass « daughter of John H. Gla^s,
a wealthy lumberman and trotting-horne
owner, were secretly married in Milwaukee
last Saturday and are now speudinsr their
honeymoon with friends at Waukesha.
DISCHARGED FROM
WORMWOOD JAIL
Mrs. Castle Released by
Order of the Home
O.fice.
Leaves the Prison Accompanied
by Her Husband and
a Nurse.
WILL REST IN THE COUNTRY.
Mr. Castle Expresses GratitoJe to the
Americans lor Their Sym
pathy and Assistance.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— Mrs. Castle
was discharged from Wormwood Scrubbs
prison this morning. She left the prison
accompanied by her husband and a
trained nurse. She will be taken to a
country retreat until she recovers suffi
ciently to snil for America.
Bernard Abrahams, solicitor for the de
fense, received a communication from Sir
Matthew W. Ridley, Home Secretary, last
evening, stating that in consideration of
her mental condition and other circum
stances Mrs. Castle would be discharged
and restored to the care of her husband
to-day. Mr. Castle accordingly went to
the Wormwood Scrubba prison this morn
ing and took his wife away.
The receipt of the news of the decision
of the Home Offica greatly affected Mr.
Castle and had the effect of transferring
him from a condition of despondency to a
state of contentment and rest. Mr. Castle
had had .scarcely an hour's sleep since the
unexpected sentence of three months' im
prisonment imposed upon his wife until
last night.
At midnight he, in company with Soli
citor Abrahams, went to the Home Office
to arrange for the liberation of Mrs. Castle
as early as possible this morning. All
preliminary arrangements having been
completed Mr. Castle went to the prison
this morning, accompanied by a trained
nurse, and Mrs. Castle was at once placed
in a carriage and taken away.
Her physical and mental condition was
such as to make her immediate sailing for
America impossible, and for the present
she will be taken a quiet English country
retreat, where she will be kept absolutely
free from excitement.
It is officially stated at the Home Office
that after receiving reports on Mrs. Castle's
condition from Dr. Scott, the physician in
charge of the hospital at II olio way jail.
Dr. Palmenore of the Wormwood Scrubbs
prison and Dr. Nicholson ot Breaumoor
lunatic asylum, all of whom examined the
woman physically aud mentally, the
Home Secretary ordered her release, her
husband undertaking to convey her back
home to America with the least possible
delay.
Mr. Castle has conveyed to the United
Associated Presses through Solicitor
Abrahams an expression of his thoroueh
appreciation of the determined fight in be
half of Mrs. Castle and himself made by
the newspapers in America receiving
United Associated Press dispatches.
Mr. Castle further said that he was pro
hibited by his solicitors from speaking
further on tbe subject in consequence
of the desire of the English au
thorities that their action in releasing
Mrs. Castle shall obtain as little publicity
and as small a degree of discussion as pos
sible. Tbe release of Mrs. Castle is at
tributed practically to the personal in
fluence of United States Embassador
Bayard.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. 10.—Em
bassador Bayard sent the following cable
gram to Secretary Olney this morning:
"Mrs. Castle released. Leaves for
America in her husband's care."
THROUGH ENGLISH EYES.
A Visiting Engineer Pays a High Com
pliment to the Intelligence of Ameri
can Railroad Employes.
NEW YORK, K. V., Nov. 10.— Harry
Pollitt. chief engineer of the Manchester,
Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railroad Com
pany of England, who is inspecting the
railroads in this country, said yesterday:
"I have refused heretofore to be inter
viewed, but I will say 1 came over for
Ihe purpose of studying the practical
workings of your railroads and have
gained much valuable information. The
main feature, of course, of your systems
is their vastness and the ability of your
managers to arrive at results economically.
Your principal advantage over us is the
superior education and intelligence of
NEW TO-DAY.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical InstituA
(Ministry of Agriculture)^ Buda Pest.
••We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ \£\ £vt&/[*>i>v£it*iS
constituted Natural , Aperient Water than that L Reyal Councillor, M.D., Projessor 4
gelded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs." j B^rT^a^Z^/JZt
{Ministry Agriculture), Bud* Put.
APPEOVED BY THE ACADEMTE DE MEDEOINE. PARIS.,
. Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
CF ALL DRUGGISTS . AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS. '
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Str^t, New York, Sole Agents
° THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
_ . SEE that . the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apolmnaris Company, Limited.
EMPLOYED at the City and County Hospital, California
Women's Hospital, German Hospital, St. Luke's Hospital, etc., and
the Leading Hospitals of England.
your employes, and to that must be at
tributed much of your success in economy
of management.
"I consider you are behind us in blocic
systems, as you leave too muchto human
nature instead of mechanical device, and
then do not follow our rule of having a
certain factor of safety in insisting upon
having a train after leaving a block travel
a certain distance before another can enter
it- We have by that means a double
check.
"As regards comparison of engines, I
distinctly hold that ours are superior in
rinish and durability. You certainly
develop extraordinary power, but we are
limited to size, having to build locomo
tives two feet lower and of considerable
less width, on account of tunnels. We
have to get a maximum of power into a
minimum of space.
"By the way, you have the advantase
of having far better malleable iron than
we. Your large stations are exceedingly
fine and well arranged, but your way
stations wonl 1 not satisfy the require
ments of our public. Taking your syßteros
as a whole, they are marvelous examples
of energy, ingenuity and ability."
INSURANCE MEN MEET.
Annual Session of the Mutual Life
Underwriters. '
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 10. — The
lobby of the Coat House was crowded
this morning with insurance men from
all parts of tbe country who are in at
tendance upon the twenty-first annual
session of the National Convention of
Mutual Life Underwriters. Out of a
membership of 400 insurance associations,
150 delegates are present. The convention
was called to order by President F. A.
Bur ham of New York, at 10 o'clock this
morning In the clubroom and prayer
was offered by Rev. George H. Coombs of
the Christian church of this city, after
which Mayor Jones was introduced and
made an address of welcome. Several
other addresses were made when adjourn
ment was taken until to-morrow.
SAVED BY A BRAVE TRAMP
Plot to Wreck a Crowded Express
Train by Placing Explosives
on the Track.
Passengers Reward the Man Who Pre
vents the Disaster, but Oificers Say
He Is an Accomplice.
WASHINGTON, Ind., Nov. 10.— An at
tempt was made at 1 o'clock this morning
by robbers to ditch tbe westbound St.
Louis express on the Baltimore and Ohio
Southwestern Railway in a lonely stretch
of country east of this city.
The express-car, it is reported, contained
n large amount of money. A heavy
charge of nltro-glycerine and dynamite
was placed upon tbe track in such a way
that it would explode when struck by the
engine. A tramp named Bynkim claims
to have overheard a gang of men in a box
car plotting to wreck the train. He had
no way to signal the express train which
he knew would be due witLin a short
time. It was some distance to the nearest
switch, but he made his way there and
jerked off the signal light. His signal was
seen by the engineer of the approaching
train in time.
The train wreckers, who were in am
bush, also saw the signal, and a volley of
shot was fired at the tramp and he was
wounded in the leg and a shot grazed his
bead. The explosives were discovered and
removed from tbe track and the train
came to this city, bringing the wounded
tramp. The 200 people who were on the
train crowded about him and praised him
for his brave deed. Later a subscription
was taken up for his benefit.
Bynkim's home is in Baltimore. The
Washington police are working on a the
ory that he was one of the gang of rob
bers, but that as the train approached his
nerve failed him.
NEW YORK'S BUND SALE.
aucetst of the Largest Ever Undertaken
in That City.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10. — The
largest bond sale ever attempted by the
city of New York has met with success.
Bids were opened yesterday evening in
the Controller's office for the 116,046,590 70
of bonds recently advertised by the Con
troller, and the large number of bidders,
tbe prices offered and the aggregate
amount of all the bids received assures
the sale of all the bonds at figures that
will give the city a fair premium on the
lot.
Bids were received aggregating six
times the amount of the bonds, and
among them was one for the entire issue
at 104. 7 L Nearly every prominent bank in
Wall street was represented, as well as
several syndicates of bankers. But tbe
lint was chiefly remarkable for the large
number of private individuals who were
beard from. These were residents not
only of this city and Jts vicinity, but of
many parts of the country, and their bids
in many instances ranged above those of
the bankers, showing that they had taken
their gold out of their boarding places
and were looking for prime investments.
Three Children Burned to Death.
PERRINTON, Mich., Nov. 10. — The
residence of Alexander Campbell, a
farmer living four miles south of this
place, was destroyed by fire thi3 morning
and three persons were burned to death.
The building was a frame one and the
flames had gained great headway before
the family was aroused. Mr. and Mrs.
Campbell and one child escaped, but two
other children, aged 2 and 6 years, and
a cousin aged 19, were burned to death.
♦ i
VULACH TOlsD THE THVTH.
Story of the Survivor of a Shipwreck Jvo
Longer Doubted.
MUSKEGON, Mich.. Nov. 10.— Captain
Henry G. Woods of the Muskegon Live
saving station has been notified that an
inspector of the Life-savinc Service will
be here to-morrow to make an investiga
tion in the Waukesha disaster and to hold
the survivor, Frank Dulacb, until that
time. The mutiny charge against Dulach
is believed to have gone to pieces and all
the sailors hero who have talked with the
man are convinced that his story of the
wreck is a true one and that what he said
was not to shield himself or to attack any
one else.
Captain Corbett's body is yet floating
with the waves. The Morgu6 has acrain
been crowded with morbid persons to view
the dead men, but when school children
began to come in fiork* the Coroner
closed the doors. The bodies wiil bo buried
to-morrow.
Western freight Association.
ST. LOUIS. Slo., Nov. 10.— Executive
officers of railways forming the Western
Freight Association met at the Southern
Hotel to fill two vacancies on the board of
administration caused by Messrs. Munroe,
and Fletcher declining to serve. H. C.
Courtwright, general agent of the Chicago
and Alton, and H. L. Shine, general freizht
agent of the Great Northern, were chosen.
Last year's schedule was reaffirmed.
KEW TO-DAY.
p"^ vgT NMD H
'■Say, Chollr, me boy, let's go down to Boos
Eros, and get some winter toga."
That's a timely suggestion;
act on it.
We can satisfy the most fas-
tidious, the modest dresser and
the- one who must practice
economy, equally well. I
On sale this week, 500 Men's
All- Wool Suits, Overcoats and
Ulsters— not the cheap kind
you see all over town, but the
latest . styles, with superior
! workmanship and trimmings ;
better than any made-to-order
suit at $15. Our price is but $10.
You miss more than you can
afford to if you miss this sale.
T 3l-33-3S-3r~fIEARH7-SC^
Mail Orders— a great feature with us.
"When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
A Physician whose reputation is established
by ten years of successful practice in this city.
737 Market st., opp. Examiner Office. .
IVEKTOUS DEBILITY and all
of its atiendine ailments, both of YODNG
MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. Indis-
cretions of Youth, Excesses of Mature
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses, failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, inflamed glands,
varicocele, dydrocele, dizziness of the
head, gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a wandering mind.
HEART, IIIMI.\, SERTES-
Palpitations of the neart. difficult
breathing, suffocating feeling,, fullness
;of head, fear of impending danger or
deatn, a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose.
BLOODandSKI^f DISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any causa
whatever, Eczema, etc.
RLADDER — Irritability, Cystitis,
Stricture,' etc 1
EYE, EAR, HOSE, THROAT
scientifically treated and promptly cured.
DISEASES OF WOHEZV— AII
of the*ir many ailments cured. ;
"WRITE if away from the city. Book,
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all the
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Call or address
DOCTOR SWEATY,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, C»l.,
Opposite Examiner Office. _^
STRONG AGAIN!
New Life, New Strength, New Vigor.
THE A:\APHRODMC!
From PBOFESSOR DK-RICOKDof Paris is the
only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-
tee, and will bring back your lost powers ami stop
forever the dangerous drains on your system.
They act quickly, create a healthy digestion, uure,
rich blood, firm muscles, rugged strength, steady
nerves : and clear brain. Imported direct from
Paris. Price per box, directions i. closed, $2 50.
For sale by ail respectable druggists.' iluli orders
from any person shall receive prompt attention.
Agents for Pacific Coast, WALLER BROS.,
33 Grant Avenue, San Francisco. .
ELECTRIC EELiTS
■ ■*&&*&£. - 1 - Are S OO things If prop.
-*\ T^rto-'T^''- r ■■ erly niade : but there is
JwLyl^l%& "°, Beuse la P avin K » hls?h.
mg%pxiySs<QPimL price for a ixjor article
IKSP-v ••?»"■' ' ; '» c^* simply because some ad-
■Kjtß-^ijSg--— **W vertising "quack" de-
JHyjjfETßßmayr mands it. .buy no Belt
Tf&ra ! «C«JaXsf Ul o £ Bee '*■ tree's.
t< < SftT<i * **" Book Free. Call or
- \ - <yf ' address I>K. PIEi.CE
<^AiX * S»», 704 Sacrament* A
Branch Office 610 Marked, cor. Kearny, si *
Branch Office 810 Market sc, a F.
BRU§HES&£S.W
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers T rannlt! 1
dyers, flourmills, foundries/ laundnes. S
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. J ££?£
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors etcT Bt *W»-
-i^ ^ mento3fcMAJOR McKINLEY
RECEIVES VISITORS
Many Call Upon the Next
President to Talk About
the Victory.
Incidentally They Do Net Forget
to Mention Their Own
Serv c s.
PINGREE OPPOSED TO ALGER.
It Is Given Out That Chauncey M.
Depew Does Net Want a Place
in the Cabinet
CANTON*, Ohio, Nov. 10.— Major Mc-
Kinley had a pood many visitors to-day
and has been occupied most of the time in
receiving and talking with them. Gover
nor-elect H. S. Pingree of Michigan came
from Detroit to-day to see the President
elect. He taiked for a considerable time
to Major McKmlev and told him all about
the campaign in Michigan. Incidentally
he had something to say about the avail
ability of General R. A. Algerlor a Cabinet
appointment.
Mr. Pingree did not hesitate to say to
several persons here that he was opposed
to General Alger, ami that he did not
thir.k public sentiment in Michigan was
very much arouseo in behalf of the ex-
Governor. Mr. Pingree also declared that
while he did not ttunk the Government
should discriminate against silver or any
other product of this country, he bad
never said he was in favor of free silver.
The members of the Union Medical As
sociation of Northeastern Ohio called in a
body on Muj r McKinle* this evening
and were cordially greeted fay the Presi
dent-elect. Most cf the other callers to
day were persons who had been actively
engaged in various forms of campaign
■work.
WMliam M. Hahn, wbo had charge of
the spea Jers' bureau at the National Re
publican headquarters iv Chicago, came
over from ilan>neld for a chat with Major
McKinley, and Colonel W. C. Haskell,
formerly United States Marshal for the
northern district of Ohio and sergeant-at
arnis at the Chicago headquarters. Judge
A. L. Morrison of New Mexico and Sec
retary of State Taylor of Columbus were
among Mr. McKin'ey's other visitors.
Major McKinley is hearin.r a good deal
about tbe campaign and how the victory
was won from those who were prominent
in its conduct.
Major licKinley's mother and sister
spent the afternoon with Mrs. McKinley,
who is somewhat better to-day.
Major McKinley would have had a great
many more callers this week had not the
impression that he had gone to Cleveland
gained wide currency. He expects to leave
on Thursday for a week's visit with Colonel
Myron T. Herrick.
A personal friend of Chauncey M. De
pew in this city says that he has Depew's
word for it that he will not accept a po
sition in the Cabinet if it were offered him,
and that he has no more desire to be Sec
retary of State now than he had when he
declined the appointment under President
Harrison.
HARRISON'S CONGRATULATIONS.
Hopes 31a jor JUcKinley Will Restore the
Prosperity of the Nation.
CANTON, Ohio. Nov. 14.— The follow
ing letter has been received by McKinley
from ex- President Harrison:
"The use of the mails instead of the
wires as the carrier of my congratulations
does not imply that they are less, but,
rather, that they are more thoughtful and
deliberate. It is a great honor, indeed,
when personal success is identified with a
great Natianal triumph.
"The issues forced to the front by the
Chicago platform put the fight on such
lines that the Republican party could use
the old breastworks and make an unfail
ing appeal to the patriotism of the South
as well as of the North. I sincerely hope
that you may be given the wisdom and
strength needed in this emergency to re
etore and establish the prosperity of the
Nation."
McKINLEY'S FIRM POLICE.
Election of the Major Caused Salisbury
to Stake ( 'oncensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10.— The
best obtainable information is that Ale-
Kinley will not neglect anything which
will contribute toward bringing about in
ternational bimetallism, and that if he
fails it will be made very evident to the
country that bimetallism is an impossibil
ity. These who are clamoring for inter
national agreement will, it is believed, be
thoroughly satisfied with the efforts that
will be made. It is understood that both
onr foreign policy and tariff policy will be
bent to the end of securing international
agreement. It is said that while there
will in no event be any abatement of the
protection policy the tariff measure will
be less unfavorable to foreign nations in
proportion to their disposition to accom
modate themselves to our financial neces
sities.
It is expected that pending foreign ques
tions the tariff and currency questions will
operate upon one another to bring about a
general settlement on equitable lines.
The announcement, by Lord Salisbury of
his belief that the Venezuelan question
would be settled to the satisfaction of all
parties is regarded as being influenced
more by the result of the election and
prospect of having to deal with the new
adminittration, if there was further delay,
than by anything that has gone before.
Up to this time it has been understood
that certain counter-propositions would be
made by Sir Julian to Mr. Oiney which
would be insisted on, and which might not
be accepted by this conntry. The latest
announcement by Loid Salisbury indi
cates that rejection of these modifica
tions of the plan proposed to Sir Julian by
Mr. Olney will not endanger a failure of
the negotiations. This is interpreted to
mean that the British Premier is disposed
to be compacent in most matters of con
tention between the two countries on the
eve of the enactment of a tariff legislation
in which England is more interested than
in anything else.
Tbere is no possibility of any tariff legis
lation contemplated being modified below
the line of complete protection, but it is
not desired by Lord Salisbury that a spirit
of hostility should be added to that of
self-preservation which will characterize
this legislation.
It is generally believed in diplomatic
circles that the Cleveland administration
will rest upon the laurels won in the set
tlement of the Venezuelan boundary dis
pue and the vindication ot the principle
of the Monroe doctrine, leaving all other
foreign issue^ for McKinley's administra
tion to handle.
Major McKinley will be called upon to
deal with both Cuba and Hawaii. It is
thought that President Cleveland will
take no action in regard to Cuba unless
something unusual and unexpected devel
ops out of the present situation. Major
McKinley's sympathies are known to be
with Cuba, therefore favorable action in
Cuba's bebalf may be expected.
As for Hawaii, annexation of the islands
by the United States is regarded as ex
tremely probable. The attitude of the Re
publicans upon thia question is well
known, and there will be no departure
Irom the position taken by the party in
the closing days of Harrison's administra
tion.
MUCH ooj.o received.
Customs Duties -Notr lieing Paid in Yel-
low Mont>y.
WASHINGTON, U. C, Nov. 10.— The
treasury ior the rirst time in several years
is receiving gold in considerable quantities
for customs duties. From this reason, and
the further fact previously mentioned in
these dispatches t>;at gold is being with
drawn from hoarding placssand deposited
in the various sub- treasuries, the gold
balance at the close of business to-day had
increase I to $122,234,315. The present
policy of the department is to discourage
the receipt of gold, as the treasury has
not on hand, without inconveniencing
itself, sufficient currency to exchange for
all the goid likely to be offered.
The present trt-asury balance is $229,803,
-000, of which (exclusive of the $122,000,000
gold) $51,853,000 is in greenbacks »nd $39.
-471,000 in Sherman notes. Only $13,343,
-000 in silver certificates remain in the
treasury. The continued increase in the
deficit i 3 now engaging the attention of
Secretary Carlisle and will be treated by
him in his annual report. It is rumored
that he will recommend an increase in the
tax on beer from $1 to $2 per barrel. This
proposition is said to be favored by Com
missioner Miller.
The treasury deficit for this month up
to date — one-third of the month having
passed— is $4,453,030, making an aggregate
since July 1, 18'J5. of $37,442,000.
FIGUR OF THE INDUSTRIES.
Business Begins to Jloom all Over the
Country.
NEWARK, N. J., Nov. 10.— Business re
vivals contingent upon the election, of Mc-
Kinley are growing here. The Warwick-
Stockton Company, makers of bicycle
parts, has increased its force by 150 men
to serve surplus orders. The Heller Bros,
tile works of Forest Hill, which has been
cloaed lor a year, opened to-day with a
larger force than when they shut down
and will run overtime. Winters <)t Niles,
manufacturers of horse collars, have
doubled their force.
DAVENPORT, lowa, Nov. 10.— Things
are assuming a rosy hue in business circles
here. The Battendorf Wheel Works and
other manufactories have increased their
forces of men.
The Knostman & Peterson Furniture
Factory started up with full forces of men
Monday.
Monday morning the Rock Is-laml Plow
Company resumed operations, alter lying
idle all summer, with 200 men at work.
Most of the machine-shops and farm im
plement manufactories in Moline started
up in full blast Monday, and where idle
men could be found by hundreds during
the summer it is hard to tind a single one
now.
All banks here report heavy deposits of
gold daily and money is loaned fresly.
PAINE FOR i PORTFOLIO.
Babcock Says He Would Shine in Any
Cabinet Position.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Nov. 10.—Chair
man Joseph W. Babcock of the Republi
can Congressional Committee, on his way
home from Washington, stopped over in
Milwaukee to-day.
In answer to a question as to the possi
bility of Wisconsin's getting a place in
President McKinley's Cabinet, and a
reference to the mention of his name in
that connection, Mr. Babcock said that-be
was not a candidate lor a Cabinet position,
and that if the State should be recognized
the man in direct line for the place was
Henry C. Payne, who for natural ability
and services to the party has no rival. He
said that he regarded Mr. Payne as a man
of the highest executive ability and be
lieved he would make a record for effi
ciency in any position which he might be
called upon :o fill. He was, moreover,
the only cand date from Wisconsin that
Republicans would putforward for Cabinet
appointment, if it should be intimated
that McKinley desired to call a man from
this State to sit at the Cabinet board.
WILL WELCOME BRYAN.
Denver to Give a IHg Reception to the
>ebrashnn.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 10. — When
William J. Bryan reaches Denver Novem
ber 24 he will be greeted by such an out
pouring of the people as haa never been
witnessed west of the Missouri. The oc
casion will be made the opening of the
silver campaign of 1900. Bimetallists of
fame will be here. Invitation is
to be extended to Chairman Jones. Promi
nent men of Denver, regardless of po'iti
(R! affiliation, will join in making Mr.
Bryan feel that he is among friends who
wiil follow wherever he leads.
The Chamber of Commerce held a meet
ing to-day. and another will be hold to
morrow to complete the arrangements.
The plan is to have Mr. Bryan speak in
half a dozen balls, and if he can remain
over two days to give a parade, so that all
who cannot hear may see him.
The reception will be of National sig
nificance, as sounding the bugle for the
rally lour years hence. All ot the large
halis of the city will be opened. It is a
safe prediction to state that 100,000 visitors
will be in the city from the mountains and
the surrounding towns.
Tne men who are promoting the recep
tion are: Ex-Senator N. P. Hill, Senator
Teller. Congressman Shalrotli, E. T. Jef
lry C. S. Thomas, T. M. Patterson, E. B.
Coe and President Steele of the Chamber
of Commerce. Realizing that Mr. Bryan
has been fatiguod by the campaign, he
will be asked only to say a few words at
each meeting to the people of the common
wealth that rollad up a larger majority
for him than any other two States in the
Union.
Irregularities in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 10.— The official
count of ba.lots cast at the recent election
to-day removed several inaccuracies. In
two or three precincts of the Tenth Ward
certain candidates were credited with
more votes than there were total ballots
cast. In the Thirteenth Precinct of th-
Ninth Ward one sheet gave Altgpid 170
votes, while the other gave him 274, and
in the Sixteenth Precinct of the same ward
there was a difference of ten in Aitgeld's
vote as recorded by the two tally lists.
l.yoti <iets a Divorce.
PERRY, O. T., Nov. 10. — Prince A.
Lyon, who claims to be a member of New
York City's 400, was given a divorce here
yesterday from bin wife, Emma. He says
his wiie abandoned him, and now lives in
New Aibion, N. Y. He says his wile,
while quite rich, is fickle, and he could
not live with her.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
ENGINEERED BY
BOLD SCHEMERS
True Inwardness of the
Appointment of a
Receiver.
The Santa Fe Road All Right
in Kansas, but Speculators
Saw a Chance.
BEARING DOWN THE STCCK.
Recent Legal Proceedings Merely a
Plot to Dabble in the Line's
Securities.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 10.— The true in
wardness of the recent application and ap
pointment of a receiver for the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in the Dis
trict Court of Jefferson County has leaked
out.
Since the order of Judge Foster of the
Federal Court was issued restraining the
receiver from taking control and removing
the case from the State courts and the
publication of the further fact that the
alleged law under which the proceedings
were instituted was never passed by the
Legislature, but was printed in the
statutes by error, virtually rendering all
proceedings void, some of those connected
with the case have commenced to talk.
From them it is learned that the suit was
from its inception a scheme to bear the
stocks and bonds of the company and
make a lot of money for the men who
stood in with the "play."
A few days before the suit was begun in
Oskaloosa and before the recent election
two bankers of Jefferson County went to
Chicago and another to St. Louis, where
they are said to have sold heavily of Santa
Fe stocks and bonds.
Partial revival of confidence in the coun
try followed. Santa Fe secuiities went
up, and when it was telegraphed broadcast
that a receiver had been appointed in
Kansas for the railroad tbere was such a
boom all along the line that speculators
paid no attention to the reports of the re
ceivership and the "play" out here in
Kansas had no effect whatever. Instead
d 1 making money the bangers and others
who invested in the scheme lost heavily.
This is the story of the deal. A Kansas
City man of financial worth and of un
doubted standing in tnat city declares that
a few days before the action was brought
at Oskaloosa a well-known insurance arid
speculative lawyer of Topeka called on
him at Kansas City wUh a proposition
that he go in with certain Topeka and Os
kaloosa men and make $500,000.
By the terms of the proposition the Kan
sas City man was to put up the money to
be used in selling Santa Fe stocks and
bonds, but no money was to be invested
until the Kansas City capitalist should be
convinced beyond doubt that he would be
"safe."
Then the Topeka man • unfolded his
pl*n. He began by stating the terms of
the Kansas alien land act, since ascer
tained to have not been passed by the
Legislature and therefore void, and the
opportunity it offered for the appointment
of a receiver for a railroad without notice
to the company. He pointed out that a
receiver could be appointed for the Santa
Fe, and persons who should be "short"
on its stocks or bonds would make big
money, for the sudden and unexpected
receivership would bear them. The Kan
sas City man doubted that a Judge could
be found in Kansas who would appoint a
receiver without notice to the company.
The Topeka man pointed out the letter
of this law and said that the Judge would
bold that notice to the company might in
terfere with the purpose of the suit and
on that ground appoint a receiver. He
suggested that the Kansas City capitalist
should put up the money in the hands of
a certain Topeka man who is known in
financial circles, to be held until the Kan
sas City man should be satisfied, the
money then to be used in selling stocks
and bonds of the company and after that
the suit should be brought and the re
ceiver appointed, but the Kansas City man
still refused to go into the scheme and nis
Topeka visitor left him, the Kansas Ci ty
man hearing no more ot the project until
it was published that Judge Myers had
appointed a receiver for the road. Tlie
events since then have been detailed in
these dispatches.
It is not impossible that the receiver
ship case may be summarily dismissed
within a few days by Attorney-General
Sawes of Kansas. It is known that he
does not consider it well founded in law
and is not in sympathy with its prosecu
tion. When questioned by the United
Associated Presses representative to-day
he saiii : "I have not yet investigated the
case to my own satisfaction. If after
thoroughly investigating it I find the case
has merits, I will prosecute it, but, if I
find the law is not sufficient— if I find the
bringing of the suit was a great conspiracy
to line the pockets of a few men at the ex
pense of the Santa Fe road and the State,
then this suit will come to a sudden end."
BEAUTY AND THE BEASTS,
The New York Horse Show, the
Ladies and the Weil-
Groomed Men.
Brilliant Scenes on Both Sides of the
Tanbark in Mad;scn-Square
Garden.
NEW YORK. M. V., Nov. 10._Madison
square Gar.ien was thronged early to
night. The horse-show attendance exceed
ed in number^ the opening last night, the
belles and matrons of the social set occu
pying the lower tier of boxes, while in the
turong consmntly in motion along the
broad promeiju la surrounding the tan
bark were most of the well-groomed men
of the town.
In the , alleries were many of lesser note
the "plain peopl?,"to use an ante-election
phrase — and they gave most of their
attention to the ring, for the programme
of the evening was a good one. But a
large majority of the crowd devoted itself
to the beauty show in the boxes. It was
a gala night, and the costumes ware the
most brilliant shown this year.
Some of the notable people present were ;
Baron Leghatt, Belgian Minister to the
United States, ex-Governor Roswell P.
F.ower, George J. Gould, W. E. D. Stokes,
Bryce Allan, William C. Whitney, A. J.
Cassatt, Benjamin Wood, G. P. Morisini,
Elisha Dyer Jr., C. Albert Evans, E. JJ.
Morgan and ex-Secretary Benjamin F.
Tracy.
The evolutions of the mounted park
policemen made one of the interesting
features of the evening. Sergeant Eskins,
who was in command, put the horses
through their pacs amid the plaudits of
the assemblage.
The star features of the evening were
classes 101 and 50. The former— four mid
dle-weight green hunters — brought out a
dozen good jumpers. Their performances
over the fences aroused enthusiasm in the
galleries. Tne blue ribbon was given to
Kennett, a chestnut mare owned by S. D.
anJ L. W. R.ddle. Lucy Glitters was sec
ond and Adam Beck's Long Shot was
third.
The final event brought nineteen pair of
high -steppers into the ring. Thsy were
harnessed to very gay wagons, and were
as showy a lot of horses as has been shown
together in this country. The process of
weeding out seal such a pair as Frank
Beard s Monarch and Sensation out of the
ring. After a long trial the judges save
first honors to W. Gould BroKaw's Ruth
and Meteor, the winners of a score of blue
ribbons in iormer shows. Summaries:
The first class to be judged was for Shetland
stallion*, and eight of the tittle chaps, not ex
ceeding 46 Inches in height, entered the ring.
The blue nbuon went to George Green of
Katouah, N. V., for a nice siocky little minia
ture, Montreal 11; second, T. L. Watt, Mon
treal, 981; third, same, Kelpie.
Sneiland brood mares, not exceeding 46
incnet>: Hrst, T. L. Wait's Gladys; second,
Georgr Green's Jessie; third, same] Maritoua.
Hackneys, stallions, foaled in 1895: First,
A. J. >Hs»att, Bt-rwyn, Pa., Ptirriot; second, H.
G. and K. Cheney, South Manchester, Conn.,
Flash; third. Uillhu:»t farm, Quebec, Hill
hurst Sensation.
Hackneys, fillies, foaled In 1895: First, F. C.
Stevens, Lady Valentine; seuund, 11. O. and R.
Cheney, Uretiin; third, i. G. Bourne, Oakdale,
L. L, India Prind-ss.
HacKneys. stallions, foaled i:1894: First,
E. W. Twadddl, Devou, Pa.,Rickell; second,
same, Erling; third, Cr. Green, Xatouah, N. V.,
Forest Beau.
Hackneys, fillies, foalea In 1894: First,
Pmeott Lawrence, Newport, R. 1. Frills; sec
ond, F. C. S.evei.s. Lady Suttou; third, A. J.
( rs-mU. Bernyn, P.«., Polly.
I'airs of horses over 14.1 hands, and not ex
ceeding 1 15 hands— First. L. W. Wormser's Don
Wilkes and His Excellency; becond, C. S.
Haus' AL-.rrn and Adventurer; third, E. I).
Morgan's Jack. Homer and Miss Muffeit.
Ko^diters . in hiirntsh— Kirst, CL A. Reed,
Erie. Pa., Alice Lieburn and Georgia M; sec
ond, W. C. Liland, Diablo and Augelo; third,
F. l-erguson, Emma and Nellie.
Trotters, stallions, four years old or over,
kept ior service— First, A. A. Bonner, King
Rene Jr.; second, Mrs. J. A. Goldsmiths Burl
ingame; third, B. N. Ford, Lexington, Ky.,
Cedrlc and Saxon.
Sadd.e bonet 15.2 hands or over, up to 2000
pounds— First, \V. Stanton Elliott, Rosemary :
se.ond, W. A. MeGihbon's Laehine: third, R.
A. McUay's Chloe.
Carriage horses, not under 15.2 hands, to be
shown belore a brongham, the latter and ap
pointments lo couut 50 i>er cent— Hiatoga, a.
T. Kemp, New York, first; His Majesty, John
H. Schuitze Jr., second; New York Coach
Horse and Cob Company third.
Ponies, 12 hands and not exceeding 13
han'ls, 3 years old or over, shown in harness—
Princess, J. J. Astor, lirst; Princess Rose, Dr.
Frederick S. Dennis, second; Cockrobin, W. M.
V. Hoffman, third.
Huekm-y stullio!i, 4 years old or over, 15.2
hands and over— Langton Performer, Fred C.
Sieve. is, rir.-t; Ruluv Jr., George Green. K,i
touah, N. V., secoud; Royalty, J. D. Cameron.
Marietta. l'n., third.
Park teams, shown before drags, owners or
members of coaching clubs to drive— Oliver
H. P. Belmot.t's team, driven by Richard Car
man, first; Nt-w York C< aeh Bone and Cob
«\'inpniiy. drivtn by Chanes H. Bates, second;
LouLs W. Wi.rmser's team Uiird.
Green hunters, up 10 cairying over 190
pouuds — Huntsman, Adam Beck, London. Out.,
firs'; Picnic, J. W. miv h. V. (on Jr., Genesee,
N. V., .- ..-c'.iau ; third and fourth not awarded.
Saddle hor>es over 14. 1 ha:ids aud under 15
hand*, up lo carrying 160 pou ,ds— Moal.und,
K. A. X. Talciaue, Bernariisviile, ft, J., first;
Roderick Random, James T. Hy ie, New York,
second; Comet, W. titanion BUiott, New York,
thud.
Green hunters, up to carrying 165 to 190
poiiixis, per ormance over ience.i 50 per
cent, conformation and quitlity 50 per cent—
Kennett, eh. m., S. M. and D.- L. Riddle, Glen
Ridle, Pa., first; Lucy Glitters, J. W. and 11.
V. t'o.t, Genesee, second; Long shot, Adam
Beet, London, Onl., third.
Pair o: high steppers, 14 2 hands and under
15.2 hands— Ruth and Meteor, W. Gould
Brokaw, first; Actress and Cock Robin, New
YorK Coaca Horse and Cob Company, second;
Blaz- Away and Golden Rod, George B. Hulme.
third.
RAN INTO A LANDSLIDE.
Wreck of a Westbound Northern Pacific
Passenger Train Causes en
Engineer's Death.
MISSOULA, Most., Nov. 10.— The west
bound Northern Pacifac passenger train,
which left here at 8:15 a. m., was wrecked
at Paradise Bluffs, seventy miles west of
here, about 11:30 o'clock this morning.
The train ran into n landslide and was
ditched. Engineer Fairchild of Missoula
was killed outright, Fireman frank Wal
don of Missoula was badly injured, Ex
press Messenger W. A. Groat of Helena is
reported badiy hurt and Mail Clerk E. F.
Goodhue of Helena is reported missing.
Superintendent E. J. Pierson, Master
Mechanic W. S. Clarkson and physicians
left for the srene shortly after 1 p. m. with
a wrecking train.
Reports claim that eight passengers are
either killed or injured. This is denied at
division headquarters.
The accident was caused by a rockslide
that had come down from a high bluff
near the track and had blocked the way.
The engine struck the rock and was up
set. Fairchild went with it and was
crushed. The tender left the track on the
other side and took with it the mail, ex
press and baggage cars, which were upset,
and an emigrant coach, which left the
trails, beii:g burned up. The emigrant
car was empty, and ibe men in the cars
ahead escaped without injury. A wreck
age outfit was immediately sent out from
here, and the track will be cleared by
morning.
Many wild reports went out immedi
ately after the accident, some placing the
number of killed and wounded at a high
figure. Express - messenger E. F. Good
hue was reported missing, but has turned
up all right
DARING SHOPLIFTERS CAUGHT.
Fifteen Thousand Dollars' Worth of Goods
Stolen From Department- Stores by
a Clever Trio
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 10.— William
Schoel (alias Seharf), Honry Bauer and
his wife and Mame Delmont, an alleged
gang of New York shoplifters, are under
arrest in this city. The quartet, it Is
claimed, has been doing systematic rob
bery in the dtate-street department-stores
for more than a year, and are believed to
have accumulated $15,0<J0 worth of mer
chandise, including lurs, jewelry, silks
and all kinds of wearing apparel. The
greater portion of the plunder has been
sent to Eastern cities, where it was dis
posed of.
Schoel was arrested yesterday and re
leased on bond to-day. Detectives
shadowed him to the rooms of his com
panions on Washington street, where
they arrested the remainder of the gang
and recovered about $600 worth of stolen
goods. Express receipts showing ship
ments of about $8000 worth of property to
New York and other Eastern cities within
the past two months were found in Bauer'a
trunk. They claim to have come 'here
from New York a year ago.
An Uneonatittttinnal Act.
OTTAWA, 111., Nov. 10— The Bupreme
Court to- :ay declared the Torrena land
title act unconstitutional.
AN ARBITRATION
TREATY ARRANGED
Settlement of Venezuelan
Boundary Disputes to
Follow.
Plen : potent' aries Are Preparing
tne Proposed Protocol at
Washington.
OLNEY GAINS CONCESSIONS.
Fifty Years of Undisputed Residence
Shall Give the Right of
Fossession.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10.— Every
indication points to the probability that
within the next fifteen or twenty days Sir
Julian Pauncefote and Secretary Olney,
plenipotentiaries appointed for that pur
pose by their respective Governments,
may be able to sign here in Washington
the protocol of a proposed treaty, to be
subsequently submitted to their respect
ive Governments for approval, which will
include in its provisions a method of ar
bitrating the boundary line between
Venezuela and British G.iiana.
The exact terms of this important con
vention are not yet definitely settled— far
less signed. On the contrary, verbal
changes are continually being suggested
and agreed upon .or modified by cable
messages between the plenipotentiaries
and the British Foreign Office.
But that the essential basis of the treaty
has been agreed upon is made clear in the
correspondencewhicn Secretary Olney to
day felt justified in making public after
Lord Salisbury's speech at the London
Mansion House last night.
Tlie basis agreed on is that in the "set
tled district" a term of fifty years of un
disputed residence sha'l be considered as
giving the right to possession. The ac
ceptance of this condition by England is
regarded as a distinct concession, inas
much as it brings under the award of the
arbitration tribunal (which is to consistof
five distinguished persons not citizens of
any American State) all the districts
which have been settled since the cele
brated Sctiomburgk line was drawn in
1840.
It may take some days further to arrange
details as to time and place of meeting of
the tribunal and as to the selection of the
arbitrator.-, but there is every reason to
believe that the President may be able to
announce to Congress when it meets in
December next the signing of the pre
liminary protocol and to submit it to the
Senate for ratification.
That this is a strong probability is made
clear by the announcement authorized by
the Venezuelan Commission to-day that it
will suspend the preparation of its report
for the present, but will proceed with the
compilation of the important data it has
collected.
Tlie King of Sweden and Norway. Oscar
11, ha? been chosen by treaty between the
United States and Great Britain as the
fifth arbitrator of the boundary question.
The other arbitrators, four in number, are
to be designated — two by the Lord Chief
Justice of England and two by the Chief
Justice of tbe United States Supreme
Court. This is tbe final and most impor
tant feature of the treaty for the complete
adjustment of the long-impending Vene
zuelan controversy.
As a King seldom leaves his country ex
cept on state visits to other sovereigns it
is not expected that King Oscar II will go
outside of Sweden for the meeting of the
arbitrators, and the court is likely to sit
at Stockholm, the capital of Sweden,
where King Oscar's palace and tbe Halls
of the Swedish Reksdag are located.
EXCHANGE OF LETTERS.
Correspondence • 1 hat Patted Between
Olney and Salisbury;
WASHINGTON, 'D. C. Nov. 10.— Two
letters which were exchanged between the
United States and Great Britain regard
ing Venezuela since the presentation of
Mr. Olney's counter proposition of June
12, were given to the press at the State
Department this afternoon, and help ma
terially to clear up the situation. In a
dispatch of May 22, 1896, Lord Salisbury
had proposed an evenly divided commis
sion to report upon the 1 territory in dis
pute outside the so-called settled districts,
and Secretary Olney bail suggested the
provision quoted . heretofore in these dis
patches for a commission of unequal num
bers. ,
The next dispatch was from Lord Salis
bury to Sir Julian Pauncefote. It bears
date of July 3, and referring to Mr. Olney's
argument that "it appears to be a funda
mental condition that the boundary line
decided to be the true one by the arbitra
tors shall not cperate upon territory bona
fide occupied by a British subject — shall
be deflec ed in every case so as to make
such territory part of British Guiana."
Lord Salisbury declares this was not
the intention of his prop< sals, which
were that "the tribunal should not have
power to include such districts as the ter
ritory of Venezuela," but he did not pro
pose that they should necessarily be as
sumed without further proof to be part of
British Guiana. "I only stipulated,"
writes Lord Salisbury, "that the owner
ship of them was not to be decided by the
tribunal, which in our judgment was in
adequate for this purpose, though it was
adequate lor the assignment of the un
settled districts. The settled districts
shown to be in dispute by the inquiries of
the commission were to be disposed of by
subsequent negotiation. The claim of
Venezuela is so far reaching that it brings
into question interests aud rights which
cannot properly be disposed of by an un
restricted arbitration. It extends as far
as the Essequibo; it covers two-thirds of
the colony of British Guiana; it im
peaches titles which have been unques
tioned for many generations."
Continuing farther Lord Salisbury
wrote :
"The view of her Majesty's Government
is that where the matter in issue is of
great importance and involves rights
which belong to a considerable populati n
and are deeply cherished by them special
precautions against any miscarriage of jus
tice are required, of which I have indi
cated the general character in this corre
spondence, but which are not required
where a title to unoccupied territory is
alone an issue. It ;s for this reason that
her Majesty's Government proposed to
except these districts from the jurisdiction
of the arbitration tribunal, though it could
deal adequately with the disputed claims
to territory that is not occupied. But
they did not intend by that stipulation to
ask the Government of the United States
to prejudice any questions which had
been raised or might be raised with re
spect to the ownership of settled districts.
This part of the subject, confessedly the
most difficult part, would iiave been re
served lor separate examination."
Secretary Olney, in reply to this letter
referring briefly to that pait of Lord Salis
bury's letter intended to make clear his
meaning in the dispatch of May 22, is more
pointed concerning the references to the
fnr-reaching claim of Venezuela. Secre
tary Olney says:
"That Venezuela claims territory ex
tending into the Essequibo, or covering
two-thirds of the colony of British Guiana,
cannot be regarded as being of itself an
insuperable obstacle to unrestricted arbi
tration, but the objection that the Vene
zuela claim 'impeaches titles that have
been unquestioned for many generations'
is undoubtedly of the most weighty char
acter. The inquiry I desire to put, there
fore, is this: Can it be assumed that her
Majesty's Government would submit to
unrestricted arbitration on the whole of
the territory in dispute, provided it
be a rale of the arbitration, em
bodied in the arbitral agreement that
territory which has been in the exclusive,
notorious and actual use and occupation
of either party for two generations, cr say
for sixty years, shall be held by the arbi
trators to be the territory of such party?
In other words, will her Majesty's Gov
ernment assent to unrestricted arbitration
of all the territory in controversy v.ith the
period for the acquisition of title by Dre
scrip.ion fixed by agreement of the par
ties in -advance at sixty years?"
The concluding suggestion of Secretary
Olney for sixty years as the period for ac
quisition of title to property led to a
counter proposal from Lord Salisbury to
reduce the time to twenty years, which
was the term common in the United
State?, or to twenty-one years, which was
common law in England. Venezuela,
however, would not consent to this, nor
did Secretary Olney entertain the sugges
tion for such a reduction. Considerable
discussion finally resulted in a virtual
agreement on fifty years as tbe period.
Fifty years would fully satisfy Venezuela,
and would practically make the arbitra
tion unrestricted, as nearly all the British
aggr ssions have taken place since that
time, Schomburgk's line having been
drawn wholly within that period.
DO NOT C REDIT THE STORY.
New York Capitalints Know Nothing of
the New Tranx-Faeifle Ltne.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— A dis
patch from San Francisco to the effect
that a new trans-Pacific steamship line
is to be built was published here to-day.
Among those interested, the dispatch
said, were E. C. Potter & Co. of this city.
The firm named are members of the New
York Stock Exchange, and intimately
connected with the sugar refining inter
ests. Upon inquiry at the office of the
firm, it was learned* that the concern had
nothing whatever to do with the new
scheme, and, in fact, had never heard of
of it. C. P. Huntington of the Pacific
Steamship Company, when asked about j
the matter, stated that it was news to him '
and that he did not credit the report
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 10. -a
member of the firm of William Cramp <fe
Son., the shipbuilders of this city, who
was called on this afternoon relative to
the story published under a San Francisco
date to the effect that they with other
American capitalists and business men
would establish a steamship line on the
Pacific, said that the firm knew nothing
whatever of the project, and in fact had
never heard of it.
■ '■_ NEW TO-DAT
Keep Out
the Cold.
How about your Winter
Overcoat? It's cheaper to
keep warm at the prices we
sell coats.
No store on earth can un-
dersell us ; no store west of
Chicago has such a large
and varied stock, comprising
every style and every qual-
ity, and every price from
$5 to $25. We guarantee
superior material, workman-
ship, fit and trimmings.
BROWN^™
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props; Oregon City WooUn Mills
Fine Clothing bmh^ „„_^ Mmmm^ mmmm
For Man, Boy or Child —^— —^— — — — ■■
RETAILED , . ' ■
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
. Remember, we sell direct
to you at the wholesale price
-—only one small profit over
■'■■•;■'" cost of manufacture. Same,
goods in retail stores cost you
■ a half more ; tailors will
charge you twice and three
times our price for goods no
better.
; We've every material —
Cassimeres, Cheviots, Bea-
vers. Kerseys, etc. ; every
color, plain and mixed; every
lining — silk, satin, fancy
worsted, Italian Cloth, etc.
Save
Your
Money.
■ '' >' MBHBBBBHBPB9MKHHBHKHHBBEMHIH
PROTECTION TO
FARM PRODUCTS
| Millions Lost to the Farmer
by the Present Tariff
Law.
Remarkable State of Affairs
Presented in the National
Farmers' Congress.
REMONSTRANCE TO BE MAD:.
Agricultural Department Miy Bs
Demanded to Make an
Investigation.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., Nov. 10 —About
200 tanners from various parts of the coun
try met in the hall of Representatives in
j the Statehouse to-day to attend the six
teenth annual session of the National
Farmers' Congress. Colonel B. F. Ciayton
of lowa, president of tha organization,
was in the chair.
The morningsession was devoted entire
ly to address*.*. Mayor Tagg at welcomed
the Congress on behalf of the city, J. C.
Offett of Trafalgar on behalf of the farm
ers of the State, and Governor Matthews
on behalf o? the State. Colonel Clayton
delivered the president's address, and i:i
the course of it gave the keynote for dis
cussion in the following paragraph:
'•During the last hsca: year of the opera
tions of the former tariff law the agricul
tural imports in twenty articles, the like
of which we produc north and south,
amounted to $65,804,416. D.iring the first
calendar year of tbe operation of the pres
ent law the importation of the same arti
cles amounted to $135,068,860, or an in
crease over the former law of $68,364,314.
In the exportation of farm products we
find the discrepancy still greater in
twenty-seven chief articles produced on
the farm. Dnring the fiscal year 1894 we
exported farm products to the amoutit of
$907,946,945, while during the calendar
! year 1895 thero were exports in the same
| produds to i lie amount of $751,833,937, a
decrease of $156,113,000.
"Adding the gain in imports to the loss
in exports, the American farmers'
losses in one year were $224,337,322. If
these figures be true a vigorous remon-
Btrance to these schedules should go up
and we ehouid demand that the Agr:cult
i ural Department investigate each item.
j Should protection be the policy of the
I Government, then it should be apnhed to
I farm products and the Agricultural De
j partment should recommend to the Gen
eral Government such changes in tariff
schedules as will furnish equal protectiou
to the products of the farm."
It* Publication an ttrror.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 10.— Ex-Chief
Justice Horton has discovered that the
alien land law, under which the recent
action for a receiver of the Santa Fe was
brought, was never passed by the Kansas
Legislature, and its publication in the
statutes was an error.
34
CANVASSING LOS
ANGELES BALLOTS
Official Returns From the
County Will Be Known
To-Night.
Demccrats Lose Twenty-Three
Votes on One Precinct's
Irregularity.
FEW ERRORS ARE DISCOVERED
Barlow Leads McLachlan on Semi-
Official Count in the
Sixth.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 10.— The
official count on the tally sheets of the
late election returns by the Board of Su- j
pervisors of this county is far from com
plete. Considerable urogre3B was made
to-day, however, and it is expected that
the count will be completed for the entire
couuty by to-morrow night. Very few
errors of importance were found to-day,
so the vote as heretofore returned for the
electoral, county and district candidat-.-s
remains substantially us given to the
press.
In the Congressional fight Barlow hed j
ten votes added to his column as a re:-uu
of errors in footings. This will cut no fig
ure in the result, unles3 other errors in
bis favor are d scovered.
McLachlan hus information which leads
him to look to a number of couniy pre
cincts for an increased vote as the result
of errors in the tally sheets. Most of the
board's time to-day has been occupied
with this city's precinct returns, which
wtre mainly found to be in regular lorm
and generally without errors of any kind.
Precinct 12 was rejected by the board
and not counted at all, owing to irregular
ity and unlawful folding of all the ballots.
This caused a loss to the Bryan electors
and to Barlow of 23 votes, and if these are
finally rejected altogether, Barlow's net
loss for the day's count will be 13.
None of the numerous watchers of the
count have made objections to the rulings
of tlie board where irregularities have been
discovered, and there:ore everything is
apparently progressing satisfactorily to
all parties.
Official returns have been received from
all counties, except Los Angeles, in the
Sixth District. The unofficial figures for
Los Angeles gave McLachlan a plurality
of 378 votes. Using tr.ose figures in the
count. Barlow has a plurality of 287 votes.
The totals follow:
aicLachlan. Barlow.
Los Angeles' 15,'JSO 14.802
Monterey 1,727 1.970
Ban Luis Oblspo 1,523 1.98-.
fcanta Barbara 1,7e9 1.750
Santa Cruz 1,6-9 ' 1 76-1
Ventura 1,470 1.431
Totals 23,418 XS,7K
•Unofficial.
BAKEKSFIULD RATIFIES.
Several Democrats J ound Marching in
the Procession.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Nov. 10.— The
Republicans had a grand jollification to
night over the election of McKinley. The
celebration was under th 3 auspices of the
McKinley clubs of Bakerfheid and Kern
City, and participated in by a lar^e share
of the population of both towns. There
were bonfires, red fire and fireworks,
bomb?, rockets, music and everythiug
that could make a noise.
A notable feature was the; presence in
the large procession which tiaversed the
principal streets of the town of several
Democrats who had to join the celebration
in payment of election bets. After the
parade the crowd went to Armory Hall,
where T. W. Lockhart, J. W. Wiley and
President Shaffer of the Kern McKinley
Club addressed the gathering. Bakersfield
never saw such a ratiucation as that of to
night.
SANTA CLARA COUNT
JUeLaurin Win* Over Kelncy in the
Fifty-fifth Assembly District.
SAN JOSE, Cat*, Nov. 10.— The official
canvass of ballots being conducted by the
Board of Supervisors shows that J. J.
McLaurin, Fusion, was elected Assembly
man from the Fifty-fifth District, instead
of J. I). Kelsey, Republican, as was re
ported.
In the canvass McLaurin cained 10
votes in the Eleventh Precinct and 5 in
the Fourteenth Precinct. Kelsey lost 1
vote. Tne official returns are as follows:
J. J. McLaurin. 1). and Pop., 1694; J. D
Kolsey R., 1680; McLaurin's plurality, 14.
lirvan has rpade a gain of 20 votes in
70 out of the 71 precincts.
BOWERS 31 •X m A OAIN.
Kings County Returns Add thirteen to
Hxs J'lurttlity.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 10.— The status
of the Congressional race in the Seventh
District was changed but slichtlv, Kings
was the only county to add its official re
turns to those reported yesterday.
It cut Bowers' total 'j4 votes and Castle's
37, a net gain of 13 votes for Bowers.
Added to the lead of 42 yesterday these
give Bowers a plurality of 55. These fig
tires are based on unofficial returns from
Fresno and ban Dieao counties, where all
the ballots have not ye: been counted.
Red Bluffs Ratification.
RED BLUFF, Cal., Nov. 10.— Although
the weather has been quite stormy for a
few days and the streets muddy the Re
publicans gathered in numbers at the
Red Bluff ratification to-night. A mon
ster street parade of horsemen, wheelmen,
floats and citizens on foot formed at 8
o'clock and marched through the town.
On its return to the pavilion the crowd
entered and was entertained with oratory,
Hon. F. X. Schoon maker of New Jersey
delivering the principal address of the
evening. General N. P. Chipman and a
number of otners made short addresses on
the victory just won in the interest ol
American prosperity. The meeting was
followed with a banquet at the Tremont
Hotel.
Ben Lomond I* All Right.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 10.— Be-i Lo
mond precinct in this county has thirty
ueven votes. Official returns from the pre
cinct give McKiuley a majority of thirty
seven.
/y./:sNO HU*BA*D>ti CRIME.
Mr*. Rockwell Dies Front Wound* Re-
ceived in duly.
ii'i.rSO, Cal., Nov. 10.— Mrs. W. W.
Rockwell, who was Bhot by her husband
on the night of July 29, died at the
County hoNpilal to-day. She carried one
feoJJftt in h«r brain and one in her neck.
; /. r tirttt ft wan believed: that. she could
not %>o**\\Ay liv«, bat to the surprise of all
ht>tt*fi to recover. The wounds healed
#6H>f>)#t«Jy *n<l the case was set down as
an unpr<»c dented on«* in surgical science,
it being known that a bullet was imbedded
somewhere in the woman's brain.
Tlie untortunate woman's right cid a was
paralyzed, but otherwise she regained
health. In this condition Mrs. Rockwell
remained untii a few days ago when she
was attacked by spa-ms. She failed
rapidly until this morning when she died.
Rockwell must now stand trial for mur
der. He had been treating his wife
shamefully. They quarreled, and he drew
a pistol and announced that he was going
to Kill her. Mrs. Rockwell ran out into
the street, ana he pursued her, tiring as
they ran.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Available Funds and Needed Repairs
Keep a Large Force Employed
in the Yard.
VALLEJO. Cal., Nov. 10.— The gunboat
Bennincton will arrive at the navy-yard
during tbe coming weeK, and, as soon as
the Philadelphia is out of the drydock,
will go in for the usual painting and ex
amination of sea valves.
The monitor Monadnock will be ready
for sea within a week or two. There is
some talk that the monitor will be dis
patched on a long cruise, though the offi
cers attached have no intimation that
suet will be the case.
Work progresses rapidly on all tiie ves
sels at the yard. There is an abundant
supply of money and plenty of work, and
the prediction of n/any that after election
a general discharge of employes would be
ordeied has not and it is confidently
hoped will not bs verified.
Medical Inspector G. W. Woods, V. 8.
N., left Saturday for the City of Mexico,
to represent the navy in the Pan-Ameri
can Medical Congress. Ho was accom
panied oy his daughter, Miss Alice Cutts
and Mrs. Mary Turner. The party wili
return to Mare island in December.
I'uyinDSter Baron, now on the Ojymrr.a,
will report at Mare Island the Ist of Jan
uary as general storekeeper. His cleri,
W. J. Corwtn, will come with him and as
sume the duties of cniof clerk in that de
imnment, and E. A. Mitchell, the present
cierk, will go East to the iieaguo Island
y rii with Paymaster Woodhull, ordered
to that station.
FLED FROM WOODLAND,
Philip Collum Fails to Appear
for Trial oa a Charge of
Arscn
His BAI Is Declared Forfeited and
the Court Issues a Bsnch
Warrant.
WOODLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— The trial
of the People vs. Charles Shepherd and
Philip Collum on a charge of arson for
causing the destruction of the Woodland
Woolen-mills on the night of January 28
of this year was called before Judge Grant
in the Superior Court this morning.
When the court inquired if all were ready
to proceed the attorney for the defense
rose and stated that Collum wag absent.
The Sheriff was instructed to call for him,
but no response came. His bail of $1500
was declared forfeited and a bench war
rant was issued for his apprehension.
Collum was released on bail, against the
protest of District Attorney Hopkins, who
declared that the bond was worthless, as
the sureties were not worth the amount
qualified for. The District Attorney will
begin immediately to enforce collection
from the solvent sureties. AUorney Hop
kins received a letter a short time ago
signed by Philip Collum and postmarked
Rhode Isiatid, in which he said that he
could not appear for trial becauso of the
illness of his fatner and that he was inno
cent.
He pleaded with the District Attorney
to dismiss the case. Shepherd denounces
Collum's desertion as a cowardly act and
says he will aid the authorities in bringing
him back to justice.
The remainder of the day was occupied in
impaneling a jury for the trial of Shep
h rd. From tbe nature of the questions
propounded by the defense the indications
are that they concede that the tire was of
incendiary origin, but will attempt to
show that other persons than Shepherd
and Coilum, the lessees of the mills,
started it. Six jurors have been sworn.
NAPA MURDER TRIAL
William Moore Arraigned for the Killing
of Mrs. Greenwood Five Years
Ago.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 10.— Intense interest
centered to-day about the Superior Court
room at the county courthouse, and Wil
liam M. Roe, alias William Moore, was
the cynosure of all eyes.
Moore is charged with the murder of
Mrs. J. Q. Greenwood over five years ago.
He confessed in Los Angeles two months
ago, but later claimed he had concocted
the confession because he desired to die,
but his religion or vented suicide, and he
believed the confession would be followed
by a lynching.
The courtroom was crowded almost to
suffocation to-day, many not. being able to
gain admittance to the large room. As
usual, Moore appeared indifferent to the
proceedings, and frequently he would
anile at something said by the jurors.
Judge D. J. Murphy of San Franci«co is
presiding. Judge B. D. Ham of Napa
County not wishing to serve.
The entire day was consumed in select
ing the jury.
SANTA CRUZ MAIL STOLEN
Pouch Taken From a Wagon by a Half
< rnztf Vagabond.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 10.— The
United States mail was robbed this even
ing while in transit from the Union depot
to the Postofh'ce in one of the wagons of
the Santa Cruz Transfer and Express
Company. The thief was a half-demented
vagabond, who later surrendered to the
police.
Upon the arrival of the 6:30 o'clock
narrow-gauge train, Baxter, the driver of
tie wagon, piled the mail pouches into an
open express- wagon and started for Pacific
avenue.
When turning the intersection oi Grover
Cunningham Company's lumber-yard with
the avenue a short, heavy-set man mount
ed the wagon from the rear.
Baxter shouted to the stranger and the
horses started to run. The thief took a
canvas mail pouch and jumped from the
wagon, fcearch was conducted in all parts
of this city, but it remained for the l'el
low to surrender without having been
captured.
Knilway Casualty at Fresno.
FRSSNO, Cal., Nov. 10.— W. N. Wright,
aged 18, was fatally injured while stealing
a ri<ie on an incoming freight train near
the depot, this morning. He tried to jump
oif, but fell under the car wheels. His
right foot was crushed and he sustained
internal injuries, which resulted in his
death this evening.
Drowned in White River.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 10.— J. B.
Robertson, Northern Pacific bridge fore
man, to-day while at work on a bridge
near Kent, this county, was thrown into
White River and drowned.
Nnpa Pioneer Gone.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 10 — J. J. Priest, an
old and prominent resident, died to-day.
He was a native of Ohio and 70 years of
age. He came to California in 1849.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
WEDDING RITES
IN SEATTLE JAIL
A Woman Prisoner United
in Marriage to Her
Accuser.
Novel Method of Defeating Jus
tice on the Day of Her
Trial.
WAS CHARGED WITH ROBBERY-
After Her Incarceration She Won the
Prosecuting Witness' Heart
a: d Hand.
SEATTLE, Waph., Nov. 10.— Mary Mc-
Devitt, better known to th« police of Seat
tle and San P'rancisco &i Essie Winters,
had a round with Seattle juetice to-day
and Seattle justice is groggy. Since Sep
tember 23 she has been held in the Kings
County jail awaiting trial for robbery, but
this afternoon, while still 11 prisoner, she
accepted the star witness against her as
her husband. Ur.uer the law^ of this
State a husband cannot testify against his
wife or the wife asninst her husband.
Consequently thcr« will be but one thing
left for the prosecuting attorney to do and
that will be to dismiss the action against
the woman. The case is one of the most
remarkable that ever came to the atten
tion of the po.:ce of this city.
Essie Winters has made her home in
this city. That is not her real name, bat
she assume 1 it ten years ago, when she
left the home of her father, a wealthy
White River farmer, and came to the city
to live. She fell among theatrical men
and went to California for a time. At one
time she was reputed to be worth $100,
-000. For a year past she has resided in
tbis city.
About one month ago Steven J. Overton
was robbed of several hundred dollars in
the southern part of the city. He was a
miner and had just come back from
Alaska. He told the police that a woman
had relieved him of his money. The police
suspecte-i Essie Winters and an officer
went in search of her. He met her on tbe
street. When she saw the officer she gave
a man named R. J. Gould a purse con
taining what is beiieved to have been
Overton's money. Gould took it and
started to run. '1 he officer shot at him.
Gould threw the purse into a pool of water
and it was t.ever recovered.
The woman and Gould were arrested.
They confessed, and both were bound
over to the Superior Court.
Overton visiied tue woman in prison
and became infatuated. His visits be
came frequent, and after each he would
urge tbe police not to pu3ii the case. The
police said that the woman and Gould
had to be punished. The woman wrote
several notes to Overton whiie in jail and
he answered them. Every visiting day
he called and brought her daintiea.
To-day he showed up at the County Jail
with a treacher, and with the consent of
the Sheriff they were married. Six con
victs were present and witnessed the cere
mony.
After that the woman went back to her
Cell and Overton, with the curses of the
police heaped upon, went bacic to a posi
tion he is filling. He asserts that he loves
the woman and that she loves him, but
the police say that the woman and Gould
have conspired to escape prosecution, and
that as soon as the case against them is
dismissed they will go away and leave
Overton.
SANTA ROSA REUNION
Mr. and Mrs. Keegan Celebrate Their
Fiftieth Wedding Anniversary.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Nov. 10. — The
golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. John
Keeean was celebrated in this city to
day. Fifty years ago, in Mindon, Mass.,
the couple plighted* their troth, and sur
rounded by their five children and eigh
teen grandchildren the ceremony was re
peated to-day. The festivities commenced
with early mass in St. Rose's Church and
an eloquent sermon by Rev. J. M. Ca^sin
from the scriptural text "Those that God
hath joined together, let no man put
asunder." Four grandchildren of the
happy old couple sang in a choir. After
the service a family reunion took place at
the Keegan Home on Washington street.
Each room was decorated with golden
chrysanthemums, typical of the joyous
event. Mr. and Mrs. Keegan were the re
cipients of many handsome presents, and
of what is more to them — the good wishes
of all who enjoy their acquaintance.
STO BOX JJJiOWAEV.
Joseph McCarty Loses Hia Life <n the
Vokeluinne River.
STOCKTON, Cal., Nov. 10.— Joseph Mc-
Carty, the 17-year-old son of Matthew Mc-
Carty, a contractor of this city, was
drowned in the Mokelumne River at Sen
ator Langford's place, just above Clem
ents, at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon.
In company with a companion named
Gamble he was Jording the river when
one of the wheels of the carriage in which
they riding struck a sand bar and the
vehicle was overturned.
The occupants were precipitated into the
water, and McOarty, who couid not swim
was borne to the bank by Gamble, who
left him hanging to a clump of willows
while tie went to extricate the horses.
When be returned the young man was
not to be found, and it is supposed that
he became chilled and let go of the wil
lows, smiting beneath the water. A fruit
less search waa made for the body.
SAN DIEGO DECISION.
County Durvmyor'a Profit by o Huling in
a 3e*t Cane.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 10. — Judge
Puterbaugh to-day decided a case of great
interest to County Surveyors in Califor
nia. Surveyor Vail sued the county
to recover $470, alleged to be due
as compensation for his office for
April, 1895, basing bis claim on paragraph
145 of the county government act of 1893
which allows the Surveyor and all depu
ties $10 per day each. The Dis
trict Attorney, as counsel for the Board
of Supervisors, contended that $10
per day covered the salaries of the Sur
veyor and ail deputies. Judge Puerbaugh
decides in favor of the Surveyor, who has
two other suits of a similar nature nend
ing. The case will probably be appealed.
Roslyn't Postmaster Arrested.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 10.—Govern
ment postal authorities to-day caused the
arrest on a charge of embezzlement of W.
A. Mohr, postmaster at Roslyn, this State.
His peculations are said to be in excess
of $2000.
Whale r,, u .j), t ,\ enr Monterey.
MOMTEREY. Cal., Nov. 10.-CapUin
Pedro and his crew of whalers this morn
ing succeeded in killing two humpback
whales. The leviathans captured to-day
are the largest taken by tho Monterey
W haling Company and mane a total of
ten killed by this company in tne last
eight months.
FUBA CATTLE THIEVES.
Stolen Stock Recovered Through a Buyer*
Kn< u-lrd of Brands.'
MARYSVILLE, Cal.. Nov. 10.-Man
ager Sullivan" of the Valley Meat Company
here received a letter signed Ed Robinson
of Burney Valley, Shasta' County, on Oc
tober 28, in which the writer said he had
twenty-four head of cattle to sell.
Sullivan replied, closing a bargain for
the beeves. In a few days a carload of
cattle arrived at Marysville. With Robin
son came Sherman Gwinn. ' James Snell,
another buyer, saw the cattle being driven
to the Valley Meat' Company's farm and
recognized the brands as those of Oregon
raisers. ■He ' concluded ~ that the beeves
had been stolen, and so informed Manager
Sullivan.
-When Robinson and Gwinn appeared to
obtain the purchase money. (Sullivan de
manded indemnifying bonds. The result
was that the two men departed and have
not been seen since. At a local hotel they
registered as S. Jones and F. Sherman.
Arthur Jackson of Modoc County has ar
rived and claims three of the cattle. He
says the others belong to Oregon cattle
raisers.
WENT DOWN OFF HOIUAK.
Wreckage of the Misainy Schooner
Strenty-Six Drifts Ashore.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 10.-
The steamer Dora arrived from Wood
Itljikl, Alaska, to-night, and reports that
wreckage from the missing schooner Sev
enty-six drifted ashore near Kodiak.
An unsuccessful search was made to
find the remains of the crew. The vessel
left Kodiak last June on a sea-otter
hunting expedition with eight persons
aboard.
Thug* Invride Sun Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 10.— There has
been a great influx of tramps and foot
padrf in this city during the last few days,
and cases of robbery and hold-ups are be
coming numerous.
Martin Brown, a saloon-keeper, was
nearly killed on a corner in the heart of
the city at a late hour last night by a sand
bagger, and was saved from death only by
his little dog, which made it so interest
ing for the thug that he made off in a great
hurry.
The Mascot Reuchca Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 10.— The long
overdue sealing schooner Mascot arrived
this morning.
It was delayed by eastern winds and re
mained at Queen Charlotte for some timo,
where its linlun crew was discharged.
The Ma«cot took 407 skins in the sea. The
only schooner of the fle<-t still out is the
Dolphin, and it also is reported homeward
bound.
STARTED UNDER THE STAGE.
Flames Destroy the Hall of the Dcs
Moines Turner Society and Fire
men Are Injured.
DES MOINi:S, lowa, Nov. 10.— The hall
of tho Dcs Moines Turner Society on
Eighth street burned this afternoon. The
flames started under the stage of the the
ater while a class of children was at exer
cise in the gymnasium, and spread so fast
that the children were with difficulty got
out. The iiremen were unable to prevent
tbe entire destruction of the hall, the loss
amounting to $15,000. F. R. Shepherd
and Jacob Harris, two lirea.cn, were on
tlie roof with a line of hose when a great
brick chimney above them fell and car
ried down a section of the side wall, the
two men falling with the debris. They
were badly hurt about the head and body
ana were taken out ins nsible. They may
recover, but in the case of Harris this is
not certain.
SOME HEAVY SNOWSTORMS.
Bliztard* Rage in the Xorth and Middle
Weat.
CHADRON, Nebe., Nov. 10.— The heavi
est snowstorm for many years prevailed
hereduring the night. This morning when
the sky cleared there was a foot of snow
on the level, extending all over North
western Nebraska.
Stockmen were generally prepared for
it, and the loss will be light. Passenger
trains from the East are delayed from two
to four hours.
MARBHFIELD, Wis., Nov. 10— A bliz
zard of the first magnitude is blowing to
night. Snow has fallen irregularly since
last Thursday, and to-day more snow has
fallen than at any one time in the past
two years.
About six inches has already fallen,
and continues with the same density as
at first. Indications point to at least a
foot before morning.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 10.— From two
to three inches of snow has fuilen in this
city since yesterday morning.
In Southern Minnesota and lowa the
depth is reported to be twice that. The
storm originated in the Dakotas two days
ago, and now extends nearly all over the
Northwest. '
LEaDVILLE, Colo., Nov. 10 —The
heaviest snowfall in years at this season
began here yesterday and continues.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 10.-Snow to
the depth of six to twelve inches fell in
this section last night and to-day.
YOUNG COUPLE KILLED.
Struck by a Freight Train While Driving
, in a, I'Utjyy. ■
READING, Pa., Nov. 10.— A fatal acci
dent happened at the Gibraltar crossing
of the Pennsylvania Railroad this aiter
noon.
The victims were Charles F. Bright,
aged 39, one of Reading's well-to-do
citizens, and Miss Catherine jJoyer,
aged 19.- ... . . . ' .
While crossing the tracks at Gibraltar a
fast, freight came along, striking the
Due*y. - ■ .
Bright was thrown under. the car wheels
and ground to pieces, his features beinc
unrecognizable. Miss Boyer was injured
about the head and had one of. her legs
broken. She died in a few minutes.
Mtlitia Under Arm*.
LEADVILLE. Colo., Nov. 10.— An im
portant meeting of the City Council was
held to-night. A sensational report was
received from reliable sources of serious
trouble impending and after an exciting
debate six new policemen were added to
the force.
Frequent conflicls have occurred be
tween the newly imported Missouri
miner 3 and strikers in saloons. A num
ber on both sides were badly injured. A
threat is made by the Missourians to come
downtown in a body and attack the strik
ers.
The latter are very aggressive. There is
also much excitement here and the mili
tia is under arms to prevent bloodshed.
French Government Beaten.
PARIS, France, Nov. 10.— The Cham
ber of Deputies to-day, by a vote of 273 to
254. decided, despite the opposition of the
Government to discuss ou November 16
the mode of electing Senators. It was a
snatch division and no serious develop
ments are expected to follow the defeat of
the Government.
Partition of China.
LONDON, Kno., Nov. 10—In the course
of a speech at Enfield to-night Sir Charles
Dilke, M. P., asserted that the powers
lately submitted to Great Britain a pro
posal for the partition of China. Great
Britain, he added, refused to entertain the
proposition.
PLIGHT OF A SAN
JOSE JEWELER
The Woman With Whom
He Eloped Causes His
Arrest.
Accuses Him of Having Stolen
Valuables Belonging to
Herself.
ROMANCE ENDS IN COURT.
The Couple Had Fled From Australia
to This Ccuatry E;ght Years
Ago.
SAN JOSS, Cal., Nov. 10— J. P. Kelly,
a jeweler doing business at 116 West
Santa Clara street under the firm name of
Kelly & Mack, was arrested to-day on a
charge of felony embezzlement preferred
by Annie Pitty, with whom he has been
living. The arrest is the sequel to an
elopement which took place in Australia
eight years &r.o.
Kelly met Miss Pitty in Melbourne ir,
1888 and a mutual affection soon ripened
into love. He was a married man with a
family, and rather than give each other
up Kelly and Miss Pitty eloped to this
country.
On the death of her father the girl in
herited some money, and two years ago
she and Kelly opened a jewelry store in
this City under the name of Kelly &
Mack.
Of late the couple quarreled and a few
weeks ago the woman had Kelly arrested
for disturbing her peace, but the case was
subsequently dismissed. They have two
small children. It is said that the presen t
trouble is due to the marked attention
Kelly is paying to another woman.
The jewelry which she accuses Kelly of
taking from her consists of a gold watch
and chain and a ring set with pearls, the
whole being valued at $75.
Kelly was arraigned before Justice
Dwyer on the charge this afternoon. He
pleaded not guilty, and his examination
was set Jor November 16. He was re
leased on $300 vail.
RAN WITHOUT HIS GOLD.
A San Jog tan Tricked by a Thief a Cry
of "Fire!"
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 10.— Bruno
Aversa, who was to start for his home in
Italy to-day, was robbed of $360 at the
house of P. Visetti. 613 North Fifth street,
wber.j he was stopping. Aversa was
awakened at 10 o'clock by Francisco
Angelo, a lodger at the house, who told
him the place wa-< on fire. Aversa at once
seized a portion of his clothes and ran out,
but forgot to take bis trousers, containing
the money, from under the pillow.
The alarm of fire proved false and on
Aversa's return to his room his trousers
and money were missing, as was also
Angelo. The suspected n.an returned to
his home aoout midnight and was ar
rested. He bad Aversa's garment with
him, claiming that he found it in tne
street. No money was found on him, and
he denied guilt. This afternoon ne was
visited by Aversa, and after a short inter
view the latter refused to swear to a com
plaint. I; is presumed the money has
been returned.
Arrusrd of Defrauding Farmer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 10.— F. E. Bcott,
who is accused of swindling farmers in
this vicinity out of about $800 worth of
hay, was arraigned in Justice Dwyer's
court to-day on a charge of obtaining
$87 50 worth of hay from Charles Frost
under false pretenses. He will be ex
amined on the charge on November 12
Bail was fixed at $300. Scott bought hay
from farmers, paying a small 6uin down
and agreeing to pay the balance when an
imaginary large contract had been filled
After buying about $800 worth he fled, but
was arrested and brought back.
Prunes Shipped to the I~a.it.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 10.-The pack of
Santa Clara County dried prunes is rap
idly being shipped East. Last week
the shipments amounted to 3,172,720
pounds, making the total for the season
24,758,930 pounds. It is estimated that
not more that 6,000,000 pounds of dried
prunes still remain in the valley. Other
overiand shipments last week were-
Canned goods, 609,100 pounds; dried fruit'
2t>_\4so; ereen fruit, 229.080; beans, 120,000*
and 145.730 pounds of asphaltum con
signed to Philadelphia.
Progr**a of the Parker Cat*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 10.— Attorney T.
C. Coogan to-day made the opening argu
ment for the contestant, Mrs. Emma L.
Parker, in the Parker will case. He
claimed that George H. Parker was pos
eess-ed of insane delusions against the con
testant which rendered *iim unfit to make
proper disposition of his estate.
At the conclusion of Coogan's argument
D. M. Deimas, attorney for proponents,
said his side would submit the case with
out argument. The case will be given to
the jury to-morrow morning.
STOLE OVER A MILLION.
Sensational Confession Made by an Ar
rested Swindler.
NEW YORK, ,N. V., Not. 10. -William
E. Valentine, who was arrested here re
cently for complicity in the forgeries for
which William' Peters was arrested in
Chicago, has made a sensational con
fession, claiming the swindlers with
whom he was connected had stolen over
$1,000,000.
They fleeced merchants all over the
country by fraudulent checks. He said
be was drawn into the scheme by a man,
whose name he gives, who ran a World s
Fair hotel in Chicago. He beat all his
creditors ana obtained $7000 worth of
jewelry from one store by false pretences.
He had a partner named St. Clair, and
they lived high tne year after the issue of
the counterfeit circulation-stamp of a
Chicago bank.
Within the last year they extended
operations, and one of the firms swindled
most heavily, according to Valen
tine, was that of A. C. Spalding & Co.
The confederate named has not been ar
rested yet.
DID NOT OP EN THE SAIL.
Robber* of a Ratlwny Depot Secure a
Very Small Sum.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. Armed with
revolveis two men entered the Chicago
and Great Western Railway depot at May
wood, two miles west of the city limits,
this evening, and after securing $50 made
their escape. The station agent was
ordered ; to throw up his hands and was
held at bay at the point of a revolver.'.- The
; money in the drawer was taken. : The safe
was locked and the agent stoutly reinsert
to open it, claiming that he did not Know
the combination. It contained a large
amount, but the robbers only ; obtained
:he receipts from the drawer. They ran
away after cautioning the agent aerainst
any outcry. It is beiieved that the thieves
live in Chicago and the police are on the
lookout.
COXEI'S CONFERENCE.
To Meet With Friends and Declare for
National Reforms.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Nov. 10. — Com
monwealei- J. S. Coxey has called a con
ference of all friends of the initiative and
referendum and other reforms to meet at
the Lindell Hotel, St. Louis, January 12,
1897. At this meeting a platform will be
presented declaring for the demonetiza
tion of gold as well as silver, State owner
ship of all railroads, highways, waterways
and teieeraph and telephone lines; muni
cipal ownership of all street-car lines,
water works, markethouses, electnc light
and gas plants, woman's suffrage and
election of President by direct vote of the
people. Also that National banks should
loan money to the people at cost.
BIS MA R CK'S R V VEL A TI ONS.
They Will Cnmn Htfore the Reichstag,
Which Hns Reopened.
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 10.— The
Reichstag, which adjourned July 2, re
opened to-day. The customary greeting
was extended to the members by Baron
yon Bueol Berenberg, the president. The
House then discussed the bill amending
judicial procedure, after which adjourn
ment was taken. The proceedings were
devoid of interest. Only about 100 mem
bers attended the sitting to-day.
A fuller House is expected to-morrow
as the Centrists intend to interpellate the
Government regarding the recent Bis
marck revelations. *
Chicarjo's Central Labor Union.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 10.— The new cen
tral labor body of Chicago, including all
the important labor unions as member*
of the American Federation of Labor, was
formally launched at a meeting of dele
gates in Bricklayers' Hall to-night. The
organization ia to be known as the Chicago
Federation of Labor.
Tne officers of the temporary body were
elected and a committee appointed to
draft a constitution and by-laws. The
members wiil aiso act-as a committee on
permanent organization. The regular
meetings of the federation will commence
November 22, when a constitution will be
adopted and permanent officers chosen.
Santa l-e Receivership.
TOPEKA, Kabb., Nov. 10.— The action
of Judge Foster in the Federal Court at
Fort Scott yesterday in issuing a restrain
ing order in the Santa Fe matter, to re
strain Receiver Johnson from tauins; pos
session of the property or ia any way in
terfering with the management of the
road until tbe case could be heard on No
vember 23, puts the case in a more settled
condition, and it is thought nothing of
importance in the matter can transpire
now until the case is heard at that time.
Receiver Johnson came to Topeka this
morning to demand possession, but when
he learned of Judge Foster's action he
abandoned his intentions.
Mrs. Vnnderbilt'a Funeral.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 10. — The
funeral services over the late Mrs. Maria
Louise Vanderbilt, widow of William H.
Vanderbilt, took place this morning in
St. Bartholomew's Church, Madison ave
nue and Forty-fourth street. The services
were simple in recognition of the de
ceased's dislike for public display of any
kind. The church waa filled with rela
tives and friends of the deceased.
Interchange of Passe*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 10.— A joint meet
ing of executive officers of Western and
Southwestern roads was held here to-day
to arrange the annual agreement for in
terchange of passes. Spirited discussion
was had upon the proposition to reduce
the scope of the privilege, but the agree
ment of the last year was finally adopted
without important modification. Fifteen
roads were represented.
>hot Wife and Himself.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Nov. 10.— Fred F.
Panzabeter, a yonng merchant, killed
himself at St. Stephen's yesterday after
inflicting two severe wounds on his beauti
ful young wife, who was Miss Inman of
Georgetown.
They had lived in the utmost harmony
since marriage, and the only reason as
signed to his crime is that business
troubles caused him to lose his mind.
Death of Colonel Hall.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. lO.^Colonel
Luther A. Hall, a Federal prisoner from
Georgia, died in the State Prison last night
of dropsy.
His crime was conspiracy against
Colonel Forsythe, a Federal revenue col
lector, who is a relative of President Cleve
land. Colonel Hall was a member of the
Georgia Legislature at one time.
A BATTLE IN OKLAHOMA.
Officer* and Mexican Ilorsmthieves Have
a Fatal Fight.
PERRY, O. T., Nov. 10.— From Greer
County, Oklahoma, seventy-five miles
southwest of here, comes the news of a
pitched battle between officers of Greer
and Washington counties and a large
body of Mexican horsethieves, in which
one robber was killed outright, several
wounded, including two officers.
CONSCIS ATTACKED.
Germany's Representative Badly Hurt
by Portuguese Railway Laborer*.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— The Post will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Ber
lin saying that advices nave been
received there to the effect that
a number of Portuguese railway
workers attacked the French Consul and
Herr Pfeil, ihe German Vice-Consul, at
Kamataport station, a few milea north of
Lorenzo Marquea, East Africa. Her
Pfeil was badly hurt. He returned
to Lorenzo Marquez, where the
Governor apologized to him for the
attack, and assured him that all the
assailants would be arrested. The attack
is supposed to have been due to an anti
foreign outburst.
Rights of Legation*.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— An important
question as to the rights and privileges
enjoyed by foreign* legations in this coun
try will be raised immediately after the
reassembling of Parliament. It grows out
of the recent kidnaping of a Chinaman
and his incarceration in the building of
the Chinese legation pending an unsuc
cessful effort to smuggle him on board a
ship and return him to China. The ques
tion of international law involved is a
delicate one, and it is said that the action
of the .Government in compelling the
Chlnexe Minister to release his prisoner has
already led 10 some lively correspondence
between Peking and the Government.
Turk* Plunder a Tillage.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 10.— dispatch
from United Constantinople says the ad
vices received from Maiserich, Asia Minor
state that a band of Turks plundered the
Jr. h-§V V Eve J ek y kuli "S : 100 Armenian
inhabitants and setting fire to and destroy
ing fifty houses. Not one of the Turkish
marauders was killed. The advices state
that the people have been thrown into a
state of panic by the outrages. '.'■
Innocnt Person* Released.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— The Chroni
cle's Constantinople correspondent tele
graphs that many innocent persons who
have long been confined in prison are be
ing released.
■Another Match lor tolly Smith.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— Solly Smith,
the California tighter, who defeated Willie
enmn, the English champion feather
weight before the National Sporting Clur,
last night, is likely to be matched in a day
or two to meet Be:i Jordan of London
BERLISER MICKOPHONE PATENT
Highta of the Government and the Btll
' ompnnt/ Argued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10.-R. S.
Taylor in the Supreme Court of the
United States to-d h y continued the ooen
mg argument for the Government in'the
suit to cancel the Berliner microphone
patent owned by the Bell Telephone Com
pany. Passing over the office records of
the application made by Mr. Berliner from
the date of its filing, 1877, to 1882 as to
which period the Government made no
particular criticism, he reviewed at length
the history of the case from 1882 to 1883, a
period of six years, during which, he as
serted, the Bell Company made no effort
to secure the issuing of the patent. This
delay, Mr. Taylor contended, was founded
r.pon an illegal assumption by the officials
of tbe Patent Office that they had no
power to issue the Berliner patent until
the contest between Daniel Drawbaugh.
one of whose cl.'iims antagonized Berlin!
er's, and the office was concluded. Mr.
Taylor spoke nearly four hours.
Tue case for the Bell Telephome Com
pany was presented by Ferdinand P. Fish
of Boston. It was absurd, he said, to as
sert that the Bell Company desired delay
in the issue of the patent, for until the de
cision of the Supreme Court in the suit
decided in 18S7 there was not a moment
that the officials of the Beil Company were
not careitil that their monopoly of the
telephone business would be overthrown.
Mr. Fish will resume his argument to
morrow, and will be followed by Joseph
H. Choute of New YorJr for the Bell Com
pany, and by Caustin Krowne, who will
close the argument for the United States.
California Patent*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10.— Patents
were to-day issued as follows: Milo A. Ba
ker, Los Angeles, collapsible- and adjust
able mold pattern; Louis de Rome,
San Francisco, bicycle; Samuel M.
Fulton and A. T. Ames, Gait,
pnmp power; Francis L. Gnillemat,
San Francisco, assignor to Westiughonse
Air Brake Company, Wi!merding Pa.,
air brake; Joan Holioway and J.
W. htarkweather, Los Alamos, un
remitting rotary car fender; George
B. Liltleheld, ban Francisco. Cal
stove lid; L. Maxwell and H. W. Gormati'
Lis Angeles, guard or screen for urinals'
Arthur T. Snell, Santa Barbara, safety pin •
Louis L. White, assignor of half to W. F.
Lewis, Oakland, mold for shaping metallic
tooth crowns.
The Deep Water Harbor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 19.-The
commission consistingof Admiral Walker
and four others recently appointed by the
President to locate a de^p water harbor at
Santa Monica or San Pedro, in Southern
California, will meet licre next Monday
to effect an organization to outline the
work of the commission and to fix the
>iate for the commi-sion to visit the Pacific
Coast. Congress has made an appropria
tion of $2,900,000 for the harbor and $50,000
for the expenses of the commission.
Where Lincoln T?ied.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10,-Under
the operations of a law passed at the last
session of Congress the United States to
day became possessed of the house oppo
site Ford's Theater, where Lincoln wai
carried after the assassination and died.
The house will continue to be occupied by
the Lincoln Memorial Association as a
museum of relics of the martyred Presi
dent.
A REVIVED SAILOR
A Seaman's Toast Fol-
lowed by Vivid , :
Memories.
GOT IN THE NAVY AT LAST.
Strict Medical Examination
Floors Him to Begin
With.
One of the better class of water-front re-
sorts was crowded not long since with a
host of "bluejackets," who were enjoying
themselves in their own peculiar and yet
altogether legitimate way. One tall,
handsome man, who showed a form that
any athlete might be proud of, was ap-
parently looked up to as something of a
leader, and he it was who suggested the
names of most of the singers and speech-
makers, and when the motion to adjourn
was made he put it. But it wasn't car-
ried. 1 here was a suggestion that be give
a toast (which it was afterward learned
he had given once or twice before), and so
i "to keep the peace." as he put it, he be-
gan. It was indeed nautical to a degree
It is too long to reproduce here, but he
toasted father, mother, sisters and brothers
in a most original way. This is how he
proposed the mother's health: ■-".'■
"^•u 11 here's to mother— 'first rate' she—
« ho launched me on life's stormy sea
And rigged me fore and aft '
May Providence her timbers spare
And keep her hull in good repair
To tow the smaller craft
The cheers which greeted him were
enough to show he was a great favorite
with "all hands." He was seen afterward
by a reporter, and when asked as to hiu
length of time in the service and so on he
said: "1 am afraid that you wouldn't
have called me much of a tine manor a
fine talker, either, sir, a few months before
I entered the service. You can believe
me or not, but it is the fact that I was
once rejected for the navy on account of
physical weakness." And then he told
something about himself. He' said: '*!
came down here from Oregon, and was
awful weak and what snore people call
•played out,', and I tried to get at what
was ailing me. but I couldn't. One day
one of the doctors that I went to see told
me to go to sea— that was the only chance
left for me. Well, I tried to get into the
navy, but, as I tell you, I was rejected."
".Well, but you are there now,' ' was sug-
gested. ' °
•■"T? 1 .* 1 !: kn *"- he renlied, -'but I
wouldn't be but for the doctors of that
great Hudson Medical Institute up there
on the corner of Market, ; Stockton and
Ellis street* Why, I thought I was just
dying when I went up there, but they took
me by the hand, said they would pull ma
out O X, and in four months I applied
again to the service, and here I am—
bripht, sound and chipper as a dollar."
"Well, what did these doctors do to
revive yon in this remarkable way?"
"The principal thing they did was to
give me their preparation called 'Hud-
yan.' and after what it did for me you can
gamble your last cent 1 am never without
it now— not that lev-r take it any more
to amount to anything, bjut I gives it to
those boys what I sees need it, and we've
got about a score or more that this 'Hud.
yan\ has made new and good men out of.
too. . : . '
: "I tell yon," he concluded, "that's a
wonder for any weak . man, and I know it.
Look at me." ; -' '
And certainly he was a. glorious speci- •
men of a fine race of men, and the remedy
tnat could make out of a : physical wreck
such a perfect leader among his '"mates " .
as he called them, must be very much out
of the ordinary. 1 . Indeed, It is nothing
short of marvelous. ±ludyan can only be
had from the Hudson Medical Insiifuie.
They send circulars free. " .FLAGSTAFF LOSES
ITS OBSERVATORY
Telescopes and Machinery
Will Be Removed
to Mexico.
The Astronomers Believe Better
Observations Can There
Be Secured.
PLANS FCK NEW RESEARCHES.
Di mantlirg of a Vantage Point That
Has Added Much to Human
Knowledge.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Nov. 10.— The Low
ell astronomical observatory, which was
established here in 1894 for the study of
the plaiu-ts, and especially Mars, is in pro
cess of removal to the City of Mexico.
The lenses of the great telescope have
I een removed and the machinery is being
:.ken down, to be shipped to the City of
Mexico in a few days. The object in go
ing south is to secure better observation
during the winter months, aud the experts
wno have studied the question say this
can be done on the Mexican plateau,
which lies within the tropics and has an
elevation of about 8000 feet above the sea
lereL
The observatory was in active operation
here during 1894 and 1895, and many hun
dreds of fine drawings were made of Mars,
the result showing that our neignhoring
pianet is covered by an extensive system
o: canals, arranged in an artificial way as
though the work of intelligent beings.
These researches were made by Professors
Lowell, Pickering and Douglass and have
attained world-vside celebrity.
Professor Lowell's discoveries induced
him io order a new 24-inch telescope from
• Aivan Clark & Sons with a view of prose
cutin^ these studies stili further.
The new telescope hns been in use here
since August, 1896, and many new discov
eries have been made. Th« work has
been centered upon the planets and
southern doubie stars. Professors Lowell
and Douglass have continued their obser
vation ot Mars, while Professor Lowell
;;nd Mr. Drew have worked on Mercury
and Venus during the daytime. In the
cii ar air of the afternoon these planets
have shown conspicuous markings, and
the astronomers have been able not
nirrely to make maps of their surfaces,
but to prove conclusively that the bodies
rotate once only the course of a revolu
ti n about the sun. One face of the planet
is therefore turned toward the sun and
heated to an immense temperature while
the other is wrapped in everlasting night.
The markines drawn by Lowell have
seitled the question of the rotation
cf Mercury and Venus, which had been
partially studied by Schiaparelli some
3 T ears ago. Mr. Lowell finds that Mercury
has no appreciable atmosphere while
Venus naa an abundance of it but for
some reason it DOtseases only a very few
clouds. Drawings of its markings have
been forwarded to the Royal Astronomi
cal Society in London.
Dr. T. J. J. See and Mr. Cogshall have
used the new telescope on the southern
double stars, and it is announced to-day
that since August 1 they have discovered
150 new stellar systems, besides measuring
100 stars recognized by previous observers.
In Mexico, Dr. See will continue his
sweeps for new doubie stars, and in this
more southern latitude opportunity for
new discoveries will be especially good.
No important work on the double stars of
the southern heavens has been done since
the survey of Sir John Herschel, sixty
years a^-o. The plan is to sweep over the
whole of the unknown region of the sky
about the south pole, and it is believed
that hundreds of new twin stars will be
found.
The Mexican Government is keenly alive
to the importance of this scientific expe
dition, and President Diaz has not only
■ welcomed the American astronomers, but
has instructed the Mexican National Ob
servatory to furnish every possible aid to
them in their work. It is said that the
• expedition will prove the most important
scientific enterprise of tbia century.
TEN YEA RS AND FIVE MONTHS.
• Sentence of Treasurer George Morrison,
Who Pleaded Guilty of Looting a
County's Strongbox.
TROY, N. V., Nov. io.— ln the Supreme
Court today ex-County Treasurer George
Morrison was sentenced to ten years and
five months' imprisonment on his plea of
guilty to charges of embezzling funds of
the county. Mr. Morrison, prior to the
first week in October, was Treasurer of
Rensselaer County.
Immediately after the closing of the
doors of the National Bank of Trey, of
which he was cashier, rumors affecting
the solvency of Mr. Morrison and the
management of the County treasurership
became prevalent. He subsequently
transferred to his bondsmen all his real
<md personal property, valued at about
$190,000. On tne day of the transfer Mr.
Morrison was taken into custody on a
warrant charging grand larceny in mis
appropriating about $20,000 due the city of
Troy for money collected under the
Raines law. He was bailed on this
charge, the bond being $4000.
A dny or two later, as a result of inves
tigation of the County Treasurer's ac
(ountsby the Board of Supervisors, he
was again arrested on a charge of grand
larceny in misapproi riatine about $250,
-000 of county funds. He was indic.ed by
a Grand Jury two weeks ago and his trial
was begun to-dny and seven jurors had
been obtained wt en court aajourned for
noon recess. For a day or two rumors
had been current that he would plea<i
puilty, and at the opening of the court
this afternoon this course was taken. The
specific indictments on which he was sen
tenced were for refusing to pay his succes
sor as County Treasurer two distinct sums
of money.
"DOLLAR WHEAT" IN SIGHT.
Shortage of the Argentine Crop Causes
the Prices to Run Up at
New York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 10.— "Dollar
wheat" appears to be in sight and the
i>rospect is that the flow of gold from
Europe will soon be resumed. Cash wheat
No. 2 red, the standard grade, sold to-day
p.t 94 cents a bushel. On August 24 last
it sold at 64 cents. The gain therefore in
less than three months has been 30 cents
a bushel. The chief dealings to-day as
for some time, were in December wheat,
or in other words, in wheat delivered in
December.
The opening price was Sl% cents, or 1%
cents above the closing price of Monday.
The low price of the Say was 87 1-16 cents
on a '"split sale"; the highest pries was 89
cents and the final price was 88% cents,
or 2% cents above the tinal price of Mon
day. The high price previous to Monday
for December wheat was 86 9-16 cents on a
"split sale" on October 19.
A potent factor in moving up wheat was
a dispatch lrom Rosario saying that lo
custs had already destroyed one-third of
the Argentine wheat crop and were still
doing damage. In addition there was in
formation that the drought continued in
India and Australia.
STANFORD VARSITY WINS.
Reliance Fails to Score in the Practice
Game With the Palo Alto
Football Men.
PALO ALTO, Cal., Nov. 10— Stanford
Varsity lined up against Reliance this
afternoon in a practice game, and kept the
Onklanders from scoring. Stanford made
long gains at first through the Reliance
line, the work of Fickert at interference
being specially strong. His interference
made it possible lor Seawright to make
long gains. Cotton played fullback and
his work was of the "star" order. Cotton
made hrst touchdown from the 30-yard
line seven minutes aft«r play began.
Carle and Fisher worked especially well
together. Straight fliade one of the long
est runs to-day by unaided efforts.
After the second kick-off Stanford never
lost the ball till she made the second
ouchdown. No goals were tried. The men
i"ere changed frequently by both siaes
throughout the game. B. Thomas played
strongly and Freeman, when tried at full
back, bucked and punted well. Dole at
left half proved unusually strong at buck
ing. ,He has not been able to play in
practice recently, hence his performance
is all the more noticeable.
For Reliance Arlett and Sexton did the
best wor>, but the tries at the Stanford
line were absolutely useless.
B. Tiiomas made the third down for
Stanford utter twenty-five minutes' play.
Late in the second half Dole made a pretty
30-yard end run, carrying the bail to the
Reliance 15 yard line. Fisher and Thomas
earned the ball over.
Lacuna made several pretty tackles for
Reliance. Cotton and Fisher were entitled
to more i ard line bucking than any other
two men on the tieid. 0. Thomas played
s;rong tackle in Cotton's old position. A
nfm touchdown was made before lime was
finally called. Score, 20 to 0.
PILLBURY COMING HOME.
The Great Cheaa I'lnyrr Talks About
Future Tournaments.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 10.— A represen
tative of the United Associated Presses
had an interview to-day with Henry N.
Pillsbury of Brooklyn, N. V., the Ameri
can chess expert, who is in London on his
way back to America from the Continent,
where ..e has been playing, having taken
part iv the recent chess tournaments he.d
in Nuremburg and Budapest
Mr. Piilsbury said he would not chal
lenge Showalter, but if Showalter should
challenge, he would play, not for the title
of chamnion, but for money, any amount
over $1000; anywhere and at any time
afier tbe eii)iri\tion of two months. The
next chess match by cabie between the
representative players of America and
Great Britain, Mr. Pilisbury said, would
be much more interesting ttian the
previous one, in consequence of the fact
that there would be two additional players
on each side.
America, ne added, would have to play
the best team that could possibly be got
together in order to df feud tike trophy, as
England would make special effort's to
win it,
"The time has arrived," Mr. Pillsbury
said, "to hold an interr.ationhl chess tour
nament in the United Slates, exceeding in
importance anything of the Kind that has
ever been held. In my opinion a double
round tournament with ei«h enn of the
best European players offering to partici
pate, the loreign players to receive the
full sum oi their expenses, would bi the
best plan. I would suggest that if Boston
and Philadelphia contribute pecuniary
aid to the scheme a portion of the games
of the tournament be played in those
cities."
Mr. Pillsbury will sail for New York on
boara the steamer St. Louis on Saturday,
and will take a two months' rest at home.
Un'ebnil Maynatea
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 10.— Baseball mag
nates are gathering in force for the fall
meeting of the National League, which
will begin at at the Auditorium to-mor
row noon. Among those who reached
here to-day are Arthur H. Soden and
William Conantof Boston, Andrew Freed
man and Walter Spaldinc of New York,
Frank D. H. Robinson of Cleveland, J. T.
Brush of Indianapolis, Chris yon der Ahe
of St. Louis, John I. Rogers and A. J.
Reach of Philadelphia and Messrs. Byrnes
and Abel of Brooklyn.
While many rumors are ir circulation
as to what will be done to-morrow, no
definite forecast can be made.
The outlook, however, does not seem to
indicate a very exciting meeting or one of
ureat importance in Ita final conclusions,
though a number of questions that have
vexed the league managers during the
past season will come up for discussion
and possible settlement. The ind.catious
to-night favor a rather quiet meeting.
DES MOINES, lowa, Nov. 10.— Word
has been received in the city that Dfs
Moines is practically assured a franchise
in the Western Baseball League next rea
son. The annual meeting of the league
will be held in Chicago to-morrow and a
strong delecation of leading business men
will be present from here. Either Colum
bus or Grand Rapids is to be dropped out
of the circuit to let Dcs Moines in and
Milwaukee will be changed from the West
ern to the Eastern circuit.
On the hnnti m Tracks.
LATONIA, Ky., Nov. 10.— One mile, Little
Walter won, Nance second, Lucetta third.
Time, 1:44.
Six furlongs, Bromo won, John McElroy sec
ond, Robair third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, Uno won, John Kessler second,
Manchester third. Time, 1:43.
One mile and seventy yards, Berclair won,
Garland Bar second, Sir Dilke third. Time,
1:46.
Seven furlongs, Nellie Baker won, Infelice
second, Quln Wing third. Time, 1:31.
NASHVILLE, Term.. Nov. 10.— Five and a
half furlongs, Sim W won, Thornbush second,
Tim Murphy third. Time. 1 :11 U.
Six funongn, Maddn'o won, Bin* Fischer sec
ond, Elyria third. Time, 1-.15-V
Seven furlongs, Partner won, HiKh Noon
second, Remain II third. Time, I :3o}^.
Seven furlongs, Morven won, Ro.ssiunr sec
oiia, Charley Weber third. Time, 1:28%.
One and a sixteenth miles, Pete kitchen
won. Tutilla second, Springal third. Time,
Mor« Bieyrle li>cor<ti Broken.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Nov. 10— Jimmy
Michel broke the American record for ten
miles to-day by tbirty-three and four
fifths seconds, and misled the world's
record held by Tom Lkiton, his feliow
townsman in Wale?, by 7 3-5 seconds.
He brolte all American records from the
six,to the ten miles inclusive, and broke
the world's record for four miles by a
second. All of the records broken were
held by himself. At five miles Michel
tied the former world's reconi of 9:16, the
mark which lie lowered to 9:12 3-5 early in
the week.
Tandem lleconi Jtrokm.
LONDON, Ekg., Nov. 10.— At the
Crystal Palace to-day the tandem bicyclt
record for half a mile was broken by
McGregor and Nelson, who rode the dis
tance in b~\i seconds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
THE STRANDED ST. PAUL BEFORE IT WENT TO PIECES.
PACIFIC GROVE, L'al.. Nov. 10.— The steamer St. Paul, which crashed on the rocks near Point Pinos during a fog
in Aupust last and which broke to pieces a few days ago, is being carted high and dry on the beach and hauled away by
the Del Alonte work teams. The management of the Hotel del Monte does not own the wrecK, but it does own the prop
erty lying adjacent, and claims the wreckage as it comes in. Abner Bassett, who purchased the steamship for $30. had
perfected arrangement?, and was all ready to save considerable from the doomed vessel. He was to begin operations in a
day or two. The craft went to piecps before he got ready, and now the Pacific Improvement Company claims all the
wreckage as driftwood, even to several Kegs of rum which floated ashore.
CAUGHT BY USAL'S
TIRELESS RIDERS
Two More of the Mudgett
Murder Suspects
Taken.
0 ficers Come Upon Their Camp
in a Fastness of the
Mountains.
NO RESISTAKCE IS OFFERED
One of the Prisoners the Father of
the Young M n Captured
on Monday
CAHTO, Cal., Nov. 10.— A second posse
of man-hunters returned to Usal to-night
after a four days' exciting chase, having in
charge George Ferguson and John Dodge
Sr., the lat'.er father of the young Dodge
apprehended yesterday. Noble and Smith
I are still at liberty, but are being closely
followed by a posse in charge of Deputy
Sheriff Hart and all of the men suspected
of the murder of Rancher Mudgett are ex
pected to De jailed to-morrow night.
Ferguson and Dodge Sr. were brought
in by Deputy Sheriff Hart and others con
! nected with the pursuit and placed in the
, jail. Soon a hundred people congregated
about the jail and in the hallways leading
to it to gain the latest information from
within.
Tue doors to the chief officer's office
were locked, and only a few were admit
ted, and when any of those who were for
tunat? enough to gain an entrance retired
they were plied with all manner of ques
tions. From information gleaned from
I Under Sheriff Handy, it is believed that
the Dodees were the prime movers in the
plot for the killing of Mudgett and the
burning of his property. All the officers
declined to permit any one to see the
| prisoners outside their attorneys.
The posse of man-hunters left Usal last
Saturday, going north to Island Moun
tain, thence to the Trinity County line
and east to the Yollo Bolle range. Here
the fugitives had taken to the shrubby
foothills, returning to Inland Mountain
again. The posse separated hereafter the
capture of Dodge Jr. and wife, who
were escorted back to Usal by Sheriff
Handy. The remaining branch, in charge
of Officer Hart, continued the search for
the other fugitives. Gorge and canyon
were thoroughly explored. No one can
have a just appreciation of what the offi
cers were called upon to undergo until he
has traveled over chemisal mountains,
going through places where a grizzly bear
would scarce attempt to foice its way.
Live Dodge Jr. and his wife Ferguson
and the senior Dodge surrendered without
the slightest resistance. The outlaws
were camped in a grewsome spot in the
forest. Their campfire scarcely showed
through the impenetrable underbrush,
but one of the men stumbled on it, and
the suspects were surrounded before aware
that danger was near.
TBtS TL.XAS ALL JtIOHT.
Tuyt at Work Pumping the Water Out of
~~ 11, r //o'</.^^^^^^^H
NEW YORK, ;N. V., Not. 10.—
United States battleship Texas was to-day
ying at her berth alongside the Cob dock
at the Brooklyn Navy-yard with the
wrecking : tugs still pumping hard en
ileuvoring to clear her of the water which
flooded part of her interior when the sud
denly sank yesterday.
As soon as the engine-room of the Tezai
was pumped dry of water, work was begun
by engineers and firemen to prevent any
serious injury to the machinery lrom the
salt water in which it had been sub
merged.
It is said that there will be little or no
jermanent damage sustained in this re
spect. The engines were given a
thorough washing down to-day to clear
them of the muddy water, and a ibrce of
men is at work on them, rubbing and oil
ing to prevent rn«t or other injury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 10—Secre
tary Herbert nas changed the president of
the court of inquiry in the Trxa> accident,
which i« to meet at the New York navy
yard to-morrow, on account of the illness
of Commodore Miller. Commodore John
A. Howell, commanding the League Isl
and yard, will preside.
i nrillard't ttlablr* fitirned
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Nov. 10.-The
stables and other buildings at Lorillard'u
stock farm, at South Long Branch, four
miles from this place were destroyed by
lira iliib evening. The nre started about 7
o'clock and destroyed fourteen buildings.
There was no lire department available,
aud nothing could be done to stay the
flames. Accounts differ as to whether any
norses were lost or not.
THE SEE OF ST. PAUL.
Humor* That Archbishop Ireland May
It ■ ttetnnvna.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 10.— A morning
paper prints a dispatch from St. Paul to
the effect that rumors are afloat that Arch
bishop Ireland may be removed from the
see of St. Pau!.
It is also stated that farther reports inti
mate that the Archbishop has been called
to Rome to me t grave charges whicn
have been formulated against him. The
trouble is said to be in connection with
the recent political utterances of the Arch
bishop.
Kol>t>--ri Unit a Storr.
DALLAS. Tex, Nov. 10.— Two masked
robbers entered the store of T. G. Harris in
the town of Lancaster, Dallas County, last
night, and covt-ring a cierk, w o slept in
the store, with their pistols, forced him to
open tne safe and >;ive up |400. The rob
bers are at large, pursued by a Sheriff's
posse.
Kent Will I.- tlnnnett.
BISMARCK, N. D., Nov. 10.— Myron R.
Kent, who robbed an Akron (Ohio) bank
of $30,000 in 1892 and in 1894 hired a man
to murder his wife nt Mandan, N. D., will
hang at Fargo on Thursday unless Gov
ernor Allen interferes, which is not likely.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
! C M Brown. Antioch .1 P Tmshba. Sac
I O A (handler, Santa Crz M Lobner, colfnx
! J B Hoyt. BlrJs Landng A Bormpo, Byrtnej-,NSW
b (ir en. Petaluma J X Hebbron, Talmas
s s Nathan, fac M Jonas, Oakland
I J P MalfVilte, Grass Vy H S Morey. Placervllle
; P H Parker. Colfax H T Power, Auburn
O X i'owan.^unny South EC ("rell»-r, Grasi Valley
D B Marmiclc. Grass Vv M T Lawrence. Auburn
T ! timer A «f. Modesto F J Morse, Portland
P l.iiHimi <fc wf, Meiroae X A Ttenzel, Holllster
Ira H K««l, Calaveras LF 1 runer. Bac
J H Mil:zner. I.s Angels J H Northwar-, Nev Cy
A Tow. c, 'lowles A 1) Kobertson.wf, Minn
J«-ssi- !'ohtr:so:>, Minn Hattle Robertson. Minn
<• A Kin?, Keddluft Mrs .1 H Seaton, SLupo
I it L My.-r-i. X Hioomflld X A Moody, Gold Kun
LTilz nff. Dutch Flat X J hector, Nevada City
F M Wool ey &w, N V H Lane, Nevada City
J T McCall. MlLh Bluffs J A Barwick, Mac
W a J Kdiager, Colfax J A Sheeban, raC
H .1 Small, "^ac 8 A Kitchener, f-tockton
BM spencer.feanta Rosa R M > parks, I'lacerville
E fc. Perln. Pt Tounsend J H Parker, Colfax
R N Kulla, Ix)s Ane L J Carver. Grass Valley
J H i raduock, Marys vile X Ilun:er, Denver
I r Osborne&w, Kldrldge Dr Wouall, sania Clara
G H Ballon, s-un Diego H X Adams, Stockton
H B Uullaban. Stockton W C W.-ikf r a w, tockn
F J Brandon, San Jose J Francis. Snn Jose
W L Meredith, ship Do- F W Greeley, San Jose
miniop E Whipplp & w, Decato
J c Cnmpboll.Marysvllle H. G Turner, Modesto
Mm \VD Coombs, M;irys- A C Rosendale, Pacific
vilie Grove
W isieiaback, I: oi lister N Sherwood, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL
W B Wllcox. TTT T SN C'JC Taylor. NY
W L Meek. N Z P Behn, Russia
H l>!sque. Colfax F D Twenzkv, Colfax
Mr--< M Sessions, Mass J W.vman. Jlalsnn
S J Wbelan .t w, Bostou Mrs J R Baker, Phi la
Mrs a Edes, Wheeling Mrs DeWiu C Hay, N V
Mrs J A Farmer, Ohio L!• Collier, Boston
W A Farlsli, Denver Dr <& MrsMcFarUnd.XY
Thos Couch. Mont F Searles, Nevada City
I P Gafiney, Brooklyn Fde Lessen, Switzerland
i X Hughes. Seattle X Purser. M V
E Maloney, N V F Malooey, X V
|D B Hnderson Aw, la A Hutter <fe c, Mexico
' C V Indeiisden, Cnicago C N Sterry, Los Angeles
H P WlnMow, Keswlok O Winslow, Keswick
C J Field, Denver F H Burn & w.Vacaville
F W Young, Liverpool O P Jenkins, Stanford
J W Oliver, Rochester PL Mm man, Chicago
C H Libby, Los Aneeles B U Ktlnman, s«c;o
M P Phillips, St Louis Miss Libby, Los Angeles
Mrs L Hand, Los Ang C J Titus, Sacramento
Mrs C J Titus. Sacio
LICK HOUSE.
H E PICKot. Placerville JS Me Bride, NSanJuan
J F uinir, Placerville (* C Gaylord. NevaUa >_ty
X Bind, Placerville I Oannenbsum, Vallejo
D W Moraran, I'lacervll* G O't'arrell, Cal
0 X Turner. N vad i Cty R B lioberts, Cal
a D McLean, Grass Vlly WS Wise, Riverside
W H Clary, Stockton W E Duman Sr, Orovllle
J W Nevins, -New York Mrs J A Louttei. Stocktn
A McFarland, Napa 1 J Mendlzabo: «fe w, lal
L T Hatßela, -acto R 1 Bentley. Sacramento
C P Rievea. ?-uisun M L Mursh, .Nevada city
1 Copeland. Vallecito C Seldeman. Paso hobiea
W H McMlnn, < al E \V Allen, San Jose
R Hoberts, Madf ra J E i udr!, Stockton
D N Cambers, wta Rosa J M Tboni. son, sta Kosa
\V sexton, >an Josfi W F Kngnsb. Nevada Cy
Dr A M Gardner, Napa W H lsunvon. Con<tland
M Howell. * nta Jiosa J S Gregory, .Nevada tty
R Bai<ar, Vncavtlle Miss M Buresory, cv
E J Wiley, suisui C D KHstln, Nevada City
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Wllson.Quil<>hena,BC R R Maig, S L Oolspo
G W Munk, OMO Ranch J Decker. S L Obispo
Mrs Robiuson.SL. ObispoU Mcßrine <fe w, Auck-
Mrs G S Howe.O Va.iey land, N Z
M Mulrooney, Pt Costa M Toohev, port Costa
A Milier &w, Pt Cosia J ■ Miller, Port cotta
J E Connole, B Monica J Flani«un. Portland
M Grl«»s&f. Port. and U F Hill. Washington
Mrs Fiaser. Wbltcomb T L l:e«-d. ReeJley
C Olson. Reedley J Williams, Jndlanapolis
Cr> Clay bourne, sacto L X Ellut, Lincoln, Sty
W O t range, Selina W Mugei, «elma
W Jones <Si w, Milpitas F Schuben, San Jose
Ot-o Baker, San Josu A c Brooks. New Lisbon
F C Brooks.New Lisbon, R M swan. Seattle, Wash
Wli J Tool, Walnut
S S swan, Seattle, Wash G Glenmore & f, iiioh
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
j Watson. San Jose MrsH Hamilton, Byron
W H Denis, Byron M J Gordon «fe w, .\ V
1. Brown, > V y sheridau, Boston
T M Uriggs, Chicago Z E Uuckner, Santa Rosa
I C Willlann dtw.Novato J KFreeraintwJ omales
1> Bevt-ny * w, -tockton -Miss Jackson, Stockton
W D Clausen, V s N T T liar pain, DSN
J S Kdwarda, Portland >' Lurkin, Presidio
S H Holohun. l'resldlo L M fcoti, i hicago
P R s<-otu ChlcaßO P Hoffman A f. Chicago
J lioffman &f, (hicago 8 M N Peppe, U S N
if II Kalktss, Presidio JAWillianison. Jersey Cy
R L Bell, Joiinsville W H Mac & t. Cal
A*- Weinck. Honolulu H £ Parser, Vallejo
J T WUliams, Ind
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O Lion A w, San Jose Mrs a s Williams. Cal
J L Matthews, i-alluaa H Kosenburg. Suisun
S G Gale, Pacific Grove Mrs J Hull, Oakland
J VotypMr. Vallejo J Ritchie. Alabama
W Downey, Raymond T 8 Milton 5rA s. Cal
jai base, S»ti Jo-e E G Scbuneman, cal
W M Clancy. St Albans J C Lynrh, GcorKia
G Mtght-TTaeeiia, Napa RC Irvln, Arizona
W M Morrie, Denver T Dixou, Eureka
H Smith, Vall'Jo T A Abnone, New York
H T Kelly. St Louis C Martin, Cincinnati
It Lincoln, Cincinnati G Colter, tiacramento
C Miller, Sacramento
TACOMA CRANK
ENDS TWO LIVES
Doctor J. S. Wintermuth
Killed by Samuel
Tucker.
The Murder Quickly Followed
by the Suicide of the
Assassin.
TEAGEDT ON EAILEOAD STREET
A Weak-Minied Invalid's Revenge
for What He Claimed Was
Malpractice.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 10.— Dr. J. 8.
Wintermuth, a prominent physician of
this city, was shot and fatally wounded by
Samuel S. Tucker on Railroad street at 10
o'clock this morning. Tucker after shoot
ing Wintermuth placed tne muzzle of his
revolver against his own head and blew
out his brains. The doctor died at lo'clock
this afternoon at the Fannie Paddock
Hospital.
\Vitnesse* of the tragedy say that Tucker
accused Dr. Wintermuth, who had been
treating him, ot malpractice, and without
further ado drew a revolver and fired.
Tucker was subject to fits of insanity, and
had been arrested while mentally unsound
two years ago.
Dr. Wintermuth was conscious for an
hour and a half after the shooting, until
put on an operating-table. An exami
nation showed that the bullet entered the
left side of his spine, four inches below
the lower ribs, passed through the trans
verse processes of the spine and severed
two intestines, lodging; in the fat in front
of the abdomen. Death was caused by
internal hemorrhage. Tne victim knew
he was doomed, but had hope to the last.
Tucker died within live minutes after
he placed the pistol to his head. His
body was removed to the morgue. He
had no known relatives hereabouts.
Tucker had been brooding for the last two
weeks and made several threats against
the doctor's life. He claimed that while
under medical treatment he had not been
given fair treatment.
Dr. J. S. Wintermutn, who was shot and
fatally wounded by S. 8. Tucker in Ta
coma yesterday morning, was a brother
in-law of F. K. Lane, an attorney, who re
sides in this City, at 1714 Pacific avenue.
He was also a nephew of E. Stinson, a
Chicago capitalist, and stockholder in the
Central Pacific Railroad.
He was professor of surgery in the
Tacoma dental college, regent of the
Washington State University, ex-vice
president of the Washington Medical Soci
ety and physician and surgeon of the
Fannie Paddocfc Hospital.
HENSHAW IS INSPECTOR
Colonel Sperry's Resignation Was
Not Accepted and He Was
Dismissed.
The State Executive Does Not Desire
to Di ru-s the Affair at the
Present Time.
The resignation of George B. Sperry of
Stockton, colonel and insppctor-general of
rifle practice staff, of Governor Budd, was
not accepted by the comniander-in-chief
of the National Guara of California. The
Governor, however, revoked Colonel
Sperry's commission and appointed Park
Henshaw to nil the position of inspector
of rifle practice. Colonel Henshaw com
manded the Eighth Infantry Regiment,
N. G. C, befor the reorganization of the
guard, and is one of the best officers in the
Slate. He brought his regiment forward
to a high degree of efficiency.
The Governor speaks with some reluc
tance about the incident of Colonel
Sperry's dismissal. When asked yester
day if Colonel Sperry was not still an offi
cer of the National Guard, notwithstand
ing his removal from staff duty, the
Governor replied: "He is no longer an
officer of the National Guard. He was re
moved for cause and another officer ap
pointed in his place. I apDointed Colonel
Park Henshaw of Chico. Ido not care to
discuss the subject for publication."
LODGE DOCTORS
CHAMPIONED
The County Medical Society-
Has Voted in Their
Favor.
Dr. C. G. Kuhlman's Resolutions
Rejected by That
Body.
SOME STRONG STATEMENTS.
Kuhlman Does Not Despair — 0 ficers
Elected for the Coming
Year.
The County Medical Society held a
stormy session last night in the Shiels
bui ding, 32 O'Farrell street. It was all
owinsr to the resolution of Dr. Charles G.
Kuhiman in regard to lodge physicians,
coming up for a second reading. The
resolution was not adopted, in spite of the
efforts made in its behalf by Dr. Kuhlmau
and his sympathizers.
The resolutions were read by Dr. Wood
ward, the secretary. Dr. Kuhlman then
arose and made a- formal motion that they
be laid over till the next meeting and
published, and a copy sent to each mem
ber.
The motion was defeated, and then Dr.
"rank Donaldson moved for their adop
ion, being seconded by Dr. John Mont
;omery.
On vote the motion was defeated. Dr.
F. W. Cheney then moved that they be
tabled and the motion prevailed. Their
text was as follows:
To the officers and members of the San Fran
cisco County Med'cal Society :
Whereas, Certain incorporated bodies and
certain so-called charitable and benevolent
societies have within this City and County, in
Dursuance of certain clauses inserted in their
laws, entered into contracts with certain medi
cal men, members of this society, where
by medical and surgical services are rendered
to the members in said bodies, regardless of
the charges specified in the fee bill adopted
by this society ; and
Whereas, The State Medical Society and
several county medical societies throughout
this Stale have adorned resolutions condemn
ing said medical contract systems; tneretore
be it hereby
Resolved, That it is the sense of this society
that said medical contract systems are perni
cious, for the following reasons :
First— They operate to isolate and remove
from general medical competition about 75
per cent of the sick in this City aud County.
Second— They Oi ertue to concentrate In the
hands of about one-tenth of the members of
the medical profession fully 75 per cent of the
sick in this City and County.
Third— They operate to enable unscrupulous,
undignified and unqualified medical men to
exist as such, contrary to the laws of the sur
vival of the fittest and ths best interests of
humanity.
Fourth— They operate to pauperize the scru
pulous, diguified and qual tied members of
our honorable proiession, whose appreciation
of the calling is uch as noi to allow th m to
stoop to such nefarious practices.
Fifth— They operate as pauperizing agents
upon the masses by lulling them in:o years of
false security, during which they neglect to
provide by proper economic meihods for the
legitimate expenses of competent medical
services and honest medicines during serious
illnesi requiring skill not possessed by the
average contract doctor.
Sixth— They operate to cause substitution of
drugs and other dishonest prescription prac
tices on the part of physicians ana pharma
cists, as neither can do justice to himself or
the sick under contracts that limit the price
of prehcriptions to from 15 to 25 cents each.
Seventh— They operate to prevent scientific
medical investigation, as no scientific physi
cian can afford to give the time necessary for
a proper Investigation of a case while he is
limited by contract to a lew cents per visit.
Eighth— They operate to deprive the sick of
proper and timely medical consultation, oft
times disastrous to the life of the patient and
for the following reasons: (a) The contract
makes no provisions tor this most valuable
aid to the attending physician a< d patient;
(b) he patient will not pay a consultation fee
when his contract calls for necessary medical
services and medicines during il.ness, and Tha
society would regard such procedure as an ad
mission of incompetence ; (c), a contract doc
tor would rather allow his patient to die than
to call in a consulting physician at his own ex
pense and run the risk of being exposed as a
contract doctor to the rest oi the fraternity.
Ninth— They operate to lower the scientific
standard of medical men, as the only qualifi
cations required of contract doctors are poli
tical cunning and unscrupnlousness.
Tenth— They operate to lower the physical
and moral standard of medical men, as con
tract doctors must quite frequently participate
in nightly orgies with members of the ring
upon whose influence their jobs depend, where
food, drink and language incompatible with
physical and mental healthfulness of brain
workers are freely dispensed.
Eleventh— They operate to destroy that pe
culiar, inherent, scientific and ethereal har
mony upon the lines of which alone scientific
medical men can act in unison to carry out
the grave objects of their profession, namely,
the prevention, amelioration acd cure of
disc ase.
Twelfth— They constitute a premeditated,
malicious conspiracy on the part of unworthy,
ambitious and avaricious medicul men against
the best interests of the medical proiession
and humanity in general; therefore, be it
further resolved,
First — That no person shall be eligible to
membership in this association who shall,
after the adoption of these resolutions, enter
into any contract— written, verbal, expressed
or implied — with any individual, corporation,
society or organization to furnish medical or
surgical services at a rate below the charges
specified in the fee bill adopted by this society.
Second — that any member of this society
who shall, after the adoption of these resolu-
I tions, enter into any contract, written, verbal,
expressed or implied — with any individual,
corporation, society or organization to fur
nish medical or surgical services at a rate
below the charges specified 'in the fee bill
adopted by this society shall be expelled from
membership.
Third— That nothing contained within these
resolutions shall be ao construed as to apply
to any contract (of not more than one year's
duration) entered iuto prior to the adoption
of these resolutions, or to any salaried muni
cipal medical officer, or resident physician,
connected with a hospital not supported by an
assessed membership.
Fourth — That these resolutions shall go Into
effect immediately upon their adoption.
Respectfully submitted this 13th day of Octo
ber, 1896. Charles G. Kuhlman, M.D.
After the defeat of his resolutions Dr.
Kuhlman gave due notice that he would
bring the matter up for consideration
aeain, and seemed nothing daunted by his
failure.
Several standing committees were ap
pointed and officers for the ensuing year
were elected as follows:
Dr. G. F. Carpenter, president; Dr. F.
E. Frisbe, vice-president; Dr. A. P. Wood
ward, recording iecretary; Dr. Frank
Petre, corresponding secretary; Dr. B. C.
Kelly, treasurer.
KILLED A LITTLE BOY.
A Truck Crushm • leo Bricca to Death
on Vallejo Street.
Eleo Bricca, a child eischt years old, died
yesterday morning from the effects of in
juries sustained by being run over by a
truck on the afternoon of the 4lh inst.
The little fellow lived with his father,
CASTORIA
: For Infants and Children.
ilmil* STf/ —————— hot
of { ~**T7Z'<UC&4S *"»«•
C. Bricca, at 915 Battery street, and on
the a'ternoon of the day mentioned he
was playing in the street on Battery and
Vail jo. How the accident happened is
not known, but after the truck passed the
unconscious child was picked up and
taken to his father's home. The wheels of
the vehicle did not pa?s over the body and
it is supposed that he fell under th« body
of the truck and was rolled over and over,
causing internal injuries.
The case was reported to the Coroner
who asked for police assistance to nnd the
driver of the truck. •
»—«» — «< — •
Surrendered Himself.
James Nash, alias McCann, thevagrant,
who, wiih Beecber Manson, escaped the
vigilance of the House of Correction
guards on Friday last and left for parts
nnknown, turned up at the jail yesterday
and gave himself up to Guard McDerrac tt.
Nasll was just finishing a six months' sen
tence for petty larceny when he escaped,
and will now face six months more on a
conviction of vagrancy. Nash concluded
that sure food and lodging was better than
facing the rainy weather, particularly as
the pursuit was getting warm. Manson is
still at large.
A FIRE IN RAPHAEL'S,
Electric Wires Become Crossed
and Cause Considerable
Damage.
Plate Glass Windows Crash Into the
Street and the Estab ishment
Fills With Smoke.
Raphael's clothing establishment, 9
Kearny street, was badly damaged by fire,
which broke out in the front show-win
dow, la-t evenine at 5:45 o'clock.
A number of electric wires in the win
dow became crossed and set fire to the
clothing and decorations.
The great panes of plate glass broke
with a crasn and smoke poured into the
store in smothering volumes.
An alarm was sounded from box 48 and
chemical No. 1 was soon on hand followed,
by several engines.
The departments on the upper floors
were filled with smoKe, but escaped dam
age.
new to-day.
Matchless
Prices
CROCKERY, CHIN), GLASSWARE.
X3XTST3XTJIiIJb-t m*m "y pr
XOO FI£CX3S §
Very Pretty Light Blue Colors.
These Sets
"Worth . ..sPI-si.OU
Running 100 Stores
Enables Us to Save You the
DIFFERENCE.
Come to < ur stores, see them, ;
You can then be THE JUDGE.
Great American loiprtlDi Tea Co.
* MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 lhird st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmo.-c st.
617 Kenrny st- 065 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
K2i Montgomery mv*. 10^ Second st.
133 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. ;
1003 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
til San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklani
1355 Park St., Alameda.
HANDSOME PRESENTS GIVEN
AWAY.
There Are
Many Things
You cannot think of when
looking for a present.
OUR STOCK OF—
Onyx Tables,
Piano Lamps,
Banquet Lamps,
Brioa-Brac
Mast be reduced, and to move them fast will
offer a
Special I 5 Per Cent Discount
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY. ,
You will be astonished at the LOW PRICES.
NOTE-RAZORS and SHEARS Ground
by skilled mechanic; a specialty.
WM^kM
618-820 MARKET ST.
LOOK!
Two Weeks'
SPECIAL SALE!
Reduced to
Blue and Black Cheviot Suits, *17 50..V.513.50
B ue and Black Pique Salts, «27 50 520.00
Blue and Black Clay Worsted Salts, s2o..*ls.
Overcoats to Order, 25 ..........817.50
TJie Latest Austrian Cheviot Coat and Vest, .
with different Pant 5......... ....... •25.00
Perfect fit and best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sale. ' -
JOE -POHEI,. THE TAILOR,-
-20l and 303 Montgomery St. ,
734," 844 and 846 Market at.
1110 and 1112 Market St.
San Francisco, Cal. ._
NEW WESTERN .MOTEL,
KEARNY AND .WASHINGTON 8T3.-.R8.,
modeled and renovated.* KING, WARD & CU
European plan. Kooms 6Oc to 91 50 per • day, $1 ■
to $8 per week, $8 to *3J per moatn: tree o»tlu:
hot and : cold *. water every room; lire i-« '-
•very room: elevator rum mlnigat -. . ■ '
NOTARY PUBLIC.
•/"IHAKLeS H. PHILLI ('.-». ATrOKNKY-ATW
\J Law and Notary Public, 688 MarKet »-., oppo-
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence Xtf39
Fell sireau lelepboue M l'iae " "JCOi.
56
Wat otkU
WEDNESDAY........ NOVEMBER 11, 1886
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDOE.
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po»U»e Free:
Pally and Sunday Caul, one week, by carrier..
Pally and Sunday Call, on« year, b/ ma 1 1.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Calx, six months, by mall. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Cai/j., three months by mail 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
V sully Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE: •
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone ..:. ...M*tn-180i
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone ...;.....V^ Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES I
627 Montgomery atreet, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Parkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: ope»
cntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Uti Math street; open until 9 clods.
OAKLAND OFFICBs
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 51 and 32, 84 Park Row, New Tot* City.
YIP M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The miners have the floor.
Golden oratory flows freely.
Everybody talks of golden prospects
now.
Expansion is good as a rule, but let us
hope Grover will not try it on the coming
message.
Prosperity shines all over tbe State and
prostrate industries are picking them
selves up.
St. Louis is just now the proudest city in
the Union. She is exulting in her first
horse sbow.
There is a chance for the Dingley bill to
go through this winter. Tbe Senate has
seen a new light.
The Bryanite leaders are silent, but the
prophets have resumed business by pre
dictiug what will happen in 1900.
The country voted for prosperity aud is
reaping the reward much sooner than
even the most sanguine expected.
You do not have to go East to find signs
of reviving industry. There are plenty of
them rignt here in San Francisco.
The mining industry is big enough to
have a representative in the Cabinet, and
Congress ought to provide for one.
We have no Half-million Club to lead us
on just now, but all the same we will be
able to claim tbat figure in a few years.
Not all the States voted for McKinley,
but all are sending in reports of expand
ing industries as a result of his election.
If Cleveland does not say something
about the Cuban question in his message
we shall know he is the same old Grover.
It will not be charity but business that
will provide lor the poor this winter, and
•*ork and wages will be better than free
soup.
Send California novelties and dainties to
your Eastern friends during the holidays
and help to advertise the products of tbe
State.
From the present outlook for the min
ing industry it would seem the days of
old. the days of gold, are about to return
again.
Business cannot revive too quickly nor
spread itself too fast. Winter is coming
and there are lots of good workingmen out
of employment.
The interests of labor and capital are the
eatne, and tbe men who marcLed'together
and voted together are now reaping the
benefits together.
The Valley road leads the way in com
petition and other roads will follow if the
people are only prompt in snpporting en
terprise and providing rights of way.
The gold-standard free-traders who are
asserting that the victory was not for pro
tection afford another illustration of how
easily some men can fcol themselves.
The proposed ordinances providing for
open food inspection stations will be
generally approved by the people. We all
wish pure food as well as plenty of it.
Chicago has a company that promises
her 90-cent gas, and yet she seems to re
gard the promise itself as the only cheap
gas she wants and won't take stock in it.
There should be a good exhibit of Cali
fornia products at the Guatemalan exposi
tion, for while the trade there may be
very great now it has the potency of vast
expansion.
The proposal of some of the fusion lead
ers to get rid of Altgeid and Tillman may
be taken as a proof they are willing to up^
set the old apple-cart and start out with a
new one next time.
As Salisbury seems disposed to accept
the decision of the United States on the
Venezuelan question we can hardly dis
pute his proposition that the controversy
is virtually settled.
We need not be surprised if we have a
very large immigration of dramatic critics
from Germany this winter. Kaiser Wil
liam has written a play ana threatens to
have it produced throughout the empire.
The world does not seem to have moved
much during our political campaign, and
now that we have time to look it over
again we see tbe old issues, crises and
questions in much tbe same shape they
were three months ago.
New Jersey mosquitoes transported
across the ocean by tbe big steamers are
said to flourishing in London as if they
liked tbe climate, and it is probable Lon
don will soon have so many New York
peculiarities if won't be worth while to
make a voyage to see it.
Everything asserted by the Republican
par y during the campaign has been
iiroven by the result, and even more
quickly than some Republicans expected.
The swift oDening of mills and expansion
of industry has been a wonderful object
iesson to the whole country.
An extra session of Congress seems to
be a necessity, for while the present Sen
ate might consent to a revenue tariff it
will not support a thorough system of
protection such as the people voted for
and the .Republican party is pledged to
snact*
THE MINERS' CONVENTION.
One of the most important conventions
assembled in the State for n Jong time is
that of the gold miners of California, now
being held in Odd Fellows' Hall, and of
whose proceedines a full account is given
in another part of this paper.
This original industry, gold mining,
which was the cause of the settlement of
this State in 1849 by the Americans in
large numbers, has been for a time almost
supplanted by the more extensive indus
tries of fruit-growing, wool-growing and
wheat and cattle raising. It js now, how
ever, experiencing a rebirth, and within a
very short time promises to ba more profit
able and to yield much larger quantities
of the precious metal than ever before.
In the pioneer days and up to the
time of the comparative decadence of
the mining industry all the work
done was on the surface ana in the
beds of streams with sluiceboxes, rock
ers and pans in the primitive fashion.
In fact considerable mining is yet being
done in tbat way on the old grounds by
the poorer class of workers, who are satis
lied with earnings of a dollar or two a day,
coupled with independence and hope.
Next came the era of hydraulic mining,
which was being prosecuted on a large
scale, when it was practically stopped
owing to the opposition of farmers along
the banks of the streams into which the
gravel and earth were Hashed. Quartz
mining received some attention a little
more than a decade ago and has increased
with rapid strides, with the prospect that
within the next year or two there will be
large accessions of American and foreign
capital to work the quartz mines.
The mission of the Miners' Association
is to settle the differences between the
hydraulic miner and the farmer, to put
an end to the vexatious and expensive
litigation by which the validity of min
eral land titles is determined and to in
stitute several reforms for the welfare of
the industry.
The association is to be congratulated
on the success of its efforts in harmonizing
the divergent interests of the farmer and
the hydraulic miner, which the reports
read yesterday seem to indicate is in a
fair way of being accomplished. One ele
ment in its favor is the fact tbat the
miners have always been law-abiding,
patient and foroearine under the most ir
ritating conditions.
The temper of the present convention is
in line with this sentiment. Indeed, if
one were to judge of the convention by
the high standing and integrity of its
membership the sentiment could hardly
be otherwise. Some of the foremost men
in the State are among its delegates, giv
ing the benefit of tneir counsel auJ experi
ence to the younger workers in the com
mon cause.
men who delve into the earth with
pick and shovel have learned the value of
union. They have the best wishes of the
whole people of the State in their efforts
toward the advancement of the industry
to whicn they have devoted their livea,
and whose prospects are now brightening
the Horizon of the future not only for
themselves but for all California.
DEMOCRATIC DEMAGOGUES.
When it was reported a few days ago
that the Democratic leaders intended to
rid their party oi the domination of Alt
geld and Tillman but little attention was
paid to it by the people. The report was
legarded as a hope rather than as a fact,
and very few expected that a serious
attempt would be made by any nota
ble class of Democratic statesmen to re
alize it.
It is now announced, however, that Mr.
Altgeid has become alarmed by the threat
and will make an active canvass for the
Democratic nomination for Senator from
Illinois. This activity on the part of Alt
geld implies a fear that the movement to
dislodge him from the supreme councils
of the party will be undertaken in earnest,
and shows that he considers it nece?sar3 T
to guard against it by taking ihe aggres
sive at once.
The course of his reasoning is clear.
The Republican majority in the Illinois
Legislature will be so large that the Dem
ocratic nomination for Senator will hardly
be of sufficient importance to count even
as a complimentary vote; but it will nev
ertheless serve to Bhow to whom the Dem
ocrats of Illinois look for leadership, and
if Altgeid secures the nomination the
attempt to read him out of the party will
be rendered futile and foolish.
The general public has but very little
interest in the family quarrels of a party
so discredited as Democracy is to-day, but
it can hardly refrain from taking sides
with the conservative leaders of the party
against the Altgelds and the Tillmans.
While we have a party government, such
as prevails among us at present, there
must of necessity be an opposition as well
as an administration party, and It is a
matter of National concern that the oppo
sition should be led as wisely and patriot
ically as the successful party. An opposi
tion headed by Altgeid and Tillman would
be almost as subversive of the general
good as an administration under their
control, for it would mean ceaseless agita
tions and endless appeals to prejudice and
passion.
It is startling to reflect that such men
could in this country have attained to so
much power as to even succeed in nomin
ating a candidate for the Presidency who
stood within a measurable distance of suc
cess. The election of McKinley affords
the Democratic party an opportune mo
ment for getting rid of the men who have
disgraced it and demoralized it. If any
considerable number of Democratic lead
ers resolve to overthrow Altgeid and Till
man, they will have the sympathies of the
people. Even those men who are most
opposed to Democracy will be glad to see
it restored to its former honorable posi
tion. No great party in this country
should be controlled by agitators, and
Democracy must get rid of Altgeid and
Tillman, or else the country will get rid of
Democracy.
SALISBURY'S SPEECH.
The address of Lord Salisbury at the
Lord Mayor's banquet in London was
chiefly notable for the references made to
the settlement of the Venezuelan contro
versy, the possible interference of the
powers for the protection of Armenia, and
the position of the British Government
with reference to Egypt.
On the first subject, Lord Salisbury's
statement will be satisfactory to the
American people. He declares: "Our
difficulty for months has been to define
settled districts, and the solution Has, I
think, come from the Government of the
United States that we should treat our
colonial empire as we treat individuals;
that the same lapse of time which protects
the latter in civic life from having their
title questioned should similarly protect
an English colony."
While the Governments of the United
States and of England have not yet
reached an agreement as to whether the
English colonies in Venezuela have any
right tnere, against the claims of the
Venezuelan", it seems clear from the
statement of Lord Salisbury that the
principle upon, which the question is to be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
decided has been virtually determined,
and, this being so, he was perhaps justi
fied in saying tbat the Venezuelan ques
tion is settled.
Tbe explanation why England does not
interfere alone for the protection of Ar
menia is so lucid that it would seem there
can iiardly be any further dispute on tbat
subject. The only way to protect Armenia
would be to send there a force sufficient to
make an armed occupation of the country,
and this England is not able to do. Until
a concert of action among th« great na
tions of Europe is arranged it would be as
foolish for the British to attempt to solve
the Turkish question as it would be for
this country to have attempted to settle
the money question by engaging in the
free coinage of silver without the aid or
co-operation ot Europe.
The statements of the British Premier
in regard to Egypt will not be so well re
ceived as were his remarks concerning
Venezuela and Armenia. It is not un
likely that his declaration on this question
may give rise to another European crisis,
for while he did not say so in direct terms
he nevertheless implied that the British
Government has no intention whatever to
evacuate Egypt.
This is the rirst time that a British Min
ister has ever officially made use of such
plain language in regard to the English
occupation of the Nile country, and will
be taken as evidence tbat England has
ceased to fear any coalition against her in
Northern Africa and is now well nigh
prepared to formally annex Egypt to the
empire.
The speech of the Prime Minister of
England at the Lord Mayor's banquet has
tbe form of a mere after-dinner talk, but
nevertheless for a long-time past it has
been regarded as one of the most respon
sible utterances of the Government. Not
even tbe Queen's speech at the opening of
Parliament carries more weight with
diplomacy than does the address at the
Mayor's banquet. It is certain, therefore,
tbat what Lord Salisbury has said may be
taken as the expression of the resolution
of the British Government on the three
great points to which we have referred.
Great Britain will submit to American
arbitration iv Venezuela, she will not give
aid to Armenia without the assistance of
other nations, and sne bas no intention to
evacuate Egypt. It is on this basis that
the nations of the earth must deal with
her so long as Lord Salisbury retains
power.
THE GUATEMALAN EXHIBIT.
It is pleasing to learn that the merchants
and manufacturers of California are tak
ing a keen interest in the Guatemalan ex
position aad intend to make fairly good
exhibits of California products. The issue
is one of considerable importance to the
State. In the nature of things our trada
in manufactured goods must be largely
with Central and South America and with
the islands of the Pacific. Everything
therefore which tends to build up that
trade carries with it a promise not only of
immediate good but of better things to
come.
It will be difficult for California to com
pete with the East except in the produc
tion of certain classed of fruit and some
quality of manufactures of woods peculiar
to the coast. The great mass of our man
ufacturing must seek an outlet by the
Pacific and a market in those lands which
border on tbat great ocean. Trade with
Guatemala may bo slight now, but it has
within it possibilities of growth. More
over what begins in that small country
may expand throughout all of Central
America and extend to the larger and
richer countries of the southern conti
nent.
It would be well for oar people to send
to the exposition not only exhibits of our
manufactures but delegations of the rep
resentatives of our merchants. The ex
hibit of manufactured goods would sbow
the Guatemalans what we have to sell,
while the representatives of our merchants
could study and learn what the Guate
malans wish to buy. It is within the lim
its of possibility that there are many
thing 3 now demanded in Central America
which we do not produce, but can produce
profitably as soon aa we know where to
find a market for them. " #
The pledge In the Republican National
platform to promote the upbuilding of the
American merchant marine gives pronii?e
of increased facilities for trade with
Pacific Ocean ports. If our merchants
find a market to the south or in the
Orient, we can rely upon it that there will
be favorable legislation to assist us in pro
viding the ships necessary to transport our
goods.
The first task is of course to find a
market. The Guatemalan exposition of
fers a good opportunity to achieve that
purpose, and by taking full advantage of
it we may in this dawn of the new era of
prosperity make the beginning of a trade
which will eventually secure to our mer
chants ana our manufacturers an oppor
tunity for an almost indefinite expansion
of the industry and the commerce of this
State.
PURE FOOD.
Two ordinances, intended to enforce
the regulations provided by the Board of
Health for food inspection have been
submitted to the Board of Supervisors
and referred to the Health and Polics and
Judiciary committees jointly. These ordi
nances affect the general welfare in im
portant respects and deserve attentive
consideration from ail who take an inter
est in auch matters.
One of the proposed ordinances aims to
prevent the furnishing of impure or adul
terated supplies to public institutions, and
the second is intended to prevent the sale
in the City of imp uremilk and meat.
The plan for carrying out the intention
is the same in each ordinance. It pro
vides for the examination and inspection
at open public stations of ail supplies for
municipal institutions, and of all milk or
meat intended for use as food in the City.
On the face of this plan there is nothing
objectionable. It would seem that inspec
tion at open public stations would be fair
both to the public and to those whose
commodities were to be investigated, and
that no harm could possibly come to deal
ers from such a procedure.
It has been clear for a long time that
communities will have to guard against
impure food. The American people, by
reason of the abundant supply of good ar
ticles of food of all classes, have been in
different to this subject long after Euro
pean nations have made important steps
in tbe direction of governmental super
vision. We are, however, rapidly ap
proaching European conditions. The de
mand for cheap food in this country has
led to the adulteration of various articles
intended for human consumption, and,
moreover, to the sale of diseased or tainted
meat. Diseases resulting from the use of
such food are dangerous to the entire
community, and it is not only the right
but the duty of those in authority to guard
against them.
Whetner the proposed ordinances are
the best that could be devised mast be left
for experts to decide. It is sufficient to
say the Board of Health should be clothed
with sufficient powers to protect the in
mates of public institutions and the people
generally against impure food.
The present board has done its work
well. The vigilance of the milk inspector
in particular has been noteworthy and
commendable. The people are on the side
of pure food. Popular sentiment sus
tains the Board of Health, and if further
legislation is needsd aa the proposed
ordinances suggest the Supervisors will
have the general support of the people in
enacting it.
PERSONAL.
Dr. £. G. Case of Ukiah is at the Baldwin.
James A. Van Voost of New York is in town.
Fred Searls, the attorney of Nevada City, is
in town.
Judge R. B. Treat of Los Angeles is at the
Baldwin.
L. F. Brnner, an attorney of Sacramento, is
at the Grand.
The Rev. W. A. Nllei of Trumansly. X. V., is
at the Occidental.
Frank H. Porter, editor of the Colfax Senti
nel, Is at the Grand.
E. Jacobs, the great grain-farmer of Visalia,
is at the Occidental.
N. R. Wilson, a business man of Fresno, Is
here for a brief stay.
E. Purser, the noted bookmaker of New York,
arrived here yesterday.
J. A. Northway, owner of the Union Hotel at
Nevada City, is in town.
W. Jones and wife of Memphis, Term., are at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Dr. Charles Lewis and Miss Lewis of Pitts
burg, Pa., are visiting the City.
Dr. and Mrs. McFarland of Syracuse, N. V.,
are among recent arrivals here.
William A. Farish, a wealthy mine-owner of
Denver, arrived here yesterday.
Rev. John Murray, a missionary of Shan
tung, China, arrived here last night
Fred W. Young, a wealthy business man of
Liverpool, England, is at the Palace.
L. E. Elliott of Lincoln, Nebr.. a cattleman,
is stopping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Senator W. F. Prisk of Grass Valley is among
those recently registered at the Occidental.
Albert R. Milieu, a prominent Republican of
Petal uma, is in the City on official business.
J. C. Lynch of Cucamonga, Speaker of the
last House of Representatives, is in the City.
Ex-Judge C. N. Sterry of Los Angeles, attor
ney for the Santa Fe Railrcad, is in the City.
Joseph A. Barwick of Sacramento, Director
of the State Weather Bureau, is at the Grand.
F. de Lessert of Switzerland was among the
arrivals here by the steamer from Panama
yesterday.
N. P. Brown, one of the proprietors of the
Nevada City Transcript, Is spending a lew
days here.
George D. Claybourne of Sacramento is on
business In the City and staying at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Edward and Frank Maloney of New York,
sons of ex-Alderman Maloney of that city, are
at the Palace.
Thomas Couch, the wealthy mine-owner of
Montana, who has large interests at Coulter
ville, is in the City.
Fred Noldeke, the commission broker, left
yesterday on the steamer Colon for Guatemala
to be absent two or three months.
John T. Williams, a retired business man of
Indianapolis, Ind., is on a visit to the Pacific
Slope and stopping at the Cosmopolitan Hote!.
A prominent party, consisting of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry A. Peabody, Alfred Peabody, N. E.
Borden, Miss N. J. Bordcn of Boston and Miss
Carrie S. Brayton of Fall River are at the Occi
dental. __________^__
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 10.— Mr. and Mrs. J.
B. Waitron, who are stopping at the Manhat
tan, were conspicuous at the opening of the
horse show last night. At the Sturtevant — U.
Fisher; Windsor — W. B. MacDonough: Broad
way Central— J. Franklin. J. Madison and
wife; Grand Union— E. P. Foster. Miss Anna
M. Alburtis, Charles 11. Hays of Los Angeles
will sail on the American liner St. Paul for
England. ____^_^^____^_
ORCHARD LANDS OF LONG AGO.
The orchard lands of long ago!
Oh drowsy winds, awake and blow
Tbe snowy blossoms back to me
And all tue buds that used to be!
Blow back again the grassy ways,
Oh truant feet, and lift the baze
Of happy summer from the trees
That trail their tresses in the aeas
Of grain that float and overflow
The orchard lands of long ago 1
Blow back the melody that slip*
In lazy laughter irom the lips
'1 hat marvel much that any kiss
Is sweeter than the apple is.
Blow buck tue twitter of the birds;
The lisp, the thrills and the words
Of merriment that found the shin*
Of summer-time a glorious wine
That drenched the leaves that loved It so
In orchard lands of long ago.
Oh, memoir, alight and sine
Where round the rosy pippin cling
And golden russets glint an 1 gleam
As In the old Arabian dream—
The fruits of that enchanted tree
The glad Alad<lin robbed for me!
And urowsy winds, awake and tan
My blood as when it overran
A heart ripe aj the apples grow
In orchard lands of long ago.
Jamks Whit-comb Rilit.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Younger sister— What are you going to do on
your birthday, Eva?
Eva (a belle of some seasons)— Oh, I don't
know. Take a year off, I suppose.— Punch.
Brown— Wnat Is the charge against the min
ister?
Robinson— He is charged with ponduct un
becoming a minister. It seems that he has
been attending sacred concerts.— Puck.
"Sprokett is In love with Ethel Gadsby."
•'Did he tell you so?"
'•No, bat he has replaced the picture of his
bicycle he used to carry in his watch by her
photograph."— Washington Times.
Teacher— Tell me a few of the most import
ant things existing to-day which did not exist
a hundred years ago.
Tom my— Us.— An swe r«.
Old lady— (the old style)— What, my dear,
are you dipping into the third volume to see
if they marry?
Young lady (the new style)— Oh, they were
married early in the first volume, I only
wanted to soe if it was really her husband who
poisoned her.— The Sketch.
"Your friend Is an artist, I think you said."
"No, Mr; I did not I said he drew pictures
for the Sunday papers."-Phlladelphia North
American.
An Aberdonian, who, making a morning
call, was asked if he "wudtaf a dram," sober
ly declined. »'Twas too airly the day," he
said, "besides, I've had a gill already."— Town
and Country Journal.
Scene: Collier's cottage. Wife (leaving for
the town with a basket on her arm)-An' dae
ye think, John, that I've minded everything
I m to get when in the toon ?
John-Ye micht mind to bring me In half an
ounce of snuff.
Wife-Deed, no, John; the times are too
hard for sic extravagance! Ye maun list
taiS) ce XK T ewi n<M6 Wi ' * tttawl ~ O>U|OW < Scot "
Some there are who sigh for greatness,
borne for virtue, gome for gold:
Bom* there are who ne'er will marry
But for love alone, I'm told.
I care not for lands or castles,
i care not for fame or birth;
All I want la a man to wed me
Ere 1 bid adieu to earth.
—Cleveland Leader,
Aunt— Come here, Frits, at once.
Fritz— Not unless you promise me another
piece of cake.
"No more cake to-day."
"Then I won't come. I'll see if I can't enre
your stubbornness."— Fliegende Biaetter.
Doctor— Just place this thermometer under
your tongue, Mrs. Peque, and keep your lips
closed tightly.
Mr. Henry Peque (after a few minutes oi
speechless delight)— What will you take for
that instrument, Doc?— Puck.
MR HANNA
New- York Sun.
To the unequaled organizer, amttzing politi
cal and supereminent non-partisan, Mark
Hanna of Cleveland, Ohio, this Nation owes
this morning the profoundest irratitude.
Not because he had the wit to pick out a
winner in the Republican ranks and the loy
alty and energy to put his candidate through.
Not because he organized for victory with a
scientific precision which has no parallel in
the history of Presidential campaigns. Not
because he conducted tne business in hand
with a smoothness like to that of the oil of
Lucca, a vigilance that neglected no cor
ner or by-place in the vast territory over which
his eyes swept like searchlights, and a magna
nimity which kept his soul urruffled and his
brain effective under personal abuse the
most vicious and brutal, perhaps, which any
man holding his post has ever had to en
counter.
These are matters of decree, and in these
matters Mr. Hanna differs in degree only from
other able and successful campaign managers
wno have preceded him.
His title to true greatness and his certificate
of lasting fame in this: Cheerfully and with
out hesitation, in the midsi of a campaign
elaborately planned to follow certain prear
ranged lines of management, he reconniee.l
the commands of au authority higher than
that of Republican partisanship and shaped
His course accordingly.
It takes a great leader to revise his entire
p<an of campaign, to abandon his precon
ceived ideas of policy, to fling away what
seemed to be the mainstay of his own candi
date, and to proceed to victory under the
oannerofanew and unforeseen issue; but
that is what this leader has done.
When Mr. IJanna, the Protectionist and the
mend of William McKinley, gave up his orig
inal plan x>t subordinating the question of hon
est money to t hut of the tarill", and manfully
accepted the dreaded word gold, which others
hud lorcyd Into the St. Louis platform, perhaps
apainst his own desires at the time, lie broad
ened the issue from Republican partisanship
to ISational patriotism. Ue made this victory
possible when he made it possible for patriotic
Democrats to vote with patriotic Republicans;
and he made it possible for patriotic Demo
crats so to vote when he put eside the tariff
schedules and raised the flap.
Having tuken up the flag, Mr. Hanna bore it
on to the glorious result wnich brightens the
skies this morning; and to Mr. Hanna, the
non-partisan, the Sun extends the assurances
of its most distinguished consideration.
NATIONAL INTEGRITY VINDICATED
Philadelphia Times (Dem.).
Never since the re-election of Abraham Lin
coln in 1864, when the country was in the ter
rible throes of fraternal war, was there a con
test for the Presidency that involved an issue
of such vital moment as tbat which was over
whelmiugly decided by the people in the elec
tion of McKinley. It was an issue between
National life and National death; an issue be
tween prosperous industry and impoverished
industry; an issue between enlightened
progress and advancement and tne fatal retro
gression of decay. It was a contest that called
into play the most artful and ingenious power
of the demagogue, to play upon the passions of
the unfortunate and tempt them to the self-
Infliction of even greater sorrows upon them
selves than they are now suffering; but the
American people have proved their integrity—
and more, they have proved that the life of the
Republic can be safely trusted to its present
sovereign power.
The election of JicKinley to the Presidency
is not a partisan triumph. True, he is h Re
publican; anoarnest, unfalteiiug Republican.
His administration will be distinctively Re
publican; his patronage will be awarded to
his Republican friends; but, above all, he will
stand firm as a rock in the execution ot the
imperious mandate of the Nation to maintain
its integrity, its dignity, its honor and its
matchless advancement. While the triumph
carries with it all that is involved in a Repub
lican victory it is more distinctly a victory or
the patriotic people of all parties of the Na
tion over elements which have impaired our
credit, paralyzed cur industries, brought stag
nation upon our commerce aud trade, made
capitai retire from active enterprise and
sought to sow the dragon's teeth oi sectional
and class hatred among the people, who have
overwhelmingly declared for a common
brotherhood.
AFTER THE BATTLE
The Pop. bosses and blatherskites die hard,
but they die just the same.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat.
A political party cannot lose its brains and
its character and then elect a President of the
United States.— Cleveland Leader.
It will probably be some time before a Presi
dential candidate again engages injthe hippo
drome style of campaigning.— Kansas City
Journal.
Judging by the results the Bry&n visit to
Cedar Rapids and other places must have been
paid for by Mark Hanna.— Cedar Rapids Re
publican.
The Post does not approve of betting, but it
would lay a small wager that Air. Brynn will
not be the Democratic Presidential nominee
in 1900.— Washington Post.
Senator Gorman went out to head off the
McKinley cyclone iv Maryland. Any infor
mation as to Mr. Gorman's whereabouts will
be thankfully received.— New York Mail and
Expross.
Schilling was to some extent right after all.
The people of the United States were no more
disposed to vbte for a 50-cent dollar than for a
aollar made of sauerkraut.— Milwaukee Sen
tinel.
Next time the silver-producing State wants
anything they will know better than to hitch
"Tip with a lot of red-shirted communists, Ca
lamity Janes, discarded politicians, and brob
dlngnagian liars when they start after it.
Fort Wayne Gazette.
Bryan, who has been speaking at a ratio of
sixteen speeches to one day for months, did
not speak on Tuesday. The people did. It was
the first chance to get in a word edgewise, and
they utilized it to admirable advantage.— Cin
cinnati Commercial Tribune.
A "crown of thorns" and a "cross of gold"
and other cheap and tawdry rhetorical
properties, somewhat frayed, but otherwise as
good as new, can be had at a bargain by ap
plying to W. J. Bryan, Lincoln, Nebr. Stamps
should be inclosed with ail offers.—lndian
apolis News.
To the great State of Illinois must be given
the right of the line in the grand procession of
sound-money States. New York and Penn
sylvania have larger pluralities, but Illinois
has roiled up a plurality of 125,000 in the face
of a foe who has held the field and could have
won it the vota had been taken the day after
the Bryan-Altgeld convention adjourned.— In
dianapolis Journal.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
There is said to be a probability of the re
lease of Dr. Jameson and Sir JohnWilloughby.
Frau Amalia Matcrna has bought an estate
at Gratz, in Austria, where she intends to live.
It is asserted that the Emperor of China has
not yet received Li Hung Chang in audience.
Dctaille, the French artist, has been com
missioned to paint a picture of the recent re
view at Chalons to be presented to the Czar.
I am told on very high authority, says a
London correspondent, that the Prince of
Wales has practically decided to go to Canada
next year.
Olga Hilton, a native Alaskan, is studying in
a New York institute to perfect herself in
household economies with a view of teaching
the methods to Her countrywomen.
Miss Clara Stimson of Honlton, Me., owns
and manages large shingle-mills. She will
saw about 8,000,000 shingles this year— of
course, by proxy.
The Washington correspondent of the Phila
delphia Ledger revives the rumor that ex-Min
ister John W. Foster may become Li Hung
Chang's chief adviser.
Reuben E. Moss, who has just died at his
home in Elmira, N. V., was a lineal descend
ant in the sixth generation from Johu Moss,
who settled in New Haven, Conn., in 1639,
and who was a signer of the "original com
pact" and a representative In the Colonial
Legislature.
■ It was often said of M. Adrion Leon, who hes
just died near Bayonne, France, that he saved
the republic by a single vote. On February '27.
1875, when the remodeling of the constitu
tion was debated he supported M. Wallon's
amendment fixing the conditions for the elec
tion of the President.
Kate Douglas Wlggin, who recently added
Riggs to her other names, has a cottage in
Maine on the Saco. When she took it the
place was run down, but she has made it at
tractive and beautiful and the quiet spot is
her favorite working place.
Lord Dufferin, British Embassador to Paris,
has just presented nis papers of recall to
President Faure, at the Elysee Palace. He
was escorted from the embassy, a proceeding
somewhat unusual in republican France, by a
battalion of the Twenty-eighth Regiment of
the line. During the entire route of tfie pro
cession, including the return journey to the
embassy, the regimental band played "God
Save the Queen."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Two Capitals — Subscriber. Oakland. The
only State in the Union that Had two capitals
is Rhode Island, and she has them yet, Provi
dence and Newport.
The World's Population— B. J. R., City. It
has been estimated that the population of the
world could be congregated in a space or
twenty square miles.
The Blaikmorb— G. T. 8., City. The English
ship Blairmore, which turned turtle in the bay
and was subseaucntly righted, is now at the
rolling-mills wharf undergoing repairs pre
paratory to being sent to sea again.
Thk Votk for Mator-J. W. G., City. The
number of votes polled for candidates for
Mayor in the Ninth Precinct of the Forty-first
Assembly District at the recent election was
as follows: Phelan 120, Taylor 75, Laumeister
20, Diamond 8, O'Donnell 3 and Everett 0.
The Australian Ballot— E. S., City. The
Australian ballot system, or some form of it, in
force In forty-three of the States, is in force in
the whole of each Btate, except in Kentucky,
where it is in force only in Louisville, and in
Florida, where it is in force only in Jackson
ville.
First Issue of Greenbacks— G., Stockton , Cal.
The first issue of "greenbacks," amounting to
$150,000,000 and the three subsequent issues
amounting to $350,000,000 more, were made
"a legal tender in payment of all debts, public
and private, within the United States, except
duties on imports and interest on the public
debt."
Congressional Distriw— C. H. H., City.
George A. Knight was a candidate for Con
gressional honors from the Third District of
California at the election held November 2,
1880, and he received 20,494 votes. His chief
opponent was Campbell P. Berry, w^io received
21,743. Musselman and others received an
aggregate of 274. Joseph McKenna waselected
Concressman 1 i 1884, 1886, 1888, 1890 and
1892, always from the Third District.
Suicides— B. J. R., City. The latest statistics
on suicide shows the following mte to every
j 100,000 of the population of the several coun-
I tries named: Saxony. 31.1; Denmark. 25.8;
BchleswiE-Holstein, 24; Austria, 2l.2; Switzer
land, 20.2; France, 15.7; German empire,
14.3; Hanover, 14.2; Queensland, 14.& ;
Prussia, 13.3; Victoria, 11.5; New South
I Wales, 9.3; Bavaria. 9.1; New Zea'and, 9;
South Australia, 89; Sweden, 8.1; Norway,
I 7.5; Belgium, 6.9; England and Wales, 6.9;
| Tasmania. 5.3; Hungary. 5.2; Scotland, 4;
j Italy, 3.7; Netherlands, 3.G; United States,
: 3.5: Russia, 2.9; Ireland, 1.7; Spain, 1.4.
That Was Anothee— R. P., Oakland, Cal-
This correspondent, who is a close reader of
"Answers to Correspondents," culls attention
to an answer in relation to the ' 'Dapce of
Death," and suggests that there was published
I in San Francisco a book of that name. The
] answer given was in response to the question
I asked, but as the other is interesting it is
\ given. Says our correspondent: "That was
; tne title of a small boob written in tbe early
! seventies by William H. Rulolson, of the old
I firm of photographers, Bradley & Rulofson.
I In this work the author condemned the waltz
; as immoral and leading to ruin. It was very
j plain in its statements and had a large sale."
Baldness— A. S., City. Baldness in the hn
man family arises from many causes. There
is accidental baldness, which may involve the
whole scalp or may be only in patches. These
patches may ruu Into each other, and some
consider this condition a sort of ringworm.
Sir Erasmus Wilson says it is caused by an
atrcphy of the hair follicles. Baldness in the
comparatively young and middle-aged may
occur from wearing waterproof caps, which,
preAenting evaporation from the head,
occasions an unhealthy state of the skin.
Senile baldness is not necessarily the con
sequence of old age; it may arise, like the pre
ceding variety, from an atrophy oi those parts
on which the nairs depend for nutrition. It
begins usually on the crown of the head,
where the supply of blood is naturally leRS
abundant. Women have more of soft tissue
under the skin, therefore the vessels are less
likely to be Interfered with; hence they
are not so frequently bald as men. The causes
of baldness &!••• the defective supply of nutrition
mentioned, h. i mily tendency, late hours, dissi
pation, but, especially old age. Tue hair falls
off after severe Illness or after other causes of
general debility. The treatment of baldness
consists in attention to cleanliness and In ex
citing tne languid circulation of the scalp to
greater activity by using a hard brush and the
application of stimulants. What the proper
remedy is in a particular case can best be de
termined by one who makes a study of hair
and hair disease.
LADY'S BLOUSE WITH BOX PLEATS
A very chic waist of claret-colored camel's
hair, with appliques of lace on the box pleats,
which finished the front of the waist, whs made
with a blouse vest of white chiffon, with ap
pliques of yellow lace to match that on box
pleats.
Another gown after the same design had
handsome ornaments on the box pleats of
embroidery ana beads in r pointed design
tnat reached to the bust. This gown was of
cadet-blue cloth and had a vest of brocade to
match.
A dress of black and blue wool had trim
mings of black satin in tbe shape of belt and
collar. Black braiding laid over plaid blue
cloth was set on the box pleats and vest was of
green velvet with crosswise revers of black
braid set quite close together.
GRANTED CERTIFICATES.
Another Batch of Teacher* Turned Oat
by the City Board of I.xamincrs.
At an adjourned meeting of the City
Board of Examiners held yesterday the
following recommendations were made:
That Mis? Carolyn L. Huntoon be
granted a high-school certificate on her
diploma of graduation from the State Uni
versity, and letter of recommendation
from tbe faculty showing that she had
completed the course in pedagogy; that
Miss Cecelia B. Nolan be recommended to
the State Board of Education for a life
diploma of tlio grammar grade; that cer
tificates be granted as follows upon the re
sult of tho late semi-annual examination
held in October: Special cerufumtes iv
French to Miss Eugenia La Coste and Miss
Adeline Belle Croyland, special certificate
in stenography to Mi»s Ken a Gruber.
A Brief Wit».
I Tho 1 will of Henry Gallagher, who died on
tho 21st of ' last month, has been filed. It is
dated August 20/1803. . and reads as follows:
"In case of my death I hereby leave all ray
property, real estate, personal mid Ufa insur
ance, to my wile, Ernestine E. GaUazher, tho
other members ol my family being amply 'psd-~
vided lor." '
Corriveau Kttate Lawysvt' F«e.
Crittenden Thornton and F,7 H."; Merabaca,
attorneys for ;; the executors of the estate o
Louis Corrive»u, have applied for the payment
of a fee of $1000. .- Judge Coffey will hear the
aDplicatiou to-morrow aiiemovu At 4 o'clock.
EDOUARD REMENYI
BOBS UP SERENELY
The Great Violinist Is So
journing in This
City.
He Has Just Completed Writing
a National Hymn for ,
Hungary.
CONTESTING FOE A GREAT PRIZE
He Accepts a Lcca! Composition at a
Part of His Concert Repertoire.
Praises Sauvlet's Talent,
Edonard Kemenyi, the famous Hun
garian violinist, is sojourning in this City
as the guest of G. yon SauvleU The fact
of his presence was not known until yes
terday, when his sprightly figure was
observed on the street, much to the sur
prise of his many friends and admirers.
Despite the tremendous pressure which
has been brought to bear upon him as a
result of the almost uninterrupted seriea
of concert tours on this continent for the
past three years, he still retains his old
time ardor, and the complaisant smile
which has always beeu characteristic of
this gf-nius is as winning as ever.
Mr. Kemenyi was seen last evening at
tbe Sauviet residence, on Fulton street,
where a few select musicians had gathered
to honor the event of the great maestro's
visit here.
Mr. Kemenyi would consent to perform
but one selection, and this was a simple
little ''Christmas Berceuse," written es
pecially for him by his friend Sauviet. Ue
declared that in point cf melody, effect
and general construction this work is in
deed of exceptional merit. After shower
ing endless praise upon the composer he
announced that he would bencelorth in
clude the composition in his concert re*
pertoire.
Mr. Remenyi ha 3 just completed a na
tional hymn, which he intends dedicating
to the King of Hungary. It is of the
impressive school and* calculated to
awaken the patriotic souls of his country
men. Mr. Sauviet performed the com
position on the piano, and forcibly illus
trated the fact that Kemenyi's calculations
are not based upon theory.
The facts which led up to his determina
tion in producing such a composition are
interesting to say the least. "You must
first understand," said he, "that Hungary,
being a dual empire, the Hungarians
recognize their ruler while in tbat coun
try as their King and not the Emperor of
Austria.
"We have three national anthems. The
'Rakoczy,' an instrumental number, and
an invocation and national church hymn.
The latter, by Haydn, is aiso used in Aus
tiia, and in order to nave a distinct Hun
garian anthem the Pariiameut has offered
a prize equal to about $20,000 for a compo
sition answering this purpose.
"The hymn which I have just completed
came to me as an inspiration and I nave
no doubt as regards its acceptance."
Mr. Remenyi has just completed a suc
cessful concert tour throughout the United
States and Canada, embracing a period of
one year and one day. His initial con
cert for the coming season will ta£e place
at Chicago on tho 24th inst. He is dated
in San Francisco for next March, and from
here his company leaves for an eighteen
months' tour iv South America.
California glace iruits, 50c lb. Townsend I*.'1 *.'
Dr. Maclagan, Archbishop of York, draws In
addition to his episcopal emolument of $50,
-000 per annum a military pension. In his
younger days the doctor was a lieutenant in
the Indian army.
Special information daily to manufacturer?,
business houses and public men by the Preii
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. •
"When you've a minute to spare," said the
insurance agent, "I'd like to talk to you."
"All right," replied the busy man. "Come
in. in about a year."— Philadelphia North
American.
Through bleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Pacific" Railroad, Santa p-,
route, will continue to run cafly through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, t leaving
every , afternoon. • Lowest through rates to alt
points In the Catted States, Canada, Mexico or
Europe. . Excursions through Ho-iton leavj
every week. San Francisco ticket office. 6*4 Mar
ket street. Chronicle building, telephone xuaiu,
1531; uaitland. 1118 Broadway. g33^Sl*&B
Phillips' Eock Island Excnmiom
Ij*nve ban - Francisco every Wednesday, via fUi
Grande and Hock Island Hallways. Throa?a
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters" accompany these excursion* tj
Boston. >or tickets," sieep!ng<araccommoda;ioai
and further, information address Clinton Joaoa,
General Agent ltocic . Island Hallway, »4 dtou.
gomery street, San ranclsco ;
"Mrs. Wingiow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been uspJ over fifty years by millions of
mothers for ihelr children whi.eTeethinsr with per
fect success. It soothes tbe chiirt, softens ihegnms.
allays Pain, cures Wild Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy for Piarrbceas, whether aris
ing from tee:hlns or ether causes. For sa!e by drug
gists In every par!, cf the world. Ba sure and ask
for Mrs. Wins'ow'g Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Corokaco.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further Dorth. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the ttote. d»l
Coronado, $65: longer stay $2 50 per day. Appljr
4 Sew iloutgomery st., Pan Francisco.
Neither Calomel nor any other deleterious
drug enters Into the composlttou of Ayex*a Pills.
A safe family medicine.
Harry— She has jilted me and I know I shall
die. The disappointment wili kill me!
Aunt Hannah— l know how disappointment
affects one. Harry. But you will get over it.
I felt just as you do now when I set that yeller
hen on thirteen sggs anJ jast got one poor
chich out of the lot— Bos:oa Herald.
.i . i
few. E*^~ -^9 j&%^
Absolutely Pure.
A cream of ' tarter buklni; powder. Hi K he*t of
liy v ai. UA&U<U .Towdbu Co.. New YOXki •WEDNESDAY. ......... ...NOVEMBER 11. 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
Bauhwiv Thkatkb.— "The Little Trooper."
. California Tbkatkb.- Rum.*."
Coi-rsfßiA Thkatkb— "Hendrlck Hudson Jr."
liloHosro's OncRA-HocsE— "The Alinute Men
Of 1774-75." - -..
Tivoi.i Opkba House.— "The Gypsy Baron/
Cr.rnyru— HlclvClass \ aodertll«.
A ica7.ak Thfatxr. " Heaping the Harvest.
>"kw Bcsh-stbeet Theater.— T. a. Kennedy,
the Hypnotist.
Metropolitan Temple.— Recital. Thurs
day afternoon.
fctmo 1 a- ns-Brthin« and performance
The Chutes and Bkatiko Rink.— Dally at
Balgut street, one block east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockky Club.— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cook & Co.— This day (Wednesday), China
ware, at 123 Kearny st., at 10:45 o'clock.
By Char. Lkvy <st Co.— Thin day (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 161 Ninth street, at 11 o'clock.
By L. H. Bvsn- Thursday, November 12, Fur
niture, at 211 Larklu street, at 11 o'clock.
£y Killif & Co.— Thursday. November 12,
Hones, at Van Ness avenue and Market sis. ,
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair weather— Forecaster McAdie.
A new bunko game called the "telephone
graft" has arrived in town.
The will of Henry Gallagher bequeaths his
entire estate to his widow.
Patrick Lagan has sued Margaret McAvoy
for §2280 for money loaned.
G. Ishnwaka, a Japanese farmer, died of beri
beri at 270 Braunan street on Monday.
Tbe Election Commissioners yesterday re
fused to call an election for freeholders.
The steam whaler Thrasher lost two boats
and their davits in a gale on October 31 last.
Creditors of Goldberg Brothers have bepun
proceedings to have them declared insolvent.
The official counting of the ballots was re
sumed by ihe Election Commissioners yester
day.
J. B. Carnbbio has sued Giovanni Calamaro
and others for $2662 on account of a garbage
iranchise.
The Church of the Advent yesterday opened
a free clinic with a staS of regular aud homeo
pathic physicians.
The petition for the dissolution of the Lafay
ette Guard will be heard by Judge Slack on tne
121 st of next month.
The winners at Ingleside yesterday were
Infiammator, Ostier Joe, Quanireil, Redding
lon and Two Cheers.
Dr. George L. Fitch has conceived a plan for
placing all the lepers of the country on a Gov
ernment reservation.
David Barry has been sued by S. A. Bernstein
for $855 30 en account oi goods sold to de
fendant by London & Mclntiro.
The taking of testimony of the charge of
murder agaiast Susie B. Martin will begiu in
Judge Wallace's court this morning.
Andreas Cavalli, a humble San Francisco
mechanic, has inherited' Mexican gold mines
from his brother, who lately died in Sonora.
The will of Joseph H. Meyer has been filed.
It bequeaths the entire estate, valued at
$1700, to Sophie Meyer, widow of decedent.
Louis Burmister and A. Levy were arrested
yesterday by Police Sergeant Anderson aud
pos.-e for aiding and abetting a Chinese lot
tery.
The ladies of Memorial Presbyterian Church
are giving a bazaar at Masonic Hall, South San
Francisco, for the benefit of the Ladies' Aid
Society.
Eleo Bricca, a boy 8 years of age who lived
at 915 Battery street, died yesterday from in
juries received from being run over by a truck
6everal days before.
Thomas Fitch Jr. has been sued by L. L.
Gamage for $-131 ana in.crest at 8 pjr cent a
year from November 11. 1892. due on a note
given in favor of C J. Liesi <t Co.
Junes McDonough, a miner, was yesterday
heid to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Joachimsen for assault to commit rob
bery upon a Monday night.
William Peters has been granted an injunc
tion restraining Gray Brothers from tearing
up his wooden sidewalk for the purpose oi
putting in an art:iicial stone walk.
Governor Budd appointed Alexander Vogel
sang, a young attorney of thij City, a Fish
Commissioner, to fill the place left vacant by
the resignation of William C. Murdock.
All of the life-saving siations along the coast
are being put in perfect order, that the service
may be in readiness at a moment's notice to
respond to calls of distress during the winter.
Police Surgeon Weil extracted the bulle
from Michael McNaliy's body, who was she
by John Carney Monday afternoon, and hi
chances of recovery are considered lavorablt
The filing of the articles of incorporation of
the California State Therapeutic Society Mon
day last is now learned to be virtually an
attempt to establish a fourth school of medi
cine.
Albert Duve, 651 Valle jo street, had Ms wife,
Francii-ea, arrested for battery upon him, but
acting Police Judge Barry yesterday dismissed
The case and advistd him to apply for a di
vorce.
Fred F. G. Harper of the firm of Sawyer &
Hough, Custom-house broKers, and Miss E. S.
Avereli were married last evening at the Third
Congregational Church, Rev. Mr. Kader of
ficiating.
P. J. Powers, J. N. H. Irwin and 11. a -Ralliba
" have appraised the estate of Andrew Little,
deceased, at $12,793 60. The property con
sists of cash in possession of tne administrator
• of the estate.
Mrs. A. Sanchez, who was found in an in
toxicated condition on the Barbary Coast Sun
day night with a baby in her arms, was sen
tenced to three months in the Branch County
Jail yesterday by Judge Campbell.
Judge Seawell has decided that Anton Clecak
cannot collect damages irom John G. Agar for
breaking up the saioou busine s In the base
ment of the Macdonough buhdine, corner of
Fourteenth street and Broadway, Oakland.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
ve<terday a communication was addressed to
President Cleveland, asking the chief execu
tive to personally interest himself in the Nica
ragua canal bills now pending in Congress.
While being towed to the gas works the
British ship Lancing went on a mud bank. It
was impossible to get her alongside the wharf,
owing to her draught, so ?he was towed into
the stream and anchored. The coal will be
lightered.
William Lang picked up a $20 gold piece
dropped by Gustave Kretzschnar in the Fair
Wind saloon and ran away with it. After being
chased several blocks he was caught by Officer
AiWen and charged with petty larceny at tue
Harbor police station.
The Stale Miners' Association opened its
.fourth annual session yesterday in Odd Fel
lows' Hail. Tirey L. Ford was tendered the
unanimous thanks of the convention for his
services to the miners The convention will
resume its session at 10 o'clock thu morning.
Judge Sanderson has given judgment in
favor of the Manhattan Lite Insurance Com
pany, in the suit brought against that corpo
ration for $2500 ul.eeed to be due for life in
surance. The court found that Mr. Knarston
did not keep his premiums paid up to the time
of hfs death.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
UmatiUa arrived from Puget Sound yesterday.
Bhe was patched and made water-tight and
brought down a cargo of wheat. After dis
charging she will go on the Union Iron Works
drydock for repairs. She will be ready for sea
again Inside of two months.
HEW TO-DAT.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head in
Its worst form, and it continued spreading
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. I had a fine head of hair,
seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice it. ■ I
was in despair. r Th« physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one recommended
Cuticcra. Soap. * My father procured a set of
Cuticuka. Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
hue. ," In tix voeek»:lvaa* entirely cured. '. My
face was smooth' and my complexion clearer
and finer thaa it had ever been before. *^8a
Miss MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
Bpeedt Crißß — Warm baths
with Cuticuba ? Soap, gentle / applications }of
CcricrßA 'ointment), and mild doses of CuTC-
cuba Resolvent, greatest of humor, cures,
Sold throughout the world. Price, Crrrrruiu,
Boap. 2.5 c.; Uisolt«rt. Me. md $1. Fottkb JDkl-o
A»i> Cheii. Corf.. Sole Props.. Boitoo. • ■•--
**• - How to Cue the Wont Bombs," mtU«4 ftM.
\fter Striking the Vessel Was Beached. Later She Was Pumped Out and the Fore and After Holds Made Water Tight. She Was
Then Towed Into Port by the Tugs Magic, Tyee and Tacoma. The Above Is From a Photograph by a Port Townsend Amateur.
THE UMATILLA'S
MEN WERE COOL
She Returns After Her
Wreck Near Port
Townsend.
Captain Hunter Pays a Glowing
Tribute to the Bravery
of His Men.
AIL STAYED AT THEIR POSTS.
Departure of the Frawley Company
on the Steamer Australia for
Honolulu.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Umatilla got in from Puget
Sound yesterday with a cargo of wheat.
After discharging she will co to the
Union Iron Works, where she will be
docked for repairs. To look at the vessel
as she steamed up to her dock no one
would ever think that for weeks she had
Jain on tbe beach with the water up to
her main deck.
Over a month ago the Umatilla left here
for Victoria, B. C. On arriving at that
point a pilot took charge for the voyage
around the Sound and ran her on the
rocks near Port Townsend in a dense fog.
A big hole was torn in the vessel's bottom
and she began to fill. Captain Hunter
tnen headed the vessel for the beach and
got her into shallow water before she
went down. Captain Hunter and Chief
Engineer Lacey are both almost worn out
with the work of attending to ihe raising
of the steamer and both are proud of the
fact that sac is once more in San Fran
cisco.
"I cannot say too much for my crew,"
said Captain Hunter. "Every man stuck
to his post, and firemen kept steam up
while working up to their knew in water.
There was no panic among the passen
gers, but none of them would go below
until Chief Steward Curtis got the galley
fire gome at 4 a. m. and made coffee and
toast. When everything was ready the
gonj: was rung, and the boya rounded all
the cabin passengers iuto the dining-room
for a snack. That put heart into all of
thorn, and they became more cheerfnl.
They had hardly finished eating before the
water be^an entering the dining-room,
but the passengers did not know it. N-xt
Mr. Curtis saw that the steerage passen
gers were taken care of, and thea het>r
dered breakfast to be got ready.
"By this time the water was a foot deep
in the galley, bnt the cook and his assist
ants stuck to their work, knowing that
| the vessel could sink very little lower, and
jby7a. M. a fine meal was prepared. Then
the cabin passengers were marshaled into
the steerage and served with as good a
meal as they would have received at sea,
only the surroundings were not as pleas
ant. After tue cabin passengers had fin
ished the tables were cleared and then re
set for the steerage passengers. I tell you
a good meal puts heart into a man or a
woman, and to hear those passengers
laughing and joking after the tables wera
cleared you would never think we had all
had a narrow escape from going down in
deep water. Ali> well that ends well,
however, and Curtis deserves all the
credit for the inspiration that made him
get that coffee and toast ready at 4 o'clock
in the morning."
After the water had been pumped out
of the Umatilla the tugs Magic, Tyee and
Tacoma took hold of the big steamer and
towed her to Port Townsend. The ac
companying sketch is taken from a snap
shot made by an amateur photographer
while the tuus and their tow were making
for the Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
landing at Port Townsend. After some
temporary repairs the vessel was put on
the drydock and big timbers weie placed
over the hole and bolted to the hull.
Everything was made perfectly water
tieht, and then the Umatilla went to Ta
coma to load wheat. It will be several
months before she will again be ready for
service.
The British ship Lancing stuck in the
mud off the gas works early yesterday.
She was being moved from Union street
to the gay works to discharge her coal
cargo, but as she is unusually long and
has a big draft she could not get alongside.
She was afterward pulled off and anchored
in the stream. A berth along the front
will be secured for her and the coal will
be lightered to the gas works.
The members of the Hawaiian National
band again attended the sailing of the
steamer Australia yesterday. There were
over 500 people on the wharf, and they one
and all 'thoroughly enjoyed the playing
and singing of the band.
The Frawley Company went down on
the steamer. They will open the Royal
Hawaiian Opera-house, and in three weeks
will present twelve plays. Jacob Gottlob
went with the company as manager. The
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
THE UMATILLA BEING TOWED INTO PORT TOWNSEND.
players who went are: T. D. Frawley, ]
W. G, Ashley, M. Arburkle, Blanche ]
hates, George Bosworth, Miiu Burgner,
H. 0. Clarke, Miss M. Cook, Agnes
Creigbton, H. S. Duffleld, Mrs. Duffield, j
Wilson Enos, George W. LfSlie, Thomas
Phillips, Miss Pixley, Lansing Rowan.
Frank Thompson, Hope Ross and Frank
Worthing. j
Besides the Frawley Company the fol
lowing-named passengers sailed:
K. F. Bishop, Andrew Brown, C. A. Brown,
George A. Brown. L. 11. Cook, Mrs. R. J.
Creighton, Frank Davey, G. P. Dennlson, C. 5?. ;
Desky, wife and two children, Miss Josephine
Deyo, A. Drier, wife ana Jour children, K.
Drier, I narles J. Fishel. J. C. Flanders, Mrs. M.
L. Flanders. Miss M. Louise Flanders, Miss Car
oline W. Flanders, Geo. E. Forrester, Miss M. J.
llartwell, F. R. Harvey, George w. Heiutz,
J. A. Hopper and wife, Miss M. I- Hopper,
A. Homer, wife and twochlldren, Melancthon
M. Hurd and wife, Miss Hurd, P. C. Jones and
wife. Miss T. Jones, Miss Alice Kitchen, Mrs.
L. I. Lame. S. Wr Lederer and child, Walter A.
Lowrie, Mrs. \V. J. L^wrie, M. F. Lucas, John
M. Maxwell and wife, James McCudden, Miw
McCudden, J. S. Muirhead, Miss Osmond, Miss
Pearson, Gus Geglen, James R. Renton, J. W.
Revard, S. B. Rose and wife, E. C. Shorey and
wile. Miss Jennie Watt, Mrs. C. Weaihtrwax
and two children, Mrs. Widemann. S. \V. Wil
cox and wife, Mi»s A. Wiloox. W. K. Winn, A.
B. Wood and Mrs. Frederick Yates aud child.
Tho whaling bark California docked at
Howard No. 3, and will be discharged and
iitted out again. Wallace James, the sec
ond mate, was not at his post, however,
and the men say he left the vessel on the
Siberian coast. He and Captain Fisher
and Chief Officer Pease could not get along
together, and all because, the men Bay,
.lames was the best whaler on the ship.
Fisher and Pease are brothers-in-law, and
as James was not liked by them his life
was not a pleasant one. He left the
wiialer on the first opportunity, and took
passage on the schooner Borealis for Vic
toria, B. C He is there now and will sail
next season on a sealiue cruise.
A big tleet of ships arrivad off the heads
yesteiday afternoon, but the fcg settled
down alter three of them had been made
out. The first to get in was the German
i ship BrittnniA, in ballast from Caleta
• Buena. Captain Haesloop reported that
on the Bth inst., wiien 200 miles off San
Francisco, he saw four three-masted and
one four-masted ship and one bark, all
bound for *»his port. The Edinburghshire,
69 days from Newcastle, N. 8. W., with
1934 tons of coal, and the British sbip'Dra
maiis, 54 days from Sydney, N. S. \Y.. x»t
in later on. Tne bark Mohican from Hon
olulu was seven miles out when last heard
from. She has come up in the remarkably
fa«t time of eleven days, but unless a tug
picks her up she will not get in before this
morning. Four other ships are outside, but
could not be made out from the Point
Lobos station.
The whaling steamer Thrasher got in
last night with 2100 pounds of bone, 200
barrels ol oil, 390 pounds of ivory and fltty
foxskina. Captain Coean reports that on
October 31, in latitude 47 north, longi
tude 180 west, he ran into a heavy south
west gale. The steamer was swept from
stem to stern and two of the whaleboats
and their davits were swep: away.
Gustave Kretzschmar went into the
Fair Wind salcon on the water front
yesterday, and when payine for his drink
dropped a $20 gold piece. William Lane,
who was standing by, grabbed the monej
and ran. Kretzchmar followed, yelling
"stop thief," but he got tangled up among
the Market-street cars and fell. Lang ran
down East street toward Folsom, and
Officer Aiken took up the chu«e. Ho
captured the thief near Howard street and
took him back to the Harbor Police
station, where he was charged witn petty
larceny.
There was a small fire on the Vallejo
steamer Sunol yesterday. A bundle of
oily rags fell on the stove, and in a few
moments there was a blrize. The coot was
away at the time, and belore he got back
the woodwork was in a blaze. An alarm
of lire was raised and the fire hose was
got out. Before it was put In operation,
however, the blaze had been extinguished
by throwing buckets of water on the flames.
The damage was flight, aud there was no
excitement among the passengers.
ANOTHER GREAT DRY-GOODS
STORY.
Livingston Broi. Will Open on Post
Street March 1.
D. and S. Livingston, of the firm of
Livingston Bros., have lea«ed a large store
on Post street, In the Crocker building,
where they -will open up with a large stock
of dry goods March 1. They leave to
night with four department buyers for
New York and Europe, and will return to
San Francisco about January 1. This en
terprise has been long under considera
tion by them, but would not have been
entered into except for the success of the
sound-money ticket in the late election.
It is only one more of the many new en
terprises which will he started up in San
Francisco to give employment to hun
dreds of men and furnish the most com
plete refutation of the claims of the
Bryanites.
A Forgetful "Native Son."
.Tue Hoy, a Chinese, who claims to be a
native son of California, was before United
States Circuit Court Commissioner Ileacock
yesteraay on a writ of habeas corpus. He wai
refused a lauding by Collector Wlee, but bo
fore the Commissioner he made out a (rood
case until one of tbe Collector's lnnpecion
threw * wot blanket on the fellow's testimony.
Moy Mid that he had worked three years at
QuongOn'i store at 1007 Dupont street. The
inspector testified that when ha took Quong
within half a block of On's store the native
son could not tell which way to go to roach
the place. Now the Chinaman claims that lie
did not understand the interpreter's question
when asked the direction to the store. The
case was continued.
Trunks Moved 25 CeuU.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.
Tel, main 19. Furniture moved reasonably.*
SPECIAL ELECTION
NOT PROBABLE
Non - Partisan Committee
Did Not Receive En
couragement.
Election Commissioners Were
Not in Favor of Making
Haste.
CONFERENCE LAST EVENING.
Report of the Proceedings of the Day
Was Discussed, but No Action
Was Taken-
Joseph Britton dropped into the Mer
chants' Association yesterday and not
finding J. Richard Freud at home, left the
following note:
"The Election Commissioners have re
fused to call an election for freeholders."
This is the outcome of a visit paid to
the Commissioners by a committee of
Non-Partisans consisting of Joseph Le
Breton, Frank J. Sullivan, George K.
Fitch, A. S. Hallidie and Joseph Britton.
Mayor Sutro was not present, but J. M.
Block and H. T. Creswell represented the
board. Both said they were in favor of
the charter, but they could not see their
way clear to the calling of an election of
freeholders. They believed it was not ad
visable to rush through a special election
in time for ratification at the next session
of the Legislature.
Mayor Sutro is strong in his opinion
that there should not be haste in prepar
ing a cnarter and that competent lawyers
should be employed to guide the free
holders and prevent tfie introduction of
unconstitutional provisions, such as were
found in the recently defeated charier.
Such being the case, tbe absence of the
Mayor did not cut much figure in the de
cision given by Creswell and Block.
"Tne refusal of the Election Commis
sioners to call a special election for free
holders settles the whole matter," said J.
Richard Freud. "My idea was, however,
that the refusal was based principally on
the lack of funds. It would cost $50,000
to hold two special elections and tne tax
levy, which does not provide for that ex
penditure, has. already been made up to
tbe end oi June, 1897.
"It is a very hard proposition to collect
subscriptions at large from merchants and
others interested in the framing and
adopting of a new charter. The thing is
that you can not guarantee them that the
charter will be accepted by the people.
Hence, it is almost useless to canvass for
funds from door to door.
"Our experience has been in this last
election tbat about 33,000 citizens failed to
vote for or againat tbe charter. It is that j
they were uneducated up to its provisions.
Therefore a campaign of education would
have to be inaugurated.
"Just think of it, an organic law of this
City being untouched by the voters wno
were so minute in their choice as to place
their cross next tA the names of candi
dates running even for the unexpired
terms in minor offices.
"The charter educational feature should
be kept up until the Legislature meets in
January, 1899, owing to the decision of the
Election Commissioners.
"In November, 1898, there will be an
election for Governor, and in the begin
ning of that year the fifteen freeholders
could frame a charter and submit it to the
people either at anotner special election
in 1898 or at the general Gubernatorial
election. If it is ratified by the reople at
that election it could be submitted at the
Legislature which meets in January, 1899.
j That would be the regular way "a new
charter could be put through.
''Thife process is in accordance vittx sec
tion Bof article XI of the constitution of
California and is the regular method of
acquiring a charter by cities of more than
3500 inhabitants.
"There is a method of getting a new
government for the City of Man Francisco
in accordance with section 6, article XI,
of the constitution of this State, substan
tially as follows:
"Cities may be organized under general
laws whenever a majority of the electors
voting at a general election shall so deter
mine. And all charters'shall be subject
to general laws. Under that section (6) a
general law may be passed by the Legis
lature tbat will meet in January prond
ing for the government of San Francisco.
And it will have to be adopted at a gen
eral election. The next one will only take
place Id November, 1898. 8o that will be
tne first opportunity for the electors to
vote on that charter handed down by tbe
Legislature.
'•T c serious objection to acquiring a
new government f r the City as per this
last metbodj is that this charter will be
subject to general laws, except as to mu
nicipal affairs, and there ia do certainty
from the decisions of the Supreme Court |
as to what are exactly municipal affair?." I
A largely attended meeting of the ex
ecutive committee of the Non-Part : sans
was held last evening. George K. Fitch I
presided. Nearly all the members of the
committee were present. The doors were ;
closed at the beginning of the proceed- |
ings and were kept closed until the end,
which was at a late hour. About as tbe
committee were closing their discussion
Mayor-elect Phelan came in and some of
the points that had already been con
sidered were gone over once more.
The entire evening was consumed in
talking over the charter. The Non-Par
tisans are a^ eager as ever they were before
the general election to have some instru
ment adopted for the government of the
City wbicji shall be more in accordance
with their views than the much amended
and often construed consolidation act.
The real business of the evening was to
hear the report of the committee consist
ing of Frank J. Sullivan, Joseph Le Bre
ton, George K. Fitch and A. 8. Hallidie,
who yesterday confeired with the Board
of Election Commissioners with the pur
pose of urging that a special election for
freeholders should be called at once. The
committee conferred with City Attorney
Cresweil and Tax Collector Block, and
also with Garret McEnerney. Nooneex
cepting the committee was adm itted while
this report was made and during the sub- :
sequent discussion. No definite con
clusion was reached. This was given out
upon authority at the hour of adjourn
ment.
From another source it was learned last
evening that City and County Attorney
Creswell conveyed the idea to the com
mittee who called upon him yesterday
tbat he considered the inakmp of a char
ter a matter of considerable difficulty, and
he believed that the proper way to go at
it, if it shonid prove to be advisable at this
time, would be to employ able counsel.
He made no secret of his opinion that
three lawyers of skill at least could be
satisfactorily employed to weigh, word by
word, and to consider the legal bearing of
every proposed provision. Such skill
would guard against errors into which
laymen might possibly fall. He opposed
baste in the adoption of a cbarter.
CLOSED A SALOON.
John A gar of Oakland TVim * Big
Damage Stiit.
Judge Sewall of the Superior Court yes
terday handed down a decision in the case
of Anton Clecak against John &. Agar,
executor of the estate of Joseph Macdon
ough, deceased. The complaint alleges
that Clecak and Peter Miocivich rented
the basement of the Macdonough block,
corner of Fourteenth street and Broad
way, Oakland, for ten years at $200 a
month; that after Macdonongh's death
Agar endeavored to regain possession of
the premises, and in this effort had the
plaintiff arrested for illegally selling liquor
after midnight; that be employed two
witnesses at $50 each to prove this charge,
employed an attorney, and secured the
revocation of plaintiff's license, causing
rum to abandon the business, wherefore
be asked for $24,000 damages.
The attorney tor the defense interposed
a demurrer and on this the case was de
cided.
Judge Sewall mid that the actions of
Agar, even if admitted to be true, were
performed in his individual capacity, and
not as executor of the estate. He added:
It wo'Ud be unreasonable and oppressive to
subject the heirs and devisees of an estate to
liability and loss for the personal torts of an
executor, as to which he is not required to
give any security and for th« commission of
which his office of executor gavo him no spe
cial opportunities.
Assuming, then, which I very much doubt,
that the acts complained of would have been a
breach of the covenant for quiet enjoyment, of
the premises If performed by Macdonough, I
do not think that the defendant is liable in his
capacity as executor lor the damages occa
sioned to plaiutiff thereby. •
Judge Sewall therefore sustained the de
murrer and gave judgment for tne defend
ant.
NEW TO-DAY.
lr~) ELECTRIC
m? BELTS
>^$2.50 to $25.
The Belt that others charge you $40 for
we guarantee to furnish for $25.
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES,
$4.00 t0_525.00.
ELASTIC STOCKINGS . V . . . ; . . $2.50
TRUSSES ............r $1.50
We have an immense stock of Trusses
: and guarantee a perfeot lit. .
Scott's Catarrh Cure
6 months' treatment, ©o 50
Call for free trial. •■ «jpO._
KC\O/ SAVED on the price of prescrip.
O" /O tions, as we ' pay no : percentages
to Physicians. ;•
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
; ';■ 953 ' 3VTctx>ls.et Street, '
' boutb side, bet. Finn »aU sutu.
AMONG THE LABOR UNIONS
There Is a Very Great Local
Demand for Good Sh:e
makers.
Cigar-Makers to Pass Upoa Union
Constitutional Amendments — Coast
Seamen's Wag s.
At the next meeting of the Cigar-mak
era' Union action will b» taken upon the
amendments to the constitution of the In
ternational Union. These changes were
recommended by the Cigar-makers' Con
vention which met in Detroit on Septem
ber 28. They all relate to the benefit
fund. At present $5 per week is paid in
sick benefits for thirteen weeks. The
amendment increases the time. The death
benefit for one year is $50; for five years
|100; for fifteen years $550, and so on. The
proposed change is to two years instead of
one, six years instead oi five, etc. The de
sire is to raise the out-of-work benefit from
$5 a week to $6 a week for six weeks. An
other channe is to provide that all mem
bers over 50 years of ape and who are out
of work shall ba paid $3 per week indefi
nitely. All the local cigar-makers' unions
in the United States and Canada will pass
upon the same propositions.
Ac the meeting of the Pacific Coast
Shoemakers' Union last evening the re
ports showed that the demand /or shoe
makera in this City is larger than ever.
All of the factories are running full forces.
Many styles of shoes, principally special
patterns that were not maae last year, are
being manufactured in large quantities
this year. There is so much of a demand
for good shoen\akers that a raise in wages
is expected. The raise will not caus* any
I immigration from the East, as workmen
! there will not come so far West on specu
lation. The rai«e in wages will come
from the effonsof the manufacturers lo
secure the good men in other local fac
tories.
The Shinglers' Union is preparing for a
fine entertainment and ball, that will take
place in Academy Hall, on Mission street,
on the evening of Saturday, November 28.
Professional talent Irom the theaters will
assist in the entertainment. A large at
tendance is expected.
It is a pretty well established fact that
the ship-owners were and are anxious to
I make a general cut in the wages of sailors.
| Reports made at the meeting of the Coast
I Seamen's Union show that while several
coal vessels for the north got cheap crews
the ship-owners have practically aban
doned their efforts to break down sailors'
wages. None of Ihe union sailors have
NEW TO-DAT.
II \ 'ii # ty '}\ l iff I
1/P' If
JS9 pil
We've a hobby.
It's good upholstery;
Our upholstery is as good
as we can possibly make it.
Picture— new parlor set.
Not at all expensive.
Curly birch finished dark;
very rich, awfully stylish.
Silk cover — hair stuffed —
good springs.
Everybody says tb<Jse $7.75 extension
tables are splendid value. Several left.
Catalogue free. Send one to a friend
that needs it.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) C: Carpets
117 Geary Street Mattings
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
I IrWItOLAl rWlt0LAf < iILR.C-OTTLOD« c?- itiitJAnDrurMitßJ---
- -NOTHING LIKE IT SINCE THE—
CORIIHE ::: 6XTRAVA6ASZJI ::: COMPANY
, v AI'PKABEU HKItE LAbi*.
"HENDRICK HUDSON JR."'
61 PEOPLE IX THE KNSEMBLK.
Gorgeous, Glittering, Glorious Spectacle |
16- — GREAT DANCERS— 16
Next Monday- "HUMANITY."
JOSEPH GRISMKK & PHCEBK IJAVIES.
O'Farrcll Street/Between Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Nov. 11.
Parquet, any seat, 26c; Balcony, an/ seat, 10
..■.■■-- .. Children, 10c, any paw-
A BILL OF COMKOY < AND NOVELTIES 1
"-"■•■ The l.uteßi Kuropean sensation,"
IAVAKTKK'S DOG ORCHESTRA!
HOWARD AND BLAND
_^— QUA KE X CITY QUAKTET —
Last Weelc of the 3 HORN BROS.. 11ERR
GKAI-, ELDORa AND NORINE
And a Great Vaxtdevill c Company.
CREATED A FUROR I
FANNIE BLOOM FIELD
ZBISLBR!
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
NEXT RBCITALi
TO-MORROW AFTERSOOJ at 3:15 P. M.
ThirtY Recital, ; Saturday Aft., Not. 14
LAST ' REOITAIi
Monday Evening, November 16.
PRICE 9-81.00, 81.50 and 81.00.
Sale of seats | now open at Sherman. Clay & t'o.'s.
BKLASCO. DOA-VE <X JomuV.L'MWi ■ -tl.vis.jeri
an IMMKDIaTB IMPRESSION i
First production on liw Pacific * oast of
— "REAPING .THE HARVEST!"
Night-lac, 25e, 35c. 50c. Matiueea— lsc, 23c, 35c.
Telephone, Black 991. : '.
THE CHUTES.
. Admission— Adults Hie, Children sc.
Open From Noon Till 31liliiight. ..
Arlon, i Skatlne Rink, : Ahlmatoscope-PREE I
1 BALLOO-N ASCENSION SI'.NOAY.
NEW TO-DAY.
ITS CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. Jt.'s cures that count. It
is cures that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
world for its market. But
sales prove nothing. We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit :
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
accepted the reduction, as they do not
care very much whether or not they work
in the winter season.
The Bowers' Dredger Patent.
Alphonzo B. Bowers and John B. Brown
have begun another suit in equity against
the Oakland Iron Works in the United States
Circuit Court. This is one of half a doten
similar actions to determine the rights as to
a patent hydraulic dredger. One case was de
cided In favor of Bowers, but an appeal was
taken to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals. In the last case an injunction is
prayed for to prevent the Oakland Irou. Works
irom further infringing on the patent.
Attached by Creditors.
Prlngle Brothers, the shoe-dealers of 1101
Market street, were attacked yesterday by L.
D. Ratto, the collector, for $3500, comprising
the claims of Eastern and local creditors. It
is thougnt that with careful management of
assets the firm will pull through.
HEW TO-DAT.
Selling Schilling's Best
tea, and giving' money back
if you don't like it, is good
healthy business; and some
grocers enjoy helping.
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 448
: - -
MEW TO-HAT— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHaymax & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor
All This Week Matinee Saturday.
Only High-class Comic Opera This Year!
DELLA FOX
And Her Superb COillC OPERA CO.. manage-
ment S. T. Kins:, presenting her success-
ful Opera,
LITTLE TROOPER!
By Clay 11. Greene and Wm. Furst.
Original Scenery and Costumes !
Selected Cast ! -60 People !
Next Week— Miss Fox In "FIiETJR DE LIS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
AlHavkak & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT —TWO WEEKS ONI/T !
The rand Romance of the Czar's Realm,
DARKEST RUSSIA!
Under the Management of Sydney K. Kllia.
The most intense and realistic play seen In
years, depleting Kussia as it is to-day. Replete
with effects, groupings and tableaux. ißfllWi
Klaborately staged, beautifully costumed.
Every act a scenic picture.
A Company of Superior Excellence.
Kegulur . California Theater Prices—
gsc to 81. _^___
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUSE
MB3.KBXKSTIXX KRKi.rxo. Proprietor dtilaaa it:
THIS EVENING
' THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH!
Johann Strauss' Romantic Comic Opera
OYPSY
BARON"
(Der Zigeurner Baron.) __
Splendid Cast! Superb and Correct Costumes!
Picturesque Scenery! ' - ;
—Brilliant Light KiVecta and Accessories!—— '
"Dag ist Au<Kezeichnet."
IN PREPARATION
" JJoxixia_Tuaxiita ! "
Popular Prices... 25c and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. ..PoIe Lessee and Managvr
IT PACKED THE HOUSE!
First Production in This city of James A. Herns'*
:Milit:.ry Drama.
"the Him ME* OP 1774-75 r
A Full of Patriotism and Love,
VICTORY UaTEMaX as borothv.
-. HOWARD KVLf; asKoanoke.
, RETURN OF LiKSLIK MOROCCO.
ETcnlns Prlco<»— loo.' 25c nnil 500.
Matinees Saturday anil Sunday.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KENNKDY. ..Sole Manager
The Laughing Season Now in Full String.
HYPNOTIST,
King of All Fun-Makers'.
EVENING PRICES— 10c, 15c, Ssc. 50c.
Matinees Sat. and Sun.— loc and 25c.
"WATCH FOR THE MAN IN A TRANCE.
HORSE SHOW
EXHIBITORS!
Please note that entries will
close positively en
SATURDAY, 14th Inst.
HORSE SHOW ASSOCIATION
; OF THE PACIFIC COAST,
M ILLS BUILD ING.
PACIFIC COISTJOCREY CLUB
(ING LESI DE TRACK),
COMMENCING OCTOBER 28.
: FIRST UACE AT 3 P. M.
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack . in A merles.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
ADM15510N.......... 81.00.
~ . Take Southern Pacific trains at . Third and
Townsend ats. depot, leaving at 1:15 P. M. Tana
Sl lssioii-sc. electric line direct to trace . ' .
:■■' A. H. HI'RECKELS, President.
W. SL Leak*, secretary. . ...
SUTRO BATHS.
• Open Dally from 7 A. 81. to 11 P. M.
Concert JKvery Afternoon and Evening.
Admission— Adults lOc. Children sc.
I School children admitted trie Saturdays, 7 a.m.
to 6 1". M.
78
VALLEY ROAD
GIVEN CREDIT
Official Words of Praise
for the Competing
Line.
Pertinent Comment Made by
Railroad Commissioner
La Rue.
BOASTS THE ETJNTINGTON LINE
Jurisdiction of Street Railroads Viewed
From the Standpoint of the
Commission.
Another installment of the interesting
report to be submitted by the Railroad
Commission to the Governor was pre
pared yesterday by Chairman La Rue and
<>nlv awaits the approval of the other
members of the commission to be incor
porated into the official document.
In this contribution the claims of the
Southern Pacific Company that the 8 per
cent reduction attempted to be made on
grriin rates by the commission was unjust
and virtually a confiscation of the corpo
ration's property are reviewed in the light
of the heavy reductions brought about on
the Southern Pacific lines by the competi
tion of the Valley road, and some perti
nent and striking comment is evolved.
The question of the juri-diction of the
commission ov?r street railways is also
treated at considerable length and several
newai'd important points are developed.
On the subject of rate reductions the re
port will say :
The contention of the Southern Pacific Com
puny was and has at all times been that a re
duction oi rates of freight, us proposed by the
resolution offered by the chairman of this
board, would be contiscatory of their prop
erty.
Tne commission did not adopt the resolu
tion making a reduction of 15 per cent and 20
per cent as proposed, but did, afu-r a long and
careful examination and consideration ot the
question, make an avenge reduction of 8 per
cent upon all grain rates as then in force from
the interior to tidewater over the roads of the
Southern Pacific Company.
The company claimed that this small reduc
tion wouid be confiacatory of their property,
that it was unreasonable ana unjust, and com
menced an action restraining this board from
enforcing compliance with said order reduc
ing rates.
Since the commencement of said action
above referred to the San Francisco and San
Jonquin Valley Railway Company hats been
constructed, and Is now in successful oper
ation between Stockton and Fresno, a distance
of 125 miles, carrying both freight and passen
gers and affordiug adiitional transportation
facilities to the farmers ard business com
muniiy generally of that rich and fertile
ci.untry through which the road is located.
It is paralleled on each side the whole dis
tance Itom Stockton to Fresno by railroads
owned and operated by the Southern Pacific
Company. As soon as the Valley road was so
far completed as to enable it to transport to
market the grain crop of the section oi coun
try through which it passed a schedule of
grain rates was prepared by said company and
submitted to this commission for its approval,
which was upon campu.ri.-on with the schedue
of grain rates adapted and published by this
commission found to Correspond with said re
duced rates, being a reduction of about 8 ver
cent from the rates charged by the Southern
Pacific Company between Stockton, Fresno
and intermediate points prior to the comple
tion of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway. la addition to the above
noted reduction the San Francisco and San
Joequin Valley Railway abo.ished the switch
ing charge ot 10 cents per ton at Stockton,
which prior to the operation of the Valley
road was charged by the Southern Pacific
Company.
The Valley road, also in connection with
their railroad, made a rate from Stockton to
Port Costa and San Francisco by water of 50
cents per ton, being a reduction of 50 cents
per ton from Stockton to San Francisco upon
the rate charged by the Southern Pacific Com
pany between said points.
Believing the schedule of rates submitted by
the Valley road to be reasonable and just they
wer»» approved and adopted by this board.
Notwithstanding the contention made by
the Southern Pacific Company in the case now
pending before the United States Circuit
Court, and at all times to this board, that the
rates then established and charged were as
low as they could be made and pay a reason
able profit, and that the reduction as pro
posed, if adopted, would entaii upon the com
pany losses so great that the company would
be thrown Into insolvency and their railroad
and other property into the hands of a re
ceiver, immediately upon the opening of the
Valley road the Southern P«ciflc Company re
duced the rates between Port Costa and Stock
ton and all stations on their respective roads
that are in competition with the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Road. Said rates so
made by the Southern Pacific Company were
In many instances lower than the rates estab
lished by this board, and that were by them
declared and charged to be unjust, unreason
able and confiscatory.
The reduciions above referred to, as made
by the Southern Pacific Company, will aver
age more than 15 p<-r cent lower than the
rates of January 1, 1895, and are a greater re
duction than provided by the original resolu
tion asking for an average reduction of 15 per
cent on thi grain rates of 1895. With a com
peting road running between Stoctton and
Fresno, with water connections to Port Costa
and San Francisco, the business Is divided
then there is a short crop and less than the
usual tonnage to move. Yet with this mate
rial reduction in rates, averaging (including
the abolition of switching charges at Stock
ton) more than 15 per cent from former rates
the Southern Pacific Company is still being
operated, presumably at a profit.
We have not yet heard that it is unable to
pay its current expenses, fixed charges, etc ;
or that from this slight reduction anu compel
titlon it is likely to become insolvent and to
pass into the hands of a receiver.
We believe the rates as now charged from
these competitive points are reasonable just
and ample, and aa much as the traffic can
afford to pay.
After quoting- the section of the consti
tution giving the Railroad Commission
power "to establish rates of charges for
the transportation of passengers and
freights by railroads or other transporta
tion companies," the report will refer to
the act of the Legislature defining the
powers of the commission. In this the
term "transportation companies" is de
clared "to mean and include all com
panies owning and operating railroads
(other than street railroads) within tne
State."
Commenting on this the report will say:
By this act it would appear that it was the
intention of the Legislature to remove from
trie commission, so far as they had power all
control of street railroads.
While the Legislature may grant the com
mission additional power to aid it in the dis
charge of its duties and to carry out the inten
tion of the constitution, can it curtail or re
htrict its powers and jurisdiction and take
from it that control which the constitution
evidently Intended it should have?
The important question arises What are
street raiiroads? Are they confined to the
corporate limits of a city or town to carry pas
sengers from one point of the city or town to
another and confined to the public streets
thereof ? Or do they Include all railroads
operated upon the streets of a city or town and
upon the public highways through the coun
try from one city or town to another and
which carry mail, express matter, passengers
and possibly freight ?
Are not all these transportation companion,
and should they not be unaer the control of
the commission? Or should they be subject
to the control of the city and county authori
ties in whose territory they are located?
These ure questions of much importance
which ought to be judicially determined at
an early day.
Hince the introduction of electricity as a
motor power railroads operated by electricity
huvcj multiplied very rapidly, not only in the
cltleii, but throughout the whoie country.
They have already done away with mosti.f
the roadn operated by horse power, and are
l»«t lupcriedlng those that have been oper
»i*rt with *team as a motor power in both city
«i.'! - '<untry.
MimUt* power tetnu to be especially adapted
and desirable for local, express and passenger
traffic. In a few years our State will be trav
ersed in all directions and our county roaas
occupied by electric railroads carrying freight
Md passengers. .
Should they be considered transportation
companies and subjected to the control of the
Railroad Commission?
Reference is made to the unsuccessful
attempt of the commission to make an
examination of the books of the Market
street Railway Company for the purpose
of determining whether or not a reduction
of fares on the line of the company could
be made without depriving the company
of legitimate profit. In this matter the
jurisdiction of the commission over street
railroads was denied.
Commissioner La Rue's comment on
this p.iuse of the situation is as follows:
The Legislature, in the passage of the act
hereinbefore referred to, in defining the term
"transportation companies" obviously in
tended to remove from the control of the
commission the right to regulate fares upon
street railroads, seemingly in conflict with the
true intent of the cons tltution.
It is then recited that the matter has
been referred to the Attorney-General for
bis consideration and counsel.
The I > i in <>n . I Estate Trimt.
Mrs. Eleanor D. Jarboe, Paul R Jarboe Mrs.
Mary G. Tobin and Joseph S. Tobi-n have filed
a bill equity against Horace G. Platt and B.
P. Oliver as trustees, and John 1)1 mond Jarboe
a minor, seeking to obtain a division of certain
trust fuu'is placed in the handsof said trustees
by the late General W. H. Dimoad. It ap
pears to be a friendly suit in which different
members of the family have Joined, Mrs. Jar
boe and Tobin being daughters of the late
General Dlmoud. The trust fund amounted 10
$22,528 74.
A CHAPEL FREE CLINIC,
The Church of the Advent Ee
gins a Good Work for
the Poor.
The Plan Is on Lin?s Similar to Char
ity Work by Churches in
New York City.
An interesting and humane experiment
in free clinics is now under way at the
Church of the Adveut, on Eleventh street,
ROOM IN THE CHURCH OF THE ADVENT SET APART FOR FREE CLINICS.
near Howard, where a number of parish
ioners met yesterday with Rev. John
Emery and others to dedicate the north
rooms of the basement to the purposes
embraced in the church plan of charity to
the afflicted and hflpless.
"I got the idea while studying the work
of our church in New i'ork on the East
Side," said Rev. Mr. Emery yesterday,
"and 1 concluded that we could" do some
thing of that kind out here. We have
had a successful clothing bureau for along
time, where we dispense clothing to men,
women*nd children; but medcalaidis
often more necessary than clothing.
"Our parish is very large, ext nding
from Fourth street to Eleventh and from
Market to the county line. JThen we have
a triangular territory north of Market
.street from JVlk to O'FarreJl, and there
are many deserving poor in our territory."
Drs. M. H. Atkins and M. D. Harvey
are the regulars of the staff of physicians
and Dr. Guy E. Manninp represents the
homeopathic side of the staff. There will
soon be a specialist for diseases of the
eye, ear and tnroat. The hours are from
10 to 11 a. m. daily, except on Wednesdays
and Saturdays, when patients will be
treated from 11 to 12.
The plan of giving aid will be to charge
patients 25 cents for medicines and noth
ing for medical treatment. Tickets will
be given to members of the congregation
for judicious distribution among worthy
members.
Jurors in Contempt.
The • new trial jury was called yesterday
morning by Judge ;. Morrow of the United
States District Court and all responded to their
names except E. J. Cumralugs, John S Mitch
ell, Barclay J. Smith, . Wjlliam A. Tobin and
George J. Smith. Citation* were issued: for
the delinquent jurors to appear on Friday and
show cause why they should not be punished
for contempt of court. Seventeen jurors were
excused. ; District Attorney Fooie asked that
the accepted jurymen be excused from duty
until the 23a inst. It was i-o ordeied.
• — ♦ *
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take laxative Bronio Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiuud the money if it l&ils to cure. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
HAVE ADDRESSED
THE PRESIDENT
Members of the Chamber of
Commerce on the Nica
ragua Canal.
Sydney Complains That the Pa*
c fie Coast Exports Poor
Lumber.
NO STATION FOR TAMALPAIS.
Weather-Chief Morton Says That High
Mountain Observations Are
Not Practical.
The board of trustees of the Cnamber of
Commerce met at 2 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon and considered several important
matters, among which W33 the establish
ment of a class in navigation at the Lick
Sciiool of Mechanical Arts.
Professor George A. Merrill, the princi
pal of that institution, was before the
board and save valuable information re
garding the practical benefits of such an
action as contemplated. After a consulta
tion the chamber decided to appropriate
sufficient money to furnish the necessary
fittings and instruments for the new
?chool. Professor Merrill stated that he
would lay the matter before the Lick
School board of truatees at their next ses
sion.
Communications were received from the
Chamber of Commerce of Hongkong in I
relation to the trans-Pacific cable and
irom the Sydney Chamber of Commerce
relating to the lumber trade of the Pacific
Coast. This letter from the secretary of
the New South Wales chamber speaks of
certain complaints coming from con
signees of that place regarding the quality
of lumber cargoes shipped from this coast.
The writer refers to that of the Rolz.
which vessel arrived at Sydney from Ta
coma August 20.
The communication was ordered to be
sent to the Pacific Lumber Co»pany for
consideration.
The lollowing letter was also received
from the Vallejo Chamber of Commerce:
The disbursements of public moneys at the
navy-yard for labor is about $1,200*000 per
annum, 75 per cent of which is spent in Val
lejo at the various stores lor supplies and '2s
per cent goes to Oakland and San Francisco.
The navy pay office at San Francisco dis
burses for "open purchases," etc., about $2 -
500,000 per annum. Had the Oregon fitted
out at Mare Islai-d her disbursements would
have been about 9*30,000 per month.
The four Senators and Congressmen at Wash
ington and Oregon will endeavor to prevent
the necessary appropriations for Mare Island,
and will us- their utmost endeavors to pro
cure the largest appropriations for the navy
vard and drydock at Port Orchard, Puget
Sound.
The removal of Commission Rock in Napa
Creek and the dredging of the channel in San
Pabio Bay, off Pinole Point, for about two
miles will remove all obstructions in the way
of the largest ships going to Mare Island.
The partial closing of the navy-yard at Mare
Island nnd the development of "the plant at
Port Orchard would be an irreparable loss to
California and once started can never be re
covered.
A communication was received from the
chief of the United States Weather Bureau
regarding the request for a station to be
located on the summit of Tamalpais in
which the writer denies the petition.
He states that the experience gained from
placing stations upon Pikes Peak and
other high isolated elevations has taught
the bureau that there is no practical bene
fit to be gained from such stations. They
are an expense and are too far removed
from agricultural centers for use.
The chamber discussed this terse an
swer and came to the conclusion that
Chief Sterling Morton did not quite un
derstand the situation. Tamaipaia, al
though only 2604 feet above the breakers
that fall against its base, is from its loca
tion a most admirable place for a weather
station. It is not only situated on the
western verge of the continent, but it
overlooks San Francisco Bay ana the ad
jacent inland waters and a great plain of
agricultural lands north and south.
The chamber decided to address an
| other communication to the weather office
on the subject explaining the situation
more fully.
The following communication was or
dered sent to President Cleveland relative
to the canal measures now pending in
Congress:
San Francisco. November 10, 1896.
To fits Excellency Grove' Cleveland, President of
the Lmted States of America, Washington, D. C—
iiR: Ihe Chamber of Commerce oi San Fran
cisco respectfully calls your attention to the
Isational find pressing necessity for the prompt
construction of the Nicantgua canal. Our
| people have reason to complain that this im
i portant non-partisan measure, notwithstand
ing the repeated promises of favorable action
bfboih political .parties, has b'.en neglected,
while measures inuring to the benefit of selfish
interests have had precedence in Congress.
We ask you to aid us in procuring the
early enactment of wise National and pa
triotic legislation which will secure for our
country a waierway between the oceans, for
the enhancement of the prosperity of our
producers, manufacturers and merchants all
over the country, and also add to the prestige
and international influence of the great Re
public.
We are certain that in this you will have the
practically unanimous support of your coun
trymen and of the Congress representing
them. It will be a glorious beneficence added
to your administration, and will carry your
name in honor to posterity as the American
President who took the initiative in uniting
the two great oceans, and securing an Ameri
can canal under American control for the
prosperity and glory of the great Republic,
which has twice honored him with the chief
magistracy.
The Dilis now before both houses of Congress
with favorable recommendations of the com
mittees that have had them under considera
tion, with your poweiful approval in the forth
coming message to Congress, and your hon
orable influence supporting our position
thereafter, will assure us this legislation bo
long promised and of such importance to our
country. With the earnest hope that you will
favorably regard our Detition and with assur
ances of our high respect, we subscribe our
seives your obedient servants.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fbancisco.
Hugh Craig, President.
Attest: William L. Merry,
Secretary and Treasurer.
This was signed by all the members of
the chamber. A similar communication
was addressed to the Pacific Coast delega
tion in Congress.
Crap Game Raid. d.
A crap game in a room under the grand
stand at the Ingleside racetrack was raided
last night by Policemen Doran and Riehl.
Six stable-boys were arrested and taken to the
•Seventeenth-street station, where they gave
the names ot Charles Foster, Willia"m Ed
wards, Henry Clay, James Gets, James John
ston and William Smith. They are all colored
except Smith.
ONLY GRAHAM ABSENT.
He "Will Play in tb| Ball Pool Tourna-
mint Next Week.
F. W. Graham is the only man entered
in the Olympic Club ball tournament who
has not yet ihown up in the games. He
is off somewhere in the country selling tea
and coffee, and he writes to Dr. Burns,
who has the management of the games,
that ' c will only be here next week, and
will then be ready to give Thornton,
Hodgkins and the other crackajacks a
run lor their $1 entrance fee.
The score as booked last night is as fol
lows:
8arn5............... ■
Hardee/. * .II!
Hampton ........ 7" ."
Cunnlngnam ..-...; 
Lewis .....-..' .
Ward .;.............r."
Harri50n;.............^]"
rh0rnt0n ........
Vanda11. .......
Brlckell •••••••
H a1ien....... ""
Mallon . '....'*"'.!
Ilodgkins .*.*.""
P0pe......;..;,,,.....
Vaughn A. "'•"
Ktlwarda
810 cum. .......;...- .""*
Moore .....-..-. .."".*.**"-' : *'
Burnett, ;.„. *^.I!i ••••••
Bachman *.
L0ng... ...... ..........."'
Pocicwlts :..;..;...■..
James... ;. "•••••""•
ra.ior... ""
tiller :...; .-.M". '.'.'.'""
bpan.dlng.. ;■..... ' "
Atkin5^....;....;.;.".;.*.*".*.
Namks.
Games
Played
4
- 6
7
4 r
3
7
7
4
6
6
6
6
7
4 .
7
" 4 .•
9
12
;- 6--.
-8
.- 5"--:
-6 *•
•■>•• 4 ;- :
■ 1
3
2
a
Won.
0
A
"-4 ■•
I
o
a
5
3
1
4
I
a
6
o.
3
.0
7 -
9
2
7
-. 2>~
i.\z-y
I- 0 ■
;-. 0 .
3
0
0
Lost. '
4
1
3
2
3
4
a
l
4
2
4
1
4
4
4
2
3
4
1
3
3
4
1
0
2
2
The Cape Mounted Rifles are returned
as 816 strong to the Colonial Office List
for 1896. Cape Colony has also a volun
teer force numbering more than 5000 men. |
PREPARING 10
SAVE MARINERS
The Life-Saving Service
Being Put in Perfect
Order.
Several New Stations to Be
Built on This Coast Very
Soon.
A LETTER OF APPRECIATION.
How Those on the Wrecked Steamer
Arago at Coos Bay Were Res
cued From Death.
The approach of winter and the storms
that are always expected at this period of
the year has caused Major Blakeney of
the life-saving service to order the men
under his charge at the several stations in
this district to put the stations, boats and
life-saving appurtenances in perfect orJer.
Not that these are ever out of order, but
the major is always more anxious at this
season to have everything ready at a sec
ond's notice for an emergency call. Every
thing is now in perfect working order.
In discussing the service Major Blake
ney stated that there is more saved to the
mariner by prevention than by actual
work when there is occasion for action.
To illustrate this he cited the lite-saving
station at Point Reyes. Prior to the con
struction and equipment of that station
not a winter passed but that some vessel
went ashore in that locality, and the
wrecks were disastrous to life and prop
erty. Since the station and crew have
been mere only one wreck has occurred,
and that was a small lumber schooner
that was driven ashore by a severe storm.
The crew was saved by the station crew.
The reason tor it Is that in all weather the
men patrol the beach &nd cliffs day and
night and upon the approach of a v?ssel
warning sienals, such as rockets and gu:.s,
are Bet off in time to warn the mariner of
his danger. Many a vessel has thus been
saved by the coast guard. Another illus
tration lies nearer home. Many a vessel
went ashore on the San Francisco coast
prior to the establishment of the stations
here. All thai have gone ashore since
were driven in by adverse tides, against
which they were powerless because of the
lack of wind or poor steering apparatus.
They were warned just the same.
While those who have been benefited
by this important service deeply appreci
ate the good it does, fhe general public is
not always well informed as to t'lie sterl
ing merit of the life-savers. There was
one unfortunate crew who recently had
cause to appreciate the service and also
the fact that Major Blakeney had changed
a station so that the life-saver* could be of
use to those in distress. On this point the
following letter is self-explanatory :
San Francisco, Nov. 4.
Major T. J. B'akeney, Superintendent Tvcefth j
Uniud States Life-saving District— Dear Sin: I
take pleasure in writing you a few lines re- |
garding the wreck oi the sttamship Arago near i
Coos Bay jetty on October 20, 1896, and ihe !
performance of the lile-saving crew on that oc- i
casion, particularly Captain Haynes, who was !
in command of the lifeboat on that occasion.
I would state that when the lifeboat ap
peared inside of the jetty she was making al
most steamboat time and against a strong
flood tide, which convinced me that they were I
and had been from the time they knew of our
pl.ght doing all in their power ior us. After!
tretting to the north side of the wreck (a job
that required great courage and skill on the
part of Captain Haynes and great strength
and endurance on the part of the crew, who,
had they not been well drilled, would, I be
lieve, have been too much exhausted by the I
long pull they had from the station to the end
ot the jetty, to have performed it), several at
tempts were made to get us a line beiore it was
Bccompllshed— every attempt at the peril of
the lives oi the entire life-saving crew.
After getting the line to us Captain Haynes
instructed us to haul in and bend the hawser
onto one man at a time and have him jump
overboard and they would haul him into the
lifeboat, which they did until there were but
three of us left. Then as all indications were
that the mast would soon fall, Captain Haynes
told me not to wait to haul in the hawser but
bend the line we had around all three of us a
little space between us, and he would haul us
all at once, which we did. Captain Haynes
and his crew saved ail the men on the wreck
when he got to it.
I muit thank you for the lives of all of us
who were rescued by the United State Life
Service crew, for I believe that It was through i
your efforts that the life-saving station was
changed from Cape Arago, from where no life
boat could have reached u» that day or the
next. Yours respectfully, a. Reed,
Master steamship Arago.
The bureau at Washington is at present
con.einplating the enlargement of the
service on this coast. One improvement
will be the erection of a life-saving sta
tion at Grays Harbor where the British
bark Zinita went ashore two days ago. A
site was purchased there five years ago
and the plans are being prepared at Wash
ington. It will be iully equipped with all
modern life-saving apparatus"
Probably the first station to be con
structed and put in order wili be that on
the outside of Point Bonita a little above
the lighthouse. Its construction was au
thorized by the last Congress, but the site
is not yet selected. It will consist of a
modern builditjg, boats, etc. Inside of
the point in what is known as Pilot
Cove, another or auxiliary station will be
erected and provided with boars, chute
and all that will be necessary. One large
crew will be sufficient for both places.
Tlie idea is that in a northwest storm
when a t oat cannot be launched from the
ocean side, the crew will cross the low hill
and launch the boat in the Pilot Cove sta
tion and proceed out to the vessel in dis
tress. W nen the storm is from the south
or southeast the outside boat will be
launched when necessary. When the new
station is established it is believed that
the coast guard patrol service will save ail
kinds of water craft, even from the ap
proach of dancer.
Mayor Sutro Sued.
Suit was yesterday begun by the Golden
Gate Lumber Company against Adolph Sutro
and the Magic Transit Company for $739 58
snld to be due for lumber used in erecting a
scenic rnllwuy near the Cliff House.
KEW TO-DAY.
i INFANT HEALTH
SENT FREE
Si A little book that should be in every P
la- home. Issued by the manufacturers i§|
j?| or the p
| Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
I Condensed Milk
/ N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, Hew Totlt &
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
DEPARTMENT OF PHARMACY.
'THE GRADUATING EXERCISES WILL BE
■held at NATIVE SON'S' HALL, on THURS-
DAY, November 12, at 8 r. v.
Address by REV. GEO. EDWARD WALK.
The public are invited to attend.
W. M. dEARBY, Dean.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. V / :-
NEVSTCLOAKS!
TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, with box fronts <D 0 KQ $8.50 anil $10.00
and high storm collars wu, uw, wu.uu uuu tpiv.uv
BLACK AND NAVY BOUCLE JACKETS, box fronts, three-quarter silk <M|l fjfl
faced great value -. •• :....... ***•«.««
BROWN IRISH FRIEZE CLOTH JACKETS, buttoned to the neck, box (PIC fIQ
front and velvet collar; ALL SILK LINED.. tDIU.UU
TAN CLOTH SINGLE-BREASTED JACKETS, turn-over collar and <JJI7 Rfi
braided; ALL SILK LINED..... <PU.IHI
Also a laree line of HANDSOME NOVELTY JACKETS, LATEST EMPIRE
STYLES, at POPULAR PRICES.
A very choice line of RICH PARISIAN VELOURS CAPES and FUR COLLAR-
ETTES; New Designs.
SEPARATE SERGE DRESS SKIRTS from... v . <DC jfj .
UJU.UU Upward
HANDSOME LINE BROCADED SILK SKIRTS.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS TO OH>DER.
JS3Z3 lIABLA ESP»A.]VOI4.
G. VERDIER & CO
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
X "V'lljiilj.lEi X>E! PARIS. '
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
<r^^^M Means full of health. Are you
i$&M V *&? slow, spiritless ? Are your
;vjf/ill V^ t (f^w§^oM/ nerves lazy, your muscles flabby
tFIII I v i ta l functions lacking
I ULL Ui LII L
Means full of health. Are you
slow, spiritless ? Are your
nerves lazy, your muscles flabby
and your vital functions lacking
•W^^^jr'^^-^^^^\^|j in energy and vim? Do you
"^^■//flfftSa' wake up in the morning with a
W^fSfmJezZz^T ! ' dull headache, a tired, worn-out
l-^iS^^" 4i^^^/.^ feeling, as if you had not rested ?
jgoj&of These are some of the evils that
J^l^fP*: ~^^^^%^i follow past wrongs. It is tho
I=^^^^^>^ w\ r weakness in your nervous sys-
" '«» tern, and you need just such. a
'-■ '" >* j-\ remedy as
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
"I was troubled greatly with constipation, debility, and had a severe pain in my
back. My friends spoke of the deep lin^ in my face. I was stupid and lacking in
ambition, and felt wearied all the time. ' I urn now free from all the above .symptoms
through the use of your Belt, and have recovered my health in full," says George V
Dotterer, 621 Bush street, San Francisco. *
MAKES PEOPLE STRONG.
It is a modern life-giver. If you are weak in any respect it will
build you up. It cures all the effects of early habits and makes the
nerve and vital force as strong as ever. .Examine it if you can, or
send for the book, "Three Classes of Men," free, closely sealed.
"- i s»_^3NTx>E:a>ar :ei_:e: otieixo 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours 8 A. M. to 8:30 P M. ; Sundays 10 to 1. Offices at Los Angeles. Cal. 204
So. Brond'vay; Portland, Or., 203 Washington sfeet.
NOTE.— no mistake in the number— 33 3 Market street. '
MACKAYS
mtmStj flf*^^?^2^^*^^_^U__Vi. J »_ 1.1 If If
A SUGGESTION.
We have others more elaborate, ii
yon must have them. It's the same
with all of our Furniture— we start
you in right :.',:
We still have a few of the Rockers
we advertised last week at $2.85.
CARPETS.
Our prices and styles of Carpets \
continue to be the talk .of the town,
and why not?
Tapestry Brussels .55c to 85c !
Lowell Body Brussels. $1.1 0 j
Imperial Ve1vet5........... $1 10 !
Blgelow Axmlnsters $125 '
All .'prices sewed, laid and lined.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
*16 MAKKKT STREBT.
. j
4E«NYSf
! T8 THK VERY BEST (ire TO EX\Mm«
A yonr ey«» and fit them to Spoctaclei Inii I W»2 i
glastea with instruments ! of his o\v invent :
who « euprrlorltv has not been equaled. M°i__
cess has been due to ihe merit* ofTywwk. ?
Offlca Hours— l 2 tolr. _. _. ••<**.
»
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
TS A PUWERFUL AVhL . ODIIsrAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary or-im*
?l & Bexes > tnd a great remedy for diseases »l
Tnti ey " »"*■ "adder; ■"A *reat Restorative
Invigoratprand Nervine Sells on its own Merits 1
no long-winded testimonials m-ce-aary. '
•o?^ ER - ALFS * IiBUNK, Agents, . >
823 Market St. .B. F.— (Send for Circular)
|i§i_#SMAiiiooDi^oßED^sS!E
g£ \_A V 7 Coas^pat'ou- 1 1 stops all losios ,by da y o- f^rhV s - ,y arlco <-ele and
Sh« A wr»» r n euaramee (riven and money returned If six b oxos "°s not Af£J2 tion - 500 ° tp st«mc D i-
|U» a box, six for $5.00, by mall. Send for free circular and 1 1 *stim£n?ai£ ' 6 Verinaneat eura
Aidxe*. UAVOi, A-UiOi^ CO,, U7u Marlcei street. Sai Prw-ci^ C«L mr n V i
Are You III?
i Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Well
IF 60 USE
DR. MARTIN'S
111 11 11
OF THE AGE,
InD INTERN A U L UsY^ FOR EXTERN^
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains in Gen*
eral, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nerrous Com-
plaints, Disease mf the Stomach and
Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidney
Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds,
Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Headache, Earaohe, .Toothache. Sick-,
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, Swel-
lings, Boils, Soros, Ulcers, ' Colio,
Cramps, v Sprains, Bruises, Scalds.
Wounds. Indigestion, Skin Diseases.
Excessive Itrhings and many othe*
complaints too numerous to name here.
Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle,
_____ •
L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for th«
Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied
by Redington & Co., Mack <& Co. and Langlej
A Michaels, San Francisco. . . u*~~?- J
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
"*Z THH ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
v "&X b.?^,"* 1 * nd ,,°:?, 1 * ««•««•»* a.
tfr <l * P Wfig&;"< > '«< Brand in Ked and Gold mt£\ ToftjW
£fc «<=alod with bin. ribbon. Tak. VBr
7*7 .^> »W|n<» other. Xt/us, dangtrou, m»b,tu£ V
I L, qf' > ° tu -" ld " n i t ' ui9K *- UDra ««'»'«. or«OTd4<w
• ,wi to zf^l b rT^ imleai^°^^___Ss-¥2REGENTS HOLD
THE SUTRO SITE
Attorney-General's Appro
val of Contracts May
Not Be Required.
Professor Gay ley Allowed a Year
to Do Editorial Work in
England.
EIS SALARY IS NGT DOCKED.
Tne Board Again Defers Action in
°. -Selecting a Site for the Wi!-
merding School.
Regents of the university held an ani- ■
mated session yesterday afternoon. I
Opinions were expressed in a style to I
challenge attention. The members attend- I
ing were: Governor Budu, T. G. Phelps, I
John E. Eudd, C. F. Crocker, Charles M. ■
Chase, J. B. Reinstein, Chester Rowel!, I
President Kellogg, William T. Wallace, J.
"West Martin, E. A. Denicke, Charles W.
Slack, A. S. Hallidie, 11. S. Foote, J. D.
Lynch, George T. Marye and Major
M'hoon, attorney of the board. Mayor
.elect James D. Fhelan . and Dr. Beverley
K. Cole constituted the gallery.
. Contrary to the usual fashion, an ap
plication of Professor Gayley to be grant
.cd leave of absence for one year encoun
tered some resistance. The committee had
•r'eportea in favor of the request. Colonel
•Crocker asked the president of the uni
versity to make a statement of the case to
the regents. It was then stated by Presi
dent Kellogg that Professor Gayley con
templated going abroad to till an im
'vortant literary engagement in London
.with "the great publishrhp-house of Mac
.millan & Co. The professor had been ap
pointed as chief editor of an important
work on the comedy side of the English
drama. His sojourn abroad and his
, duties as editor would bring him into
close contact with the most advanced Eng
'„ lish men of letters, and thus enable the
*" professor to broaden himself. It was
broadly indicated that all the new knowl
, edge that Mr. Gayley would acquire while
rubbing up against English talent in let
ters would be unloaded in due time at
. Berkeley to the everlasting literary emi
nence of that classic spot.
The Governor signified his willingness
• to vote for the leave.
,•• Another regent dwelt upon the glory
which would be shed upon California by
• one of on professors editing a vast work
on the English drama for the "McMul
lens."
. " Mr. Hallidie remarked that the State of
California was called on to contribute
$3000 to the great work.
Judge Slack explained that Professor
Gayley would secure very little pecuniary
compensation for the work. The pro
fessor had been selected in preference to
other eminent sboiars to perform, the
 work.
The fact was brought out in the discus
sion that Professor Gayley lias taught
eight years at Berkeley. It was acknowl
. edged by all that the literary engagement
"would bring him in close touch with men
' of letters in England, but the argument
did not s cure a unanimous vote.
Judge Wallace, Chester Rowell, T. G.
Phelpsand A. S. Hallidie put themselves
on record as against the leave of absence,
but a majority voted in favor of the appii
catio.n.
It is assumed that Professor Gayley will
return to Berkeley at the expiration of his
• leave of absence, if he should elect to
resign and remain abroad for an indefinite
. career of broadening the regents could do
nothing but regret hi* absence.
"The subject of Affiliated Colleges was
"taken up out of order. Major Mhoon sub
> "mitted a communication irom Attorney-
General Fitzgerald. The letter of the
Attorney-General cites section 6, article X,
of the constitution, providing that the
labor of convicts shall not be let out by
contract. It was bis opinion that the con
• tract between the regents and the Ray
Construction Company for Folsom granite
was a direct violation of the letter and
spirit- of the constitution. The Attorney-
General wrote that he could not approve
the contract until the provision touching
Folsom granite was eliminated.
Governor Budd— l am not convinced
• that all the facts were presented to the
. Attorney-General. The constitution of
, 1870 provides that the work of prison
■ labor should not be used for the benefit of
contractors. The regents carefully con
- sidered this provision, and in order to
ma.ke the record unassailable adopted a
• resolution a long time ago assuring the
State Board of Prison Directors that the
• benefit from the use of the prison labor
would inure exclusively to the State.
' That matter, 1 think, was not explained
" to the Attorney-General. Unless he modi
lies bis: opinion we shall surely lose the
Sutro site, and perhaps the appropriation
may be lost. I think the matter should
• bi referred to the law committee.
Major Mhoon— l presented these con
. tracts to the Attorney-General. He called
Imy attention to the points of objection.
• The first point he made was against the
' use of Folsom granite, and the second
0 was that contracts for $248,000 had been
,-' awarded when only $125,000 was available.
He receded from the second point on con
sidering that $250,000 had been appropri
ated. I did all I could to convince the
Attorney-General that th» granite was for
the exclusive use of the State and not for
, the benefit of contractors. The Attorney-
General denies his power to approve con
tracts from tbe law of 1876. It is a ques
tion whether the board is subject to that
law, but it would be easier to go before the
Legislature than take tne question to the
Supreme Court. We might submit the
question to the Supreme Court to ascer
tain if the act of 1876 governs the regents
Judge Wallace refreshed the regents
with an elaborate and lucid argument.
He said: "I have always maintained that
the act of 1876 has no reference, to the
university. The Supreme Court has es
tablished by two decisions— if decisions of
that court* can establish anything— that
the act of 1876 does not apply to the re
gents. The constitution declares that the
regents have/an independent existence,
subject only to the act of 1868 and acts
amendatory thereof. Why, the law has
• not been repealed which provides that a
person holding a judicial position shall
not bold an executive office. That law
exists, but it has no force. If it were in
lorce Judge Slack and myself could not
serve on this board. I know the Attor
ney-General very well, and to my mind
' no one surpasses him in ability or hon
esty, but we have heard that even Homer
nodded. Fitzgerald has nodded in this.
We all know that the policy of the law is
to cherish free labor. We are not crowd
. ing free labor. Prison labor is quarrying
■ granite all the time. After it is lilted out
of the earth free labor takes it; Is tn<!re
any law to prevent the State from quarry
ing on State property? We propose to
I use this granite for the benefit of the State,
• not for the benefit of : the contractors.
A?ne Attorney-General misunderstands
T|ie facts. So obviously is there a funda
• mental error on the Attorney-General a
part that we cannot pass.it by without
notice. lam not anxious to throw myself,
into opposition to the r Attorney-General -
a man for whom I entertain so much re
spect. .The constitution says that the con
victs must be worked for; the benefit* of
the State. The manufacture of jute bags!
is much mere in opposition to free labor
ihan the quarrying of stone. It would be
absurd to say tbat cooks should be em
ployed to prepare the m^als for con
victs, but cooking is free labor and
& labor that we appreciate. The
Attorney-General has gone wrong on this
proposition. He entertains the idea tbat
contractors are to be benefited. We owe
it to ourselves to go along with this work.
We have possession of a site worth $80,000.
Sutro is tired and will not grant another
extension. I propose that we shall not re
linquish our possession. The work is go
ing forward now and we should not be
balked. Let us go forward. If we are
weak enough to let co we ouglit to lose.
It is said already that we have not shown
capacity for business. The people do not
understand the facts. They do not know
wuat these regents, who receive no com
pensation but give their time and talents
to the State, have <lone. Mow here is this
institution of Affiliated Colleges. The
people want it— lree labor vrants it. What
is the reason we cannot hold on until the
Legislature meets? This is an emergency,
and I hope that we will stand by our guns.
I will undertake to show that this con
tract does not require the approval of the
Attorney-General."
Regent Foote— l am absolutely of the
opinion that this contract is valid without
the approval of the Attorney-General. I
agree fully with Judge Wallace. 1 hava
known the Attorney-General for forty
years, and know that he is the peer in in
tellect and character of any man in the
State. We should do him the courtesy of
presenting to his notice Judge Wallace's
lucid arguoipnt.
Governor Budd— While Judge Wallace
may be correct as to the rights of the
Board of Regents under the constitution,
we must Dear in mind the conditions con
tained in the act appropriating money for
these buildings. The Attorney-General is
a member of the Board of Examiners.
Before one dollar can be drawn from the
treasury his approval must be obtained.
He is the legal adviser of the board. He
is a good fighter wben he is aroused, and
if this board thinks it can ignore the At
torney-General and co on with the build
ing it will rind construction long delayed.
I suggest that the law committee submit
to him all the facts.
Judge Wallace— Suppose we invite the
Attorney-General to meet this board.
Regent Pheips— Let us receive the ap
proval of the Attorney-General if possi
ble, but I do not propose to relax work or
relinquish the site. 1 move that the law
committee wait on the Attorney-General
and request him to meet with us next
Saturday afternoon.
The motion prevailed.
When the Wilmerding School matter
was called Mr. Pbelps moved a postpone
ment for three months.
Colonel Crocker opposed delay, remark
ing that a number came to the meeting
for the special purpose of considering thai
subject.
Judge Wallace — Why postpone it? We
are losing caste before the public. The
people be in to think we cannot do busi
ness. It is talked of everywhere. It is in
tiie newspapers.
Governor Budd — Is it in the newspapers?
Judge Wailace(resuming) — Why the peo
ple s:»y here is a man who gives us $400,000
and we do not use it. We postpone action
from June to November. We will get no
more money if sach a course continues.
People will say that we do not know what
to do with it.
Regent Hallidie advised against haste.
He said the fund was increasing $3000 a
month, and held that the plan of the
school should be determined before the
sight was selected.
Regent Reinstein held that the trust
would not be prejudiced by delay. He in
timated that the selection of a site at the
present time m ght array hostility to the
university in the Legislature.
Judge Wallace opposed the policy of
temporizing. "The safest way is to go
ahead and do our duty without regard to
consequences. If we do nothing the Leg
islature will cay that we cannot use the
$400,000 given to us."
Regent Puelps— The location is ths Jast
thing to be thought of. Our first duty is
to establish the character and scope of the
school.
Recent Martin opposed the idea of
locating the school away from the univer
sity and the influences of that institution.
He was sure that Mr. Wilmerding made
the gift with the idea in his mind that the
school should be under the immediate di
rection of the univeroit}'.
Governor Budd, addressing Regent
Reinstein, said: "You were the first to
introduce the idea that the Legislature
would be hostile after the location. Stock
ton will not carry the feeling to the Legis
lature. I have been charged by the news
papers with packing this board in the in
terest of Stockton. Now three of the four
regents that I appointed are going to vote
against my own town. I bavo not used
my position as Governor to influence any
one's vote. 1 think I have shown as Gov
ernor that I cannot be turned aside by
force or persuasion. To in/ mind Ala
meaa County is showing a little selfish
ness, considering that Mrs. Hearst is to
expend $750,000" at Berkeley and that
Reinstein Knows a man who is going to
expend $1,000,000. There will be no feel
ing in S toe k ton over the location and I
don't see why there should be any in Aia
meda or San Francisco."
Regent Marye insisted that there was no
call for haste/as the money was accumu
lating.
Regent Hallidie had many facts, the re
sult of twenty years' study of trade schools,
to submit to the board.
The Doaid agreed to postpone action on
the subject until next Tuesday.
AMID AUTUMN BLOSSOMS
Averell-Harper Nuptials at the
Third Congregational
Church.
Prominent New York Engagements
That Will Interest San
Franciscans.
The Third Congregational Church was
the scene of an interesting wedding last
evening, the contracting parties being
Miss Elizabeth Sarah Averell, daughter of
Mrs. S. B. Averell, and Frederick F. G.
Harper of the firm of Sawyer <fe Hough,
Custom-house brokers. The church was
prettily decorated with autumn flowers.
Rev. William Rader read the ceremony
that made the happy young couple hus
band and wife.
The bride wore a pretty gown of white
taffeta completely shrouded beneath an
overdress of mousseline de soie.
Miss Eleanor N. Averell, sister of the
bride, officiated as maid of bonor.and Miss
Olive Harper, sister of the groom, and
Miss Martha A. Thompson of Petaluma
were the bridesmaids.
Richard N. Nason was best man and
Edward Hutchin«on, William H. Hyde,
Henry Beatty, Walter Averell. Horace
White and Churchill Prior the ushers.
The engagement U announced of Ed
win Wildman of Elmira, N. V., to Mrs.
Soph Seymour Chapman of Ogdensburg,
N. Y. The wedding will take place No
vember 24, at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Isaac Seymour, Ogdensburg, N. Y. Mrs.
Chapman is a member of the famous Sey
mour family of New York and a grand
niece of Horatio Seymour, ex-Governor of
New York, and a niece of David Seymour,
ex-Governor of Connecticut. Mr. \vild
man is the proprietor of the Elmira
Echoes and a well-known contributor to
the leading publications. He is a cousin
of the late Jefferson: Davis, President of
the Southern Confederacy, and a brother
of Hon. Rounsevelle Wilduian, ex-Consul-
General to Singapore, at present editor of
ihe Overland Monthly of San Francisco.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gibU refund the money if it luiia to cure. 2&c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1896.
WILL LOOK AFTER
FISH AND GAME
Governor Budd Appoints
Alex Vogelsang a Com
missioner.
The Young Attorney Will En
deavor to P ease Anglers
and SpDrtsmen.
FLY-CASTING CLUB DELIGHTFD
The New Fish Commissioner Wou'd
Be Pleased to See a Gams
Warden Appointed.
Governor Budd has appointed Alexan
der T. Vogelsang a Fish and Game Com
missioner, to fill the place left vacant by
the resignation of William C. Murdoch.
Mr. Vogelsang, who is a young attorney
of this City, is well and favorably known
to the angling fraternity. He is the sec
retary of the San Francisco Fly- Casting
A* Vogelsang.
Club and a great lover of angling. In
reply to a question as to what policy he
intended to pursue as a representative of
the State Fish Commission Mr. Vogel
sang was a little tardy at first in express
ing his views, but after warming up to
the situation he said that he would do all
in his province to cater to the wishes and
desires of both sportsmen and anglers.
'•To be candid with you," said Mr.
Vogelsang, "I cannot say anything at
present, as I am not in touch with the du
ties of a Fish Commissioner. Yon can rest
assured, however, that I will do all in my
power to please the anglers and sports
men of this State. This being an honor
ary position I havo accepted of it because
of my love for the sport. It's a thankless
office which is sought after only by those
who have an interest in the propagation
and protection of both game and fish. I
am a strong advocaie of protection to
game ana particularly during the breed
ing season.
"As the Fish Commissioners have their
hands full in looking out for the interest
of game fishes— that is with the small
force of deputies at their command — I
think that the game aide of the question
(I now refer to birds and animals) should
be under the supervision of a game
warden.
"I understand that in many of th« East
ern States two officers are appointed, viz. :
a game commissioner or warden, whose
duty is to look aiter the interests of game
birds and animals, and a fish commis
sioner, whose duties do not in any way
interfere with those of the game warden.
From what I can glean through exchanges
that are devoted to sports of field and
stream, the two offices work in harmony,
and the result gives general satistaction to
botn sportsmen and anglers."
Relative to ihe changes that have been
made in the opening of the game-shooting
season, Mr. Vogelsang said that he did
not approve of the alteration in the old
game law.
"I contend," said the speaker, "that
the market hunter should be permitted to
kill and ship game after the loth of Octo
ber 1, upon which date the sportsman is
allowed by law to kill game for the sport
of killing and the pleasure of the eating of
whatever bird or animal that falls to his
gun. If the object ol the law so framed is
to protect tbe young birds and animals
from slaughter, then why should not the
sportsman refrain from shooting game
until such time as the market, hunter is
allowed the privilege?
"I do not oelieve ; n class legislation,
and I think that there are many defects
in the present game laws, which should
be rectified. However, the sportsmen and
anglers of this State can rest assured that
I will do all in my province fur the better
interests of pame and fish."
NEW BUNKO GAME.
How " Billy" f-olan tame to Part Witli
n Dollar and the Kxlciit of
llih Reward.
The bunko men who are out for small
money have struck a new scheme which
they call t!ie "telephone graft," and busi
ness men about town have grown ex
tremely careful how they grant requests
for ynall pecuniary favors when they come
over the phone.
The manner in which "Billy" Nolan
one of the shoe-firm— was "worked" a day
or bo a^o, illustrates how the thing is done.
About 5 o'clock in the afternoon his
telephone rang up, and some one said:
"Cail Mr. Nolan to the telephone,
please."
"This is Mr. Nolan," answered theshoe
man.
•Oh, hello, Nolan!" said the voice, "this
There Is Strength and Health in This Qreat=
est of Discoveries !
At Every Stage of Life Where Renewed Nervous Energy, Pure Blood, Freedom from
Pain, and Normal Conditions Are Despaired of Paine's Celery Compound Is the One
Remedy That Will Make You Well!
The first women in the land have good reason to recommend to every euffere r
Paine's celery compound.
The proprietors of Paine's celery compound are not "patent medicine men."
They claim not one whit more for this jvonderf ul remedy than it will accomplish.
They resort to no schemes to sell it ; they offer no prizes. They believe i a the only
kind ol advertising that can be profitable in the end; that is tne recommendations
that go by letter or word of mouth from those whom Paine's celery compound has
benefited, to suffering friends relatives and neighbors. The proprietors ot this rem-
edy have given out for publication the voluntary testimonials of grateful women and
men, who owe their health to Paine's celery compound; they never change a writer's
words or exaggerate a person's importance; they never placard a plain citizen with
titles; they never call a simple cure a miracle.
Paine's celery compound is to-day the least advertised of any prominent re medy,
and yet its output is far Kreater than them all. The demand for Paine's celery com-
pound is steadily, daily growing, while the sales of every one of the artfully but dis-
honestly advertised "patent medicines" are fast dropping off.
Although wi! bin a year the most astonishing numb r of people in high society,
men who hold public offices of great importance, the wives of most distinguished cit-
izens, such people as for instance, Mrs. Senator Quay, Mr 3. Dr. Parkhurst, Elizabeth
Cady Stanton. Congressmen Grout, Powers, Wilber, Bell, Mrs. U. S. Senator Warren,
the great Presbyterian leader, Rev. Ch-rles I. Thompson. D.D., «>f New- York, Major
General Birney. Congressman Meredith of Virginia, Mrs. H. B. Sperry, Supt. W. F.
is Pringle. Say, lam expecting a message,
but it may not come bef .re we close. If
it is brought down there just receive it and
pay the charges, if any, and 1 will fix it
with you in the morning. 1 '
Nolan knew Pringl», so he said "All
rig t," and thought no more about it.
About 6:30 that evening a ycung man
calied on Nolan and handed him an en
velope which was addressod to "Mr.
Pringl<\" but which he said wa3 to be left
with Nolan if the former was not at his
place of business. He stood about after
delivering the message, and Nolan asked
nim about charges.
"I came from San Rafael," said the
man. "and it will be a doilar."
The money was paid over and the mes
senger departed. Prinele did not show
up the next day, and Nolan delivered the
note in person with an explanation.
"Why I did not telephone to you," said
Pringie, opening the note wonderingly.
Then he handed the missive to Nolan,
who read one word and only one, and that
was "Rats." Then light dawned on both.
GREEN - EYED MONSTER
Mrs. Francisca Duve of Valleja
Street Chastises Her
Husband.
H9 H?.d Her Arrested for Battery,
but Acting Police Judga Barry
Dismiss d the Case.
An amusing case was heard yesterday
morning by Jnstice cf the Peace Barry,
who is occupying the bench in Judge Con
lan's court ior a few days auring the
latter's absence.
The parties to the case were Albert
Duve, 651 Vallejo street, and hia wife
Francisca. Duve is 22 years of age, small
in stature and of spare build. His wife is
a big, stout woman, about double his age
and size.
Francisca had been arrested on the com
plaint of her husband for battery upon
him. Albert took the stand and told in
an excited manner how he had gone home
Monday night and his wife commenced at
once to revile him. She called him all
all sorts of names, and wound up by se'z
ing him by the collar and throwing him
on the floor. While in this position she
whacked him over the back with an um
brella till his bones ached, and finished up
by striking him repeatedly with her fists.
"What was the matter with her?" asked
the Judze.
"She accused me of coins with young
girls and neglecting her, but it isn't true."
Mrs. Duve, with her black eyes snap
ping, admitted that nhe had punished Al
bert and said he deserved it.
"He was with two young girls last
night," she said, "and he is always with
them. I wanted him to give me money to
get a divorce from him, and when he re
fused 1 loat my temper and chastised
him."
"Are you jealous of him?" asked the
Judge.
She looked at Albert for a minute with
a sneer upon her face, and with a toss of
her head said: "Well, yes, I am. He is
mv husband."
The Judge dismissed the case, and ad
vised Albert to take the initiative and ap
ply for a divgrce on the ground of cruelty.
BEAR CLUB.
Ita Member* Were Except ionally Sue-
cessful in the Selection.
An after- election meeting of the Bear
Club was held Monday evening last at
B'nai B'rith Hall, E ldy street, Vice-
President I. P. Kincaid in the chair, E. N.
Maison secretary. A report from the
finance committee shows the club to be
in good condition. A vote of thanks was
tendered to Treasurer O=car Tollo for his
ever-timely aid.
A review of the candidates at the last
election showed that nineteen members of
the Bear Club had been successful. The
three newly eieoted Republican members
of the Board of Supervisors, as well as the
lour Republican members of the Board of
Education, are members of this club. The
only Republican Senator elr-cted in this
City, Ed. I. Wolfe, is one cf the earliest
memberß of this organization. The Su
perior and Police Judges and Justices ol
the Peace %re also enrolled in its mem
bership. Some of the Assemblymen are
found there too.
Some suggestions were maae by J. F.
Gawthorne for continuing the active life
of the club right along, to keep it in effi
cient working order for the next cam
paign. The idea was ably supported by
E. J. Casey, and on motion the subject
was referred to the executive committee
to formulate a plan to cover the sugges
tions.
EXTRACTED THE BULLET.
Chance* for Michael .McVally'g Recov
ery Are Favorable. -
John Carney, the marine fireman who
shot Michael McNally on First and Bran
nan streets Monday afternoon, appeared
in Judge Campbell's courf. yesterday morn
ing. By consent the case was continued
for a week. ;
Police "; Surgeon '-, Weil performed an
operation upon McNally yesterday and re
moved the bullet. ;It was located on the
right side i between ; the eighth ; and. nintn
ribs. , Dr. Weil entertains a doubt about
the bullet having perforated the intestines
and says that should McNally suffer no
relapse within the next twenty-four hours
his chances for recovery are favorable. \' ;
THE WONDERFUL X-RAY
Its Incalculable Benefit to the
Physician cr Surgeon
Doctor Cock, the First Specialist on
tbe Pacific Coast to Operate
ihe X-Ray.
Few events of modern ages hava so
greatly agitated the scientific world as
Prof. Roentgen's discovery of the X-Ray.
By its aid the physician or surgeon can
look farther into the mysteries of life and
penetrate deeper the secrets of disease
than has ever before been done by human
eyes. The living skeleton is laid bare.
Flesh becomes as transparent as crystal.
Tne exact position of tbe bullet, fracture,
tumor and other diseases or deformities of
tne internal organs is easily located and
plainly seen.
The mammoth X-Ray now in use by
Doctor Cook is of the very best and latest
improved edition, and shows beyond the
shadow of a question that this distin
guished specialist is strictly up to date in
everything pertaining to his profession.
Others may follow, bai he leads. He does
not cling to old ideas now moss-covered
and obsolete. He turns his face to the
front, and with lofty ambition and noble
purpose strives for the laurels of the
present and future. He is resolutely de
termined to make still more complete his
already unequaled success.
Doctor Cook restores Failing Manhood
to men of all ages and removes from them
every symptom of physical, mental or
sexual weakness. He also cures Gonor
rhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Varicocele, Hydro
cele, Piies. Fistula, Rupture, Chronic
Catarrh, Blood and Skin Diseases and
(DOCTOR COOK.)
functional diseases of the heart, lungs,
liver, stomach, kidney, bladder and urin
ary organs. Female complaints also coma
within his specialty.
Tlie doctor's system of home treatment
by mail is absolutely perfect, a:;d if you
cannot call at his office you can write to
him fully and without reserve, with the
assurance that your letter will not be pub
lished or your name exposed, as all his
professional dealings are strictly confi
dential. His offices are located at 863
Market street, opposite the Baldwin Hotel,
and he is there every day from 9 to 12 a. m.,
2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. M., except Sundays,
when he may be consulted from 10 to 12
A. m. only.
ROXBURY gEH
Brussels -&1«
Carpet. rSfii
15fAYA^- t^^\sM
scwcoyiHoLAm. L^
Beat ataoy priced —^zzdEfg?
Ops apade. — always. t(;e same*.
, SHIREK^SHIREK
rURNITUfcEfrCARDETd,- :■'
747 MARKET 51. v
- - S>AH FRANCISCO. . :
Smith of the U. S. botanical department, Helena Modjeska, Col. Littler of the Chicago
produce exchange, the Rev. Dr. Meek, President Rowley, Hon. George L. Fletcher,
ex-Minister Francis— the public will recall scores of others of equal prominence—
Although it has happened that within the past year voluntary testimonials have
been constantly received from hundreds of such people, men and women who need
no introduction to any section of this great country—
Still the greatest pride of the makers of the remedy is not so much the reliance
that the rich and titled have come to put upon it; but the eood that Paine's celery
compound is doing in the army of people whose circle of acquaintances is limited to
their immediate neiehbors, the eood it is aoin-; among hard working people, whose
health is no less valuable than that of the famous or wealthy, and whose heart-felt
testimonials are the nest of all tributes to the first among American physicians. Prof.
Edward E. Phelps, M.D., LL.D.
He discovered a remedy that could be put within the reach of the poor as well $b
the rich, a remedy that has revolutionized in a few years the general practice of med-
icine.
Until th ; s discovery there was no cure for the many His that women suffer— women
whose nervouj system," for one reason an i another, is impaired, whose life is a burden
on account of what are ordinarily termed "female aiiments."
Tho paint and nchfiS which our motners thought they must endure, now vanish
entirely under the curative, health Riving influence of Paine's celery compound. Like
nothing else, ii gives new vig >r, new life, new strength. It makes nervous, ailing
women well and cheerful. It dispels sleeplessness; headaches disappear. Paine's
celery compound makes it unnecessary for women, at any stage of life, to suffer from
those serious ills that afflict so many. And Paine's celery compound not merely re-
lieves but permanently cures.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SOCTUKRN PACIFIC COMPANT.
(PACIFIC SVSTIiM.)
Trwlna kMMr* nod »re due to itrrlve at
•AH I'ItAISCIMO.
leave— FnpM November 7, 1.00 p.m., 1896.— ahmvb
•C.-OOa Nilea, San Jose and "Way Station*... £**&*
• 7i«oa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kiut.. Os-lop
7:00 a Bcnida. VacaviUe, Rumsay. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and' Redding via
Dark O:4Sp
7:3»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
•i3Oa Niles, San Jose, .Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillo and lied
--■ .Bluff «*1»?
•8:30 a Cetera and Milton *<:15P
OsOOa New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, Bakerslield,
Santa Barbara, 1 .03 Angeles, Dem- .
ing, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East *****
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4 :4.> v
9:00 a Valkjo 6:13p
Nile*, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7:1
•I:00p Sacramento River Steamers.. M»:«M>r
tI:SOp Port Costa and Way Stations f7:43p
4:00p Martini-/., }-;iu Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Onlistoga, El Verano and
Santa Ho*..; :; »:1»A
4:oopßenicia, VccaviUe, • Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marygville, Oro-
Tille audSacrtimento..........:.. ll:l»A
4t3Op San Joae and Livermoro " 8:43 a
4t3opLos Angeles Express, - Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and 1-oa •■• ■
Angeles .". 10i45A
4:3«p Santa F« Route, Atlantic Express : -
forMojave and East.. 10:45 a
6:OOi> European Mail, Op.'oii and I.ant ... 9:45 a
. <i:OMi>]liiyn"irdH, Niltsund San .lose ' 7:15 a
t7:o«i> Va11ej0......... t«=4sp
7:00 Oregou JCxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
Tille, Ite.ldinß, Portlmid, I*llB6l -^ - .
Sound aud East 11:1»A
[10:05p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Ea5t....... .....§l2:4Sp
SAXTA <:itliZ IH VISION (Narrow tinngcj.
»:I»a Ne»Tark,Oeiiterville,Haii.l(iso,Felton,
Bouldt r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations : Btso*
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Ncv
Almaden, Felton, Koulder Crock,
• Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations ' *1I:2OA
4:13r Newark. San .lose and lx» Catos.... «:sOa
t11:45p Hunters" Eicursiou, San Joee and . "■
' Way Stations ... iy :.:\....- t7:Bop
COAST I>I VISION (third A 'lownsiMHl Sis.)
<i:43A San Jose and Wny Stations (New ~~~'
Almadeu Wednesdays only) '•■ l:30p
8:I5a Sail: Joso, Tres J'iuos, Santa Cruz, . ■
Pacilio Grove. Paso ltobles, Sail ,
Luis Ol>isp<>, Guadalupc, Surf and
Principal Way Stations...". 7:05p
■ O:1Oa San .lose ami Way 5tati0n5......... »:0»p
. 11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations B:30p
rgll«j San Mate", Menlo Park, San .lose, '„■
• ■ Gilroy, Tres l'iuos, Sauta Cruz,
Salinas.Monterey and PacilicGrore *IO:4Oa
•B::i«p San Jose and Way Stations .9:50 a,
•4:30i- San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... *H:10a
. S::t«>i> San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:3Oa
"- ■■: C::»»p San Jose and Way Stations .'• B:;ir>A
♦ ll:4.1r San Jpsenud Way Stations *7:48p
' NAN LKANKKO A-NU IU¥\VAUI)S LQIiAL.
i«6:OOA 1 I ; . C , 7 . 15 A
8:00 a . . 1O : 45
1o : ooa Melrose, Seminary Park,.. jiUst
*"-Sop Fitchbnrg,B.nLei«idro "fjjg*
i-z\\ » d • jag
5:« OP H . jward> . «|P
2iJIJIp i Runs through to Nile*. lO:5Op
ttll':lsrj FromNilcs. ■. I. ttia:OOP
"~ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiS FRANCISCO— of Mirket Street (Blip 8)—
•715 9:CO 11:00 a.m. }l:03 « ?2:00 $3:00
•1:03 15:00 •6:00 p.m.
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway.— *8:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 . *l:00 t2:00 > . »3:00 ti:00
"S:3Cp.M.
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundays executed. t Saturdays only.
• t Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuesdajs and Scturdays. § PutiriW* and Thursdays
SAN FRANCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San .Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. H.: 13:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. Jt. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. SaturUays— Kxua trips M Xxii
BONl^V^sfoa'a-ao, 11:00 a. M.j 1:30,' 3:3 A
6:00. 6:20 P. M. »
- San Kafii«l to *»n Franolnco. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it;
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
6l'MiA\s-v 9:40, 11:10 a. if.: 1:40, 3:101
5:00, 6:25 p. K.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park saioa
schedule aa above. ■ -
.Leave . i,,oitt>rt. ' Arrive
, Ban Francisco. ' oJt? 1? San Francisco.
Wkkk ! Sun-- n.-rtSSio,. 8^"" j Wkkk"
Days. I days. atlp *" on - i, AY I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8.40 am
3:30 pm »:30 am Peialuma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 PM
-" : ~ i Fulton, ' ■
7:30 am " Windsor, -. 10:25 am;
• • Healdsburg,
■- lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:P5 m 6:22 pm
' ~~~ Pteta,
' HopUn;l &■ . •
7:3oam 8:00 am uklah. 7:35 pm 6:2Bpm
7:80 am i ■" - m 10:25 am
8:00 am GnernevlUe. 7:35 pm .:■ •
3:30 PM | I - .•' .-. . 8:22
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 AM
.: - and . . '
6.10 pm ! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 AM'B:o'» AM! B.b«,toDOl. 1 10:40 AM 10:2 » ai
S:3opm|s:Uopm| 8cb * atOpoL | 6.10 pm 6:22 Pi
' SHajcs connec£**»t santa • Rosa for ■ Marie West
j Springs: at' Geyservllle for Skagxs Springs:, at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hltrnland
' Kprinss, Kelsey vllle. Soda Bay and i^akeport; at
Hopland for Lakcport ; and Bart! ett Spring*; at
I'kiuh for Vichy borings, Saratoga Springs, Bin
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottei
.Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck
npll's, San lied rin Height*. Hnllvtllp, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport; Usa!, Wlllets, Cahto, Co
veto, Layionvlilo, Harris, Scot!a and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates. ■•• ■' ■' ' - . ■ • • ■. ■•■:■.■. ■■■ . . ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*.
yoad Ban Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronic! • bonding.
EL 0. WHITING. B. X. RY
G«n. Manager. .', - , Gun. Pass. Ageafc .
oOSMOFOXjITAW.
(Opposite U. S. Hint. 100 and 102 Fifth St.. Saa
Francisco, Cai.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, ill 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room.. Meals 866 Uoums 503
and 75c a day. : Free coach 10 and from the | how
' look tor the coacii bearing the name - of toe Co*-
■l Boooawa UoinL Mil. AMiii i, i'ropnon*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic
Trains lea and arrlva M p^fi^ J^i?|lll^
SASTA FE EXPRESS. Wg&M
lo Chi. ago via A. & P, %S^*^&Q^^3
Direct Line MCDQssr^*' *(Jj£ '
.eaves da ly at. 4:30 p. M., carrying "iillaian l'alaca
>rawlng-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
tleeping-cars, which run dally thronsh 10 Chicago
ria Kansas City. Annex car* for Denver and 3u
■oala.
Boston Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago,
lontreal and the White. Mountains leave every
Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenery.
nd good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
5t., Chronicle Building. Telephone ßXala
1531. Oakland, 1118 .Broadway.
KORTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13. 189 i
WEEKDAY*
For Mill Valley and San Kv.ael— *7 »28, •9SIS,
11:00 a.m.: *1:45, 3:45, •5:15, »5:46, P.M.
Cxtra trips for San Kafael on Monday*. Wedna»
days and Saturdays as 11 :30 p. x.
SUNDAYS.
or Mill Valley and San Kafael— *B -.00, *10:0 l
•11:30 >. M.: *1-.SO. 3:00, *4:SO. 6:15*. H.
Trains marked * run to &in Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. x.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. buudays, 1:45 F. M. 6attu> .
lays.
1 or Cazndero and wav station*— :2s a. X. w«el»
Says; 1:45 F. M. Saturday a.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacifla
Coast Railroad.
WEKK DAYS— Leave &P. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 T. U.
Returning— Arrive 8. K. 3:25 p K. 6:20 p. it
SUNDAYS— Leave aF. Ba. M 11:30 a.m. l:SUp.i&
Returning— Arrive S.F. 1 :1 5 p. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 r.«-
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or '
THOn COOK 4 !»ONB, 621 Market St., S. P.
Mill Vallw and Mount I'amalpals Scanlc Rallwajh
TOE
WEEKLY
ntf t i
XJUIiLILI
ol It Publishes the Cream of th»
c< News of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
Oi ' ;
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©C PAPER ON THE
cJ PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
q) Fair and Impartial in Its
3 Rendering of the Po-
-3 : litical News.
i
cJ It's the Paper to Sind East if
3 You Want to Advertise .
<D California.
% — \ ' .<, /— -
°\ The Best \ / Mining
oc Telegraphic \/' News That
o/ ■ Service on /\ Is Accurate
3 The Coast / \& up to date
3 / s
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.'
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
•^J Bright, Clean, A Champion of
O< Thoughtful. Truth.
2 ' A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ALL THE TIME.
°{ IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C* HOME - MAIL, $1.50
jj INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
S3 OPIUM
The pur« essential extract from tho native dm g. Ooa
tains. all the valuable medicinal properties of Opiun
without 'ta noxiou* elements. - No ness cf stomach.
no vomitlnK ; no costivenets ; no headache, j All Druggists
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sugar marked up.
Another advance in Wheat.
Wheat i-r ights lower.
Parley, Oats and Corn steady.
Rye higher.
Flour and Millstuffs strong.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Mustard >eed firm.
Coffee quiet but steady.
Pota.oes and Vegetables dull.
Beans inactive but firm.
Butler, Cheese and E?^'s unchanged.
Poultry somewhat steadier.
Grapes In moderate supply.
D led Fruit quieter.
Raisins contini c active.
Provisions stea y.
Hides very firm.
Another advance in Hops.
Wool firm, but quiet.
Meat ii arket unchanged.
Oils as before.
Not! easy and dull.
Still Higher Prices f>r Wheat Indicated
From in editorial in a recent issue of Brad
•treet's, headed '-The Outlook lor w heut Prices.'
the followina; extract is taken: The domestic crop,
recently estimated on the basis of the Agricultural
Department report at 41 2,000. 000 bushels, is now
laid Dy studunts of the Government report to be
' likely to amount to 435,0 JO.OOO bushels. Against
this it is argued that an 80.000 000 bushels short
age In the leading Spring Wheat states means jusi
that much less W eat produced this year than
last. Tnere are prominent millers, elevator men
ann others whoareue from the foregoing that the
1896 'iomestic crop amounts to only about 887,
-000,000 bushels— because t he i^oveni ment reported
a to ai crop last yeiir 01 only 467,000.000 bushels.
To be sure, staiistics of ihe distribution of ihe
1895 crop paint to it having b.-en nearer 00.000.-
-000.hail 467,000.000 busneis. bui the authorities
referred to do not seem .0 place any
weichi on that. But if we presume
th«t the 1896 crop Is only 400,000,000
bnsheU, us so many in pos'lon to judte nave de
clared, and add 0 it t O.OCO 00.) bushels available
from the quantity carried ver on July 1, 1895, we
find a jtrand total for use at home and abroad of
460.000.000 bushels. Of this, 37* 000,000 bushels
are estiniEteU as ne.-ded at home for food and
seed, leaving only 82,000,000 for export,
to June BJ. 1897. Ue havr already ex|>orted
about 55,000.000 bushels, leaving ouly 27,000.000
bushels to ship oat of the country during the neit
eight mouths, about 750.0U0 bushels per week,
about one-tiith wliai we are now Shipping weekly.
If mis sl'ua-.ion were g nerally aptirei iated or be
lieved "dollar wheat" wou:d soon bt- a reality. l'o
our extremely Dullish friends iv the Northwest
beii.ve the domestic wheat supply is as short as
this? The 1 rice 01 wheai will probably have to
ndvancp above recent high levels, even if the crop
Is 450.0U0,000 or more, which is noi unlikely.
rip'HDKClnu,
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fignrea
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tlio-e underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure: iso
therms, or dolled lines, equal temperature. The
word "hlirh" means hlsh barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied* by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
nd accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coas'. warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
I'nitkd States Department OF AORIC"CI>
TURK, Weather Bureau, SAX Fraxcisco, Nov.
10, 1896. sp. m. — Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-aay :
Eureka 56, Ire-no 62, San Diego 66, Red Bluff
60, San Luis Obispo 68, Yuma 84, --an Francisco
67, Los Angeles 70.
Ban Francisco 'ata— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 61, mean 54.
The pressure has ilsen over the entire western
half of the country. An area of low pressure still
continues, however, over Washington and Oregon,
but is apparently moving inland. Along the coast
of California there appears to be an area of high
pressure.
The temperature has fallen ovrr the entire coun
. try west of the 116111 meridian. It has risen
slightly over Cab and Arizona.
Rain baa tailen nt lan Diego. Maximum wind
velocities of 26 miles west are reported at Wtnue
muueaand 30 miles northwest at Fort Canny.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
endl. gmidni.-hi November 11, 1896:
Nor.nerii California — 1 «ir Wednesday; contin
ued cool weather; fresh westeily winds.
Southern Caliiornia— Fair in northern portion
Wednesday: rain in southern portion early
Wednesday morning, fair th- rest of the day;
cooler in southeastern portion; li;ht westerly
winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; colder in the
so ithern portion.
L":ah — 1 oi:dy weather: continued cool weather.
Arizona— Probably showers Wednesday in north
western porUO ; co der.
San Fran isco and vicinity— Fnir Wednesday:
fresh westerly winds. Alkxandkb O. Mcaixk,
Loc.U Forecast Otticial.
N*.W \OltK .M.lKhtl's.
Financial.
YORK. N. V., Nov. 10 -The upward
movement in railway and miscellaneous Mocks
made further progress to-day in the face of Ik avy
rea Izatlons by local professional opera cs and
for iftn houses. London tirms were disposed to ac
cept profils In ihe high-priced Ainerkan s:ockn
listed abroad, es 1 eciaily su Paul and I.onisvilie
j-nd Nasbvilie, but were inclined to extend their
lines in the s.ocks selling in the neighborhood of
80. The celling refened to txerted little influ
ence on .-peculation, fir the reason that the out
side dema d has gr< ally increused of late, com
iriission-houses ueneia jr teKiify to this and at
tnbu c the reawakening of interest In stocks and
bonds t the industrial revival.
In addition the advocates of higher prices for
securhies had th- announcement by Lord
t-alisbury of the settl 'ment of the Venezuelan
bounaHry question, a break of a cent In the posted
rates oi Hlerling exetoaace to 84 S2V2 and $4 86
and a further ris^ ot 'Jc iv wheat, which hroucht
the price up to the high record for the \ ear's crop.
The influences just noted added to the bullish feel
ing and led to good buying of all the prominent
Issues The iiuprov ment in prices ranged trom
104 percent, uith the gains well disinbuted.
The part cv arly strong stocks were A n.eru-an
f-pirits, Manhattan, Western Union. Pacific Mail,
Hocking Valley, Northern Pacific preferrid.
tJouth- m Hailway preferred and Oregon Navl^a
FINANCIAL. __■____
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtihbLoCK & CO.,
4 LeldeedorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 682 a
- PUKDY & ATKINSON Managers. ,
Orders instantly executed on latest market qoe-
Utlons. Reference Ist National Bank, 65. F.
CHICAGO. PHIVATK.WIRii. NEW YORK.
W. A CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARK TS. SEW YORK STOCKS-
cH>^;.^o s Nf vlce -
Private and Bnnk references quoted on application
Officß, 3SB Montgomery St..t>ale Ueiosit Bid
'lei. Main 1731. l'rivate Parlor for Ladle*
tlon. • American Spirits preferred 'cored the
highest gain, rising to 28 on a report that certain
stockholders ialetide>J in force the direct rs
tbrougn lei.al m< aus to pay dividends Western
Union was ben lited b • a vague rumor of a new
deal with the Bel Telephone Company, and the
b luminous coal shares were in demand on a be
lief that ibe representatives of the Ohio roa<Js
now In session here will sure settle the vexed
ques. lon of rales, ro.luotion, etc. In the inactive
stocks Hckin: Valla/ lamped 214 to 20Vis-
ColoraJo Fuel 2 and Cordage gained *.' 10 •_' 1.
Speculation clo ci strong in tone. Net changes
show pains of Vi to 2 per cent in the general list
and fractional io>sfs in the pranK«-rs and Louis
ville and Nushvii c. Total sales were 874,143
shares, including 41,0 0 Ren. in;.. 20.700 sugar,
19.700 St. Paul and 18,200 ;Nonheru Pacific pre
i'er cd. There was a lurae and we 1 distributed
business in railway and miscellaneous bonds, the
transactions looting up $3,443,000. here was a
cood inquiry bom tor luwmiih-h aod illative
accounts. Brooklyn E evated sixes rose sto 8-:
Detroit <. as cousol fives, 2 to 7*; atisville and
Terra Ha ie consul six's. 4% to iO7: Kan as and
l<x;.s seconds- l%to 6iyg : Louisville New Al
bany m d 1 blca c t0. .50 sixes iy. to 91^:
Kansas and Eastern rives, 3-% to 92. su>qui-b:i!ii<a
and Western lives, iy 3 to 74; .xortheri/ Pacific
thirds. 1 to 77 Vi; ao co.isol fives, lVi to 55:
Western consol lives, 534 to 139^: Ohio
Southern firsts, 3 to 93. Peoria and Eastern 1 011
-soi fours. 2to 78: Seattle, Lake Shore and as tern
s'.xei. 2*/2 to 42 1 - 3 ; Toledo, St. Louis -and Kansas
City sixes certificate. 3to 75: Unlou Pac.ticsink
iiu fun : |i'ich's, 3 to 85: United States Co. dage
sixes c ruhV<ites, 3 10 30: W abash, lietrolt and
Chicago Kvteusion flv.s. lv to 'J7V>; Wilkes
barre and Eastern lives, si/s to 90, ana Wisconsin
Central fives cer.iticatei, 2V4 to 42.
in Government nd- 443,000 coupon fours of
192 > brought 120: $9000 coupon fours of 1907,
109^i@109%: $10,000 do registered, lOiJi/a. am
$10,000 coupon fives, 112Vi.
Grain.
FLOUR— Firm. Rye flour, quiet, steady. Win
ter wheat, low grades, $2 20@3 25; do fair 10
fancy, $3 25@4 30: do patents. $1 50@4 90;
Minnesota clear, $3@4; do straits S3 9(.,@4 v:6;
do patents, $3 85@4 i>S>: low exiras," $2L'o(^3 25:
city mills, $4 40<g>4 50: do patents, $5 30(g)5 55;
rye mixture, $3 26@3 75: superfine, $2 25^2 85;
fine, Si 80@2 40.
c ('KNMi.AL-Qulet, steady.
RYE-strong, higher. Western, 433, 4 @45c,
c. i. f. Buffalo.
BARLEY-Flrm. Feeding, 28(g28Vic, c. L f.
Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot market fairly active, stronger
with options: f. o. 0.. 9.-ii^,r<£93Ki ; ungraded red,
82®94c: -No. 1 Northern.'»l%@tfl%c
' pilous were ac.ive and cxcii. d. advancing 21,4
@3yac on strong r cables, bullish West, reports of
damage at Argentine, good toreign buirgnnd
local covering, tell Vb@ 4c4 c on realizing and cosed
unsealed at 2(j^23,i<: over yesterday, December
and May most aciive. .-\o. 2 red, January, BOe:
March, 91 S 8 April. 9ZS/ 8 c: May. 89y 8 c; Novem
ber, 87% c: December. S&s/si
o >i-.N— spot, dull, firmer. No. 2. 31 Vie valor;
S2Va'" afloat; ungraded, mixed, 29c delivered.
Options were qu ci at %to%c advance on better
cabled, higher West and following wheat. May
and December most ac%ive: .November, 31i/>c;
December, .•.•.'Vb 1':1 ': - (i » , 35y 8 a
DAT-- Spot, Tju let. steaJy.
Options firmer, quiet. .December, 24V 2 c: May,
27 Vie
spot prices: No. 2. 235,4 c: No. 2 white. 26c:
No. 2 Chicago, 243*0; No. 3. 21c: No. 3 while,
21c; mixed Western,. 22@25c; white do, 24@32c.
Provisions.
liAKT) — Quiet, nominal: Western steam
$4 6-Jl/2; city. Si 30(^,4 40; December. $4 45 nomi
nal, iteflned. dull: Continental. S4 «0; South
Americau, $5 25; compound, 4E/ B csi3/ c.
FORK — Lull, steady; new mess. 8 ..o@9
1 I'J'i K>; — Fair demand, steady; West
ern dairy, B@Sy 2 c: do creamery. IS^^lSc: do fac
tory, 7%c; Jiigins. 20c; Imltatioa creamery,
10Vi@14c.
Cm h&E— Quiet, easy. Part skims, SiA'&GSAa
fu 1 skims, 2i/4,®3a
EGGS— Firmer; icehouse, 16y>@17y a c; West
ern, iresh. 2J@23c: do case,. »2 20®5 50. limed,
15<j.15"'
TALLuW— City, SV'2<a3 s /8?: country. 3V2S3SAC.
COTTONSEED OXL-ilrm; crude. 22c; yellow
prime, 26c.
RlCE— Firm, good demand; domestic, 3S/i@6c;
Japan, 3%®4%-. •/*«».
MnLAsaiis — Quiet, steady; New Orleans,
~5@35c.
CO> FEE— Barely steady, a to 10 points down
November, $1 25: Decemorr, $10 05: March,
$9 9o@lo 05; May, S9 95@10; September, $10 10
©.U M) spot Rio. i.v.:. stead : -No. 7. iOVnc.
SUGAR— lalrly active, firm: oil A. 41 B^4i4c:
mold a. 4' 4 c: s:andurd A, 4i..p; conlectioners'
A. 4^»c; loaf and crushed, oi/s^; powdered,
4%c; granulated, 4V-2C; cubes, 4-^c
Fruit and l'ruuuca.
APRICOTS— Bags. 9@llc.
1 KACHLb— Unpeeled, 7«f9c: do peeled. 13@
14c
Pl'.T'NEs— Four sizes, boxes, nominal 5y B @sVic
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muse it- 1, new,
4^ic: do 3-crown. sSyi,c; do 4-crown, 6"4' ; London
layers, new. $1 50: uo clusters, $1 60(&2.
HOPS— Firm; fairly active; Pacific >. oast. 8@
13c.
WOOL — Firm; Domestic fleece, 16@23c; pulled,
lM(g,3lc; Texas, B@2Bc.
Merohandlae:
Tin IK OX- Steady: American. *10 25@12 50.
COPPF.R— Quiet: Ink* til dill 25.
. 1 -■' . - Hrm; oomesac. - 95fa3.
TlN— Firm; >traits, $13@13 10: plates, quiet.
fcPELTEK— Firmer: domestic, $4.
CHICAGO 3IAKKKTS.
rmr>nr,iu.. Nov. 10.— Two cents premium
over last night represented the value of wheat at
at the opening of the market for that grain this
morning. This advance was established on the
curb, so that no official trading between 78^',jc and
hOi/sC took place, and yesterday's longs were
richer by the difference. Trading was not so ex
tremely brisk, but there was a good business
nevertheless. The feeling was nervous, such ex
travazant changes In prie s being calculated to
give rise to anxiety. Higher Liverpool cables
were mainly responsible for the strength, but tue
1 ash situation was an Important fa tor. I Receipts
at Chicaso were 105 cars and the Northwest ha.l
746.. Local inspection*! from ore amounted to
284,710 bushels. Ai.er • noon a strong buy
ing demand developed and a suarp bulge
occurred, the best figures of th.- session
and the year b?ing then quotable. B u<:
street's reported an 1 Increase in the world's
stocks of 3.331,000 bushels. ixport clear
ances amounted 10 269 116 bushels. Closing
Continental cables wen lrrc-uiir. Dec m >er
wheat opened from B'lVb ■•" to SOVis', 50,.) between
79y 8 c and bl^c. closing at bL7 /gC , 2l/ 4 c hi!;h"r
than yes'.eriia>. Estimated receipt lor to-mor
row, 5 . cars.
CORN— a slight advance in corn wasdeemed ac
aieauate rotv 11 .0 the sympathy exisln; be
tween it and wheat. Tne coninlons in orn m
ot sue as to warran: anyiuing important in the
way or an advance so that the looming charac
teristics 01 another commodity exerts scarcely any
Influence. Receipts were 243 iars, and 1J5.000
bushels were taken from s ore. Liverpool cable.*
were I4d higher, i.radstiee 's repor ed an in
ir'-aseln stocus of 740,000 bushels. Export clear
ances were h»avv at 797.9 a bushels. May opened
from 29V4@-f 3 »''. sold 1 etw. n 2j«.icand 29V c,
closing at-ri%(a)^934c, %@%c hi ner ti.an yts
terday. Katimated teceipis ior to-morrow 130
cars. ~ -r.,
; OAT —Roue proportionate to the strenir.h de- I
: rived from the other grains. A rea-ioiiaoly fair
bu-1 ten naa traiiHac:ed. Rec-ip s w -re ;,0o cars,
and 76.089 busbeis were taken from store. Ki
or,s were 7J.6J1 bushels. Brads. r-et's reported
an increase in stocks or 1,046 00 J busies. May
oa.s closed V»c Higher than yesterday. Es lma.ed ,
re wptu or to-morrow 215 car*.
IL\X-Was Him. Cash. 77@79c: December,
7;i»<(^Uc: May, &:-l(*BiC. Receip s were 3 • cars.
PROVISION — Innial tr ding in proviiions la
d raiC'i & disposition to extract encouragement
from me grain markets, but the packer* sod a
li tie and prices yielded. January pork an 1 ribs
each closed •/■VjC lower, and January laid tiA(s>sc
lo«'^r. i.T'i
BUTTER— of butter were light. The
demand nai good. The feeling was firm and
prices unchanged.
■ Creameries— Extras. 19c H Ib: firsts ]7<»!8c;
Fecouds. Li^a-lsc; Imitations, iancy, U2«J.4c.
Dairies— Extraj, i7c: tirsis, 13.'d)ljc: onds. 10©
12c. Ladles — Extras. 10(j$llc: tints, Bift,BVjjc;
eackina block. «@«V^c: grease, 2Vi@3C; roil
butter, 110S12C.
EGGS— OrJers were plentiful, «nd the am. ply of
tresh stock l.ghu Fresh so.d at 19c per dozeu.
.3.0.^ h. 'i — \\ as steady at '"&'%■ on call and time
loan* New York exchange soid at 40c premium.
I Closing Price*.
. -November, 80c; I)i"»rnh»r, 80T/
May, i* ■ S/i@i4y 6 c. No 2 red spot wheat ranged
nominally irom B7%@H9V4C, clo>ing at about
88 %c-[% c
[ ictk.n _ November, 253/ :; December, 2BV«c
-■ May, 2»%@2»3 4c.
i.Al.>— .vovemier. 19c: December, )9 s ,i6il
18% c; Jlav, ■ '
. j'> i.X — December, »7; January. Sb ; May, $8 5.
i A December. $4 12y 2 ; January, «4 o2V 2 ;
May, $46 5.
: - •• ft- December, $3 80: January. $3 95; May.
May, 84 17Vi-
Livestock.
UNION PTOCKYAKDs, In., Xov. 10.— The
supply of cattle was light to-day and the demand
was good. No difficulty in sustaining yesterday's
prices was experienced. Hog., were easy and 6c
lower. The offerings were moderate, but the de
mand was not* brisk. Tr*ie'in .-.heap was active
and the leellna; In the mantel firm.
CATTLh.— Keceinu. 4000. liner beeves. «5 20
©5 30: choice 10 irinie 1300 10 1700 ft. steers.
*4 SOWS 16: pood to choice steers. 1250 to 14?.» tb.
»4 -I' »■<.•■ 4 75: medium steers. 1200 to 1400 lb. *4 10
I <t4 35: lair beef steers. 1000 to i:-00 U.s. f 70:<4
4 00; common beef steers. S3 5055375: good 10
choice stockerj and feeders, SOO .0 1250 lb, 48 'Aba
3 80. fair to mod do. 600 to . H76 th. $2 7.V«J
8 30: bolls, choice to extra, $;tis.i 60: bulls,
poor to choice. , $2 00fa,2 90: cows «uu hp|fer«,
cnoice to prime. S3 sUia4 10; cows, lair to choice.
$2 2&@3 40; cows, common to fair canners. tl 70(g»
i Hi; calves, good to choice. $5 60<&8 00: Texas
steers. »3 00®4 15. Western ran e" steers, ;83 V 5
604 26; Uesteru rauge cows ana heir era. $2 35
(3.0 60; milkers and springers, lj* head, (2J(S)4O.
ilOG^— keceipts. 2a,00a Jieavy pacilnar ana
fliippiui.- lots. 83 20«i3 65: common 10 choice
mixed. 83 25ra,3 65: choice assorted. So (<oa
. 60. iv hi. %'6 as(*B 67Vi: Pies. *2 60«3 55
-bHKEP—ittceipts. 18.000. iiueritu .- 10 cuo.c»,
«2(JO(S3 50, lambs. *3 4j.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Nov. 10.— HOGS—
Receipt ■«, 3800. Market stenrtv 10 5c lower closing
weak. Llffhl and mixed, $3 25@3 46; heavy, S3 la
<$.--> . 0.
CATTLB - Receipts. 2000. Market active
Stro.ig. Steers. 83 25^)4 65; cows. $126@3 25
-leeders, $2 76di3h5. • . ■ .
61IEKP — Receipts, 1000. Market strong
Lambs, 85.
Keceipt* at Kanaas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 10 HOGS— Re-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, ism*.
celpts, 14.000. Mantel slow.' Licht and pigs, *3 30
»:-i-l'-VL>: rue Hum. $j k5(013 37y a : heavy. $3 15<a
J 30. .
CATTLE— Receipts. 13.000. Market steady. Na
tive steers, best, *1 15(»4 80: fair to g.iod, »3 15
©4 15: cows and tieifers. best. $2 75<a:*J 20; lair
10 ood $1 t>s@2 85; bulls, SI 7U@2 60: stockers
and seeders. ?- BO«H 75; Texas and Western,
$2 5P@3 *;>; calves. "^s(gi'd
.SliEEP— Receipts. tOOO.
MBW Yoi.K STOCKS.
Bonds, i-idiaiicp, .Mout-v a:iil Railroad
M.ar<'<. ■ \
Money on cnll easy at 405*:: last lonn at 4% and
closing offered at 4%. l'rime mercantile paper, 6
(jj7£. ior silver, ti6c. :.i-x can (•...«r«, 5UJ^»c.
Ruling Kxchange was heavy, with actual busi
ness 111 winkers' 'hi i :i: t4 81*404 82 for 60
days and $4 >-6t04 hr.l 4 lor demand. Postea
rates. 94^21/2^4 fc6. Commercial bills, $1 80V*©
4 81 Vi- Uovernment bonds eater: .-itaie uuiuU
firm: railroad uonua strong, silver at the board
steady.
cio«TN-<» HT«V^«."
Am T>l * Cable.... 92 1 Norfolk ft Wflntfi 12 3 A
Atcblson 1 ? s /i| Preferred.... ... 19
Preferred 27^ Northern Pacifla.. 16%
Adams Express. 160 j Preferred.
Alton. Terre Haute 87 Northwestern 1051&
American Kxpresall2 , . Preferred 148
A merlcan Touucco. 81% X. Y. Centra! 86
ire: erred 10« . N .Y..Chicai;o*i. L. ltVs
lay KtateUa* 1534 Ist preferred 75
J »lt!i,iore»k Ohio.. i" J /4' id preierred 30V<j
Brunswick Land*.. 1% X. .<t N. 11. .. 181
liuflalo, Roch vi f. 19 X. V. 4 New Kng. 45
Canada Pacific... 3«>y 2 n. V., Susq<t W... 1 1 V*
Canada southern.. 50 ' Preferred. 29Via
111:10:1 Land 60% Ontario 8
central Pacitlc 17 iuntarlo <fc Western lOVi
Ches. tic Ohio 18% Oregon lmprovmal a
Chicago Alton. 160 I Preferred — —
Preferred.. ...... 164 Oregon Navigactoa -"-'
Chicago. H. dtQ.... 63 ! Oregon snorl Lina. 17
Chli-acoA E. 111... 40 '! ncitic Mall. . 26%
Preferred... B6 j 1 « orla, I). & Evan* 3
CbicagoGas. ....... 77% Pittsburgh W. pM 15
Clove.fe Plttsbnnt.. Pullman Palace....
Consolidation CoaL 32 Quicksilver. ....... '£
Consolidated <Ja5.. 1623/4 Preferred 10
C. C. C & St. Loulj 33Vs Keaamc 31
Preferred. 78 i.:oc<raude<£Westa 16
Colo. Fuel <fc iron.. 27 Preferred «0
Preferred... 90 Kock Island 73%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 1 7 Va Home \V at & Oicdea. 113
Commercial Cable. 150 m. L. & W 5
Del. Hudson.. 127 I Preferred 1134
Del.Lack&Westrn. 16* HL Paul. 78-l/ 4
Denver &R. U 13V'z Preferred. 1«9
Preferred......... 46% ft. Paul A Dulnth. 22
Clstlllers — Preferred. 83
lit nurai Klectno... 34% hi. Paul & Omaha. 43
Erie..... 173/s Preferred......... 124%
Preferred 38 Im. P. M. <fe M 109
Fort Wayne. 100 JMiver Certificates. 64%
threat Northern pfdl 17 Southern Pacific... 16 1 -*
Greenßay Va Southern R. X ll»/4
Harlem. ....278 Preferred. 82%
Hocking Coat fnpar Reßnery ....12JV8
Hocking Valley.... 2> | Preferred. 102%
Homestake. 34% Ter m. Coal & Iron. 31%
H. & Texas Cenu..— • Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 95Mj,Texai Pacific 11%
lowa Central 9%:IoI.A.A.&N.MicU.
Preferred 8- I vi. <k Ohio ceui... 20
Kansas & Texas... 14Vi| Preferred ;... 60
Preferred 3uy 3 !Tol.St.Louisifc K.U. 5
Kingston J£ Pen... 3 j Preferred. . . ... 15
Krle Wesia -0 '. 4 L'nion Pacinc ~. '11%
Preferred. 7:>Vi L. P. Den & Unix . 8%
Lskesnor* 162 ;l. b, Coraafe 6
National Lead 27Vs| I'reSerred. ll 3 ,!
Preferred WtVi' Guaranteed... 23%
long Island 66 \ . is. Kx press... 45
Louisville & Nash. 623' t.s. leather. ..._ llV'a
Louisville. Na^Jl 1 Preferred 67
Preferred. 3Vs L. a Rubber. 215%
liachattan Consal. 102V2 Pielerrea. 91
Memphis A Charts. 15 t'tlca&B. River.. 150
WfxlcanCentral... 8»i H i»b. M. i I'M . 7%
Michigan Ceuiral.. 90 ' Preferred 1884
J-iinn&S. L.. — i Wells- Fargo. 90
Preferred... — Western Union.... 80
JUli'.n St. Loom. '20 I W i&consin Central. 3
Ist preferred 77% Wheeling &L. tt.. BV4
'-• preferred 49 ' Preferred 33
Missouri Pacific.. 25% A m Cotton OU pM. 62V4
Mobile* Ohio 23 1* 1 XV. V. Beet 8
Nashville & Chatt. t7% Ann Arbor 11
Abttonai LlnseeU.. 16 • Preferred 24%
f-.J. Central....... io7VilKrooKlyn'ir»ottOtt. 2%
£»urli» AiUßXitan... B |fc.ne 2d pia i2Va
'■ cxr«iNu Bnym.
A)* Clam >t* 101 .Northern lsts. 114
loClas* Xl C 5..101 Do2ds 114%
Alabama. ci.^» C. 94 I DoSds 77%
Aicnison 4s 80 , Lo consdl'Js.".. 54%
Do-Jds A 44% oimurovement is: 80
C»na<!aSouth2ds.. '.o:-i',4 Do fis ... 19
ten Pac lstaof "95. It o %| 1 li&x Ins." .... 109yi
Hierokee 4a, 1896.1Ui% lo n^ol b'i" . 90
V° 3«97 lOOVWOr Short Line 65... 114
1898 IOOV2! LoconsSs.. 6H
Lo 1899 I'JOVs lacificiisof '97....lol
«l.^«oiiiobs....lUH jib. 1 ad: eaditiL'4* 81%
lhA.Nri'rKcuSs <si*,i Do Ist , id incatn. «9V
I)CS-65s 1091/4 h Grande West LsU 7.V>,*
wii4«UlK 110 !-;lxJ:lron.MtUpnsi 77
..Y>«B- 9114 i-t ÜBF Gen 108
VTI?V T l?. M * 65l /4 fet 1 Bill Consols....
l-tV\d:i>enCltylsts 6J ,M Pc& Pa lst»... 116
«J; «S-sa6s 91 to Carolina 4 V 3»...V 3 »... 100
Uo2d /s.. 100 fccntbern U!(J«... 92
V"'i Klt " Deb '»*••- 9 ho i"* 0 *•»' isl^ 107
•"* lex Cent 110- h new 3i.. . 8*
Locoii6s. 98%h *xas Pacific Uu. 89
lowa Centralists.. 97 ( Texas Pacific 2da.. 24%
Kaiuus Pa Consols 72 1 Vclon Pac Ist* »tl.-JU2Va
h ' 1 '" i»ta uivlOO I V h«s reeof 1a25.11»%
luConsol 4s 93 I 1 1 4s. coupon. ...119»A
iiissourifanJlng... c X in. r^c of 1907.109
w k 1 '.ids... ci To 4k. c0up0n. ...109V4
,, IJO ,*» 85% less 9;.
A Ohio 45.. 66 I Lcßs. . 111 s /*
Alntual Union 65... 106 I J 06s. coupon.... 1 113.
> J Cent tien 6^... 117 V» lu:id!nsc .. 61V4
£ "> i«t-t Louis 45103 | l^registeied.
..or«vw.-.t tie,, 6s. 118 I<■ deferred 6s . 5
£> Carolina con 4s. I' o Lo trus: repw ss. '= 7 v
. Jjo6 114 WtbuiD Ist bs lop
iv cr^w^jt Consols. !39^i tai Snoru**.. 1U584
l/o utu 5a ii U 5 I vo
FOKEKj^; MARKETS.
■WHKAT IN I.IVFUPOOL
MVFRPOOL Eno.. Nov 10.- i he spot market
i« firm at 7s 6<if(j.7s 7d. Curtsoes Urm al.a 1 . 36s 6d,
sellers, irompi shipment.
TfREH.
The Produce Eicliani;* cable gives the following
I. lverpoo! quotations lor -No. 2 Rid Winter. No
vember. 6s 7y d: December. 6s 7V»d; Juuuary,
ts 7y 2 d; February, 6s 7V«<i; March. 6s 7i 2 d.
hKiI'RITIKS.
LONDON. e.vo., Nov. 10. — Consols, 110%
-silver, 29 io-l6d: French Hentes. I_^°' S ' " liU^ B>
EXCHANGE A.NI> BULLION.
Sterling Kxchanpe, 6'> (Jays... -i^."" *4 83
Ster ing Kxchange, sight .'."" _ 4kb
Sterling Cables.... . "* _ 487
New York Exchange, sight.. .."■"."— par
New YorK Exchange. teiegraDhlo.. — 05
Fine bii\er, ounce. _ 65
Uexituu ljolittra "" . OlVi t2
PRODUCE M ARKET.
ITHEAT AM> OIUJiR GRAINS.
WHEAT FKEIGIITS-Are lower at 22s 6d,
owing to the advance In vV'heat. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
76.580, against 82.844 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 41.58J tons, against 1,400; on
ihe way 10 this port. 23i»,t500 ions, against 270.800.
V»'l i-Thei -The Bay of B n?al laKes for Table
Bay 49. i58cUi, valued at !f73,7U0.
Wheat contiiiui 10 advance and No. i shipping
li now as liig.l as it was t the climax of the phe
nomenal b om three weeks orso aso. Bttlpi era do
not like to pay the advance, but ,hey nre forced to
pay It ii tli y buy. Crop prospects In foreign coun
tries continue poor. spo. Wheat ranged from
$1 47V« toil 50 tor uve ace No. 1, $1 611 a lor
choice and $1 l.^:a.i 56 for extra choice for
milling. " "•; ~<~l-
CALX BOARD FiAT.KS.
Infobmal S-FBSioN— 9:ls o'clock— Mar— 46 000
eta. $1 66: 8000, $1 66% : 6000, $1 soij' 8 ; Ib.OOO
51 65y 8 . .
•-kcond *-kmion— May— 4ooo ctls. SI 5714
-10,000, *1 6T3, 8 ; lit OD. 81 67y ; 10,000. 51 66s£ :
I%OUO, *1 66%; 26,0 0, $167. December- 2000
%1 49 V : 6000. 91 49%: 6000. f 1 50; spot storage
paid— liOOO. *1 60. '
. HUT LA 11 MOBXINO SESSION— May — 12,000 CtlS
$1 07; 6000, SI 56%: 50,00). SI 67y«; 14 000*
«1 67V 4 . D.-cenib.r — 000, 60: 4000, SI 50Vi
81100.$. st)B/ 8 : 34,000, $1 6uy 2 ; 20,000, $1 MM?
12.000. *1 6oC/«.
iHTKHNOox j-kssion— May— Booo ctls,' $1 snvt
60U0. $1 i.B; 42,000, $1 sbi4; 2-S.OOO. SI OhS/t
December— l6.ooo. 91 5.V*: 20U0, $1 51i^. ■
JBAUL.KY— Is Quiet at steady pri es We quote
Feed, Sii^-sr.c $ ctl; choice bright. 87V3(*V(oil;
iirewlug, 87y 3 (^92Vac: Ka 1 Chevulier, »I®l 10.
CAM, BOARD s M.KS.
Jntobmai. fusion— o'clock— No sales.
t-KcoND >kssion— No sales.
l;t«ruit -Miikninh MissiDN- No sales.
Afternoon tow— December — 2000 ctig
85Vs' • May -6000. »3y c.
O..TS— Firml • i.eld. The demand has been
good for some time ».. d there is no accumulation
of stock. , White rang,- from $1 05 to $1 .10 %> ctl
according to quality. Blnck, for feed, itOc(a.sl 05
-for seed, $1 2l>ft}l 36: Gray, nominal; iiea, &lia
1 10: Surprise, nominal.
. i iilt.N- Very steady at the recently improved
prices. Lar^e Yellow, B'%'faeOc: Small Round
do, SI OJI/2(«1 05 & ctl; White, 87lA@90c.
KYK— Is held still Wither at 81 07Vi@l 10* ctl.
UUfJiWiiKAT-*! 25(g». 36 # cuT
FLOIK AND MIJLL.STVFFS.
FLOUR— Firm, in sympathy with Wheat. Net
cash prices are as follows: '. Family extras, 84 76©
4 85; Bilkers' extras, 84 ts®4 76; superfine, 83 90
@4 25 "ft obi.
CORNMKAL. ETC— Feed Corn, $20@21 a ton-
Cracked on,. «2U 60@2l 50 V- ton. "
MILLSTUFFH— some descriptions have again
advanced. in sympathy with' the raw product,
1 rices in tacks are .as follows, usual dis
count "•■ = to ■ the trade: Cr&htun Flour,' $2 B'i
V 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 '■& .00 lbs: Rice Flour,.
e-5<5: Corn meal, .$2 85; extra cream- do, $3
oatmeal, $3 60: Oat Groats, *4: Hominy. if 3 10
©3 80; Buckwheat Flour, $3 255«3 60; Cracked
Wheat, «3 50: Farina, «4;- Whole Wheat Flour,
»..; l:olieu vats (bbls), $5 75@6 16; Pearl Barley,
93 70®4; Spill trvna, $o&0: Green do, 84 25 *»
100 lLa. ''"■•,
HAY AND iKtUSTUPFS.
Hay Is In moderate receipt and firm. No change
in Bran and Middlings.
HiiA.N- -sl3 60g)14 for the best and $12 60©13
V ton for outside brand*. ■ • .
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@18 50 for loner grades,
and *19(ja.2J f< ton tor the best.
FEKDSTUKFS-^Rolled Barley, »li<@]9 9 ton;
Oilcake .Meal at the mill. $23 1* ton; looblnz. 824
-clipped Oats, 81 30(31 85 ii ctl. '
AY — Wheat," Sb^ll::. Wheat and Oat. $70
10 60; Oat, $fi(gi9: Barley. $7.48 60: River Bur
lev, $s@« 60: Alfalfa, $5 00ig,6 50: compressed, fti
©9 50; s.ock. 85c<2-6; Clover, fti&S «4 ton.
n HAW— 36lßsoi; « bale. -.
' BSAMB AM) SEKIti,
BEANS — are stiff hut the demand is dull.
Bayos, $1 35r.z,l 50 •$ ctl; Small Whites, $1 40©
1 60: Large Whit.- 3 . SI 25©1 40: Pinks, $1 10@
1 20: Reda. tl 25@1 40: BlacKeyp. *1 10(«l 15;
Led Kidney, $2 50: Limas. 91 95@2 15; Butters.
*1 .40881 75: Pea, *1 4U(otil 6-' ctt.
SEEDS Mustards are dull at the moment, but
firmly held Brown Mustard is quotab at
*2 75@3 ■& ctl: Yellow Mustard, $2 lU@2 '-'."> li
ctl: i lax, SI Hjio.i 60: Canary Seed. i%#2«Ac
''mi.t'ff 1 fu^sf u^ s% ® cv * c: Kap-. a %c; Hemp. Ay e.
DKIKD PKAB— Mies. .sl@l Iv ctl; Green,
«1 40@l 60 »* ctl.
POTATOES,; OSaiNS,: VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The demand and supply about bal
ance, (sweet Potatoes are quotable at 75c,'d»
*'* ctl In sacks and $I@l 25 in boxes; Early
Rose. 40(546c; Burbank Seedlings, l'o@. v oc for
Rivers and 65<ai9Uc *cii for Salinas.
ON IONS— ( a3oc -f, ctl. Pickles, 25@35c f( sack.
Th^-se prices have not changed for a long wbi;e. '
\ EG ETABLES — The market Is dull and
featureless. Marrowfat Squash Is quotable at
Scyj7 ft ton: Esg Plant. 2hrg)asc bor; Toma
toes. 25<fl*£,0c f* vox; cucumbers. *B@4oc %i box:
Green Peppers, .-i, 5Cc V lar«e box: Dried Pep
pers, <@8c s» lb; Green Peas. I!y 2 @3c: Strins
Beans. 2i^@i3c: Limas, $I@l 60 sk: Green Okra,
us(oj4oc V> dox; Dried Okra, 10da)l.i 2 c %* tb; Cab
bage, 40c ii ctl; Carrots. 30@40c %» back; uariic,
l^W'-'c «l lb. . . .
BGTTKB, IHKrSK AND KOGS.
BUTTER— No further change observable.
Cbkamkby— Fancy, 25c, with sales at 2Bc; sec
onds, 28£JMo Jb.
_ Dairy— Fane-, 2ly»@a2yj.c: good to choice, 20
@21c; lower grades. U.toilSc f* lb.
PlCKl.Kl>— l6@lßc •$ to.
Fikkin— 16£17e >» lb.
Ji?^ KEY '•* üb-18@19c ID.
cuKK-t— Choice mild new firm at 9V:.®loc
Ib; common to good old, 6V2@BV»c lb: Cream
Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America, 10@ilc '# lb;
Western, 10(g»llc: Eastern, ll@l3c * &■
EGGS — Are steady and- unchanged. East
ern are quotable at 20@22%c * dozen for
fair to choice; 24@26c for fancy and 17V»(*18^*>c
for co d-storage: ranch Kggs, 26@30c for pullets',
Jofai.i^V2 for sma Ito medium and 36(^.-)7V2 c for
choice; cold-storage, 22i, 2 (f1,24c; Duck Eggs, 26c
POtLTUV A>l> GA.»K.
POULTRY-Turkeys are dull and went. Large
fat Hens are firm. Young stock is not as weak as
It has been. No more Eastern Poultry is expected
for several days and this tends to steady the
market.
Live Turkeys are quotable at ll@l2c 1* Ib
for Gobblers, ll@l2c fl Ib for Hens; young
Turkeys.. 12@14c %\ Ib; Dressed Turkeys, 12®
16: Geese, f pair, $1 25: Goslings, «1 6U®l 76;
Ducks. |X«>b 50 for old and §3 50@4 50 for young:
Hens. $4@4 60 V doz: Roosters, young. »3 iO@
4 50: Co. old. $3 60@4; Fryers. $2 75<a3 25:
Broilers, 5? 76<53 25 lor large and $2 26@2 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1 25©1 60 %4 dozen lor young
and 76c@$l for old.
— Arrivals sell readily English Snipe,
*2 ■? doz: Ja k Snipe. 75c@*l fi dozen; Hare. $1
V, doz: Rabbits, $1 50 for Co. tonlalls and $1 26
for small: Gray Geese, *2@2 50; White Geese, f1;
Brant, $1 25© 1 50
DKCIDUOUS AM) CXXKUS I'KUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Pomegranates, 3a(a7sc « box.
Apples are firm at 65c<&$1 ii box for choice,
25@50c :or common.
Pears, Ss@6sc ft box: Winter Nellis are doing
be ter c: 75c(g,?l 25.
Persimmons, 75c@$l %i bx.
BE&BIKi — .
<. berries from Cape Cod. $B®B 50 fl bbl; from
Co oh Bay. *2 60 1* box.
Strawberries, $Sf*6 for lante berries.
Raspberries, nominal: none coming in.
oKAPi-.s— Mocks are small and prices are
St-ady. Tokays, 40®M)c "t» box; Black <.r:.pes. 40
(g>sUc box: Verdels, So@riOi- V box: Cornichons.
50©65 c: Muscat. 40(^65c: Grapes in crates bring
10($loc more than In boxes.
Wine Grapes continue neglected and nominal at
$10@--'2 >* ton for lllack.
CITRUS KHUITS — Limes are more plenti
ful- and lower. Lemons are quotable at -$1@
1 50 * box for common and . $2@2 50 1* oox
for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $3@4 V liox :
California limes. 60@75c: ■ Bananas. $I(s2 %*
bunch; Pineapples, $2.a4 *«■. dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
I RTT.D FIMITS-
Frnits and Nuts are quletrr, thoush prices are
steady. Raisins ( outitiue active aud firm.
Uuotauuus ou .in.- Irun h.xchan;e are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots — Apricots ar« quotab'e at 6Sd
9c for Royals and UVL-feCl-c for choice
to fancy >:oorparks: Prunes, 3%c for the
4 sizes; Peaches, 4@5-^[C for prime to choice, o^
@7c for ):(iicv anu 9@loo lor peeled in boxes:
Apples, 5»4@6c for evaporated and 2{<f.2Vsc
lor suu-drleu; Pears, 2Vs>(6»''C {or prime to choice.
i'S.^\'z c for quarters and «>.."..•! or halves: Plums,
4c lor pitted and lVi c lor v:i pitted; Nectarines,
SV-Q-IVsC for choice »nrl :<> >l; lor lancy; Wimo
Figs. 3c: Black Figs, 2V4®-¥sc.
Jof:iiiN(i I'KICKS — leaches. 4%@sV>c ■*> Ib;
fancy, 6V%®7u.c: y tb: peeled. a2V>c ~fr it.;
Apricots. 6V«j@t<c V ib: fancy. 10c: Moorparks, 12
013 c: evaporated Apples. 6c: sun-dried, •1*4(3
ac; Prunes. 38/i@4c sor the 4 sires: Figs, black,
i 3c for OOjitUMliil and S@3Vic for pressed; white
Figs, 1c; Plums. 4 V^@sc for pried and 1 2c2 c lor 11
-pllted; Nectarines, 4i£6c 1* lb for prime 10 fancy;
j Pears. 2^4#A<] tor wtiule. 4VI:©SVi;C lor quartern
and 4i/2<g,H*/2 c for halves.
RAI IN>-
Carload Prices, t. o b. FRrsjtp — Fonr-crown
loose. 5' ■: 3-crowri. 4Vic: 2-crown. 3Vic; Seedless
latins. 6y 2 c;, needless Muscatels. 4c: 8-crown
London !iyr«. $1 -0: clusters. 91 50: Dehesa
clusters, »2 50; lmoerlal clusters, $3: dried
Grapes, 3c •$ tt>.
Jobbing Pricks— ?as Francisco— Fonr-crown,
loose. 5 3 /4C. 3-crown. 4S^c; 2-crown. ;'^ic: seedie»s
Miliuna-. ft'Vic; seedless Muscatels, 4V 2 c: 3-crowu
London layers. $1 30: clusters 91 60: 17eLesa clus
ters. $2 76: Imperial clusters. S3 25.
ZitlTH— Chestnuts quotable at b'a. 10c: Walnuts,
Dew crop, f. O. i/. -hipping point, "6 Vie "$ !b for
etandaid and c? lb i r softshell; Almonds. 6&
6Vjc for Lansuedoc,3@;<y 2 cfor hardshell and B@'.'o
for paper-shell, jobbing: 1 eanuts. 4(s6c lor cas.ern
and 4c lor California: Hickory Nuts. 5(g,60 '«! 0):
Pecans, 7Vjfe«c: Filberts. '1 V3&B •: Brazil Nuts,
7V"(&«o r Hj: Cocoannts, $4®:. ?* 100. "l ..i.-'
HU X 1 -Comb, )o(jg»l^V2 i; for bright and s^9c
for lower grades; water-white extracieJ, 5^,5Vj -■:
light amber extracted, 4y £ (ja)4^ic; Uurk amber, 2<a
4V 8 c: tiu.ru., 2®3c «l Ib.
AA.— _3ia»26c %» m.
i K«.. visions.
CURED MEATS — Are selling well at pre
vious prices. Bacon Is quotable a. 6c 9 ib
forh<»avy. 7- $ lb tor light medium, 9Vac for light,
10c ft, lor extra light and 11 Vjc ft lb for Rugaz
curea: astern susar-cured Earns, 13(d13y 3 c;
California llama. ll@ll%c: Mess Beef, $7@7 60;
extra mess do, fb:s>.> 50: family do. *9<SS» 50:
extra prime Pork, *7 t.o@': extra clear. 816 «l
bbl; mess. *14 «i bbl; Brno ed Beef, 10c » tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is Quoted at 6c for
compound and b^'§7c lor pure; pulls, "Vie 1* tb;
California tierces, oiaiaVijc «i tt> for compound and
ti/*c for pure: balt-bbis, b^xc; 10-tt> -in* 7V4C:
do 5-tt>. 7V»c * Jb.
'"ll'iil.i-,Nr-«i/ 4 «6Vio in tierces and 73-i®
«V a c %> kin 10 & tint T
UIUKS, TALLOW; WO -L AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Are strong at the ad
vance. Heavy suited n:<t>ro are quutabln at
8> '('. lt> : culls and brands, 7- 'ft lb; medium, 7c ?! Ib;
1 vii- .> ..il brainls. 6c 1\ tb. 1.j," , 61: "f 1 It; culls and
bri.nds, 6c > lb; Cowhide* 6c 1* ft>; culls ana
brands, 5c %* lb; salted Kip, 61? Ib: salted Cnlf,
8c ft lb: sal. cd Veal.* 6c %* lb; dry Hides, l»c fi to;
culls and brands. 9c ■$ tt.; dry Kip and Veal, lie;
culls, fi-i V ft,; dry Calf, Isc: culls. 10c: Goat-
BKins, I'UtoS&c each: Kids. 6c: Deerskins, good
summer, "jo® -5c %i ]b: medium. 15020 c; winter,
7(ft9c; Sheepskins, shearings, 10©l 6c each: short
woo!, 20(ja Hoc each; medium, 4l>(g»&0c each; long
wools, 50(fl,tiuc eacn. Culls of all kinds about %c
less.
TALLOW- Shows no chance. No. 1, rendered,
2V->@3c;, No. i; 5.'© I Ji/ic: refined, 4»4@50: Grease,
3c p lb.
WOOL— demand is good, but holders are in
clined to ask more than buyers care 10 p.ty at pres
ent. so business is quiet. We quote >all WOOI as
follows: Southern mountain, 3ft£s>.yc: middle coun
ties, lree, si/2@7c; do, detective, 4V'2@6c: San
Joaquin, 3(u,5c Spring clip: Nevada, t(3.Si^c: san
Jvuiiuin >vii >ouiiieru Coast, six months. 3%@5c.
HOPS — .i(»9,- %* lb tor fair to choi.e and 10(j$llc
for -irlcily fancy. The demand is good and the
market is firm at the advance.
titNV.KAL MKKCHAXDISE
BAOF— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, «4 10@4 15;
San tjuentln, $4 20: Wool Bags. 24V»@26VaC:
Fruit Bags. sV<j@Cc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 9 ton: New Wellington,
£8 %* ton: ; Southlieid Wellington, $7 60 i* ton;
Seattle. $5 60@6; Bryant, ?5(a5 50- Coos Bay, 5:
Wallsend. *6: hcotcn. : Brvmbo. •
Cumoenand, «13 '*>, ton In bulk and *14 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Esc. $11@12 irt ion;
Welsh Anthracite, $8@10: Cannel. 4S©B bO: Rock
Springs. Cast.c Gate and Pleasant Valley, *7 60;
Coke. $11@12 In bulk and *1 ■■> ton Ins ks.
CANNKD FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red. 2U,.
Ib extra. $2 It" %* dozen; \\ hitoCherries—2Va-tt>ex
tra. $ i 50; 2V3-tb standards. $. 10 Peaches—Yel
low, free, f 1 j j©i 50; Yellow, cling, i.y a -tbs and
ards. 9 ; second*, $ . Apricots, «oc(a^l 05.
Raspberries— 2i,<i-lb standards, $1 76. Strawber
ries—standards $1 75.-
CAN.NED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c 9
dozen, 2V 2 -lb tins. Peas— *l@l -5 *?* dozen.
COF Eh.— c. E. B!ck lord's circular gi es the re
ceipts at this port during the tint ten months of
the year at 123.717 ba^s. asuiust 14^,7:-54 bases
daring the rbuio lime last year. The sales from
first blinds were 101,911 bags. :iSHlnm 129.174.
The Mock on hand November 1 was 10,38 • bags,
ai-ainsi s*- 4 7 November 1,1fc95, and the world's
vislb supply November 1 was. 3,844, bags,
against 3.3i8,658. The circular »ays: •' 1 be Presi
dential election has monopolized the attention of
the e-'tlre country the last week 10 the virtual ex
clusion of matters commercial, and there is, there
fore, ss little 10 be Bind of coffee an of other
staples during that period.' Gool unwashed Salva
dor has advanced 10 17®.7V*c, owins to scarcity
more apparent, than -real. as a considerable Quan
tit- here Is held under prohibitory limits, and for
the time being unavailable, other sorts remain
al>ou us quoed October 27. The Guatemalas and
Mexicans arriving yesterday per Colon are mostly
new crop. an 1 | when I offer.-d 1 will find ready sale
here and for overland pment. To-.iavN stock
consists of 348 Costa Rica, "l 27 Nicaragua, 3040
Salvador, 631. Guatemala, 206 Mexican; in all
Hi. 6 4 ba:s, against; 6254 same time last ear.
steamer Newport Is due November 9. with 200
ba^s. ■ We quote trarket quiet.". y^-^i^fi^SSXf^H
Costa Rica— l7»/i@l9V«ic for good to prime: 17
@17VaC for good mixed' with black beans; 15"Mj<d
16Vac for fair; 1"."6*v14y 2 c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— It ©l9c tor good to prime washed;
17y4@17% $ lb for fair washed: 19®'.!0c for good I
to prims unshed pealwrry: 17%@i7'Vic for su- ■
perior unwashed: 17g»i7Vic for good unwasaed;
17 1p($18 '-zc for good to prime un .1 ashed ueaberry.
I iiUAiF.MAu AND Mexican— 2OV4@-iO»/ic nom.
for i.rimi- 10 strictly prime washed; I9@2uy4c for
goo.l to strictly good washed: 17V2@l*J%c fur fair
washed: 14%@i6c tor medium": ii@l3%c for
ordinary; 9@liy3C tor inferior to common; 16*4 I
fiSO^ld for gooa to prime washed peaberry; 18 I
@18i/2C tor good to prime unwashed, peaberry..
mi— Pacific cod. catch of 1-96, 100-tt. cases,
4&434 c lb: 50- ib bundles, 4c; Boneless, s@sy»c:
Bleeps, ;;@'/ Vac: Desiccated, $1 70; Pacific Her
ring, 15c "$ oox ; Dutch do, 90c@$l 10 » keg; i
WhiteUish, $1 60 inhalf-bbis and *l 75 in kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $12; Mackerel, bbl— No. 1, '
$20; No. 2, *18 50; No. 3, $17; hall- bbls- .no. 1, I
$9@9 50; .No. 2,98 50(a9- No. 8, $8 50- kits. No.
1, $1 50: No. 2, $1 25: No. 3. $1.
QUICKSILVER— Quoted for export at $34©
36 50 «l flask. * - T
' OlL— California Castor OH, . cases, Na 1, 95c; |
bbl-, Bv»c per ga. (mauuracturers* rates): Linseed I
Oil, in bbls, boiled. 43c; do raw, 41c; cases, 5c i
more: lam Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 56c:
Ao. 1, 45c; cases, 5c higher; china Nut, $4 70(» '■
5 •# case.
PETROLEUM; GASOLINE, ETC.— Water-white !
Coal Oil. in ouU, ll%c; Pearl Oil. Iv cases. 17c
Ugal; Astral, do. 17c gal: Mar. do, 17c ■$ gal:
Kxtra Star Oi 1 , in cas s, i:lc; Elaine, do, 22c;
Eocene, do, 19c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In '
bulk, 12y 2 c; do. Incases, 18% c; 63° Deodorized I
Naphtha, in bulk, 12c; 63° ..o, la cases, 17y 3 c; BU°
Gasoline, in bulk 2 c; 86° do, 111 cases, 35 «i gal.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 5y 4 @5%c •$ Id.
RED LEAD— Quotable at si/4tasy 3 c %! lb
TURPENTINE-In cases. ttc; in iron barrels,
39c: in wooden barrels. 41c ii !b.
CANDLES— Electric Light— 6'>, 16 oz, 7-^ic: do,
14 oz. 7c; do, 12 oz, 6V4c; do, 10 oz, 5%c: Grau- j
if. — 6's, . 16 oz. 9Vic; do, 14oz, b%c; do, 12oz, !
78,4 c; do, 10 oz, 7cf)lb; Parattine Wax Candles, i
wi ite, etc., assorted colors, 9c; Christmas Can- I
die* 7c. . ,'••--■
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refining Company
has advanced prices and now quotes, terms net
cash: Cube and Crashed, 6c: Powdered, 5y 2 e;
Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granulated, 4%c: Coniec
tloners' A, 8 c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 43 /gC;
Golden C, 4V«c; half barrels 1,4 c more than bar
els, and boxes %c more. .
SAN FRANCISCO MX AT MARKET.
1 rices show no further change. Wholesale rates
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BKEF— quality, 6c : second do. 4@4%c;
third do, 3%c * lb. !r-.;. ,v
VEAL— Large. 4V / 2@)sc; small, ts@7c * a.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6®5%c; . Ewes, 4@sc
fi lb. •
LAMB— s@6c
PORK— Uve Hoars. 3y4@3s/s<s »l Ib for large «nd
medium and 3Vi@3 3 » or small; dressed do, 4%
(g)4^4c %* tt). . •-■,.■::•--.
wood, LUMBER, etj.
Posts, 9@loc each: Redwood, 85 per cord; Oak,
rousb, $t> 50: peeled. $9: Piiie, *5 75.
TA.VBARK-sl4 %i cord.
LUMBER— Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1,
rough, $13(ai7 60 for the different lengths: No. 2,
»U: No. 1 Floorinr, S2lf<S2ri; Lath, S2; Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, $18@22;
Shingles, common, $1 50; Shakes, $9 '$ M.
liKCJEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR V 4 HOrfRS.
Flonr. <ir slrn... 1 1,2861 Cheese, ctls
Wheat.eU* 23, 1 5 !) Ih. »r«s doz 4,740
Washington... 32, 5b5 Hides, no . 4hO
Parley, clfl 810 1 Pelts, bdlg. 56»
Oats, ctls 136! Wine, gals 23,200
t'Uden. 450 Wool, bis 438
R.ve. cils 39..5 v s; Sugar, bb15... .... 4,018
Kj:yp:n <. orn.sks 421 i.euiher. r0115.... 21
Beuns. ttks 1,797, Lumber. M feet_ 60
Potatoes, sks 1,553 Utiicksllver.flstu 140
Onions, sks 4. Haislns. boxes.. 4,195
bran. Bks 13Ui Hops, bis 88
Middlings, slcs... 84V Lime, bbls M
1J ay, ions 319 Tallow, ctla. 8
Butter, ctls 67 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
.The Comstocks were weak yesterday and almost
every stock on the list was lower.
Proposals for 5000 shares Spring Valley Water
were accepted yesterday at an average of 97.31
per share.
Local corporations will pay monthly dividends
as follows on November 16: ; San "Francisco Gan
Light, 35 cents; Oakland Gas,' 25 cents; Edison
Llaht and Power, 662/3 "cents: Pacific 'telephone
and Telegraph, 40 cents: sunset Telephone and
Telegraph, 25 cents. Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm Company will pay a quarterly dividend of
5 cents.
Ihe Channel Bend nine Company of El Do
rado County has levied an assessment of 2 cents
per share, delinquent December 2.
'1 he ainual meeting of th« Giant Powder Com
pany Consolidated has been called for Novem
ber 25.
In the (hollar mine (Comstock workings), in
the north stops above crosscut -2, 450 lev. -1, they
are working north and south on the twe f-h and
thirteenth floors, the pay being lower in grade
and more spoiled at this point. On tue ninth floor j
going south they are finding some fair (trade ore
on he east wall, in lh« south stope on this level i
they are stuping north and sooth on the eighth I
and ninth Ho. m In fillings of. fair grade and ;
bunches 01 ore in place of good grade. On the |
650 level they are sill lullowinc the streak of pay j
In tne iiojth stope on the track floor, it being three j
feel wide, the ice samples running from $25 to
$40 per ton. The west crosscut from the north
lateral drift on this level is out 80 feel in porphyry
and clay. They have saved from all points
durlnc the week 105 tons and 80l) pounds of ore.
ih- average battery sample • f which was $6 62
cod and 12.04 ounces silver per ton. The ore
was shipped to the Nevada mill tor reduction.
In the Potosi mne (Comstock workings) the
raise from the intermediate level opened from the
top of ihe raise from the south lateral drift on the
450 level has been cont.nued to and connected
with th • west crosscut from the south drift in the i
tunnel level. Tiic 1 01* from the . bottom of this
rase shows some fair ore, but which requires care
ful ass>i' ting. In the cropplngs the south drift ou
the bO level has been cleared out and repaired for
60 feet. When this work is completed another
west crosscut will be run from it; have saved trom
the intermedia: e workings 9 tons 700 pounds of
ore, the average car tan pie 01 which was 97 04 in
gold and 12.51 miners 01 silver per ton.
A»*e**ments rcnitln*.
Following Is a list or assessment no* n»nt!nr.
Comcast.
Deltnqc i
No. Ann. In ihs Sals D»r.
BoarJ. I
fellow Jacket-
:'oiost
•savaee
Mexican.
.ha.lenge
lustice
See. Belcder
Silver King
North Gould it Curry
61
4t>
9tj
65
22
81
I>>
15
17
•25:.uct VI Nov 20
25!. 0c-. 2t .Nov a*
JJO.Nov 2.Nov 24
20. N0t 6 Dec 3
10 .Nov 14 .Dec ' 8
'. OR .Nov 14 .Dec 8
10. Nov la .De.: 11
25 Nov -l . Jan 5
.Dec C.Dec 22
LOAi.l) .>A^KS.
roTirtwtn* iripi» !he biaei In the Sao Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
rinruit lIOBXINO 6Kfa:iOV.>OVlflWCrX» 9:30.
6KO A1ta... ... 101350 Chllar... 1.85 100 Occd . ..30
150 B «EJJ 40J li A C 60|20J Ophir .1.25
350 BS|IOO H&N...1.20 4JO P0i05i.*...71
20 1 Bullion... 16 10J Mexcn....6l 200 70
LOO Caleda....lo 100 .60 300 H N*.....82
150 CC\tV ..1.7'. .'OO occldtl.. ..:■- -UJ V Ja«ji«i..^3
60 1.66 300 .... 31 ■
.. AJTKKSOO.V SESSION— 2 :~0.
100 Andes 23 MO Cha11ge...32i103 Mexican.. 6o
10 1 Beicner...47 100 ; 33 100 0cc1d.... 28
50 :.v ...it iOJ 1 »i01r...1.75 10) ...1.30
60 BAB ©0 -0-) Cona .1.00 500 Fotoal ...71
300 8u11i0n.... j OO O&C 64J10U » MHkt^M
lollowinc were the tbiod in ma Pac lie block
lunru yesterday:
■B»nt;r.Aß PTfnjrw— Tn :
80" Ai^tia...~lol6o CCV.1.67%i400 Kentack..Os
200 Alta 11 100 C0nn....:.C0i 00 Occd... 29
-00 Andes. ..-22 400 C Imp . ...0) 250 Opnlr. 1.26
i<oii Belcher... 4t 400 0- 200 0vrmn....1l
101) 8«fc8....90300 Crwn Pt..;-.7|tiU » I'otoi 70 j
35il „ 89 100 Exchqr....l'3|2oi| c....60 ■
20J ;...... 87 150 u<tc 64,500 Scorpion.. os !
200.... 100 700 S B<fcM.. 04 i
400 Million....!:'' 50 H&N...1.V0 SOI) Aev.. . 63 |
200 Cal eda.... 10 200 .......1;17% .00 .....w. 62% '
:;(),!». i.di,i.e. .;-.3 »0 ..... 1.16i40u Uuioa. .. .61!
50 1 iio. 1. .1.90 300 Justice.. .0412 0 Utah..... 10 I
200 I*4< JUJ JUex... ...t">l>3oJ Yjv»..,..4t !
260 ......~..1.bu ! 60U.. ,:..60l
**TKK'NOON' SKSSION— 2tSO.
300 A1nha.....10 100 Chalice.. .33 40 ) P0t051.....72
200 Aim 10 '-00 CCV.1.72y 2 300 ............71
200 Andes 58* 100 .....;.... I.7o|jou ...... .:.; 70 \
250 8e1cher.. .47! 50 C0nn....1.t0 15 1 Ravage . <0 '
20U 8dc8..... 89 40J C P0int.. .37 400 SBJfcii 03
lUO h^2oo U &C.....64 -JU) &Nev....63 1
700 bodle &8 400 ......eL 100 ..V... .....60 i
60J ..6b4o> 1i<kN...1.20 400 Uni0n. ...62 I
300 8u11i0n. ...1 6 boO Mexican ..61 j^OO 61
100 8u1wer... 4 4 100 Mono 18 ! 100 .. .... JO
10j choir... 1.80 201) occidt 28 20J Utah V..'.! 10 I
100 ..........13/4 150 Ophir... 1.25.30 YJtu3KMk_«s
100 .. M 1.7«. 200 0vrmn... .11100 44
1 LOSING QUOTATIONS.
, TUESuaY, Nov. 10 IP. If.
Alr>»m C«»l. ... 09 10 Jsckson. ...... 25 40
Air*. 09 10 Jalla... — t;5
Andes. 22 23 Justice.!.' — us
Kelcher.... 46 48 iventuclc....^ — 14
lies*. & Ke.orier 88 89 .ady Wash.... — 13
Benton C0n.... — li Mexican. .'..... 60 61
80dte .......... 68 60 Mono 15 —
Bullion ........ 13 16 .Nevada Queen 03 04
8u1wer..... — 4:. Occidental 27 28
Caledonia...... 08 10 0phir.... ...... 1.25 3. 50
Chollar ........1.70, 1.76 Overman- 10 * 11
Con.Cal<fcVa...l.Gs 1.70 t'0t05U......... 70 71
Challenge Coo. 30 ■■ 32 ravage.... 59 ■ 60
Con. Imperial. 01.- C 2 scorpion 06 18
Confidence 1.00 1.06 -eg. Belcnsr. .. —'- 05
Con New York — b4Uyndicata .. 03 —
Crown Point... 36. .37 Mlver Hi 11.... Ol (2
lnM>.erra.N"97 t4 — terra .Nevada. 61 62
i--ureka con ... 30 — I'nlouCon..... '60 a 2a 2
Exchequer .... 02 13 Utah............ —. . 10
Uouio scurry. - 02 64 Yellow JacJCtt. 43 44
iii.ni.Nurcrs 15 1.20
STOCK ANIT BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov 10 2p.m.
rXITW STATES BONUS.
■ \£t". . AU;ea.\ •. '■ Bid. %Atked.
C 8 4seonp.l'9 - ÜB4sreg... -. — - 107*4
Co new isßU«j2o — I ■
MIBCKI.T.ANKOPS BONDS.
CM-ntCWoSv 108 — ■ IncKoii — _
Cal Elec LS» 117 — Do 2d Is th. . — _
Cntral'WSt — 97^l'*OKr4i. _ ,315
Dcnt-stex-CD — 97 P&Cii Ry6i. — : in7v
hCan L&Vitol'Zl 130 Pwl-st RBBV _ . 118v2
*&CHKRBj. ■■■—.. 106 Heno, WI&L — . 305
lieary-Blßsi 100 . — fcacto P&U. i_ . J«o
I.osAnitLiSi. — 100. |>-K&NPKSj 99 99.,
lJoUßi«ed6i - 101 bPRRArtiJs •_ : «a
Mkt- B tCblea4ll9V 2 — :*-PRRCaldj. 110 ';-:,■_,'
l)oKyConas..losVil«s% BPRRCaIS». — 100 *•
K«tVm6sl« — 100 |6PBrRC^3* — '^87 --
NevCNrß.7*. 99 — £VWater6s.. 1173,4 _
N PCRRBIIOO — Water**. 88% 99
>' KyCaldi.iuO — (MktaU&Edj 99 loiVi
NKy Cal ss. — 90 KunsiT&TtS*. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 (>uiie,r-stKJi. iU9:^l , 2V 2
ho XtX'n 64.. 105 108 Viaiain.WCUj — —
UUililtiU* U».i17%118y4 ' '
.' WiTER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 31 35 .10ie. .. — _
Alarm C 0 . .. >» .' •— . |>i.m!; Valler 87% &814
GAS STOCKS. '
CaPttal — *>4 Pacific LI-V. 49 61
Central-"." '.'.' 95 - San Frai.ca -a 97^ 98
Oai LA U 53% 54 btocitlo.,.,v% — iU
PucGaslujp. fcSi.- s »0 ' | '/ ">V : .
IXBITBANCE STOCKS.
Flreman > sF<il62Vil»o |-»nn — • -
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AinerPATU - - London pAa. 125 130
Anslo-C'al. . 54Vi BO l.ondonit**)i<. - 30
Bank of Cal A 0 — Slerch Ex... 12 —
Cat b JJ&TCoIOT I*1 '* — -Nevada...... — —
Hral.S*.»Uow. — 181 -sather 800 — —
SAY .'OS BANK STOCKS.
o#rß<«:T,o.l26'l 1600 lravJSLo»a- — 110
HumhS*SL.lluU — fcecurtly 245 —
Mutua1........ — 40 X. uuja TraM. 770 —
bJeSMtvUnioa — 50 J
>.f:"v. STBEBr HAILBOAD STOCKS.
California. i<. * ' — |O»lcSLAil»y — 100
beary-.it. — 60 'Presidio . . 8 —
M«trjtßl-»U... 43% 43%t^utter-« — ,~{<~
POWDJiB STOCKS.
Atlantic n.. — - it'iantcoa.. . 18 18%
Eastern D... 73 — Judson i>.... — —
Calllurnia.... 7') — lVlroriL.. 50c —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AiiMlMirkn. 86V4 87%! Vtnco . - -
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 i Oceanic 33C0 17 20
Cul Cot Mill* - - PacAuxPA. — 4
Edison Light 125 126 t PacßoraxCo. 9* 100
Ua*ConAsso. — — 1 I'ac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 ■ Part PaintU» — 7
HawC&SCo.. 18% 19 PacTrxiisCo. — —
sutch^SPCo 25V± 26%| PacT<feTCo. — —
MerEzAssn. lot) ilO i Sunset TAC. — —
i: Li»c i-ijjat 33,4 4%lUnlt*>d OOa. — —
BAXKS— MOBN1S»,8KSSIO»
Poani—
67 Hutcblnson S Co - 25 25
120 do do 26 50
50 do d 0... 25 »7%
60 BFGasiieht.... »7 75
JO S V Water 97 s<» ■
?300US V 4%' Bonds 98 87%
20 Edison Light A Power Co 123 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial 19 25
Nire«>i_
30 Alaska Packers' Association.. 96 60
HALL.I- tuimniii aICSKOV.
Fo«r<l—
20 Contra Costa Water 3100
HOUutchtnson PCo. _ 26 a.'"
10 do do 25 «7%
26 Giant Powder Con 18 00
50 Hawaiian CommerciaL . 19 12%
65 do do 1900
50 do do 18 87%
115 BFGasllght '. 97 75
25 SV Water *8 00
»2000 SV 4% Bonds... '. 88 87%
Ktrpp; —
4000 Omnibus Cable Bonds. 118 00
25 SV Water J>7 75
A Little African Allegory.
Makamda, Makanjira's embassador, told
the following story on coming to the fort.
He said that among the animals the rab
bit had the reputation of knowing pood
places in the lorest and on the plains.
When elephants, zebras, leopards and even
lions decided udod having some jollifica
tion, they called in a rabbit and asked
him to provide a suitable place for the en
tertainment. He also w«s supposed to be
an expert at drumming. Then Makamda
said, "I am the rabbit, and I come Irom
Makanjira; he is the lion, and sends me
to search a suitable place."— August Cen
tury.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
November, 1896
Su. Mo. To. _VV. Th. Vr. Sa. Moon . Phase,
1 346«7453S New Moou.
— J : W Nov. 4.
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ~ Fln , Quartel
vi* Nov. 11.
16 16 17 18 39 20 21 _ ..
• -; A Full Moon.
I 1 \£J Nov. 20.
22 23 24 25 26 27 28
I 1 Last Quarter.
29 SO • NOV - 7 -
-i
liltA> SI KAJiI-t!).
Oate< of Rppartnre From S«n Francisco.
Errata Loos Bay Nov 11. 10am 1 Pier 13
Umpire ' Oreeon ports . Nov 11, 6pm ! Pier 11
I ■r.-xa I Newport .. . Nov 11, i>Alt|PtH '.
Rio Janeiro. CblnatfcJapao Nov 12, Ipm pass
NJouowai Sydney jNovlii, 'Jpm Pier 7
r-aiun Kosa. -an J)i"e;o Novl3.llaii fief 11
5nn01. ....... , Grays iiaroor. Nov ;3. 12* Pier 'A
fomoua. I Humboldtßti\ Nov 13, Iltu ! Pier 9
Columbia... ; PorUana .'. i Nov 14.1"am I Hie»
Karallon.... I Vaqatna Bay. ! Nov-15. 9am nets
Ray — Newport ! Nov 15. Yam I Pier II
2ily Puebla' Vie A Snd ! Nov 18, Bam Pier 9
Blanchrd Oregon ports.. Nov 15. 9aw Tier 13
Loroiih San Ul<»co |\ov:7.llai. t'lcrll
Newport Panama |NovlS.l'J m PMSS
«:h -or (.-■>■ ■ .Inn-! .. Nov]9.lOam Pinr 11
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Truclcee Tlllaruook Bay
Arcata ' rorlland
feu 'ioi Grays Harbor
North Font Hnniboldl Bay
City Puebla Victoria ■& Fuget Sound
Pant* Kosa San Diego
San I'.enito. Tacoma
Farallon | Yaaulna Bar
Alcairaz j Yaouina Bay
Columbia Portland.
Pomona ........ Hombold; Bay...
Coos Bay Newport..... •....
rroereso Seattle
Aiiceßlanchard Portland
0rizaba........:. Mexico
Crescent City... Crescent City „
Homer Coos Bay
Corona.... --an Diego.
State of Cal Portland
Walla Walla... Victoria <£. Puget Sound
Kiireka. Newport
City of Everett. | Departure Bay
City Sydney ! Panama ...........
Nov 11
..Nov 11
..Novll
..Soy li
...\OT II
..Nov 11
.Not 11
>ov 13]
..NOV 12
. n .v ia
: >ov 12
. Nov 13
..Nov 13
..Nov 13
..Nov 14
..Nov 15
..Nov 15
..Nov 15
..Nov IB
..Nor 16
..Nov 17
..Nov 17
..Nov 18
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. f. Coa»t *irn nEonKTro Frsvirr TroB 1 !
Bdi.lktix Phblishkd by Opficiai, V
ACTHORITV OK THE S(IPEHIXTI.\ DICVT. )
Wednesa-. November IL
Son rises 6.4,71 Moon rises.
Ban sets 5.01 1 M00n sets. ..'.'.'.'. 1 1.2 Ipm
November— lß9B.
t\ '" ' Fee - Feet _! [ Feet T '"'" Fast
T - H W L W HA 1. W
ill 6.&S
12 G. 4'
13 7.19
L v\
14 0.52
15 1.42
16 2 .-"J
17 2 58 1
4.9uu.52|
5.2 12.20
6.8 1.32
H W
1.3 756
1.7 827
2.1 K56
•2.X 0.2(1
8.61 4.lb| *.& li. b iT3
31 5.41 4.3 11.57 U6
2.6 7.00 4.2
LW H «
6.4 26 1.9 8.13 4.2
6.4 2.68 1.4 9.17 4.2
!>.5 3.40 O.P 10.10 4 i
6.6 4 15j 0 5 11.02 4.0
Notb— ln the sDcve exposition of the tides iv»
•arly morning titles are given in the left hand
eoiumrv, and the successive tide* of the day in the
order of occurrence a-j to time. The second time
column cives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne last or right
hand column given the last tide of the day exceDt
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additlous to tns
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes iv«
height, and then the number given is subiractiva
from the demh given by the cnarin.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch or the United Slates Hvdrographlc
I Offlre located in the Merchant*' Exchange la
; maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
; mariners without regard to nationality a.id free of
I cxi ent>e. • ■
Naviga ors are cordially invited to visit the
, office, where complete sets Of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nan 1 for com
par son and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
Th L m ? aI I ontop of tho balldln X on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120lh meridian, by
Ti < uS P r *-? ai rec « lv "»ch day from the
United States Naval Observatory »-. Mare Island.
*JiJ2tf2 '» tln X Whether the time ball was
nnh?, P h f ,X, llme< ° r K ' Vin * the errOl> - lf a "y. '»
anrt h% th« he Sam " day oy the afternoon papers,
end by the morning papers the following ,i»v
• w. a. Hughk*.
Lieutenant, V. 8. N., In charge.
; The lime Ball.
Branch Htpkooraphic Offiob. U. a. N., ■»
Mkrchaxts' Kxchanric I
Tb» til . BA - Vtls «>- Sovemoer 10. 1899. )
exacUT "" ba " On lele eraoa Hill warn oropp^l
exactly at noon to-day— L c. ai ; noon of the T>«i'i
meridian, or exactly at « r. v.. (Jreenwich tune.
W. S. Hushes,
Liontenant V. S. ,N. n i-iiarjp.' '
Sihlrl' t .,v, iiS^i, lllu'^ v,^..
Arrived.
TUESDAY. November 10.
Lo\ tm n Mineola, Plllsbury. 31 hours from Port
Los Angeles; l>a:iast, to S P Co.
C*\lL "nl P B u » nrlla> Haso 60 days from
Caleta. Buena: ballast. 10 tuus.er ■ ■
_ tr jl I o lJrumaUs - Campbell. 54 days from Syd
ney: 3.02 tons coal, to halfour. Guthri &Co
_Br ship - uchpneairn. Nelson. 67 days from Port
Pine; ballast, 10 M-.ver. Wilson AC -
Ger snip Niob . Jordan. l6i days from Newcas-
U rvi'"& Eyre lUiQUe 40 aays: 1240 to " s coal> t0
Br ship Hawk'idale,'- steele, 4H days from Syd
ney, arrived off his port and was ordered to pro
ceed to Portland by the pi ot boa Bonlta
Br baric ; Edinbur<hshlre, Philip, o9 days from
Newcastle, N.->W; 1934 tons coal, to J J Moore ™
Bark Prussia, Hanson, 11 days from Port 'Make
ley: lumber and piles, 10 Ramon, Holmes A Co. .■:. ■ :
Cle»r*>'l
TUESDAY. November 10- .
Stmr Eureka, Parsons, fcan Pedro: Goodall. Per
kins <t Co.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Sprcckels A Bros Co.
Stmr Colon, .Mackinnon, Panama; P M S SCO.
■-Nip Jaoez Howes, Clapp, New YorK ; John -
Koseiifeld's Sons
>lnp Spar au. Polite, Sydney: J J Moo>e\fc Co.
BKtn .-, N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu; J D
Sprockets 4 Bros Co.
- Falls*.
TUESDAY, November 10.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc.
elmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Mmr c;, . v-, an v. Santa • Tus.
Sttur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City, '
>tmr Hom>?r. .lessen. Coos Fay.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu. .
»tmr jiexico, rnoraa<*,Victqriaana Pnget Sound.
liilamook. Hansen.
BO p Parian, Poilu-. >ydney.
(jer b>ir.c Bertlia. Kasch. Antwerp.
Etta B. Bourne. Fort Ross,
bcnr Bend. Winkel.
Ael«> K r tnhic.
TOINT LOBOS Nov. 10.— li) p. m.— WeatMf
loudy: wina SW: velocity 6 mlta* vveacM '
'"i ■'■'- ■: ":'-■■ - Charters
tn^nr^L ß^ Wlndermere is chart ered for wheat
to Europe. 22s 6d-l a 3d less Jlr. ct-a decline,
i 7 ki £ - 1 ?, aillla J Uavts loals mdse or Hono
lnlu: brig On ilet-. mdsp or Tahiti
The Br ship Eurasiii loads wheat" at Portland for
Eurooe, SOs: Tweedsdalf. same voyage, 31s 3d.
Spoken.
Oct 20-l.at 9 S. long 33 \v, ital bark Francesco
Liana pa, from Swaoseit. :o- San Francisro
Oot -.6-Lat 8, o-s »2 W. Hr ship Isle Of A. ran
from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
Oct '.;8-Lat 7 N. Ion.: - 8 W, Br bark Routen
becK. fro Liverpool (or Honolulu.
Per ship Britannia— Oct 19 in lat24, N*. ion* 128
W, Brship City oi Delhi from .Montevideo fur
Royal Road 8. ■ . . •
Per Br ship Auchenealrn— Nov 6— Lat 86 44 N
long 185 24 W. Br shin Bracadale, from New
castle, NSW, for Sau Francisco.
Nov 8-Lat 37 38 N. lon* 129 W, Br ship Crown
Of Germany, from Panama, lor San Francisco.
Domestic Port*.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Sot 10-Stmr Alcazar
GBEEN WOOD— Arrived Nov 10— Sim National
City, from Navarro.
mailed Nov 10— 4tmr National City, for San
Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 10 -Schr Dora
Blunm. hence Oct 29; Ger snip Seestern. from
Talrahuan.o.
ELKEKA- Arrived Nov 10— Stair Pomona, hca
Nov 9.
S^llPd Nov 10— Stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH- Passed Nov 9-8 mr Mackinaw, hce
Nov 6, for lacnma. Nov 10— Br stmr Wellington,
hence Nov 7, for Nanaimo;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov Schr Ly
man l> Foster, from Nhanghal; G<r ship Sees em,
from Talcahuano: bark Big Bonanza, from Shan;- '
hal: b^tn Amelia, from Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— i Nov it— *~hr La Glronde,
from Tacoma; schr Come:, from Port Gamble.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov lu— Ger ship Magda
lene, from HIO2O.
mailed Nov 10— Stmr Columbia, for Han Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Roy Somers, for
Hun Francisco. Nov 6— Baric Forest Queen, for
San Francisco.
Cleared Nov tS-Btmr Tvr, for Calcutta.
.Eastern Port*.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Nov 10— Bark Olym
pic, fur San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
IQUTQCE— In port Oct s— Br ship Algburth, im
Ta'-oma ;
YM AS— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Jennie Wand,
for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA- Arrived Nov B— Br stmr Tacoma
Iron, i'liiri-t sound.
ACAJUTLA— -ailed Oct 20— Schr Maggie C
Buss, for Puget Sound.
MAS— Arrived Nov 7— Schr X WBartlett
hence Oct .0.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 9— Br ship Cardigan
shire, Lence July 3, and sailed for Sundurland; Br
ship sen a Cadena. from Penarth, for ban Fr.»n
cisco wl h chief mate Injured.
UI ; KKXSTu\V.\- Arrived Nov 9— ltal ship
Cute in* Accsme, hence June 5 Br ship Waldeu
Abbt-y, hence June '£, and proceeded for Limerick.
Movement* of Trans- .* tlant c Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Trave, for
Bremen.
MOVILLE-Arrlved out Nov 10-Stmr Furne*
sia.*
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Nov 10— Stmr
Werra.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Nov 10— Stmr
.Berlin: st ur Havel.
LIZARD— i -ass-! Xov 30— "Stm.' Edam, from
New York, for Amsterdam.
PR VVLK POINT-Passed Nov 10-Stmr Maaa
dam, from New York, for Ror. teraam.
SAG REs- Passed Nov 10— stinr Werra, from
j New York, for Genoa.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, EL** HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Ufk by
AUSrRALIA. AUSTRALIA.
& S. Jl'iXjWAi sails Via xtUAOLUL-O* aaj
AUCKLAND for bYDNISY. Tnuraaay. Novem-
ber I L. at '_' p. m.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day. December 5. Ac 111 a.m. Special party ia..ri.
LInetoCOOLiiAKDIE, Aust., andCAPKTOW-i,
fcoulh Africa.
J. I>. SPRKCKKLS * BROS. CO.. Agenti.
114 Montgomery stress.
. Freight Office. 327 Market si.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAJBSUIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /fr?lB L -
wharf, San Francisco, as tollows: J&uw2c
For Mar- Island, Lorine, Wrangel, Jnneau, Kil-
I llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9a. m., Not. 0. 23.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tucoma, Everett, Anacor:es and
New W atcom (ReMin«ham Bay. Wash.), 9 a. m.
Nov. 5, 10. 15. 'JO, itS, SO, and every fifth day there-
i after, connect at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with it.
N. Ky. . it .Pert Townsend with Alaska a:- apj'-rs
! For I ureka, Aria a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßay), str. Pomona '£ p. k., Nov. 1, 5. 9, 13,
17. 21, 35. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For --junta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cavnco*.
Fort HarrorU (san 1 uls Obispo), cisviota, Santa
Barbara, VentnrA. Hnenc me, san Pedro, East Sai
. Pedro (Los Angeles* and Newport at 9 a. x.
I Nov. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo), .-*anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, 6. 8, 13. 17, 21. 85. -29, and ever? fourth
day thereafter. *
For Knsenada. San Joie del Cabo. Mazailan La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25t.a of each month,
-i he Company reserves rljrht to change steamers
or a** 111 us dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen'l \ireuts.
. 10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
THEO. R.&IM. CO.
DISPATCH FAaT STEAJa.JiRB TO
S 3 »OI : t l T l 3C J jf\.3Xr 3D
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F4T?Tri-f5 12Klrst - cI3BS \ Including
-^T.J-t-1-J 186 Second-class /berth A mea's
SCHEDULK OF SAILINGS:
State of California ..Nov. 9, 19, 23. Dec. 9
Columbia Nov. 14.24, Deo. 4, 14
Through tickets and through ba^gaje to all
Eastern points. Rates und folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. Oeno-al Agent,
630 Market street.
OOODALL, PERKINS <k CO., lSnperlDt*ndem^
I COMPAGME GESERAL TRAMSA TL
French Lin"? id Ham.
/COMPANY'S PIEU(NEW), 42 NORTH jc^t*
V* River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&£*&£
this line avoid both transit by English railway an*(
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Puru.
lirsi-cl» ss $10 -i : second-clajs, $ilti.
LA TODRAINE. .....Nov. 21, Noon
LAGASCOONK... ....Nov. 128, 5 a. m.
LA BRKTAONK. Dec. 6, Noon
LA CH ' Ml' «:n:e Dec. 18, 5 a.m.
LA T0URA1NK....... Dec. 19. 9 a.*
*aa j. v. .t.fllici; particulars apply to >
A. FORGET. Acrnnt,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yorfc
j. F. FTJGAZI & CO., AKeuti, 5 Montsaoiar/
avenue, San Francisco. -
MiTE_STAR LISE.
United States and ; Royal Mail Steamers
; BETWKBK
New York, Queenstown& Liverpool,
SAiJL.iI-.c. . tiVti^M WJfieJK.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- *«a
lag to steamer and accommodations aflnksK
I selected: second cabin, $:2 60 and *1 . 50: Maj ;<•
I and Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and Denmark
! through to San Francisco at lowest rates. llcketa,
I Bailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVKKY, Pacific Mail Dock, or ac m 3
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under urand Hotel. U. w. fletcuer.
• General Agent for Pacilic Coaau
STOCKTOFSTEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At ti I*. M, l>aily. lT«-luUi received ua
-to >::{«» P. Al. m
■ ggr Accommoaiitious Reserved by Teleptioas.
' - i :;•• only line mjiitinjj itirough rate* on Valley
Roadfr..gftu.. BTKAaUBRs .
T. C. ■ Walker, $,:P' p «t«i > «.
Mary Oarratt, . City or Stockton.
ltiepnuue ->la.v 803. Cat. Nttv. and iumt. cm
YILLEJO ASD U. S. YARD.
SrJKAAIEK "MOSTICELLO,"
Dally at...... *10:30 a. it, 4 and 9:30 p. it" »
t-a;urdayg..... *10:30 a. v., 4 p. v. |
bun Jays : — :...:... :.....8 r. it il
Landing Mlsslon-stree- Do-k. Pier 2. ft
■ Telephone Hack 281.
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard.'
for JOaK, LOS (ja ros &^mta CRIZ
QTKAMER ALVISO LKAVR- PIKK 1 DAfI.T
ailOA K. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
6p. it. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, - fare between San Francisco and Alvi.io,
50c; to San Jose. 75c '; Clay : st., Pier L 'M W. ■
banta Clara su. son Jcsa. .DR. McLEAN TO
MISS OVERMAN
Recent Letters That Did
Not Produce the De
sired Effect.
Dr. Brcwn's Nemesis Will Not
•Swear to Her Confession
Before a Notary.
MRS. TUNNEL! SUSTAINS IT.
The Committee of Three Wili Force
. the Dubuqu< Association to
Discard Brown.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 10. )
A rer7 interesting correspondence be
tween Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., and
Miss Mattie Overman has just closed and
will play an important part in the future
of Rev. C. O. Brown, now of the Dubuque
conference. It will depend solely on Dr.
Brown whether or not the committee ap
' pointed a week ago make public the con-
Session of Miss Overman mailed by her to
Dr. McLean three months ago.
The Bay Conference decided that it was
absolutely necessary that the confession
' of Miss Overman should be sworn to be
fore a notary. S. W. Condon, an attor
ney, and who is president of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union, was
engaged to prepare an affidavit embody
ing the points in Miss Overman's written
confession. The document when pre
. p.ared was sent to Miss Overman by Dr.
. McLean, with a request that she take it
. • belore a notary and swear to it.
..• Dr. McLean received a reply in which
Miss Overman refused to swear to it. It
. was very evident that she did not intend
• to willfully commit perjury. She replied
that she would not swear to her con
fession and referred to the fact that she
had once taken an oath and had imme
diately afterward told a multitude of false
hoods. She concluded by saying that she
did not intend to take any more oaths.
• In this letter she told Dr. McLean that
• she had only done her duty and had writ
ten nothing but the truth. She had for
given Dr. Brown and did not cherish any
grudgp against him and lad no desire to
enter into any spile work against the best
interests of Dr. Brown. She concluded
by ssying that the matter wa3 row in the
hands of the Lord and that he was at
tending to Dr. Brown and would not let
him remain in any pulpit or do anything
that would hurt the cause of Christ on
earth.
"I wrote hacK," said Dr. McLean to-day,
"t&lling Mies Overman that it was all very
well to say that the matter was in the
hands of the Lord, but that we also in
tended to take a hand in the matter.
Brown is back in the field at present and
■ is telling falsehoods by wholesale, and tht
Buy Association will be held respon>ille
if he doca in another chnrch as he did in
•- San Francisco. I lold her that it was
necessary for us to have sworn statements
only for use in case we needed them in
the future."
. This letter of Dr. McLean was un
answered for two weeks, and then the
affidavit came back. It was not sworn to
before r notary, but was 6igned by Miss
Overman, who reiterated her statement
that it was true. Accompanying it was a
short note, in which Mis-s Overman prac
tically said that she would not take any
more trouble to please the ministers.
Attorney Condon then procured an affi
davit ;rom Mrs. Tunnell supporting the
statements of Mattie Overman. These
documents are now held by the committee
appointed a couple of weeks ago, and will
probably remain secret.
." '"Il I had my way," said Dr. McLean
to-night, "I would eliminate one para
graph in Miss Overman's statement and
would give the whole thing out for publi
cation. My reason for leaving out that
one paragraph is that it contains a refer
ence to an innocent party and would worK
a hardship on one who had no part in the
scandal. I am guided, however, by the
will of the majority, and the affidavits
just obtained will be held against iirown
lor all time.
"The Dubuque conference, which re
cently took Brown in fellowship, did not
fully understand the situation, and I have
every confidence that it wili rescind its
former action. The vote to admit Brown
was only 22 to 17, and a majority of the
majority were votes of the church that
wanted him ana of the church where his
son is pastor.
"Dr. Brown is now deliberately lying In
the East, but it will not be for long. I
Samuel Spackman, Who "Wandered About for Two Months and
Can Recall Nothing.
am more convinced to-day than ever of
the justness of the manner in which he
was treated and our duty in the matter is
very plain. The committee thai now has
the matter in hand is working hard and
will push the matter vigorously. They
will not lay their affidavits before the
Dubuque conference unless the conference
refuses to accede to the request and acqui
esce in the judgment of the Bay Associa
tion. If not, tnen we snail be forced to
send those affidavits East and use them as
evidence. Brown ia now without stand
ing in the Christian ministry and must be
kept out of the pulpit. If it should be
come necessary to make these things pub
lic I would Ike to see them telegraphed
all over the country. We do not wish to
do anything; except what is necessary to
preserve the dipnity and sanctity of the
roinistrj 7 , but I cannot tell what the com
mittee may yet be compelled to do."
Miss Overman's refusal to swear to tes
timony which is so widely different from
what she swore to at the trial is regarded
as a very shrewd action on her part. To
have sworn twice would, it is stated, ren
der her amenable to the courts.
It is understood that Mrs Davidson, one
of the principals in the celebrated scandal,
has left San Francisco.
WAS FOUND IN THE HILLS
Samuel Spackmaa Evidently
Demented When Ke Left
His Home.
For Nearly Two Months He Has Been
Wandering About With His
Mind a 8 ank.
Oakland Offick San Fraitciwo Call,)
908 Broadway. Nov. 10. j
Samuel Spackruan, the West Oakland
carpenter who wandered away irom home
a coupie of weeKs ago and whose where
abouts Las ever since been a mystery, is
acain at home, having been brought in
from Berkeley late last night by Marshal
Lloyd and placed In the County Jail on a
charge of insanity. He was found wan
dcrinK about the university grounds sadly
demented, aLd his emaciated condition
indicated that he must have suffered se
verely from deprivation, starvation and
exposure.
When found he was clothed only in old
ragged overalls and in an old blanket.
He had no shoes, hat. or coat, and was
weak and shivering irom the cold and
could tell nothing about himself, but
seemed to be wandering in his mind. Tlie
Marshal took him home and gave him a
meal, which he devoured ravenously. He
a .mitteil that his name wa? Spademan,
but could not tell where he had been. At
the jail ne was identified by several who
knew him beiore his wife and child were
brought in.
While at work at the racetrack for the
California Jockey Club a board fell and
struck him on the head. He never eeeniea
to be just right after this, and when he
disappeared ii was supposed he had killed
himself.
Rclinnee vs. Olympic.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— The Olym
pic and Reliance will phiy their annual
match game of football :»t Central Park on
Saturday, November 14, at 3 p. m.
The Reliance team has b»en working
hard since their defeat by Berkeley, and
feel that they will go into the panic against
the Olympics in the pink of condition.
Tuey weiit to Stanford to-day to practice
against the Stanlord boys to-day and to
morrow.
The line-up of the Reliance will prob
ably bs: Burnett, center; Oliver and
Wells, gnards; Sexton and Newcomb,
tackles; Racine and Lacunha, ends; J.
Arlett, quarterback; Walton and Carter,
alf backs; A. Arlett, full baefc. Middle
mas, Nahl. Dosch and Nelson will be on
tue lines.
Emeryville Electioit?"
OAKLAND. Cal.. Nov. 10.— The election
proclamation for the Emeryville incorpor
ation election has been issued by the Su
pervisors, ia which the polling-places and
officers are fixed as follows:
Hay Precinct — Polling-place, real estate
office, San Pablo avenue, near Park. Inspec
tors, H. A. Randlett and D. H. Thompson;
judges, Peter Thiescn and J. B. Baxter; cierks
T. H. Murray and Fred H. Tass,; ballot clerks,
W. Andrus and C. H. Aiuins.
Golden Gste Precinct— Polling-place, Sherry
Hotel, Daiton avenue and Northern Railway.
Inspectors, J. F. Boh*er and James Suter;
judges, J. F. O'Connor and B. W. Alden; clerks,
J. J. Brennan and If. E. Lawreuce; ballot
clerks, G. S. Henry and J. O. N'ledt.
Temescal Precinct I— Polling-place, barber
shop, Thirty-slxtli street and San Pablo avenue.
Inspectors, E. J. Be:rose Jr. aud Micha .l Casey;
Judges, H. Remillard and Tncmas J. B-jniiixeu;
ccrks, Thomas Dreenan and Bernard Moran ;
ballot clerks, E. J. Belrose Sr. and J. P. Rogers.
Spring Valley Water.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— The dam
aae suit of the Spring Valley Water
Works against J. L. B ard, wno owns
abutting property on Aiameda Creek, near
Ni.es. which ha* b a en on trial for a vreek
paqt before Judce Ellsworth, was resumed
this morning with the County Horticul
tural Commissioner on the stand.
Other witnesses examined were M. W.
Dlxon and D. Henyn.
At the Blacdonongh.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— Julia Mar
lowe Taber appeared at the Macdonouph
Theater this eveninc; before a large audi
ence and gave a magnificent production
of "Twelfth Night." To-morrow nieht,
,for her final performance, "As You Like
It" will be the bill.
La Loie Fuller another company of
European vaudevilles cive an entertain
ment on Saturday night at the Macdon
ough Theater.
THE SAX FRAX CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 31. 1896.
THROWN FROM A
FRIGHTENED HORSE
Dr. F. H. Payne of the
State University Seri
ously Hurt.
His Head Struck a Stone and
His Skull May Be
Fractured.
PHYSICIANS VERY ANXIOUS
The Animal Fe 1 Also, and
Nearly Crushed Its
Rider.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 10.— Dr. F. H.
Payne, examining surgeon to the depart
ments of physical culture and military
science at the State University, and one of
the best-known physicians on this side of
the bay, was thrown from a horsa at
about 1 o'clock this afternoon, and re
ceived such injuries that grave doubts are
expressed as to his recovery. He was
picked up in an unconscious condition
DR. F. H. PAYNE.
and up till a late hour to-night he had not
regained his normal state. The most dan
gerous of all the wounds he sustained is a
deep cut on the forehead, about two inches
in length. His face was also lacerated in
a frightful manner.
On account of his comatose condition it
has been impossible to make a complete
and thorough examination as to all his
wounds, and fears are expressed by the
surgeons in attendance that his skull is
fractured and that he has been injured
internally along the region of the spine.
At about 1 o'clock the doctor left North
Hall at the university, on horseback, and
as he started out hii horse gave a lunge
and broke the martingale. The animal
became unmanageable and ran down the
hill, through the south entrance to the
grounds, down Allston way. and wa-i
ahout to turn up Oxford street, when he
slipped and fell over the stone sidewalk,
carrying the doctor with him. In lailing
Dr. Payne is supposed tn have struck on a
huge bowlder lying near, at the same time
receiving the whole weight of the horse
upon him.
The patient is regarded as in a critical
condition.
Mrs. Towmend'i Case.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 10.— The Board
of Town Trustees has begun another effort
j to settle the long-fought Townsend case.
I Last night at the board meeting President
Richards, Professor William Carey Jones
and Town Attorney Hayne were appointed
a committee to investigate Mrs. Town
send's claims, with power to act. It is
thought that the result of their labors will
be the bringing of a suit to quiet title.
Bet TheJr Hair.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 10.— The ex
traordinary sight of one college student
performing the office of a tonsorial artist
on a fellow-collegian, within the public
gaze, too* place- this afternoon at the uni
versity. Charles Jones '99 and J. A. Mc-
Gee of the same class bet on the election
the penalty o! the loaer being that he
should be shorn in whatsoever style the
other chose, within sight of the whole
university. Jones wagered his hair on
Bryan and McGee put up his capillary
substance on McKiniey. Of course McGee
won the bet. At the appointed time he
appeared with bis scissors and a small red
comb, the latter to match the hair ol
Jones. Btudents by the score gathered
round to see the fun. It was not long be
fore Jones had nothing left but a narrow
strip of his precious red hair running from
bis forehead to the back of his neck. The
rest of his capillary growth was clipped
almost as closely as if it had been shaved.
Christian Kndeavor Rally.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 10. — The
Berkeley Christian Endeavor Union has
just completed arrangements for a grand
union rally of Endeavorers to bo held
Sunday, Isovember 15.
The individual societies will hold their
regular weejely meetings at 8 o'clock on
that day, at which time the pledge will be
dipcussod, and one or more representatives
of the Alameda County C< E. Union will
be present in each society and will tako
charge of the meeting.
At 6 o'clock all the societies of Berkeley
Will m«et together at Trinity M. E. Church,
corner of Allston way ana Fulton street,
for b union meeting. The subject will be,
"Does It Pay to Be a Christian? " and it is
confidently expected that this will be the
most enthusiastic and interesting meeting
ever held xn Berkeley "for Christ and the
church." Bpecial music has been ar
ranged for, and all are invited to be pres
ent, young and old, to assist in the ser
vices by.tneir presence and co-operation
and share the abundant blessing which
will follow.
OAKLAND HARBOR.
Two Town* Talk of Work Done and
-Money Expended.
ALAMEDA, Cal,, Nov. 10.— The recom
mendations of the joint Alameda and Oak
land committee on harbor improvements
were ratified to-night at a mass-meeting
in the City Hall. The only change made
was that in the completion of the harbor
we3t of Webster-street bridge the total
sura of expenditure should not exceed
$300,000.
11 the present money available is not
sufficient to complete the entire work the
two cities urge the appropriation of a suf
ficient fund to do the work. The meeting
was attended by only thirty-five citizens
of !he whole territory interested. Dr. Mc-
Lean read a lengthy statement of the
work done and the cause of the commit
tee's withdrawal from their agreement.
He occupied twenty-five minutes, aftar
which M. J. Keller of Oakland spoke
for ten.
He answered all of the arguments pre
sented and corrected some false statements
made. The Alameda citizens then got
into a wrangle among themselves as to
what they did want. Green Majors, A.
W. Pattianiandl. N. Chapman urged that
Oaklard be allowed to have work done if
Alameda cot nothing at present. After a
two hours' talk the action o! the commit
tee was indorsed with the amendment
noted. City Engineer Poyzer stated that
he was perfectly satisfied with thu- agree
ment as first formulated.
A Social and Whist Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 10.— Ona of the
most interesting and appropriately named
organizations of this city is the "Potlach
Whist Club." It has only been in exist
ence a snort time, but already it has
proved itself a most delightful society.
The members are: Mr. and Mrs. P. A.
Rose, Mr. ana Mrs A. G. Bell. Mr. an<l
Mrs. C. V. Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Levinson. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Van Buren
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Rogers. Mrs. Rose is
president and Mrs. Lucie Gray, an hon
orary member, fills the office of secretary.
One of the rules of the club is that tie
hostess shall not prepare anything for the
members, but that they snail all brine
their contributions for the evening refresh
ment».
Citrpent«r-MarshKll I>ib«l.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 10.— The Car
penter-Marshall libal suit appeared on Jus
tice Swasey's docket to-day. Mr. Mar
shall was arraigned and pleaded not
guilty through his lawyer, J. E. Barber.
The reading of the complaint was waived
and the hearing set for Tuesday morning
next at 10 o'clock. Mr. Marshall expressed
a desire to have the case set for an early
daet. He declared that he had not pub
lished anything that could be held to be
libelous.
That Brigade Benefit.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 10— The ladies
in chi»ree of the "'Fair of Nations" are
creatly disturbed over the reported sus
pension of their work by a morning paper.
Tli^y deny emphatically that they intend
to give up the entertainment, butar« hard
at work endeavoring to ma&e the affair a
success.
REFUSED THE BALLOT.
I — - '
The Rev. E. S. Cnapman Declares
It Is Right's Fight With
Might.
Learned and Intelligent Women Dis
franchised by Ignorant, Low
and Vicious M?n.
Oakland Office Sas Fbancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Nov. 10. f
The question of suffrage for women is
attracting more attention now than it did
before election. The Rev. E. S. Chapman,
D.D-. pastor of the Market-street Congre
gational Church, has the following to say
on the subject:
The men of our State have voted that the
women of the State shall not be permitted to
i vote. In the exercise of this most exalted and
I sacred ris-tit of an American citizen, the men
I have deliberately and purposely declared that
j Ihn women should not exercise that right to
■ int'n. Htifl they have had no voice in granting
| this right to men, and they have hnd no voice
in deciding whether they should themselves
be in vested with the right of suffrage. The
I men have themselves decided that they will
I vote nnd that this women shall nor. No one
| granted them this privilege, no one was asked
to grant It. tuey simply seized upon it, and by
mere brute force they prevent the women from
securing and exercibing tbig priceless preroga
tive.
The most Ignorant men have voted to dis
franchisa the most learned and intelligent
worn n; indolent nnd worthless men have
voted lo disfranchise women who are among
our largest taxpayers; lr>w, vicious men nave
voted to deny suffrage to our most exalted and
noblewomen. It is a shame that such things
are possible; it is a greater shame that they
are realities. Many noble men from worthy
motives cast their votes against this enfran
chisement of women, otherwise tne sixth
amendment would have been adopted.
The Interests of home aud family are In a
peculiar sense involved in thin struggle for
equal suffrage. We may fittingly adopt the
words o! Nehemsh, "Fight for your sons and
your daughters, your wives nnd your houses."
The Lord has provided that In the coarse of
nature there shall be two mature mlndi be
side every little babe. The cradle is guarded
on either side by n full-grown person, that the
precious life anil priceless Interests it contains
may he secure against the assaults of evil.
Let us continue this struggle with increased
earnestness and vigor. To cease our efforts
now would be to lose nil that we have gained
by the toiis and sacrifices of the past. We
have made great, progress, fully as much as
could ba reasonably expected. Many have
risen up to help us, and they will remain true
to the cause ihey havo espoused, while new
recruits will bo added lo our hosts as the
months go by. The solid ranks of vice and
crime are massed against ns, and their manl
iest hostility will cause the frlenas of good
and pure government to see the rignteousuess
of our cause and to aid us to achieve the
glorious victory which under God will surely
and speedily come.
Will Banquet Irish.
, OAKLAND, Cal.. Nor. 10.— A compli
mentary banquet will be tendered by the
Oakland Business Men's Sound Money
L*apue on Wednesday evening at the
Masonic Temple to John P. Irish in recog
nition of his services to the sound money
cause in the East during the recent politi
cal campaign. There will be an exchange
of views regarding the future work of the
league and other organizations intended
to promote the same cause. The banquet
is to be entirely in formal, and will be given
at 6:30 o'clock.
Chinese Evicted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— The occu
pants of a Chinese lodging-house on
Ninth street, near franklin, were evicted
by the Sheriff this evening. The affair
created much excitement as many of the
Chinese did not understand the nature of
the circumstance. The proprietor who
leased the house is considerably in ar
rears in his rent, but the many occupants
have all paid in advance and to them the
eviction was a hardship. The proprietor
was not on hand and the deputy Sheriff
could not make the lodeers understand
why their chattels were put on the side
walk. Many of them were poor laborers.
This is the first Chinese eviction in this
city as they are generally regarded as
good tenants.
Stood off the Officer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— Two young
men, giving the names James Carlin and
William Hawley, are in the County Jail
on a charge of ourglary. They came in
on the overland, which was late, last even
ing and were industriously at work taking
overcoats and grips belonging to fellow
passengers. Deputy Bhenff Adam Kell
ner was notihed on the arrival of the train
at the mole and attempted to arrest them,
but one presented a big revolver at his
head with orders to release the other and
tnen both made for the boat. Kellner fol
lowed and with the assistance of the boat
crew placed both under arrest and kept
them at the Harbor Police Station until
this morning, when they were brought
over to,this side.
Taxpayers' Rash.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— Mayor Da
vin has called a special meeting of the City
Council for to-morrow (Wednesday) even
ing to consider the tax-levy ordinance. It
is understood he has a veto message all
prepared, but it is expected that the Coun
cil will pass it over his veto. If this is
done the city Tax Collector will open his,
office Thursday morning at 8:30 for the re
ceipt of taxes and keep it open to 5 each
day and from 7 to 9 each evening for the
accommodation of the public. This will
allow just fifteen business days for thu
collection o: of $20,000 the first installment
of taxes. Taxes become delinquent No
vember 31.
Burglars at Work.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— This morn
ing when Sol Kahn, the well-known mer
chant, awoke he discovered that a burglar
had been in the Louse during the night.
An entrance had been effected through an
unlocked window and the dining-rcom
ransacked and a quantity of plate valued
at $50 taken. Ths marauder must have
gone to the loom on ths second floor,
occupied by the nurse and children, as
candle grease was found on the dressing
case. This is the third effort to burglarize
the place, the others having been failures.
Ready for Work.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 10.— The Rev. E.
S. Chapman, D.D., president of the Asso
ciated Charities, has appointed the follow
ing committees for the ensuing year:
Executive— Mrs. C. H. Redington, D. C.
Brown, Rev. H. M. McKnignt.
Finance and auditing— A. J. Ralston, James
A Johnson, M. J. Keller.
Co-operation— Rev. H. M. McKnight, Mrs. D.
S. Hlrshberg, Mrs. 8. C. Borland.
Employment— M. J. Keller, James A. John
son, Mrs. C. H. Redington, James P. Taylor, R.
Wiand.
Editor of monthly paper— Mrs. S. C. Borland.
Five Thousand Tons of Hay Gone.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10.— The An
spacner warehouse at Livermore was de
stroyed by fire to-nigh c. The flames were
discovered by a watchman, but before
anything could be done the fire had com
plete control. Five thousand tons of hay
were in the warehouse and it is all de
stroyed. The total damage will probably
be $'0,000, mo3t of which is covered by in
surance.
AVERAGES FIVE THOUSAND
Result of the Official Canvass of
Alameda County's Recent
Vote.
E ector McEialay Runs Ahead ol
Thomas Flint Over Two Hundred
in Thirteen Thousanl.
Oakland Office San Feancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Not. 10. j
The official canvass of the votes cast at
last Tuesday's election in Alameda County
have all been canvassed by the Board of
Supervisors, and the clerks are busy mak
ing the footings, preparatory to the morn
ing session, when the result will be de
clared in a resolution drawn for that pur
pose by the District Attorney. The results
will not vary materially from those an
nounced by The Call on Wednesday
morning after election. The vote on
electors is as follows:
BEPCBLICAW.
Irving M. Scott 18,381
Duncan K. McKlnlay 13,421
George M. Francis 13,336
Julius M. Wnlling 18,34»
Howeil A. Powell 13 334
Joseph S. Spear Jr........'. 13.353
Claus Spreckels ; 13,856
Klwood Cooper... ..■ ............. . 13,831
Thomiti Flint , 13,213
1-U3IOXIBT3.
J.W.Martin ." 8,384
Jo Hamilton.... 8.333
S J. A Hard 8 3.'!1
C. W. Thresher.. 8.391
William Craig..... .- 8,3^9
D. T. F0w1er..... 8 330
M. K. Merritt 8,331
J. V. Webster. 8,349
Daniel McKay.......... 8,303
Duncan E. McKinlay stands at the head
of the Republican electors with 13,421
votes and C. W. Thresher at the head of
the fusion electors with 8391 votes, leaving
a majority of 5030. The Republican elec
tor with the lowest vote is Thomas Flint
with 13.213, while Daniel McKay of the
fusion electors is lowest with 8306 votes,
making a majority of 4807. The average
vote of the Republican electors is 13,336
and of the iusionists 8336, a majority of
just 5000.
The full rote on city justices is not ma
terially changed, the canvass showing the
following vote:
J. J. Allen (R.) 5477
X V. Wood (I.) „ 4489
J. E. WcEiroy (P., D.) 3249
J. W. Stelaon (ft.) 3418
W. F. Aram (P., JJ.) 16X0
W. Heaiou (L) 400
BAER'S COMING.
It Is to Be Made the Occasion of a Big
Christian Endeavor Rally
in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 10 —The visit of
John Willis Baer, general secretary of the
United Society of Christian Endeavor, to
this city on Monday next will be the occa
sion of a great rally at the First Congre
gational Church. The Rev. Charles R.
Brown, the new pastor, was one of the
most active workers at the International
Convention held in Boston in 1895, and he
will introduce the visitor after giving the
audience an outline of what these great
conventions are lire.
The arrangements of the reception of
Mr. Baer and the meeting are in the hands
of a committee from the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union consisting of
D. R. Waters, E. S. Finch Miss Grace
Wythe, S. W. Condon and H. J. Waters.
The latter two will go to Port Costa, where
they will meet Mr. Baer and accompany
him to Oakland. There will be a recep
tion committee at the Sixteenth-street sta
tion on the arrival of the train Monday
evening consisting of the officers of the
county and city unions as follows:
Alameda County— B. W. Condon, president;
G. P. Lowell, vice-president; F. P. Hull, treas
urer; Miss Mary E. Ketchum, corresponding
secretary; Miss M. Lulu Bo wen, recording sec
retary.
Aiaineda City— Mrs. J. A. Cameron, presi
dent; Ira Sanford, vice-president; Miss Bessie
Hierlihy, corresponding secretary; Charles
Greeley*. recording secretary; J. O. Falkinham,
treasurer.
Oakland City— H. J. Waters, president; E. T.
Leitcr, vice-president; Miss Alice B. Wythe,
corresponding secretary : Miss Helen French,
recording secretary; Gilbert Robinson, treas
urer.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if tt fails to cure. 25c*
Auction Sales
COOK & CO.
.123 Kenrnj Street.
GORGEOUS CHIN A WARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite . Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
-A.T AUCTION.
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Daily at 2 o'clock p. it- -
. I*. J. BARTH. Auctioneer.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
THIS DAY. !
Wednesday..... November 11, 1896,
.--..- At 11 o'clock a. v.. on the premise.
161 NINTH STREET, NEAR HOWARD,
WE WILLBKLL
25 Oak Chairs, 10 Tables, i.inol-um. Counter,
C!ock. Mirror. Cutlery, Orocicerv, Glassware, He-
frieerator, 1 Stationary Range, elcJJto be sold as
a whole or in piecemeal.
CHAS. LiBVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
AT SHERIFFS WAREHOUSE,
TO-MORROW.
Thursday........!. November 12, 1898.
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
211 Iji^LZlLDSlX^r ST.,
By order of James MacMlllan, I will sell
17 i.ots Storage to pay advance charges.' These
lots include a choice lot of Furniture, Carpets, etc.
A chance to get Furniture at your own price. - -
. Li. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
THE BIG MINES
OF RICH AMADOR
Great Activity and Many
Miners Employed on
the North Side.
Nearly 375 Stamps Are New
Running and the Number
Will Soon Be Doubled.
D. Gutmann of this City, who is en
gaged in mining In Amador County, has
returned here after a visit to various prop
erties there. He said yesterday:
'•There is great activity in mining in
Amaaor County. The following mills are
now running: Pioneei, Plymouth, 20
stamps; Bay State, Plymouth, 10 stamps;
Keystone, Amador, 40 stamps; South
Spring Hill, Amador, 40 stamps; Gover,
Dry town, 20 stamps; Wildman-Mahoney,
Suttur, 70 stamps; South Eureta, Jack
son, 20 stamps; Kennedy, Jackson, 10
stamps; Zeila, Jactson, 40 stamps; Union
Consolidated Gold Mining Company,
Wieland, 30 stamps; Reward mine, Pine
Grove, 10 stamps; Gracy (Bryant mill), 10
stamps; Macy, Pioneer, 6 stamps; James,
Pioneer, 5 stamps; Treadwell, Sutt«r
Creek, 6 stamps; Wheeler, Plymouth, 5
stamps; Tripp, 10 stamps; Ferrall mine,
10 stamps, making a total of 372 stamps.
"A great deal of prospecting is now be
ing done in the east vein of the mother
lode, on which the Zeila is located. The
Zei.a is one of the oldest in the lode and
could if the same had a good shaft keep
120 stamps running. At present this mine
is being shut down again on account of re
pairs to the shaft, which was sunk in the
ledge and nearly impossible to keep in re
pair. The management has secured a
strip of land east of its shaft and will be
fore long sink a perpendicular shaft to a
depth of 1200 feet — when this mine will
rank :is one of the large gold producers of
the county. It is safe to say that fully
1,000,000 tons of rock have been mined in
this mine the last eighteen years and that
the Zeiio, always considered" a low-grade
propo-ition, has produced fully $5,000,000
in that period, and there is hardly any
doubt that with a good shaft 100,000 tons
of rock can be mined annually for the
fifty years to come, as the ledge averages
thirty feet and the ore chute ia over SUO
feet in length.
"The Bellwether mine, about one mile
north of the Zeila, is being opened up by
a Chicago company. Their new three
compartment is now down 280 feet,
and it is only a matter of time when this
mine will be as big as the Zeila.
'•The Jackson Gate adjoins the Bell
wether. There some of the largest crop
pings in the State mark the lode. Their
sUait is down 350 feet, and at their 300
level, where driits are now being run, the
| ledge is over 10U feet wide; the rock is low
grade, but still will pay to mill. All that
is needed there is lots of stamps.
The owners are so well satisfied that they
are now commencing the sinking of a
three-compartment working shaft, which
they intend to sink to a depth of 600 feet
belore crosscut ting.
"The managers of both the Bellwether
and Jackson Gate mines have profited by
I the experience of the Zeila, and they are
sinking their shafts in the country rock
about 50 feet from the vein.
"At the Argonaut mine stations have
been cut on tiie 1150, 1250 and 1350 levels,
and in the 1250 level, going south, there is
12 feet of rock which will mill better than
$50 per ton. Grading for a mill south of
the hoisting works is now being done. The
company has not decided as yet if they
will put up a 40 or a 60 stamp mill. In
the Allen Maximilian property at Sutter
Creek a contract has been let for a 40
-stamp mill costing $31,000, which is to be
nnisued within ninety days.
"The Alma Gold Mining Company is
much encouraged, and has good reasons
for being so, after their diamond drill
went through a ledge 34 feet thick, 890 feet
in their shaft, the core from the drilling
averaging $10 45 3-7. The Alma is situ
ated within the town limits of Jackson,
and is a continuation of the Kennedy and
Argonaut, only one claim being between
the Alma and the Argonaut. The com
pany owns 140 acres of land and has
nearly one-half mile on the lode line. The
shaft has now reached a depth of 910 feet,
has three compartments, and is one of the
best in the county; the shaft is 850 feet in
solid greenstone; for 400 feet the shaft is
perpendicular, and was then turned to an
incline of 63 degrees, this being about tae
dip of the vein.
"The company will sink to 1050 feet and
then commence cutting out stations on the
1000, 900 and 800 levels, and drift on the
vein for four months on each level, when
the mine will be opened up sufficiently to
erect a 40-stamp mill in the early spring.
The machinery at the Alma consists of a
double hoist with a pair of 14x16 ermines,
a three-drill air compressor and all neces
sary appliances. All work done at the
mine has been done with a view to perma
nency, and from present indications it
promises wbea second Kennedy. Nearly
all of the stock of the company is owned
in San Francisco. There has been over
$90,000 invented in opening up this mine,
and by the time the mine is opened up and
a mill erected $140,000 shall have been ex
pended.
"The Anita mine is running a crosscut
from the 500 level to strike the ledge,
wnich is expected to be encountered
within the next 20 feet.
"The Oneida mine is operated by the
London Exploration Company, of which
the preht Rothschilds are at the head.
Ross E. Brown, the eminent mining en
gineer, is in charge ol the work, and no
expense is bein? spared in opening up
this property. Some idea of the inten
SPEED AM STAYING QUALITIES.
*V-^ THESE ARE THE •%_
iH& ESSENTIALS OF , yfi^ ,
RACEHORSES OF
0 HIGH CLASS.
If You Want Something Gilt-edged
Attend the '
Sale of Thoronghbrei Yearlings
- — FROM- —
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
—SET FOB
THURSDAY, NOV. 12, 189.6,
AT
EILLIP & CO.'S SALESYARD,
Market St. and Van Ness Aye.
Under Canvas by Electric Light.
Youngsters by the Peerless FLAM-
BEAU, the Record-breaker Racine,
the Very Successful FLOOD and Imp,
CYRUS, Hair-Brother to Imp. Brutus.
From Many of the Most Famous Brood
Mares in America.
At this sale Brothers and Half-brotners to Turf
Celebrities, Sisters and Half-sisters to Great Stake
Winners will be disposed of.
JJ3" Catalogues can be had upon application to
KH.LIP ft CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St.
tions and expectations of this company
may be learned by the way they are oper
ating. A 500-horsepower direct action
steam hoist is now being put up at the
mine. The cylinders are 20x60 inches and
the hoist has all modern appliances and
attachments. An 80-foot (tallow frame
has also been erected. They are sinking
a perpendicular three-compartment shaft
800 feet west of the ledge. This shaft has
now reached a depth of 525 feet, and will
intersect the ledge at between 1700 and
1800 feet, when work on the mine will be
commenced. The Oneida mine is one of
the old locations of the mother lode and
had been worked to a depth of 1150 feet,
kept aGO-stamp mill going for years, and
produced $8,000,000 to $4,000,000. The
mine is located between the Kennedy and
the South Eureka.
"At the South Eureka the mill has been
shut down temporarily, the rock in the
upper levels not being high grade enough
to pay. A crosscut is now being run from
the shaft at the 1100 level to strike the
ledge, which will take about ten weeks.
After that time the mill will start up
again in rock, which will mill better than
$10 per ton.
"The Wildman-Mahoney mine is run
ning seventy stamps on an average simi
lar 10 the Zeila and is crushing between
7000 and 8000 tons monthly at a cost of
not more than $2 25 per ton for millinjr
and mining. This shows what can be
done in the motner lode under good man
agement. The Wildman has only one
compartment for hoisting. Their shaft is
down 1200 feet and not one of the best. If
they had a shaft like the Oneida, Argo
nout or Alma mining and milling then
would not coat more than $2 a ton.
"The Keystone is running forty stamps
on better rock than the last eighteen
months. The South Spring Hill Consoli
dated is again, with its forty-stamp mill,
on a dividend-paying basis. The Poca
hontas and Loyai lead on being opened
np by an Eastern company. The Central
Eunka has cleaned out the old shaft to
the bottom, 700 feet, and will commence
sinking: to 1000 feet. The Mechanics mine
near Sutter Creek has erected hoisting
works and is now taking out the water
from the old shaft prior to going deeper.
"At the Bay State; on the 600 level,
a very good ledge has been opened up.
The Union Consolidated Gold Mining
Company is starting up its 80-atamp
mill in good rock. They have reached
the 400 level and are now cutting out
a station in sinking a winze from the 800
to the 400 level. Rock has been encoun
tered which will mill from $30 to $40 a
ton. There are immense fissures in this
mine raneing from ten to fifty feet.
Some of the rock is low grade, but by
mixing with the good rock sixty stamp's
can be kept running in $6 rock. The
Union Consolidated Gold Mining Com
pany's possessions are in extent equal to
the Jackson district. This part of the
county is now looked to with great in
terest. In the Pioneer district five or six
mines are being run on a small scale.
The rook there is rich, but still Pioneer is
the district for the poor men and pros
pectors. The Reward mine, near Pine
Grove, is running its 3-stamp mill in $8,
and they have graded out for ten more
stamps. At Volcano the Tunnel claim
cleaned tip $42,000, and Chinamen and
other small claims from $35,000 to $50,000
more."
LATEST SUlfl'lAu IM-JilJaiiWUii,
Arrived.
TUESDAY. November 10.
Br ship Crown of England, Williamson. in
days from Antwerp; m se, to W X Grace tfc Co. j
Brshlp Largo Law. Furneaux. 63 days from
Sydney; 2444 tons coal, to Forbes Bros.
Baric .Mohican, baunders. lOVs days from Hono
lulu; 4 937 bags sugar and lUO bags coffee, to
Williams, Dlmond & Co: 2820 bags sugar, to
Welch St. Co.
Schr Aloha. Dabel, 17 days from Honolulu;
1106 bags sugar and ISO bags coffee, to Williams,
Dlmond & Co; 8 bags coffee, to T C uranL
!SHllet.
TUESDAY. November 10.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Orays Harbor.
NEW TO-PAT.
rr^i I c PHTTcn
pi J.rilUiltn
\%t EXTRA
H Old
ftwa... UIU
li Bourbon
lImIIb f am^y and
IT "j medicinal
I«*w**tJ whiskey
H j^BMnu-^r I for
M^^jM ..quarter-,
century.
mSm i MARTIN
I ■ > 7,^^« ***+*£*£. E &co.,
g^^g 411 Market St.,
fcg w^ M^ MMMMW>M^jj San Francisco.
. -."-. ■ .-.:• ■■■■■. . • .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JU**ja^-'"»KKAK.>YJ*T. Established
HP]f^™|'" 1854 for the treatment of Private
BLL^^^n DlseHoes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
<£%b 9H^B disease wearing on body and mindand
mB ""-■ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
iMB Others fail: Try him. Charges low.
Care»crtiar»nt«»«»d. Callorwrita.
&>r. J. k. bIBBOH. Box 1937. 5»a Fr&aciao*
1112
LITTLE CRIPPLE'S
PECULIAR RACE
It Got Owner Humphrey
and Jockey Ccchran
in Trouble.
Receding in the Betting, the
Gelding Made a Very Poor
Showing.
ftUANTRELI, AT 60 TO 1, WON.
Ostler Joe Gal'op?i In a Winner-Red
dington a Grtat Mud ark— Char»
treus- II Disgraced.
Little Cripple, the brown gelding owned
by Bookmaker John Humpurey, broke
one of his crutches in the mile and a six
teenth race run at Intrleside yesterday,
and his weak showing evoked a stern re
buke from the officials in the stand. The
gelding opened an especial favorite in the
betting with Ostler Joe, the books laying
8 to 5 asainst either. The wise money
caused the Ostler's price to be cut a trifle,
while Little Cripple went back to twos.
The black horse from Montana made his
own running, and won with charming )
ease from his full sister, Jack Follansbee's
Hermanita. Marcel was third, a bushel
of lengths in front of Cripple. Of course,
those who strung their co n on the
chances of Ostler Joe looked pleased,
while the supporters of Little Cripple wore
a savage and disgruntled look.
The judges promptly suspended Earl
Cochran, wno rode Cripple, and decided
to refuse the entries of Bookmaker Hum
phrey until they are able to make some
sort of an adjustment of the unexpiicable
entanglement. As a fitting finale, the
snowing made by Mr. Humphrey's mare
Chartreuse 11. the 1 to 2 favorite for the ;
hnal race of the day, was another very in- j
teresting pyrotechnical display. Showing
speed in reserve during ihe early stages of
ilie running she stopped to nothing in the I
s:retch, finishing an interesting fourth. |
\V nether the two horses beaten have lost i
the sharp edge they exhibited in former :
races or whether this edge became dulled
irom the short prices laid in the books is '
problematical.
Outside of the win of the 60 to 1 out
sider Q.;antrell in the second maiden two
yeai-oid event, the racing was marked by
nothing eventful. Two of the favorites
oniy were successful, the defeat of the
others being attributed for the most part
to the going, which was muddy. The at
tendance ana betting were quite up to the
average.
Green Morris got Innammator out of
the maiden class. He was an even-money \
choice over nine other youngsters that
had as yet to reach the wire in advanoe of
their fields, and coming from sixth posi
tion in the stretch, won easily from Popin-
jay-
Among the nine starters in the second
division of maiden youngsters February,
looked about the most eligible and was
sent to the post an 11 to 5 favorite. T. |
.Murphy never seemed able to get him to
the front and he finished tiftb. Passing
Alazan below the paddock the rank out
sider Quantrell, with a lad named Claw
son in the saddle, forced into the lead
and finished half a length in advance of
the first-named two-year-old. Jay
Wheeler was third.
W. B. Sink's mare Sister Mary came out
of her long retirement and, as one of the j
seven starters in the fourth race, over
seven furlongs, was made a warm even- j
money chance. She performed very cred
itably, but could never get closer than
two lengths to Redu'ington, who ran like
a wild horse in the heavy going and won
under double wraps. The winner coupled
with Sabeila was held at 2 to 1 in the
books.
Another long-priced outsider crept into
notoriety in the concluding six-furlong <
sprint. After Road Warmer, a 5 to lsho;, I
had led the field to within thirty yards of '
the finishinc post, _nos brought tbe 25 to
1 chance Two Cheers Dp, and in a punish
in drive got the decision by a head in
1:18. St. Aignon was a comfortable third.
Notes.
This will be "ladies' day" at Ingleside,
and six events ate clown for decision on
the card. Secretary Leake says the ladies
are in love with hurdle races, and has fur
nis' ed one for their edification. The card
is one of especial excellence.
Ed Purser is back in California, and now
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
ELE L , E ra ' cc E k N i l udd DD y AY> Tueßd "y« November 10. Winter meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine.
75 IIRST BaCE — Jlv « furlongs; inaiaen; two-year-oluß, allowances; purse *4UO.
Index. Horse, weight. ■ St. 14 i/ a *A
69 Inflammator......loß 2 .... 61 4V»
45 I Popinjay. 103 4 5iA 5%
Valdus .....:.105 1 2u 2h
i 9 Morrna... ;....105 7 31/. 11,
64 CathrlnetheGrea:loß 3 .......: lh Sh
D. Martin .103 7h 72
31 May R. .........105 5 41 63
53 Manzamllo 1001 6 84 84
63 IS, Inning Boy 105 9 1 .... 9 -.0 920
lArgeates 116 10 | 10 10
Str.
4 1
2h
3h
1 3
6 2
6
7
8
9
10
Fin.
1 fa
2 2
3b
4 4
6 1
6 A
7 4
86
it 4
10
lh W.Martin « 5
22 -hepurd 30
3h Snider 15
4 4 Golden 15
6 % McGlot c 6
6 -Vfe Kn05...... 8
7 4 --pencer '20
8 6 Cochran 10
M McKenna 50
10 ■ Lew.'.... 10
Jockey.
I Uettlnc.
Op. 11.
1
12
12
16
8
15
30
12
to
15
t.ood start. Won nandily. Winuir, G. B. Morris' b. c, by imp. Brutus-Artola.
Time, 1:06 V*.
76.
B
N
ACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
Ind. Horse, age, weight. jßu am. _V4_|_V4_ % Str. | Fin. ■■■■• Jockey- Op.""'
58 Ostler Jo«, 3 106: 1 1%22 18 IVz jT^" 1~l Duffv" kTr"
(4«) irern-,ani a, 4 US 24%6 42 222 * 2 4 H Martin ft"
Jockey.
Bmln*.
Op. Cl.
in .
Cl.
Ti
8
8
2
60
10
Good «' art-
rime, 1:51 »/i.
Won handily.
Winner, W. D. Kandall's blk. c., by Fresno-sUter to Jim Douglas.
y V IHIKD KalE-Hvc furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; allowances; purse $400.
ndex. l
ndexj Horse, weight St. 14 i£ 8^ Str.
Quamrell 108; 6 7V. 5 3 i~2
53 .tiuzan 105 2 if n 22
64 Jay Wheeler 1071 6 85 86 6
39 Vivo 108 1 32 2h sii
63 j-ebruary 105 7 4y. 4h 31
46 < OKent 108 3 6h 74 7
51 i.ink Boy 108 8 6h til iv
7* D. i Tobri 100 4 2h 3h 5
Diminuendo 115 9 9 9 9
Horse, weight
Fin.
3 3
4 h
52
?6*
76
8 20
ft
Iy% < lawson 6
2 4 Max v .„ 6
8 3 Freeman- 6-2
4 h E. J0ne5........ 6
5 2 T. Murpnv. 3
6JA M.Hugh ....... 12
7 6 shepaid 8
820 Frawley... 16
ft O. Dennison.... 15 ■ •
.Tockev.
Betting.
Op. 1.
10
6-2
131
11 5
30
5
15
10U
imi°uuli^' W ° n Cle ' rerly - Winn «. Atkin & ix)ttridge-s eh." c, b. El Kio Key-Addle O'Nell.
78.
tOUK'iH KACfc— Seveu fnrlougs; all ages: conditions; allowances purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age, weight. St.
34
V* % Btr.
•12 12 1 8
2b 24 24
5 3 3h 3 3
63 51 4 1/,
3 1 44 5 4"
7 •--■ 7 ■•- 7 ■
4 V 2V 2 6 10 6 4
Beltiiu-.
Op. Cl.
Fin.
Jockey.
64 Keddin«rtori. 3....104 1
Sis >r Mary, 6.... 09 2
f>s 'SHbilla, ♦.. .. ..104 6
65 jGrallfy, 3 104 8
: Kd^ewouut. 3 99 5
64 M. lo Diablo. A... 107 7
62 ed 1d1e, 4 99 4
1 h
4 li
53
64
3 2
7
2h
1 3
2 3
3 10
44
56
63
7
H. .Martin 2
Shields.. 1
Sullivan ........ • "
T. Murphy. ;.... 5
W.Mnfth....... SO
5nepard......... 4j
Carberry...:...: 100
2
4-5
*
6
l.'O
150
500
:31°.r E ' F ' ' mUh ' 8 **' - BB - P *. FOr ° f Norfol.c-An.enaue. .- Time,
ij(j FIFTH KACE— Six furlongg; selling; three-year-olds and op: purse f 400.
Ipdex - Horse, age, weight. jn. _^4 _J&__ % Str. 1 in. Jockey
111 if frf t^ 1
...:£: assays 1 ; »: ffo fe§|
Jockey.
l'ettlnjr.
Op- . Cli
15
6
■
3-5
20
20
.00
60
20
--7
7-2
1-2
3<-
-60
500
300
Good start.
Won dilvinfe. Winner. N. S. Hall', br. g., by Three Cheers- Lady Emma. | i me ,
the small fry will have a leader to follow '.
The tall plunger had a very successful sea
son East an i return* wreathed in smiles
and well supplied with Eastern green
backs. He is accompanied by Pete Gaff
ney and the Maloney boys.
The annual sale- o* Palo Alto stock
farm's yearlings will be held on Thursday
evening, November 12, at Killip <fc Co.'s
salesyard, corner Market street and Van
Ness avenue. The get of the noted stal
lions Flambeau, Racine, imp. Cyrus and
Flood are ail represented, and the young
sters are said to be a grand-looking lot.
Ben Benjamin's two-y°ar-old Valdos
made a very creditable showing in the
first race. Had tie not stumbled forty
yards from the wire, the black fellow
would proabably have beaten Popinjay
out fo- place honors.
Moreno, with Golden up. displayed the
Darebin's well-known Jiking for tne mud.
The filly looked like a winner at the head
oi the stretch.
A strong tip was prevalent on Popinjay,
but he is many, many pounds from stake
form.
The purse won by Geyser on Monday
has oeen protest- d by "Curley" Shields,
owner oi the third horse, Sepoy. Mr.
Sh elds claims that Geyser as well as
Scotch Rose, who finished second, are
both owned by J. B. Hacgin. The Turf
Congress rules compel horses running in
the same interests to be coupled in the
betting, otherwise they are liable to dis
qualification. The protest lodged was not
without its effect, for yesterday Sabella
and Reddington, although entered in dif
ferent trainers' names, were coupled in
the betting.
Neither Jack Atkins nor his partner,
Tommy Lottridge, the owners of Quan
trell, bet a dollar on the colt. He was
sick during their Eastern trip, and an
other thing that kept them off was the
presence of Clawson in the saddle. Coady
had been engaged to ride, but as William
Murry, with whom Coady is under con
tract, had an entry in the race, that
jockey could not ride, ana the owners of
Quantrell did not think little Clawson
strong enougn to ride the El Rio Rey
youn ester.
M. E. Casey, a steeplechase rider, got
mixed up is an argument with a couple
of Pinkerton men in the saddling paddock
and was given a rapid walk out the main
entrance.
George Corbran had a $5 bet on Little
Cripple and George says that Willie
Martin also banked the brown gelding.
Jack Martin, a three-year-old gelalng,
by George Kinney, made his California
aebut yesterday and loomed up very
prominently to the stretch. Muddy going
is evidently to his liking.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, six and a half furlongs, three
year-old riU'es— Cadenza 110, 67 Preceptre-s
105, 63 Lucille 110. 72 Imp. Miss Brummel
105, Spry Lark 110, 55 Marjorie 105.
Second race, tive furlongs, two-year-olds—
60 Tea Rose 112, 63 Horatio 100, 69 Mercutio
106, 51 Candelaria 111, Modestia 97, 39 Miuta
Owen 97, Anabasis 100.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— s7 Day
light 101. 59 Moran 98, 36 Orbit 107, 79 Mon
terey 106, 71 Tonino 100. Excuse 104, 70 Duke
Stevens 106, Sylvia 104, 67 McFarlane 103,
Burl Cochrane 104, Articus 112. 62 Tla Jimna
102, 16 Jack Atkins 104, 73 Irma 105, 76 Jack
Martin 102.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse— Perseus 99,
Moylan 102, 56 Bohemian Lass 84, 78 Sabilla
104, 67 imp. Santa Bella 99.
Fifth race, one and a fourth miles, hurdle—
65 Governor Budd 124, 12 Zaraxosa 148. 61
Arundel 150, Cicero 151, 49 Bert 147. 36
Gold Dust 148.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Minnie
Ccc 109, 73 Encino 99, 52 Snield Bearer 108,
70 Artist 110. 54 Jact R.chelieu 106. 70 i-tui
Marco 105, 64 Peril 101, 48 Heartsease 100
73 Waller J 101, 68 Doubtiul 96, (52) Artemus
109, 67 Model 105, 57 Gold bug 107, 73
Tenacity Iff?.
VETTER ESTATE CONTEST.
A Sister of the Decedent Demands
AH the Property.
Mrs. Rosine Grant has filed in Judge
Coffey's court a curt contest to the will of
the late Mrs. Caroline Vetter, which in
strument was offered for probate by P. J.
Vetter who was named as the principal
beneficiary.
Mrs. Grant declares that F. J. Vetter is
not the son of the late Caroline Vetter,
the alleged testatrix, and that Louise
Caroline Vetter, another legatee, is not a
grandchild of the deceased.
The contest lurther sets forth that at
the time Caroline Vetter signed the pre
tended will here mentioned she was suf
fering great physical and mental weak
ness incident to the death of her hus
band, Alfred Vetter; that F. J. Vetier
was residing in the same house with her
and had her under his influence and con
trol; that deceased just prior to her death
revoked said wiil and instructed F. J.
Vetter to destroy it, but that he fraudu
lently failed to do so, purposing to retain
to himself • the advantages that would
accrue if the will should be declared
valid.
Mrs. Grant says that she is a sister of
Mrs. Vetter and is the sole heir to the
estate, whicb is valued at $75,000.
• ♦ — ♦ ■
I>itappearunce of m, Oomeitic.
Annie GUle is missing. She left her home
on Guerrero street last Friday, since when the
police and the Society for the Prevention oi
Cruelty to Children have beea looking for her.
She is a domestic. No cause Is given for her
disappearance. Her lather has searched high
and low without getting the slightest trace
and he is much disturbed. Aunie Girle is de
scribed as coniuly looking. Another girl dis
appeared at the same time and the two are
supposed to be hiding somewhere in this City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOTEMBEH 11, 1896.
A RESERVATION
FOR THE LEPERS
The Novel Scheme Ad
vanced by a Local
Physician.
He Thinks They Should Bi Pro
vided For by the Gov
ernment.
SENATORS FAVJR THE PLAN.
Only Oue Hundred and Fifty Thou«
sand Dollars Neded to tare for
the Unfortunates.
1 Dr. George L. Fitch addressed a com
munication to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday on the subject of a Government
reservation for the lepers of the country,
asking co-operation in procuring one. Dr.
Fitch has evidently made a close study of
the matter, for he goes into details regard
ing the number of lepers in the country
and the manner in which the disease was
incurred.
In his introductory remarks Dr. Fitch
says the United States is the dumping
ground of the lepers of the world, and that
there are few States where there are no
cases. He cit<^ lowa, Minnesota, Oregon.
Dakota, Washington and New Mexico as
States where colonies of lepers have been
gathered aud isoated from their fellow
men. The fact that they are spread over
so ereat a territory, in his estimation, pre
cludes the caring for the outcasts by any
one State or community, and he advances
the idea that un-y should be amply pro
vided for by the National Government.
His idea is that they should not be im
prisoned in a pesthouse, but should be lo
cated on a large tract of land in some
isolated section, where tbey could have
plenty of free air and room and oe free
from the humiliation of being watched,
and also from the danger oi communi
cating the disease to other.-. He suggests
that a location be selected somewhere in
the foothills, the Pajaio Valley, for in
stance, where 2500 acres of land could he
purchased lor about $10 per acre, or $25,000.
The cost of the necessary buildi: gs and
implements he computes at $60,000 and the
expense for maintenance, outside of what
the unfortunates could do for themselves,
at $65,000, making a total of $150,000, which
he says would be a small sum for the
Government to expend for so great an ob
ject. He computes the number of lepers
in the State at twenty-five and the num
ber in the country at" 300.
Dr. Fitch say;, he iia- aad conversations
with Senator White.Connressmen Barham
and Mueuire, and all have promised co
operation in an attempt to induce the
Government to m:*ke the necessary
appropriation. He also says that Dr.
Carter of the State Board of Health of
lowa, while on a recent visit to this City,
discussed the matter with him, and ex
pressed a belief that the scheme was not
only feasible, but neces ary. Dr. Carter
promised to u-e his influence with the Ra
tional Legislature of his State to gain the
desired end.
Dr. Fitch requests the Board of Super
visors to communicate with the Super
visors of the various counties in the S.ate,
asking them to co-operate in the matter.
Mayor Sutro, president oof. f the Board of
Heahu, said yesterday that he was heartiy
in favor of such a movement, and that he
had always maintained that the Govern
ment wa9 ihe proper guardian of the
lepers, since the majority wen aliens who
came here to escape being connued la their
native countries.
In Memory of Jucob Z. Uavig
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children met yesterday and elect- d a comm t
tee, consisting of Colonel Sonntag, pn-ia> in
of the society, and Me=srs. Gilbert fa. ache and
I. T. Milllkeii, to prepare resoiutinns cuncern-
Ing the death oi Jnti.L. Z. Davjs, who was a ui
rector oi the society.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marie F. l onnift to Emma. Katie Lizzie and
Mary.Wllcox, lot on & line of Page street, 87 W
of a via, W2sby U 120; 10.
Esther and Lydla A. Blackburn to Elizabeth A.
McDonald, lot on *>W ci rner ot Jackson street and
Central avenue. S -7:81/4 by W V2o:»\ $10
Ely Land Helen J. llutchln>on to art in Gos
aelk, lot on SE corner of > ighteenth and uolores
streets, X SO by E 85: $10.
Arthur W. and Liilie A. Tuggcy to William Tug
gey, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 61 aof Al
varad<-, g 25 by W 101:9: $1800.
William. i uggey to Arthur W. Tuegey. same
with certain reservations: eifu
Duncan and Agnes 11. Payne and Joseph H. P.
and Mai ion P. Howard to To mas L. Onallvia. un
divided half of interest of Agnes Bowie at time of
death. SW corner of Webbatid Sacramento streets.
\V34bv»7s. $10. ' ai«iiß,
Patrick Dempsey 10 Ilannorah Demps-y lot on
E line of Hampshire street, 116:o of Nineteenth
(Bane), S .5 by X 100; also lot oil W line of Bry
ant street, 2*5 Sof Nineteenth (Butt-) s 50 In
W 100: also lot on Eline. f Morida street. 60 S of
Nineteenth (Butte). s 25 by E 110: gifu
Walter K. ■ miih to llartland Law, lot on V line
of Lake street, 57:6 W of Seventeenth avennn
W I*s by M 1C0; $10 avenue,
Lewis E. and Artemisia Bebau to Richard a
and i.miuaG. McLauulin, lot on E line of Fourth
avenue, 350 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 12j
$10. , * . J>
Paul Burshtnsky to Adolph Sutro, lot on Nfi
corner of D street and Forty-stventb avenue N
125, .E J2O, S 25, W 12:6. S 10./, W 107-fl
quitclaim deed: $1. "^
John 11. and Margaret Kuael to Joseph Schorr
undivided half of lot 41. block 48, Su nyßlde- sin'
Kan- C. Daly to Annie A. Daly, lot on X corner
of Chenery and Mateo streets, KB 25 by sk 100;
f7OO. " Wl
Jacob and Lina peyman (by attorney) to Rox
annah A. Joyce, lot on E line or Nan Jose ro»ii
66:10 Bof Naglee avenue, S 77:6, E 1 16, M*6 w'
25, N 50. W 111, portion of block 3, West And
map 2: *10. *
I'.oxunnah A. Joyce to Edward E. H. Heath
same; $50U. '^HMBB '
■ . AI.aHKDA COOTTT.
Nnncy C. Anderson to Sophy C. Crane, lot 6
block 477. Brlggs l rait, Map 2. Oakland; grant.'
Jacob Llnklater to William aud Mary J. D
O'Brien; lot 011 W line of Henry street. 100 S of
Eighth, S SO by W 100, block 528. Gibbons prop
erty. Map 1. quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Mountain View »>m«-tery Association to (»er
trade M. Uovt, lot 222 in plat 12, Mountain View
temeiery, Oakland Township; $44. ■
fame to Marie Wer er, lot 62 in plat 38. same
Oakland .ownshlp: *:«. . '
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Joseph A.
PI- rcy, lot on S line of Virginia street. 78.2J X of
Chestnut, B 36. S 185.60.-. \V 14. 'J0. N .5 60 W
21 80. N 100 to beginning, being lot A-19 block
11. urtis '1 ract.: I erkeley : $5.
Francisco F. Perelra to Frank P. Costa, lot on N
line ot Joaquin avenue. 72 Wo: liosa • street" \V
72:3 by N, 141:9, bock- 12, E tud.llo 1 met, San
i.randro, subject to a mortgage for $500. Edeu
Jownship: giant.
: Sarah F. Thomson (wife of A. D.) and Mary F
Connera 10 Thomas Prather, lot beginning at a
post at NW corner of lands or John a. Clary, by
deed of May 19. » 873, thence along W boundary
of said true;. SW 11.38 chains. OK 4 55 chains
NE 11. 53 chains, N\V 4.65 chains to beginning'
being portion of plat 18, Rio Xl > alie de .--an Jose
Murray Town-hip; $10. •
L. H. and Lizzie My to Oakland Loan and Invest
ment Company, lot o:> X hue of Thirty-second
street.* 115 W of Weal. W 60. N 87. 1.6, E 6i 217
88269 to beginning, lot 4, bioek 2041, lowland
Tract. Oa. land: also E line of lot 22, t.ollese View
Tract, 100 H.of Brockhurst street, S 16:8,- W 50, N
16.3. i-; £0 to b-ainiiinc. being the 8 16:3 left of
lot 22, Colepe View Tract, <Jakland; 10.
Charles J. Johnson to Bridget Callahan. lota 15
16 and 17. block 35. Oakland; gift.
Mary L. erase to Fred A?kerman,- lot on 8W
lini» of Twelfth street, 182 X of Center, E '26 by S
IJO, being Vi of lot 18,: map or Center-street
floaic Lots, Oakland: *10. " .' - -
» lose Roberts to Kllen Pauline, undivided y, of
lot 65. Rock Islam tr«c . Berkeley: *10. •
George E. and Emme Ine L. H;i.»-s to Lillle E.
Htoweil, lot on S line of A catraz avenue 360 EotE ot
Baker street, E4oby 8 134. loi 10, block 1 8, Her
zog tract, Berkeley: $10.' ' . ■•
,-. Pliny V. a B irt.ett to Matilda C. a : Broun, lot
on N line of i harm tig way, 200 W of Audubon
V\ 60 by N 130, ptrtion of lot 3. block- 9, college
. Homestead. Berkeley; $10. r
Gertrude B. Warts to Anton S. Blake, lot on I
line of Louisa street, 280 : N of Ceiar. NBoby F
191 :ts> block 6, Graves <*. Taylor Tract, Berkeley;
v*o - .. :^'QW^|j3MQ^qSMs^ig9UfiE9MCjteo^. r> . .
r> Mary J. Moss, Je-sie E. and . Perry,. H. An aeon
Lulu S. and Wilila— L.' Taylor to ' Lucy A. John
sion, lots 12 and 13, block 8, amended Map, Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township: *10.
Joseph i-nii Ja . c Brand ov.ein to Lizzie C. I>«*an,
lot on N line of Tay or aye tt*, 246.64 Wof Caro
line -up et, \V 3 b\- >'"122, t»eiu th-- W 35 feet of
lot 11, biock- A, m;i|> of p.>i tion of original v lscher
Trac, Alameoa: $10
Henry Kckley to Caroline A. Eckley, lot on NX
Une Brlggs avenue. 8 0 8B of High. SE 100 by NE
20S, baiug lota 18 and 19, Brings' Tract, Alameda;
910.
Joseph M. < rabam to Sarah <\ Graham, lot C.
block 27, Alameda Park Homestead, Alameda;
gift.
Faxon D. A then on to CJeorge A. Good ell, lot on
NE corner Dana Main strels, SW7O.NK 00,
SE 70 sw 100 lo beginning. Hay wards, Eden
TownshiD: $150.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BrsiXESS OFFICE of the San Franc!«coCA_—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OI'FICES—S27 Montgomery lOMI,
corner Clay; opep until 9:30 o'clock.
829 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteen— and Mission »ireeis, op«»
nntii 9 o'clock.
26 1h Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. Mvrjc.*; Ktk'] »i ££'i'i>'Us."
R^* EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166, fI _'""
"^^ and A. — special m etiug THlS_^^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENI.NfJ, November TK ]jf
11, at 7:30 o'clock. First degree r^yy
THEO. E. SAiITH. Secretary.
jjfrlS 3 MISSION LODGE N . 169, F. _
«*^ and a. M.— Called meeting THISA.
I DN£SDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 'tfjf
o clock. First degree. By order of the /~lr >
W.M." CD. BUNKER. Bee
Jt^" MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. _ ,
»=*; 44. F. and A. M.-Meetlug THIs A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 ¥V
o'clock. Third degree. /V>
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
BCS=» CROCKETT. LODGE NO. IH9.K _
Jfrr,. r. A. M.— Called meeting THIS^/^_
WEDNESDAY, at 7:80 r. m.- D. Ist. By if V
order of the W. M. H. FoRTRIEDE. Sec f%r\
K^THE FORMER" RESIDENTS OF OLD
»»*' Tuolumne and other mining counties
will banquet at the Ross House, 469 -*iuth
street, Oakland, on SATURDA Y.November 14, at
8 o'clock sharp. c. B. RUTHERFORD, Pres.
Jpr^gF* CALIFORNIA COLLEGE O' PHAR
•k^-*' mai-y (department of pharmacy. University
of California)— the annual meeting of stockhold-
ers win be held in the college, 113 1- niton at. sun
Francisco, on THURSDAY, November 12, 1896,
a: 2:30 P m. Q 1 To a. WjblHE, secretary.
Btr^p THE R GULAR ANNUAL. MEETING
»- 6 ' of the stockholders of the CALIFORNIA
WINEMAKEHs' CORPORATION will be held at
the Chamber of Commerce, 431 California si., San
Francisco, on WEDNi SDAY, November 18.
1896, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. •• ,
J. H. WH !■ ELi: , Secretary.
SrKCIAIi NOTICES.
9- -_r* G I-IXIURES MADE TO OKDkH;
«*-©' cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
ttr:^ BAD. tenants EJECTED, $3. cook.
+*** Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market su
ff^g* BAD TENANT^ UKCTED FOR »4:
l**-^ rcllectlons made, cltr • or country . • Paciflo
>'•'■/ (ftn Cn.. 4» .ion " • «... room tf. T-' 6."> M )
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Et^" DIVIDEND NO. 37 " (TWENTY-FiVE
■»»*' cents per share) of the Hutculnaon Sugar
Plantation » ompany will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market a .. on and after FRI-
DAY, NOVI MBER 20. 1896 Transfer-books
will close Saturday, November 14, 1896. at 12
o'clock M. E. 11. SHELDON. Secret
bI'IUATiONs \vAM'EU-FK3I.UK.
I A DIES DESIRING FIRST-CLASS HELP OF
1 ' all nationalities, male or female, please call or
send orders to Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
/ i ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ" ajn St.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.'
L LDERLY PROTESIANT WOMAN OF IN-
i'J telligence wants a si nation in a family of
adults to assist at work: good cook and baker;
neat and reliable; or would go as companion to a
lady; no objection to Oaklimd. Address MRS. E.,
or call between 1 and 4 p. if., 204 Turk st.
QITUATIOX WANTKD FOR RESPECTABLE
O young girl in a place to do general housework;
also a younggir to take rare of children; best of
reference If required. Please call 36 Chealey St.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant, seventh and ighth.
QIT'UATION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY WIDOW
0 (eiderly); is neat, good cook, temperate and
healthy; lines children; widower's family pre-
terred: wages $10 a month; American widow.
Call or address 318 Minna basement.
C COMPETENT WOMAN WITH THE BKST
/of reference ■ wishes situation to do general
housework in American family: good cook and
laundress; city or Oakland; wages $15. N. D., box
125, Call Office.
tTeliable woman LATELY from the
XV East w shes rare of 11 tie children and sewing:
also good plain cook: wages moderate; good refer-
ences. 829 a Howard st ; please call for a days.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN DESIRES A SlTU-
.atlon to do housework and cook In small
family; wages $15: object good home more than
wages. Can be seen 924 Washington st.
\ OUNIi GIKL WISHES A SIIUATION AT
1 . housework or upstairs work; best of refer-
ences. Please coll at 25 Pleasant St., between
Jones and Taylor.
\' OUNIi DANISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION
X to do housework in small family; wages $12 to
15. Call Wednesday aid Tnur day at 337 Dore
at., between Ninth and Tenth, ■ ft Bryant.
YOUNG WOMAN, NOT AFRAID TO WORK.
X desires a plat a* housekeeper for widower of
single man: no objection to any di tance in the
country. Address K. L., box 15, this office.
1 lUIAX LADY. NEW ARRIVAL. SPEAKS
VJ English and French, wants place ursery gov-
erness; good housekeeper, splendid needlewoman;
Orst-class references. \i.. box 125, this office.
IJESPECTABLE WOMAN Wl-HES SITUA-
XV : ion to do general housework; good plain cook
and laundress; many years' references. 364 Jes-
sie at., near Fifth.
ESPECTAHLK MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
XV desires sltuati >n as cook on a ranch for men:
ref rences if required. Apply Shelter House,
Folsom st. - :
/ » ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK AS A
*J lady's nurse or any other kind of work by the
day. Address L. K. R., 20 Mary au, bet. Fifth and
sixth. Mission and Howard. - »
Mils. huHI)E, GERMAN LADIES' NURSK.
301-j, Ulngoid at., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Fol-
sum ana Harrison. ; '
\ O UNO GIRL WITH REFERENCES
X wishes situation us second girl. 14 Farreu aye..
off Eddy, bet. Pierce and Scotu
KEsPI.C.ABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
t.on at general housework in nice family. 734
Montgomery at., room 16. .
\\r ANT. BY. AM RICAN WOMAN. POSl-
»» tion us managing housekeeper. Address W.
A., box 41. this office.
■youNG uikl. WANTS SITUATION to DO
X. general houßework. 906 McAllister, nr. Lagnna.
V OUN . GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN EUAL
X housework • and cooking. Cml at 1864 Fif-
teentn ht.. between Dolor a and Guer ero.
. V OUNIi GIRL WISHES TO A.^IST IN GEN-
.-••-Valhous-worltana help cooking; wages $12
to $15. 1516 Twentle.h aye South San Francisco.
GERMAN (URL FOR : GENERAL _OUSE~-
VJ work. Call or address 2410 Polk su
/^OMPEiENT~wo_AN AM.i SITUATION:
\J light housework ; Is a good cook and laundress;
neai and cleau. call, for two da) s, 12.»1 Market.
C] M PETE NT WOMAN GOOD -COOK AND
\J laundress; wages, $10 to $12. 460 Minna at.,
upstairs. '
niRL WAN'IS TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work or second work; 539 Howard si.; best
of references. ■ _ *.
fjHAMBKRMAID WOULD LIKE WORK IN A
\J good hotel. Call or address 43 Sixth st.
<} SWEDISH GIRLS WI»H SITUATIONS TO
do Housework. 1:868 Twenty-fourth at., bet.
Bryant and Fonda.
V\ .° iiA , s WANTS WORK by THE DAY AS
» » laundress and housecieaning. Call 43 Willow
aye., cor. Polk, nr. i.ddy.
y OUNG WOMAN with a child 15
X mouth- old wojld like a place to do housework.
Call or write M. G. MEYER-, US Third, room 23.
V OUNOGIKL WISHESSIIUATION.HOUSE-
j. work; is a good cook; best references: wages
#16. 721 Ellis su ■ .
T> ELIARLEOIKL WISHES SITUATION TO
J-fc do feral l.ou-ework, second ; work or cham-
l.erwoik ; city reference.': Pi ease call 19 Sixth au :
EXPERIENCED SWISS GIUL .WISH.!..-* PO-
-»-* sit:on to do upstairs work and wai; at table.
Please address 3 J5 Guerrero au
VUOMAN (BY THE DAY) WANTS -MORIS
''engaKementa; ; go.d laundress - and house-
cleaner. MRS. Bi;own, 911Va Mission at..' ,
("i E "MAN COOK WISHES SITUATION TO Do
VJ cooking; piiva c family, wages $3J. Call 479
lebama at., near Sixth. ■■
O WEDISU GIRL WANiS SITUATION AS
geneial housewor^: . reference given; : wages
____jj__3"-g "I" went> -fourth st. ~ -
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO CARE FOR
x omce or will do janitreas work, • etc.; - highest
references. Address Y. W., box 140, ■■ Call Office.
I»"UJIAN WANT- A PLACE AS GOOD COOK:
"or would do housework. 227 Hayes st. , ': .
IV ANTED— BY SWEDISH GIKL. PLAt ETO
. » » do cooking or general housework.- 901 Folsom.
Y OUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO GENEK.iI,
-» housework and plain cooking. 1351 Howard
at., - near Tenth. . ;-•'-
VV ANTE —MY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN IN
»t Oakland, housework or care of child; sleep
home. , b25Ch.s nut st , Oakland.
' I , ADY WANTS SEWING AND MENDING
-— by the day, or would lake work home. 423
church at.,, -
\OUN«. GIKL WANTS S TUATIoN TO DO
:X general m usework in 'prlva c faulty: good
city i efereucen., Apply 8 Precii. aye., nr. Mission.
/ IUMPE.EM -EK.UA WISHES PL«iCE !
v/ for cooking and ■ general ~* housework, - cull or i
in. dress 8., Vouug women's Ohristian Associa-
tion, 121:1 O'Farrell at.
SITUATIONS WANTED-CoTitlntied.
'pOJ.PETENT AND: KXPEKIENCBD STEN-
\J ographer a id , typewriter Jeslres a position;
reference. ,. S.. box 149. this office. :
•TO ESP KCT ABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK
-IV by the day washing or cleaning. Address 15
KiBsllnsSt.-
KLIABLE WOMAN WISHES A POSITION
X\> as working house- coper no objection to wid-
ower's family; no trifles. Qail or.addiess M. M.
M.. ■ 355 Twenty-second su.>. •,'.-
'V OUNG Jr. WISH WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
X ton to do general housework • for . ewlsh fam-
lly. 451 NatomaBU •
POSITION ASHOUSEKEEPER IN LODGING-
house or hotf I. Address S H., box, 120, Call.
OM A N .WANTS -CLOTHES TO REPAIR;
'» also knits men's socks and warmers.
114 Fourth su. room 15.
CIOMPKTENT IRISH GIRI, WISHES A SITU-
' a:lon to do cooking or general housework in a
private family. Ca 1 33*9 Twenty-se ond St., near
Valencia.-/ - : .
pOMPEIENT GERMAN lOOK WISH I 8 SIT-
\J a .tion; best of referencea. Please call 2505 Va
Mission st.
-THOROUGH C OK. AMERICAN, WANTS
X situailon in American family. H., box 68. this
office. . ■■ ..••-.
Vi IDDLE-AGED WO ,AN. FIRST-CLASS
I'l German or American cook: no objection to
plain washing: references. Apply 546 Jess st.
"yOUNG WOMAN DESIRES TO GO AS TRA V-
X eling'co-iipanion: good seamstress. Apply 131
Taylor st., room 3.
R~EFINED LADY WOULD LIKE A POSI-
Jt tion for light work or care of 1 child: refer-
ences: do not wr t-: please call: men need not an-
ply. MRS, a, 860 Mission s ■ -T" P
VuINGGIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO GEN-
X era! housework; good references. Apply 216
Turk st. .
W O.MAN WANTS COOKING OR HOUSE-
" work. Call at 31 Ash aye. for 2 days.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL HAVING BEST OF
-Li references would like to do general house-
work or care of children; country preferred.
MISS THIAS. 1221 O'Farrell sU
yOUNGLAUY DESIRES A POSITION aS
X housekeeper. 200 Turk su, room ft-
W INCUEoi EU HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST. VR,
' T Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
II 60 tos6 per week: convenient and respecr&Di«:
u»-f- I.lls and bare»"» to and from the ierrv.
bI'X'UATIOjNb ttAM'JiU-MALE.
rTRTii anson & co.r*iio ok ary^ivTfub^
* '. nish men for all kinds of work. epnone.
Grant 185.
ij^Oß -CLASS COOKS, WAITERS,
coachmen, gardeners, men and wives, mechan-
ics and other help. Send your orders to J. F.
L ROsETT <fe CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HUNTER A CO.. CHI.SuMi AND JAPA-
Dese employment ► office. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tet. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, mgr
/CHINESE & JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS;
V/ 1 help; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 64O CIay.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sutler st. ; teL Grant SO.
TAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
*} SU Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy su : tel. Main 5234.
APANESE AND CHINESE HELP. ORIKN-
taI Business Agcy.62o Merchant;tel.main 1033.
/"CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; lei. Main 1997. BRADLEY &CO., *>40ciav
\\; ANTED— STEADY WORK BY YOUNG
it man (German) to wait on tr.ble. tend bar, as-
sist In kitchen, housework or other work: city or
country. Please address H. MILLER, 55 Second
St., room 25. :
\-OUNG STEADY MAN, PAINTER AND
X whltener, wishes work as man about place or
work by the day: can drive, care of horses or work
In store or shop"; willing to do any kind Ol work.
Address C. 11., 11 Lafayett*' st.
TEADY YOUNG MAN (ENO 1 H) WOULD
0 be glad of sltua ion to make himself useful
around house and garden: eood character and
trustworthy. Address F. —  box 98. Call » fflce.
ITUATION WANT. D BY A MIIID..E-AGI.D
O Swiss to teach French or German: besides he
Is handy around the bouse and garden; can milk
and dr.ve. Apply A. E., box l-'v, C ...1 office.
SWEDISH MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
conchman and gardener: Is good horseman and
careful driver; good milker; reference. Address
C. 0.. box 102, Call.
Ai'RIED GERMAN, GOOD AND . RELIA-
i'I ble; driver and stableman, bandy with tools,
wants any kind of work; $9 per week. Address
R. 1. 8., box 164. all office.
Y\' ANI—D— BY YOUNG MAN OF ABILITY,
"T position in store, hotel clerk, time-keeper, etc.
Address B. V., box 88, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS CARPENTER WANTS WORK;
r city or country. Address Carpenter, box 135,
Call Office.
ERMAN, STeXdV, WANTST~A.
vJ place to wait on table or do kitchen work.
Adiresa C. M.. box 87, Call.
TO TAILORS— BOY, FIRST CLASS SEWJCR
on coats, well recommended from last employer,
wants job; wages $5 weekly. Apply 211Va ueary.
VV ANTED— BY RELIABLE MARRIED BAR-
»' her talso first-class musician) a permanent
posl ion. Address Barber, box 81, Call.
ESPECTABI.E YOUNG MAN WILL GIVE
his services for home until be can secure em-
ployment. Address 8., box 33, Call.
OOD ALL-ROUND COOK WHO UNDER-
stands how to cook oysters wants work. Ad-
dress F. G., 765 Mlsiioti s:.. city.
yOUNG MAN WITH KNOWLEDGE OFAS-
-1 saying, not afraid of work, desires a position
In a mine. Address M. A., box 68, Call.
AN AND HIS WIFE WANT PLACE ON
ranch or private place; man is practical
farmer: can handle stock, run engine, etc.: wife is
good cook and housekeeper: 1.0 children; best ref-
erences. Address Box 102. Golden Gate Station,
Alameita County, Cal.
RCIIARDISI, MARRIED, WANTS Posl-
lion as iiiperiniendent: 15 years' California
experience from nursery to packing and drying;
vines, stock and general farming; Al reference*.
Address Practical. ?12y* Fulton sU,
ViAN AND WIFE (EASTERN PEOPLE),
-iTI private place: man understands care horses,
catt c ,and grounds: wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. 8., box
39. Ca 1. .
/GERMAN LANDSCAPE GARDENER, MAR-
vJ rled, desires a position. R. J. GARDNER,
Benvenue ava. Berkeley, Cal.
1/LDERLY GENTLEMAN OF GENTEEL AP-
J-i pearauce would like any light, genteel employ-
ment; reasonable wages. Call on or aJdresa J.
IL|S., room 19, Central Hotel, San Francisco, CaU
\'OUNO MAN. 21 YEARS OLD, WANTS A
position; competent to handle horses; -willing
to lake any kind of work. Inquire JOHN
BREITENBACH, Thomas Dyeing Works, 27
Tenth sU
yOUNG MAN, TIN-ROOFER AND OUTSIDE
X jobber by trade, able to do rough plumbing.
would like 10 finish plumbine trade; wa^ea small.
OLIVER NEILSEN, Berkeley. Cal.
ARPENTER WOULD LIKE O KENT
\J house of property-owner in exchange for work.
Box 85. Cull Office.
W AN TED-POSITION AS COOK. BY A RE-
TT Ilable, competent man (German); has filled
position as first cook in the leading hoiels of
California: first-class references if required. Ad-
dress E., box 26, . all Office.
'ENGINEER— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
XJ man: refrigerating and electrical lighting a
specialty; steady po-.i:!on more desired than high
wages. Add. LOUIS B. G RDON, 627 Second su
.READ, CAKr. AND PAS'I'RY BAKER
. ■ wishes position in restaurant or hotel. DAVID
WILsoN, Montgomery Hotel, Second sU .
yOUNO SWEDE WANTS~"siTUATION AS
X coachman and gardener: Is conn horseman and
careful driver; best of references. Address G.
WALLIN, 84« Clay st., Oakmnd. - . -
RELIABLE MAN WANTS P. iRTER'S WORK
or collect : - tirst-ciass local reference or bonds
given. Address.W. 8., box 18. Call.
GOOD BARBER DESIRES WORK sATUR-
VJ day and Sunday; steady. FORD, 1309 Bu-
chanan st.
p ARDEN — SITUATION WANTED BY
VT Hrst-< lass young Dane; underst nds care of.
horses, cows,' poultry ■ can run gas - and steam en-
gine. : Gardener, box 149, Call Office. . .
WANTED— BY. A COMPETENT. RELIABLE
."'man.. the management or care of a ranch,
either fruit, train or stock: '■ o- to rent on : shares.
Address JOHN PHILLIPS SR., Eldrldge, Cal.
\\.' INCHEST lilt JloU.-E, 44 THIRD. NEAK
' » Market— Electric lights in ■ every room ; 201)
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per ni-.-h : SI 50 10 $6 per
■v. i-»k !;-i- 1.111 ( ■■ ■■' h»rfi-» 10 mil fro-n.ih" --.■•■- '
. ; ! It.il.lkv Ui.- »v \t 1 tl>. "
QWEDISH OR SECOND GIRL F-)R
_ Honora, $20 to >25 : General housework girl for
Honora, $20; serond-work elrl, city. - 5 to $20;
nursegirl with referen es. child IV2 years old,
city, $12 to $16. C. ■R. HANSEN <fc • CO., 110
Geary st. 1 ' > . • ,
GERMAN OR SWEDISH CHAMBERMAID
. fop ; lodging-house, city, $15 and found; wait-
ress for small boarding-house, San Mateo, see party
here. $15/ C. R. HANSEN «fe CO., 110 Geary st.
EAT REFINED SECOND GIRL, $20 GKR-
-1. 1. man governess, $20: 16 housework girlr. city
and country, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, assist, $10
10 $15. Ml^s CULUEN, 323 >ntter sU
1 ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL, $25; GOOD
;V ' place. \{ Miss CILL -N,323 sutter su
OUSi-WOKK WOMAN: SLEEP HOME-
SI6. MISS CULL -IN, 323 Sotter St.
\[EATRKFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL:
It $20.'... MISS CULLK.N. 323 Bntter sU
C^HAMBhRMAID AND I.'AUNiiRESS, - $20:
V^ German governess, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ."• .' ': .*. :;■ :". . "'/ -.
EAT WOMAN, WIT U A CHILD; $16. MISS
IX CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. ■
.t i ERMAN OK SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
*> Rlr.s3o: Sin family. .MISS CULLEN, 3^3
Futter st.  i
IDDLE-vGKD WOMAN. COUNTRY, $15"
MISS '. CULLEX. 323 -ut e r 8U -. . :- : T^""-
REFINED TESTA NT ■ MIDDLE-AGFD
woman. $20; hous-work and assist children
, MISS. CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. . «-nuoren,
PROTESTANT NURSE. $25. MISS CULLE
32:; Sutter su .:■■■"■'.:'■:: --•-■.' . . .:-.*>'
GIIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO -FILL
r, various ; positions • from $12 to «25. German
Employment Office, > 306 Mason si. "erman
FFIP WANTKn-CotHlnnH.
1 AITRES>, COUNTRY - 110 1 i- _, $-jo "and
1 TT room; - waltrett^ea. City, $20 and ioom, call
early: chambermaid,' country hotel. * 0, room,'
et.'. : girl for. as-* stan:, etc, n sma.l restaurant,
$3 a week: woman cook, .*■. 5. room, etc. . yo iu-
girl, assist In small hotel, $I.' and room si 1, Aia-
meiia. - Lai., , $20; girl, Berkeley, ', <al , $20;
gin for Alameda, Cai., . f 15: girl for Vncaviile,
Cal., $15; girl ior Risks, Cat.. $20; girl. Fulton
St., $15- girl, Trnckee, Cal., $15: girl, Blake st.,
*15: girl for bakery, call early; cm, P .Ik st.. $15;
girl, Lacuna St.. $18; girl. Gougn St.. - $15: girl.
Broderick su, $15: girl, Butte City, $20: middle-
aged woman, San Rafael. Cal.: middle-aged,
Va lejo, Cal.: • 17 young gins, $8. $10 and $12 per
month, assist, ec, -nice families; 9 German. 7
Swede, 6 DanNh sIris. .MARTIN'S, 749 .Market st.
W' an 1 ed- WAITRESS AND; chamber-
; tt I m.iid. country ho;el, $20. see party here at 10
to-day; Protestant cook, 2 in fami ■ , $25; 3 cooks.
German style, $-5 and $30: . Protestant second
girl. $'.0, and a lane number of niris for house-
work. J. F. CROSETT ACO , 31 6 Sutter at. . ■ ■: .
O UAlTi.!>Sr"sTs \ .uE COUNTRY HOTEL,
— S2O: cooks, housework eiris, etc. MURRAY
<fc i-K DV, Leading Employment Agents, 6.:4-
-636 Clay si. ■ : -'■'. '
11 A Ti-,D— GERMAN WOMAN AS 11OUSE-
»' keeper, $15; German «Irl for housework. $20;
German cook, $30: 2 P second gins. $-5; American
• oolc. $30. - LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton St.
INI HERS AND EXPERIENCED I'LUSK
hands. DAVIDSON & MILLER, 121 Post st.
>1 K-T-CL \SS TAILORESS ON COATS. 332 V,
X Clementina st.
EH ol AN GENERAL HOUSE WORKER:
good cook: •-' in family: take care of 1 child :
good wages; references. Call between 9 and 12.
1123 Lagunasr.
(■■» ERMAN woman wanted FOR gen;:.
v 1 ral housework ; country place; 4 persons. L. X.,
box 103. Call.
GERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR SECOND
work, $16. 306 Mason st.
GIRL, 16 TO 18. L:OHT HOUSEWORK; $8
to $10: small family. 123 Noe st. <
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 942
vJ Folsom at. ■
\,l IDDLi -AGED WOMAN FOR LIGHT
■It l housework: good home; small wages. 764
Howard sU
T EARN DRESSCUTTING AND FITTING:
XJ skirt patterns. 25c MCDOWELL'S. 636 Mar-
ket st.
ANTED - GOOD GERM AN GIRL FOR
housework and plain cooking. 700 Diamond
St., bakery.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking; German preferred; wages *15.
1218 a Fulton st.
O GERMAN APPRENTICES ON FINE ART
*•> made ladies' costumes. BKKYWOIi TH, ladies' |
tailor, 1105 i.eavenworh, near California.
OH LADIES TO SOLICIT AND COLLECT, ON
salary: small security required. W. A.
NIXON, 11:0 Eliis st.
ELIABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN; LIGHT
housework; $8 a month. Call 653 Howard,
downstairs.
11/* OMAN, 20 TO 24, FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
'» work: one in family: waieasB: call 12 to 1 |
T. if. 710 Lombard st., cor. Aiontgomery aye.
p. a ladies in Oakland, berk.ley and
uv/ Alameda. Ca I 913 Golden Gate aye .S. F.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AND TAKt.
-L care of child. 738 Ellis st. ■
VV' ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
TT care of child. Apply 738 Kills sU
0" PERATORS ON CHILDREN'S COATS. AP-
pty beu 10 and 11 a 11. 840 Market st.
"y OTJNG GIRL TO ASSIST AT LIGHT HOUSE-
■I work. 1926 y a Golden Gate aye.
YY' ANTED— WOMAX FOR HOUSEWORK:
t t several hours dally. 109 Taylor st.
G 1 I I AY, KR 15 To MIND CHILD DAYTIME. |
VJ Call 2512 ■- acramento st.
AIRDIiESSING, MANICURING LESSONS-
reasonable Miss D0y1e,212 Powell: 106 Ninth
\\ ANTED - FIR VI- -On ASS FINISHERS
TT on pants. 341 Minna at.
/.IRL TO LEARN DRESSMAKING; ONE |
' * living at home prefeired. 1010 Geary su
]V"EAT YOl NG (.IRL, GENERxL HOUSE- i
Xi work, good cook, * 16. 724 u'Farre I «-.
Gli.L 1O ASSIST. LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
care of children. 1308 Buchanan st.
Y or G GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
x work; good home. Call at 521 Halght sU
VV s*"5 * " - A OI » 11 ' Toh ordinary
TT housework. 3318 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER'S APPRENTICE WANTED:
2133 Bush su •
G~l IRL TO DO LIUH.- HOUSEWORK; $8 A
r month. all 1765 Ellis sU
GERMAN GIRL FOR HOU EWORK AND
cook lug: $16; references. 3004 Mission st.
GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $10.
VJ 3835 Army st.
EXPERIENCED hands 51v LADIES'
skirts, silk waists. 409 a Turk aU, Koenigstein. j
"yOUNG GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS WORK? 1207 I
X Goußh st.
\\r ANTED— EUROPEAN GIRL TO ASMS?
'» homework; wuees $10 to «15 and a lovely
country home. A. T., box 66. Call Office.
DEt.MATOLOGY, HAIRDRESSING. MANl-
curlng3Chool; reasonable. 181 Post; elevator.
AT JGHT SCHOOL OPENS MONDAY. 7:15 P. M.
x^ . LYNN'S I;resscutting school. 14 McAllister.
OSM.DALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NR. TAV-
• lor— loo furnished rooms; 25c night; $1 week.
H.<IHDREssINU, 25c AN.' 36c: AF IE It-
noon classes; 10 lessons. $1 50. 1248 Mlssiou.
WANTED— MEN aND WOMEN TO LEARN
TT barber trade: only H weeks required: tools
given and catalogue aenu B. F. Barber School
1615 Howard su . ■ ■■
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK ■"
vTX >V lnchester Honw, 44 Third at., near Market •■
UOU rooms: X6c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $i
{■-r **»<■*/■ tm 'boa an.l t'Hpgft°e 10 and from lerrr.
MALE H__l* \» AlSX±;i>.
ealPwaiTjkrT "SoTxlu "i'soT^AITEHT'
country hotel, $20; night waiter and a ort
order cook for a cafe, country, $35; oyster and
lunch man. city, $35. 0. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
ft SIGN AND HOUSE PAINTERS, CITY AND
country; buggy- washer, $40 per month and
found; 10 cooners; 20 tiemakers. MURRAY
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
/• COOKS, 835, $50, $60, $75: 3 WAITERS, $20,
'» $25. $30: 2 washers, $20, $25: shoemaker,
*7 week and found. MUK AY di READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay au ' '
6 FARMERS. $20, $25 AND $30; 3 DAIRY-
men, $20, $26 aud *30; foreman for vineyard
and orchard; choreman. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 ana 636 Clay.
LACK-sMITH FOR RANCH; 5 WIRE-NAIL
operators. $2 to $2 50 a day. MURRAY &
Ready, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay at.
bOY FOR GENERAL WORK, ASSIST. ETC.",
I • $4 a week: pig's feet shaver: shoemaker. $6
aw. board and room, etc. MARTIN'S, 749
Market su
CIOOK, $10 WEEK, CALL EARLY; KITCHEN
> Help. 1 20 and room: dishwasher. $3 50 awe k;
pastry cook and confectioner, $75; washer,
*15 to $20; broiler, $50. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
U,' AX 1 E L>— FARM ER AND WIFE WITH
'• city references, $45; coopers, farmers, office
boy. shoemakers and others. Apply to J. F.
CltOSiiTT & CO., 6-8 Sa ramento at. .. •
'AITER, BOAP.DING-HOUSiS, $25: -MAN
TT about place, $20; plow hand, |$15; ranch
cook, $.5: piano-player. R. T. W^BD & CO.
608 and 610 Clay su '
EXPEKIENCED~"VV FOR ONE OF
XJ the best houses in the city ; good salary; also a
Kood gents' furnishing goods sa! sman. U. 8. In-
dustrial Agency, room 165, Crocker building- call
to-day. . -
V, AN IN WINEHOUSK, OF GOOD CHARAC-
-ITI tor: spea< German and French: as barkeeper-
must understand mixing drinks a.so ac. for an
inside stileiujan: no other need apply. J. , box 10
Call 1 ffice. . . ' *
XPERIENCED BOY, 17 TO 19 YEARS
o.d, to drive —ilk-wagon; also man to wash
cans. 876 Folsom at. (stable), b.*t. la and 1.
I^TRONO BOY; LEARN PR, sSi NO BY
0 tailoring; pay while learning. 291 Everett at
near F. urth. .■>; '^
(CHOICEST DINNER ,6 COURSES. WINE OR
\J coffee, icecream; loc. CLIIFORD, 206 Ellis.
C^^on^: 3 W^ IJ2D - .";a«d ; :18
W T o^^e ß at T C w w e:
yy ANTED- WAITER AT 429 LARKIN St!
ii 1 8111211 AND LUNCH-Wa ITI.R —
I' 1.45 Kentucky su, Potrero; 25c t T£rfal£
ADVERTISING, SOLICITOR. 530 GOLDEN
J*. Gate aye., room 32, bet. 2 and 6 F. it -
bOOKKEEPKK (It ABILITY' SALARY «25
__Address, with referenc's:^: k' box 12 J Call
C°&C M^sufe?sU i: OU *™*- «EISSBROa'
w A^^t^t^ HOME
E^gggl^^^^ cloaks:
L> ARBERS— 8-CHAIR SHOP; A BARGAIN IF
-D sola at o , cc. DECK ELM A I,' BROS., " 06 Kill?'
, AKhEK-SHOP - FOR SALE 2 CHAIRS"
JBOJd location. 415 Hayes at" 4 * *? !
T win,°? s r COAT " A^D "pants makers
suioN &c" * country - Apply to b&u?
T VENTORS. , HAVING PATENTS . IW •■ IN-
Xventions of any kind for sale ; hou d . apply at
all of invention, >■ 215 Hansome stree:, room 12-
-patent and .rade-mar. •so icitors; : models exhio-
ited; capital secured; companies organized.'-
I ARUEST LO^'GING-WOUSii: i:. THE. city'
*J 00 rooms, to let from 10c to 15cni lir. ; 70c to
$1 60 week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard. '
pARTNER WANTED AS CASHIER AND
-- assistant pan, cash, balance paid from 1 busi-
ness: will clear over $50 mouth and board to each.
E. S., box 60, Call.
VV AN 1 ED— LABORERS AND MJiLHANICd
TT . 10 know that Ed RoUin, Reno > House proprie-
lor, atlll i runs < Denver Hoasa, 217 Third „ ■ 140
large rooms; 25c per nigh . . $1 to $3 »er wea£
..irVblllll VlTTilß^m »i » 1 I 1 ~ iiiimin' Hn ■»■■>■ WWtIH
fTKI/P ' WAXTED- Cn-nt'tin^** . _ r ' . _
IJARBER--FOREMPL^YMKNT CALL SEC.
1> P. C Barbers' Asa n.,*- KUCH». 325 (^rantave.
TOURNEY MEN KAli Kit* KiIPLOV^ENT
J secretary. H. BERNARD., 1013 seventh st. a ji
t/ARBtKa' KilUlKCl'l \"K UNION" T r '^L^?>£k
1> mem wcmary.-.iQXKAD TKOKLL. 657Cla>^
M ARBER-SHOP-1 CHAIU: - GOOD I-OCA
£j tion; ciiai.ee advance: »45. - STOLTZ.63O Mkt.
SH O E M A X E US W A I\ TE D ON MEN'S SHOES
0 to last, peg or heel. 202 Fifth st.
IV EW.. WALDO HOUSE, 765 .MISSION ST..
-LTI bet. Third and Fourth, -ipp St Patrick!
church (form-riy located at 733 Market for over
30 yeara). is one of th"C eaneat.cheape it, quiet*
best ventilated and lighted lodiiinjc-houses in the
Mate: a square house for :v. orkingu en -. i«*»dtag-
room: strictest mention to morning calls; all
single rooms: now '.he prices: Per night 15c to
60c, per we*-ksi io ■$£ 50: open all night. "
L>_CRUrfs -WANTED FOR THE UNITED
-It .- ta-.es Marine • Corns. ■ United Stales Navy:
able- bodied unmarried men. between the aeesof 21
ami do years, who are citizens of the United -tat"*,
or those who have legal y d clareu their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able to scenic, read and write English,
and between 5 fe. t a inches and 6 feet in h-*igbu
*or further Information apply fit the Recruiting
Office, -JO Ellis su. San Francisco, ral.
TV"EW GRAND. 246 THIRD-SUNNY ROOMS
xi from $1 to $3 per week: reading-room
VV A*™ :lJf ' iO i>V ijLiiLT VVAoiwld,-. i.AWvirt.
" *r»&clerm. KNuX Collection Agcy. 110 SutlM
T>OSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS. NKARTAY-
■IV lor: 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-room.
HOES! SHOES! SiIOES! NEW TO ORDKK-
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoe*
bough: or exchanged; Jar* - stock of second-baud
shoes; first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission at., near Grand opera-house.
SIMON WANTS 100 Mt.N To i,ET BOT-
. tie beer or wine sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN Til INK OK
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHNT
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C. for their $l»U0 prixa
oiler and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EST IN CITY—SING i E ROOMS, 15, 30 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, Cl 50 per wm«,
Paciflo House, Commercia: and LeidesdorS sts.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 60c.: LADIES. 40&;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Ftnck'a.S.y-
HIKY acme house, 9i>7 market ST., bk-
X low Sixth, for a room: -5c a night; $1 a wee*.
JIOOMS 160 in 76c PER NIGlll': 600 To «l uj
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm sU'
INCHKSTERHOUSE. 44THIRD ST..NEAK
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a nigh:: reading-
room: free bus an I bast^aep to and trom th*» ferry. .
ANTED— BINOLK 1;OOMS, 16c A 'DAY: il/
v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 6u * wtw*;
rfadlng-room: dally papers. I.li Clay su
"1 / i/i MEN TO TAKE LOD*.'iNU A.T 100. 150
l\i\J »nd 20c a night, including «*>**» lUiaroUi
(24 Washington gt.. near Kearnv. -
W ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE - REPAI.C
' » shoes up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repalr&i
at nig.it while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; men' i
eoling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from S2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water at,
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$^ 60. . 6-' Mission St.. bPt. Flrsr «■ . nn-t Serortl su
AGENTS \VA>'TKi>.
GENTS — "PERSONAL ReT OL L l< INS
of General Nelson A. Miles." Commander-ln-
Chief of the United states Armies ana the ereat-
est of Indian fighter; the most remarkable book
of the century: aoply at once for choice of terri-
tory. F. PERSON, manager subscription d<-!>;.
of The Whitaker & Ra. Company. 723 Market sr-.
IT'S A BIRD, -NO SALI' T' 1 I I'li li: 5..\,»
25c for sample and terms; "Lightning Scissors
Sharpener": makes Uss per day. E. C STOWE,
b>>x 841, San Jose. » al. '
1\ ANTED— AGE T TO SELL STAR MAPS:
*» liberal commission: chance 10 make big
money; amateur astronomers preferred. Apuly
or address J. M. UELLEY, rm. 27, 22V 3 Geary st.
TED— GOOD LADY OR GENTLEMEN
»» solicitors; big money and tine seller. 7 City
Hall aye.
AGENTS— HiLIDAY BOOKS; FOUR BOOKS
-c\- represented by one prospectus; first agent re-
ports 32 orders in four days; F. Person, manager
subscription Department, THE WHITAKER «*
RAY CO.. 723 Market St.
FUKMTUKE \VA>"T__.
tf"you"\vaXt GUUIJ PKIL'KS f'IJKM-
X iere and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
TTIGHER I HAN ANYWHERE PAID
XX by Indiana Auction C 0,1067 Market. opp. Jonei
1 IASH PAID FOR KNTIUE HOt'shi Oit
yj smaller lots of furniture, carpets,' etc. J.
I'.OW I HI R. 22-2 Morkmn: s ivl "ostft ■
ROOMS WASTED.
I'^N^THfT'MISsToN 4 U N F U^N ISHED^ROOM 3
for housekeeping: state terms. Address Call
branch oflice. sixteenth and Mission stg . box Z. .
■^ MONK'S WANTED.
"^^rjrT^N^i^rlu^R^GXGE, city~fropT
r?\l\i\t erty; worth $1400: 8 per cent. W. 8.,
box 103. Call ■ flice. » . ■
WANTEU-JIISCELLANEOCS.
o"^LD^oTD^3^riiTvlsß^BoTG^TTTTE^vin^
VJ ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1133% Mission.
EAUTIFUL SPITZ DOG: ALSO A ST. BEK-
-D nard dog for sale. S3B Msslon st. ,
TJILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES,
1J doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
■ eiry to A. KLF. 109 Sixth St.: senilnost-.il.
BICYCLES.
Hr~tO. price lf8S; rare oppor.unity; every wheel
I guaranteed. DAVIS BROS., Cycle Department.
25 Geary sU '
lOii sa__— ._J.si___A:>_otis.
sk for" sol ri aire' di amoxdhing-
price $40; worth $80. Unc:*s Harris. 15 Grant a!
ECORDS OR CHARTS AT 10c EACH- MA-
Xt sonic. Odd Fellows, Knights of Pythias- lot of
oil paintings; curtain-poles, 20c each; gilt room-
molding, l^c per foou JONES. 647 Mission st.
7AA YOUNG ciiickensThorse. wagon"
i \J\r harness, cow and all tools: for sale chean.
Inquire 25 Third st. l , utsap<
GIRr.AT DANE THOKOUOHBRED PUPS 8
VJT weeks old, cheap. DREYER, 4409 Twenty
fourth at. . .. . .
ALF INTEREST IN PHOTOGRAPH GAL-.
lery; Market st. Ad. H. DOW. 1001 Geary.
ONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARK
the beau W. S. RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
LARS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
«> Ing, etc.. toughtand gold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
T A BARGAIN— SAMPLES RATTAN
chain, rockers, etc.: also a few fine baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First St.. near Mission.
L>OILERs.ENGINEs,jD-haNl) MACHINERY"
U water-pipes. Mclntosh<fc Wolpman. 137 Beale.
0" NE SMALL MEDIUM AND -LARGE-SIZE!
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market BU.
/-tOi- FEE .>iILU SCALED _-.TTr.iC PK*-S-"
_V^j^lHlL'. lph ' < - "">n» ■ tin. Mif*. Dion '■■ «-|- *
' SsJt,»Vl.Nli aiAClixAiiS.
4 LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGEIX
- £2_£f»j^g_r''t'alrp(l : n-.vi-,: m- ■». 205 Fourth *•!
KUL'CAXIOMAI. ~
H BALD'S BUS. NESS COLLEGE. 24 POST
St.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages. Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc; ad
teachers; 16,000 graduates: catalogue.
A YRES 1 , THK LEaDINu COLLEGE, 32*
~ ■ Montgomery st. ; individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc;
me scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
"OICE, PHY A CULTURE AND ELO-
cution; latest and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOI'X, 3915 California st. -
L> OOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
1J oryear's course free: only accountant teaching.
TARIt, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less an I
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and nlghu
KLA.-CO 1 .- LYCKUM SCHOOL OK ACTINi.—
1 Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mk;
OCJiOOLELECTRICAJ-, CIVIL. MINING, .M .-„'
0 chauical engineering, surveying, archltectnre-
.•^ssay : estab. ; 64. VAN DERNAILLEN. 733 Mm.
PROF. I. GUIS MERKI; VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary.nr. Powell.
/"I UITAR, MANDOLIN. i'IANO AND VOCAI4
VJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Wgatnann. 39 Fifth.
INGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German langoages;32mo. 109Taylor,r7.
. |>OOlCKi'.m.. \» . . >-•• AKi . iw>l I'C'-. .;a..i ;
J > >I«V.C -. -■■ R . .< -■ ■
"■ ■ - :i: ■ Lua i- ..:..-.'.- : ; ~~~
Y'OST— LARGE YELL » W NEWKOUNDIjAND
J -t dog; black head: answers to name of Cat. tain;
return same to cor. Tenth and Mission sts., receive
rewan. B. WURTHMANN. ■ .
I -LACK -NEWFOUNDLAND- PUP ABOUT 8
. li months old: nocollar; liberal reward. Return
to DR. BRYANT, 820 Sutter St.
I o-T — A YELLOW.- .-Pl'IZ LOG WITH
I'- license 2021. > Return to 237 Fourth at. and
save trouble; party is known. •
T OHT— FOX TERRIER BITCH; Tan HEAD 7
JLj tan ,sd it on hip: answers to name of Fanny-
liberal rewara. •; 345 Ph -lan bmliiu.-. J •
I OsT - SMALL BBKASTPJ \ . WITH RR?S
J j sione. bet. Taylor ant: B;\enth: rcwaru offer ',1"
MISS B.HENJN ING, 419 Geary. • M * Kd ' '•
ti AY. MARE AND2^PRING MILK V. AGO<rl
li horse branded with ring and dot: cut ni i_vJr
hind leg. Return to 1607 Harmon at. rewMd'to
questions asked. •— , : ■ ■- ' ' c "««a, no
I OSr— EGLISH SETTER; DOG With
\j license; return to 200 second st. : re vvar J $_■ 50.
I ST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIR uv tT
I Savings and Loan Society of snn v»« , . A
the name of hTEPHKN D BUBmi T*S«ftr?
re^rn^bant* * 58 '- 96 - T^« -^« wiU 0 1£PPSINKSS C_tAKCXH.
"cJ'T^'n" GROCUKY ANi> BAB DOING FESB
rtjs l<l". bar trude: cheap rant und the place is
■nifikiiis: money; invst nation will show this a
rare Investment: 'I. LUBKL6KI; 7 City Hall aye.
Q*y^7> BUI Oil .-.it -SHOP- Tn"l» PTTiTk-
O_• '" '. s ore: doing good business and location
the finest; a baieatu. 1. LUBELs-Ki, 7 City
Hall ■■'••• .
"^"V*}"> FINE SALO> NAD 15 FURNISH-
•!?--—'<-'• ed rooms, all rented, and the place is
doing flat; business: this is a chance of a lifetime;
loca ed on water front. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye. . :
Ci'/M) SALOONI J-INE as A ROaD-
C?-''''. housp: doing $30 to $35 each Sondav;
cheap ri-n ; fine buy for any one wishing saloon on
•ran Krutio roat. T. LUBi-.LSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SI * ' "\ H **'**- buttling business
»_ 1 _«M. and route: ""lung 14- barrels per
week, with fine, long-established tr d.- : .his is the
linest barcain Offered of the kind; fullest 11.-
-vestigatlon. T. LLB, I.SKI, 7 City Hall ay. .
tt7T\j \ P . A RTNiv Rl FINELY ESIAH-
«4DUOV/. lished, paying business fullestln-
vrstigntioi) and a rare chance seldom had V \
LUL'KLSKI. 7 City Hail aye.
Q°?7 FISK CHANCE; LIVKRY and
'•V.*^ ' boar>l!tlK stable for sale: clearing
*250 per month: established : .5 years- actual
value In sight for $4000; 70 stalls: -JO boar ers-
large permanent livery custom; located near Mar-
ket st. : very low rent; iv 1 investigation allowed;
owner is leaving the State, but will remain with a
I '■uver until fully posted. Apply KENNY _ CO.,
917 Market St., near Fifth.
""ft -1 ( I i) GOOD OPENING FOIt 2 PERSONS;
tip — V/W. grocer-, candy, cigar, tobacco and em-
eral variety store for sale: the best business loca-
tion in the city; good trade: bound to double in the
hands «f active people: selling on account of ai;e:
2 livlnl-roomsi low rent. Apply K. KENNY _
< a, 917 Market st.
K/.RE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY: saloon
on Market st., near City Hall; large stoc_
wines and liquors: 2 cash registers, sale, hand-
some bar and backb r: cost to fit up $3000: owner
retiring from business: no agents: bargain. Par-
ticulars as KO5 McAllister St., 12 to it .
OK," STATIONERY STOKE FOR SALE;
no reasonable offer refused for the $6000
■ stock, fixtures, etc., as the owner must leave he
city by January 1: agency for S. F. Call and U. to.
FOBtoinc£. Address s., box 102, Call Office.
ONtS-ESTABI.ISHED. WKLL-PaYING Sl A-
■i tionery business: must be sold at once as
owner was called East on account of death; will be
sold for ?3500, wonh *600 U. Address Prosper ty,
box l:-0. Cull Office. .-- .p- ,-...
ADY OR GENTLEMAN WITH ABOUT $200
as partner to open bakery and restaurant in a
live miii place in California. Address O. N.,
Golden Gate Hotel, Fourth su ' T\. .:
QjnAn BUt-INKSS, PORTLAND, OK.;
• O"iV'" I . paying $175 per month: good chance
to Increase. Inquire C E. N.AYLOR, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
ANTED— ACTIVE MEN WITH $2000
a-, partners in a hardnood lumber sawmill: a
good chance; making money. Inquire, tor two
days, at 822 Valencia St., upstairs. - i ? : J .-'.-
OOD~OPPORTUNIT V IfOR A BUSINESS
man wltn $325 capital In an established coal-
oil route; $4 profit average daily. Address Coal,
box 138, Call.
<_7/Wv BARGAIN; COUNTRY SALOON !-lZ
»iP I yj\J. San Francisco. Apply H. ii. COVERT.
218 California «t. .
AN WITH $500 CAN PROCURE FINE
position by wages and fnterest in manufactur-
ing concern. Call 142 Third si.. staliouery->tore.
- J>l v)~ VERY ELEGANTLY RNls_>;Tr
V I -«'■ restaurauU Apply D. McRAE, 827
Mission st.
Vj-iUKNITURE, GLASSWARE AND CROCK"
x cry business for sale cheap; low rent 1121 2
Market st,. -~ ■-. v
©1 flf\f\ BEST-ESTABLISH ED BUSINESS:
X \J\J\J. clears monthly ¥300; no opposition.
_ box 161, this office.
LACKS MITH BUSINESS FOR SALE:
I' cb cap rent: tools furnished. Call on or address
T. V. M aHONEY, 358 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz.
• r\ OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT:
vT first-class oyster or chop house for sale; good
• location; owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st,
E\\ .SPAPEK KUUIK IN INTi.IUOK CITY
i> dose to Sau t r_ic_cj. For particulars apply
this office. ■'"y^r^f.
pART.N'EB WANTED IN A GUOD-PAYLNG
X business. 722 Uowara st. t .
OOD CORN— it CIGAR- STAND, CHEAP:
car terminus 1100 Kentucky st_, Potrero.
1 \RJNKING -SALOON: A BARGAIN: with
XJ dwelling. 650 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
QALiH.N FOR SALE. INQUIRE LEVY _
C CO., 791-795 Mission st.
QOXA PARTNER IN STATIONERY AND
C —OVJ. notion business. Apply 116 Ninth st
. >■) CIGAR-STOKES: LIVING-ROOMS; CHEAP;
— sickness. 1127 Mission st.
ESTAURANT— HALF INTEREST CHEAP;
remaining partner there 7 year*. 1241 Market.
. L IRST-CLASS CUTTER WANTS PARTNER
i In tai oring business. Ad. M. S. box 85, Call.
rOKSA.E- GUOD-PAYING LUNCH STAND;
5- cor. Kearny and Montgomery aye.; trial given.
ESTAURANT AND OYSTER HOUSE AT
a sacrifice. 1416 Howard st- : ca 1 before noon.
<> 1 (\l\ SaLoT)N SACRIFICED; OWNER
»1T ■» \J\J. going away. 3 Howard bu. cor. East-
HOE*H iP FOX. SALE; GOOD CHANCE
for a shoemaker. 28 East St.. near Market.
ranch bakery— paying WELL; milk
trade pays rent. Apply Call Office.
08-PRI ..TING OFFICE. CALL BET. 12 TO
0 J, 3 to 5, 4 California St., room 5.
] Ti">Oß SALE— HOME BAKERY AND DELI-
x cacy business. Inquire at 1125 Valencia st.
LOR SALE — CANDY AND ICECREAM
X store. 133 Taylor st. '-.-■•.■.■.•;■->:'
OUTE FOR SALK ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
auire at Call Office.
W_«K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
_OX>_IXG-UOI7S__ iok sale.
OA-KDOM HOUSE, CLEARING $500 $4000
CV/ 66-room corner house, new furnituie.. 3000
20 rooms, on 4th St., clearing $80. only 400
3 > rooms on Market s'., offer wanted. 850
« 12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
C«l7^ 11-KOOM HOUSE; WORTH $500:
<£) X 10. must 8B:I. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
MIST BE SOLD THIS WEEK: FLAT OF 6
rooms; bath; bay-windows; nicely furnished;
rent 520: bargain. UNDERWOOD _ Co., 765
Market st. . /
"I 9 ROOMS, HANDSOME FURNITURE. $400
-1 — 18 rooms, window corner 650
50 rooms, near Baldwin, easy payments ... 1800
15 rooms, tiae furniture, modem bouse 275
■25 rooms, elegant furniture ;.. 2500
UNDERWOOD & CO« 765 Market St.
ODGING-HOUSE OF 28 ROOMS FOR SALE:
good reliable house from which good living
can be made: moderately good furniture and low
rent. 916 Howard st.
00 ROOMS: RENT $25; 11 ROOMS FUR-
±-\J nished; good business. 547 Howard.
09 ROOM-: MUST BE SoLI) AT ONCE; CEN-
O-. triil locot.on. c ears over $100 per month. _.
H1LL..997 Market St., cor. >lxm. . -
7- LODGING - HOUSKS: ALL PRICKS:
I>J money loaned ai low Interesu PHELPS
_ CO.. 917 su
X/1Q HOWARD ST.-LODG ING-HOUSE OF 36
• \j~X~O rooms and saloon for sale.
EST INVESTMENT IN TOWN: 15 WELL-
furnished rooms; good reason lor selling. 614
Sacramento at.
(1> 1 U[\l\ A BARGAIN— LODGING- HOUsE
' iIrIUUU. in Oakland: 41 rooms; all occupied:
rlrst-class roomers, paying fine; rent $100; good
location. A. I). BOWLEY, room 310, Sate Do-
posit bulldl •;. '•■'. <
~~ ' t'UKNITUK— JbOU SALE,
OLK .s_W •IOKK US COMPLEIED A.. D \V ,:
are In it: four floors, running from Mission it
Minna St., In ail \y% acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and la
endless variety: if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pairof Dlan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing: our numbers are 1017,
1019, 1021 and 1023 Mission su, above sixth. J.
OO AN. .■' . ■■ - . -■': :■■ -'»
HAS. M. .PLUM & CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
V 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery. Goods.
A(\l\ CAKPI-.TS; CHAMBER •BEI S. $14.
4vH' stoves, $5: parlor eets. $20: folding-bed
510: bar outfits. T. St. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
\T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
_r\. lowest prices on household goods; new or gcoJ
as new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings. •
17" ING FURNITURE CO..II27 -29-31 MARKET,
i-— furnish 4 rooms, $-8 t0 950; best bargains In
city. . ' f ■--...' ; .-.■-. '
UCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
J) prices; furniture, carpets; all grades. 866 -Mis-
sion st. _____________________________
t" 11 RNITURK, CARPETS, ETC., AT A GREAT
X I bargain and flat 10 let. 150- Guerrero st.
IpUR.MTURK. STOVES, CARPETS. COUN-
-1 ters. showcaoes. ANDKRSOV. 1121 Market <t-
CAKA'—X" C_lfiAJSl>U. ■■
CrrviiTKAJl CABPBT CL_ASa^O~WoIUr?;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
M*r, 38 and 40 l.lgnth si.; telephone South 250.
1 IAhPJSTS • L— A-NKD AN_» _IK.\OVAT__
\J llknuew fERGUsON*-— CO.. -3 Tenth: i«.
tonih »a v mackintosh <feco.r moimiman.
Tl. r HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTKD WITH
"" poorworksend to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet healing Works, 353- fr7 Tuhama St.; t«l. So. 40.
. A DVAKCE CARPKT CLEANING CO.. 40i
1 Butter. u-\. Main 394. B. s. KKKGUSON,man,-r.
[ *T E. MITCHELL. -CLEAN ING CO..
■ ___• 2*o 14'.h st. : cleaning »c a yard. Tel. Mis. .74.
\j v'._i'jm- u.mAh.,,*i; La Yl.N<». .So: liU *
A-'t.Hmpei irep; mi. J. S si« y44.-.Mralton. 19ftth t'..
I ) V '-. '-'»-' .>,_ , , , M^.l.Vu \\ ur._o TTi
W Golden <;_ t - .. v ,. . . .,,,,.■, mi ;.j,j '• - ._'
*-4 A YAIt D AT-UKKAT W_bi_ttN CAKP-F
•> C.eanlng Works. .11 Eighth at- '-
.1 O _!*S fc * Cv - -MAIN OFFiCI. __ &3D 21
v Eighth s:. ; tel. Jessie 3061
HOt*"sTS TO f.KT.
9 -ROOM HOtJHR AND BATH. 14GUY PLACE,
oil First, n-i>r I'olsom si.
OUSK OF 18 ROOMS TO LET AS 2 FLATS
or as a whole. Apply 958 Mission St.
room*, bath, yard: also three
rms, yard, basement. Oft* Folsom, bet. 2d <fc 3d.
O>U CHEAP; 5 ROOMS; PART OF HOUSE
•fiW. in good order. 3U3 First, cor. Folsom.
OUsK 5 ROOMS AND 26 LO 1 FOR KENT
on Sixteenth aye., >-onth San Francisco. Ap-
ply 559 Mission St., J. R. RINES.
<>(7l (i CALIFORNIA — 8 ROOMS. BATH.
— • ' 1 './conservatory : hot-air heaters; p-rfect order
TTOIJSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH, 2251 MI-
IX sion, near eenth: rent $20. Apply 3148
Twenti- th bu ■
i)ii OAK, NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS 3
--•/ floors, each separate tor liousekeepinir; newly
paper*!: painted: siuiittry plumbing: fine loca-
! tion for renting rooms: cheap rent; go and see it.
TF YOU WANT A HOUSK, STORE OR FLAT
X eet one of our complete primed lists. BOVE_,
TOY & K'NNTAG, 30 Montgomery st.
uLSKS IO KENT ■ FOX VERY LITTLE
mouoy at BALDWIN _ HAJ-MOND'S. 10
Ts\ s * **. -* -"* ;: ■
J-'UtUNHiU-U IIOUSKS.
XTJSW FURNITURE OF AN b-ROOM HOUSE;
_> will sell at a sacrifice; house can be leased.
J. E., box 135, Call Office.
UNNY FURNISHED FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
0 modern- garden; cheap. 1332 Union st., nr.
Polk. :
\T_WLY FURNISHED SUNNY UPPER
_M flat: modern: cheap. Apply 10 to 1, > :514vii
Sutter st.
ATIOELY FURNISHED UPPER FLAT, 7
IN rooms. 2721 Jackson s-.. near Scott.
_I_EGAN I_Y FURNISHED HOI FOR
J- rent; 1109 Bush s:. Inquire 318 Poal St., top
floor. j
1-UIINISHED —■TH rt NICHOLAS HOTEL,
X 1 San Bruno aye., n«>ar Army st. ; reasonab.e
terms; or for sale. NICOL, 534y_ California st.
COTTA _S Ti *__j L jg T J^^ <^ i . ij^^_
T_ITYOirirRKNT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
tage in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel- $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
3207 Twenty-second gt. : office open evenings.
~ i^T£TU^LKT.^ ;^^
Tv^AVTED AT ONCE— GOOD TENANTS TO
>» rent at reduced rents. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. >
1 irk< 1 LAKKIN-rNFURNISHED SUNNY
X _U«!/ flat 4 rooms; every convenience; reut
reasonable.
UNNY MIDDLE FLAT 4 HOOJI-; BATH;
yard. 10 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth: $18.
I^OK KENT— SUNNY LOWER FLAT. 814
X 1 California sU; inquire on premises.
rtio FRANKLIN. NEAR MCALLISTER— S
»)__,-> sunny rooms; bath; rough basement; rent
$'J2j water free ■
_> 1»> NICE UPPER FLAT FIVE SUNNY
tj{> _._. . rooms. 33% Moss sl, oS Howard, near
Seventh. ■>
ill. ity NEW MIDDLE BAY-WINDOW FLAT
Jp i_- . S lig.it rooms: bath: gas; tubs. 909 Fol-
som St., near Fifth. ) . : .--A •:; '*;-'
WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS:
1 batli ami pas: fine yard: $12 and $14; water
free. S9:"*--39i'O Nineteenth St.. near Noe. None
but responsible parties need apply; cheapest fiats
In the city.
n> HK !<M ANN," COB. STEVENSON, JUNC-
-.0 tion Market and Valencia— Flat four unfur-
nished rooms.
(2J-I - FLAT . ROOMS AND BATH. 1-9 ASH
t_> 1. 1). aye., off Van Ness, near >IcAlllsut._
FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH: WITH STABLE;
18 Byington St. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
I O'lQ EDDY— IN GOOD ORDER; RENT $10.
»_> AND 4 ROOM FLAT; LARGE YARD;
0 stables. 2 Hay ward su, Harrison, near Eighth.
<_ 1 ' FLvT; 4 NICE ROoMS, BATH. 1513
0 1 O. Taylor St., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
5.10 NEW UPPER' FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
tip 10. modern. 135 Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-
third. -.■- ■ I
1 '-^Si FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLATS, ONE
100 3 rooms, one 7 rooms: baths.
WO SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS,
-L bain; reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe s;., cor. Bryant.
= -ROOM. MODERN, SUNNY FLATS; $18
0 and $20. 9-0 Pine St., Nob Hill.
4 GEARY COURT. OFF GEARY, NEAR
1 Jones-Modern Mat: 5 rooms and bath; $20.
1 Ai^U JESSIE, BEE. THIRTEENTH AND
__i)O »urteenth— Flat 3 rooms: no children.
UNNY LOWER 4-ROOM MODERN FLAT;
O _3 Va Prosper st., off Sixteenth, half block from ;
Market; rent $14, water free. - -
qu Tfl MODERN sunny upper flat; 6
tP ■ D. rooms: bath, cellar; 419 Jersey s>, near
Castro: water free.
«) I 1 FELL— SUNNY FLATS, 4 AND
OX _ 5 rooms earn: bath; rent reasonable.
NEW SUNN* FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
bath and all modern improvements; rent re-
duced. 637 Natoma st. - •
ODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6 ROOMS, $8 TO
$16: see them. 623 a Seventh St.
/• CHOICE i-UNNY ROOMS: UPPER FLAT;
vJ modern Improvements: 825. 1706 a Hyde.
1 7, ,!• POST— 3 AND* ROOM oUrJNYFLATS;
X I "O garden: bath: $13 and $16.
'LA is '1O ±tE.\T t'uH VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
» vS'E_K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THB
A WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, tor mailing.
.fclOLb_K._._PlNO BOOMS?
- Brannan Street.
7OK .BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH—
I — •' sunny kitchen and bedroom: furnished; $8
Broderick Street.
1 71 7 BRODERICK, NEAR PINE— PARLOR
'HI floor In private family, 4 rooms; use of
bath; lorge yard and cellar; no children; $22 50.
(RIM _ CO., 118 Montgomery »U
lirj'Hiit Street.
C"l I BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— NICE t?UN-
-0 1 X ny suite; front: $2 50 per week.
\ Buena Vista Avenue.
I C BUENA VISTA AYE., OFF HAIGHT ST.—
XO Two sunny furnished rooms for 'housekeep-
ing; bath: gas. ' .
i.ubii Street. . %
f*n~l BUSH— FINE SUNNY FURNISHED OR
\)—X unfurnished rooms; light housekeeping;
with or without board.
Clinton Park.
999 CLINTON PARK— SUNNY CN-
_-— .— furnished room?: light housekeeping.
_— ur Sii'ee..
Ofj' EDDY— PLEASANT HOUSEKEEPING
')\'O room; also room suit two gentlemen; pri-
vate family.
_Rle Street.
AH KRIE— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
— I sunny rooms: large grounds. .
in ill .iireei.
OOX FIFTH— CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUBE-
O—.U keeping; 2,,510; 3, $13; single, 95.
Fourteenth Street.
OAK FOURTEENTH, NR. HOWARD -"-4
£.\iq W ell lighted, also sunny, rooms: $10.
llaiglit Street.
1 (\(\ HAIGHT — 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
1 \J\J rooms: private family.
'■«w»rn Stre«i.
C"l O HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS,
. \.~, kitchen; $6 to $12; cooking utensils fur-
nished. . •
1 070 How ARD-WELL-FUR.MSHEDSUN-
-I\J %\J ny front suite and kitchen; bath; $16.
— yUe Street.
609 n , ,DE-3 ROOMS; FURNISHED COM-
cluded P e> * 18 ' ligntin « ; gas free; water ln-
• nu« sureo;.
f> 9% JONES-NICE. SUNNY FRONT ROOM
ut-KJ for housekeeping: use of kitchen; man
and wife, or two men. Call after 3p. M.
Mason Street.
39fi MASON-3 COMPLETELY FURNISHED
O-.U housekeeping rooms (sunny), with bath. - '
OlcAllisier sirec:.
422 McALLISTER-2 on 3 SUNNY ROOMS
_^_ for housokeeplng. "«_.»
Aioss Street.
1 O MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH-S
XO fnrnUaed rooms, complete for housekeeping.
Octavia Street. ■ ■
1 ZUIQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-BAY-WIV-
X_"Odow, kitchen; other housekeeping
rooms; $7 up ' .-. v •
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 3
sunny housekeeping rooms: well furnished.
; * ItllH, ~~~ ~
1 009 POLK, COR. GKAKY-JJICE SUITE OF
IVU- front sunny rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping: separate kitchen: modern apart-
ment house; new building; fine mantel: sink in
kitchen: gas stove; rent $17 50, $20, $22 60; refa.
Post Street. /
I i'AOl POST ST.;- NEAR LAGUNA— 3 COM-
XUV/_-3 pletely furnished: housekeeping rooms:
front and second parlor; private family; rent !
cheap. .- ■ .
. eeventn Mree..
• ■ •" ■ - ■: ■-. '. -- ■ ■ -.■■::-.^ I -V T - I
1 Qft SEVENTH— 2 ■ SUITES »OF ROOMS;
XOU nicely furnished for housekeeping.
". • ' - ■•-. . - ----.■-...... _ ■ ■.:-.'..'.-:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JNOVKxUBER 13, 1596.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Shotwell Street. ~~
917 SHOTWELL- -2 SUNNY, CONNECTING
_; 1 I rooms, furnished complete for housekeep-
Ing.
Stockton icieou
m-613 STOCKTON, NR. PINE— FLOOR OF
■ 3 and suite of 2 unfurnished rooms; garden.
butter Street.
709 SUTTER. Nil. -ONES—NICELY FUR-
• •J— nished housekeeping rooms: rent cheap.
Twentieth Street.
_»R99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA— 2
OW-..- sunny housekeeping rooms.
Vaienrl 1 Street •
9fifi VALENCIA— 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
-«" rooms; furnished lor housekeeping; bath;
gas: rent $1 4. - :
I—ll NeKH Avenue.
91 VAN NFS?? — NEWLY FURNISHED
«-x housekeeping room; also single room. |
Q-| VAN NESS — HAND-OMELY FUK-
- V— -• nished parlor floor: aor 3 rooms and kitch-
en: complete for housekeeping; newly carpeted
and furnished; sun day select neighborhood;
reasonnble; all conveniences, etc.
HUUJIS TO __*_. —
liut.li Streec.
1909 BUSH— SMALL FURNISHED ROOM;
— ■--— Street.
41 EDDY. COR. MAS N, 1 BLOCK FROM
_;X Baldwin— Rooms by day, wee_ or month;
transient.
qi 7 EDDY— LARGE sunny "NICELY FUR-
c/X I nlsbed room: splendid location.
*-".» *)trB«:.
THF. KAMONA, ISO ELLIS: Milk KATRI
-I >lART. manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly lurnlshed: elevator: hot _ cold water.
791 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM; BATH;
I -.'X suitable for 1 or 2; rent $7. .
OOn ELLIS — SUNNY ROOMS ON FIRST
( »>«/ 110 >r; single or doable; suitable for young
ladles: rent reasonable. -
— -'kiitrt Slloo..
C HERMAN ATAKT-MENT HOTT&R. 5« KTH
kJ »:.. near Market: iuriilshe.l »ml iinfurnl^h«J.
Jtnih Street. *
OAQ FIFTH — NEW MODERN HOUSE;
OVJiJ newly furnished suite: floor: Kitchen
if desired : also other rooms, complete for housekp'g.
'- ;"\--". - l'olfcom sires;.
1 o'l 9 FOLSOM— A LARGE SUNNY UN-
■l'Ji- furnished front room: grate, washstand,
closets. '--■.-.'
J Illtnil Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall — Elegant suites: singles: transient.
Geary Street.
AAC GEARY (THE N AVARRE)-FURNISH-
'iKJO ed rooms; board optional; room with ele- i
gant folding-bed.
AQCi GEARY— SUNNY. COMFORTABLE,
"OU home-like suites and single rooms; quiet.
I 1 ill GEARY (the martin COR-
X X\JX Van Ness— Fine suites; newly furnished.
ooiUen li ate ATtuut,
1014 GOLDEN GAT_ AVB., NR. JEFFER.
■I U I _ son Park; sunny front alcove room:
kitchen.
Hickory Avenue
SQ 138 HICKORY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS,
tpo, with yard and hall.
uuuea Street.
OAT 1 — THK AX Wn»ltl,K: XF.W
— - vy • man—cement: rlegant rnnn.T sol ten and
uncle: newly furnished: bain. etc: »10 to SMti
.. «._rnv Mini..
9Q KEARNY— FINE FURNISHED ROOMS; '
— •> reasonable. [
t KLJNGTON HOUSE, 137 KKARKT —
-\ Pleasant sonny rooms, en suite and singltt: tiru
leu In every respect: terms reasonaol*-.
X._r_in >.reo..
AOA I.ARKIN. COR. TURK— FURNISHED
_:_.U front room; -replace; ft*. -",-- •
y(\ A LARKIN ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
CU- rooms, double and single; $5 and $6.
—•eavuii-vvori.il -treet.
Of\(i LEAVEN WORTH — LARGE SUNNY
O\JU parlor*; single rooms; running water; gas;
bath.
llarkut Stree;.
VOBEMITR HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
X nicht. BSc to *1 : week. *1 60 to *5: families.
_cAiiiit«r Street.
99 A1 MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
-- — ' -'3 gant front rooms, suitable doctors.dentlsta.
.■•i.ii.i -use..
OC7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NKWLY FUR-
U _ I nished bay-window rooms; SI per week.
v J»i»Mun < . .oil.
1 P^Q 1 MISSION— NICE SUNNY FRONT
XO_.£7a rooms, furnished; rent moderate.
-<•ai.uiii.-t Street.
79Q NATOMA— NEWLY FURNISHED
I _._* rooms for gentlemen. $4 and $5.
> <!«• Street.
'dl p: PUITE PARLORS; SEPARATE KIT-
«pl O. chen and range; sink; bath; garden. 123
Noe st.
■ :*: iin«« street.
/^9l PINE; ROOMS 96 UP; RUNNING
yj^-X water, gas, sunny, quiet. Gentlemen only.
i o.k street.
1 9AX POLK — FURNTsHED OR UNFUR-
X~\JO nished sunny rooms: reasonable. '
I'owoll street.
99c POWELL, CORNER GEARY—
_-_-tJ from single room; basement room: $6.
Miin s.rti-;.
30 ELEGANT ROOMS: NEW FIRIS-
-00 proof building; all conveniences: qnlet.
'•piEDMONj," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
--COUII MlliUl. " \.--
CAQ SECOND— LARGE FURNISHED
O\JO front room, with grate.
* ->>er , reo .
ci a sutter-nicely furnished par-
t-»J-T lor suite: low rent.
7A-J SUTTER (SAN REMI) — ELEGANT
1 UJ newly furnished rooms, suite or single.
1111 SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED
— XXX rooms: en suite or single: reasonable.
- ■«)iur 1 root.
m TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISH D SUN-
ny front suite or single; also others; tran-
sient.
COQ TAYLOR (THE "UTICA")-2 SUNNY
_»_-_/ rooms, with bath, suitable lor gentleman
only: $12 per month.
Valencia Street.
101 1 VALENCIA-2 UNFURNHEDRMS;
X\J XVJZ matted 1 front, Dack parlor: bath; $10.
Webster Street.
91 C WEBSTER -SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
— <±U furnished.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — Ti_s
WEEKLY CALL, in -vraoacr. for manina
BOAItUINU AM) KOOMS.
D LEA 8 A NT~ROOM"A N d bo a rd^fohTlad y"
X references; $15. 2115 Howard. '
7I 9 POST - SUNNY ROOMS; SUITABLE
I X _i for a: excellent board; $20; parlor; piano.
0 I 9 EDDY (HEATii)-ELEGA >T SUNNY"
_!_. bay-window suite*; single; board; refer-
ences.
H-ii\ PINE (KENOVA): ELEGANT APART-
I _-«^ ments, lurnlsned or unfurnished. with su-
pc lor board; travelers solicited: references.
C/W VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHEDsUnT
OUO ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OTEL BERTLINO, 714 HUSH ST.— A FA M-
lly hotel; references given and required: ail
modern conveniences. . '
•;■ CUiX.X»K_N liOAliX»KI). ;;. - '-• '
AHA. •"' :I * ! *IE— WANTED. AN INFANT OR
111) child to board; mother's care.
EFINED HOME- FOP. CHILD; ONE COW'S
milk. Apply 2013 Seventeenth st.
EFINED PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD
at 1727 McAllister St.; tine care; terms mod-
erate. ■ --. -.-.l'-':-'. ■ ■•■; :- ■ ..  :
hlOKiiS iO __,
'J7^K~7r£N-72al'oTrE~ A^D ATTACHED
1 residences; $15 and iE23. ' Inquire a. 22U Mont-
pomery vo., near PaclHc. '
STABLES TO £,__. ~~"
TO L> T— STABLE WITH 7 STALLS; . ON
Twentieth St.: near Mission: r»nt $10.
.. X_i»iiWKlT_:KS. — —
AYE YOU SEEN THE NEW PEERLESS
ty pewriter and I otary Duplicator? They stand
*t the head. JOHN F. MEYERS _CO.,947 Marke. .
A gen is smith PREMIER: also rent
and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. _M. AL-
EXANDER _ CO., 110 Montgomery st., write for i
circular. '<.vfK3ntfBßW%S_&v_M£AKSj'^j>v^
REMINGTON, *40: SMITH, SEND FOR
-.^sample work. i TAB AN KAN, 833_lontg'/
r rnsox a t,-.'
T F PERSoIT'wHO^FOukD B_AC_THASf_I
X bag in toilet near aviary, Golden Gate Park on
election day will return same to ll»9Va Hayes st ■
liberal reward. .' ' : . ■ ■ ■
iT IS A PLEASURE TO iiE TO MAKE AN
X unlovely head of hair beautiful; and It is a
pleasure for you to have It done so cheaply (25c)-
-•Quinonia" Hair Tonic 35c a bottle; switches 81*.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton et. -
I UTS, SCIATICA. CATARRH. DISEASES OF
women. DR. 1 ZY. 413% Kearny, 1 104 p.m.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A Sl'E-
cialty; private; nocbar^e unless successful* aU
law suits, claims, collection!, wilU, deeds etc. at-
Itnded 10. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law. «5Q Market iC
KGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED ■ WIT H-
out pub'.icliy: advice free aDd confidential.
J. G. "JEFFREYS. 401! Montgomery st.. room 18.
EAZOB EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment: fine edge put on razor for '.25 cents. ■ •
'1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur.
nlsbed for $1; call or write. 1029 C* Mar_«K »_,
»wi. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
pbctal SALE LADIES' cloaks AND
0 suits— Ladies' jackets. $2 50 up; canes- *l 50
up; suits $8 up. M. BARRY, rooms 44. 45, 46
14 Ulster st. ■ -
AGNISCOPE - NEW. PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses the kinetoscope films; price 8"5Ul
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market au
J""^ N. BRITTAIN, 20 GEARY ST., FOR FIVE
. watch repairing and jewelry work; low
prices; flrst-clas» worit. . . - , ■
'ILL J-NNIE R. HAMBERTON OF OAK-
"" land please call at the Northern l'aciric Rail-
way office, 638 .Market St., S. F.
pAINTING; PA PEKING. TINTING AND
-I- whitening: cheapest place for good wore. 1200
Webster st-, cor. Eddy; telephone Stelner 235.
ARTINGTOiVS SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE'
and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenlnz !
Classes; Instructors. J. H. E. Panlnßtoa. Gertrude
Partlngton. K. L. f>artinc-ton. Particulars 424 Pine.
GO TO 60» THIRD; CHEAP PaINTINuT
papering whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
QCPK RFLUO V HAIR PERMANENTLY* RE-
-0 moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH
2115 Bush, below Fillmore; hrs, 2to 8, ex. Th i_ Sa.
U ITs. CLEANED, PRESSED, *1; REPAIKS !
Odyelngdone. 26 Montgomery, r. 14; tel. red 2374. '
\,\, ATCHES, DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL i
i '» kinds at reduced price?: musi move; building
to be torn down. ■ 6 and 7 Third su j
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; No PAY !
until cured: send for book. DRS MANS.
FIELD _ PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
1 (Kill LARDS, * x 60: SHOW CARDS. 15o:
IUUU tel. black 14L HILL. 22 Geary, rm 39!
CLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
/ wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
'PKU.NKs DELIVERED 25c BAY CIT
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutler; tel. Grant 67.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs, etc.. removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co.. 226 Turn, nr. Leavenwort-
T)IG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-'
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artlatioat-
vertleements in living light; promoters of bun-
Cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market li.
LECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market-
'•MO rooms. 26c to 91 60 per night: 91 60 to 96 pec
weeit: free bus and baggage to and from the Terry.
"I IBKKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, j_W-
Xj «>lry. etc. : lowest rate*. D4B Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIE-f
Oothlne bought. COLMAN. 41 So. cor. Jeg*it».
■jKLSS.tIAh.rJKS. ~
JU'l GEARY— WE MAKE ELEGANT AND
" lvJi stylish dresses, 95 up; also dresses made
over.
TYLISH SUITS FROM *3 UP: SKIR»s7Sc
>J up: fit guaranteed. 559^ Stevenson st.
RESSES. %•£ UP: WRAPPERS. 50c UP;
lawn. $1 in., 51)53.^. Natoma at., above Sixth.
CLAIKVOVANTS.
MMTi. DR. THUMAS, bCIENTIFIC RE-
vealer by esgsand cards: tells entire lie,
past, present, future; consultations on all affairs;
nothing cxct-pied; names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im- j
possible: letters answered. 929 Post st., nr. Larkln. |
At ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY- |
'*• ant, lard-reader, born with a aoub'e v«-U and 1
second sight; ladles 5Uc, gents tl; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 SO. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
p ITaNA, THK GIPSY Q"E_N, 8 TURK ST. ;
*-* truthful predictions; reliable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles you have, com*, and she will
guide you right: satisfaction guaranteed.
PERSONAL READINGS THROUGH MAGIC
mirror, and palmistry. PROF. MANTI, 1055
Market st. • .
\\r ELL-KNOWN CLAIRVOYANT, MISS MEL-
' » VILLE. moved from 1053 Market to 51 Fiftn.
MM E. RAVKNA READS Llt'K J- Ll.E.s ILi . !
business advice: names given: 25c up 5 Fourth
ME. MOKE A BEST >RTU E-Tr LI.ER
and medium in cltv; fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
GY PS. V LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh St., nr. Market: ladles Vsc;-gents 60c.
CHITA, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOYANT
\J and card-reader. 138 a Fourth St., room 4.
A! ME. WALTERS, TUX CARD-RBaDER. RE-
i'J- turned: see her for the truth. 951 Mission.
\1 ME. HAN3KN. PALMIST, CAUD-KEADEK;
ii past, present and iuture; 25c. 148 6th st., r. 5.
\\ ME. PKARL. CARD-KEADER: FORMERLY
ii Taylor St., now located at 223 Post, room 2.
ME. DAVIS, CAKD-I'.EADKK; MAGNETIC
healer; charms. 128 Post St., room 2.
VI ME. HARRISON. CARD- READER; PALM.-
■»X Ist: recently from New York. I(J9a Powell.
ME. L G ETTE— PR KSEN T. PAST AND
future; 26c; one price. 311 Tehama st.
/CLAIRVOYANT: CARD- READING; FEE
\J 60c: satisfaction given. 114 Turk st.
XI. MX. SVBILLK TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave-pictures given: Indies '.'So- PI 4 O'F»rrell.
— - ______________
•ji-uilllALls _ U
Til ME. E. YOUNG'S CELEBRATED" HERB
J.U medicines for kidney, liver and all female
troubles: also" her reliable hair res oratives and
toilet articles, at 605 McAllister st. : diagnosis free
4 to 6 p. m.; sittings dally; test circles Tues<lav,
Thur.. bat. and Sun. evenings, 10c; tel. Jessie 1101.
QQ7 MARKET ST.-FREE MEETING TO-
OU I night; Dr. C. A. Burgess: songs: lecture;
readings; a good big time; olUce 42 Turk st.
D»/it« MCALLISTER — MR_ C J. MEYER.
•}— test circle every evening; 10c; Tuesday and
Friday, 2 p. m.. business sittings.
fTIEST MEETING TO-NIGHT: lOC. 335 Mo-
X Allister. Stltt, Clemens; skeptics invited.
ADIEb' AID MEETS To-D.\Y, 326 MCAL-
lister: admission tree; tests 3 p. _.
L REE TEST TO ALL WHO COME THIS
■T week. LEANDER, medium. 1007 Market st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, TKANCK-TKST ME-
dium; private readings daily. ' 112 oak st,
LA .KIN ST., 8 P.M.; GOOD ENTER-
lainment for all.
MRS. KlLl>. -M IiDIUM, SITTINGS, 9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues-, Fri., 2p. _  26& 1824 Market st.
\iRS. SHRINKR, TRANCE MEDIUM: SlT-
j'l tings dally. 91: circle Sun. eve. 311 Van Ness.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-
. writer. 118 Halght -U: hours 9 until X p. m.
-_-_——--—
ASTKOLOGX,
"T^RXL^El?R^P^FrTujL_rEisri^
/V rooms 12-13: horoncopea: questions: advice.
_---------—-—-_-__-_______
UYFNOTIS3I.
Y^NarrsM^sclE^rTFDTAL^LV^rA^n^^
success crtd. H smericl us. 6 o'Farrell
HOUSES. ~ - T~
HOKSEs >Oit SALE^ aTsO^^WAUOvT
J\J bngglei, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Uori*
Market, 327 Blx_i st. ; auction sales every Wediio*-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
'I'llt; EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 V A.
X leucla su. Is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
dness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.. - j
P,(|j| BET NEW AND SKCON I>-MAN _ MA it-
U\J\J ness: all kinds: bugKy.wagon, carts, surrsy
_ rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
1 ?./V SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND H Art-
X O\J ness, all. kinds: wagons, tuggi.-s, surrey*
rockaways. carts: must oe sold. ii^H Mission 1;
L_GaITF YOUNG HOUSE! GENTLE;
saddle horse; reasonable. Inquire this cilice.
2 CARLOADS. FINE HORSES, SINGLE OR
doub c. for all purposes. 139 Valencia su
Cm ukad DRIVING and Wui'.K HOKSts;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 Ibt. : HH'.' Howard hi.
- WAGONS AMD CAliKlAOlvj.
I^OR- SALE —AT A BARaAIN'(MU_T r "_E
X sold), nearly new butcher curt. New * ork sta-
b'e, 607 Jessie st. ' V v ■
JVJEW AND tsKCONU-HAND .MAKERS', LAUN-
1' dry, milk and grocery wagans: also rockuway
and 2 flue buggies. 828 Harrison st.
) HORSES AND WAGON; CHEAP. APPLY
— ' MRS. KLUETSCH, 1765 Fifteenth st., near
Valencia. *• -' -.-■'■--/■ - ."'", .. :•.-■■■..._•-■■..:
1 ANDAU. HACK FOR SALE; f35. MAUD
J- 8., Pierce and Eddy Bts. . -- .--■-■. . ■ -
rrnvo laundr-y WAGONS and ROCK A-
X way: must be wld. 1620 Mission st.
;:...' AXTOUN__S-AT-LA\V.
u'v7c_n?REE— ~UVVO&Ck^a\^TZ^^KcC
alty;. private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. G. v». HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
W. KING, ATTY.. CHRONICLE BLDU •
• advice free: moderate:; open evniti. : 8 to 9
INVOKE _ MALCOLM,.. ATTORNEYS A £
law. 1 room" 431 Parrott building (Emporium). -
DVIUK FR_K: NO CHARGE UNLESS SL'U-'
i-SHf:il W. W. I'.W I!■-■ V. 027 MarHPts-. -
. PHYSICIANS.
TTrTcT C. O'DONNELL. 1 206 MA RKET, CoST
XJ Uoiden Gale ava. ; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY- REAL. ESTATE^
WE HAVE ~~~-. ~~~-~~~r i ~ : r'.
" safe and solid Investments cheap.
Q9^nfl 6-ROOM NEARLY" NEW RESl-
<ip_.OUv/. denceon Sntter-sU car line.
ANY OFFER WANTED— PROP-
erty. UK. corner Dolores ana Duncan sts.;
suitable for grocery-store.
8 -ROOM NEARLY NEW RESIDENCE, FINE
neighborhood; price $3200: unly $500 cash;
balance same as rent.
<J_Q;r AH 2 FLATS AND COTTAGE, NF.AK
<tjpOUv/U. Twelfth and Market sts.; lot 2.1x100.
<_ 4Qf\f\ 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS: RENTS
O^OUU. $48.
Ci^nn 4 FLATS; BLOCK FROM • OR-
%pOO\J\J. pheum.
OFFER WANTED — CORNER BUSINESS
p operty renting for $130; at iv E. corner Wal-
ler aud schrader Bts. .
399 f\f\() WELL-IMPROVED business
•«■ — .I'v'u. property: always rented for over
$2000 annually; on Fourth su, near Market; big
frontage.
AFFER WASTED FOR A WELL-IMPROVED
\J property at tne Baldwin: rents over $7GOU an-
nually.
other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE; MARINK
X view canuot be obstructed: substantially built;
finished "by diiy's work; handsomely decorated.
i-t r terms apply 2133 Vallejo tL, west of Bu-
chanan, fro. 1. 10 to 2 o'clock.
<fto;w) each. : ~ ~ :
<3pOt»U : TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
All streets graded, «ewer d and macadam-
ized: near electric road; 20 minutes from the
City Hall; no other !o s in this city can be
bought on these terms with street work
done; If you want to save »5 a month buy
one of ihe-ie lots and maKe money. .
V. X. LONG, 3207 22J st near Mission.
Open evenings after 7:30 o'clock.
C 1 THESE NEW HuMKs-*5OO CASH. $4000:
> 2-story: 7 rooms; bath; gas: hand frescoed;
open dal y. Geary st, near Cook.
AYE YOU ANY BE a1 1 ESTATE OR IN-
surance business that needs attention T Then
see H. E. POKHImaN, Real Estate Agent, 413
Montgomery st.
'C_9l f\(\ 5-ROOMED COTTAGE.
<p-iXUv/. 1-roomed cottaze.
. Take Howard-st. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east on -4th su; large lots: easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder.
C. BEMIs, ~ . ■
• _.K_._ -STATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONT_OMK_YdX > .
'■':-:. tor sa.. .
f?apn— K. «m» of stanyaa st.. bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
5450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x159 feat.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson bt_. overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
i< 6Uoo— '2 modern houses of 8 roonv» each, at
park: '_S_liJ7 ;o x«s«t; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
*bsoO— Elegant, NW. corner of Cole and Carl its.
■ $_U(l— Choice bnildln; lots north of x>:ir_
bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C sl: 109x95 ft.
\[O\V, SEE HE KE. CA.N YOU BUY FOR
XI 57500 such a valuable corner as SW. Fol-
som and 21st stsT 65x90; will subdivide if re-
quired; also 20th st. and Treat aye., 25x110,
$2500; also N. side Page St.. fOxHIU, 37:6 feet
from corner bchrader, between schraderand Stan-
yau, $5750; will subdivide II required; offer
wanted. Inquire Herb Institute, 1205 Market st.
TUST COMPLETED—
! Choice modern bay-window cottage on the NW.
cor. of 22 and Sanchez sis. For terms, eta, apply
j of TOBIN & McNALLY. 630 Market st.
L OK SALE OK WIL_ EXCHANGE FOR SAN
X Francisco property, .San Mateo. -an Rafael or
ranch in any <.f the two counties, two elegant
residence lots in San Jose or Alameda; they are
corner lots, 65x_00; the finest residence property
in San Jose. Apply or address J. T. P., 201 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
i_AT BARGAIN; PACIFIC HEIGHTS:
VT '2 new houses; all modern improvements:
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap: tine
marine view; conservatory. Fill more and Green.
Apply BOVKE, TOY _ SONTAG, 30 Montgomery.
ARGAIN— FLAT AND STOREROOM BE-
low. ; price $3250. Apply 2 to 4 p. _ 2037
I Fifteenth st.
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSKS BUILT;
I O $150 to $275 a room: parties contemplating
j building Invited to call and see plans. 1 149 Mission.
C? 1I \l \(\ COTTAGE 3 ROOMS IN BEll-
t?l\t\.i\J. keley: !ot4oxl.M): ?15 monthly.
21000— Corner 100x100; *50 down: $15 monthly
$400— Lot 40x12u: 1 25 down $25 monthly.
tJUU-Hn't acre hill land; *10 monthly.
I'iiAS. A. BAII.ISY. 'JO Mnn'tromPrv <t.
COUNTRY KEAIi ESTATE.
rORSALEOEREXT- ioi_ AORECHicK-X
T ran h: eas-- terms. . Address G. W. LUX, So-
noma, Cal.
T7»OR . SALE — NURSERY AND GARDEN
X I proper :y: san l:nta<-l; central and prominent
location, with abundant free water: tor sale for
cash or installments, or would exchange for city
property; first-class opening for practical gardener.
Appii- to James 'iunsi-eau Or hlpburn
WILKINS, Pan Hafael, Cal.
oVe.LV LITTLE VILLA H i.MX, ONE MILE
from the center of town, of 7 acres; house of '
5 rooms; lovely ltveoak shade trees: fine view;
overl oklng the whole valley and bay in the dis-
tance; to id outbuildings; Improvements cost
$1400; price 81000. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City
1/ORECLO RA.vCH FOR j> ALE OR RENT:
I x 320 acres In Santa Cruz Mouutatns: parti illy
In fuil- bearing orchard, etc. Inquire of GEORGE
I H. LUCHSINGER, 18 Geary St.. San . rancisco.
mo NT— ORCHARD with 5- room
X house, good barn and chicken-yard, near the
Oakland and San I.eandro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER, ABER it CO., San L«audro.
QEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS and
0 pamphlet of California lands for sale by H.
FRA.NCIS, rooms $9-70-71. Chronicle building,
San Francisco. CaL .
O LEASE— 2OO ACRES GOOD Lf.Vi-.L LAND,
Woodside. 4 miles from Redwood City: new
house. Apply L. ALTBCH PL, 320 Clay st., S. F.
L OR SALE— SMALL Oi. CHARD NEAR THE
1 Oakland and san Leacdro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER. A HER & CO., San Leandro. :
I iiti.e Humes, tuiMi i-> toW.n, im-
JJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
Cltv: every Monday at 632 Marßet st.. S. F.
~ MONKY TO LOAN. ~
QOUND MONEYIN TRUsT AT 8 PERCENT
0 on real estate '2d _ ortgsge, on piano? and furni-
ture; no attor ey's fee. ISAACS, 240 Montgomery.
OANS ON REAL KSTATE FIRST OK SKC-
ond mortgages, and furniture or pianos, any
amount: lowest rales. BECKER, 328 Montgomery
Qr I HO t\(\(\ AT LOWEST RATES: city
(JJIW.WU and Oakland realty; lite Insur-
auce; estates in probate, stocks, etc; any sum.
SHAIN WALD, BUCKBEE «fc CO., 218-220 Montg
ADVANCES ON DIAMOND 3. WATCHKA
-— . jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without ra-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWitUlf
-TORK. «4S Market st. : open evenings.
A LWAYS ON TOP . FOR LIBEKAL AD-
£\ varices at low interest; call 111 d be convinced.
Cut-rate Loan Office, rm, 7, Flood bid;.', 809 Market
<J>OOX |||\n AT BANK RATE >: IST AND
<spO-jO.\f\f\J _d mortgages, estates, rents, etc. ;
lend as low as ?50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ONKY LO A NKU OX J-W_Liii A> J
IVJ other valuables at lbs £ecurtt? Loan OtBc«,
JlLttMarketsU.nr. Muon: private ntr 11 dcc« 7 Tur_ , |
1 KECT ON \OL'K i'UK.M'tUll— OK Pi AN -j.
XJ no removal; no delays;' no commissions: to*
interest. Km. 63. Donohns bids. 1170 Murice: -<-..
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'iv or _D MOK'I'UAUtC.I "
— — estates, undivided interests, real estate la ui>
but*. McCOLGAN. 24 Monteomerr.' room 3. -
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GCOD
X security: low interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
n FURNITURE AND ii a \ OS: NO-RE*
moval; low interest; private party. 219 Powell.
ANY AMOUNT; LOWKSTKAiE; IST „2D
TX. mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden, 635 CaL
\ DVANCESO.V f. » „_„ i . »1«
>' tolnmbla ,fr iw-i-i-v !"■--■ ...
___________________ „
I'AMMSKUhKKS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFK
clothing. Cosniopo'ltnn loan Office. 49 Third-
FINANCIAL. - . -.. ■■
Ijjonnn WANTED FOR 1 YEAR AT 10
, «lp *)\ 'Uv/'ppr cent, on property near Oakland,
valued at $v-t»OO. Address H. P. T ICON, notary
pubic, • onti;oinery St., city; or P. D.
BROWN K. 458 Ninth si., Oakland.
OANS AND DISCOUNTS. sylvain SaLO-
J M.)N, 32 1 * Montgomery st., room 222. •
fflj 1 1 1() ■i\(\i\ TU LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
tlTi"". I ' 1 ' Apnivrm 9 "-'. Cal.^nfe t'en.Hi.lz.
, -KOPOSAX.S.
p ROPOSALS " FOR" SU 'iisYsTEN C-T^^BUPl
x piles — Office of .'Purchasing Commissary, No
36 -New. Montgomery street. San Francisco, Cnl.,
November 10. lH9t". .*-< a ed proposals, In dupli-
cate, subject to the usual conditions, will' be re-
c lved at this office untli 11 ''clock a. it. on
FRIDAY, Novemb r 20. 1856. at which time and
place they will be opened In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivery of the following,
named'subsistence supplies: Pork,* Bacon. Flour,
Hard Bread, Baking Powder, -cans." Peas, Rice,
Tomato -s, Coffee.. Tea, sugar, Vinegar, Salt,.
Candles, Apricots," Chocolate, Corn, Gelatin, Ham.
Lobsters," Milk, Oystenv Peaches,' Pears, Pigs Feet,"
Preserved Damson, 1 Salmon, > Saroines, .; Soup, ;
starch. - Tongue, Syrup. Flavoring Extracts, Jam
(Blackberry). "Jelly (Currant). Mustard, Olive Uti.
Olives, Pickles, S-»uce (Cranberry and .Worcester-
lire), 'looacco. Soap, » apollo, ■ Buttons. Thread,
C live opes, ens, Blackini: - ( -hoe), ■ Ciotbeslines,
Ink." Pa per. Towels and Toweling. Proposals will
not be considered unless accompanied by samples
of ar icles bid for. The Government reserves the
right to reject any or all propos_s. Preference
will he given to articles of domestic production cr
manufacture, conditions of qu lity and tirice (In-
cluding In the price of -foreign production or miinu-
fuciure the <iuty thereon) bein^: equal. 'Blank Dro-
posals and full' iuiormi tion " us to - the quality of
supplies, character of packages,' • -ie; wi.l be fur-
nished ■on application 10 this » office ' Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked "Proposals
lor subsistence Supplies, to be. opened Nov^inber
-0, 1 96." ' and \ addressed '■ to the undersigned.
WELLS - WILLARD, : Major and * C, ' 5., ; United
hiatus* Army,'^^_gi_feg3^(^-\ > "-;v."-."l" v y?^__iiaia ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB b ROADWAY.
; OAK -AND REAL IiSTATii.
HOTEL, 71 ROOMS. FOR SA_E; ALSO FINE
business, paying $150 per month; pncesl6Uo:
T. ANDERSON. 1118 Broad way.
pro: FOX fitch buku: :
•10-day takk youu FAMILY AND
' -friends OUT on TH X fitch- -
-l.rg, SAN LEANDRO AND -
Hay Wards local.
Ppp Southern Pacific Tlmo-CaM. '
THE FIKST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK Is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRF.CT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
-ITCHBURQ STATION IN
FORTY- FIVE MINUTES.
' A lamed", Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
•by the Fuchburz scorcher. Haywards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to cot off the
earth, stay wuero you are. People get well, be-
come cneerf—. contented _ud prosperous in t'l.cu-
burg. ■.
Fiichbur? the most promising suburb on tha
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in the vUlnltv of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural- location. Its railway
lines now operating/deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county rua-i
- leading to it, are inconestible proof* Itis regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wldB
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented wi:n
-Veuve trees; cypress hedges and evergreen _rovo±
- NOW IS THE TIM_ TO BUY.
For a borne while cheap; for speculation on -»
rising market; for a turn be first lor investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvement* to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your floors. Lois in this beHuufnl
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of ma one-nirevi Uuct- la
an Inaccessible hayfieid.
Lots 25 and 50 leet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments in easy iu_tall_.eu_;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURK, 3? Montgomery st- S. X
THAD. S. FITCH. Fitchbnrg.
OAKLAND rUKMTCKE lOK SALE.
VV'EAK DIAMONDS BY PATRONIZING U
'* sen 1- I.LMAAS, furniture-dealer. llth.Oaslrt
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AT,A*irKT>\ It— A- FSTATK.
Cj_>9rr\ HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE OF
»4P__.Uv/. 7 rooms: latest design; choice cor-
ner lot. 50x100; easy terms.
$2400—350 cash. $.'5 monthly; cottage 5 rooms
and bath: lot 50xl'J5; close to station. ,
$2600—$ 00 cash: elegant new colonial cottage;
5 rooms, reception-hall aid bath.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay .street station (broad gauge), Alameda; 628
Market st., San Francisco. OlUce open Sundays
and. holidays. ■ ,
Ip OR SALE- ~ '. ~ / ~
X: House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye.: cottage
to rooms, Everett st. ; on long time and easy terms,
or will exchange (or Kan Fr_uci_co property. Ap-
ply ASTON, _L DKIDGK & CO..
6W3 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
N J-.XC-PIIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
investment of a small capital in Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new .'-room cottages in a first-class locality : mid-
way beiween narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half clock of business street and electiic
railway: artesian well; gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice; no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A, K. DENKE, 1503
seventh st , Ainmedn. Cal. .
U_K±v___»: REAL J£STAT_.
■ TVTEW MODERN 5 ROOM COTTAGE, 40x100,
j-> $1500. $18 monthly: 5-room cottage, 40xfc0,
$850, $15 monthly. F. BoEGLE, Golden Gate, or
W. C. MOHAN, _orin.
(2jl C'lj THE BIGGEST BARGAIN EVEN
*3F> X 4 O\f. these dull times: house of 6 rooms;
largelot: street work done; close to station; sani-
tary plumh ne. JOS. J. M A SON. Rerkoler starl-.n.
_ _K_ ._L_- _UO_KS.
rpHAT BEAUTIFUL HOME IN BERKELEY
X of 12 rooms and bath Is now ready for I a tenant;
newly painted and papered throughout: 10 acres
of ground; large orchard; any variety of llowerj
and lovely lawn; price $30, worth $60. Apply
A. J. SN Vl)>- X A CO.. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
I'KOi*_KTY 1O _.XOIIAN__. -
"1 f\(\ RANCHES $100 TO 550.000
luU 100 business places from $50 to 20.000
50 houses and lots $50 to ...". $30,000
What have you to oiler.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth
TED- A LODGING-HOUSE OR HOTEL
'» worth 5 5000. for elegant new store, fiat aid
stable: lot tisxlOO; corner: at the Mission; splen-
did opening. 731 Harrison st.
OL>E AND LOT IN BERKELKY TO EX-
change for city lots. DECKKR, 1020 Market.
a 1O EXCHAXG- CITY AND COUNTRY
X. property. UNDERWOOD CO., 765 Market.
VJEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
tD for sale. WOOSTEK <fc WHITTOX, San Jose.
rpiMBER— I.BO ACRES; KERN CO.: PLENTY
J water: excellent sor 1 ; rari'h. N.. box 16. Chl
-__X>lCA_..
BLESSING TO LADIES " BUFFERING
from and diseases peculiar to their sex:
latest improved method of treatment; never
fails: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects; never makes . them sick to make them
well; travelers helped 'lately; prices to suit,
the times: home in confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult five; French regulating pink pills, $~;
hours from 9 a. 11. 10 5 p. _. and 7 to 9 P. vi.
li. LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES, A
cuaranteed absolute cure for ail female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe*
and .sure: no danger or after effects; taken in time,
it. also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box; .
Hal free by mail un receipt of price. WALLER
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., Ban m rancisco.
ANEW PROCESS— KO MEDICINE, I NSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day: can
he sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, alB Kearny.
DB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores all cases of
in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no charge;
separate home for patients; best skill; low fees:
pills $-'. 904 McAllister st.
<jj*XfMl paid for A case IF AIL TO cure
(^)O\J\J of ie v ale complaints or diseases of the
eye; home In confinement; consultation free,
at MRS. DR. SCOTT'S. 513 Jones su ■
SURE I'UKh FOR ALL, Fi-.MALK DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; home in confine*
men:: every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.OWYER, 2,6 Turk st.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DH. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. .
* LPKAO'S FRENCH PILLS— A 800N r TO
XV lades troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
cafe and sure; 42 60 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
ULMOOGRA COMPOUND, KING OP
blood purifiers,' sl a bottle; "Ladies' Relief,"
$2 a box. - Metropolitan Dispensary, 1073% Mar-
ket / - - -
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 f.ighth St., Alameda.
IF IRREuULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MKs.DK. PUETZ and be content, 1;54i/ 3 4th.
1 »R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, N_A_K
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
RS. DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 FOLSOM: ST.;
confinement: terms reasonable.
DENTISTS.
rTl^iTcranz^ "k^VßAAXrios^AxST^si
crown worit, bridge wok and teeth without
plates a specialty. 83- Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
ffl«7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16;
tip • . warranted 5 yeors: extraction free: fillings
50c. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. - |
. LULL SET OF TEETH, $7, WARRANTED:
X filling 50c. crowns 53. DR. BROWN, 21 V a 3d.
THIRST- CLASS DENTISTRY OR MONEY
" back: installment plan ; established 12 years.
Oflice cor. sixth »nd Mission, over I X L store.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80« MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
G«7 a SET FOR I 1H- WARRANTED A3
tjD I good as can be made: tilling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market si., nexc Baldwin Theater. :
A I N LEsS EXTRACTION, 50c: CROWN
bridge wort a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyeara'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 815*4 Geary.
R- LUDLUM HILL. 144» MARKET ST- NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are. made: old plates made over like new;-
teeth irom $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
y-ET Or 1 TEETH WITHOUT A PLAXK DX
0 ,H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st. :
1 R.J. J. JLh.EK. 1-06 . MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye. ; open evenings: Sundays till noon.
C~IB.OO.MK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
' ket, bet. 3d and 4th; . gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; . fill. $1 tip.
DX. .GtOitGKv W. LEKK. TriE GENUINE
XJ I-eek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
«nd patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 'JO O'Farrell it.
• LMRsT-CLASS DENTISTKV; FIRST-CLASS
x prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. lIARDINO.M.D.. 500 Sutter
WOKK TU SLIT Ti.\IES;WAI:KA.NTEU
DR. KEa, 1370 Market st.. Jror.t City HalL
ALL WORK REASONABLE- AND WAR-
ranted. Up. .1 W. KF.Y. 1123 ><ark«-t st.
■ PKOFKSSIONAL CAKDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
'ii and 27, Crocker buildiii*'; telephone Maui
; 75, 55an Francisco. Cal. . ; " -.--.-^
."I OUN K. AiTKEN AND MAURICEL. ASHER.
w wvj-3 at law, raw 615,6 m, oai floor, l'urrou ;',
, MUSICAL. INSTItUBIENTS.
VGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THIS
_\- fact ilia; we are | selling pood-toned | second-
hand pinacs for $3. $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, $7. $8, 59 and $10 per
month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchanging same for
a stemway any time within 3 years from date
without sacrifice BH_R_HN, clay & CO.,
representatives of steinway & Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and suiter sts.. Sun Francisco; also Oak-
land, CaL ; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash. .
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago Is KOHLER _
CHASE'S, '.6. i:8 and 30 O'Farreil St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms eisy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
vuLaUV TH B-ST BARGAINS IN Pt-
-^V ano3; see our list tor this week: piano; on $3.,
4. 85, $6, $7, tH, $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered ■
free anywhere In tha city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO..
Ealesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
* REAL CHANCE!! AS FINE A PIANO AS
XX money will buy (a Hardman) ordered sold by
a musician forced to realize Cash at once: only in
use a short time. TH>. J. DEWING CO., 2d floor,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts. 5w
IJRICES TALK! AN ELEGANT NEW UP-
- ri^lit piano, stool, cover, delivery, tunlnz,
$159 50: new solid Oak and walnut organs, $47 50.
J. HARRY SCOT IV 626 Hayes St.
MAGNIFICENT CALENBURG AND VAU-
pel 1 arlor grand piano, cheap, almost new, at,
GEOP.E WALCOM'S furniture and upholstery
store, 4U2 tter st. . . ;
IJjANOS $75, $IOOAND UPWARD HHt CASH
X or installments. ZENO JIAUVAIS Music Com-
pany. 769 Market st.
ELEGANT EMKBSON, FIRST-CLASS CON-
-i d uou, at sacrifice. E. W. L McAllister.
-];1 1 A up"right, cover, stool ; $5
QIIU. inst.: cost $300. 221 Leave iworth.
FINE UPRIGHT PIANO, $110: SQUAR_, $30.
J STATHAM & CO.. 106 Me .Lister St.
A DOLLAR A W-H.K ON* KENT CONTRACT
buys new piano, 136 Ellis st.
ELEGANT sTEINWAY"; SPLENDID Baß-
gain. Room 12, 809 Market st.
ALLET _ DAVIS AT SACRIFICK.
SCHMITZ t 16 McAillster.next Hibernia Baafc.
AS USUAL KkUENN PIANOS RECEIVED
highest award Mechanics' Fair. __8 Post b_
\l AG.MI-'ICENT STEINWAY LfKlGlif AND
ii Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness*
W i.. IIaIKtKI:, SULr. ALrENi" lUll HALLiif
'' .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 40ti >uc' to
I'YI.ON M.U/.V, MS I'UcT M' SOH_.__,
J> Kewbr >k Evans. !r;srirs pud rr.'ier pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLUANKW
kJ ii. MULLER. omker. repairer.. - Latham olaca.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
*_efre9. - .-*-:■ :/■
STOKAti_.
At low rates— l'Uß^rTrvnrETTAlvPJh/rX
-i~»- pianos, etc: clean, dry, llsht compart—
advances made. J NOON AN, 1017 10 1023 MX*.
tion. above sixth: open evenings.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN JHE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
"L" URN IT AN OS, TRUNKS; 15"
X 1 vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YLOi:.*»o4 Post
makkia<;k . X.IC_KS_S.
■""]<» following marriage nc(?ns9i wara issued by
'the County Clerk's otlico yesterday:
F. W. Howlett and Ada Freeman. 38—23.
F. S. potter and Annie Hurley, 21 -18.
B. Levy a id Rachel Marks. 32—20.
H. Gunderson and Maria Larson, 37—29.
A. J. Barrett and Helen Ix Spauldlu?. US— 23.
M. L. Colin and Dora i'.o<enthal, 32—19.
William Lyons and Blisabetb A. Powers, 22—13.
D. F. Lyons and Mary K. llallasey, 24—19,
11. F. Hedrijk and Annie Williams. 25— 2' J.
F. W. Wolcott and Laura M.Frazer, 21—18.
BIRTHS— -MARRIAGES — HEATHS.
fßlrt"i, roarrlace and death notices gent by mill
will not be Inserted. They m us be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be In torse 1
with the name and residence 01 per.ouauut-orl.ui
toii-vo thu sumo published.]
IiOKN.
KEYER-In this city, October 10, 1893, to the.
wife of Charles J. Keyer, a son.
LUNDQVIst— In Alameda, November 9, 1836,
to the wife or A. Lundqvist, a daughter.
IUKKIED.
HAGAN— O'CALLAOHAN— in this city, Novem-
ber 8. 189>", at st. James Church, by the Rev.
Father O'Connor, Patrick F. Hagan and Kate
O'Callaxhan. both of Sau Francisco.
MERRILL— LANTERY— In Oakland, Cal.. Octo-
bar '24,-1.93. by the Rev. George W. Beatty,
Charles K. F. Merrill and Vic.oria Lantery.
both of Oakland. .
SIMPSON— M AIIONEY —In this city, November
■ ■ 7. 1898, at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by
the Rev. John Stephens. Jobn B. Simpson an_
Mary Mahoney. both of San Francisco.
TURNER— NOBLE— In OaKland. Cal.. November
10, 1893. by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Chester
K. Turner and M. May Noble, both of Oakland.
->I__>. ~ ~~~
Barbour, James H. K. Lilienthal. Carl C.
Bricca. Kiias McGowan, Jane
Egan, James -. "-:.'.: Maguire, Uannah
Gleeson, Anne Scanlin, Mary A.
Kelley, Catherine A, Walker, Wilsou ii.
Lewellyu, Robert Wilson, Alice L.
BARBOUK— In thi3 city. November 9, 1893,
James 11. K. Barbour, beloved hu3band of -lulla
M. Barbour, and father of Mrs. Carrie Miller
and Ella M. and Ethel M. Barbour, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 70 years and 3 months.
BRICCA— In this city, Novemoer 10,1893. Ellas
Bricra, a native of . San Francisco, aged 8 years
*2 months and 23 days. ■ ■
EGAN— In Bradley. Monterey County, November
9, 1893, James Esran. husband of .Mary E. Egaa,
and father of John G. fcgan. Mrs. A. Cudwell,
Mrs. Owen Bresiin. • Mrs. Harry Geitinss. Mrs.
! Ralph "A. Wood and Nellie, Annie ana Martin
Exan, a native of Ireland, j;:i>J 75 years.
49~"Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock a. 11., from : he
residence of his so:i, Martin Kgan, st>9 Jones
street. Oakland, Cal. Requiem mass at Ist. Fran-
cis do Sales Church at 10 o'clock: a. 11. Pieasa
. oinii floweri.
GLEESON— In this city. November 8. 1896,
Anne, dearly beloved, wife of William Gleeson,
and mother of Wi Him Jr. and Florence Glee-
son, Mrs. C. Chaffer, Mrs. Josephine Millzner,
Mrs. _. Sktllman and the late. Thomas Gleeson,
Mrs. M. Martin, Mrs- Rebecca Hayden (nea
Dolan), and grandmother of Conine Dolan, a
native of Ireland, aged 63 year.
Friends and acanatntancei are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Wednesday), at 9 o'clocK a. m., from her late
residence. 3il Gough. sires:, t lie rice to Sacred
Heart Church, Fill more and Fell streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a.—.
Interment, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLEY-In this city, November 10, 1896,
Catherine a lmira, Infant .daughter of J. H. and
Florence Keliey, a native or San Francisco,,
.aged 11 months and 24 days.
4~~rNoticeof funeral nereafter.
IiEWELLYN— In this city. Robert, dearly beloved
husband of Mary A. Lawellyn, a na;iva of Ire-
land. aged 64 years.
JOT Friend* are resDectfullv Invited to att^i I
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 8:43
from his late residence, 810 Po rero avenue,
thence to ?>t. Peter's Church for requiem muss,
commencing ■ at. 9 o'cloclc a. _. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
LILIENTHAL— In this city, November 10. 1898,
Carl Lllienthal, beloved " brother of Mrs. Karo-
lina Jensen and Henry, Christian, Frederick and
William Lilienthal, a native of Denrnar_, aged
27 years and 10 months. . .
McGOWAN— In this cltv, November 10. 1893,
Jane, beloved wife of •P. A. McGowan, and
dearly beloved mother or John A. and B. T. Mo-
Gowan, Mrs. James Oulldea, Mrs. T. J. Reilly
• and Mrs. 1L W. Knowlion, a native of County'
Lonzford, Ireland.
J63P Friend! .and acaualntance<i are rpsn»c-.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8 :S0 o'clock a. m., from her rate
-residence. 851 Harrison street, thence to sr.
Rose's Church, where a requiem hieh mass will
be celebrated forthe repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'cloc- a. _. lnierment Mount Calvary
• Cemetery. -fi«s3^j^
MAGUIRK— In this city, November 10, 1893.
Hannah, beloved wife of the late. John Maguira,
and mother of Trionai, John, Annie and Win-
nie Magulre, a native of . Ireland, aged 57 years."
SCAN UN— ln San Rafael, Alary A. Scanlin,
■ ' dearly beloved " mother of Mrs A.L. Thomas,
.' the late Mrs. L. E. Berkeley, Mrs. J. J. > -'Con-
nor. Mrs. Jame? TuDnell and Hugh, W. C, Joi-
ephlne G. and - Gulla M. Scanlin. a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 63 ye^ars.
WALKER— In Alameda, November 8, 1893. WII.
son M.. beloved sou of Mary A. and W. ■J.
■ Walker, and brother of Mrs. William Taylor,
Mrs. F. H. Pawlin? and John H. Walker.
a native of Sau Francisco, agsd 20 years 10
months and 8 days. / . ' ■ ''
JO-irriends and acquaintances are respect-
/ fully invited to attend the funeral' THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence, 11 SO santa Clara avenue, Alameda,
Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fr-ncUco,
. via 1 o'clock p. K. creek DOat. . • . . .
WILSON— In Oakland, November 10. 1893, Alice
. Lucretla, beloved daughter or Frank J. and
Agnes A. Wilsou, and granddaughter of S. H.
• : and Sarah Wilson and James A. and Mangle
Walker, a native of .Oakland, aged 1 year 8
montht and 11 days.
•- Funeral services THIS DAY (Wednes-
day >. a-. 2 o'clock p. m.. at tbe residence of tha
parents, 770 Sixth street , Oakland, Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. ■• ■
' WicAVOY & GALLAGHER, T"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMB.4.LMKRB
: to Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMBi
tery. to the city; -on-sect— ri_n: in no sea ex-
clusive : locaiioa ■ unexcelled, U_c« \>Vi _uw_ti I
taeeb Douueut coraw «l t»UUii
1314
A FORTUNE GIVEN BY NODS OF THE HEAD
Andreas Cavalli Inherits
Mexican Gold
Mines.
Left to Him by a Brother Who
Was Speechless From
Paralysis.
THE DEVISEE A HUMBLE ME
CHANIC HERE.
How the Discoverer of the Great
Anaconda Mines Died in the
State of Sonora.
Gold street is the significant name of a j
little alley between JacKson and Pacific j
streets, where there lives an old inventor
whose brother recently died in Mexico,
leaving him six gold mines of great though
unknown value.
The fortunate heir to this hidden treas- j
ure is G. Andreas Cavalli, brother of L. |
Paul Cavalli, ta.uous in mining circles as !
the discoverer of the great Anaconda cop- :
per ledges of Butte City, Wont. It was >
Paul who recently died near Minas Prie- ;
tas, Mexico, and left his brother all his
estate — not by a duiy witnessed will on
parchment, nor yet Dy . word of mouth,
but by nods and winks that conveyed his
meaning to those who stood by while his
lifetide ebbed away.
'•Such a disposition of property would i
not be a conveyance or will under Ameri
can law," said Attorney Oscar T. Bhack,
who represents Mr. Cavalli, "but ihe Mt-x
-ican laws recognize it, and my client is j
here new with full authority as ad ruin is- ''
trator of his brother's estate, and with j
documents to 3how that he had been re
cognized as sole heir by the courts of Her
mosillo, capital of Sonora.
"He has just returned after a sojourn
there and will soon be appointed adminis
trator for his brother's estate here and in
Arizona. The dead man had important
interests in both States, and they must be
looked after. As our courts do not recog
. nize the will of tlie dead man, expressed
in nods, the brother will be compelled to
divide the American property with six
other brothers."
Sixteen years ago Paul Cavalli drifted
to Mexico, disconsolate over the loss of
the Anaconda, the value of which he did
not recognize. His brother, Andreas, did
not hear from him regularly, and had
begun to believe he was dead or had been
very unsuccessful. A few weeks ago, how
ever, word came that Paul had died on
September 21 of paralysis, and that he had
left all his mines to Andreas here. An
dreas, who has lor years spent all his in
come in pertecting some patents for mak
ing boots and shoes, hastened to Hermo-
Billo. where the news was confirmed. He
had no trouble in being declared sole heir
and being made administrator.
Speaking of tbe case yesterday, he said:
"My brother was stricken down with par
alysis in such a way that he could not
speak. Those who gathered around him,
when they saw he could not live, Knowing
he had relatives, asked him whom he de
sired to be his heir. By running over the
alphabet and agreeing on a system of
signal^ my name was spelled out and the
will of my brother was composed as a
result of his nods of the head."
One of the valuable things left to the
humble Ban Francisco mechanic is a claim
of $16,000 against the Mexican Govern
ment. It is in such form as to be as good
as gold.
Another piece of property is what law
yers call "a chose in action," being an
Indian depredation claim against the
United States. Paul Cavalli was at one
time a resident of Pima County, Arizona.
He was a partner of Charles Peck, whose
wife and children were murdered by
Geronimo'.s baud in 1890. At the same
time the property of the firm was de
stroyed, and a claim for large sums is now
pending against the United Stales Gov
ernment, with good chances that it will
be allowed.
Mr. Cavaili takes his great success very
philosophically, and, though he might
realize considerable cash for his interests,
he continues living in the way he has
been accustomed to live for years. His
home is still in Gold alley, and, though
the name has for years stared him in the
face like a jest of fate or a bit of irony, he
now has his laugh as he trudges to his
humble abode. Just opposite the alley,
on Montgomery -street, the name "Gold
street" is painted on a gas lamp in red
letters. Cavalli smiled as he read the
name by the flickering flame last night.
He says he can complete his patents now,
and if they prove non-productive the
whirligig of time can hardly deal with him
harshly anyhow, for his fortune is in the
Mexican mountains, down where his
favorite brother died.
Supreme Court Cases Are Behind.
Tbe Supremo Court session in Sacramento
will continue until next Tuesday. Then the
Justices will return to this City and work on
oases wnich have ueen submitted. Some busi
ness before the court is several months old
and there is supposed to be uo chance that it
will al! be cleared up before the court re
sumes sitting in this City in Janu&ry.
» — ♦ •
COUNTING BALLOTS.
Second Day of the Arduous Labors of
the Board of X lection C'om
ll'i ill'l'S.
The Election Commisioners, represented
by City and County Attorney Creswell
and Tax Collector Block, aided by an
array of clerk?,' resumed the tedious work
of making the official count of the ballots
cast at tbe last election yesterday.
A large number of election officers who
had been cited on the previous day to ap
pear and bign poll lists or perform other
dut'es neccssarv to make the ballots lesal
made their appearance, and as a consp
quonCQ many precincts that were laid
ovjr were counted.
Few discrepancies were found and all
wert due to clerical errors. The precincts
counted were as follows:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— First. Sec
ond, Four;h, Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Fourteenth,
Sixteea;h, Seventeenth.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District — Four
teenth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth.
Thirty- lirst Assembly District — Ninth,
Eleven i h, Twelfth.
Thirty-second Assembly District — First, Sec
ond. Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixtn, Eighth,
Ninth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Four
teenth.
Thirty-third Assembly District— First, Sec
ond, Third. Ninth, Tenth, El venth, Twelfth,
Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth.
Counting will be resumed at 9 o'clock
this mornintr.
» »—«» — «
Valuable Garbi.se Franchise.
The value of a garbage route, or the right to
remove detritus from the residences of citi
zens, is alleged to be not less than $12 a day.
Tiiis allegation is set forth in a complaint filed
in the Superior Court by John B. Carribblo
against Giovanni Calaniaro, (J. H. Calamaro
Bimone Vallergo. G. B. Vallergo and S. Trentol
Carribbio says that he bought an interest in
the garbage business carried on by the de
fendants, but that after he paid $450 he was
prevented from taking possession oi his prop
erty. In view of the promises, he demands
the return of his purchase money, and the
payment to him of $2212 as his share of the
business.
LADES WHO ARE LABORING TO MAKE THE FAIR A SUCCESS.
FOR MEMORIAL CHURCH
South San Francisco Ladies
Have Opened a
Bazaar.
Masonic Hall Transformed Into a
Scene of Beauty and
Elegance.
The funds of Memorial Presbyterian
Church at South San Francisco will, if the
united labors of the Ladies' Aid Society
bear fruit, be increased sufficiently to
meet all current expenses for the ensuing
year.
To accomplish this desirable object
Masonic Hall on Fourteenth and Railroad
avenues has been transformed into a
series of booths artistically decorated with
the products of fancy work made by deli
cate feminine fingers.
There is on exhibition and for sale c
fine display of fancy articles, needlework,
embroidery and artificial towers, besides
a confectionery-stand and table of Vene
tian iron work. There was shown a
'•Hive of Busy Bees," "The House That
Jack Built" for the children, and a fountain.
An excellent lunch, with icecream, was
served from 12 m. to 11 last r.ighi.
"The House That Jack Built" was lib
erally patronized by the small boys, who
laughed heartily at Jac£'s appearance as
he emerged from his workshop In response
to a ring of the doorbell.
The embroidery and artificial work
which adorn the booths allotted to their
use have been tastefully got up and
reflect Rreat cr.dit on the skill of the
ladies who labored on them patiently for
months in order that the bazaar might be
a success, which it promises to be.
A number of ladies are in charge of the
various booths, and between disposing of
the anicles offered for «ale and entertain
ing the many visitors they are kept busy.
But as it is a work cf love and devotion
it is born cheerfully by one and all.
Mrs. H. N. Bevier, the pleasant and
cbarminj; wife of the minister of Memo
rial Church, is all over the hall seeing that
every person is made welcome. The other
helpers are: Mrs. George Kelley, Mrs. Cal
vin KeHey, Mrs. T. C. L-ary, Mrs. L. W.
Williams, Mrs. David Dodge, Mrs. Ronald
Dodge, Mrs. William Stocks, Mrs. John
Diercks, Miss Alice Diercks, Mrs. Elta
Walrath, Miss Lot;a Walratb, Miss Addie
Walrath, Mrs. John Rose. Miss Bella
Rose, Mrs. Burns, Mr-. Flora Brumell,
Mrs. Paul Ayhens Sr., Mrs. Paul Ayhens
Jr., Miss Alice Ayhens, Miss Louise Lau
ntzen, Miss Mary Kneess, Mrs. Charles
Swan, Mrs. Harry Molema, Mrs. Harry
Reynolds, Mrs. Herman F. Stunime, Mrs.
Jonn Hyde, Mrs. Charles Hare, Mrs. John
McDougail, Mrs. C. L. Nonnentnan, Mrs.
W. Biggs an 4 several others.
To-morrow will be the last day of this
entertainment, as the hall is engaged for
Friday evening.
Held in ilimvv Bonds.
William Dowllng waived an examination on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon be
fore acting Police Judge Barry yesterday,. and
as it was an aggravated case he was held to
answer before the Superior, Court in $5000
bonds. On November 4"Dowling-had a dis
pute with MorriH ; Guntln, 205 Second street
and attacked Mm with a razor. - . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1896.
HIS CONTUMELY
COST HIM DEAR
John Overman Made to
Forfeit Property Valued
at $15,000.
Had Refused to Answer Ques
tions During the Taking oi
His Deposition.
A LONG LITIGATION ENDED.
Creditors of a Decedent Who Was
Dec ared Insolvent Now to Be
Paid in Full.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way, Nov. 10. j
As a penalty for contumacious conduct
in refusing to answer certain questions in
the taking of his deposition, John Over
man of Sonoma County was made to for
feit $15,000 worth of real estate by Judge
Frick yesterday.
The litigation, of which this was the
sensational outcome, extended over a pe
riod of marly ten years, and its history is
replete with peculiar incidents.
As far back as 1887 John Overman, who
resides ten miles from Petaluma. on the
road to Santa Rosa, began a suit in the
Superior Court of Alarm da County aeainst
William I. Wilson and Jessie Wiison,
the latter's wife, to quiet title to six
lots and the houses erected ihereon in
West Oakland, valued at about $15,000.
Subsequent to the filing of the suit Wil
son petitioned to be declared an insolvent,
and his request was granted. Henry C.
Babcock was appointed assignee oi the
estate of Wilson, and on behalf of tbe
creditors riled acomplaint in intervention.
In this it was allege 1 that the property
claimed by Overman had been wrongly
and illegally conveyed to Overman through
Mrs. Priscilla Burtch of Petaluma, a
former intimate friend of Wilson, for the
purpose of defrauding the creditors of
Wilson.
Wilson died in 1890 and his widow fol
lowed him shortly afierward. Meanwhile
the litigation dragged aiong, and was
finally set for trial before Judge Frick for
to-day.
The counsel of defendants B:\beock and
the legal representatives of William 1.
Wilson and Jessie Wileon deemed it nec
essary to take the d«»: ositions of Overman
and Mrs. Burtch. For this purpose sub
penas were regularly issued and served
upon plaintiff's attorney and upon Over
man and Mrs. Burtch, setting the time
for the taking of their depositions for 10
o'clock Saturday, November 9, before John
H. Rodgers, a notary public at Petaluraa.
At the time appointed Overman and
Mrs. Burtch appeared at the ortice of the
notary, sccompanied by their attorney,
Henry Miller. The defense was repre
sented by Welles Whitmore of Oakland and
Fisher Ames of San Francisco.
An attempt was ma le to take the depo
sitions of the plaintiff Overman and the
lady who accompanied him. but under the
advice of counsel they refused to answer
questions put to them regarding the pur
chase of the property by Overman, the
manner ia which he secured possession oi
it, the relations existing between the par
ties and, in fact, nearly every question
wh eh would throw any light upon the
true nature or character of their trsnsac
tions in respect to the property covered
by the suit.
Under these circumstances counsel for
the defendants were obliged to request ihe
notary to certify the conduct of the wit
nesses and particularly of the plaintiff,
Overman, to the court.
The trial came on before Judce Frick
this morning. Neither the plain t'.ff nor
Mrs. Burtch was present in court, though
their attorney, Henry Miller, appeared for
them.
Upon offering in evidence the deed from
Priscilla Burtch to Overman, upon wh.ch
plaintiff reiird to establish his title and
prove his ca^e, defendants objected to the
introduction of any evidence on the cart
of the plaintiff, and urged as a ground for
such objection that the plaintift by refus
ing to answer material and perunent
questions had subjected himself to the
penalty of having nis complaint in the
case a« well as his answer to the complaint
in intervention by Babcock stricken out.
In support of this objection the deposi
tion of Overman, wnich was attempted to
be taken in Petaluma, was read to the
court, wheieupon the court ordered the
complaint of plaintiff, together with his
auswer to the complaint of intervention
by Babcock, stricken out. This left the
case before (he court upon Babcook's com
plaint of intervention, wherein he sought
to quiet the title to the property in ques
tion against the plaintiff.
The court then proceeded to hear evi
dence on behalf of Babcock, ana prooi
was made of the title of W. I. Wilson to
the property in question by virtue of a
deed made to him in 1879 by Prentice
Croweil and l-y the oral testimony of W.
Y. C. Pitt and Maggie Cox.
Upon this showing the court ordered a
decree in lavor of Babcock as assignee of
W. I. Wilson, quieting title to the prop
erty in dispute as against Overman and all
others to the litigation.
It is believed that the proceeds from
the sale of this property will pay all the
debts of the deceased Wilson in full.
SWALLOWED MORPHINE.
William Gade, a Waiter, Dying at the
deceiving Hospital.
William Gade, a waiter, living at 217
Eddy street, swallowed a dose of mor
phine yesterday afternoon abont 5 o'clock.
Drs. Gross and Clarke were summoned,
and after working on him for several hours
they summoned the ambulance and he
was taken to the Receiving Ho>pital. Dr.
Stice. after an examination, expressed the
opinion that Gade was beyond recovery.
He is 22 years of age and has been out of
employment for two or three months,
which made him very despondent. His
frienls say that he was in the habit of
taking morphine, but they believe he
swallowed an overdose with suicidal in
tent owing to his inability to get-wort.
EGGED ON THE STREETS.
Bronson Wheels Hirschy to the Ferries
to I'.iy h Bet.
C. M. Hir^chy, a conductor on the Mis
sion-street line and an enthusiastic sup
porter of McKinley, was wheeled from
LEADERS OF THE LADIES' AID SOCIETY, GRACE M. E. CHURCH.
Twenty-ninth and Mission to the ferries
by John Bronson, a cook, last night, in
payment of an election bet. Bronson
cheered for McKinley at every corner in
compliance with the terms of the wager.
Balore the strange wheelbarrow proces
sion had gone far clans of spectators gath
ered ana welcomed the wagemafcers with
a shower of eggs: but they went Lravely
to the end of their journey, though the
men and the barrow were yellow with eggs
when they had reached :he ferries.
Bronson finally cried aloud, "Ob, Hanna
hasn't done a thing to me!" The men
had a hand-organ alone and made merry
at every corner, attracting a great
crowd.
The Golden West.
A lecture by Rev. a K. Harrison will be
given to-morrow evening at the Pierce-street
chapel. -The Land of the Golden West" will
be the subject, and the lecture will be Illus
trated by stereoptxoon views. The proceeds
will be devoted to the work of ih« chapel.
BOWED TO THE
DREAD BERIBERI
A Case of the Terrible
Oriental Disease in
This City.
G. Ishawaka, a Young Japanese
Farmer, the Un:ortunate
Victim.
SUFFERED SIVERAL YEARS,
A Sickness That Makes Men Lik
Animals and lor Which No Care
Has Been Found.
For the first time in many years a case
of that terrible disease called beriberi, the
terror of the inhabitants of India, Japan
and Ceylon, to which countries it is
mainly confined, has made its appearance
in San Francisco, and, as is invariably the
case, the victim has succumbed.
The victim was G. Ishiwaka, a Japanese
farmer, 23 years of ag' , who died on Mon
day at the Japanese lodging-house at 270
Brannan street after a lingering illness of
at least three years.
Beriberi is more dreaded by Orientals
than even leprosy, the "living death," and
in the countries where it is prevalent is
generally designated as "the slow death."
Beriberi is a Singalese word that means
"the greatest weakness."
The victims are generally young men or
men in the prime of life, and though emi
nent physicians have searched long and
earnestly for the origin and a cure, it has
baffled all their efforts, and is ranked to
day among the hopeless diseases. The
first symptc ms are not alarming, being
merely a muscular weakness, to which
usuaUy little heed is paid. Gradually the
disease spreads from muscle to muscle
until the entire trunk is within its grasp
and then tbe brain is attacked.
Sensory weakness, so gradual that the
victim does not at first notice it, ensues
and slow degeneration progresses to the
end.
Anemia, paralysis and widespread in
flammation of the nerves are among the
last symptom* of the disease, but the>e do
not generally make their appearance until
the patient has faced "the slow Ueath" for
years. The Japanese well know the hope
lessness of trying for a cure, but With the
sto.cism of their race plod on until sheer
weakness compels them to lie down and
wait for the day when death conies to
their relief.
Shortly after the disease attacks the
brain it is not infrequently the ca.-e that
the victims imitate the aciionsof sheep
and other animals. They go on all fours
from inability to stand erect, and as the
nerve ceniers become more and more
affected the animal characteristics become
more and more marked until they are a
constant care to those who harbor them.
One of the most terribie characteristics
of the disease is the constant conscious
ness el slowly approaching death. Hope
less and despairing the unfortunate drags
out a weary existence until tue vita! spark
flickers out and relief comes.
As far as the records of the Health De
partment show this is the first case in San
Francisco in three years and the fourth in
tiie last twenty years.
When Ishiwaka first arrived in this City
from Japan, two years ago, his symptoms
were not fully developed ami he worked
at iarming for some time. Gradually, how
ever, he grew weaker and finally became a
charge on his countrymen, who cared for
him until his death.
Dr. M. Tsumagi, the Japanese physician
who was called to attend him, tried every
available remedy to stay the march of the
disease, but witnout avail, and the patient
constantly reminded Dim that it was use
less aud that he must die.
PETERS' SIDEWALK.
Gray Brog. Want to Supplant Pine
Boards With Art Stone.
Judge Beawell yesterday granted an in
junction io restrain George F. Gray and
Harry N. Gray from tearing up a wooden
sidewalk in front of the premises of Wil
liam Peters, on Sheridan street, near
Tenth. Peters sets forth in his complair.t
that he laid a good sidewalk of Oregon
pine lumber on the 28th of last April, in
accordance with an order from the Super
intendent of fetreets; that the premises
are not within the limits where stone or
art tici.'i! stone walks are required by law;
that subsequently the Superintendent of
Streets made a contract with Gray Bros,
to put down an artificial stone walk, and
that they threaten to destroy his wooden
walk; that they are insolvent and unable
to respond in damages for injury to the
plaintiff's property if they be allowed
to proceed. Peters also demands $500
damages and costs of suit. .
LAFAYETTE GUARD.
Petition for Dissolution of This Weil-
Known Military Company.
Application has been made to the Supe
rior Court for the dissolution of the La
fayette Guard, one of the oldest French
military companies of this City. A recent
law forbids any military organization, ex
cept members of the National Guard oi
v NEW TO DAY— DRY GOODS. ._^_^^
FLANNEL
DEPARTMENT!
ON SALE THIS WEEK!
np t^ jf^ y> /-% i^ >/ <^ V*^*nl
At 25c per Yard.
ISO pieces SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, full 30 inches II
width and in about 40 different patterns.
At 35c per Yard.
125 pieces FANCY SAXONY FLANNELS, new styles and
V colorings. .
At 50c per Yard.
100 pieces FRENCH PRINTED FLANNELS, new and ex-
clusive designs, in the very latest colorings.
At sOc per Yard.
35 pieces WHITE EMBROIDERED FLANNEL, 12 differ-
ent patterns.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
5000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY SILKS, differ-
ent designs and colorings,
Price, 25c per Yard.
: ■ — ' ; - ■
TELEPHONE GRANT IS 4.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STHEtr.
California or the regular army of the
pnited States, to bear arms while marcti
inc in the Stute of California, unless with
special pc mit from the Governor.
On this account the members of the La
fayette Guard reached the conclusion that
they had outlived their usefulness ana re
solved to disincorporate.
All claims against the guard have been
paid, and a balance of several thousand
dollars remains in the treasury. This
money in ail probability will be dividpd
among the members of the company. The
petition for dissolution will be heard by
Judge Slack on the 21st of nexi month.
The career of the Lafayette Guard is an
honorable one, and its members are proud
of its history and its standing in this com
munity.
GRACE CHURCH BAZAAR.
The Ladies of the Aid Society Are
Hopeful of Success.
Tbe second day's attendance at Grace
M. E. Church, on Twenty- first and Capp
streets, yesteraay afternoon and eveni'isr,
was decidedly better than that of the
previous day.
The Sabbath-school room was crowded
last night with the Mission's best society,
and in consequence the ladies were happy.
Ihe "iJungalow,' 1 in which tlie three
little Japanese maids, Miss Luzerne
b 4*' . 8 Emma Salter and Miss Agnes
H. iVilley, serve the daintiest cups of
hisnly flavored tea, is one of the attractive
booths of the bazaar.
Those whose koo I fortune it was to par
take of yesterday's liintier are loud in
their praise of the excellent cooking of the
Mission lad;es.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Several Households Were Legally Sun
dered Yesterday.
Mrs. Lilly A. Wood wa3 granted a di
vorce froru John F. Wood by Judi:e
Dain^erfield yesterday on the ground of
habitual intemperance. She was accorded
the custoilv of the two children and was
allowed $25 a month alimony.
The c&*e was bitterly contested, each
accusing the other of indulging in spirit
aus liquors to an excessive degree. Dur
ing a portion of their married life Mr. and
Mrs. Wood resided at Vallejo.
Divorces were granted in the Superior
Court yesterday as follows:
By Judge Hebbard— Annie H. Turner
from Sidney Turner on the ground of" de
sertion. Plaintiff allowed to resume her
maiden name, Tiilman.
By Judge Hunt— George W. Amstein
from Louisa A. Amstein, for desertion.
An.stein testified that when he asked his
wife to quit drinking she told htm she in
tended to go and live with a man who
would not object to her convivial habits.
A complaint for divorce was yesterday
filed by Caroline A. Segerstrom from Oiaf
Victor Segerstrom.
John P. Scully has sued bis wife for di
vorce on statutory grounds.
Santa Monica Commission.
Captain A. F. Rodgers of the Coast and Geo
detic Survey departed for Washington, D. C
yesterday. He is one of the Commissioners
appointed to look into the Santa Monica and
San Pedro port of entry waiter. The roinmis
sion will hold its first meeting in Washington
and afterward it is like.y the body will come
this coast and possibly have a survey made
of the two harbors to bee which is the better
adHpted for the Government's purposes and
afford trie most shelter for vessels
NEW TO-DAY.
STEINWAY~
PIANOS
Are Used at All the
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Representatives.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.. Kearny and Sutler sts.
OA KLAND, CAL.. Broad and Thirteenth Sts.
PORTLAND, OR., Fifth and Yamhill St*.
SEATTLE, WASH., 716 second St.
— ; — — •
Freud's Corset House.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS.
300 doz. LADIKS'BLACK and DRAB SATEEN,
PKKFECT- FITTING FRENCH MODEL,
. CORSETS, regular price $1 50, will be dosed
out at $1.
COESKTS MADE TO OKDEI! RE-
PAIUKiJ; FIX GI'AKASTfcED.
JUST RECEIVED— A LAKGE INVOICE OF
The- Latest Styles of Bustles and Hip
" Forms,
Genuine Jenness Mill«-r >!■ del Bortlce,
Equipoise , Waists.
PATENT "GOOD SKX.st" CORSET WAISTS,
GENUINE JAI X.SUN, FAVOKITE WAIST.
Cj * 5 if '/ ■ < .A " > * ? °
■' CA XJTlON— Having no nc ies or branch store*,
our Corsets can be purchased only ,at our estate
lishmeut. .:• ■ • ■ . - ' i
Malt Orders receive prompt «f ention.
Illustrated Catalogue mm led free.
MAKE NO MISTAKjTiNOUR ADT)RFS<(
M; FREUD ;i eft* ■ SON
742-744 Market at. and 10-12 Uraat are. - '