VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 113.
STANDING OF
THE PARTIES
Grosvenor's Figures Give
278 Electoral Votes to
McKiniey.
REASONABLY SURE OF
THIS NUMBER.
Thirty-Five More Are Counted
Upon and Sixty-Four Are
Doubtful.
BRYAN'S MANAGERS SUBMIT
ESTIMATES.
Claim the So'id West and South and
a Majority of the Central
States.
ATHENS, Ohio, Sept 20.— General
Grosvenor to-nigut gave out a table of es
timates of the probable result of the
Presidential election at the request of cer
tain members of tbe press in the East.
He said :
I have baen urged for several weeks to au
thorize the publication of a table of estimates
of the Presidential election and I have hesi
tated to do so because there was more or leas
uncertainty in regard to the result. Not that
tne re has ever been any uncertainty or doubt
in tbe Intelligent mind as to who would be
elected, but following the St Louis conven
tion and the nomination of Bryan and Sewall
by one faction of the Democratic party and
tbe substantial absorption of the Populist
party which succeeded that event there was
some uncertainty as to how a number of the
States would finally go, and this condition of
uncertainty has not yet entirely disappeared,
but the general drift of political events has
reached a point where I think I need not hesi
tate to point out substantially how the several
Stale.- will go.
The six New England States, with thirty-nine
electoral votes, will go to McKiniey, so I head
my table as follows: ~ : Vl.,
New England ..; 89 (Wisconsin... „ If
Newborn SB I.w« .. ............ IS
New Jersey ...'...'.... ' ,0 Minnesota ...... 9
Maryland 8 South Dakota ." i
Delaware : 8 Kentucky 13
Pennsylvania ........ 32 (.regon-- ■ . . ■ 4
West Viigtnla. 6 Washington. .......„' '4
0hi0. ....... »x\ California. „•.......:. 9
1ndiana.. ..•..•......;.; 15, •- " • ;
1111u0i5.. ......;... 84] T0ta1........ 278
Michigan.... ........ 14| ~.~".
Here is a total of 278 votes, or 54 more than
sufficient to elect, all of which are practically
sure lor McKiniey. 1 come to some States
which are still in doubt, but which, under the
high tide of Republican success now sweeping
over the country, will be almost sure to vote
for McKiniey— if not all of them, at least a
very large proportion of them, to wit: .
Kansas.:... :..... .10 Wy0ming......... 3
Nebraska 8 . . "
Norm Carolina .lj 'T0ta1.............' 35
North Bale ota 3 :
Here are thirty-five electoral votes, from
which McKmley will surely receive enough to
make good any accident that may befall the
total of 278. Of the remaining States:
.Louisiana. 8 Virginia 12
T- n ; -tee 12
Missouri > 17 Total 64
Texas 16
Are one or more of them within the line of
possibility, I might almost say reasonable
probability? I concede to Bryan and Watson,
or Bryan and Sew<ill, or Bryan and whoever it
may be at the right time:
Alabama. VI. ..'.ll ! Mississippi. 9
vy^nnKas.. . 8 : Montana 3
Murado 4! Nevada . 8
Florida 4 mi v Carolina 9
Georgia.'.:...:.; IS Utah .' a
Idftbu 3
These are practically sure for tbe opposition,
althouch there may be a possible dispute even
along that line.
I put my estimate upon the facts within my
own per.-onal knowledge of the rapid and
mighty change in public sentiment that has
been going on ever since the actual campaign
of 1896 began. I belieTe that the vote of
Arkansas, to which our oppouentß are point
ing with pride, is more significant of comine
results in the Middle and Western States than
is even the magnificent victory in Maine. The
fact that a State like Arkansas, with the enar
acter of whose elections we have Decome bo
familiar, exhibited such a splendid increase of
Republican votes and such a significant de
crease of Democratic votes is in the highest
degree important, and a relative increase of
Republican votes in the other State* in the
Middle and West would give practically n
BoHd vote. No sensible man can snut his eyes
to the fact that tbe KcKinley tide has been
rising since about the Ist of August, and that
the ratio of its increasing power grows greater
every day.
The entire campaign is suggestive of 1872,
when In July and August there was a grave
apprehension that Oreeley might be elected.
Y*t in November he was overwhelmingly and
disastrous. y defeated.
I may add in this connection that estimate*
and prophetic utterance* of our opponents
may be well illustrated by the situation in
Ohio. During my recent trip to the Ehsi I
found scores of Republicans who were
anxiously inquiring If Ohio would be cp.rried
by McKiniey, and scores of Democrats who
Insisted thnt their information left no possibil
ity of doubt of McKlnley's defeat in his native
State. I even saw attributed io Chairman Jones
of Arkansas ihe suggestion that Ohio was confi
dently relied U).on as a Bryan State. Since my
return I have advices from every Congres
sional district in tbe State, and I predict with
confidence that lam willing to maintain at
any hazard thai McKiniey will have more than
100,000 majority in Ohio, and that he will
carry as Muuqr Congressional dtsuicts as we
did in 1894, and in no event will we lose more
than one district.
OF THE BRYANITES.
l/oubt/ul f>falet Claimed by the Silver
Democracy Manager:
CHICAGO, 1n.., Sept. 20.— 8 peaking of
tbe l>emocra!io-Fopuiist organization in
the West and Sontli and the present out
look for Bryan getting enough electoral |
voted to win, J. G. Johnson of Kansas, a
member of the National Compaign Com
mittee at Western Democratic headquart
ers, said to-day to a reporter for the United
Associated Presses:
"When Senator Jones and his associates
began the headquarters work of this cam
paign a line was drawn around a certain
number of States which could be depended
nj.on to cast their electoral voles for Mr.
Bryan; Then a few more States which
we could not be sure of were ad'ied. mak
ing the tota! vote more than enough to
elect our man. In this latter class of
The San Francisco Call
States the silver sentiment tins been
hardening steadily, and the results of our
organization work to date give no indica
tion that McKiuley can carry any of the
States we are concentrating our work
upon. I would not like to name these
States, because it would Jeave the impres
sion in some minds that we had cast off
certain States not included, and which are
not lost to Mr. Bryan by any means.
"It is only necessary foi us to carry two
big Western States, such as Minnesota,
Indiana, lowa or Illinois, to turn the elec
toral vote to Mr. Bryan. For my State,
old and experienced politicians in touch
with the work and sentiment in every
township say that if Bryan carries Kansas
it will not be by less than 20,000 majority,
i see Missouri is claimed by the Republi
cans We learn the gold Democrats are
going to vote for Palmer and the Popu
lists are united in support of our ticket.
Then Mr. Kerens comes to the Republican
headquarters and tells Mr. Hanna the
State is crone. That is a fair illustration
of bow things have been going with us
since we came here. Notwithstanding
what General Grosvenor says, we stand
as good a chance of carrying Ohio or Illi
nois. Captain McCon vilie of oar speakers
department tells me that by October 15 we
will have the enemy in as close a corner as
they ever were in their lives, and he knows
something about the State.
"In Michigan there is the strongest com
bination possible working for Mr. Bryan's
success. The party is thoroughly united
and we have the benefit of Republican
defections, which amount to thousands.
Only twice in the last sixteen years have
the Republicans at their best had 50 per
cent of the total vo.e of Michigan, and
within the last twenty days it has become
practically certain a Bryan State. In Illi
nois the reliable party workers in every
section outside of Cook County have com
piled their estimates and . say that Mr.
Bryan will come to t.e Despiaines River
with 40,000 majority. The vote in Cook
County, which is two-filths of the total
Illinois vote, is an uncertain quantity, but
the conditions are favor able to Mr. Bryan
getting? a large majority of the votes. He
has the support of | the regular Democratic
party, which is splendidly oreanized by
precincts. He has the support of the Pop
ulist party and the support cf organized
labor in the county. There are known to
be. here twice 'as many Republicans who
will vote for Bryan as there are Demo
crats who will , vote against , him. The
army of idle men at present in this county
cannot .reasonably oe expected to vote in
November for a continuance of those con
ditions which have thrown them and sept
them out of employment.
"The Republicans have to win nearly
every trick that is in the tram ana we
don't. It is not extravagant to say that
Mr. Bryan will carry every Btate south of
the Ohio and Potomac and west of the,
Mississippi. That being true, any two
I States out of the' States north of the Ohio
River and east of the Mississippi will
elect him. Only in two -States,. South
Dakota and Oregon, are there Bryan and
Watson ; electoral* tickets, and 1 , they were
given under an agreement with the Demo
crats. There is no more danger of Bryan
losing Texas than there -is■> of his losing
Arkansas. Any man who thinks to the
contrary must be afflicted with McKiniey
insanity. The Southern men I have talked
with simply laugh at the idea of McKin
iey carrying Louisiana." .'<
♦ ■
FUSION CERTIFICATES FILED.
Kan*au Populists Depart From the Usual
'. ... Printed Form.
. TOPEKA, Kanb., Sept. 20.— nomi
nation certificates of the Populist National
and State tickets were filed in the office of
the ; Secretary of / State yesterday. The
documents depart from the usual printed
form, in that at the head of the certifi
cates of nomination for Presidential elec
tors appear these words, "Certificate of
nomination for Presidential electors of
the People's party, whose candidate for
President is William J. Bryan and for
; Vice- President Tnonias '-I.". Watson."
Then follows the entire list of Democratic
electors who are certified > to in the Demo
cratic nomination papers as being the ad
herents of William J. Bryan and Arthur
SewalL These electors were indorsed by
the regular Populist State Convention in
return for the Democratic indorsement of
the Populist State ticket.
A PLATINEM PARTY.
Bow. Two Knu) Yorker* Propone to Solve
the Money i Question.
CHICAGO, III 1 ., 1 Sept. 20.— Louis Lom
bard and R. E. Johnston of New York,
now at the Auditorium Annex, have is
•tied a manifesto in favor of what they
call the "Platinum party," advocating the
use of platinum for .coin. ■ They say the
metal is better than gold,' because it wears
longer; it represents 1 a greater value in a
small bulk; there is no fear of flooding the
country with cheap platinum, and the
standard of value cannot be artificially af
fected. . The founders of this > party- an
nounce . themselves as candidates for the
Presidency.
HISMARCK ON RIMETALLISM.
Thm Iron Chane-Ur.r Fnror* an Intern"
tional Agreement.
DALLAS, Tex.. Sept. 20— In a speech
last night Governor Culberson read cor
respondence between himself and Prince
Bismarck in relation to the financial ques
tion. Bismarck says this is the hour when it
would be advisable to bring about between
the nations chiefly engaged in the world's
commerce a mutual agreement in favor of
the establishment of bimetallism. He
thinks the United States is freer in its
movements than any other nation and
action here would influence an interna
tional agreement.
Mini Murray to Take. the Stump.
NISI SPRINGS. lowa, Sept, 20.— Miss
Minnie F. Murray, the 'woman in white"
who created such a sensation in the Chi
cago convention when Governor Boies was
nominated, will take the platform for
Bryan and Sewall, making her first address
in this city September 24
The Maine Landslide.
AUGUSTA, Mk., Sept. 20— The vote for
(iovcrnor and Congressman, as compiled
trom official re: urns, ?liows a plurality
for Powers of 48,377 and for Congressm an
ol 49,533.
Fell O"er a fliff.
. ST. LOUIS, Mo., Bept. 20.-A special
from Jiminez, Mexico, says: . Emil Reh
baugh, a German naturalist who has been
■•pending the summer in the Sierra Madre
Mountains, wen of liore, was killed by ac
cidentally foiling irom ~;a- cliff, and : his
body was', taken to Alia ta, from wbicii
point it wii^ be shipped to San Francisco
and thence to Germany.. , He was -widely.
known as a scientist in the United States
and Germany. , . )
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
" THERE ARE MOMENTS WHEN ONE WANTS TO BE ALONE"
CALIFORNIA FARMER: "How are you on protection, Mr. Bryan ?"
MINERS RIOTING
AT LEADVILLE
Coronado Mine Building
Blown Up With
Dynamite.
THE RUINS ARE FIRED
Governor Mclntyre Calls Out the
Entire State Militia to
Quell the Riot
A BATTLE WITH WINCHESTERS
An Early Morn in* Skirmish Between
Strikers and Guards at the
Coronado Works.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Bept. 21.— Shortly
alter midnight several heavy explosions
occurred at the Coronado mine. The ex
plosions were followed by many rifle shots
from the vicinity of tbe barricade surround
ing tbe mine, which are thought to have
been fired by an attacking force to cover
the retreat of the dynamiters in an attack
upon the works.
The shooting lasted about 10 minutes,
and has since been followed by desultory
firing.
A telephone message received from the
mine after the first explosions stated that
nobody inside the barricade had been
hurt. After receiving this message com
munication with the mine was interrupted
and has not yet been restored.
Another explosion, presumably of dy
namite, was heard after the break in the
telephone connection, which was followed
bp a bright blaze in ihe vicinity of the
mine.
The Fire Department and the loral mi
litia were hastily called out and hurritdto
tbe assistance of the besieged miners.
They found the works at the mine in a
blaze and when they attempted to turn on
the water to right the flames they were
ordered to desist by the attacking party.
Finaily they succeeded in getting connec
tion with other hydrants and turning, a
stream on the flames. Hardly had this
occurred when a series of explosions were
heard in the traction of the Emraett and
Marion mines, and it is suppose! that an
attack had been made on those working.
A later report from the Coronado mine
states that Fireman O'Keefe was fatally
shot while attempting to turn on the
water and that two unknown men are
dead.
The entire city is astir and thousands
are gathered near the Coronado works.
The Fire Department is now fighting the
names with fair prospects of success.
DENVER, Colo.. Sept. 21.— At the re
quest of Sheriff Neumann of Leadville
Governor Mclntyre at 2 o'clock this morn
ing ordered out tbe entire militia force of
the State to quell the riot in Leadville.
The troops from this city, two infantry
< ompanies and a battery, will reach Lead
ville by noon.
American Prisoner , Relented.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept 29. —Captain-
General Weyler has ordered the release of
Alfredo Herp-andez HUghett, an American
citizen, who was arrested two we"eks ago.
His release is conditional upon his leaving
Cuba. Brenvido Sanchez, a rebel leader,
has been captured in Matanzaa. He is
wounded.
VENEZUELA ONCE MORE.
Official Memorandum ' That . May Lead
to -Further Controversy . t "; ;"' jV;
LONDON, 'Esq., Sept. 3).-Tq« Times
, will - tomorrow publish "a * memorandum
??Beno? ?Benor •Ro>s,- Venezuelan . M.nister
of Foreign Affairs, relative to Lord Salis
bury's note of November, 1895, to Secretary'
Oiney. B«nor;Roias, in an introductory
letter to Secretary Olney, claims that the
memorandum^ which was "published in
Atlanta, Ga., completely refutes ths ' posi
tions taken by Lord . Salisbury, in the
An klo- Venezuelan boundary dispute. The
Times ridicules the arguments set forth in
the memorandum, but admits that the
tone of the document is moderate.
ON THE WAT TO LEITH.
The Czar Leavet Copenhagen for Ilal
' *nornl Cattle,
COPENHAGEN, ; Denmark, . Sep." 20.—
The/visit of the Czar anil Czarina to tbe
King and Queen of Denmark ended to
day and tbeir imperial Majesties, accom
panied by the members of their suites,
started for Leith, whence they go to Bal
moral. According to the present pro- 1
gramme their Majesties will be the guests
of ; Queen Victoria for two weeks; after
which they will go to Paris.
■~ ' . ;'••' - — ♦ " ." — ' :
Itrilith Steamer Wrecked.
NASSAU, N. P., Sept. 20.— The British
steamer Viceroy, Captain Roldo, from
Philadelphia for Havana, with coal, way
■ wrecked on ti.e Island of Abaco on the
17th. She is a total loss. Her crew has
arrived here safely.
PERISH BY THE SWORD.
Slaughter ot Many Christians by
Moslem Fanatics at
Ehin.
Armenian Refugees, Released at Mar
seilles, Will He Sent to
America.
LONDON. Eng., Sept. 20.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Constantinople saying that the
American legation in that city has re
ceived news from one of the American
consulates that a fresh massacre, in which
a large number of Christians were killed,
ha* taken place at Ehin, in the vilayet of
Karppot.
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Chronicle telegraphs that the Ylldiz
Kiosk, the re-idence of the Bultan, is sur
rounded by his Majesty's own troop?.
Many of these have become notoriously
disloyal since tbe Sultan introduced into
Constantinople the Hamidieh Cavalry,
which is composed of notorious Kurdish
thieves and assassins.
Tbe Daily News will to-morrow publish
a letter from Lady Henry Somerset, who
with Miss Frances E. WiJlard went to
Marseilles to aid the Armenian refugees
in that city. She says t'-e great desire of
tbe refugees is to so to America, from
which country came the educational im
pulse thnt opened a larger world to them.
She a«ks the Daily News to collect sub
scriptions to pay their pissage to the
United States, the sum necessary being
£6 each. She adds that Miss Willard has
a plan to find them work upon their ar
rivnl which will render them self-sup
porting.
MARSEILLES, France, Sept. 20.— The
Armenians who nia-le th»» r"»- 1 on the Im
perial Ottoman Bank nnd who were sub
sequently sent io tuis- ■ 'here they
wc-ie placed under arr*-.s .en re
lea-eu. Two o their kaiers hay •, bow
ever, been sent to Gt-iicva. au-i fifteen
others have been placed on * steamer
bound for Buenos Ayres.
THACHER OPPOSED
TO FREE COINAGE
New York Democrats Told
Where Their Leader
Stands
FAVORS ONE STANDARD.
Accepts the Ncmination for Gov
ernor to Keep His Party
Intact
HAS NOT CHANGED ONE IOTA.
Will Hake the Race for the Execu
tive Chair on State Issues
Only.
ALBANY, N. V., Sept. 20.— Mayor John
Boyd Tbacher to-night gare out the fol
lowing statement:
ALBAWT, N. V., Bept. 19. 1896.
Hon. El'iott Danforth, Chairman of the State
Democratic < ommittce. yew York City— Dear sir:
I am iniormed by the public press and by In
dividual delegates that the Democratic party
of tbe State, in convention assembled at
Buffalo on September 17, 1896, did me the
honor of naming me as its candidate for the
high office of Governor. I now learn that the
Slate • ommittee is to meet on Tuesday for the
purpose of appointing a committee to officially
notify me of that fact. It has seemed to me
due to your committee that Defore it takes
that step I should make a statement.
I cannot ask for the confidence and support
of the people of the State without frankly de
claring my position upon the financial issue
now agitating the puDlic. I stand to-day
where I stood in the month of June in the
presence of a convention of tne State Democ
racy. I have not changed an iota in my belief,
nor deviated a step in my course. Tbe com
mercial honor of this Nation is pledged to the
world, and the whole wor.d knows that the
Nation will maintain its honor.
I took part in the Btate convention which
sent delegates to represent the party in the
National Convention at Chicago. Those dele
gates by participation acquiesced in the action
of the National Convention in presenting can
didates for the offices of President and Vice-
Presidentof tbe United 3tates. The State Con
vention of the Democratic party has ratified
the nomination of UMm candidates. I have
learned from the fathers and in turn have en
deavored t<> teach that the Democratic party
is a vehicle to carry the will of tbe people into
effect. Such a vehicle is constructed with dif
ficulty, but is easily destroyed. Fail are now
and then to perform absolutely RatUfactory
service will not justify the utter destruction of
the vehicle. It was not constructed to bear
one bnrden, bnt many and various burdens.
When the financial burden is finally disposed
oi the people will «Uil employ the Democratic
party to support their purposes and to carry
them into effect. When they do thus employ
that party 1. for one, do not want it to be shat
tered and dismembered, but to be •trouy,
united and efficient.
Therefore I snail ca»t my vote for William
Jennings Bryan and Arthur Sewall, the candi
dates in due and regular form chosen by a
majority of that convention. I regret that I
cannot be in full accord on the question of
finance with the sentiment of :be late con
vention, bnt if my position seems inhar
monious with the usual attitude of a candi
date toward his party it should be remem
bered that the conditions are also unusual.
In nominating me I must assume that the
convention was not unaware of my financial
views as expressed in public utterances, and
that it was induced to accord me that dls
tinguithed honor in view of the fact that
under the constitution a Governor of this
State has no official connection whatever with
matters pertaining to the National currency.
It was apparent at Chicago and Buffalo, an
i« expressed at every gathering of citizens
where public questions are discussed, that the
people nre dissatisfied with the present condi
tion of public affairs, and I am in sympathy
with every movement, not revolutionary in
character, which seeks to take burdens from
the shoulders of the masses and to restore
prosperity and peace to all the people.
When the Republican Legislature adjourned
in May. 1896, it leit a record behind it which
every Democrat and independent voter in the
State believed would be at issue before the
people this fall. No question purely National
should be perrtkted to divert onr people in
tnis State election from pronouncing by a
change of administration a verdict against
this record. • • • The people have de
stroyed all vestige of a political boss in the
Democratic party and I belk-ve they will
annihilate bossi«m in tde Republican party.
It ts not important that I, or any other par
ticular individual, should be elected Gover
nor. It is important that the power of one
man should not be perpetuated by two years
more oi Republican executive control. Yours,
John Boto Thacher.
ROKE SMIIH FOR GOLD.
Say* Be Cannot Indorse . the ' Chicago
.. .. Financial Plank.
D ALTON, Qa., Sept. 20 —Ex-Secretary
HoKe Smith spoke here yesterday. He
referred to an address which he delivered
here two years ago in favor of the gold
standard. Then he argued that tne Dem-'
ocratic National Convention should de
clare against the free coinage of .silver.
To-day, he said, he had ; not changed bis
views on the financial question and he
regretted that he could ;" not indorse the
financial plank of tae Chicago platform.
He urged, however, that those who, like
himself, did not approve of this plank
should remain loyal to the regular nomi
nees. '■ ■■•*■•'-■ v
TORTURED BY WHITECAPS
Brutal Treatment of an Onto
Farmer Suspected of
Dishonesty.
Alternately Strung Up by the Hels
or Buried Until Near to
Death.
TOLEDO. Ohio, Sept. 20.— 1t was learned
to-day that a brutal ivhitecapping outrage
occurred within a few miles of Toledo ten
days ago, but the region is so terror
stricken that no one dared to carry word
to the authorities until to-day. A farmer
named Huntsman, living near Holland, in
this county, was the victim. His two
chidren were returning from Holland on
September 9, when two men overtook
them and accused them of finding and
secreting a pocketbook containing $80.
This was denied and the children w. re
searched.
The same men went to Huntsman's
house that night and insisted that the
pocketbook was in the possession of the
family.
They finally went away threatening
vengeance. The following night a band
of a dozen or more men took Huntsman
from his bed and beat him ou.rageouslv.
That done, he was strung up for a few
moments to a tree. He was then lowered
again, beaten and partially buried. Given
a chance* to make a statement, he claimed
to be innocent and was banged by tbe
heels and again buried. He was then
notified to leave tbe county within twelve
hours or die.
The man's jaw was broken ani he was
frightfully bruised, but his fear was so
great that ne and his family remained in
tbe woods without food or medical atten
tion for the following two days.
SUninu Bnrrinem TUit Denver.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 20— Over 100
members of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers arrived in the city to
day to attend the seventy- second session
of this body of scientific men. The pro
gramme of the meeting consists of tbe
reading and discussion of papers, inter
spersed with visits to smelters and other
reduction worts and to some ol tne best
mining districts .of the State.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FALL OF
DONGOLA
English Forces Capture the
Dervish Stronghold by
Strategy.
NO WARRIORS OPPOSE
THEIR ENTRY.
Gunboats Advance Upon the
Town While Its Defenders
Are Absent
DESPERATE BATTLE FOUGHT
AT EL HAFIR.
The Invading Party Giins a Signal
Victory After a Stubborn
Resistance.
CAIRO. Egypt, Sept 20.— A dispatch
from the Angio-E/yptian expedition states
that Dongola, the objective point of the
expedition, has been taken without meet
ing with any resistance from the der
vishes, the place being unoccupied.
The dispatch adds that the town of El
Hafir, north of Dongola, to which place
the dervishes retreated yesterday, was
captured after a hot engagement. After
the place bad fallen into the lianas of the
expedition, the Egyntains captured
*wenty-seven grain-laden boats, the loss
of which will prove a severe biow to the
dervishes. The latter made desperate at
tempts to recapture tbe boats, but a heavy
tire was poured into them by the troops
and tbe gunboats, and they were finally
compelled to abandon their attempts to
regain possession of the boats aud their
cargoes.
Af.er their defeat the entire dervish
force retreated southward upon Dongola.
At tbe same time the expedition's steam
ers started for tbe same place, and being
the quicker reached there before the
dervishes. The city was found to be de
serted by warriors, and the steamers at
once landed a force of infantry to hold it
until the arrival of the main Dody of the
expedition.
At the time the dispatch was sent the
dervishes were approaching Doneola over
land, and scouts reported that they were
carrying mans* of their wounded with
them. Included among tbe wounded are
some of the most noted chiefs.
It is expected that, as the dervishes are
without food or other stores, they will
make a most desperate attempt to again
get possession of Dongola.
El Hatir was not taken by the troops
until after a most stubborn resistance on
the part of the dervishes had been over
come. The riflemen of the latter fought
behind well-made mud forts and in
trenches that were strewn with mats.
These defenses, however, were soon
wrecked by the heavy fire of the Egyptian
artillery and the Maxim battery that was
manned by tbe Connaught Rangers. The
dervishes stood the tire bravely, but were
finally compelled to withdraw from the
place. Their cavalry took no part in the
engagement, remaining some distance off
in the desert and watching the result of
tbe battle. When the British and Egyp
tians landed the entire force retreated
southward.
The capture of the place was hailed
with delight by the natives, who have
long been harried by the dervishes. They
shouted, danced and sang in a frenzied
manner and hailed the expedition as their
deliverers.
DERVISHES OUTWITTED.
Permitted the Gunboat* to Slip By and
Reach Dongottt.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 21.— The corre
spondent of the Daily News who is witb.
the Soudan expedition telegraphs that in.
the attack on Ei Hatir the dervishes were
outwitted. They all advanced on land to
meet the troops, thus permitting the gun
boats to slip past the town, sink one of
their steamers and hurry on to Dongola.
When tbe dervishes saw this move they
turned and tried to overtake the gunboats
aud save Dongola, but the land forces of
the expedition headed them off.
The Staffordshire regiment will follow
the gunboats to Dongola And thus the
dervishes will be placed between two fires.
Wad Bishara, tbe leader of the der
vi-hes, was wounded at El Hafir. He wag
carried outside the range of the guns. A.
prisoner states that when he saw that he
was defeated he exclaimed, "All»h is
against me."
Notwithstanding the assertion oi the
Government that Dongola was the ob
jective point of the Anglo-Egyptian ex
pedition, tbe liOndon newspapers concur
in the opinion that, now Dongola has
been taken, the expedition will proceed to
the reconquest of the entire Soudan.
Failure <> a Sank.
MUSCATINE, lowa, Sept. 20.— The
banking house of A. Hall <fc Co. at West
Liberty, closed its doors yesterday morn
ing. Its assets will exceed the liabilities
by $60 000.
Blood is essential at this season in order to
keep ,' up the health tone ' and . resist the
sudden changes in temperature and expos-
ure to disease germs.
Hood's
■,'■..■.■ -.- .-. ;, -■.../.,■■.: . . .
f% ' '' ' '^ • ' - ' ■-■ ■■-'■'
Sarsaparilla
OcUbafJ cif ifild
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills jsa^ssr&^K2
GERMANY'S EYES
UPON THE SULTAN
Popular Sentiment Curbed
by the Government's
Policy.
AUSTRIA ALSO CHAFING
But No Decisive Step Can Be
Taken Without Russia's
Approval.
ENGLAND'S DYNAMITE SCARE.
Said to B; a Political Device to Operate
Upon the Sensibilities of
the Czar.
p opyrigln,lß96,hy theUnitel Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Geemany, Sept, 20.— Before
starting for his chateau at Alt-Aussee,
Styria, Prince Hobenlobe, the Imperial
Chancellor, paid a visit to Count yon
Munster-Ledenburg, German Embassador
to France, who is spending his holidays
at his estate in Hanover. Count yon
Munster wfll return to Paris on October
5, and it is needless to say that as the re
sult of the visit of Prince Hobenlohe he is
fully primed as to the attitude he is ex
pected to observe throughout the sojourn
of the Cut at the French capital, which,
it is understood, is to keep in the back
ground and watch events. Prince Hohen
lohe will remain in Styria tor a fortnight,
but he has his plaus for the conduct of in
ternational matters during his absence
from Berlin fully mapped out, and every
body concerned is fully instructed in his
line of procedure^ Baron Marschall yon
Bieberstein, German Minister of Foreign
Affairs, is now in Baden, hut his leave of
absence will end on October 12.
In view of the absence of the chief Min
isters of the Government for tbe next
three weeks the foreign Office certainly
cannot be very greatly concerned over an
immediate crisis in the East. What little
diplomatic activity exists now centers in
Vienna.
The Hon. Michael Herbert, First Secre
tary to the British Embassy a» Constanti
nople, who so efficiently acted as the sub
stitute of Sir Philip Currie, the British
Embaseador to Turkey during the recent
absence of the latter in England, is on his
way to England on leave of absence. He
remained four days in Vienna, leaving
there on Friday. While he was staying in
tue Austrian capital Mr. Herbert bad
three interviews with Count Goluchowski,
the Austrian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
who is very plainly showing his desire to
make for himself a historic name as a
statesman by taking the initiative in deal
ing with the Sultan. Only time can de
cide whether he is a fusJy intarmecWler or
a far-sighted politician.
Mr. Herbert, according to reliable ad
vices which have been received here, ad
▼l<ed Connt Goluchowski to disregard the
oft-repeaied Turkish menaces of a general
massacre of Christians in Turkey. If the
powers collectively, or England alone,
should send a fleet to Constantinople, Mr.
Herbert does not believe thai the Sultan
possesses the power to effect a general
slaughter of Europeans in the Turci«h
capital city, and he so expressed himseif
to Count Goluchowski. Mr. Herbert has
also been permitted to repeat to the Aus
tria.i Foreign Minister his estimate, which
he sent to the British Foreign Office, of
the forces on land and at sea which would
be necessary to keep order at Constanti
nople in the event that the Sultan should
be deposed.
Em peror Francis Joseph of Austria pre
sided over a ministerial council in Vienna
on Friday, at which Count Goluchowski,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count Ba
deni, Prime Minister, Baron Banffy, Hun
garian Premier, and Baron Kallay de
Nagy-Kalie, Chief of the Imperial Finan
cial Department, were present. Tnis
council is the last that will be held before
the Emperor starts on bis programme, his
work beginning with the Galician military
maneuvers and the Hungarian maneuvers
inaugurating tbe iron gates of tbe Danube
canal and his visit to Bucharest. Since
the council was held the semi-official
press of Vienna have continued their at
tacks upon Lord Salisbury without abate
ment. The Berlin official circle seems to
have got an inkling of the change in
the Austrian policy, which is iess pro-
Russian than formerly. Probably a fac
tor influencing Count Goluchowski in de
ciding upon the change was the declar
ation made by Baron Banfty at the coun
cil tdat the dissolution of the Hungarian
Parliament had been fixed to take place
in October and that the new parliamen
tary elections would be held in Novem
ber. These events, he said, must not be
accompanied by the reproach that Hun
gary had been made a tool of the Czar.
The anti-Turkish meetings which have
been held in the various populous centers
throughout Germany show a rapidly in
creasing concern in the massacres of
Christians in ihe Sultan's dominion. The
Catholic clergy have not as yet taken so
active a part in the agitation as the
Protestant clergy have, but the Catholic
laity are subscribing liberally to the Ar
menian relief funds and the Centrist
newspapers urge the necessity of dealing
with the Sultan promptly, vigorously and
finally. Dr. Lieber, the leader cf the
Centrist party in the Reichstag, proposes
to demand that the Government adopt an
uneqnivocal policy in regard to the Turk
ish massacres of Christians just as soon
aa the Reichstag resumes its sittings in
November.
Trre Reichsbote, a Conservative organ,
poure out torrents of wrath at the alleged
German apathy in the matter of -the
slaughter of Christians, but the question
is whether or not Germany is apathetic.
It is true that the Government supprehses
any tendency on the part of the semi
official press toward public excitement
ngainst the Porte, yet from every quarter
of the empire coma signs that the great
political parties, the Conservative, Cen
trist. National, Liberal and Freisinnige,
are waking up and will make it impossi
ble for the existence of a Government
having no distinctive German policy in
regard to Turkey, merely saying "ditto' 1
to the Russian or Austrian policy.
The English so-called dynamite plot is
suspected here, where police dodges are
possibly better known than in England,
as being a trick upon the Czar. The
National Zeitung in an article upon the
subject »aye: "The English newspapers
have made a tremendous commotion over
the affair, their articles being obviously
aimed at operating upon the sensibilities
of the Czar.
The Vossische Zeitong, however, ex
presses belief that there really is, or was,
a Fenian-anarchist conspirac}-, though the
jjap«?r is not aware how widely divergent
Fenian ism and anarchism are.
The Vorwaerts, organ of the Socialists,
views the matter naturally as a police
plot, and assails Chief Inspector Melville
ot the Scotland Yard police as the foster
father of tbe Berlin anarchists.
The Neuste Nachrichten and many
other newsparers express hope that at
last England will rouse herself to energetic
action against the anarchist pestilence
which nurse bat her bosom and join the
Continental Governments in the adoption
of measures for its total extinction.
The first international woman's con
gress was opened here Saturday in the
great hail of the Berlin city buildings, and
its sessions will last a week. Six hundred
women delegates are present, and the
women are in attendance as representa- |
tives of the women of Buda-Pesth. The pro- |
ceedings yesterday were restricted to mere j
formalities and to-day was devoted to a I
inception of the delegates, The matters of
international importance to be discussed
are the woman s rights question, upon
which Mrs. F. C. French of Washington
and Mrs. Wright Sewall of Indianapolis will
speak, amons others. The lollowing days
will be devoted tv the discussion of ques
tions affecting the protection of children,
early education in female schools, employ
ment of women, wages, hours and kindred
subjects.
Iv the discussion upon the subject of
workingwomen's clubs Mrs. Thomas Kirk- j
bridge of Philadelphia and Mrs. Ormiston
Chant of London will speak, and these
ladies with others will address the con
gress upon tbe fight of women against
alcohol, and other themes, including
woman suffrage and provision for the or
phan poor. It is quite plain that the con
gress will have a big field to traverse.
The socialist executive committees have
placed upon tLe Agenda booK of the con
gress demands for woman suffrage and
equal legal rights for women with men.
A meeting of female socialists has ap
pointeii special delegates to the congress.
The Kreuz Zeitung announces that the
Conservatives of Germany are beginning \
to share the indignation of the people of
England at the Sultan's inhuman Govern
ment, but do not lavor the English de
mand for the deposition of the Sultan.
The best scheme to be followed, the paper
thinks, would be the formation o: a Euro
pean commission to control the Sultan
and hh Ministers by making the appoint
ment of the latter, as well as the appoint
ment of territorial governors, subject to
the approval of the Embassadors.
The Czar and Czarina are timed to ar
rive at Darmstadt on October 10. The
Kaiser will not go to Darmstadt to meet
them.
Tbe rupture between the editors of the
Vorwaens and Herr Liebicnecht, the So
cialist leader in the Reichstag, continues.
Fischer, one of the participants in the
quarrel, urges a halt, representing that
tbe display of the Socialist dirty linen in
public would only be to play into the ene
my's hand, and he promises a private set
tlement of the differences between Herr
Liebicnecht and the editors.
Tue socialists have gained five seats in
the Prussian Landtag in the recent elec
tions.
Baron yon Ketteler, first secretary of
the German embassy in Washington, has
sailed for New York on board the steamer
Normannia.
Liberecht yon Kotze, the court chamber
lain and master of ceremonies, who is still
a prisoner in tne fortress at Glatz, where
he is confined for participating in the duel
which resulted in the death of Baron yon
Schraeder, has resigned his office of mas
ter of ceremonies, but the Emperer has
permitted him to retain his office of court
chamberlain and also to hoid his military
office of captain in ue reserve cavalry.
BALL-PLAYER'S SUICIDE.
Edward N. Crane, the Famous
Pitcher, Takes a Dose of
Poison.
His Brilliant Career en tb.3 Diamond
Field Fol'owid by One of
Dissipation.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Sept. 20.— Edward
N. Crane, who was in his time one of the
nnest baseball pitchers in the country,
ended his life at Congress Hall last night.
He had been drinking heavily of late and
became despondent. An empty bottle of
poison on the dresser this morning tells
the story.
Edward Crane has for twelve years been
prominently identified with the National
(jam*. He first sprang into prominence
in 1887, when he pitched a phenomenal
series and won the international cham
pionship for Toronto. He was eagerly
sought after the next year and went to
New York for a princely sum. He won
the championship of the world for the
New Yorks over the St. Louis Browns, the
champions of the American Association.
He duplicated his phenomenal work the
next year. Since that time he did some
steady playing, but for the pant two years
his work has been ragged.
Last year he was released by Toronto
and played the season out with Rochester.
This year be began with Providence, was
thrown to Springfield and was left in the
lurch. He was engaged a* an umpire by
President Pat Powers, but did not give
satisfaction. Since then he has been given
over to dissipation.
The body of the dead man will probably
be taken to Boston for burial. He leaves a
widow and one child. An inquest will be
beid to-morrow.
AT THE GOLDEN HORN. A VIEW FROM CONSTANTINOPLE
The capital of the Ottoman Empire is now a point upon which the eyes of the leading diplomats of European powers arc turned.
Anxious as England and Germany appear to suppress the slaughter of Armenians, both nations are loth to act except in concert with Russia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
McKINLEY HAS A
VERY BUSY WEEK
Meets and Greets Over a
Hundred Thousand
Persons.
ENDLESS DELEGATIONS.
Assured of Success in Illinois,
Minnesota, Wyoming and
Colorado.
ALSO NEBRASKA AND IDAHO.
The Public Clamor for the Major's
Printed Speeches Is Beyond
All Precedent.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 20.— Major Mc-
Einley closed last night the most arduous
week of the campaign. He remained at
home all day to-day and in the evening
received a lew personal friends. Thore
were no callers of a National or political
reputation.
Major McKinley has shaken bands with
upward of 60,000 people during the past
week and has had in the aggregate about
100,000 visitors. This week he will have
delegations every day after Mopday and
will have to make as many format speeches
as he did last week. The speeches which
Major McKinley made in August, to
gether with some account of the circum
stances which called them forth, have
been printed and bound and will be ready
for distribution this week. The demand*
for his speeches made between the day
ot his nomination and the Ist or August
and his >etter of acceptance, is unabated.
The published speeches now number
sixty, but the additions for September
will brine the total up to more than 100.
Major McKinley was in excellent spirits
to-day. He thinks the situation is im
proving daily. Several callers to-day lrom
the far West have told him that Wyom
ing, Colorado and Idaho have been thor
oughly canvasaed and that there is ample
foundation for the belief that he will carry
them all, but with small pluralities.
The news which Major McKinley had
to-day from the Pacinc tilope is reassur
ing. He is informed that if the present
exertion which Republicans are making
there be continued every t^tate on the Pa
cific Coast will be carried by the Ropubli
ca v s.
Senator Cullom assured Major McKin
ley that Illinois would etve him 100,000
plurality, and Congies^inan McCleary of
Minnesota said that the sound-money idea
would prevail in his State and that it was
growing stronger every hour.
Senator Tburston is continent that the
Republicans will carry Nebraska and told
Major McKinley thut he need have no
further apprehension on that score.
C. L. Kurtz, chairman of the Republi
can State Committee, wires to-day that
Senator-el- ct J. B. Foraker will take the
stump this week in Ohio, and devote all
the rest of the campaign to the wort of
making political speeches. He has been
asked to make a trip to the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Kurtz expects to have five speeches
from Thomas B. Reed of Maine in Ohio
witnin a short time.
Among the telegrams received to-day
were the following:
CHEYENNE, Wye, Sept 20.— McKinley and
Hobart Club, 900 members organized, send
preetinjts and assurances of support. Wyoming
Republicans for protection and sound money.
John G. Baird, President
FLAGSTAFF. Ariz., Sept. 20.— Republicans
of Coconino County, Arizona, Fend greetings
and assurances of unanimous indorsement in
the convention yesterday of the Republican
nominations and platform throughout.
R. B. Burks, Chairman.
Telegrams were received notifying Major
McKinley of the formation of a large num
ber of Republican clubs.
BRYAN'S QUIET SARRATS.
The Monxinei Occupies coin's Old few
at Church. A«rn«>.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 20— Mr.
Bryan's plans for this evening were
rather hastily changed in order to
permit him to make the neces
sary railroad connections to fill his en
gagement in Dover, Del., to-morrow. In
stead of remaining here until to-morrow
morning, he left to-night over the Penn
sylvania Railroad for Baltimore at 10
o clock, and will leave that city to-morrow
at 6:10 for Dover.
The Sabbath day was occupied by the
candidate in securing a much-needed rest.
He retired last evening at midnight im
mediately upon his return from Balti
more, and slept until 8 o'clock this morn
ing, when he arose much refreshed. He
remained quietly indoors until 11 o'clock,
when he attended service at the New York
Avenue Presbyterian Church.
The announcement of this fact at
tracted to the church a number of per
sons not accustomed to worship there, but
the edifice was by no means crowded.
Mr. Bryan was not a stranger to the mem
bers of New York Avenue Church. Dur
ing his Congressional career, and while
Rev. William Bartlert was pastor, Mr.
Bry ;n was a frequent attendant upon the
services. He usually escorted his father, a
tall, striking looking man, with heavy
gray locks, who was blind or nearly so.
To-day Mr. Bryan had a seat in the pew
occupied by President Lincoln who at
tended tbe church under the pastorate of
Dr. Gurley. Rev. Dr. Radcline, the pas
tor, bad no knowledge ol the intended
presence of the Presidential candidate
un til he reached tbe house. There was only
the slightest reference ,in any part of the
service to the pending political struggle.
In his prayer the preacher asked that
in this time of commotion the Lord would
be with the people and that the President
whom they might select would be one of
the Lord's own choosing, giving the coun
try "peace and honor.' 1 Dr. Radcliffe's
text was taken from the story of Solomon's
dream: "Ask What I Shall Give You."
At the close of the services Mr. Bryan
went forward to the pulpit, as bad been
his custom, and spoke a few words to the
preacher. Many of the congregation took
advantage of the opportunity to press for
ward and pay their respects. As he left
the church there was slight cheering by
the crowd that waited for his appearance.
GERM AN CATROLION CONTENE.
An Effort mil Be Made to Unify the
Various Societies.
DETROIT, Mien., Sept. 20.— Delegates
to the conventions of the Roman Catholic
Central Association, the German Young
Men's Union, the German Priests' Associa
tion and the Familien Verein, which com
menced in this city to-day, are here in
large numbers. The leading convention
of the quartet is that of the Central Asso
ciation, which has attracted 250 delegates
representing 60,000 members. The pro
ceedings of the Central Association will
be secret, but it is declared to be the in
tention to bring about a union of all the
Catholic German-American societies and
eventually of the societies affiliated with
the church, for mutual counsel and pro
tection against anti-Catholic movements.
■To-morrow evening a torchlight proces
sion with 15,000 people in line will be the
event in honor of the convention.
JiUJIGLAi: KILLED.
Shot Through the Heart While fleeing
from Policemen.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 20.— Early
this morning Officers Becker and Carey
saw three men, John O'Brien, William
Walsh and a third whose name is un
known, leave a cigar-store at 1135 Broad
way. Supposing that a burglary had been
committed the officers called to them to
halt, but they broke into n run through
West Thirty-fifth street. The policemen
gave chase and captured Walsh. O'Brien
was. a considerable distance ahead and
one of the officers fired twice. The first
shot missed O'Brien, but the second hit
nim in the back and passed through his
heart, killing, him instantly. The third
burglar escaped. A bundle that O'Brien
had thrown away contained . six boxes of
cigars. O'Brien's . body was taken to the
Morgue. . !&S&gE&££&^s%*:
Indiana's Gift to Her Xamemake.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., Sept. 20.—
Governor Claude Matthews of Indiana, ac
companied by several members of his
staff, a committee of leading citizens of
Indianapolis and a number of ladies, ar
rived here yesterday en route to Torap
kinsville, S. 1., where on Monday at 2 p. m.
they will present the new battle-ship In
diana with a handsome silver service
raised by subscription. Governor Mat
thews says he thinks Bryan will have the
biggest majority Indiana ever gave.
|| Salli* Alberton'* Long Life Ended.
DENISOX. Tex., Sept. 20.— Mrs. Sallie
Alberson, aged US years, died near Col
bert this morning. Mrs. Alberson was
the wife of Chief Alberson, who was in the
Creek war *ith Jackson in 1812. She was
the oldest person in the Nation and has
great-grandchildren who have passed the
half-century mile post.
Wooden-Dlth factory Burned.
TKAVERSE CITY, Mich., Sept. 20—
Fire to-day caused a loss of about $50,000
to the Oval Wooden-Dish Company, whose
factory is the largest of the kind in the
world. Two hundred men are thrown out
of work temporarily.
SCOTLAND YARD'S
SENSATION DIES
The Dynamite Scare Fails
to Create a Popular
Panic.
A SUBJECT OF DERISION.
Dubious Methods Employed by
the Sleuths to Startle
the World.
NICHOLAS IS VERY NERVOUS.
Every Precaution Is Taken for His
Safety When He Lands on
English Soil.
rCopyrljht 1896 by the New York Times.J
LONDON, Eko., Sept. 20.— The London
newspapers made most frenzied efforts to
invest the capture of Tynan and his col
leagues with tremendous importance, and
they have really given more space and
wilder headlines to the affair than the
actual dynamite explosions used to get a
dozen years ago; but all their clamor
failed to create anything like a popular
panic. Indeed, so far as I can see, "the man
in the street" is deriding the whole thing.
Scotland Yard gave its case all away at
tbe very outset, in its eagerness for newspa
per flattery, by explaining how it had been
warned from America that these terrible
conspirators were coming, and by telling
how it had shadowed all of them every
hour Bince they had landed. Upon re
flection people do not find this such an
extraordinary feat, and, moreover, they
have been growing suspicious about the
relations between Scotland Yard and the
Clan-na-Gael ever since Le Caron's revela
tions. In this present case, for instance,
it is asked bow we can be sure that the
very spies who sent the warning of
Tynan's coming, did not furnish the
money for Tynan to come with. Aside
from this there is the fact that none of
these criminal idiots have done anything
except get drunk and. proclaim desperate
resolves to barrooms full of strangers.
The chances are twenty to one against
either Tynan or the two fellows arrested
at Rotterdam being nanded over to Eng
land, and it is a matter of grave doubt if
the English officials ever expected or de
sired such action. There is, indeed, prob
ably enough evidence to put Ivory on
trial, possibly to convict him, and this,
with the reclame of the seizures at Bou
logne and Rotterdam, will give Scotland
Yard a sufficient advertisement. It is
noteworthy that in Ireland, Tynan, Kear
ney and Haines are everywhere repudi
ated as frauds of the lowest order. Natur
ally, Ivory's presence in Scotland associ
ated the plot at once with the impending
visit of the Czar. Yet nothing could be
more unlikely than that they had any
connection, for the physical force group of
Irishmen always have cheers for Russia
in her assumed capacity as the enemy of
England. Stiil, the deduction seems to
have been taken seriously by the Czar
himself, or at least by those responsible
for his safety.
Not only have precautions at Leith and
on the rouie to Balmoral been increased
until all that part of Scotland is in some
thing like a state of siege, but the exact
time of the Czar's arrivalin Leith harbor
and all the subsequent timetables by rail
are still kept unsettled. It is probable
that he will reach Leith on Monday, but
not even that is officially decided.
The police of Paris are stirred by this
sensational outcry into making domicil
iary visits all over the city, and I am ad
vised from the Foreign Office that not
only will new passports be needed by
straneers who visit France to see the re
ception of the Czar, but it will be well also
to so and register one's name at tbe Bu
reau oi Foreign Residents.
The Paris papers are haying great fun
over the question of a uniform in which
President Faure can prof erly receive the
imperial guests. This notion was started
as a journalistic joke, but President Faure
took it seriously and bad his tailors make
and submit a lot of designs.
It is understood that the Ministry vetoed
this pleasing project, but M. Faure got
out of the dress schemes submitted tbe
basis of an idea for a distinctive uniform
to wear while reviewing the troops, and
this uniform he has been wearing all the
week at the Aneouleme maneuvers. It is
a riding cOßtume consisting of a black
hussar jacket, heavily braided, tight
mouse-colored trousers, worn inside van
dyke boots, a low black slouched bat.
with a curling brim and a short nut-brown
overcoat, cut rather like a cavalry officer's
hooded cloak. Thus attired M. Faure has
ridden about on a light chestnut steed,
followed by an Elysee groom in a French
blue coat and a silk hat with a tri-color
cockade on it. The effect oi this on the
army has not been reported, but the boule
vards are still holding their sides with
merriment.
One of the favorite pleasantries i 9 to the
effect that the peasants of La Charente all
firmly believed that the groom was the
president. This jesting seems to be all
good-natured enough, but none tbe iess
ridicule is a sharper pointed weapon in
France than in some otuer land*, and if
M. Faure were to show that he resented
this chaffing he would be made to suffer
at once. Fortunately, he has a very
cheery temperament and displays such
naive ecstasy in being President, even
when he is called tbe "shop-waiker of the
republic," tnat it is to the genial side of
the popular mind that he irresistibly ap
peals. Harald Feedehick.
Bit VIAL, WIfE MUHOEJt.F
The Woman liragoett to the Wood* and
Her Throat Cut.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 20.— The cit
izens of Bedford, twelve miles south of
this city, are horror-stricken over a highly
sensational murder which took place there
late this afternoon.
James McMillan, who had separated
from his wife, decoyed her from her
father's house, kidnaped her, drove to a
dense wood, and there hacked her throat
with a jackknife. Pursuers frightened
him away. He stole a horse and buggy
and Btarted across the country, pursued
by halt a dozen men in buggies. If they
capture him there is apt to be another
death.
NAMES OF BATTLE-SHIPS
California, Alabama and Penn
sylvania Will Probably
Be Selected.
Numerous Suggestions Are Made as
to Names for the Six New
Gunboats.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 20.— For
fully three months the question of naming
not only tbe new torpedo-boats, but the
six composite gunboats and the three
newest battle ships, has been before Secre
tary Herbert. In some cases the plan bai
been to allow the Secretary under the ad»
ministration in which the vessel is
launched to choose the name rather than
tbe one under which she has been planned
or which has made the contract for her
construction ; but there are also cases in
which the name has been given when a
vessel's keel has been laid. This last np
pears also to be a familiar practice in Eng
land and other foreign countries, esreo
ia Ily in cases of larpe ships a long time
under construction. It is probable, there
fore, that Secretary Heroert will avail
hitu-eif of his privilege to name the new
battle-ships when the contracts for them
are given out, or soon afterward. Indeed,
it has bean intimated that tbe three States
selected are California, Alabama and
Pennsylvania.
The first of these names ia presumably
suggested in part by the lact that one of
the snips, as in the case of the Oregon,
will be built on the Pacific Coast. Ala
bama Is the Secretarj 's own State, and,
although there is already a Montgomery
in the navy, it ia not nulikely that he will
make this selection. Pennsylvania is a
good name for a battle-ship, and the fact
that the Cramps have built so many of
oar vessels would be an additional reason
for its selection.
As to the six gunboats, the applicants
for standing sponsors to them are numer
ous. Such names as Allegheny, Birming
ham, Bridgeport, Chattanooga, Chelsea,
Germantown, Gloucester, Lexington, Ken
esaw, Marietta. New Bedford, New Lon
don, Norfolk, North Point, Niagara, Ta
coma, Vicksburg and Wheeling will sug
gest the variety of applications and there
are others, like Albany, Cleveland,
Omaha, Pittaburg and St. Louis.
Tne board which is planning a reserve
fleet system for the navy is understood to
be considering three yards from which to
select a station for laying up ships in or
dinary on the Atlantic coast. They are
the Brooklyn, the Portsmouth and the
League Island yards. Each has points in
its favor, and it is possible that two of
them will be used. Each of these has the
advantage of being situated directly at a
great manufacturing and commercial city,
where there is not only plenty of labor at
command, but ship building material of
all sons, with abundant supplies. When
a Bhip is laid np in reserve, it is with the
intent of having her ready to be put in
commission at short notice.
Soon a similar station will be selected
for the Pacific Coast.
Torpedo boats will be laid up in reserve
like cruisers, monitors and battleships,
but for them sheds will be constructed,
and it ia not unlikely that they may be
found at several navy yards along the
coast, since these craft are essentially for
local defense and should be ready to act
promptly, and each section of the coast
have its share of them.
Lieutenant William F. Hancock, Fifth
Artillery, ia relieved from the completion
of shipment of Government property from
the University to Rock Island, 111. He
will then proceed to join his battery.
SAN JOSE MARKSMEN WIN
Empire Gun Ciub of Oakland
B;aten in a Shooting
Contest.
Tbe Garden City Cyclers' Team Takes
the Match— Preparing for the
Tournament.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 30.— The inani
mate target contest between tha Empire
Gun Club of Oakland and the Garden City
Cyclers' Gun Club of this city took place
• to-day and attracted a large crowd to the
Cyclers' Club's new ' shooting grounds on
the Poihemus tract. The visiting team
was accompanied by many members of
the club and a number of ladies. The
scores made were very poor, but this was
accounted for by the poor light due to the
cloudy day and the fact that the blue
rocks were thrown ;iow. The match was
won ;by the Garden City Cyclers' : team,
with a score of 208 to ; 192 for the visiting
team. The marksmen with their respec
tive scores were as follows : ,
F^Jnrtrt BWot ra-- OABDJ2T CITY CYCT.IBS.
«»:::::::::: 11 K-S;;;;;:-:;;;^
B. H.Kads... iOi W. Lipattt ........... 11
H.MenuenhaU.....,: 81 W. B. Hobson.. '.'.'.'.'.'. 14
L. Hauxhutst 8 A. Al. 8anter......... 18
nW' 1.""'"'""/1 .""'"'""/ 17 F. H01me5............ 20'
O. Bllllngton •_'() ,;. H. Anderson S3
K. Newton. ...... ■-.;, 38 R. CeyisendaU^....,. 20
vV.B. Sears .......... la x. Meicaif IB
F.Howe ........ 17 J. Carroll ai
Tout ;-.-;'....-.-.. 1951 * T0ta1.....?.. .....isoi
The Cyclers' team is making extensive
preparations for the California Inanimate
Target Association meet, which will be
held in this city on October 4 ana 6.
Twenty-four clnbs have already entered
for this contest, and at least thirty aro
expected. Over 200 participants will ~n
dulge in the sport. Fifty thousand 6;ue
rocks have Deen purchased, and are now
in a tent on the grounds. Five ele ctric
traps will be operated during the match.
It is estimated that this will be tbe biggest
inanimate target shoot ever held in this
State, and sportsmen from many sections
will be present. Several of the gun clubs
will have two or more teams contesting
for the prizes. \
Next Sunday the Cyclers' Gun Club wil
have a match shoot against the Olympic
Gun Club of San Francisco on the same
grounds.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in ihe National
League Yesterday.
Clubs. Won. Lost. t ™ u
CLUB*
Baltimore 87 87 .701
Cleveland .„.....„ 77 46 .831
Cincinnati. 76 49 .608
-bicafio ; 71 57 .554
Boston ...;.... 70 58 .555
Pitubnre. 84 60 .618
Philadelphia ; 61 64 488
New for* 61 64 .488
Brooklyn 66 69 .448
Washington. 56 69 .448
St. Louis. ;.:-„ .....; 88 89 .299
Louisville. : ...... •-; - - ■■■ 35 90 .280
ST LOUIS, Mo., Sept 20.— McFarland's home
run in the ninth inning, with Cross on first
base, won tbe game for St. Louis. Score: St.
Louis— 3, 9, .2; Chicagos— 2, 7, 2. Batteries—
Hart and McFarland; Donahue and Griffith.
Umpire— Lai It.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 20.— With the ex
cepiion of tue first two innings Louisville
could not hit Rhlnes with any effect, and ia
only one inning, ihe sixtn, were the locals
able to bunch their hit* off Hill. Attendance
3500. Score: Cinclnnatis— 4,s, 2: Louisvilles
—3, 9, 1. Batteries— Rhine* and Vaughn ; Hill
and Dexter. Umpire — Foreman.
* Stockton *core» a Winning.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept 20.— T0-day's
baseball game wa* one of the best of the
season. It was the lirst played by the
Stockton team since it re-entered the
league formed by tbe Imperials, San
Franciscos, Oaklands and Stocktons. The
game was snappy from start 10 finish, tbe
local men winning by timely fielding and
good work with the stic*. Cooney and
Lochhead for San Francisco and Stockton
made three base hits. Two base hits
were made by Iburg and Chase. The
great fielding of the day was done by
Monahan of San Francisco. The score by
innings were as follows:
Stockton 2 10 0 4 10 0 0-8
San Francisco 2 0 0 O O 1 O O I—4
NEW TO-DAY.
ROOS BROS.'
Not the kind yon bear so much about and see so
little of, but a legitimate offering by a legitimate
bouse. . . .
i; 500 Boys' Combination Suits
1 Coat, 2 Knee Pants, 1 Cap, all
of same material. The entire
outfit for $2.
200 Children's Overcoats with
Capes. • Neat and stylish. For
ages 2£ to 12. Our special price
is $2.
150 Boys' Long Pants Suits
in neat shades, ; this season's
styles, for ages 13 to 19, $7.50.
Remember, we are the only
house carrying fine imported as
well as domestic styles. '
See our Kearny and Post
street windows.
- Peep in the Hat and Cap De-
partment — a money - saver for
you. ;,-■. . :"•. v;
Mall orders hrv*> every attention. ■••'■
: ui y A?~-&~ la
Have You
Noticed Your Loss?
You ought to check the s«cr;t waste that
18 threatening your physical constitution;
you can see by the j failure :of your vital
forces/your memory and intellect that you
are losing your manhood. It is worse than
foolish to let it go on, for each day it grows
worse, and in time will undermine your
system; then you cannot be cured. Every
man should know himself, therefore study
your own case and you will understand
that something is sure to give way unless
this waste is checked.
It can be stopped in from two to six
weeks by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. The
contractile effects produced by the electric:
current from this belt check all unnatural
drain quickly and give back the strength
and vigor that is needed to make manhood
perfect. ; ;
In justice to your future happiness . act
now, while there is yet a spark of vitality
left you. Dr. Sanden's Belt develops the
vital spark to vigorous power.
Read about it in "Three Classes of Men,"
which : will be sent free on application
closely sealed. Call or address \
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market , Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. M. m
i 8:30 r. *.; Uuadays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
, - OFFICES AT: .
I XOS A.NGELEB, CAI*. I PORTLAND, OJL. '
j 804 South Broadway. [ 238 Wasblngtoa atrNk,IN THE FIELD OF
COAST POLITICS
Hon. H. V. Morehouse on
the Outlook in Santa
Clara.
M'KINLEY IN THE LEAD.
The Senatorial Nominee Predicts
a Decisive Republican
Victory.
SEHTIMENT IN SAN DIEGO.
Prominent Democrats Forsake the
Chicago Platform and
Nominees.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 20.-Hon. H. V.
Morehouse, the Republican nominee for
State Senator in the Thirty-first District,
in speaking of ' the political outlook said:
"McKinley will be elected President and
Santa Clara County will give a large vote
for the Republican nominee. lam a Re
publican and as such am in perfect ac
cord with the declaration of principles as
set. forth in the National Republican plat
form. I firmly ; . believe in protection and
I believe that the depressed business con
ditions of the country following the un
wise policy of the Democratic j party in
overthrowing the McKinley tariff has
taught the people of these United States
that prosperity will not return except
under the leadership of McKiriley and the
Republican party. The country must re
turn to protection and sound money must
be the only ' money " consistent with
National honor.
"One thing is certain: the money issue
is beyond question secondary to s prosper
ity. j What we want is business, and when
ever factories are opened, our people em
.ployed, our markets restored to our own"
people and our country once more in the
prosperous condition it always has been
under Republican rule, then money will
regulate itself. There is one political
truth beyond controversy : the Republican
party has been the only party which has
dealt with and established the finances of
the country on a sound money basis, and
it will be true to the best interests of all
the people. It has always been the party
of honesty and principle. It will carry
the country. There is no fear of McKin
ley election.
"In this county we have never had be
fore in its history such splendid organiza
tion and such harmony ill the party
ranks. . Dissension has been laid aside
and the county will give a larger Republi
can majority than ever before. Our local
ticket is strong; politically. Every man
nominated is especially qualified for the
position for which he was placed before
the people. I have no fears of the result.
It must be remembered that Santa Clara
County has a very intelligent and superior
class of people, and the Wilson bill has
been very injurious to the business inter
ests of our people. There are no defec
tions in our ranks .and there is no doubt
of cur pieces*."'
THEY SUPPORT McKINLEY.
Prominent San Diego- Democrats J3e
tt ounce the Chicago Platform.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. Some of
the most prominent men in the .city, who
have been Democrats, all their lives, will
Tote for McKinley this fall. As a general
rule, it is tbe financial question that drives
them into the Republican party. Some,
however, have other reasons. One promi
nent Democrat, who did not wish his
name used just yet, said:
"The reasons why I won't vote for
Bryan are: First, I will not vote for a man
who attacks the highest tribunal in the
land; second, who holds that the Federal
Government has no right to send troops to
quell a disturbance in a State .where the
local authorities are powerless to enforce
order; third, who stirs up discontent and
strife and endeavors to destroy the con
fidence that is the foundation ot business."
Following are the views of several lead
ing Democrats who will vote for Mc-
Kinley:
Major Levi Chase — From the time the
Democratic convention was held in Chi
cago my mind has been made up to sup
port McKinley, for the reason that the
silver issue is the most important of tne
campaign, and I am, therefore, willing to
sustain McKiniey on tnat one issue alone.
Aside from that, there are features of the
Democratic platform that are disgraceful
and anarchical and would result in the
ruination of the country if carried out.
But silver is the controlling feature in my
mind. 1 have come to the conclusion that
it will not do to vote for Palmer, for that
would amount to a half vote lor Bryan.
Xhe only way, therefore, to make my vote
effective is to vote for McKinley. I have
been a Democrat all my life, having voted
the Democratic ticket first in 1844, and
from that day. to this*. But i cannot re
main with the organization styling itself
the Democratic party.
A. Biochman — 1 don't consider that the
Chicago platform is a Democratic plat
form. A vote for a gold J democrat would
be . a vote thrown away. I have all my
life voted for the President on the Demo
cratic ticket. In voting the Republican
ticket this year I don't consider myself a
Republican, but I consider I am voting
for the best interests of the country.
Samuel Lockwood — I have voted '.' the
Democratic ticket for sixty-three years. ' I
will vote for McKinley,, because it is my
duty.to cast 1 my vote fora man who, if
elected,. will carry out the only 5 poHcy for
the safety of the country. McKinley's elec
tion will also restore confidence in money
circles, and there is no more timid thing
in the world that capital. .
Putnam . Field — 1 will work ' and , vote
against Bryan. I have been, a Democrat
as long as I can remember, but I want-to
see Bryan beaten. ' ."
F. W. Steams—l am a Democrat, but I
am going to vote for McKinley. .He
represents what I think is best for the
country. -•
Among other Democrats of prominence
in the city who will vote for McKinley are:
George W.'Marston, merchant; Dr., R. M.
Powers, president of the Bank of '•■ -. Com
merce; -Cassius Carter, lawyer; C. C.
Hake member of . the : board of delegates;
Cbarl'es M. BriggvW. 1 C. Miller,- J. Schil
ler F. D. Murtha.-N. J. Peader, G. W.
Jorres Charles Saacke. In addition to
these the following Democrats, who nave
ioined the Sound Money League, will vote
for ? McKinley: W. it. Doud Charles
Nordhoff , Edgar , Younk in. 1 M. : F. . McNa
mara, J. 6. Akerman,. Georee .G..Garrett-
Bon. C. W. Stulus, J. A. P. Vauclain, Guy
'Tne^Gerrrian-Americans of this city,
The German-Americans of this city,
many of whom have voted the Demo
cratic ticket, will vote : for McKinley al
most to a man.. A. Biochman, when in
terviewed as to i his i own. views, showed a
letter he had just received from his friend,
Jacob P. Meady, of L the firm of A. R. Whit
ney Co., among the lareest iron and
steel merchants in New York, whose place
of business is at 29 Broadway: m
"AH things point to; McKinley 'a, elec
tion." writes Mr. Meady.' : "I understand
the betting is two to one in favor : of Mc-
HON. H. V. MOREHOUSE, Republican Nominee for State Senator
in the Thirty-First District.
K'nley, in thousands and multiples, on
the Stock Exchange here."
m
SCORES JUDGE PUTERBAUGH.
Letter Issued by San Diego County*
' Republican Central Committee.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., 20.— The Republican
County Central Committee- has issued a
public letter scoring Judge George Puter
baugh for running independently for Su
perior Judge. Puterbaugh was a candi
date before the Republican Convention
and was defeated. In response to a peti
tion signed by about 1000 citizens he con
sents to run independently, and wrote a
letter charging that the late convention
was dominated by bosses and that the
vote was corrupt and unfair. The com
mittee says:
We regret that a lifelong Republican should
feel so sore over not being the nominee of a
county convention that he should, on the re
quest of Democrats, Populists and disap
pointed seekers of office, attempt to destroy
his party, defeat its nominees and befoul the
political home where be has so long rested.
The favorite cry of a disappointed office-seeker
Is corruption and bossism and this letter is no
exception to the general rule.
The convention was composed of 247 dele
gates, chosen a', open caucuses and primaries
by 1995 Republicans of this county; these
delegates were a representative body of citi
zens who would not submit to the dictation of
any man or set of men.
A candidate who has sought a nomination
at the hands of a convention, and after a free
and fair fight has not obtained the coveted
honor, is not justified in seeking to defeat his
successful rival by violating his implied
pledge to abide by the decision of the conven
tion. Such conduct is politfcal treason, belit
tles the man who attempts it, and merits tbe
condemnation of all loyal members of the
party.
SIERRA COUNTY NOMINEES.
Republican* Elect Oelegate* to Legisla
tive Convention*.
DOWNIEVILLE, Cal., Sept. 20.— The
Sierra Count}' Republican Convention met
yesterday, with ex-State Seuator H. K.
Turner in the chair. Hon. Stanley A.
Smith was nominated as candidate for Su
perior Judge by acclamation. He is the
incumbent, and had previously served the
county for six years as District Attorney.
Resolutions favoring tbe candidacy of
George C. Perkins for Senator were
adopted.
The following were elected as delegates
to the Senatorial Convention of the Third
District: J. S. Gould, D. T. Cole, J. B.
Irish, J. M. Gorham, George Wood. The
following will participate in the Sixth
Assembly District Convention: J. Z.
Hough, J. O. Jones. H. Spaulding, J. R.
R. Castagna, H. K. Turner. As nominees
for Supervisors, J. M. Gorham of the
Fourth District, J. W. Phillips of Forest
and W. T. Luther of Downieville are
chosen.
The Situation in Arieona.
TUCSON, A. T., Sept. 20.— There is much
comment here on the action of the Demo
cratic Territorial convention in its strong
indorsement of Governor Franklin and
equally strong denunciation of President
Cleveland, as the convention was abso
lutely controlled by the Territorial admin
istration. Two years ago the territorial
convention indorsed Cleveland and the
Territorial administration in unqualified
terms. From the delegations elected to
this Republican Territorial convention, to
be held on Tuesday next, it is safe to pre
dict that Jhe St. Louis Republican plat
form, especially the souna-mony plank,
will be indorsed and a sound-money can
didate nominated for Congress. This,
with Democratic and Populist tickets in
the field, will give the Republicans much
advantage.
Eureka* Silver Rally.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 20.— The silver
party held its first campaign rally last
night. The meeting was address°d t>y David
Evan?, the veteran lumberman, and was
well attended. The subject of Evans' ad
dress was, "The Silver Question From a
Business Man's Standpoint."
STRIKES A SUNRES ROCK.
Britiah Warahip Co^nu* Damaged Off
Vancouver Inland.
TACOMA, WW t ash., Sept. 20.— A private
message received here states that the
British warship Comus was badiy dam
aged to-day by striking a sunKen rock off
the coast of Vancouver Island.
Vallejo'a Actr Paator.
VA.LLEJO, Cal., Sept. 20.— A large con
gregation greeted Rev. Mr. Williams, the
new pastor of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, this morning. Tne people were
favorably impressed with his sermon.
The Loading of the First Carload of Wheat Shipped From Fresno Over the Valley Road. It Was Sent Out
by the Kutner-Goldstem Company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
MONTEREY'S NOTED HALL
The Constitutional Convention
Meeting-Place About to
Be Sold.
Will Re Purchased by the City and
Maintained in Its Present
Condition.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sept. 20.— Colton
Hall, built during the days of Mexican
supremacy, used as a meeting-place of the
convention that drafted the first constitu
tion of California as a State, and now be
longing to the trustees of the Monterey
school district, is about to be sold to tbe
city of Monterey and the proceeds used in
completing and furnishing the new school
building.
On September 1, 1849, the convention
called by Bennett Riley, then Military
Governor of California, was organized in
Monterey, and Colton Hall was chosen as
the place of meeting because it was at
that time the only plastered house in the
new Territory. Here tbe State constitu
tion that served California for thirty years
was drawn up and approved by an earnest
but probably the most youthful body of
legislators ever assembled to frame such
an important work. Nine of the men
present were under 30 years of acre.
twenty-three between 30 and 40, twelve
between 40 and 50, and only* four over 50
years of ase. Of the forty-eight only
thirty-six were American citizens, eleven
came from New York, six from New Eng
land ana five from Maryland, while of
native L'alifornians there were seven and
the delegates of foreign birth numbered
five. Tne famous pioneers Gum and
Burnett, McCarver and Semple, as well as
the Calif orniaLS, Carillo, the stanch
friend and ally of Governor Pio Pico, and
General Vallejo, took prominent parts in
this convention, and great euns of ora
tory thundered upon the pros and cons of
the question of making the new State free
or in favor of slavery, that being the most
momentous subject agitating Congress at
the time.
For tbe last few year- this historic land
mark has been used as a public school,
and since the burning of the school build
ing in 1893 has been the only available
place for the carrying on of educational
work. It is proposed, however, that the
city buy it and convert it into headquar
ters for the officials of the city govern
ment, and while keeping it in Rooa repair
in no way mar or destroy its historic char
acter and appearance. It is believed the
sum accruing from its sale will be amply
sufficient for furnishing the new school
house recently built, and that teachers
and pupils will be able to move into more
commodious ana better arranged quarters
at the beginning of the next school term.
SUISUN'S COS FLAG RATION.
Losses Sustained in the Fire of Saturday
ICrrntng.
BUIBUN, Cal , Sept. 20.— The damage
resulting from the fire last evening was
not as great as at first . anticipated. If a
strong wind had prevailed the loss would
have been immense. The evening was
unusually calm, and this condition, cou
pled with the rain on the previous night,
prevented the destruction of several large
building*. As nearly as can be ascer
tained, the damages are as follows:
Blum & Phillips, stock, " $5000, insurance
$4000; W. J. Costigan, building, $2000. Insur
ance $1800; llHile Bros., buil<i»ngs,'slsoo. In
surance $1500; Perkins Bros., stock $750 and
building $1250, insured; B. F. Cassiday. $100,
no insurance; E. E. Long, damage to drugs
and store fixtures, $500. insured ; J. T. Cooper,
loss and damage to stock, $900, insured; Bank
of Suisun, $200, insured; Masonic building,
$150, insured; Suisun bakery building, $50,
insured; J. A. Wilson, $50, insured; M. Din
kelsplel & Co., damage $50, insured.
Round Vallry Stitprct Givea Bail.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 20.-
Fred Radcliffe, accused of complicity in
the murder of "JacK" Littlefield in Round
Valley, was on Friday admitted to $10,000
bail. His supposed bondsman is Dr. An
derson ot Port Costa.
Fatal Fall X«nr Junction City.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 20.— Pat
Campbell fell from a rugged mountain
trail last night and was killed from the in
juries he sustained. The trail, a narrow
mountain foot-path, led from Junction
City to North Fork.
LAYING RAILS ON
FRESNO STREETS
Valley Road Builders Are
Nearing the Depot
Site.
FAST MOVING FORWARD.
Passenger Trains Will Travel
Over the Line on the First
of October.
PREPABING FOR A:CELEBRATION
Citizens Will Rejoice When the Last
Spike is Driven— Shepard's
Injunction Suit
FRESNO, CAt,, Sept 20.— The graders
on the Valley road nave reached Fresno
street in this city, two blocks from the
depot site. A fill at the junction of Q and
Diana streets has not been completed as
yet. It will be finished by Tuesday. Yes
terday about 1000 feet of track was laid,
bringing it to the "fill" at the foot of
Diana street. The track-layers will de
vote their attention to-morrow to the
finishing work on the track already laid.
Fifteen more grading teams arrived to
day and to-morrow forty will be at work.
The injunction proceedings instituted
by J. C. Shepard, who objects to the con
struction of tbe Railroad in front of his
residence on Q street, unless he is paid
exorbitant damages, will be heard before
Judge Risley in the Superior Court to
morrow morning. Shepard has been in
imical to the Valley road since the route
along Q street was selected, and he has
used every means to impede its entrance
to this city. Popular sentiment is very
strong against him. The Morning Re
publican exposed some of Sheuani's do
ings as an obstructionist, and he talked of
shooting the editor, John W. Short.
Shepard's place is haif a block from the
depot site of the railroad, and the graders
expect to reach "Snepardville," as the
debatable part of the street is now called,
by Tuesday evening. The Valley road
officials are confident that they will quash
the injunction, in which event the gradina
will proceed to the depot grounds.
The information was given to a Call
correspondent last night that the road
would be ready for passenger business
from this city on October L
The committee, which has in charee the
arrangements for the proposed celebration
of the arrival of tbe first regular train in
Fresno over the Valley road, held another
meeting yesterday afternoon. Chairman
Reichman announced the appointment of
the following committees to take charge
of the various details of the arrangements:
Ftnance-J. W. Shanklin, J. Wilbur Cate, T.
J. Hammond.
Invitation and printing— A. V. Lisenby, A. L.
Hobbs. H. C. B. Gill.
Banquet— W. R. Thomas, J. 9. Eastwood, Gen
eral 11. \V. Muller.
Barbecue— J. W. Cate, H. C. B. Gill, T. J.
Hammond.
Decorations and parade— General M. W. Mul
ler, J. W. Shanklin, J. S. Eastwood.
Excursion — John Reichman.
Mr. Reichman was made ez-officio chair
man of all the committees. It was decided
to fix the date for the celebration, and
Monday, October 5, which is Labor day
and a legal holiday, was selected. The
committeemen are enthusiastic over the
project, and are meeting with much en
couragement from the business men and
the citizens of the city generally.
It is expected that 10,000 people from all
parts of the valley and State will be in at
tendance at tbe celebration. Excursions
will be run on the railroad, and Governor
Budd will be invited. Substantial dona
tions for the barbecue are already com
ing in.
TUB POINT PINOS WRECK.
Heavy Swell* Are Completing the fte~
atruction of the M. Paul.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Bept 20.— A
great deal of excitement was caused here
to-day by the report that the wrecked
steamer St. Paul, lying *>n the rocks near
Point Pinos lighthouse, had gone to pieces
during the storm which raged here night
before last and yesterday. As a result all
day long people in carriages, on horse
back and a-wheel were seen gome out to
the wreck. During the forenoon and far
in the afternoon, Moss Beach, near where
the St Paul went on the rocks, was lined
with weary pedestrians from Del Monte,
Mo.iterey and Pacific Grove, who had
walked six miles to view the wreck once
more before it went to pieces. .
The storm has affected the fated ship
very materially, and has weakened it so
that it will break up shortly. It has set
tled down some two. feet at the stern and
lists to port considerably more than after
it struct. Tbe heavy swells dash high
over the rear cabin, and part of tbe rail
has already been broken by the waves.
The cabins will soon succumb to the angry
waters. The St. Paul's old pilot, who
purchased tbe boat at auction for $25, is
expected here this week, when he will at
tempt to save whut be can of it, but if the
heavy swells do not cease there will not be
much left to save.
Motiterejf Endeavorer*' Union.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sept. 20.— The
county presidents of the Young People's
Society of Christian Endeavor held a pre
liminary meeting here to determine defi
nitely the time for the society's county
organization to convene and select a place
for its meeting. Mrs. M. 1. Thomas repre-
sented the Second Presbyterian Church of
this place, and Sirs. J. B. Capp the First
Presbyterian Caurch, Mr. Crew the Con
gregational Church of Pacific Grove, Miss
Mays the Christian Church of Pacific
Grove and T. F. Kershaw the United
Presbyterian Church of Salinas, all being
presidents of the several societies. A dis
cussion of the project developed a unani
mous sentiment in favor of forming a
union of the county societies, and October
27 was finally selected as the day of the
meeting.
EUREKA' S FIRST FAIR.
The Agricultural Association's Pavilion
Crowded With Exhibits for the
Opening Day.
EUREKE, Cal., Sept. 20.— The first fair
of the Eureka Agricultural and Mechani
cal Fair Association will be formally
opened to-morrow. The most sanguine
expectations of tbe committee in charge
have been realized. The only regret is
that the pavilion is not larger. Every
available foot of space in the exposition
building has been taken. Several home
merchants and many firms «of San Fran
cisco and Portland are unable to secure
places for their exhibits. Most of the
exhibits are already arranged, and before
Monday noon the big building will be
filled with beautiful and inte resting ex
hibits.
The race track has been put into ex
cellent condition, and the week's horse
and bicycle racing promises to be the best
ever held in this section.
The programme for the opening night
at the pavilion will consist of addresses by
President Daniel Murphy, Judge G. W.
Hunter and Mayor C. G. Stafford, a con
cert by Cassava's First Regiment band
and an electric display. A large number
of visitors are expected from outside
counties, especially from Del Norte and
Mendocino. The days have been appor
tioned as follows: Tuesday will be
Eureka day, Wednesday North Humboldt
day, Thursday Del Norte day, Friday
school child rens' day and Saturday South
Humbolt day.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
Arrival of the Monterey Means
Additional Work for
Mechanics.
Marines Leave to Garrison the Port
Orchard Yard— Overhauling the
Pensacola.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 20.— The moni
tor Monterey has been ' the ■ first ship-of
war to * come to the navy-yard and go
direct to the magazine wharf ' and dis
charge ammunition. Heretofore all fires
were drawn, all lights put out, the vessel
anchored in the stream, the ammunition
hoisted out of the powder magazine,
placed on lighters and towed to the maga
zine wharf, transferred to fla tears and
taken to the shell -or powder magazines
and carefully stowed away until the ship
was again ready to receive ' it. Times are
changing every day; the manner of put
ting up charges of powder is different and
less caution is necessary. It -was a wel
come sight to see the monitor coming up
the bay and go in dryaock Friday last, as
it means additional " work for the me
chanics. Captain Clark will soon assume
command, and Captain Ludlow will go
East on leave of absence.
\ .Residents of Vallejo and all interested
in navy-yard affairs, are pleased to learn
of 'the success of the Union Iron Works in
securing the building of two more ships
of war, as that which helps the company
helps the navy yard and merchants in
time.. It is expected that action will be
taken by the coming Congress to have the
channel widened between Vallejo and the
navy yard so that ships like the Oregon
and the battleships: to be constructed
could come to the navy yard* without fear
of grounding. ." . .. ,'
A draft of twenty marines left the nvay
yard early last ." week for Port Orchard.
The naval station at this place will here
after be garrisoned as at other yards. The
guard ,'. w ill -< be quartered , on board "the
United States . ship Nipsic ■ until suitable
barracks are built on shore. ~ .
; Paymaster Skelding, paymaster of the
yard, will be detached on October 1, and
Paymaster W. "W. Barry, will take his j
place. The latter officer will bring his j
own clerk, and Pay Clerk Walter .Bollard
will be detached. Mr. Bollard , has been
an efficient * and * accommodating official, .
and his retirement will be regretted.
Captain Louis Kempff will assume I
charge of the receiving-ship Independence
the Ist of the coming month.
The boiler and engines are being taken
out of the Pensacola. and rapid progress is
being made toward converting it into a
training-ship for boys. . ;
Workmen are pushing work on the
Hartford . rapidly, it is hoped that the
spar deck will be covered before the rains.
A number of second-hand sails, formerly
in use on board of the Richmond, were re
ceived from the Norfolk navy yard for the
Hartford. Several of them have been con
demned as rotten and unfit for use. '
■*•-;_ -_ l;;.--. .-- — — •> — ■ — -
ONE-HOUR CYCLE RACE.
Jimmy Michael* la Challenged by W. If.
Hamilton.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Sept. 20.— W. W.
Bnrch of Chicago, publisher of the Amer
ican Sheep Breeder, has forwarded a chal
lenge to Tom Eck, the manager of Jimmy
Michaels, the Welsh wheelman, offering
to match W. W. Hamilton of Denver
against the Welsh champion in a race for
one hour, the contest to be brought off at
Ciiicago or Denver.
This race, if brought off, will attract at
tention, as Michaels lowered most of the
American records in the one-hour race at
Manhattan Beach last Friday. Each man
will oe allowed as many pacemakers as
desired.
■Mr. Burch is the backer of Hamilton in
the great contest with the pacer, Joe
Patchen, which is to be brought off here j
next Tuesday. There is a large amount of
money wagered on the result.
WORDEN'S WOODLIND FRIENDS.
Many Signature* to a Petition for a
Commutation of Him Sentence,
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 20.— Rev. W.
S. Worden, a missionary who has recently
returned from Japan, is in this city circu
lating a petition in behalf of his con
demned brother, Salter D. Worden, ask
ing tbut the sentence of death be com
muted to imprisonment. The petition is
being signed by lawyers, bankers, officials,'
ministers, merchants, eta, and so far
only three or four have refused
to sign t!ie prayer. A majority of the
members of the jury that convicted W"or
den are, on the list. Judge Grant will re- '
sentence him to death next Tuesday.
Worden is under conviction for having
caused the wrecking of a train during the
strike of 18! M and ' causing the death of
four regular soldiers.
First Train to Samoa.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 20.— The first
through train on the Vance road arrived
at its terminus at Samoa last night. A
ferry will connect Samoa with Eureka.
The road has been iv course of construc
tion for about a year, and was built to
enter into a contest for the largo northern
freight and passenger traffic npw enjoyed
by the Korbel road. Tbe new road tars
one of the wealthiest timber belts on the
coast
• Borrow on sealskins, allies ana Jewels at Uncle
Harris', IB Grant avenue.
TRAGEDY IN SAN
LUIS REV VALLEY
Rancher Manuel Bellina
Killed by Albert J.
Foss.
PIERCED BY BUCKSHOT.
His Slayer Claims He Believed
He Was Firing Upon
a Prowler.
CONTRADICTORY STORIES TOLD.
The Victim Held a Mortgage on the
Eighty-Acre Ranch of Foss'
Mother.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 20.— San Luis
Rev Valley, which has been the scene of
many tragedies, added another bloody
page to its history last night, wnen Man
uel Beliina, a rancher living on tbe Pancho
Pico place, was inßtantly killed by Albert
J. FO3S. The weapon was a shotgun and
a load of ten or twenty buckshot, fired
from a distance of not over thirty feet, en
tered Bellina's neck and breast, one shot
penetrating the heart. The killing has
features that point to premeditation. It
occurred at 10 o'clock, and there were-no
witnesses, thougti Albert Foss' mother
was not far distant, and saw the flash of
the gun. It was in her yard that Bellina
was shot.
Young Foss, who lives on his mother's
ranch and about 200 yards north of her
house, said he heard his dogs barking and
the cattle making a noise. Tuinking a
coyote had come onto tbe place, he took
his shotgun, loaded with buckshot, and
started out to see what was the matter.
He found nothing out of the way on his
place, and then went down past his moth
er's house.
Under the trees, not far from the house,
he saw a man skulking. He called out to
the stranger, but got no reply. The man
stopped and seemed to be cowering under
the trees. Foss called out again, but no
answer came, and then he shot. The man
dropped in his tracks. Foss said it was
too dark to see who the intruder was, and
that he shot because he believed the man
was there for some evil purpose.
Foss, who is aDout 25 years old, did not
coniess to the killing until toward the end
of the Coroner's inquest to-day. After he
had been questioned for some time be ad
mitted that he bad done the shooting, and
related his story. It was his aged mother,
who lives entirely alone, who was brutally
maltreated two years ago by Jose Chaves,
an Indian, who was sent to San Quentin
for forty years for the crime. Young Foss
testified t at it was the remembrance of
this crime, and the fact that his mother
was entirely unprotected, that caused him
to be suspicious and perhaps led him to
shoot quicker than he otherwise would.
When the stranger under the trees did not
answer he took it for granted that trouble
Tell AH
Your Friends
that Hyams, Brown <& Co.,
the largest Wholesale
Manufacturers of Fine
J Clothing on the Pacific
Coast, are now selling at
retail, thus saving you
one-half the retailers 9
profit.
Special Sale.
Until next Saturday night we are going to
hold a Special Sale that will startle the com-
munity. Look at the way we have slashed
; prices : ! ; ': . , ; , ; -:. •■/ ..■ - • ■
... Men's All-Wool Blue. kersey Overcoats, long cut, velvet
collar. Worth at retail, $12. 50. Our wholesale price, $e.OO
.' Men's All-Wool Business Suits, In Brown, Gray, Black and •
■•• Blue. Cheap elsewhere at $10, Our wholesale price, 5&5.00
■. Boys* All-Wool Loner Pants Suits, 4- lines, good value, ages
13 to 19. Our wholesale price... ...... ....^.... ............... 04.00
WORTH TEN. DOLLARS. .
fi 1 J J I I 1 I I
■IiLIm^MJM JL^ MANUFACTURERS -
Wm f |*'Zsf fr Men's, Boys' & Children's
KfLTMr F!NE CLOTHI NQ
Wflip^ RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
25-27 SANSOME STREET 4
ONLY HALF A BLOCK FROM MARKET STREET 3
WWWMwTlfcFlTWnwinwTiniiniiinrwnMirlPii Tfi»ißß«rt !■>>■ ii ...
was brewing, and he shot first, not know
ing whether the intruder was armed or
not.
There was other testimony failing to
entirely corroborate Foss' story. His
mother said that Bellina had called on her
and was just leaving when he was killed-
She showed him to the door and he
started away. She went in the opposite
direction into the garden, and heard the
shot fired and saw the flash of the gun.
She ran up and saw that Bellina was the
victim, but she did not see her son. She
did not hear any words before the shoot*
ing.
It was learned at Oceanside during the
day that Bellina had a mortgage on Mrs.
Foss' eighty- acre ranch. He and young
Foss were not on eood terms, though no
serious trouble had occurred between
tbein.
Bellina was an uncle of Frank Bellina
of San Diego, and came originally from
Oakland. He was about 57 years of age.
The Coroner's iury rendered a verdict
that Bellina had come to his death from a
gunshot wound inflicted by A. J. Foss.
Coroner' Johnson issued a warrant for the
arrest of Foss, and Constable Hubbert
brought tiie man down to-nieht. He and
Foss are old friends and he did not place
his prisoner in jail, receiving the consent
of the District Attorney to keep him at a
hotel. The preliminary examination will
be held at Oceanside early this week.
POBILAND GARBOTERS.
Four Men Rob a Washington Stockman
of Hi* Monet/
PORTLAND, v Ob. ; Sept. 20.— B.
Nash, a Washington cattle-raiser, was the
victim of an uncommonly .' bold highway
robbery at noon to-day. He came to
.Portland on the forenoon train from Se
attle, purposing to go East to-night As
he was walking up town from • the Union
depot he was accosted by two strangers,
one of wnom asked him for a match. This
led to a general conversation, the strangers
claiming also to be visiting here.' The
result was that the three boarded a car
and rode to Portland Heights.
After wandering. about a short time and
reaching a secluded spot, the three men
were pounced upon by two others, and, as
if by a preconcerted arrangement, Nash
was garroted by the four and robbed of
$250 in gold. In their hurry' to get away
;tbey overlooked $250 in currency he : had
in his inside coat, pocket. ■■, - ; •
This is the story Nash told Chief of. Po
lice Minto this afternoon... He added that
he drew the money at the Seattle Court
house yesterday afternoon, and believes
the robbers followed him here from the
Sound. iii , . .
STOCKTOM MARKSMEN.
Fine Beorea Mad* by Gun Clubs of thm
Mill City.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 20.— The Gun
Club annex of the Stockton Athletic As
sociation that tied the Los Angeles cracks
for the State championship last May made
103 out of a possible 120 at practice to-day
in the shoot to select a team to compete at
the San Jose tournament next month.
The Gnu Club annex team will be com
posed of Frank Merrill, who made two
clean scores at the last championship
shoot, Charles Merrill, Frank D. Nicol,
Charles Haas, Dave Winders and R. J.
McCoy. George Swain will be the substi
tute.
Tne Stockton Gun Club held a live bird
shoot this afternoon. In the eight-bird
match Henry Longers scored 8, H. Q.
Balkwell 7, E. Gamble 7, W. Ditp 7, Wil
liam Keys 6, G. Ditz Jr. 6, A. J. Comfort
G, George Ellis 6. In the blue rock shoot
that followed good scores were made.
Balfcwell made 28 out of a possible 30,
Charles Merrill 50 out of 55, Frank Merrill
52 out of 60, George Ditz Jr. 73 out of 85,
Gamble 42 out of 50. The team that will
represent this club at San Jose has not
been selected.
Iturglarv at Weavtrville.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 20.—
Chris Meckel, one of the pioneer store
keepers of Trinity County, was robbed last
night by burglars, who secured $60.
NEW TO-DAT.
34
BUTCHERS PICNIC
AT SAN JOSE
Aproned Knights of the
Cleaver Parade the
Streets.
FIVE HUNDRED IN LINE
Throngs of Visitors Partake of a
Barbecue at Agricult
ural Park.
FEAST, DANCE AND PROMENADE
An Outing of Thousands Who Gave
the Police Force Nothing
to Do.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 20.— The jour
neymen butchers of San Francisco, Oak
land and San Jose captured the city to
day, and from noon until dark they ruled
hupieme. They brought between 2000 and
3000 visitors to the city, and the streets
presented an animated appearance. The
excursions were the largest that ever
visited San Jose. Streetcars were jammed
all day and tbe livery stables and bicycle
shops did an extensive business. The
crowds were jolly ones, and they amused
themselves in every conceivable manner.
The hoodlum element was conspicuous
for its absence and everything passed off
quietly.
The Journeymen Batchers' Association
of San Francisco arrived in three trains,
thirty-five caT3 in all, shortly after 11
o'clock. The Oakland association came j
in about the same time, by way of Niies,
with ten cars. The excursionists were
met at the depot by tbe San Jose associa
tion. A procession was at once formed.
George Dwyer of San Jose was grand mar
shal. His aids were: Chief aid, Charies
Miller of San Jose; J. Lyons and R. C.
Kelley of San Francisco and J. Pickford
and Fred Knott «f Oakland.
The San Francisco association, headed
by a platoon of polict, was first in the
parade, followed by Oakland and San Jose.
Each division was headed by a band.
2 here were about 500 men in line, and
they presented a tine appearance in their
white aprons and shirts. The line of
march was from the broad-gauge oeDot,
along First to San Antonio, counter march
to Santa Clara street and out to Agricult
ural Park, where a picnic and barbecue
was held.
Between 4000 and 5000 people were at
Agricultural Park. The young man and
bis girl from the Potrero and tbe butcher
boy and his sweetheart were there in
numbers and they enjoyed themselves
immensely at the barbecue. There was
dancing in the carnival pavilion and on
the platform under the trees.
Four thousand pounds of beef and 3000
loaves of oread were consumed at the bar
becue, and there was just enough to go
around. The crowd was an orderly one.
There were but few disturbances on the
ground and everybody voted the picnic a
delightful one. The committees in charge
were:
Excursion committee: Ban Francisco— John
C. Keefe, John T. Broderick, L. T. Fox, M. R
Jager, R. C. Kelly; Oakland— Gus Roemer,
Joseph Pickiord, George Loher, Eugene Enoch
Fred Kuott; San Jose— Charles Kro'use, Charles
Miller, A. D. Lockhftrd, F. Bohr, H. Duhllon
Officers— John O'Keeffe, chairman; John T.
Broderick, secretary; Louis W. Hoeues, treas
urer.
Floor manager (large pavilion), Charles Ren
singer of San Francisco; assistant floor man
ager (large pavilion), Henry Audifled of Oak
la d; floor committee from San Francisco-
William Weis, George A. Schade, Charles Weis
heimer, Morris Marks, Henry Schwat; floor
manager (small pavilion), Gus Wendt of San
Jose.
Eleven foot races were contested during
the afternoon, the prizes being articles of
merchandise presented by local firms.
Many of tbe matches were close and ex
citing and the police had hard work forc
ing the crowd back to make way for the
runners. In two of the ladies' races, fair
contestants lost first clace by untimely
falls, but as the fields were small they
managed to get minor prizes.
Tne racf. that made a ereat hit was be
tween Patrolmen John Young and Johp
J. Kern of tlie San Francisco police force.
This was not on the programme, but prior
to the start tbe officers were informed that
the winner would receive a prize. What
it was the jurtges refused to say. The first
try was a dead heat, but on the second
effort Patrolman Young succeeded in
winning by the width of a club. He then
.received an order for a bottle of chow
cbow.
The regular races resulted as follows:
Married ladies— Mrs. J. W. Allard, Oakland
first prize ; Mrs. V. Rothang, Oakland, second.
f|Gentlemen— Eugene Prinaiville, Ban Jose
rat. . '
Journeymen butchers— Orrin Close, first;
Frank Banon, second; D. O'Brien, third.
Girls, under 16 years— May Olmstead, first;
Eva Monnet, second; Lena Monnet, :hfrd.
Boys, under 16 years— James Williams, first •
Fred Punch, second; Andreas Espinosn, third
Fat ladien— Mrs. Pantila Donson, San Jose
first; Mrs. Augusta Piler, second; Mrs. Sankes
San Francisco, third.
Fat men— August Mignola, first; P. Nelson
second; Harvey Knowles, third; winners all
of San Jose.
Single ladies— Ada Brown, San Jose, first;
Minnie Murphy, San Francisco, second; Fan
nJe Lawler, San Francisco, taira.
Boss butchers, for San Joscans only— J. Cro-
Uin, first; Charley Williams, second; G. No
oentilli, third.
Bdxs butchers' race. San Francisco and Ala
mcdacountiee—C. O'Donbell, Oakland, first*
M. Schweitzer, San Francisco, second- F
Klevesahl, San Francl&co, third.
Dancing was kept up until 6 o'clock, at
which hour the crowd began to journey
toward the depot. The picnic trains left
about 6:30 o'clock.
PROGRAMME FOR THE FAIR.
Event* Arranged, by the Entertainment
Committee.
: SAN JOSE Cal., ' Sept. 20.— The enter
tainment committee of the County Fair,
which opens in this city on September 28*
has arranged an interesting programme of
events for the pavilion. , The • fair ; : wiU be
formally opened on Monday evening by a
concert by the San Jose Marine Band
Senator George C. Perkins will deliver the
opening address. : On Tuesday evening the
San Jose ; Orchestral Society will give a
concert.
The San Jose Turn Verein will have
cliaree of the programme Wednesday
nieht, and on Thursday evening there
will be a concert by the San Jose marine
band. La Favorita Mandolin Club will
give* concert Friday evening. Saturday
will be Stanford day. and the Students'
Association of thu university will have
charge of the exercises. In the afternoon
there will be a football game between two
teams oi the university and in the even
ing there will be a grand concert and en
tertainment by the Stanford Glee Club.
LOOTED AT A TRAMP.
Silverware and Jewelry Taken Irom the
Kuddick Jtesidenee.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 20.— The resi
dence of Mrs. M. L. Ruddick on South
Seventu street in this city was entered by
a tramp to-<iay about noon during the ab- j
•ance of the family. He removed a v&n-t .
of glass from the kitchen door and reached
in and unlatched the lock. The house was
completely ransacked and silverware and
jewelry to the value of $500 were taken.
The child of a neighbor saw the tramp
go into the rear yard, but thought he was
simply getting a meal.
Mrs. Roddick deeply regrets the loss of
a handsome set of solid silverware, as it
was a present to her deceased husband,
ex-Lieutenant Governor J. R. Ruddick.
The set was presented to him at Sacra
mento at the time of the expiration of his
term of office in 1893.
Hitter Mnry Altnit Dead.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. Sept. 20.— Sister Mary
Alenie of the College of Notre Dame died
there »o-day. Bhe was a native of Bel
gium, aged 70 years. She was sent to San
Jose in 1850, a year before the college was
founded. Sister Mary also taught in the
colleges at San Francisco and Marysville.
A CALL FOR COIN.
The Republican State Central Com-
mittee to Raise Campaign
Funds.
The following circular has been prepared
for distribution by Major Frank McLaugh
lin, chairman of tbe Republican btate Cen
tral Committee:
Sept 19, 1898.
Dear Sir: It is recognized by the business
msn of the country that the present po.itical
contest Is a most vital one to their interests.
No State in the Union has proportionately
more at stake than California, as her immense
natural wealth is practically undeveloped and
the confidence of outside capital Is positively
essential to that development and to her fu
ture prosperity. The merchants and manu
facturers of this City know full well what
would be the disastrous effect if the electoral
vote of California should be cast against a
sound-money candidate. To prevent this ac
tion organization, concentration of eCort and
unanimity of purpose are necessary.
This committee is in close and cordial touch
with all political organization:- and forces that
favor sound money. Ii is working In harmony
with the National Committee, the Slate Cen
tral cominiueemen, the county committees
and every Republican club In the State. It
haa held more than 250 meetings in the coun
ties outside of San Francisco, which is over
200 more than had been held at the same dale
in 1894, and althougn tbe demands for speak
ers in San Francisco have been excessive it
has never failed to provide them.
The National Committee being unable at tbe
beginning of the campaign to provide litera
ture for distribution this committee printed
and dsitributed at Its own expense over a mil
lion and a quarter of documents on twenty
subjects and in four different languages; it is
now receiving from the East large consign
ments of the most effective documents on ibe
financial issue which it is promptly and syste
matically distributing; in addition to the em
ployment oi the usual meant of distribution
through committees and clubs, which it fully
supplies, it has on its list 2000 precinct dis
tributors who personally attend to the distri
bution in their respective neighborhoods, and
an individual mailing list of 30,000 registered
voters to whom documents are sent every lew
days; it has assisted in the organisation of
over 400 clubs; it has furnished over 125,000
McKiniey campaign buttons, 10,000 posters
and 40,000 lithographs; it provides sixcoi
umns of printed matter every week
to about , 100 Republican and Inae
penaent newspapers in the State, the
material for which is carefully prepared
by trained newspaper writers: its daily corre
spondence is enormous and a fruitful source of
success.
It has arranged for speaking In every city,
town, hamlet, mining and logging camp in
California, and has on its speakers' roll the
name of every Republican in the State who
proposes to take part in the campaign ; it has
procured speakers of National reputation from
the East and is making preparations for their
reception.
All these forces are concentrated on one pur
pose—and one alone — the election of the Na
tional ticket, and as a result of the efforts of
this committee a great change lias taken place
throughout the State which must be obvious
to every intelligent observer. We assert with
out fear of contradiction that the extraor
dinary change of sentiment of the past five
weeks is due to the indefatigable and syste
matic work of this committee and its affiliated -
committees, cluos and organizations through
out the State; this has been done without any
blare of trumpets, as we have carried ou with
out any aiu-mpt at brag and bluster a cam
paign of education, but this unostentatious
method of accomplishing th« desired resuit
haa been taken advantage of by those who
wish to use this committee for selfish ends.
However, many prominent citizens who had
been impos-d upon by the lalse representations
of our detractors have, upon personal inquiry
at these headquarters and from the various
county committees in the State, within the
past few days satisfied themselves that the
work accomplished by tins committee is lim
ply astounding The statement that the per
sonal ambition of any one has been favored by
this committee is absolutely false and does
great injustice to the working members who
are devoting their whole time and energies,
irom a patriotic standpoint alone, to the suc
cess of the party and its principles. For a con
firmation ot ttiis assertion we refer to the can
didates ihemselves.
The work of ibis committee is far in excess
of any previous campaigns, and will require
liberal support if carried out successfully. Our
snergies have been so earnestly devoted to
registration, organization, education and in
satisfying the pressing demands of the people
ior literature and for speeches that we have
been forced to neglect the important matter
of canvassing for financial supDort; however
now that we feel that the work is properly laid
out, and the political forces of the pany are
everywhere vigorously engaged in systematic
labor, we take up the matter of funds. About
eeven weeks of active campaigning yet re
main; our expenses are heavy and will con
tinue to Increase until the day'of election.
We therefore appeal to you for financial sup
port to continue the good work so well begun.
A representative of this committee, se ected
irom the business men of this City, will en
deavor io call upon you for a subscription to
the campaign fund oi this committee, and we
hope that you will be ready with your contri
bution, in order that those who assist us may
be deiayed as little as possible; but a personal
visit to you should not be necessary.
The demands upon tne committee are so
great and the results of the work to be done so
important to you that voluntary subscriptions
should immediately follow the perusal of this
letter. We are conducting this campaign upon
business principles, paying our b.lls as they
become due, and do not propose to go into
debt, and, therefore, unless sufficient financial
assistance is given us we will be compelled to
curtail our work, disastrous as such a course
would be.
You are earnestly and cordially requested to
call at these headquarters to confirm all our
■'atements, and to ascertain what work we
hbve done in the past and what cur plans are
for the future.
Our bo ks of account are open to investiga
tion. Every dollar received nnd expended
wi.l be exhibited to you. as. under the purity
of election law, we must have a receipt for
every item expended.
If the. plans inaugurated by this committee
a-" carried to an end they will undoubtedly
result in the triumph of our electoral ticket.
1 .erefore, in the inierest of sound money. the
proper. ty of thi« <Hyai d S ate nnd the coun
try at large, we invite i-ivestiPation and urge
assistance. By ord rof the committee
Frank Mclaughlin, Chairman.
BELVEDERE'S PICTURESQUE CHURCH.
BELVEDERE. Cai., Sept 20.-The pretty little churrh perched up amia the green foliaee of Belvedere was dedicated with
appropriate ceremony to-day The church is of the old English style of architecture; it is constructed of blue stone, the interior
Ufnghmshed.n the natural wood. The edifice will M at about 200 people. Rev. Mr. Crosby and Dr. Noble -fficiated at to day's
de-ucat.on. The church has be.n called Preabyterian, although ther. i, . blending of denominations among the communicant,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, l»m>.
CITIZEN SOLDIERS
OF THE STATE.
The Uniform and Equipment Board re
cently appointed by Governor Budd will
meet at tbe California Hotel Ibis evening.
The board consists of Colonel D. B. Fair
banks, Fifth Infantry; Colonel J. J. Nu
uan, Sixth Infantry, and Colonel John C.
Currier, division adjutant-general. Some
interesting data obtained by Colonel
Currier when be was serving as inspector
will be submitted to the board. It is pre
sumed that the board will make thorough
inquiry as to the requirements of tbe
National Guard and the report should en
lighten the Legislature as to the inade
quacy of equipment and clothing in each
regimental organization.
During the Native Sons' celebration at
Stockton some officer of the Guard com
plained that Colonel George B. Sperry had
invited the members of the Governor's
staff to become his guests and then forgot
all about the invitation. The facts in the
case art* that Colonel Sperry's invitation
was never accepted.
When it was extended it was surmised
that the Governor's staff had been invited
by the Stockton committee, but it, was
subsequently ascertained that the com
mittee invited the Governor to be present,
but through some oversight neglected to
include his staff. Later on members of
the staff were invited to Stockton by tbe
adjutant-general und tbe announcement
made then that Colonel Nuoan had pro
vided quarters for them. There was no
lack of Hospitable spirit upon the part of
Colonei Sperry. Had his invitation been
accepted, he says, it would have eiven
him the greatest pleasure to entertain his
guests.
Everything is said to be serene at di
vision headquarters. The idea of tender
ing his resignation which Maior-General
Nathaniel T. James was once sua peeled of
entertaining has vanished. Accord. us to a
ruling ol Attorney-General Fitzgerald of
ficers appointed to serve upon the division
staff will not be compelled to pass an ex
amination as to their qualifications before
a brigade examining board. The relations
existing between Major-General James
and Brigadier-General Wartieid are pleas
ant enough. It does not embarrass either
to meet the other. They not only ex
change salutes, but they shake hands.
The one thing most needed now to com
plete the happiness of the National Guard
is a large appropriation for overcoats and
blankets.
First Brigade.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Sept. 16 —
The regular monthly inspection of Com
pany X on Monday evening last passed
oB in a very satisfactory manner. Every
rifle was in first-class condition and the
clothing and aide arms were c can and
bright, showing that the men had taken
good care of the equipment furnished
them by the State.
The date for our semi-annual target
practice has been f.xed for September 24,
and every day rinds the men at tbe range,
working faithfully to make a good record
and keep "old" X's average up to ihe
mark. Every guardsman in this part of
the State will heartily indorse the re
marks of Lieutenant Barrere in Jast Mon
day's Call regarding the quality of the
ammunition furnished at tbe last practice
and especially tbe remarKs upon the quali
fication order which has done so much to
discoura c target practice in the puard.
It is hoped that the order will be re
scinded. The following scores were made
at the range on Tuesday last : Corporal
Irving 38, Stevens 38, Paris 38, Aitkins
38. Lyster 43.
The competition for tbe company's
gold medal, now held by Ssrgeant Pearce,
promises to be more keen than ever, and
the man who wears it for the month will
have to beai 43.
Corporal J. D. Matthews has made ap
plication to be reduced to the ranks. He
has always been a careful and efficient
officer and will be missed from the Thurs
day nignt schools and his place in the
squad.
The battle for the lieutenant-colonelcy
eoes merrily on and it is difficult to say
at this time wt<o leads In the race. Major
Dlss is marshaling all his forres, as is
Captain Schreiber, ana the election prom
ises to be hotly contested. The general
fueling among the men seems to be that
any man who will be acceptable to Colonel
Berry will be acceptable to them.
Tne members of the company are work
ing earnestly and faithfully to make their
coming political high jinks a success.
Every man seems willing to do his part
ana the entertainment promises to be a
glorious success, and it is hoped it will re
plenish Ihe treasury to such an extent
that the new athletic apparatus may be
purchased and placed in position in the
a rniory.
Second Brigade.
The First Infantry Regiment has been
ordered to assemble £t Shell Mound Park
September 26 at 9 a. m., and report to
Lieutenant Louis Barrere for target prac
tice.
Second Lientenant Thomas J. McCreagh
has been relieved as a member of the Reg
imental Examining Board and Second
Lieutenant Carlton W. Beely detailed in
his stead.
The Special Examining Board has rec
ommended Corporal Chester W. Evans of
the Cadet Company to be First Sereeant.
Cornorals Herbert P. Cowley and Harry
S. Blackman and Jerome M. Coleman are
recommended to be sergeants of ihe Cadet
Company.
A summary court-martial is ordered to
convene at the regimental armory Sep
tember 25. Detail for the court, Major
HughT. Sime.
A meeting of the Board of Officers of tbe
First Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce
presiding, was heid at the armory last
Tuesday eveuine. It was deciued to foster
field athletics. Major Simo and the sec
ond lieutenants oi the regiment were au
thorized to devise a scheme of outdoor
exercise.
The First Infantry proposes to select
100 marksmen for trophy competition with
a like number of men belonging to the
Hawaiian National Guard. The losing
team will present the trophy to the win
ners.
Last Wednesday evenine Lieutenant-
Colonel Nerney, Seventh Infantry, was a
guegt at t c armory of the First Infantry.
A review of Major ' Boston's battalion was
given in his honor. Lieutenant-Colonel
Duboce was present.
Colonel William Macdonald of the First
Infantry haa gone to the springs for a few
days.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Bept. 20.— The
members of Company E, Fifth Infantry,
held their regular semi-annual State
shoot for decorations on tne 17th and 18th
inst. Major L. W. Juilliard acted as in
spector, Captain C. E. Haven being also
in attendance. Bergeant R. P. Smith and
Corporal J. R. Mailer distinguished them
selves by winning gold bars, something
never before accomplished by a member of
Company E.
The soore of Corporal Mailer for June
was 45 and for September 45, and that of
Sergeant Smith for June was 46 and for
September 46. This enables these two
young gentlemen to compete at the State
shoot in June next at Sacramento.
Lieutenant Bean, Corporal C. E. Hoen
and Privates J. M. Godman and G. M.
Williams were winn rs of silver bars.
Private Godman made the highest score
during the shoot, having 47 to his credit.
Company E, having been defeated by
Company C of Petaluma at tbe recent
competitive a oot, Ims asked for a return
match, to take place in tbe near future.
Owing to the lateness of the season
neither Company E nor Company 0 will
go into camp thi'a year.
The commis-ions of Sergeant Smith
and Corporals Coulter, Schapp, Kraft and
Kahler arrived here Monday night, and
the happy event was celebrated at the
barracks by an informal musical enter
tainment.
Sergeant Smith when called on for a
speech gave a graphic account of life in
Alaska. Corporal Coulter took advantage
of the occasion to make a public explana
tion of how he happened to miss the
whole target seven times out of ten during
the shoot.
A dramatic entertainment will probably
be given in ihe near future by the mem
bers of the company under the direction
of Lieutenant C. H. Holmes.
Third Brigade.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 18.-Now that the
cool and pleasant evenings of oar Indian
Bummer are here, members of Company E
are not begging to be excised from drills.
Last Tuesday evening Captain Ward was
doubly well pleased with the large attend
ance.
Lieutenants Nolan (of Troop I) and Lock
wood (of Troop C), U. 8. A., were in town
on business that evening, and compli
mented the local company on their outdoor
drilling.
Lieutenant Nolan is in receipt of a tele
gram notitying him of a three months'
ieave of absence.
General Henry L. Abbott, a retired of
ficer of the Engineer Corps, U. S. A.,
arrived last evening, with C. S. Sargent
and Dr. Arnold Hague of the Forestry
Commission, for an official visit to our
timber country. John Muir, whose name
is a household word amongst our people,
accompanied the party.
Amongst the many good words spoken
of The Call by others than the citizen
sold.er, the Visaiia Delta says: "The San
Francisco Call prints two columns or
more every Monday mornins giving Na
tional Guard news. The Visaiia corre
spondent keeps Tux Call posted regarding
company news."
MERCED, Cal., Sept. 17.— The semi
annual target practice of Company H,
Sixtn Infantry, has been fixed lor Friday]
September 26. Lieutenant P. H. Medley
of Modesto, inspector of rifle practice of
tbe regiment, will supervise the shoot.
The more interested members are getting
in practice for the event and intend to
make a shi wing at the butts if possible.
Some of the men are discouraged over the
60 per cent ruling. There are otners, how
ever, who believe that the target medals
are too easy to win now and that the
qualification should be raised. They claim
that if neaiiy all can win a decoration the
chief value of it as an honor is lost The
regulation prohibiting the holding of State
shoots on Sunday also works considerable
hardship to some men whose employers
are lacking in patriotism and either re
fuse to let them off long enough to shoot
their score or permit them to go, but in a
surly or be rugging manner. The com
pany's percentage is invariably lowered
by absentees who could and would be on
hand if Sunday could be utilized for the
purpose.
At the last drill meeting seven recruits
were swum in. A number of discharges
have been r commended by the captain in
this month's orders, among them a
sereeant and a corporal whose terms have
expired. Some aspirant* for military
honors are already appearing; their but
tons are unusually bright and their drill
more snappy than ordinarily.
Sergeant T. F. Potter was sworn in for a
second term of three years. "Truey" said
he was going to quit, but when the time
came he could nut leave the boys. Sergeant
Potter is a good soldier and knows how to
obey orders. The boys gave him the "glad
hand" after drill was over. He is an
exceptionally good violin player, and a
little story is going the rounds since the
company's trip to Stockton. Sergeants
Potter and Guthrie in their rambles found
a. vioiin-player and a darky dancer fishing
for nickels. Potter got tbe instrument
and started a rattling tune, and Guthrie
astonished the darky and the crowd with
his steps. The professionals were rele
gated to the rear for tne time being.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Sept. 15.— Now
that the warm spell is over the marksmen
of thf local military company will make
more frequent visits to tbe butts and some
splendid reports in that line may be looked
for during the fail montha. Just now they
are patiently awaiting the official an-
nouncement of the date for the second
semi-annual State shoot for 1896.
Last Sunday those who ha i returned
home from their summer vacation repaired
to the rifle range and made the following
scores: Private A. Brannan, 45; Captain
G. H. Vos-, 46; Private Barr, 45; Private
Shaffer, 44; Private Peter Arnoldy, 44;
Private H>>vis, 43; Sergeant Delay, 43;
Corporal Selinger, 41; Private Klempp,
41; Private Sutfin, 39: Private Carsten
brock, 39; Corporal Mayer, 38; Private
Rocka feller, 38; Private Fratts, 37; Pri
vate W. F. Lewis, 36; Quartermaster-
Sergeant Morrlssey, 35; Private Hall, 34;
Private Ardinger, 34; Private Bluett, 34;
Private Herzog, 34. At pistol practice
Colonel Furbes of the Second Regiment
male a 43 score.
The company roll keeps steadily'increas
ing. At the last meeting three new mem
bers were elected and two applications
filed. To help along the new material
drills are now held every Monday evening
at the new armory in Turner Hall. Often
the company is taken to the main street
of the city, which has a bitumenized pave
ment, and put throueh the various man
euvering?, special attention being paid at
present to the extended order drill.
Company D has an active set of officers
who with the citizens take a pride in the
military company that has brought more
Pretty Little Nadine <fe Ojeda, 4 Years Old, Who Was Run Over and
Disfigured on Saturday by a v Scorcher."
than ordinary fame to Marysviile through
its shootiug record.
IN THE A MUSEMENT LINE.
Several Attractions that Are on the
1 Bills for This Evening.
The Steele Mackaye's adapta ion of Sar
dou'a "In Spite of All," is the play that is
to be presented at the Columbia Theater
this evening. It is said to be a story of
the heart presented in a manner that
proves exceedingly interesting.
The Grand Opera-bouse Is to present
this evtning "Mr. Potter of Texas," with
L. R. Stockwell. Victory Bateman and
Howard Kyle in the cant. This combina
tion of talent is sure to draw to this house
a large audience.
"Divorce," that splendid comedy by
Augustin Daly, will be performed at the
Alcazar this evening. It is a play of New
York and Florida, full of society events
which serve to make up a good plot. It
will be put on with a strong cast.
This evening there will be a revival at
the Tivoii Opera-bouse of grand opera,
"Tne Huguenots" will be offered with the
full cast of the company. This wi.l be
given only to-nig t, for itie to be followed
to-morrow by tne "Bohemian Girl."
There are new f.aures on the bill at
the Orpheum Music Hall for this evening.
One is Walter Leon, a child actor, said to
be a mimic without a rival. Another is the
Carpo Brothers in acrobatic performance,
and still another, a new comedy turn, by
Riley and Hughes.
There will be a performance by specialty
artists in the* Casino at the Haight-street
Grounds thu eveninsr. Many interesting
features are to be offered by people who
are new to this place of amusement. In
addition there will be the usual outdoor
attractions.
The special attraction at the Mechanics'
and Home Product Fair in the Pavilion
this eveuin • will be the attendance of
German societies. This has been desig
nated as "German night." The German
singing societies will render vocal cho
ruses under the leadership of Professor
Fischer.
"Madame Sans Gene" will be produced
at the Maciionough Theater, Oakland, to
night, with the same company that g.ve
it at the Baldwin in this City, Katbryn
Kidder assuming the title role. This
play has attracted wide attention, and Las
been especially applauded by society.
Trout for the Blao Lakes.
Alfred V. La Mott of Glen Ellen arrived at
the Grand Hotel last night on his way to the
Biue Lakes of Lake County with 100,000
young TnUoe trout, furnished by the Fists Com
missioners, to add to the thousand* with which
the San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company ha» recently stocked the lakes. Last
year Mr. La Mott put in 300 000 small Tahoe
trout for the company, and the average of
these cau?ht this season weigh a pound apiece
and are thirteen inches in length. In addi
tion to these there have been placed in the
lakes this -eason 300,000 young Tahoe trout
and 25,000 German brown trout, which it is
hoped will mingle with the Tahoe variety and
form a hybrid lake irout superior even to the
original Tahoe. The Biue Lake* are a chain of
three lakes three mile* lont? by a half mile
wide, and of great depth,"3sO feet of line hav
ing been let out in some places without finding
bottom. The intention is In a lew years to
have a trout-fishing tround like Lake Tahoe,
only more accessible to the middle class that
enjoys angling but cannot aflbrd many trips
so far from San Francisco as Lake Tahoe.
At th»- Ocean Beach.
There was a much larger number of people
than usual at the ocean beach yesterday and a
large crowd in the Sutro Baths to witness tbe
various races in the big tank. The dives from
tbe 68-foot platform by Miss O. SChulte and
M. Milts were as star ling as they were grace
ful, and the comicalities on the platform
trapeze bar by Cornell and Empey created
roars of laughter.
General Barnes to Workingmen.
General W. H. L. Barnes will give a talk to
the worklngmen at Pioneer Hall, Pioneer
place, next Tuesday evening. Seats In the as
sembly room will be reserved lor workingmen.
HER PRETTY FACE
BADLY DISFIGURED
Nadine de Ojeda Painfully
Injured by a
"Scorcher."
A FOUR- YEAR-OLD BABT.
She Was Run Down by a Whirl
wind Rider From the
Park.
NOT A WORD OF "WARNING.
Tbe Bury Brute Did Not Stop a
Moment to Pick Up the
Bleeding Child.
Bright-eyed little Nadine de Ojeda, a
tot barely four years of age, is the victim
of a most cruel and brntal mishap, even if
it was only an accident.
During the past two weeks she and her
brother Luis, two years her senior, nave
been sufferers from whooping-couftb. Aa
was their daiJy habit, they started with
their nurse on Saturday morning last for
a walk to Golden Gate Park.
The babies were toddling along, chat
ting, laughing and casting at each other
some few tiowers they had plucked at
home a few momenta before. The nurse
followed them closely until at the corner
of Devi^adero and Fell streets the boy
was taken wiib a coughing spasm. She
lent him her assistance, and when the fit
was nearly over she moved over toward
Nadine, the baby girl, who, as though in
sympathy with her brother, had likewise
began to cough. Before the nurse could
reach her the paroxysm had increased and
she had staggered off the curbstone.
Sub.-equent events are indistinct in the
mind of the nurse. There was a whirl
wind rush, a dull noise and her pretty
charge lay on the asphalt pavement with
a 200- pound rider and his bicycle on top
of her.
The nurse speaks no English, but her
cry of "Mon Dieu, elle est morte!" told in
her mother tongue the terrible impres
sion that had come over her.
She rushed forward and tugged at the
prostrate rider so as to get him from off
the child. He rose slowly and raised his
wh?el.
He glanced at the nurse, who 'ad raised
the unconscious and bleeding baby in her
arms, said not a word, but mounted again
and rode away aa swiftly as he could
pedal.
This rider of most unwheelmanlike pro
clivities did not stop for a second or dis
play the slightest humane feeling, his
every endeavor being to leave the scene of
the accident and the infuriated crowd of
men who had jumped off a passing car in
an effort to intercept him.
Dr. Card, Dr. F. W. Harris and Dr. B.
de Marv'lle were summoned ana the baby
was restored to consciousness.
Her body was covered with bruises, but
it is believed nothing more serious is to
be feared. But from the beautiful face of
the little girl before the accident, and her
present swollen and discolored and torn
face and head, there Is a saddening chance.
The unknown rider, who scorched down
Fell street and turned into Devisadero,
running down and so »cv rely injuring
the child, had neither a brake nor a bell to
his wheel.
A Live Repubi can Club.
The Lincoln Republican Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District held its
regular weekly meetin ■ Saturday evening
at Music Hall, 107 Ninth street. About
150 members were present. Speeches were
delivered ny J. D. Byrne, F. J. Klenck
and A. A. Friedlander.
The drill corps, which was formed two
weeks atro, has a mem berfhip of seventy
five. Officers of the drill corns were elected
,as follows: Captain, H. Mangels; first
lieutenant, V. .McCann ; second lieutenant,
G. Fenstarmacher; first sergeant, G. W
Reid.
Thomas Graham was unanimously in
dorsed by the club for the office of Police
Judge.
Songs and recitations were rendered by
J. Kane. G. Fenstermacher and W. Jen
kins. Tne club aJjoumed with three
cheers for McHinley and HobarU
Sanitary Laxct in Mont rev
MONTEREY. Cal., Sept. 20.-The Boa-d
of Supervisors of* Monterey County yester
day passed an ordinance providing for the
food" lEJrf r ♦ !8l * vu Be"d8 c"d for human
lood, in order to ascertain the patholoci
cal condition of arch animals; to preve, t
the sale of milk from diseased cows or
other animals; ail milk which is foSnd ?o
ba unclean or adulterated to be destroyed
Suicide at Gig Harbor.
Pan A d . WABH " Sept. 20-Maynard
Randolph, 66 y-ars old, a rancher, com
muted suic;de lastnipbt at Gig Harbor by
shooting himself. He , left a lote saving
lllnesa was the cause. saying
Is the light that will ' brine a great bf>
glow of happiness to yon. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Th«
wonderful discover}' was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. - It is " the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made, ft is so powerful
that it is simply won 'erf ul bow harmless
it is. You can L-et it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extra jrdidary Rejuvenator .is th»
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors.d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematareneBS of th«
discbarge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t'vitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy. ;
HUDYAN cures debility, nervoooness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Preraaturenesy means imootency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
ped in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more" than any other rem-
edy. Semi for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— impure blood, doe to seri-
ous private disorders, ' caries myriads of sot •>■
producing K'-rms. Tnen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spot*, uicers in mouth, old sores and
f&lltn? hair. You can «aye a trip t-> Hoi Sprint*
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
80-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and 11 In Sta.
■■ • - . SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THISGS THAT CROW.
It is an old familiar saying
that Large oaks from little
acorns grow." This may be
variously applied.
For instance, a man may have
a gonorrhoeal trouble which, in
its inception, is a very simple,
disease. With prompt and
proper treatment it can be easi-
ly cured in a very short time.
But without that kind of treat-
ment it often leads to diseases as
serious and complicated as any
that afflict the human body.
The trouble is that the pa-
tient tries to be his own doctor,
tries to cure himself, or, what is
still worse, he resorts to some
cheap quack remedy.
As a result his gonorrhoea
soon becomes chronic and de-
velops into gleet. A little later
a stricture forms. Then his
urinary organs get out of fix.
After a while inflammation of
the bladder and decay , of the
kidneys set in, and when this
stage is reached a complete
physical collapse is near at
hand.
' Men, beware ! Do not travel
over such a road to early graves.
Go immediately to Doctor Cook,
who is as familiar with diseases
(DOCTOR COOK.)
of this character, in all their
various stages, as you are with
the very daylight.
Doctor Cook is also familiar
with the latest and best methods
of cure for lost or failing man-
hood, varicocele, hydrocele and
every form of sexual ailment.
Blood and skin diseases and
diseases of all the internal or-
gans promptly cured. Particu-
lar attention given to female
complaints.
; Write if you cannot call. Mail
treatment always satisfactory.
; Office hour v. 9to 12, 2t05,7 to 8. Sun-
days, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only. Address
DOCTOR fill IK 165I 65 MAR KET STREET,
UUU 1 Un UU JIV, San Francisco, Cal. .
OjlP__3!; ' B^Hw'n Hot ; .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
ft ,GRILL
™h ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
*>PISN IATIL MIONIoHX.
COSIVIOI>OIjITA.iNr.
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Mfth St., San
Francisco, Cat — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room $1, $1 26 and $1 50 pet
c *?» according ;to room, Meals 23& Kooms 50a
and 75c a day. • Free coach to and from the howt
•look for the coach, bearing the name of the Cot-
mopoilian HoteL . - wa. t'AHUIf. iroprietor.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
»U*YM and soon cures all Colds. Hoarseness, Sort
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions I and Inflamm*-
ttoai. 60c per Dome, bold by DrunKlswDEMOCRATS ARE
MUCH DEJECTED
Bad Reports From All Parts
of the State and
Nation.
SENATOR WHITE BLUE.
Bourbons Unhappy Because Cator
and Baker Are Conducting
lheir Campaign.
CANNOT GET ANY SPEAKERS.
Their Eastern Orators Are for McKin
ley and They See the Tide
Turning Here.
Yesterday was a busy day among the
many factions of local politicians, and a
day of sad reflections to a number of
Democrats who have been hopeful of
sweeping everything west of the original
thirteen colonies for Bryan and free silver.
Senator Stephen M. White, who spoke
at Oakland Saturday night and who con
ferred with a number of Iroquois braves
during his sojourn, is not so hopeful over
the outlook as he was. His aistrust and
forebodings apply not only to the result
in the State, but to the general result for
Bryan as well.
"Senator White tola me he was sur
prised at the absolute lack of the party's
organization up this way," said a promi
nent Democrat last night, "and there are
reasons for believing he does not have
much faith in the way Chairman Jones is
conducting the National campaign."
One of the things thai are greatly worry
ing Democrats is that the State campaign
is out of their hands. Thomas V. Cator,
Populist candidate tor United States Sen
ator, seems to be handling the State
fi-Jit. Democratic headquarers at tbe
California Hotel are aimosi deserted, "and
tbe Democratic politics not being done by
Cator," the kickers say, "is being looked
after by Colonel George Baker of the silver
wing."
However much this arrangement may
please Chairman Alford, the young man
from Vi«alia in charge oi th? State fi^ht,
it looks like kindergarten politics to some
of the old warnoises of the Democracy.
Many of these interested themselves at
tiie hotels yesierdav by discussing the
outcome likely to be the reward of the
c.rupaign. As a result they are very
luicewarru in their support and are cha
grined at the young man's frequent ap
peals for coin.
The Democrats are much afraid that the
comine of General Benjamin Butterworth
and ex-Governor Foraker will cause a
stampede to McKinley such as has over
taken the E :st, hut they have appealed in
vain for good speakers from the East.
The one stereotype d answer that comes is
that ali the able- Democratic speakers are
for McKinley or Pa.mer. Goaded to des
peration by their failures, the Democrats
Jt provailed upon Senator White
to follow up General Butterworth with
the hope of repairing, as far as possible,
the damage he will do.
Colonfl H. G. Shaw returned from
Yountville yesterday, where he made a
speech to 700 people Saturday night. "I
have been speaking at many olaces for
week?," he said, "and I rind the McKm
ley sentiment growing everywhere. Me
chanics and workinemen in general are
coming over to us by scores. The more
ilipy study tiie question the clearer do
they see t tie fallacies of tne shyer craze.
Men who were for Brvan a few weeks ago
are now unreservedly for McK.nley and
protection, and we are making gains
every day."
Chairman Streining of the Sonoma
County Centra! Committee came to the
City yesterday. He is delighted over the
outlook in Ms county, of which he said:
"McKinley is the one hope oi our people.
Our convention at Seba&topul a few days
ago wac one of the best we ever nad, and
this campaign is organized and effective
all throueh the county. We have fine
men on the local ticket, and there is every
reasoti to believe that we will sweep the
county. Bryan men are growing scarcer
every day, and a wholesome reaction has
set in."
Charles W. Weston of Los Angeles ar
rived from a trip through the southern
part of the State yesterday, and he has de
cided ideas of the campaign. Speaking of
the outlook, he said: "The so-called!
Silver Republican Ciub down our way is
weakening every day, because men tee the
error they are makng by deserting the
Republican party tor the chimerical
dreams of the Popocrats."
Tiie Junta wing oi the Democracy is
working diligently on the slate, and a re
sult will probably be reached in a few
days in all the assembly districts, bat until
the matter is settled baa blood between
tne two wings of the Bouruons is likely to
continue.
Officers Were Elected.
At the laat regular meeting of the Bryan
and Sewall Cinb of the Thirty-first Dis
trict tbe following permanent officers were
eiected: President. James Dunning; vice
president, H. J. Butler; secretary, James
McMauus; treasurer. Edward McKewen;
feergennt-at-arnis, Charles Proctor. One
hundred ana sixty members signed tne
roll.
UNDER ELECTRIC LIGHTS.
The Nord Deutgcher Verein Holds Its
Twenty-Second Outing.
The Nord Deutscher Verein, one of the
largest and most flourishing German
benevolent societies in San Francisco,
held its regular annual picnic at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. As the affair ex
tended into the night it was also called a
moonlight picnic.
Tbe verein was formed in 1874. and now
has a membership of about 400. It has
$25,000 in the bank as a reserve fund, be
sides a surplus account of $500. The
officers of the verein are: A. Meyer, presi
dent; Georce Alpers. vice-president; C.
Moeiler, secretary; William Moeller,
financial secretary ; Otto Schinkei, treas
urer; finance committee— H. Jrleisner,
Theodore Dierks and. N Gerrkin.
The outing was a success in every way.
There were dancing in tne pavilion, bowl
ing in the alley and raffles, gifts and prizes
for the young "folks and children. When
the darkness of the evening settled down
the handiwork and artistic taste of Cap
tain Bie be were manifest. Large arc eiec
t-ic lights appeared in all parts of the
grounds and in the pavilion, while from
the limbs of numerous trees and con
venient places on the building Japanese
lanterns added light and variety to the
scene. The affair was under the manage*
nient of the following committees:
General committee— E. F. Barutb. Carl
Moeller, H. StellinK, H. Meisner, Edward
Stehn, H. Barthoid.
Fioor committee— Charles Kemme ana
Clans Witt.
Raffk- committee— H. Meisner, E. Stehn
and E. Fleisber.
A special train took theNord Deutschers
and their friends back to the City at 11
o docit at niuiit.
Grand Street Parade Yesterday of Representatives of the Italian Colony in Celebration of the Twenty-Sixth
Anniversary of the Entrance of the National Army Into Rome.
ITALY'S DAY OF
GREAT REJOICING
September 20 Celebrated
by the Italian
Colony.
ROUNDS OF FESTIVITIES
Grand Street Parade and Patri
otic Exercises at Harbor
View.
FIR. WORKS HELD AFTER DARK
The Festivities Brought to a Happy
Conclusion With a Grand
Ball.
ITALIANI!
Cinque Ins tri or lono le truppe Itali
an* entravaoo per: la breccia dl Porta
( Pia nella Capitate d'ltalia, c piantavano
; in Campldoglio II nostro vemillo Tri
colors.
II 20 Settembre fa coronato dall' unl-
I flcazione i: alien per la quale fa versato
: 11 sangue del nostri martiri.
Innanzi al some di.Bomst cessano le
garo de' partiti, cessano In question!
• personal!. Qui vi c campo coinune a
1 tutti, gui vi c apazio per tutte le idee.
Roma c sospiro deg.i unitari come
Capitate dello Stato, c »o»p ro de' ratti
cali come cesaazione del Papato.
X la Societa del Bersaglierl, coadlu
i Tata dal Comitato Scuola, c di Soccorso,
sta da tempo preparandoil per festeg
giare it ventesimo sesto. auniveraario
dell' Occupazione di Roma in modo
degno della Colonia ed'ltalia noatra.
■»organo art iiiiti lie tan to nil caaolare
del povero quanta sulla reaidenza del
rlcco, guile botteghe, dappertutto ove
; batte un cuore Italiano, bandlere « fea
toni ; c si* £*nerale ( unanime, apontaneo
11 giubilo per la nostra font a.
Pensate che dal proiitto di detta feata
Tiene dedotto 11 50 O(O, « distribuito in
parti agnail fra il Comitato della Scuola
Italians, c del povero delta Colonia.
. Viva Roma Intangl bile ! Viva Italia !
K. VKNACLU, Preaidente S. B.
P. KAIiBIEKI, Preaideote S.
A. ZAIS.kLOA.NO, Presldente C. S.
— Greeting /ram the united Italian societies
on the celebration,
The Italian colony of San Francisco cel
ebrated the twenty-sixth anniversary yes
i terday of the entrance of Italy's army into
! Rome. Early in the day crowds began to
1 gather for the festive and patriotic outing.
; They sun ounded Beraaelieri Hall at Stock
ton and Union streets and as soon as the
procession of Italian societies passed they
went to Harbor View Park. Every partic
ipant appeared to enter with enthusiasm
into the spirit of the occasion, and all
joined in making the celebration worthy j
i of the Italian colony and of the day itself. j
First of all there was a street parade, then
patriotic exercises at ' Harbor Vie w Park,
followed by dancing and social pleasures, j
In the evening grand fireworks on Wash- |
ington square were given in the presence i
of thousands, and the celebration was I
brought to a ting close with a grand ball j
which lasted till the small hours of morn- I
ing. Montgomery avenue and the greater
portion of North Beach was decorated in
honor of the day and the Italian flag flew
from many a tall pole in that district.
The procession formed at Stockton and
Union streets and passed along ' Stockton
street to Broadway, thence; to Montgom
ery avenue and on to Union and Powell;
streets, where the parade - dispersed and
proceeded in cars to the park. Qiannetti's
band was in the lead, followed by the
alumni of the Italian school and commit
tees of tne various Ital an societies. : A.
N. Codeglia was grand marshal.
When a large crowd was gathered in the
Park pavilion E. Vena<>lia, president of
the day, opened the literary exercises. A.
D. Splivalo delivered an address in Italian
that was enthusiastically applauded, and
James A. de Voto spoke <in English. S He
referred 10 the event* that led up to t.e
struggle for Italian autonomy and de
scribed the final triumph when Italy's
troops marched into Rome, September 20,
1870. The day, he said, was dear to every
Italian's heart, and no matter where the
Italian flag floated on tuat da 7 the victory
was commemorated. Patriotic music was
furnished by the band between the ad
dresses. '.■':- j - .-_/■■■ ■■■■'■'. ' -;'? -' .* - : ;.,' . r ; .■
An event of the afternoon was the tom
bola or drawing of , prizes. which' caused
considerable merriment. ; ; .
F. Serra, vice-cons ul of Italy, wa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
honorary president of the day, the man
agement of which was in the hands oi the
following committees:
Executive — II Consiglio del Bersaglierl. II
Consigiio Scolasttco. II Comitato di Soccorso.
Gate— P. Consunno, capo comm. ; A. L. Baci
galupi, A. Particeili, G. B. Ratio, G. Bazzuro,
G. Crema, S. Paganini, L. Favilia, L. Ghiel
metti, A. Codes;! ia.
Ball— P. Barbieri, direttore; Assisienti: E.
Rusglero, C. O. Fauda, A. Petri, G. Vallero.
Tombola — A. Nardini, capo comm.: A.
Zabaldatio, A. Paulucci.L. Pardini.E, Venaglia,
E. C. Palmieri, L. Torre, E. Unit.
While many were returning from Har
bor View the sky was illuminated with
fireworks, most of which had the pic
turesque background of Washington
Square and Telegraph Hill. An immense
throng viewed the many beautiful things
in fires, and greeted tbe set pieces with
cheers. Even as they applauded the
National emblems that sparkled and glit
tered in the night, Bersaglieri Hall was
filling with those who made up a brilliant
gathering an I enjoyed the dance. The
erand ball proved to be equal in eve y
particular to the preceding events, and
its success was due to the efforts of the
following prominent Italinn citizens:
Reception commi ttee— G. F. Fugazi, Aw. F.
Cavagnaro, Aw. A. Splivalo, Aw. A. Rossi,
Aw. J. Devoto, Aw. A. Spinettl, Aw. A. Bian
chi, Dott. f. De Vecchi, Dott. G. Pescia, Dott.
A. Rossi, Dott. V. Vaccarl, Dott. O. Perrone,
Dott. C. Barsotti. Dott. G. E. Caglieri, Dott. A.
De Lucis, Dott. L. D. Bacignlupi. Dott. F. Bon
ini, Dott. T. Rottanzi, A. Zabaldano, Cay. G.
Calegaris, P. C. Rossi. D. P. Rnssi. A. A. Cav
agnaro, C. O. Fauda, L. Dl Nola, A. Sbaiboro,
T. Bacigalupi, Uapt. L. Baglietto. G. Musto, A.
Venzano. G. Oaelieri, C. J. Sala, M. Fontana, F.
Cavagnaro, G. Taeconi, M. Postiglioni, F. N.
Belgrano. G. F. Martlnoni, A. Chichizzola, G.
Costa, G. Cuneo.
Door committee — G. Oadenasso, capo comm.;
G. Belli, R. Petri, G. Bovo, G. Bovone, C. De
Ricco, D. Aiberigi, C. Giuntini, C. Lucchesi, G.
Maipiede.
Ball committee— G. Luisi, direttore; assiv
tentl, Dott. L. D. Bacigaiupi, E. Ruggtero; E.
Fauda, G. Ertola, C. Carll, G. Tofanelli, E.
Merani, G. laccheri, G. Valente.
Refreshments — L. Torre, capo comm.; L. Fa
villa, F. Zeiro, A. Bricca, G. Cagnacci, G. Baz
turro, L. Pardini, V Venturi.
THE HANDBALL COURTS
J. C. Nealon and J. Feeney Play a Great
Game Againat M. J. Kilgullon
and R. Lenlhan.
The handball courts were crowded yes
terday and several exciting games were
witnessed. At the San Francisco court a
game that aroused the keenest interest
was played, the contestants being J. C.
Nealon and J. Feeney against M. J. Kil
gallon and 11. Lenihan, the overhand
swiper. The play was marked by exciting
rallies which created the greatest enthusi
asm. Nealon and Feeney carried off the
honors, chiefly owing to Feeney's all
round clever play. Another interesting
» ame was played between the old-timo
rival teams, D. Rodgers and Phil Ryan
and M. McNeil and G. McDonald, the two
former winning the final by two aces.
Several new players again made their
appearance in the Union court, and for
be.inners played a very good game. One
of the most exciting games was that be
tween W. P. Doran and R. Barry and W.
Heffernan and R. Burke, the two former
winning. Some disappointment was felt
that tiie event of the day did. not come off,
owing to the absence from the City of two
of the players. J. Harlow and W. Mc-
Manus were matched to play M. J. Kil
galion and Terry McManus, the heavy
weight champion. It will come off next
Sunday.
Some good games were played in the
Mission Athletic Club conn and in the
E'ireka court.
Following were the games played in the
different courts:
San Francisco Court— J. O'Donnell and Doc
Molioy defeated T. Sullivan and C. Ward, 21—
15,17-21,21-19. J. White and W. Haniii
t>n defeated J. Collins and J. Brown, 21—13
16-21.21—18. Matt Smith and VV. T. Fitz
gerald defeated Joe Ford and W. Criinmlujrg
21-14, 17-21, 21-20. D. Rodgers and P.
Ryan defeated M. McNeil and G. McDon
ald, 21—13, 16—21, 21—19. L. Corraine
and C. Talo defeated W. Manning and
J. Boyle, 21—14, 17-21, 21—20
George Hutchinson and W. Btansbury defeated
R. Murphy and P. Huichinson, 21—15, 17—21
21—20. D. Conne.ly and J. Lawleßs defeated
I J. Purcell and J. 81attry, 21—15, 17—21,
21—19. J. C. Nealon and J. Feeney defeated
R. Lenihan and M. J. Kilg&lion, 21—14, 17—21,
Union court— F. Kiernan and J. Quinlan de
feated E. Thompson and W. Glynn, 21—17
15—21, 21—13. M. J. O'Connor and Ed Wo da
defeated W. WesplinK and P, Madden, 21—16,
12-21, 21—10. Phil Gaughan and M. Basch
defeated T. Fay and George McGuire, 21— 10,
14—21, 21— 17. J. Dooley and J. Freeman de
feated J. F. Gibbons and J. P. McCarthy
21-15. 17-21, 21-18. W. P. Doran
and R. Barry defeated W. Heffernan
and R. Burke, 21-18, 17—21, 21—15
R. Murohy and Jap Lynns defeated N. Tierney
and T. Wiiley, 21-7, 16-21, 21-4. B. Dinen
and F. Doherty defeated the Conlon Brothers,
21-18, 15-21, 21-19. J. Collins and w!
Prince defeated J. White and W. McGuire
21-14, 16-21, 21-17. '
Mission Athletic Club court— Joe Eberle and
Fred Mack^efeated Con Ryan and Jack Sulli
van, 21— 16, 17-V2l, 21— 19. Tom Barry and
S. Matlrz defeated J. McGovern and T Cases
-21-11, 21-19,16-21. J. McGovern and Peter
Bohen defeated M Bohen and S. Matlrz 21—
18, 21—15. Joe Matirz and Kred Uaaser de
emed Paddy Ryan and A. B. Morris, 21— 18
78-21, 21—16.
Eureka courtr-S. McLaughlin and J. White
deleaied v. McGratii and J. Daily. M. Norton
defeated J. Mitchell. McKeon brothers de
ieated Tuites brothers. George Kaffney de
feated Ed Foparty.
♦ ♦ — * .
Boxing 1 ournament.
A boxing tournament .was held at Rio Vista
on Saturday which attracted > a ; large « number
of visitors from the J City. rj Frank Tuurman of
the ■ Olympic Club defeated .J. Henley of the
Sacramento * Club In : - tour rounds. ~ Stewart
Carter of the Olympic Club boxed a draw with
L. A. Payen of; the Sacramento Club. Joe
Rear of the Olympic Club defeated Bob Galvin
of the Ariel Club.- •
•. . --r, :;-<■:,... , .....*■*,* . ■■. . r
Loams on diamonds, interest low. '. At Uncle
iiains'i 16 Urani aveuuo.
DEVOUT GIRLS
AT ST. JOSEPH'S
They Crowd the Church
Densely to Attend
the Mission.
INTEREST IN SERVICES
Redemptorist Fathers Greeted
by Thousands of Sincere
Women.
PAPAL BENEDICTION GIVEN-
Father O'Shea Preaches to Girls on
What Is Necessary for Their
Salvation.
The mission of the Redemptorist
Fathers at St. Joseph's Church, Tenth and
Howard streets, was attended yesterday
by thousands of women and giris. The
greatest posisble interest is taken by
parishioners of St. Joseph's in the work of
the zealous priests, and this was evident
yesterday in the crowds that filled the
church.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at
10:30 a. m. by Father Scanlan, assisted by
Father Collins as deacon, Father Mc-
Donald as subdeacon and Father Doran as
master of ceremonies. Tne Rev. Father
O'Shea delivered a sermon on the seven
dolors of the Blessed Virgin, which formed
the gospel of the day.
At 3 P. m. the mission for married women
was solemnly closed.
The music at this service consisted of
the "Veni Creator" by Cagliero, Rossi's
"Magnificat," Rossini's "0 Salutaris,"
Rosewig's "Tantum Ergo and Qiorza'a
"Laudate Dominum." beautifully ren
dered by the choir — Miss J< nnie Eastman,
soprano; Miss Nellie Gallagher, contralto;
Philip Murphy ana Edward Lotz, tenors,
and Frank P. Scoliins, basso. At the
close the Papal benediction was given by
Father Mullane to about 1500 married
ladies.
The evening services began the mission
or young ladies, who packed the church.
Father O Shea preached on the salvation
of the soul, using the text, "There is one
thing necessary."
He pointed out the necessity of all people
seeking the one thing necessary, which is
not to be found in the acquisition of
wealth, or material or sensual pleasures;
but in the love and service of God and the
observance of his commandments.
A mission began in St. Joseph's Hall at
9 a. m. for all little girls of the parish no
matter what schools tney attend. Every
morning during the week there will be
mass in the hall and instructions at 8
o'clock for the children.
Thursday, at 7:30 p. m., there will be a
special lecture on the dutieß which a
young woman owes to her God, to her
parents and to herself. Friday evening
all the young women will be solemnly
conseciate i to the Sacred Heart of Jesus,
and on Saturday evening ail women and
children, who have mude their first com
munion, will be solemnly dedicated to the
Blessed Virgin. Next Sunday the mission
for married men will begin in St. Joseph's
Church.
A Tableau Entertainment.
Yesterday afternoon all the participants in
the historical carnival to be given for tbe ben
efit of the Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union had a meeting at Native Sons'
Hall to make final arrangements.
Tnis evening's programme comprises a grand
march in costume and a tableau on the main
stage.
The following persons will take part: Mrs. C.
F. Kapp, Mrs. H. Lewis, Mrs. Bimon, Mrs. F. A.
Cornell. Mrs. C. C. O'Donnell, Mrs. M. Duke,
Mrs. E. Anderson, Mrs. D. Bralley, Mrs. D.
Quinlan, Mrs. D. M. Church; Misses Lilnh
I Lawn, Pearl Laws, Maggie Henix, Mamie
Hinde, Myra Edgerly, Luce; Messrs. Louis
Short, Kelly, J. J. Dunn, C. F. Haden, H War
rich, Frank Dunn, f linn, Z. Ynmabi, Megget
A second tableau wl.l be Isabella and hor
court receiving Co.umbus after his return
from America. The following persons will
take p«rt: Mesdames Paris Kilburn, Dr. Kemp
Van Ec, Paternon, Critcber, Cogell L. C.
Swain; Misses Tresa Shreeves, Stabler Kil
burn, Wright, Ingelsole, Lou Holland, Cohn
Annie Mclntyre; Profesnor How, Messrs Co
gill, Wolfe, Daniel Gates, George McDuugall
The third will be a Mexican scene and dance
and thow who will take part are: Mesdames
Ovieda, Alburta Gruenhagan, Maud Haas
Emma Proaek, Mac Folsom, Lauretta Cook'
-Vetta Creighton, Carrie Harrtß; Messrs San
ford G. Sewnld, Dr. Louis Oviedn, Robert F
Haight, Fred F. Martin, Walter G. Wiley
The Letter-Carriers' Band will play between
the tableaux.
The Golden Gates Beaten.
The San Francisco Reds defeated the
Golden Gates by & score of 23 to 18 yester
day, and a nine from the Ban Francisco
Market by a score of 6 to 2. The Reds
woula be pleased to hear from the Swin
nertona.
DOCTORS SOWING
A WHIRLWIND
Contract Lodge Practice
the Question at
Issue.
OPEN WAR DECLARED.
Physicians Who Serve Fraternal
Orders Denounced as
t Ignorant.
LODGE MEMBERS INDIGNANT.
They Declare the Agitation a Futile
Attempt to Turn Civilization
Backward.
Thousands upon thousands of members
of fraternal and benevolent societies are
interested and are likely to be more or
less affected by an agitation that is rapidly
spreading and assuming increased power
among the members of the medical pro
fession of this City and of the State gen
erally.
The matter in issue is tersely and clearly
set forth in the following excerpt from an
editorial which appeared in the September
issue of the Occidental Medical Times:
The question of contract lodge practice by
reputable physicians, whereby medical and
surgical services and medicines are furnished
at a fixed and purely nominal sum to members
of various "benevolent" societies is fast be
coming a burning one. Of late years the mag
nitude and extent of this evil has pressed more
hardly on the profession. At the present time,
with the numerous iree dispensa-ies and ciin
ica and the various "benevolent societies."
some of which even support hospitals, the life
of the general practitioner is yearly becoming
harder.
If we read the signs of the times aright,
there is now under way a widespread move
ment against the various organizations which,
under the cloak of charity or benevolence, or
openly in the spirit of commercialism, are now
flourishing so ratikly.
Some two years ago, in San Francisco, there
were ominous mutterlngs in the profession,
when some new "lodge" was about to be
formed.
The mutterings became louder, until their
volume wa s sufficient to compel some promi
nent members vi the profession to disassociate
themselves from the scheme.
More iecently ( in Soutnern California an
active agitation has been in progress with the
object ot placing this class of business where
it properly belongs — among the ignorant and
disreputable ot our profession.
At several of the recent sessions of the
San Francisco County Medical Society the
matter has been hotly debated and efforts
made to formally pledge all the members
against the practice condemned in the
foregoing article, but thus far without
success. It is probable that this out
spoken expression by a journal that is
looked upon as a representative organ of
the profession will renew the agitation lo
cally and lead to some early and decided
action.
Among the prominent members of the
various fraternal and benevolent organiza
tions the movement is viewed rather with
indignation than apprehension. They
declare it an effort to turn the wheels of
progress and civilization backward. They
declare that the opposition to the medical
aid feature of their organizations is on a
par with the opposition of tiie doctors of
former years to boards of health; with
the reluctance with which Harvey's theory
of the circulation of the blood was re
ceived and the similar attitude assumed
toward Jenner's theory of vaccination
and the germ theory of disease.
Dr. Geo.-ge W. Day wait is a member of
the San Francisco County Medical Society,
and is also prominent in fraternal mat
ters, being grand medical examiner of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen. He
is not at all in sympathy with his breth
ren who dabble in materia medica and
flourish the scalpel.
"A physician." he said, "has as much
right to take charge of a lodge for a stipu
lated sum as has a surgeon to take charge
for a stipulated sum of • railroad corpora
tion's hospital. While it works a hard
ship on tne profession at larue yet It is
undoubtedly a great advantage to the
general community.
"We are beginning to realize that more
can be accomplished by concerted than by
individual action, and this is only one
more in the line of wider co-operation
among the people. The poorest man is
by the latest methods enabled to secure
the same skillful medical services that is
available to the millionaire. Personally
1 am willing; to be injured if humanity at
large is to be benefited thereby.
"A fraternal society has tne same right,
legally and morally, to employ its physi
cian as has the Southern Pacific Railroad
or the German or French nospitals, which
are maintained by benevolent societies,
and the physician who renders service to
the lodge members of fraternal orders
should no more be censured than are the
physicians in these hospitals.''
William H. Barnes, one of the most
prominent Odd Fellows and Workmen on
the Pacific Coast, spoke as follows after
reading the article in the Medical Times:
The writer does not seem to understand that
there may possibly be a spirit of fraternity un
derlying the wltlingnessof a skillful physician
to assist those with whom he is associated in
fraternal ties.
It looks to me as if there was something else
underlying this, and that that something is a
i sort of envy. And perhaps it is justified, in
the fac f thßt a brother who is a physician and
who sacrincas his time to practically assist
those in sickness and distress must naturally
win the esteem, respect, gratitude and affec
tion of those he serves, and thus become more
popular and prosperous than his less broad
! minded or less fortunate brother practitioner.
Far from condemning the man who is will
ing to give his brains, skill and ability at a
mere nominal cost to help a fellow-man, the
medlcnl profession as such should take pride
in the fact that they have among them men of
such high character and larg-* heart.
If it is ignorant and disreputable to do good
to our fellow-man, to visit the sick and relieve
the distressed, then the sooner the majority of
mankind become ignorant and disreputable
the better it will be for the community, tne
State and the Nation.
BOHEMIANS WIN.
The Alameda Club Wa« Badly De-
feated In Yesterday's
bMMt
Painfnlly one-Bided was the cricket
match played yesterday at Alameda be
tween the Bohemian and Alameda clubs,
the game gning to the boys in scarlet and
white by 5 wickets on tbe first inning.
True, the vanquished eleven lacked two of
its best players, but even this mishap need
not have brought about so calamitous a re
sult — so, at least, thouht the spectators.
The toss being won by Captain Ho^u?
tbe Bohemians were sent in. Bowhill and
Sheath led, and the former being in his
best form was not dismissed till be had
put up a half century, when he made his
exit without so much as a prowl. Then
Moriarty, who had joined him some time
previously, completed a scientific inning
of 73, and was followed by Robertson, who
made 37 with his accustomed nonchalance.
The catch by Hood in the deep field,
which dismissed him, was generally nd
mitted 10 be tbe finest ever made on the
ground, for it involved a long sprint ana a
big jump.
When two more wickets had fallen Ro
bertson called the innings and the Alamo
da men went in, with 183 runs against
them. Of this total they tell short by 136.
Teddy Randall, who went in for slogging,
alone reaching double h>ures. It was a
veritable walkover for the Bohemians as
will be seen from the following score:
I ' BOHEMIANS.
fir. T. Bowhill c. Hoscue b. Ward Jr.. 50
A. G. Sheath b. H0gue...... .:.............. 15
J J. Moriarty °- 'Rebeck b. ............ . 7:s
W. Robertson c. Hood a. Hogue 37
A. Price b. H0gue.......... .„.....„.. ...::. ..". 0
A. E. Aiiken. not 0ut....'.'!. .'. ."" •••-••-•• o
W. Reeves, did not bat ..................
W. McCrae, did not bat ;:'.'.'.'.'" " r "
H. H. Coolcson, did not bat..... "•••■••■••••"•
W. Mclndoe, did noi bat
T. Armltage, did not bat......" ••••••••••••••••
Extras I"!!"..".*."."I! 8
' Total for five wickets ." ....;. 183
Bowline analysis : •
,-_.,■ Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
WnrdJr .....108. 40 3 1
ll**-!l I **-! 134 68 1 0
HOiiie 71 44 1 4
WardSr 36 27 1 0
AUMEUAS.
C. Gardner Robert 50n.. ..-. . • o
O. 11 in un b. Ho>»rtson o
K. K. Home c Robertson b. Cookson '. 1
11. Ward Jr. c. >!cCrae b. Robertson . 1
J. J. I>. Veelrun 0n...... 1
V. seebeck b Oooknon . 8
K. T. K&ndall b. I 0bert50n. .....;........ '.'."
K. Hood b. tcoksjn 3
C.H. Bracx b. I<i>b<>r:a>n 0
A. J?'. Chambers c. Price b. Robertson a
H. Ward Sr. not on; ..........;.; 0
Extras. " 8
Total 47
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Runs. Mstdena. Wickets
Robertson 50 24 2 «
Cookaon 47 15 3 3
SOCIALISTS BUSY.
Proceedings* of the Mew York Conven
tion Are Ratified.
The Socialist Labor party held a mass
meeting at 909 MarKet street yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of ratifying the
work of the New York National Conven
tion in July last.
The proceedings were characterized by
great enthusiasm, and the object of the
meeting was satisfactorily effected.
A second meeting was held in the even- |
ing, at which the principal, though not
tbe only speaker, was R. T. Maclvor.
who discussed political issues from an im
partial standpoint, as far as either of the
two great parties are concerned. He was
frequently applauded.
Another mass-meeting will be held at
an early date in connection with the
municipal ticket of the Socialist Labor
party, but as yet final arrangements to
that end have not been completed.
Presidio Ball Guinea.
Company F, Firat Infantry, National
Guard of California, pounded the horse
hide over the heeds of the Company A
nine at the Presidio yestf-rday afternoon,
winning the game 14 to 10. Keyley, center
fielder of Company P, pulled down a
cluster of hich flies.
The Conway <fe Drummels nine beat the
Columbia Woolen Mills team 15 to 0.
NEW TO-PAY. _ : -.^^_^^^^^_^
"Swell" Overcoats, $5.25.
Handsome Tan Kerseys, faultless in fit
and finish, cut in the latest style. Our reg-
ular $10 coat at Wholesale. But we've put
a price on them to move them out this week.
Stop and think a minute ! Ever hear of
' a stylish overcoat for $5.25 before ? You've
paid $12 and $15 at retailers for poorer ones.
These coats are made In our blgr white labor Fac •
tory. Come In and see the 200 employes In this bis '
home Industry.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 541 STREET.
Mm mkbm^ &
■ ' ' ■• ' ;: " •.'•■' i
> SIfaNATURE £^^SS^ 5
» — *" printed in x |
j; ; BLUE, diagonally ?^^y^W^ ©
t across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of ©
* ll ™^ff«la*^i JS>I ft 41 k S% SW^w A^ £.«!■ ¥
V The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- f
: tection against all imitations. , ' ®
I AgcotsVor the United State. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. •
J^^# Belts for $30. '^^jjmSM&^S^
ECT!?*vs''^V\r>^o3 old-fashioned and poorly oBw Jn l tosd»y».V|S Whites, unnatural dia-
I|ls??fcs^^^—^ll made, can be had by pay. OVw a ** t% *} t « 1 ?? ar =' c 3' or any inflamma-
PyafgHn^Sl^ Ing your money to eleoirio «Sfp nol " tu l"V* *i? Dl jr ltatlon or ulccra-
Kt%tg&&&WZF' belt -quacks" and travel- p ™«"' «"«Sioo. turn of mucous mem
TT^S^S^SSi' ing "takers." For a first- f KSItheEvAHS CHEHiCAiCo. brane «- .Non-astringent.
{■ j'fcy'fi '* class article at a reasonable w^^CINCINNATI.O -Ml I Sold by llroirgiiitc
'4*aiZ jjnce * rite or call for tree > «^^* n S i jMTor eont in plain wr~DDer
pxxbce * lon. 704 ,S2££2£Zre2?&££ : ;f «Kiaffl ! "a»WriHfflr^ 3*
Mcoad, Uiud and foariii door* Baa iTanciaco. ■ Circular seat or. r/"it»et!
PAST FIVE SCORE YEARS.
The Lyre Francaise Makes the
Day an Occasion lor a
Picnic.
WITH MUSIC AND MIRTH.
Many Thousands of Gauls Brighten
Up the Grounds in Honor of
Their Holiday.
The 104 th anniversary of the proclama
tion of the first Republic of France, in
1792, was celebrated by the local French
coi ny yesterday, at the Presidio Ger
mania Gardens.
The Lyre Francaise, an organization than
which there is no better in this State, is
composed purely of Frenchmen who have
made their home in this city, and who are
blessed with voices and musical knowl
edge befitting them for the operatic stage.
Tne members selected yesterday as the
time for their annual outing.
The usual games were indulged in, and
the fan was fast and furious irom early
morning until late at night, when the
day's pleasure terminated in a social
dance.
As Sylvain Weill, President of the Day,
stated in his address, "We have restricted
the entertainment to only one day, for the
reason that we will have to rest to-morrow
(Monday). You will not ask me at this
time, in the height of your enjoyment,
'Why only one day?' because you all
know that on Tuesday the French colony
I is called upon to be well represented at
the Mechanics' Pavilion, which is to bo
reserved especially as 'French Day. 1 "
Among those honorary members of the
fete yesterday were all the members ot the
Fete Nationale of the 14th of July and the
presidents of all the French societies.
The different committees, the members
of which are entitled to the credit of yes
terday's great success, are:
Organization committee— L. Godon. B. Joua
nau, A. Cadenel, J. Poujade and L- Figear.
Reception committee— B. Sarthon, 1. Berna
dou, E, Pauline, L. Cousette, C. Bernatas, M.
Dessens, Alexandre Mazoue and i\ Lille.
Dancn committee— M. J. Liurette. J. Mealocq,
E. Cougoule, P. Bordenave, J. Poujade, B. Cou
jet and J. B. Etchard.
Committee on games — M. J. B. Gere, J. Sou
lage, C. Uupin. J. Serres, A. Carle and J. Don
dere.
There are some thirty-seven cotton-spin
ning mills in Janan, with a monthly out-*
put of some 21,000 bales.
56
' tt ran- ®(Sdi
MONDAY.... ...SEPrKMBKB 21, 189«
CHARLES At. SMORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postar* Fntt
OmOj an* 6tib<Ut 0*1.1., out week, by carrier. . $0.1
Dairy and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
D»Hy »n« Sunday Gau, »lx months, by nutll.. 3.00
D*uy aad Sunday Cam, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mil,. .66
Sunday Cam-, one year, by mall.. 1.00
WMHCX.Y Call, on« year, by UilJl 4.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon point to th« country on a vacation ? If
tm, it Is no trouble for a* to forward THE CALL to
your addreM. Do mot let it Kin you for you will
mlis It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Xuatneaa Office wUI reoelv* prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICES
7 10 Market Street,
Can Francisco, California.
TeUpbOBB MaU-1888
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
61? Clay Street.
Tettrkn* ;.......JCaln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
•SO Montgomery atreet, corner Clay: open «»H1
• :!tt) o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 lArk'.a street : open until 9:80 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Miaslon streets; open
BBtU 9 o'clock.
9tlß Ui—ioa street ; open until 9 o'clock.
XV$ KUKhstrtet; open until Bo*cltcJfc
OAKLAND OFPICB
80S Broadway.
EASTERN. OFFICE I
Booms 31 and 32, Si Park Row, New Tor* City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM HcKINLET, or Obio
FOR VICF-PRERIDKXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
EtKCTION NOTEMBEK 3. 1896.
Worker for the worker? is but another
way of saying work for McKiniey.
Those who attempt to sidetrack the
tariff issue succeed only in sidetracking
themselves.
The Popocrat balloon has begun to
shrink and will soon be in a state of
total collapse.
Bryan can keep on talking, but he can
no longer make the people pay attention
to what he say«.
The silence of Tillman since the discov
ery of the whisky scandal in South Caro
lina is becoming noticeable.
Fusion consists merely in tbe trading of
office-seekers, and there is no profit in it
for honest Democrats or honest Populists.
Democracy promisee' to make things
cheap, and has succeeded ia making itself
so cheap it is going begging all over the
country.
Whenever there is a depression of prices
there is a depression of labor, and that is
how free trade reached the pockets of the
workingman.
The people need no more straws to show
how the country is gome this year. They
feel the National impulse themselves and
are moving with it.
Almost every producer in America has
lost more or less by the Democratic tariff,
and it is in vain that Bryan tells them the
tariff is not an issue.
Palmer and Buckner are being bitterly
denounced by their old party associates,
but all the same the old feliows kuow they
are right and are going ahead.
When McKiniey said "This is a year of
political contention without bitterness"
he had evidently forgotten the Sewall and
Watson phase of the controversy.
The establishment of a protective tariff
that will revive industry may not be an
issue in the caDvass, but all the same it is
what a majority of the people are goins to
vote for.
The number of Democratic papers that
have bolted the Chicago platform and
ticket is said to have exceeded 200, and
what is meant by that we shall see in
November.
Considering what a reputation Bryan
had as an orator when the campaign
began it is strange how few things he says
which even Democratic organs think it
worth while to repeat.
Free silver may suit th 9 people of Mon
tana and Colorado, but free trade doesn't,
and accordingly the people of those States
Bre not so eager to vote for Bryan as the
Bryanites think they are.
When the workingmen of the country
have eood wages and can consume the
products of our farms there are eood times
for everybody, but there can be no eood
wages without protection.
The best campaigner for MoKinley lias
been McKiniey, and the worst campaigner
for Bryan has been Bryan, and that is
why the people are rapidly becoming
unanimous lor sound money and pro
tection.
The defeat of ' Bryan should be made
emphatic en«ugn to show what the Ameri
can . people think of a candidate for the
Presidency wh© tries to stir up strife be
tween labor and capital on any issue
whatever?""
The Republican party is opposed to
monometallism of any kind, whether of
gold or of silver, and that is the reason tbe
business sense of the country supports It
on tbe money question as well as on that
of the tariff.
Early in the canvass Mr. Bryan said,
"I do not think it will require a great deal
of talk in this campaign"; and he has
been talking ever since. What does the
boy orator regard as a great deal in the
way of talk?
The attempt to array the earnest silver
men of the West on the side of Bryanism
has failed. Teller and Dabois are about
the only men of note who have gone over,
f.nd they are taking but little part in the
campaign. The Great West will be counted
in November for protection, sound money,
international bimetallism, good wages,
good government und good times.
Many conservative Democrats who have
joined the .Republican party in this cam
paign wilt stay with it after the campaien
Is over, for as a matter of fact a large
number of business men who have hitherto
acted with Democracy are as much op
posed to free trade as they are to free
silver, and having now broken with their
old party will never go back again.
THE SILENT VOTER.
The fate of parties and of their candi
dates in the approaching election will not
be determined by brawling demagogues
or willing idlers who stand upon street
corners delivering or applauding curb
stone opinions upon tbe issues of the day.
It will be tbe silent voter in every State
whose vote will make and unmake the
President at the close of this campaign.
Who is the silent voter? He is the man
who is employed in this or that honest in
dustry. He is the man who has or hopes
to have a home and a family and
knows tbat continued employment at
good living wages is his only means
of obtaining the one and of supporting
the other. He is the man who realizes
that only out of individual and National
thrift can prosperity come to any person
or people. He is the man who reasons
without illusions about mattsrs of daily
experience within the circle of bis horizon
and voles as he thinks his own best inter
ests and those of his neighbors require.
How will the silent voter cast his ballot
in California? Go and ask the iron-workers
of San Francisco. Go and inquire of tbe
prune-grovrers of the Santa Clara Valley.
Go and seek for an answer among the
beet producers of the Fajaro and Salinas
valleys. Go and discuss the subject with
the skilled employes of the sugar factories
and refineries in the various counties of
the State. Go wherever labor and capital
are steadily and harmoniously employed
in those productive industries which are
doing the most to increase the wealth and
prosperity of the people oi California and
ask the honest, industrious, thrifty, silent
voter for which candidate his ballot will be
cast in the coming election. In almost
every case the answer will come back —
=For McKiniey, the advance agent of
Protection and Prosperity."
Me Jiave lost steadily in both directions;
ovr foreign trade has been diminished and
our domesti c trade has suffered incalculable
loss. Does this not suggest the cause of our
present depression and indicate its remedy f
Confidence in home enterprises has almost
wholly disappeared. Our shops are closed,
or running vn half time at reduced wages and
small profit if not actual los.s. Our men are
idle, and while they are idle vien abroad are
occupied in supplying us with goods. — ilc-
Kinley.
WHY THEY GO TO CANTON
Ten thousand voters, including 5000
railway operatives, called upon Major Mc-
Kiniey last Saturday. But thousands go
to Canton every day and it has become an
old story ; nevertheless, other thousands
will go and keep going until the time
comes to ratify at the ballot-box all these
expressions of desire for the maintenance
of the integrity and honor of the Nation.
In referring to the coining of delegations
from every point of tbe compass and rep
resenting every line of industry, merchan
dise and labor, Major McKiniey said :
"Such a demonstration would not be pos
sible if the people of the country were not
profoundly sensible of tbe dangerous
menace which is presented ia the Na
tional contest of this year."
Major McKiniey understands perfectly
the underlying cause of all these pilgrim
ages to his home. It is because he has
been chosen to lead the people against tha
"dangerous menace" of which he speaks,
and because the people are profoundly
sensible of the importance of maintaining
the Government upon the old true and
tried lines they show forth their deter
mination to stand for law and order in
public demonstration. There is no doubt
at all that a dangerous menace is pre
sented in the effort of Bryanism to re
establish the Government in harmony
with the theories of the Alteelds. the Tiil
mans and the Waites, but the American
people should remember that no menace
is dangerous except when they fail to do
their duty.
It would be difficult for Californians to
join the throngs at Canton, for the dis
tance is too great to make journeying
there at ail convenient, but there are very
many other ways to give assurance that
the people of the coast are in hearty sym
pathy with the purpose of these who do
vi-it Major McKiniey at his home. It
may be said that California is rather more
interested in the overthrow of Bryanism
than many of the other communities.
California is developing industrial and
agricultural interests which only need the
encouragement they have the right to ex
pect from the Government to make them
great, strong and profitable, and we know
positively that Mr. Bryan denies that
tboee interests have any right to demand
or expect that the Government will .stand
between them and destructive attacks
upon them by other countries. Mr. Bryan
does not believe California should grow in
any direction that protection is required
to make such growth sure and profitable.
Burelv, then, California should make such
public demonstration as will satisfy tbe
other sections of the country that she
knows of the dangerous menace of which
Major McKiniey speaks and that sne is
battling against it. With protection as
sured and its auxiliary commercial agen
cies, merchant marine and reciprocity
agreements, in full operation California
would soon stand well to the front among
the States as an industrial and agricul
tural commonwealth.
Our farmers have been hurt by the changes
in our tariff legislation as severely as our la
borers and manufacturers, badly as they hate
suffered. The liepnblican platform wisely
declares in favor of such encouragement to
our sugar interests as uill lend to the produc
tion on American soil of all the sugar which
the American people use. It promises to give
our wool and woolen interests "the viost
ample protection,^ a guaranty that ought to
commend itself to every patriotic citizen. —
McKiniey.
MORE ABSURDITIES.
After loading himself -up with a fresh
stock of monetary absurdities Mr. Taylor,
the Denver orator, returned to San Fran
cisco last Saturday night and distributed
hts new supply. He started in by asking
•'Now, what is money?' Then he said,
"It is the stamp of the Government, not
the metal or paper of which it is made.
It is the National power back of it wbich
makes it what it is." In the very next
sentence he contradicted that assertion by
saying: "It is claimed that there is ten
to fifteen millions of told on the Pacific
Coast, and I know that there was an in
tention to obtain and transport this gold
to tbe East, and it would have been done
had not the loss by abrasion been found
too expensive."
What in the name of common-sense has
abrasion to do with a thing that is used as
money only because the Government
stamps it and calls it money? If it is the
stamp of Vho Government, and not the
commercial value of tbe thing stamped
that gives it purchasing power und the
other functions of money, how would any
decrease in the weight of the thing by
abrasion or otherwise cau«e a lots in its
money value? Perhaps Mr. Taylor will
take the trouble to explain why it is that
a paper dollar loses nothing in purchasing
power by having a corner torn off or is
otherwise abraded, but that a gold dollar
loses in purchasing power exactly ia ratio
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
to the reduction of its weight below 25.8
grain« of standard gold metal. If his the
ory is right, and money is the stamp of
the Government and not the paper or
metal of wtaioa it is made, then he admits
that abraded gold money is legally dis
criminated against, and that paper money
vgiien abraded loses none of its money
value.
It follows, therefore, that if Mr. Taylor
is correct, paper money is far superior to
metal money because it has privileges
which are not accorded to metal, and it
follows, aiso, that paper money, possess
ing superior qualities and advantages, is
never at a parity with gold, for the infe
rior is never the equal of the superior.
If Mr. Taylor will take the trouble to
look up the facts he will tind that the law
makes 2-5.8 grains of standard gold, when
its quality is guaranteed by the stamp of
the Government, a legal tender for debt,
but that it does not make 25.7 grains a
leeal tender, notwithstanding the Govern
ment stamp. He will also find that it is
412i£ grains of standard silver which
makes a silver dollar a legal tender, and
that 412 grains is not a legal tender,
fne stamp of the Government upon
coin does nothing more than guar
antee the fineness of the metal, but this
Mr. Taylor admitted when he said, in
substance at least, the reason why Pacific
Coast holders of gold did not ship it East
was because it would not be as many
dollars when it reached the East as it was
before shipping because of the loss in
weight in transit by abrasion.
If Air. Taylor's logic proves anything, it
proves tbat paper money is far superior to
metal money, because, first, the cost of
shipping it from point to point is less
than metal; and, second, because abra
sion, wear and tear or mutilation does not
decrease its purchasing power. It so hap
pens, however, that paper money the
world over is a mere promise of the party
or nation Issuing it to redeem it with a
metal money of a specified weight and
quality. I! that were not tbe case there
would be no sense in coining either gold
or silver, for the paper money would never
require redemption. Moreover, with Mr.
Taylor's system of money-issuing there
would be no need of Government reve
nues, a bond sinking fund, or appropria
tion acts of Congress for the expenditure
account could be provided for by tho
Public Printer. Mr. Taylor should take
up perpetual motion, now that he has
solved the money question.
I never like to address classes of our citi
zens because 1 think we are all so intertwined,
we all have so viuch comradeship and rela
tionship that the same argument that applies
to one set of men applies likewise to all of us;
and that ha* been my experience. I believe
that in my business, if Igo to it, of practicing
law, ttiere will be more of it for me when
everybody it at work in the United States that
labors with the hands; and I believe, also,
that it is true with regard to every man who
labors in any way that the more his neigh
bors are employed the more he will be em
ployed. — Tom Heed.
THE NEW MOSES.
It is said of Bryan that if he could for
get the Vermont and Maine elections, and
some one would close Tom Watson's
mouth, he would be comparatively happy.
He never reads newspapers that are not sup
porting him, and he supposes the crowds
that gather to hear him speak are not
only themselves enthusiastic supporters
of his candidacy, but that they reflect the
sentiment of the entire country.
It is stated that Bryan himself claims
that at least thirty-eight of the States
will go for him, with no State giving a
majority of less than 25,000. His estimate
is based, however, upon information fur
nished by enthusiastic friends, whose
wish is father to the thought, but he will
listen, it is said, to no suggestion of even
possible defeat. He believes In himself
and has no doubt tbat the American peo
ple look upon him as being as necessary to
them and the Government as rain and
sunshine are to vegetation.
Mr. Bryan was unfortunate the other
day, though, in having himself intro
duced as the "Moses who would lead tho
people into the land of promise." The
crowd shouted "Moses" and the young
man was mightily pleased, but a wicked
and stiff-necked old-line Democrat called
a local paper's attention to the fact that
Moses of old, after leading the Israelites
up and down the wilderness for many
years went off into the mountains and
was never heard of again, leaving his fol
lowers not even in striking distance of the
good things he had promised them; that
in fact Moses did nothing but make prom
ises, and that but for the interposition of
providence every one of the people who
were lollowing him must have starved to
death. This old Democrat is quite agreed
that Bryan should De called "MoseE," for,
he says. Bryan will get the people no
nearer the land of milk nnd honey than
Moses did.
Whatever Moses of old did or did not do
for his people it is very certain that the
old-line Democrats intend to keep this
new Moses out of the land of promise, and
that they are able to do it there is no
doubt whatever. Meanwhile those who
wish to spare Mr. Bryan's feelings will
not speak of tbe Vermont or Maine elec
tions nor mention Tom Watson's name in
his bearing.
We must always remember that unless we
make it possibte for capital to find employ
ment and for labor to earn ample and remu
nerative wages it will be impossible to attain
that degree of prosperity which with a sourul
monetary policy, buttressed by a sound tariff
policy, will be assure d\— Garret A. Jlobart.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY IN LINE.
The Republicans of Santa Clara County
have held their convention, and nomi
nated their legislative, judicial and su
pervisorial tickets. In that county entire
harmony prevails in the party organiza
tion, ana a large majority in lavor of the
Republican ticket is one of the certainties
of the campaign. The nominee for State
Senator from the Thirty-lirst Senatorial
District, which embraces the southern
half of Santa Clara County, is Hon. H. V.
Morehouse, who is one of the best known
men, as one of the most {rifted and popu
lar orators of California. In sending 6uch
able and talented representatives to the
State Legislature, a section honors itself
as well as dignities the office. In an inter
view, which appears elsewhere in our col
umns, Mr. Morehouse aptly describes the
state of public feeiing in Santa Clara
County upon National issues, and there is
no doubt that a similar condition ia to be
found in the other large and populous
interior counties of tbe State. From
every quarter come increasing assur
ances of a sweeping Republican victory
all over California in the November elec
tion.
COAST EXCHANGES.
In opening its ninth volume the Corning
Observer rejoices that its labors in behalf of its
community have borne fruit, and that it has
buried out of sight the last of the Silurians in
its locality. With pardonable pride the editor
says; "We started tha paper in Corning to
boom this land for oranges and other fruits.
Then nothing could be seen around Corning
but wheat fields and stock oi all kinds run
ning around loo?c. To-day can be seen around
the town hundreds of young ana thriving
orchards and vineyards, and the fruit on the
three-year-old trees the best that could be
eaten, for size, flavor and taste."
Nlpomo, San Luis Obispo County, rejoices
over the appearance there of a new paper, the
editor being L. F. Jones and the name of the
publication the Bee. Nipomo is little more
than ten years old, but it has made rapid prog
ress in that period, and its people are just the
kind to show substantial appreciation to the
right kind of a local paper.
The Keswiek Smelter has shut down perma
nently. It was ruu as a monthly magazine.
The publication fell in because the editor and
the business manager fell out The business
manager traveled away with all the books and
accounts of the concern and left the editor
alone to pacify the creditors.
The Pomona Beacon, a Democratic weekly
paper, has come to the wise and laudable
conclusion that patriotism should supersede
politics, and for that reason it is now putting
in telling licks in the good cause of McKiniey
and Hobart.
The Amador Hepublican announces that Jack
son is now assured of a bank and a railroad.
The bank will be established by V. W. Gaskill
in connection with San Francisco and Jackson
capitalists. The railroad from Stockton, which
will connect with a steamer line from San
Francisco, will be completed to Jackson in
about eighteen months.
Franklin H. Austin, at one time Secretary of
State to tbe late King Kalakaua, and who re
cently essayed journalism in Ventura, has
torn himself away from the brain-racking
labors ol the sanctum and will now court the
goddess of fortune from the lecture platform.
A Santa Barbara paper informs us that he will
lecture on the Hawaiian Islands. The exact lo
cation is not given.
The Compton Enterprise has completed its
first half-year volume. It is a clean, newsy
paper and seems to be on the high road to suc
cess.
The Indicator, lormerly published at Moreno,
ha* changed its place of abode to Riverside,
where it is issued as a weekly relation of the
Riverside Daily yews.
The name of tbe latest addition to Oakland's
list of newspapers is 16 to 1. The editors and
proprietors are Jesse L. Edmandson and W. D.
Wasson, and the same young men have also
purchased tbe East Oakland Mail. ICtol is
neatly printed on good paper. Needless to
say, it is an organ of the free silverites, and
tbe Mail will doubtless have its tune played on
the same instrument.
The California Kaisin-growers' Exchange
has proved of very material benefit to the
vineyardists, who will profit by a doubled
price.
The San Diego Sun thus expands upon the
subject:
"Grape-picking, which began about one week
ago in the El Cajon Valley, is now in full blast,
and at least 400 men and women are em
ployed in this industry in the Cajon Valley
alone. A careful estimate of this year's crop
by those best qualified to judge places ths
amount at about sixty-five carloads or 780
tons. Thin is a trifle larger than last year, al
though the lack of rains last year damaged the
crop considerably. The irrigated vineyards,
however, yielded much better than last year,
and this, with a slightly increased acreage,
accounts for the output.
••The price, which is the all-important thing
to the raisin-grower, as it is indeed to most
industries, promises to be much better than it
was last year or in 1894, for which thanks
may be given to the California Raisin-growers'
Exchange, which has thus far been ab'.e to
hold together enough raisin-growers of the
State to represent 75 per cent of the total out
put of about 2000 carloads, estimated for this
year. Last year the price averaged from 1 to
I 1!I 1 ! cents in the sweatbox and was so ruin
ously low that it not only took away all tbe
profit, but came very near bankrupting the
majority oi the growers, who were already
sorely crippled by the depressed prices of the
past three or four years.
"In '!)4 and 'DO desperate and determined at
tempts were made to induce the growers to
combine. Partial combinations were effected
both years, but were invariably broken by
some ol ttie Fresno growers, who, it ap
pears, had borrowed money at high rates
of interest, and becoming scared, or being
pressed by creditors, consented to sell small
quantities of raisins at less than the prico
fixed by the combine. This, of course, knocked
the combine price into a cocked hat and it
wasn't long until California raisins weren't
worth anything in the Eastern markets. This
may have been pleasing to Kas'eiU buyers,
and of course it didn't trouble the money
loaners seriously, but it was tough on the
growers. It resulted, however, in bringing
them to a realization of the situation, and the
combine this year is raid to be as hard and
tough as a pino knot and able to withstand all
the attacks that may be made against it from
the outside. The average price which it is ex
pected will be obtained this year is 3 cents in
the sweatboxes, or about $50,000 for the El
Cajon crop, and la the neighborhood of $100,
-000 for the entire crop of the county."
The Amaaor Jiepublican advertises that it
will be sent to any address in the United States
for one year, giving a premium of four big
Mexican dollars; ou receipt of $4 United States
coin. The offer holds good until November 4,
as after that dale the paper may have to insist
on gold coin.
The Winters Independent endeavors to balance
its favors equally a-> between tbe Republicans
and the Democrats. In an editorial paragraph
in a recent issue the paper opined tuat Bryan
would be elected, because "the American peo
ple believe in men who can rustle." As if to
cancel the effect of that utterance and main
tain its reputation for impartiality the Inde
pendent proceeds to throw Bryan down and
walk on him in the very next paragraph,
which infers that the American people are op
posed to the vain pretensions and the mis
representations indulged in by the elocution
ist from Nebraska : "The country must have a
revenue equal to its expenditures, and none
but boy orators deny it."
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
There have been many serious blunders
committed in the steam engineering depart
ment of the British navy during the past six
years, and it will take several years and many
thousand* of dollars to rectify these blunders.
It is the boilers especially = that ' have < proved
not alone ineffective, but* actually dangerous,
and quite a number of lives have been lost in
the engine-rooms during the trial trips of new
ships. The Barhome and Blanche class, com
prising about a dozen vessels, nave been un
fortunate in this respect,' and their boilers are
to be taken ; out »nd replaced with Thorny
croft water-tube boilers. Another case is that
of the TalDot, not 5 yet out of ..the coo
tractor's hands, ■where: the engines had to
be removed after having been erected in the
ship, and after Home alteration* were replaced,
involving an expense of $50,000. in our navy
the steam engineering bureau has been sin
gularly successful, notwithstanding its lack of
previous experience.
France is threatened with a* reorganization'
of its Navy Department, Mr. Lockroy. the Min
ister of Marine, : having presented ia:pro
gramme. The French navy has been th« BUf
ferer for years of too much organization. The
yards swarm with officials and the work is
hampered with systems of ml tape and cir
cumlocution. The new plan, presents no fea
tures of improvement on the present organi
zation. ■•/«•• ~» : -;;-. •*,
•■ In the Russian navy speaking tubes are be
ing taken out of several vessels and telephones
substituted as more reliable. ..;; »
The Armstrong Naval Armament Company
at Elswick employs at the present tim« 19,000
hands and its annual payroll v run* up tto
$7,500,000. It has fourteen . naval vessels on
the ; stocks of 81,400 ; tons, besides several
merchant steamers. In the gun shops 1300
*uns, up to twelve-inch caliber, are uuder
construction. , . : .. .- -
The Vulcan Shipbuilding' and : Engineering
Company at Stettin on the Baltic, which builds
m ? 8 o* the vessels for the German navy, was
established In 1851 and began with very small
pretensions, 5 it now covers sixty-two * acres
ana employs on an average 4500 men. Up to
the present time it ha»*built 235 vessels of all
classes besides 1500 locomotive engines, i . .
otern-torpedo 1 tubes have proved useless In
some recent British armored vessels and their
removal has been decided upon in the Royal
Sovereign. - As there are six ■; vessels of this
clans built upon the same line this change will
effect alike number of vessels ; -
Some very, rapid I navy-building has been
done of late years in England. The Powerful, i
protected cruiwt «i li,m tons lot U»« BriUm j
nnvy, was contracted lor with the Barrows
firm in March, 1894, to be completed in three
years, but the ship was delivered July 13
last, thus completing the contract within two
years and a half. Another case is that of the
Japanese armored battle-snit> Fuji of 12,450
tons, building at the Thames Iron Works, Lon
°9 n > lo r which orders were given in June,
1894. ihe ship was launched March 31 last,
and will be ready tor delivery January, 1897.
Ihe trials of the Terrible, of 14.200 tons,
began on August 6 last. Under one-flfth horse
power— 5000— the ship made a speed of 13.4
knots and consumed about six tons of coal
per hour. Further trial* came to an abrupt
close through heating of parts of the engines,
and the ship had to be hauled off for an in
definite lime.
PERSONAL.
F. M. Miller, a Fresno attorney, Is visiting at
the Lick.
Dr. s. s. Boyle of Monterey is one of the late
arrivals at the Grand.
M. L. Marsh, a merchant of Nevada City, is
registered at the Lick.
J. E. Woolley, an orchardist of Vacavllle, is
registered at the Grand.
Mrs. Anderson and family of Los Angelei are
staying at the Cosmopolitan.
David Lawler and wife of Livermore are
staying at the Cosmopolitan.
George Malnhart, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is a guest at the Grand.
T. A. Moncure, an attorney of Bakorsfield, is
making a brief stay at the Lick.
F. P. Bane, proprietor of the Occidental
Hotel at Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
M. P. Stein, a Stockton business man, is reg
istered at the Baldwin with his wife.
J. J. Newman, a journalist of the Stockton
Mail, is at the California with his son.
J. P. Woodbury, a mining man of Carson,
Nev., is among the guests at the Palace.
W. c. Green, a dealer in horses, is here from
Chicago and is registered at the Palace.
T. F. Bernard! of San Luis Obispo is among
the recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan.
H. C. Woodruff, a lumber merchant of Kala
mazoo, Mich., is a late arrival at the Palace.
W. B. Page, a large hardware merchant of
Albany, X. V., is at the Palace with his wife.
J. F. Moffitt of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company is at the Palace, registered from New
York.
J. F. Parks, superintendent of a mine at
Jackson, Amador County, is staying at the
Grand.
J. E. Rathbun, who has a livery business
and owns stock at Williams, ColusaCounty, is
making a short stay at the Rnss.
Warren Wilson of Los Angeles, editor and
proprietor of the Daily Journal of that City, is
in town with headquarters at the Grand.
Earl H. Daggett, tbe youthful Deputy Sheriff
of Kern County who was wounded by a train
robber he shot and killed, is at the Lick, regis
tered from Baker6fiela.
GOOD-BY, SIR!
Good-by.' Mister Summertime-
Take de shortest way;
Only fault we fin' wld vou— ;
Make too long a stay.
Cat's de song! '
on stay too long!
But Mister Winter's torn in' strong-.
Good-by, Mister Summertime—
Pack yo' t'ings en start!
Only heart dat break for you
Is de watermelon heart.
Heah dat sons;?
You may too long
Tut Mister Winter's com in' strong!
Good-by, Mister Summertime!
Peaches mighty sweet.:
But taterpone Is cumin' on,
Kn juicy .'possum meat! .
IXean dat song?
Yon stay (oolong!
But Mister Winter's comin' strong!
— Atlanta Constitution.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Customer (in Chicago restaurant, to pro
prietor)— l want a couple of hard-boiled eggs.
I'roprietor— Yes, sir. (To waiter)— Francois,
tell the boy to put a couple of eggs in the
lake.— Texas Sifter.
"I'm in a serious c'ndishun, physically,"
remarked Colonel Redbeake. as he lurched
into a drugstore at 3x. n. "Wash'll I take?"
"I would ad>ise you to take a hack," replied
! the man behind the counter.— Buffalo Express.
'•They must have had a cyclone oyer at
j Xewriches' lest week."
•What makes you think so?"
•Mrs. Kewriches said they had their mono-
I gram blown into every piece of glass in the
house."— Detroit Free Press.
"Papa, are all these Cuban insurgents who
come here crazy?
"Gracious, child, no! Why do you ask?"
"Well, the papers always say they seek an
asylum in this country."— Philadelphia North
American.
"Durn these here bicycles," said the man
j witli the sunburned suit, round shoulders and
| long beard. "1 guess I've gone a-runnin' up
| to les.i'n a dozen crowds, 'spectin to see a tight,
and only found some fellows doctoriu' a
wheel."— Cincinati Enquirer.
Mr. Figg— Ah, that young man who has been
calling on you to much of late— what does he
do tor a living?
Laura— lndeed, I do not know. Do you think
1 would have any one calling on me who
I would talk shop?— Cincinnati Enquirer.
Husband— l don't understand why it should
j always tase you two days to make your pur
{ chases.
Wife— Simply enough, my dear. I must have
1 one day in which to buy things and the next
' day in which to exchange them.— Fllegende
J Blaetter.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
As a sign of his greatness Li Hung Chang
wears his finger-nails trimmed to the form of
an eagle's claws.
Henceforth the Ameer or Afghanistan ia to
be known as the "Light of the World." His
Majesty is having a gold coin struck to com
memorate his new dignity.
Sarah Bernhardt l:as been photographed
over 1000 times. Her first picture was taken
in 1807, wherein she is shown in crinoline and
with an innocent childish face.
Few poet* have more of the poetic aspect
j than Bliss Carman. His finely cut features,
i well-shaped head and wavy hair are sufficient
| ly Byronic for this practical day, while in
eeceiitricity of attire he is fully up to the
poetic standard.
Unusual facilities for matrimony are offered
at America, tin. Justice Graham, while walk
ing on the street one evening lately, was ap
proached by a negro man and woman, who
asked to be united, and he joined them in the
solemn bonds then and there.
The late ProfessorVilliam Curtis completed
his -History of Olympia" a few days before his
death. His successor will be Professor Ulrich
yon WUamowitz-Mollendorf of Goettingen,
who made his reputation by his studies on
Euripides and the Greek theater.
Queen Victoria has sustained a great loss by
the death of Andrew Blake, who had been for
many years the steward of her Isle of Wight
estate and manager of her home farm there.
He carried out great improvements at Os
borne, and every season secured many prizes
for tiie Queen's entries at the leading shows.
Mr. Ruskin's well-knewn shyness and dis
like of seeing visitors has greatly increased of
late years. Even during his duliy walks,
which he indulges in with Afailing regular
ity at 11 in the morning and 3 in the after
noon, in company with his attendant, he is so
averse to being stared at, even by th casual
wayfarer, that he will turn in the first gaje
he comes across.
A Consoling Reflection.
Los Angeles Times.
An so the poor but honest silver-mine owners
have contributed an even $1,060,000 to the
Bryan campaign fund. This is indeed a lib
eral contribution, and will greatly help out the
party which has heretofore gloried in its pov
erty, and has indeed made it one of the corner
atones of its faith. There is some consolation,
however, ia the reflection that even the mil
lion-dollar contribution of the mine-owners
will not leave the syndicate entirely without
fonde. They will still have in their exchequer
a small matter of $699,000,000, and this will
keep the wolf from the door for some time to
COBS.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
John Green, one of the oldest and wealthiest
residents of Portland, who owns a number of
buildings there, and in years past has been
engaged in many industries, is at the Palace.
Mr. Green has lived a part of the year for sev
eral years at Pasadena. His home has been
at the Green Hotel.
He is now on his way to Banta Monica, where
John Green, the "Wealthy Orego
nian, Who Tells of the Political
Fight in the North.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
he will remain for a while. A little later he
will go to Pasadena. For some time past he
has been looking after his interests in Oregon.
"I think that State wili be all right for Mc-
Kinley," said Mr. Green, "though it will be
close. Senator Mitchell and other Republicans
have been making able speeches throughout
Oregon. Senator Mitchell has always been the
friend ol silver.
"Ex-Governor Pennoyer has been making
Bryan speeches, too. He sDoke recently at a
barbecue at Salem. You know what a barbe
cue is and about the crowd it would bring out.
With the exception of Pennoyer nobody has
made any Democratic speeches in the State.
"Business is pretty dull in the North and
doesn't seem to improve much. I look for it
to remain about as it is till after tbe election."
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE DECLINE OF SILVEK
Some of the Causes Which Have Caused thb
Depreciation in the White Metal.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib:
That the decline of silver is due principally to
natural forces, the following reflections will
show:
First— The cost of production has greatly de
clined. In the absence of an increased de
mand this reduction will ultimately tell.
Freight to and from the mine, machinery,
powder, acids, chemicals, mercury, lumber,
interest on loans, drilling, hoisting, pumping,
amalgamating, concentrating, smelting, power
electric and otnerwise — all are more than 100
per cent cheaper, while machinery and labor
are vastly more productive. This lessened
cost is permanent. Mr. Bryan's declamation
will affect the situation in no wise.
Second— The demand for silver as money has
declined.
Before 1849, gold being comparatively
scarce and vicious systems of money existing
in many countries, silver was used in great
commercial countries as a money of large pay
ment, shipment, bank reserves and standard.
But after 1849 an abundance of gold was fur
nished the commercial world by California,
Australia and Siberia. These countries and a
few others produced more goia in twenty-six
years— from 1851 to i»75 — than had been pro
duced in 357 years before. At the same period
the application of steam to railroads, ships,
machinery ana of electricity to telegraph
cabling, with improvements in banking and
me growth and expansion of individual and
national credit ho quickened commerce that
contracts calling for tne payment of sums of
unheard-of magnitude became common, and
the rate of profits and of interest greatly
declined below the old rates.
The new scale of profits and interest could
no longer bear the fluctuations of silver. For
more than 100 years silver bullion had fluctu
ated daily in the open market, and on an aver
age more thau 1 per ceut per year. The large
uoutracis, low protits and interest cOuld no
longer bear the risk as a standard money of
a metal whose daily, weekly or monthly fluc
tuations might wipe out a material part of tne
profit and interest in a few days or weeks, or
during the ordinary trip of a commercial
steamer.
The commercial world, therefore, at once
seized upon the new. abundant gold, whose
value never during short periods, such as the
life of ordinary contracts, changed its value to
any degree which could be commercially
measured, and for a like reason let go their
silver. Gold then became the only money of
large payment, shipment, reserves and stand
ard. Silveriest this market and lost it for
ever.
Such nations, therefore, ejected the silver
which bad hitherto been used for above uses.
But silver fell only slowly, because India ab
sorbed what said nations ejected, and con
tinued so to absorb the cast-out silver till
about 1867. In this year it became uuivers
ally apparent that the uses of the metals had
changed forever. The international confer
ence of 1867 was called. Tbe changes which
had taken place in the practice of the commer
cial world were declared to be natural and
evolutionary — '.he loss of said market to silver
was Been to be permanent and gold was recom
mended to the nations as the only metal
adapted to said uses.
In 1871 Germany accepted this report and
threw her old, surplus sliver coins on the bul
lion market, haaiening thereby the foreseen
and inevitable fall of silver.
The Scandinavian Un'on followed in 1872,
the United States in 1873, the Latin Union in
1876. Silver's day as a money of large
payment, shipment, reserve and standard wan
gone forever. The fall which started in 1859
was steady and downward, downward. The
Bland act and Sherman act were powerless to
stay the forces— the old uses count not be re
stored to silver. In the nature of things silver
must continue to fluctuate day by day, as in
the old bimetallic days. It will, therefore,
never for centuries to come serve again for
above n>es.
A second force has made the retirement of
silver for said uses permanent, to wit, the
Check and deposit, currency, complemented
through the clearance-house. This currency
has praciically done away with the use of gold
itseli In large payments, over 90 per cent
thereof being so effected. The action of this
currency has been such as to render the stock
of gold in the world four times more effective
th»n heretoiore. The money-work done has
been the same as if the stock of gold had ac
tually Deen quadrupled. "Silver has, there
fore, never been missed," and gold has been
rendered abundant. It may be clearly per
cuived that silver is displaced forever for above
uses and can never be restored thereto.
Of what avail is the belief of the "boy ora
tor" aeainst such tremendous, evolutionary
lorces?"
Third— The production of silver has been
excessive uf nee 1873. While this element has
not been the controlling one it has operated,
too. A single example will suffice. From 1493
to 18S4, in about 400 years, there was pro
duced of silver (mint valuation) $10,018,681,
-900. Now observe that from 1873 to 1894 the
production was $2,748,396,000. The produc
tion in said twenty-one years, only aoout 5
per cent of said 400 years, reached the tre
mendous total of about 27 per cent of the
whole 400 years' production of the whole
sum produced since America was discovered.
Tiiis should show the most skeptical that sil
ver's production has been excessive. (See the
tables in the report of th« Director oi the
Mint, 1890, pages 248 and 249.)
It is, therefore, submitted to all fair, unpas
sioned, candid mind* that silver has fallen
from natural causes. It can never again be
made a standard money. Its cause would be
batter served if the standard fight would be
given up and silver would be given the right
of way as token money for all moderate pay
ments and, the Government and other paper
money of small denominations in all coun
tries withdrawn in silver's favor. This in
creased demand would tend to keep it at a
reasonable and productive price.
John Heenan, a "Gold" Democrat
San Francisco, Sept. 19.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Deaxeb*— E. A., Merced, Cal. This depart
ment c&aaot give an advertisement to the deal
ers of the commodity you name in your com
munication. Had you complied with tha
rules of this department and signed your
name, instead of initials, you would have re
ceived the answer by mail. If you will send a
self-addressed and stamped envelope the infor
mation you desire will be forwarded.
Removing Haib-W., Rio Vista, Cal. There
is no fixed rate for removing hair from tiie
face by means of electricity. In some in
stances as high as $100 has been charged as a
fee for tlie removal of superfluous hair.
Apprentices— C. W., Berkeley, Cal. A
person wishing to go as an apprentice on board
of a steamer should make application at the
office of any of the steamship companies. There
such person will be informed as to require
ments, duration of apprenticeship and com
pensation.
Dove and Dived— F. J., East Oakland, Cal.
,"He dived in the water" is the correct expres
sion. Dove is an occasional preterit of dive.
In the older editions of Longfellow's "Hia
watha," VII, he used the word "dove" in
place of "dived" in the three lines following.
11l the later it is "dived" as given :
S:ralcht into the river Kwasmd
I'lun^ed as if he were an otter,
Dived as if be were a beaver.
George W. Cable in "Old Creole Days" uses
"clove": "She stood for a moment, then dove
into the dense fog whicli bad floated in from
the river and disaDpeared."
Bank of England— L, 11.. San Jose, Cal. The
Bank of England was projected by William
Paterson, and was incorporated July 27, 1694.
At first the charter of the bank was for eleven
years only, but in consequence of the great
service of the institution to the Government it
has been several times renewed. It is gov
erned by a board of directors consisting of
twenty-four person?, a governor and a deputy
governor. The offices of governor and deputy
governor are given in rotation; the deputy
always succeeds the governor, and usually
the oldest director who has not been In office
becomes deputy governor. The older mem
bers of the board— that is, those who have
passed the chair, or, in other words,
who have served as governor — form a
standing committee of indefinite powers
(no precise description has ever been given of
tiiem) and this committee is called the Com
mittee of the Treasury. Some of the directors
retire annually, but by courtesy it is always
the young ones; those who have served as gov
ernor always remain. In the English sense no
banker has a chance of becoming one of the
bank directors. The mass of the directors are
merchants of experience, who have informa
tion as to the present course of trade, and as
to tbe character and wealth of the merchants,
whicli is invaluable to the bank. It is usually
about twenty years from a man's first election
that he arrives at the chair; accordingly bank
directors when first chosen by the board are
comparatively young men. Tbe management
of the entire public debt of Great Britain is in
tie hands of the bank, for which it receives a
compensation, which has from time to time
varied in amount according to circumstances.
MAN'S BATH ROBE.
Turkish toweling is the material generally
employed in making this comfortable gown.
The edges arc best finished by a binding of
tape.
II a warmer garment is desired, eiderdown
is used, while lor a thinner one, brown hol
lanas or linen may be used.
The crash io much used this season makes
an excellent bath robe.
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prssi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
He— Do you really think Jack is in love with
you?
She— Certainly, l have the most positive
proof. He never knows whether my hat is on
straight or not.— Buffalo limes.
Are on Going Hast?
The Atlantic and Pacific Ballroad— Santa F*
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust, i articularly adapted for tbe tram
portation of families because of its palace draw-
Ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
can, which run daily through from Oakland to
.Chicago,: leaving- at a seasonable hoar and i;i
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1521. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
Great Bock Island Route Flaying Cards.
Send 12 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C K. I. and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid.
Orders containing ttO cents In stamps or postal
jnote for same amount, will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
"Mrs. Winalow's Soothing Srrnn"
Has best! used over BO years by millions or tnothsrt
for their children whim Teething with perfect na>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay t
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates . the Bowels an 1
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arUJai
irom teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and ai c
lor Mrs. Wlaslow's Soothing Syrup. isaJ * oo;u.jb
C'oroxado. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, ?65 : longer stay $3 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., S»n Francisco.
The hair cannot nourish unless the scalp Is
kept In good condition. Ayer"s Hair Vigor givea
universal satisfaction as a dressing.
"I never play without my notes,' ' remarked
Paderewski, as he pocketed one for $2000
which had just been handed him by his
manager. — Chicago News.
NEW TO-DAY.
••••••••••••••••••••••A*
1 Gailßorden!
§ infant Eagle Brand §
S * ooi Condensed Milk S
• .V Infant Health," is a little book of •
' ■' . • great value that is scat Free on appli- •
.'•■• cation. «--- • ■
: ; 5; -N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. >; S
•71 Hudson Street, ■ York •
ebdoaeeaoooeooGesaaoaooo
' . ,, J ' ' s - \ • "•' , '"
We're just as careful
about delivering as about
the quality of our furni-
ture. .
No scratched doors and
scarred walls left behind.
-^p??Sco.f CR ™ URE Company
' 117 Geary Street' :
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS.' ATTORNEY- AT-
,it.^7 an 0 , ta 5 r Public 638 Market, st., eppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kealdeoce ttiiS
L JTell street. Telephone •• Pine " 2591. A* v3?!£ r fif&li
MONDAY ..SEPTEMBER 21, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
CoirMßiA Thkatkk— "ln Spite of All."
r> cvoscos ti>.RA-Bovi>t— • Mr. Potter, of
Texas."
Tivoi.l Op|^a-Houbf-— "The Huguenots- '
OIU'HEOM— HIRh-Class Vaudeville.
alcazak Thkat Divorce."
tVTKO Baths— Eat hi and performances.
bBooT thk CHttTES-Dai!/ * l ******** street,
trie block east of the J'ark.
Mechanics' Institute r*vii.iox— Twsnty-
Bln-.h Industrial Exposition to-morrow.
AUCTION tALfcS.
By A. li. Crksswkm- day, September 21,
Furniture, at 2297 Franklin street, at 11 o'clock.
By Chas. I.kvy <* Co.— day (Monday),
Furniture, at 1068 Howard street, at 11 o'clock.
£y Frask W. jjttttkufiku>— This day (Mon-
day). Furniture, at 5826 Army St., at i! o'clock,
and to-morrow (Tuesday), Groceries, at 2857 Mis-
sion street, at 11 o'clock.
«y M. Marcuse— W'ednesdey.'Sept. 23, Bicycles,
at 914 Broadway, Oakland, at 2 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
C Perry of Company B yesterday won the
Hosmer medal.
There was an unusually large crowd at the
ocean beach yesterday.
A would-be Mephlsto on a wheel comes to
grief in a police station.
- Ocean View Coursing Park will be closed on
Sunday next for extensive repairs. ; .
The First Infantry Regiment of the National
Guard has decided to foster field athletics.
The Uniform Board of the National Guard
will meet at tha California Hotel this evening.
The museum in Golden Gate Park is under
going many alterations. It will open October
13.
Yesterday's cup cricket match resulted in an
easy victory for the Bohemians over the Ala
medas. *
\ v«- ■
Company X's team of twenty marksmen
have again carried off the Mangels-Wieland
trophy.
The Imperials beat the Oakiands by a score
of 13 to 1 at the Folsom-street ball grounds
yesterday.
The nitro-powder rifle cranks were making
more experiments at the Snell Mound rine
range yesterday.
• The Golden Gate Gun Club will hold its first
tournament next Sunday at the Pacific Tour
nament grounds.
The First Infantry, U. S. A., is marching j
back from Santa Ciuz. The encampment v.as
highly successful.
Target practice of the First Infantry Regi
ment, N. U. c, will take piace at Shell Mound
Park September 26.
The handball courts were crowded yester
day and several exciting and closely contested
tames were played.
The Norddeutscher Verein held its twenty- j
second outing and moonlight picnic at Shell I
Mound Park yesterday.
Charles Cavill successfully swam the Golden
Gate yesterday afternoon in one and a quarter
hours. The finish, was exciting.
Miss Freitag gave many remarkable tests at
I yesterday's meetings ot • the State Spiritualists'
Association at Golden Gate Hall.
A baptism by immersion was performed on
North Beach yesterday, by Charles. Montgom
ery in tne presence of many people.
Rev. . W..-R. Goodwin lectured at the Good
.Citizenship .meeting yesterday, taking as his
subject, "Peter, Politics, Prophecy."
. General Miles may arrive in San Francisco
this week. Be will make a thorough test of
the dynamite battery at the Presidio. ; ' •
Young Count de Beauregard of Paris arrived
at the Palace Hotel yesterday in the course of
a prolonged measure and hunting trip.
Albert Swett, a boy, was yesterday arrested
for stabbing Joseph Boweu, another boy, in
the back with a penknife last Wednesday.
A wild bicycle rider from Golden Gate Park
ran down and frightfully . disfigured 4-year
old Nadine de Ojeda, on- Uevisadero street.
Park Commissioners criticize the report of
the Grand Jury in regard to the park and infer
that the jurors have iots to learn about parks.
Democrats are much dejected at the out- !
look in tne State and .Nation, and Senator \
White says their campaign is badly organized. j
Frank McManns, better known to local fame 1
as King McManui, is recovering from his ill- j
ness and is expected on the street in a day or ,
two.
Dr. Adams, who yesterday spoke at the First
Congregational church, is looked upon as a
likely aspirant as Dr. Brown's permanent suc
cessor.
, Admiral D. D. Porter Post, G. A. R.. enter- I
tainment in Oakland will take place next
Monday instead of to-night as formerly an
nounced,
At a mass-meeting yesterday afternoon the
local Socialist Labor party ratified the pro
ceedings of the New York convention held in
July last.
George Papalon, a native of Hawaii, reached
this City yesterday afternoon from Los Ange
les. He is a leper and will be sent to the Pest
bouse to-day.
The Lyre Francaise held its picnic yesterday J
at the Presidio and celebrated the 104tb an- '
niversary of the proclamation of the first
French Republic.
Five local Methodist churches yesterday
commenced the church year under new pas
tors. All but one of the new pastors were
present at yesterday's services.
Mrs. Thorold 'a little tug Ethel and Marion,
which was filled with water and sunk along
side of Union-street wharf Saturday morning,
was raised by Whitelaw yesterday..
Captain Siebe of the Shell Mound Rifle
Range has distinguished himself as a dog
killer. He recently exterminated three vicious
brutes in half a minute with a rifle.
William Smith in a drunken fit broke a
window valued at $10 in a store on Stockton
street, near O'Farrell, yesterday morning, ana
was arrested for malicious mischief.
"The End of Controversy" is the title of the
lecture to be delivered on the evening of Oc
tober 11 by Father P. C. Yorke in St.
Francis Church at Valiejo street and Montgom
ery avenue.
William E. Dollard. aged 34 years, a native
of Ohio, died suddenly yesterday afternoon at
his residence, 61 Tehama street. As there was
no physician in attendance, his body was
taken to the Morgue.
At the Schnetzen Park range yesterday, John
Utschig of the California Schuetzen Club made '
17 bullseyes out of a po»siDle 20, thus beating I
tne previous record of 16 established by >
Messrs. George Helm and A. Strecker of the !
same club.
Dr. Horatio Stebbins denounced free coinage I
In a political sermon preached yesterday fore
noon from the pulpit of the First Unitarian
Church. He said that all experience snowed
that the Inflation of the currency of a nation
was followed by moral and financial disaster.
The twenty-sixth anniversary of the en
trance of the Italian troops into Rome was
celebrated yesterday by the Italian colony.
The features of the celebration were a street
parade, picnic ana literary exercises at Harbor
View, fireworks at night on Washington
square and a grand ball in Bersbglieri Hall.
At the Y. M. C. A. the Rev. Dr. W. L. Birch
yesterday aiternoon delivered -an address on
••True Manhood" to a crowded meeting of men.
At the close every one of the audience sprang
to their feet, thus testifying that they would
carry out the practical truth, which the doctor
showed to be within reach of every honestly,
purely and religiously inclined man. Dr.
Birch intends to hold services in the Audi
torium on Sunday nights. ;
SEW TO-DAT.
I \ 1 comfortingl
COMFORTING!
■ For Tired, Aching, Irritated Feet is a M
warm bath with SOAP J
CUTICURA SOAP 1
■ and a gentle anointing with CUTI. K^
■ CUR A (ointment), the great skin cure. £rfj
[Wi This treatment allays itchinjrandlrri-^j^
pTftl lation, »oolheB inflammation an dttaj||ja
Hi painful Bwellinire of the Joints, soft- Ig|i>>l
■M ens hard, rouffheneci skin, and purl- Mmm
■ fles the perspiration.
PM *\ Pold throughout the world. Potto XS ■;;. > jil
h.i *a£^ Dkdo * Cm. Cost., Prop* t ßo*tsm,wSßlettaM
ARRIVAL OF
THE SYDNEY
Mrs. Thorold's Luckless Tug
Ethel and Marion
Raised.
THE ENGINEER'S ERROR
Adventures of the Bark Willie
Hume in a Fierce China
Typhoon.
IN THE CALM STOBM-CENTER.
So itary Journey of the British Ship
Drumrock — The Vigilan.'s
Load of Rcckcod.
Mrs. Thorold's little tug Ethel and
Marion, which whs sunk at her moorings
alongside of Union-street wharf early Sat
urday morning, was raised that same
evening. Tbe accident was caused by the
engiueer, David Linden, leaving the water
from the dock hydrant to run into the
vessel's tanks while he took a stroll up
town, lie returned and went to bed, for
getting all about the tug, and when she
was full of water she went down in the
bay.
Mrs. Thorold employed Captain White
law to lift her boat up into daylight. The
veteran wrecker, sympathizing with the
unfortunate woman, raised the vessel.only
charging $125, just enough to cover the
actual expenses of sending down a diver to
secure the sunken hull with chains and
hoist her to the surface.
Yesterday tbe hands of the tug were j
busy getting her cleaned out and in shape !
for work again. The hatch covers, sky- j
lights and" in fact everything movable
about tbe deck had floated away and were
lost. As Linden is a single man and has
no one depending upon him for support,
it is the feeling along the front that he
would do a eraceml ana manly act if he
would turn to and pay that $125 bill. He
either permitted the water to run un
checked into the vessel until she went
down, or if some malicious person turned
on the water, as he intimates, he was
criminally negligent in leaving the hose
alid couplings fixed to the hydrant instead
of removing them to the toolhouse, as he
has always done before.
The bark Willie Hume, owned by George
W. Hume of this City, arrived in Tacoma
from China a few days ago having es
caped from a terrible typhoon tbat caught
the vessel in its fierce whirlings. She left
Shanghai Auguit 6 and on the 24th ran
into the storm at latitude 42 north and
longitude 150 east. Several men were in
their bunks ill with the terrible heat, and
tuis made the bark short-handed. The
captain feports that he needed 100 men to
nianape her in that awful gale. For days
she ran before the wind under bare poles,
making nine and ten Knots an hour. The
bark founu the calm center of the storm,
and often for hours she would not feel a
breath of wind. She would roll on the
great billows till it seemed that she would
shatter into a thousand pieces, then she
would get into the inner circle of the gale
and away she would co like a racehorse.
Finally the good bark got away from
the tempest and made her way safely
across the Pacific to her destination.
The schooner ' Aloha arrived yesterday
evening from the Hawaiian Islands. In
latitude 37 north and longitude 146 west
she spoke the British ship Drumrock,
bound from London to Vancouver. The
people aboard the ship had not seen a
vessel for four months ana the Aloha was
a blessed sight to tnem. A boat with
newspapers and fruit was sent to them
from the schooner and the delighted sea
men gave three hearty British cheers for
the Yankee craft and the stars and stripes.
The tug Vigilant returned yesterday
evening from a fishing trip up the coast
and her passengers came asnore fairly
loaded down with strings of big red rock
cods.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Syd
ney got in iast night from Panama and
anchored in the stream. This morning
she will be boarded by the Quarantine
Officer.and as there is no sickness oq board
she will land at her deck.
An officer of the vessel stated that every
thing was quiet on the Central American
coast and tnat nothing of any importance
occurred on tbe vessel during her passage
up tbe coast.
The following are tbe cabin passengers:
Mrs. M. Alberque, Miss A. Alberque,"Mrs.
Carranza and daughters, Alice Fay and
Hilda Fay, Otto Boeden, Mrs. Boeden,
Joaquin Arzin, Fredrico Soginni, J. P.
Corcoran, G. R. Perry, Isaac Siena. There
are thirty passengers in the steerage.
The bark J. D. Peters arrived iast night
from Port Clarence, Chignik Bay, Alaska,
with 23,000 pounds of whalebone, some
ivory and skins, also 21.515 cases of
salmon, all consigned to Pacific Steam
Whaling Company.
THE HOMING THOPHY.
! The Pigeons Returned Home on Good
Time From San Joae.
The pigeons to compete for the Exam
iner homing trophy were liberated in San
Jose yesterday afternoon at 12^8 o'clock.
There were about sixty birds In seven
baskets. Tbe owners were G. T. Marsh,
E. G. Koenig, Otto Crewitt and W. P.
Archibald of San Francisco, George S.
Bassford of Vallejo, and T. W. Leydecker
of Alameda. In a few moments after
their liberation the pigeons, circling
around, reached a great height, then took
a course in tbe direction of this City, and
were out of sieht at 12:50 o'clock.
Under the rules of the California Hom
ing Club tbe timers are not obliged to
give the official time to the race secretary
until twenty-four hours after the race is
finished, consequently the winners cannot
be announced to-day. Tne arrivals as far
as known are as follows:
J. H. Welch, San Francisco, sky blue, E 753,
arrived at 2 r. m.
E. G. Koenig, £an Francisco, red checquer
cock, E iJ3«, arrived at 2:10 P. M ; E 299. E
I 222. E 232, E 234. E 257, E 235 and E 255 ar
rived at 2:10:30 and E 238 at 3:30 T. M.
H. E. Curzon, Alameda, E 50l and E507 ar
rived at 1:58 P. m.
'ieorge S. Bassford, Vallejo, sky blue E 372
S r . r ,r v^. ftt^ 3:10; black checquer E 375 at
3 :2O:3O and »ky blue E 370 at 3 :31 p. m.
The California Homing Club will have
200 homers on exhibition at the Mechanics'
Pavilion to-night Among them will be
the winners of the Examiner cup
AS FISH COMMISSIONER.
The Governor Petitioned to Appoint
John 11. isainml.
A petition is being signed by prominent
local sportsmen and anglers which will
soon be presented to Governor Budd. Its
object is the appointment of John H.
Bammi of the Deming- Palmer Milling
Company to the office of State Fish and
Game Commissioner, in lieu of W. C. Mur
doch, who recently resigned.
Mr. Sammi is well known in this city to
all lovers of shooting and fishing. He has
been Secretary of the Ban Francisco Rod
and Gun Club since its birth, and his friends
say a better man for the position would be
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
hard to find among the lovers of the pas
time in this city. Mr. Sammi has been a
strong advocate of game protection and
the propagation of fish and game.
JAPAN EXHIBITS.
Great Permanent Exposition of Foreign
Sample* at Osaka.
W. Araki, Japanese Government repre
sentative of the Osaka Commercial Com
pany, accompanied by his private secre
tary, arrived here last night by the belated
overland train and went to the Palace
Hotel. They will leave for Japan to-day
in the City of Peking, having completed a
several months' tour of the large commer
cial centers of the United States.
The Osaka Commercial Company, so
called, is virtualty a great permanent in
dustrial exposition maintained by tbe Gov
ernment since eight years ago in the
large city of Osaka, which has a population
of 600,000 with suburban additions making
a total population of over 1,000,000.
The exposition occupies space equal to
two large American blocks, and 100 men
are employed in tbe buildings, where
every manner of foreign goods is exhibited
in sample, with price and place of manu
facture and import duty plainly marked
thereon for the guidance of intending
buyers. This is the first time a representa
tive has been sent out to collect additional
information and samples.
Mr. Araki says that if the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association or indi
vidual manufacturers wish to send sam
ples for free exhibition communication
should be made with the Osaka Commer
cial Company, Osaka, Japan.
ANOTHER LEPER ARRIVES
The Pesthouse Will Receive a
Recruit in George
Papalou.
The Unfortunate Man Tells a Story
Bristling With Trials and
Hardships.
After being buffeted around for many
years from prison to aimshouse and from
almshouse back to prison, with an occa
sional railroad trip to vary tbo monotony,
George Papalou, a Hwaiian native, has
finally found a lodging-place in this City.
Temporarily he is at the Receiving
Hospital, but to-day he will be sent to the
Pesthouse, for he is a victim of;that dread
disease, leprosy.
Papalou reached San Francisco yester
day afternoon, going direct to the .Receiv
ing Hospital, where he told the attending
surgeon, Dr. Rinne, his trouble, and inci
dentally the story of his life. The history
of Papalou is as interesting and foil of
trials as falls to the average man's lot.
He was born in Honolulu 36 years ago.
His mother was a native woman and his
father an Italian. Wnen 5 years of age he
came to this country, going to Houston,
Texas, where his brother. Joseph Papalou,
then resided. Eleven years later the
dread disease made its first appearance,
but the elder brother concealed the fact
from the public by having the young man
treated in a private institution. There
was no appreciable change in his condi
tion, ana when Joseph Papalou died some
few years ago the real condition of the
younger brother became known.
Without any great amount of formality
the authorities bundled him up, bag and
baggage, placing hioi on a train bound
for Marshall, Tex. There his real trou
bles began. In time he was warned to
leave town, but not heeding it he was one
day summarily shipped to Fort Worth.
Tbe same treatment was meted out to
him there, and also at El Paso, where he
was sent some weeks later. He was
finally forced to leave the latter place,
though tbe citizens were kind enough to
give him a ticket to Los Angeles. The
authorities took him in charge for a time,
but last week concluded, it seems, to get
rid of him. He was given a ticket to this
City, arriving yesterday afternoon at 5
o'clock. The last nickel he had was spent
for a streetcar ride to the hospital.
Papalou, as already stated, will be sent
to the Pesthouse to-day. He will be given
the Goto treatment, and as the disease has
not yet reached its worst stage it is thought
that a permanent care may be effected.
BAPTIZED IN THE BAY.
The Ceremony Witnessed by
Many People at Ihe North
Beach Baths.
Charles Montgomery P ung s a Young
Man Into the Water— The Ac
companying Ssrvice-
The ceremony of baptism by immersion
was performed at the Shelter Cove baths
on Bay street yesterday afternoon. It was
attended by a small band of devout men
and women, each of whom carried a Bible
and a hymn book, and participated with
much fervor in the baptismal services.
From the neighboring shores and wharves
several spectators were attracted to the
scene of the religious observance, and
they watched it with more or less interest.
Snortly after 3 p. m. the party that waa
to join in the ceremony appeared at the
baths. A few words of direction were
spoken by Charles Montgomery, the hotel
man, who conducted the service in the
water, and all sang a hymn as they ar
ranged themselves in a circle.
After the hymn a prayer was given, and
then singing was resumed, at the close of
which there was reading from the Scrip
tures. The verses selected were from Bt.
Peter's epistles referring to baptism. The
reader, expounding on the words, de
clared that Christ was baptized on the
cross in blood, but this immersion in the
water was merely a figure of the real bap
tism—regeneration. Meanwhile Mr. Mont
gomery was in a dressing-room changing
his drexs, and H. A. Ironside, the one to
be baptized, was also preparing lor his
plunge.
Montgomery appeared in a long darfc
overcoat and a blue jeans trousers, while
Ironside wore a Salvation Army tunic
without its insignia and tweed panta
loons. They walked into the water to
gether, and when about waist deep Mont
gomery plunged the young man com
pletely under the waves, after which they
returned to their dressing-rooms without
ceremony.
A hymn of praise was sung, after which
the baptized one said he had buried the
corpse that had died six years ago when
he was saved. An appeal was made by
him to those who were not like himself—
saved— and the services concluded with s
prayer.
Nora Coffey's Jump,
Nora Coffey was taken from tbe City and
County Hospital to the City Prison yesterday
to await her trial on the charge of petty lar
ceny. On June 26 Nora stole some blankets
irom a room in the Bnrlington House, and
when the policeman made his appearance she
jumped out of a three-story window. Fortu
nately her dress caught on a wire, which
broke her fall, and she escaped with a broken
ankle and a sprained, leg. tihe has been in the
hospital since, bat has now fully recovered.
Yorke and Barry.
"Ministering Angels" will be the subject of
Father Yorke's lecture at Metropolitan Temple
this evening. It it the fourth of the series on
"Current controversy," given under the au
spices of the American Women's Liberal
League. The chairman of the lecture will be
James H. Barry of the Star, who has promised
to make some timely remarks on "Current
Topic*."
WINS LAURELS
WITH THE RIFLE
John Utschig Breaks the
Record With Seven
teen Bullseyes.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Company X Again Wins the
Mangels-Wieland Trophy
at Shell Mound.
THE HOSMER MEDAL CONTEST.
Young Makes an Odd Score With a
Military Musket — Captain
Siebe's Good Shots.
The most notable feature of yesterday's
shooting at Schuetzen Park rifle range was
the performance of J. Utschig of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club. He established a
splendid bullseye record of 17 out of 20.
The beat previous record of 16 out of 20,
held by George Helm and A. Strecker,
also of the California Schuetzen Club, re
mained intact for something like thirteen
years. Utschig also carried off the cham
pionship medal of the San Francisco Tur
ner Schuetzen Club \esterday with a score
of 417 rings.
The day. as a whole, was a busy one at
Schuetzen Park range, the stands of
the naval battalion aione being unoccu
pied. The list of clubs holding monthly
medal and bullseye shoots included tbe
California Schuetzen, the San Francisco
Grutii, the Verein Eintracht and the
Ladies' California Schuetzen Club.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club was for twenty-five
cash prizes and resulted as the
winners and scores as measured on tbe
measuring machine being given in order
of merit:
H. Efcge 120 degrees, H. Schroder 180. F.
Attenger 286, A. Mocker 293, A. Hani pie 293,
H. Kckman, A. Strecker, P. Jacoby, M. Fred
ericks, C. Thierbach, J. vVollmer, j. Jones, A.
Breuss, A. N. Baven, O. Bremer, P. Brunotti,
C. Egiug, C. Sagehorn. D. \Y. McLaughlin, L.
C. Babln.C. T. Waltham, J. Utschig Jr., C. F.
Kelly, D. B. Faktor, L. Reubold, R. Banger.
It will be seen from the foregoing that
although Mr. Utschig lowered the record
in a numerical sense the best bullseyes
were scored by H. Enge. Tne remaining
scores are given below:
Ladies' California Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot, championship medal, Mrs. Tur
ner 116, rings, first-class. Mrs. Strecke 106,
second-class not filled.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen monthly
medal shoot — Championship medal, J. Uuchlg
417 rings; first, second and third classes not
tilled; best first shot. C Sageborn 24; best
last shot, J. Ulschig 22.
San Francisco Grutii bullseye shoot— First,
T. Oppenzeller; second, L. Hauser; third, J.
Fret; fourth, i£d Kunz; filth. A. Hintermann.
Wrein Eintracht bullneye shoot — First, L.
Schmidt; second, E. Over; third, J. June,
fourth. T. Binner; tilth, C. Gumbel; sixth, J.
Kohrer.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Company X Again Wins the Man-
Kels-Wleland Trophy.
For an "off Sunday" there was an un
usuni amount of rifle-shooting at the Shell
Mound rifle range yesterday. All of the
military targets and many of the sharp
shooter targets were in use. The main
contest was that for the possession of the
beautiful Mangels-Wieland trophy.
Three years ago, before the old Second
Regiment, as well as tbe entire National
Guard, was disrupted, this trophy was put
up to be shot for annually by the compa
nies of the Second. For two years Com
pany X won and has hold the trophy.
Since the reorganization of the National
Guard only Companies X, M, F and I have
been able to shoot for tne prize, tbe other
companies of the regiment being consoli
dated with other companies or regiments.
The teams of tbe four companies named,
were on the ranee eariy yesterday morn
ing and kept an incessant tire, ten shots to
each marksman, all day. For a time tbe
contest lay between the teams of X and I.
Company F was handicapped by being
one man short. Following are the 9cores,
which show that X won by 24 points, mili
tary target :
Company K— T. J. Cunningham 40, E. D.
Flnley 36, C. W. Seely 45, C. O. Cooper 41,
A. R. Fearless 35. H. Myers 39, P. F. Bauer 41,
P. F. Brunoue 40, G. M. Barley 40, E. Barues
34, D. F. de Bernardi 38, J. C. Hardy 41, J. H.
Helms 42, B. Hoffman 41. K. P. Jacobson 44,
C. I". Maguire4l. L. J. Reubold 35. J. A. Ross
43, E. Bruhnke3a, J.J.. Utschig 4l.' Total, 79G.
Company I— H. Huber 38, w. H. Tobln 4U,
O. F. Huber 36, K. K. Moore 45. W. Corcoran
37, M. J. Sheahan 38. W. Golly 42, W. C. Meyer
30, J. P. McCarthy 37, N. A. Martin 40, C. G.
Sprippel 42, A. Blanat 39, W. Drieschmann
38, L. Ringen 42. J. C. Rlngen 42, F. Koch 41,
J. H. Peteri34, & R. Jones 30, J. F. Siebe 36,
C. A. Sun 34. Total, 772.
Company M— Lieutenant C. J. Hogan 38, Ser
sreiint j. w. coffey [40, Sergeant E. VV. Rivers
31, Serjeant P. F. Casay 38, Corporal E. C.
Strath 36, Corporal C. E. Noyes 37. Corporal S.
B. Farnham 36, Corpor«l P. X Kelly 42, Cor
poral F. W. Olmstead 33, C. Nelson 37, L. B.
Ayhens3o. W. C. Frietts 38, hi. J. Lyons 38,
J. P. Murphy 36, A. J. Murray 27, W. D. Mut
phv 39, C. G. Reay 40, W. H. Spiihnan 36, O.
G. Volkman 25. F. T. Engel 41. Total, 707.
Company F— Captain Miller 33, Lieutenant
Kippert 30, Iver*ou 31, Cook 36, Brown 40,
Hawice»4o, Coddington 25. Dresser 32, Doan
33, Fitzgerald 35, Gorman 35, holstein 37, Mo-
Neill 37, O'Connor 40, Pratt 36, Willard 89,
Doscher 18,Dever34, VVintzel 30. T0ta1, 641.
The riflemen of Company B also were
out in full force, for there were two event 9
on the programme. Tbe first was the
regular monthly medal shoot, 200 yards,
military target, ten shots each. The
scores on this were:
Company medal shoot— Lieutenant A. F.
Ramni 40, Joe Fetr 46, G. Underman 38, J. R.
Wear 33, C. Perry 43. L. Townsend 28, C. Lin
decker 30. W. Kruar 34, C. H. White 26, G.
Gibbs 30, E. Peppin 40, A. MrCullough 32, W.
Overstreet 28. E. Cordell 42, E. L. Filmer 34,
A. Hammerson 32, A. Fowler 28, G. Sullivan
42, 11. B. Taylor 41, A. Feu 39, E. G. Clausi
neus 40, D. 8. Briggs 31, \Y. J. Hayes 4 1.
Tbe second event was a contest by the
compary tor the elegant medal presented
by Captain Ho«mer to the best marksman.
In order to «qu •■ /.? tbe matcu a handicap
was placed uu all the high classes so as to
21 ye the lower grade marksmen a chance.
For all that the medal was won by C.
Perry of the first class with 46, The scores
made stood as follows:
Hosmer medal contest— C. Lindecker 36, L.
R. Townsend 33. A. MeCulloch 30, E. p. Penuin
40, C. Perry 46, W. H. Krug 31, E. Filmer 25
E. C. Cordell 38, A. Fowler 34, A. Hamerson
37, M. Cresalia 24, J. Creaalia 22, G. Bullivan
38, G. Claussenius 43, Lieutenant Ramm 41
D. S. Briggs 30, W. J. Hayes 42.
This medal will have to be won twice
before permanent possession is allowed.
Yesterday was the first contest.
The monthly medal shoot of Company L
resulted in the annexed scores beiug made :
C. Isaksen. 49; H. J. Mangels, 42; F J
Grandman, 41; Captain J. F. Eggert, 41; h'
J. Leffman. 36; J. Lauber, 36: J. Slatterv 35-
J, Foiey, 35; H.G. Leffman, 34; Reagan 34 :
Ed Leary, 32; V. ft. Rogers, 30.
The monthly medal shoot of Company
A resulted in the following scores being
made :
Sergeant F. Poulter, 49; Captain Poulter
45; Sergeant Downie, 43; Charles Pucket 42 :
Tait, 41; Sergeant McCormack, 40; O w'
Pucket, 41; Masrill, 44; Corporal Llttlefl«ld'
37; Peterson, 34; Miller, 33; Brow 38 •'
L Jumper, 38; Sergeant Dickinson, 88; Graves^
30; A. Janigan, 39; Patrav, 27; Cleveland,
42; C. H. Ellis, 36; Bod well, 23; C. E. Poulter,
15; Grismore, 31; Sergeant Breer, 36; Lieu
tenant Vaughn, 38; Slack, 28; Hughes, 31;
Loam, 35 ; H. Kohler, 30.
A number of marksmen of the Knights
of the Ked Branch Rifles held a practice
shoot and the following scores were made,
ten shots each, military rifles:
James Smith 44, James Murphy 35, .T. J.
T.onuhran 36, John Green 39, J. D. LoiiEhray
37, P. Donahoe29. M. Lane 15, D. Rahiil 39,
J. Marron 17, Thomns Waters 40, P. McEwen
36, Corporal J. J. Roperbon 40, James Roger
son 40, J. P. liogau 41, Patrick Rahill 27, J.
McKenna 22, P. Brady 31, J. Russell 36, P.
Rush 22.
The sharpshooters of the Red Men's
Shootins Section were out with their target
rifles and held their monthly contest for
class medals. The scores, twenty shots, 25
-ring German target, were as follows:
Champion class— John Tiedman, 353 rings;
lirst class— C. Stein, 320; second class— P. H.
Will, 298; third class— \V. Dressier, 279; fourth
class, I. Wagner, 260. Best first shot, John
Tiedman, 24 ; best last shot, C. Stein, 24.
A goodly number of the members of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club were on
the range practicing for future events.
Among them were F. O. Young, Ed
Hovey, A. a. Dorrell, J. E. Crane, J. P.
Cosgrave.J. E. Gorman, A. H. Pape and
others. Young and Hovey were experi
menting with nitro powder in Sharp's
military muskets. Young's first score of
ten shots on the Columbia target pro
duced a singular result in the count. He
made 49 points, Columbia target, which
was equivalent to 49 points on the Creed
moor and 50, or a possible, on the Blunt
military target.
Captain Siebe, tbe proprietor of tbe
range, has ulso distinguished himself as a
rifle-shot. He had a number of tine fat
hogs in his yard near the iron works, be
low the range, anrl the other day one of
the employees told him that three bull
dogs had killed three of nis porkers. He
seized a repeating rifle and ran to the
yard. Tbe statement was true, and the
three savage animals were standing over
their victims. Captain Siebe set his rifle
to work, and in less than half a minute he
had scored, not three bullseyes, but three
bulldogs. There are six newly made
graves on the sand beach on the bay
shore near the range.
MRS. COOPER'S BIBLE LESSON.
The Teaching of Wholesome Truths
From a Bible Text.
A large number of ladies and gentlemen
attended Mrs. Cooper's Bible class yester
day on the occasion of reassembling in
the auditorium of the First Congrega
tional Church. An interesting discussion
of the lesson filled the hour. Rev. Dr.
Adams visited the c.'ass and was warmly
received.
The les3on was based on Proverb?,
16:22-33. Tne teacher expressed pleasure
at being again in the old-time place. Sue
said: "Solomon had swept tbe whole
circle of social experience when he wrote
tbe Proverb?. It is exceedingly interest
ing to see what a man ot such naturally
fine quality and of such * resolute spirit
has brought back from the wide field o!
experience. There is one study that can
never lose its interest for us. That is the
investigation of human character. We
find much in common with our own ex
perience in the iiie and heart history of
others. Solomon began well, but the
brightness of his life was obscured at last
because he failed to live well. Tbe life of
God in the soul of man ought to be a per
petual development.
"The aged fool represents the very sum
of folly, as says verse twenty-second. But
the gray hairs that represent well-used ex
periences, they are a crown of glory. The
aged disciple, sitting like an old soldier
in the even-tide of life, recounting his
well-fought battles, can tell many a story
of heroic fighting. There is a way that
seemith right unto a man, but the ends
thereof are the ways of death.
"Nothing can save any one but firm,
good habit?, steadfast principles and tbe
grace cf God in confirmation of them.
Step by sten men go downward. In pur
suing evil courses, it is like going down
winding stair?. The upper stairs hide the
lower ones. Each step is a slight descent,
but it is downward. One has only to keep
on and he wiil reach the bottom in tiruo.
Whatever lower? the tone of moral feeling
is danperous. By and by all resisting
power is gone, and when temptation
comes ruin comes with it."
Military scrvico in Spain is compulsory
on all for'eight years, or for four years in
the colonies.
KTEW TO-DAY.
V^^^^^@r the convenience
wtntrWr giving qualities
mr£g& of the best cocoa
W Qbirardeili's
W Obocolate
pi Made here— always fresh.' Noth- *
W ing but pure material,' skillftily •
■ . ■■■•.-.. prepared. Made instantly! with
■ r- : . ■ boiling milk, r* All grocers. .
MINISTERS IN
PASTURES NEW
Four Methodist Pastors
Occupy Pulpits the
First Time.
DE. JEWELL AT TRINITY
Ex-Chancellor of the University
of the Pacific Enters
His Charge.
THE FIRST CHURCH AGAIN OPEN
Dr. Adams, the Congregational Supply,
Looked Upon as Rev. Dr.
Brown's Successor.
Four of the local Methodist churches
yesterday welcomed new ministers to their
pulpits. A fifth, the California-street,
will greet its new minister who, owing to
a rather lengthy move is a week tardy,
next Sunday.
The changes made are pursuant to the
action of the conference which has just
concluded its labors at Pacific Grove.
At the First M. E. Church on Powell
street, between Washington and Jackson,
Rev. W. S. Urmy yesterday addressed a
new flock. Dr. Urmy, however, is not
new to San Francisco. He has just con
cluded his term as t>astor of the Potrero
church, where he was extremely popular.
His new congregation proposes giving him
a public reception next Thursday evening
Dr. Fraok Jewell, who is one of the best
known and most popular ministers In the
California Conference, has been allotted
to Trinity Church at the corner of Market
and Sixteenth streets, where he yesterday
addressed the congregation for the first
time. Dr. Jewell had no charge last year,
his efforts being directed as Chancellor of
the University of the Pacific to recouping
the finances of the institution. Dr. Jewell
has been stationed at San Francisco be
fore.
Rev. Mr. Chilson, who last year occupied
a pulpit at lone, met his congregation at
NEW TO-DAT.
San Francisco will drink
twice as much tea when it
gets to drinking tea that's
three times as good — that's
Schilling's Best— and the
way to bring it about is to
give them the tea.
Every grocer can double
his trade — he needn't wait
for the rest.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco . . 8M
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS* FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVII.ION,\LAKKIX STREET,
i Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
YOTISG FOR THEISVE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
See the Magnificent Display of Live Fish !
Monday, SeptcmbT 21— German day. German
selections by Hinrichs' orchestra. > Wagner night—
Homing Pigeon Contest for errand silver cup for
members of the Pacific i oast Homing Pigeon Asso-
ciation. -
I Tuesday, September 22— French night.' French
selections; Mnglnar by French Choral Society;
awarding of silver cup for winner of ■" Homing
Pieeon Contest. • . , : 
Wednesday, September 23— Military night., Mili-
I tary selections.
Thursday, September 24— Fraternal night. Uni-
form Runic. Knighta of Pythias.
Friday, September 25— .League of the Cross Ca-
nets: Native sons of the Golden West: Native
I Daughters of th« Golden West; League of Ameri-
l can Wheelmen; 9 p. m., renderisg <ot patriotic
I song* by the pupils of the Franklin Grammar
! School. . .'., ' ./-■ ■ , ■ - ...;, : , :.
- Saturday. September 26. afternoon— Babies' day,
' beautiful prizes for Handsomest Babies (12 prizes),
children 2to 6 years of ape: Stanford University
day, ; College airs; >■-; Ban Francisco • Commercial
Travelers' association; .Literary JSserclses In Art
Gallery. ; .
Admission 25c, Children 15c— —
OPEN PA Y AND EVENING.
j THE CHUTES, CASINO
I And Greatest Scenic Rail war on Earth •
Open Dally from 1 to 11 P. JU.
, The Wonder of the Century Is the
ANIMATOSCOPE!
,',.-. Superior to the Vitascope.
ON EXHIBITION EVERY EVENING.
i * %l - — 7 ln the Casino- — -
IRENE COOK, Danseuse. '
■•• LOUIS MKYEKs, "King of Clubs."
■• * MUSICAL FLETCHER.
\ *rrrr: An *.'?*.-. ' Big BUJ J< ~~~
> r ADMISSION— IO CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Hide, 5 cents.
NEW TO-DAT.
The Woman,
The Man,
And The Pill.
She was a good woman. He
loved her. She was his wife.
The pie was good; his wife
made it; he ate it. But the
pie disagreed with him, and
he disagreed with his wife.
Now he takes a pill after pie
and is happy. So is his wife.
The pill he takes is Ayer's.
Moral : Avoid dyspepsia
by using
Ayer's
Cathartic Pills.
the Potrero yesterday. Mr. ChiNon is a
young man of force and culture. Previous
to his charge at lone he was a member of
the faculty of the University of the Pacific,
but preferred the ministry to educational
work.
Rev. G. R. Stanley occupied the pulpit
at the Fifteenth-avenue Church, recently
vacated by Rev. E. M. Hill. Dr. Stanley
was last located at Benicia, but has been
in this conference for a great many years.
He is a comparative stranger in San
rrancisco, not having preached here for a
long time.
Rev. Dr. Phelps of San Luis Obispo
was to have commenced his pastorate at
the California-street Church yesterday,
but was unable to arrive for yesterday's
services. He is expected next Thursday
and will occupy the pulpit Sunday.
Dr. Adams, who has been calledas sup
ply pastor for the First Congregational
Church, it is said wiil probably be the
permanent successor of C. O. Brown.
Dr. Adams is at present pastor of the
Comcton Hill Church of St.Louis, one of
the most fashionable religious organiza
tions in that city. The standing of tue
church is largely due to Dr. Adams' per
sonal efforts, he having assumed the pas
torate when it was a struggling mission.
Dr. Adams preached his first sermon in
this City yesterday morning, when the
church's doors were opened the first time
in months. His address made a very
favorable impression.
Dr. Adams is saia to be not averse to
assuming charge of the church, and those
who know him say he is just the man to
bring the church to its former standing.
A Man Found Unconscious.
« An unknown man was picked up in an un
conscious condition on the corner of Post and
Market streets by Officer J. H. Caples last
night. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that he was suf
fering from a severe contusion of the face
There was also a wound on the head. The
attending surgeon thought a fracture of the
skull might be developed later on. The man
regained consciousness a short time about 10
o clock. He gave his name as Roscoe Perry,
and eaid^that he had received the injuries
while walking across a field at Palo Alto. This
story is believed to be only the vagary of a
mind temporarily impaired.
s» — ♦ >
SSome naturalists believe that the whale
was originally a land animal and that it
fled to the water for safety. ■'•
HEW AMUSEMENTS.
A Strong Dramatic Production!
TO-NICiJiT— f,ieele ilackave's Adaptation from
Sardou's Powerful Play, ■ . :
INSPITEOP ALIj:
The .Excellent Cast of the ■ -
:f i r,.a.-wi_iEY company.
Carroll Clandenning, i a i man of the world, Mr.
Frank Worthing; Jack, his brother-in-law, Mr.
Oeortw Leslie; Herr Kraft, manager of the Stella,
Mr. Harry Corson Clarke: Mr. Hart man, a jeweler,
Mr. Maciyn Arbuckle: call-boy. Mr. George Bos-
worth; Alice, wife of Carroll, Mlsi Blanche L.
Bat>>s; "La Stella," the prima donna of the opera
bouffe, Miss Lansing Ko;van; Louise, her maid.
Miss Alice Plxley; Bessie, servant. Miss Hope
Ross. . Next lionday— Farewell week.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
Mxs.Ebskstike Krki.ivh, Proprietor & Manager
Til© Grand Opera. Season .
THIS !BV.ENIN"a
KKTURN OF TH FAVORITES I .
Meyerbeer's Tragic Opera,
TIEaCjEi HiUGrUSNOTS :
Natali, Bertini Humphreys, Bernice Holmes,
Michelena, lie Vries, Abramoff, Napoleoni,
VjMS^ieaaktH: eta, in the casdaaßM&gWfMß
First Appearance of Mb. Rhys Thomas, Tenor.
- — TO-HOBEOW EVENING «
THE BOHEMIAN' QIRIj
Wednesday Evening - and remainder of week,
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
AIDA !
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage.
In Preparation : _j_ : : SATASELLA
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc. .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKK MOROSUO. Sola Lease* ani .Uiu^i;
SKE THK NAMES!
L. R. STOCKWELL. VICTORY BATEMAI.
SEE THE ATTRACTION I
Gunter's Most Successful Work,
"MR, POTTER OF TEXAS!"
Beautiful Gowns! .
Splendid. Accessories! SFfMiffi^
Gorgeous Scenery!
i Kvenincr Prices— lOc. 35c and 50n.
rTarrell street."^« wp««» Stockton an 1 Pe»r»U.
Week Comine3>ciiig Monday. Sept.
A URKAT, STRONG BILL!
r KU.KV AM) HUGH . S :
Plantation Comedians and Dancer.3. '
CAKPOS BKOTHERS, European Acrobats.
MASTER WALTER LEON.
The Boy Actor, Mimic and Vocalist.
33— People in Sew Vaudeville Specialties!— S3
Reserved seats. 25c: .balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seals In advance.
Corning— The Famous Royal Hawaiian Band
and Glee Club.
Bei-asco, Doase & Jordan. Lessees & Managers.
. ~--"J7C>-INr XGOEIT-— -., ,'■
First Time in San Francisco at .Popular Prices Of
— August in Daly s nocfety Drama,
DIVORCE !-
A Wonderfal Cast!— —^r *j* ? : ; :
" ' :\- -^—A Perfect Production!
PRlCKS— Evening: 15c. 35c, 3r»o and 500.
■* :•.«■ Matinee: -"150/ 250 and;3sc.-::
Secure Seats by Telephone,: Black 991.
SUTRO BATHa
■ Open Daily from 7a. m. Until 11 p. it".
Concert Every Afternoon and ~ Evening.
- General Admission.— Adults 10c, Children 50.
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
The Miitnm.
The laying of the cornerstone of the Masonic
Widows' and Orphans' Home at Decoto, Ala
meda County, will be by the Most Worthy-
Grand Lodge of California, under the direction
of the Worthy Edward Meyers Preston, grand
master, on the 14th of next October. It is ex
pected thai this will be one of the moat im
portant epochs in the history of Masonry in
California. Alameda Lodge has arranged for
refreshments after the ceremonies.
Order of the Eastern Star.
There was a large assemblage at the meeting of
Golden Gate Chapter last week, on which occasion
three candidates were Initiated. There were pres
ent Mrs. M. K. Partridge. P. W. G. M.; Professor
J. J. Morse of England, Mrs. Mary Gilmer Dunn,
P. M. of Columbus Chapter, Sacramento; Mis.
Howard, associate matron of ldl«-wiid Chapter,
sauta Cruz; Mrs. T. Fitchen, matron of P.eulah
Chapter; Mrs. George W. H. Patterson, matron,
and Cyrus C Dow, patron Of Ivy Chapter; Dr. A-
Ministry of Harmony Chapter and visitors from
oakleaf Chapter. After the clojing of the chapter
refreshments were serve I.
H:irmonv Chapter bad an initiation ceremony
on i- ridny night.
Ivy chapter at lv last held meeting elected
three applicants ana received six petitions. This
chapter will give a party on the 21st of October, in
Golden Gate HalL for the benefit of the Masonic
Widows' and Orphans' Home fund.
The worthy grand patron will make visitations
as follows: September 22, Santa Barbara; 2b,
Ventura; 'JB, San Luis ObispO; October 6. Sonora;
7, Angels Camp; 8, San Andreas; and 10, Butter
Creek.
There Is a demand for chapters at Lompoe, Mar
tinez aad Centerville.
The following named from the interior were vis
itors at the othce of the grand secretary last weett :
Mrs. C. A. Kingsley of Vesper Chapter, Kei Bluff,
P. A. G. M. ; Mrs. K. D. Storey, past matron of
Carita Chapter, Alameda; Mrs. A. M. Nobmann
of Carita Chapter; Mrs. A. McHarvey of sonora.
past grand treasurer ami past matron of Vallry of
ibe Moon Chapter: Jennie (iarrard of Angels
camp: Mrs. Lillian Bond of Silver Star Chapter.
Vailejo. Hoa I>. I). G M.: and Mrs. M. Jamison of
Kingsley Chapter, Ukiah.
. h^ i wenty-fourth session of the Grand Chanter
will be held in Upper Golden Gate Hall on tbe 20th
of October. The be»daii::rters during the session ]
will be .n the Baldwin Hotel.
siolfien Gate Chapter has struck off a. very hand
some badge to be worn by members ouriug the
»'-.-> ion of the Grand Chapter, it is from a very
artistic design by Waiter JS". Bruut, a member of
the chapter.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Bay City Lodge received a visit from the Vete
ran Association and Cal.fornia and Loyal Ke
bekah lodges last Tuesday night. The visitors
wer- welcomed by Noble Grand Roth and they
were entertained with music and recitations. The
Knickerbockers rendered some excellent music
It has beeu announced that the Veteran .asso
ciai:on would visit Abou Ben Adhem Lodge on the
15 h of October, but since it has been decided to
make the visit on that night to Yerba Buena
Lodge.
To-morrow night Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes
irlJl address the members of Unity Lodge, it being
the anniversary of bis birth and of bis becoming
an Odd Fellow.
The irand meeting of District No. 67 will be held
next Friday night.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge meets to-day in
Dallas. Tpx.
On the uighis of September 29, 30 aad October 1
performances will be given in the Columbia '1 hea
ter for the benefit of the relief committee, which
has for its purpose t 'c re.iel through the Friend
snip fund of a n iimner of deserving Odd Fellows.
Loyal Rebekah l,odse received a fraternal visit
lasi Monday nix'.u from Brooklyn Kebekan Lodge.
Templar liebekah - odge has donated f 400 to
the fund for the i rphans' Home.
oriental Keb-kab Lod^e will give an evening to
its friends on Wednesday next.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
A circular explaining the new card register sys
tem, wbic i at the last session of the Supreme
Lodge was mandatory on all jurisdictions, has been
osued by the supreme recorder.
A circular setting forth the claims of the order,
under the new ptan, its record, membership, offi
cers and mauv other interesting facts has been pre
-1 ared in the office of the grand lodge and is now
ready for distribu: ion. Tne grand recorder is pre
paring booKs in harmony with the new classified
plan. The new form of remittance report re.
quired uader th- new plan Is also being prepared.
Last Tuesday five applicants received the work
man degree in Keystone Lodge, the ritualistic and
secret work being performed by Frank S. Poland,
D. G. W. M., in the presence of a large number of
membt rs of the order. Grand M-ster Workman
K. Danfo.th, P. <;. If W., & Booth, G. R. :ind
Gr.ind Recorder Hißhbers; delivered addresses.
j-.xcelsior Lodee will couit-r the workman degree
n»-xt Wednesday in Excelsior Hall on Mission
street.
.a district meeting of district No. 1 is arranged
by Deputy J. D. shaylor for the evening of Oc
tober 8. , .
The grand master workman, grand recorder and
grand receiver wl I deliver addresses before An
tiocli Lodge on October 23. here will b? present
delegates from other lodges in the county.
Deputy <.rand Master Workman Po and and the
' akland drill team will confer the amplified de
grees on & class of six at Hay wards Lodge on the '■
29th insU
Mission Lodge will elve an entertainment in its
new hail at the .Mission San Jose next Friday.
The Native Sons.
' The entertainment given in Bed wood City on
•Admission Day for the purpose of raising funds
'for the next Grand Parlor was a decided financial
as well as social success. -
. Grand Trustee eabichi of Ramona Parlor paid a
fraternal visit to Precita Parlor. Mouth San Fran
cisco, and was met by a large attendance, 'on the
evenineef the 30th inst. he will officially visit
California Parlor, on which occasion the new
• ritual will be exemplified, arrangements to that
end having been attended to by the good of the
• order committee, composed of h.. H. Folsom, M.A j
Ephrum and \V. H. staniel*. All the grand offi
cers, district deputies and presidents of local par
lors will be in attendance.
Deputy C. R. Heverin, who has Just returned
from Lake Conn:y, reports that the slumbering
parlor in UKiah wit! soon be reorganized.
B. H. Pringle. stcre ary of San. a Cruz Council
spent a few days in this City la*t wee*.
J. E. McDougall, a charter member of the order
and past president of California Parlor, wore dur
ing the procession in Stockton on the 9th a badge
, which he wor • on the occasion of the first parade
•of the order in 1876, and as it is c aimed to be the
only on.- extant. It was locked upon a* a relic.
J. D. Morris of Washington Parlor of Center
viile, who is grand outside sentinel, was in this
City last week and visited several parlors.
W. J. Beatty of Georgetown, who visited several
parlors in this City last week, reports the order do
, ing well tn El Dorado County.
Grand President Gesford has received an appli
cation for authority to organise a parlor at Fort
Brass. Mendoclno County.
The following Native Sons from the interior vis
ited the office of Grand Secretary Lunstedt last
week: V. A. lJalton Jr. of Mount Diablo Parlor
Martinez: C. Bullock o: Woodland; F. M. Lutrell
of Glen ellen; A. Heyman of Bakerslield; George
C, Mon ell or Halcyon Parlor, . lameda- W D
Heryfoid of silver -tar Parlor. Lincoln,' Piucer
bounty: J. Laser of Los Osos Parlor, fan Luis
Obispo; Lou Roberts of Santa Rosa and Ueoree
Thurman of Mad era. '
The Native Daughters.
Alta Parlor will give an entertainment and
dance in the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building on the 22d of next October.
Young Men's Institute.
Borromean Council has chosen Hey. Father P. E.
Mulligan as Its chaplain. Three candidates were
initiated at the lajt meeting, and new by-laws
were adopted. The council has a committee on
hall at work, and as soon as arrangements are
completed It contemplates an important move.
Th» council will give an entertainment and social
on the 23d of October.
Past Grand E. J. Murasky has contributed to
one of the monthlies a carefully prepared Illustra
ted article, histor.cal of the Y. M.I. The illusira
tlons are of the first grand council, first .sunranip
council, past grand offlors, grand offl.ers and p »r-
J^ait of Archbishop P W. Kiordan, supreme chajv
There was such a demand for tickets to attend
the lecture given last i-riday before Valleio Coun
cil in Farraitut Hall, Vallejo. thai it w,.i, impos
s ble to snppiy that demand, the hail accommo
dation be!,,* limited. The lecture whs on™Tne
Pope aud the Peo;>)e,'- and was dellvere.l by Rev
Father Yorke. There was. in addition, a literary
and musical programme, in which the followin"'
named took pan: Miss Alice Walsh, Miss Helen
Gallagher, Mrs. S. St. John. Master Hoscoe Har
rington J P. stanton and the Independence band.
Rev. Father York will deliver the third lecture
under the direction of the Central Lecture Bu
reau. Jt win be on -'What Catholics Do Not we
lieve,"anil will be dci.v.-red In Mission Parlor
Hall uncer the auspices of Mission Counci No a
on the evening of October 1. wu »« i «o. »,
Young Ladies' Institute.
This order is now receiving associate members
in accordance with a proposition adopted at the
last-held session of the Grand Council. A number
of ladies who wished to identify themselves with
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wnteLocK & CO.,
4 Leidesclorff St.. TeL Main 1954.
: _„„ ' •biuschofficb: = - .. •
■623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
PURDY & ATKINSON, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
rn^ tloMl Reference Ist National Bank, & F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
the organization were barred by reason of the age
limit, which has always been fixed at M 5 ASSO
rlatc members, who en enjoy ail the privileges
of the onler excep. sick an>l deaih benefits, can
be enrolled at any ase above the limit fixed for
regular members (Jrand Secretary alias Josie T.
Moll y, room bS. Douoboe building, will furnish
all information in regard io this new feature.
An application has been received trom Van
couver, Wash., for a charter for a new branch. It
will be granted at the next meeting of the grand
directors.
Branch 88, of Portland, Or., at a meeting last
Tuesday received a large number of applications.
The Good Templars.
Grand Chief Templar J. H. Webb of Fresno has
been quite busy of late lecturing in Placer, Ne
vada, .Sierra, El Dorado and Merced counties. He
will speak, nothing occurring to prevent him, at a
Gospel temperance meeting to be held in Berkeley
next Sunday night. He expects to institute a new
lodge th-re on the following night.
Mrs. J. C. Stone of Ohio, grand lecturer, has been
lecturing and organizing in Plumas, Sonoma and
Mendocino counties.
The Grand Lodge will meet in Vallejo on the 6th
of ( )ctober and will be hi session several days. A
good attendance is prouiisi'ii and cvsrv one who
g«es there will have an opportunity to visli the
pride of the order, -The Good Templars' Home for
(anybody's) Orphans." An effort will be made to
have the grand body bold the session after mis
One in Pasadena.
Mrs. E. M. North, grand superintendent of juve
nile work, who now publishes a paper In the i nter
est of that branch, reports her department as
encouraging.
The meetings of the district lodges have been
well attended and the Good Templars are working
In harmony with the W. C. T. TJ.
The grand cblef templar has recommended a
temperance sermon at a union gospel meeting In
each community on Sunday, October 4, which im
mediately precedes the Grand Lodge meeting.
The motto of the order Is "Volb *< Yon Pray,"
and as it has always accorded to women equal
privileges and honors with mcii prohibition aud
the woman-suffrage amendment have been steadily
advocated.
Foresters of America.
Court Tracy No. 105 celebrated Its fourth anni
versary last Friday by a picnic. Jndge C. P. Ren
don of Stockton, deputy supreme chief ranger of
this Jurisdiction, delivered an eloquent address on
Forestry.
Among the visitors to the grand secretary's
I office durlnc the past week were Henry Klee, P.
j C. R., of Court Hay ward; George A. Ball. P. C. R.,
of Court Mar of Woodland: W. A. Bean, C. X.,
and R. A. Woods of Court Vosemite of Fresno ;
Past Master's New JeweL
O. W. TrasK of court Eurelta, J. Dougherty. C. R.,
of Court ocean View, West Berkeley; J. Housken,
F. S.. of Court Tracy.
Court Inter Ncs entertained its friends last
Thursday evening with a social.
The new i»weU for pusl chief raneers have been
manufactured. Ther arc of coin silver, hand
somely enameled, and are quite an ornament.
Tne report of the auditor* for the period com
mencinc with .\ pril an 1 ending with the last day
of Auenst last, shows total assets of 56026 39 and
liabilities of $1403 04. le.iviii-r ihe net value of the
grand court on September 1,94623 35 The re
port is very complimentary to the grand treasurer
and the grand becretary.
Companions of the Forest.
Mrs. M. A. Duke, Q. Q, c, has left for tne south,
and while there will offlciall v visit the following
circles: September 11, F.aelity Circle In Santa
Ana; 23d, Los Angeles Circle; 2&th, Laurel Circle
in Lis Angeles; 28 h, Silver Gate ami San Diego
circus, In San Diego; 29th, San Pedro Circle:
30. h, Angelina i'lrclei 'lrcle in Los Armeies; October 1,
Ocean View Circle in Sania Barbara.
The lemonade and ie cream social given by
Court Richmond last Tuesday evenine was a de
elded success. Sufficient names were also secured
to guarantee the formation of a circle In connection
with this court. Dunn? the evening Professor
Morel!. Mrs. Doucherty Master Dougherty, Mr.
Ballard and Sir. Morel favored tlms" present with
■ones recitations were given by Mr. Van Dorn,
and addresses on the benefits of the order were
made by William Hampton, P. C. R. of Court
Richmond, c. H. Brenner, t. s. c. C, and Miss
Bertha Himze, U. T.
Loyal circle of Oakland initiated five candidates
iast Tups ay. After the closing of the circle a ban
quet was served.
Han Jose Circle bas accepted the invitation to at
tend the banquet of Kschscholtzia Circle of Moun
tain View to-morrow evening.
The constitution as amended at the late session
of the Grand Circle held in Oakland will be ready
for distribution during the week.
Ancient Order of Foreftter*.
Court Occidental celebrated the sixteenth anni
versary of its organization last Thursday.
Court Violet Social C!ubwil give a bay excur
sion on the schooner Rosie H next Sunday.
High Court Sub-Chief Ranger M.. Boeum v
Court Sutter at sutler Creek las. week.
Court Excelsior will give an anniversary enter
tainment aud ball in A. O. F. Hall on the 13th of
October.
Court Bohemian is making arrangements for a
grand entertainment to he given during October.
Organizer M. P. Light has been meeting with
considerable success in the northern part of th«
State of late. Not long since he organized a court
in Susnnviile, anif on the Bth inst. he organized
Couit Madelaine No. 8527 at Alturas. Modoc
County. and on the 15th Court Surprise No. 85_'-i
at i edarvi le In the same county, ih- officers of
Court Mad lame are: J. W. Griffins, P. C. R.; M.
Hughes, C. I;.: J. W. Cumrnin^s, 8. C. R. : J.
l.aver, T.J S. W. Pepperdiue, F. 8. J. W. Reeves,
R. ■*.; C. G. Spargur, S. W.; G. P. Armstrong,
J. W.; A. M. Miller, S. B.: J. C. Roachford. J. B7:
a. B.ondin, M. X.: J. H. Stewart, C. L. C'hanln
and M. Plnkney, trus-ees: R. C. Wilson, W. K.
Roachford and C. R. \\ hittaker. auditors.
The ofticf rs of Court are: F. L. Rob
erts, P. C. H.; Willium Mulllos. C. X.; D. J. Ben
ner, S. C R.: T. U. Johuatou, T. ; Dennis J.
Denehy, F. c. ; W. H. Musselman. R. 8.; W. W
Hudsppth, S. W.: William Brink. J. W. ; trustees-
Milton Sharp, R. 11. Stanley, Hiram Barns- au
ditors-J. W. Wheeler, H. E. Kochford, A. L. Ben
uer.
Among the visitors at the office of the perma
nent secretary during the past week were the fol
lowing-named from the interior: a. a. Burrows,
a prominent attorney of Grass Valley and a mem
ber of court l J ri<ieof Grass Valley, T. Wilson and
J. A. < unningnam of Point Arena, F. P. Reid of
Weaverville, Recording ttetretay R. Gribble of
Court -• adrone. O. C. Jensen of Junction City,
William G. . itcbell of Grass Valley aud A. Sail-
CPtti of Amador.
Thomas Lindsay of Honolulu, who attended the
session of the High Court of the World in Dundee,
will return to this City this week, en route to his
home.
Companions of the Forest.
The invitation entertainment and party given
last Tuesday night by Royal Circle, Companions
of the Forest, branch of the A. O. F. Friendly
Society. In A. O. F. Hall was a grand affair, the
hall being crowded to its utmost. A splendid
programme was offered and it was 11 o'clock
when the last number was rendered, a banquet
followed the entertainment. Mrs. Tackley pre
sided.
Justice Circle gave a banquet to Its members
and friends last week.
The supreme chief companion bas recovered
from her recent Ulne.ts and was out during the
latter part of the week.
Keeently this order has been receiving quite a
number of new members. Within two weeks
Sherwood and Royal circles each initiated five
members, Justice four and Olympia two. Reports
from the interior sliow that a new interest has
sprung up in the order. Hteps are being taken to
organize a new circle at Point Arena.
On the last of this month there will be "an even
ing with Artemis" by the members of Artemis
Circle in A. O. F. Hall.
Independent Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger G. a. McE.freah of Los An
geles is in this City officially visiting the subordi
nate courts. | J^ast Thursday night Court JVoe Val
ley held an open meeting in his honor and there
was a vert- large attendaiv c There whs a good
literary and musical ; procrs m ie ; and the high
chief delivered an eloquent address. This week
Courts Endeavor, Mission; aud Uo.den Gate will
hold public lueetlngs la their respective halls and
the high chief will visit each. A good programme
has been arranged by each court. - -
The high chief ranger has been a very- active
man in the order and ; to his activity It owes much
of its success in this state. , Us is now serving his
fiftu terra. . Id 1893 he wns elected a delegate to
the Supreme Court that held its session in Chicago
and in 1895 lie was: a representative from this
state to the session held In London.- ling. In 180
he was decorated with the grand cross of merit for
distinguished services to the order, an honor sel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
dom conferred. la 1893 be was awarded a prize
for having organized the largest number of courts
in one jurisdiction. He also holds the office of
Hrigadier-Qeneral of the ivoyai tores. era of Cali
fornia.
The High Court of California will meet in sev
enth annual session at San Jose on the 13th of
next montu.
iJurlns ihe post year the order shows a cain of
15.H78 members. It has a reserve fundof *1,
-89J.782, accumulated daring the past sixteen
years.
Friends of tlie Forest
Pioneer Parlor of this new organization at an
interesting meeting held In St. Geoige's Hall last
Tuesday iult>a ed several members and received
fifteen app'lcations. This parlor is preparing a
fine entertainment In its hall on the evening of
the 29th of ucober, and for which invitations
may be had from members.
A new ritual and pretty and interesting floor
work is belns prepared for the order.
The State organizer reports favorable progress
In various parts of the State.
Imrroved Order of Red Men.
Last Monday evening there was a large attend
ance in the wigwam of Klowa Tribe wheu sachem
Samuels called the braves together. Several pale
faces were admitted luto the tribe. The adoption
ceremony was conferred by the team from Modoc
Tribe on a paleface in a manner that set tbose of
the new trio-- who are to lorni the initiatory team
-.omething to thiiiK about as to the advisability of
entering the conwu for the prize offered by t!ie
Great Council There were present George W.
Collins, U. J 8.; P. L. Bliss. U. S.; J- M. Lackey,
D. D., aad visitors from nearly every local tribe.
Order of B'ne B'rith.
The Past Presidents' Association of this district
met last Saturday night, adopted a constitution
and transac ed business connected w'th the organi
zation of the new body.
The general committee will pay a fraternal visit
to Oakland Lodge shortly after th* close of the
holiday season.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder
Walils visited lone Council, at lone City, last
Monday. They visited the council at Sutter Creek
on Tuesday and on Wednesday visited the coun
cil at Jackson. They send very encouraging re
ports from Amador County.
On the lit!) Ins*. Grand Recorder Wallis was a
visitor to Guardian Council, Los Angeles, and on
that occasion tbe council gave an entertainment
and social to a large number of people.
The open meeting of sunset, Evans and Olive
Branch councils will be held in Alcazar building
on the evening of next Friday.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
A union meeting of the lodges of San Francisco
will be held in the ball of West End Lodge, Tues
day evening. October 20, and on the following
night a reception and ball will be given In Union
square Hall. The grand protector, T. A. Lauder
of Sacramento, will be present.
There were many visitors at the meetlnc of Mag
nolia Lodge las Wednesday evening. One candi
date was initiated.
Grand Guide Mrs. Beverson is at Byron Springs
for several weeks.
Knight* of Honor.
Polar Star Lodge, at its meeting on Friday, the
11th, appointed a committee on revision of by
laws. The lodge was visited by Grand Dictator
Archibald, Grand Gnide Learned and Grand tot
tee George W. Lemonu Last Friday the lodge
listened to an essay read by Philip Prior and to a
lecture delivered by C A. Hextrum.
Last Monday night Yerba Buena Lodge was
entertained by a very interesting lecture by Su
preme Representative M. i,. Crowe, who gave an
account of what he saw on his recent visit to
Louisville, Washington, Philadelphia, JSew Vort,
KnglanU and Scoilund.
Friendship Lodge will, after the Ist of October,
meet on the first aud third Mondays of each
month.
Liberty Lodge received from the Supreme Lodge
$48 to distribute to those members who brongbt
in the greatest number of candidates during the
past term. One member who brought in six re
ceived $18
Tbe open meeting of Center Lo '.gp at Berkeley
last Tuesday was a great success, and was attended
by many visitors frjm Oakland and Alameda,
!)• si i ••» ail tbe grand office. s. The success of this
affair Is due to Thomas Laerned, district deputy
for .\lameua County. There was a fine entertain
ment aud a banquet. A number of applications
were received.
i -ratid Dictator P. L. Archibald and R. A. Sum
mer. D. D., visited Eureka Lodge on Wednesday.
Grand Reporter Johnstone visited Far West
Lodge last Thursday ai-d addressed it. 1 here was
a discussion ou tbe new plan of assessment, and
the opinion expressed was that it will prove a great
benefit to the order.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
■ John A." Logan Council has made arrangements
for an entertainment to be given In East Oakland
on Friday next. . ' "
Alexander Hamilton Council received five ap
plications at its meeting last Thursday night.'. At
the next meeting a number of candidates will be
initiated. . ■■:■■■ ;
Lincoln Council having obtained a ; dispensation
to enable it to receive members at th- same rate
as charter members has received a large number
of applications. At the meeting to be held on the
Ist of October ninety candidates will be initiated.
Martha Washington i ouncll, Daughters of Lib
erty, - gave an entertainment and social to its
friends last Monday night.
Woodmen of the 'World.
On the evening of the 12th of October Golden
Gate Camp, Woodmen of the World, will give a
grand entertainment and ball in tbe main hall of
the Native Sons' Building. The committee of ar
rangements, composed of tbe most active mem
bers of the camp, promise talent of the highest or
der for tbe occasion. Admission will be strictly
by Invitation. This camp, which has a very large
membership, has been increasing so rapidly of
late that it has been found necessary to seek
larger qua: ter.i in the .'- alive Sons' Building. On
October 6th It will move into snasta Hall. . That
event will be celebrated by one of the grandest en
tertainments ever gotten up by a fraternal organi
zation. "
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
California Castle received a visit from Golden
Gate Castle In a body last Monday night and a
pleasant evening was sp nt. A return visit will
be paid in the course of two or three weeks.
Invitations for the party to be given by Califor
nia Castle are being distributed to members of the
order.
California Castle at its last meeting had visitors
irom Colorado and Montana. The grand officers
also attended. _______
Ladles of the Golden Eagle. .-
The hayseed party to be given by the members
of Alpha Temple, Ladles of tbe Golden Eagle, next
Friday evening, promises to be a very pleasant
entertainment. A - very unique programme of
dances has been -designed for the occasion. It Is
on a long strip of straw paper, has a fanciful de
sign at the head, and the several numbers are let
tered in artistic style, snowing that he work was
not done by a "hayseed." A piece of packing
twine I* a substitute for ribbon to hang the pro
gramme. " "
The Druids.
Norms Grove Initiated five candidates ana re
ceived two applications last Friday. - After ad
journment the grove was entertained by Grand
Treasurer E. Goetze.
Schiller Grove of Tacoma, - Wash., has been
receiving many applications.
Celtic and Perseverance groves were consoli
dated last Tuesday. A banquet followed the cere
mony. L. F Dunand, P. N. G. A., presided. -
• Laurel Grove conferred the second and third
degrees at its last held meeting.
The National Union.
Assessment 189 was levied on the 10th inst. and
It will be delinquent October 10.
At a recent meeting of £1 Dorado Council ex-
President Thomas F. Butler was elected captain
of the Initiation team. Last Friday two candidates
were initiated by the new team and the work was
done in a very impressive manner, equal to that of
older councils. The up-to-date regalia presented to
thecouncil by Senator Dreyfus has done much tj
increase the interest in the very impressive work
ol initiation.
American Legion of Honor.
Grand Commander ill ben will visit U verm ore
Council Wednesday.
Grand Secretary Burton visited Yosemlte Coun
cil at Stockton iast week.
Urand Secretary Burton states that the promise
made when the double assessments for August
and September wer- called, that those would mei-t
the accrued indebtedness of the order, has been
kept. There will be but one assessment for Octo
o. r.
During the past week death claims amounting
to $12,0U0 have been paid in this State,
The Grand Orient.
Mnstapha Inquisition No. 1 of this City, having
been reorganize!, will to-morrow evening initiate
more than fifty members in Fra ernity Hall,
Pythian Castle. An iuviuitlon has been extended
to all members ol the former organisitlou to be
present.
Quakers Promoting Knowledge.
At the meeting of the Society of Friends,
held In the Y. M. C. A. rooms yesterday morn
ing, the Rev. Dr. W. L. Birch urped the society
to establish a Ftiends' First Day School, to be
held on t-unday afternoons trom 3 to 4:30
o'clock. As in Great Britain, where such
schools are well attended and officered by
Quakers, he suggested classes for religious,
moral and miscellaneous studies, including
geography, history, astronomy, reading, writ
ing and arithmetic, chiefly for young men.
The meeting was impressed with the sugges
tion and promised to assist Dr. Birch in his
proposed evangelistic and tfnsectarian efforts
at the auditorium.
The Whitney* "Win at Burllngame.
The special lawn tennis match held at Bur
lingame yesterday between Whitney and Whit
ney, the Coast champions, and Taylor and To
bin, for the silver cups offered by the club, was
won by the Whitneys in straight sets. The
score was: 6—4. 6—l, 8-ti. Many old-time
tennis players were in attendance.
GOODWIN SCORES
FATHER YORKE
Refers to Him as the Great
Czar of San Fran
cisco.
THE PETERS OF HISTORY
"If Hudelson Had Confessed to
Yorke All Would Have
Been Well."
QUnZOW OFFERS AN APOLOGY-
Says There Is No Excuse for Depart
ing From the Lines of Decency.
Lady Speakers
The Good Citizenship meeting at Metro
politan Temple yesterday was a success,
both in attendance and number of
speeches. In addition to the reeular ad
vertised lecture by Rev. W. R. Goodwin
on the subject, "Peter, Politics, Prophecy,"
there were nine other speakers, all promi
nent in A. P. A. circles.
Chairman Quitzow in his opening re
marks took occasion to refer to the vulgar
language used by the speaker last Sunday.
Among other things be said:
"These meetings nave been held for two
and a half years; much has been said from
this platform, and things have been said
which would have been better never to
have been spoken. I, as chairman of
these meetings, 'have done all that lay in
my power to keep all utterances made
from this platform within the lines of
sobriety.
"It matters not to what extreme those
who are opposed to tne principles here
enunciated go, that is no excuse lor our
departure from the lines of decency.
"It is not the object oi these meetings to
arouse the hostility of any one. It is our
purpose to try to educate all to a proper
understanding of their condition and to
extend to them a helping hand to extri
cate them from bondage or slavery.
"It is not our object to force our views on
any, but our hope is that our fellow citi
zens may have the intelligence to see the
force of our reasoning.
"No contest of any kind was ever set
tled by a physical conflict, but after said
conflict, the matter in question bas always
been settled by the contending forces con
ferring toge her or by diplomacy.
"All citizens must* b# protected in the
neht to n free and untrammeled exercise
of conscience and expression of their
views, and only by a free exercise thereof
can sage council be arrived at.
"Let us look more in pity than in
enmity upon those who differ with us and
hope that with increasing intelligence
they may come to our way oi thinking."
Mrs. M. £. Richardson, State president
of the Womans' American Protective As
sociation, made a tew general remarks
concerning the recent State convention.
She said the Catholic church was a
greater menace to pure Americanism
than ever slavery had been.
Rev. W. R. Goodwin among other
things said: "One reason I had for being
here this afternoon is that I did not want
to give Peter Yorke an opportunity to say
that I was run off — like for instance,
Brother Uenrv. Now I want to talk a
little about Peter; he was an apostle, you
know. Peter, you know, was unlike the
P<>pe — he was a married man. There are
three Peters known to history — the apostle
Peter, Peter t c Great and Peter the Czar
of San Francisco. 1 believe the latter was
discovered by J. Q. A. Henry. I don't
think ever a man had as many helpers as
he has. He bas a college of priests to go
to, for history, and what they fail to fa'nd
they manufacture.
"There is one thing I don't like aoout
Peter and that is bis temper. He has
called us everything under the sun, and
that reminds me of a remark I heard the
other day. Airieud of mine said that Yorke
was the most reliable man in San Fran
cisco — that is, he would lie to-day and re
lic to-morrow. Now we all know, or
rather the papers say so", tliat Brother
Hudelsoii has not always been what
probably he should have been, but he bas
repented of these sins, and since then has
been a duly credited minister of the Bap
tist church. Now I have an idea that if
Brother HudeJson had made his confes
sions to Father Yorke, he would have
been a very acceptable and altogether
good man."
The speaker then turned his attention to
politics, claiming that it was not the ques
tion of protection or silver that the two
great parties had to combat These were
simply tom-toms intended to distract the
public mind. There was never as much
silver in San Francisco as there is to-day.
"What we need most," he saia, "is to look
after these 3600 saloons in this City and
not the question of silver or protection."
Mr. Goodwin touched but lightly on the
third topic (prophecy) of the subject. He
said that he "might not live to see the
day, but it would surely come, when the
Catholic church would be 'one of us.' "
The other speakers were Miss B. Rum
sey, supreme officer, W. A. P. A.; Mrs
Taylor, San Diego; Mrs. F. M. Smith,
president Council No. 1, W. A. P. A.: Mrs.
A. M. Crosby, president Council No. 11
W. A. P. A.; Mrs. J. C. Young, president
Council No. 20, W. A. P. A.; Mrs. Gingles,
State executive board; Mrs. Lambert
president Council No. 45, W. A. P. A.-
Mrs. Luce, Council No. 19, W. A. P. A.
STABBED IN THE BACK.
Result of a Quarrel Between Albert
Swett and Joseph Bowen.
Albert Swett, a boy 14 years of age, liv
ing with his parents on Broderick street
near Geary, was arrested on Thursday on
Kearny street on. a charge of petty
larceny for stealing a pair of shoes from
H. Paul.
Detec tive Harry Reynolds had a war
rant In his pocket for Swett's arrest on
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon, but it was not till yesterday that
he was identified in prison as the same
boy and he was accordingly booked on the
more serious charge.
Wednesday Joseph Rowen, 14 years of
ape, who lives with his parents on Lily
avenue near Buchanan, attended the fair
in the Mechanics' Pavilion with other
scholars from the H earst Grammar
School. A quarrel arose among the boys
in the fair and when they left Swett and
some others followed them. Swett and
Rowen had some words and Rowen
slapped Swett's face. Swett retaliated by
stabbing Rowen in the back with a pocket
knife and Rowen has been confined to
bed since.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Slßinil, 1896
iv.
Mo.
|Tn.
w.
Th.
I ft.
!Ba.
Moon's Phaa
—
i _
I
I
1
2
3
4
6
A New Moon
»W •',.- Sepu 7. .
__
~~":
7
8
9
10
11
I 12
/**J\Flrß. Quart
vJ/ Sept 13.
U
14
16
16
17
18
19
®
Full Moon
Hept. 21
21
22
23
24
25 |
86
—
/7*\Lui Quarter.
Sept. 29. v
27
28
29
SO
mpisnstion.
Tne arrow flies with >.h* wind. The top flgnret
»t station Indicate maximum temperature for tbe
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths,
during tbe past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equai temperature. The
word "hiKh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usmally accomDanled by fair weather: "low"
refer* to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. w nPn the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "J<.w" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
sble. With a "high" In tbe vicinity of Tdaho, nnd
the pressure falling to the California coast, waruiex
weßther m:iy be expected in summer and coldet
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
trill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department op Anßicui>
Turk. Wkathkr Bureau, San" Francisco, Sent.
20, 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions aud general
forecast : .
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day.
Kureka 64, Red Bluff 74, >an Francisco 70,
Fresno 74, San Luis Obispo 70, Los Angeles 74.
San Diego 72, Yuma 8«. .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 70,
mini mum 58, mean 64.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the country
west of the Rock y- Mountains. Over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope there has been a rise of
nearly. of an inch during the past twenty-four
hours. The area of low pres.-ure has moved north
eastward, passing from Oregon over Northern
Idaho and is apparently, filling up. 'l he pressure
is remarkably uniform over the western half of
the country to-night. There are only • two isobars
29.9 and 30 west of the Rocky Mountains.
■| he temperature has risen rapidly over Northern
Nevada and Northeastern California. It has fallen
decidedly over Arizona.
Thunderstorms h ye occurred at Salt Lake Ci'.y
and Phoenix. ■ There has been a remarkable in
crease In cloudiness along the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending mldnlcht, September 21, 1896: '
Northern- California — Unsettled and cloudy
weather with little air stirring; light northwesterly
winds on the coast. .
Southern Call. ornla— Monday; ' light west
erly 1 nils.
Nevada— lncreasing cloudiness Monday.
Utah— Cloud y and unset, led weather Monday;
continued warm.
Arizona— Cloudy with possible thunderstorms
In the eastern portion Monday;- warmer.
- .San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and unset
tled weatber with little air stirring; light westerly
winds. A. it. McAdtk. 1 ocal Forecast Official.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisoo.
BTKAMER
DKSriSATIOV. |
SAILS.
| PIKK.
WallaWa.la
Arcaia.. ..
City Peking
Co rank
Australia...
A. Blanchrd
P0m0na.....
Star buck....
rarallon
Eureka
Truclceo ....
Columbia...
Orizaoa .
MM Rosa.
Umatllla....
Arago. ..
City Sydney
Vie & P«t Sept2l. 9am I Pier d
Oregon ports . . sSept'Jl, 3pm I Me' 24
Cblna&Japan Sept'2l, Spk PM SS
»^n D1e50....'. S<>pt2vi.llA- PlarlL
Honolulu isept22,loAM Pier 7
Oregon ports.. 6Jept22. spm Pier 13
HumbOldtßay aept22, Ueu Pier •
Cent America. Sept2B,l2 v P M S S
Yaqalna Bay. Sepi24.~ 9am fieri
Newport ...... Sepi24, Dam Pier LL
coos Bay. Sept 24, 2pm pier 8'
Portland S«pt2S.IUAM iMer
Mexico.... Sept2s.lOAM Pier 11
San 1Mec0..... Sept 26. Ham j Pier
Vie* Pgt Bndlsept^tt. 9am Pier 9 2
Coos Bay I Sept2B.lUAU i l-ier 13
Panama. ...... Sept2B,l 2 * it'- PII3B
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stkamkb
Krok
Pdk
City Sydney
Crescent city. . .
Mackinaw
Pomona ........
NewsDoy ......
Karallon
Eureka.. ........
UrnatHla.
C010mbia.......
Doric .....".:
Peter Jebsen...
Truckee ........
WtH'Otl .........
MarlpO3a.
Santa Rosa
A i mo
Del None .-.
North For*
Coos Bay
City Puebla....
State of Cal . . . .
Panama
Crescent City
Tacoma
HnmboldL 8ay. .........
Tiliamoofc
Vaqulna Bay
Newport.
Victoria & Fnget Sound
Portland
Chinaand Japan.
Nanaimo
Coos Bay
Kel River
Sydney
Hau Die«o -
Coo-t Bay
Urays Harbor
Hnmbuldt Bay
Newport
Victoria & Paget Sound
Portland
..Sept 21
..Sept 21
..Sept il
..Uept 21
..Sept 21
..Kept 22
..Sept 22
..Sept 22
..Septa.'
..SeDt 22
..Sep:22
..Sept 23
..Sept S3
..Sept 24
..Sept 24
..Sept 24
..Sept 2 6
..Sept 26
..Sept 26
..Bept 27
..Sept 27
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast asd Gkodktic Subvit TiDRt
BCT-I.ISTTJ* PITBLISHKP BT OrFICIAI, \
Authority oy th«»cphbiste>dist. j
Monday. September 21.
Sun rises 5.58; Moon rises..
Sun sets ti.oß .Mooti sets. B.S6ax
September— 1896.
f. Tlm«
Feet
11211 Fe*t TlTtlg l Feet Tlm "
H VV L Wl H VV
Feet
!0 4731 0.6 i .15 6. Si 6.06
I 6.15 1.0 11.40 t>.s 5.44
'2 6.41 1.5 la.o'J 6.4 6.14
H W L W . H VV
3 0.36 6.0 6.06 2.8 I±2l
14 1.21 4.7 &S1 !d.a 12.40
5 2.10 4.5 B.StS 2.7 1.0-'
» 3.07 4.1 7.24 3.8 l.V7|
~~nsrn77s 574
1.6 11.55 6.2
1.3 ...... ......
L, U
B.b 6.42 1.0
6.5 7.-.-1 '0.8
6.5 B.oa 0.7
5.5 8.48 - 0.7
Not»— In th* above exposition of the tides the
tariy morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and th« nuccessive tides of the day in tbe
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. Th» heights given are additions to the
soundings on th. United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes th»
neigh;, and then the number given is subtract! v«
from the deinh given by ihe charts-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. September 2a
Stmr Noyo. Levinson. IB hoars from Fort Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J S Kirn ball.
stmr Corona, Hall, 60 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
* Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 28 hours from TJsal : 310
Mft lumber, to Usat :edwool Lumoer Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, *2<> hours from Albion;
40 Mft luinoer. to Albion Lumber Co; 320 eds
bark, to Beadle & Co.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, 74 boars from Tillamook.
264 M ft lumber, to Iruckee Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, 18 lionrs from
Moss Landliw; Droriuce, to Goodall. Perkins <fe Co
Stmr City of Sydney, Johnston, 22 days fm
Panama and way ports; pass and mdse, to P M 8 8
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, from Port Clarence
vlaChignlk Bay; 21,515 cs salmon, 23,150 pounds
whalebone, 2380 pounds l<orv, 7 bearskins and l
ca«k white foxsUns. to Pacific Steam Whaling Co
Schr Mary C, Campbell, b hours from Boa&*a
— bxs butter, to Ross <£ Hewlett.
Schr Mary Buhue, Ramselius. 3 days from
Eureka: lumber and shingles, to Chas Neison
Schr R W Bartlett, Olsen, a days from Port
Blakeley; «7ft M ft lumber, to Remo'n, Holmes <fc
Schr Amethyst. Sorland, 10 days from Walds
port: 114 Mft lumber, 500 eds chittan bark to
H'imboldt Lumber Co.
Bchr Aloha, Dabel 29 days from Honolulu
sugar, to Williams, Dlmond <fe Co.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, September 20,
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Htmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Weeott. Whitney, Eel River.
Btmr Westport, Jacobs. Wenport.
Stmr San Beulto. Smith, Tacoma.
Stmr Geo Loom'.s. Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Jansen, San Pedro.
Bktn Gardiner City. Masters. Santa Rosalia.
Schr Lcttitia, Asplund. Portland.
Schr Corinthian. Zaddart. Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
> olfgr.iphic.
POINT LOBOS, SeDl. 20—10 p. M.— Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
Spoken.
Scot 12— Lat 88 26 >', long 141 26 W, Br ship
Valkyrie, from Santa Rosalia.
Sept IS— Lat 87 24 N, long 13H 18 W, schr Com
peer, from Pumas Arenas, for San i ranclsco.
Domestic Ports.
HARDY CREEK— 3aUed Sept 20— Stmr Cleone
for San i-ranclsco.
ÜBEENWOOD-Salled Sept 20-Stmr Whltes
boro. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 20— Schr San
Buenaventura, from Rertondo.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Sept 16-Brship
Drumcltff. trom Port Los Angeles: b»rk Tidal
Wave, rrom San Pedro: bark Germania, heuce
Aug 20.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived sept 20 — chr Comet.fm
Port Gamble; schr Bertba Doibeer, from Kureka.
YAQVIXa BaV— -ailed Scpi. aO— Stmr Faral
lon, for ban Francisco.
ASToRIA— Sailed Sept iW Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; Br stmr Calttagong, for Hong
kong.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 19— Schr J A
Campbell, from Newport.
foreign Ports.
VICTORIA- \ rrlved Sept 16— Br ship Calthnes
snlre, from Acapuico.
VALPARAISO-Sallei Sept 20-Chil ship Ema
Luisa.
Importation*.
AMESPORT— Per Santa Cruz— l7s sks barley,
4VO ska oats. 14 sks oeans, 25 pkgs cheese, 43 sks
green peas, 4 bis butter.
Cruz— 2 brass cannon, 40 bxs apples, 1 bx
books. 1 bx flsh. 1 bx outter, 8 bxs apples, 1 pkg
mdse.
hoquel— l bbl pork, 112 bxs apples, 8 bxs pears.
Watsonviile— 67l sks oa:s.
MoroCojo— 70 sks oats, 3632 sks barley, 1387
sks potatoes.
-Moss Landlng-20sks nat 3. I cs eggs.
FORTBKAGG-P-r Xoyo-4 bxs fruit, 172,090
ft lumber, 100 Mshlngies, Ibx chickens. 5 pkgs
mdse.
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— 2 mats cinnamon, 1
crtc rails, S bxs nicWe:-ln-the-slot machines, 10
bbls tailow, 19.' bdls hid»s, 1 bx seea, 2 horses. :*
sks groceries. 1 bx bolts, 1 wooden tank, 1 pkg
castings, 2 bxs gauges, 123 bis oranges, 12 cs
mdse. 9 sks mustard, 1 bx stationery, 1 bdl bak
inij powder 319 b.xs lemons, 25 bdls 29 pcs pipe,
1 lot household furniture, ill bdls fl*h. 20 bxs
chocolate, Ics syrup. 2 cs tobacco, 3 csclothing,
20 pkgs mdse, 1 bdl hoops.
Newport— 2 pkgs mdse, 3 bxs canned goods, 18
bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via Redondo-10 cs pickles, 2 bbls
0 S oacks. 5 bbls castings. 1 cs drugi, 1 bx fittings
5 cs chocolate, 1 bbl copperware, 9 cs bacon, 1 lot
laundry -Machinery.
Redondo-9 oxs E paint, 1 bbl rubber hose, 1 cs
basing powder, 1 bx hats, 8 bxs lemons, 4 pkgs
mdse, Is bis orances.
Santa Barbara-5 cs olive oil, 8 pkgs mdse. 215
oxs lemons, 1 coop chickens. 16 sks crawfish, 2
bxs fish.
Port Los Angeles— l 3 bxs lemons, 1 pkg mdse.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 2o pkgs mdse
io bxs lemons. 116 crts bicycles. 30 cs bicycle
parts, 1 cs oil, 1 bdl rubber hose. 90 bxs ornnges,
1 c* baseball bats, 1 v.se, 96 .-.ks around coffee, 2
bxs hardware, 80 sks dried fruit,
s »u Luis ODispo— l7ls sks barley.
Rocksidln.-— IOBO sks bituminous rock.
Arroyo Grande— 6s sks beans, 1856 sks barley.
Santa Maria— 6oa iks wheat, 706 sks barlsy, i! 49
sks beans.
Los Oiivos-3887 slcs wheat.
Port Harford-2 coops chickens. 1 bx clothing. 8
dressed calves, 43 bdlsNdes, ft bxs butter. 9 sk<
dried apricots. 20 cs eggs. 85 sks drl;-a prunes, 8
bxs dried pears. 280 bxs apples. 2 pk^s wasn
boards. 1 nk peanuts, \bx snoes, 14 bxs seed, 4
bxs green fruit, 2 pkgs mdse, 6 bxs flsh.
Consignee*.
Per Santa Cruz-H Dutard; Norton, Teller <fc Co:
Marshall. Tegcart <fe Co : WolfA^on; J Mitchell:
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association-
Standard Oil Co : McDonough dtßunyon: i>un"«lo
Brewery: LG Sresovich <fe Co; A Galll Fruit Co:
Goodall. Perkins <fe Co; A W Kink A Co; F Ham
mer: Martin. Feusier&Co: Wheaton, Brton&Co;
Garcia* Maggini; Herman Joos- : D Biagl A Co:
G R Starr & Co: J H Kesslns: M T Freitas & Co;
Brlgham, HopDe ,t i-o: Mlna^er efc w el banks.
Per No.vo— Eveleth <fc Nash: Louis Haroni A Co:
Enterprse Brewery: .1 H Newbauer & Co: Union
Lumber Co; W F Ayres.
Per Corona- National Ice Co: American Union
Fish Co: J B In uella: Pacific C >a*u Fish Co; John
Aslburj?: EJ Bowen* Co; Enterprise Brewery-
Milwaukee Brewery: Marshall, Teggart fc Co: E
Dallemand <fc Co: Williams <fe Marvin: Rothschild
4 Co; Baker A Hamilton: HDntart; WmCllne;
Russ, banders* Co; Wheaton. Kreon ACo : W F
Mlicnell: Bisslnger A Co: Brlgham, HoppeA Co;
Western Meat Co: Hllmer. Brediiorf <S --cnulz; G X
Starr A Co; B G Ruhl A Co; Norton, Teller A Co-
Wltuel A Baker; D E Allison A Co : S Silverberg-
L D stone A Co; L G Sresovich A Co; E G Lyojis:
SP Milling Co; Slnshelmerßros; Jonas Krlan^er
A Co: G W Me Near: Pacific Paving Co: Buffalo
Brewery: E G Lyons; Stetaon-Renner Drava -c > o-
Fredericksoure Brewery; Philadelphia Brewery;
Garcia AMaggini; J Ivancovich A Co:Mllanl ACo-
A Paladini: Gray A Barbiert: G Camlllonl A Co: J
W sheppard: A Levy A Co; Levi Spiegel ACo; G
HTay&Co; Kobler A Fronllng Overman Wheel
Co: LScatenaACo: Boston Woven Hose and
Rubber Co; Bcirneil A Co; Haas. BBruch A Co: W
Fle.sner: Wood. Curtis A Co: Porter Bros A Co; J
A Folder A Co: Na.ioual Brewery: Geo Herman;
Pacific Ammonia and Ctiemica. Works; Johnson-
Locke Me cantileCo; Troy Laundry Co: E J Cal
ley: Eveleth A Nash: J J Crow ACo: M Devltt: s
Bonaett; Knudsen A Infold: Hnrrv Lederer; J W
Krans; *Ja oo.t : Stauffer Chemical Works: MF
Cabrali: Gould A Jaudin: ->»n Francisco Krewing
Co; D Ghirardelh; N Burnett; C H Smith; Union
Lithographing lo; Wellman, Peck ACt ; Inmel A
Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co; A C Nichols A Co: J
Lit.le Wolf A Son: H O Greenbood; Price Baking
FovvderCo; W B Sumner A Co: Dalton Bros- Peo
ple's Express; Waterhouse A Les.er: Haas Bros.
fbr lAtie Shipping Intrlii<j, nr * Sff Eleventh trtoe.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, (L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, f| by
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
a. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. at 10 a. x. Special party rates.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
15. at '_' p. m.
: Line to ARDIB, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. - - : .
J. D. SPRKCKELB * BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAUT
STEAMERB WILL SAIL FROM _/fcfi*_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, m nxilff
follows: .
For Mary Island, Lorinir, WrangeL Juneau, Kll-
lisneo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. x., Sept. 11, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and ;
New W atcom (BelllnKham Bay, Wash.), 9a. X.
B^pt. 1, 6, 11, 1(>, '21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. B.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with Q.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. -J, 6. 10, 14,
18. 22, 1:6. 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
• For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San LuU Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
B°pt. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter. -. -•;• ■ .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
relts, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. x. Sept. 2, b, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 80 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For I nsecada. San Jo«e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas ami Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25tb of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New ! Montgomery
Street. Q»« 11. tfi< l)M«ii*l'l» II BBB»awß>^t^a»Sas)>Ml9Bßa
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
■' ; 10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
JF'Ort.Tlji AJ>tf ID
* From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. x.
1? A "PT?/812 First-class \ Including
£ AJlJiriiS;; Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, IS
State of California... Sept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
' Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applca-
lion to " .
F. F. CONNOR. Gene~al Agont,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <fe CO.. Superintendents
COJIP.W JIE GENERAL TR.WSATL
' French Li-n-: to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER NORTH j^n
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -s3ib*W
this line avoid both transit by English railway
the discomfort or crossing the channel in a snuu
boat. New Yore to Alexandria, Egypt via Part*
: itrst-ciass $100: second-class, *llu.
LA GASCOUNE.. Sept. 26, S A. X.
LA BRETAGNE.. Oct. 3.7 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....Oct. 10, 3 a. m.
LA TOURAIX 1 -.. ............. .....Oct. 17. 6 A. M.
LA BOURGOGNK ....;......... Oct. 24, 1 p.m.
. ■tar For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York. -
J. F. FUOAZI A CO., Ausnts, ft Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. '. ..
ROYAL MAIL STEAI PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS • LKAVK ASPINWALL S&rgk-
fortnightly for the West Indies and Afififl
Southampton, ■ calling ■en route at - . Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with ths
Pacitic Mall 8. 8. Co.; issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
- Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton.. First class, $195; third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
JVARROTT A CO., Agents.
■ . ■ - - ■ ■ «n<: (■»!) Umlaut.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St
At 6 P. 31. Dally. Jfreijcht' received no
to .:30 F. M. • - .•■■;■ .
S3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'lue only line matins through rates on Valley
Road freight. ■-...» .-■■>-. ./ ■ - ~<
. STEAMERS:
T.C.Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, .-. . City of Stockton.
■Telephone Main 805. , Cau Nay. and Impu Uo
US. YARD. MARK ISHSD, VALLEJO/
•Benifia, *Pnrt f^ia; *freck>« and *Valena. .
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. x. (Saturdays ••10:30
m.), 3:30 p. x. ; Sundays 8 P. x. only. . Offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. ■ Telephone Black
261.' ■'.:;_ . __ v . HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 p. x. trips on'.y.
i •• Excursion trip. Gives 5 ljoura at Nary-yard.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. "■_'■ \
B«tTHKBN PACIFIC COMPANY.
'■'- - ■;. '- (PACIFIC illfirrEM.) " 4
■ Trnlß« leave «*ml »re ilno to j»rrl»« sit
, MAN ; FUANCiISiO.
LEAVE — FnoM September 3. 1306. ■— ■ Ar.nivi
~ «6:OOa Niles, San joe and ay Stations... 8:45 a
• ' 7:<>Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ojilon and Kast.. 8«15p
7:00 a Benida. Vacavilie, Rums:y, Sacra-
mento, Orovilla and Redding via
. DaTb .....:.... 6:43p
. V:«Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
Bj3oa Nilcs, San - Joso, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
Ulnir.: 4«l»p
•S: SO a Peters and Milton....^. "7:15?
9:O«a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara anil l.o* Angelta -t:43p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:45 a
9:OO\ Vallejo •••• 6:15p
l:OOp Nilcs, San Joso and LlTcrrnore 8:43 a
•I:OOp Sacramento IMtot Btoamcrs *0:OOp
:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:43p
4:OOr Martinez, Kau Kainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistogii, I.l Verano and
Santa Kosa W*"i:" •«;••%• " 9:15 *
Beuicia, VacavUle, L3parto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys- 2 .
■ Tille OroTille andHacraiiicnto.... 10:45*
4:BopNi!ei, San Jose, Livermoro and »
Stockton • :••;:- 7:13p
4:30p Merced, Bcrenda, Raymond (for
Yoreraitc) and Fresno ............ 1 1 »45 a
5««»p New Orleans ■|-:»pro-'a.l 'rcsuo.Bat33- i ;
Uclil, SanU U:irFjara,Jx>3 Aiigules.
Ecsiiig, El Vaso, New Orleans and '
East..... - I«il3a
SiOOp Santa Fo lloute, AtlftuUc Impress •*■-"_
for Mojave and Eos! \ ? l > 5 A '
5:00p VaUejo.. • l i s l5 A
6:00 - Kuropcan Mail, Ogden and Kast.... :^ t **
6:00r H;iywards, NiK-suiid San J05e. ..... ™*
J7:OOp VaUejo .......;... t'*4sp
7>OOp Orcgou JCxprcsa, Sacramento, Marys-
villo. Raiding, Portland, l'uget
.Soiindand Kast.... v.. ........... 1O;4»A
SANTA <:ittl/i IHVlNljjNjjiarrow t^auge).
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ' JB«osf
■tlSANewark,Centerville,San.To»e.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations... s»s©*>
♦»:13p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
' .' . '-■ '.-. Almadeu, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ..........MI:2OA
4:l3i» Newark. San. and I.oh C.'atos 9:30 a.
COAST 1U VISION ( Hi i ill A Townscmt Six.) *
*U:4sa San Joso ami Way Maiions (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... 9:47 a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Scnta Cruz. Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JBiS3i»
8: 1 3 a Han Jose, Ties Pinus, Hunta Cruz,
Vacilin Grove, Paso Rubles, - San
Luis Ohispo. Guadalupo and Prin- •
cipal Wny SliiUous 7:03p
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations t«s3op
l«:l«»\ San iiikl Way Ht.itioiis 3:« Op
I1::;Oa Palo Alto and Way Kt.al.iosm 3<3op
■2:»UrBnn Mate", Mcnlo Park, San .lose,
. . . ..Gilrov, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Mout prey and i'acilicCJiovo "1O:4OA,
•8:il«p San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
StaUoiiß ..; •1:SOf
*4:30 i« San Joso ami Way Stations »»:OO\
3:30p .San. lose nnd Principal WayStatlous "9:48 a
«::iOi> San Jose mid WayKtaMons.... «:»3.v
tllt-l.li* Ban Jose itinl Wav Sta! ions ..... t7:43p
SAN LtA.\L,KO AMl> HAtWAItO.S LUIAL
i*«i:OOAV  ( 7:15 a
8:00 a (9:43 a
io.'ooa Melrose, Seminary Park, Jilist
'"iSSp Fitchb«r«r,S.»Le.ndro *g§&
3:00p ! "■'•/■■- an d . ***•>*
4:00p f 0:45p
5:OOp A;' ; H,i«.ra« 6:13p
5:30p Haywaras. 7:*.jp
■ ■' 7:«0p ' " 8:43p
„ 9:43p
9-OOp < Runs through to Nile*. 1O:5Op
>t»':lspJ From Niles. »»12:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSAH FRANCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8) —
' •7:16 ' 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 t3:00
-1:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
rromOllOAHD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 ■•1:00 t8:00 *3:00 tt:OO
•*5:OOr.M. --■■•■■ ' ■ _^__^
A for Morning. P or Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. - ' t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. . ' " ,
. It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SMFR.WCISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
' San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:80, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33
- 3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. -Thursdays— Extra trip
. at 11 :30 p. x. . Saturdays— trips ac I :sa
and 11:30 p. it ■
SUNDAYS— 9:80, 11:00 a. x.; 1:30, 3:3(*
6:00, 6:20 p. K.
i San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a ir •
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 P. it Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1 :55 p. v. and 6:35 p. m.
BUND AYS— ©-.ad, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:40,
o *00 t 6 125 F* m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. »— <»
San Francisco. %£**£. , San Frl'n?lsca
Wekk I Sun- u^fa^ioj. Sun- I Wkbk"
Days. I days, destination. DAYB^ | DAy^
7:30 am 1 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 AH 8:40 Ait
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 a «
5:10 5:00 pm Santa, Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 rx
~~ ~ • Fulton, ~~ ! ""
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbnr?,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
I ■ Pieta, . : : ~ '
7:30 am 1 Hopland <fe 10:10 am n
3:3opm 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pi
7:30 am " ~ ' 10*10 aic
7:30 am Gnerneville. 7:80 pm
S :3O pm 6:15 pac
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
" . and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Gleu Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pic
slgB£jEgi£| se^opoi. pssgsrgjgjsj
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservlile for Skaqrcs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and JLakenorc ac
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
alley. John Day's, .Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
tMirs, Sanhedrin Heights, Ilullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westport, U i. Wlllet*. Cahto. Co"
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo.
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle hntldln*.
H. C WHITING, R, x. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Trains leave and arrive »t R§s|j!i?p§ Slab]
Market-Street Ferry. Sk^^bß
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago »ia A. * I\¥§Esg£ Su^l
I>ir«<-r Line Mo<£^^9(p
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carryiuK • Pullman
Palace Drawing-room : Sleepers, also Modern I p.
bolsterfd Ton rut Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charge of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Su Louis. *
Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Ciiy, Chicago, Montreal and the While
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from Calliornia to tbe East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. ..
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building;. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing s*pt. 13, 1893.
WEEKDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and ban Hafael— »7:2s, »9:15,
11: A. M. »1:45, 3:45, •5:15.*j:40,« :30 M.
Extra trips for Bin Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays ac 11 -.30 p. m.
; SUNDAYS."
For Mill Valley and « San Kafael— *B:oo. *10 :00
•11:30 a. m.: *l : ::0, 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. x.
Trains marked » run to Han Uuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. x.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. x Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days. ' . ■ ■ : • ..' *
'i orCazadero and wav stations— 7:2s a. x. week-
days; 1:45 p. x. Saturdays. .
MOUNT MALPAIS.
cL^^ai^^df* with Nort^ :p « «
WEKK DAYS-Leave &F. 9:1"5 a. v. 1-45 p it
oV-« 1 to nln *- Ar " * 8 - *'• 3:25 p *■ 6:20 p m
SLNDAYS-LeaveS.P.BA. M 11:30 a. x 1-3opx
Beturnins-Arrive 5.F.1:15 p.x 4:20 x 7 : 35 Im*
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley / grMJliiliftlt
MUlV^^Motu^T^g^^H^y
FOR SASJONE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
QTKAMER ALVIBO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
7j. at J O^ M - < Sunda y 3 excepted); Alviso da^ly a 5
7P. x. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
ouc, to san Jose, 75c. «an Francisco and "ll^
ouc, to Han Jose, 75c Clay at.. Pier l «jq vtSENATOR DENISON
MAKES A DENIAL
Was Not "Stood Up" and
Forced to Declare for
Perkins.
DID NOT BIND LEAVITT.
Both Men D-rclare That They
Are Absolutely Unpledged and
Will So Remain.
WILL NOIL RETRACT A WORD.
Soma Livt»y Speaking Promised at
the Republican County Convention
in Alameda To-Day.
Oakland Office Sax Prascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 20 J
Several of the men who are opposed to
to-morrow's convention indorsing Senator
Perkins were actively working to-day cor
rectinc a false story printed in to-day's
Examiner.
According to the publication, Senator
Denison was approached by "a vigilance
Ex-Mayor M. C Chapman, Who Was the First Oakland Republican to
Oppose Senator Perkins* Indorsement by the County Convention.
Republican committee," who demanded
of him that he support Senator Perkins.
The report read;:
The fight grew warm in the afternoon, and
a number of gentleman constituted them
selves a sort of impromptu Republics vigi
lance committee. They found state Benator
Eli B. Denison at the polls. Giles H. Gray,
A. L. Fish, W. R. Thomas, Edward Everett,
Frank Smith and a number of others sur
rounded the old Senator and demanded to
know what he meant b>- his recent assertions
that he would not support Perkins.
"Will you support George C. Perkins for
United States Senator?" demanded Frank
Smith,
Denison looked around at tbe gentlemen
who surrounded him, and he said, "I wllL"
"How do you explain your speech before
the Fourth Ward flub a few nights aeo?" de
manded Mr. Everett.
But Senator Denison did not explain it. He
simply got from under the Perkins landslide
and reiterated that he was going to support
Mr. Perkins and that Mr. Leavitt would sup
port Mr. Perkins. Then he left.
"It is easier to explain Mr. Denison's sudden
change of heart at a primary electiou where
he w»s being attacked than it is to explain his
former speecn," said Mr. Everett.
"That statement fs a deliberate lie,"
said Senator Denison this afternoon. "I
paid no such thing and until I vote for a
United States Senator nobody will know
who I am going to support. lam abso
lutely unpledged at this time and shall
continue so, and I would like to see the
men that would stand me up and force me
to retract anything that I have said.
"I have do idea of taking back a single
word that I have uttered regarding Sena
tor Perkins. I repeat that at this time we
need a Senator with a well-defined plan.
Senator Perkins favors a free-s-.lver man
ana freetrade from San Francisco, a
iunding-biil man and a geld man from
Sacramento and an anti-funding-bill man
and gold man from here. If that is Re
publican doctrine it is not my kind. Ev
erything I said at the Fourth Ward Club
meeting I still adhere to.
"1 am on record regarding the funding
bill, and so is my Republicanism on rec
ord, and no man is going to sway me one
way or the other. The policy of Senator
Perkins is not the kind that appeals to
ray best judgment."
Frank M. Leavitt, who will be nomina
ted to-morrow from the Forty-eighth As
sembly Dist.ici, is highly indignant at the
statement that Senator Denison had
pledged him to Perkins.
"I am pledged to nobody," said Mr.
i,eavitt to-day, "and I do not believe that
Senator Denison said any such thing. I
made my fight with an übsolutely un
pledged ticket, and no one is authorized
to speak for me.
•'f am not any more anti-Parkins than I
am 'anti' anybody else. I am footloose
and refuse to be dictated to. I did not
use any money in my fight, as I had none
for carriages or printing or anything else,
because 1 did not have any, and I am
indebted to nobody."
M. C. Chapman, who was the first man
to say a word against P rkins, said 10-day
that be had not a word to retract. He
said he knew that the story of Senator
Denison having been pulled down was not
true, as Denison is not built way.
Death of a >Vwip«per Man.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Kept. 20.— Charles H.
Wall, for a numner of years advertising
agent of the St*n Francisco Report, died at
his residence, 1718 Arbor street, this morn
ine of heart trouble, superinduced by an
attack of paralysis which came on two or
three months aeo. He bad been a resi
dent of this city for seven and a half
years and was the secretary of the 6eal
Rock Lodge, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, of this place His relatives reside
in the Kast. The remains wiM be shipped
to Wisconsion to-morrow. He leaves a
widow und one yon, about 6 years of age.
Hin Infant Daupiiter Dead.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 20.— Byrel, tbe
■ nfant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James
Drake, died last night alter a short illness.
Mr. Drake is the Port Steward at Colon,
having left his family here until he be
came settled in hig new home. Ke will
not be able to come home. The interment
will take olace in Mountain View Ceme
tery to-morrow. •
The Convention on Tap.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 20.— Everything
is in readiness lor the County Convention
to-morrow morning. The last touches
were put upon the hall to-day. The Ala
meda deleeates caucused this* morning in
the Republican headquarters and will vote
as a unit.
Jtt»y Veto It
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 20.— The ordi
nance regulating the sale of milk and the
inspection of cows will in all probability
be vetoed by the Mayor to-morrow. He
says be thinks it is a matter that should
be regulated by statute, and as a Dill cov
ering the matter will probably be intro
duced at the next Lenislature, he does not
think it wise to take hasty action. Mayor
Davie's ideas are partly based on the re
port of somy physicians who are far from
being a unit in their estimates of the value
of the tuberculin test.
Reception to Hilborn.
OAKLAND, Cal-, Sept. 20. — The
Woman's Republican Club will tender a
reception to Congressman S. G. Hilborn
to-morrow evening at the Army and Navy
League Hall on Eighth street. Among
the speakers will be Major Frank Me-
Lauirhlin, Judge H. TaJbott and Hop.
James Stephens. A fine -musical pro
gramme has been prepared.
A Little Scrimmage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 20.— During the
process oi an election squabble on tbe
street to-day P. J. Keller and W. Moore
enta^ed in a heated argument and Moore
produced a knife. Keller took it from
him and iriends prevented any further
trouble. No arrest was made.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 20 —"Madame
Sans Gene" will open at the Macdonough
to-morrow for three nights. All tbe orig
inal scenery will be used and the great
cast insures a splendid production. Tbe
advance sale has been large and there wil 1
be large tftuses.
WILL SING AND DANCE.
Berkeley College Students to
Give a Musical
Show.
Ed Voilner Has a Peculiar Experience
With a Tippling Highway.
man.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 20.— The stu
dents of the university will give a big
minstrel show next Tuesday evening at
Sbattuck Hall for the benefit of the East
ern track team. Seventy performers will
furnish amusement for the audience. The
University Glee Club will sing and instru
mental music will be furnished by the
mandolin and the banjo clubs. Alex.
PkOsborougb, Jack Cathcart ana Sidney
Rborer, three well-known amateur come
dians, will assist in making the minstrel
show a success.
A whole host of funny things are ex
pected from Jo Rosborough and Dixwell
Davenport, who are billed for end men.
Fred Knight '98 and Wedemeyer '98 will
render solos and "Brick" Morse, under
whose management the show is being
conducted, will deliver one of his comic
short speeches. When tbe colored min
strels, wno will black up for the occasion,
have concluded their performance an
"afterpiece" entitled "The Trials of a
Freshman" will be rendered by Bake '96,
Starr '98, Broughton '00, Russell '98. Smith
'97, Carr '99 and Davenpon '98. llosbor
ough and Catbcait have a burprise id store
for the audience and several other features
are promised for the evening.
The students nave been preparing for
this show for the past month, having
practiced regularly three times a week.
The mandolin and banjo clubs will make |
their first public appearance on that even
ing. The affair promises to be much of a
social event, and a large number of the
friends of the university, both Ironi Oak
land and San Francisco, wiil be present.
Young Voilner Held Up.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 20.— Ed Voll
ner, a prominent member of the North
Berkeley Fire Company, had an experi
ence last night which he does not care to
have repeated very soon. He was driving
into Oakland by the w«y of Shattuck ave
nue and when near one of the Portuguese
vegetaole gardens in the suburbs of Berke
ley was held up by a man who demanded
money with which to buy a meal.
Voilner declared be was "broke," but
said he bad something in his rig which
might do as a substitute for a meal.
Handing the highwayman a flask of
liquor, he drank near y all of it, put the
bottle into his pocket and told Voilner to
arive on. The frightened fireman whipped
up his animal and was toon out of si ht,
Laving the libation-loving road-walker
behind.
Berkeley Delegate!.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 20—Following
are the delegates elected at yesterday's
primary, who will go to the convention in
Alameaa to-morrow as a unit in favor of
Fred S. Stratton for the Senatorship:
Harry J. Squire*, John Finn, Frank M.
W.I sou, Joseph Mcglain, J. M. Oliver
Howard* E. Wright, X. F. Graber, H. M*
Waterbury, Robert Easton, John K. Stew
ait, Whitney Palache, Anson S. Blake
Harry L. Waste, Wellington Gregc, D. s!
Adams, J. H. Bennett, Joseph Stapletqn
H. D. Irwin, Thomas Dowd, J. F. league
C. R. Brown, George P hillip*.
# THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
CHIEF LLOYD HAS
RAISED A STORM
Christian Endeavorers Not
an Independent
Body.
SUBJECT TO THE PASTOR
Saturday's Primary Brought
Conflicting Republican Ele
ments Together.
HARMONY FOR THE PARTY.
Decadence of Democracy Shown by
Contrasting Its Last Two County
Conventions.
Oakland Officb San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 20. j
When the letter of Chief of Polic- Lloyd
to the City Christian Endeavor Union is
brought up for discussion next week the
writer will find that he has raised a point
upon which there are many different and
pronounced opinions. Since its publica
tion it has been referred to by pastors and
at various gatherings in an informal way,
and as a rule the general tenor of Chief
Lloyd's remarks has not been appre
ciated.
In brief, the Chief, who is himself an
Endeavorer, says that the organization
should sing and pray Isss, and do some
practical work. His comparison to sol
diers who wou.'d do everything but win
battles is particularly unrelished.
One of tbe most prominent men in the
city union 6aid this week that the Chief
has a wrong idea and evidently believes
that the Christian Endeavor body is an
independent body. This is not the case,
as the various societies are tributary to
the various churches with which they are
affiliated and must submit their plans for
the approval of the pa>tora. An attempt
to take independent action two years ago
resulted in the liveliest times the Chris
tian Endeavor has experienced in this
city. Under tbe circumstances it is saia
that the proper thing for Chief Lloyd to
have done would have been to send his
recommendations to the various cUurches
and by them submitted to the Endeavur
era. While there are a few who agree
with the views of the Chief there are many
who resent his interference. Mr. Lloyd's
ideas were very clearly expressed in his
letter. He thinks the Christian Endeavor
Union could easiiy found and maintain a
home for waits and little folks who for
\arious reasons find their way to tne City
Prison. The city union is an executive
body composed of delegates from all tbe
societies affiliated with the Oakland
churches and when the letter comes up
there will be a very lively debate.
Never before has a convention in Ala
meda County opened with as much uncer
tainty as the Republican County Conven
tion which will assemble in Alameda to
morrow morning. Broadway was a con
tinuous political gatberin to-day from
noon until past midnight, and when tbe
ghostly hour passed the political managers
withdrew into the various olubrooms and
continued their deliberations. With the
exception of Fred H. Stratton no one is
absolutely certain of a nomination. Tbe
two wings of the parly are more in harmony
now than they have been fur some time. So
many representatives of different elements
united on Stratton that many of tbe old
differences have been healed, and there is
less of a split now than there has been for
two years.
No doubt the common Presidential ban
ner under which all are working has a
great deal to do with the present har
monious feeling. Of course there are still
a few purely local differences, but when
Erail Nusbaumer and George C. Pardee
can come together, even on a Senatorial
candidate, there is not a very bad fissure
in the party.
No one who attended the two conven
tions held yesterday could fail to note that
there was more confusion than fusion.
This was most noticeable among the
Populists, as they have not yet learned
tbe art of politics so completely as tbe
Democrats. In tbe Populist convention
there were two elements, and they talked
and fought from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. and
broke the time record for a county con
vention.
The Democrats were more politic. Their
leaders are trained politicians, and they
willingly sacrificed tne greater portion of
the county nominations in return for the
Populist support of Enßlish for Congress.
But they are far from a unit in the mat
ter. The effect of harmony was produced
by the absence of the Daggett ring, and as
there was no one to quarrel with there
was no quarrel. No one was deceived,
however, for tbe iion and the lamb in
politics in this county do not lie down
side by side.
Two years ago the Democratic County
Convention at San Leandro was an event
to be remembered. There was as enor
mous crowd and chaotic enthusiasm and
a keen fight for every office. Yesterday
there were about 100 delegates, nearly as
many proxies, no lobby and a chairman
who had to pause when Bryan's name was
mentioned and wait for some faint-hearted
applause. The ranks of the Democracy have
considerably thinned out since Cleveland
was cheered to the echo two years ago at
San Leandro.' S. W. B.
News Notes of Interest.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 20.— 1t is expected
that plans ior the eight-room school building
to be erected on Dwlglit way at a cost of
$15,000 will be opened at the regular meeting
of the Board of Education to-morrow evening.
W. L. Mecum, deputy high ranger of the in
dependent Order of Foresters, is in Berkeley
for the purpose of establishing a local court of
the order.
Rev. C. C. Harriett, who recently came to
San Francisco for the purpose of establishing
a Bible seminary, preached this morning at
the South Berkeley Presbyterian Church.
A protest against the laying of a cement
siaewßlk on Bhattuck avenue, between Vine
and Virginia streets, has been filed with the
Town Clerk.
Lieutenant Wlnn of the military depart
ment at the State University has arranged to
have the battalion go through the ceremony
of guard mount next Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons. Lieutenant Case will be officer of
the day.
Professor Edward Bull Clapp, of the depart
ment of Greek at the State University, gave
tbe second of his lectures on the "Greek New
Testament" at the First Congregational
Church to-day.
The gold Democrats at the State University
are preparing to organize a club. The matter
is in tbe hands of Rainey '98 and Buhh '93.
Judge C. R. Lord, one of the present Justices
of the Peace in Berkeley, has announced him
self as a candidate for re-election to represent
the East End. and Judge s. A. Pennell is a
candidate (or the West End Justiceship.
The electric lights of Berkeley will be ran
ning all night d> October 1, when the Oak
land circuit will be extended to the university
town.
The faculty of the university have recom
mended to the committee of the Regents on
buildings and ground* that three tents with a
seating capacity of 500 each be erected near
North and South hall. The committee will re
port their action in a few da/g.
Extensive preparations are being made for
the German garden fete for the bent-fit of the
Children's Hospital, which will take place
next Saturday at the residence of Mrs. Ben
Morgan on Charming way.
SKEPTICS DI COMFITED.
Miss Freitag Gives Teata Before the
Spiritualists' Association.
The regular afternoon and evening
meetings of tne California State Spiritual
ists' Association were held at Qolden
Gate Hall yesterday, but failed to attract
large audiences in spite of the moderate
price cf admission. This induced the
chairman, H. C. Wadsworth, to comment
unfavorably last night upon the apathy
displayed by the great mass of the com
munity toward things spiritual.
Miss Freitag, the medium, gave many
remarkable tests at bot h seances, and suc
ceeded in discomfiting more than one skep
tic, to the no small delight of the audi
ence.
An incident somewhat out of the com
mon order marked last night's meeting.
Tbe medium was replying to questions
written upon closed slips of paper, the an
swers presumably being obtained ver
bally or otherwise from attendant spirits
willing to communicate with the writers.
She suddenly announced that one of these
slips contained remarks equally fooiish
and insulting to herself, and requested the
audience to decide as to whether she
Buould read them or not. The audience
having resolved affirmatively, the closed
siip was banded to a gentleman in the
hall who avowed himsell to be a skeptic.
Thereupon the medium read as follows:
This medium is in league with the devil.
The whole thing is a fraud. Tom Thumb.
The skeptic immediately opened the
paper and found it to contain the above
words, exactly as the medium had stated.
The writer, whoever he was, declined to
reveal his identity.
MISS EVA SHOREY, the Singer, Whose Timely Alarm Resulted in
the Capture of Two Desperate Daylight Burglars*
OAKLANDS PLAY POORLY,
Wretched Exhibition of Base
ball Put Up by Church
City Men.
Imperials Were in Winning Form
and Had Twelve Runs to Spare
at the End.
After the fourth inning the Imperials
simply walked away from the Oakiands in
the California League game at the Six
teenth-street grounds yesterday. Up to
that time it was a pitchers' contest, in
which honors were evenly divided between
Kelly ana Russell, but in the latter portion
of the contest the bit; Oaklander let down
lamentably and seemed to lose all control
of the ball. The support he received,
however, was enough to discourage any
twiner. The visitors played wretchedly,
and the nine errors charged to them do
not. begin to cover the multitude of Bins of
which they were guilty. • .
- Kelly pitched a gilt-edged game for tbe
Imperials, allowing his opponents but six
bits. Three of these hits were bunched
in the seventh inning, but sharp field
work prevented tbe scoring of a run.
The Oaklands made their only tally in
the second inning on a triple by Johnson
and a single by Shea. .
The Imperials did not begin to score
until the fourth inning, but from that
time on they worked with a will. Wilds
completed tbe circuit and earned a tally
I in the fourth on his double and Kelly's
single. In the fifth a base on bails, a
single and errors by Arle.t and Fitzpat
rick netted three more. Four runs were
added in the sixth on two bases on balls,
a single, an error by Russell and a wild
pitch. In tbe eighth a double,: three
singles and four errors enabled* the Im
perials to score five more unearned runs.
Following is the ofhcial score:
OAirXAITDS. : A.B. "R. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. It.
Donovan. 1 b.. ...... i 0 1 0 14 1 v
Hurdle, 3b.. 4; 0 0 1 0 1 O
Arle:t. ». a. 3 0. 2 0 2 4 1
Pequigney. 2 b..... 4 0 0 0 a 1 2
Agnew. c... 4 U 0 0 3 0 1
J. Johrisou, c. f 81100 1 3
Shea, c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Kussell, p.... 4 0 10 0 6 «
FiiEpatrlcic, r. f.... 4 0 0130 1
Totals ............ 34 1 8 2 24 13 9
Imperials. A.B. K. B.K. S.B. P.O. a. X.
Smltß, 3. b... ...... 6 1 2 0 0 4 1
Kber, c. f 6 11lioo
Wilds, ID. 6 2 1 1 12 0 V
Ke11y.p..;... ..8 1 2. 0 0 3 2
Muller. 11. ....3 10 0 3 10
Mugee, r. L. ......... 4:2 10 20 1
Ward.o... 4 2 315i0
Tillßon, s. 5. ........ 4 2 0 0 3 11
Creamer, '£ b. ...... 3 . 1 1 .0 1 3 0
Totals .... ...86; 13 .11 8 27 13 -"s
■coax by nrvTNes.
Oakiands ......... ...0 1000000 o—l
1mperia15..... ........0 0 0 1 3 4 0 5 «— lB
. ■ BTnfKABT.'PB9^BW
Earned runs— lmperials 1, Oakland s 1. Three
basH hit— Johnson. Two-base hits— Wilds, Smith.
Doubl* plays— Wilds auassisted, Donovan to 1 Ar
lett, ' Jihngon 10 Arlett to I Donovan. I Struck out—
By.'BoueU 3. by Kelly 2 . Passe 1 bails- Ward 1
Agrnew 2. .Wild pilches— Hussell 1. Bases on
balls— lmperials 6, Oalclauds 1. Hit by Ditched
ball— Muller and Johns jh. . Umpire— O'Neill.
A game of baseball was played at the
park yesterday betw-en the J. J. O'Briens
and the Reports. The score stood 9to 0
in favor of the former.
ARMED BURGLARS
QUICKLY CAUGHT
Robbed Two Houses and
Landed in Jail in Three
Hours.
DETECTED BY A LADY.
Dr. Rodolph Struggled for His
Life With a Man With
Two Guns.
DETECTIVE SHOREY'S FIGHT.
They Each Snbdwd Their Man, but
On y Alter a Desperate Ea
counter—Lively Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 20. \
Miss Eva Shorey, the well-known singer
and daughter oi Detective Shorey, gave
an alarm to-day that resulted in the cap
ture of two desperate daylight burglars.
Early in the afternoon Miss Shorey saw
two men in the grounds of the house of J.
T. Agard at 579 Seventeenth street. She
watched them rin ,■ the hell, and after re
ceiving no answer they went around to the
back of tbe house and were lost to sight
behind the lattice- work. She at once
went to her father and told him of what
she had seen. He went to the rear of the
house and found the two men at work.
They had broken open a window and were
in the house.
As soon as they saw the detective they
attempted to run, but Shorey held them
both. He was attempting to put hand
cuffs on them when one, named Joe Me-
Cullough, broke away.
Dr. C. T. Rodolph bad seen the detec
tive going around the house, and when he
saw McCuilough rush onto tbe lawn
through a window in the basement ha at
once attempted to stop him. A desperate
struggle on the lawn followed. The doc
tor ia a powerful man and so is the bur
glar. They rolled over ana over and Me-
Cuilongh made several attempts to
draw his revolver, while Dr. Kodolpb
directed his efforts toward preventing
him. 8
Seeing her husband engaged in a
struggle for his life Mrs. Rodolph, whose
bouse is quite near to that of Mr. Agard,
blew a police whistle and help quickly
came. Dr. Rodolph, however, had his
man on the ground and was sitting on
him after taking two guns from his
pockets before he received aid.
Meanwhile Detective Shorey was en
gaged in a fight with the other man,
whose name is Charles Hetherstone. T c
detective had a bard struggle, but he
finally managed to eet his man cuffed,
fie then went and ironed the burglar on
whom Dr. Rodolph was sitting on the
lawn.
Just after the two burglars were locked
up F. R. Chad wick, teller of ths Donohoe-
Kellv bank of Ban Francisco, who resides
at 963 Chestnut street, telephoned to the
station that his home had been robbed at
1 o'clock. It was discovered that the
bouse had been lorcibiy enter d.a window
having been broken open by a "jimmy. "
Silver-plate and jewelry were stolen
and all nad been done before the family
returned from church.
An inspection of the basement of the
Agard house showed that the burglars
were the same who had just ransacked the
Chadw.ck house, as ail tne property stolen
from the latter's place was in the base
ment. Mr. Chadwick identified it at once.
Within three hours both burglaries bad
been committed and the men landed in
jail. This is the most desperate daylight
burglary that has been carried out in this
city for several ye*rs.
Both men were armed and a jimmy was
found on each of tnem. Before Shorey
succeeded in subduing Hetaerstone he
ha 1 nearly choked the burglar into insen
sibility. ________________
SUNDAY COURSING.
White Chief Won First at Ocean View,
Which Is to Be Closed for
Repairs.
A good crowd of leasbmen attended
Ocean View coursing park yesterday and
saw twenty-euht excellent dogs run a
satisfactory stake. The bares were far
above tbe average, aud many of them
showed the dogs the way across the en
tire field from escape to escape.
Tha winner turned up in White Chief,
Eviction 8ale&
CBAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— 11 Market Street. ■■
: THIS DAY. ; :
Monday ..........September 81," 1896,
«'_. ~'~ i. At 1 1 o'clock a. m: .on premises.
1068 HOWARD ST., NEAB SEVENTH,
•'- WB WIT.I SKX.I. ■'■■
14 -room: lodging-house,
_;'••'••• ■ comprising: .
Bedroom Sets; Best of Bedding: Carpets; Ward-
robes: Lace Curtains; Bed Lounges; Odd Bureaus;
Three-quarter Bed and Mattresses; Oil Cloth;
Crockery, Stoves, Ranges, ►to. ■
■ '» - CHAS. LEVY A CO.. Auctioneers.
WEILKEPT FCMITDRE
THIS A. TEiOJOON AT 2 O'CLOCK.
3826 Army St., Kear Dolores and 36th.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market street.
H. lARCUSE, AUCTIONEER, OAKLAND.
BICYCLE AUCTION SALE of BO wheels, '96
model, WEDNESDAY, September 23, 1896, at a
o'clock p. »r., at salesroom, 918 BROADWAY,
Oakland. Entirely new 18965. "March Hare,"
"March Daisy," "Westminster, 1 1 "Victor," etc.,
etc Sale without : reserve. Terms cash. M.
MARCUBE. Auctioneer. __^
FRANK W. BDTTERFIELD, AUCTIONEER.
/ GKOCER «.KOCKKIES:
I will sell TUESDAY. September V 2, 1890, at
2859 MISSION STREET, at 11 o'clock a. m., a
1 Very Select Stock of Grocer es and X xtures .
who ran remarkably strong all day. Fol
lowing is tbe result of the rundown:
P. Gorman's Kingston beat J. Cox'»Menlo
Boy, D. Roche's Black 'Swan beat S. Poike'i
Fond Hope, J. Lennon's St. Cloud bent J.
Tracy's London, J. Shea's Tullermore beat
Dilion & Rei ey'-t Lady Fitzgerald, P. Reilly's
Harkaway beat Dillon & Reilly's Fairy, T.
Train's Little Beauty beat J. Wren's Vida
Shaw, A. Merrill's Handspring beat J. Shea's
Fearless, J. Segerfon's White Chief beat D.
Roche's Pacific Queen, P. Ryan's Maxpie beat
8. Folke's Nellie S, M. Roger's Sly Boy beat P.
Gorman's Domino, J. Wren's Olden W b<at Dil
lon & Reilly's Queen B, T. Flynu'i Captain Jim
beat P. Ryan's Royal Stag, J. Qumie's Lissak
beat P. Reilly's Wee Nell, J. Lennon's Tempest
beat J. Keenan s Gas.ight.
First ties— Kingston beat Blacic Swan, St.
Cioud bent Tuliermore, Little Beauty beat
Harkaway, White Chief beat Handspring-.
Second ties— Kingston beat Bt. Cloud, White
Chiei beat Little Beauty, Sly Boy beat Olden
W, Lissak a bye.
Third tie»-White Chief beat Kingston. Sly
Boy beat Lissak.
Flnal-Whitt Chitf beat 31y Boy.
Owing to extensive and expensive alter
ations and improvements that have been
decided on at the Ocean View grounds tbe
park will not be open on Sunday next.
At ingleside a big, haid-betting crowd
watched the runnin • of a thirty-six-aog
stake, in which Carmen, a speedy bitch
belonging to Robinson & Peyton, was the
winner. Following is the result of the
rundown:
H. Spring's Premier beat J. Larkey's Gallop
ing, Robinson & Peyton's Red Rover beat M.
O'Connor' * Lady Clifton, Richmond kennel's
Uncle Sam beat E. Dunn's Snoubitd, Robinson
& Peyton's Carmen beat P. Ryan's brlpman, A.
Basaett'i Ormonde beat P. Ryan's Molly Bawn,
T. Brennan's Rapid beat R. Pringle'tt
Nancy, J. Laxkey't T ue B.ue beat T. Bren
nan's Laav Ingleside, T. Sullivan's Little
Tom beat T." Brennan's Royal Nibs,
W. Kay's Ec.ipse beat R. Pringk's Kilmore.
E. Geary's Bonny Lass beat G. H. Burteind's
Mabel, E. Wilson's bunnyside Maid beat Val
ley kennel's Hazel, J. Hammon'a Foxball beat
A. Adams' Gyp, L. Leonard's Wlil-o'-the-Wisp
beat W. Greely r » Dan, J. Uammon'i Marguerite
bent A. Adams' Aadu- E, J. Ryan's E V D beat
River and Nolan's Bright i-yeg, T. Brennan's
Gold King beat Alameda kennel's Daisy, Por
tal and Hogerty'sLaurelwood beat A. Adams'
Adams.
First ties— Premier beat Red Rover, Carmen
beat Uncle Sam, Ormonde beat Rapid, True
Blue beat Little Tom, Eclipse beat B > nyLass,
Foxhall beat 6unnyside Maid, Will-o'-the-
Wiap beat Marguerite, X V D beat Gold Klug,
LaurelwooU a bye.
Beooud Ue»—Carmen beat Premier, Ormonde
beat True Blue, Eclipse bvat Foxhall, Will-o'
thi-Wisp beat Laurelwood, E V D a bye.
Third ties — Carmen beat Ormonde. £ V D
beat Ec.ipse, Will-o'-the-Wisp a bye.
Fourth ties— E V D beat Will-o'-the-Wisp,
Carmen a bye.
Final— Carmen beat S V D.
FRENCH N.Bl MAN HERE.
Count de Beauregard Arrive! In the
Coarse of a Hunting Trip.
Count de Be&uregard— tall, youthful,
good-looking, unmarried, and in appear
ance not unlike vbe center rush of some
American college football team— arrived
at the Palace Hotel yesterday from New
York in tbe course of a rambling hunting
trip that recently took him through the
eastern part of Mexico, Cuba and parts of
Canada.
He will remain here a few days before
returning to Mexico to join a Parisian
friend, who owns a tobacco plantation in
Mexico. Aftei doing some more shooting
t..ere the Count and companion will come
to this City, preparatory to starling on a
tour of the world for sight-seeing, pleasure
and incidentally for hunting and fishing.
The Count says he will visit Japan, China,
India and Effypt and enjoy whatever
shooting thoae countries afford. He does
not like Mexico, the only redeeming fea
ture of which, he declares, are the unpro
saio Sundays, especially in tbe City of
Muxico, with its promenading beauties on
the Alameda of a Sunday forenoon and^its
bull fights of an afternoon. San Francisco,
be says, appears to be all right. The Couat
is more like an American than a foreigner,
even in his speech.
ANOTHER SUCCESS.
Lock©'* Special Excursion to Camp
Taylor Yesterday.
Notwithstanding the threatening weath
-1 er the people flocked to Locke's Camp Tay
lor excursion yesterday. There were two
special trains going up, and although all
the people could have been provided for
on one train, Mr. Locke had advertised
that be would accommodate 'the public
with two trains— at 8 a. m. and the
other at 10 A. m.— and he fulfilled his
promises to tne letter. The service was
first-class.
The ride was a most enjoyable one. In
fact, it is one of tbe most pleasant short
railroad trips out of the metropolis, and it
is probable Mr. Locke will arrange for
another excursion to Camp Tayior within
a couple of weeks.
His outings have passed the experi
mental siage and have come to be recog
nized by the public as the leading attrac
tions, in tiieir way, offered to people who
enjoy getting out of town, but who object
to the disagreeable features of the old-line
Sunday excursions. Yesterday "everything
went without a hitch, and those who par
ticipated-in tbe trip appreciated the fact
that everything possible was done for
their comfort.
Fire in Chinatown.
An alarm was sounded lrom box 25 at 5:45
o'clock last evening for a fire in Gee Taw Hong
<ft Co.'s general merchandise establishment
936 Dupont street. The blaze, which damaged
the building and stock of goods to the extern
of $1000, wa» caused by the explosion ot a
lamp. _____^^____
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
P ALACK HOTEL.
T McCaleb, NY - J N Burk. San Jose
C E Llndsey, >-antaCruz B H Flint, Ban Juan
W,C Peyton Santa Cruz A C Kubn, f^an Jose
C W Kay, San Jose " " J Morsman, Chicago
Count - de .' -Beauregard, B Davis, San Diego
.Paris J D Bliss, X V
D Oppanbelmer. NY W B Pago 4 w. N V
H C Woodruff, Mich S W Parker, NY
J P Woodbury. Nev J F Moffett, N V
L J Rose Jr, El Paso ■'■• E Wing, i hlcago
Mrs P Cook. Rio Vista - \V C Green, Chicago
C F Vehmeyer, Chicago W A Jordan, Cal
Mrs If Laird, Bakerafield ;! -...
LICK HOUSE.
J Busier &w,Blrds Lndg T C Kearhoff, Cal
H. Lechtenberg, 111 Mrs X Trabern,Btoclcton
T H Thompson, Tnlare R G Wallace, Los a ngls
W B Baines, Ala Point A M McDonald, Bonora
W J oner <fc wf.Palermo C W Hisgins, Omaha
R Vanderblit. Byron Jessie A. Louttlt, BrKely
X B Dana, New York Herman de lacuna, Cal
G H Fancher. Merced L X Justin, Portland
Geo B Kaizenstein.sacto P H Gallagher, Chicago
X Casper, Vall»]o. ■--.■ H R Ball, Kansas City . -
X H Bourciugnoa. San J F B Bane, Santa Hosa
?i T Johnson, Oakland MJ. Marst. Nevada Cty
Ben II Preston <few, Scto W Heudrlcic, Altonvll
Z T Gearge Jr, Los Ane T A Moncure.Bakersneld
G H Wilbur, Boston : Sam P Howe, Han Jose
X M Miller. Fresno, •• i tari H Daggett, Visalia
J H Comings, Cnlco " - -
A. L CRESSWELi, AUOTiOXEER. ■
_, THIS DAY.
Monday September 21, 1896,
Sg^egfegSi.- At 11 o'clock sharp.
.... 1 will ski.l ...
The Beautiful Furniture, Carpets,
Piano Bric-a-Brac, China. Silver-
ware, Etc.. contained in the Ele-
gant Re-idsnce of Mrs. H. Zadlg,'
2297 Franklin St., cor. Broadway.
.--."... coxFßisrxa.'...
Elegant Upright 1 bickering Piano, with cover and
stool, a beautiful instrument, cost $650: a magv
nlficenL Solid Mahogany Parlor s-uit, 4 pieces,
elegantly carved, cost *180; 1 Parlor Sot , latest
design, inlaid mahogany, imported from Paris at a
cost of $150: very choice odd pieces of Ladles'
Rockers, Easy and Reception Chairs; '£ pairs Silk;
Brocade Portieres, really • very handsome, . coat
$100 a pair; Beautiful Ornaments, Steel r ngrav-
ings and Ktcbtm-s; Parlor Cabinet; Bookcases
Ladies' Writing Desks; Imported I. P. Lace Cur-
tains: Plush Window Draperies, etc.: Chambers.
1, 2, 3 and 4, comprising one exceptionally beauti-
ful suit of 3 pieces, cost $251), oak and Walnut
Suits. Three-quarter beds, White Hair Mattresses,
Down Pillows and Comforters: Moquette and Body
Brussels Carpets throughout the house: fine Oaic
Hall Tree, and j Hall ' Chair. . Dining-room— l
very handsome Oak sideboard, made to order at a
cost of *175; Elegant 13-foot Pedestal Table to
match; 6 Handsomely Carved Dining Chairs, up-
bolstered in French Tapestry, with a Carving
Chairs to match; 1 Decorated Dinner Set, 131
pieces: Silver Tea Set. Breakfast-mom— Beautiful
Sideboard In Oak; 12-foot Extension Table to
match; Oak chairs: Cu;lery and d lass ware ; Beau-
tiful Couch. Kitchen— Agateware; Kitchen Table:
Refrigerators; Linoleum; contents of servants'
room; also 2 rlecric House Batteries complete,
containing 30 cells, together with an immense
lot of other artic A. L. C RES SWELL,
Terms Cash.' • Auctioneer.
■NOT fa:— This house was furnished regardless Of
cost and will be sold wl hout reserve. This Is
without doubt the most elegant and desirable fur-
niture offered at public auct on this season -
This elegant mansion. with commodious grounds,
will be sold at same time, or will be rent* d for $80
per mini • ' , ■ ■
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in tbe treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
. Diseases of ■ young, middle,
aged and old men which weaken
t c body and the brain, causing; ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and \ diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. . Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result of years . of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood, if you have a dizziness of th«
! head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
; irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread ot
being alone or the reverse; if your mem- '
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
tbe nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. I>i»ea»e«
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
You can l»e cored at home.
Write your troubles if Ii vine away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence . strictly confident!**.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent fre on ap-
plication. Address ■
DR F 1 SWF ANY 7a7 Marltat % -
Ull. I ■ L. UllLnni, San Francisco, Oal.
ftSr f% |^f WH
IS THE VERY BEST ( KM' TO EXAMINES
your eyes and fit thorn to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My auo-
cess has been due to the merits of u.y work.
Office Hours— ri to 4 ml
jT^%i Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-Lm»JM *>25 KEABXT ST. Established,
fg "1r S|' n 1834 or the treatment of Private
jg JJkd m Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
1 &ul£ Kg disease wearing on bodyand mind and
•uSkII ■3 Skin Diseases, 'lliedoctorcureswhen
Smfim Ira others fall. Try him. Charges low.
nrndililifflinif rnrrnriini mill 1 il Callorwrite.
Or. J. ft. uIBBOJi. Box 1957. 6au .Francisco.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Bifreiow, Nev Ci;y W a HawKins, Woodland
i Hollingßwortb, Wetland T fclo.llnssworth.Wdlana
Mrs A .Burns, Woodland Miss W Hollingsworth,
Mrs Thompson, Vallejo Woodland -
Mrs J H 1 homas. Uklah Miss D hngli*h. Ukiah
E Dlusmore, NY. W Ollmore, Portland
s B Martin. Mont • M w Wisdom, Portland
R Wilson, Cal ■ JF X Smith, Cal '
P Formnn. Cal . M He Gagner, Cal :
t' F Garcia Aw,. - H -loane it sv, Aspln
J Murray, V-SH . . : : R Campb -11, L'al
M Coffey. Cal ■ J \v Moore, Stockton
J A Malnhart, Grass Val W JL Jidwards, Riverside
Mrs J J Williams, Minn Miss M £ Wllllams,Mlna
H Williams, Dcs Moines Mrs t' H Winston & c,
MrsE L Hunt <& a, Indlo Los Angeles
M Martin, Los Angeles T McKee, Los Angeles
Mrs J £ Brown, 111 Miss M Brown, 11l
Mrs M J I'OUKherty, 111 E Dougherty, 111
J Jj. Wool. y. Cal T J Leary. Chicago
L J Long, st Louis W Wilson, Los Ang
J y Parks, Jackson J Meehan, Jackson
MrsFßanlett.Livrmors X H Rosa, San Pedro
J1- Garret t, Los Ang • A.V La Motte, Cal
M Michael, Woodland . WPDwer, Sacto
J M Lyon. fsacto ■ Al Diaz, Monterey
Dr H Boyle. Monterey M Kosenberg, Holllster
G H Groisan £w, Salem J Graely, Marys vllle
." > ..•■•'. RCSS HOUSE.
Miss E Gulnn, Red Bluff J EG Uunter.Halcersfield
J X Gammon, Han Rosa X 1 Gillmore, Pt Arna -
J J Cairn, -an Josa . .' <i W Monteith, S Rafael
J E W tieat & w, Chicago J Nash, Preston :
J Llllie. Dun ilzau Mrs M Klnzley.Vacavllle
Mrs s E Hopkins, Or O W Griffith. Cal '
J H Beamer. Hoi later H B Turinan. Colusa
Mrs DJ Parmele. Vacavil J E Hunter. Bakersfleld
J H Hill, Port 1 o.vu.seud S T Blairs, Fort Bragg
S M Johnson, Stuart Miss Johnson, Stuart
W Clawfen, Malt Lake X 8 Xi win <fc f, Nev City
C A Scott, Alues W J Moore, uakdale
C Gordon, Oakland . ' D Wilson A w, Cal
. W t Erw In. Marysvllle . J Krwin, Marysvllle
H Hook, Dixon ■■•- M F King & w, Oakland
J W stone, liurllugame A J Smith, A aim
L L Boon-, Gall . R Macea, f resno .
H G Macen, Fresno . ': Mrs A Kincald.Llvrmox*
MrsG Wagner, i.ivrmore G Brown, Sacramento
J L Xeeioe Hoaldsburg G L Dunn, Miller
Mrs L C Pope, Stockton Mrs M X brace , Stockton
MistL Hall, btockton Mrs J FBonner, fat Lucas
E H Bonner. San Lucas W H Hanke & w, Fresno
J H Morris, Flucerviile 3 Lillie, Dunalgan
NEW, WESTKjUJT HOTEL,
B J Young, Seattle . " H Hu:ff & f, Seattle
JII Williams, Phoenix E W Uauady, Gridley
B Flchyen, Rodeo • • ' : J Soules, Folsom
F Martin &w, Antloch T J Manning, U3K
Mrs Miller &i,li C ' C Latham, sacramento
V I- isher, U 8 N J Lawler, Petaluma
A Hallimger. DSN J Morris. 0 8 M ; ..
C E Evans, Sacramento R McPherson, Bac '•
G W McPneeiers, Cal G H Trombole, Arizona
W Peterson, Cal - J King, Ireland
J McGuixe. I eland T McGuire, Ireland
J G King. Ireland J O'Conuell, New York
G W Wise. 'New York J P Robson, New Yorlc
J Black. R and Ready W Mltchet , 81 Louis
Ll> Foster &r, tilggs J Cosseil, Biggs
Mrs Wlckland & d, Minn
, . , BALDWIN ' HOTEL.
C M Hunter, Los Aug ' . W Fried under, Oakland
Mr Jones &w. Los Auk E Rich, San Jose
J R Lowe & w. San JuseXOgden, Kern City • '.■■
H F Gersens, C'nclnnatl M P Stein & w, Stockton
Mrs M Murks, Stockton ; \V M Scott & w, If V
P A .Newmark, Los Ang I) R Murphy, San Jose
Miss < Murphy .Vallejo E Jennings, St Paul
N T Charcnack, iS J " B T Barton, N J -,
E B Qulnnie, F!a , , D Rosa, Virginia City
Miss RicUerson, Fla i: *
910
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
An Improved Demand Reported
for Property for Invest
ment
THE TAX KATE UNDECIDED
Another Portion of the Murphy Ranch
Is to Be Offered at Public
Auction.
There is a continued Improvement in the
demand for properties of all kinds, mainly for
investment. Dealers feel encouraged over
this feature of the market, but as noted last
week would-be purchasers are very exacting
in most instances, and their offers In many
cases are so low thai it is quite out of the ques
tion to make sales, except where owners are
compelled to sell.
The Board of Supervisors resumes Its ses
sions to-day, and it is to be hoped that they
will soon settle the tax question so that the
uncertainty on this subject that has prevailed
for so many weeks will be settled. Real estate
brokers seem to be of the opinion that the
rate, both City and County, will not exceed
$1 75, but the record of the present Board of
Supervisors is such that it is not safe to ven
ture any predictions as to what they will de
cide upon regarding the amount or money to
be expended the ensuing year.
KEVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-five transfers recorded
last week, the properties conveyed being
mainly small ones.
The number of mortgages recorded was sev
enty-seven, aggregating $225,723. The larger
ones, together with the security given, were
as follows:
By the German Bank, half for six months
imii half for one year, $12,000 at 8 per cent on
property on the south side of Jackson street,
160:3 east oi Dupont, east 40 by south 79:1;
by the Hibernia Bank, for one year at UJ4 Per
cent, $20,000 on property at the northwest
corner oi Bush and Dupont streets, west 08:9
by north 67:6, and property at the southeast
corner of Dupout and Jackson streets, south
70, east 90, north 70, west 20, south 4S, west
40, north 48, west 30; and by the London and
San Francisco Bank, for two months at 9 per
cent, $26,000 on property ou the southeast
line of Mission street, 7ft southwest of Fir6t,
southeast 80 by southwest 96:3; also property
on the south line of Fifteenth, 125 west of
Sharon, west 50 by south 100.
The releases numbered forty-three, aggre
gating $119,090. The largest one was given
by the German bank to Charles L. Hinkel for
$^5,500 on property on ihe west side of Cas
tro street, 35 feet north of Twenty-first, north
350 by west 125.
There were seventeen building contracts
filed pledging an outlay of $52,126.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTEB.
Thomas R. Edwards has commenced the
election cf some very pretty flats on the north
side of Grove street, between Baker and Lyon.
They will cost $4200.
Silas Cole has been awarded the contract for
the carpenter work on the new Affiliated Col
leges building.
The New York apartment house located on
Laguna street, near Vallejo, has been sold by
K. <Ie Kay and Caroline S. Townsend to John
Henry Miller for $20,000.
The ground floor of the new Spring Valley
Water Company's building, at the corner of
Geary and Stockton streets, has been leased by
the City of Paris and will be occupied by tha"t
house as soon as competed. It will give them
one of the finest dry-goods stores west of Chi
cago. Work on the building is progressing
rapidly and it is expected that the structure
will be finished and occupied within another
year.
Good progress is noted on all the various
business blocks, now in course of construction
at various points about the City. The Hobart
building, on Po-t street, is all up and roofed
over and the contract for tue plastering has
lust been let. It will be occupied January 1
by the tenant, who has leased the entire
structure.
The gas company's new building, on Post
street, between Powell and Mason, is pretty
well up, as well as the American Exchange
building, on S.msome and Halieck streets.
The fronts of both these structures are of
stone and will present a very substantial and
ornamental appearance when completed.
Among other buildings the work upon which
is being rapidly pushed are theCiark building,
at Battery and Bush streets; the Koyul Eagle
Distilleries building, at Powell and Ellis; the
Kosenstirn, at the corner of Hyde and Suiter;
the old Bijou Theater building, on Market,
near Third, and the new Center Market build
ing, on Powell, between O'Farrell and Geary.
The latter will be ready for occupancy by the
new tenants October 1. Work on The Call
building has been retarded on account of a
delay in securing the steel beams and columns
for the lower stories. They have all been
finished now, however, and are being rapidly
put in position. Much of the stone for the
building Is cut and ready to be laid, and as
soon as the steel work is far enough advanced
to allow work on the walls to begiu the struc
ture will go up rapialy.
Easton, Eldridge <fc Co. have just completed
arrangements whereby they wul offer at auc
tion Saturday, October 3, another section of
the famous Murphy ranch in the Santa Clara
Valley. The amount of land to be offered com
prises several hundred acres, and it will, as in
the case of the two previous sales, be offered
in parcels of ten acres and upward. The char
acter of the soil of this tract is fully equal to
that of the other two tracts sold, "and there
will undoubtedly be a large attendance and
brisk bidding at the sale. A special excur
sion train will be run from this City to the
land on '.he day of the sale.
This firm will hold an auction sale of miscel
laneous properties on Tuesday the 29th inst.
A list oJ choice offerings has been prepared
for the sale.
Bovee, Toy &Sonntag have leased the store
Bt 30 Montgomery street, directly opposite
their present office, and will move there Oc
tober 1.
Easton, Eldridge &. Co. report tne following
Erlvate sales made within the past two weeks:
ot 25x132:6. on the north side of Page street,
near Devisadero, with improvements consist
ing of two-story and basement nine-room
house, price $5500; lot 30x106:3, on south
enßt corner of Page and Cole streets, and mod
ern house of nine rooms and bnth,s9soo; lot
25x114, on north line of Valley street, near
Sanchez, $600; lot 23x60, on north line of
Glover street, with improvements consisting
oi two flats of four rooms each, $2000; lot
25x122, on the west line of Folsom street
near Fourteenth, $2300; lot 25x80, on
the northwest line of Clementina street
east of Fourth, with improvements
two-story tenementbuiMiag,s27oo; 10t32-ll
X 125, on the east line of Valencia, near
Twenty-sixth, $3000; lot 25x90. on east
line oi San Jose avenue, near Twenty-ninth
$1000; lot 25x80, on tne east line of Morse '
south of Howard, old buildings, $3000; lot 23
xBO, on the north line of Clara, east of
Fourth, with three old tenement-, $2450- iot
22:6x60. on the west iine of Le Koy place
njuth oi Sacramento, with two flats of four
rooms each, $1800; lot 21:380, on the west
line of Castro, south of Twenty-third, with
house of eight rooms and bath, $4500; lot 31 -3
x 125, with L 25 by 75, on the northwest cor
rer of Fell and Lott, with eleven-room house
$12,000: lot 23x64, on the south line of
California, near t-ecoiid avenue, and six
room house, $3250; lot 35x70:6, on the
west line of California avenue, south
of Lizzie, 9*650; lot 50x120. on the east
line of Twenty-first avenue, near California
$1100; lot 52x6x107:6, on the northwest
Hue of Brannan, south ul Second, $4000; lot
30x52:4, on the .vest iine of Jonec, south of
Pacific, with eleveu-room house, $2600; lot 32
x! 60:4, on the north line of Suiter, east ot
Devisadero, $4100; lot 25x106, on the west
line of Baker, south of Washington, $2350
-and lot 25x95, on the southeast line of Foi
sora. west of Ninth. $3325. They also sold at
auction Tuesday at a trustee sale the follow
ing property:
In township 23 south, ranee 23 east, Tulare
County, 494.46 acres lor $3615; in township
19 south, range 21 east, Tulare County 80
seres with Improvements, $1250; and in town
ship 16 south. rß'ige 21 east, In Fresno County
80 acres for $1200. wumy,
Center is. Spader have leased the office 11
Montgomery street, formerly occupied by the
late firm of O'Farrell & Co., and will remove
their business there October 1. This is one oi
thi; most desirable offices in the City and Cen
ter <fc Spader are to be congratulated upon se
curing it.
E. McLaughlin, the San Jose banker, is build
ing a fine three-story and basement brick
structure on Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. It is in size 25x98. The front
will be of light colored pressed brick with
terra cotta trimmings. The ground floor will
be used as a store and there will be rooms
above. The cost will be $15,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the following
recent sales: An eight-room house and lot,
28:4x80, on Broderick street, 192:6 feet north
of Clay, for $7200; a lot, 21x60. with old
building*, on the south side of O'Farrell street,
77:6 feet east of Mason, for $14,000; a lot, 25x
120, on the east side of Twenty-founb avenue.
275 feet north of California street, for $600;
a lot, 25x100, on the corner of Russian and
London avenue-, for $500; a lot, 25x100, on
the south side of Oak street, 31:3 west of Ash
bury, for $1750, and lots 8 and 9, on the cor
ner of California street ana Tenth avenue, for
$2400. : - ' . •
Country sales made by Charles E. Gregory of
the same firm are : Lots 2; 3, 4, 5, 20, 21, 22,
23,26 and. 44 of the Hale ranch, near Moun
tain View, a total of 138 acres, for $9000; . lots
238, 239, 240 and 241, comprising 111 acres In
the McMahan rancuo in Sofano and Yolo coun
ties, for $7500 to A. S.-Tockey of j Sacramento,
and 40 acres of the Goad tract, near Niles, or
which 24 acres are a young prune orchard, for
$4000. . ■
I. C. Sharif, 20 Montgomery street,- reports
the following sales: House and lot on north
line" of Bush street, east of Buchanan, I. C.
Levey, $3250; lot and improvements on north
line of St. Rose street, west of Masonic ave
nue, 25x100,, to Thomas Cunningham, $3000;
lot and improvements on .west line of Mason
street, south of Lombard, 48x70, to Richard
Hermann. $9000; 66 acres at Castroville to M.
B. Carry, $3000; 10 acres at Los Gatos to B.
Duff. $4500; _"•_ acres at Millbrae to L. John
son, $3000. . . ,
Tne shareholders of the West Oakland
Mutual Loan Association, now the oldest in
stitution of the kind in California, held their
twenty-first annual meeting Monday evening
at their hall corner of Seventh and Willow
streets, West Oakland. Secretary A. Sbarboro
read his twenty-first^ annual report, which
shows that the association has had a remark
ably ■ prosperous career. In twenty-one years
it has assisted 517 inombers to acquire homes
for their families in San Francisco and Ala
meda counties, and in that long period of time
it has never foreclosed a single mortgage. It
has only acquired lately from a delinquent
stockholder a small house and lot on Campbell
street, which cost the association $850, but
the officers expect to sell without sustaining
any loss whatever. The ■ amount loaned to
members since the organization of the institu
tion was $578,048 39, and 424 stockholders
have already repaid their loans, aggregating
$447,186 39, there still remaining 93 borrow
ers who owe the association $130,862, which
they are rapidly paying off by monthly install
ments.
The association has also paid out to share
holders who have found " use for their money
in profitable, investments, the sum of $697,
-273 52, including $186,993 77 earnings,
showing • the interest "received by the with
drawal members to have been between 8 and
12 per cent per annum in accordance with the
age of the shares so surrendered. -
The institution continues, even in these hard
times when many banks have stopped making
loans, to help its members to buy or build
homes, the Interest being still kept at 6 per
cent per annum and the premium 50 cents
per share, which makes the monthly payments
by the borrower $12 50 for every $1000 net
cash received by the same.
These monthly installments enable families
of thrift ana frugality to acquire their own
homes for about the same amount that they
should have to pay for like accommodations
in rented houses. '
The stockholders were much pleased at the
report presented, and by unanimous vote re
elected the following officers and directors:
President, A. Merle; vice-president, C. H.
Spaulaing; treasurer. William Wagner; secre
tary, A. Sbarboro; attorney for ■: Alameda
County, Land Title Company of Oakland; at
torney for San Francisco, D. Freldenrich, and,
in addition to the first three-named gentle
men, C. S. Martin, August Fick, Joseph Schnei
ly, G. D. Welch, C. A. Malm and G. B. Cevasco
as directors.
The books were then opened for subscription
to 1000 shares of stock of the twentieth series,
and many shares have already been taken:
THE CHRIS TIAN PANACEA.
Love of Christ Makes Men Brave and
Takes the Place of Evil.
Rev. Dr. Spalding, rector of St. John's
Episcopal Church, dwelt yesterday upon
one teaching of the day. He took his text
from Ephesians, iii, 19, "That ye may
know the love of Christ, w*hich passes
knowledge."
The rector spoke of the intellectual
activity of the day, but said no school
merely human might teach the love of
Christ that passes knowledge, nor could
science give the peace of God. He said
God's sun in nature shines on evil and
good; his rain falls on the just and un
just.
"Here is a lesson in the kingdom of
grace," he said, "that men, God's children,
should imitate that their love should go
to all — high, low, rich and poor, to the
fallen and to the outcast. It teaches the
lesson of the brotherhood of man. That
is the brotherhood of nature cemented
and made closer by the grace of baptism
in which we are made members of Christ.
This love of Christ passes knowledge in
that it makes men brave as nothing els*
does."
He closed with an appeal to tbe congre
gation to seek to know this love as the
panacea for present evils.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam*
-730 Market street, open until 18 o'clock every
night In the year. .
BRANCH OFriCBB-tSO Montgomery atTMt,
corner Clay; open mil 8 : 30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, •pea
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, op«-n until 9:30 o'clock-
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ffi_3s= GOLDEN GATE COMMAND ERY, * ♦ _
ta^- 5 ' No. 1, Knights Templer, Golden Gate < *5™P
building, 629 Suti«r st.— Stated assembly fo?) '
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. All fraters 'W
are cordially invited. The order of the
Temple will be conferred.
CHARLES H. MURPHY, Commander.
Wit. T. Fokda; Recorder. <
»^3fi» KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. •
C*-- 5^ 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and /?*
Stciner sts.— Called meeting THIS (MON-Tf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. THIRD /V>
DEGREE. By order of the master.
' :•■«': •-•:■-'• : HARRY. BAKHR, Secretary.
*-"3=» OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. «""
B=» r and A. M. Called meeting THIS
(MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. "WJt
Second degree. By order of W. M. /^y\
'■: ■■■■'■■ .-■■-.- EDWIN F. DELGER, Pecy.
BETS" SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER ft~
o^- 5^ No. 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets J%
THIS EVENING for business. It 3f
. H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. WN
K^S=" WALHALLA -- ENCAMPMENT-* M
VSZCr. No. 7, 1. O. a F.— The officers and'N^'
funeral committee of this encampment are _rV
hereby requested to meet at Odd ■ Fellows'^ X.
Hall on TUESDAY, September 22, at 1:30 p. 11.,
to attend the funeral of our late patriarch, T. H.
WEBER.
. GEORGE DERING, Chief Patriarch.
Max Schumann-, Scribe.
5E^S= THE REGULAR MONTHLY
*~-^ meeting of the County Board A. O. V §
H. B. of E. will be held in Irish- American - - saw!
Hall THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, ->( •)) CIjVA
tember 21, at 8 o'clock sharp. The officers #"^e*
and members of Alameda County are invited to
attend, as business of importance will come up I
before the meeting. Fines will be strictly enforced
for non-attendance. By order.
THOMAS J. NORTON, State Secretary.
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
ES^ alum. 33- O'FarreU at.
jp-rgjr" DR. 11. I. JUNES, OCULIST AND
•»—^ an Tint, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post. Tel. Grant 1 0 1.
KS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOX $4-
. •**' collections made, city or country. • Paclfls
. Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., - room 6. .TeL 658 U.
; R_gS=" BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
P-^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 .Market au
KS> GAS 'FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
l***r cheapest. place In the city. H. HUP-
SCHMIDT. 62a Golden Uate live. . . ■ ;
"***~^'™ -—— _, — _— ,
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND ' "NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
U^-' 36 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
llutchinson Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
a: the office of the company, 327 Market street,
on . ana after Monday, September 21, - 1896.
Transfer-books will close Tuesday, September 18.
1896, at 3 o'clock p. m. - , • .'
..■'-'•' K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
;•_■• 'SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE. ■
IpiRST-CLASS FRENCH SECOND GIRL
and seams. ress desires situation; > best refer- '
ences; or an nurse; city or country. MISS CUL-'
LEN, 323 Suiter st. . .-.■•; . . ..:
ARTIES REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
and reliable help in any capacity can be fur-
; nished at short notice by apply ing. to C. K. HAN-
SEN A CO., 110 Geary St. ; , .
IDDLE-AGED: WOMAN, BEST OF REFER-
ences, v.ants an easy place: small wages;
good home. LEON AND «E, 315 StocKtou su ;
/GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306 MA- i
VX son St.. furnishes beat help of afl nationalities.
WANTED— A RELIABLE WOMAN, WHO !
Ii understands dressmaking: In &|1 Its branches,
wants I to go • as seamstress In private family; no
objection to short distance in country. Apply 16 :
Van Ness aye. '". . • .■•■..-.■■ .-_. .•■
GERMAN GIRL wants a positio:;,
In a nice family;. please call : Monday and
Tuesday afternoons. Address 17 Minna St., up-
atalra. -■ ; .■.-.■.."-"". .■ ■ ... '.
VITDDLr-AGED WOMAN, GOOD COOK AND
HI houseworer, : would like. a situation' in a
small family: no childrea. J., box 143, Call Office. !
\\r ILLING WOMAN wants work by IHK
. II day; washing or liousecleaniug: $1 a day and
car fare. 166 Third St., room 14, Milton House. ?. :
BY GERMAN GJKL TO TAKE CARE OF
children. Call 820 Vs Larkln st., near Geary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
BpVEB, TOY & SONNTAQ
0t»l ISTAT* EU.UOHT AND SOLD C>E) ■ " \rfs® 'Jt —^ {*^/^? ~/fi?S V* ■ ' : ""
.fOUSESKENTEti.RFSJTSCOIIECTETi >--yi^' _t *"*
4W> Fim chabge ESI OF paovEßTv \S&fccCc£o7'tC&it&S Wpm
Chas. M. Short ridge, Esq.',
Editor < ' The Call, "
City.
Dear Sir:-
Enclosed please find report of sales for your Real
Estate Review. The uniformly good results from advertising in ,
the classified country real estate columns of _' The Call '• are
shown by a recent $19,000 sale by us of land in Northern Cali-
fornia to a resident of Visalia; through a four line adver-
tisement.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned.
"VTOUNG. REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 .Market st., room 19, second floor.
pOMPETENT AND RELIABLE HOU SK
VJ keeper desires a situation. Apply to Mrs.
McNEILL. 217 Geary su: lower floor. ,
XPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
position tor housework; Mission preferred.
Please call 3370 Twenty-third su P^ierrea.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN DESIRES SlTU-
atlon In small family; wages $12 to $14- best
of reference. 731 Harrison st.
VTORTH GERMAN, GOOD COOK, SEEKS
.1.! situation as housekeeper in widower's family.
A. M. L., box 19, Call Office. - - .
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES WORK AT
X home; sewing and mending. Address 116
j-lxthst-.room 2.
XT OUNG GIRL WIBHKS A POSITION AT
X housework and plain cooking. Call at 608
Linden aye.
ANTED -BY* RESPECTABLE WOMAN,
»» work by day; laundress or housecleanlng. 4
Lily terrace, off Poweil St., near Pine
C COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WANTS GEN-
/ eral housework; private family; good cook.
Call at 1022 Larkln aU --
SITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
American woman on a ranch; is a good cook
and baker. Address 136 Fifth st., near Howard.
/ 1 ERM AN WOMAN DESIRES A PLACE TO
VJ do light housework and ta_e care of children.
5 Mason st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES CLEANING
by the day Friday aud Saturday. Call rear
266 Jetsle su, near Fourth. - ;
ESPECTABLB- GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
cook, wishes situation In small family. Ad-
dress 1767 Sanchez st. : .
ISTHEKE A FAMILY IN THIS CITY IN
X want of good conscientious help, American;
good plain cook: neat and obliging; no objection
to widower's family or the country; wages $_0.
Address C. H., box 76, Call Office,
pOLOKED WOM WOULD LIKE TO DO I
V' housework or work by the day. Call at 1335 I
Pacific su . .■ ' _ -
ADY OF EDUCATION AND REFINEMENT,
speaks three languages, desires a place as
housekeeper for widower or lodging-house. Room
2,12 Mason st. '
COMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
v^ wishes to do . washing, ironing, cooking, or
housecleanlng by the day. MRS. CO.. TIZ, 3387
Twenty-sixth su, near Mission.
"ANTED— BY A WIDOW, A FEW PLACES
»» to work, cleaning or sweeping. Please call at
715 Valencia st.
SITUATION BY EXPERIENCED COOK FOX
men on ranch, mining, sawmill or logging
camp; understands her business. Address C,
1121 Howard st. . - .., . .
IDOW DESIRES WORK OF ANY KIND;
sewing, mending, or wou;d take management
of lodging-house: good housekeeper: city or coun-
try: after 11 a. x. 821 Mission at-, room 3.
TAD V, THOROUGHLY COMPETENT TO
X_ make boys' clothing, would like a few more
engagements. Call or address 519 Octavia su .
ROTESTANT WOMAN, WANTS A SITUA-
tIon to do general housework. Call or address
439 Minna st., between Fifth and Sixth. '■
V A TRAINED NURSE, A POSITION TO
' > travel with invalid lady. Address A. D.. box
147, Call Office.
IXPERIENCED LADY'S OR INVALID'S
I nurse: best reference awlat in housework if
needed. 710 McAllister st.
KESSMAKEK, REMOVED FROM 706 EL-
lis si. to 502 O'Farrell, room 1; plain sewing
done at home.
YOUNG LADY FROM MAINE DESIRES PO-
X sltlon as typewriter. 223 Post at., room 1. •? :  ' :
BOOKKEEPER, CASHIER, GENERAL OF-
flce work: young lady 7 years' experience*
quick, accurate; best references. Address H. C.
1K.,6 Grove su . • ■ . ...-.-
-\ OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as chambermaid i 1 small lodging-house. Ad-
dress 17 Third at., room 22.
EFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKK POSl-
tton as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's family. Room 13, 1 Fifth su
yoc.No woman wants WOI'.K'bY the
X day; washing, ironing and general housework.
Call or address 7o- Union st. .
rpRAINED NURSE WISHES TO TRAVEL
X East with patient; remuneration, traveling ex-
pense<i. ' Address B. L,. 1203 Castro st.. Oak land.
IV INCtiE* . EX 44 THIRD ST. NR.
1 1 Market: 200 rooms: 25c to «1 60 per night.
$1 50 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
:ne bus ana baggage to and from the irrrv.
SITUATIONS .WANTED— MALE.
C. R. HAN^Erf"* f^rV-^^GEAIIY^STr,
. furnish on short notice all kin is of help for
hotels, restaurants, farms, dairies, orchards, vine-
yards, sawmills, mines, etc., and skilled or un-
skilled help of all description; telephone, Grant
185. - ;.-.;" .'-, ; . , -.. ■ ■;.'.,.--••■■■.
HUNTER «_ . CO., CHINESE AND JAP?
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
O ployment office. 6Xiy 2 Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
C>UliS_;s_; ' AND JAI'AAtsK • Kr.LiABLIS
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best el n. • 414 V, o'KarroU: K. 4-JB.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best belp. 314b Sutter bU: tel. Grant 30. .
yoUKO,. STRONG, ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, painter and paperhanger by
trade, -desires situation as Janitor or porter in
hotel or institution. Address A. 8.. b0x 161, this
office. '.- ■■ ■" ■ ■ ■ . _. ,- ■■■ ■ • ■ ■ ■-,•'■■.■■,'
VOCNO MAN DESIRES SITUATION TO
X work nights: speaks English, French and
Italian. '. Address S. 8., 801 Vallejo St., room 29. .
ARKEEPER; - EXPERIENCE; ;■ SINGLE;
XJ middle-aged; best of sober and respectable ref-
erence^ Barkeeper, 681 Mission s.-, room 36.
BY COMPETENT COOK IN RESTAURANT
XJ or hotel. Address P., box 143, this office. :
SCANDINAVIAN YOUNG. MAN AND WIFE
O wi»h situations on ranch or private place;
man handy with tools, understand care of horses,
cows, good driver: : wife is good cook ; and house-
keeper; willing and obliging; flrat-clasi reference.
H. 8., box 49. Call. ,
MAN AND WIFE : WANT EMPLOYMENT:
man . good . gardener and - can take care of
horses and cows and do all kinds of work; wife
good cook and ■ laundress: city : or country; good
references. Call or address 821 California sU ; ■.--■•-»
ONEST.v. INDUSTRIOUS • aj>d sober
middle-aged -' German * wishes -to work In a
grocery-siore; -can tend-' bar and take care of
horses. Aadress FRED HAMMETER, 611 Pine
su, 4t06 p. x. ;.,-■; .•,.;.:■: ■.■■■■-.....■—.;;;
VY r ANTED— BY RELIABLE YOUNG = MAN,
1 1 . situation as coachman and «-ardener; gooa ref-
erencea. Address C. A., box 134, call Office. .
EXPKIUENCEDCHEItSEMAKKR:' MAKES
XU different kinds of cheese; also butter; can run
a separator, Wishes I a situation city or country
Addrtss.W. W., box 150, Call Office. -.
you no MAN WOULD like to learn
X the barber's trade: w Hint: to do anything in
that 1 1 tie. Address B. 8., box 78. Ca.l. - .- ;. * ,
BUTLER— WANTED, POSITION ; BY.-FlRST-
. class English butler: highest testimonials;
I chance ' to t srcuie • competent ■■ servant. Address
I Butler, box 78, CalL ■ ; ;« .-;
MARRIED GERMAN WANTS. SITUATION
■ to drive baker or any kind of delivery wagon, '
or would like to work as stableman or do any kind
of work: will give good reference. Address Q. N.
I L., box 75, Call office. . ; -...-.* '
SITUATIONS WANTED— .Contlnned.
SITUATION WANTED .AS MANAGER OF
fruit ranch or vineyard: is an exiert In all
branches of horticulture: well acquaint) d with
general farming; California and foreign experi-
ence: references. Address F. A. RODE it, Wat-
sonvllle, Cal. ' -. . . .
<£ "I "^fl To LOAN WITH GOOD JOB FOR USE
*Jp 1 O\J of money. Address 134 . Fourth st., M.
FOSS. ■■.-.■-. . ' ;
VV ANTED— HOME FOR BOY OF 14
»' years: will do : light work for his board. Call
or address 658 Folsom aU . ■ -^
VOCNO BUTCHER WISHES SITUATION,
X city or country. Address S. M.. box 48, CalL
"youNG man, SPEAKS German, Spanish !
X and English,. desires good position; commer-
cial preferred. Address Y. P., box 117, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-
O man. a position of some trust; is sober and
reliable; first-class references: security furnished
if required; is a good fireman and can run an en-
glne. Address .R. C P., box 60, Call Office.
EDJTOR AND WRITER, AN 1896 KEN-
X- tucky Republican, now in Utah, wants position
on the coast: married; experience-: with good
references. JOEL MHOMAKER, P. O. box 1655,
ball Lake City, Utah.
pRADUATKD AND -EXPERIENCED PHAR-
VJ macist seeks position: relief work only ; best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs
box 108. Call Office. • . _*
WINCHESTER HOUsK. 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per ]
week: free bnsaod bacgace io unJ from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baes-ave to and from the ferry.
. IKMAI.C HELP WANTED.
ANTED— 2 FREN7SH~AIsD~SCANDiNA-
vIan second girls. $20; German nurse. $20;
Protestant laundress, $25: colored girl for cooking
and housework, $25; chambermaid, wait 1 meal,
$20- and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. •J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 316 Butter st. ■ - - -
■i 'OOK, $35 PER MONTH: SECOND GIRL. 2
V' in family. $25; nurse, $15: housework. San
Jose, 2 In family, $20: Alameda, $25; Oakland,
$25; San Rafael, $20; and other -owns: 12 house-
work eiria, city. $20 and $25: 6 young girls, as-
-Bls^ $10 to $15. MISS CVLLEN, 3.3 Sutler St.
COOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, ALA-
meda, $25. IBS CULLEN, 323 Satter at.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
TV LEN, 32» Slitter sU "
(COLORED COOK, BERKELEY, $25. MISS
) CULLEN, 323 sutter st.
____________________________
WE..MBTKESS AND CHAMBERMAID. $26.
O MISS CULLEN. 323 Satter St. . ";
C CHAMBERMAID ■ AND WAIT SOME, $20
I and room; waitress, city, $4 a week; waitress,
country. $20 and room: waitress, city. $16 and
room: girl, Alameda, $26: girl. Sacramento. $25-
-girl, Berkeley, $20; rirl, Alameda, $20: house-
Keeper. $15: girl, Alvarado, $18, fare paid; girl,
Decoto, $15; girl. Centervllle. CaL: girl, Pine it.,
2 In family, $15: girt. Fulton st., $16; girl, Geary
at., $15: girl, Turk at., $16: girl, Novato, CaL: 16
house girls, $15: 10 house' girls, $20; 17 young
girls, $8, 110 and $12 per month, assist, etc., nice
lamllles. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
W r ANTED-GEKMAN OK ; FRENCH . COOK,
$35; waitress and parlor-maid, $20: - cham-
bermaid and waitress, $16; FreuCh nurse and
seamstress, $20: cook for Alameda, $25 to $30:
girls for housework, $25, $20 and $15: waitresses
for restaurant, $15 . and $3 50 a week. LEON
AND I. ■■;, 315 Stockton st.
Mr ANTED— GOOD IRONE"R~FdR LAUNDRY,
II country, $25 and found; 2 good girls who un-
derstand German cooking, $26: German girl tor
the country, $15; girl as waitress and lend coun-
ter, $6 per week; Danish cook for the country,
family 3, $25. C. R. HaNSEN <fc CO:. 110 Uei»ry.
EAT GERMAN - OR SCANDINAVIAN
Xi woman, housework, small family, : country
town, $20, lare paid: second girl, $15. fare paid;
wmtress, country hotel, $20. MURRA. *
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 6-4-669
Clay aU ' --"<
»_> GERMAN COOKS. $25 AND $80: LAU.V
O dress. $25; 2nursegirls $12 and $15: 10 girls
for housework and assist. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
AT THE SWEDISH AND . GERMAN v. KM-
- ployment Bureau a number of first-class girls
awaiting situations. 315 Suiter St. .
ANTED— FOR THE COUNTRY, A GOOD
" cook who understands German cooking and a
neat second girl. Apply, from 9:30 a. m. to 12 M,,
at 1900 Washington at., corner Franklin. .
OMAN TO ASSIST WITH CHAMBER-
II work; rent of : furnished housekeeping rooms
given In exchange. Alpha House, 6 Market au
iy ANTED— GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
»» housework, take care of children; no_cooking
or washing; reference*. 26 Sixth st., bakery.
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN OK ~ GIRL FOR
light housework: small family; good home.
24-24 Market st. . " - ; ,
\ . ANTED— SEAT, COMPETENI GIRL FOR
general housework. Apply morning, ,1307
Fillmoreau
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL: r COOKING, HOUSE-
X^l work; a mall family: Berkeley. ■ Room 6, 532
Market st. .. . . . . : ■..•■.•;-
PPRENTICE WANTED TO LKARN TAlL-
oring on flue custom coats. 823 Geary st. •■ - '
\\. T ANTED— GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSi.-
-11 work In small family. : 1634 Ellis st. :.' .
EAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
■Li reference; $8. 1316V_. Webster st. '-
OUNG GIKL TO ASSIST WITH CHILDREN
and sleep home. : 1117.Van Ness aye. '
YOUNG GIRL TO LKAR TAILOR TRADE.
Call after 9 a. m., 616 Geary au .■■:-.'
Gl L To DO GENERAL 'HOUSEWORK;
family of 3. 1842 Geary at. : .
GURL'.FOR HOUSEWORK; NO COOKING;
* wages $18. 7-1 Ellis sU
Hr AN TED— YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
II work- 736 Hayes st.
r\ IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1312
VJ Buchanan st. '-^S_B---80-BtCOB-M--___MD-i
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 613
X Baker su ' •'• . v; ; -; .. . -ir "■■-■-':
CHRISTIAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN HoUSE-
\J work and take care of baby. 789% Stevenson.
ENERGETIC WOMAN W.THbaI ALL CAPI-
tal can make money. • Call 131 Post, room 21.
W ANTED— GOOD GIKL FOR PLAIN COOK-
II Ing and general housework. 22-' P»re st. .
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work; small family. ■ 1709 Post - > :
"V7-OUNO GIRL TO assist AT HOUSEWORK;
X references. 637, Ellis st. V
TWO PRESS rEEDERS; ALSOGIKLB ON
X folding box work: 7 a. __ Monday. 620 Market.
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 2221 Sutter st. ,
YV ANTED-FIRBT-CLASS . FINISHER ON
ii pants: steady. 461 Minna, at. . v
A MERICAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK, TO TAKE
■«'■» half interest in dinlnc-room: no capitaL - Soto
House, 32 Fourth at., room 2. ■ .
YV' ED— GIRL >TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
i' work. 1-17. Webster at. ' " ■TA
INTELLIGENT GIRL, NOT OVER. I - • CALL
: Monday after 9 ai 14 Grant aye., room 58. / -.■■:
TJEAUTY; CULTURE, MANICURING, hair-
-»-» dressing i lessens: .'-' day ana i evening. . . MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Pew.-.' .;. ■ " -^
;OUNU GIRL. TO ASSIST IN LIGHTHOUSE-
work; small family. >. 1510 V aliejo, near Polk.
"L^LYNK'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X I clays free; 3to 3. . 14 McAllister, room 67. - ;i
.. HELP ; WANTED— Continued. .
TIT ANTED— PUPiLS FOR
• I school in city: teacher of 10 years' experience:
large class now for-nlng for fall work: larue work-
room; references given. 410 Leavenworth st. ■ ':
YEW SKIKT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
_.> McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket, su ,v • " :• . <
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given »11SS DOYLE. 212 Powell su. 1059 th.
AIRDRESSING, 250 AND 350: MOP.NINW
and eve classes; 101ea»ous,$l 60. \'2 4B Mission.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLJC;
iiX : Winchester House, 44 Third eU, near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8
p»r week: free 'bus and bar«aT» to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
anted'- u _h j ingl_T- "fackerT^ y^woovh
choppers; butcher for country to buy shop or
take half Interest; miners; choreboy for country;
10 farmers: butler. $20 and found: restaurant
and hotel cooks, waiters and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento st. .:■■:..
L'INISHER FOR PAPER-MILL: BUTLER,
-T $30: Japanese cook, $30: 2 waiters, country, |
$25; 6 grapeplckers, $1 25 per ton; 2 plow- hands,
$15: choreman, $10. > R. T. WaRD &CO.. 608 i
and 610 Clay st. . 
\\r STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
" writer (young man) for a large farm, $30 per
month and found, steady place: intelligent young
man, qiiick at plain figures, to weigh grapes at a
I winery in country, $-'6 to $30 per month and
board; 5 Scandinavians to pick grapes in Alameda
County, $26 and board: 3 German farmhands,
near city, $26: 40 itrape- pickers, $20 per month
and 90c per ton; 2 farmhands, small ranch near
city, $15: 2 miners. $52: 2 net waiters, tray-
work, for. flm-class country hotel, $25. each; j
cooks, dishwashers and others; baker, small coun-
try shop, $36 per month and found, fare paid. W.
D. EWER & Co.. 626 Clay st.
BROILER. $40; WASHER, $5 A
week: dishwasher, $15; second cook. $10 a
week; 3 waiters: barber, country shop; dish-
washer, $7 a week; voting man to paint some; 2
young men to wash dishes, $10 and room: second
cook, $26 and room; 2 good shoemakers. MAR-
TINS, 749 Market sb
Cfl GRAPE-PICK KRS, $20 AND $23; 10 MEN
O\J to work In a wine cellar; 8 farmers, $20; 10
laborers: 20 tiemakers, 8c each: 3 choremen, $16:
butter-maker and milker, $20; .young man for a
private family,. $15. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
pARPENTER FOR A VINEYARD; 10 DRIL-
VJ lers; 10 hammermen. ■ MURRAY «_. READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITERS, $25: 3 COOKS, $40 AND $60: 2
dishwashers, $16 and $2u: pantryman, $25.
MURK AY READY, . Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay, u
Ui ANTED— FRENCH COOK _OR PLAIN
IT country hotel, 140; restaurant cook, $12 a
week: waiter for oyster-house, $7 a week; waiter
with dress suit, $30; German pantry b->y, $16 and
found: etc. LEON ANDKK, 315 Stockton st.
TEADY SINGLE MAN FOR RESPONSIBLE
position; one who has done hard work pre-
ferred; $60 per month first year: small, bond or
cash security required. Work, box 88, Call Office.
QHOEMAKER ON REPAIRING. 236 NOE
O su, cor. sixteenth and Market.
WANTED— A WAITKR. 9 STOCKTON ST.
AN WANTED USED TO TEARING DOWN
buildings.' Call early, 1166 Mission au
tURST-CLASS OYSTER MAN. 16 STOCK-
X; ton aU —
<& 7 X . STEADY, RELIABLK MAN AS PART-
<JP I *'• ncr in show-card and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect; splendid chance to learn
good trade. STENBERQ CO., 632 Market sU .
©7 P. AN 1 ED— PAR IN r_R IN GOOD PAY-
<U>.* «->• ing business. Apply 712 Kearny at.,
room 10, between 11 a. m. and ,12 it . .
ARBER-SHOP— BARGAIN; 2 CHAIRS; 15c
1310 Castro su, opp. carhouse.
GET A SHAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
■ shop. . 759 Howard st. ' •
\\r ANT E|l» "a! hat salesman. " R A-
AILORS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
St., Mariner's Home.
riIAILORS WANTED FOX . SEATROOM- CON-
X venient place. 803 Montgomery, R. 6, 3d floor.
ANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
»» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, , un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
not less ih»n 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of 'good
character and ' temperate habits; able to read
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens - will be
accepted: this Important » branch of the naval '
service offers special ludncemeuu: riving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at th«
BecrnlilnK Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, Cal.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
O tecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st. - .'.
AKBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary.' CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
I. AKBEKS-FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC."
-i > X C. Barbers' Asan. S. FUCHs. 325 Urant
• BARBERS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75-
IJ rent, Including gas, $10. 1932 Market su • •
STEAKs., CHOPS, ETC: 6 DISHES FOR 5
O cents. 635 Clay sU. big Yellow FrbnU . I
\\r ANTKD-AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK Op"
11 Rome simple thing to patent? Protect your
Idea*: they may bring ; you • wealth. ■ Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU ,L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted? ■P "
NS, W A DO notJSE . 765 ? MISSION BET.
_W 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, nUht 16c to
Coc;week $1 to $2 50;readlng-room ;strlctest i
Uon to morning calls: clean: quiet: open all night. '
U'A»T_U-Jl_A- TO Lr.AKN BARBER
II trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
eatalogne aonu S. F. Barber school. 1615 HowartU
W A « TED— SO MKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS-
TT $lweeic, 26c nighu ■ 321 Ellis Bosedale. '
VI l-.N'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40c."
« . done while you waiu 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Fiuck's.
ROOMS 16c iv 76c -_M NIuHT: 600 TO *1 60
week. Oriental, 225 Drummsu . \,
\y ANTE -500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
11. boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
ship« n & ?vAii h he 8H e8 L order ' *» 50: hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 7-6% Howard it., beu Third and Fourth 1
W S^*f*|S^ 00 44THIKDST..NEAK
. J> i Market; 200 rooms. .5 cents a night: readlne-
room: free bus and baggage to and irom thTfeiry.,
T^ Y^ C . Mil ; "OUSE. »!,7 MARKET ST.. BE-
. X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week!'
; I in dell 1 house, SIXTH < and HOWARD
J ' sta.;sln C !e inraished rms 75cw«..-k. 160 nl«h-_
rjLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
Howard'st ° D ll " * 1; UUs - wee - onlyT 959
V K -REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
__4. c.ay; bottle wine or beer with hotlnnoh. sc.
100 £_i l !k_. rO ? AKJfi LODGING AT lOa 15c
I «Vi_ *_ d 20 • nl « ht - Including cwfleo mini rolls.
t.4 Washington gt.. near Kearny. ?..t Tv
W "_ JuA _ _ >UKtt '* AND MECHANICS I
i_r !?in n ° W to^ Ed Rolkln .' ««no Bouse proprle-
loj\ tall runs Denver t House. 217 1 Third su: 160
larpw rooma; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per wee x.
li'vii Xt t Cliv -SiING. X ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
t^JLV 1 ' Pe' n'-ht. $_. $1 25. $1 BO.per week,
House. Commercial and Lel.esdorg gta.
W AN| »-BINaLK ROOMS, 16 0 A DAY: $1
wadlmt-room. dally papers. 36 Clay sU
M^'iSSSu^^* 1^ I'^1 '^ «"■«*« WOO!
HEIP WANTED-Contluoed. :i
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
. ers&clerKs. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutler '
WE ARE SHOE DOCTOR^; WE REPAIR
t T shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night, while* you wait: ladies' soling, 35c: men's
soling, 50c: n'ne shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
E2 60. 562 Mission st. bet. First st. and Second St.
AGENTS WANTED. ,' .
XPE RI E N CED AGENTS WANTED TO
XL) sell the Champion Burglar .Alarm; great in-
.lu cements. 2iy 8 Third St., room 5. call 9 till 6.
IN EVERY COUNTY WEST OF MISSISSIPPI j
River, men . and women . to . take agency for I
Lightning Scissors Sharpener: enormous profits;
send at once;. 2sc for sample. , For terms address
K. C. STOWE. box 841, San Jose, Cal. .
GENTS FOR SEED'S WATER-FILTERS;
xiL they fit any faucet, are durable, cheap and sell
on sight: $150 will start yon. 719 Market, near
rhird.
_______________________________________
A CTIVE, ENERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN
A' to earn from $3 to $5 a day. - Rear office, 630
Market st. ..■-.'
pENTLEMANLY SOLICITORS FoR FIRST-
VT class portrals. Baxter Portrait Co.. 432 Bntter.
pANVASSKRS-WITH BRAINS AND ABIL-
Ity; 11 to 12. H. CLARK. 625 Mission st.
A GENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
A of General Nelqun A. Miles," oommander-ln-
chlef of the United States' army, and the greatest I
of Indian fighters; tbe most remarkable book of I
tne century: apply at once for choice of territory.
P. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER <_ RAY CO., 723 Market st. ,
■ : HOUSES WANTED. ," ~
WANTED— HOUSE, 4 OB 5 ROOMS; FAMILY !
of 2. Address F , box 16. Call Offlce. -'
~~ T ~ BOARDING WANTED.
AD^WIT-T: MA I D DEsi RES HOMEirN'A
refined family; not too far out. Answer W.
A., box 72. Call Office. . • -- . ...
WANTED-__ISCELLANEOUS. ""
OLD GOLD AND S'LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
VJ ry, watches repaired. MUND, 113HV ? Ailssion.
ELL YOUR BOOK*, CLOTHING .AND JEW- !
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
iODGING-HOrSES FOB SALE. .
lodging-house; 23 itooMs^ i
» IyJXJ. good furniture and carpets: clears $75.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market St.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY. —
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS
— THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house. $7001 _2-room house $500
, 10-room house. 150 24 rooms, corn "r.. 760
55 rooms, cor.. 3,000 14 looms onSutter 700
11 ra., must sell 200 66 rooms,best city. 3,500
15 rooms, new. 1.250' 31-room house 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, cor.ier.. B,ooo
200 rooms, el. $10,000 j 11 rooms, 0n1y...;. 75
35 rooma.centr. 2.500 10 rooms.Jones st. 300
-I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALT. KINDS
H. C. DICKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
1 A KOOIIB. $1.5 19 ROOMS. $760
-1 \f 45 rooms .: 525 60 rooms. 2,000
14 rooms 600 22 rooms 450
66 rooms, fine... 3.230 12 rooms. 225
132 rooms, new. 7,500 84 room C 1.500
DERWOOD A CO., 766 Market St.
CORNER HOUSE, 45 ROOM-, ON SUTTER
VJ st., clearing $200 per month above expenses:
rent $125 death In family cause of sale. WILKE,
531 California st.
<BJzlAfi 20 ROMS: FULL; RENT $35;
<3EIOU. snap. See SKIFF, 921 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE" 11 ROOMS FOR SALE
XJ cheap. 233 Third »t. * "
C_9nn LODGING-HOUSE— MUST BE SOLD
»IP__'VU. this week; apply in the afternoon. 23Q
Minna st. - . .
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS, ALL RENTED:
cheap. 403 Stevenson, cor. Fifth.
C>t>X(| FURNISHED HOUSE 20 ROOM 8;
«_5O«Jl'. rent «50. ■; 415 Pine, below Kearny.
T^URNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO ISO ROOMS;
: ' $300 to $10.0 0. I'HKLI'SAiO., U7 Larkin.
FURNITURE FOX SALE. ~~~
T^iRhTsAjLTTT . -~^~s^ ' ~~~*~—
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets.. ••.....;,......». $19 5(1
Bed lounges B 'JO
8t0ve5.......... , ... 750
Carpets, per yard ...,.:....„ 65
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard.. .*„. ... „;.-. .. . • 10
Till our new building Is erected these' prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at - SE. corner Seventh aud Mission st_ i. .
NOONAN. ;■;-
I ■'OR SALE— COMPLETE FURNITURE OF 10-
-■ C room house, in whole or . part; must sell im-
mediately. Apply at ale A Valencia st.
T/'URNITURE OF 6 ROOMB:~ALL RENTED :
X 1 account departure. 6-7 Post at., after 12.
Af\(\ CARPtTS: CHAMBER SETS. $14:
1 \J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820; folding-beds.
$10; bar outfit*. : T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission,
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household gnois new or goo.
an new: rash or time, op.-n ven i n -. •
KIKXITIiKK WANTED. "
ASH -c PAID for ENTIRE " houses or
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
rpo SELL FUKNITUR~k To ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. 31LVERSTe.IN.969 Howard sU.-send postal
UCKINGHAM FUK nITURK CO. PAY-)
hlghes' price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st. -
IF YOU WANT GUOD PRICES FOR FURNt-
tore and merchandise see BURP, -211 Larklo.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TOM.
J. SIMMONS' A nc. Co.. 1057 Market., pays cash
. ' CAKPET CLEANING. "
A DVANCE "CAR P^T^L^ANTNG~CO^~4bIJ
Sutter, tel. Main 394. S. 3. FERGUSON.mansr.
ONES «k CO.. MAIN OFFICE 26 AiSX> 2?
Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 1061.
8C A YARD at GREAT western CARPET
Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st. « ■
C CARPET CLEANING, Be.: LAYING. 3c. : RUG
VJ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth v.
V»rHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTF.D WITH
• " poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-&7 Tehama st. ; teL So. 40.
pONKLIN'MCAKPirr IEAUNO WOKKo. o_j
VJ Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
CITY SSTKAMCARPKTOLKANINO.RENOVA-
VJ tin?. Sth. STEVENS, ingr. 'ieL south -SOL
piARPETS CLEANED . AND ItENOVATEU
\J like aew. FERGUSON <t CO., 23 Tenth; til.
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH «fc CO- successor. .
T ; >.. M ITCH CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. „' t J
t» . 14th k;. : cleaning Me h v«rd let. Mission 71
HQKSES^
FOR S A LE^L7GTIT^O^ijSIrEAM^F^LXcKS^
. standard bred Eclectics: also standard-bred bay
mare by Eros, well broken; must be sold, or. will
be exchanged for pacers. Can be seen at 347
iremont st. , and trial given. ■ ■ . -.
ORSE, ROCK A WAY AND FINE PHAE-
.ton lor sale cheap. 1311 California st. . ,
Ij F^RRE-TER, SALESMAN— DRIVING
. and work horses; ail hones bought and >,old
on commission: sales can be i made at reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia su
4HOK SOLD FOR BOARD; : 1 FINE SAD-
die-horse. ■ 164 Golden Gate aye.
THE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA-
X lencla St., is tbe place to go if you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugslea, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C/\ HEAD DRIVING ANDWOKK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
"IX A SETS NEW A.ND I-ECONI< HANj) HAK-
■*-O\J ness, all kinds; : wagons, baggies, surrnys.
rockaways, carts: ' must oe sold.* ■ IIJB Mism:o:i »;
"1 AKGE YOUNG DR AFT HORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch.. 63o Commercial.
F\(\(\ SliT NEW A-NJ> >KCON U-11AN D H.VK- I
*J\J\J ness: all kinds; buggy. waeon, cart?, surrey I
& rocka wav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A(\ HOKHES J-Ui; SALK; ALSO--'. WAGONS."
ri\J baggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hur.n
Market, 327 SlxUi st. ; auction sales every WedueV
-ar. SULLIV'-N A POYLE. Anftlon*»"r<. r
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TPF AJTO SECOND* '- BAND . WAGONbI
Xl bakery, laundry and delivery cheau. 414
Broadway. .. . ; * -*^
TAUNDRY WAGON, i KXPKESs . WAGON*
XJ road cart, delivery wagon. 1620 Mission st. -"
1/OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES. FINIS
X\ carriages of every desc-lptlon: cash not.," or
Installments. CHrvill Mfg Co., jfr-48 Bih st. S. X
.. ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW, '
i A DVICE FREE-DIVORC^LAWS~T^PK£r I
A alty; private; no charge unless successfuFiu
lawsuits, claims, collection-., wills, deeds etc." it
tended to. G. W. o WE. atfy-at^aw 850 Mai'iiS!
VJOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 636~7aRRott
IN building: tonsultatlous free; modefafe tel
KINGORE & MALCOLM, ATTORNEyFat
law, room 431 Parrott building (Emponum^
ADVICF FRKU: No CHARGE UNI k<*«* <uti™
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON.M7 afi^,^ 0 -
W hiV VK i AMt . A ' 1 " 1 " V " A l ' l - v W,»81 PARKOTT
VV .hldg. Practices i" «H conrts: C nanr^ m^«r»r-
PROFESSIONAL CAItDS. ~~~
T??oV 1 '? ai i i _T'
J 421. fourth floor, Parrott bulldlngTKnV^HnSy
r°.M N LAW OFFICES. ROOTk£
j as g^ita _*A^_^Ss-5;
PHYSICIANS. '. > ■:.-■• r-;
XJ Golden Gate aye. ;dlaeaaea of womena.n^
1 tfiS* 1 *'A-1L TO CONSULT DR. JORDA\~Tt
UM worst c»m« tn»u>d •atUfactorUy oy MU. '
BUSINESS CHASCEB. _
T^RrVER^N^AINT AND CARPENTER
X shop- from $500 to $750 cash needed: lonz es-
tablished: large contracts: knowledge of business
not ecessary; office work. WiLKE, 631 Call-
fornia st. .•. -' '---•■ - . ■ ,
&AC\(\ GROCERY AND BAR WITH LIV-
tihTtUU." ing rooms: ■ doing Rood business: low
rent: choice location, close to Market st. WILKJs.
...WOLF, 531 California at. -■■.--■
CM Cfi/\ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN
rt"« I OUU Hotel: straight 10c bar: long lease:
first-class day and night trade. WILKE, 531
California st. .....' ■ -. ■ " - .■ ' '''■■■ - ' ■
<_>«_>^f\ PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
<!Tt>»JU. er-shop; 8 miles from city: rooms: low
rent- average 4 cattie sold per week; r are chance
for righ; party.' W ILKE, 531 California St.
T ODGING-HOUSE OF 46 ROOMS, WITH SA-
XJ loon established years; lease; low rent; very
be»t location; rarest chnnce for German man ana
wife. WILKE, 531 California st. .
© 1 <7flf\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
Up 1 I KJyJ. choicest location: Western Addition;
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala: fullest investi-
gation piven. WILKE <fc WOLF. 531 California.
ffI.:AA j.ESTAURANT "ON- KEARNY ST.;
tjjst)»'U.' actual value $1200; rent $50; owner
called East on'account of sickness. WILKE. 581
California st. '
QALOON; CORNER; ESTABLISHED 16
0 yean: No. 1 locality: opposite carhouse; low
rent; long lease; fine living apartments: table
for a r roadhouse or hotel ; this is a money-making
place. T. LU BELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
ffljQXn SALOON WITH FOUR FINE LlV-
<tjp O«JU. ing-rooms and bath, doing good bust-
ness: cheap rent: fine locality; fine ousiness for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
<_ 7HH ONE °*' THi!: FIK EST RESTAU-
•_S 4W. rants m city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full , investigation;
reason for soiling, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and am- one wanting a business of this kind
will find on Investigation all that is claimed for it:
this la a rare chance. T.H'BELSKI, 7 i Ity Hall ay.
Oil i\(\(\ partner IN WELL-ESTAB-
«3P±UUv. lished office business: the only ob-
ject In taking partner is to extend the business;
investigation it: show this to be rare chance: a
flue opportunity for energetic man. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. .
<StQ'f\ SALOON AND RESTAURANT: OK
vpOOxl. will take partner; ' the finest chancy
ever offered; fine locality, cheap rent and.good
business: T. LUBELt-KI, 7 City Hall aye.
*Tf\i\ PARTNER BCTCHKR SHOP TO
£.\J\!. deliver orders and collect r a .vertiser
practira' butcher: dears $160 monthly. BTEN-
BERO CO.. 632 Market st. ___ .-'--.■ ' ''
<Bi '-> 1c; s a"Eo6n i 3 ~k06m3 UPSTAIRS; _
«IPO I O. furnlsh»d: daily receipts $8 to $10;
will sell at sacrifice this week to cash buyer.
STENBERG <fc Co., 632 Market st. ." ■ ■ .",;
<n»P.nnn SALOON, ma K ket- ST.: best
t\pO\J\J\J. fitted up place on the coast: 2 casn
registers, safe, etc. ; laise stock of best quality On
hand; low rent; business will speak for Itself;
more than value in sight; owner made fortune
and la retiring. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market St.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nltures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocks. STENBKRG CO.. 632 Market. bU
<3M)7iA HALF INTEREST IN A CORNER
COUU. saloon; city front: prefers partner to
hired help. SI'KNBERG CO., 632 Market St.
Si 1 f\f\ STATIONERY AND BRANCH BAK-
«JP IUU. cry: good location: 2 rooms In rear.
STENBERG CO.. 632 Market St.
JU>T THE BUSINESS U WANT TO BUY
for Just the price U want to pay: all branches.
MYERS <fc GKAHAM, 777 Market St. -
/"COMPETENT MAN, CAPABLE OF3IANAG-
XJIng large business; well recommended and hare
$1000 cash. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market St.
ILL SELL OR TRADE FOR REAL ESTATE
'» shares In fnilt-gro«ifut company paying large
dividend. MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
fflj I Ann FINE A U RANT AND
iJpIWU. oyster parlor: rlrst-class trade and
location; receipts. $65 daily: a fortune for some
one: thorough investigation invited; only res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect sac-
rifice. See MYERS <fc GiiAHAM,777 Market st.
01* V) Xi| CRiI' ICE — SALOON. 3 ROOMS,
«IT OOX'm kitchen; well furnished: fine stock and
fixtures; best accommodations: receipts $15 to $20
dally. MYERS & G AHAM, 777 Market at.
TTOTELTO LEASE Full A TER.'d OF Y-tiARS;
XX new B-story and basement bick- building,
containing 98 rooms; aUo ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block,
north of . Market st., and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnlshea
throughout: furniture for sale on reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. SIL-
VERBEKG. 320 Hanaome st., room 39. :
FOR SALE— OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
-T lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
Id fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for*"3elliiie. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Offlce.
fflJfiOfl STATION KRY, NOTIONS, NEWS-
*ip\JO\J, stand, cigars and tobacco, circulating
library, branch bakery, etc. : old-established, steady
cash trade: affords good living: near schools;
sunny corner; 4 living-rooms, yard, stable: cheap
rent; value In sight: this is a legitimate business.
L., box 66, CalL
uj»7p;a FINE large DOUBLE TEAM,
«ID I *J\J. with 2 stead/ houses in city, 1 In Port-
land and 1 in Seattle to haul for: this is a rare
chance; business paying from $160 to $300 p*>»
month. Inquire of WILLIAM BROWN, 408
Davis st.
"lor well-paying wholesale
X and retail liquor, cigar and fancy grocery busi-
ness in a well-known health resort in California;
good reason for selling. For particulars apply to
DAN EINSTEIN, 630 Market st.
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY ; BAKES 2i/i
barrelsaday: 2 fine horses and wagon; large*
store and outside trade: will ae.l cheap on account
of death in family; trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market.
1 ADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKK GEN-
XJ tleman partner, to help purchase fine-estab-
lished business: will furnish equal amount money;
capital required $1500. X.. box 15, Call Office.
ICYCLE-STOKE AND MA oil I BISHOP;
well established; complete stock of bicycles,
sundries, tools, vulcanizer. oven, etc.: opportunity
for a machinist. 1113 Market st.
ARTNER WANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
contracting business; pays from $100 to $160
each; must- be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25. Call Office.
ffljOKlUi BEST- PAYING BUSINESS IN-
«JpOt»V/\/. vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc.; established 1889; must be sold.
Address P.. box 35, Call Office.
POOD PAY ING FAMILY WINE AND LIQUOR
VJ store; established 10 years: rent cheap; sold
account of too much other business. . For partlcu-
lars apply 20 Lafayette su
SEED'S WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST
0 they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap*
-5c and 50c; sent by mall on receipt of price. 719
Market st.. near Third. .-.-, . • .^~.
JUNE CORNER GROCERY FOR SALE- FIVE
X . living-rooms: low rent and lease. Jnq'ulre at
once room 40, Chronicle building, W. D. HEND
.^l^oo *. ESTA URANT: ESTABLISHED
<©X__VU. 15 ! year_; a pick-up: doing a good
J}g s i n *?j 8: make offer; investigation given! Apply
L I IR CLaSS - SALOON. WITH 15 FUR-
-1 nished . rooms: No. 1 locatlog; owner made a
fortune. Address A. H., P. 0. box 3-tO,Valle3o,Ca"
iftjSh AVKKAOK WEr.Ki_Y NET I CO_B
«pOO $250 invested; safe, conservative"; pros^
tns, proors, free. F. DALY, 1.03 Broadway N.T.
AT. AN. HOUR'S NOTICE A. > oWAN BUYS
-rv stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15, -5 . Montgomery!
THIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORK FOR SALE IN
■ wti ? 8 T 9 i miist b " sold before October 1. Ap-
ply WILLIAM OSTERMAN, San Jose.
OALOON — $400: RAR_ OPPORTUNITY"
must sell, as my othnr business demands my
entire aUonttou. Apply 2U9 Kills st.
n.KNTLI-:MAN PARTNER (GERMAN)
MLo V a s roon^^ lady: C ° a ° try buBineB - 0
©KAA COBiV'KR GROCERY AND BAR.'
OCaU0 CaU oK 11Vln8 r>Om;lOWrem - aG <&
\\~ E WILL BUY OR SELL YOUR Brsi-
MarkltV 1 ° DCd - UNDERWOOI> <& CO., 765
iuai i\6t 3'>.
TO BUY OR SKLL A POULTRY RANCH OR
si.. ~o S m T * Uy klnd See *• Ull " L> " 7 Mar « t
■DAKERY AND NOTION'S; NEAR VALEN-
Call Offiw. eP ° i; BOOd bUBiness : bargain. Apply
PAPER HOUTK;IN INTERIOR CITY,
this office D Fr » nclBLO - F " r Pwticulanappfy
L A m FK V M ™ X EAST *»KBHIES GKNTLE-
roonTI". P " : Small ca P |tal - 865y_ Market au,
$600 GROCERY AND BAR: FINE COR-
ketsu ! mUSt BelU DXC KER. 1020 Mar-
T° , LET — RESTAURANT, FURNISHED-
-»• doing good buslneas. Apply l",_faioDramm:
jy^lLK 11017 51 11 CANS - 2 HORSKS. WAOOXT
"*■ etc. ; make an offer. .M. F., box 58, Call office.
§> 300 BARGAIN : SALOON ; TRANSFER
UUV| pi_ce; fine stock liquors. 805 Howard^
G i 'c N M t L MA ' I^aktner" WITH small
VJ capital wanted by lady. 821 Howard, room 1 -
C^nn^ °jf OCKRY AND BAR; LIVING-
v-/ rooms: good location: rent $20. 616 Market st.
S^° U^ , LON , H ljK A!S - low - AP "
*~> ply at Union Brewery. Eighteenth and r londa.
"|U)-ttCHAN^ISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
-'J- bought by J. C. HER, 63- MarUet, rm. 2.
1 . ADy FROM CUBA DESIREb GENTLEMAN.
■*-* partner; small capital. 9 PoweU st^room 7.
TAKE | PARTNER OR SELL 81-ACKSMITH
a shop; good business. Address D.. bo* 8, CalL
jnl NT LKMAN , PAR! WANTED^ BY
v-« . lady of Foaie means. -• 1 Fifth sU. room 12.
I ADY A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
XJ $35 capital. .12 Mason at., room 2.
L OK SALE—A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
■L at 114 O'Karre l st.: H.
TO LET-BAKKHY READY FOR BUSINESS.
8200 Sixteenth st. ■ .
ROUTE FOR SALK ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
XV quire at Call Office. vHOrSKS TO LET. _^
O-bTORY HOU<E 8 ROOMS AND^BATH; $25
— and water. 525 Octavia su, corner Hayes.
OAQ FOLHOM. REAR; NEW HOUSE, 8
Kf\JU rooms; suitable 4 families; yards; closets;
rent s 6 each. Apply 935 iolM>m. ________
9 TENEMENTS: B AND 4 rooms $8 AND
— j $10. 813 Jessie at., ur. Ninth. Key in grocery.
d» 7,^ REDUCED FROM $90— FINE NEW
♦J I O. and modern residence of 18 rooms; •_
baths, etc.; excellent location for private boardine-
house or residence; close to Van Ness and Post at.:
a positive bareain: llbfral inducements to respon- .
Bible party. SHAINW.iLD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
'2-0 Montgomery st.
"1 Ul A VALLEJO, NEAR GOUGH — NKW
X OX^r house: tine marine view; 10 rooms and
bath: modern Improvements: rent very reason-
able to suitable tenant. ,-■* '
9 r. PEARL, OFF MAHKKT-FIVE ROOMS:
! — O bath: large ya-d; stable; sun all day. - -
VLEOAKT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS: MOD-
xj em improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
A Ulster su ■ -.-..■. - ;
Qilk Rr.AR HOUSE: 5 KOOMS ANDCE.-
f^>X\J. Ur. inquire 7»Hi Howard st., neat
Third. 1 : : ■ : - :
ROOMS; BATIT 17 HAMPTON PLACE,
off Folsom s:.. bet. Second ana Third.*
Sft9f> HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, BASE-
i3P*mO. ment and yard. 521 Pace st.
Q9A 2814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
O~V/. $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
OUSEr* TO UKNT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery Rt. - ■■----
——-—___ ___
COTTAGK OF 6 ROOMS, Fl' 1; \ sh
\J housekeeping: rent $17. 746 Howard st.
T ARGE COTTAGE. 7 ROOMS, BATH: LaRGK
XJ grounds, suitable for nursery; electric-cars
pass: cheap. 158 old San Jose road.
CxC.K ti ROOMS AND t LaT~S~ROOMS.
820 Va Jessie su. off Ninth.
<£l(l tkf) C - T AGE IN TOWN. 8 TAY ST.,
<7IU.OU.off clay, bet Powell and Mason.
OWNS V COTTAGES. 4. AND 5 ROOM-, BATH\
0 yard and stable. Fifteenth ana Dolores ata.
4 TO 6 ROOM NICK FLATS AND COTTAGES;
<± $10 to $16. BPECK &CO-. 602 Market at.
nnvo COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH:
X rent $9, »14. A3 i-327 Cumberlana si.
1 * ! \99.' IURK ~ COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3-
J XJ — — room rear cottage: large stable.
'•>£9zt MISSION— BPLEXDID~~COTTAOE 8
—■*-"■ '~^ rooms ana bath; yard: flower garden -.slB.
- ]> EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
-li Geary. Sutter. FrauV 'in and other streets ; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK & CO.. 602
Varket st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
If OR SALE- SKW 7 RNII<iI7cD^FLATT7
x ri oms. a: a sacrlrlcp. 125 ■ rove sl.
FLATS TO LKT. "
(< D.VLK PLACE, OFF GoTdKn" GATEaVeH
1 • bet. L«>av«*nworth and Hyde— 6 rooms and bath.
•m . i. A ; f-Cit -l. — ■ 1 AT 5 UOOJIMHi iT AND
— *■' cold water; stationary tubs: large cellar.
K EDUCED To $1B:-N1CE 4- ROOM. FLATS;
Jl> 12 and 22 Birch aye., off Larkln St., opp. City
Hall; newly papered ana decorated. .SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE <_ CO., 218 and 2iO Mont-
tonieryst.
9 LOVELY FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH",
-- gas: large yards: In perfect order: 4 rooms,
*18; 5 rooms, $15; water free. 3928-3930 Nine-
teenth at., beu No« and Sanchez. t
"IF YOU WANT A NICE SUN.NY FLAT. OR
x. cottage, see me; 1 have some rice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBICLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Qj Q 2 SUNNY, 4-ROUM FLATS AND PORCH.
<2*J. TlBoycest.. off Point Lobos aye.
V ICE SUNNY FLATS OF 4 OR 5 ROOMS AND
-1-' hath: reasonable. 6 Dearborn st-, on! seven-
teen: above Valencia. .
SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROUiIS AND BATH;
$18. 2SIO Bush st.
PPEK FLAT 5 ROOMS, KA i H AND BASE-
ment; rent $17. 322 Sanchez, nr. Sixteenth.
'LAT BROOMS: YARD; ALSO COTTAGE 4
rooms; yard: all sunny. 623 second su, nr.
Bran nan.
LKGANT FLAT 7 ROOMS: PERFECT OR-
der: low rent to good teoau:. 827 Howard
St.. nr. Four.
I vi iWii M'.-o idiuJl-; AND BATH: RKA-
Xj^it sonablereat: Castro and Flllmore-st car.*.
UPPKK BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF a KOOMS,
bath and porch; nicely- tinted and frescoed;
furnished compiete for house-keeping, $lti: or
ma downstairs. $12. 814 Fifth aye.
Ui A.Nlhli-iUJ GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
from $10 up fur flats, cottages, SPECK <_
« P., 602 Market St.
"L" LA TS TO riK.NT FoR VKRY LrTTLK
X l , money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
"qTq FLAT 4 ROOMS; 21 RITCII, NR. FOL-
*D XO. som. Apply to 11. PL A Kg, 525 Geary ct,
ifcTfyT pp^rTZat, * rooms : a aXlTdo
tJSXV/. ble parlors: references. 1606^4 Steven"
son. near Eisnteenth. *
-.-. , L buVl'tl — 4- IiOOM SL'.NMf" UPPER
_.O l« fiat; rent $14; water free. -
7071 MCALLISTER— FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND
•O I 2 bath: all modern - improvements; rent
$18- Key 737.. '
TF YOU WANT TO RENT OR SELL A HOUSE
X QKCi, W. TI. PATTERSON A CO. '. . ".
, a tt'c.Dal'tK-el.-i RoOMS A.ND BATH;
itt Cheap to good tenant : co children.' '
PPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS A-\D BATH; £
J bay-t\in lows; sunny side Lily aye. ; rent $14.
41SVj Lily aye. - ■
S" "UNNY FLAT— COR- GOUGH AND GROVE
ats.; 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. -Key as
White's drugstore. «.-.
SUNNY FLAT.S; 4 AM) a ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and *9. 2041 »la-rlnon, opo. 18th-
-1?i LAT. 4OK 5 K00.M.-, BATH: CHEAP. 1513
Taylors peu Pacific and Broad war. .
TPPKRFLAI. ROOMS: BaTH; CELLAR;
U opposite Lurltne Baths. Key 1212 Lark-in.
91 7 Q FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
— JL I O s-unny flat of 5 rooms and bath; $14.
A SUNNY, ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
i floor: cJean: delightful private street, $15.
DIiMPSTER, 33 Oien I'utk aye., off Twelfth.
OWE:; 'BAY-WINDOW: FLAT 5 LARGE
- rooms: yard. ! 0 _oss St., between Sixth and.
seventh, off Howard.
C*l 7 UPPER >LAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
Ox • • Nineteenth st., between Hartford and
Ostro, near two cars; apply lower flat.
WO LAKGE SUNNY ROOMS, WASHROOM,
X large yard; for housekeeping. 23 Klgin Park.
9 ELEGANT FLATS NEA* CITY HALL; 4
- and 5 rooms. 6 and 718 Grove st.
w- I a CMolCls C.CNNV 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
tli'X'x. Broadway. '
ToTTa TURK. Ri-.AK — SUNNY, UPPER
>)£\J fiat; ail li«ht 100 ms; rent $12. ■
9j »> SEVENTH, NR. HOWARD — UPPER
*•* *»' flat of 4 anno v rooms and bath. ' ~< ■ *■•-.•
UOU»KKKKPING KOOMB.
~ """" ■ Burtlett'street.
A 9A BARTLETT, NKAR TWENTY-FIFTH- |
'1 _.U 2 or 3 large bay-window rooms, complete
for housekeeping. • " - "
Buchanan Street.
r.»A9 BUCHANAN, CONNER FELL— SUNNY I
\J\JAi furnished bedrocm, kitchen, pantries: $11.
Hush, Street. -
9Q-1 Ql • BUBH— N2WLY FURNISHED PAR-
— -Ox tJ't lors and single rooms; housekeeping.
— . - ■ I
Clementina Street.
09 A CLEMENTINA, BET. FOURTH AND
*J±i~x Fifth— 2 rooms, front and sunny, complete
for housekeeping; $10. |
AR\ CLEMENTINA — 1 UNFURNISHED
trUJ hons keeping room: cheap. - - .
• J-.<ldy Street.
A 1 PL EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
Ox O private family; fine location; gas range.
tilth Street.
■I A 7 FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
ivI, nished targe front room to let.. .
1 A £.1 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
lit)? houseketpinc. $12: other rooms, cheap.
'-< I A FIFIH— LAKUE M'.VXV VKONT " B"ED-
OX I room and kitchen: yard; private; 11.
:v : J-illuiore Street.
©TO SUNNY FURNISHED PABLO RS: U3K
0 I —. of kitchen, ba:h. laundry, yard; no ob-
jection to 1 child. -13 Filimore at., near Halsht
. 1 ol aom Street.
en- FOLSOM— LARGE, SUNNY FURNISH-
u_- O ed room, light housekeeping. $1 76 week. .
I 9/11 FOLSOM— BAY-WINDOW SUITE AND
l_-ttX kitchen, complete, sls; 2 uniurnlshed,
$10: reference. • ■  - . . . •
1 uunli street. "
90s FOURTH - ROOMS SUITABLE FOR.
_._w«J light housekeeniog: also single.
1-ulton Streac.
II FULTON— 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
J 10 rooms complete; sunny; large yard; $10.
. . v * **___ t< " 1 "
A 1 A GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
~i I '.' rooms: comple.e tor housekeeping; $10
upward. * ' ':" "" ■ ■' ''■"■' "" '' " --
C. 99 C|| fOR ADULTS; 6 ROOMS. BATH:
cZ-.OU. all necessaries; 9 beds: reference
required. 1917 Geary st. ' .-...■•
"~~ ~- >uw»ru Street. ■
HA n HOWARD- SUNNY FRONT BOOH,
I lO with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
rent $12.
1 9r,\4 HOWARD— NICK LARGE BAY-WIN-;
1 £01 dow room* suitable tor housekeeping;
very cheap. .* ■ ; ..' - '" .^ ■ ■',■•'• •
"I C9.J HOWARD-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
X _»_,_. housekeeping; upper flst.saony rooms.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
' . •Jackson Street.
o^o JA CKSON, NEAR MASON - FUR-
? 9; XIe BU $" Dy frODt ' ltrge hoUBe^^g
Jessie Street.
400 JESSIE, NEAR MINT-2 PLEASANT
gleT eh h a )u * eltee ln 8; room furnished; also « l n-
Lax-kin street. -
49Q LARKIN— NICKIiY FURNISHED AND
if T i B nny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
11 oesired.
;~ Market Street.
1 o^l9 MARKET — FURNISHED HOUSE-
-i-vo_j keeping rooms, la rear, $2 week; also
single. $1 50 up. ; . . ...
Jn«h,oii Mre« ..
Q^_il MISSION— SUNN V HOUSEKEEPING
< ~'"" I ''J rooms, furnished, unfurnished, $5; single
room $4. •
]f|(;C AND 10«3 MISSION — CHEAPEST
j XVJUO and deaaest housekeeping; and others.
1 k')O ■MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
'"^- housekeeping; upper flat, sunny rooms.
' » iiatoma Street. •■
IJ A"] NATOMA.COR. EIGHTH— FURNISHED
I vi. or unfurnished rooms ■ for housekeeping;
reasonable. --_ .r^> •
> 111 Hi Street.
1I Q NINTH, 2D FLAT— 3 UNFURNISHED'
X I O and 1 furnished room; housekeeping. - 1
, Oak Street.
"I A OAK — 3 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
X\J for housekeeping.
Octavia Street.
1 _tnQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY — SUNNY
XtrvO furnished parlors and kitchens, gas
stove, $18; partly, $12.
I' ui.lt Street.
KO^POLK ST.— 4 ROOMS AND BATH; $12.
Seventeenth Street.
Q_JCQ SEVENTEENTH— LARGE FRONT
O"tUO room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nlshed for honsekeepini:: rent $8. - •
- . . . . Mi.. 11 Street.
i OAA SIXTH — 2 FINELY FURNISHED'
•«-t:'± front rooms; corople.e; housekeeping: $14.
Tnird sire©:.
140 THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X'±O rooms; complete; first floor; front; bath;
gas. .
, Twenty-alxtn street.
QQXr: TWENTY - SIXTH — FURNISHED
*JOv*J rooms for housekeeping, $8 to $10; single
;$4 and $6. ,
OOf» 7, TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
*Ji)\J I Furnished sunny housekeeping suites;
yard; $8, $10.
Valencia Street
; HQk Valencia— extra NICE HOUSE-
XXOU keeping rooms; unfurnished; 2 or 4; with
I bath: sunny; reasonable.
\w_. .Sen* Aveuue.
909 VAN NESS AYE.-SUNNY ROOMS;
«_>_ complete for housekeeping ; also sunny
single. ° *
Weigh Street.
m WELSH, OF* 5 FOURTH — 2 OR 3
nicely furnished housekeeping rms; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
-.--2 renting agency; no fee for registering.
FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ;statea or Canada one year for 81 50, post-
' age free.
BOOMS TO LET. .
Bash Street
119K BUSH. COR. HYDE-SUNNY ROOM;
J-XOU upper flat: $10; with bath.
i ddy Street.
A] EDDY, COR, '- MASON — FINE SUNNY
I.L rooms; day, week, month or transient.
i 7 1 Q EDDY — FURNISHED ROOM; RUN-
j I -L<7 nlng water; lower floor: $5 per month. '
BggHte'— .._>»> X': live..
CHERMA- ATARI MOTTM?. r~ BTH
0 «... near Market: lurni-ihM «nd unfurnished.
, ] _-»»ii« streoi.
THE BAMOSA. 130 KLLJ3: MRS. KATE?!.
HART. manager— A quiet house: r*ntr%lly lo-
I rated: newly furnished: elevator; hot A cola waler.
i 09 I ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR • BKST
«)~.J lodging we recommend the Kosedale House. ■
AO9 ELLIS— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
ttO_j lor; also single room: terras moderate.
-. .... 1 ul«om Strcoi. •■
15S1 FOLSOM-FCRNISHED FRONT ROOM
• I t)O I to leu
Oeary Street.
j 9>-«EARY— 3 SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR;
• — <X I cottage; key premises. • ... •
xic geary-thorocglTly renovated
"I*- 1 nowly furnished sunny handsome parlors;
suites and single.
Ooiueu tiatn Avenue.
c golden GATE " aye—pleasant
»I» sunny rooms In a private family.
i*ougn street.
1 RH^ cough— large sunny pleasant
J.UU_»room; new furniture; board optional;
private family. • ...
■ liuwira snen..
' 1 Rf\R HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY FRONT
j X QUO rooms; rent $9. "
1 uoiif» si rent. .
907 .'ON-KP-THK VAX WTfTKI.Pi: KKX7
-U • sanacement: elegaat runny sultea anJ
tmcle: newly furnished; bath, etc; $10 to «m
1 — _
. »■ earn- aMMti
j 90 KKARN Y-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
j --O i»rnn reasonable: quiet house.
I On KKABKY- FURNISHED SUNNY SUITE,
»i\J single rooms; electric lights; transient so-
licited. .. . ;
I A HLING*ON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
u\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Laguna Street.
9QI C LAGUNA, NEAR UNION—. NICELY
--OX \J furnished rooms.
l.arkiii htreec.
STRATHMORE HOUSE, 205 LARKIN, TAKE
0 elevator, flat Nicely furnished front rooms
with use of parlor and piano, • $20: for gentleman
only. ■--.... 'r -. ..
I 1 l )(\(\ LARKIN — SUNNY : FURNISHED
. X--VJU front room, $5; back room, $4. v
• Sau.lkt>t Str««.. v^
i "VT OBEMITB HOUS*.. 1045 MARKET — PBB
! 1 night. SBc to $1 : w-elc. »1 60 to $6: families.
-. Mason Street.
Ino MASON— 3 ROOMS: . FIRST FLOOR;
X\J£i suitable for doctor or dressmaker.
Al Q MASON, opp. NATIVE SONS* HALL—
"XO Furnished rooms; sunny; suite or single.
, McAllister Street.
99A1 MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL-
«-<—''» Large sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooma: suitable for offices: also 2 suites. •
Minna Street.
f*arj MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
•bikklon i.a«>.
Mr MISSION — NEWLY FUBNIHHED
Ort I rooms by day, weeic or month, 26c to $1
per day. . .
ft] MISSION- NICELY FURNISHED
UXO rooms,lsc to 50c per night; $1 week.
1 "?(\i\ MISSION— FRONT AND BACK PAR.
X--UU lors, nicely furnished; board optional.- .
Pine Street.
1 K9*> PINE — LA RGB BAY-WINDOW;
JLO~iO front room; also 2 large back rooms. •
i'oat Street.
701 POST-BUNNY PARLOR floor, en-
Ivi furnished, auliable for a physician; also
nicely furnished rooms; reference requited. .
Vowel 1 Street.
9 9-21 4 POW E iT (WILLIBFORDI— EN.
*- J — tlrely renovatea throughout; newly: for-
■l»hed rooms: en suite or single; terms reasonable.
second Street.,
C 9 SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS PER WEEK
O£i 91 50 to $3; single, $1 to $1 50; per day, 2&c
and 60c. • ■ ■ ■ .
beventh Street.
1 AC) SEVENTH— PLEABANT ROOMS FOR
Xtc-J housekeeping; also single rooms. * : - .
, Stockton Street.
I EUROPEAN- (THE), 17 fUTOCKTOUT— FUR-
J nlshed suites, $4 to $10;;sinKle rooms, $1 60 to
$3 week; 600 to 92 night: hot and cold running
water. ln every room: baths; elevator; transient.
C "I Q STOCKTON,; NKAR - BUSH - FINELY
OXO(furnlsbed suite and single rooms; private
family. - '-,-■
■ uiier »ireet, j - ' ;
QA.Q PUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES.'
O\rO $1 25 to 10 wk ; night 2&c_to 1 60: transl.
C I A BUTTER— KLEGANTiTy '♦ FURNISHED
Ox Tt parlors; rant low to desirable persons.
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CAJL.L, MUJSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
' Taylor Street,
1 OQ TAYLOR — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
X\JO gi 60 and $2 per week. '
£♦"1 O TAYLOR— 2. SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
yJX£i also suite; rent reasonable.
' ,'i inns Mree;-
-m THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
XO 1 rooms, $1 and up; aiso housekeeping.
'lurk Street.
"I f\ TURK— NICE SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
x\J room; private family; rent 3&. ■
~._IC TUKK— LARGE SUNNY ROOM; HOT
"■a:*-* and cold water; suitable for 2 gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
.- "Washington street.
"1 Al Ob WASHINGTON-NICE FURNISHED
X\t_X~- sunny rooms: rent reasonahle.
BOARDIXG AND KOO3IS.
; OfJQ JON^EV^LOVJ-riTv^^TNV^^ARLOR
*J\frJ suite and elegantly furnished single rooms,
with hoard: large window-son all sides: furniture,
etc., entirely new; water hot, cold; splendid, luxu-
rious bath: new house: flower garden; only three
bloc s trom Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who enjoy comfort and ease: most conve-
nient and comfortable rooms to be had. ' . :
QIC VAN NESS — HANDSOMELY . FUR-
''XO nlshed alcove suite and single room: pri-
vate family; private dressing-room, bath, etc.; su-
perlor table: reasonable: near St. Mary's CathedraL
P. QO ELLIS — NEWLY RENOVATED. FUR-
iJUU nlshed or unfurnished rooms; board op-
tional. ■ ■ ■ ■
1 California— pleasant alcove
X*J— >\J sunny rooms with parlors, with board.
1 1 07 BU.-*H-NICKLYFURNISHEDFRONT
"'" room with board; pri vate family ; reason-
aole.
OQI ?. CLAY, NR. DEVISADERO— SUNNY
'CJJ.«J room: use of parlor: board $25, or $40
lor two; gas, bath; Eddy or Sacramento-st. cars.
"1 4.1 R SUTTER — FINELY FURNISHED
J. J rooms and board; < use of bath and bil-
liard-room: references.
1 'Sl'lO. DKVisADERO-FURNISHED ROOMS
XUXJQ with board: $20 per month.
A") A EDDY— SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
t—t rooms; beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable.
OTKJ. BKRT LING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: referenced iU veil aviv nKiuxred; all mod-
»~i convenience i.
CHH.DKEN BOAKJJED.
INFANT OR SMALL CHILD: QUIET, HAP- I
X py, sunny home: mother's tender care; 2 ladies;
large yard; near Golden Gale Park. 1636 Grove.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WISHES AN IN-
fant 10 board : 810 per month. '2919 Sixteenth.
STOKES TO LET.
vna Kor^TM^s^o'rtE^NirirßTjoM^rA^^
," vu flat 4 rooms over store: rented separately
If desired ; rent cheap. Apply 9.{6 FoUom.
1 ARGE store, WITH up-to-date FRONT
JJ and thow-windows: located 420 Sutler tt.
Apply to R. McELRoY. 4 Phelan building.
A I A KEARN IT— LIGHT DKSIRA-
Tl « «'le store: occupied at present by paying
restaurant: low rent. Arply on premises, room }<4.
OFFICES TO i,ET.
I^E^llO^BrT^O^KTlN' A PLEASANT SUSH
J ny office in Crocker building for $15 per month,
with iree services of a competent senographer.
Address H. H. BACON, box 92, Call Office.
DKNTAL OR OTHER OFFICE; CHEAP;
cor. Polk and Sutter; also rooms. 1141 Polk.
9*-?^i SUTTER - NICELY FURXISH\KD
-"U front connecting suites, especially adapted
for doctor. . .... •
("1 A LIFORNIA AND LEIDESDORFF (L. AND
V. L. and G. bulldini;— Sunny offices; light, water,
heat «nd janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California at. . .
IPINK OFFICES: 23 KKAKNY ST.; SUITA-
V blefor any business.
SPRKCKEL3 BUILDING. 827 MARKET-"
*J Elegant siuinv offices. $13 50 up; electnc-llzht:
lieatlng and janitor service free. Apply at bulldini
nru. H. U.MBSKX A CO.. 14 Mnntgom >%«. '
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND BARGAINS; 1-RAWFORIT
$80: Barnes, $55: Ben Hur. Ladles', »50; Fow-
ler, $55; Ladles' Fowler ■•96,'' a bargain; also
others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
HlGh-GRADK 2D-HAND WHEKLS $25 UP:
sundries below cos 216 McAllister.
rERY FiNK '96 BICYCLE FOR BiQ. DAVID
N. EAWLEY, 318 Market st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO __CT;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, _l>
AUUter and Powell at. «-ar lines. .
J-OK SALE-31X_CE-LA>EOUS.
SEWING MACHINE (DOMESTIC), ALMOST
O new, going away: cheap. 1346 Market. R. SB.
(IT»'>^ NEW 5-DRAWER DOMESTIC SEw'-
ifomJ. ing machine. 1916 Mission at., bet. Fif-
teenUi and Sixteenth. ■ . •- •• -
ADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner; small capital required, 9 Powell, r. 7.
S~ ECOND-HAND SINGER PATCHING MA-
O chine for sale. 635 Mission st. ■ ;
BANDSAW, HAND AND FOOT POWER;
piano box bu 1 gy, full leather top: heavy busi-
ness bUKj?y with top: good business horse, harness
and lignt wagon: all will be sold cheap. 820
Howard st.
<»k'-MWI NEW COMPLETE BAKING OUT-
WuvU. Hi; Tannton . oven. " 47a Twelfth st.,
Oakland. ■•»
rpHOROUGHBRED ENGLISH MASTIFF
— pups for sale cheap. 967 Market st.
V X ELMWOOD MANGES ARE THE BEST,
IV vy. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
BARS, bHOWCASES, COU.NTERS, SHELV
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOFFEE MILL, SCALE* LETTER PRij.S-.
V-» stand desk, money till, safe, cheap, loa Clay.
Li UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AN DRAT-
XJ tan furniture at the factory and mv« retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co/, 61 First s_.
near Mission.
S~ PLKNDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
>J $45: others from 920 up.. REVALK, 409 CaL
IJOILERS.ENGIAES.2D-HANDMACHINERY.
JJ waterpipes. Mclntosh «te Wolpman. 137 Heal>».
00 U TKit S, MIMA 1 U. IsHOWBa»ISS
v^bars bought A sold. 1121% Markt.be; 7th A «th
A ll baby carriages and CHAIRS at
X\. cost; hood tops, $5 60 np; repairing; open
eveninea. S. r. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
G OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
/ik pulleys, . shafting, el* W. i. bA-NlfUitD,
415 Washington st. .
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
— ■ Sine; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
r UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER. SASHUU*
poors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1 1 «6 Mission.
ONK SMALL, _Us,_UUM *.\D -.ARU- &__a
nrp and bni-?;-r rroof ynfa ■»i m ji,,^». ,-
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGE^
rented, impaired: lowest r»te<. VO6 Fonrth »r.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
\f m - MELVILLE SNYDhR, 715 POST v ST.;
-'■* vical music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday, »r,_;tl,
BrjiALU'S BUSINESS. COLLEGE, 21 POST
aa at.— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical ■ engineering, etc.: 20
teachers: 16,000 graduates; catalogue. .-; ". . •
ACADEMY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY
-rv and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 6
* n J^V"U weekli: l * rms reasonable. PROFESSOR
ASTROLOGY, 916 Market, room 26.
AYRKS', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 326
Montgomery at.; Individual in-<truction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship f 50; low rates ■ per .week and mo.
STIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and nlghu
. . KJuABCO'O LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
••» Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on itagc. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mk;
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINI ME.
yj chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
»ssay: egtab. '64. VAN DKRNAILLEN. 723 Mkt.
NGLIHH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature.. Miss FAGKN, 427 Bitter sU
MISS VOLTE'S tCHOOU 2207 SACRAMENTO
XU. gt.: board; Eng., French, Ger., piano; $30 mo.
SPA I SH,FRENcH,ETC.;Prof.DBFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages.32o Post st:eatab'd 1871
A LMAKHYJiK, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
Jrx. la ,405 Geary, Rm. 17; thorough instruction
OOKKPNji. JtITNO, ARITH2ITC. GKAJIK
day A ni-.'ht; noclasaea: $5 month. 845 Million
PRO*'. LOUIS MERKI: VIOUN, MANDOLIN.
gultir, cornet, reasonabla. . 22s Geary, PowlL
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,Hlnslng,French-.>3mo. R.14, 100'i Polk
MR. A M JKS. KULaMEB, TEACHERS MAN
dolln. guitar, banjo. 935 Market wt.. opp. Mason
ROFESSORG. MANSFJLELD. IKACHER OK
violin guitar, mandolin, bacio. , 1707 Market
A - \\'EiiK S NEWS -V FOR ■ 5 CENTS— THIS
ii. WF.EKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. - ■
'^■^'>%;.i'- -:-i --- - - LOST. ' -•' • _ :'. '
1 OST-AT, BALDWIN THEATER, SILVER^
J' bandied umbrella; InttlaU I. W. Return to
228% Post st- ; liberal reward.
AT TIB I RON, SEPT. 16, 1896, ADY 8
J gold hunting-cose enamel Inlaid watch, with
Hat gold neck chain: '-• Finder . will please leave
iam« with MR. FoRSE, railroad agent, Tlburon
ir W. H. HART WELL, 107 Montgomery st.. 8. F. ;
jheral reward. ■ • •  . -.. . .
7 SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY. ■
dcIENTIFIC ABTROLOGY— ALL KVKNTS OF
O life foretold by the horoscope; advice on all
business: ' speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b / my method; oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. .- DR. ST. CLAI K, ' 916 Mar-
tetsu, room 26; noun 9 to 7.
PERSONALS.
RVILLA— A r "_ETT ER : OF IMPORTANCE
for you Call at once 1715 Mason st.
ILL JOHN McDUKF, A '• AILOR, OR AN V
one that knows. of his whereabouts. please
address his daughter, MRS. FLORA SHAW, 621
Mtiiua st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Af lUDLE-AGKD MAN WOULD . LIKE TO
-i-'i. meet widow, who has a room to let. Address
H. P., box 112, Call. ..-'■';■. t-.';,w
T DKKSS HAIR FOR THOUSANDS OF LA-
X dies every month; everybody satisfied: how
can they help being ■ satisfied when they get such
good work for only 25c? I use "Qulnonsa" Hair
Tonic, «6c a bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
\J ASSAGE TAUGHT AND FORMULAS OF
- I * a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given; reasonable. D. S.. box 107, this office.
Vf RS. SADIE EVANS'COSMESTIC
I'l halr-dresslng.shanipoolng; gents 50c. 16 Eddy.
] )K TURNED— MME. ROLAND, - TEACHER
It French language,. 766 Market St., room 15. :
YRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLOR*'
manicuring; halrdresslng. 1362 a Maricet, r. 8.
S~ UITS CLEANED AND PhESSED, $1 26
0 Montgomery St., rooma 13 and 14; tel.red 2374.
ADVICK FRKE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPJS-
XV clalty; private; no charge unless successful: all'
law suits, claims, collections. : wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, b6O Market St.
ANTED— OLI> GOLD FOR MANUFACTURE
Ing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 222 O'Farrell stT
beu Mason and Powell. -^ ."""
ADY (STRANGER) DESIRES " GENTLE^
man partner; 825 capital. R. a. 122 Post st.
URNETT'S CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts; 26c. 327 Montgomery.
VV ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING-
»» work from the country solicited; estimates
Fiven; articles returned if price Is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evenini
Classes: instructors. J. H. E. Partlnston. Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
JUST ARRIVE D-M ME. M. TAVLOK, CARI>
0 reader; fee fl. 860 Market, rooms 49-50.
OKRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN 1
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
nosjat 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladles", misses'
children's cloaks to order:flt guaranteed ;low prices
rpHE FINEST LINK OF REMNANTS-
X suit to order, $10; pants, 3. Cut Rate Tailor^
ing Company, 1117 Market st.. beu 7th and Bth.
R D NKS DKLIVKUh 250 BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 67. •
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
ulshed for $1: call or write, 10291, Market su.
beu sixth and Seventh. San Francisco, CaL
A LL FACIAL BLEMISHES. SUPERFLUOUS
xV- hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co.. 226 Turk, nr. Leavenwortn.
AZOR-FIXINU OUR SPKCIALIY- FINE
edge put on razor. Ragor Exchge.63oMar<et
"A/KLVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome su. upstairs.
\JHi OUTDOOR Sl ..KiLUPTHJON S.HOW KVit'
XJ ry night cor. Market and bixth sta. ; artistic »1-
vertlsements In living light; promoters of bo_«
Peas. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market "v
ELECIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market-
-200 rooms, 250 to f i 60 per night: f 1 60 to *8 pet
weeic: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
"1 l±li,liAl^ AUV'AMta \>S iiIAMONDa, J_J\V*«
XJ flry. etc.: lowest ratoi. . 94H Marie su
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS 1 AND LADLE.*"
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Sq. cor. JwK
dressmakers. _____
T^WE^T^TO^OTR^A^iVATT^G^r^rLL
'■> at BRADLEY'S. 416 V% Geary st.; elegant
stylish dresses made: $5 up; dresses made over.
RES-iK* *_ VT\ WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up 60584 Natoma&t.. above Sixth. •
' _. : CLAIRVOYANTS. ™~~
MMX. MokE.VL". BKST MEDIUM: RKVKAi J
past, present, future. 25c np. 764 Howard si.
MMX. SYBILLK SHOWS PICTURE FUTURW
-'X husband, wife: ladles 25c, 60c. 914 O'FarreU. '
GITA ,\. THli GYPSY QUKKN, 8 TURK ST. ; |
VjT truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; sa:isfactioa
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
RRIVED— THE GREAT CLEOPATRA".
whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and
French clairvoyant cards -ill tell your who life;
ladles '-'sc: gtn:s 50c. 185 Hayes su, nr. Van Ness. i
M~ ME. PORTER. *VO>UKRFCL CLAIR VOY- i
ant, card- reader, born v.-lth a douole veil anl
second sight: ladles &0c gents fl; palmistry aul
clairvoyant sittings f 1 50. 126 Turk m.. nr. Jone.
■\1 MX. HANBKN, PALMIST, CAUD-kEADER;
past, present and future; 25c, 148 Bth hU, r. 5. j
LL'CKY MEDIUM; CARD-READER; PALM- •
Ist; love, marriage, etc.: ladles 25c 243 Milp-
ley st , near Fifth.
\\ ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIHVOYANT, TELIJi
Ml pas', present and future: success to ail; for-
tunea by mall: low unces. 856 Mission aU ••
At »S. !- F.HRIIORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SIT- !
i>A rrniri -dally ;-.5c-_pwird. 221 Tilluiore SU, !
nr. Halght.. . . ;yy
RS. BIRDIE MAY, RENOWNED CARD-
reader and palmist; gents $1. Room 1,223
Post su . ; . • /
MM K. LtGETTK-PRESENT, PAST AND
-U future: 25c 311 Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth. I
BLS. OI- KNOWLEDGK;IIEVKALM FUTURE
marrlage:iucky lot:ery numbers. 1032 Market.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFK FLUENTLY:
bosinesa advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth
GYPSY LIFE-READER, RKMUVKD FROM 6
Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles '.'sc: cents 50c.
A I ME. D"R. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT-. 25
i'l vi- KQ'.rnr. now 929 Ptwt: fee 91 ■ l^tt»r Sj.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
A . VERITABLE VJLKKN AMONu WOiLKNI, |
MR* DR. A. D. HOWR.
FEE tl A UPWARD! FEE »1 * UPWARD*
HOPK, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? . Why that downcast
eye? Are yon In trouble, sick or -down"? if so
read this and learn that life Is yet worth livlni'
M US. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so manr
thousands on this coast In the ten years pa.it, is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street. Saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every surrenug mortal who will cither call on or I
write to her. Your' whole life revealed; succesi
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless tns
separated are united: the sick made strong : the
poor become rich; If you think your husband. wlf»
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her trai- i
srendent power la as far above those poor mortal* '
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens an
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what. failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered ' and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human tiesh is heir to. an j nj
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment Dy mall Is always most au>
cessiu! a_d satisfactory. AU letters answeraX
Diseases diagnosed lrom a lock of hair.
FEE «l _; UPWARD! FKF. 91 & UPWARD'
-IRS. DR. A. D. HOWK,
23.0 Market su, odd. Seventh.
- . ■ . , ban Francisco.
'-i9f< MCALLISTER- MRS. C. J. MKYER 7
O-.U test meeting* every night: 10c: Tue A
Krl, 'J P. M. -
MB. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
extra; 10c; skeptics come. 615 McAllister su
A \ ME. SYBILi.E SHOWS PICTURE Ffil nE
■I'l husband, wife: Indies 26c, &oc. . 914 O'Farrell.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM : REVEALS
past, present, futnre; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766 V4 Howard su
: M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT sLaTK-
writer. 118 Haight at.; hours 9 until 6 p. m.
AIRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM
i'l. sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136. Oak. su
ISHOP OAKKISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
cen Toenday. Frldar even's. 2.*>c: 10 to 4 rlally.
" i /.•"•■ HYPNOTISM^ ~ ~"
Y_*N7mSAl^pfD~VlTAT~^
practically and acleDtlficallr taught In - a les-
sons, also how to hypnotize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested In Its therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric institute
6 O'Farrell st. "■ ■■ .-• ; ■■"•-■, . . - . .-. :
; DEMISTS. ; -;-.
nBUUMK DENTAL AB&OCIAT7oNr7S9T!TTIt"
V ker, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting. with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; nil. 81 up.
1 \K. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST "
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
plates are made; old plates made over like new
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c ; gas given. :
K. GKORUiS ;W. LEEK, TriK UINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved budge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell at.
Ti-i ULL SKT OF TKKTH, . *7; WARRANTED
X' five years: extraction, 60c ; fllllnei 60c. •
crowns, »3 60. Chicago Dental Parlora. 24* Sixth!
1 1 RSI -CLASS DENTISTRY; VIUST-CLAS.H
1 prices; first-clans reaulta: painless extraction-
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 600 sutler
1-VK.L. I. «. ■KANZ-EXTK ACTION PAlNl_«i;!>i"
XJ crown '■ work, trldn work and teeth witaoa;
plates a specialty. . - 103 Geary at., cor. Grant ays. :
fi»7. A i«K'l' *OR T_ETHs WARRANTED a 7
<P I good as can be made: filling *1. Dr. SIMM_L
dentist. 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater. To - ?
V>AINLEiS v. DISTRACTION. • 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a r specialty platen, $5 up; is vearV
experience. B. L. WALag D.D.S.. hib\^ Geary j
A LL WOKK TO SUIT TIMES; WARRANTED.
A DR. REA, 1370 Market au, froct City Halt <
DR. L'UCKKTT, 1703 POsT ST- NEAU BCJ-"
■ cnAnan; pas given; crown and bridge work.
LL WORK 'REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su~ ' .'
SET OF TKKTH WITHOUT A _-i_kTi_' _n_ til
G. YOUN(», 1841 Polk su . -v .-.ri:., T^;'jr : :
i \tL J. J. LJfi-K, lv:OtJ MARKET, COR. OOLDEN
JL/Gau> aye.— Open evenings:. Sundays till noon.
-;!-7(f 'cT '. STORAGE. ■ '
STOKA^IC— CHEAT?ESTTN~'FH^cTTT^*FIRit
proof building: advances made. : 211 Larkln. j
lj> URN lit RE, PIANOS; TRUNKS: - AD-"
X ! vances, shipping. CHAd, L. TAYLOK,2O4Po»u
j _'_.'• CITY REAL ESTATE. : '_
GH. UMBSEN & CO., REAL ESTATE
• AGENTe-, 14 Montgomery St., near, Market.
A FEW UNUSUAL BARGAINS.
Q>l 77R CORN KR-; BAY-WINDOW COT-
«JpI I i O. ta-e and lot; close to Mission st.;
contains 6 rooms: large basement, etc. ; chicken-
houses, stable, etc.: lot 26x10U.
<fI»XQAA SUTTKR-ST. CORNER: BUSINESS
«35_»_ l location: suitable for 2 stores and
several flats: improvements; 10-room house and
10t4'.:5x<37:6; mortgage of 14100 can remain for
3 years It desired.
Q^Q^ft BUSH ST.; DOWNTOWN; N.
Mjt OO\J. side of street: cottage and lot 22:11 x
100 to rear street; mortgage of $2500; new im-
provements would yield hanojomely.
©cc:a golden gate aye.: opposite
*ipyJlJ*r\J, Jefferson Park, dose to Gough St.;
rent . $70 ' per month:' two 2-story bay-window
houses of 7 rooms ° and bath each; large lot, 30x
137:6.
-. Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records.
which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. _»
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. ■
"I OT 25x137 6-12 AND FLATS, 4 ROOMS
Xj each, at 2919 Pine st.; almost new; worth
$4000; must be sola. Submit offer to GOLD-
MEYKR. 1105 Mission St. ........■.-•:-
-trot FOB FITCH BURG!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
- FRIENDS OUT OS THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDRO AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card. ,
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP- EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST. ■*■ ■
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAIN S FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET . STREET, TO
: FITCHBURO STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and -fruit vale trains singed
by the Fitchburg scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous In Fl ch-
burg. . - ■ . ■ ,
Fitchburg Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public at d private im-
provements in ihe vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location, its railway
lilies now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county reads
leading to it, are incon estlble proof*. It"is regu-
larly laid out Into blocks and iocs bounded by wide
streets, graded and traveled, and ornamented with
aveuue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW- IS THE TIME TO BUY. -
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market; for a turn be first for Investment
now, and hold on. " No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvements to make. . Water supply from 8
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought In many of the one-s:reet tracts in
an Inaccessible hay field.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments in easy installments;
title perfect." ~ ■ - -
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH, Fltchburg.
*AXE AN OFFER. " ~~
MUST BK SOLD.
4200— Lovely, elaborate seven-room cottage on
Golden Gate aye., near Bakrr St.; hana-frescoed;
terms to suit; lot 25x137:6. TOBIN <fc Mo-
NaLLY. 630 Market st.
S~ AN RAFAEL LOT CHEAP. 75x130; NICEST
kJ location In town; street woric all done: half
price. J. R. ROCHE. Ban Rafael. ' ■ . .
ftCO^I NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
♦pU_.*JV. choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
i Frederick st., near Asnhury; contain 5 aud 6
! rooms and have every modern Improvement; well
planned: sun in every room; marine view in-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mit to Inspect apply to 10BIN & MeN ALLY, 630
Market st. ■
i « 1 K(\(\ : COTTAGE 5 ROOMS, LO 1 45x100,
«IMUUU. in Berkeley. SlOOdown, $20 month,
ly; *600, lot 50x126. $20 down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery su
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
9150 to $'J7& a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
lj>Oß SALE— _LEG ANT NEW MODERN RES-
X ldences situated on Gongh st., near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all modern conveniences:
flue view; good neighborhood; complete sir- et
work; these houses should be seen before pur- -
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open. ■ J
TNGI.ESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE. !
J- near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.: 11
moms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern im-
provements: lot 62 :«x125; sold at a gi eat sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON A C ' 2 Valencia st. ;
•ft^On CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RKNT,
%$)*J\J \J for a new house on ea« side of cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; laree 10t25x125;
all modern Improvements.'' Apply on premises.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ-H
' A WEEKLY CAIX. In wrapper, for mailing. =■
MONEY TO LOAN.
fHO nOO AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
OIUU.UUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds: estates: any sum.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
A DVANC-S. ON DIAMONDS.. WATCH
xV Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without- re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWKLKf
bTORg. 948 Market at. : open evening*. *.;....
MONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTKK-
fst per month for each slOOO; same rat* sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOANED O.V JKW-LHV ANU
ether valuables at the P*cunt7 Loaa Offic*.
ll(J6Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turic.
I \IRECT ON YOUR -UKNITURK OH PiANOi
XJ 00 removal; no delays; no commissions- io.»
Interest. Rm. 68. Djnohoe bid*. 1170 Market «_
«>" AMOC.NT: IST. ail or SJD MuKTIiAUKa
JT\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate la u«>-
but*. McCOLOAN. V 4 Montuumrrv. room 3.
pITY REALTY ESTATES; ADVANCKS ON
brents, pianos, furnltnre, etc. SPECK dt CO.,
602 Market au __^ .....
pRIVATE~PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
LOANS ■ON FUKMiURE AND PIANOS
without removal; low Interest. It. 3, 215 Powell
A DVANCESONDIAMOAUS.JKNV l\J
J\ Colombia Loan A Collateral Office. » Grant »r».
<3t^(\ UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<SPUU gages; Int. In estates. MURPHY.62S Mrkt
SAVINGS BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. ROOM
615, Safe Deposit building, San Francisco.
VfONK'V I/O LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
IVL MoK; /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery at.
lOANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
J24 Montgomery Bt. ■ ■ - ■■
PAWNBROKERS.
WIBB. AND SAVE INTEBEST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and se>
cnrlty office, r 7, Flood bldg : entrance 80» Mku
AT 128 KKARNV ST., ROOM B— MO.VKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. : low -rates;
private rooms: elevntor: Dled^e« for sale Hii-hp.
————————— .
JfclNA-NCIAL.
©1 (\(\ 7)fUrTO^LOAN lAS LOW A 8 BAXKsC
<a>Xwu.<'VJl.f Apply rm 222, Cal. safe
~ " . ; MUSICAL _NSTKU_IENT_7~~ "
FINE PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
W. C HAMILTON. 324 Post H.
PROFESSOR OF MUSIC. OBLIGED TO DIB-
X pose of a fine Hardinan piano, offers It a' about
hair cost. Flood building, room 12, 809 Market.
IBUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CAHLOAD
lots and for cash, and being Id mv own build-
ing, with no rent to pay, I can offer any one desir-
ing an Instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco: investi-
gate ana be convinced. HARRY bCOTT, . 626
Hayes BU . . . ; - ■ . ...
4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
Kearny and Butter, sts.,, full of pianos: these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
»3,*4. «6, 86,5 7. fB. «9, $10, «12, Sl5. 820 and
$25 p«r month: the beat of every grade from lowest
pr cea - to - Stein way , Baby, - Parlor and t Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us fur about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge for dray age: pianos
kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cur. Kearny and Butter sts.. also
Oakland, Cat., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast. :'_■ -x;.
ACTUALLY BKBT BARGAINS IN PI-
XY ano<i; see our list for 1 his week; planoeonSS.
94. »6. *6, $7, »8. 99, «10. $15, $J0 monthly pay.
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free juivH lit in the city and ' kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. *- The F. W. SPENCER CO..
salesrooms 9*3 Market su. opp. Mason. - -■ . .
N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND BEC-
ood-band pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer belter terms and prices; remember
ours Is the oldest and largest I music-bouse west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLER & CHASE, 28
O'Farrell St., San Francisco. ; -. ... • • ;
pKTIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS AT
It sacrifice to promptly close oat stock: Knabe.
U allies an.l Bn»h A Gerts. A. L. BANCROFT ■. &
CO.. 324 Post st. ... , 
LL MUBICAL GOODS SOLU AT REDUCKU
prices, pianos to rent ; and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIs',769 Market gt. • •;■•'. y.-r
'CM A A STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST *475:
O X 117. on $5 installments.: 221 Leavenworth.
W ANTED — CHEAP SECOND- HAND UP-
' » right or square piano; cash.' R., box 72, Call, ';
<_ 1 ?\H BURLKD WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
»lP 1 t)U. ton make piano. BRUENN'H, 228 Post.'
AONIFICENT STJSIN AY UPRIGHT AND
i'l Schubert: little used:sacrlllce. 1019 Van Nesss
000 UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA-H.
VTSCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernta Bank.
G.BADijKRjSOLrt AGENT FOR HALLBT.
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sao*to
HJCKKIUNG, ICNABK, KIKCK.VOSE. STKK- f
> ling pianos; I see our n»» piano for f 187: ' pianos
;orrenu. BENJ. CURTA/ & teON. O'Farrelt. ,
BY units i M.\t/;v, i :^o» post • bT.-souMis.i, .
Newby «fe Kvan*. Brlecrs nnd other pianos.;/]; I
QOPKRIOR VIOLINS. ZITHKKS. OLU*NKW.
; O U. H ULLEH, maker, repairer, a Latham plact.
, COUNTRY SEAL ESTATE.
SMALL HOMKS ON VERY. EASY TERMS,
S-000; 10 acres fully improved, near Santa
£osa, $250 >; 10 acres Napa City, 15 acre?. 92500;
>apa City; all places have good Improvement*.
tools, etc. 1. c. A RFF. 20 Montgomery st. :
U A '>GAIN— B ACRE, OF LAND, WITH GOOD
'■» bouse and m; p'entv of water: is on main
county road and only 6 minutes" drive from San
Alateo railroad station. - For parti' ulars address J.
Le CORN EC, Mlllbrae Store, Millbrae, Cal.
«%S|oo , 10 ACRES GnODFKtJIT OR GRAIN
,r .* : la J l1 ' near S. P. R. R.: can all be cnl-
Mvated: de^d bargain. A llO ™ 3 ' F. •H.W.. 1109
v an Ness aye. • • ;; i^ ■ \>.-- >
j .. ARGA IN — RANCH PLEISANTLY SITU-
IJ ated In the foothills, overlooking Xapa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa: suitable
for a suoomer resort, a -ice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm: large house and barn-
stock, tools, etc For particulars address P. O.
hox 'J39, Xapa. Cal.
Vy.AN'T«D-TO RENT, RANCH WITHIN 100
r *' miles of San Francisco: 30 to 80 acres: part
fruit. . Address M.J. CARLSON, Memo, c a:.
A SSIGNEKS 9ALK. ~~ ~~~ ' ~~
800 acres choice • level fruit and vegetable
land near Piea-ianton, Alameda County; 11, hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward:
from $20 per acre. Room 67,. chronicle building,
San. Francisco. . .-. ' ■ ■ ; ■■ ,
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
SX. grazing, purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
[ ITTLK HOMES. CLOSE To TOW-S. IjJT
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at, 632 Market St.. S. F.
IT ALP SUCTION OFGOOD LAND IN TULARK
XX county, for improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or s_u Francisco. Andrea* A, box 87
C.xll OJttcfc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
ft -■■: OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ft 197^ 'THIS IS A BARGAIN: ONE ACRE
j Jr.. containing a home of 4 large rooms
and hall: hard finished, high basement; barn,
chicken-house; fine well and force pump; fenced.
etc. Apply H. A. PLKITNER, Fruitvale station.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES; FIRST CASK
"payment $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. L. L M. bALSBURY. 902 Broadway.
V! * SPECIALTY IS ' ■ "
**■ ... HOUbK-RKNTINQ IN v
„ _. • OAKLAND. I
£ story modern 9-room house ; $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage ... . 16
Lpper sunny modern 7-room f1at....... 16
' '■*• AND 300 MORB.
WM. M. DeWolf. Hcuse-broker and Rant Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway, Oakland. ' ;
OAKLAND KOOMS TO LET.
fTHE ARLINGTON, KB. COR. NINTH AND
X Washington 6ts., Oakland : a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
HJv^ ALAMEDA SEAL ESTATE.
•ft DEDUCED FROM $61)00 FOX THE
*$>v£.*J\J. next 10 days only, that beautiful
new house of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
south side of Central nve., near Oak st.; nickel-
pUt"d plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement basement, etc.; see this: open for ln>pec-
tlon. U. a. M. GRAY, 483 Ninth at., Oakland:
firJAj) JOT MbclSO; GOOD LOCATION
tJ'\J\>\J. easy terms. ,
$1300—33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
easy terms.
$2100—60x150: house of 7 rooms ami bath.
$5000—50x160: house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange tor San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and rath; corner lot; centrally located
■ Houses to let iaall parts of Alameda; office opeu
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land company,
1600 Park st., A anted a.
mWO FLATS, 6 ROOMS EACH: LOT 60x150;
■1 northwest corner: streets improved; net in-
come, »38 per month: price, »3750; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. BaIBD, real es-
tateand Insurance. 1803 Park st., Alameda, Cal. |
AI.A MID A HOUSES TO LET.
O^F^rT^U^E^PO^l_ul_r^A^tTl^C^N
X 11-room house with caruets. mantel mirrors
curtaln-poies: large garden, will be taken care of;
on Central aye.. one block from Monon-st. station
N. Q. R. R. Address A. B C, box 76. this office.
• BERKELEY KKAL ESTATE.
p ILT-EDGK BERKELEY CORNER; CHEAP:
.VT. college, way and Durant aye.; 60x188: fash-
ionable neighborhood: street work done. J. P.
ROSS, 1605 Turk st. .
•^9 '/Tin SKAB TH_ bTATION; STREET
«IT^.ii,VU. work all done: house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 45x125: a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MA^ON, Berkeley, adjoining bank.
GOOD Ho-Un..^ iOK RENT UK FOR bALS
on easy term* O. O. MAY & CO.. real estaM,
building and loans. 212* Center gt.. Berk»lev.
BERKELEY HOUSES. .- ■ '
FOR RENT, NEWLY FURNISH KD COT-
tage 6 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 1932
Berkeley way, Knut Berke>r. . ■ .
PKOPEKTY TO EXCHANGE. :
CA HOUSES ANIT LOTsTfROM "$1250~ TC-
-*" t0.....;..........-... $10,000
50 ranches, all sites, from $100 to. ■ 15,000
20 houses, Oakland, Alameda, »1000 t0... 8,0( 0
100 business places, all kinds, from »50 to 4,000
WHAT HAVE YoU TO OFFERS—----—--—
I SELL AND EXCHANGE: ________
All kinds of property — — '■ " ' .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
LOTS TO EXCHANGE FOR : FURNITURE
or lodging-houses; lodeinsj-housos to exchange
for Southern California property,city,bay and ranch
property; also timber land for exchange; list your
property with us: we c«n sell or exchange for
you at once; we have some rare bargains. - UN-
DERWOQD CO., 765 Market at.
pARM, 50 ACRES UP: VICINITY STOCKTON
— to Merced: exchange for city property; rents
$43 monthly; price ¥5500. I. C. bCHARFF, 20'
Montgomery st. . ..
ORANGE GROVJS, FRKK AND CLEAR, TO
exchange for tfan Francisco dwelling, free and
clear. Addreas Orange Grove, box 84, this office,
00-ACRE RANCH; 8-R, HOUSE; EXCHANGE
*J4id for saloon or hotel. DECKER, 1020 Market.
Ofk ACRES UNCULTIVATED LAND; 30
\J\l miles south of Portland, Or. : exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Third, rm. 22.
DIVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 JPEK CENT
per annum) for sma'l home in San Francisco
or Oakland. Room Blj, Safe Deposit building, S. F.
L-OR EXCHANGE, NKAR LOS GATOS, A
X choice orchard home for pood clear property In
San Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gatos, Cai. ■ • .
SEXDFOKOUR LIST. OF ORC'HARU HUxVI-^j
toraale. - WOOSTER A WHITTON. Bk:i JosaT
ISiKI) **2 Tl;ailJSß LAND. KKK.N Co.;
J._JUyy water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.CaU
PBOPJKTi WANTED.
V».'ANTKD — S.UaIJI"^IM^ROVk"d FARM
• » within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 615,
Safe Deposit building, S. F. ' - • ■ - ■ 
MEDICAL. " '■'■: f ■
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFEKINa
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to '
their sex: latest Improved method •of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick . to make them
well; travelers helped immediately; prices to suit
the times: home in coiittnement. DX. "& MRS
DA V IKS, 14 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank-
consult free; French regulating pink; pills, fz;
hours from 9„■M.tos P. M. and 7to9p. M. . .
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES REt
stored In a few bourt; safe and sure relief
cuarameed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in contlnemeut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDIC a"I
ELECTRICITY us-d; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere: yon will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
A NKW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. TRU-'
mentor worthless pills used; every woman her
own 1 physician for all 1 female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores - always in one day-
can be sent and used at home: all case* guaranteed*
If you wan: to be treated safe and sure call on
man physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny ss.
DB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY- OK
XJ diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate homo For patients: best skill :
low fees: regulator fJ. 904 McAllister st.
LPKAU'a FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
lades troubled with Irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. a D.: don'tdelay
until too late. QSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland. CaL
MRS. DR. wegener takes ladiks bk-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complamta or
irregularities successfully. ; 419 Eddy st. .-.:.. ?
OURE CCRK FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES
from whatever cause: a home*!- conhnemen:
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, .'J6 Tv rk st. / :
RS. J. A. AUHaKD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. OSS Mis-
sion st. . . . ■ .
VtRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS. ELECTRICIAN,
XfX has removed to 502 Stevenson St., cor, sixth.
"I F IRRKUULAR Oil A.N V >>..viAi.K -KASE
-see MRS.DR. PUKTZ and be content. !i64 V, 4th.
R. hall, 14 MCALLISTER street, NEAR
Jones. ./ Diseases of women ana children. ;
PRIVATE HOMK IN CONIIr.KMK.NT. Alßa.
■V PR FUNCKK. 1418 Eighth St.. Alameda. r ,
"^ TO LEABE.
FOR : 'IBJ4NT^U ''LKA^l^'oO-.VArXxOT^EU-
cor. - Polk - and Jackson ■ sts. : ■ tent $50 . per
month. Address J. a, 4.7 Sansome su, S. If. ■ • ;
.TYPEWRITERS. " "
jr\A LIUBAFH. in^TlF3sTTo"sf, $30- REM-
VJ ineton. 910. >CQTT «t B. an > ontgompTr 10.
LAIKSI SHIPFLNG LNTJEUIOEMO-.
movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
; NKW YORK— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr La Gas-
cocne, from Havre; atnir Maasdam, from Hotter-
dam and Boulogne. : !
HAVRE— ArrifeJ Oat Sept -20 -Sim r La Ncr-
mancti •.•*gggyp»a»igftggMgate!
yUEENSTOWN-Sailod Sept 20-S:mr Etrurta,
tor New York. - - - ~
LIRTn^— MARRIAGES— DKATHI
r ßirth, marriaee and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted.: They- nius be handed In at
either of the publication omces and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published, J
MARRIED.
DAUMEL— BERNHARD— In this city, Septem-
ber 15, 1899,- by the Rev. J. Fuendelinsr, Fred J.
Daumei and Emma L. Bernhard.
PUTZAR— HEKit— In this cltv. September 20,
1894. by the Rev. J. Faendelins, Frank David
Pulzar and Lulu Heer.
BAN'DOLPH-ZIMMKBMANN-In thlt city.
. . September 20. 189?. by tne Rev. J. Fuandellng,
Bruno Randolph and Roia Zimmermann. -
RULFS-MAIKR— In this clrv. September 16.
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Anton Rulfß
and Ella A. Mayer. ■-~ ':
WILLKRS— Tn thin city, September 19,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuondellng, Henry J. Slems
and Dorothea L. E. H. Wilier*.
WILL WEBER— NOBBE— In this city, September
W, 1898, •by the Rev. J. FuendeUng, Henry
WlUweberand OttUle Kobbe. .a^At.^^ r.«
- DIED.
Allen, Katie Pavlllier. Marie B. .
Drake, Uyrel . Pracy. George T.
Dollard, William E. Regan, Jeremiah -
Finkeldey. Rosalia C. Short. Peter A.
lieeney. Lizzie J. - Scullion, William
Jones, Maude H. Souza, Maria G.
Johnson. Andrew Stahl, Ctmave
Klncaid. William F. Spencer, Jam's D.
Levy, Mrs. Pauline Wheat, Charles v.
Murphy. Mrs. Margaret White. Minnie V.
Patten, Agnes K. Weber, Henry
Prindle, Adeline 8. . - Wall, Charles H. -
ALLEN— In the Citr ana Coantv Hospital. Sen.
teruber 20, 1898, Katie Allen, aged 23 years. j .
DRAKE— In Alameda, September 19, 1896. By.
rel, beloved daughter of James and Emma
Drake, a native of Alameda, , aged 1 ■ year 1
month and 19 days.
Friends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from 1431 Sher-
man street. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oak-laud. . r: > ,
DOLLAKD— In this city, September 20, IS9S, at
his residence, 61 Tebama. street, William
■ K. Dotard, a native of Warren, Ohio, aged 34
years 7 months and 16 days.
FINKELDEY— In this city, September ' 18. 1898,
Rosalia Christine Finkeldey, a native of San
- Francisco, aged 1 year 5 mouths and 6 days.
HEENEY— In this city, September 19, 1896, Ii»-
-sie J.. beloved wife of Thomas J. Heeney. mother
of Cedele Heeney, and daughter of Elizabeth and
the late Charles spauldlug, a native of Brooklyn,
N. V.. aged 32 years and 2 months.
43~Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
] fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 433 Golden Gate avenue, thence to St.
i Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . -, .
JONES— In this city, September 19, 1895, Maud*
Hartley Jones, wife of George Joues, a native of
Eneland. azed 61 years. '
ASTFrienas ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock p. v.. from the par-
lor* or ' the California Undertaking Company,
123 Stockton street, corner of Geary, thence to
I. O. O. F. cemetery for cremation.
JOHNSON— In this city, September 20, 1898. An-
drew Johnson, a native o< Sweden, aged 6H years.
KINCAID— In this city, September 17, 189}. Wil-
liam F. Klncala, a native of Missouri. - aged 63
years.
LEVY— In Portland. Or. September 19. 1896, Mrs.
Pauline Levy, re 1 let of the late Baruch Levy,
a native of Strasbourg. Alsace, aged B"j years.
MURPHY— In this city, September 17, 1896, Mrs.
Margaret Murphy, a native of Ireland, aged 84
year*. ■■
PATTEN— In this city. September 19. 1896,
Agnes E.. beloved daughter of Job a and Han-
nah Patten, a native of san Rafael, Cal.. aged .3
years 1 month and 9 days.
O~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence or the parents, 412b lir.-ant street, thence
to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PR INDLE-Tn Temescal. Alameda Conntr, Cal.,
September 19, 1893, Adeline H. Prlndie, a native
ot New York State, a?od 73 years.
PAVILLIKR— Ia Golden Gate, Cal.. September
19, 1893, . Marie Bastlde Pavillier, beloved
mother of Kenee Perrier, and grandmother of
Lucien Perrier, a native of lorn, France.
AST*Fr!en(ls aud acquaintances are ' reioic;-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <_ Co.'l__ Eddy street.,
thence to the Church of Notre DamedesVlc-
toires, on ■ Bosh street, near Stockton, where a
requiem high mans will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at. 10 o'clock
a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PRACY— In this city, September 20, 1898. Georea
Thomas beloved husband of Julia Pracy, a na-
tive of England, use J H'2 year*. .
J3~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. * from his late resi-
dence. 1037 Church street, between Twenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third. . Interment private. '-•
REGAN— In this city, September 19, 1896. Jere-
miah Regan, beloved brother of John Regan, a
native of Laitner, parish of Drimoleague, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 62 years.
Friends and acquaintances are resnee*.-
fully invited to attend the* funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. X.. from the resi-
dence of his brother, 430 ' Tebama street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHORT— In this city. September 20, 1899, Peter
A., dearly beloved husband of Theresa Short and
father of Tessie. Gertrude. Mabel and Rometta
Short and aono' the late Michael Short, a native
or Melbourne, Australia, aged 34 yean 2 months
and 17 days. - -
jK3"'Friends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:80 o'clock p. _ from his late
residence. 20 Sheridan street, between Ninth
and Tenth, Folsom and Harrison, interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCULLION— I.I this city, September 19, 1898.
William, beloved son of Patrick and Elizabeth
Scullion, a native. of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 17 days. ''■'■'■ "■
Or Friends and •:. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DaY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. it., from the residence
of his paresis, 225 Shipley street, oetweea Fifth
and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
SOUZA— In this city, September 19.1896. Maria
Graciella Souza, a native of San Salvador, aged
14 years 10 months and 14 days. :
J3ST Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral • THIS DAY {Monday), from the
Church of Nnestra Senora de Gnadalupe, corner
Broadway and Mason street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. it.
Interment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STAHL— In this city. September 19, 1898. Gus-
■ tave, beloved son of Julius and Gussle Stahl, and
brother of George and Irwin Stahl, a native of
. Quezaltenango, Contra! America, aged V years 4
months and 14 days. - ---
- Jt3~Friend9 are respectfnllr Invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY. (Monday), at '
10:15 o'clock a. - at tee residence of Mr. L.
Moss, 181 8 O'FarreU street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:80 o'clock a. _. train
' from Third and Townsend streets. ' ■ - '-■
SPENCER— In this city. September 17, 1898,
James D. Spencer, a native of Greece, aged 28
years.
WHEAT— In this city, September 18, 1898.
Charles 1-.. beloved husbaul or Nellie Wheat,
son of Dr. Richard Wbaa~. deceased, and brother
of Dr. John. R. Wheat of Richmond, Va., a na-
tive of Prince William County, Virginia, aged
63 years. ; [Clinton (Miss.) and Richmond (Va.)
• papers please copy, ' .
JKlTFrlends , and acquaintance! are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. ir.,irom his late resi-
dence, 2118 Stelner street. Intermeni private, '
Masonic Cemeterr. , . - •.
WHITE— In Alameda, SepsemDer 19. 1893. at 858
Cedar street. Minnie V.. daughter of James F.
and Mary White, and sister of Daisy C White,
a naMve of San Francisco, asj.-u 24 years.
43~Frlencls and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
; (Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from St. Joseph's
Cuurch, corner Cues'. nu: and San Antonio ave-
nues. Alameaa. Interment Masonic Cemetery,
»an Francisco. - . iSg3sSS3_ttife_fcg3
! WEBER-In this city. September 20, 1898,
: Henry, beloved husband of Louisa Weber and
father of Henry Weber. - Mrs. Henry Doscher,
Mrs. H. Jacobsen and Mrs. T. Hippen, a native
ot Hanover, '.tsrmanv, aged B9 years.
tar Friends and acquaintances and members of
Waihalta Encampment No. 7, 1. 0.0. P., are re-
sp;c: fnll.v Invitee to attenn the funeral TO-MOR-
R<i*V> (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock- p.m., from his late
residence, 118 d Juniper street, off Harrison, be.
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence in Odd Fel-
lows.' Hall, where the funeral services will be
held, under the iiusp ce<i of Coucordia Lodge No.
12'j, I. O. O. I*., at 2 o'clock p. _, Intermen: 1.
O. O. F. Cemetery. . / . ' . :..; ■
WALL— In Alameda. September 20, 1896, Charles
H. Well, a native of Wisconsin, aged 4.0 years 10
months and 18 days. ' •
' , WCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FONKRAL DIHKCTORS & EMBA.LHKBS,
SO VlfUx St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080- - '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ? MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office by 7 _iar_«
streeu southeast corner or sixth. . •". • ..
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE 1) AMI AN A BITTiiliS, fo4
great Mexican ; Itemed/! . «iv<M U«UU| **4
fcUtOgtU 10 UM ttaUlMi UCtfMO* ■-. - ria_g_»_____
1112
ORDERS TO RUSH
FIFTH ARTILLERY
Troops Must Leave for
Florida Early in
October.
DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS
Received at the Presidio Yester
day by Wire 'From
Washington.
GENERAL MILES 3 XPECTED.
He Will Thoroughly Test the Battery
of Dynamite Guns— The First
Infantry.
Army officers at the Presidio yesterday
were startled by the receipt of orders by
wire from Washington, coming through
department and regimental headquarters,
directing that the Filth Artillery should
make immediate preparations to leave
here as soon after the Ist of October as
practicable. The order states that the
commander of the Department of the
East (General Ruger) will assign the bat
teries of the Fifth to their respective sta
tions in the south.
It is stated in the orders that enlisted
men whose term of enlistment expires
within six months from October 1 shall
remain here, and that others who elect to
stay may remain.
It is also announced that the battery
of Third Artillery now at Fort Monroe will
not change station.
The assignment of the light battery will
not be made by the regimental comman
der, but t>y the department commander
of the E-»st. The assignment of the bat
teries of the Third coming here will be
made by the commander of the Depart
ment of California.
The order directs that guns, equipment,
horses ana heavy baggage shall not be
shipped.
Colonel Otis will attend to the assign
ment of the battery in bis department.
There is no longer any doubt of the fact
that the scnenie to shield the First and
Second artiilery'reginients from a tour of
duty in Florida, which should go to them
before it does to the Filth, is being rushed
through before United States Senators can
protest against the injustice.
It is said that the main purpose now is
to consummate the plan before the Secre
tary of War-can realize that the transpor
tation fund is being wasted.
The dispatch secured yesterday is by
command of Major-Ueneral Miles, yet he
ifl Known to be in the West. The order is
countersigned by Samuel Breck, assistant
adjutant-general.
Since the organization of the army it
has been the invariable custom in time of
peace not to send troops from the North
or West into Florida before the latter part
of November or December. The medical
officers of the army fully perceive the dan
gers of sending unseasoned and unac
climated troops there before the frosts
come. What effect the change will have
on troops going from this climate to Flor
ida in '.he autumn remains to be seen.
Only one explanation can be given for
the haste now manifested, and that is the
fear that Senators White and Perkins,
and Congressmen Louo. and Maguire will
ask trie Secretary of War to countermand
or suspend the order for investigation.
The army has been singularly free from
scandal, but it ifl said that this waste of
$50,000 in any other department would ex
cite the suspicion of jobbery with the
railroad companies.
The cost of exchnnzing the First and
Third would be a trifle compared with the
expense of sending the Fifth to Florida
and me Third to California. There is
liaste to get the job consummated before
the press of the country perceives the real
facts .n the case.
Captain A. W. Vogdes, another excel
lent officer, recently came here from Al
catraz with the prospect of a pleasant tour
of duty as post commander at Fort Ma
son. He must go with his regiment to
Florida and take another tour of duty in
the South.
The text of the official order is eagerly
awaited at the Presiaio. There is a glim
mer of hope that some of the garrisons in
the South may be abandoned in order that
nior* artillerymen may be sent to man the
new fortifications in the harbor of New
York. The theory is advanced that the
abandonment of certain posts In the
Soath would induce Southern representa
tives in Congress to vote for ti.e organiza
tion of two more regiments of artillery.
General Miles may be in San Francisco
t is week. It is already foreshadowed by
reports from the East that he will have an
exhaustive test made of the dynamite
battery at the Presinio.
Officers comprising the gunners' board
returned from Fort Canby, arriving at the
Presidio last Friday.
During the past week target practice of
the foot batterie- with the Krag-Jorgcnsen
nxrw to-sat:
'^ Jamaica
Ginger
has maintained its
reputation for 75 years
as the most efficacious
remedy for all com-
plaints of tlie stomach.
Soothing in action, it
quickly banishes pain
of every nature; stimu-
lating in effect, .it
greatly benefits the
system without reac-
tion. Keep it by you
in case of emergency.
Ask for Fred Brown's.
Sold everywhere.
riiED JBKOWIf CO., Philadelphia. •
Charles Cavill as He Swam From Lime Point to Fort Point.
army rifle has been the main feature of
duty at the Presidio. The absence of
smoke at the range strikes the army men
as something peculiar.
Baptain Benjamin K. Roberts, who has
made close observation of the target prac
tice, speaks well of the new rifle.
A general court-martial, composed of
the following officers, convened at the
Presidio last Wednesday :
Major John A. Darling, Fifth Artillery; Cap
tain Benjamin K. Roberts, Fifth Artillery;
Captain Elbridge R. Hills, Fifth Artillery;
CnptaiD John McClellan.Fiftb Artillery; Cap
tain Oliver E. Wood, Fifth Artillery; First
Lieutenant Tiiotnas R. Adams, Quartermas'er
Fiftn Artillery; Second Lieutenant Charles
V. Summerall, Fifth Artillery; Second Lieu
tenant Louis R. Burgess, Fifth Artillery,
judge- advocate.
Pursuant to authority from the major
general commanding the army, compa
nies A, C, D and G, First Infantry, will,
upon their return to Angel Island from
the encampment at Santa Cruz, Cal.. lake
stations as follows: Companies A and G,
An eel Island, Cai. ; companies C and I),
at Beuicia Barracks, Cal.
The First Infautry, under command of
Colonel Evan Miles, broke camp at Santa
Cruz September 17. This encampment
has been one of great benefit to the men
and of satisfaction to the officers in com
mand. The exercises Known to the public
as sham-battles demonstrated the perfec
tion of detail to which these men have
been trained, and that in tiie event of
being called upon for active service they
will uphold the glory of the regiment.
The First Infantry has the proud dis
tinction of being the first organized armed
body of the United States service, its
formation dating from 1786. It has seen
dii-tinguished service in the Mexican War
and the late Civil War, and since that
time has been stationed for the most part
on the northern plains in Indian warfare.
Alternating its presence in Arizona,
Texas and the Dakotas, performing ardu
ous services, it has ever lived up to its
motto, "Semper Primus etj Para' us"
(Always First and Always Ready). Upon
its roll of honor can be seen the names of
such men as Zachary Tavior, Bam Hous
ton, Jeff Davis, Generals Phil Sheridan,
Pike, Albert Sidney Johnson, Mower and
Buchanan. Its present commander, Colonel
Evan Miles, is known to his friends by the
sobriquet of "Paddy Miles." He is a jolly
good lellow— albeit a strict disciplinarian—
and has seen excellent service during the
Civil War. Of his staff, Captain Maus has
seen probably as much arduous service in
Indian warfare as any other officer now
living in the West. "He was one of the
principal agents in the capture of
Geronimo in the Sierra Madres in Mexico.
For a long period he was on the staff
of General Miles. Captain O'Connell and
Captain Parker are the oldest officers with
the regiment in point of serv cc, they
having been thirty years in the First In
fantry. Captain O'Conntll was inspector
of National Guard under two Governors of
California, Markham ana Waterman,
representing the War Department. Cap
tain Parker after the close of the war, in
1867-68, was adjutant of the First Infantry,
and he had tlie proud distinction of hav
ing served wit!) Mackenzie's famous
Fourth Cavalry. The rest of the officers
of Colonel Miles' staff parsed through the
Pine Ridge campaign of 1891, and the field
exercises in camp here which Lieutenants
Ferris, Croxton, Detchmendy and Kirk
man commanded demonstrate the fact
that these young officers will prove worthy
of the service they so proudly represent.
First Lieutenant Louis P. Brant, adju
tant First Infantry, has been ordered to
report to the department commander for
special duty.
First Lieuterant George W. Korkman,
Eighth Infantry, has been relieved from
further duty with the First Infantry and
will rejoin his regiment.
Leave of absence for one month has
been granted to Lieutenant J. R, Binns,
First Infantry.
Furlounhs have been granted to Musi
cian Otto Kestner, First Infantry; Ser
geant Hiram Austin, Light Battery F
Fifth Artillery: William H. Harris, Com
pany B, First Infantry; Isadore Piahls,
Company G, First Infantry: Frank J. Ho
ban,"Battery I, Fifth Artillery; Musician
James W. Bryant, Company G, First In
fantry; Carl Bchomburg, Company F
First Infantry, and John R. Whalen, Bat
tery E, Fifth Artillery.
GOLDEN GATE PARK NOTES.
The Alterations in the Mnneum—Flow
ers In the Conservatory.
The museum in Golden Gate Park has
been closed and according to a notice on
the bie front door it will remain so until
the 13tb of next month. During the past
wee* Curator Wiicomb has had twenty
two men assisting him in making many
changes. Many of the exhibits that were
in the main braiding have been trans
ferred to the annex and many new exhib
its will be placed in the main structure,
lhe rooms In that portion of the museum
will be lreshened with a coat of paint
and it is expec:ed that in a short time the
place will look like new.
Head Gardener Holbrow has in pots a
great number of plants in the conserva
tory which at Christmas time will be in
bloom. They will prove a great attrac
tion. Th.se called Flor de Pasqua are
from Mexico. The blossom is a bright
scarlet.
The Victoria Regia is still blooming and
has alresdy shown its eighth flower. It
is greatly admired by the great number ol
people who visit the conservatory.
A number of beautiful bright-hued
gloxiana grown from seeds procured from
the Kcvt Gardens, London, are proving a
great attraction.
Of the many who visited the park yes
terday a large number ,?ent to Strawberry
Lake and enjoyed the scenery and boat
ing.
Many snipe have taken their abode on
the lake and they form a new attraction
that is enjoyed by the sightseers. "These
birds," said Birdhouse Keeper Ohnimus,
"have come unusually eariy this year, an
other sign of an early winter."
A new baby elk appeared in the zoo last
week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1896.
HE SWAM THE
GOLDEN GATE
Extraordinary Feat Yes
terday of a Determined
Swimmer.
CROWDS ON THE SHORE
Over Seven Miles in the Tide
in One Hour and Fiiteen
Minutes.
A VEEY IXCITING FINIBH.
Ths Afternoon in the Biy Closed With
an Exhibition of Lofty
Living.
Man has conefnered the sleeping flood
of waters at the Golden Gate.
Charles Cavill yesterday afternoon swam
from shore to shore, accompanied by a
fleet of saiiboats and many screaming
•teamen and tugs. When his feet touched
the sand at Fort Point and he stood up
and bowed to the multitude the occupants
of almost numberless rowboats added
their cheers to the toot of whistles and
the clang of bells. Cavill is said to be the
first and only man who ever accomplished
the feat of swimming from shore to shore
where the bay and ocean meet.
Many persons left the fort before the
swim had terminated. This was owing to
a widespread report that Cavill had de
cided not to attempt the feat on account
of the swift tide and cold waters. Yachts
loaded with spectators also left the scene
without seeing the swim.
Instead of star ting from the Fort Point
side, as advertised, and swimming to
Lime Point, Cavill plunged into the swift
waters on the Lime Point side. He did
not wade out to his armpits and calmly
float on the bosom of the deep. He took
a header from the rocks with the surf
boiling around him and thenceforward
upon coming to the surface he rode on
top of the wave, sipping the foam, a bold
horseman of the deep, as proud as any
Neptune.
Two Whitehall boats accompanied Ca
vill to lend him assistance in case of
emergency. Their services were entirely
supernumerary. He joked and chatted
with the occupants from shore to shore.
The ferry-boat Sausaiito, crowded to the
hurricane deck with people.and a large fleet
of sail and row boats saw the swim and
the nnish. The management of the Sau
salito was very poor. The crowd that had
been out all afternoon were furnished
with only hardtack and tea in the boat's
restaurant, and the waiter., varied the cus
tomary situation on Sunday alternuon.
They promenaded the lower deck while
passengers raced around and helped them
selves to knives and forks and spoons.
Cavill was 1 hour and 15 minutes in
swimming across the gateway ot water-.
The distance straight across is only about
one and a quarter miles, but before his
feet touched bo torn on the opposite shore
Cavill had swam seven mi.es. The tide —
a very strong ebb stream — did it. He
went into the water at 3:30, and at 4:45 he
walked ashore on the other side. Thou
sands of spectators dotting the heights
applauded the finish.
He was taken from tbe shore to the ferry
boat Sausahto in one of the Whitehall boats
and came into the City with the crowd on
the boat. On shore a large crowd rusned
Ito shake him by the hand. The boats
j blew their whistles and the scene for a few
: minutes was one of intense excitement.
| The swim was under the auspices of the
i California Swimming Club.
Direcily after Cavill landed on the Sau
salito an exhibition of lofty diving was
given by Adolpn Kahn, champion high
diver of California, from the hurricane
deck of tbe Sausalito.
Cavill went at once to the stateroom of
Captain Wilson. He was chilled through.
He took a drink of brandy and was thor
oughly rubbed Uown by attendants. In
an interview with a Call reporter he said :
"1 did not know whether I could do this
thing or not, but I thought I could and
determined to try. My father, Frederick
Cavill, was the champion swimmer of the
world. He swam the English Channel,
very choppy water, seventeen years ago
in eleven hours a distance of twenty-one
miles. lam twenty-tive years old. The
water was cold this afternoon, and my
right arm was useless nearly half the way
across. I punched the bag yesterday ait
eruoon and I think I exercised too much.
That was what was the matter. But I ielt
ail right. I had no idea of giving up. 1
can float if I can't swim."
"What stroste did you use?"
"The underhand side stroke. I did not
swim on my back at all, no sir. I swam
all the time, and on my right side. I
took advantage of the back current from
the other shore."
"What is the secret of long distance
I swimming?"
"The secret of long distance swim- |
ming," be said, "is the proper stroke."
Cavill says he gave an exhibition swim
before Queen Victoria when he was 3 years
of age. He recently won the champion
ship of the Pacific Coast for a quarter
miie, and will soon leave for England to
challenge Nattall, the English champion
swimmer of the world. He snys he is
grepared to swim for the world's cham
pionship any distance from a quarter to
five miles. Cavill claims to have won the
championship of Australia before coming
to this coast.
AT THE CHUTES.
Disposing of a Donkey at Ten Cent* d
Chance.
There was a great number of people at
the Haight-street grounds yesterday to
witness Antonio Pirri take his last ride
down ; the chutes and plunge in the lake. •
As on previous occasions his act was as
successful as it was startling.
There was a good performance ;In the
Casino, the several numbers being re
ceived', with marks of approbation. The
fun of the : afternoon was the' raffle of a
donkey. There ar« eight of the animals on
the grounds for the use of children, but the
younger members of the community did
not take kiudly to the burros. Manager
Bert de Tamble tried to give the animals
away, but found no takers, so he con- j
eluded to dispose of them by chance, one
by o»e. on successive Sundays at 10 cents
a chance. • The first one : put up did not
fetch a very large amount of money, but
his sale created a great deal of merriment.
The winner was a man named Seacolm,
who when handed his prize was as happy
as a child with a new. toy, but in > a short
time he realized that being a bachelor,
with only t» room to call his home, he had
noplace to keep the animal. In despair
he asked those around what he should do
with bis long-eared prize and no one vol
unteered a suggestion, but the burro
Mrs. A. F. Steele, John Patten and
That Lady's Elegant Home,
Where the Old Soldier Says He
Was Imprisoned and Threatened
in an Attempt to Coerce Him to
Yield up an Agreement She Had
Signed.
opened wide his mouth and uttered he
haw. At dusk S acolm was holding the
halier that was fastened around the prize
and wondering what he would do with it.
BEE/ KIN B UEKOCKS.
Xke Golden Gate G«n Club Holds It.
Regular Slioot.
The Golden Gate Gun Club, while a new
organisation, is branching out with vigor
into the field of legitimate sports, and
Dearly every Sunday finds its members
facing the bluero; k traps. Yesterday at
its regular shoot the foilowine breaks
were recorded, conditions twenty bJue
rocks, known traps, known angles:
Wnlton 13. Phillips 1, Kewell 5, W. M. C.
Colt 8, Pap* 8, Michelssen 5, Mascot 9, Morgan
10. Siade, 17, Wollam 9, Walton 10. Perkins 7
Josseski 10, "Sandy" Allen 13, Perkins 15
Hunter 10, Esola 12.
The first tournament of the Golden Gate
Club will be held next Sunday at the Pa
cific Tournament Grounds. A number of
valuable cash prises and medals will be
competed for.
.... . ~ ....... ■; _•;••_ ... ..„ • — ♦.—♦__ . ; ■
.Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue, - ' <> C*, i--~ ;-"> *-* - • ■ .
AGREED TO KEEP
HIM FOR LIFE
Terms Given a Veteran for
His Oregon Gold
Mine.
A WIDOWS BAD BARGAIN
John Patten Says He Was
Lccked Up and Threatened
in Her Basement.
STILL HAS THE AGREEMENT.
Mrs. A. F. Steels, a Woman of
Wealth, D Clares the ex-Sol*
dier Is a Schemer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 20. j
Mrs. A. F. Bteele, a wealthy widow of
Durant street, deeply reereta the day only
a month ago when she listened to an old
soldier's story of a gold mine in Oregon.
She regrets even more that she was led by
his persuasiveness to invest in it and to
guarantee old John Patten a home for life
for his share in the mine.
This was a month ago. Now John Pat
ten has engaged an attorney to fight his
claim against the widow for imprisoning
him in the basement of her handsome
residence for several hours while she at
tempted by means of threats to make him
yield up the agreement she now regrets
signing. He has reported his case to the
police and they are doing some very quiet
work on it.
Mrs. Steele is well known in Oakland
society, lives in the fashionable quarter,
maintains an elegant house and is the
owner, besides other property, of a very
lucrative ranch at San Luis ObisDO. The
ranch was started by her late husband
many years ago, and after his, death the
widow came to Oakland for the purpose of
educating her son.
John Patten is a veteran soldier who
mends china and does some peddling for a
living. He is a well-known character übnut
town, and has frequently referred to his
experience as a p o-pector, but nobody
ever remembers him as a t:ord miner.
About a month ago a rery loquacious
old pedd.er called ai the Su-ele residence
at 310 Durant street. He asked if the lady
of the house had any old chinaware that
wanted repairing. Mrs. Steele bad some,
and the old soldier's manner was so pleas
ant without being free that his plea of
being hungry was also attended to.
While eating, the peddler, who was old
John Patten, entertained Mrs. Steele and
her visitor, Mrs. John G. Lemmon, who is
the wife of the State botanist. He told of
his experience in war time and finally
drifted into tbe story of his gold mine.
He owned a mine, he said, at Grants
Pass, Or., that was a very paying bole in
the grouna, but he had been unable *o
work it for want ot capital. He men
tioned incidentally that if he could take
just enough out of it to live on that any
one who would help him start up the mine
i could have the rest
Just what arguments the old veteran
used are of no great importance, but a
few days later he was in possession of
an agreement duly signed by Mrs. Steele,
guaranteeing to -cc thathedid n twantfor
anything for the rest of his life in con
sideration of giving to Mrs. Steele his in
terest in the Oregon mine. Mrs. Steele
had a young friend in San Francisco named
William Brainard, and a tew days after the
old peddler made bis first call at tbe
Steele residence he and Brainard were
fitted ont with good clothes, a complete
placer mining outfit and cash, and started
for Grants Pass to bring back some sam
ples of the ore for assay purposes. About
two weeks ago Patten returned to Mrs.
Steele with some camples ot his ore, and
they were duly assayed and found to be
practically worthless.
When the facts were made known to
Mrs. Steele she refused to have anything
more to do with Patten's mine and re
quested tbe return of the agreement to
help Patten for life. Patten handed it to
his attorney, George C. Reed, and if pos
sible will try and make Mrs. Steele fulfill
its terms.
"After I told her about the mine," said
Patten yesterday, "she was quite anxious
to get an interest in it. She saw a possi
bility of making a good stake and jumped
at it. I told her that I would look after
'the mine and she could have the total out
put if she would guarantee me enough to
live on for the rest of my life.
"I went to Oregon and brought back
samples, and if they were not rich it was
not my fault. She took her chance and I
SEW TO-DAT-DST GOODS.
AUTUMN
NOVELTIES
Special Exhibition of High Nov-
elty Colored and Black French
Dress Goods.
NOVELTIES in Twine Cheviots
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Etamincs
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Pireola Cloths
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Camels-Hair Boncles
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Sail Cloths
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Covert Cloths.
NOVELTIES in Genuine Scotch Cheviots
In Mixtures and Checks.
NOVELTIES in Two-Toned Leather Cloth.
HE* — SPEOIAL ! — £=a-
-100 pieces FANCY FRENCH CHEVIOTS, in
solid colors only, 46 inches in width,
Price, 75c per Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
did my best. About a week ago I called
at the bouse and she invited me into a
room in the basement. She then locked
me in and kept me there several hours. I
was told if I would give up that agreement
I would be liberate;;. I refused to do so
and was frightened almost to death. I did
not know but what I should be kept there
till I starved to death.
"I offered to compromise the whole
matter for $200 but she refused, and I de
cided not to part with that argreement
unless I were convinced that it might
mean life or death to me. Ever since I
came back she has tried to ignore me, but
I will not permit it. I will attend to that
mine for her and she will stand by her
agreement or I will know why. The
agreement I have given to Attorney Reed
to keep, and I think 1 shall >hortly bring
suit to compel Mrs. Steele to support me."
Patten is rooming at present at the
house of Mrs. Wetherbee at Fruitvale.
Mrs. Steele told a story to-day that dif
fers widely from that told by Patten.
•'The incidents related bj* Patten as to
the manner of our becoming first ac
quainted are substantially true," said Mrs.
Steele this afternoon. "What he says
about my anxiety to purchase a share in
his gold mine is entirely false. He told
me about his mine and of its richness, and
came day after day to me, until I was
fopilsh enough to agree to help him, in
consideration of an interest in the mine,
which, he assured me, was remarkably rich.
1 fitted him out and gave him a helper,
anil am now out several hundred dollars,
and think I have done enough for him.
"1 have tried to induce him to give m« i
back the agreement, but be refuses. I j
deny any such trick as decoying him into
the basement and locking him up till he
feared I intended .otake his life. All this
business is a scheme, and I am convinced
that his mine i- nothing but a mudhole in
the around and is worthless. I gave him
|S yesterday, but shall not g ye him an- j
other cent. I have been victimized enough ,
and will henceforth ignore Patten's de
mands for money."
MEPHISTO N A WHEEL
Misfortunes of Mr. Davis, Who Thought
He Had a "Pull. "
Last Saturday Bert de Tamble, manager
of the Haight-street grounds, hit upon a
new scheme of advertising the last ap
pearance of Antonio Pirri, the demon
cycler, at the ci.utes. He hired a man
named Laurens, dressed him up in a suit
of red, after the most approved manner of
the stage Mephisto, and set him on a
wheel to ride about town with a placard
on his doublet.
The start was made all right, but before
Laurens reached the bu*y part of the City
he fell, sprain d his ankle and was unable
to ptoceed. He was tak> n to a cyclers*,
where a man named Davis, who declared
he was out of a job, volunteered to take
his place. Davis, as a red demon, created
a sensation. Before he had ridden many
blocks he had succeeded in frightening a
number of horses, and when tarnins into
Sixth street he was taken to the Southern
station, where he was charged with misde
meanor.
After a time Davis was released on his
own recognizance, but he was very angry
that he should have been kept in prison
lor several hours. "I thought I had h
pull, said he, "and the boys at the club
told me so, but I found it wouldn't work
without an immense amount of chinning
I guess what I lacked was the push."
Davis will be tried in the Police Court to
day.
The total strength of a German cavalry
regiment is 25 officers, 667 men and 792
horses, 62 of which are officers' chargers.
CASTORIA
For Infentf and Children.
People tell us they have
much satisfaction in dealing
here ; as a rule everything is
all right and when not first
rate is always cheerfully
made so.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday
Butter square 40c
Fresh from the dairy each day
Claret gal. 45c
regularly 75c. ,
Chutney s
regularly quarts 75c. special 600
; * " pints 50c. *' 350
Same brand we've handled more
than a quarter of a century.
Lazeran Sardines v tin 20c
V ". regularly 25c, boneless, best
Imported Jordan almonds
regularly 60c. lb. 45C
Hungarian paprica
sweet, punceiU; the finest flavored
red pepper in the world. Espe-
cially recommended for the liver
by leading physicians.
J oz 2 oz 4 oz 8 oz 16 02
10c. 15c. 25c. 40c. 75c.
Apollinaris water dozen 50c
14. pint bottles '
, Catalogue free.' Write us about orders for win-
ter supcltc-j: send lists for quotations, ask about
freights, ask anything— cheerful responses.
•426-432 Pine "> .
215-217 Sutter }-S. F. Mall orders
2800 California J 15! led at
— ■ Pine Street store.
lf'7sClay. Oatcland.
!
lilies*
; MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
FRENCH . AND ESOIJSH SCHOOL RB.
moved from 615 Haicht at. to 230 Halght;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre»
parrd for college; term opens August, 3. :
X 1 ; 3
VS^ 22 Q MARKET S.T.SJ^/