VOLUME LXXXIV-NO^JgsJ
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 25, 1896 — FORTY-TWO PAGES.
Christmas Betts
Across the somber night an Iron voice
Fling? out with sudden clang a brave " Rejoice.*
Tne startled shades of silence creep and hide
While tower and belfry echo far and wide.
From hill to hill the crashing bells prolong
The message of their glad, triumphant song.
White down the throbbing coast they shout abroad.
" O, a!! ye floods and ttrt^ts, bless the Lord I "
*■ Christmas pea! of stem and solemn tone
I.caps down the serried battlements of stone.
Wlwre Trinity's gray towers on the height
C'eave darkly through the blackness of the night
It thunders to the sleeping town below
To fear no more the tumult of the foe.
The smoke of war, the clamor or the sword—
" Behold, a mighty tower is the Lord!"
Dim and forgotten old Dolores lies.
Yet year by year it whispers to the skies
The holy Christmas tale that throbs and thrills
Through all the listening City of the Hills.
Its brave old voice uprises, ciear and sweet.
Above the sodden stupor of the street.
Proclaiming to the world, in minor chord.
" A comforter of sorrow is the Lord"
So one by one the bells of every creed
Ring out the tale of Christ, and none may lead.
And none may follow, while aloft it swells
Divine grand harmony of pealing bells.
Our Lady calls to Zion. Luther's peal
Rings back to Calvary— their only zeal
To cry across the night in glad accord.
The Prince of Peace — the King of Kings— the Lord."
Juliet Wilbor Tompkins
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
NOW FIGURING
ON THE ASSETS
Chicago Bank Directors to
Sell the Calumet
Road.
Officers of the Defunct Illinois
National Expect to Pay tha
Depositors in FulL
Public Confidence Seems to Have Been
Restored and tbe Run Has
Eeen Stopped.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 24.— The local
financial situation resumed its normal
condition to-day, except for the assign
ment of the Calumet State Bank, a small
institution at Blue Island, outside the
city, which is not expected to have more
than a local effect. Heavy withdrawals
drained the working resources of the
bank, an indirect result of tbe financial
crash in this city. Only a few more de
positors than usual were at the Hibernian
and Illinois Trust and Savings banks to
withdraw their savings, and complete
confidence may be said to have been re
stored on tbe public, so far as it can be
gauged by outward signs.
Directors Adams, Jenkins, Corwith,
Kerfoot and Page of the defunct National
Bank of Illinois made an informal call on
Temporary Receiver McKeon at the bank
to-day and also conferred with each other
in an informal manner, as all the directors
were not present. They urted Mr. McKeon
to make a very careful account from the
Calumet road's bonds held by the banks.
These directors went to the bank in their
capacity of creditors. They are anxious
to see the best interests of tbe bank sub
served and wished to Know exactly what
the bonds were worth as assets. The di
rectors talked among themselves as to the
best plan to facilitate the sale of the
Calumet road and thereby realize enough
to pay in full the depositors of the de
funct ins'.itution.
They said that was their only aim now,
and that there was no doubt that all but
tbe stockholders would get dollar for dol
lar due. The stockholders do not expect
so much. On account of the large part
which the Calumet securities play in the
bank's assets. Director George E. Adams
and Comptroller Eckels sbould be careful
to appoint as permanent receiver a man
who would inspire confidence and be
above suspicion of being interested in
depreciating the value of the Calumet se
curities. There is a sharp contest for the
receivership, one of the candidates being
ex-Mayor John P. Hopkins.
Edward ti.. Valentine, a capitalist, who
was a director of the collapsed bank, said
to-oay that he resigned from the directory
about a year ago because he would not
approve the additional loan of $900,000 on
Calumet bonds, which was carried on the
bank books as "foreign exchange." He
declared that every director was cognizant
of all the bank dealings in Calumet.
Director Jenkins, when asked if there
would be any prosecutions in connection
with the wreck, said, '-No; not at pres
ent."
Otto Wasmansdorff of the defunct pri
vate banking firm and son-in-law of Pres
ident Schneider of the National Bank of
Illinois has mortgaged bis household
goods for $500, and the mortgage was re
corded this morning.
W. A. Paulsen, who was president of the
defunct Central Trust and Savings Bank,
began suit to-day in the Superior Court
against President W. C. D.Grannis, Direc
tor Charier B. Farwell, Ex-United States
Senator, and the Atlas National Bank,
claiming S2so, ooo damages. Paulsen alleges
that bis bank was forced to close because
the Atlas refused to clear for him, well
knowing be was solvent at the time,
which was said to have been done in re
venge for Paulsen's refusal to use the
bank's funds to pay a personal note of
$30,000.
FEW CALLERS AT CANTON.
Colonel Fred Grant and Family Among
Those Who Pay Their Respects
to Major McKinley.
CANTON, Ohio, Dec. 24.— Major Mc-
Kinley had very few important ca.lers to
day. Captain A. T. Wimberly, the Re
publican National committeeman from
Louisiana, was in conference with the
major for some time this morning. Cap
tain Wimbeny avoided all mention of the
purpose of his visit, saying only that he
was on his way to Washington and
stopped to pay his respects to the Presi
dent-elect.
Colonel Fred Grant and family, who
came in last night, called this morning,
but the call was purely of a social nature
and there was little or no private conver
sation between Major McKinley and his
visitor.
Canton has been enjoying superb sleigh
ing for tbe last three days, and this morn
ing Major McKinley yielded to the tempta
tion to take Mrs. McKinley out for a
slegh ride. They were out for an hour,
the major driving. Both enjoyed it keenly
and after the major had looked over his
mail and received several callers be ordered
hii sleigh again and took a second ride.
Major and Mrs. McKinley, as is tneir
custom, will eat their Christmas dinner
with Mother McKinley to-morrow. Only
the members of the family will sit down
at tbe table. The day will be spent very
quietly and no callers of importance are
.expected.
GENERAL MILES CHAIEMAN.
At the Bead of the Principal Committee
iit the Inauguration,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24,-Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles, major-genera! com
manding the army, bas accepted the chair
manship of the inauguration reception
committee, tendered him by the execu
tive committee. This committee includes
the Senators and representatives named
by Congress, distinguished jurists, dis
trict officials and prominent citizens. It
is the chief committee in point of Honor
and integrity, and the chairman is the
personal attendant of the new President
during the day and night of the inaugura
tion.
Generai Horace Porter announced to
Chairman Bell that be has appointed
Colonel H. C. Corbin, U. S. A., as adjut
ant-general and A. N. Blakernan of New
York chief of staff of the inaugural pio
cpssion.
It is also given out by the chief mar
shal tbat he will move the procession past
a given point at the rate of 12,000 men an
hour. Tbis will be accomplished by hav
ing 24 men in company front instead of 16
as heretofore.
The right of the line, the position of
honor, coveied by the Ohio and Pennsyl
vania National Guard in particular, will
be assigned on the principle of favoritism.
Ohio claims it by right of the Presidency,
but General Porter has determined that it
shall go in the order of the admission of
States in the Union. This will put Dela
ware to the front.
MUSICIANS WANT A CHANCE.
They Propose Many Schemes for Melody
at the Inaugural.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 24.—Offi
cials in charge of the Republican National
headquarters are in receipt of numerous
letters proposing various schemes, mostly
relating to the musical features in con
nection with the approaching inaugralion,
which have been turned over by order of
Chairman Hanna for disposal. One com
mon cation, from a distinguished New
York musician, suggests that a band ora
torio and chorus be given at the same time
as the inaugural ball. The writer says
musicians want National emancipation
from foreign thralldom, "Just as you poli
ticians got it."
He charges that the World's Fair Amer
ican composers "were beautifully sat down
upon by a mob of foreign bloodsuckers,
who nianaj?ed to get three-quaners of a
million into their pockets for music."
Another writer says he wants to pro
duce a military and musical work called
"Battles of Our Nation," and he is trilling
to lose on the transaction in view of the
publicity it will receive.
A third genius wanis to ••thrill the coun
try." He suggests 10,000 singers in a great
anthem. He refers to tbe Boston Peace
Jubilee in 1872, which had 20,000 singers,
2000 bandsmen, 200 anvils and twelve 12
-pound cannon lor the "Anvil Chorus."
In conclusion he states he will be happy
to help drill the musicians.
TOWNS AND FREE SILVER.
In Conference ilith ihe leaders at
Washington.
MINNEAPOLIS, Misk., Dec.
gressman Charles A. Towne arrived in
this city to-dßy from Washington and is
in conference with the leaders of the free
silver movement of the State. He bas
been made a member of the executive
committee of the Bimetallic Lea, ue and
sayi that tbe work of pushing the organ
ization will from now en be more ener
getic than ever. Mr. Towne says that es
pecial efforts will be directed toward es
tablishing newspapers in different parts of
ihe country which will advocate free coin
age, and that aid will be given to those al
ready in tbe field. He says the outlook
for the success of tbe free-coinage move
ment bas never been so bright as it is at
this time. He goes to Duluth to-night to
spend the holidays with his family.
AN EXPLOSION IN A MARKET.
It Scattered Money Among the Christmas
Shoppers and Caused a Stampede in
Which Many Were Injured.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 24.— Central
Market was crowded and jammed with
between two and three thousand Christ
mas shoppers about 3 o'clock this after
noon, when suddenly a terrific explosion
occurred, which was immediately followed
by cries of fire. The crowd became panic
stricken, and basket-laden women, many
of them leading children, were knocked
down and trampled by t bo frenzied peo
ple. An inestimable number received cuts
and bruises, but no one is reported serious
ly injured.
The explosion occurred in the office of
the Brand Provision Company, and was
caused by an oil tank connected with a
heater. Five hundred dollars was on the
cashier's desk when the explosion came,
and the money was blown in all direc
tions. The fire was soon extinguished,
and then the crowd began fighting for the
coins and bills which were scattered over
the market place. In this scrimmage most
of the personal injuries were received It
was only after a hard and combined fight
by the police and fire department that tbe
maddened crowd was restored to anything
like order. In addition to tbe bodily in
juries by many score of people, hundreds
lost what they had purchased and were
carrying in their arms when the excitement
began..
INDIAN AT THE CAPITAL.
They Expect to Collect Damages for
Land* Taken From '/hem.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24.— Three
Crook Indians arrived in Washin '. ton last
night, accompanied by their agent, Dr.
Fred Treen. They came to collect $200,000
from Uncle Sam, damages for the aile.ed
confiscation of large tract? of land in
South Dakota, then belonging to their
forefathers. _ The Indians belong to the
famous Sioux triba and are called Crook
Creeks in the country which they inhabit
in the Black Hills. Their faction numbers
nearly 3000, many of them fairly well edu
cated, but ttie full bloods are said to be
slowly dying out. •
For some time members of the tribe
have been laboring under the impression
that years ago their forefathers were un
justly deprived of an immense tract of
land by the palefaces, which has now be
come very valuable.
Another ; interesting delegation in the
city at the present time are four Sac and
Fox Indians from Oklahoma, who are in
terested in transactions pertaining to their
annuities. Pah Ship Ho, a big brawny
chief, with war paint Jof : many colors,
heads the delegation, V s accompanied by
Pee Pee Que, second in the tribe. "George
Quores and Willie" Gray Eyes are acting
as their chaperons and interpreters. They
will have an audience with the Commis
sioner on Monday.
■ ■ ■-• - '■ » , .- • .
FOR PROTECTION OF CHILDREN.
Mrs. Lockwood Reports on the Work of
th* Geneva Congress.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24.— Mrs.
Belva A. Lockwood of Washington, D. C,
one of tbe delegates from the United
States to the second international con
gress, which was held at Geneva, Switzer
land, in September last, to consider the
administration of public chariteis for the
protection of children, has made an in
structive report to the Department of
State. Ten nationalities were represented
and about sixty-five delegates were in at
tendance. The congress was in session for
six days, during wh.ch time many inter
esting and valuable papers were presented
and ably discussed. Among the im
portant topics considered were the educa
tion of abandoned children and the chil
dren of various parents, and tne best
methods of relieving the poor, so as to
make the relief permanent and to dimin
ish instead of increasing: pauperism aud
crime.
CLEVELAND'S GIRLS HAPPY.
There 1* a Well- Loaded Christmas Tree
at the White House.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec 24— At the
White House to-morrow there will be the
customary Chris mas celebration, con
fined to tbe members of the President's
family, of which the chief feature will be
an elaborate tree for the three little girls,
Ruth, Esther and Marion, to whom tbe
patron saint of the season has been most
generous. A number of packages will be
sent by Mrs. Cleveland to the little ones
in several Cabinet homes and to Mr.
Tburber's boys. There are no guests at
the White House this jfcar.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1896
BANDITS FAIL TO
ROB THE BIG SAFE
But They Make a Heavy
Haul by the Alton Train
Hold-Up.
Express Messenger Fryer Given
a Twc-Doilar Bill for a
Christmas Present.
From the Manner in Which They
Handle tne Engine the Robbers Are
Ex-Railway Employees.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 24.— When Chi
cago and Alton train 49. which was held
ur last night in Blue Cut, arrived here at
1:15 o'clock this afternoon, Express M s
senger Freyer said that the big safe, which
was consigned through from the Pacific
Coast to Chicago, was not robbed. One of
the robbers placed a gun at Freyer's head
and ordered him to hold up his hands.
They then secured the keys of the small
safe from Freyer's pocket and r.fled the
sa c of its entire contents, consisting of a
ereat deal of jewelry and a considerable
amount of money.
The bandits demanded that Freyer
derate the time lock on the big safe, but
were finally p rsuaded by him that it was
im possible, afier which they began to
drill a hole and prepare a dynamite
stick. Freyer argued, with them that their
efforts would be futile, as tbe safe con
tained nothing of value, and finally per
suaded them to let it alone.
Freyer said that in the money secured
from the small sale was a quantity of
gold, ten and twenty dollar piece?, and
t, at one ol the men declared, "That's
the kind of stuff we are atter.' 1 After the
men had cleaned out the small safe they
searched Freyer's clothing and took all
the money on his person. He demurred
at this and the leader of the gang tossed
him a $2 bill, saying: "Get yourself a
drink for a Christmas piesent."
The robbers finally declared that they
must skip, as time was pressing, and
jumping from the car ran to the engine
and started it down the track to a point
about a mile below Giendale station,
where they alighted and disappeared in
the woods.
When the passengers in the train learned
that tbe express car was being robbed,
they became greatly excited, but nobody
ventured out. In tbe Pullman coach,
which contained one woman and lour
men, there was confusion. The vestibules
were locked and the shades drawn, whil
the passengers hid their money and jew
elry in every conceivable place of safety.
From the familiar manner in which the
express-car was uncoupled and tbe loco
motive handled, the express officials be
lieve that the robbers were former railway
employes and understood tbe nature of
tbe train and the fact that it ordinarily
carried a large amount of money in the
express-car.
Messenger Freyer insists that so far as
he could see there were out three men en
gaged in the robbery, all of whom were
masked and armed.
Superintendent "Williamson declares
the amount of money secured by
the robbers is small and at a wide esti
mate will not reach $2000. Passengers on
the train, however, declare that the rob
bers secured at least $10,000.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 24.— At the local
office of the Chicago and Alton Railway
Company the following statement in re
gard to the robbery was given out to-day:
"Tbe train was flagged by red and white
lanterns just west of the Missouri Pacific
bridge east of Independence. Robbers
took charge of the engine and made the
enginemen get off. The conductor and
brakemen came ahead and the robbers
took charge of them. They made the
brakeman go back and get the train
wrench and cut off the express-car. They
made considerable noise and did much
loud talking and pounding on couplings
while doing the work, In order to give the
expressman a chance to bide away his
stuff. When the train was cut the rob
bers made the traimen get off while they
took the engine and express-car away.
They next stopped in the cut about half
way between the top of the bill and Glen
coe and rapped on the express-car door.
Tbe expressman opened it and realized
for the first time that he was being held
up.
"All oi his valuables were exposed. He
claims not to have had time to put them
in the safe before leaving Kansas City. It
was therefore not necessary for the rob
bers to open the safe, although they were
amply provided with dynamite for that
purpose. Tbe amount secured foots up
about $2500 cash and may reach $3000.
After robbing tbe car they cut the bell
cord, pulled the tankpin and cut off the
air, and ordered tbe express man to set
the hand brake on the express-car. They
all got on the engine and ran her to the
second iron bridge east of Giendale, where
it was left without steam, hie or air."
FEAST FOR THE CHILDREN.
Sable Worh of the Saltation Army in
If etc York,
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24. -Twelve
hundred youngsters will be made glad
Christmas night by the Salvation Army.
In its JkTourteentb-street headquarters
there has been erected a Christmas tree
sixty ieei in height, and about it a score of
willing hands are hanging; to-day snoes
and stockinjrs, gloves and candies lor the
little ones. The Christmas festivities will
be inaugurated to-night with a service of
song, and to-morrow afternoon tbe little
ones, without discrimination as to re
ligion, nationality or color, will be
rounded up and their hearts made glad.
Advices from the branches of the army
in other parts of the country indicate that
the organization will Drove a friend in
need at this festive season to thousands of
unfortunates. The Cleveland corps will
serve a turkey and plum-pudding dinner
to 1500 people, or as many more as will
come, while at St. Louis the army has ar
ranged to feed 3000 persons and to send
basket lunches to those who from sickness
or other iniirmity are nnabe to put in an
Appearance personally at tbe feast.
Swrar and Houses Burned.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec 24.— Mrs.
Supples sugar- house, two miles from
White Castle, and one of the finest sugar
nouses in the State, waa destroyed by tire
yesterday, together with 3500 carrels of
sugar. The sugar-house cost $140,000 and
was insured for $50,000, and the sugar w»«
worth $50,000.
Tritd to Wreck a Train.
OTTAWA, Kaks., Dec, 24.-An attempt
was made last a igat by five masked men
to wreck a sonth-bound Santa Fe express
which left here at midnight. They were
in the act of placing obstructions on ► the
track when discovered by the former night
operator, John S Spaulding. The 5 bandits
turned on Spaulding, beat him into insen
sibility and fled, leaving a tie across the
tracks The engineer of the express saw
the obstruction in time to avert a wreck.
The scene of the attempted wrecking was
a few miles below Richmond, Kans.
.. ;'■ ' !'*■•■>_ ' m — ; — ■"•/ "-?■. '. • . '•
PANIC IN A DURNING HOTEL
Rapid Spread of a Blaze Started in the
Whiskers of Santa Claus — Many
Guests Narrowly Escape.
ROCKFORD, 111., Dec. 24— The lives
of many guests of the Huffman House
were placed in jeopardy to-night when
that hostelry and the block bearing its
name were completely destroyed by fire,
with a total loss of $190,000. The blaze
originated in one of tbe sbow-windows of
Potter Brothers' dry-goods store on the
lower floor, owing to the whiskers of a
Santa Claus figure becoming ignited from
a gas jet.
The flames ran through tbe store and
its combustible stock with great rapidity,
and, finding an outlet to the hotel portion
of the building, soon ate their way upward
through the elevator and air-shafts. Tne
guests became panic-stricken, but fortu
nately none bad retired and all were res
cued, but not without difficulty. Many
of the escapes were exciting, firemen oeing
compelled to carry ladies from the struc
ture in a semi-conscious condition. The
guests lost all their personal baggage. The
los 3 sustained by Potter Bros, is $90,000,
.with $60,000 insurance. Tbe insurance on
the building is $40,000.
Old Doxey Theater Burned.
ANDERSON, Ind., Dec 24— The Co
lumbia, known as the Old Doxey Theater,
was burned this morning. Loss, $80,500.
PLUNGER BALEY GRANNAN.
Fighting Against the Order to Keep Him
Off th» Tracfi.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Dec. 24.— Supreme
Court Justice Osborne in Brooklyn, re
served his decision this morning on a'mo
tion to make permanent the injunction
against the New York Jockey Club Com
pany and the Westchester Racing Asso
ciation, restraining them lrora ruling
Riley Grannan, the plunger, off the track.
Gran nan was ruled off for giving a present
oi $500 ;o Jockey Fred Taral after a race.
It is also alleged tb t he gave other pres
ents.
General Tracey appeared for Grannan.
He argned that umler a section of the
civil rights act of 1895 racing a>sociations
bad no right t > rule any orderly person off
the track. They have no right either, be
asserted, to make a rule preventing the
making of presents.
Counsel ior the association argued that
they had the right to make any reason
able rules and enforce them to preserve
order, regulate the sport or preserve its
integrity. He contended that Mr. Gran
nan had violated the rules.
Racing at ->no Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 24.— Six furlongs,
Clara Bauer won, Issie O socond, Mollie B
third. Time, 1 :14%.
One mile, Anger won, Alto H second, Farmer
Leigh third. Time, 1:42%.
One mile, Bndgeton won, C. C. Rumrlll sec
ond, Paros third. Time, 1:43%.
Seven furlongs. P. Dunne w'n. Bloomer sec
ond. Stockholm third. Time, 1:28;^.
Six furlongs, Senator Morrill no., R. Q. Ban
second, Lorrania tb ird. Time, 1 :15.
Six furlongs, Ouaretto won. E la Penzance
second, Nover third. Time, 1 :15?^.
Zteglcr and Mr /• arlond Hatched.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— 0tt0 Ziesrler
and Floyd McF.irland have agreed to ride
a match on New Year's day at the cyclers'
track for $325 a side, tbe winner to take
the purse and two-thirds of the gate re
ceipts. The other third will go to the
manager of the contest. The race will be
run in three heats of one-half, one and
two miles.
CHAMP SEEKS REDRESS.
Wants $1,300,000 irom the Government
for tleijcd liamaqei.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 24.— Some
time ago it was stated in these dispatches
thai Shipbuilder Cramp of Philadelphia
liad gone before Congress with a claim ag
gregating $1,300,000 for damages his firm
nad sustained by alleged delays of the
Government in furnishing necessary ma
terial for th 3 construction of the Indiana
and other battle-ships. The claims on tbe
Indiana and Massachusetts, respectively,
are about $480,000.
The Secretary of the Navy has recom
mended that Congress reier these claims
to tbe United btates Court of Claims for
adjudication, but tbe Cramps want an ap
propriation from Con. ress direct, and to
secure it they resorted to extreme meas
ures. They charge that they have been
compelled by the Secretary of the Navy to
sign certain papers or obligations under
duress.
In a letter which was sent to Congress
Mr. Cramp says: "We were compelled to
agree to and accept the propositions of the
department releasing the Government
from all liability in order that said con
tractor couid get a portion of tbe large
sura of money then due him, and which
the Gov rnment reiused to pay unless the
contractor signed the agreement lor modi
fication of the contract as prepared by the
Navy Department, whereby certain rights
of the contractor were impaired."
It is charged that, among other things,
three years after the contract for the In
diana was made the Navy Department
made cbanges and modifications of that
document, and the same circumstances
' ccurred regarding the Massachusetts.
Under the agreement, which is dated May
10, 1894, in tie case of the Inuiana, and
February 1, 1896, in the case of the Massa
chusetts, ihe contractors expressly re
leased the Government "from all and
every claim for Joss or damage heretofore
sustained by them by reason of any failure
on the part of the department 10 comply
with tne terms oi said contracts or on ac
count of any delay hereto. ore occasioned
by the action of the department."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Military Transfers — Aeur Postmasters.
Pensions Jssued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24— The
Secretary of War orders that Captain Wil
liam H. Baldwin, commissary of " subsist
ence, •, be relieved i from "•. temporary duty
with the purchasing commissary in Chi
cago, 111., and that )he i proceed i to ; San
Francisco and relieve Major ;3 Wells ' Wil
lard, commissary" of subsistence, from
duty as purchasing commissary in that
city. > " —■ • ■ -
John R. Whalen, Battery A, Third Ar
tillery. Alcitraz Island, will be discnaged
from the army. : v /a
; I J. F. Allen was to-day 3 appointed Post
master at Ban^or, Butte County, Cal., vice
"J. W. Hill, ; removed ; J. L. : Orrs at Orrs,
Mendocino County, Cal., vice F. M.
iVVeKer.'resicnea.v ■!>:■: •':;'•-:■■; >: : ' : :. : ' : ~~JZ-[i'
Pensions: California: Original— Thomas
Campbell, Sargen ; V Michael rJ. ■" Hag
erty,' Ban Jose Patrick Kennedy, River
side^-JkVV ' ~:'_:. :^,,r -■:./ .;■ ;■:■-■,■: . :;■ ;■:'•>.;,
■ Oregon Increase — Wilson Bowman,
Medford; John Solomon, Veroni. .
'Washington : '-X Original a— '. Henley .L.
Reans; Bunnydaie. ; Original widows, etc.—
Etuelia H. Masburg,*Tacoma. Original
(re-issue)— Mary A. Brown, Vancouver. '
John Meredith Re-d 111.
PARIS, Francs, Dec 24.— John Mere
dith Reed, who was American Consul here
for France and Algeria from 1869 to 1873,
•nd acting Consul-General for Germany
during the Franco-Prussian war, is suffer
ing from a severe attack of bronchitis.
STREETCAR MEN
STRIKE AT BOSTON
Three Thousand Five Hun
dred Employes Tie up
the City's Lines.
N.w the Battle to Secure a Ten-
Hour Day Is On in
Earnest.
Motormen and Conductors Declare
There Will Be Trouble i: Men Are
Imported to Take Their Places.
BOSTON. Mass., Dec. 24.— Because of
the alleged refusal of the West End Street
Rail way Company to recognize their union
and to concede a demand of a ten-hour
workday, 3500 employes early this morn
ing quit their posts of duty and effectu
ally tied up a street-railway system oper
ating lines throughout the entire city
proper, South Boston, Dorchester, East
Boston, Briiiceton, Cambridge, portions
of Newton, Maiden. Everett, Medford and
in tbe entire Roxbury and Charlestown
districts.
Not since the strike of the West End
Railway employes, in February, 1877, has
the general public so fully realized iil de
pendence upon the street-railway lines for
transportation between the various dis
tricts of this city as to-day. Coming jutu t
at Christmas the striKe has greatly incon
venienced thousands who wished to visit
the city stores to purchase their gifts, and
all thoroughfares have been crowded with
pedestrians, despite the biting wind that
prevailed. Early this morning an enter
prising liveryman put out a line of pas
seneer buses between Charlestown and
Scollay square and reaped a harvest.
Later lines were started under the man
agement of the strikers. The steam rail
roads have been dangerously overcrowded
on account of the sudden demands made
upon them.
During the late afternoon and early
evening the suburban traffic over the Bos
ton and Albany road was immense. The
station was packed with a dense mass of
humanity, and although trains were run
every ten or fifteen minutes the cars were
filled like so many sandine boxes— the
crowds pushing, jarnmine and trampling
upon one another for standing room.
Men shouted and women nearly fainted
in the excitement, and innumerable bun
dles and boxes containing presents and
breakable articles were crushed beyond
r cognition by the crowd, which resem
bled a pack of frenzied animals more than
a collection of rational human beings.
There were somewhat similar scenes en
acted at the other railway stations.
Both the conductors' and motormen's
union that held the conference with the
West End directors last night and agreed
lo a week's postponement of the strike
called upon President Littleton to place
themselves ri^ht in the eyes of the com
pany. They explained the apparent
violation of the agreement entered into
last night by saying the men took matters
in o t eir own bands, and the strke was
a fact, even though the Supreme Council
was not aware of it. The president re
iterated his statement of yesterday that
he was powerless to sign the agreement,
and that, even if he did so, it would be
worthless without first being accepted by
the executive committee of the company.
The West End Street Railway Company
to-night issued a notice to ii 3 employes in
which it states that all employes who con
tinue in the service of the company will
be protected, but that all who voluntarily
absented themselves from service will be
considered as having withdrawn from the
employ of the company. The company
advertised for motormen and conductors
to-day and it was said to-night tbat in re
sponse a large number of men had been
secured.
At 9 o'clock to-night signs of weakening
on the part of tbe strikers came when it
was reported that 100 of division 7, which
includes Cambridge, Arlington, Newton
and West Summerville, had gone back to
work, and as a result a few cars are run
nine to-nigbt between Boston and Har
vard .Square, Cambridge. Some fifty or
sixty men also returned on division 5,
South Boston.
Over on the Charlestown division the
strikers declare that if men are brought
from other cities to take their places there
will be trouble.
For ttie Greater Aew fork.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— The pre
liminary dralt of the new charter for tbe
Greater New York has been completed
and wa3 made public to-day. The com
mission before submitting the charter to
the Legislature will hold public hearings
. ;.;'•; new- to-day.' \
HAVE YOU SEEN THE
A perfect wheel is what all say who have examined it. A model of
neatness and thoroueh completeness. It is the wheel of the century. /
■"■;' — — iNSPBOT.', oisr ;. solioitsd. ""'
LiEAViTT~(d^ H2IJL.T..
303 mm ST., coil jieALLisiiia. .;."'
20 SAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
from January 4to 16. The preliminary
charter divides the city into four boroughs
— Mimha'.tan, ti e Bronx, Richmond and
Queens. The Central government of the
city will be in the hands of a municipal
assembly consisting of two houses.
BOLD ROBBERS IN CHICAGO.
Six Armed Desperadoes Raid a Saloon,
Shoot the Proprietor and Take
the Day's Receipts.
CHICAGO. 111.. Dec. 24.— Shortly before
7 o'clock this eveninc, a time when the
downtown stores were tbroneed witb
Christmas choppers, William Burdette's
saloon at 54 Soutti Water street was held
up by six armed robbers, who made their
escspo with the day's receipts, amounting
to $100, after wounding the proprietor in
the right leg. While one of tbe outlaws
stood guard from the outside his five com
panions entered tbe place. Burdette was
behind the bar counting the receipts.
Patrick Nolan, a customer, and William
Matthews, the porter, were the only other
inmates. The latter two complied with
the order of the robbers to hold up their
bands, but Burdette resisted when one of
the men started to take tbe money. The
tallest of the robbers fired two shots at
him, aud one of the bullets took effect in
his rigdt leg. They then seized the money
and escaped in different directions. Tne
shooting, which occurred within a short
distance of the busiest district in Chicago,
soon congregated a large crowd, and
although several officers were on the scene
a moment after none of the robbers were
captured.
PAY THE SAME WAGES.
The Carnegie Steel fnmnanu Exv«ctM Bgt.
r ter Time* During the Hear
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec 24.— The em
ployes of the Carnegie : Steel Company
will receive the same wages during 1897
as they have the past year. Considering
the fact that pigiron and finished products
have fallen in price from 10 to 25 per cent
since the last scale was signed, this action
on the part of the big works virtually in
creases the wages of over 6000 employes.
The notices posted at the different works
read as follows:
To Our Employe*: Eighteen hundred and
ninety-live and ninety-six wages, scales and
v. aces agreements will remain in force during
1897. The present condition of the iron and
steel business does not warrant this continu
ance of the payment of the wages, but we hope
that early \ in 1897 there will come such im
provement as to do so and ii Is the hope which
led us to continue its payment. By order of
the board of managers. ■
The ■ arnegik Steel Company.
Plttsburg, Dec. 24, 1896.
•.•■: — » ; ■ ■. • ;
SECOND CALL FOR BONDS.
Steps for Ilrorganizinri the Oregon Sail
way and .V rionlion Company.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— Laidlaw
& Co. has issued tbe following notice:
"The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com
pany, trustee, advertises for proposals to
sell $400,000 first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
of the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company for the sinking fund, and inti
mates that in the event of tne trustee not
being able to purchase tbe bonds it will be
necessary to draw bonds by lot at par.
Tbis is the second call for these bonds
made this month, and it is understood to
be for the accumulation of the arrears due
the linking innd which were not paid
after the default of the lessee, tbe Oregon
S ort Line, until the leorganization was
effected, when regular payment was re
sumed and $30,000 paid on November 12.
CHILDREN BURNED TO DEATH.
They Perished in a Fire Which Was
Accidentally Start-d.
FRANKLIN. Pa , Dec. 24.— The ignition
of a match which the children of Philip
McKim of Rockland Township were try
ing to take from the pocket of an old oily
pair of trousers of their father's yesterday
started a fire in which three of the little
ones were burned to death and the house
destroyed. Mrs. McKim had gone to a
neighbor's house, leaving her four chil
dren alone. She saw smoke arising from
her home, and with her brother-in-law,
James Taylor, hurried to the house. Tay
lor rescued one child, which was nearly
suffocated. Tbe charred bones of the otber
three were found later.
With a Grand Eisteddfod.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 24.— The Welsh
residents of this city and AUeghany
County, re-enforced by delegations from
Scranton, Pa. ; Cleveland^ Painesville and
other points in Ohio, will observe Christ
mas day with a grand Eisteddfod in the
old City Hall. Outside of the National
event a couple of years since this will be
the most important Welsh musical affair
of any importance in Pittsburg for several
years». There will be three sessions,
morning, afternoon and evening, and a
final programme on Saturday. Professor
Daniel Protberoe of Milwaukee has been
selected as chairman of the judging com
mittee.
For Soliciting a Bribe.
MINNEAPOLIS, Munr., Dec. 24.—Al
derman George A. Durham was arraigned
tbis morning on an indictment charging
him with soliciting a bribe from Holver
sen, Richards & Co. of this city, of $10,000,
in return for which he was to secure for
them the contract for constructing the
water works reservoir in this city and the
boulevard leading thereto. He pleaded
not guilty and gave bail in $5000.
The nowd*ll Case Dismissed.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec 24 The
famous case of Dowdell against the Elyton
Company, calling into question tbe valid
ity of the transfer of the Elyton Land
Company property to tbe Elyton Com
pany, its successor, was dismissed in the
City Court of Birmingham yesterday by
the complainant after two years of iit.ca
tion. The Elyton Com nrny founded Bj^t
mingham and owned $4,000,000 worthtm
real estate here. Ail opposition to rfce^
transfer is now at an end and holders of '
$2,000,000 of bonds in the new company
are secure.
Their Zon<f Haln Completed.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 24.— Mrs.
Eaby and her daughter Clara, 19 years old,
the transcontinental pedestrians, com
pleted the journey from Spokane, Wash.,
to this ciiy yesterday. They left the
Western city May 9 on a wager with a
New York woman that they could cross
the continent in less than seven months.
S'ttlrtt Their Iroubl**.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Dec. 24 —A special
from Mayneld, Ky., says that all fears of
further race troubles are rapidly passing
away. Many of the armed citizens and
volunteers from eurroun ing towns are
returning to their homes. Whites and
blacks settled their troubles last night at
mass-meetings.
The Calumet Bank A**ign.i,
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 24.— The Calumet
Bank of B.ue Island, near Chicago, made
an assignment to-day, owing to the
heavy run during the past week. The
asset* are said to be $67,669, and. liabilities
$68,000.
HE W TO-DAT.
Trophy <*
means a big
step forward in
baking powder
making. "Old
reliables " are
giving way to
: the newer, bet-
ter, purer arti-
cle
SmXs "*.; fillmann fit Bendel, Mfrt,
Philadelphia i
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
M STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
WE SELL THE CHEAPEST.
•■ ', TO" B DON'T, CLAIM :TO HAVE THE
»i largest retail aboestore In this city, but
j we defy our competitors to prove our Shoes
1 are Inferior 111 quality or workmanship,
while we can prove we sell our shoes for
less money. That Is what you are looking
for— THE • BEST SHOES FOR THE
LEAST MONEY. Can we prove It T
: Well, here are our prices: Ladies' Fur-
Trimmed Fausts, warm lined and in dif-
ferent colors:
Ladles' Felt Far-Trimmed Fausts,
; flannel lined :..'.. .51.85
Ladles' - Quilted . Fur- Trimmed ■•-..-■
Fausts, flannel lined .'.... ...... 81.50
Ladies' Red Felt Fur-Trimmed
Fausts. flannel 1ined.. ..:.......... 81. 50
, Ladles'- Fur-Trimmed Vici Kid
Feasts, patent leather tips, flannel
1ined.......;........... : .81. 75
Men's Felt Fausts. flannel lined... * 1 .50
■' ; -'*'-'"»i»Vv JlmtH Ladles' Twentieth
Ufa) IBtal Century . Lace
B «' l^^l Shoes - 'th kid or
■ cV - mil cloth tons, durable
B lAf soles; straight fox-
M W ed, with kid tops te
Hr**«»__ ■'^^ \w or circular vamps
7^~^^J^. | V and cloth tops:
,^BT^^^^ TmTlF* pointed toes "and
* ; ™ < * > "^^■■" B =-- patent leather tips.
Every, pair guatanteed. The very latest,
B'.vellest styles. ' Reduced to $ 2. ; , - ,
- — 3""^
Compare our prices of Men's . Kmbrol- .
dered Slippers with the prices of our com-
petitors. We are much cheaper and give
a better article. ' :
. Men's Embroidered Velvet Slip- .
pers, patent-leather trimmed
; 75r.51.03, »1.25
Men's Russet or Wine-Colored Grain ; •
• Alligator Slippers, patent-leather
trimmed ............ .......51. 25
• Men's Vici ■ Kid slippers, In black,
brown or wine-color chamois
'1ined....... ..:...r...............;.»1.50
: The above Leather or Embroidered slip
per* in either Opera or Everett Cats.
■ Children and Miss- ' — «m _-«».
es' Fine Vici Kid ©fttsjl f&fiiX
Button, full vamps, lU| It'Sjl
kid or cloth tops, K?S3i;l l™|
patent-leather tips I .o-'A 1 f
and spring heels: f^§s3v UU
Child's. s:zfs jH '"■l/yv
8 to 81.00 Hr**fflK/ : V *&
;-. -" Misses', slzt- a 1 Hfi^^Sl^^3Bi»
■ : t(W Country 'orders solicited. ■ <'r
,- &i- Send for .New Illustrated Catalogue .
'Address •'. • : - ' - ' '•
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
1O Third St.. San FranoUoo. V,
BRUSHES; BARB ER* BAK- I
DnUaHtat"' bootblacks, bath- ,
1/ II UVIIkV houses, ~.-\ billiard - table*
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners. r
.dyers, flourmills, v foundries, laundries, papet-if
hangers, ' printers, painters, shoe factories. stable
: men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc -.:
IiL'C'HANAN BKUS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60tfSacraiaento3t.
UOSMOPOIjIT A. IST.
; Opposite U. ' B. } Mint, . 100 and 102 Fifth St.. San
; Francisco, Cai.— The most I select famUv notal la
; the city. -; Board and room 91, $1 25 and $1 50 per
; day, according , to room. Meals ajc Koomj 50j
: and 76c » day. Free coach to and from th* hoi<u.
I look for the coach . bearing the name ■of . the Co*IN THE CLUTCHES
OF THE SPANIARDS
The Imprisonment of Henry
Delgado, the Newspaper
Correspondent.
Secretary Olney Asked to Look
Alter the Wrongfully Ar
rested American.
The Accused Man Made a Long Jour
ney on Foot to Visit General
Maceo.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— Henry
Delgado, an American citizen, the news
of whose capture in a Cuban hospital by
Spanish troops was confirmed this morn
ing, is a special correspondent of the Mail
and Express, detailed two months ago to
join ihe insurgent army in Pinar del Rio.
The correspondent, who was landed in
Cuba by one of the expeditions from this
country, went strictly in his capacity as a
newspaper man for the purpose of telling
the truth just as he found it. When be
left here he carried letters of introduction
to Maceo and to another Cuban general.
When captured these letters were found
on him, together with an order from
Maceo to the Prefect of Las Tumbas, com
mending the bearer to his consideration
and courtesy.
These documents could hardly be re
garded as incriminating. Mr, DeJgado
reached Maceo' s camp in the hills, and in
his quest for news tramped nearly 200
miles. One of his ankles gave vray and
he was ob'iged to go to bed in one of the
field hospitals. There he was taken with
convulsions. He is now believed to be in
Morro Castle.
Immediately upon learning these facts
the Mail and Express telegraphed to Sec
retary of State Olney in Washington and
cabled to Consul-General Lee in Havana,
asking that the le.al rights of Mr. Del
gado be regarded, and that if he has not
already been shot that tbe execution be
stayed until it can be shown tnat his
mission was not one of sympathy or in
tended participation on either side. The
cable to General Lee has probably been
acted upon by Vice-Consul Springer.
Mr. Delgado was born in this city and
lived nearly all his life here and in Brook
lyn. He was educated in the Charleroi
Institute and was afterward graduated
from the Mount Pleasant Military Acad
emy. He married Miss Granger of Hud
son, N. V., some years a;;o. His wile is
now in New York. The couple have one
child.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 24.— The
State Department has been officially noti
fied of the capture of Henry Dsleado, an
American citizen, by the Spanish authori
ties in Cuba. The announcement of tne
capture was made in a Havana paper De
cember 18, and has greatly alarmed his
friends and family in New York. The
matter was officially laid before Secretary
Oiney ihi» c>?rr.;ag. The Secretary stated
tnat the case "Would be at onca investigated
and action taken in the matter.
IMPRISONED AT HAVANA.
The American Coneulnte Takes Up the
tc.se of Delgndo.
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 24.— Enrique
Delgado who is described as an adjutant
of the rebel general's staff was captured
in the Prefecture of General Melguizo on
December 5. Yesterday he was brought
to Havana and imprisoned incomunicado.
It is unknown whether he is wounded or
sick. The American consulate has taken
up the case and will submit it to the gov
ernment as Delgado claims he is an
American citizen and came to Cuba as
correspondent of a New York evening
newspaper. He denies he was a rebel
officer, or that he took any part in the re
bell ion.
He is known to many persons in Havana
and elsewhere in Cuba, he at one time
having been a purser in the employ of
the New York and Cuba Mail Steamship
Company.
A Spanish newspaper reporter says that
when captured Delgado had in his posses
sion a letter to Aniono Maceo and an
order from Maceo to the commander of
the rebel district in which he was cap
tured directing the latter to treat him
with courtesy.
Captain Castillo and eleven of his fol
lowers have been surrounded at Calimite,
Province of Matanzas.
It Is reported that the rebel leader,
Juan Ruiz, died on the nijjht of Decem
ber 12. _
NO PRISONERS ARE TAKEN.
Spaniarda Quickly Put to Death All
, Captured Patriots.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— Marion
D. Perdue, a resident of Richmond, Va.,
who claims to have been a soldier in
Gomez's Cuban army and to have made
his way out of the island through tbe ef
forts of Consul-General Lee, has been in
the city for a day or two on his way home,
Where he goes to recuperate from wounds
received in that service. He talked freely
of his experiences and observations in the
army and some of his statements shed
new liiiht on the condition of warfare in
the island and of the situation.
"In reading accounts of battles, in
Cuba," said the young Virginian, "you
have noticed no doubt that the reports
read so many Cubans were killed and so
many wounded, but you scarcely ever
see it stated that such a number were
taken prisoners. There are two awful rea
sons for this. Tbe Spaniards do not take
prisoners. Ttiey have practically hoisted
the black flag and any Cuban patriot who
is unluCKy enough to be taken alive never
sees tbe sun on the following day. He is
6hot down very soon after he is taken and
bis body added to the number of tbe
enemy killed in battle. Tbe other reason
is that Cuban soldiers know very well the
fate which is in store for them and they
prefer to die fighting rather than be assas
sinated in the ranks of their foes. Many
of Gomez's and Maceo's men for this rea
son have registered a solemn oath not to
be taken alive.
The hundreds of Americans in the ranks
of the insurgenta, says Perdue, are rated
among the best fighters on the island.
They are mostly from the Southern and
Western States, and being expert marks
men are given Winchester repeating rifles
when possible and put forward as sharp
shooters. Many Spanish soldiers have
bitten the dust owing to the unerring aim
of the riflemen hidden in the thickets.
Americana are in the artillery service and
make the best of gunners. The dynamite
cannon which is manned by volunteers ,
from the United States is more feared by
Weyler's soldiers than several regiments
of infantry. Its work in the hands of its
clever manipulators is awfully destructive
to both men and structures.
A squad of Texas cowboys in tbe Fourth
Brigade are armed with heavy telescopic
rifles, which wili till nearly two miles
away. They call themselves the "Lone
Star Riflemen," the solitary star being tbe
emblem of both Cuba and Texas. One of
the squad named Ryan keeps a record of
tbe Spanish officers he has shot. He
claims to have tumbled nineteen already,
not to mention privates.
Perdue described a machete drill by col
ored Cubans in camp. These ueßro troops,
he said, are desperate fighters with thai
keen-edged weapon. The machete of
peace, which is used lor cutting sugar
cane, is different from the machete of
war. Tbe former has a point which is
curveJ backward on the order of a scimi
tar. Those which are used in battle art
perfectly straight and go off to a point
like a sword.
PROJECTS FOR PEACE.
Cleveland and Oln*y Considering the
Poaaibility of Ending the War.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— A Herald
special from Washington says: Projects
for peace in Cuba are receiving considera
tion from the President and Secretary Ol
ney. The effect of Secretary Oiney's dec
laration that the executive branch of
the Government would not be influenced
by the resolution of Senator Cameron to
recognize the independence of Cuba has
encouraged both of these officials to be
lieve tbat the time is ripe for a peaceful
solution of the existing trouble.
It is reliably stated that several plans in
the interest of peace have been discussed.
11 General Weyler is able to give a practi
cal demonstration in the next few weeks
tnat tbe backbone of the rebellion is
broken, as he has claimed, it is the earn
est conviction of tbe authorities here that
a way can be found ;or an adjustment of
tbe pending difficulties satitfactory to all
concerned.
The attitude of Spain until recently has
been such as to afford little ground for
uope that tbe Madrid Government would
consider any propositions contemplating
the granting of autonomy to Cuba in any
form in advance of the total collapse of
the insurrection. Tbe death of General
Maceo, coupled with developments in this
country, it is believed, caused a decided
change of sentiment on the part of the
Madrid authorities.
Intimations nave also been received
here in a semi-official way that the Euro
pean powers are bringing pressure to bear
upon Spain to accept the good offices oi
tbe United States for the re-establishment
of peace in Cuba. The message of Presi
dent Cleveland and the report of Secretary
Oiney served to opon the eyes of the Eu
ropean Governments to the desperate
condition of affairs in Cuba, showing as
they did that unless the conflict should be
terminated by concessions on both Bides,
the war would be prolonged until the
island would be almost beyond rehabilita
tion.
It is known that officials of the admin
istration are viewing with considerable
satisfaction the attitude of England,
France and Germany in regard to the po
sition assumed by the United States in
the Cuban matter, aad although it is not
expected there will be any direct co
operation between the administration
here and those three countries for a for
mal mediation of the Cuban difficulty, the
authorities are led to believe that these
European countries will materially aid in
inducing Spain to ultimately accept tbe
good offices of the United States.
A Sun special from Washington says:
Senator Vest bas not abandoned his in
tention of speakinir on the Cuban ques
tion in the Senate Tuesday. Senator
Hale, who is looked upon as the leader of
the anti-Cuban party in the Senate, said
to-day that he will not resort to nlibuster
ing tactics to defeat the Cameron resolu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIxL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
Uncle Sam — If you don't stop that I will
:ion, because it will not be necessary. He
thinks there will be a full and free discus
sion, however, and that, as it must be
carried on in the intervals when there is
no regular business of the Senate press
ing, it will be an easy matter to prevent it
from coming to a vote. Senator Hale
says that Senator Hoar is opposed to the
Cameron resolution and asks to be paired
in any way to secure its defeat. Senators
who have talked with Secretary Olney
within the past two or three days say
.hat he is more than ever determined to
uphold the right of the administration to
override Congress on this question.
THE QUESTION OF RECOGNITION.
Powers of the Pr*atdent JUacutaed by
Able Lawmakers. .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24.—Sena
tors and Representatives are commenting
on the apparent 'misunderstanding the
public have of the issue that has been
raised by Mr. 01 ney between the execu
tive and legislative branches of govern
ment. The recognition yesterday by
| President Cleveland of the Greater Re
public of Central America has been re
ferred to in the press as if this act by the
Executive related ts a question in. contro
versy. Those who resent the assumption
by Olney of an inherent power in the
President superior .to acts of legislation
call especial attention to the fact that the
President's right to recognize is not called
into question by Congress and has not
been. , ' ,
There is a sort of dispute over this. It
is a well-known fact _ that the President
may, without reference of the question to
Congress, give ouch recognition. ',
The present controversy proceeds from
a declaration that it is not in the power of
law-making authority to direct the Presi
dent to grant such recognition — the decla
ration that the executive is paramount.
It is not contended that the President
must ask the permission of Congress be
fore granting recognition; nor Is it claimed
that Congress alone, by a simple retolu
tion, could direct the President to take
the action desired. The proposition of
Congre-s is that nothing that is not in
violation of the constitution is beyond
the authority of the legislative powers,
composed as they are of two houses of
Congress and the President, or of two
thirds of both houses.
The antagonists of Mr. 01 nay point to
the fact that Congress is not seeking to
curtail the powers of the President,
but that Mr. Olney, presumably speaking
for the President, is seeking to curtail the
powers of the law-making branch of tbe
Government. They say that recognition
of Cuba might be given volun
tarily by the President if Con
gress were silent on the subject,
or it might be withheld at his discretion,
but that if an act goes through forms
provided by legislation and becomes law
tue President is compelled to obey that
law, whether it was perfect or by his sig
nature, by the expiration of ten days
without veto, or by a two-thirds vote of
the House and Senate following tbe veto.
The contention of Mr. Olney, as ttiey
explain it, is that tbe President may ig
nore a law enacted in accordance with
legislation. They insist that the Presi
dent can never be superior to a properly
enacted law. Tbe importance of the
question does not depend upon the matter
of recognition or non-recognition of Cuba,
but strikes at the very root of popular
government. Many of the ablest men in
Congress regard Mr. Olney's assumption
as an attempt at usurpation of power
which would be extremely dangerous if
permitted.
INSURGENTS VERY ACTIVE.
Gomet, Garcia and Uiverla JLre Worry^
ing the Spaniardt.
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 24.— News from
Gomez's camp reports his force in fine
condition and very anxious to try conclu
sions with the Spaniards. They recently
got a large and needed supply of ammu
nition. The men were never in such good
condition before. They are greatly in
censed at the murder of Cubans by
Spanish guerrillas, and they thirst for a
chance to encounter any of ttieir country's
enemies.
At Havana the departure of Weyler for
Pinar del Rio has caused great surprise, as
it was given out tbat he intended coins;
toward Cardenas to fight General Garcia
and to stop Gomez's forward movement.
The change is taken to indicate that seri
ous news has been received from Arte
misa, forcing Weyler to go there instead
of leaving General Arcos to fight it out.
General Riveria has completely duped the
Spanish officers as to his movements and
plans, and hence Weyier was wired to ex
tricate them from their dilemma.
Two Spanish vessels suddenly sailed last
night, and it is rumored that they are
after another filibustering steamer. Span
ish officials intimate tbat several big
moves will be made as soon as Congress
reassembles at Washington, in order to
prove that Spain has ability to cope with
tne insurgents.
BRAZILIANS FAVOR CUBANS.
Street Parade of Spaniarda Leada to a
Lively Fight.
NEW YOKK, N. V., Dec. 24.— The Her
ald's special cable from Buenos Ayres says:
Rio Janeiro advices state that a serious
encounter occurred between members of
the Spanish colony and Cuban sympathiz
ers yesterday. The Spaniards were en
gaged in a parade, and many cried "Viva
Cuba Espanola." This was answered by
the Cubans, who shouted "Viva Cuba
Libre."
A fight at once took place and several
persons were wounded. The Cubsto com
mittee here lias issued a manifesto in favor
of the Cuban revolution. The denial of the
Brazilian Minister in Madrid that his Gov
ernment intended to recognize the bel
ligerency of the Cubans was personal and
was not authorized by cable order from
tbe Brazilian capital.
The Cuban question is assuming a se
rious aspect in Brazil. The Spanish colony
in Rio Janeiro is becoming greatly excited
over the recent actions of the Cuban com
mittee, and tbe meetings which have been
held in favor of the rebels.
It is reported that a group of Spanish
residents have threatened to kill members
of the Cuban committee. The president
of the committee has asked for police pro
tection.
SENATOR PROCTOR'S VIEWS.
Denie* That He In in Favor of Cam-
eron'a Resolution.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24— Senator
Proctor of Vermont is a guest at the Fifth
avenue Hotel. In an interview with a re
porter of the United Associated Presses
to-day, he denied that he was in favor of
Senator Cameron's resolution recognizing
the independence of Cuba. Proctor was
of the opinion that ths resolution would
not be acted upon without a prolonged
discussion. He thought the fact tnat a
constitutional question had arisen over
tbe matter wouia tend to make many of
the Senators who favored a decided stand
to change ground and adopt a waiting
policy, delaying action until after the in
auguration of McKinley. He did not b«
lieve, however, there would be any fili
bustering. He would not discuss the
question that had arisen between the
President and Congress as to their respec
tive authority in the matter, but said it
would no doubt be fully discussed by Con
gress after the holidays.
lUulea for the Cuban War.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 24.— SenorLaraien
Treeo, an agent of the Spanish Govern
ment, to-day purchased of a local firm of
livestock dealers two hundred mules for
use in Cuba. They will be shipped Satur
day to Havana. This- is the lourth large
purchase of mules here by the Spanisti
Government since the Cuban war began.
TO CUBE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gisU refund the money Uit fail* to care. 25c*
TURKISH TROOPS
DEMAND WAGES
They Seize the Captain of
a Vessel and Put Him
in Irons.
Refuse to Land Until They
Receive Arrears in Pay
and Clothing.
After Threatening to Pillage the
Town of Moudanai the Vali
Sends the Money.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Dec. 24.—
A few days ago a regiment of Turkish
troops from Yemen, Asiatic Turkey, em
barked at Hodeida, on the Red Sea, on
board a Government transport en route
for Constantinople.
When tbe ship reached Moudanai, on
the Sea of Maimosa, at which point they
were to disembark and proceed by rail, a
journey of six hours, to Constantinople,
the troops seized the captain of the vessel
and put him in irons. They then in
formed the commanding officer of tbe
regiment that they positively refused to
land until they received their arrears of
pay and a supply of clothing.
A vali was notified at ones of the de
mand of the soldiers, and that official
sent the sum of 150,000 piastres, but this
the troops refused to accept and threat
ened to pillage the town of Moudanai un
less they received what they demanded.
As the soldiers were fully armed and
fiercely determined tbe vali, who was only
fifteen miles away, sent 500,000 piastres,
which he held in reserve lor deposit in
the National treasury, accompanying the
remittance with a note stating that
the sum was all that he had at his dis
posal, and also sent a supply of clothing.
After receiving the money and ciothing
the troops landed.
SPANISH TROOPS WORSTED.
They Made an Attempt to Capture a fil-
ibustering Steamer.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— A Times
special from Key West, Fin., says: A
private dispatch received here last night
from Santiago de Cuba confirms the state
ment that Spanish troops were worsted
on tbe southeast side of the island in
their attempt to capture a filibustering
steamer and its cargo. A special train left
that city very secret! y at noon, bound for
a town several miles distant near the sea
coast to bring back to the hospital a large
number of wounded Spanish soldiers, in
jured by the Cubans in a dynamite explo
sion. Many Spaniards were killed.
NOTES FROM MADRID.
Certain lie forma About to Be Instituted
in Porto Rico.
MADRID, Spain, Dec. 24.— Queen Re
gent Christina will on Cbrismas day sisrn
a decree ordering the operation of certain
reforms in the island of Porto Rico.
Admiral Beranger, Minister of Marine,
denies that the Government is purchasing
warships.
General Azcarraga, Minister of War, has
rendered an account to the Queen Regent
of the work which has been done by the
War Ministry with a new to the arising of
possible complication!.
CHRISTMAS TO BE
DULY CELEBRATED
Queen Victoria and Some of
Her Children to Dine
at Osborne.
Three Thousand Presents Will
Be Made by the Gracious
Sovereign.
Throughout Great Britain There Is a
Three Days' Holiday and Gen
eral Rejoicing.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 34.— A London
dispatch says; Surrounded by a small but
lively part of her children and grand
children Queen Victoria will spend her
Christmas at Osborne, in the Isle of Wight,
where she arrived for a six weeks' stay a
few days since. The family party will be
precisely the same as last year — the
Marquis of Lome and Princess Louise, the
Duke and Duchess of Connaught, with
their children, Margaret, Arthur and
Victoria; and the Duchess of Albany,
widow of the late Prince Leopold, and her
children, Alice, Mary and Leopold
Charles.
During the past few days the venerable
sovereign bas been actively engaged in
personally directing the dispatch of
Christmas presents to her relatives and
other friends. Some of these have been
articles of jewelry of considerable value,
and others pieces of embroidery and knit
ting which derive their value from the
fact that they are her own handiwork.
The officers and servants of the royal
household and the tenantry of tbe various
estates have also been remembered, and in
the aggregate the number of presents sent
out with her Majesty's compliments has
exceeded 3000.
To-morrow morning her Majesty will
attend divine service in the chapel at
tached to Osborne, and at the family din
ner in the afternoon the roast of beef,
which this year weighs 110 pounds, will
be borne in with the usual quaint cere
monies of the time of Henry VIII. In
accordance with time-honored precedent,
the plum pudding will weigh an even
hundred pounds, and will decorate the
center of tbe table, resting upon a gold
platter and decorated with holly and
mistletoe.
Tbe toast to tne memory of the late
Prince Consort will be drunk by the com
pany standing, and the loving-cup will be
passed. The Duke of Connanght will do
the carving.
The Prince of Wales and his family will
spend the day, as usual, at Sandringham,
the tenants of which have been weli re
membered. The family will attend ser
vice in the morning at the Church of St.
Mary Magdalene in Sandringham Park,
and afterward there will be a skating
party on the lake. The Christmas dinner
will not be served until 8 o'clock.
LONDON, Esq., Dec. 24.— The fact that
Christmas day fails on a Friday wili give
the businssa men and the wageworkers a
rest of three days from their labors. Sat
urday, "Boxing day," is a bank holiday
under the law, and consequently theie
will be a complete cessation of Business
throughout the country from Thursday
night until Monday morning.
Advices from the large towns and the
provinces say tbat owing to the improved
trade and commercial conditions the cele
bration of Christmas will be of a more
general and festive character than for
many years past. In the big towns, sucn
as Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Birming
ham and Bristol, the purchases of holiday
presents have exceeded by 100 per cent the
totals of last year.
Another sisjn of the times is tbe large
advance sale of railroad excursion tickets
to people who propose to round up about
the Christmas table at home. Last year
and the year before this traffic was almost
nominal. Altogether there is every indi
cation that this will be the cheeriest
Christmas that Great Britain has had for
several years.
In the Fatherland.
BERLIN, Germany, Dec. 24. — The
Kaiser will have a big party at the palace
to-morrow and Cnristmas will be cele
brated in the old-fashioned German way.
The party will include tbe Empress Fred
eiick, the Princess Frederick Charles of
Hesse-Cassel and her four sons, the Prin
cess Henry of Prussia and her family and
the Prince and Princess Adolphus.
To-night after dinner tne big Cnristmas
tree in the ballroom of tbe palace was
lighted and the gifts distributed. It is
understood that the Emperor's Christmas
present to his wife is a necklace of dia
monds. There will be a tree for each of
the young Princes and Princesses, to
gether with numerous gifts.
This afternoon the Dowager Empress
Frederick will visit a number of the hos
pitals and other charitable institutions
and distribute gifts and flowers.
FOUND IN THE SEINE.
Recovery of the Body of Minting Xoveliat
Hubert tJrackenthorpe.
PARIS, Fbanck, Dec. 24.— The body oi
the novelist Hubert Crackenthorpe, who
has been missina since October 10, was
found in the Seine to-day. Mr. Cracken
thorpe is said by his friends to have left
the Pans hotel where he was staying in
the latter part or October, but the name of
the hotel is not given. In the latter part
of November a Mr. "Crackthorpe" was re
ported to have passed through Bordeaux
en route from Bayonne, accompanied by a
lady, but nothing definite was learned of
the whereabouts of the missing novelist
from bis disappearance until the finding
of his body to- day.
Of the Jnek-tht- Hipper Type.
LONDON, Esq., Dec. 24.— A dispatch to
the Pall Mali Gazette from Amsterdam
says that a series of tragedies of the Jack
ihe-Ripper type are happening in that
city. The body of a woman with the
throat cut and otherwise mutilated was
found in the street this morning. The
object of the crime was not robbery, as a
sum oi money and a quantity of jewelry
was found on the body.
Taylor la demanded.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 24.— Edward R.
Taylor, alias Arthur W. Platt, who was
arrested in Oxford last week upon a war
rant obtained by the United States Em
bassy, charging him with the murder of
Jessie Tyree in Kentucky in 1895, who
was arraigned in the Bow-street Police
Court on December 18, was again ar
raigned thia morning and remanded for a
week pending the arrival of documents
concerning the case liom America.
SEW TO-DAT.
The Merriest
of Merry
Christmases
To You AH!
With hearts bubbling over
with gratitude to our friends in
this State and beyond the State
lines, we extend to you our deep
gratitude for the over-liberal
patronage received by our house
during the year and especially
this month.
We have enjoyed the most
prosperous year and the most
prosperous December the big
Kearny-Street Store has ever
enjoyed. We trust by our efforts
to cement the bond of friend-
ship now existing between our
house and the public, closer and
closer, as the years roll by.
We shall not rest content with
the present systems of the house
or its present management, but
shall try and strive to improve
with the advancement of each
day.
We extend to you all, friends
and competitors, a merry, merry
Christmas.
The Lucky
Guessers.
After five hours of arduous
labors performed by representa-
tives of the Examiner, Chroni-
cle and Call, the committe finds
that Little Red Riding Hood's
stocking, which was exhibited,
in our window and upon which
you were called, to guess the
number of candies therein, con-
tained
145
Candies.
Upon close scrutiny of the
18,000 guessing blanks counted
by the committee, we find that
the following are the nearest
guessers and they will kindly
call at the big store this morn-
ing and receive their rewards
for their clever guessing :
ARCHIE JONES,
1803 Folsom St., City,
Receives ijpoO, being the nearest
Guesser.
CHAS. M. HARRIS,
18 South Park, City,
Receives $30, being the second
nearest guesser.
MINNIE BRADLEY,
6 Wall St., City,
Receives $20, being the third
nearest guesser.
IDA SCHUMACHER,
1223 Pearce St., City,
Receives $10, being the fourth
nearest guesser. •
RAYMOND M. SIEM,
610' A Third St., City,
Receives $5, being the fifth
nearest guesser.
The following twenty will re-
ceive Coasters, and they will
kindly call for them this morn-
ing.
G ART ON KEYSTONE,
1116 Bush St.
JOHN WILLIAMS,
1604 Guerrero St.
MABEL M. KELLY,
Mill Valley, Cal., Marin Co.
NELLIE FIN LAY,
1604 O'Farrell St.
JOHN THOMPSON,
547 Franklin St.
SERG'T. GEO. A. SAVER,
Troop I, Presidio.
FRED MACPHERSON,
209 Bartlett St.
EDDIE O'BRIEN,
88 Clipper St.
WALTER McGERSHON,
2613 Post St.
G. W. BOGGS, Tracy, Cal.
CELIA DO LAN,
731 Harrison St.
FLORA FLYNN,
6 Sherwood Place.
FRANK CLANCY,
260 Lexington Aye.
R. T. WARD, 610 Clay St.
E. M ANNIE, 548 Minna St.
J. BRENAN, 1809 Steiner St.
JUANITA STAHL,
2932 Jackson St.
CHARLIE COEY,
1220 Golden Gate Aye.
WELWYN D ALL AM,
936 Magnolia St., Oakland.
HAZEL DAW SON,
2219 Devisadero St.
R. C. JEWELL, ) f
J. H. CULBERON, \ l ?™'
Chas. E. ARNOLD, j ffilttce -
Again wishing you all a Merry
Christmas, we are,
Yours very gratefully,
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, IS, Id Kearny St.
34
HEROIC TRIP OF
AN EMBEZZLER
Crosses Raging Streams
aqd Snowy Wastes to
Keep His Word,
An Indicted Oregon Postmaster
Surrenders and at Once
Pleads Guilty.
Th» Court by Its Sentence Recognizes
the Fact That There Is Honor
Among Thieves.
PORTLAND, Ob., Dec. 24.— There are
many instances on record where men have
risked their lives in desperate journeys,
impelled by patriotism, or that some in
jured friend might receive succor, but
such an action as that which brought Vin
cent Button, late Postmaster at Oretown,
Or., to cross raging rivers and snow-drifted
mountains thai he might reach Portland
has not been narrated. .
Sutton is an embezzler of Government
moneys, and as such embezzler he came
over the dreary, desperate stretch of forty
three miles which separates Oretown from
Sheridan, on the railroad line, that he
might give himself over to the United
States authorities. It was some two
months ago that the complaints coming
from the patrons of the Oretown post
office led to an investigation, and this re
sulted in the indictment of Sutton by the
Federal Grand Jury, whose session has
just ended.
Button, on bearing of the indictment,
wrote United States Marshal Grady that
there was no necessity of sending an offi
cer for him, because whenever he was
wanted he would come. Saturday the
Marshal wrote Sutton that he woull have
an officer at Sheridan on Wednesday
morning and for him to be there. The
Three Rivers was running over its banks,
and to reach Sheridan Sutton would have
to cross the stream five times, trusting to
drift logs for transportation.
Nothing daunted, the man started, and
seemingly by a miracle reached Sheridau
at the appointed time. Considering that
Sutton is a small, undersized man of
seemingly little physical force the feat is
considered by those who know the country
as remarkable.
This afternoon he was arraigned before
Judge Bellinger aud pleaded guilty. Look
ing at the man's effort made in keeping
his promise to be on hand when wanted,
the court imposed the minimum sentence,
which is six months' imprisonment in the
county jail and a tin 9 equal to the amount
embezzled, $355 60.
THE YOUNTVILLE HOME.
Secretary of State Brown's Interesting
Report to the State Board of
Examiners.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 24.— Secrc*
tary of State L. H. Brown has submitted
his report on the Yountville Soldiers'
Home to the State Board of Examiners
after a careful investigation due to certain
charges preferred by \V. R. Thomas on
the 6th of last July. In substance the re
port says:
It is the general idea that the home, is a
State institution, but in my judgment it
is not, and never has been such, but is the
property of a private corporation organ
ized March 7, 1882. The State pays $75
per annum for each inmate, saving over
50 per cent over what It co«ts in her own
institution. The Federal Government
also gives $100 per annum per inmate, the
annual paymeut being $45,000, in quar
terly payments.
The first allowance by the State wa3
$15,000 yearly for 100 inmates. The total
disbursements by the State to the institu
tion amount to $240,000. The Legislature
in 1887 appropriated $10,000 for improve
ments, and this was unlawful. The $150
for each inmate is simply a payment on
the part of the State for maintenance. No
complaint can be entered aeainst this $75
for each inmate, as the State cannot do as
well elsewhere, but no money can be ap
propriated for repairs or improvement. In
1889 the Legislature provided for the ap
pointment of directors by the Governor,
but no appointments have been made.
The Legislature then called the home
"the State Home," but no deeds ever
passed to the State. The Legislature of
1893 made an appropriation of $50,000 for
improvement*. The same Legislature in
creased the allowance $45,000 a year. The
home being under the control of an asso
ciation and owned by tne same, the State
bus nothing to do with the conduct of its
affairs. The State can well afford to con
tinue its present allowance rather than
erect a home of its own.
After discrediting and answering the
charges made by Thomas, Secretary
Brown recommends that the directors be
asked to apply for permission to deed the
property to the State and tnat a new
board of directors be appointed, the ma
jority by theG. A. R. posts, the others by
the Governor.
SAN DIEGO'S MURDER MYSTERY.
Testimony at the Coroner's Inquest That
May Lead to the Capture of the
Assassins.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 24.— The Coro
ner's inquest over the body of John Pat
terson, who was foully murdered at the
San Diego Town and Land Company's or
chard at National City last night, was
begun this afternoon at National City.
About a dozen witnesses were exam
ined. These included the man who had
found Patterson in a dying condition in
the strange rig that conveyed him to
town from the scene of the killing; others
who had visited the orchard and meas
ured the tracks there, and others who
knew Patterson and the circumstances
surrounding his employment at the or
chard as watchman.
Nothing new was obtained from the
witnesses, with the excep ion of William
Ward, an employe of tb«» Land and Town
Company, and from City Marshal Smith,
who visited the orchard and measured the
tracks found there.
Ward's testimony was very important,
and tended to confirm Sam Black's story
of two men stealing his rig in Telegraph
Canyon and getting away with it, thus
exonerating B ack from any connection
with the murder.
Ward testified that he had been at work
in the Sweetwater Valley and started
home about 5 o'clock on foot. He walked
down the road about half a mile behind
the rig in question. He positively identi
fied the rig. Two men were in the seat
and while he walked behind it they
turned and talked to him.
The man who did the talking was of
slighter build than the other and light
complexioned, while the heavier man was
dark an i did not talk much.
Witness believed he would know the
light-corn plexioned man it he should see
him.
When Ward was asked if the tall, dark
man resembled Sam Black, the owner of
the rig, he said the general appearance
was the same. He could not say as to the
face.
The testimony of the witnesses wbo
exam ned the tracks showed that, so far
as could be ascertained, there was only
one track made aside from Patterson's
own.
The rig approached the orchard from
the south and drove clear through it In
one place the rig got out of the road and
there was found a good imprint of 'he
tracks made by the man on foot. The
track was laige, measuring 11}^ inches in
length and \y± inches Broad. Nothing
beyond this could be found. There is no
evidence of a struggle anywhere.
Sam Black tells the following story of
how his rig a« stolen:
"I left San Diego on the 23d of Decem
ber, about 11 o'clock, to kill some quaii
and rabbits for the market. I went
through National City on down througn
Chula Vista. I wont up the ridge on the
left hand side of Telegraph Canyon.
''I was within four miles of Cockatoo
Grove when a cat came across the ridge
ahead of me. I laid my shotgun on the
seat, took up my rifle and followed him
down the canyon. He got into the tules,
so I turned back to my wagon, or whore I
left it. It was gone. I took the track
and f iljowed it about two or three hundred
yards due east.
"Tuey turned south around a ridge,
then up on another one; then they crossed
Telegraph Canyon. I got on high ground
as quick as possible. I saw two men in
my rig acrosß Telegraph Canyon. They
were going south when I saw them.
"After they got out of my si^ht they
turned back due west. I followed them
back down in Telegraph Canyon. About
the mouth of the canyon they got into
the road. It got so dark I could not fol
low them any further, so came to town to
get help. Ttie two men were too far away
from me to get a good look at them.
Both wore dark clothe^ and black hats."
The inquest was postponed uutil Satur
day afternoon. The Sheriff's office is
meanwhile making independent investi
gations, and it is pos*ib c that Black will
be arrested to-morrow and held on sus
picion pending further inquiry.
RELEASED FROM ENSENADA.
Barry JUantur Finally Gets Out of the
Jtfejrtoau .Prison.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 24.-Harry
Mansur, the American who was arrested
several weeks ago by the Mexican cus
toms officials at Tia Juana for alleged in
fraction of the laws governing the free
zone, has been released by the Ensenada
authorities, and is again at his home on
this bide. His release was obtained
through the intervention of Hon. Anthony
Godbe, American Vice-Consul, and a cash
bail was obtained, which allowed Mansur
to leave the country.
Mansur said to-day that his case was
temporarily settled and he did not expect
it to come up again for six months or a
year. It is probable that the cash bail
will be quietly accepted and no further
action taken, especially as Mansur's in
fraction of the law was slight.
Mansur's wife's family lives at Rosario,
about two miles south of the free zone.
Mansur had often visited them, taking his
team and paying no attention to the law,
being an old resident and acquainted with
the officials.
But a new administrator of the Tia
Juana custom-house, Senor Montavelascu,
caused Mansur to be arrested for smug
gling a horse into the country, and im
posed a heavy fine upon him. Failing to
pay the fine Mansur was sent to Ensenada
to be dealt with by the higher authorities.
Since that time until a day or so ago he
had been in jail.
SANTA BARBARA'S CHARTER.
A Content the Outcome of Which Cause*
Anxiety.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Dec. 24.— At
5 o'clock this evening the papers in a con
test in the charter election were filed with
the County Clerk. It is claimed that the
votes were erroneously counted and that
the charter was in reality carried. H. G.
Crane is the plaintiff in this interesting
suit. He alleges that s'xty votes counted
against the charter were cast for it. The
cnarter election was held on November 17,
and defeated by thirty votes. If plaintiff
should be sustained by the courts, which
will take some time to decide, it is feared
it will throw things here into confusion, as
the Legislature may not have time to rat
ify it. Here it is the sensation of the hour,
even the children on the streets forgetting
Santa Claus to listen to street-corner dis
cussions.
LOS ANGELES BANK-ROBBERS.
McCarthy Denied a Xeu> Trial ctn'l
Sentenced for Ten tears.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 24 —Judge
Smith of the Superior Court to-day denied
the application of ban_-robber j. J. Mc-
Carthy for a new trial, and sentenced him
to San Quentin penitentiary for ten years.
McCarthy's attorney gave notice of an ap
peal to the Supreme Court McCarthy is
the accomplice of Fred Jones, who ran a
tunnel under the vaults of the First
National Bank and attempted to blow
them up. Jones will be placed on trial
soon. It is said ha is to receive a light
sentence in view of his confession, on
which McCarthy was convicted.
loung Men* Jnatitute Officer*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— The follow
ing officers have been elected by the
Young Men's Institute: President, P. L.
Lineban ; first vice-president, J. J. Grii
nth; treasurer, J. M. O'Keefe; financial
secretary. W. E. Lanigan; recording sec
retary, W. W. Smith; corresponding sec
retary, J. A. Wondra; marshal. T. H.
Craig; inside sentinel, W. F. McKannay;
chaplain. Rev. Father McGuire; medical
examiner, Dr. F. C. Gerlach; executive
committee — V. B. Scanlan, J. _5. MacNa
mara aDd A. J. McCarron.
Arraigned for Cattle- Stealing.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., Dec, 24.— Pendenclo
Sibrian was up before Justice Dwyer this
morning charged with cattle-stealing from
the Hyde ranch. He is the fourth man
arrested on this charge. One of his old
companions, Moleres, was brought from
jail to testily against Sibrian, who, he
said, instigated tue raids and paid Mo
leres $.50 for bis services. The examina
tion was not concln>led when court ad
journed.
Football nt horn Angeles To- Day.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., Dec. 24.—Prep
arations are complete for the big game of
football to be played at Athletic Park to
morrow between the Berkeley team and
the Los Angeles Athletic Club team. The
Berkeley boys arrived from the north at
1:30 this afternoon. Captain Ransome of
Berkeley, who was injured some time ago,
wi:i play to-morrow, after several weeks'
absence from the gridiron. The athletic
team has great hopes of victory, in view
of its recent defeat of the crack team from
San D.ego.
The l'arkhumt* !«*« Another Caie.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 24.— The
Parkburst Society lost another case in the
police court to-day, Justice Morrison ex
culpating Mme. Van from the charge of
selling liquor without a license. Leaders
of the crusade agains vice in Los Angeles
are crestfallen at their defeat, and it is
likely that no more attempts will be
made at "slumming" by the Ministerial
Union.
A Free Man After Twenty Tear*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 24.— John C.
Henley, who in a quarrel over a game of
cards in Humboldt County in 1876, killed
his opponent with a knife, and on being
convicted jeceived a sentence of life im
prisonment, will walk out of the State
prison Christmas morning a free man,
Governor Budd having agreed to sign 1 his
commutation papers.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take i&vative Brorao Quinine Tablets. All drug'
gust* reiuad the money ii it luiia to cure, iioc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1596.
SIX FRESNOANS
UNDER ARREST
Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury a Few
Days Ago.
The Case of Lawyer J. H. Collins
Creates Quite a Sen
sation.
Charged With Destroying United
Slates Evd?nce— Prisoners Taken
to Los Angeles.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 24—Deputy United
States Marshal A. T. Covarrubias arrived
this morning from Los Angele3 with
bench warrants for the arrest of six Fres
noans, who vere indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury a few days ago. He immedi
ately served the documents and the fol
lowing constituted his prisoners, whom
he took to Los Anceles to-night: J. H.
Collins, charged with impeding and ob
structing the administration of justice;
J. H. Wellburn, aged 11, cliareed with
breaking into the United States post
office at Haniord and embezzling and de
stroying a letter; Fred Michelson and C.
T. Sierra, charged with sending unmail
able matter tbrouzh the mails; Mariana
Aldana, charged with opening the letter
of another; Mrs. Ellen Burns, charged
with selling liquor without a license.
Before leaving for the south Collins
prepared a bond of $1000, which will be
submitted to Circuit Judge Oiin Wellborn
for approval. It was approved by Com
missioner Prince of this city. Michelson
and Sierra also prepared bonds in $500
each. Their offense grew out of what
they intended for a practical joke.
The arrest of Collins caused a sensation
when it became known. He is a well
known attorney and was formerly pastor
of the local Congreeational church. Some
time ago Jacob H. Terry, a wood-dealer,
was arrested for sending obscene matter
through the mails to a woman named
Mrs. Houghton, his former inamorata.
Collins acted as her attorney, and she
gave him the letter which Terry had
written. It was at the lawyer's instiga
tion that the Federal authorities arrested
Terry. Afterward, when the case came up
before Court Commissioner Prince of this
city for examination, the leiter on which
the prosecution was based could not be
found. Mrs. Honghton testified that she
had given it to Collins, and that the attor
ney swore that it had been stolen from a
piceonhole in his office desk.
Mrs. Houghton, upon further examina
tion, admitted that the missive had been
sold by her to Terry for $50. Terry testi
fied also to this transaction, and swore
that Lawyer Collins planned it. Accord
ing to Terry the letter was burned at the
attorney's suggestion.
Collins admits that be knew of the
transaction between the woman and
Terry, but denies having had anything to
do with it except to write a blank receipt
for Mrs. Hougbton to sign for the money
she received from Terry for the letter.
Owing to the inability to rind the letter
the charge against Terry had to be dis
missed. Collins' alleged connection with
the sale of the letter, which was then
United States evidence, was called to the
attention of the Federal Grand Jury and
it indicted him.
MEXICAN MILITARY MONSTER.
Under Court- Martial for Barbarities Not
Even Practiced by Spanish Officers
in Cuba.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dee. 24.— Colonel
Antonio Maneiro, a well-known Mexican
officer, is under arrest and undergoing
court-martial on sensational charges,
which has had the effect of creating erreat
excitement in Mexican military circles.
Colonel Maneiro is in command of the
Fifth Cavalry at Mier in the State of
Tamaulipas.
All - the charges against him indicate
the grossest cruelty and abuse of power.
The most serious is that . made by the
relatives of a dead soldier, . who allege
that Colonel Maneiro, as punishment for
a • trifling V offense, * ordered - 1000 - lashes
given to the man on the bare back. This
was done and the man fainted under the
punishment, his back becoming raw and
bloody. '■■" -;■ '■:'.: . >c' ':"■'- ■•-" .■. ■ '■■ -:■ ;
. The soldier plying the whip hesitated,
whereupon .Colonel . Maneiro is alleged to
have threatened him with similar punish
ment if he did not lay 500 more lashes jon
the fainting man's back. There was no
alternative and this was done, the colonel
standing' by. to see them well applied.
The result was that the soldier died of the
fearful injury when 200 'lashes had been
laid on. ; v V
Another charge is that. Colonel Maneiro
(ashed a 14-year-old girl, for bringing
liquor into the quartel. She received 500
lashes, but red. . ;■'■..■■ . .
Another victim, an officer who escaped to
the City of Mexico, charges that Colonel
Maneiro ordered him to be shot for an
offense a not punishable by death. The
victim was placed against a wall and a
squad fired at him ana be was left for dead
on the spot. - .V .. -*: \
But the squad was friendly and did not
aim to kill. The officer escaped with a shot
through the arm, * which caused it to be
amputated. •-**'. ' j' '" •' = '."
. Colonel Maneiro Is said to have been
placed under great fear when he learned
that the man was living .and was prepar
ing to face ; him in court-martial. Other
charges equally serious are now being con
sidered by the mi itary court, and mean
time the accused is kept in prison, in
solitary con linemen t,r;
."•■■■ ■ :■■' :■- ■■-..■*■■ l — — "♦•'■' ■■ /ii'-i.V'-r i
JNTERNAL EAVENUE COLLECTIONS
Whisky Receipt* Shout the Only Sot able
Increase.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24.—In
ternal revenue collections, as shown by
the monthly statement issued by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for
November, have fallen off $722,357 for that
month. The receipts for last November
were $12,701,369. Whisky receipts show
the only notable increase for the month.
For the last five months the increase from
this source amounted to $1,401,592, and ior
November to $185,211.
For ihe five months for the present fisca
year the decrease in the general co 1 lection
was $651,957. For the month of Novem
ber the receipts from the several sources
of revenue were as follows: Spirits,
$7,857,203, an increase for tha month of
$117,670; oleomargarine $80,750, decrease
$361,795; tobacco, $2,411,325, decrease
$166,362; fermpnted liquors, $2,318,144, de
crease $139,302; filled cheese, $557; miscel
-1 aneous, $33,433, decrease $3425.
Japan and Peru.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dpc. 21— The
Japanese Minister, Toru Hiriscbi, and the
Peruvian Consul- General, Frederico Berg
mann, executed notifications at the Jap
anese lega'ion to-day of a new com
mercial convention jointly agreed upon
between those countries. Japan 3ecure«
advantageous concessions by which her!
superfluous manufactures may find
market in the South American republic,
and in turn facilitates the import of
Peruvian products, notably coal mi, into
Japan.
NO SIGH THE TEEATY.
Minlnter .tndrnde of Venezuela on the
If'ov *<> Washington..
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24— Mr.
Andrade the Venezuelan minister) to the
United States, who went to Caraca3 two
months ago to lay the protocol of the new
boundary treaty with Great Britain be
fore the Venezuelan cabinet, is expected
to reach Washingtoa on Sunday of this
week. The State Department has every
reason to believe that he has been em
powered by Pre-ident Crespo to sign the
treaty on behalf of Venezuela. The de
partment has been fully advised of the
protests which a lew ambitious politicians
in the republic made against the treaty,
but its information is that these influ
ences were sternly -repressed by Crespo,
who, while not satisfied with every de
tail, believed the treaty to be on the whole
all that Venezuela can consistently ask.
If Mr. Andrade, as is expected, shall
reach Washington by Monday next, him
self and the British Embassadur will
meet— presumably at the British embassy
— almost immediately and formally slgu
the protocol. Tuis will clear the way for
the settlement "of the true divisional line
between Venezuela and British Guiana"
which formed the subject of President
Cleveland's special message to Congress a
year ago.
liiliuokalani' * Train Late.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24— The
train on the Southern Railway bearing
ex-Queen Liliuokalani, en route from San
Francisco to Boston, via Washington,
which was due here at 9:40 p. M., is four
hours late. Tue first secsion of the train
arrived here 11:10 p.m. The Queen is trav
eling in the regula/ sleeper attached to
the second section, and this is due here at
1 o'clock Christmas morning. The train
will continue on nonh over the tracks oi
the Pennsylvania tracks and is due in New
York at 7 o'clock.
Critical Illnen* of Mot a tile Person*.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 24 — Congress
man-elect J. Callahan is daugerously ill
at his home in Kin fisher.
CASTILE, K. V., Deo. 23.— Miss Frances
Willard. t< resident of the World's and Na
tional Women's Christian Temperance
Union, who is at the Sanitarium here, has
suffered a relapse and i» quite ill. Her
physician has canceled ah her engage
ments and she will remain here for some
months.
PARIS, Mo., Dec. 24— 8. N. Bodine of
this city. Congressman-elect from the
Second District, is very ill of pneumonia.
Suicide of an inventor.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 24.— Albert
Maetzke, an inventor, of university educa
tion, killed himself this morning by firing
a bullet into his head. Three years ago
he invented a streetcar fender and told a
man about it so that the design could be
used and he accused this man of getting
the invention patented in his own name
and reaping all the profits. Maetzke
brooded over this act, became insane and
was confined in an asylum until recently.
He is believed to have been insane when
he committed suicide.
liana" Grants Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 24— The
Secretary of the Interior has approved the
following grants of lands to railroads:
Southern Pacific. 5711 acres in the Los An
geles, Cal., land district; 200 acres to the
same road in the Visalia, Cal., district,
and 240 «cr^s to the Central Pacific Rail
road in the Carson City, Nev., district.
Opposed to War With Spain.
MOBILE, Ala., Dec. 24.— The Chamber
of Commerce has passed resolutions
deprecating any action on the part of the
Government interierine with the Cuban
question that is likely to lead to war with
Spain, and calling on Congress to use its
influence to prevent any such action be
ing taken.
Gave Hit Fortune to a University.
LONDON, Enq., Dec. 24.— The Morning
Post will to-morrow say that Alfred No
bel, the Swedish engineer and chemist,
who died at San Remo, Italy, on Decem
ber 9, left a will bequeathing his entire
fortune, amounting in value to about
$10,000,000, to the Stockholm ?Uni?ersity.
Searching for Anarchist*.
BERLIN, Germany, Dec. 24 — The
Berlin police have been engaged within
the last twenty-four hours in searching
the lodsrings of known anarchists ; with
the result that they have arrested several
prominent members of the sect, includ
ing the leader, Landau r, aud his female
companion, Rose Bareiss.
Denounces tin Jntposter.
VINELAND, N, J., Dec. 24— Colonel
Edmund Johnson denounces as an im
postor the cay young man calling himself
George E. Johnson, who claims to be his
son by a deserted wife, and who says that
he has been hunting for his father for ten
years.
A British Steamer Misting.
LONDON, Ekq., Dec. 24— The British
steamejr James Drake, from Carloforte,
Sardinia, November 28, for Dunkirk,
France, is eleven days overdue at that
port. The ship is owned in Shields and
carries a crew of nineteen men.
Bteinitm Hins a* Usual.
MOSCOW, Russia, Dec. 24 — Steinitz won
the twelfth game as played yesterday
aeainst Lasfeer in thirty moves. It was
Ruy Lopez, opened by Lasker. Present
score: Lasker, 7; Steiniiz, L Drawn, 4.
Accept* a Cull to Alameda.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— Rev.
Thomas J. Lacey, assistant to the rector
of St. Luke's Church, Brooklyn, has ac
cepted a call to Christ Church, in Alame
da, Cal., but will not go until March.
To Prinon for Life.
OMAHA, Nkbr., Dec. 24.— Charles H.
Elliott was to-day convicted of the mur
der of Gny Hutsonpiler, his companion
rough rider of the Wild West Show. He
wa^ sentenced to prison for life.
Sana on the Street for Charity.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 24.— Miss Anna
Held, the French actress, sang on the
public streets of this city to-day for the
benefit of a charitable institution. Over
$800 was thrown into her carriage.
A Ferry- Boat Capttiated.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Dec. 24.—
A ferry-boat, while crossing the river
Dnieper, in the province of Ekaterinoslav,
was capsized to-day. Many passengers
were drowned. "
He'll Be Rich.
"It was a difficult matter to make up
my mind which to accept," said the girl
with the practical mind.
"I understand that both are very
bright."
"Yes. They're inventors."
"There is something noble in that pro
fession, i cannot think without the pro
ioundest admiration of these men who
ham ss the giant forces of nature to do
the bidding of the human will."
•'Yes. That sentiment applies to Wil
liam. He's at work on a flying machine
and a new kind of electric engine. Bui
one cannot buy moquette cajpets and
dining-room chairs with fine theories, you
know."
"Aren't you going to marry William?"
"No. I accep ed John. He's going co
ba a rich man. He bai an invention under
way for fastening on suspender buttons so
tuey can't come off." — Washington Star.
STANFORD'S HEAD
RETURNS HOME
President Jordan Tells of
His Bering Sea In
vestigations.
His Report in the Hands of the
Government, but Not Yet
Made Public.
Will Shortly Lecture on the Sea's,
Their II .hits and Manner
• of Life.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec.
24. — President Jordan returned to the
University to-day, having left Washing
ton, D. C, Friday evening, where he was
engaged in making the report of the com
mission, of which he was the head, sent
by the United States and British Govern
ments to investigate the condition of the
seals in the Bering Sea. Dr. Jordan made
his report to the Treasury aud State De
partments, which has been printed, but
has not yet been made public, until which
time Dr. Jordan said he was not at liberty
to state the nature of his report and bis
recommendations.
Dr. Jordan was interviewed soon after
his arrival and said: "Negotiations and
correspondence will now begin between
the English and our Government as to the
measures to be taken to the seals.
The report of the commission was purely
of a seientitic nature, investigating the
life and habits of the seal. My trip to
Washington was in connection with this
report.
"There is no doubt in my mind if the
policy of the present administration is
continued by the following one, that the
difficulty will result in an honorable and
amicable settlement, according complete
and satisfactory protection to the seals.
The only danger lies in a change of policy
by the ensuing administration. It willjnoi
be necessary to send another commission
to Alaska, although one member oi the
present commission will revisit Alaska in
order to ascertain the changes in the con
dition of tue seals since the former results
were ascertained. Aly presence will be
necessary in Washington in February to
ssttle some minor details in relation to the
in vest iga ion. For the present 1 have had
enough of public life and shall be glad to
remain quietly at the university."
Dr. Jordan has prepared two lectures on
the seals, their habits and manners of life,
which will soon be delivered at the uni
versity, accompanied with views which
Dr. Jordan obtained in Alaska.
Dr. Jordan will spend Christmas day at
the university. Next week he will deliver
a paper before the California Teachers' A
ssociation at San Jose.
Christmas at the University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec
24 — The students who will spend Christ
mas day at the university are quietly
making their preparations. Boxes full of
Cnristmas cheer have been arriving all
day, and both Roble and Encina will be
the scenes of numerous "feeds." Christ
mas dinner will be served at Roble Hall.
The students who live at the camp have
arranged for a grand spread, with the tra
ditional turkey and cranberry sauce as the
main features.
The Daily Pnlo Alto* fieiv Staff.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Dec.
24.— The editorial board of the Daily Palo
Alto, the college daily, met last evening
and reorganized for the coming semester.
James R. Nourse '97, editor-in-chief, ap
pointed his staff as follows: Charles E.
Schwartz '99, managing editor; associate
editors, Chris M. Bradley '99, 0. C. Leiter
'99, Ralph E. Filciier 93, C. P. Cuttea '98,
Miss Rose Johnson '00. Tbt board dis
cussed plans for the next semester. The
first issue will be on January 5.
AN ELECTRICAL WONDER.
Incidents of a Trolley Ride Through
the Large Sewers of Paris.
The main sewers of Paris are periodi
cally cleared by means of scrapers carried
on boats or cars. These conveyances are
also used for conveying visitors through
the large sewers under the Rue de Rivoii
and the Boulevards Sebastopol Dcs Males
herbes. These exhibitions take place four
times a year, in spring and autumn, and
about 8400 visitors are admitted yearly.
Until 1894 these cars and boats were drawn
by men, but the labor and expense were
found to be so excessive that now the
traction is done entirely by electric mo
tors, taking current from accumulator
batteries on the boats or cars. These
main sewers are in section very similar to
an ordinary tunnel; but in the floor is
formed the rectangular channel for the
sewage, while round the roof are fixed the
water and compressed air main, the tele
graph and telephone wires, etc.
The sewer under the Boulevarde dcs
Malesherbes is the largest. It It 18 teet \y,
inches wide, 10 feet high from floor to roof
and the sewage channel in the floor is 3
feel b\i inches deeD and 9 feet 10 inches
wide. Boats are used in this channel.
The other sewers are smaller, the channels
in them being only 3 feet 11 inches wide
and from 3 feet 11 inches to 5 ieet 7 inches
deep. In these cars are run, the flanged
wheels of the cars running on the edges of
the channel, which are protected by ancle
bars, and from the rails. The approxi
mate weight of a train of five cars with
100 passengers on board is about 15,200
pounds, and this travels at the rate oi '6%
miles per hour.
The accumulator battery consists of 28
elements, and weighs 14 hundredweight,
with a mean discharge of 25 amperes at
50 or 60 volts. TVe motor, which is series
wound, develops 2 horsepower and runs
at 1600 revolutions i er minute, this speed
being reduced to 80 by means of a pinion
and wheel and chain gearing to the driv
ing axle, the wheels being 15% inches in
diamet ron the tread. Tue boats are
towed by means of a chain sunk in the
■ewnge channel, which is brougut to the
surface and passes round a puily driven
by means ol a double reduction gear from
the motor. The chain, by meant of guide
pulleys, makes three-quarters of a turn
round the driving puily, this pully being
a magnetic one, magnetized by means of
two coils, one on each aide of it, on the
axle.
Each passenger train consists of six
boats, in the first of which are carried the
accumulator battery and a tawing appa
ratus, while in the last boat, which is a
smaller one, there is another towing ap
paratus. The battery consists of 60 ele
ments, giving an output of 60 amperes for
2}-. hours, at from 93 to 125 volts; it is
divided into two parts, which can be con
nected in series or parallel as required.
The motors run at 580 revolutions per
in nute; but this speed is reduced by
means of the poarin?, so that the boats
travel at about 1% miles per hour. The
power required tot this is from about 2
horsepower to 5% horsepower, according
«s the boats are traveling with or against
the current The total length of the
sewers bpen in this way to Hie public is
about two miles, and they are lighted
partly by lamp* on the footpaths or by
oil lamps On the boats.— Genio Civil.
CHICKEN AND CANARY BIRD.
rirm Friendship That Was Begun in a
Very singular Way.
One day last spring, in purchasing a lot
of fowls from her marketman, a lady in
this city got one little bit of a chicken
that was almost too ?mall to eat and
which made its escape through the wires
of the coop and bfgan to chirp and cry
about the yard. The lady made no effort
to recapture the little thing, thinking it
would be better off running free about
the place. But it soon became evident
that the chick had been too soon taken
from jiarental care and was totally
unable to provide for itself. Two whole
days passed, during which it neither
ate nor drank, though the lady
tried every means in her power to
provide for its welfare. The chicken sim
ply peeped and drooped till the lady gave
up all efforts and left the tittle thing to
die, which no iloubi it would have done
right speedily had it not been rescued in
the following singular manner:
It chanced that the lady had a pet
canary, of which she wa ; very iond, and
to whica she devotes much care and at
tention. For instance, it is her invariable
custom in mild weather to turn the bird
out of his cage for a certain portion of each
day, letting him have his bath in a sunny
spot on the back porch. So that morning
when the little chicken was so nearly giv
ing up his life for lack of food and com
fort, it happened that the canary was
turned out of his cage for his hour of free
dom in the sunshine. The lady was watch
ing to see that no cats came around, and
presently she saw the canary trip down
the steps to the lawn where Hie little
chicken was crying. For a moment the
two little feathered things stood and
looked at each other inqu.ringly. Then
the bird chirped and made a dab wiih its
beak. The chicken chiped and made a
dab, too, and pretty soon the two were
chirping and dabbing away mightily.
What the chirps and dab 3 meant, of
course wo do not know, but presently the
bird came hopping up the steps, the
chicken following behind. Making his
wiiy to the cage, which sat open on the
floor, the bird went in, with the chicken
following after, and presently the two
little friends were eating and drinking
together.
That was the beginning of the singular
friendship, which continues still unaoated.
The chicken stayed in the bird's cage
with him till it was too large to get in the
door, and then a roost was placed for it
close to the cage-hook, so that they might
be near each other at night. It is no un
common sight to see the canary throwing
seeds down from his cage to the chicken,
and if the chicken finds a worm he brings
it into the house and chirps under the
cane till the lady lets the bird out, when
the friends enjoy the feast together. —
Philadelphia Times.
ITS DESCENDANT DEGENERATES.
The Umbrella la >"o Longer a Portly,
Respectable Instrument.
The real old family umbrella has gone
out. Call that slim, stuck-up, affected,
attenuated thing a family umbrella? Go
away, says a writer in London Truth.
I remember the genuine family um
brella; it was kept in readiness behind
every front door; it was a large, portly,
heavy instrument. As an emblem of re
spectability it was highly esteemed in
-middle-class society; it was serviceable as
a tent in rainy weather; it could be used
as a weapon of offense and defense on oc
casion.
I have seen a picture of an elderly gen
tleman keeping off a footpad by means of
this lethal umbrella. He made as if be
would spear or prod the villain. Way,
one prod would alone make a hole of six
inches diameter in that murderous carcass.
The nurse used to carry it, with diffi
culty managing the baby and tue um
brella; it went out to tea with the young
ladies; the maid who "fetched" them
home took the umbrella with her. It suc
ceeded the lantern and the club formerly
carried by the 'prentice when he escorted
his mistress to the card party after dark.
I remember It, I say. Tuere were three
brothers who came to the same school
where I was but a tiny little boy. They
lived at some distance and had to pass on
their way to school through a stratum of
inferior respectability. Every morning
brought to these three brothers the de
light and the excitement of battle with
the boys belonging to that inferior re
spectability.
To the eldest brother, who carried the
really important weapon, the umbrella
was exactly what his oattle-ax was to the
Lion Heart. So he raised it; so he wielded
it; so ho swung it; po he laid his enemies
Jow to right and to left of him, before him
and behind him; while the other two, re
lying on the books tightly strapped,
brought them to bear, with shrewd knocks
and thwacks and poundings, on heads and
shoulders and ribs.
'Twas a famous family umbrella — green,
too, if I remember aright.
It is said that no less than 7769 school
gardens exist in Austria, not including
the sister kindom of Hungary. They are
connected with both private and public
schools, are used for purposes of practical
instruction in horticulture and tree-grow
ing, and often contain botanical museums
and beehives.
A wild boar, roasted whole, was the
chief dish at a State dinner recently given
by the Prince of Montenegro. It was
brought in smoking hot. Inside the boar
was a turkey, and inside the turkey was a
pnipe which hsd been shot by the host.
: / SEW TO'OAT.
- ■ 'AL " " ; ■ ■ ■•■ "
~"
~~FAIR SAILING
through life for. the person who keeps in
health. .With a torpid liver and the impure
blood that follows it, you ,are an easy prey
to all sorts of- ailments. That "used-up
: feeling is the first warning that your liver
isn't doing its work. i- y " '• ;". ;
;;/, That is the time to take Dr. Pierces Gold-
.en Medical ;' Discovery. As an appetizing, j
restorative tonic, to repel disease and build
up the ; needed flesh and strength, there's I
nothing to equal it. It rouses every organ
into healthful action; purifies and enriches
the blood, braces up the whole system, and
restores health and vigor. : . ; ■- ;, :
DYSPEPSIA, CHRONIC DIARRHEA.
■ Miss Sarah Gibson, of Saco, Bradford
■'" atag^s» • Co.,Penn, t writes :"I
_za«£|SSsiwj>B cannot speak too
JsffggaSaffa|»-| highly of your Family
iffliSS_?P»**msi Medicines. For years
mj&&m v ~ v^g' I suffered with stora-
EfflS& 9 ach trouble; it be-
• BP^-'^jSSk VS§-s*|» came so very bad I
.V 8 v Z": \^ • T slightest food without
? \^S : :' £*t&i»lj/ .terrible distress.'^' >'■; s
>M _ ; -^ra •■' : ". I began taking your j
- : \ /.'■ '■■ m edicines,' as you ad- 1
_<s >^ - : . I/A, v i se and now can •
gO*-^jfit eat almost anything I
s^B&i^mMZT? want. I have ■ taken.
'I- ■'7s%^^%^'&'. '** ■' .' about one * dozen ■ bot- i
Miss Gibson. * ties . of : Dr. t Pierces*:
; wiss a,ibson. , Golden Medical Dis-
covery. , I also suffered for three years with
chronic diarrhea ; could s get no : help till I =
began the use of Dr. Pierces Compound
Extract of i Smart-Weed; \ one-half k dozen
; bottles \ cured i me. W I ■ hay also taken Dr
Pierces : Favorite ?. Prescription \ for J female '
weakness with good results." ■
Pi*. CURE IT
sore T&roat CURE IT 1
Sore IMb, CURE IT
Enlarge- Lnmjs. '(|l|j?F.|T
railing Hair. CURE IT
Stia ErnpttoßS. ■:•■ Qlipp IT
Glandular Lumps. filjßP IT
Partial Loss _ (JURE IT
Of Eyebrow. CURE IT
I Means Blood Disease I
30-Day Cure Is Safe.
C 30-Day Circulars Free.
HUDYAN •Is [k Certal "
HUDYAN cm
HUDYAN Failing MantiooJ,
HUDYAN Ne ™ Mlity>
HUOYAN BID6Si Losses
HUDYAN Mmm aM
HUDYAN Mm o[MeD>
I CIRCULARS FR E. -
(•> (?)
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Ik A.Bertellng Ires. ■. H. Sordman, Vtoe-Prea.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. , . . Jos. -.ordinaii, Tre»>. ...
BERTELINQ
OPTICAL CO.
427 Kearny St., Sear California;
The firm of L. A. BERTELTNG, Incorporated
nnder the above style, have, preparatory to their
removal, started a
GRAND REMOVAL SALE.
Not wishing to take an/ of their Holiday Goods
Into their new quarters, which will be ready for
occupancy on or about February 1, 1897, they
have reduced ■ . ./■"-_
Opera and Field Glasses, ,
■ Lorgnettes, Etc., to Actual
Jobber's Cost. ! ; .* ;
437 Keamy St., Near California. •
OPEN EVENINGS.
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
J^rnrr^it, . r~r-n&% * Is the PlaC6 tO Buy
Jp^ll DESKS, CHAIRS
]|l|§|Bjlf OFFICE FIRMTIRE
t__H^Pl3_!__S» ! 638-640 Mission 3k. '
DR.MCNULTY.
T'ITIS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLf ABLE OLD
a opeciailst cure* Prlvate,Nervous,Bloodund Skin
Diseases 01 Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
■a) years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient*
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to*
dally ; 8:30 to B.3o ev'jrs. Sundays, 10 to VI. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
_». ROSCOE McNUKiTX, 31. D.,
26'^ Kearny Stre»r,Xan Fratnrliifo. Cnl.
EI-ilI-OTriXO BETjTS
:.' »«.<_k_«-%tltt '*. ■ • - Are good things If prop.
'•?^rr^*f\mji '' y "JL- ' i i erl made: bat there It
i*i^'^fL'v\iiv s no Beuse la paying a hl?_
ft»^2sr- t T2te^^vtsrak price for- a poor arUcl»
k£^^<-s>'iy?i\f<rsi&ga Biuiplv: because soma &i-
-■rJ^fc^j£fe_--6/W vertislng "quack" ae-
jwyjiFFCTHTHITE^ mandj it. _-uy no Bels
j?i* S^^trv" ' **" Boolt Fre «- Call of
v •vJESrt*' . 7 address DC. FIB .OI
•£3T/> •■• & S»>.N, 704 Sacraments
s ' %v ■ * " ' et., -cor. Kearuy, a. if.
Branch Office 840 Market st, aF. ; ./■■•■
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
IS .A- PuWBBFUIi APH>ODI*TAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of Loth I sexes, and a great > remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and -bladder. A great ResioratlYa,
I nvlgorator and Nervine, sells on Its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonials n.ce sary. '
NABER, ALFB & KRUNK, Agents,
383 Market St.. 8. -'bend tor CircmUrl
-•'■'■.'.-■ rpn^nrj>%; -'.
l«aJL__M - >* BRASS BED^
' <■:■ < '-'■ FOLDING BEITS 1
• ":'," Wire and Hair _C»>
- , . . ' tresses, Heel ial a:
.-. s - ■ • tnalrs. Wheel O_*lri.
: T ■'■' " .' '•-■ .*.'■■-"•" , Cuiumodes, Back Us*;i . '
j-nl C- ff!|T|||f v « a. schkocb;
ml. 21 —
— - . iliati . New lUoiugoiuerr
Xg ■"--■':' **•» -•-■ -St.v under Or»a4
V- ■■■-■»-■ :- : --.. .■■--.■.**,'.■ hotel, S. If. ■ •■■■ '_■■
•m ■ ■« 111 A laxative refreshing 'of
8 ft ft M fruit lozenge,
I mil ma very atrreeable to take.
. CONSTIPATION
__________ ' " hemorrhoids, bile,
I 11 il I L nl loss of appetite, gastric and
3itflJ B 5T |« intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ •* ■ ■■ •■ headache arising
-**■'..>. ~ T ivC'.'. :■•-'"• ■-'■.•;"::■ ■ '■ ■ from them. ■
ARII I AM E. URILLON,
1 - 11.I 1 . « ■ 33 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
IX 11 1 la II Sold by all Druggist*SAN PEDRO IS A
SUITABLE SITE
Testimony Which Shows
Santa Monica's Chances
Are Waning.
Huntmgton's Men Routed by the
Convincing Testimony of
Seamen.
Skippers Who Tell Where the Deep-
Sea Harbor Should Be
Located.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., Deo. 24.— The
whole Huntington harbor theoretical sup
erstructure, poorly planned and misera
bly executed by engineers Hood and Cor
theli of the "great corporation," is slowly
but surely falling to pieces before the
steady fire of the old salts who have testi
fied here to-day in favor of San Pedro,
■ that favorite southern port of harbor and
refuge. The ground work of the Port Los
Angeles arguments was largely under
mined yesterday by shipmasters either
"retained" by tbe Southern Pacific Com
pany or in its service, who had been
brought here by Hun ting ton's marine
managers. These old sea captains have a
way peculiarly their own. They told the
truth, the unpalatable truth to Hood and
Cortbell about the prevailing winds and
the dangerous ones at. both San Pedro
and Santa Monica, and in doing so they
contradicted every "land lubber" who
had told his tale of woe about the "awful
soatheasters" at San Pedro. The Hunt
ington crowd apparently built their hopes
on being able to show that the southeast
winds were not only frequent but very
severe at the port of San Pedro. If this
theory were established, then of course a
very large black eye would be giyen to the
refuge feature of the San Pedro's preten
sions of safety.
The "land marines" have utterly failed
in this attempt, and in consequence they
are at a great disadvantage in this con
test, for tbe trite but caustic saw says that
"A liar is not to be believed even when
he tells the truth." The very air seemed
tainted with salt at the opening of the
session by the Harbor Commissioners this
forenoon, so numerous were tbe skippers
in the room. Years before the mast seems
to have clothed these old salts with a
sturdiness of manhood and an honesty of
purpose not observable in Huntingdon's
army "retained" in this fight. They bad
few opinions to express. What they
testified to was the result of .their own ex
perience. San Pedro's friends had every
thing their own way to-day, and put up
an impregnable fortress in front of their
favorite port. Unlike the other side their
statements and conclusions tallied nicely
in every part.
After a brief additional statement by
Engineer Hargood of a technical nature
John H. Hooper of San Francisco was in
troduced. He read a prepared communi
cation sent down by a large number of big
iellow-merchants in favor ot San Pedro,
for commercial and other purposes. The
statement represented, Hooper said, 75
per cent of all the sailing vessel owner- in
California. Twenty-two feet of water, the
speaker said, will easily accommodate the
best part of the shipping nowadays, and
18){ feet draught carries 1,000,000 feet of
lumber. His and the firms in tbe petition
filed hare for years been landing at San
Pedro in preference to Santa Monica.
Banta Monica, he said, can never be made
a commercial harbor. Its location is bad
and its facilities worse. He could not
transact his business at all if he had to do
it at Santa Monica. Ten million feet of
lumber could not construct for him a
proper sort of wharf. If be had to have
yards inland it would increase tbe cost of
lumber abont $1 50 per thousand feet, or
from |60,000 to $90,000 a year, for his firm
alone. Facilities as they exist for yards
and mills at San Pedro cannot be con
structed in Santa Monica.
The Santa Monicaites, when they could
not get from the unpleasant truth that
the dangerous winds are from the "sou
sou'-west," then argued that Sanca Cata
lina Island afforded no protection to San
Pedro at all. This was completely de
molished by a rare old skipper- by the
name of Polbemus, now employed at San
Diego. He bad been a pilot at Wilming
ton and sailor and skipper off San Pedro
and aiso Santa Monica for thirty-six years.
Pointing to a map of both harbors fur
nished by the Southern Pacific Captain
Polhemus made the startling statement
that it was misleading in that San Pedro
is really at present protected from tbe
winds from the east and southeast. The
captain declined positively to have any
thing to do with the piivate map. He
told all nbout southeastera at San Pedro,
their birth and death, their ramifications
and general playfulness. The captain's
reference* to things marine were character
istic is the extreme and provoked great
laughter, and that misleading map kept
staring tbe captain in the face, much to
his discomfortura. He told a funny story
of a German captain who ran ashore be
cause "he was insured," and said that if
there was a breakwater at both Santa
Monica and San Pedro and he was in
charge of a ship close by he would soon
try to hunt the open ocean.
The captain in 1860 went to San Pedro
,<n cnarge of the tugs and lighters there.
Daring tbe first four years he found only
two feet of water at low tide in the inner
harbor. The sands would choke np the
channel off Deadmans Island and shift it
nearly every one and a half years. The
drift of the sand was with the contour of
.tne coast line and to the eastward. The
. captain commented on the fact that when
tbe padre mariners years ago settled in
this vicinity they preferred San Pedro to
banta Monica as a landing.
President Colin Stewart of the Pasadena
Board of Trade presented a aeries of reso
lutions adopted by the board In favor of
San Pedro.
Captain D. W. Weldt, a San Pedro port
pilot, with fifteen years' experience there,
was the next witness. His testimony was
that some eighteen years ago he bad be
gun investigating currents at San Pedro,
and he was convinced that in nine hours
ont of ten the flow was toward the north
and east. The reef off Point Firmin is a
protection to the anchorage. He would,
if there were a breakwater at both Santa
Monica and San Pedro, in a storm, choose
San Pedro in ca-e of a gale, there being
less swell at the latter place. The holding
ground is good at San Pedro, whil« some
of it at Santa Monica is, on the other
band, bad. The ship Kensington bad
been scuttled some year* ago at San Pc
dro. The captain knew of two cases when
vessels had to leave Santa Monica and go
to San Pedro for shelter. The towing was
in favor of San Pedro, where going in and
out of the outer harbor vessels usually use
only sail. Between 1886 and 1889 there
had been times when twenty-ei^ht ships
had been anchored at one time at San
Pedro.
E. T. Gibbon, vice-president of the
Terminal Railway, explained that the
dykilemade by his compauy was done
with the consent of the Government offi
cers at San Francisco, and was but a tem
porary matter.
Rudolph Axman, in charge of the dredg
ing at San Pedro at various times, told of
the formation of the bottom of the harbor.
The bottom of tbe inside harbor is cement
crust for a few inches, and below it is soft.
Near Deadman's Island for a distance is
a reef. The channel, after once excavated,
the witness has found, deepens, much to
tbe disadvantage of his business. He
could easily dredge a thirty-foot channel
at San Pedro with the hydraulic dredge
which he operates.
Captain A. J.Johnson, late of the bark
Enoch Talbot, whose seafaring experience
covers a period of twelve years, stated
that he bad been as ma«ter twice, to San
Pedro and twice to Santa Monica. Santa
Monica is not in the witness' opinion a
good place for a ship to be tied, far worse
than Redondo bacause of the heavy under
tow and for other reasons. He was in
command of the Talbot for twenty-eight
months. It took him twenty-two days to
unload a cargo of lumber at one time. No
ship could use its bow ports at Port Los
Angeles. In the inside harbor at San
Pedro discharge could be made easily.
When he was on his way north last year
on the Talbot, with oil, on tbe way
from San Pedro he had to seek shelter.
He had to put into Santa Monica and would
never do so again. The waves were sim
ply mountain high.
The conclusion of Captain Johnson's
testimony ended the day's proceeding:.
San Pedro had scored very heavily. The
board will resume its sittings on Saturday
morning at 10 o'clock.
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
James Brown Sues Charles and Mary
Bradley for $5000 Damages for Al
leged Malicious Prosecution.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— James Brown
to-day began suit in the Superior Court
against Chnrles and Mary Bradley for
$5000 damages for alleged malicious prose
cution. The parties all reside in Santa
Clara, and the suit is the sequence of the
arrest of Brown about a month ago on a
charga of battery preferred by Mrs. Brad
ley. Brown was acquitted of the charge,
but was in jail two hours. He says his
arrest has brought great disgrace upon
him and that his friends are now deserting
him, and he believes he was damaged in
tbe sum named.
TO FEAST THE POOR.
Splendid Work of the Volunteers of
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— The Volun
teers of America have made extensive
preparations for supplying the poor with
good cheer on Chrissmas day. They have
collected a large quantity of food and
clothing, which will to-morrow be dis
tributed among the deserving unfortunate,
to whom the day would otherwise be a
cheerless one. Dinner will be served at
noon, and it is expected that it will be
partaken of by nearly 1000 persons. If
after all have been provided for anything
remains it will be distributed to needy
families. Competent committees are in
charge of the various branches of the
charity, and a very successful and happy
outcome is anticipated.
Election Contest Case Adjourned.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec 24.— But little tes
timony was taken in the Kelsey-McLaurin
election contest this morning, and an ad
journment was taken until Monday morn
ing. D. M. Stanley was the only witness
examined. Kelsey's attorneys claim to
have gained eleven votes for the contest
ant so far, or within three of enough votes
to make the contest a tie.
funeral of Charles lirurh.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— The funeral
of Charles Bruch, a pioneer resident if
this city, took place this afternoon. He
was a native of Germany, acred 77 years.
He came to America in 1853. at once
coming to California. After a short atay
in San Francisco he established a black
smith shop in this city. A widow and
four children survive him.
-F. T. Holland Dim of His Injuries.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 24.— F. T. Hol
land, the painter who received serious in
juries by the breaking of a scaffold yester
day, died at an early hour this morning.
He was hurled a distance of twenty feet
and suslained a fracture of the skull.
Holland was 54 years of age and a native
of Maine. He leaves a widow and four
c hildren.
HRAVEHI REWANDED.
Gold Watch and Chain for a Santa Bar
btira Officer.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Dec 24.—
Officer W. W. Hopkins was to-day the re
cipient of a valuable Christmas present —
a gold watch ard chain — for his services at
the time of the Richardson murder last
July. The gift comes from A. O. Norton,
son-in-law of Mr. Richardson, and E.
Long, brother of Mrs. Richardson, and
was sent to Sheriff Hicks from Mr. Nor
ton's home near 80-ton, with the request
that the Sheriff personally present it to
tbe officer. Tbe watch and chain are both
of solid gold. The former bears an inscrip
tion hit: hly complimentary to Mr. Hop
kins, as follows:
Presented to Officer W. W. Hopkins by A. O.
Norton and E. Long in recognition of his cour
age while in the dischnrge of his duty at Snnta
Barbara, Cal., July 6, 1896. Presented Decem
ber 25, 1896.
Mr. Hopkins took a lively interest in
that terrible tragedy, and in hunting down
the supposed murderer came nearJy losing
his own life. Cyrus Bernard, the suspect
whom he had under arrest, shot at him
twice. Hopkins, in discharge of his duty
and in defense of bis own life, returned
the compliment, killing him instantly.
— i — «
EVREKAK'S Mill A' CLOUS ESCAPE.
Whirled Around m Revolting Shaft and
Comet Out Uninjured.
ECREKA, Cal, Dec. 24.— Robert Cope
land, an engineer at McKay & Co.'s Occi
dental Mill, had a most wonderful escape
from death this morning. While working
about the shatting his clothing was
caught and he was whirled about on a
horizontal shaft, which revolved only
fifteen inches below and parallel with a
be avy timber to which it was hung. In
some unaccountable manner Copeland's
body was drawn to tho shaft in such a
way that it lay lengthwise on the shaft,
enabling it to pass between the shaft and
timber without touching, and after a
couple of revolutions the cloth gave way
and tbe body dropped to tbe floor. When
picked up Copelanrt was found to have
been divested of every stitch of clothing
save his -hoes and stockings, and even the
legs of the stockings were torn off evenly
with the tops of the shoes. Except for a
number of severe contusions and abra
sions and general soreness, Copeland is
uninjured.
Extba edition of Christmas Town Talk
on sale at all newsstands to-day. The
reguiar weekly edition will be issued to
morrow morning.
THE SAN FRACTTISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
SALOON TRAGEDY
NEAR RAWHIDE
A Young Woodchopper Re
ceives a Fatal
Wound.
Was Drunk and Boisterous
Reiused to Leave the
Resort.
Exposed to the Chilly N ght Air for
Hours Without Medical
Attention.
SONORA, Cal., Dec. 24. — Girard's
house, near Rawhide, was on Wednesday
night the scene of a tragedy. Herman
Ericksen, in company with bis uncle, went
to Girard's house early in the evening,
drank copiously and became boisterous
and obnoxious to the owner of the house
and others. Ericksen and bis uncle were
requested to leave, but failed to do so, pre
ferring the warmth and comforts of the
cabin to the outside world. At lastGirard
decided upon employing sterner methods
toward ousting bis undesired guests, and
so called upon hie friend John Voisson to
aid him in doing so. Voisson agreed to
take a hand and went to his cabin, some
little distance from the house, took down
a double-barreled shotgun and thus armed
returned to Girard's house.
There ne found the two disturbers out
side on the porch and told them to quit
tbe premises, which invitation Ericksen
profanely and obstinately refused to com
ply with, calling him a vile name and
threatening to shoot bim for his pains.
This, of course, was not to be endured.
Girard's house had to be cleared at any
cost, and the double-barreled shotgun
was called into play and a shot fired into
the air in tbe hope of scaring the breakers
of Girard's peacf. No sooner had tbe shot
been fired than Ericksen started for Vois
son, who, thinking matters had reached a
climax, shot again, and this time brought
down his man.
After the shooting Ericksen was left out
in tbe open air where he fell and was not
allowed by Girard to be taken into the
house, though his uncle begged that he be
extended this favor, and so the young fel
low, scarcely 20 years of age, was left all
night without medical or any care what
ever, save what bis uncle could do, in bis
unfortunate plight.
Next morning Deputy Bheriff Donohue
of Jamestown was informed of the shoot
ing and at once set out for the scene, ac
companied by Dr. Congdon. On arriving
there it was found that Ericksen was
fatally wounded, the shot having taken
effect in his abdomen, on the right-hand
side, penetrating it and inflicting injuries
that must surely prove latal. His right
arm vras also badly hurt by the sho'.
Sheriff Donohue as soon as possible con
veyed tbe wounded man and his assailant
to Jamestown, where the former was taken
to Hotel and the latter to the
branch jail, whence he was later taken to
tue county jail in ibis ciiy. District At
torney Otis of this city was at once noti
fied, and was requested to go to James
town a:id take the dying man's deposi
tion, which he did, but which he stead
fastly refuses to divulge until called upon
in court to do so in his official capacity.
Thi Call correspondent, however,
called upon Voisson in the County Jail
and from him obtained a statement, in
which he claims to have acted in self
defense. He said he did not wish to kill
the man, but simply disable him, but his
aim was too good.
When the reporter told him that his
victim would die he said: "I can't help
it now; I saw him this morning and he
did not look so bad ; I would not have shot
at all, but he ran after me. I did not
know whether he had a pistol or gun ; he
acted like a crazy man and the other man
was with him a few yards away."
Voisson gave his age as 45. He is a
Frenchman and of short but rather stout
build and wears a stubby reddisn beard.
He has the appearance of a bard-working
man, and certainly does not look like a
criminal. His statement, however, about
fearing that Ericksen was going to shoot
him seems scarcely warranted by the facts
in tbe case, for the dying man bad no
weapon whatever on him and could not
have given Voisson, who was armed with
a shotgun, provocation for the asault.
Ericksen and his uncle are Finns and
were employed around the Rawhide as
woodchoppers, and were regarded as
harmless and inoffensive men. The pre
liminary examination will not take place
till Erickaen either shows signs of im
provement or dies, the latter outcome be
ing far the most probable.
THE "KANSAS KID'S" REVENGE.
Accused His Squealing Pal of Having Had
a Hand in the Hot Spring*
Train Robbery.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 24.— Gay Harsh
man, alias "the Kansas Kid," who was
convicted recently of passing $10,000 worth
of counterfeit money, has made a state
ment, it was learned to-night, that his pal,
George Conkling, who is now serving time
for counterfeiting and who squealed on
him, confessed to him that he was one of
the three men who held up the Northern
Pacific train at Hot Springs in 1894, when
the passengers in the sleeping-coach were
relieved of $3000. It is believed that
Harshman also bad a hand in the hold
up. Conkiing is not a bad man, but
Harshmnn is an old criminal and a des
perate man.
Harshman, at the time of his arrest
and while confined in the Pierce County
Jail, told a detective who was at work oh
the Northern Pacific robbery that Conk
ling bad told him that he was one of the
roen that held up the train, f Conkling,
according to Harshman, said be and two
other men boarded the train at Ciealum.
It was the intention to rob ttie train
while going through tbe tunnel. Some
thing happened ;o prevent that. When
Hot Bprings was reached the men, who
had been in the smoking-car, got off and
boarded the sleeping-car, first pulling
handkerchiefs over their faces, After re
lieving the passengers of about $3000 they
came on to this city and disposed of most
of the stuff.
"As soon as my trial for counterfeiting
is over," the Kansas Kid said to the de
tective, "I will tell you where the re
mainder of the stuff is planted." It is
this part of Harshman's statement that
maters those who have heard it believe
that he had a hand in the hold-up. In
fact, the Government officers who prose
cuted Harshman, and who have heard of
his statement, say they do not believe
Conkiing was mixed up in the affair, but
it is their belief it was 'Harshman who
figured in the work.
Sifprcttd. Swindler Arrested.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 24.— Late this
afternoon Deputy Sheriff Black arrested a
man named Ostrander, who is wanted at
Coulterviile for obtaining money under
false pretences. Ostrander came to Stock
ton this morning and Black, who bad a
(Inscription of tbe man, was apprised of
the fact. He followed him all day, but
the man who was wanted in Coulterville
proved very elusive and Black oniy came
upon him late this afternoon.
SUICIDE OF A STOCKTON SWAIN.
Jesse Brown, Despairing of Wedding the
Girl of His Choice, Blows His
Brains Out
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 24.— Jesse
Brown, who lived at 143 South Commerce
in this city, blew his brains out this even
ing with a shotgun. The young man was
in love with the daughter of a neighbor,'
but her parents did not favor his suit and
he became despondent at the thought of
not being able to marry the girl of his
choice. For some time nast Brown has
shown signs of melancholia, but no one
dreamed that he bad any thought of tak
ing his life. He was the son of an engi
neer connected with one of the river
steamboat companies, and the girl of
whom he was enamored was the daughter
of another steamboat engineer. Her
parent? did not look favorably upon young
Brown's devotion to her, and ho was
made to understand that he could ntver
marry the girl he loved. This seemed to
prey upon the young man's mind, and to
day he decided to put an end to bis ex
istence.
Brown went deliberately to work to kill
himself. He went to his room and took
with him a double-barreled shotgun.
Placing the muzzle against his head he
discharged both banels, blowing almost
tbe entire top of his head off. His family
heard tbe shot and rushed to the room,
but death was instantaneous, the whole
top of the young man's head having been
blown away. Police Officer Kuhn was one
of the first outside of the family to reach
the scene, and at once notified the Coro
ner, who took the body to the Morgue,
where it now lies. Brown was quite well
known here and had many friends.
GASHED HIS ARM.
Henry Aim ley, a Book Agent, Tries to
End Bis Life.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 24— Shortly be
fore 5 o'clock i his afternoon a book agent
named Henry Ainsley was discovered
bleeding to death in Peter Marengo's sa
loon on Sonth Commerce street. Ainsley
had been sitting in the saloon with a friend
when the latter called for some drinks.
While the barkeeper was filling the
order Ainsley slipped back to the rear of
the saloon, and, baring his right arm, cut
adeepgai>u in it with bis pocket-knife.
He came back to the chair he had been
occupying and sat there with the blood
dripping from the wound he had made.
When the barkeeper came to serve the
drinks be saw the pool oi blood on the
floor and called Officer Kuhn, wbo was
near by. The last named summoned Dr.
Hudson and had the wound sewed up.
Ainsiey had not been drinking and delib
eratejy attempted to end his life. He is
now in the Receiving Hospital and will
probably recover.
NO RAID BY YAQUIS.
Sr>n*at\o»al Moria* That Alarmed the
People of Bngales.
NOGALEB, A. T., Dec. 24.— Reports
relative to the presumed Yaqui raid on
Sonora are based upon statements that a
meeting of Yaquis and their sympathiz
ers was recently held sixty miles south
west of here, at Las Moiinas, Aha Dis
trict, Sonora, in which a raid on Nogales
was discussed, no definite conclusion be
ing arrived at. An assault on some point
w&s considered advisable. This alarm was
aggravated by a gathering of renegade
horsethieves and cutthroats in the neigh
borhood of Old Glory, lhirty miles west
from here, who were thought to be Yaquis.
Careful scouts by United Btates troops
failed to find any gathering ol Yaquis on
our side of the line. No raid on Nogales
is anticipated here.
VANCOUVER TERRORIZED.
Highwaymen in Possession of the City
Hay and Might. , : .., , ■■.. *;
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 24.—Vancou
ver is terrorized by a [ gang of highway
men who are operating here in broad day
light and defying the police. Some thirty
or forty men have been held up at the
point of the revolver, afternoon and even
ing, in the center of the city by different
members of . the gang. Girls and women
are also subject to ail sorts of indignities
while being robbed. At 3 ' o'clock yester
day afternoon, however, was the boldest
attempt yet. A man called at the home
of R. C. Ferguson. Mrs. Ferguson came
down, and at point of pistol was comp -li.-d
to deliver up her valuables. The police
and detectives axe ridiculed for their in
capacity. ; ■ I___-_-.1 ___-_-. -•
Burglars Working Around Modesto.
MODESTO, Cal., Dec. 24.— The store of
Yaple & Ripon, ten miles north of lie^e,
was burglarized last evening while the
proprietors were at supper. The till was
opened -md $300 belonging to the post
office, Wells, Fargo <fc Co. and the nrm
taken. ____________
HIGH REVELS IN THE NAVY.
An Epltode at Kio, in Which Americans
and British Engaged.
"Well," said the retired naval officer,
chuckling over his reminiscence', "the
greatest bringing together in a common
cause of the British and their American
cousins that I ever saw was back in 1885,
-in the harbor of Rio," quotes the New
York Press.
"The American flagship Lancaster had
beec ordered over there from the Euro
pean station, and when she got in by the
Sugar Loaf there was the little British
gunboat Ruby of the gem class. The Lan
caster had been obliged to stop on the
African coast for some diplomatic reason
before she sot to Rio, and her officers were
glad to be alive again.
••We blew off the whole wardroom mess
of tbe Ruby that night to the best dinner
our cook could put up, and then went
ashore with the Britishers to see the town.
We saw it.
"Abont 2 o'clock in the morning the of
ficers of the Ruby invited as to go aboard
their ship. Some idiot spoke of the time
Charlie Beresford painted out all the signs
in Portsmouth. We had no paint except
that with which we bad been painting the
town, so a council of war was held, and
we concluded that it would serve every
purpose if we took all the signs in the
Rue d'Ovidor and carried them aboard tbe
Ruby.
"This we did. A little police officer
tried to interfere, but we pitched him. into
Ihe gutter. The little wardroom of the
Ruby could scarcely hold our spoils. As
it was late when we got aboard some fel
lows elected to stay where they were all
night. As for me I never care to carry a
joke too far, and went back to the Lancas
ter, so as to be ready for duty in the morn
ing. My, what a noise tbose tin signs
made as we rattled them down in the
Ruby's wardroom. The c.ptain of the
Ruby? Ob, he was all right Onrcaptain
had been entertaining him."
Finishing a Sentence.
Tnat queer old Scotch lawyer, John
Clerk, was not popular with the bench,
and not infrequently a Judge would snub
ldm. It was, however, a dangerous pas
time. Once Clerk began a speech in court
by saying: "As I was coming over the
earth-mound this morning, I thocht within
mysel' " "Come, now, Mr. Clerk," in
terruDted a Judge, "give us nane of your
thochts on th« earth-mound." Clerk be
gan again : "As I was coming over the
earth mound this morning, I tbocht
within mysal' " "Well, sir, what have
your thochts on the earth-mound to do
with the case? Pray go on with the busi
ness before us." A third time Clerk be
gan: "As I was coming over the earth
mound this morning, I thocht within my
sel' that 1 should not finish a sentence
before your lordship would interrupt
me."
CHINESE FRAUDS
UP AT SESTTLE
Traffic in Certificates on
a Gigantic Scale Is
Discovered.
Enterprising Sharpers Purchase
Papers of Mongols Leaving
the Country.
After B- ing "Doctored" They Are Sold
to Coolies Wbo Are Com
ing Unlawfully.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 24.— Tne United
States Government officials have unearthed
another gigantic fraud in connection with
■he Chinese certificates. Hundreds of
Chinamen have gained entrance in an un
lawful manner into the United States, and
unless the Treasury Department at Wash
ington City takes immediate steps to pre
vent Chinamen on leaving the United
States from taking with them their cer
tificates the wholesale fraud will continue.
Three Chinamen are now in the King
County jail and will be prosecuted for
forgery. The others will be deported on
the next steamer leaving for China. They
are but a few members of an organized
gang who hare made thousands of dollars
by the unlawful work. How far the fraud
lias gone the Government officials do not
know, and it will be a long time before they
will know. The Chinamen who have
come into the United States because of
tbe fraud practiced are now scattered
about the country. Tney have what on
tie face appear to be genuine certificates,
and if arrested it will be almost impossi
ble to prove them guilty without coming
to this district of internal revenue.
Tbe fraud is the cleverest that has yet
been practiced and it was only by accident
that it was detected at all. Five China
men showed np in Port Townsend a few
days ago who were for some reason sus
pected of being unlawfully in the United
States. They had certificates in their pos
session, however, which bore the stamp of
the Collector of Internal Revenue lor this
district and were apparently all right in
other respects. A Deputy Internal Reve
nue Collector from Portland arrived later
with duplicates of the certificates in the
possession of the detained Chinamen.
Then the Government officials learned
some things they did not know before.
Later tbe entire fraud was unearthed.
For a year or more past hundreds of
Chinamen have been leavinc the United
States for China for good. The customs of
ficials on the Sound insisted for a while
that every Chinese laborer leaving should
deposit with the Collector of Customs his
certificate, to be returned to him on his
return. The Chinamen took offense at
this requirement and secured a ruling of
the Treasury Department to the effect
that certificates are personal property and
that Chinamen should be allowed to take
them out of the country.
Smart Chinamen and some white men
organized a company and made it a point
to buy the certificates of the Chinamen
who left the country for good. With the
aid of chemicals all of the writing on the
certificate, wi:h the exception of the sig
nature cf the Collector of Internal Reve
nue and the photograch of the Chinaman,
attached to the certificate, was removed,
and the impression made by the seal 01
the Collector, half of which was on the
photograph and the other half on the side
of the certificate, was smoothed down by
some process until it almost disappeared.
Then the name of the Chinaman to whom
the certificate was issued was rewritten on
the certificate, together with a description
of a Chinaman who had agreed to pay for
the forged certificate. The new China
man's photograph was also placed on the
certificate.
Those who were responsible for the
fraud had a counterfeit seal of the Col
lector which was placed on the certificate.
Then tbe new certificate was ready for
use. The Chinaman who used it was
compelled to take the name of the China
man to whom tne certificate was origin
ally issued. It was almost impossible to
tell that the certificate bad been tampered '
with. If an inspector found th* certificate
in the possession of a Chinaman and
thought it was crooked he would naturally
wire the Portland office and ask if such
and such a Chinaman had certificate No.
so and so. A comparison of the name
and number with tbe duplicate would fol
low and the answer would always be that
everything was all right. It is believed
that hundreds of these certificates were
sold to strange Chinamen in Canada and
China.
The Chinamen who were arrested at
Port Townsend came from British Colum
bia. They made a mistake in having re
mained in this part of the country. If
they had gone into some other district
they wonld probably oe free to-day. But
one of the officers at Port Townsend who
is acquainted with the writing in all of the
certificates issued out of the Portland
office noticed that the writing in the cer
titicates in the possession of the arrested
Chinamen was new to hire. Then came
the real expose of the fraud.
How many Chinamen are scattered
about the United States with those forged
certificates in their possession no one pre
tends to know. A Seattle Government
official said to the Call correspondent
to-night: "The Treasury Department
must take immediate steps to compel all
Chinamen leaving the country to deposit
their certificates with the Collector. If
that be required we will be able to at least
checfc the fraud from going any farther.
If not thousands of Chinamen will in due
time come into the United States on
forged certificates, and it will be impossi
ble to detect them."
THE RUSSIAN VOLUNTEER FLEET
Its Origin, P esent >ize, Employment
and Prospects.
An account in the London scientific
journal, Engineering, of Russia's volun
teer fleet as it stands to-day, is noteworthy
not only from the facts collected regard
ing it, but trorn the conclusion that this
fleet should no longer be viewed with the
distrust it so lone inspired, since it "de
serves the best wishes of the English peo
ple."
The origin of this peculiar organization
is interesting. In the last war between
Russia and Turkey the former's navy was
recognized to be weak, and some patri
otic subjects of the Czar resolved to create
by private efforts a force of auxiliary cruis
ers that might be useful in case a vaval
power should intervene on the side of
Turkey. Subscriptions were started in the
chief towns, and in a few months about
2,000,000 rubles were collected. With
these the Alsatia, the Lothoringia and
two other steamers belonging to the
North German Lloyds were purchased.
Not very long afterward peace was con
cluded, "so that tbe work of the four ves
sels proved to have consisted chiefly of
conveying the sick and the wounded and
transporting troops from San Stefano to
tbe Black Sea ports.
In casting about for a new sphere of
duty for the volunteer fleet, it was decided
to have it ply between Russia's European
ports and Vladivostock. But the first
operations of the fleet as a commercial
venture were not encouraging. There
were no profits, and there was talk of
turning it over to the Black Sea trade.
However, tfle direction of it was trans
ferred to the Minister of Marine, and
presently an era of prosperity Jor the fleet
began. The numbers increased, and now
the fleet is managed by a committee repre
senting the Treasury, War, Navy and
Audit offices, the president, who is "gener
ally an admiral, being selected by the
Minister of Marine. The chief executive
officer is known as the inspector, and the
Incumbent of the office is Colonel Linden,
who for a long time had been a naval
attache in England, representing the Eus
sian Government.
At present the volunteer fleet possesses
thirteen large steamers, each capable of
carrying from 3000 to 5000 tons or cargo,
exclusive of bunker coal. They are the
Kherson, Petersburg, Saratoff, Orel, Vlad
imir, Voronej, Kiav, Ekaterinosiav, Tam
bov, Yaroslavai, Kostroma, Nijni-Novgo
rod and Khabarovsk. The first four can
make nineteen knots and the others thir
teen knots. All of them have been built
in Eneland, where also two other vessels
are to be constructed. The original ye.i-
Bels, acquired in Germany, have been
given up and turned over to the Admir
alty as training ships.
Odessa is the principal port from which
the steamers of ihe fleet start. They pass
through the Suez canal ana reach Viadi
vostock in about forty days. On the way
they call at Port Said. Perim or Aaen,
Colombo, Singapore and Nagasaki as the
principal ports. Only two or three years
ago no more than seven or eight voyages
were made each year, but under the pres
ent management no fewer than twenty
two voyages are oarried out within the
year.
Thns Vladivostock has increased in im
portance and the volunteer fleet has ren
dered a great service in building up the
Asiatic shores of Russia. The fleet is also
ueed in transporting materials for the
Siberian railway and so adds largely to its
earnings while being of pnblic service in
that way. It also carries out immigrants
and convicts, the latter being sent out to
the island of Saghalien, not far from
Vladivostock. It takes back to Odessa
soldiers whose term has expired; teas
from Hankow, the tea trade being en
tirely in its bands and no less than 36,000
tons being carried last year; copra, castor
seeds and other products.
It Is also worthy of note that "the freez
ing of Vladivostock harbor is not now an
insuperable obstacle to tiie passing of
; NEW lO.DAY.
EXTRA
BIG
GiftS—Free! Free!
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
EXTRA BIG OFFER FOR CHRISTMAS.
YOUR CHOICE FrLSJE!:
1 Fance Boat, decorated. ' 3 Hold Band J'lates. • 6 \\ liisky Tumbler*, ground bottom.
I 8 Tea Cups and Sa ucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor. * 1 Fancy Mustache Cap find Saace&
: 1 l^arce Majolica IMtcuer. ■ 6 Toothpick Holders. "' ■* ■' '4 Table Tumblers, engraved. ■ .
1 Fnncy Ice Cream Dub. 1 .Meat Dish, 10-inch. 5 Handled Lemonade Ulasnes, .
, 8 Water Goblets,: banded. ) Fancy i^alad Dish. 1 Half-gallon Waier Pitcher.
1 Cake Stand, crystal. 2 Plate*, fesioonud. 1 Chocolate (up and Saucer. ~
1 Cheese Dish, crystal. . 6 Lemonade Musi 1 Cake Plate, fancy chiua. ■
6 W ater Goblets, plvlo. 4 Bouquet Holders. 1 Herry Dial), cry.-,ta ., large. -'■ fci 1
1 Butter Dish, crystal. 1 Rebecca Tea Pot ' '2 Fancy Cups and £aac<2ra, A. IX
6 Claret Glasses, pi a 1 a, • 1 Decanter. 1 Candlestick, bisque.
6 Comports, individual. 1 Oat Meal Set. ' 1 Bisque .Figure Dancer.
4 Ale or Peer Glasses. 1 Milk Set. _ 1 Vase, fancy Bohemian. .
H" 1 Cake Basket, sancy. 1 Syrup Pitcher. 1 Scollop,7 -inch, decorated. -
1 Rose Bal. . . terry Dishes. . 3 :?oup Plates, decorated. . .'
• :"4 Champagne Glasses. ' 1 Celery Tray. '.6 ha tor .'epper >haKers. ■
, 1 Bread and Milk set. .: S Dinner Plates. • 1 Vegetable Dish, decorated,
, 2 Fancy Frail Plates. . S Oyster Bowls. A thousand o; her Fancy Dishes of every
1 Pitcher, decorated. 6 Fruit Saucers. .. - description. - .-:.•.-. «..„..
OJNTE3 I^i^.EsEa XVITJEI ES-A.CSHC
sf^cts Teas, Spices,
Baking Powders
Extra Double Presents | Extra Double Tickets
THIS OFFER HOLDS GOOD UNTIL NEW YEAR. ;
E33ES3Lh!Lj
Ciinahe Crockery, Glassware
BIQ CUT PRICES!
Fancy Chinaware and Glassware
v. : Tea, Chocolate, Coffee Cups, Fancy Plates, Berry Dishes
10, 12^[, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 75c each.
~~ ; Chocolate, Ice Cream, Berry, Lemonade and Water Sets
50, 65, 75, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 1.85, 1.95, 2.25, 2.50 per set.
China, Bisque, Fancy Vases, Figures and Ornaments
10, 12^, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 60, 75, 1.00, 1.25 each.
CUSPIDORES— 20, 25, 35, 40. 50, 75c each.
Genuine Delft China
Trays, Olives, Butter Mates, Clips, Cream Pitchers, Salads, Plaques
15, 20, ; 25, 35, .40, 50, 60, 55, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50 each.
Tea Sets, complete for 12 persons
Pare 4~% OK Light O "7^ 6o!d OKO Fine China !-■ OK
White V 25 BlSe 2- 75 Trimming, 3- 5 ° Heliotrope 525
■: - .. ■** ■. "■'■"■. Decoration "** ' ;■.•:--. ' ■ y ,- ? .. ..-**.
Dinner Sets complete for 6 persons
v Pure ORO Pretty 4.75 Gold - Q'OO Superior 9^o
White X" 0^ Gray ZL« ' ° Handle O U China y-^»^
; T*^. Colors Trimmings Heliotrope . : ,-7^ •*.
Dinner Sets complete 100 pieces
Pare 5-75 Light 7-75 Wind 9.25 Bohemian 17- 5 °
White O'' 0 Blue /■' ° Flower ; M 1^ 0 China, I /' o y
w^ Color* " Gold Handles T^ ; a gem * '
Quality Best, Made by Best English Makers, Newest Shapes and Designs.
3prices a.way x.jnder.
Stores, too in ISTumber.
re a t American 1m p o rti n a Co .
140 Sloctlx St. 146 3NTin.tli St.
1344 3V£AX-ls.et St. 218 Tliircl St.
2>lO Mission St. 2008 Fillmoro St.
ei7;KearnySt. - : " " 865 JVTarltet St. -
1419 ; IPollx. St. O O 3 ' Sixtoentli St.
621 Montgomery are. 104 Second St.
333 Hayes St. .;,•■; •:>.::;■ 3283 Mission St. . v ' ;
i ;-":v j - .:'.;•■■ . : : " .;■: o^lkij ajtp - ; STORES: "" : " : ,. , , : ■ .-.' ■
IOS3 "WTasliiiiston St. 616 Bast T-ro-elftli St.
131 Sail Pablo iiaLTre.' ' 917 Broadnray.
re;.-- :.v ;r ?g - ;• 1355 : I»arlt • St., Alameda. : ■" ■ r; '
S HEADQUARTERS 52 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
ships. Last year vessels entered the port
even when the frozen surface hid reached
a thickness of twelve inches. A canal
through the ice four miles long was cue
out by sawing, the huge frozen masses be
ing crushed or towed away by the Govern
ment vessel Siloch. The operations wore
successful, but in order to do the work
still more efficiently in future an ice
breaker is being constructed at Copen
hagen."
Altogether, Ensineerine. concludes that,
although the volunteer float still ha* at
Odessa guns ready to be mounted for war
purposes, yet its chief functions are com
mercial, and that the bni'ding up of
Asiatic Russia may help Brittsii manu
facturers. In any event, so lont; as all
the ships come from English yards the
latter cannot complain.
HIDDEN SUBMARINE TREASURES.
What Becomes of the Ships That Are
at the Bottom of the Sea ?
What becomes of the ship that sinks in
mid-ocean? If it is of wood, it takes, in
the first place, considerable time for it to
reach the bottom. In 100 or more fathoms
of water a quarter of an hour wilt elapse
before the ship reaches bottom. It sinks
slowly, and when the bottom is rcsciie I
it fails gently into the soft, oozy bed, witli
no crasb or breaking.
0? course, if it i? laden with pig iron or
corresponding substances, or if it is an iron
ship, it sink 3 rapidly, and sometimes
strikes the bottom with such force as to
smash to pieces. Once sunken, th»» ship
becomes the prey of the countless inhabit*
ants of the ocean.
They swarm over and through the great
boat and make it their home. Besides
this, they cover every inch of the boat
with a thick layer of lime. Tliis takes
time, of course; and when one fronoration
dies another continues the wo--k, until
finally the ship i 3 so la ien with heavy
incrustations, corals, sponges and barna
cles that, if wood, the creaking timbers
fall apart, and slowly but surely are ab
sorbed in the waste at the sea bottom.
Iron vessels are demolished more
quickly than those of wood, which miy
last for centuries. The oniy metals that
withstand the chemical nction of the
waves are gold and platinum, and glasg
also seems unaffected. No matter how
lons gold may be bidden in the ocean, it
will always be gold when recovered, and
this fact explains the many ro;i aniic and
adventurous searrlies after hidden treas
ures lost in shinwrecks.— London An-,
swers. x
56
FRIDAY... DECEMBER 26, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOHTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pally and Sunday Caia, one week, by carrier..
Pally and Sunday Caix, one year, by ma 1 1.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
pally and Sunday Call, one month, by malL. .65
Sunday Caul, one year, by mall.. 1.60
Vhuuy Call, one year, by ma 11.... ...» 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street. -
Selephen*.... Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
tV7 Sroßtßomery street, corner Clays open until
• I :?C o'clock.
f£9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
•7 IS JLarkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
TV .corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
(.rill S o'clock.
ifclb Mission street; open nntll 9 o'ctocS.
167 *>Uith street; open until 9 o'clock.
v Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
fcOb Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Seems SI and 82, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Merry Christmas.
Look out for the mistletoe,
We are a gifted people this morning.
The gifts are good, but the givers are
better.
Rejoice that you live in a Christian
country.
Don't forget to do something to cheer
the friendless.
It is tne merry heart that makes the
household glad.
Go to church, hear tbe music, and see
the decorations.
The prosperity of a gift lies in the ap
preciation of the recipient.
Know all men by these presents that
Santa Claus rules the earth.
To-day we have tne touch of nature that
makes the whole world kin.
Mistletoe privileges must not be allowed
to fall into innocuous desuetude.
We have to thank Congress for taking a
rest itself and giving the country one.
We can beat the world on church decora
tions at Christmas, and what is more we
doit.
San Francisco has a right to be proud of
her church music, and it will be at its
best to-day.
McKinley will probably find his stock
ing this morning filled with ornaments
for the Cabinet.
The country expects nothing from
Cleveland as a Christmas gift, and it won't
be disappointed.
Send the Christmas Call to your
Eastern friends, and let them see that
you remember them.
There is joy in the consciousness that
good things are abundant, and the time to
6 wear off is a week away.
This is the day when the married man
has the best of life and the bachelor does
kowtow for an invitation to dinner.
Many a zenerous man and woman will
realize to-day the iullness of the truth
that it is better to give than to receive.
Nowhere else in the world will so large
a proportion of the community enjoy the
best pleasures of the day as in California.
It would have been a happier day for
TJncle Sam if he had been able to give
peace to Spain and independence to Cuba.
The prospects of the world are brighter
than they were a year ago and every
promise of the future is nearer fulfillment
It is with pleasure we present you with
Thb Call this morning. May it help to
speed the day for you in gladness and
joy. _
Many a lonely bachelor will arise this
morning to find nothing in his stocking
but a hole and nothing to do but to
darn it.
There is hardly any kind of pessimism
that cannot be cured ior a day at least by
a proper observance of the Christmas
festival.
Before we are called upon again to sing
of peace on earth it may be realized in
Cuba and Armenia as well as in our own
country.
Another evidence has been furnished to
prove that New Jersey is not in the
Union. She began and ended a murder
trial in six hours.
Those who do not get this morning as
much as they expected should remember
that in this world the highest merit never
does receive all that it deserves.
It seems to be the opinion of Washing
ton society that an inaugural ball is too
much like football to be a dignified pro*
ceeding for statesmen to engage in.
It is asserted that less it known of the
interior of the southern part of Florida
than of the interior of Central Africa, and
prob:\bly there is less in it that is worth
knowing.
In mailing the Christmas Call to yonr
Eastern friends, bear in mind tbe home
postage is 3 cents and tbe foreign postage
5 cents. Don't mail the paper with insuffi
cient postage.
A wide extension of rnral mail delivery
is one of the good things we can count on
from the next administration and there
are many parts of California that may ex
pect to profit by it.
The Cuban problem in one form or an
other has been before this country for
fifty years, and it would seem that by this
time the chestnnt ought to be boiled
down to a condition of easy digestion.
On this day there are kindly feelings in
the popnlar heart toward everybody.
Even the rod we have been preparing for
Grover we are now willing to convert into
a fishing-roa and put it in his stocking.
In no other State in tbe Union can
Christmas be celebrated with such a
variety of sports and pleasure as in Cali
fornia. We can hare everything from
toboggan slides to picnics and be merry
anywhere from the fireside to the forest.
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.
To all the host of its readers The Call
wishes a merry Christmas. It sends forth
an edition of extra size, interest and
beauty to add what it can to tbe gladness
of every home to which it comes. It ex
presses more than the sentiment of itself
alone. Never did it more truly "speak for
all" than it does this morning, when it
comes to the people with words of cheer
and joy, conveying all the thousand feel
ings of kindliness that are summed up for
us in the salutation of the day— "Merry
Christmas."
The world is better than it was when we
celebrated this festival last year. It is not
only richer and more prosperous, but its
prospects of the coming of "peace on
earth" are brighter than ever before. It
is true that in the world beyond the
borders of our country there still are cru
elties of war and outrages against hu
manity, but even over the lands where
these dread deeds are being done there
dawns with this day the hope of a near
attainment of peace, and the establish
ment of that law whose foundations are
justice, and the keystone of whose arch
is love.
Europe looks upon Armenia and we
regard Cuba with a more resolute de
termination to put an end to the cruel
oppressions which are crushing them.
The songs of peace and love sung in our
churches to-day will increase in us tbe
fervor of our hostility to tyranny end
wrong, and out of the joy of the festival
there will come an added strength to the
popular sentiment in favor of using all
the powers of the great civilized nations
of tbe earth to redeem tbe world as far as
possible from the barbarisms that now
wage savage warfare against every interest
of man.
It is no idle dream that we may yet ac
complish through the right exercise of our
great power among the nations of the
earth an influence which will be helpful
to every people that needs help. It is not
for war, but for peace, that we have armed
ourselves and made our strong Republic
ready for the performance of every duty
which her own destiny or the cause of hu
manity may impose upon her. We are
nearer to a permanent peace this Christ
mas than last because we are better fitted
to compel it, and in the might of our mili
tary and naval armaments, therefore, as
well as in the beauty and holiness of our
churches, we feel conscious that we have
drawn nearer to all which we hope for in
the celebration of our Christmas day.
Turning from the bloodstained fields
and ruined homes of Armenia and Cuba to
regard tbe conditions of our own land, we
find innumerable evidences of approach
ing prosperity to all classes of our people.
It has become with us a commonplace to
say that we are about to enter upon a new
era of prosperity. The dawn of that era
has already begun to shed its brightening
rays over the land, and all who look up
ward and forward are gladdened by the
sight of them.
It is not material prosperity, however,
in which we rejoice most to-day. This j
festival is a celebration of the heart. Its!
joys are those which emanate from pure
and unselfish feelings. Its gladness is
that which conies to us from the con- j
sciousness that along with this increasing
wealth there comes also an increasing de
velopment of fraternal and kindly feeling
between man and man.
The close of the long struggle between
labor and capital, the end of personal an
tagonisms among citizens, and the cessa
tion of prejudices and rivalries between
the people of one region and those of
another are still afar off. Nevertheless
we are nearer to them than ever before in
the world's history. We are growing
more and more to appreciate and value
the true spirit of the philosophy of Him
whose oirthday we celebrate. It is to
ward these things our deeper thoughts
will tend to-day, and they will add much
to the fervor and the earnestness with
which we will greet our friends with the
wish for "a merry Christmas."
BARGAIN COUNTERS.
Among the many ladies who throng the
dry-goods stores where bargains are
offered there are probably very few who
have thought there is any more to be con
sidered in bargain-counter ethics than a
moderate politeness to tne shopgirls and
complete abstention from shoplifting.
The Social Reform Club of New York,
however, has taken further considerations
and held a meeting specially for the dis
cussion of "The Ethics of the Bargain
Counter, " in which the problem for de
cision was the surprising one of whether
such places should be patronized at all.
As tbe ladies who occupy the pews be
neath the thunders of a fashionable pul
pit never do anything grossly wicked, of
course their milder vices must b ■ rebuked,
and the famous Dr. • Park burnt has pro
nounced judgment against patronizing
bargain counters. Long custom has made
people quite case-hardened to warnings
about the evil of theater-^oine and card
playing, but when it comes to being
solemnly told by a beloved pastor that
they are doing a moral wrong in buying
goods where they are offered cheapest
they would probably consider it merely a
conundrum, and await the explanation
with much curiosity, but no sense of
guilt
At the Social Reform Club conference it
was argued against the bargain counter
that the heavy competition it forces upon
trade falls finally upon the humblest toil
ers. It was said tbe seeking of bargains is
but an indirect method of oppressing the
poor. One oi the speakers at the confer
ence who maintained that bargain-counter
trading is an evil was a woman who bad
been a shirtmaker. She said she knew
that bargains were paid for in the ena by
the workpeople, and mentioned that
women who made gowns got only 49 cents
a dozen for them.
On the other side of the question it was
pointed oat that as a rule workpeople en
gaged in making cheap articles received
better wages than those who produced an
article wnose higher price made its mar
ket more restricted, the permanency
of jobs, as well as better pay, being largely
the result of skillfully supplying the
wants of the public so cneaply that peo
ple of moderate mean's can become large
and regular purchasers.
On the whole, the defense of the bar-
Rain counter had the better argument.
In bringing the poor into the question it
should always be remembered they are
buyers as well as sellers, and in that way
they reap their share of the general good
that comes of putting merchandise within
reach of small incomes.
Tbe discussion of the Social Reform
Club has not injured the bargain counter,
but helped it. Sound ethics never gets far
away from sound economics.
A GLASGOW PROBLEM.
The civilized world's attention has been
drawn anew to a consideration of the rela
tive merits of the principles of co-oper
ation and of conducting business by
individual enterprise by tbe efforts now
being made by a number of merchants in
Glasgow to retard tbe development of
co-operative stores.
These tradesmen becoming jealous of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
the growing business of such stores have
organized a "Private Traders' Defense
Association," and invited the traders of
all Scotland to join them in making war
on the mutual benefit establishments.
Part of their plan, as reported, is to refuse
to employ any one who is connected "in
the remotest degree" with the co-oper
ators. If a boy's parents are co-operators
he will be discharged. Another part of
their programme is to refuse to buy goods
from those wholesale houses who sell to
the co-operative stores.
Steps will be at once taken to test the
legality of these measures, and we shall
soon know what Scottish law says on the
subject. The issue involved in the con
troversy is wider, however, than statute
law. The people generally would pay
little attention to the controversies of re
tail traders with wholesale houses on law
points, but the matter of discharging em
ployes who support co-operative stores
comes closer home to the public, and has
aroused considerable interest. Public
opinion is said to be on the side of the co
operators, and dismissal from employ
ment of ]>«>ople whose only offense is that
they choose to use their earnings in their
own way is regarded as oppressive.
Some of the threatened wholesale houses
are reported to have decided to stick to
their co-operative customers and expect
to transform the attempted injury to their
business into a benefit. An important
factor in the conflict is the existence in Scot
land of a great co-opeiative wholesale so
ciety, manufacturing and importing goods
and doing a business of several millions
annually, of which most of the retail co
operative stores are members. This makes
the co-operators largely independent and
will enable them to procure gooas even if
the individual wholesale dealers were
forced into submission by the Traders'
Defense Association.
The results of the fight will be watched
with interest and the great auestion con
cerning tbe point at which co-operation
and combination ceases to be a producer
of general prosperity and happiness may
be brought a little nearer solution. It is
beyond disnute that co-operation within
certain limits is a pian productive of many
benefits to mankind, but the advocates of
individual enterprise also have strong
arguments, and the problem of just how
far the principle of co-operation can be ex
tended can only be fully settled after much
discussion and experiment.
Glasgow has solved many social prob
lems with success and we shall now see if
her people are equally wise in problems of
business.
CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA.
Christmas in England has been cele
brated by the best efforts of her genius in
every art from pr.inting to poetry. Her
greatest novelists have delighted to write
Christmas stories, tier loftiest singers
have sung Christmas songs, and her mas
ter painters have vied with one another
in producing pictures of Christmas cbeer
and revelry. As a result of all these ef
forts the fame of Christmas time in Eng
land is worldwide, and wherever books
are read men and women are familiar
with the sports, the games, the music, the
solemn services in tne churches and all
that goes to make up the joy of the season
in that country.
Christmas in California has not been
made so famous as that in England. We
have not yet produced the great poets,
novelists and painters who are to make
our festival familiar to all the world.
Nevertheless it needs no gift of prophecy
to foretell the coming of the time when
Christmas in this land of ours will be as
widely known and more favorably re
garded tban even that of the land of
which Milton sung and Dickens wrote.
Onr climate at this season is far more pro
pitious to every form of enjoyment than
that of England, and there is scarcely
any conceivable method of celebrating
the day that cannot be carried out in this
State to bet:er advantage than anywhere
else on earth.
The people of California appreciate the
bounty which nature has bestowed upon
the Christmas season in their State. They
have drawn inspiration from the climate,
and have become more joyous at Christ
mas time than the people of any other
section of our country. As Mr. Haweis
said: "Sound to tbe core is the way tbe
San Franciscans celebrate Christmas."
Mr. Haweis spoke of this City because
this was tbe place in which he saw Christ
mas celebrated, but his words would have
been equally true bad they applied to
Californians of every district from the
mountains to the sea.
When our holiday season has been fitly
sung and described it will win the ad
miration of the world and attract to us
travelers and treasure-seekers from all
.'ands. There is scarcely any joy to which
the human heart is attuned thai cannot
be found here, when once the influence of
Christmas has turned the minds of Call
formans away from business and set them
free to indulge in all the activities of
social life. Tne time is not far distant
when our holiday season, beginning with
Christmas and continuing to New Year's
day, will be followed by a succession of
carnivals and festivities of all kinds, from
those of ice palaces to those of flower
gardens, which will last the whole winter
long and merge into the fetes of May.
California, we may fairly claim, is des
tined to be the scene of tbe finest delights
of the human race. This much is made
evident by tbe fervor with which its peo
ple are already beginning to celebrate, fes
tivals of all kinds. It will be made mani
fest by the universality of the joy of tbe
Californians to-day. In no other com
munity will tbe rejoicing be so common
among all classes or so full of abounding
vitality. Tbe California Christmas will
yet be renowned in song and story as the
fullest happiness of humanity and the
glory of the earth.
INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION.
The report that the Etnbassadors at
Constantinople of all the great powers
have received to act in con
cert in compelling the Government of the
Sultan to put an end to the Armenian
outrages and institute those reforms which
will b.'ing the Ottoman empire into some
thing like harmony with Europe is fall of
happy auguries for the peace of the world.
Although not called "international
arbitration" such a concert of action
among the great nations of Europe would
virtually amount to that. By the pro
posed agreement the nations will have
consented to submit all their interests and
their antagonisms in the Eastern problem
to such arbitration as the carrying out of
the agreement will entail. In the very
nature of things each of the great nations
must give way to the others in some
respects, and no matter in what form snch
concessions are made they constitute what
is essentially a submission to an inter
national court.
If the experiment of submitting the
Turkish question to the decision of a
general council of the nations proves suc
cessful it is fairly certain that other ex
periments of the kind will be made when
further issues arise between the nations.
It is in the order of history as of nature
that nothing stands still. The idea of
international arbitration has been started
among the nations of Europe by this at
tempt to solve the problem of Turkey,
and it is certain to grow from more to
more aa civilization increases.
The example set by the United States
and Great Britain in referring all disputes
between them to international arbitration
cannot fail to have a marked influence
upon Europe. The people of those na
tions are already so discontented with tbe
heavy taxes impospa upon them to keep
up their itamense armaments that tney
are on the vergo of insurrection and re
bellion. The wiser statesmen of each na
tion see that these heavy burdens cannot be
continued much longer and will hail with
gladness any programme that promises to
put an end to the necessity for them.
Thus the influences exerted by the exam
ple of this country and Great Britain will
be augmented by local influences acting
in each nation. Public sentiment favora
ble to such arbitration is already formed
in every civilized country, and it needs
only wise guidance to direct it to com
plete success in the settlement of nearly
all questions that can possibly arise be
tween one nation and another.
Whatever may come in the future, the
people of this country will rejoice in the
knowledge that it is now fairly certain
the great powers will agree to put an end
to the Armenian outrages and compel the
Turkish Government to begin at once tbe
work of reform. The outrages committed
against the people of Armenia have been
tolerated too long. They should have
been stopped when they began. It is
comforting to know, however, that we are
nearing the end of them at last, and that
before another Christmas dawns we shall
not have fearful news from that country
to mar the joy of onr festival as we sing
of "peace on earlh, good will to men."
PERSONAL.
N. P. Whitehouse of Boston is in town.
F. M. Stateler of Alameda is registered at the
Palace.
H. C. Marmon of Indianapolis reached here
yesterday.
D. N. C. Morgan of Pla'cerville arrived here
yesterday.
George D. Allman, a stage man of Cazadero,
is at the Lick. •
S. M. Martin of Chicago Is on a visit here and
is at the Lick.
A. L. Burbank, a real estate dealer of San
Jose, is in the City.
J. P. Morton of tbe United States navy is in
the City and at the Occidental.
John T. Porter of Pajaro was among the ar
rivals from the south yesterday.
F. R. Bishop, a business man of Louisville,
Ky., Is among the arrivals at the Palace.
J. R. Bane, one of the proprietors of the Oc
cidental Hotel at Santa Rosa, is in the City.
C. J. Shepherd of Los Angeles is one of the
lstest arrivals here from that part of tbe State.
Max Ere kens, a wealthy business man of
Aachen, Germany, was one of yesterday's ar
rivals.
J. F. Richardson, a wealthy gentleman of
Omaha, is at the Palace, accompanied by Mrs.
Richardson.
George E. Brown of Fresno, a raiser of live
stock and fruit, is a late arrival here. He is
on a business trip.
Edward Carlson of Angels Camp, and who
owns Interests in gold properties there, ar
rived here yesterday.
Assistant United States District Attorney W.
P. James of Los Angeles arrived here yester
day and is at the Baldwin.
M. C. Osborn of Santa Cruz and superinten
dent of the gas works in that lively little city
is staying for a few days at the Grand Hotel.
J. F. Brandon, who for some years has owned
and conducted a store at Centerville, is enjoy
ing the holidays in San Francisco. He la at
the Rue>B.
B. M. Coiwell, who owns mining Interests In
Nevada and who comes to California only oc
casionally, is here to spend the holidays. He
is at the Russ.
J. E. Btngham of Washington, D. C, and
Miss Bingham arrived here yesterday and will
remain several weeks. They are at present at
the Occidental.
! John L. Latham, an old resident of Los An
geles who has acquired large wealth by invest
ments in real estate and business, is among
the arrivals at the Occidental.
Clarence Eddy, the distinguished American
organist, whose home is at Chicago and who
has been giving entertainments at Los An
geles, Riverside and other places for a week
past, returned here yesterday and is at the
Palace. He will play the great organ ot St. Ig
natius Church three times to-day, during the
several religious exeicises.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 24.— At the St.
Cloud, J. P. Btorm; Gllsey, J. H. Morse; Im
perial, Mrs. H. E. O'Neal; Murray Hill, W. E.
Spratle; Metropole, Mrs. Cowles; Marlboro, T.
P. Spitz.
HE GOT HIS ROYALTY.
Atlanta Constitution.
A certain author had the good fortune to
have a volume of short stories accepted for
publication by a New York firm. That was a
little more tban a year ago. The firm was to
pay him a royalty of 10 per cent after the ex
penses of publication were deducted. When
tbe book had been on the market a year the
author wrote for a statement of sales.
"I must have a big check awaiting me," he
said, "for the book received good notices, and
must have sold well everywhere."
The publishers received his letter and made
out a statement, accompanied by the follow
ing:
Dkab^ib: We Inclose herewith statement of
sales of your book of short stories, also check for
amount due at 10 per cent royalty. We think the
work has done remarkably well, having paid ex
penses or publication and advertising. Accept onr
check for 17 cents royalty, full amount duo you.
Respectfully, etc.
The author stared at the figures, then stag
gered out and asked a drug clerk if 17 cents
would purchase enough laudanum to kill a
man.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Robert Louis Stevenson's grave in the Apia
Mountains is said by a writer in the Sketch to
be painfully neglected. Its almost Inaccess
ible site may have something to do with that.
AmoDg the thousand! of photographs
brought back by Kansen is one of an attack
ing Polar bear, of which the explorer took
three snap shots with his camera before he
shot him with his gun.
Colonel Frederick D. Grant has been visiting
the old Grant homestead at East Windsor Hill,
Conn. A portion of the house, which was
occupied by an ancester of Colonel Grant, is
nearly two centuries old.
It was little Queen Wllhelmlna of Holland
who was overheard holding the terrible threat
over the head of her most rebellious doll: "It
you do not be good at once I will make you
queen and then you will never have any one
to play with."
Senator George P. Hoa? of Massachusetts
has presented an Interesting relic to the First
Church oi Plymouth, Macs. It is a consider
able portion of the original threshold of the
church In Delft Haven, Holland, in which the
pilgrims held their last service before depart
ing for America,
Quite in contrast with the materialistic
temper of the age was that remark once made
by Professor Agassiz when offered a higher
salary if he would remove to another position
than the one be was so laboriously and faith
fully filling: "I cannot afford to waste my
time making money."
A Great Success.
The Wasp's Christmas number, which Is a
perfect winter album of San Francisco, her
bay. park and the Golden Gate, beautifully
printed in red, blue and gold on the finest
paper, is the journalistic success of the season.
It is being bought up by the thousands and
sent to Eastern friends, who hiebly appreciate
a publication which shows at a glanoe what
San Francisco and its picturesque surround
ings look like Iv winter.
Letters From the People.
MUNICIPALITY OF PARIS.
Our Uwn City Government Very Crude
in lotnpariton.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
A formidable barrier to progress in the de
velopment of a good and equitable system
which will insure the comfort of the people
and the security of life and property in our
American cities is the astonishing ignorance
which prevails in every community of the
vast achievements made in recent years in the
management of municipal affairs in European
cities, though our conceit is a great barrier,
too. But I hope we are outgrowing our con
celt and may displace our ignorance by can
did 6tudy of the methods in use in such cities
as Glasgow and Paris, London and Berlin,
where the problems which confront us to-day
were old when San Francisco was a rude adobe
pueblo.
"Municipal Government in Continental Eu
rope" is the title of a book of 505 octavo pages
by Albert Shaw, published by the Century
Company, New York, in 1895, which is des
tined to exert a widespread influence in mold
ing and developing the character of American
ciiies. "Paris: The Typical Modern City," is
the title of the first chapter, which takes up
145 of the ample pages of this book. In the
compass of a few newspaper paragraphs I can
only point out some of the most notable ob
jects in such a broad field of inquiry in the
hope that it may spur the public-spirited men
and women of San Francisco who are now
alive to the fact that municipal government
is the vital problem Defore our country and
demands a thorough and comprehensive solu
tion to make a close study of this book.
Mr. Shaw remarks in the preface, p. 6, that
"Municipal Government, from Scotland to
Hungary, is exalting the bacteriologist and
the sanitary inspector, fostering the kinder
garten and the technical school, and inquiring
anxiously about the bousing of tbe people."
In other words, "municipal government" in
Europe is no longer a synonym for brute
force applied to the repression of the lawless
elements, but has become a humane influence
for the elevation of the unfortunate under
stratum of society, and is growing more hu
mane as added years of experience more
clearly demonstrate the wisdom and value of
such a course in securing the best results both
in the repiession of crime and in eliminating
the criminal element. It is probable that
Paris leads all the cities of the world in the
multitude of its deft and delicate methods of
appealing to the sympathies of the more fortu
nate and prosperous to use the agencies of the
city as a fostering providence to improve the
condition of the poor.
It is not possible to give even an outline
here of the complex but wonderfully efficient
police system of Paris, deservedly famous the
w^rld over for its ability to detect crime and
protect life and property; nor to set forth the
marvelous work of the city in the manage
ment of the streets, the boulevards and the
parks and the means of transit; nor to deal
with the educational system, which embraces
the kindergarten, the grammar and high
schools, the technical and night schools, tne
colleges and art schools, the universities and
tbe libraries, and I must confine myself to
some of the most notable results of these mul
titudinous agencies which go to make up the
municipal government of Paris. But I may
not pass unnoticed what Mr. Shaw regards as
"the most essential factor in the municipal
life of Paris," which he says "is not the prefect
who wields the executive authority, nor the
municipal council, with its power to control
policies and to pass upon the details of a min
utely analyzed financial budget. There can j
be no comprehension, however faint, of the
government of Paris which does not take into
account the superb permanent organization of
the civil-service system." "Prefects may come
ana go, ministries may change with the sea
sons and municipal councils may debate and
harnn ,'iie, but the splendid administrative
machine moves steadily on," "the real unity
and continuity of the Paris municipality."
The school system of Paris, as Mr. Shaw ex
plains, "with its almost unrivaled aduptation
to the demands of real life, furnishes a con
stant stream of suitanle applicants for places
In the lower grades of the municipal civil ser
vice," and "the hieher grades and branches of
the public service draw upon the splendid
aerie.-* oi municipal and national technical
and professional schools, which train men for
every special department of municipal activ
ity. "Removals trom the service are not made
upon arbitrary grounds and political consid
erations have nothing to do with municipal
employment, while faithful continuance in
the public service is rewarded ultimately by
retirement on life pensions." One result is an
almost ideal public service.
With a few brief notes I must close at the
very opening of my story. I note in passing
that Paris has a police force oi about 9000 men,
all of whom entered the service after special
training and thorough competitive civil ser
vice examination, with thirty or forty candi
dates for every vacancy. Large revenues are
derived from the water, lighting and street
transit service. "For ten year.-; past the annual
payment to the city by the gas company for its
franchise privileges has been a10ut20,000,000
francs," or $40,000,000 in ten years, Hnd the
price of gas to consumers is rigidly fixed by
the city and is supplied at cost for puoiic use".
What does Sau Francisco think of thai?
I pass the water service, the street service
and the wonderiul sewer service to refer to
the schools, promising that Paris covers 19,
-275 acres, about thirty square miles, within
which is a population ot 2,500,000. The
rescue, maintenance and proper instruction of
friendless children is pcrnaps the most re
markable function of the pubne-sohool sys
tem, in which the State as well as the city par
ticipates. A special tund is provided for this
purpose, a tax of 10 per cent on the cost of ail
theater tickets end the gross revenue of all
places of amusement yielding a yearly income
of three or four million francs and the munici
pal council appropriatinganaverage of 20,000,
-000 francs toward this fund. The physical and
mental development of these friendless chil
dren is the special care of the municipality.
"Education between the ages 6 and 14 has
been absolutely compulsory in France since
1881, and also perfectly free, including books
and all other materials." Moreover, there are
about 200 free "maternal schools" iv Paris
with from fifty to sixty thousand little pupils
in them under 6 venrs of age. In addition to
this there are "garderies" for small children
whose parents are employed away lrom home
during the day, some of which take charge of
the children lrom morning till night. In the
public schools genera ly the city provides
warm noon meals at school for poor children.
But I lay down a reluctant pen. Let us learn
something of Paris.
Joseph^ asbtjry Johnson.
Ban Francisco, Dec. 20, 1896.
THE LITTLE ARM CHAIR.
Nobody sits In the little arm chair:
It stands In a corner dim;
But a white-haired niotherßazlng there,
And yearningly thinking of him.
Bees through the dust ot loug ago
The bloom of the boy's sweet face
As he rocks so merrily to and fro
With a laugh that cheers the place.
Sometimes he holds a book in his hand,
Sometimes a pencil and slate;
And he lesson Is hard to understand,
Thf flgnres to calculate:
But she sees the nod of the father's bead,
Ho proud of his little son.
And she hears the words so often said:
'•.No fear of our little one."
They were wonderful days, the dear, sweat days
When a child with sunny hair
Was here to scold, to kiss and to praise,
At her knee in the little chair.
She lost him back In her busy years,
When the great world caught the man,
And he strode away past hopes and fears
To his nlace in the battle's van.
But now and then In a wistful dream,
Like a picture out of datp.
She sees a head with a golden gleam
Kent over a pencil and slate;
And she Uvei again the happy day,
Tie day of her young life's spring,
Wheu the small arm chair just atood In that way,
Tbe center of everything.
—New York Times.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Olga Brandon— V. W., City. Olga Brandon
is In the East at this time.
Boatswain— C. B. 8., City. The pay of a boat
swain on a revenue cutter Is $50 per month.
Thb CoLTJMBiA— R. B. M., City. The steamer
Columbia was wrecked off Pigeon Point July
14, 1896, at 8 o'clock in the morning.
To Ban Diego— F. C, Oakland, Cat The
fare from Ban Francisco to San Diego by rail is
$20 and $17, and $15 and $12 by steamer.
Smallest Vessel— E. W. L., Suliun, Cal. This
department has not been able to find any
record of "tbe smallest vessel thus has ever
sailed around the world."
Sunday Sebvicb at Ska— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. As a rule there is religious service
on Sunday on board of all of the steamers that
cross the Atlantic, such service being con
ducted by the master of the vessel.
Visiting Cards— Subscriber, Oakland, Cal.
It is not improper, and it is fashionable, to
have the abbreviation "Mr." before a gentle
man's name on his visiting card. Such cards,
like fashions, change every now and then.
A Paper op 1776— W. D., Oakland, Cal. There
is no market value for a copy of the London
Post published in 1776. Such papers are
worth just whatever a per ton who would
wish to be possessed of one would be willing
to give for it. This department cannot advso
you as to who would be a probable purchaser,
of the paper you have. •
Balloon Gas— L., Hay wards, Cal. The buoy
ancy of a balloon depends on the weight of
the gas with which it is inflated, compared
with the weight of common air, bulk for bulk.
Hydrogen is the lightest of all known sub
stances. A cubic foot of atmospheric air at a
temperature of 34 degrees weighs 527.04
troy grains, while a cubic foot of hydrogen is
about fourteen and a half times lighter. Coal
gas is about two and a half times lighter than
air. If a balloon would contain 1000 pound*
of atmospheric air at temperature of 34 de
grees Fahrenheit, but filled with coal gas,
would weigh, all told, covering, gas and ap
pendages, 600 pounds, it would rise with a
lorce equal to the difference of these two num
bers, or-100 pounds.
Rocky Mountains— a. S., City. The term
Rocky Mountains implies the mountain sys
tem of North America. The name is some
times applied to the entire mountainous
region in the western part of the continent ex
tending to the Pacific, but it is generally re
stricted to the series of ranges which extend
from Mexico throuarh the United States, north
northwest and through British America, ex
clusive of the Sierra Nevada, Cascade Moun
tains, Coast Range and ranges of the
Great Rasin. Among the chief ranges are
the Cceur d'Alene Mountains, Bitter Root
Mountains, S Union River Mountains, Big
Horn, Black Hills, Crazy Mountains, Shoshone
Mountains, Waaatcn Mountains, Medicine
Bow Range, Front Range, Sawatch Moun
tain! and Elk Mountains. The system tra
verses Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming,
Utah, New Mexico. The chief peaks are Blanca,
given by one authority as having an altitude of
14,464 feet, while Mount of the Holy Cross is
given as 14,167. These are located In Colo
rado. Another authority gives the altitude of
the last named as 17,000 and the Big Horn
Mountain in Wyoming as 15,000 feet, which
would make these the two highest in the Rocky
Mountains of the United States. Pikes Peak.
Colorado, is 14,147; Longs Peak, 14,271; Grays
Peak, Colorado, 14,341; Mount Harvard, Col
orado, 14,375; Uncompahgre Peak, Colorado,
14,235.
Boys in the Navy— A. 8., City. The follow
ing from a circular of the Secretary of the
United States Navy is a full answer to the
several questions asked:
Boys bet-ween tbe ages of 14 and 17 years may,
with the consent of their parents or guardians, be
en Used to serve In tbe navy untl. they shall ar
rive at the age of 21 years. No minor under the
agb of 14 > ears, no insane or intoxicated person
and no deserter from the naval or military service
of the I'iiiteii States can be eoiisteU. Boys en
listed for the naval service must be of robnsc
frame, intelligent, of perfectly sound and healthy
constitution and free from any of the following
physical defects:
Greatly retarded develomneut, feeble constitu
tion, inherited or acquired; permanently Impaired
general health, decided cachexia, diathesis or pre
disposition: wealc or disorJere-l Intellect; epilepsy,
or other convulsions within flvo years; impxired
vision, or chronic disease of the organs of vision;
grext uullne-i-> of hearin? or chronic disease of the
ears: chronic nasal catarrh; ozaeoa, polypi, or
great enlargement of the tonsils; marked impedi
ment of a peer ft; ileciaea indications of liability to
pulmonary disease; chronic cardiac affections;
hernia or retention of testes in inguinal cavity;
circocele, hydrocele, stricture, fistula, or hemorr
bolJs; large varicose veins of lower limbs, scrotum
or cord: chronic ulcers; cutaneous and commun
icable diseases: unnatural curvature of the spine,
torticollis or other deformity: permanent disabil
ity of either of the extremities or articulations
from any cause; defective teetn, tbe loss or exten
sive caries of four molar teeth.
Physical examinations will be made by the med
ical officer of the ship upon which a boy presents
himself for enlistmen'. Boys in us» have the fol
lowing heights and measurements:
Age.
D £
■I I
• ■ e»
: 9
-2.
P »
Off
: a
• O
: I
• a
a
Six) no
>- D«*
o Br*,-
fill
Fourteen years. 4 ft. 9 in. 70 pounds
Fifteen years.. 4ft. 11 in. 80 pounds
sixteen years., j 5 ft. 1 In. 90 pound-
■2o Inches
7 inches
"8 inches
They must be able to read and write. In special
cases, when; a boy shows general intelligence and
Is otherwise qualified, he may be enlisted, not
withstanding his reading and writing are Imper
fect.
Each boy presenting himself for enlistment
must be accompanied by tils father, or by his
mother, in case the father be deceased, or by his
lega ly a, 'pointed guardian in cage he has neither
fati.er nor motcor living, and tbe parent or guar
dian presenting the boy mns: alien the prescribed
"consent, declaration and oath," which forms part
of the shipping articles. In cases where parents
or guardians may, by reason of distance, infirmity
or other caust-s, be unable to appear at tbe place of
enlistment, tney will, on written application to
the commanding officer of either of the ships upon
wnlch enlistments are made, be furnished with
the printed form of "Consent, declaration and
oath," in duplicate, by executing which the enlist
ments will be perfec.ea, should the boys be ac
cepted by the board of examining officers. No al
lowance will be made for traveling expenses,
whether accepte I or not.
All boys enlisting as apprentices mast volun
tar ly sign an aereement to serve in the navy
uutll 21 years of age, which agreement must, be
fore being signed, be careiully read and explained
to each boy by the recruiting officer.
Apprentices are educated to nil the positions of
neamen and petty officers. They cannot become
commissioned officers. Boys who have been
conviced of crime cannot be enlisted.
When first enlisted and rece ved on board ship
apprentices will be furnished, tree of cost, with an
outfit of clothing not exceeding In value the sum
of .$45. | Boys will be emitted as apprentices third
class, and receive $9 per month. Apprentices
third class, who are qualified, after : completing
their tour of : service in a cruising training-ship,
will be advanced to apprentices second class at
$15 per month. ApDrrutices second class, who
are qualified, will be advanced to apprentices first
class »t $-1 per month : after they snail have
served one year in cruising ships of war. . All ap
prentices receive one ration per day. :v: v :
■ Parents or guardians are required to relinquish
all claim to the services of apprentices, and appli
cations for their discharge during minority will
not be favorably considered except under extraor
dinary circumstances. ' ' "V
.. Boys enlisted 10 serve until 21 years of age will
not be permuted to allot any part of their pay to
parents or guardians until they ' shall have been
transferred to general cruising ships. Apprentices
will be transferred to - fill vacancies In sea-going
vessels as they become proficient and their ser
vices are required. ■ ...•■-■ . -- :-"•/
Upon the expiration of the enlistment of an ap
nreiuice he will, if recommended, receive an hon
orable discbarge, and upon re-enlistment within
three months from date of honorable discharge he
will receive three months' extra pay of his rating
when discharged, a cominnons service certificate
and an addition of one do'lar per month to his pay.
Knllstmems of apprentices are made on boa id
of : the following named ships: Constellation,
Coasters Harbor Island, ' nrar Newport, R. I. ;
Vermont, navy-yard, Brooklyn, N. V. ; W abash,
navy-yard, Boston, Mass.; Kkbmond. navy-yaid.
League Island, Ph., and the Independence, navy
yard. Mare Island, Cal. - - ■ .;_•- .. : • ..
Apprentices are under the immediate sneer
vision of the Bureau of Navigation, information
regarding enlistments will be furnished 7 by that
oureau or by the commanding officer ot the above
named ships. :., ■ . , •■:■=...-.•'
'- Apprentices who are enlisted in the East will be
given a course of training at Coasters Harbor
Island, near .New port. K. 1., and those enlisted on
the Pacific Coast, at Hare Island, California, before
being sent to sea. :■■::■■' .:■,-■'., . ; •■-.. . >
An apprentice may be allowed to purchase his
discharge from the service during the first eigh
teen months of enlistment, upon the writ: en re
quest of his parent or guardian, whi h request
must ■be  made ' upon i blanks which will be Var
nished, upon application, by the Bureau of Navi
gation. -' Any apprentice discharged | during his
minority at the request of his parent or guardian
must refund any indebtedness to the Government
and. the value, of tbe outfit furnished him upon
enlistment, in addition to the cost of his discharge.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Did you all walk, Shakespoke, after strand
ing at Oshkosh?"
"All but the ghost."— Detroit Free Press.
Jinks— There is a man who has a number of
movements on foot for making money.
Binks— Who is he?
Jinks— l don't know his name, but he's a
dancing-teacher.— New York Advertiser.
"Give me a free translation of Cceur de
Lion," said the teacher.
"A— lean dog,' ' vouchsafed Tommy. — Cincin
nati Commercial Tribune.
A small boy, who noticed for the first time
the gold filling in his aunt's teeth, exclaimed
to the dismay of all at the table: "Oh, Aunt
Mary, I wish I had copper-toed teeth, like
yours I"— Harper's Bazar.
"Mamma," said little Mary, "what does
amen mean?"
"It means that you Join in with what has
been said, dearie— that you approve ot and
believe it"
"Oh, yes. I know," satd the little girl. "It's
the opposite to nit!"— Harper's Baxaar.
"Is there any general rule for writing Irish
dialect?" asked the professor in the school of
journalism.
"There is," replied the scholar, promptly
"What is it?"
"Whenever the letter «i' appears In what you
would write make it read 'oi 1 and it's Irish
dialect."— Chicago Post.
Young wife (wishing to please)— Now, dear,
what dress would you advise me to wear for
the concert this evening?
Fond husband— Well, I think an accordion
skirt, with a brass band around the waist and
piped sleeves might fit the occasion.—Phila
delphia bulletin.
AN ATTRACTIVE WAIST
A waist of black novelty goods with dashes
of blue of a rather bright shade i* shown here.
The vest top was of blue velvet overlaid with
white lace. Revers of b»ack satin are edged
with ruffles of white lace, and a belt of black
finished the waist.
Another waist after the same model was of
taffetas in the many-toned effects now shown;
the vest was of heavy white lace over cream
satin, the revers being of the silk edged with
lace.
A waist of blue serge had the vest of apple
green silk heavily braided in black in a design
of conventional leaves and flowers. The revers
were also of the green silk, but braided in
rows set on quite close.
IMPROVED POSTAL SERVICE
St. Paul Pioneer Press.
An improvement in the postal service, of
greater advantage to tbe public than the pro
posed permission of private postal-cards,
would be the introduction of a plan for giviug
receipts, when desired, for ordinary mail mat
ter when deposited in the postoffiees, on pay
ment of an additional fee of say 1 cent for each
receipt. There are numerous occasions wheu
it is desirable to retain some proof of a letter
having been mailed, for leeal purposes, and
persons dispatching letters to the postofnee by
a messenger would often like a receipt in evi
dence that such letters were properly mailed.
But the greatest demand for such receipts
comes from book publishers and from city
merchants, who are making an increasing use
of the mails for the transmission of small
parcels of not sufficient value to Justify the
payment of a 10-cent registry fee. The cash
mail-order departments of many stores do aa
enormous business of this character, and the
inability to show a receipt for goods actually
mailed, but claimed not to have been received
by parties to whom sent, is the source of much
annoyance. It not infrequently happens that
a merchant or publisher feels obliged to send
goods a second time in order that no imputa
tion may rest on his integrity.
Bank receipts could be prepared and sold by
the department, singly or In little books like
those used by express companies, only smaller,
and the sender, being obliged to fill up the
blank himself with a copy of the address on
bis letter or package, all that would remain
for the pestoffice clerk to do would be to com
pare the receipt with the package and to
stamp it with the ordinary dating stamp of
the office. This plan would involve very little
expense to the Government, no liability
and no extra care In the handling
of the mail, receipted for— all of which
could bs specified on the printed torm
—and It would bo an improvement
generally appreciated, while at the same time
it would be a source of much needed addi
tional revenue. It would not materially affect
the receipts of the registered mail department
(especial y if limited Government liability
for registered packages is assumed aa just
proposed in the Postmaster-General's report),
and no other reasonable' objection to it can be
raised.
Senator Cullom of Illinois has already ex
f>ressed himself favorably to the plan, and a
lttie effort on the part of those interested
may secure Its adoption, although some offi
cials in the Postofllce Department, for reasons
unknown, decline to indorse it.
NEW TELEGRAPHIC INSTRUMENT
Baltimore Sun,
The multiplex printing telegraph, invented
by Professor Henry A. Rowland of Johns Hop
kins University, will soon be put upon the
market. Dr. Rowland is at present perfecting
the invention and expects in a short time to
exhibit the instrument. He has used ■ a syn
chronous device iv his invention and in the
mechanical arrangement of the typewriter has
used but eight signals, the letters being pro
duced iby ' combinations. The current of elec
tricity transmitting the message can be re
layed, and in this matter the invention can
be operated for great distances. When com
pleted, Dr. Rowland says, the new instrument
will be as convenient and as easily operated as
the ordinary telegraphic dispatching and re
ceiving apparatus. .:
Fkench nougat & fruit glace. 905 Larkin. •
' ' - — •—»• — » «
I 4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkta.,
50c 'Townsend's, Palace building. ••
■ — '■ — «— ♦ ■ » ' . ■
Special information dally to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping .bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. '
• — ♦ »
"Yes, I've been hunting for him all day. He
seems very much engaged lately.", j
"He is; and both girls have found It out"—
Puck. ■:--■■■ ••■ ' ■
Phillips' Bock island Kxcariloni
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Ri#
Grande and Rock Island .Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston.' Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. For ticket*, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent jrtock ; Island Railway, 80 Monfr
r>m«ry street, baa Franclxm.
■■■ i . « * * *■»
"Mrs. inflow 1 s Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children white Teething with per
fect success. It soothes the child, softens the gums,
allays Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels
and is the best remedy tor Diarrhoeas, whether ana
ing from tee. Ing or other causes. For sale by drug
gists In every part of the world. ' Be sure and aslc
-• for Mrs. Winslow's toothing Syrup. 25c a bottls.
;;■;'■■■: ..'.■.■ '. — ; — * — — ■■ — ■■■/ ;
■ : c Cobonatk*.— Atmosphere ( la perfectly dry. soft
; end mild, being entirely free from the mists com*
■ rr.on further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel .
Coronado, $(55: longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 .New Montgomery »t., Fan Francisco. -
■:"''/■.. ! • . -- — ♦ » .
' Ayeb'h Cherry Pectoral, if used according to
directions. Is a speedy cure for colds. Aslc your
druggist for Ayer's Almanac.  , .
".. " •.' — — ♦ « — —  :
r Acting " under . authority ' granted by the
South Carolina Legislature, General Hugh L.
Farley is collecting, and will publish in per
manent form, the rolls of all the companies
raised in that State for service in the Confed
erate army. '_: \-
NEW TO-DAY.
Your anxiety is for your
delicate child; the child
that in spite of all your care-
ful over-watching, keeps
thin and pale. Exercise
seems to weaken her and
food fails to nourish. That
child needs Scott's Emulsion
with the Hypophosphites —
not as a medicine, but as
a food containing all the
elements of growth. It
means rich blood, strong
bones, healthy nerves, sound
digestion. No child refuses
Scott's Emulsion. It is
pleasant and palatable.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New YoduFRIDAY DKCKMBKR 25, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Baubwik Thx*tsb ■— The Brovrnies.
• Columbia THKATK»_"The Railroad of Love."
• MOROSCO'S CPKKA-HorBK— 'She."
.Alcazar Thkatkr.- • Cricket on the Hearth."
BtaU: 0 " ° PKB * HoBBE — - Jack ana The Bean
6tiuJfca
• # < High-Class Vaudeville.
R. C Gfe^oa ° TAS> ~ Ecl<ly aod Mason Bts.-Prof. O.
tt.i^ t-'HTJTKs ASrD Skattnti RiifK.— Dally at
Halght street, one block east of the Park.
.v,? 10^ I**1 ** RACKB -Corner Baker and Fell streets,
. this afternoon, at 2 o'clock.
Siutbo BATHB-Bathlng and performance*.
Oakland Rack Tkack.— Races to-day.
AUCTION t,ALHS.
By WM.BTTTTB!BFrKLD— This day, December 25,
Cloakg. at 422 Kearay st., at a and 7 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mayor Sutro has vetoed two railroad meas
ures passed by the Supervisors.
Dr. McNutt talks emphatically in favor of
the Burns monument movement.
Mrs! Florence Long has been granted a di
. Vorce from Attorney James H. Long.
David Fauss, the murderer of Joseph Man
sing, has not yet been captured by the police.
Partly cloudy, but probably without rain is
the prediction of local weather conditions for
to-day.
The British ship Simla, which arrived from
Liverpool last night, had an unusually stormy
voyage.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday and
fined three members of the department for
neglect of duty.
Suit has been brought by Dr. Day wait to en.
teln the Treasurer from paying the $7000 due
|:i the new City map.
jk'rt'.e police have been for weeks searching for
TJ:>bert J. Muller, a wealthy young Philadel
jinan, but without success.
At the next meeting of the Olympic direc
tors affidavits will be read from the judges of
tne Egan and Hayes contest.
The journeymen Barbers' Union of this City
is preparing a lejrtslative bill to regulate the
profession throughout the State.
In Judge Bahr's court yesterday H. L. Jones
and B. G. Butterfleld, two young boys, were
acquitted oi the charge of robbery.
The American ship Mary FHnt, which ar
rived from New York yesterday evening, lost
a seaman overboard off Cape Horn.
The Pioneer Kindergarten schools held their
annual Christmas festival on Saturday, when
gifts were made to all the children.
A bear escaped from tne Bay City Packing
House, San Bruno avenue, jesterday afternoon
and is terrorizing the residents in the locality.
Conductor Frank Brundage of the Alameda
narrow-gauge local, saved an elderly man
Irom death in a remarkable manner a few
days ago.
Three favorites won at Oakland track yester
day. The first horses past the wire were: Ca
denza, Gold Bug, Argentina, Chartreuse II and
Waiter J.
Applicants for divorce are still storming the
Superior Court departments dnrine the happy
holiday season and in some cases they are
successful.
Dena Matson, a handsome, well-dretsed
■woman, was caught shoplifting in the Em
porium yesterday morning and was locked up
in the City Prison.
Luke Cavanaugh has been chosen to act as
official reporter in the Superior Court, to take
the place of Zmil Pohli, who will open offices
as a practicing attorney.
Ida K. Reichert has petitioned the Superior
Court to be appointed administratrix of the
estate of Mary A. Wyck, deceased, who left
property worth about $4000.
v '-Bill" Lange, the great center-fielder of the
Chicago baseball team, signed yesterday to
coach the promising Stanford team for six
weeks during the coming season.
Judge Seawell has decided that the City
Treasurer must pay rebates on this year's
taxes without regard to what taxpayers may
owe for delinquent taxes ol other years.
Company M and Company H, League of the
Cross Cadets, will meet to decide football
supremacy this afternoon at the Presidio
grounds. Game will be call at 2:30 o' clocked.
Cnief Crowley is now investigating the case
i of Policeman Steve Bonner, who shot at Roy
Cornell and his sister while they were return
ing home from a dance at the Girls' High
School.
Mike Xolan, a well-known rough character,
attempted to kill William Abbott, a saloon
keeper on Grant avenue, yesterday, and he
fired two shots at Police Officer D. Owen, who
tried to arrest him.
A Christmas present that was worth some
thing was received by Mrs. Alonzo Mason of
this City. Her father, John Malone of Cres
cent City, deeded to her 1000 acres of timber
land, valued at $2500.
A special meeting of the Panhandle and Ash
bury Heights Improvement Club has been
called for Saturday night to take action on
some of the most urgent needs of the district
represented by the club.
The Salvation Army has made arrange
ments by which over iiOOO men, women and
children will enjoy their Christina.' dinner to
day at the temporary barracks on New Mont
gomery and Howard streets.
Robert Long, who obtained money from
W. J. Carpmlll, saloon-Keeper, 611 Mission
s:reet, December 12, by representing himself
as a Government detective, was yesterday held
to answer be'ore the Superior Court.
The will of Marx Kahn, deceased, has been
filed for probate. Tne estate is worth about
$1,5,000 and is to be distributed among rela
tives of the deceased, Leon Kahn, a brother of
the testator, receiving the greiler share of the
property.
Artists are telling a good story about the
dangers run by Cadenasso and Latimer in
painting Presidio landscapes, which is for
iidden by the army authorities. Cadenasso
bad to rub out a background because it was
part of the Presidio land.
Reginald Webster yesterday began suit to
obtain possession of the office of Superintend
ent of Public fcchools, which is held by Madi
son Babcock. The latter contends that he is
entitled to serve until the end ol the term to
which A. J. Moulder was elected.
M. L. Yancovich, captain of the Slavonian
team that first anpeured at Sutro Baths, ob
jects to the use of the designation "Slavonian"
being applied to any team other than his own
that puus in the contest. He says he will
challenge the winners of the match.
The City churches are being tastefully dec
orated for Christmas. The Catholic aad Epis
copal churches will be ready for inspection to
day and the other denominations on Sunday.
The Catholic cathedral and Grace Episcopal
Church in particular present a magnificent
appearance.
Waldteufel, the proprietor of a bookstore
on Market street, yesterday surrendered Mai-
Belf to the United States Marsha:. A f*v, days
asro be was indicted by the Tailed Stales
Grand Jury on a charge oi fraudulently im
porting inio this country free of duty statues
intended for religious pu-poses.
Wen Kirn, a Chinese girl, mide a sensational
escape yesterday afternoon rom a Chinese
d«non t-pofford alle/ hastening down a fire
esCHpe, with the man vvho claims to own her
in close pursuit. Hundreds of Chinese gazed
on the spectacle with wonder. The girl was
placed in a Chinese mission, where she will
be protected.
HEW TO-DAT.
|m T«B4Tii*!ft.— For red. ron»h. eh.pped. or di»; ■
colored bands, »oak them In o«tronu, hot «ud« ■ I
■ of Cuticika Soap, dry thoroughly. «nd «pply .<■<>-■ .*
■ tiove a (ointment), wearing |rtOTe« dnnnetheniKht ■
M POTXSI I>BCQ * CIIIM. CORP., Sol« I ropi., COB MB. |
DILIGENCE IN THE
LINE OF REFORM
Comprehensive Programme
of the Panhandle Dis
trict Club.
A Special Meeting for Energetic
Action Called for Satur
day Night.
Protest to Be Hade Against the
Proposed Location of the
Pesthouse.
Now that the election is over and a new
set of officials are coming into power, the
efforts of the members of the Panhandle
and Ashbury Heights Improvement Club
are to be in nowise abated. On the con
trary, they intend to take up the work of
reform in public improvements with re
newed vi«or.
With the evident purpose of impressing
the incoming administration with the
importance of the work they have under
taken, and also with their sincerity and
good faith in the matter, all the evils that
they have sought to abate or eliminate in
their district will be brought afresh to the
attention of the new Board of Supervisors.
Already a special meeting has been called
for next Saturday, at which action is to be
taken in reference to some of the most
urgent improvements desired by property
owners and residents alike.
At this meeting it is proposed to formu
late a remonstrance in tne shape of a peti
tion protesting against the building of a
pesthouse on the Almshonse tract in ac
cordance with the resolution passed by
the Board of Supervisors at its last meet
ing. The grading of the Treadwell prop
erty, the neglect to lay sidewalks and
pave the streets in the tract owned by the
Beard estate, and the removal of the un
sightly, unused slots and tracks on Oak
street and the high fence erected on
Stanyan street by the Market-street Rail
way Company, will also receive attention.
It will be argued in the protest to be filed
with the Supervisors that the erection of
the Pesthouse on the Almshouse tract
would not only be a gross piece of in
justice and cruelty to the inmates of the
county poorhouse, but would be a sericus
menace to the health of all the surround
ing district.
in reference to the grading of the Tread
well property, a resolution will probably
be adopted appealing to the owners of
that tract to grade it, and thus keep in
line with the spirit of improvement so
generally manifested in this district by all
other holders of large tracts, who realize
the value of having their tracts in shape
to tempt intending purchasers.
The Beard-estate proposition is an old
grievance with the people of this district.
Repeated appeals and overtures have been
made to Mrs. Bear<l, the exeoutrix of the
estate, and also to her attorneys, to lay
sidewalks on the streets and pave the
roadways running through the property
of the estate, but hitherto without avail.
The reason given for inaction has been
that there were no available funds for
this purpose. The property in question
embraces most of the land situated be
tween Central avenue and Stanyan street
on the east and west, and Waller and Page
streets on the south and north respec
tively. On the part of the members of the
improvement club it is areued that a
proper application made to the Probate
Court will secure permission to sell suffi
cient of the jiroperty to provide the
needed funds. The court granted *uch an
application when it was necessary to
raise money to pay for street improve
ments ordered by the City, and it is
claimed that sidewalks and pavements
are equally important matters with sewers
and grading.
When the Market-street Railway Com
pany converted the cable line on Oak
street into an electric road it failed to re
move either the rails or the slots used by
the old line between Baker and Stanyan
streets. This the residents thereabouts
view with displeasure, as they not only
make the street more or less unsightly,
but are also an element of danger to ve
hicles, and a strong effort will be made to
have them removed at once.
They also look upon the high fence
erected by the same corporation along
Stanyan street, between Frederick and
Haiuht, as an obtrusive and unnecessary
precaution and will insist on its being
taken down. It is built on tlie sidewalk
and is a serious obstruction to pedes
trians along that thoroughfare.
Ti:e residents of all the section lying on
the south side of the park in the vicinity
of the Almshouse will be invited to join
the clnb in its work of progress, and the
meeting on Saturday night promises to
be one of the largest and most important
ever held under the auspices of the club.
MISS FIELD'S FUNERAL.
The Governor Will Send a Floral Piece
and a Special Guard ot
Honor.
The following dispatch was received
yesterday in reference to the action of
Governor Budd in regard to Miss Field's
funeral:
Sacramento, Dec. 24, 1896.
Preridcnt of the Press Club: The Governor will
send floral offering for Kate Field's bier and
v. ill twa peroouai representative present at
ceremonies. Local officers will call upon you
and Mr*. Hi?hton to arrange about troops.
R. L. Peeler, Asstitant Adjutant-General.
A similar dispatch was sent to Mrs.
Highton. It set forth ths,t the desired
arrangements had been made. Another
dispatch was to Lieutenant-Colonel John
F. Bergin of the National Guard of Cali
fornia. It said in part:
"Belect suitable floral offering to be
placed on bier of Kate Field. Extend any
courtesies on Governor's behalf."
The floral selection for the Governor is a
wreath of beautiful orchids and ferns.
Mr. and Mrs. Highton will give a mag
nificent cross of laurel leaves, eight feet
high, rising from a base of cailas. Woven
with the beautiful offering will be the
words "She is dead but still livetb."
It has been arranged that W. H. Mills
of the Southern Pac:tic Company will be
one of the pall-bearers. Mr. Mills was
long a friend of Miss Field. Tha pall
bearers will meet at Halsterv 1 << undertak
ing parlors, 946 Mission street, at 1:15 p. m.
Sunday. The exercises at Trinity Church,
Bush and Gough streets, will be?in at 2.
The music to be sung by tne Press Club
quartet will, it is stated be "Lead, Kindly
Light" (by Dudley Buck) and "Funeral
Chant" (by Smart). However, there may
be some modifications in the musical pro
gramme.
In Holiday Attire.
Major Fahey of the Cosmopolitan Hotel has
lavished Christmas decorations in hall and
doorway and has draped the bar in full holi
day regalia. The work was done by himself
and "Pop" Gleesou. Mistletoe tern's are the
principal feature of the decorations.
Had Four Turkeys.
George Sands was arrested on Powell street
yesterday morning by Policeman Connors and
was booked at the City Prison on the charge
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
of petty larceny. He had four turkeys In his
possession which it >vas supposed he had
stolen from the stall of John Zazzi in the Bay
City Market. Zazzi identified the turkeys by
a mark which he had made on them.
MRS. LONG IS FREE.
Granted a Divorce From the Young
Attorney After Two Months of
The merry holidays are being celebrated
in the Superior Court by an unusual flood
of divorce business, and the Judges are
showing a willingness to make homes
happy by granting the legal separations so
eagerly demanded.
The most noted case on the list yester
day was that of Florence Long against
Attorney James H. Long, the circum
stances ot the marriage and divorce at
tracting wide attention.
Some society gossip was caused by the
fact that witnesses who served at the i,onc
wedding less than two months ago also
acted as witnesses at the divorce trial yes
terday.
Oa November 4 Mr. Long secured a li
cense to marry Miss Florence .Marks of
1015 Goiden Gate avenue. The next day
the couoie were married by Judge Belcher,
and the ceremony was witnessed by Henry
B. Adler, a Diother-lii-law of the bride,
and Isaac L. Marks, a brother. On No
vember 6 Mrs. Long left her husband and
confided her troubles to her sister, Mrs.
Adler, who advised her to get a divorce
immediately.
It was deemed necessary to avoid a
scandal, so the services of Attorney Kowal
faky, who had lm law office with Long,
were enlisted. He was very raticent for
some time, ana finally filed a complaint
aheging that Lone had been guilty of acts
of iiilioelity on December 10. Yesterday
Long riled an answer denying the offense,
but when the case was called yesterday
morning by Judge Seawell he failed to put
in tin appearance, and offered no deiense,
Mrs. Long was the first witness, and
her testimony established the tact that
she had been married. Her brother and
brother-in-law told of the acts of Mr.
Loni and the court granted a divorce.
Margaret Seley was divorced from A. W.
Seley in Judge Hunt's court because the
defendant was convicted of a felony.
Seley was a clerk in a hotel and stole a lot
of money belonging to his employer. He
left the City, taking with him a young
woman. The couple lived in San Jose
under assumed names for several months,
but were finally discovered, and Seley was
compelled to pay the penalty of his crime.
His wife thougnt she was entitled to be
relieved from the sailing yoke of such
matrimonial thralldom, and in this the
court graciously agreed.
Other divorces were granted yesterday,
as follows: Annie West from Edward
West, for desertion; Mary J. Reilly from
Joseph William Reilly, tor wilful neglect.
Only one divorce suit was h;ed yester
day: Grace Hamilton against Walter J.
Hamilton.
STATE TARIFF NEEDS.
The Subject to Be Discussed in a Con
vention of Manufacturing Rep
■ resontativeg. . . '. •
The California delegation in Congress
has specially requested that all the manu
facturing and industrial bodies in the
State meet with the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce at 10 A. m. January 7,
1897. At this convention the tariff needs
of the State will be discussed in the fullest
detail. The Congressional representatives
state that heretofore estimates and infor
mation as data for legislation at Washing
ton has come from individuals rather than
representative bodies, and sucli sugues
tions savored more of personal interest
than of public needs.
It is the earnest desire that every im
portant industry will s^nd delegates to
the tariff conference. Not only should
the manufacturers be represented, but the
woo), fruit, coal and lumber interests as
well. County boards of supervisors and
agricultural societies are invited to be
represented. By this method it is thought
that all industries of the State will be con
sidered when the new tariff bill is framed.
THE BROOKLYN HOTEL
Few men on this coast are more widely
or favorably known than Charies Mont
gomery, who has made the Brooklyn
Hotel on Bush street one of the most pop
ular and successful in San Francisco. Its
high standard of respectability has made
it the favorite family hotel, and it is
largely patronized by the very best class
of people visiting the City. Its table is
one of its great features and it is not sur
passed by that of any hotel in the City.
The rooms are well furnished and well
kept and modern improvements are con
stantly being made. The rates are re
markably low as compared with other
first-class houses. For board and room
the charge is from $1 to $2 per day. It is
also conducted on the European plan at
from 50 cents to $1 50 per day. The hotel
runs two free coaches.
GEORGE GREEN'S DECISION.
Olympic Directors Will n<ad Affidavits
Krom the Judges of the Kjaii
and Hayes Contest.
On Tuesday afternoon next the direc
tors of the Olympic Club will pass judg
ment on a decision that was rendered in
the late boxing tournament by George
Green, by which M. Egan of the Manhat
tan Club was deprived of a prize.
It will be remembered by members of
the club who witnessed the tournament
that Egan and M. P. Hayes of the Olym
pic boxed four rounds and that Egan n<ul
much the better of the first three rounds,
with Hayes scoring a lead in the latter
round.
Phil Wand, who was one of the judges
of the contests, handed Re.eree Green on
a piece of paper bis decision, which was
in favor of Egan. Alexander Rosborough
of the Reliance Athletic Club, who was
the second judge selected, decided in
favor of an extra round or a draw if an
extra round was contrary to rule.
When Referee Green read the judgments
as rendered by the judges he, contrary to
all amateur rules, decided, without even
blushing, in iavor of Hayes. Esian looked
nonplussed and quietly remarked to his
seconds that it seemed p.s if an outsider
could not possibly get a decision in the
Olympic Club unless be knocked his op
poneut cold.
In justice to the Olympic Club, the gen
tlemen who officiated on that evening
were disagreeably surprised at Green's de
cision, and Director Howard P. Taylor is
determined that the directors shall prop
erly understand why Egan did not receive
the award.
Affidavits from Messrs. Ward and Ros
borough will be road at a meeting of the
directors next Tuesday afternoon and a*
the prizes hay« notas yet been distributed
to the winners it is very probable that Mr.
Egan will receive a prize in value eqiuilly
as good as tne on» he contested for. The
directors are determined that no profes
sional schemes shall be introduced to
militate against the very excellent ama
teur standing which the Olympic Club
enjoys. They favor equal rights and a
fair field to ail athletes who box under the
auspices of their club.
Burglary on Union Street.
The residence of Mrs. Louise Werner, 822
Union street, was entered by burglars Wednes
day night. They made a choice selection, in
cluding two bedspreads, some table-cloths
two nickel watches, some cheap jewelry, &
black cape and a ring. The police were noti
fied.
The Anditorsbip Contest.
The suit of William E. Deane against William
Broderick to test too right to the office of
Auditor will be heard by Judge Troutt to
morrow.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel. main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
BULLETS FLEW
IN A CROWD
Policeman Owen Has a
Lively Battle With
Mike Nolan.
An Exchange of Pistol Shots on
Grant Avenue, Near
Sutter.
William Abbott Amost Murdered by
the Rough, Who Was Finally
Arrested.
Police Officer Daniel Owen had a des
perate battle yesterday afternoon with
Michael Nolan, a Mission rough and petty
larceny thief, on Grant avenue, in which
five shots were fired. The shooting took
place near Sutter street about 1 o'clock
POLICE OFFICER DANIEL OWEN, Who Exchanged Shots
With Mike Nolan on Grant Avenue.
and the thoroughfare being crowded the
wonder is that no one was killed or seri
ously wounded.
Nolan was arrested and two charges of
an assault to commit murder were placed
opposite his name on the prison regisier.
The trouble came about in this way:
Nolan, who has been arrested many times,
has recently been spending his days and
nights in the saloons on Grant avenue
from Sutter to Geary streets. Yesterday
William Abbott, who Keeps a saloon at
No. 210, lost a couple of turkeys and his
barkeeper told him that he saw Nolan
steal the poultry. When Nolan returned
at 1 o'clock Abbotc accused him of the
theft and Nolan answered by calling the
saloon-keepar vilo names. Whether there
was an exchange of blows or not is not
established, as the witnesses differ.
At any rate Abbott told Nolan to return
the stolen property and threatened to call
the police. Nolan started to leave the
saloon, but Abbott seized him by the col
lar, and told the barkeeper to blow the
whistle for the police to arrest the fellow.
Quick as aflanh Nolan jerked away from
his captor, and at the same time drew a
revolver from his pocket and fired a shot
at Abbott, who was less than ten feet from
him, but the bullet missed the mark.
Officer Dan Owen was in M- E. Lasky's
pawnshop, next door, when the shot was
fired, and he ran to the sidewalk in time
to seize Nolan as he emerged irorn the
saloon. There was a struggle, tne officer
endeavoring to knock the revolver Jrom
the big fellow's hand.
"Give me that cun, Mike. You know
me. You know I am an officer," cried
Owen, but Nolan only shifted the weapon
to the other hand.
At that minute some of Nolan's friends,
who had evidently accompunied him to
the saloon, seized the officer and hurled
him backward. Nolan ran to the middle
of the street and Officer Owen started to
follow, but stopped on the ed-e of the
sidewalk for he saw the revolver leveled at
his head. A sharp report followed and
the bullet flew harmlessly past.
Nolan then turned and ran toward Sut
ter street and Owen quickly drew his
revolver and gave chase. People scattered
in all directions. The officer commanded
the fleeing man to bait, but again the
ugly blue weapon was pointed at him, but
only for a moment, when the felJow began
to run.
Owen saw that the sidewalk ahead was
clear and he fired a shot at Nolan's feet,
hoping to bring him down. The bullet
missed and only incr ased Nolan's pace.
Near the corner ol Sutter street the man
NEW TO-DAY-
KJnrfWO~BiBPS
-WITH ONE STONE!
«W Bu II %& B.« urn %P I%PiW am 8 .-; ■""
k i In" selebtlngr'yourl CHRISTMAS PRESENT buy something your WIFE,
DAUGHTER or SISTER REALLY NEEDS and which you will eventually
have to buy. Kindly, pay us a visit and we will assist you In finding some-
thing that will be JUST THE THING. I , . % ; ; -
We f still have a few left of those LADIES' RAINCOATS with <tO"QC
: Cape at v.^.:-;:vr.:;;...v:..v:;..;../.;:. ....... ;.,;...;. v «v;...v^.;;;»;;;^|P^'?r
LADIES' CORDUROY WAISTS, dressmaker made^ and lined <£A 7C
:•- throughout, regularly $6, f now at .....:..:..;.......... ......... <P~T « I *-*
LADIES' KERSEY JACKETS, I silk lined, velvet on collar, and <& If\ OC
never, sold less tnan $15, now at... v.v....r....:.. '.';;. ;.■".. .............. *piv/,
9i4MARK£TST.
turned and fired another shot at his pur
suer. Again he missed, but the buliet
struck some bard object down the street
and a part of it flew across the avenue and
struck M. L. Lasky, wno was watching the
affair from the door of his pawnshop. The
splinter of lead cut Mr. Lasky's wrist, but
the wound was not serious.
On the north side of Sntter street, the
officer again bred a shot at the fellow's
legs. The pursuit was kept up to Bush
street, where Nolan ran into tne arms of
Officer Webster, who was attracted by the
shooting.
Officer W. E. Dinan arrived about a
minute later and the fellow was disarmed.
In all five shots were fired, but the pawn
broker alone was bit.
The shooting caused a great deal of ex
citement, for at the time Sutter street and
Grant avenue were crowded with people
doing their Christmas shopping. Officer
Owen said he could have hit the fellow
in the body, but he did not think it ad
visable to elevate the muzzle of his revol
ver for fear that to miss bis man, which
was possible, might have resulted in the
injuay of some innocent person further up
the street.
Nolan was sent to the California-street
police station and two charges of assault
to commit murder and ono of petty lar
ceny were entered against him. He bears
a very bad reputation with the police,
having been arrested many times for all
kinds of crimes and offenses.
GAVE MANY GIFTS.
Christmas Celebrated at the Chapel of
the Holy Spirit.
' A Christmas festival at the Chapel of the
Holy Spirit on Jackson street was held
Wednesday night with a crowded house.
The large tree supplied not only the regu
lar attendants, but nil who were present
received a gift. This was the first service
of the kind ever held on Paciric Heights,
there beine no place of public worship in
that part of the City.
The work of both the Sunday-school
and church is making progress. The pas
tor. Rev. Oliver C. Miller, was the recip
ient of many expressions of heartfelt ap
preciation from his little flock, who also
expressed their gratitude in the more sub
stantial way of a purse. The organist,
Miss Emma Drevpolcher, was also remem
bered in a similar way. The programme,
though somewhat impromptu, was ren
dered to the delight of all present. The
pastor will preach a Christmas sermon this
morning at 9:30 o'clock; also next Sunday
at H o'clock, the subject being -'The Pen
tecostal Christmas."
UNIQUE CHRISTMAS TREE,
Good Samaritan Choristers Sing Old
• English Carols at the Falace
and Other Hotels.
About thirty choirboys of the Mission of
the Good Samaritan visited the vaiions
hotels last night and sang a number of old
English Christmas carols. The singing
was eood and was well received.
At the Palace, where the boys appeared
first, a large Christmas tree had been
erected, and the songsters gathered about it
in the Palace court The tree is about
forty feet high, and was beautifully llurui
nated with white, red and blue electric
lights. It came from the vicinity of San
Anselmo, was stated to weigh about 1200
pounds, and was the largest ever brought
here over the railroad.
The choristers sang for several minutes,
and then visited the Bella Vista, going
eventually to the Occidental and other
hotels, besides some other public places.
For several years past the choristers of
the Good Samaritan Mission have bean
accustomed to visit tne hotels and news
paper offices on Christmas eve. Their
singing last night was up to the usual
standard.
Prisoners Pleaded Guilty Yesterday.
Judge Wallace had a dock lull of prisoners
yesterday who decided to make easy work of
it by pleading guilty, whereupon the follow
ing sen teafces were imposed: Robert Fhelan,
burglary, five years in San Quentin; Joseph
Cosßrove, burglary, five years in Folsom; Wil
liam Cttllen, grand larceny (with six prior con
victions), six years in Folsom; Albert Richard
son, aged 15, and Nicholas Sorentino, aged 16,
were sent to lone Reform School until they at
tain their majority.
FAUSS IS NOT
YET CAPTURED
Steady and Careful Search
Being Made for
Him.
Twenty Years Ago He Was One
of the Best-Known Ball-
Piayers.
The Police Have Issu d a Circular
Giving a Description of the
Murderer.
A steady and careful search has been
made by detectives and policemen Bpe
cially detailed for David Fauss, alias "Lit
tle Dave," the murderer of Joseph Man
ning, but he is still at large. Every ave
nue of escape has been guarded, and his
capture is only a question of time.
An eye-witnes3 of the ahooting called on
Captain Lees yesterday and said he was
in the door of the saloon when he heard
the three shots fired. Fa-ass hurried out
of the saloon with the smoking revolver
in his hand, and turned into Minna street
toward Fifth, putting the revolver into his
pocket as he walked along. That was the
last seen of him.
Sophie Smith, the woman over whom
Manning, before his death, said the trouble
arose, was found in a "'dive" on the Bar
bary Coast early yesterday morning in a
state of maudlin intoxication. She was
taken to a lodging-house and will be asked
to make a statement when she is sober
enough to do so. She has for years been
known to the police as a dissolute woman
and has several times been arrested for
vagrancy.
Captain Lees has issued the following
notice to all the police stations and sent it
broadcast:
Arrest for murder David Fauss, alias Little
Dave, who murdered Joseph Manning at 112
Fourth street December 23. Description:
Height, 5 feet ß inches; age, about 50; weight,
ICO pounds; heavy chested and square-shoul
dered; dark swarthy complexion, dark brown
mustache; bow-legged; wore dark shabby
suit and dark box hat.
Fauss was a baseball-player and first
baseman with the Knickerbockers late in
the seventies and early eighties. He also
played with the O.vmpics iv Washington,
D. C, in 1871. In 1879 he played with the
Cincinnatis and came to this City in 1882,
playing with the Buffalos and Omahas
and has since then remained here.
Fauss lodges at cheap lodging-houses
and hangs around second-class drinking
saloons and fleeces "suckers'' with the aid
of a woman. According to the police
Manning and Fauss are believed to have
quarreled over swindling a "sucker" iv
the Knickerbocker saloon, 906 Kearny
street, on Monday night, which resulted
in the murder. Fauss accused Manning
of standing in with the woman against
him and they had a fight in the saloon.
Little is known about Manning. A few
NEW TO-SAT.
NONE BETTER (1-
THAN THE ' I fis\ < ..
I M L : lM [ ~
WHISKEY," H
Pot Up Specially for /Itl'^M
ASK FOR IT. pW|fliJij^3fa
JESSE I. LEVY H^SjII
CONTROLLERS, KWJWjfI
506 J9ARRETST., IKiwWWffWH
San Francisco. tt^jjjjgj^yjgj^^^
-V:,: KEV7 TO-DAT— AJTCSEMENTS.
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUSE
Jiss.l£bxkbi:sk KBExrNa, Proprietor js ilaaajar
TaDAY AT 8,
SPECIAL MATINEE! .
: ....OF : iVV ::'.''
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE!
"JACK
— -AND THE
BEANSTALK I"
SONG, DANCE AND HUMOR.
EVERY
Popular Prices. ...... 25c and 500.
• O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Friday), Deo. 85.
.Parquet, any seal, -'sc; italcony, any seat, 103,
.; ■■ . •■•.-■■■' •- - Children, 10c, any pare - - '
I An Unrivaled Christmas Vaudeville Feast
The Original and the only NILaStiN'S; EURO-
• PEAN a •RIAL BALLET and KIRALFY'S
UESPLENDENT BALLET PAGEANT. ' >.
The Grandest -Spectacle Kver Produced in this City.
;;■;-.•■;.■ . ZAZELL.*. AND VERMIN.
And a Great Bill of Comedy and Novelties.
i V Only 2 Nights More of Gallef.i's Monney Come-
-1 dians. ■■' •.■■■'■ -■-.-■ -' . ■
Grand Holiday : Matinee * Saturday . and
\;-- :\ '-: . Sunday. .•-....:■■. : - •-•„■
THE CHUTES. "
A. Merry Ohrlstmas !
«' FUN ALL DAY LONG.
; Afternoon : :
• Balloon" Ascension ■by : EMIT-.
BIAKKEBEKO. KOKTO shooting
the Chutes on Globe. 5-Mile Bi-
cycle Contest and Potato liace.
' EVENlNG— Anlmatoscope, I Korto and
Bicycle Contest. • ■ ■
ADMISSION : lOc. CHILDREN sc.
CIRCUS ROYAL. .
: People's Palace : Bui (tin?, Eddy ' and ' Mason sis.
iV " TO-NIGHTI TO-NIGHT:
! BIG SUCCESS-BIG SUCCESS
i the p. CADfiM ! THE
GREAT UhkHVlUll i GREAT
| '" . ■ King of Horse-Tamers. '. ;%.-' ,: ; .\.
I POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.;
I lOc, iiOc, ; 3Oc, 500. a -
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY >
Children's i- Christmas !■.» Tree: Festival
....WILIi BE HELD AT.... ■ V ■. , r '■■ ';r
SARATOGA HALL, Geary Street, "v
SATURDAY EVENING, DEC. 26.
! ; : ; KEW TO-DAT.
I "It will go i
! away after awhile."
i ■ ■ •■■ ■■ ■ ■''
! That's what ' people say when 1
• advised -to take something to (
cure that cough. ; j
■ Have you ever noticed that :
the cough that goes away after •
! awhile takes the cougher along ?
1 And he doesn't come back /
• ; : ■ /v;, '""" ' ' !
Ayer's
■ Cherry Pectoral !
I Cures Coughs. j
1
'
people south of Market street were ac
quainted with him, but few of them Knew
anything about his history other than he
claimed to have been an ex-baseball
player.
The police have searched everywhere for
a photo of Fauss, but have failed to find,
one. He is believed to be in hiding in the
City ana as he is personally known to sev
eral of the officers who are searching for
him he cannot, it is thought, possibly es
cape. .
> ♦ •
Free Ride* for the Children. ■ -
By the courtesy of the Park Commissioner!
there will be a free day . for children in the
park on Saturday, December 26. There will be
tree rides on the goats and donkeys, free
lunch, candy, etc. All the children of the
City are invited to the playgrounds on that
day. . , •_..•; . .
HEW TO-DAT. .
You would n't drink such
tea as you are now drink-
ing, if you knew what tea
can do/ and how cheap good
tea is.
Your grocer pays your
money back if you don't
like Schilling's Best.
' A Schilling: & Company
; ■ ' San Franrisrn f. 459
HEW., TO-JiAT—AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AiHAYMA.v&ca (Incorporated} .Proprietor
X A C2T"I 10 Nights
—\Jr\.^> X 5 Matinees
Matinee To-Day (Christinas Day).
Regular Matinee Saturday;
Regular Performance Sunday Night.
TheWORLO'S GREATEST SPECTACLE
C. B. Jeffkbsox, KLAW <fe EbIANGEb'S WO*
derful Production,
PALMER COX'S
BROWNIES!
Offering its many great features, Including:
The Flying Ballet ! . ,
■\ The Earthquake and Volcano!
Little Gertie Carlisle!
The Oriental Ballet of Beautiful Women
The Wandering Minstrels!
And the Great Hit,
DOT FUNNY (iKK.HAN BANDt
Seals now selling for all remaining performances.
fo)CDJWMftCOTTIOD<t'o>- a:io rwruMMi- • •
LA....... I "CHRISTMAS
MERRY I . ............
TO YOU All I
Come This Afternoon—Shake Hands With
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
And Enjoy the Charming Play, : •
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE
August in Daly's Only Perfect Comedy. :
Next Week ....A Great Triple Bill •
Seats on Sale.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE:
. WALTEfi iIOBOSCO...SoIa Lessee and Managae
A WONDERFCXi CAST,
In the Startling Scenic hevlval of the ; Great
Spectacular Drama,
"SHE!"
STIRRING SITUATIONS!
BEAUTIFUL. SCENERY!
SURPRISING MECHANICAL EFFifiCTS!
Christmas-Day Matinee on Friday.
£Tenln: Prices—lOc, 250 and SUo.
; Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Gl£cnrim
EVENINOS. CHRISTMAS MATINEE TO-DAY.
'"" The Sweetest Story Ever Told! — —
, Dickens' .Beautiful layl,
"THE CRICKET OS_THE HEARTH 1"
Order seats by telephone. Black 991.
Night—lsc, 26c 36c. 60c. Matinee—lsc, 25c, 38<V
BICYCLE RACES!
VELODROME,
BAKER AND FELL STIiEETS,
Christmas Day, December 25,1896,
-, AT 2 O'CLOCK SHARP.
VELODROME SHIELD RACE.
W. K. BECKER, Mineapolis, , *
, vs. C. K. DOW, Seattle,
%-Mile— Scratch—Professional.
1-Mile—Handicap—Prof
' y 3-Mile-Scratch—Amateur.
1-Mile—Handicap—Amateur..
; Chinese Handicap.
Music by Golden Gate Military Band.
."Vv_"'Admission——250 and sOc.
Reserved Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ~ •
Big Meet New-Year a Day. Jan. 1. 1897.
SUTRO_BATHS.
$1000 IN PRIZES!
Grand International Tug-of-War.!
IST©3:t ss-u.ixd«.y
; ':■ December <1, 18»6.
See Programme. . ,
America vs. Ireland.
Canada vs. Denmark. "".'
■ , Sweden vs. Norway. -
• ' Germany vs. Portugal.
 -■'-"■■ Italy vs. Slavonla. .'.•■•'
■ General Admission 25 Cents.
mm MiS^ RACKO
. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB ■
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97. ■.
Beginning: j Tuesday, November 16,
Racing Monday. Tuesday;' Wednesday,
y. \ .\'xb ursday, ■ Friday i and < (Saturday. .;
. t \ ' Ham or Shine.'.-;.
—-Kaoes'■■■Start '■ ac 2:15 r P. M.'•- Sharp—
i, FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
- Ferry 'i Boats l>-ave San Francisco at Vi M. anl
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30 and 2:JO p. m.. connecting wl:t»
trains stopptasc at the entrance to track, .
• Buy your ferry.tickets lo Berkeley." v - '
it Returning—l'raiiH; leave the TincH at 4:15 aal
4:45 f. m. and immediately after the last race.
; , THOMAS il. WILLIAMS Jit, frodidviMi
:^B.MILKOV,aecreUry. ■ v ■
78
POLICEMAN STEVE BONNER'S
BIG FEAT WITH A PISTOL
He Shoots at Two Children Going Home From a
Senior Class Dance at the Girls'
High School.
Ray Connell, Aged 17, Now Very
111 From Cold and
Fright
STRANGE CAST CF THE AFFAIR
Chief Crowley Investigating the Mat
ter—lt May Go Before the
Commissioners.
Policeman Steve Bonner has distin
guished himself, but he is far from happy
thereat. It is the manner by which he
lured fickle fame that is worrying the
august bluecoat.
Last Saturday morning Policeman Steve
Bonner overzealously pulled his embryo
howitzer from its receptacle in his hip
pocket and sent a bullet whizzing over the
heads of Kay Connell, aged 17, and his sis
ter, still younger. Bonner says he mis
took the children lor burglars, but Chief
Crowley shakes his head as dubiously as
an audience listening to one of Judge
Campbell's fish stories.
So the matter will probably be brought
before the Police Commissioners, and Mr.
Bonner, so handy with his little gun, may
have a chance to don civilian's clothes ior
tha rest of bis life.
The facts of the case, as gleaned from
the boy Ray and his sister, are as follows:
Ray "is a student in the Boys' High
School. Last Friday evening ffa- t c oc
casion of the senior class dance of the
Boys' High School, but the function took
place in the Girls' High School building.
Both Ray and his sister attended the
dance. It held rather late, and when they
left the building, shortly after 1 a. m., they
found that they had missed the last car,
and were obliged to walk home.
So they set out for home, talking and
laughing in high All went well
till they reached the corner of Oak and
Baker streets.
When they reached this point they were
suddenly startled by a gruff voice com
manding them to halt The night was
rather foggy, and they were unable to dis
cern the fact that the voice emanated
irom an officer of the law. They became
frightened and started to run. The girl
started to screaming, but soon ceased and
saved her breath for the race.
Up Baker they sped, closely pursued by
Bonner, for he it was. They never
glanced back to see who was in pursuit,
but ran for dear life, Bonner after them.
When the two frightened children
reached Page street they darted up that
thoroughfare, with Bonner stili in active
pursuit, until they reached their residence
at 13iO. Then they rushed up the steps
and through the doorway, the door hav
ing been left unlocke i for them.
Just as they started up the steps it was
that policeman Steve Bonner, who had
managed to draw his revolver while
sprinting, sent a bullet singing over th'nr
heads. He then slowed up and with the
mien of one who is conscious of a duty
well performed, leisurely sauntered back
to his beat.
The boy Ray had become so overheated
from the unusual exertion that he con
tracted a severe cold, which has since de
veloped into rheumatism, and he now
lies in a very precarious condition. In
fact, his case is so serious that bis mother,
Mrs. Charlotte Cornell, declined to have
him interviewed directly.
The girl is none the worse for her excit
ing experience with the exception of be
ing in an extremely nervous state of mind.
At first she was inclined to be hysterical,
but this soon wore off.
Mrs. Cornell is a widow in well-to-do
circumstances and is very indignant at
what has occurred. She is totally ■anable
to understand why Bonner should have
found it necessary to fire at tne children
when he saw them ascending the steps of
their residence.
A.s for Policeman Steve, he hasn't done
much talking. He douotless was con
vinced that the boy and his sister contem
plated a burglarious raid upon the dwell
ing under his very nose.
Another strange fact is that he did not
perceive that he was pursuing two fright
ened children when they passed under
the rays cast by the gas lamps.
As has been mentioned the Chief is now
investigating the occurrence, and the
natter will probably go into the hands of
the Commissioner-.
WEALTH FROM A FEW CENTS.
A Postage - Stamp Investment That
Yielded 8100,000
"I had always b >en a believer in the old
saying tnat 'Fortune knocks once at every
man's door,' " said Abraham White of
Boston, "and perhaps that may have in
spired me to invest that 44 cents in post
age stamps, out of which Mrs. White and
1 cleared up a little better than $100,000
profit."
It was in Chamberlain's that Mr. White
was being interrogated about what is to
him an old story now— (he bidding of him
self and wife on $1,500,000 of Government
bonds at the time Uncle Bam invited sub
scriptions from the Nation at large, in or
der to replenish the gold reserve. It is a
story, though, tbat will never lose its in
terest, says the Washington Post.
"I had never bought or sold a bond in
my life," said Mr. White, "but it occurred
to me tbat here was a chance to make a
few dollars with but littifl risk. Mrs.
White knew of my plans, and she had
been doing a little figuring on her own ac
count, put in a bid for a $500,000 allot
ment No other woman bidder was suc
cessful to tbat extent. Weil, our bids
went through all right, though J. P. Mor
gan and his associates thought they had
blocked my path by getting a treasury
ruling that the allotments were non-trans
ferable, and tnat the payments for the
bonds mutt come from* the original bid
der. As they had cost me on an average
• 111*1 and were worth immediately alter
119 1 had no difficulty in financing such re
munerative securities. I went into Rus
sell Sage's office, explained my mission
and came out with a check for $500,000,
with which I goi all the gold needed for
securing the bonds. That's about all
there is to it, and I'm afraid it has given
me a notoriety disproportionate to the
size of the transaction."
Mr. White is a man of about 30 years,
with an energetic and sparKhng manner,
and foil of good humor. He was born
and reared in Texas, and when but 16
years of age astonished the veteran cot
ton-buyers by his dashing methods of
operating in the fleecy staple. Ten years
ago he went to Boston and here wooed
and won a charming little Yankee
maiden, whose pluck ana wit were on a
par with his own. Since her good luck on
the bond transactions Mrs. White has
made for her.-elf not less than $40,000 by
judicious investments. Her husband was
not the penniless adventurer thai some of
the sensational statements that got into
print made. On the contrary, he bad
been earning a salary of $5000 a year as
the Eastern representative of the Armour
Packing Company, though at the time of
the bond deal he had gone into business
for himself.
Just a few days ago Mr. White executed
another exploit in the ssme line that
caused a goodly amount of talk in tne
New York papers. It was a bid on
Brooklyn bonds to the extent of $1,795,000,
in payment for which he gave a checu for
$1,895,000, the largest check that ever
passed through the hands of the City
Comptroller. On this he pocketed the
neat sum of $60,000.
EDWIN BOOTH'S ORDEAL.
His Arrest and Trip to Washington
After Lincoln's Assassination. - -
Very few persons are aware of the fact
that after John Wilkes Booth shot Presi
dent Lincoln Edwin Booth was practically
taken into custody by the agents of the
Government. He was released as soon as
an examination showed that he knew
nothing of the conspiracy. This story of
the affair is related by Ivory M. Blood :
"At that time Mr. Booth resided on
East Fourteenth street, near Broadway. I
was in the United States secret service of
the War Department, and had been de
tailed by Chief Baker to take Mr. Booth
into custody. It was after the assassina
tion ol President Lincoln, and Mr. Booth's
brother, John Wilkes Booth, the assas
sin, had been apprehended bj Baker's
men and mortally wounded by Sergeant
Boston Cor bet t in Mr. Garrett's barn in
Virginia.
'•Secretary of War Stanton and Judge
Advocate-General Holt, under whose in
structions I acted, wisned to question Mr.
Booth in regard to his knowledge, it any,
of the movements aid conversations of
his brother, John Wilkes Booth. Upon
my going to Mr. Booth's residence, the
doorbell was answered by a colored serv
ant. I told him that I wished io see Mr.
Booth. He went upstairs and upon re
turning said Mr. Booth wished to know if
I would not tell him the nature of my
business.
" 'No,' I replied. 'I must see him in per
son, 1 and I sent up my card.
"The servant returned to Mr. Booth's
room, and sbort.y afterward that eentle
man came down and invited me into the
parlor. I shall never forget his appear
ance. He was pale and haggard, greatly
agitated and trembling from head lo foot.
He had apparently an intuition tuat some
thing serious was to happen to him. When
seated, I opened the conversation by say
ing to Mr. Booth:
" 'You see by my card that I am in the
secret service, and" am obliged to take you
to Washington, D. C. If you wish to see
any other authority I have my papers in
my pocket.'
"With a tremulous voice he replied:
'No. I do not care about seeing them. 1
Several times during our conversation he
said: 'It is an awful thing.' 'It has dis
tressed me greatly.' 'I feel as if I was
going to die.' 'I cannot understand why
my brother did the terrible deed.'
"Mr. Booth wished to know if he could
give bonds, and I replied in the negative.
Then he asked if he could consult counsel,
and I told him he could under tne follow
ing conditions: That he must not leave
my presence; that he could not have any
conversation with any person, including
bis counsel, except in my hearing, and
that all such conversation would be strictly
confidential on my pnrt, giving him as a
reason that the nabeas corpus act was then
suspended, and that the Government did
not allow any private conversation where
parties were under arrest.
"Mr. Booth at the time had on his dress
ing-gown. He returned to his room and
came down wearing a black suit and silk
hat. and said he was ready to accompany
me to his lawyer on Wall street, whose
name Ido not at present recollect. Be
fore leaving the bouse I said to him that I
would not, as was customary, put the
nandcuffs on him, and that no one on the
street would know that he was under ar
rest, adding: 'You cannot get away from
me, because I am armed.'
'"I pledge myself aa a eentleman,' re
plied Mr. Booth, 'that 1 will not try to get
away.'
"I asked him if he had a pistol, and he
answered:
" 'I have not.'
"The servant was dispatched for a car
r ape, and upon its arrival we were driven
to the office ol Mr. Booth's counsel, on
Wall street. Mr. Booth asked me if there
was much excitement in Washington,
what I thought they would do with him,
and if any one thought that he had any
connection whatever with the tragedy.
"'I would rather die than go to Wash
ington,' he said.
"I replied that I knew of no one who
had intimated in the least that he had
been in any way connected with the
affair.
"On introducing me to his counsel he
said to him :
" 'Mr. Blood will tell you his business
with me.'
"1 told the lawyer that I was going to
take Mr. Booth to Washington by order of
tne Washington authorities.
"The lawyer declared that I had no right
to take Mr. Booth from the city, and if
there were any charges against him they
oiiL'ht to be tried by the United States
court ben-.
" 'The Government has authority,' I re
plied, 'to send any person to Washington,
and Mr. Booth is not the first person that
I have taken there.'
" "I don't care what you have done with
other people,' the lawyer exciaimed in an
angry tone, punctuated with an occasional
oath, 'I am here to deiend the rights of
Mr. Booth.'
" 'No one objects to your doing that,' I
responded, 'but I shall obey the orders of
the Government.'
" "I want,' continued the lawyer, 'to see
Mr. Booth alone.'
" 'You cannot do it,' was my answer.
" 'What are the charges against, and
what doe* the Government want with
him?' asked the lawyer.
" 'To exam.ne him as to when he saw
his brother last, and if his brother had
ever intimated to him any thin,- about the
assassination. The Government is not
going to spare any pains or expense to get
at the bottom facts of the affair.'
" 'If I should set forth Mr. Booth's
rights as a citizen under the constitution,
you could not take him to Washington,'
said the lawyer, with much aspersity of
language and a show of impudence in his
manner.
"I replied that I would take Mr. Booth
and the lawyer, too, if he interfered with
the orders of the Government, if it took
all the soldiers at Governors Island to
do it.
" 'Well, Mr. Booth,' said the irate coun
sel, turning to him as he sat in a chair in
his office, without talcing part whatever in
the foregoing dialogue, 'you had better go
with this man to Washington, and if you
need my services yon can telegraph me.'
"On being driven back to Mr. Booth's
residence luncheon was served to us, alter
which he changed his costume and had
seme things put into a satchel. We went
in the carriage direct to Debrosses
street ferry and took a train for Wash
ington.
"Upon arriving in Washington early
the next morning I turned Mr. Booth
over to Colonel Baker, after ha had break
fasted at an all-night restaurant, and after
v.c had waited a veral noun* at Willard's
Hotel. He was put through a course of
examination by Colonel Biker and after
ward taken before the Judge Advocrte-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
General. There were no discrepancies in
his two statements. After he hal been
examined by the Judg" Advocate-General
he was discharged. There was nothing
whatever in his statements to show that
he Knew anything at all about his broth
er's terrible act before it bad been perpe
trated."—St. Louis Globe- Democrat.
PARIS PRISONS.
In France a Person Is Deemed Guilty
Until He Proves Himaelf Innocent.
The prison premises at the Depot of the
Prefecture are very Insufficient, and it is a
blot on Paris that such a place continues
to exist without improvement. Any one
almost might be obliged to pass through
the ordeal of a night at the Depot Mis
takes have been made before now by the
French police; persons of undoubted re
spectability and perfect innocence, foreign
visitors in particular, have been arrested,
and when once in custody they cannot go
free until all the formalities have been
fulfilled. In France an accused person is
deemed guilty until he proves himself
innocent, and as this principle may press
very hard at times better arrangements
should be made at the Prefecture.
There is one little room set apart for the
better dressed of the captures brought by
Black Maria. This is called "Salle dcs
habits noir" — the room for decent coats —
to which are sent the outwardly respect
able. These favored folk, who have the
privilege of being crowded to the number
of thirty or forty into a very limited
space, are mostly clerks charged with
fraud, seeming swells who are really ad
venturers, forgers, embezzlers and the
like. There are a few separate cells, sev
enty-six for males and as many for fe
males, set apart for the top-sawyers in
crime, or those brought in under a Judee's
order ; but the rest of the aay ? s "takings"
are herded together, sometimes to the
number oi 200 or more in one great arched
The St Ignatius organ is one of the great ones of the world. I consider it the
finest and best church organ in America. I have opened nearly all the great cnurch
organs in the United States and therefore am familiar with them. The organ at St.
Ignatius is tbe most complete of any in its mechanical accessories. It is admirably
placed so that it sends out its full volume all over the church and produces the finest
effect. I scarcely took my fingers from the keys for three hours I was so pleased
with it.
Its action is electric. When its four banks of keys are all coupled the touch is no
heavier than w.ien only one manual is played. The voicing is superb and thoroughly
artistic. Several of the reedatops were imported from France. There is no other four
manual organ west of Denver. I consider the instrument exceptionally fine. There
are over eighty stops.
Musically it is entirely worthy of the mechanical part The specification is par
ticularly well designed. It is modeled after the great Colombian organ, which was
such a success at Chicago. One feature is the open diapason, thirty- two foot, which
has been made in California since tbe organ was brought here. It is a remarkably
effective stop. By one pressure of the pedal the entire resources of the organ can be
ODerated.
The crescendo and the decrescendo can be produced by the use of one pedal, and I
found the effect startling. The soft-to-full organ and the reverse can be played with
out taking the hands off. By the adjustable combination pistons between the man
uals any combination of manual and pedestal stops can be set and locked. Drawing a
piston locks the combination and gives perfect control of the organ.
The voicing of the reeds is characteristic. Remarkably rapid repetitions of com
binations can be made without robbing the organ of wind. The diapasons are very
full and dignified. To sum it all up, this is one of the greatest and finest organs in
the world. Clarence Eddt.
hall, with stone floors and wooden benches
— a big, dars, dreary and ill-ventilated
chamber, nearly always crammed with a
dirty, ragged mass of wretched humanity.
One or two narrow exercising yards give
some relief, but in bad weather the hail is
always full and at night the prisoners lie
closely packed on mattresses on the floor.
The prison sysLem in Paris improves
directly the depot is done with. An
accused person must either be released
within twenty-lour hours or be sent to
Mazas, the "trial" prison, where ail thus
committed await appearance in court.
The improvement means that he is now
lodged alone in a small, separate cell
where his friends and his advocate may
have access to him and he may prepare
his defense. Only in certain cases he is
kept "au secret," in absolute seclusion —
that is to say, seeing no one, speaking to
no one. The hand of justice is thus heavy
upon him for fear he should escape con
viction by planning some subterfuge or
manufacturing an alibi and false evidence
to support it. Whether "au secret" or not
he is continually harassed by the Jud^e,
who "instructs" or prepares the indict
ment, and whose business it is, by re
peated questionings, to elicit confessions
or admissions of guilt.
This, to English ideas, is taking an un
fair advantage of him, but in France the
system is carried still further, and it is
the custom for the Chief of the Detective
Police to visit accused persons in Mazas
once a week and talk matters over with
them. I have assisted at some of these
"Mondays in prison/a s M. Mace, an old
Chief, calls them in his book on the sub
ject. They appear quite friendly unoffi
cial interviews; alisitcozily together, the
prisoner and the police, cigarettes are pro
duced and the conversation at first is quite
general. But woe to the prisoner who is
not on his guard; a simple hint, a word
dropped casually, a change of face when
some doubtful detail In the affair is men
tioned, will serve to give strength to mere
suspicion and, perhaps, complete the case.
At one time a still more indefensible
practice obtained. If an accused person
continued obstinately dumb, he was given
a cell companion, a false friend, some
other prisoner known in slang talk as the
mouton, or la musique, whose role is that
of the spy, to worm himself into the
other's confidence, obtain revelation*,
thea betray him to the authorities. Oc
casionally a disguised detective has per
formed this dangerous and rather disgust
ing duty. Nowadays riarht-thinking
French judges are found who disapprove
of the practice, and it is seldom if ever
tried. The double cells used for the pur
pose still ex;st, but the association of two
prisoners is penerally reserved ior cases
where one of them shows suicidal or other
mania. — Casseil's Family Magazine.
Extra edition of Christmas Town Talk
.on sale at all newsstands to-day. The
regular weekly edition will be issued to
morrow morning.
In the Queen's household furniture and
tbe more permanent articles required in a
household are bought under tbe direction
of the Lord Chamoerlain, while the Lord
Steward undertakes the purchase of provi
sions and liquors.
GREAT ORGAN WILL
BE HEARD TO-DAY
Crowds of Eager Listeners
Will Visit St. Ig
natius.
Clarence Eddy Will Manipulate
the Keys and Show the
Instrument
The Famous Organist Says That This
Is the Finest and Best Church
Organ in America.
The great organ in St. Ignatius Church
will be heard to best advantage to-day,
under the skillful manipulation of Clar
ence Eddy. Thousands who attend the
services will critically listen. The opin
ion of Mr. Eddy is that this is the best
church organ in America and one of the
greatest and best organs in the world.
Mr. Eddy is known as the "organ opener,"
for the reason that wherever there is a big
organ to be exhibited Mr. Eady is gener
ally called upon to illustrate its capaci
ties.
Therefore Mr. Eddy's opinion, which is
given in a signed communication is enti
tled to, and will receive great weight.
The City and the church are to be con
gratulated upon the possession of this
noble instrument.
The best opportunity to bear the organ
will be this evening after vespers. It will
be heard at 5 a. it., 10:30 a. m. and also
after vespers. Daring the masses it will
be used effectively, and much of its power
and beauty will undoubtedly be made ap
parent, but only incidental to the service,
the exceptions being in the voluntaries
and the offertory.
But this evening, afrer vespers, where
there is practically no time limit, Mr. Eddy
will perform several great organ works.
The programme as made up yesterday by
Mr. Eddy is as follows:
Double theme varie (new), Rousseau (written
expressly for and dedicated to Clarence Eddy);
pastorale in £ (new), E. H. Lemare; andante
In D (new), Holllns; fantasie, op. 101 (new),
Saint-tiaer.s; sonata in C minor. No. 5, Gull
mant (dedicated to Clarence Eddy)— (l) Al
legro Appassionato, (2) Adagio, (3) Scherzo.
(4) Recitativo, (5) Choral et Fugue;
(6) Fueue in D minor (Louis Thiele; Saint Ce
celia Offertory in C minor (Edouard Batiste);
(a) In farad isum (In Paradise), (b) Fiat Lux (Let
there be light) (Theodore DuboisO. Suite Goth
ique, op. 28 (new) (L. Boellmann): I—lntro
duction, choral; ll— Menuet Uothique; III —
Priere a Notre Dame; IV— Toccata.
These are the selections, but the order
of performance may vary irom this. The
programme, as will be seen, embraces rep
resentative selections from the greatest
composer for the organ. The opening of
the great organ will be a musical event
not only for San Francisco bat ior the en
tire coast.
THE LOST CHORD.
An Incident of the Wreckage of Last
Spring's Flood.
The lost chord is found, rays the Lewis
ton Journal. It was lost last spring, went
gliding down the Amlroscoggin gracefully
but stealthily at dead of night, was arpeg
gated on the Rips and finally silenced in
the roar of the falls of Topsaxn. Bat there
is a funny side to the funeral, if you will
pardon the solecism.
Beside all the grotesque sights in the
way of floating indebtedness, I recall an
incident that occurred about ten miles
down river on the Lewiston side where a
party of would-be Lewistonians was stuck
in the frappe at the time.
I had jumped from the carriage for a
change for myself and the horses and bad
been wallowing along for some distance
when I saw a youngster just ahead who
was resting for a fresh effort toward
Lewiston, as I thought. To make sure I
inquired. "Yep," came tba answer. I
then looked at him more closely and saw
that he was braced up in a new store suit
of the hopeful size, with the trousers
turned up to clear a big pair of boots tbat
belonged probably to his big brother. He
seemed to be afraid of me (I wan a sight)
or else embarrassed because I was the first
one to see him in long trousers, although
they were turned up. Tbe inquisition
proceeded. "Why are you going to Lewis
ton?" No answer; a study in boots. I re
peated the question mechanically, being
absorbed for the moment in recovering
from the mud my nether limbs, which
were slowly seeking the center of the
earth.
"I'm going up ter Lewiston to see the
bridge," was the stout answer. "Where
do you live?" I remorselessly continued.
"Ov'r there," this time with soft blubber
ing which I pretended not to hear, so
much had my own sufferings hardened
me. I looked over there end saw close by
the river's bank a snug little place which
was one of tbe best grandstands to view
the wreckage of tbe bridge that could be
had. "You want to see the bridge?" I
was gettine mad. "The bridge has gone
out, you little ." Loud blubbering
followed, the little feilow turned in his
boots for Home and the last I heard was
the tear-choked accents in the distance,
"I want to tee the bridge."
THE BEARD IN HISTORY.
Pogouotomy, or the Gentle Art of Self-
Shaving.
The practice of pogonotomy, the bar
bers say, is every year becoming more and
more widespread. Pogonotomy is what
the Greeks used to call the gentle art of
self-shaving. Some people shave them
selves because they wish to save time,
others to save money. But the fashion of
going smooth-shaven is steadily increas
ing, and it is quite probable that within
another five years beards and mustaches
will be still less in vogue than they are to
day.
The decadence of the- beard among civil
ized races and the reason for its disappear
ance aie interesting things to trace. Long
ago a luxuriant beard was thought to be
token a high degree of holiness or wisdom.
Even now the believers of the Koran
reverence the beard, and swear by that of
their prophet. Bat it would seem that in
this very idolatry of the beard lay the
cause of its downfall, for the possessor of
a handsome beard was prone to vanity,
and was likely to spend so much time in
decorating it that he ran the risk of neg
lecting more important matters. So the
church and state, then closely joined, de
clared against it. The French swells of
less than 200 years ago used to crimp their
beards, twine them with threads of gold
and hang them with pearls. Philip of
Valois, who was one of the leaders of
fashion of his day, used to tie golden
acorns in his beard.
The result was that popes and monarens
Degan to issue bulls and edicts against
hirsute appendages, sometimes with tem
porary effect, and sometimes with none
at ail. Pope Leo IX and Gregory VII
anathematized the beard, and this means
that they cursed it root and branch, for a
papal anathema in those days was some
thing sweeping and terrible.
In the army the first reason for abolish
ing the beard was that of cleanliness. Ud
to the time of Alexander the Great the
Greeks were a bearded people, but tbat
ruler made every one of bis Grecian sol
diers shave. The Komans, too, made
shaving obligatory in the army, and there
were few beards or none among the civil
ians.
The beard was then considered to be the
characteristic featuie of the barbarian.
The fir? t Roman whom history records as
having shaved every day was Scipio, the
conqueror of Africa. In later times Peter
the Great of Russia made an attempt to
banish the beard from his half-civilized
dominions, but achieved only an incom
plete victory, and at one time even endan
gered his throne by the maintenance of
his decree. William the Conqueror was
anotuer great commander who would
have no beards about his court or among
his soldiers. In France in 1553 all the
lawyers were forced to go clean-shaven,
and c ight years later the clerks lost their
beards by law.
And so the barber's trade has grown,
but now they themselves acknowledge
that their ranks are swelling taster than
those of their customers. In times of
financial prosperity the barbers' pockets
bulge with coin, but when business is de
pressed, they say, their customers by the
score shave themselves.
No one would think of matcing the mod
ern barber a hero of romance, Lika the
barbers who flit through the pages of the
"Arabian Nights'' or "Gil Bias." It
would be hard to fancy that tbe ancestor
of the man who shaves you to-day and
tries to force on strangers all sorts of
tonics for the hair and other costly and
impossible things was perhaps he who in
spired tbe shears that subdued Samson. —
New York Sun.
CARISBROOKE CASTLE.
The Apartments From Which Charles
the first Attempted to > •cap--.
As a memorial of the late Prince Henry
of Batten berg, governor of the castle. Car
isbrooke Castle is 10 be fully repaired. By
some considered of Roman, perhaps
British, origin, the castle was captured in
530 by Cardie, who gave it to his nephews.
Stuf and Whitgar, the latter o.f whom re
built it. The fort was enlarged by William
Fitz-Osborne, first lord of the island, and
in "Doomsday Book" it is cited as occu
pying one virgate of ground. Some Nor
man masonry remains at the northwest
angle and in the Mountjoy tower.
The castle assumed its present
aspect in the reign of Queen Eliza
beth- She built the outworks with a
moat and replaced the principal gate,
above which is "E. R., 1508," employing
for engineer the Italian, Genebella, who
had fortified Antwerp. Tde keep stands
on an artificial mound ascended by seventy
steps. One may yei see the ruins of the
apartments occupied for some fourteen
months during Colonel Hammond's gov
ernorship by Charles 1, from which Jie
twice attempted to escape, and where his
children were imprisoned after his death.
The Princess Elizabeth's gravestone,
inscribed "E. 8.," was found, in 1793, near
the altar of Newport parish church,
wherein the Queen erected a monument
to her memory forty years ago. St Nicho
las* Chapel was rebuilt in 1739. It be
longed once to Quarr Abbey. Near the
Castle Hill are traces of the Cictercian
priory, founded by Fitz-Osborne, who
built also the parish church of what was
formerly Wightgarisburgh. On the hill's
south slope by the village street stands
the Roman villa; another is at Morton,
on the remoter side of Brading-Down. —
London News.
Eating Up an Estate.
The New Orleans Times-Democrat de
votes several columns to an exposition of
the exorbitant claims presented against
the estate of tne late Fanny Sweet of that
city. The highest court of the State re
cently decided tbat the rightful heirs to
the estate were a brother in San Francisco
and a sister at Huntington, W. Va.. and it
was saiii each would come into possession
of $100,000 worth of property. But a re
port to the court having charge of the
estate shows its gross value to be a little
over $54,000. But for the interference of
the Judge there would have been nothing
left for tbe heirs, as claims for enormous
fees were pat in. These the Judge cut down
in a summary manner, which will leave
perhaps, $40,000 to be divided between the
two heirs. As an evidence of the large
claims put in, and the paring process 10
which they were subjected by the Judge,
the following may be mentioned: One
attorney claimed $12,000, and was allowed
$100; one notary public who made a win,
which the conrt declares was no will at
all, asked $250, got nothing; another no
tary made a claim for $2000, got $250; the
undertaker claimed $1408, got $550; a
woman, for services and meals, fought for
$1500, and was awarded s2oo; one physician
claimed $1703, and was awarded $6; an
other physician asked for $1500, but the
court considered that there was no evi
dence to show that he was entitled to any
thing; an amanuensis claimed $10,000 for
alleged services, and he gets nothing, and
so on almost throughout the entire list.
Baltimore Sun.
FROM DESK
TO PULPIT
Reporter Bolce Will Be
come the Pastor of a
New Church.
To Be Founded on New Lines,
Freed From the Subtleties
ot Creed.
The Cosmopolitan Church Is the Name
Selected for the New Organi
zation.
Harold Bolce, for some years • well
known Oakland and San Francisco re
porter, has begun a movement to organize
what he terms the Cosmopolitan Church
in San Francisco. He will be the pastor.
Mr. Bolce recently traveled in Europe,
accompanied by his wife, and was corre
spondent for a New York newspaper dur
ing the recent trouble in South Africa,
where he was at the time. He is a native
son, and attended the State University.
He studied theology three years, however,
under Professor Joseph French Johnson
of the University of Pennsylvania.
The idea of the new church is the estab
lishment of a new society without a creed,
or as Mr. .bolce puts it "to promulgate
the teachings of Christ without the sub
tleties of theology." The articles of incor
poration call for "a religion that vrill rec
ognize the idea of beauty in the varying
religions and philosophies of mankind."
Mr. Bolce was born near Haywards and
belongs to Oakland Parlor, Native Sons of
the Golden West. While none but his
most intimate friends have known of his
clerical tendencies, Mr. Bolce has, in fact,
been preparing for tbe ministry for ten
years.
After graduating at the Oakland High
School he attended Dwight L. Moody's
theological school at Mount Vernon, Mass.
Ha then returned to Cali.ornia, where he
pursued hi? studies at the State Univer
sity, meantime doing newspaper work of
so high a grade as to bring him consid
erable tame by reason of his pure English
and charming style.
He went East about a year ago and made
a hit on the Inter Ocean at Chicago, fol
lowing it with succees on the St. Lonis
Globe-Democrat He is well known in
Washington, where he was for a long time
NEW TO-DAY.
PHYSICAL MANHOOD.
Some Points on the Development of True Manhood
by Electricity — Why Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt Is the Only Sure Remedy for the
Recovery of This Vital Power.
- . ><-* 'THE FIRST INDICATIONS
s^r-ffil^ffißSftfc^ 1 of a wasting vital force, the
s r^flffl^. first evidence of a weakness,
, ; .; fe^eg. _\j(B'i» ma mean the total collapse of
fsj^&h'y' " "filils " : all sexual and mental vigor in a
/^^Bjk jMgjp few years. It is daugerous to\
_m«_,j^t *w^ treat this symptom with mdif r
it' \gr^ j^[ z£%// ference, to suppose that it means
l^J /Qs^siil^^Jz/ nothing. It means a great deal.
. j^T^^M. jj|r It is the forewarning of com-
a-_ mJ plete exhaustion that is coming.
<^^HylSßfe2jjf^ffiP'' It tells of the result of past fol-
lies, excesses and overexertion
■ ' n •■ of mental, physical or sexual
powers. It means that you are beginning to fail,. and swift is the
course of destruction once started. Like the serpent's warning,
it should urge prompt action. Effective means of checking the
waste and restoring the power lost can be found in electricity.
Vital force, animal magnetism, is infused into the failing nerves
and organs from DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. There
are thousands of vigorous men to-day who owe their recovery
solely to Dr. Sanden's Belt. It gives steady, soothing currents
of electricity into the weak parts, reviving the vital powers and
restoring a healthy and vigorous manhood.
Don't you think you are missing the best part of your life
by living it in misery through. the want of that which makes
life a pleasure ?
The following are extracts from letters recently received :
"I had a continual pain in my back and up my spine for three years, until I got
my belt of you. I put It on at night and it save me relief at once. I can now sleep
sound, which I could not until I got your belt. I shall always speak well of it,"
writes A. B.Uraves, 214 North Third street, San Jose, Cal., December 8, 1896.
"I was troubled with ray stomach for more than ten years with terrible pains and
vomiting, besides other general weakness. Since usin? your belt, which I got last
February, I have been free from all those troubles. I consider it a grand thing for
those in need,'.' writes M. C. Beckwitb, Fresno, Cal., November 25, 1896.
"At the time I bought your belt I was so nervous and sbaty that I could not do
any work without feeling perfectly exhausted. :-I had .what is called Nervous Debility
from excessive drinking and sexual excesses. I was practically on my last lees. My
powers (Were all gone and I was a wreck. I had spent over $300 for drops, without the
slightest benefit, when I sotyour belt. . I felt an improvement as soon as I applied it,
and I continued improving until now I feel as strong and well as ever I did in mv
life. I feel grateful to you for what your belt has done for me," says H. /
Knowlton, 621 Kearny street, San Francisco, December 8, 1896. ' 'i
, "Fifteen years ago I was hurt by a fall, injuring my spine and weakening my
whole system. My sexual power was gone when 1 got your belt last April. I was so
weak I could not stoop to lift anything. I felt better in three days after putting the
belt on. and in two months my power was entirely restored. I was entirely cured,"
says 8. H. Austen, mate ship Huenerae, San Francisco, December 2. 1896.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt offers you new, fresh proof of its
cures. There are no claims of cures made five or ten years ago,
but to-day. . Every day brings new ones, and right at your doors. .
Would you believe it if your closest friend confided to you
his cure by a certain remedy ? It is a modern remedy, up to
date, and cures when the old ideas fail.
Simple ? As simple as two and two. It is electricity.
"Electricity is life." It is nerve force. By excesses or errors
you ; waste nerve force, and Dr. Sanden's Belt renews.it.
■ Even electricity is useless -if ; not intelligently applied. Dr.
Sanden has devoted twenty years to close study of the nerve and
sexual forces, and even if other belts \ fail his treatment will cure.
_" Cheap, clumsily-made electric belts are like cheap jewelry.
You think you are getting a high-class article at a low price, but
your experience tells you that you pay for twice what you get.
_, Don't hesitate to write to Dr. Sanden because at a distance.
Two days from the time you write will bring you an answer with
full information concerning his wonderful Belts. Hundreds of
people in California have discarded all other treatment and are
now using Dr. Sanden's- Electric Belts with pleasing success.
A permanent cure is guaranteed or money refunded in, all
weaknesses of men. A pocket edition of the celebrated electro-
medical ; work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free, v
sealed, by mail on application. Every young, middle-aged on
old man suffering the slightest weakness should read it. It wily
point out an easy, sure and speedy way to regain strength and
health ; when everything else has failed: Address
S»-A-3XrX33E33>a" BrjBOTRIO CO.*
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANClSCO-
wav^rtun^ 8 Ai^.;taB:3oP;M.; Suidays.lO -1. Los Angeles Office 204 South Broad
not? Or - 253 Washington ifeet -. ,
*.OTIS.-M»jte no mistake la the nuiaber-QSS Market street
editor of the Spokane Spokesman. Mr.*
Bolce was married two years ago to Miss E
B. Kline, a sister of Miss Rolinda Kline,
who is now studying music at Floreuce,
Italy. She formerly sang here.
The purpose of the ne* church, accerd
ing to Mr. Bolce's ambition, is to rnrfc
tute a practical plan by which the brouMw
doctrines of Christianity may be tau^b^
on a basis not incompatible with modern,
thought. _^^_____^^_
ON THE TAIL OF HIS COAT.
A Man DUUkea to Have Any One Sit
"Ever notice how much a man dislikes
to nave any one sit on his coat skirts in a
streetcar?" asked the observant man as ha
olded his paper, according to the Detroit
Free Press.
"Because it will crease his coat?"
"No, I never thought it was that It's a
sort of natural impatience at being held
down. Then, the offender is nearly al
ways a woman and nothing short of aa
earthquake will move a woman in a street.
car. I always hold the skirt of my coat
around me and watch for emergencies.
But I saw a lunny thine the other day. £
woman who weighed 200 sat down on a
man's coat just as he was going to snatch
it away. The poor fellow fidgeted, out it
was no use, he might as well have been
nailed to the seat of the car. When he
reached his street he said to the woman
as he tried to edge away:
" 'Will you kindly release my coat?"
"She was deaf, it appears, for she never
budded a step.
" 'You're sitting on my coat, madam I 1I 1
••'What does he mean?' she said to tha
car generally. 'What does the man
want? 1
"The conductor explained to her and
she rose as tbe man snot through the door
to tbe sidewalk.
" 'Why didn't he say what he wanted T'
she asked. 'I thought be asked me some
thing about a goat'
"Now you notice and you'il see how it
annoys a man to be pinned down In that
way. Women don't seem to care, for I've
seen one of them sit on some oth«;r
woman's new gown or cloak and iMa
wouldn't seem to mind it a bit ButfMj
different with men." r f"
A Canal to Develop Horsepower.
A scheme to develop 100,000 to 200,000
horsepower by building a canal from the
St. Lawrence River to the Grass River in
St. Lawrence County has recently come
to llghu It haa taken long months of
work on the part of the men who were
pushing the enterprise to secure the neces
sary capital. It is now understood that
the; have managed to place bonds with
certain English capitalists, and the work
on tbe proposed canal will begin at once.
The St. Lawrence is to be tapped two
miles below the southern end of Long
Sault Island, and the canal will run over a
comparatively level plateau till it reaches
a drop of about 40 feet at Massena, on the
Grass River. Here the turbines will be
put in, and an electric plant will be erected
to generate the horsepower. The canal
will be about four miles long, 300 feet wide
and 25 feet deep if it is decided to obtain
only 100,000 horsepower. John Bogert,
tbe consulting engineer, estimates the
cost of such a waterway at $1,000,000.A DAY OF DAYS
FOR CHILDREN
Many Christmas Purchas
ers Throng the
Streets.
Unique Scenes in a* Mild Clime
During the Holiday
Season.
Thousands of Men, Women and Chil
dren Buy Gifts to Make Their
Friends Happy.
No c\ty in America, and few spots on
the gloDe, offer such picturesque and
unique scenes as those witnessed in San
Francisco during that happy season re-
vercd in every Christian land as tbe time
vifcen all men extend good wishes toward
their fellows.
There were many features of the season
yesterday that impressed themselves on
the minds of observers as peculiarly San
Franciscan. In other climes men, women
and little children battle with winds,
scows and boreal temperatnres, ranging
tthe way from the freezing point to the
;>ng blizzard that means death and in
lvenience; but here all day yesterday
; streets were crowded with children
clad in fabrics so thin that tbey would be
called spring garments in the East, the
sties were sunny and the temperature so
mild that a shorn lamb would not have
caught pneumonia had it wandered with
Mary all day, viewing the toys and good
things of the season diyplayed from a
thousand gayly decorated windows.
There were many unique features in the
displays of yesterday, things that could
pot be witnessed in any other large Amer
ican city. By reason of the ocean and its
great variety of fishes the markets af
foraed a wonderful display oi the fruits
of angling.
A market on Clay street presented the
unique spectacle of a Christmas tree laden
witu fishes, showing all colors, s:zes and
shapes, many being bedecked with feath
ers, trimmed with necklaces of shrimps
and crabs and ornamented with sprigs of
green and bunches of pretty flowers.
Thousands thronged the streets, and
many elegantly attired ladies and little
children stood before rich show windows
or viewed the wares of venders who stood
on the streets proclaiming the virtues of
their goods.
One of the great features of the day was
noticed in the preparations of the Salva
tion Army for a Christmas dinner. Their
charity has brought joy to many hearts in
years past and promises to make many
nappy to-day.
Old men with dolls and monkeys on
sticks marched eravely down the crowded
streets, hurrying home to have Santa
Ciaus on time for the only grandson or
gjanddau hter on earth. Fat ladies of j
dignified mien hurried along with Ira- I
peluous pace, carrying toy balloons and !
great bags of odd-looking things to make j
the little. ones at home busy lor a day.
In lieu of flying snow and whistling I
winds of winter, a balmy day bathed alii
in its opulent lights, the mild December |
sky brooding benignly over land and sea, ,
a symbol oi the doctrine of peace on earih '
*ikl goodwill amoag m -n.
The contagion of holidays is marked
among the populace in this cosmopolitan
.City, where races from every land mingle
.4 with those of every other ciime.
Even the Chinese ca;ch the spirit of the
season. Their children, who know noth
ing of tbe day by old tradition, catch the
spirit by Infection, dreaming of sweet
meats, toy balloons and bonbons as if
tbey had been to tbe manner born. Thus
ail over the City strange races met in a
common spirit and prepared to celebrate
the day wnich comes but once in a year
as a fulfillment of the dreams of tne other
361, disappointing many and bringing joy
to others regardless of race or creed.
JOHANNESBURG IS BOOMING.
Money Comes So Easy There That
Prices Are Out of Sight.
"Money comes so easy in Johannesburg
that prices are inordinately high find one
has to pay almost double lor every arti
cle of merchandise as compared with
prices In England or America," eaid Mr.
Arthur Hodgson, a young Englishman
bojourning at the Ebbitt, who recently
spent some time at the famous South
African mining camp. "The shopkeepers
are reaping a rich harvest. For they
hardly make less than 100 per cent profit
on everything they sail, and on many
thint;3 twice that much. A ereat many
people who object to being thus bled by
the tradesmen send home lor their sup
plies, and find it more economical to do
co, even after paying transportation and
duties.
•'But as the majority of the citizens
make big wa^es they do not grumble
over ttje extonion. In fact, everything
is on a boom basis. Land is held at a
valuation in excess of realty in London,
and £ouse rents are frightful. While
I was over there a corner business lot,
about 50x50 feet, improved by a very or
dinary frame structure, was sold for $150,
-i O'J, and the purchaser expected a return
of over 10 per cent on his investment.
Everybody admits that present values are
abnormal, and that prices must ere long
reach a lower level.
"Meanwhile, new houses are going up
like magic, and the supply doesn't naif
meet the 'lemand. Skilled workmen are
scarce and get very hieh wages. The town
has a population of 50.000 now, and the in>
dications are thai it will have twice t at
number in the next five year3."—Wash
ington Post. _
SHAWLS OF SHETLAND.
A High Decree of Art Employed in
Weaving Them. ,
Putting aside other branches of Shet
land hosiery, the Shetland shawl may be
roughly divided into two classes —
"shawls" and "clouds." It is unnecessary
to explain the nature of the shawl, but
there may be a few persons who know not
that a '"cloud" in northern language is
but the small, elongated form of shawl,
and is a wrap in great request for evening
wear by tbe ladies of London and the
world. Of these shawls and clouds there
are, technically speaking, three distinct
kinds: . .
First, the most elaborate and expensive
is that which is known as "crape work,
in which tbe knitting is so delicate as to
resemble in appearance the most finely
interwoven rauze wire. Next in quality
and value to tnis is the "lace work, the
name of which explains its nature.- Ihe
third sort is that of the far coarser shawls
and clouds known as "hap." The last are
much heavier in weight and rougher in
texture. Yet in *ome of them the differ
ent shades of color form a most beautiful
—f She'll is the art employed Jn their weav
ing that the graduations of tone merge
themselves almost imperceptibly one in
the other. And this is more remarkable
from tbe fact tnat the Shetlander is not
fond of "dyes" and only uses them to ren
der salable a piece of hosiery that has, so
to speak, gone wrong.
The colors are the natural ones of tbo
sheep— the black*, browns, grays and all
wnites of their wool. Only in Fair Isle,
midway between Shetland and Orkn»v, is
this rule departed from. There, it is said,
some vessels of the Spanish Armada were
stranded during the fleet's unwilling prog
ress round the iiorih of Scotland, and
nearly 200 men sought the hospitality of
the islanders. A portion of these the lat
ter, surreptitiously or otherwise, threw
over the cliff. The rest they kept and
were taught by them to extract from herbs
certain dyes, such as color-loving South
rons reveled in, and. to apply them to their
hosiery. The result is that to-day the Fair
[«le sfiawis and stockings contain checks
and lines so g mdy as positively to sully
:he general somberness or the treat island
uJustry.— Pall Ma t Gazette.
— — • — « — •
WHERE BOONE'S MEN DIED.
What Was Disclosed by a Landslide in
Kentucky.
The heavy rains last week caused on
Flat Top Mountain a landslide which has
brought to lignt what appears to have
been the last resting place of the long-lost
Finley and his party, who came to Ken
tucky with Daniel Boone in 1769, and
disappeared from camp and could never
be found.
The mountain on which the landslide
occurred is about four and a half miles
from Laynesville, on Big Mud Creek,
Floyd County, Ky. Charley Akers, 18
years old, went out sauirrel hunting after
the storms. He went to this mountain
and noticed the change in its contour.
About one-third the way up be came to a
large cave, with an entrance twelve feet
in diameter.
Young Akers, who is a daring young
fellow, gathered some pitch pine knots,
made a torchlight and went into the cave
about, 100 yards. He came upon an inte
rior entrance and followed it about fifty
yards. Then he came into a large room
about fifty feet square, and here he came
upon the skeletons of human beings and
of horses. The young man was so badly
frightened that he beat a hasty retreat to
his home, and there told what be had
found. Few would believe it at first, but
several men who knew him gave credit to
his story and went to see what there was
in i>. Young Akers piloted them to the
cave. When they came to the entrance of
the laree room where the boy had seen
the skeletons their hair rose, for before
their eyes lay the skeletons of five human
beings and six horses. The explorers ex
amined the skeletons, which were ihose of
men who had died violent deaths.
Three of the sice etons are of men who
must have been 6 feet tall or more; the
other two men were about 5 fed 6 inches.
It looked as if they died while fightiner for
their lives. Two of the skulls were split
open as if with an ax or tomahawk. In
one of the skeletons the back and two
ribs next to the heart were broken and in
another the bead was missing. The other
two skeletons had buliet holes throu h
the heads, one in tn- right temple and
the other in the forehead.
Nearly a quart ot battered bullets were
found near the wall of the room, besides
numerous Indian arrow beads. Nothing
could be found to identify the dead men
positively. The skeletons of the horses
lay in a semicircle, which seems to indi
cate that tbe torses were killed and used
as a breastwork. Each of the horses had
a bullet hole in the right temple.
It is supposed that these skeletons are
the last remains of the Finley party, who
wandered off from tbe Boone camp on
Licking River in the winter of 1769, and
that they lost their way, and in their wan
derings came to this cave, wbere they
were attacked by Indians and killed. It
seems as if there was a landslide long ago,
which covered up the mouth of the cave.
The oldest settlers say their fathers used
to tell them about this cave before tbe
mouth of it was covered up. The old set
tlers said it was haunted.
This mountain is not very steep, but is
more than 1000 feet high, and owing to
the recent heavy rains the loose <iirt be
came soaked with water and nearly the
whole mountain side bad slipped about
100 yards, uprooting everything in its
downward course and revealing its secrets,
which bad been closed for over a century.
People from miles around go daiiy to
iook at tbe skeletons, which have been
moved to a schoolhouse aoout a miie from
tbe cave. A large party o. m«n will ex
plore the cave and find out whether it
holds any more s crets. — Pikeville Dis
patch to New York Sun.
SETTING THE RIVER ON FIRE.
Origin of This Popular^and Expressive
....-■ ■■ i. .■ , - Phrase- • '-■: -'-..-.
Sometimes when a person wants to
make an unpleasant remark in a pleasant
sort of way about a dull boy he will say,
"That boy wiii never set tbe river on fire."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
What Christmas Means to Some People*
Now, that is all very true, for even the
smartest man in tbe world could never set
a stream of water on fire, and so perhaps,
many of you who have heard this expres
aion have wondered what is meant by set
ting the river on fire.
In England many, many years ago, be
fore tbe millers had machinery for sifting
flour, each family was obliged to sift its own
Hour. For doing this it was necessary to
use a sieve, called a temse, which was so
fixed that it could be turned round and
round and round in the top of a barrel. If
it was turned too fast the friction would
sometimes cause it to catch tire, and as
it was only tbe smart, hardworking boys
who could make it go so fast as that, peo
ple got into the way of pointing out a lazy
boy by saying that he would never set the
temse on fire.
After a while' these sieves went out of
use, but as there were still plenty of stupid
boys in the .world people kept on saying
that they would r never . set the temse on
fire. Now, the name of the River Thames
is ' pronounced * exactly ; like the word
"temse," and so, after many years, those
persons who had never seen or heard of
the old-fashioned sieve thought that "set
tine the temse on fire" meant setting the
River Thames on fire. This expression
became very popular and traveled far and
wide, until the people living near other
streams did not see why it was any harder
for a slothful boy to net the Thames on fire
than any other fiver, and so the name of
the river was dropped and everybody after
that simply said "the river," meaning the
river of his particular city or town, and
that is how it is that people to-day talk of
setting the river on fire. — St. Nicholas.
'-•'■■•■ — — > ♦ » ■ v •
THE MYERS BALLOT- MACHINE.
It Was Uaed in Rochester at the L.ate
Election.
Tbe names of candidates are arranged in
columns after the fashion of the blanket
ballot, with this distinction: On the
official ballot the square in which tbe
cross must be marked comes before tbe
name of each candidate; on the Myers
machine the button that must be pressed
follows the name of each candidate.
There is scarcely any danger of confusion
here, as the party knob is in every case of
tbe same color as tbe party co umn.
The voting of a straight ticket with the
Myers machine is simplicity itself. The
various party columns are distinguished
by colors. The- Democratic color is yel
low, the Republican red, the Prohibition
ist blue, and so on. At the top of tbe
Democratic column is a button, which,
upon being pressed in firmly until it re
mains fast, votes tbe straight ticket.
Having done this, the voter walks out of
the exit door (another door having been
used for entrance), closes it behind him,
and his straight vote is recorded.
Voting "split" tickets is a trifle mofe
difficult, but this, too, will be found simple
enough if tbe voter keeps his wits about
him. Suppose a Democrat wishes to vote
for a Prohibition candidate for the As
sembly.
In that event the first thing he does is
to press in the knob following the name
of this candidate. That action locks all
the buttons of the other candidates for
this office, so that it won Id be impossible
to vote for two candidates for the same
place. Having done this— and he can re
peat the operation with other candidates
for whom he might wish to "split" — the
voter must now go back to the Demo
cratic column and press all the buttons
following tue names of the remaining
Democratic candidates. Remember that
a vote outside the party column bars the
use of the button at tbe head of that col
umn. Remember, too, that where you
vote for selected candidates outsi.ie your
party you must invariably press their but
tons first and then press in the remaining
buttons on your own columns. — Rochester
Herald.
ANGLOMANIA IN FRANCE.
English Customs and Sports Are Popu
lar in the Republic.
If French newspapers lrom time to time
break out in violent diatribes against
England, never were English manners
and customs so popular with our neigh
bors as now. I have just been making a
round of visits in chateaus and country
houses, all more or less remote from tbe
capital. Everywhere I beard English
speech, found abundance of native litera
ture and was remirded of insular habits.
Afternoon tea is served as regularly as
at home. Valets or housemaids, as the
case may be, demand at what hour mon
sieur or madame would like their "tub, 1 '
and if hot or cold. Out of^doors lawn ten
nis la the order of the day, tiie men wear
ing knickerbockers and orthodox stock
ings, the ladies sailor hats and tailor-made
dresses. At a Burgundian chateau the
other day I saw a curious evidence of this
flat ering imitativeness. On the luncheon
table, placed at intervals, stood two little
silv r toast racks containing dry toast.
The house party, including myself, the
only foreigner, numbered fourteen per
sons. All but two or three had visued
England, and all possessed some knowl
edge of our language, as well as consider
able familiarity with our literature. One
young lady who spoke very good English
indeed was an enthusiastic admirer of
Keats and Shelley. Another fellow guest,
a retired naval officer, was particularly
fond of Captain Marryatt's sea stories.
This gailant old sailor could also express
himself fairly well in the tongue of perfide
Albion. I mention such facts because,
trifling as they may seem in themselves,
they prove how much more natural liking
and sympathy exist between the French
and English nations than any other two
of Europe. Our politics, of course, is a
very different matter. On this subject I
only touch so far as to show how Anglo
philia and Anglophobia counteract each
other, tbe latter, let us hope, to be finally
overcome.
But it is by no means in manners, cus
toms, art and literature that English in
fluence is predominant. Even while
France and England remain sworn foes
we were flattered by tbe same imitative
ness. Historians record how tbe
Sun King, as the arch tyrant,
Louis XIV, was called, thereby received
one of the most mortifying rebuffs
of bis life. Again and again be had pro
tested against the disfiguring bairdressing
of court ladies then In vogue, stage upon
stage of scaffolding on which the hair or
wig was elaborately arranged. In vain.
Tbe autocrat who made up his mind that
not only his subjects' consciences
and lives but even their houses,
lands and fortune belonged tc him
found himself checkmated by female
vanity. Not even Mme. de Mamtenon
would alter her hair to please the defied
King. One day, however, there came to
Versailles an English lady of hUb rank
with her locks dressed closely around tbe
brow. Next morning one and all of the
pagoda-like coiffes tell as by magic. Every
woman in tbe place had copied the insular
mode of hairdressing. The King was fu
rious. — Westminster Gazette.
A DECIMAL DAY.
The French Plan to Divide the Day
Into One Hundred Parts.
In nothing perhaps is the difference be
tween tbe Latin and Anglo-Saxon races
more pronounced than in their methods
of computation. The former chose, as if
by instinct, the easiest route to reach re
sults and the decimal arrangement of
weights, measures and values first insti
tuted by the French has been adopted by
them all, as well as by their Teutonic
neighbors. The Anglo-Saxons, however,
seem to care nothing for ease or simplitity
in this matter, and their tables of weights
and measures are a mass of incongruities.
The originals have been largely deter
mined by accident, as the length of a cer
tain king's foot or of another's forearm.
Not only have they adopted a cumbersome
and illogical system of computing weights
and measures, but they resolutely decline
to accept the simple and convenient sys
tem offered by the Latins, although to do
so would not only be a saving of time and
labor, but would facilitate commercial and
other intercourse among the nations.
But while tbe Latin decimal system of
notation is much the best, it may be car
ried too far, and this seems to be tbe case
with tbe latest French idea to reyise the
division of time and make tbe day consist
of 100 ports ins cad of twenty-four. Of
course, after tbe French style, the division
is to be carried down to the most minute
portions of time, provisions being made
for "ces," or hundre iths of a day, "centi
ces" and "millices," but it will probably
be found impracticable to carry it higher
and impossible to extend it to the whole
year. It is easy enough in theory, and, if
tbe present computation were not so firmly
established, would probably be found
profitable in practice to divide the day by
decimals; but France has triad to abolish
the week and divide the month decimally
without success, while it is manifestly out
of the question to divide tbe year not
either more or less than 365 days.
The number is fixed by the laws of na
ture, since just so many periods of light
and darkness occur in the annual journey
of the earth around the sun and t ere is
no othf r way to estimate a day than by
grouping together one period of light and
one of darkness.
Reasoning backward from this it will be
seen that no better arrangements of
months can be made thau the one w« kave
now, since the 365 days are divided among
ibem a" nearly evenly as possible, and, on
tbe same-account, the number of days in
a month could not be changed for tbe
better.
The Geographical Bureau of tbe French
army is experimenting with the new sys
tem, and it may be adopted in France, but
it is certain that English-sneaking coun
tries will have none of it. The failure to
establish even that very sensible reform,
the twenty-. our hour day, is sufficient as
surance of that. — Philadelphia Ledger.
THE HOURS OF THE DAY.
In Italy tha Tlm« Will Be Calculated
From 1 to 24.
The Italian Government Is giving the
weight of its power and influence to aid in
tbe accomplishment of the reform which
will eventually bring about consistent no
tation of the hours of the day by making
the numbers run from Ito 24. All Gov
ernment time-pieces, schedules and an-
nouncements will hereafter run upon that
system, and there will be no more trouble
about duplication of figures and the con
sequent necessity for distinguishing terms
to show which portion of the day is meant.
There can be little doubt that in time the
new notation will be accepted and used
by the people in their private business,
for it is the only sensible system. Tbe
new system will only affect the hours of
the day from noon to midnight, and the
success attending the Italian system
shows that it can be readily and easily ap
plied.
The schools open at 9 o'clock, as before,
but they close at 16 o'clock, instead of 4
r. M. The Government theaters announce
that their curtains rise at 21 o'clock, and
the railroad time-tables are at last intel
ligible to all who can read figures. That
the reform is making its way with the
people is evidenced by tue fact that the
theaters not nnder Government control
have generally accepted tbe system by
announcing their entertainments as "Be
ginning at 21 o'clock (9 p. M.)." It is easy
to carry the new system into private busi
ness, and it must eventually be done to
avoid confusion of terms. The school
children alone will be a power in this
respect, for the new notation of the hours
of tbe day will become natural to them.
Perhaps the present generation will not
come to the full use of tbe new system to
the exclusion of the other, but as it
passes away the one which takes its
place will have no stubborn conservatism
to unlearn.
We have succeeded easily in this
country in accomplishing a kindred re
formation in the adoption of standard
time over the old system which gave cor
rect solar time everywhere, but kept tbe
railroad traveler always in trouble. That
reform bad to combat strong local preju
dices, but it has succeeded simply because
it showed its advantages over the old
me h«u. If the Italian method of time
notation should be adopted In tbis coun
try as the public system the people would
naturally accept and use it. It will come,
for the American people only need to
comprehend the advantages offered by an
innovation to graft it upon their own sys
tem.—Milwaukee Journal.
• — ♦— •
A quarrel between two ladies In a Hun
garian town ended in a duel. One oi the
ladies sent her pistol-ball into a boy who
was perched on a tree, and the other lady
lodged her bullet in the side of a calf.
This blood-letting satisfied the duelists,
and they strolled homeward the best oi
friends.
larolaro, an island one and a half
miles in diameter, in the Mediterranean,
is the smallest repnblic in the world. It
has fifty-five inhabitants: tbe President
is elected for six years; no public official
receives any pay, and women and men are
voters.
NEW TO-DAY.
Old Grist Mill Wheat Coffee is
the original and only PURE
HEALTH COFFEE. Ask your
grocer for this brand and insist
on getting it. He has it or can
get it — it's sold a little closer
than imitations — that's all.
POTTER & WRiaMTINOTON,
Boston, /lass.
STREET FAKIRS.
Big Profits for the Stars of the Curb
Merchants.
Street fakirs are divided into two clases;
those who work for themselves and those
who peddle for others, says the New
York Recorder. The former are, of course,
the aristocrats of the profession. These
men buy their stock at a low price for spot
cash from tbe wholesale dealer in street
goods, and are thus enabled to clear a
handsome profit on their sales.
The workers for others are those who,
through spendthrift habits or lack of capi
tal, are compelled to sell on commission
for some wholesale or patron. In spite of
their reduced profits, these men are still
able, if at all fitted for the business, to
make very fair profits.
Whether or not familiarity with the try
ing ordeal of facing the audiences proves
good training for the business of peddling,
the faot remains that a great many of the
street fakirs come from the lower ranks of
the theatrical profession. They usually
possess some smattering knowledge and
are apt in illustrative language. When
these men iiadle a musical instrument or
trick top they at once acquire a thorough
knowledge of its use and illustrate it in a
manner that causes the purchaser to envy
them when he takes home his purchase
and tries it for himself.
Sometimes tbe faeirs sell things really
cheap. For instance, such standard books
as "Paradise Lost" or "Pilgrim's Progress"
are procurable from them for ten or fifteen
cents, and a reporter recently obtained a
very fair copy of Tennyson's poetical
works, eood type and heavy paper covers
for 3 cents.
On the barrows of these literary Cheap
Johns paper-covered novels bearing such
well-known titles as "Micah Clarke,"
"The Sign of the Four," "Dodo," "The
Manxman," etc., are selling for 5 and 10
cents. These books are pirated editions of
the originals, the typography is imperfect
and their paper stock of tbe cheapest
quality. Unless one takes tbe trouble to
glance over his purchase he may find half
the pages duplicates or some foreign leaves
introduced instead of the rigut ones.
Many of these fakirs have regular routes
and some travel all over the country visit
ing the county fairs and other local as
I NEW TO-DAT.
NCDlffillC nCDII ITV Caused through self-abuse,
RCfilfUUd VEDILIII night emissions, unnatural
losses or overwork of the body or brain. ! It is the curse of hu-
manity, the unpardonable sin. It blights all the pleasures of
youth. It deadens the spirits and weakens the brain. Its train
of ills and evils tears down the strongest constitution and
completely wrecks the mental and physical man. Thousands
of young and [middle-aged men through this scourge of hu-
manity have found homes in insane asylums or filled suicide's
graves. It unfits the sufferer for study, business or the social
or married relations of life. It causes tired feelings, dizziness,
despondency, fear of impending danger, bashfulness, pim-
ples, loss of memory and a wandering mind. Among the mar-
ried it creates discontent, 5 disappointment, dissatisfaction and
trouble. It has broken up more homes, caused more deser-
tions and separations than all other evils combined. If you
are a sufferer from this monster of all diseases you should
consult DOCTOR SWEANY. He can positively and perma-
nen ly restore your wasted and weakened powers, your health
and your manhood.
AWPAIf RAPIf Brings an untimely death. It Is an un-
CHi\ % DMUI\ mistakabie sign of diseased kidneys.
Does your back ache? Do you have pains In the sides, suffo-
cating feelings, palpitation of the heart, deranged stomach,
and a bloated condition of the stomach and bowels? Do you
have sediment or brick-dust deposit in the urine? Do you
urinate frequently? Have you weakness of the sexual organs
or total or partial potency ? : If you have any of these symp-
; toms you have diseased kidneys. ,To neglect these troubles
means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and a premature
grave. DOCTOR SWEANY invariably cures these diseases.
iff II D I ft ft ft I C Hydrocele and all bladder difficulties
wMnIuUUCLCj treated with unfailing success.
RIIPTSBRS" New method, sure cure, painless treatment;
lI Ur 1 .1.-.III1C« no knife, no truss, no detention from work, no
experiment. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
DRII/ATP RIQPAQPQ Gonorrhea, gleet and stricture
rill VA Ik UIOLHOLOt CU red. Syphilis, the leprosy
of the age, positively and forever cured.
I AfllEQ Will receive careful and special treatment for all
LHUICO their many ailments. "
R ITP If away from tne clty< Book, •"Guide to Health," a
if IE treatise on all organs and their diseases, free on
application. /, .',.'.-',,
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737;MAHKET STH3BET,
SAN IB AN CISCO, Cal.
semblages, but they get back to New York
sooner or later.
Others, again, never go out of the city,
and several have certain stands or "beats''
that they occupy day in and day out
throughout the year.
A Man of Hit Word.
Customer— l bought a carpet from you a
couple of months ago.
Deal r— Yes, sir. I presume you've
come to buy another?
Customer — No, I have not, although I'm
sorry to say I need a new one. I came to
tell you that you are a skin and cheated
me outrageously.
Dealer— Why, sir. what's the matter?
Customer— Matter enough. After using
that carpet two month" the color not only
came out, but it is getting full of holes.
Dealer— Well, I didn't guarantee it when
you bought it.
Customer— Yes, you did. When I asked
you if it was durable you said you had
used one liKe it for two years, and it looked
just as good as ever.
Dealer — If I said that, it must have been
so. What kind of carpet was it? Look
around tbe store and tell me if you see
anything like it.
Customer — Yes, there it is. That made
up carpet banging on the wall.
Dealer— So that's it, eh? Well, sir, I've
been using that identical carpet for over
two years. There's nothing the matter
with that, is there?
Customer — No. But where have you
been using it?
Dealer — Why, up there on tbe wall.
Where have you been using yours?
Customer — On the floor, of course.
Dealer— Pshaw ! Why didn't you tell
me so at once. You're the most unrea
sonable man I've met in a long time. No
one bat a fool wouhi expect a carpet to
last as long on a floor as hung on a wall.
I knew I hadn't told you I'd been using
those carpets under foot for two years.
We never deceive customers that way in
this store. Good day, sir. — New "kork
World.
An ostrich will never go straight to its
nest, but always approaches it with many
windings and detours in order, if possible,
to conceal the locality from observation.
The Assyrians became a nation at the
founding of Nineveh, 2245 B. C.
910
THE CHURCHES IN
CHRISTMAS GARB
Some Beautiful Decorations
in Honor of the
Season.
The Worshipers Will Be Ap
pealed To by Music
and Color.
The Catholic Cathedral and Grace
Episcopal Church Are Very
Elaborately Adorned.
Those esthetic features which appeal to
the ear and the eye more particularly will
not be absent from the services which
mark the advnnt of the Christmas season
in the churches of San Francisco.
A comprehensive list of musical pro
grammes which will be rendered at to
day's and Sunday's church services, ac
cording to denomination, appeared in yes
terday's issue of The Call, and in logical
sequence descriptive reierence to the sev
eral artistically decorated interiors, which
will form an environment in keeping with
such an occasion, is now appended.
Many churches other than Catholic and
Episcopalian will not have completed
their decorations before Sunday, when the
Christmas services will be held. The
Catholic and Episcopal churches will be in
readiness for to-day's services. It goes
without saying that no small amount of
artistic taste has been expended upon the
eminently worthy task of making the
sometimes austere interiors peculiarly
Bttractive at this season of peace and good
will. And where the architectual outlines
are intrinsically beautiful the fine taste of
jbe decorator has added a touch of nature,
which has resulted in a highly pleasing
combination.
At the Catholic cathedral on Van Ness
avenue the Sisters of the Holy Family
have given noteworthy evidence ot artistic
ability. The sober green of ferns an<l
grasses has been so arranged as to set off
in bold relief bright colorings. Tbe cen
tral marble altar may be termed the chef
d'eauvre of the entire design, and above
all the canopy surmounting the tabernacle
will, no doubt, become the cynosure of
admiring eyes.
Crystal vases filled with berries have
been placed at regular intervals along the
front of the sanctuary and the effect pro
duced by these when exposed to the daz
zling radiance of tbe illuminated candela
bras on eit er side cannot be easily antic
ipated. The "dim, religious light," in
which the sanctuary was seen yesterday,
could give but an adequate idea of its
appearance when the gorgeous accesories
of the Catholic ritual are added. Arch
bishop Riordan will preside at pontifical
high mass this morning.
la the basement of the cathedral the
children's chapel has also been decorated
by the busy Sisters. Festoons of ever
green extend across the opposite walls of
the sanctuary and Christmas trees take
the place of palms in the body of the
chapel.
Grace Episcopal Church, on the corner
<if California and Stockton streets, has
ably maintained the dignity of its repre
sentative position among the religious de
nominations of the City. The ladies of
the congregation are responsible for the
decorative design and have certainly dis
played artistic- taste to the very best
advantage. These decorations are con
fined almost exclusively to ths chancel.
The altar rails are surmounted by & beau
tiful arch of foliage, and in this, as in the
majority of the decorative features, spruce
has been most frequently brought into
requisition.
The choir stalls are shaded by overhang
ing boughs, and the massive stone pillars
on either side of the chancel, the reading
desk and pulpit are adorned with ever
greens. The altar of Italian marble will
be illuminated by more than a hundred
•wax candles, the effect < f which cannot
fail to be ot the most brilliant description.
The First Presbyterian Church has not
yet put on the garb of the season. The
members of the Ladies' Aid, however,
uave undertaken to look after this, and
expect to have thechurcn ready for inspec
tion by to-morrow evening.
Tbe same appjies to the First Congrega
tional Church, corner of Post and Mason
streets, so far as the interior of the church
itself is concerned. Miss Annie Childs
and Miss Lizzie Hoffmann are the young
ladies who are expected to practically ex
emplify the possibilities of color in time
for Sunday's services.
The remaining City churches are all sig
nalizing the advent of Christmas in a
manner equally simirar and appropriate.
; ♦
Howard Presbyterian.
The following is the musical programme for
Sunday at the Howard Presbyterian Church
on Oak street:
Morning — Organ prelude, "Hallelujah
Chorus" irom "Messiah," Handel; doxoloey,
"Old Hundred;" quartet, "Arise, lor Thy Light
Is Come," Buck; hymn, "Awake the Sacred
Song," Hanael; tenor solo, "It Came Upon the
Midnight Clear," M.irzo; bass solo and cnorus,
'•The Manger Cradle," Neidiinger; hymn,
"How Firm a Foundation," Heading; offertory,
soprano solo, "Christmas." Shelly; anthem,
•'Nazareth," Gounod; hymn, "nari, Ten
Thousand Harps," Mason; organ poatlude,
"And the Glory ot the Lord," from
"Messiah," Hanrfel. Evening— Organ prelude,
"Christmas Pastorale," Ashmall; quartet, "I
Will Praise Thee," from service in B flat.
Farmer; hymn, "Joy to the World," Mason ;
bass solo, wish violiucello obligato, "A Dream
of Bethlehem," Rodney; duet for sourano
and alto, "Tne Lord Is my Shepherd," smart ;
hymn, "Hark, the Herald AngelE Sing,"' Men
delssohn; offertory, alto solo, '' Let Ail Men
Rejoice," Boex; anthem, "Caniique de Noel."
Adam; hymn, "AU Hail the Power of Jesus'
Name," Holden; organ posilude, "Halle
lujah" chorus, from "Mount of Olives," Beeth
oven. The cuoir, consisting of Mrs. Charles
A. Allardyce, Miss Cecilia Decker, William M.
Smith and Charles H. Hoe?, will be assisted
by Dr. A. T. Regensburger, violincelloist, Wil
liam F. Hooke, organist and musical director.
At the Spanish Church.
Early mass will be at 6 o'clock, and fol
lowing that there will be one every half
hour until 10:30. The high mass will be
at that time, during which Mercandante's
Mass for three voices will be sung. The
singers are: Sopranos — Mrs. B. Camarena,
Misses C. Cooney, A. and J. Perez, A.
Acosta and A. Buckley; second sopranos-
Mrs. S. Arrillaga, Misses N. O'Rourke, L.
AndradeandF. Cabazos; bas-sos — Messrs.
H. Basford, J. Garcia and L. Diaz. At the
offertory a "Villancico," by S. Arrillaga,
for chorus and orchestra, will be sung. At
the elevation Professor Andonegui and
Miss M. L. Kimbal will play a solo for
violin and harp. The musical programme
is under the direction of the organist, S.
Arrillaga.
Central M. E. Church.
The Central Methodist Episcopal Church
will boid Cbristmas services next Sunday.
J. J. Morris is the musical director and H.
M. Bosworth organist. The services will
be conducted by Key. Dr. Dille. The
musical programme will be as follows:
Morning— Organ prelude; Christmas offer
tory (Jules Grisen); anthem, "Sing Hosanna"
(Rosenihal): tenor solo, "Bethlehem" (Wider),
W. G. Wood; alti solo, "Christmas" (Sheliey),
Miss Frances Boyan ; "Jubilate" (Rosenthal.)
Evening — Organ prelude, Offertory in G
(Wiiey), H. M. Bosworth; cantata for soprano
and barytone solo and chorus, "Nigntin Beth
lehem" (Floria); soprano eolo, Mrs. Tnomas
Hodge; barytone solo, Charles H. Van Orden;
Cnriitmas fiymn, "Holy Night" (Adams), |
Putting the Finishing Touches on the Beautiful Chancel of Grace Church.
tenor solo and chorus; soprano solo, "It Came |
Upun the Midnight Clear," Mrs. W. T. Libby.
Boys' and Girls* Aid Society.
The Christmas entertainment of the
Boys' and Girls.' Aid Society will take
place on Saturday next at 7:30 p. M., when
tbe cantata of "St. Nicolas" will be per
formed.
Centrai M. E. Church.
Central M. E. Sunday-school, Mission
street, between Sixth and Seventh, will
hold its Christmas entertainment this
evening, commencinc at 7:30 o'clock.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Firemen Fined. Resignations Accepted
and Appointments Made.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon, when John 8. Brant, driver of
engine 1, was fined three days' pay for
neglect of duty; John T. Canavan, engi
neer of engine 7, ten days' pay ; and John
Blythe, driver of engine 32, three days'
pay for the same offense.
Wiliiam Finnegan, boseman of engine
3, Simon Haren, stoker of engine 32, and
Charles H. Murray, engineer or engine 32,
sent in their resignations, which were ac
cepted.
Michael Sheehan, driver of chemical
engine 5, was retired on the pension list at
half pay. Oa November 18, 1895, while
engage : in the performance of his duties
at a tire the building collapsed and broke
his back, incapacitating him from duty.
William Newman was promoted from
hoseman of engine 25 to driver of chemi
cal engine 5. Timothy Hallinan was ap
pointed driver of engine 24, Harry Allen
hoseman of engine 25, Martin Speliman
hoseman of engine 3, John J. Morris
boseman of engine 26 an;l William Ker
rigan engiueer of engine 32.
•—• — ♦ — *
C ar Company Dig ncorporation.
The Pacific Car Company has made applica
tion for permission to disincorporate. The
stockholders signing the petition are John
Lee, A. D. Cutter, Sidney M. Smith, Francis
Cutting, J. Lee Jr., W. C. Doane, T. F. Morri
son, A. B. Spreck-ls, Lovell White, Cutting
Packing Company, E. Dora Cutting and W. P.
Williamson.
Rabbi Nleto to Lecture.
Rabbi Nieto will lecture on Friday nigbt on
"Sinners and the Talmud."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
GERTIE MAY STILL
SING HER SONGS
Officers Who Went to Sup
press Remained to
Applaud.
The Little Dahseuse at the Bald
win Is Under Age, but They
Let That Pass.
Puck, King Oberon's Little Fairy
Favorite, Will Also Be Allowed
to Continu ■ His Act.
The audience at the Baldwin Theater
last evening saw the curtain go down upon
the first act of Palmer Cox's "Brownies,"
looked at their programmes and wondered
what had become of little Gertie Carlisle,
who was billed to sins her ''Arrah Go On' 1
and other amusing ditties, with dances in
cidental. She was to be a part of scene
two.
Out by the ticket-taker stood Manager
Morganstern of the theater and the mana
ger of the '•Brownies," waiting the arrival
of Secretary Welsh of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The secretary had called up the Baldwin
during the afternoon and tohl the mana
gers that he was coming. He had heard
that some children or a child under the
age limit provided by law for "p!ay actors"
and actresses was performing at the thea
Decorating the Great Altar in the Cathedral.
ter to the greater or less delight of large
audience*.
It was about 9 o'clock that Secretary
Welsh twang open the outer doors of the
theater, ana with him entered into the in
ner inclosuro where stands the man at the
gate, Assistant Secretary Holbrook, Police
Officer Callinan and a couple of newspaper
men.
The managers were waiting there.
They had forbidden Gertie to go on or to
do her act out of respect to tbe telephone
message, and until the officers should ar
rive to pass ju gnient.
"Woald the officer? walk in and see the
Brownies and Gertie?" The manager of
the Brownies said he was not aware of the
limitations of the law in this State with
regard to children actu.g.
"Manager Morganstern confessed to a
knowledge of t..e law, but declared that
he did not believe that this was a viola
tion of the spirit of it, as Gertie was quite
a stout young girl, and her mother in
sisted that she was 16, 'as required by
tbe law.'
"Yes, the officers would go in and see
the performance, for how could they de
cide otherwise whether or not the law was
being violated."
The managers declared they did not in
tend to run counter to the statutes of the
State, and if there was found to be a vio
i lation of any of them they would stop it
at once.
The first act was well under way, scene
second, where Gertie was to figure having
finished, and the officers sat through it
and were well pleased. The orchestra
played a wnile and then the curtain rose
on the second act It was a diverting
spectacle and the officers wers much
pleased.
Where Dragonfell, the evil spirit, seeks
by devising entertainment for his captive
Queen of the Brownies to win her from
her tears, little Gertie was allowed to
com "• on and sing her "'Arrah, Go On."
When she had done the man who ap
plauded most enthusiastically in tbe au
dience was Secretury Welsh. Gertie re
sponded to the general outburst with a
darky melody. Acain the secretary of tne
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children applauded heartily.
When the little danseuse finally reiired
the officers looked at each other and one
of them said: "We are through; let us
go."
"No," sain another, "let us not disturb
the theater by going out in the middle of
an act; we will sit through the act."
They leaned back in their seats and saw
the act through.
When they retired they were met at
tne door by the managers, who inquired:
"What of Gertie? What of the law?"
"It is only a technical offense, if any,"
said the secretary. "The law was not in
tended to exclude such from the stage.
Wa will do nothing."
Tne officers also visited the Tivoli, to see
whether or not Master Jack Robertson,
who is Puck, King Oberon's favorite fairy
in "Jack and the Beanstalk," should be
forbidden to appear.
A similar conclusion was arrived at as
in the other case, the officers deciding
that these were not iustances of that evil
against w ich the law forbidding children
under 16 years of age to sing or dance in
a public place of amusement was directed.
H"Complaints came to the office," said
Secretary Welsh last evening, "and we
were of" course required to investigate
them. But tbesc cuiidren are evidently
well cared for, and the surroundings are
in nowise hurtful.
"Some discretion must be used. If we
applied the law literally then grown per
sons would have to take the place of lit
tle Eva in 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' and
other such moral plays would be crippled.
Little children figure in many of the best
plays.
"The law is designed to enable us to
rescue children from figuring in variety
places, where it is a greater wrong to find
children in the audiences than it is
to find them on the stages of the Baldwin
and Tivoli in such innocent characteriza
tions. No, we will not interfere in cases
of this kind, even though it may be a vio
lation of the letter of the law.
"The complainants in these cases are
very likely to be persons who were of
fended at the managers because they
could not get their own children on the
stage."
Gertie Carlisle ha* been on the stage for
some years. Assistant Secretary Hol
brook three years a o stopped her singing
and dancing at a local theater.
Tbe Man and His Uout.
The ordinary polite inquiry, "How do
you do?" calls for nothing but a conven
tionally polite response; but if a man is
past "the allotted age," and a philosopher
besides, it may elicit a reply full of mean
ing and wortny of record.
When John Quincy Adams was 80 years
old he met in the streets of Boston an old
friend who shook his trembling hand and
said:
"Good morning! and how is John
Quincy Adams to-day?"
"Thank you," was the ex-President's
answer. "John Quincy Adams himself is
well, sir; quite well, I thanK you. But
the house in which he lives at present is
becoming dilapidated. It is tottering
upon its foundation. Time and the sea
sons have nearly destroyed it. Its roof is
pretty well worn out. Its walls are much
shattered, and it trembles witn every wind.
The old tenement is becoming almost un
inhabitable, and I think John Quincy
Adams will have to move out of it soon ;
but he himself is quite well, sir; quite
welJ."
With that the venerable sixth President
of tbe United States moved on with the
aid of his staff.
It was not long afterward that be had
his second and fatal stroke of paralysis in
the Capitol at Washington.
"This is the last of earth," he said. "I
am content." — Youth's Companion.
A Dog That TelU Time.
H. C. Peterson, a workman at the cot
tonseed mill of Paris, Tex., owns a dog,
Nick, that can tell the time of day. It is
Nick's duty to take his master's dinner to
him in a little pail every day, and should
Mrs. Peterson by any mischance overlook
the matter the dog is sure to remind her
in proper time by bringing the bucket and
urging her to till it. At first it was sup
posed to be the dog's intuition merely
that enabled him to know the hour, but
be has many times been seen watching
the clock, and once, when Mrs. Peterson
set tbe hands ahead to test the matter,
Nick brought the dinner-pail promptly on
the stroke of 12, thougu in reality it was
only 11.
Nick is as familiar with the whistles as
Peterson is himself, and always sees to it
that his master is awake at tbe proper
time each morning to begin bis work. If
Peterson oversleeps himself Nick is sure
to be on the alert, and at tbe first sound
of the early whistle runs to tbe bedside
and barks till his master is awake.—Phila
delphia Tim s.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
%;:■■■:• • r-i ■ ■'• """•'Arrived. ■•■■'. .?■"«.<• '•.;■: '■'■=*■■'...'
; THURSDAY. December 24.
Stmr City of Everett. La verge, 4Vi days * from
Nanaimo: 3529 tons coal, to John Koienfeld's
Sons."-!: ■'■■' ■-'■'■'.": •(-.-'•■ j. : '.■':■■■:'■. ■:.-:.'■_.■>■' •■'.--. : r- ; " ■: i'~. •
••. Htmr . Progreso, Btorrs,' 87 hours from Seattle:
2l CO tons coal, to P B Cornwall. •■■■•-■. ■-'■■■-
IS Be ship Hailadale. Fordyc-. 76 ; days from , Syd
ney ; 3000 tons coal, to Henry, .Land <& Co.
■■; ■ '■:. j! \''.-x-i i I>omeitio Port*. •;' ;).''.'■■ '■
':; GBicENWOOD-Snt ed I>ec 24-3; mr Green
wood, or san Francisco :•■' J - ■ ' ' . •
.- COOS BAY— sailed Dec . 2i-Btmr Alliance, for
h Han Francisco. 2- ■•■■'■. -■ •■•= - ■■■"":■.■• -.-\ . r ••.-.-." ....
ASTORlA— Arrived Deo 24— Br ship Crown of
India, from Nagasaki,?;; :-;; :.'-■;* •-;•■:-' -_f-.. -; ;; --• , ;
CLUB CHANGES
EXCITE GOSSIP
Talk at the Cosmos of
Moving to the McNntt
Residence.
House Now Occupied by the Pa
c fic-Union to be Converted
Into a Hotel.
The Landlord May Compel Members
to Vacate Before the Van Ness-
Avenue Home Is Ready.
Club men in the Pacific- Union and
Cosmos institutions are greatly agitated
over the impending changes. The mem
bers of the Cosmos are inclined to
take extreme measures. The proposition
now under consideration there is to lease
the Dr. McNutt residence on California
street, near Franklin.
The location is desirable and the prop
erty can be secured for club purposes, so
it is said, on agreeable terms. If a con
solidation with the Pacific-Union could be
effected many of the members would be
gratified, but plans to bring about such a
union have not been pressed.
The trouble with the existing Cosmos
Case rests on the fact that it wasiaid out
on an ascending scale. The prosperity of
the club has not kept pace with the con-
Btantly increasing price of the rent.
In order to meet current obligations and
provide a sinking fund for future contin
gencies members have been obliged to con
tribute something in addition to annual
dues. The idea of dissolvine the organi
zation is not seriously considered, but a
firm determination is manifested to move
unless the landlord agrees to make some
concessions.
Some of the members of the Pacific-
Union have been alarmed by a report that
the owner or agent of the Union-square
mansion which the club occupies has
given notice that the premises must be
vacated by May 1 unless a ten years' lease
is negotiated.
The present lease expires April 1, and
it will take eighteen months time to
build and properly equip the new home
on Van Ness avenue. It goes without
Baying that the Pacific-Union is an insti
tution that cannot be bulldozed by the
landlord.
The building on Post street now used by
the club is owned by the Walkeriey estate.
Mr. Burbank, formerly an Oakland news
paper man, is the agent for the property,
as he married the widow who owns it.
He nas au idea, so the gossip goes, of
converting the house into a modern hotel.
Mr. Burbank is credited with having
fixed notions and since the club Das finally
determined to go to Van Ness avenue the
agent seems to desire that the order oi
going s-houlri be put into immediate effect.
Members of the Pacific- Union, in the
event of compulsory measures, would seek a
temporary home or engage suites of apart
niens ai one of the leading hotels. There
is talk of taking the Cosmos clubhouse
for a year or more should the Cosmopoli
tans vacate.
Bteps will certainly be fatten to main
tain club headquarters until the new
home on Van Ness avenue is ready for
occupancy. The members will have the
courtesies of other City clubs extended to
them, but they would not feel like using
sew to -dat. .■ JVW^ w >-r.
A
A Master of Medicine and Surgery.
There has probably never been a phy-
sician or surgeon in San Francisco who
was so liberally patronized by the sick and
suffering, and at the same so highly praised
by them, as the dist nguished specialist,
Doctor Cook, whose offices are permanently
locat d at 865 Market street.
His private consultation rooms are daily
visited by people not only of San Fran-
cisco, but from all over the West. They
come from every station of life. Among
them are bankers, lawyers, merchants,
mechanics, ministers, farmers, laborers
and literary gentlemen, many of whom
have repeatedly sought relief from other
physicians, and have repeatedly met with
disappointments.
While they go to Doctor Cook full of
disease and despondency, they come away
from him full of hope, confidence and joy,
and feeling better in every way. From
that very hour they begin to permanently
improve. What the great specialist does
to them, or the kind of treatment he ad-
ministers to them, is a secret known only
to himself— a secret upon which his re-
markable success is founded.
The vast volumes of testimonials in
Doctor Cook's possession are the strongest
and most convincing proof of his ability
to combat and conquer ali the different
diseases that come within his specialty.
They show that be has cured numberless
cases of female complaints, men's private
aiiments, rheumatism, chronic catarrh,
blood and skin diseases and functional
diseases of the heart, lungs, liver, stom-
ach, kidneys, bladder and urinary organs.
But Doctor Cook's special treatment for
lost manhood and its many attending ail-
ments of physical, mental and sexual
weakness, is the crowning elory of his pro-
fessional career. It is a treatment known
to no other physician in America. It is
the hospitality of other houses for such a
prolonged period.
ABOUT TERRAPIN.
Their Price Varies -According to iiw
. Time of Day. \%
The diamond-backed terrapin is an art?
tocratic denizen of Chesapeake Bay, and
worth almost its weieht in gold to the epi
cure of the fashionable cafe,
The diamond- backed terrapin is only an*
other name for a small species of turtle,
and time was when the colored people of
Maryland ate them after roasting them in
their shells, and' never dreamed of their
value as food for a royal menu. Now, a
terrapin farm is a mine of wealth to its
possessor.
A true story is told of a poor negro
fisherman who chanced upon a nest of
diamond-backs near Tangier Island in
1893. In four hours he took out $1200
worth, and stopped only when too ex
hausted to work.
Terrapins "in pound" present an inter
esting but by no means an appetizing
appearance. The pound Is a place where
the fishermen keep toe tuitles until they
are shipped to' some city to the markets.
The farms where they are cultivated are
flooded with sea watT, so that the little
object preserves its delicatessen qualities
unimpaired.
There are certain rules understood by
those who purchase terrapin. They are
careful to observe that the extreme tip or
muzzle is not injured, that the bottom or
feet is not worn off, that the head is pret
tily shaped — small, thin and pointed, and
the eyes brilliant. The feet should be
small and slender.
Cooking terrapin properly is such an art
that only a chef or a Marylander should
be permitted to give instructions. To
begin with, the first rule is a challenge to
the humane society: "Plunge the terrapin
aliva into boiling water." Then| "boil
until the skin and toenails come off."
When the rudirnentaries and vitals are
disposed of, the rich, sweet meat, which is
better than chicken or canvasback duck,
or frogs' lees, is stewed and prepared w;lti
an atfinitive sauce, and a "dash of lift
deira," or a "little good sherry," and nn
one recipe "a pint of pale brandy, to which
a match shall be set when it is turned over
the terrapin," are added to make the deli
cacy complete.
The only people who can cook the terra
pin as it demands are the Maryland cooks,
who learned from the colored people, and
their secret of success is to handle it as
little as possible and to serve it from the
dish in which it was cooked, thus preserv
ing its native juices and aromas. The
dash of wine is an innovation of art.
On the terrapin farirs of the Chesa
peake a peculiar sport is indulged in by
the men, called "terrapin racing.'' The
turtles are let loose in a large room, whera
at one end a hot fire is blazing, protected
by a guard. They all begin a scramble
for the light and warmth, the men bet
ting on particular ones. They have no
continuity of purpose, and are likely to
branch off in a dozen devious routes, but
the terrapin that first puts its nose against
the fire wins the race.
Terrapin are rated according to their
value with a family pedigree tag, which
simply gives t c name of the State whence
they come. First on the list for its terra
pin is Chesapeake Bay. Next comes Long
Island. Then Virginia, Charleston and
Savannah, Florida, Mobile and the Guif
follow. Mississippi and North Carolina
other points South furnish excellent ter
rapin.
Now for prices. Eighty dollars a dozen
is not considered high for choice term pi r i
at certain seasons and on special occa
sions. A modest housekeeper saw one
crawling over some lobsters in a fish
market and out of curiosity inquired the
price.
"What time is it?" asked the market
man, looking at his watch. "You may
have it for $3, but if it was 6 o'clock to
night and I only had that one 1 should
have to charge you more. I expect some
in at any moment"
Tbe season is just beginning and It does
not reach Us height nntil November and
tne day? of festivity. It lasts nntil May.—
Datroit Free Press.
The Belgians are the children of the
Beltrii, who are first named in "Caesar's A
Commentaries." *.^-
distinctly of his own creation or discovery,
and is the result of a lifetime of persistent
study, diligent research, and scientific in-
vestigation in this and foreign lands. It is
purely vegetable in its composition and
perfectly harmless in its effects. It does
not stimulate temporarily, but restores
permanently. During the past fifteen
months it has been tested on more than six
thousand young, middle- aged and old men,
who, as the result of errors or excesses,
were tortured by the woes of nervous de-
bility or sexual decay. It has never yet
failed, even in the worst of cases, to bring
back manly power and to remove every
symptom of weakness.
There are several reasons why Doctor
Cook has won his way to the very front
rank in the practice of medicine and sur-
gery. All who consult him are satisfied
with his fair, honorable and upright meth-
ods. His extensive experience, profound
learning, and superb skill are also power-
ful factors in his favor, but in uddition to
all this he is thoroughly equipped with
every instrument and apparatus essential
to the most mo tern methods of practice.
His scientific X-Ray examinations reveal
wonders, and his electrical appliances are
th* largest and most complete ever oper-
ated on the Pacific Coast
Doctor Cook receives callers in his offices*
at 865 Market street, each and every daji
from 9 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. s4Jf
except Sundays, when he may be consulted
from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Those unable to
call upon tbedector will do well to write
him their troubles fully an 1 without reser-
vation. He offers to send them free of
charge his new and valuable book devoted
to diseases of men. His system of borne
treatment by mail is eminently tatufao*
toxj and always successful.SAW THROUGH A
COUPLE OF WALLS
Remarkable Story of a
Witness Against the
Niles Dwarf.
Impossible For the Midget to
Have Hugged a Tall
Lady.
A Sight of the Little Man Secured
His Release Without a Word
in His Defense.
Oaxlahd Officb Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec 24. j
The Niles dwarf will not spend Christ
mas day in jail and the fact that he will
not do so will, no doubt, detract some
what from the merriness of the Machado
festivities.
As mucn of Haywards as could get into
Judge Pimentel's courtroom was . there
this morning to witness the trial of An
tone Martin, the wee man, in fact the
Bfcallest vo(er in the county, who was
•marged with hugging and blackening the
Jwj of Mrs. Machado, a woman twice his
hlight and about four times his weight.
Two remarkable stories were told by the
frosecutfon and then the trial ended. No
defense was needed. Mrs. Machado,, a
buxom woman, who presented an enor
mous contrast to the small defendant, sat
i 0 the witness chair and told her s.ory.
Two weeks aeo little without
provocation or warning, had gone to her
house, which she admitted was owned by
Martin, and used some language to which
she took objection. She declared that she
did not deign to reply; that Martin did
all the talking and all the hugging and all
the hitting and was the only one who
made any attempt to do any carving.
When cross-examined regarding the pos
sibility of being hacked to pieces, Mrs.
Machado admitted that she had not seen
any knife in the dwarf's possession, but
Bhe said she had frequently heard the lit- !
tie man say that if he ever intended to get j
even with anybody it would be with a
knife. Mrs, Machadi's idea, or presump- |
tion, that the dwarf decided to cut her in
pieces was about as strong as any of the
testimony offered.
Mrs. Machado told the court that she
was washing clothes when the dwarf came
in, placed his arm around her waist and
immediately started to hammer her with
rapid blows all over her face and shoulders.
She did nothing to resist him except utter
a loud yell, wnich brought Jesus Higuera
to the rescue. As she told her story of
how powerless she was in the hands of the
dwarf, every body in the courtroom tit
tered, and when she referred to a black
ened eye, and did not mention about a
chair or ladder, on which the dwarf must
have stood, unless she were on her knees,
her story produced an impression very
favorable to the wee prisoner.
Jesus Higuera is a most wonderful man.
He testified that ne saw through a stone
wall at a distance of forty yaras. It was
not exactly a stone wall that he saw
• through, or imagined he dhi, but he did
■ swear that he saw through three parti
tions at the distance named. His story
was this: When Mrs. Machado yelled,
Higuera was at his own house fifty yards
off. When he got within forty yards he
saw the dwarf holding Mrs. Machado with
one band and raining blows upon her
with the other. He was positive as to
the details, but could not explain just
how the dwarf's arm must have been
lengthened about three feet for the occa
sion, for he was positive that the lady did
not stoop, but was standing all the time.
According to the woman's testimony the
skirmish took place on one site of the
house, and according to Higuera's state
ment he saw it all, though forty yards
away, on the other side.
When these two witnesses had told their
impossible stories, the defendant's attor
ney asked the dwarf lo stand alongside
Mrs. Machado. In the faoe of the testi
mony the effect was ludicrous. Had he
stood on the lady's chair he could proba
bly -have struck her nose. While this
epectacle was being presented, the dwarf's
attorney asked for a nonsuit, as he did
not think it was any use making any de
fense.
Carl Wood, who represented the Dis
trict Attorney's office, looked as dignified
as he could and mildly stated that he did
not feel like opposing the motion of de
fendant's counsel.
Tie Judpe acquiesced; the great trial
was over; the little man was free.
When he descended from ttie courtroom
to the street he wes me: by a delegation
of ladies who had come all the way from
Niles Canyon to congratulate him or
sympathize with him, if necessary. The
little fellow is evidently very popular with
female society in Niles Canyon. He re
ceived their good wishes with becoming
modesty and was finally placed in a
wagon between two able lady protectors
and driven home. The littie man is 35
years of age and a bachelor.
Mrs. Machado walked off with her hus
band and no one offered her a wora of
sympathy, but there was ample proof that
the is not as popular in the semi-Indian
social circles of the canyon as the little
dwarf.
LEAVITT'S BILL.
He Will Withdraw It if Snob. Be the
Desire of the Public.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— interest in
Assemblyman Leavitt's proposed bill re
garding the Oakland water front increases
each day, as it is realized that the matter
is one of the gravest importance.
M>. Leavitt, the author of the bill, pub
lished a statement to-day, in which he
says that he is only anxious to work for
the best interests of his district, and that
the discussion would never have arisen
had not a garbled account of an interview
with him bean published last Tuesday.
His letter is as follows:
I desire to state clearly mv position con
cerniue the so-called "water-front" Dill. For
the past two yeara I have paid considerable
attention to the water front and harboi of
Oakland. During week days and often on
Sunday I have spent considerable time upon
and aiound the Oakland water front, watch
ing the different Improvements and trying to
get a practical view oX what is needed now
and has been needed for years around that lo
cality. During the campaign and since my
election it has been my main obje t to intro
duce and pass some bill which would De of Im
portance and benefit to the district which I
have the honor and pleasure to represent.
That portion of the city of Oakland lyfng below
beventh street and east of Adeline street is, as
we all know, in a very poor condition,
i Very few business houses are there, the ma
fjority of the streets showing nothing bnt poor
residences and shanties oi saloons. The first
query was, What couid bent-fit that district?
The answer was: Two things; the removal of
the steam car iine from Seventh street to First
street, and placing an electric road on Seventh
etreet, and tne improvement of the water
front. 1 took up the water-front matter be
cause I deemed it of more importance than
the other. The second query, How might this
■water front be improved and those vile mud
flats be done away with? Clearly it was not
the desire of the Oakland Water Front Com
pany to improve the property claimed by
them, and to which I firmly believe they have
no title. Secondly, the city of Oakland is ab
solutely incompetent to improve the water
front in any manner. - ..,-.-■
A deficit Is now staring the, city in the face.
There is no .■ money on hand to repair the
Eighth-street bridge, which has been block
aded .to travel for nearly two years. A boule
vard around Lake Merritt is in an uncom
pleted condition because of lack of funds.
Our streets are a burning shame : and a dis
grace to the community because of lack of
funds. The West Oakland marsh proposition
has been agitated for years, but no money
could be raised with which to change it into a
beautiful park, as has so long been desired. by
the people of that community. And I firmly
believe that it will be admitted by all fair
thinking men that the city is absolutely In
competent to care for and handle this vast
undertaking— building up of the water
front.
Who, then, could do this? Clearly no one
but the State of California, and I am still fur
ther convinced that nine-tenths of the citi
zens and taxpayers of this entire county de
sire that' the State of California should take
charge of this work, li has shown us In the
past that it is capable of handling this vast
undertaking. It has done so in San Francisco,
San Diego and the harbor of Humboldt Bay.
Then came the question of the present liti
gation that is being carried on by the City of
Oakland to recover its water front. I did not
at that time, nor do I now, desire in any way
to hamper this city in the good work that it is
doing. I talked to several prominent men
about the town about this matter and as to
what effect the introduction of such a bill
would have upon the case prosecuted by the
city. .
My conversation was with attorneys, and
they said that they did not think it could in
terfere In any way. I went to one whom 1
considered at that time to be my friend, the
Hon. W. R. Davis. I put to him this question:
"What effect would the introduction of such a
bill have on the present litigation?" • He said
in effect that that portion of the bill which
would repeal the act of 1853 he considered
would have no effect upon the present litiga
tion. He objected, nowever, to the State
taking control of the water front, and said he
would like to have it arranged so that the
Harbor Commissioners could be elected by the
city of Oakland. "But," he said, "I think we
oueht to wait until we get a decision in this
case." I then went to several other lawyers
and asked their opinion about the matter, and
they all agreed that the decision would be
handed down from the Supreme Court clearly
setting out the rights of the parties interested,
notwithstanding the passage of a bill of this
natuic.
I desired at that time to have a free, full and
complete discussion by the citizens of Oak
land, by the newspapers of Oakland and all
parties Interested, as to the advisability of
introducing this bill, and sol had a squib
published in the Tribune to the effct that I
was drafting such a bill. No attention was
paid to it for nearly two weeks, when I was
interviewed by an Examiner correspondent
and a garbled account of that interview was
publisned in the Examiner the next day and
hence the discussion. I have been approached
by many people since that time to discuss the
bill. No one disagrees with me so far in the
idea that the State should own and control
the water front, taking possession immediately
upon the passage of such an act, and compel
ling those who questioned its rights to go Into
the courts and fight. . "
The only question of disagreement is to the
time when such a bill should be Introduced —
now or at the end of the present litigation. It
is that question thai I would like to see de
cided by those most deeply interested— the
Merchants' Exchange and the Board of Trade.
I will most gladly abide by. their decision, and
shall be very much pleased to attend the meet
ing next Monday evening.
I am, indeed, sorry, though, that there are
some who cannot discuss this measure iairly
and impartially, and without stooping to per
sonalities. My motives have been absolutely
fair and myself free from the control of any
person or corporation, or any one, or anything
else than simply a desire to do what is best for
the district Unit I represent, for the City and
the entire State.
1 »
SALE ANNULLED.
Southern Pacific Property That Is
Declared to Be Twice As
i
sessed. ' ■
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec 24.— The sale of
the Seventh-street local track, 8000 feet of
pier and forty miles of track, sidings, etc.,
at Newark - and Centerville. which was
made by County Tax Collector Barber
last July, has been cancelled by Auditor
Wnidden. i^v'
. The cancellation has been made in ac
cordance with the order of the State Con
troller, on the ground that the. State
Board, of Equalization decided that the
property specified baa*' been doubly as
sessed, once by the State Board and once
by Assessor Dal ton.
There is nothing new in the transaction,
which was decided several months ago.
•—• — •
MANY OF A KIND.
Two More West Berkeley Hoodlums
Sent to Whittler.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— Martin
Wellborn, aged 13, and Charles Davis, 14,
were sent to Whittier to-day by Judge
Greene. The boys are specimens of
juvenile depravity, but are the children of
honest working-people. They have been
arrested m»ny times for small offonses,
but four days ago they broke into a house
at Berkeley and stole a gold watch and
some money.
There is a gang of little people at West
Berkeley who are leading each other
astray into crime. Within the past year
five of them have been committed to in
dustrial schools.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— Phoebe Da
vies and Joseph Urismer open this after
noon with "Humanity," which they play
for two nights and two matinees.
One of the most beautiful dramatic
sketches ever shown on the stage will
bold the boards at the Macdonotjgh Thea
ter next Friday and Saturday. January 1
and 2, when "The Old Homestead" will
be presented.
'■The Brownies," after their run at the
Baldwin, will begin a three nights' en
gagement at the Macdonough Theater,
Oakland.
Joseph Mnrphy will present "Kerry
Gow" January 25, at the Macdonough
Theater, Oakland.
Juror Downing Critically Sick.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— A. R. Down
ing, one of the jurors in the suit of the
Spring Valley Water Company against
Senator J. L. Beard of Irvington, is lying
at home in a very precarious condition
with pneumonia. To his original com
plaint has been added paralysis in the
n ad and physicians fear he may not re
cover. Mr. Downing was a pioneer of the
eastern section of the county, where he
owned large interests and has brought up
a large family, several of whom are mar
ried.
Stole Scores of Pile*.
OAKLAND, Caj», Dec. 24.— One by one
all the piles that were taken to Emery
ville for the purpose of completing the hie
wharf owned there by F. Mi Smith have
been stolen. A year ago, when work
ceased, a Jfarge stock of timber and piles
were left on the beach. Many of the piles
were ninety feet long and much of the
lumber was very heavy. The bay-shore
pirates, however, have stolen all the prop
erty, and the value of the thefts is not less
than $1000.
Caught While Robbing; a Sailor.
OAKLAND, Cal.., Dec. 24.— Two men
were arrested this morning while robbing
a sailor. They gave the names of Mike
Burke and Thomas McAvoy and are
known to be companions of Ed ftiley, at
whom Officer Phillips shot on Sunday as
he made his escape. Officer Kite saw
them take the watch and money from
Julias Dvbsend, mate of the brig Alexan
dria, and arrested them in the act.
To Deal in Meal
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— The Pleas
anton Meat Company has incorporated
with $25,000 of capital stock to conduct a
wholesale and retail batcher business and
all transactions necessary lor the purposes
of the corporation.
The capital stock la all subscribed by
residents of Pleasanton, es follows: W.
H. Martin, $6200; P. V. Weneing, $6200;
Charles H. Schwere, $6100; E. Schood,
$6100 and T. W. Harris, $400.
The Train Struck the Cook.
OAKLAND, Cai*, Dec. 24.— Frank Jen
kins, a little colored boy, was struck by a
train yesterday afternoon and severely
injured. The little fellow is assistant
cook in the special car that carries the
Mahara Minstrels, and lie was picking up
firewood when he was struck.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it fails to care. 2&o
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
ATTORNEY ARAM
IS NOT MISSING
Amused at the Account of
His Mysterious Dis
appearance.
LeTt the Emporium Building to
Resume His Practice in
Oakland.
No Need of Abnormal Anxiety as to
the Whereabouts of "the Can
didate With a Failing' 1
Oaklaitd Office Saw Fbancisoo Call,]
908 Broadway, D<-c. 24. , |
Attorney W. F. Aram and his wife were
highly amused last night to read in tbe
local papers dispatches from San Fran
cisco stating that he was missing. The
story as published was rather embarrass
ing, but it did not discommode Mr. Aram
when it was shown him.
Some months ago Mr. Aram, who was a
Populist candidate for Justice of the Peace
at the last election, left his legal haunts in
this county and was not beard of for a
long time. A little later all the San Fran
cisco dailies contained vary laudatory no
tices with pictures of Mr. Aram announc
ing that he had opened a handsome suite
of offices in the Emporium building, and
would henceforth devote his entire time
to that lucrative branch of his business
which is located in San Francisco.
The news that Mr. Aram had a lucra
tive branch of business in San Francisco
was a surprise to his many Oakland
friends, several of whom crossed the
bay to congratulate him and talk of other
mutters.
According to last night's dispatch Mr.
Aram was "missing." He had deserted
his elegant offices in tne Emporium build
ing and no one Knew where he wa^. Of
course there was "great anxiety" as to his
whereabouts, but for a wonder there were
no "fears of foul play."
As a matter of fact, Mr. Aram merely
crossed the bay and is now fitting up
offices in Oakland, preparatory to renew
ing his practice in this ciiy.
Mr. Aram is one of the oest known men
of Oakland. He is known as the attorney
who has but one fault, and because he
lias no more he was nominated for Justice
of the Peace. At that lively Populist con
vention there were several candidates put
forward for Justices. Many were young
men who, judging from the "numerous elo
quent tributes of their proposers and sec
onders, had nothing but virtues.
In this dilemma Tommy Roberts of
A. R. U. fame took the floor, and at
once set forth the name of William F.
Aram. Mr. Roberts referred to the fact
that Mr. Aram had one failing, but care
fully refrained from referring to it more
definitely.
As all Mr. Aram's friends were not
aware that he had a failing, manj were
inclined to think that Mr. Roberts spoke
rather harshly and all admitted that it
certainly was an original method of plac
ing a man in nomination. Mr. Roberts
spoke deprecatingly of men who had no
ladings, and drew such a strong contrast
between the virtue of a man who ac
knowledged to one weak spot in his moral
constitution and the doubt that always
surrounds a goody-goody candidate that
he captured the convention with his
rhetoric and W. F. Aram was nominated
by acclamation.
It is presumed that Mr. Aram has
moved back to Oakland for the purpose of
taking a prominent part in the approach
ing municipal campaign. The Populists
are talking of nominating him for City
Attorney, which office is also ex-offlcio
that of a police and Fire Commissioner.
TALKED OF CALIFORNIA;
A. J. Mac Murtry Returns From
Advertising This State in
Eastern Cities.
Great Interest Was Aroused, Especi
al y R garding the Dried Fruits
and Oil Interests.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec. 24. j
A. J. MacMurtryof this city returned to
day from a six months' trip through the
East on a wheel, where he went as a lec
turer to advertise and create interest in
California.
He reports that great interest is shown
in California fruits, and they are in de
mand in nearly every city and town in
New England.
"1 left here in June and went to Ohio,
taking my ptereopticon outfit. At first
we advertised our exhibit as an introduc
tion to the raisins, but this proved a fail
ure. We then omitted any mention of
our stock, but simply advertised a stere
opticon lecture on California. It took like
magic, and we had big houses right along
and would distribute pound boxes of fruit
through the audience. As a result we
could go to the stores Ihe next day and
place orders for considerable good?.
"In the New England towns we gave
three lectures a we.-k, charging 10 cents
admission, which paid our expenses.
There were three in my party. We had
large audiences as we always had the
opera house or the bes: hall in the towns.
In Burlington, Vt., we had an afternoon
and evening lecture, each of which were
attended by fully 2000 people. I found a
deep interest in our State in everything
that pertains to it and believe that such
advertising will be of untold benefit. It
will create a heavy demand for our fruits
and will also interest many to sell out and
come to this Stale to reside and become
producers.
"About the only fruit raised in the East
this year was apples, and they are really
worth nothing to the grower. At my old
home they had hundreds of barrels of the
finest apples. The market opened at $1
per barrel, but they held on to them, ex
pecting to get more, but to their surprise
prices fell to 75 cents per barrel. One
man who sent 3000 barrels to market lost
$30 on the transaction. In our own case
the barrels were emptied into large bins
in the cellar and most of them must be
fed to the cattle.
"My cyclometer showed that it had
carried me over 3000 miles. When the
fact is taken into consideration that I
never had an accident of any kino with
the wheel, not even the slightest break or
puncture, this is a remarkable showing."
THOUGHT HE WAS A GOAT.
Testimony of the Trainmen Who Killed
Gaudin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— At the in
quest held regarding the death of Joseph
Gaudin, whose dead body was found on
the railroad track two nights ago, it de
veloped that Engineer Robert Gray of the
Sacramento train saw an obstruction on
the track and thought it was a white goat.
He paid but little attention to it, suppos
ing that if it were a goat it would easily
get out of the way of the train.
The fireman testified that he thought it
was a piece of white paper, and neither of
them felt any jar to the engine. As it was
going about thirty-five miles an hour, this
is not remarkable.
It was suggested that Gaudin may have
been taken suddenly with heart failure, as
several witnesses who saw him before he
started for home testified that he was per
fectly sober.
OUT FOR CHRISTMAS.
Mrs. Pletz No. 2 Secures the Keleaae of
the Man Sbe Married Too
Soon.
OAKLAND, (Jal., Dec. 24— Mrs. Pletz
No. 2 or Miss Mcßride of Livermore, who
was married to F. M. Pletz in too much of
a hurry, was the happiest woman in the
county to-day. She managed to secure
bondsmen for her lover and now they will
spend Christmas together.
The little woman called at the County
Jail this afternoon. For several days she
has been trying to secure bonds so that
she might spend Christmas with the man
to whom she is wedded, but who, unfor
tunately, is not yet divorced from his first
wife, but she was not successful till this
evening.
Mrs. F. W. Plete, or, to be legally cor
rect, Miss Emily Mcßride of Livermore, is
the unfortunate woman who is not the
wife of the man she married. Fred Pletz
was arrested at the instance of his first
wife, who sued him for divorce several
months ago. The testimony was taken at
the time, and Pleiz, believing that the
decree had been recorded, married Miss
Mcßride. His first wife thereupon bad
him arrested for bipramy, and he has now
been two weeks in jail.
His second wife is very loyal and de
voied to tbe prisoner, and declares her
intention of being legally married to him
as soon as he is divorced from his first
wife.
It is very probable that the charge of
bigamy will not be pressed, as it is agreed
on all hands that Pletz thought he was
free to marry again.
The ba/rier to a happy Christmas for
Mr. Pletz and Miss Mcßride Pietz is the
failure of the first Mrs. Pletz to pay the
necessary fees to the court commissioner.
Twenty dollars would probably straighten
ont the complete tangle.
Since Pietz has been in jail his second
wife has been very attentive and loyal to
him, always seeing that his meals were
such as suited his taste.
A CHRISTMAS MELANGE.
How Rich, Poor, Grave and Gay Will
Celebrate in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.—Prepara
tions have been made for a joyiul celebra
tion of Christmas in this city. At many
churches the formal celebration of the
day will be observed on Sunday, but at
the Episcopal churches special services
will be held to-morrow.
With the exception of the Church of the
Immaculate Conception and the Sacred
Heart Church at Temescal, Christmas will
be observed in the Catholic churches next
Sunday.
At the West Oakland Home for Chil
dren and at the Temescal home all the
little waifs will receive suitable presents.
The inmates of the Home of the Adult
Blind have also been remembered by their
fn -nds and by tbe charitably inclined.
The King's Daughters will strive to at
tend to tbe wants of the poor during holi
day week, and they are being ably sec
onded by tne Salvation Army, which will
give a big free dinner on New Year's day.
Tbe Volunteers will give a Christmas
tree to poor little boys and girls at their
hall on Eighth street next Tuesday even
ing.
In the City and County Jail there will
also be Christmas, cheer for the inmates,
and the religious exercises will be at
tended to by the Salvation Army.
At the Macdonough Theater the
Grismer-Davies Company will present
"Humanity" at a matinee and again in
the evening, and the Mahara Minstrels
will hold the boards at the Oakland
Theater.
A splendid programme of events has
been prepared for the Oakland racetrack,
and will doubtless attract a large crowd.
WAITED MONTHS.
Mrs. Alice Corey Sues Her Husband for
s Divorce, Charging Him With
Desertion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 24.— Mrs. Alice
Corey, through her attorney, E. K. Tay
lor, to-day filed a suit for a divorce from
her husband, J. JbC. Corey. The only
assertion made in the complaint for cause
of action is desertion. Mr. Corey came to
this city about three years ago and no
one ever knew that he was not a bachelor
until about three months ago, when Mrs.
Corey suddenly dropped into his office
one morning and announced .her inten
tion of securing a divorce. A scene en
sued and Mr. Corey announced that he
already had one. Not satisfied, Mrs.
Corey hunted for the record, but failed to
find any.
Her attorney advised her that she must
reside in Alameda County for three
months in order to get her case in tbe
court. She took rooms and has remained
quietly biding her time.
Mr. Corey has not decided whether he
will contest the suit or let it go by default.
He has been divorced before.
Remembered the Poor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 24— The work of
the young people in making a merry
Christmas for the poor of this city has re
sulted in sixty needy families being well
cared for to-night. These number from
two to seven in each. Each expressed
great gratitude on receipt of a box of food
or clothing. Besides this, S4O is in the
bank. Many persons have donated food
and clothing direct without sending it to
the headquarters. The young people
have undoubtedly made this the happiest
of many years for this class of people. The
work originated with the Christian En
deavor City Union, but all of the Epworth
Leagues and the Baptist Unions have had
an equal share of the work and thanks.
Christinas Kxerclges.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 24.— AU social
events have given way this week to Christ
mas exeicises by the various Sunday
schools. Last evening was Methodist
night. At the Park-street Church a fine
musical and literary programme was pre
sented. The Santa Clara avenue Church
bad a tree with Santa Ciaus, the entire
programme being given by the little folks.
The M. E. Church Soutn also celebrated
the anniversary.
To-night the United Presbyterian Bun
day-school had a tree with a programme
of songs and recitations. The First Pres
byterians will observe next Monday even
ing. A fine stereopticon exhibition of the
life of Ben Hnr will be followed by a Sun
day-school social, with refreshments for
all.
One Delivery of the Malls.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 24.— T0-morrow
will be observed as a holiday by all of the
city officials, banks and other public
offices of this place. The postoffice will
be open from 10 to 12, but a delivery will
be made after tne overland arrives. This
is a change from the old rule, which
caused the delivery to be made in the
morning, as in other cities.
Negroes and Indians rarely if ever be"
come bald.
CASTORIA
fFoi 'lnfants and Children.
Thfie- /?
■■■ '■' ' tiaile '*: .''S^~)fr- : ;". ■ ' //<fs™"^^ Is ra •':
YEARNING FOR
MORE PHILOSOPHY
Professor Howison Already
Looking for Another
Lecturer.
In Correspondence With Several
Eastern Writers and
Teachers.
The Philosophical Union Will Meet
Next Monday Night to Consider
■ Finances..
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 24.— President
G. H. Howison of the Philosophical Union
at the State University is already prepar
ing for the next general meeting and dis
cussion of that organization. It is his
purpose to continue, if possible, the estab
lished custon of haying some distin
guished philosopher to visit Berkeley
every year for the purpose of addressing
the union.
No selection for next year has yet been
made, however. Professor Howison is in
correspondence with several Eastern philo
sophical authors and teachers regarding
the matter, and expects to have complete
arrangements made in the near future.
On next Monday evening the union will
hold a meeting, at which the financial side
of the question will be considered.
In the cases of both Dr. Josiah Royce,
who came out from Harvard last year,
and Dr. John Watson, who came from
Canada last May to lecture, their entire
expenses were borne by the union; but in
the instance of Dr. William Harris,
who has just completed his engagement,
only a part has been defrayed by the
Union, as he came at the invitation of
both the Union ana the State Teachers'
Association, which organization he will
address at San Jose next weetc.
As a result of these lectures the finan
cial side of the union has been considera
bly taxed, and next Monday evening the
question oi raising more funds will be
talked over.
Christmas Services
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 24.— Special
Christmas services will be held in nearly
all of the Berkeley churches to-morrow.
At St. Mark's Episcopal elaborate prep
arations have been made, particularly as
recards the music.
Among the selections for the service at
11 o'clock will be a procesional hymn,
"AdesteJfidelis"; "Venite" (Woodward)
in A: "Te Deum," (Stephens), in C; "Ben
dlctus" (Barnby), in E; introit hymn, "Of !
a Father's Love Begotten"; ancient plain
song, words and music of the sixth cen
tury; offertory anthem, "Behold I Bring
You Good Tidings," by Simper.
A carol sarvice was held this evening
for children.
At Trinity Methodist, a sunrise prayer
meeting will be held to-morrow morning
at 7 o'clock.
The Christmas service of the First Pres
byterian Church will be held next Sunday
evening, and will be conducted largely by
the children.
The pupils of the West Berkeley Meth
odist Sunday-school held a Christmas eve
festival to-night ac the church, on Seventh
street. A long programme of exercises
was rendered.
Paters on-Grans;er Nuptials.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 24.— The wed
ding of Henry R. Paterson and Miss Eliz
abeth Granger, both of Berkeley, took
place this evening at tne residence of the
bride's mother on Milvia street. The cer
emony which united the happy couple
was performed dv Rev. J. Clark Robbins,
pastor of the North Berkeley Congrega
tional Church. Only a few of the most
intimate friends of the contracting parties
were present at the ceremony.
The bride is well known at the north
end, and the groom until yesterday was a
member of the firm of Paterson & Voll
mer, when he bought out his partner's
interest.
Brief News Items.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec 24.— Paul Re
vere Lodge No. 28, Jr. O. U. A. M., has
elected officers for the ensuing term as
follows:
Councilor, A. 8. J. Woods (re-elected) j vice
councilor, J. R. Ayer; assistant recording sec
retary, Paul C. Truman (re-elected) ; warden,
E. J. Stewart (re-elected); conductor, Will
Sauires; chaplain, C. R. Lord; inside sentinel,
j. C. Bherratt; outside sentinel, B. A. Truman
(re-elected); trustee, J. F. Farrar (re-elected);
representative to State council, J. C. Bherratt.
Rev. Edward B. Payne, pastor of the
Unitarian Society, was tendered a farewell
reception by the members of his church
last evening. He will preach his last ser
mon in Berkeley next Sunday.
The complete list of the Berkeley foot
ball-players who left for Southern Cali
fornia yesterday, where they will play the
Los Angeles Athletic Club to-morrow,
were: Ransome, Sherman, Hall, Craig,
Kennedy, McNutt, Hopper, Waltball,
Simpson, A very, Castlehun, Ludlow,
Arkley and Bender.
A TRAMP'S CHRISTMAS.
Blnffed a Bank Cashiflr In an Attempt
to Get Coin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24.— A seeay
looking tramp, who did not see his way
clear to spend a merry Christmas, entered
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank this
morning and told Cashier James McKee a
story of his hard luck.
"I must have some money," declared
the tramp; "I have got nothing but the
smallpox." Cashier McKee was at a loss
how to handle his visitor, so he stepped to
a doorknob near him and pressed it as
though to make a call with an electric
bell. The tramp saw the movement and
took to his heels.
The cashier immediately rushed into an
adjoining drugstore, and was not satisfied
until he had been fumigated from head to
foot.
FREE FOR CHRISTMAS,
A Man Charged With Murder Liberated
: ■.'■.,'" . -by a' Jin ■ , • -' -■ -:;
OAKLAND, Cal.. Dec. 24. — Antonio
Devencenzi > was r. found not guilty this
morning of  the murder of Felice. Varni
in the San Leandro hills about r» year ago.
The jury was only out -fif..."n; minutes
and 1 took -; two i; ballots. ;• The - first- stood
eleven for acquittal and one blank; the
second resulted in unanimous acquittal:. <;
.Varni. was shot to death while on a
hunting ;: ; trip with "f. Devencenzi, Ghira
deill and Lazaretto, tils body was found
riddled with bullets and his three com
panions were I charged v with •; the murder.
They were tried separately and ear h was
acquitted. Colonel Thomas fF. Garrity
was Devencenzi's attorney. .:>• , .r .
Harlow Is Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Dec 24.— L. C. Har
low, the man who tired two shots yester
day at his former partner, was arraigned
this morning on a charge of assault to
murder. His preliminary examination
will be held next Tuesday. Judge Wood
fixed the bail at $2500,
Telephoned Through a Man.
A carious telephone incident occurred
at Rock Dell, Minn., last week. In some
way the telephone wire had been cut and
previous to repairing it two youne men of
that vicinity undertook a novel experi
ment. One of them, Turger Anderson,
went to the Rock Dell store and the other,
John Lindale, took an end of the broken
wire in each hand. The two men set their
watches alike, so there could be no mis
take. . Torger took down the receiver and
rang up Oslo. Although Lindale received
a severe shock he kept hold of the. wires
and the ; message was > clearly,- conveyed
through his ; body. ■-In like > manner Tor
ger Anderson telephoned to Dodge Cen
ter and to Austin and the message and re
plies were heard as clearly as though the
wire wasn't mended with a human being.
Lindale was four miles ■ away from the
store and remained there fifteen minutes,
in accordance with the ) agreement. Tele
phoning through a man is not customary,
but it is certainly wonderful. —Boston
Journal. , ;. '; .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"George W. and Mary S. Halght to Patrick lately,
lot on S line of Green street, 109 Wot Folk, a
9:6, 8W 30, N 26, E 25:«10.: • .' -;
Meyer Ludqo to Morris JL»ndo, lot on N line of
H.aight street, 26 W of .Webster, W 25 by X 100;
$10. ;- . ■ - ■ :>'- -.' ■■-.. ■ : .■•■•:-;:.-•.',;-:
- Margaret and William' McCormlck to Louis
Frledlander, los'on S line of McAllister street,
37:6 Wof fierce, \V 26 by 100: «30. ' i
Julius L. Franklin to Pauline Franklin, lot on N
line olJHayes street, 100 B of Broderlck, £ -5 by N
137:6;g1hV- ; ;
Crocker Estate Company to Maurice Kosenthal,
lot on \V line of Shrader street, 100 N of Frederick,
M 26 by \V 131:3: $10. ■.■>. .
" ba'me to George W. Hinkel, lot on 8W corner of
Shrader and Beulah, H 75 by W 106:3; 810.
' John £. and Kate C. Millar to Mary A. ToDln.
lot on the iHJB corner of Hermann and Stevenson
streets, X 27:6 by S 85, quitclaim deed; $6..
City and County of :• on i^runcisco to ueorge F.
Buck, lot on the NW corner of Twenty-fifth and
York streets, \v 60 by N 104: $ . ■-■■■
.William and a T. Nlcol to Nellie E. Blair, lot on
E line of Eureka street, 147:6 a of Twentieth, S
25 by E 125: »10.
< Louis and Hose Llpmann to William Hlarslns, lot
on line of Army street, 133:4 Wof Diamond, W
»6:Bby 8 114; $10. ;
' Jane. I* Stanford (executrix Of . estate of Leland
Stanford) to Jane L. Stanford (as specific d-vlsee),
lot on sw corner of Powell and California streets,
8 275 by W 200:3: also lot on NE corner of Cali
fornia and Powell streets, X 115:6 by £ 67; also
certain personal property..' . . ' .
•' John G. and B. Klumpke to Samuel P. Blumen
berg, lot on NW line or Channel street, 409 11-15
bW of Seventh, NE 27:5 1-5 by NW I*o, quit
claim dee I: if 6. , •• .-• ■•■■,.-■■
, Charles Clarke to Ev*von Detten, lot on W line
of Ninth avenue. 150 Not Point tiobos avenue, N
25 by W 120: *10. ' '.<■:
< Jacob and Lin a Hey man to i Harry O. Warwick,
lo: 818, Gift Mapa; $10._. •:'x .■ -
Miugie P. Cheesman (by Morton J. Cheesman,
attorney) to Wellington E. Lake, lot 12, block 26,
West Knd Map No. 1: 8500. .
" Lizzie M. and peorge E. Souther to Carrie E.
Bridge (wife of Henry 5. Bridge), lot on 8 line of
Sixteenth avenue. 100 E of X street, K25 by 8
100, bern, lot 5, block 383. Haley Tract; RIO.
'- George Darsie to Charles Alsup, lot 37, block 4,
Lakeview; $250.
. Charles a. Harmon to same, lot on W line of
Brighton avenue, 128:4 8 of grand ocean boule
vard. S2b by W 112:6; $10.
Margaret Powelson toGlambatlsta Battlo, lota 8
to 11, 38 and 39. block 525, Haley purchase west
of and adjacent to Hudson Tract; $700.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
John Gray to William Walker, lot ou W line of
Hannah street, 3f>o 5J of B, N V! sby W 133, being
subdivision C, in lot 7, block 797, SVatts Tract
Map 2, Oakland ; S lO.
Columbian Mutual Benefit and Loan Associa
tion to Koh-rt A. Humphrey, lot on 8 line of
Thirty-third (or Xolan) street, 438.35 W of TaieJ
gr pii aveuue, S 123, W 35, N 153:2, SK 51.461
to b ginning, b<>ing portion of lots 1 and 2, Boston
Tract, Oafeland; 810.
Mary E. Koyce (wife of L. D.) to Oakland Build- i
Ine an i I.ohu Association, lot on S line of Carrisoa
street, 291:8 X of >-au Pablo avenue, E 33:4, 8
127.66 W 33:4, N 126.13 to beginning, belnt; the
X 331/3 feet of lot 10, block I), Carrlson Tract,
Berkeley : «10.
G. F. yon Mill fried- Rattonitz to Helen yon StUt
fried Km luniiz. lots 14, 16, 18, 20, 21 and N half
of lot 22, block 15, Daley's scenic Park Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage for 91750, Berkeley; gift.
John Gray to William « alter, lot on N line of
Seminary avenue (or county road No. 1611),
1986 6>i E from Kline of county road No. 1625,
the. cc h. 135.36 by NE 643.60, being lots 45 »nd
77, Kingslaiid Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Michael and Margaret Kane to Artnur W. Scott,
lot 0.1 N line of San Antonio avenue, 60 W of Wil
low street. W 60 by a 150, being lot 8 in E half
of block O, lands adjacent to Eaclnal, Alameda;
$10.
H. D. and Carrie M. Irwln to Frances A. Raleigh,
lot 15, block C. Oaskill Tract, subject to a mon
gaee for 8250, Oakland Township; $10.
Frances A. Raleigh to Marcelin P. Kaleigh, lot
on E corner of 1 air view avenue find Kint! street,
S 100 by E 120, being ot 57 and portion of lot 68,
bloc -, lands Regent-street Homestead Associa
tion Berkeley; Sit).
Marce in P. Kalelgh to Anson S. Blase, same,
Berke;ey; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. Vogel with A. UcLauchlin, to erect a one
story couage on X iine of lwelfth avenue. 175 8
Of California street, A. Vogel architect; $1290.
Samuel B. W lch with Lelter A Prugb, to erect
a two-tory frame building on SW corner of Pa
cine avenue and Pierce street, i-gar A. Mathews
architect; $6938.
THE ONLY EMPEROR-EDITOR.
He Controls the Oldest Newspaper in
the World.
The Emperor of China ia, to a certain
extent, the editor of the famous Peking
Gazette.
This is the oldest newspaper in the
world, and it has been published almost
daily for 800 years. It was read by the
Chinese centuries before Columbus discov
ered America, and it was 600 years old
when the first daily newspaper of our civil
ization began its publication.
It is nothing like our newspapers, how
ever.
The copies, which are sent all over
China, are more like tbe cheapest of pat
ent medicine almanacs than anything else.
They are bound in yellow covers and are
printed on the thinnest of rice paper.
A page of the Peking Gazette is about
three inches wide and seven inches long,
and there are sixteen pages and upward
in each issue. The newspaper begins at
the back instead of at the front. The
lines run up and down instead of across,
and you read from right to left across the
page instead of from left to right as with
as. It has no advertisements, no edi
torials and no social gossip.
The Government allows no comments
on its actions, and it is a crime to add to
or subtract from its matter in its publi
cation.
The newspaper is made up of official
acts and reports, and such of the reports
as the Emperor thinks ought to be pub
lished are looked over by him and he
marks with a re<l pencil his comments
upon them. These are pasted on bill
boards outside the palace, and the scribes
copy them into books, which are sent out
each day. — Spare Moments.
An Unfortunate Break.
In s letter that recently reached this
country, written by one of Queen Victo
ria's soldiers, who was with his regiment
m arching against the dervishes in the
E gyptian campaign, is a little amusing
story of a certain soldier who disliked the
intense beat of the country and sought In
every kind of way to obtain some excuse
for quittine the service. It seems he com
plained to the doctor of his eyes, claiming
that he was so near-sighted that he could
not with safety lire off his gun for fear of
hitting a comrade instead of an enemy.
"Dear me," said the doctor, "this is a
serious matter. Now tell me what you
mean by near-sighted."
"Well, sir," said the soldier, and he
looked around thoughtfully as if in search
of some idea, "it is an example you want.
Ah I I have one. Can yon see that pin
lying in a corner over there?"
' "Why, yes. And I should say it re
quired excellent eyesight to see it, too,"
replied the doctor.
"Well, that's my trouble, sir, I can't
see it."
The poor man is still wondering why he
Is not sent back to the home station. —
Harper's Round Table.
The death plant of Java has flowers
which continrtally give off a perfume so
powerful as to overcome, if inhaled for
any length of time, a full-grown man, and
which kills all forms of insect life that
come under its influence.
]^S^ MAHHOOD BESTORED,?"-"'"'
I£S^— OrJ i?^P --*. _l ■liriliillwwlM' IBGaV I Wlll«WVitalizer,thepre3crip.
X\T *<5 & &23 **? Sf t!on or a j aaioa9 French physician, will quickly euro you of all ne£
I VSS^y i / %}? ff ivous or diseases the generative organs, Manhood/
LSI wwl SMm , •••• •»■• •*»**■* ••■■V I WlttaWVltalizer.theprescrlp.
W *? Pv WW **? Sf t!on 0I a j* 03038 French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\K AJ IC ;H y°M or dishes of the generative organi, such as lost MMhood^
I S h&kl A* «^mJ Insomnia, Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous DeoW
ft ViT^ V **T Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains. Varicorele and
1 >C T V V Constipation. It stops a 1 losses by day or night Prevents quick.
i \-/ Nsl*/ ness of discharge, which if not checiced leads to Spermatorrhoea and
IBEFO R C .ho AFTER tne hor^?r?° r Ijnpotency. CVPIDEHE cleanses theUver, th«
I.T &r - """ *™ v .**.r .. fc If kidneys and the nrmaryorsrana ol all Imparltlea, -■ ■
™ 1 dTPITJENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. : .. . - »*4^^^PSPBHH|
v- ■•■• <-■ '} The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c»nt are troubled wltli
; Proatatltla. CDPIDENE is the only kno«»i remedy to cure without an op*- ration. 8000 testlmonE
: al.i. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent ear&
$1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mall. Bend for fbie circular and testimonials. i^.>.'*. r^;
Address DAVOL MKUICINJB CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by.
;. : BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell street
SPITTING MENACES
PUBLIC HEALTH
An Attempt to Stop It by
Means of Local Leg
islation.
Dr. Sarah Shuey of the Board
of Health Is Seconded by
the Council.
A Prohibitory Ordinance Will Cer
tainly Be Passed, tmt Will It
Be Enforced ?
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec. 24. f
Within a few days the City Council will
discuss, prior to its final passage, an order
prohibiting expectoration on the street,
in public halls and on streetcars. There
will be no difficulty about passing the
ordinance, but experience has proved that
it is practically impossible to enforce it.
About a year ago the Trustees of Ala
meda passed just such an ordinance and
it is a dead letter on its statute-book.
Two or three arrests were made, but no
conviction could be secured and the law
was declared to be inoperative — not by the
Trustees, but by the public. There is as
much tobacco juice to-day on Alameda'a
sidewalks as there was a year ago.
About a month ago Dr. Sarah I. Shuey,
the lady member of the Oakland Board of
Health, secured the passage of a resolu
tion by the board requesting the Council
to pass such a measure for this City. The
ordinance is very short and was readily
accepted by the Council. Dr. Shuey made
a very plausible and theoretical argument
against the present objectionable methods
employed by the male sex in public
places. She talked of baccilli, tubercules,
atoms, microbes, germs and other scien
tific things, and there is no doubt that the
Councilmen were deeply impressed with
tne necessity for immediately suppressing
such a fearful calamity as mi^lit be sup
posed to follow the present fashion of
patronizing sidewalks instead of cuspi
dors.
Tbe measure will undoubtedly be passed
and will just as undoubtedly be another
of the inoperative ordinances now form
ing a part of the city charter.
San Francisco has also taken up the
same subject, but whether as a joke or in
earnest ia not easy to determine.
GRACIE IS HAPPY.
Though Nature Was Unkind to Her,
Science Cornea to Her
Rescue.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 24— One of the
happiest scholars to leave the Deaf, Dumb
and Blind Institute for her Christmas
holiday is little Gracie Sperow, a deaf,
dumb and blind girl, Who is but ten years
of age.
The cause of Grace's loyousness is the
fact that she has made so much progress
in her studies. Last August the protessors
at the university undertook the task of
giving the little girl an education. As she
was so completely handicapped by total
loss of sight and almost total loss of hear
ing and speech, it was acknowledged that
the task undertaken is a very severe one.
The experiment was commenced ia?t
August and Grace was taught to read
raised letters with her fingers. Her hear
ing has shown a slight indication of im
provement, and although she will never
hear with any degree of clearness, there is
hope that with steady practice she will
partly overcome this deformity. The case
is one that has presented an interesting
study to the professors, as it is the most
difficult ever undertaken at the institu
tion.
The girl has a very quick brain and is a
very apt scholar, and makes up somewhat
by a retentive memory for the loss of
other senses.
The intrinsic value of one penny is less
than a farthing.
\ SEW . TO-DAY."
iß^^^V* -^- J^ii3^vl^^ I II ItL n ■ I I ■1 m
trap FOODS
Comparative tests, mads
f"-'.-J^^^ at the Uniyenity of Cilifor*
/OATMFAI l " *"•• Btrkeley. «how that
I 1 « I : COCOA has nearly twice
\ f/O j tbe Fat'fortning yakie of
*■ \;'-- ' J : Beefsteak, three time* that of
''•V^. - ,*^'\ . Eggs, and four time* that of
■ V - - . .OatmeaL .
GhirardellTs Cocoa
Is pure and freshi it supplies in a highly agreeable form,
the animal heat necc»sary to resist cold weather. M
Cups 25c, at all Grocer*. . ' ■ ■
yT^V Dr. Gllbbori's Dispensary,
'JUk^Mjl <J 2*> KEABST ST. Established
' Kf*|l"TH»fnJBs4 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iiioKKARXTXT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
litaensffl, Lout Manhood. Debility or
G&wWsSfra disease wearingon bodyand mind and '
•fclS9«3B®!za Skln Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
Jbw^^S others fall. Try him. Charges low.
■ <'nrp«|rnaranlrf)l. Callorwrlt«.
Dr. J. *', tiIBBUN. Box 1937. 5 an Francisc*
1112
RATES WILL COME
BEFORE THE COURT
Action by the Railroad
Commissioners Will
Not Bar That.
Proceedings Will Be Rapid Fol
lowing the Demurrer
Is Settled.
Thorough Inquiry With the Aid of Al!
Facilities Procurable for
Reaching Facts.
Whether the Board of Railroad Com
missioners shall or shall not elect to go
ahead and investigate the rates of tn°
Southern Faciric Company it is certain
that tbe rates will be carefully inquired
into! in the United States Circuit Court,
before Judge McJienna. Tnis fact has
been made public previously through the
columns of The Call. Nothing has hap
pened to change this programme, nor will
anything happen to set it aside, unless tbe
court shall sustain the demurrer which
recently was filed by the Attorney-Gen
eral.
Snoula the demurrer be overruled there
is no doubt that tbe answer of special
counsel for the Railroad Commissioners,
headed by the Aetorney-General, will get
in iheir answer promptly, and events will
rapidly develop thereafter. The court
will furnish all the machinery necessary
'or an expert examination of books,
tßriff--, accounts, railway officials, and all
sources of information which may yield
iigQt upon the proper basis of rate-
Making.
While counsel for the Railroad Commis
sioners have invariably declined to be in
terviewed on tbe subject of their acts and
attitude concerning the pending contro
versy, information is authentically de
riV3rt that they do not believe tnat the
railroads ot this State can be estimated as
worth any more than tliey can be repro
duced for as a basis for estimating the
reasonableness of rates. They also believe
that, wlii!e operating expenses may be
made by skillful bookkeeping to appear to
be very heavy, it will not be impossible
nor very difficult to aecertain what the
actual facts are.
So, whatever the Railroad Commission
. ers may do the pending proceedings in
the United States Circuit Court furnish
the means for the most complete investi
gation into the operations or" the South
ern Pacific Company that has been made,
and these opportunities will be made use
of fully.
While the Railroad Commissioners may
yet undertake to investigate rates the ma
chinery for such work is more easily at
Land in the court. The appearance of wit
nesses who are competent to discuss the
making tip of freight tariffs on even terms
with the Southern Pacific Company mieht
create a sensation, but that may be the
only way to get at the facts.
SHE BIDED HER TIME.
He Told Her All About a Wonderful
Creek and Got a Pointer in Return.
Perhaps the most popular man con
nected with the Yellowstone Park Trans
portation Company is CaDtain E. C. Culver
of Gardner. In audition to the duties of
Justice of the Peace he makes a daily trip
on the park train and personally inter
views every man, boy, woman and child
who travels on it.
He is a walking encyclopedia of park
information. He knows the height of
every peak, the altitude of every import
ant location and can give you Professor
Hayden's theory of the park's seologica!
formation. Besides all this he is a prince
of pood-fellows and has a fund of humor
which sometimes carries him away wnen
touching ap descriptions and legends of
the nark.
Home time ago the captain had an ex
perience which was too good to keep, and
he gave it away to a friend in town. He
was going from the springs to Cinnabar,
and there were these very bright young
ladies on the coach. One of them
asked if it were customary to have so
many mosquitoes in bo high an altitude.
The captain assured her that it was not un
usual; that they were increasing year by
year; that no 'mosquitoes were ever
known in the park until, about eight years
a;ro, a New Jersey scnoolma'm had care
lessly inc!o?ed some in her trunk and let
them out at Mammoth Hot Springs, when,
like rabbits in Australia, they became an
increasing pest.
All agreed that it was remarkable, but
one girl seemed to carry a smile of in
credulity. As the conversation continued
Mr. Culver was asked what he considered
the most remarkable thing in the park.
He said that if beauty and grandeur
were to be left out of the count, he
thought the most ''remarkable thing" was
Alum Creek, a little stream patting into
the river between the falls and the lake.
Origininally, he said, the distance be
tween the hotels at the lake and the falls
was twenty-six miles, but when they com
menced to sprinkle the road between the
two places with water taken from Alum
Creek some years ago they soon found
the distance between the hotels shortened
by about eight miles. As the hotels were
then only about eighteen miles apart and
the road still shrinking, the super.n
tendent ordered tnem to use no more
water from Alum Creek. And then the
captain told another little legend about
the creek that was quite well authenti
cated. La--t year, he said, a party went
through the park on a camping tour, and
a young lady with them came into the
par* wearing No. 8 shoes. Alter camping
on Alum Creek two days and bathing her
feet fhe went home wearing a pair of ho.
z gaiters.
At this point the girl with the incredu
lous smile said to him:
"Don't you think it would be a good
plan to bathe your bead in that creek a
time or two?" — Livingston Post.
THE DOMINIE'S LUCK.
A Gambler Willing to Pay Liberally
for the Newcomer 1 ! Secret.
A lew years ago, before the iron horse
bad brought in a rush of settlers and had
made traveling a pleasure as compared
with the old stage-coach days, a devout
Methodist minister had invaded the foot
hills of the Rockies and, with light heart
and light pocket, was penetrating as best
he could into the further interior, where
he hoped to carry the glad tidings to the
mining camps. One day, after Calgary
had been left behind and wnen the stage
stot ped to make its change of horses at a
spot not particularly attractive, there
being < nly a few miners' huts and a board
ing-house or two, he signified bis inten
tion to walk a mile or so until the stage
should overtake him.
Phi'Osophizing on the great future in
store for this wonderful country he came
to the rorks of a tra 1 and was donbtfui as
to which he ought to take. He chose one,
however, and walking on for some time
and the stage not overtaking him he re
traced his steps, only to rind, by tbe well
defined marks in the trail, that tbe stage
coach had gone by on the other trail.
There was nothing for it but to return to
the settlement and wait another week for
the next stage.
It was Saturday and the next day was
Sunday, so he decided to improve the op
portunity by giving a sermon to the
miners. His discourse was eloquent, and
that there should be no question about h.s
denominational leanings a collection was
taken up, at the suggestion of one of the
audience.
The next day Rabe Garulson came up
from Montana. Rabe was one of the most
expert gamblers in the Western country,
and made periodical visits to the ruining
camps for the purpose of entertaining the
boys, and, incidentally, helping himself.
He was popular, and his presence in the
town meant a hoiidav for the entire camp.
Noticing the stranger over in the corner
of the room, Rabe asked the landlord who
he was. He was confidentially informed
that he was a knowing one, that he had
a new game and had cleaned the boys out
on Sunday.
"Cleaned them out, eh? Well, he mast
have a new game."
"Yes; cleaned them out. They have
not a 'bit' left."
Shortly afterward Rabe made bis way
over to the stranger and, after the usual
remarks as to the weather, said:
"They tell me you have got a new game.
Now, I'm no hog, but am willing to pay
you well if you let me into it."
"Why, I" don't understand you," said
the preacher.
"Oh, well, that's all right; but if you
cleaned out the boys it must be a good
one, and I'll pay well for it."
Again came the protest that his language
was not understood. At last it began to
duwn on Rabe that there was some mis
understanding.
Returning to the landlord he said:
"You've put me on the wrong lay. I be
lieve that man's a preacher."
"Why, certainly. He preached a corker
of a sermon yesterday, and at collection
time the boys showed their appreciation
by giving him every cent they had."
Rabe went back to the minister's corner,
and, making his apologies, said, diving
into his pockets, "Here, you may not
want this yourself, but you may meet
some one who does," he placed a $50 roll
in the hands of the preacher. It was a
game that called even him. — Brandon bun.
• ♦ »
SEEING WITH THE SOUL'S EYE.
Psychologists Listen to liemarkable
Statements.
The Buffalo Psychical Research Society
■ met yesterday afternoon at Dr. Sarah
Morris 1 home on Franklin street to listen
to Senor Julian de Ovies on "The X Rays
of Psychology a Known Quantity."
Senor de Ovies spoke lor over an hour
on the fundamental principles of psy
chology, pointing out the mistake partici
pated in quite generally, even by savants,
that psychology was the science of the
mind as it affected the properties of the
rive senses, and as their functions are
known and observed. It is not in tnis way
that the lecturer treated his subject. He
went further than this.
With the physical eye man can see ob
jects. His range of vision can pierce a
limited distance in space. All this his
mental eve can do, and much more. The
mental eye is restricted by no distance
limitations. Senor de Ovies taught that
the blind man whose sightless orbs stare
into vacancy in a physical sense can yet
see by means of his mental eye. He dis
peileJ the terrors of blindness. Not Dy
word of mouth did he prove his assertion,
but he essayed to give practical demonstra
tion of its truth. The audience, which
filled all the available space in the parlors,
listened with rapi attention to the truly
wonderful doctrines voiced by the lec
turer, and when it came to demonstrating
his Deliefs and expositions of the powers
of the mental eye were given, the audience
was spellbound. It is hard to believe that
a blind man can read a boot. Yet he did
it. He gave answers blindfold to written
questions which he had never seen. He
distinguished colors by the sense of feel
ing alone. More than this, he distin
guished colors without so much as touch
ing them.
But before making these demonstrations
he explained the reasons why they were
made possible. He said that he was not
possessed of any occult gifts peculiar to
himself. Any person excepting a fool or
an imbecile had within him this mind's
eye, which could be brought under con
t oi if a proper knowledge of the wurk
ings and possibilities were understood.
The student in psychical research edu
cates the god within him, while the physi
cal man only rducates the animal within
him. The X ray can only please that
sense called sight, while the X ray of the
soul is that wtuca sees because it feels.
When we see objects with our soul's eye
we need r.o sense of touch; we need no
phvsicai eyes to see, nor ears to hear.
He cited the case of the famous Miss
Kellar, who is blind, deaf and dumb, yet
reads and writes on subjects which a per
son with physical Bight would think it
were absolutely imperative to see in order
to describe, bhc is enabled to do this by
the X ray of the soul which every man
aud woman possesses.
"Jesus Christ never came on earth to
mystify us." said Senor de Ovies. "The
development of the psychical power be
longs to every one of us, and can be as
sisted by proper diet, proper mode of
living, charity, love to all, and other aids
to a more rapid development. The soul is
the real 'us,' the ego. When we speak of
the mmd of man in the generally accepted
sense, we make a mistake. It has noth
ing to do with the soul whatsoever.
There is an enveloping something which
surrounds and is attached to the oody of
every beine by a cord. This is called the
ora. This ora may go far from the body,
may cross lands and seas, but it is still
connected with the body by this insepar
able cord which acts as an agent of com
munication between the two.
"A gland is situate. l at the base and
back part of the brain which is known as
the pineal eye," Baid the speaker. "I
defy any anatomist to explain any physi
cal function for this gland. It is the seat
of tbe soul."
Senor de Ovies then exhibited several
pieces of different colored cloths, and said
he would show that a person carefully
blindfolded can tell the different colors by
sense of touch. Three subjects in the au
dience volunteered their services. One
was blindfolded so as to preclude any pos
sibility of seeing. A disinterested person
then gave the subject one of the pieces of
cloth to touch with the fingers. Promptly
the subject would tell the color. This
demonstration was several times repeated.
Last of all the lecturer himself showed the
remarkable capabilities of tbe mental eye.
First his eyes were closed and sealed
with adhesive plasters. Two napkins
were folded over nis eyes and bound on
with a black handkerchief. An assistant
volunteered to wave the cloth before his
face, ard he told each separate color. Mem
bers of the audience passed handkerchiefs
and different colored articles to test the
lecturer. This exhibition was explained
as the results of ether waves acting on tbe
soul's eye.
But most surprising was the concluding
exhibition. Several notes were written on
paper and passed to Senor de Ovies, blind
folded as before. By touching the writing
his "soul's eye" read the contents, and he
readily wrote correct answers to the notes.
Books were given him. He would place
his band over tbe printing and tell the
title of the book.— Buffalo Courier.
Thomas Jefferson's Fountain Pen.
As long as 1824 fountain pens were in
use, for in that year Thomas Jefferson
saw a contrivance of this sort, tried it,
and wrote to General Bernard Peyton of
Richmond asking him to get him one of
them. The pen was of gold and the ink
tube of silver, and, according to Jeffer
son's letter, the' maker was a Richmond
watch repairer named Cowan. Th*» price,
as he understood, was fivepence. The first
American pat»nt for a fountain pen was
granted in 1830 to one Douglass Hyde, but
the earliest English patent was issued
twenty-one years before.— New York
Times.
- — » — #. — •
The first real estate transaction recorded
waa the purchase of the field of Mach
pelab by Abraham, in the cave of which
he buried Sarah, his wife. Abraham paid
400 shekels of silver for the field.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
GIFTS FOR MANY
LITTLE TODDLERS
Joy Brought to the Hearts
of Hundreds of
Children.
Annual Christmas Festival of
the Pioneer Kindergar
ten Schools.
Good Work Accomplished by the Vol
untary Contributions of the
Charitable.
The annual Christmas festival of the
Pioneer kindergarten schools took place
at Golden Gate Hall Saturday afternoon.
Three hundred children, from tnreo to
six years of age. from the three schools
Waiting for Their Presents.
which are supported by this society were
made happy with a Christmas tree and
presents of clothing, candy, fruit and
other things that delight the little toddler.
The little ones all wore artistic paper caps,
made by their teachers, and presented a
pretty sight as they played their games
and went through with their characteristic
exercises.
The schools supported by this society,
which is maintained entirely by voluntary
contributions, are the Silver Star at Paci
fic and Sansome streets, Miss Wainright
principal; the Ad ler, Second and Folsom
streets. Miss Manning, and the Mail Dock,
foot of Brannan street, Miss Schuetze.
Since the organization of the society, in
1878, the best people of the City have
given their time and money to its support.
For entertainments for i ( s benefit the
homes of the members have been thrown
open and the fashionable world has given
freeiy and liberally. The good work of
the society has also been recognized at
times by bequests from public-spirited
citizens." The late Robert Johnson left
from bis estate $5000, and the estate of
Isaac Hecht $500. Some of the leading
Jewish families have been faithful work
ers in this cause. M. H. Hecht and H6n.
Adolph Sutro being members of the ad
visory beard, together with Mark Sheldon.
Tbe list of the executive committee and
board of directors exhibits the non-sec
tarian cnaracter of tne society.
Miss Kate Smith, now known to the
literary world as Kate Douglas Wiggtn,
was the first teacher of the first school,
which was founded through the efforts of
Profes or Felix A'lier, then on a visit to
this coast.
ANIMAL KINDERGARTENS.
Specialized Education in the Animal
Kingdom Begins Kathor Late.
It will be noticed that all creatures
which have large families, whether beasts
or birds, have less trouble in rearing them
than those which have only one or two
young. Little pigs are weeks ahead of
calves in intelligence and the young part
ridge, with its dozen brothers and sisters,
is far more teachable than the young eagle.
There seems no doubt that the latter is
taught to fly by its parents. A correspond
ent informs the writer that he has watched
the oid birds so engaged, and the young
eagles reluctantly following them to a
height.
Specialized education in animals begins
late. The beaver Kitten's training does
not begin until the autumn of the year in
which it ,yas born. The old beavers,
which have moved up tributary streams
into the woods, or roamed to the larger
lakes during the summer, then return to
inspect the r dam and repair it for the
winter. TLey then cut down a few trees
and, dividing them into logs, roll them or
tow them to the dam. The kittens mean
time are put on to what in a workshop
would be called a "soft job.'' They cut
all the small branches and twigs into
lengths and do their share of light trans
port service. In the mud-patting and re
pairing of the dam the beaver kittens take
their share, but there is little doubt that
they do so because their elders are so en
gaged.
It is a kindergarten of the best kind,
because mud-patting and stick-cutting
are a great joy and solace to old beavers
as well as young ones, and so instruction,
pleasure and business are all combined.
Young otters, and probably also young
water-rats, have to be taught to go into
the water. According to the observations
of Mr. Hart, the late head keeper at the
Zoo, tbe young otters born there did not
enter the water for weeks, and even then
their mother had to "mind" them and
fetch them out when she thought they
had had enough of it. They swim natur
ally when once in the water, and this
seems true of all animals, though in the
early autumn of this year a young re
triever, bred on a dry and waterless dis
trict in tne Downs, was found to be unable
to swim. A stick was thrown into the
Thames for it to fetch. It plunged in, but
suon sank, and, though rescued, was al
most insensible. — London Spectator.
SHERIDAN'S BEST SPEECH.
A Newspaper Hsu Tells the Circum
stances of When It Was Made.
"The last time General Phil Sheridan
was in Milwaukee," said Bob Howard,
the newspaper man, "was when the Army
of the Cumberland held its annual re
union here in 1882. A banquet was given
the association at the National Home.
General Sheridan presided. In his open
ing speech he was puzzled for words, but
after a fashion he managed to stammer
oat something that but few heard and
less understood. I was reporting the
event for the Sentinel and had taken down
everything Sheridan said just a* he spoke
it. When he got through he came around
to me and said: "Look here. Mr. Re
porter, do you want to piease me?"
" ' 'Deed I do, goneral.'
" 'Then please don't print that d
slush of mine. Just make up a nice little
speech lor me.' "
Howard made up a dainty little speech
for the commander of tbe American
army, which greatly pleased him.
A few years later, when he was on duty
at Washington, Howard's duties fre
quently took him to headquarters and he
always met a hearty welcome. ' The first
time'he called Sheridan said: "Oh, yes,
I remember you. You are the man who
made that nice speech for me in Mil
waukee."
On several occasions he introduced
Howard to his friends as the author of
the best speech he ever made. — Chicago
Times-Herald.
ART OF ELECTIONEERING.
A Campaigner Write« Up » Vow Note«
From Observation.
With some men electioneering is a fine
art. They can shake hands with the
mother and kiss the baby with /.real
unction and apparent relish. There is
Judge , who will walk through the
streets at a rally before he makes his
speech and speak to everybody he meets.
He once imparted to me in a low voice
the philosophy of his conduct. "If these
men don't know me," he said, " there
is no harm done; if they do I must not
fail to recognize them." Sometimes a
man whom he bad been greeting would
refer to a previous conversation or &
letter, or some other awkward circum
stance which he could not remember. In
every case, however, he parried the stroke
so skillfully that the man left without
the slißhtest idea that he had not been
recognized. The Judge's face was a per
pemal smile. Sometimes when he saw a
man approaching he would ask me that
man's name, but from the greeting which
followed, the inquiries about the family
and the news of the neighborhood, one
would imagine that the two had been
upon the most intimate terms since boy-
hood. The Judge could carry his State
by a larger majority than any other man
in it
Many of the old farmers have great rev
erence for election day. I met one this
year, a man 80 years old, who showed me
with great enthusiasm a pair of boots
which had been newly greased and black
ened for the occasion. He told me these
were his "election boots," which he had
worn for twenty-eight years. There were
little holes in them at different places to
accommodate them to the corns of the
wearer. He remarked that four years ago
his feet were so sore he could not put them
on, and that was undoubtedly what oc
casioned the loss of the ticket. This year
they were all right, and he felt great con
fidence in the result. Sometimes these
farmers have a very homely but clear way
of putting things.
Four year* ago I spoke in a room over
the store in a small village in Indiana.
The day was inclement, yet the farmers
gathered in considerable numbers. One
of the hardest-looking men in the audi
ence was a stout old icllow in canvas
trousers begrimed with mud, who, in an
swer to an inquiry regarding bis health,
said that he was "afflicted considerably
with the tneumatiz, but could hardly ex
pect anything better, since he was 80
years oid." Turning the conversation
to politics, he began to sum up the tariff
omestion, which was then pend
ing, as follows: "It seems to me
that the Republicans is claim in' that
it is the duty of the Government to take
care ot the rich, in hopes that the rich may
then take care of the poor" — a statement
which to a believer in the tariff reform
represented by Grover Cleveland seemed
to epitomize the Democratic argument as
well as anything I ever heard. I afterward
X arm d that this old fellow had by frugal
ity and good management acquired a
farm of some 600 acres in the neighbor
nood, and that he was one of the wealth
iesi men In the county. It does not do to
count upon appearances in making an es
timate of the men who attend those meet
ings. — Correspondence City and State,
Philadelphia.
A STORY OF LONGFELLOW.
Mrs. Fields Tells an Interesting Anec
dote of the Author.
Speaking ol Longfellow, in her recently
published volume of literary reminiscen
ces, Mrs. Jane J. Fields says:
"His kindness and love of humor car
ried him through many a tedious inter
ruption. He generally overlooked the
fact of the subterfuges to which men and
women resorted in order to get an inter
view, and to help them out made as much
of their excuses as possible. Speaking
one Ur.y of the persons who came to see
him at Nahant, he said: 'One man, a per
fect stranger, came with an omnibus
full of ladies. He descended, introduced
himself, then, returning to the omnibus,
took out all the ladies — one, two, three,
four and five — with a little girl, and
brought them in.
"I entertained them to the best of my
ability, aud they stayed an hour. They
had scarcely gone when a forlorn woman
in black came up to me on the piazza and
asked for a dipper of water. 'Certainly,' I
replied, and went to fetc'.i her a glass.
When I brought it she said: 'There is an
other woman just by the fence who is
tired ana thirsty; I will carry this to her.'
But she struck her head as she passed
through the window and spilled the water
on the piazza. 'Oh, what have I done!'
she said. 'If I had a floor cloth I would
wipe it up.' 'Oh, no matter about the
water,' I said, 'if you have not hurt your
self.' Then I went and brought more
water for both and sentthem on theirway
refreshed and rejoicing.
"It would be both an endless and un
profitable task to recall more of tbe curi
ous experiences which popularity brought
down upon him. There is a passage
among Mr. Fields' notes, however, in
which he describes an incident during
Longfellow's last visit to England, which
should not be overlooked. Upon his arri
val, tbe Queen sent a graceful message
and invited him to Windsor Castle, where
sue received him with all the honors; but
he told me no foreign tribute touched him
deeper than the words of an i£nsrlish hod
carrier, who came up to the carriage door
at Harrow, and asked permission to take
the hand of the man who had written the
'Voices of the Night.' "
The Worm Turned.
A facetious lawyer had under cross-ex
amination a simple-looking youth, wbo
rejoiced in the name of Sarnpnon, and re
fsoived to raise a laugh at his expense.
" And so," questioned the legal light,
"you wish the court to believe that you
are a peaceably disposed and inoffensive
kind of person?"
"Yes."
"And you have no desire to follow in
the footsteps of your ; illustrious name
sake and smite the Philistines?" ,
"No, I've not," answered tne witness.
"And if 1 had the desire 1 ] ain't got the
power, just at present." - : r
."Then you tbink you would be unable
to rout a tnou«and enemies with the jaw
bone of an ass?" . : - .V- -" 1
c "Well," answered the ruffled Sampson,
11 1 might have a try at them when you are
done, but I'll be teetotally, swamped if I'd
want to use your j jaw."— Columbia Falls
Columbian. - 1 ;: . i " '■'■■"■""."■''
i-P- *'■*-■'■ ' ■""}. '..'."'»* »'*.,,*
;.: Only 9 per cent of those engaged in war
are Killed on the field of battle. :
ANXIOUS MOMENTS.
How the Bank of England Announces
Its Discount Bate*
"It grows worse and worse each time,"
grumbled a venerable-looking member of
the House, as the usual Thursday morn
ing crowd began to gather in expectation
of a 4 per cent bauk rate, and certainly the
Stock Exchange, from 11:45 o'clock this
morning until 12:15 o'clock, presented a
decidedly curious appearance. At 11:30
knots of interested parties had already
taken up a good position from which to
hear the declaration they so eagerly
awaited, and shortly afterward came a
small army of clerks, armea with "wire
books," the names and addresses of the
principal clients of their firms being al
ready filled in, each on a telegraph form,
in order to save time when the all-import
ant moment arrived.
As the time drew on toward 12 o'clock
tbe consols market became densely
packed, and it seemed as though fresh rep
resentative? of the other markets arrived
every second. From the Kaffir circus, the
Westralian, American, Brewery and rail
way markets came the jobbers, while a
corresponding number of brokers and
their clerks helped to swell the crowd and
increase the stilling heat. Conversation —
interrupted only by an occasional false
alarm of "Sh ! Sb !" raised by th6 facetious
spirits in the center of the assemblage —
flowed on, and as every man held an opin
ion of his own which ne felt in duty
bound to communicate to his neighbor, it
was easy for a bystander to see that there
was by no means a general consensus of
opinion as to what would be the action of
the bank directors. The only people who
seemed calmly unconscious that anything
of interest was expected were those in the
consols market, who, above all others,
would feel tne effect of any change, and
they acted their part very welL
Every one is getting tired of waiting,
and even the small diversions of throwing
pieces of paper at each other and such
line means of whiline away tbe time be
gin to pall. It is 12:15 o'clock, and still
no signs of the expected broker, wno
makes the announcement. He is a mem
ber of the firm who are brokers to the
Government, and haa performed this office
for a considerable time, succeeding to it
in the place of his father. At length he
comes I There is no mistaking the final
"Sh 1" and as he mounts tbe seat there is
not a sound to be heard. His first words
are barely audible to any but tho-e in the
front rank, but he raises his hand to his
mouth and shouts for the most important
part of his declaration. <% * * * Bank
rate is 4 per cent I"
Then he gets down and there is no need
for the fellows who occupy the prominent
positions to hold up four fingers, because
the shout is taken up and carried round
and round tbe house. A mad scramble to
the telegraph-office by the clerks, a rush
to their respective markets by the jobbers
and a vast amount of noise. Then, as the
brokers walk round and asK, "How are
things with you?" they are told, with half
sheepish shame, "Oh, hardly any change.
Just a sixteenth or so off." Verily a small
result to compensate for the io«s of time
and stoppage of business! But then it is
almost the only excitement left to the
Stock Exchange nowadays.— Pall Mall
Gazette.
COMMISSIONED BY REPARTEE.
Quick Kite from the Kanks by a Ready
TVit.
An interesting anecdote is related of
Marshal Snwaroff, says an exchange, who,
when receiving a dispatch from tbe hands
of a Russian sergeant who had greatly
distinguished himself on tne Danube, at
tempted to confuse the messenger by a
series of whimsical questions, but found
him fully equal to the occasion.
"How many fish are there in the sea?"
asked Suwaroff.
"All that are not caught yet," was the
answer.
"How far is it to the moon?"
"Two of your Excellency's forced
marches."
"What would you do if yon saw your
men giving away in batile?"
"I would tell th-m that there was plenty
of whisky behind the enemy's line."
Baffled at all points the marshal ended
with, "What is the difference between
your colonel and myself?"
"My colonel cannot make me a lieuten
ant, but your Excellency has only to say
the word."
"I say it now," answered Buwaroff,"and
a right good officer you will be." — New
York Mail and Express.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J*W Oatman, Reno, Nev Mrs France, St Louis
W H Reyman, Algowa.la H C Marmon, Jnd
W H Shannon A \v, cal W Cohert *w, Ind
G P Hall. Petaunia W H scnweltzer*. w.Cal
M i urke, sacio Mrs E T Mugur, Cal
P H Johnson. Cal Sliss Mugter, Merced
T L. Johnson. L Angeles Mrs X A B»aupre, Cal
C C Judson, Frnlivale A F Tenney A w, Fresno
A Bubben. San Rafael P J McAlleu & w, Cal
G Roe, Vallejo E M Manning, L Angeles
J Lodie. Sacto W T Hubbard, Vallejo
v U Guebela, Vallejo J Lodge, Sacto
Ben li ack. Boise City May V Wade, St Helena
Milt Black, Boise city J LeR Dixod, Stanford
F M Lafayette, Burllngm P Raleter, ll»n> Island
J r urns. Napn J W Splngler, Cal
J M R ■ ethum, Sonoma f \V Stewan, N>v
Miss Bethum, Sonoma Mrs W D t-tewart, Nev
A L Burnank, San Jose X Waters. Burlington, Vt
Miss Burbank. sau Jose X X Walter, « hlcago
I They ton, Cal X A Treble. Cal
Miss A C Hums, Cal J J Wilson & w, Racto
Miss C llifT, Cal W O Barr, Stockton
J C Nichols, Stockton W A Butterfleld, Cal
W B Andre-.vs, Stockton M C Osborne, S Cruz
H P Whitehouae, Boston Mrs M. U Arnold, Cal
X W Arnold, Berkeley
NEW WESTERS HOTEL.
RTAbgell. Snoqualmle G E Schultz, Snoqnalmi*
Mr* J T Jones, Cal H Clinton, Seattle
JW de Vtre. Calistoga C W Nelson, Oakani
G W Van Dyke, Denver Miss Sllva Burriss, Sacto
Miss Rosa BurrUs,«acto W H McKennan, Bolinas
T F Caner, Angels Camp W J Burns. Or
C J Hayek. Mare Island C Torson, Mare Island
J Hesslor, Cal J Jackson, East Oakland
R NiKozuter. X Oakland J Williams, San Jose
J J Ke;iy. San Jose G W Proctor.Loi Angeles
X W Miller.Los Angeles T J Quigley, Santa Rosa
P J Humtr, Sacramento E Bossman, Denver
.Miss Webb, Walnut Ck s. lames Al atra/.
M S Parks Aw, Boston W J Younger, Aloatraz
J & Jones, Aicatras H Coppler, Grldley
PALACE HOTEL.
P P. smith, Hanford F R Bishop, Louisville
C C Cook & w. Conn Mrs Meredith, Conn
W R Wilson A \v, Conn Mrs J E Haskell, m
F H Flgel Aw, s «. lara A C Johnson. Los Ang
T M -taller, Alameda Mr A Mrs Kaufman," Pa
D Kaufman, Pa G Krlehn, Stanford
M Erckens, Germany L McCreery, Burllngame
C Kddy. Chicago J liart, Chicago
R L Vandrlck, Chicago F C Lawton «fe w, Stanfd
N W Hepburn, Chicago O H Cheppee, Lexington
J B Klngsbury. Idaho Mrs Meyer &sn,Lexingtn
S W Mitchell, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P W Murphy, 8 L Oblspo M E H: rrls, Oakland
E E Edwards, Oakland J B Medina, Fruit vale
F F Angel. Idaho J Beams, La
W F Knapp, Ungo J S Josephs, N T
W J Barrett <fe w, La W V James A w. La.
W A Newton, Chicago X C Fremle, Chlno
G D Cuiver. Chlco M H Hylnier A w, Spok
Miss C Pairchlld. Texas Miss L Bresley, Texas
G W Warfel A w, Cal A F Wattermlre, Cal
J P Seymour, Chicago B B Ward. N V
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTSIKESS OFFICE ot tbeSsn FranctMoCAU*-
TIO Market street, open until 12 o'clock •very
Blgnt In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICBS-527 Montgomery rtwet,
•ornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission Mime* oj*»
until 9 o'clock.
8618 Mission street, open nnttl 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street. op««n until 9:80 o'clock.
'■': - i-.-;^ ; CHURCH NOTICES. ."'■ ; V.^
CS» ST. * PAUI?si FTpT^C^PAIT~(Ti?URCH^
WhJ^ California ■ st., \ between Flllmore »nd ' Stei-
ner— Rev. W. M. • Rellly, . rector. Holy ' commu-
nion, 7:30 a. x. S Christmas . celebration, : 11 a. m.
Prelude, "chorus of Angels" > (Lemmena) ; i ■ "Ve-
nlte," , "Jubilate" and "Festival Te Deum," b>- ■
Dudley Buck; • offertory , anthem, :? "Ana There
Were Shepherds" (Arthur Foote): po«ilude (B/o-
alg). sola : quartet ; and -• chorus. F. Katzenbach,
organ and director. .- ; ■■ - ' ■ ■ ■ -'-:
!;-. : ■-• ■;■':•=.? kOliCii tji _' 4IJt,iiXXN Us; ■ - \ '-'j
lEs3p* ANNUAL MKKTING— THE RKGULAR
»*& annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sum Dum Chief Mining Company will be held at'
the office of the company, room 3 in the Ho-
bart building, 632 Market St., San Francisco. Cat.;
on SATURDAY,' the 2d day of J anuary, 1897, at
the I hour of 2 o'clock Ip. if., for the > purpose of
electing a board : of I directors Ito I serve during the
ensuing year and I the I transaction: of I such other
business as may come ore the meeting. ' ; ;%•:
v , --.».- H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary-. 1--.
• . Office— Room 3in the Hobart building, 532 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco, Cal. - ; ri r ~i ■■■• •■
MEETING NOTlCES— Contlnned.
A SP ECI AL ■ MEETING OF THE MEM-
iSt^bers of the Bishop Armltage Church Or-
phanage will be held at the office of the secretary,
630 California j street, room 38, on : '3*»""T< l *l
1897 at 13 M-, for the ; purpose 1 of ' revising or"
amandine the . by-iaws of, said .: corporation, : . or
aiming new by-law» V - also for the trausactio.. of.
gS o;h%r business as nw -a^- £• -•*
Et^s= ANNUAL MEETING-THK REGLLAR
t=^annual meeting of the , stockholders of | La
Candelaria Mining Company will held a tne .of-
fice of th- company. 530 California St.. room 60. San
Francisco Cal!, on SATURDAY, December i t6.
189°. at the hour of 2 ; o'clock, P. »c, for ihe pur-
pose of electing a board of trustees to serve for the
ensuing year and. the transaction of such other
business as «^ come^r^th^mee^^
Office— s3o California st, room 60, San Fran-
TM'i.WAL; NO'liCto. - '
iR-Sr' NOTICE-DIPHTHERIA STILL PRE-
Sis' vailing In the city, no: visitor will be admit-
ted to the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum on Christmas day. "Friends' day" will
not be observed for the present, or until the ma-
laria bas paased. By order. Secretary.
M. P. MACCRELLISH, Secretary.
JKSS»; INDIA OPIUM CURE FOB $*6: PER-
&3? fectly harmless; Indies treated at home, . B.
D. KIMMIS, 916 Market. St., Columbian Building;
ICS= GAS *iX I ORES MADE TO ORDER:
Ib^ cheapest pia c I In . the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDI, 623 Golden <. ate aye. ,
ftS** BAD. TENANT-* bJKCTBD FOR »4:
■P-^. collections made, city or country. PfcJ/W
« T.ll«.rtion Co.. 415 r-ion.TV «r.: ■ room tf. T-»'._6sSlJ_
I)1V1X»K>I>; >OTICKS. •-.":. r>^-\
W^S* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
iSb^&' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st., cor. s nt-
ter. For the half year ending December 31. 1895,
a dividend has been declared at the rate of four
and two-tenths (4 2-10) per cent per - annum .on
term deposits " and three . and one-half (3Vfe> per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday. January 2, 1897.
Dividends not called for are added to and bear the
same rate of dividend as the principal from and
after January 1, 1897. :
CYKUa W. CARMANY. Cashier.
Or3s= DIVIDEND NOTICE— GERMAN
\t^S r Savings and Loan Society, -626 California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1896, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths (4 1:6-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three and
fifty-live hundredths (3 55-300) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday, January 2. 1897.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
tt^gp DIVIDEND NOTiCE— -MUTUAL SAV-
IF*'.. ings Bank of San Fr.in. Isd, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending Dec. 31, 1893, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.3.51/3) per cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. 2, 1897. GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
BS3jP DIVIDEND NOTI E— SAN FRANCIS-
•S^C co Savings Union, 632 California street, cor-
ner Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
of December, 189b, a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four and two-tenths (4.2)
percent on term deposits ana three and five-tenths
(3.5) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, January 2, 1897.
LOVE WHIT;., (ashler. \
LA .i _O.N:s V> AN'XjcJJ— xiiMALifi.
ME. DADAMI HAS RECENTLY OPENED
a large and competent employment bureau at
313 Sutter st., where the best help can be obtained
on the shortest notice; country orders a specialty.
OUNG WIDOW DESIRES A POSITION AS
housekeeper; good cook: prefers a widower's j
or buch-lor's home; city or Country. 309 Butter '
St., room 3. ■
"POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X in widower's home by experienced American
lady: age 25; good references P. A., box 74, CalL
IiELTABLS AMERICAN WOMAN, WITH
XX daughter (14), wishes situation by January 1 I
at housework, chamberwork or nurse for children; i
city or country; family or Institution: small I
wages. Address MRS. M., box 73, Call Office. :
ASTERN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS j
housekeeper: city or country; the best of ref- I
erences. Apply 138 a Fourth St., room 4. j
YOUNG LaDY WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework In family of 2; country pre- !
ferred. Address H.K., box 63. Call Office. |
YOUNG WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE , DE- :
X sires a post ion as working housekeeper for
widower or in lodging-house. Call after 12, room
9, 472 Stevenson st., corner Sixth.
IV AN I 1 ED— POSITION AS WAITREBS OR
»• chambermaid, city ■ or ■ country, by young
lady. Address * box 75, Call Office.
WIDOWED LADY WANTS POSITION AS
' » housekeeper: can give good references. Ap-
ply or address 2836 Greenwich st.
YOUNG WO.M AN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper; city or country. 144 Fifth St.,
room 6. ; . ; ; -' ,
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WOULD I
xV like a housekeeper's position in bachelor's or j
widower's home. Room 2. -23 Post st. - ' " j
DEFINED LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
XV as managing housekeeper. Address 8 Mason
st., room 3. •..;;•; _,r: :
POSITION WANTED BY A THOROUGHLY
X competent and experienced housekeeper, with
good reference. Inquire 1111 Suiter st. -
yuiNii lady wishks position to do
X second work and sewing in private family:
best references. Address A. T., Young Women's
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farreil su .
'OUNG LADY HAVI.G KNOWLEDGE OF
."■I-. 1 shorthand, typewriting and - bookkeeping
seeks position: willing to make herself generally
useful. Address C. G.. P. O. box 184, San Leandro.
niSHMA-N WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF
VJT work by the day or hour; washing, cleaning
or cooking. F., box 120, Call Office. '---•■- .;■:;.>.
OUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSl-
tlon as workii.g housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Fourth st., room 15. ;
I -.RES-MAKEit, OO<jD CUT AND FIT, BY
XJ the day, 75c 103 Eighth St., corner Mission.
MJSRICAN NURSE, EXPERIENCED, I
wants care of invalid; low wages; medical ref- I
ences. ' 1520 lid lv St.; 1
OTHER AN D DAUGHTER WANT. POSl-
tlon in first-class hotel: city or country, L. B.;'
box 119, Call office.
I ADY OF SUPERIOR ABILITY, TEACHING
XJ shorthand (Pitman), desires engagement: city
or country. L. 8., oox 119. Call Office. / --  i
DRESSMAKER, . FIRST CLASS, i WOULD
XJ like engagements by the day; city or country.
7i6 1 arktn'st. ... !
\\i INChKaiER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. MR.
'it Market: 200 rooms: . 25c to $1 60 per night. ,
(1 60 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable.' •
!ree bus and baggage to and from the ierry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR ) 5 CENTS — THS
rL WEEKLY CALL, In wranper. for mailln*.
SITU AXIOMS' «A.NTtI)-JIALE. \ ;
UNTER^Tco! CHmB^ATnr^JAPA^
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cat.; teL main 23LW.C YOUNG, mgr
pUI.NKSK 4 JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YEARS:
.V/help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY&CO., «40 Clay.:
HJNn.SU AND JAPANESE EMPLOY MKNT i
office; best help. 414y O'Farreil. Tel. E 426.
APANESEIKTifiLLIUJiNCK AUjs.NO V, it. 73,
St Ann's bid?., 6 Kddy at. : teL Main 6234.
NGINKER WANTS POSITION AS BTA-
tionary engineer, or will take ■ job of firing la
large plant; also practical in mining machinery:
good steady man. M., box 109. Call Office.
PAINTING. PAPERHANGING, BY i FIRST-
X class, temperate man: man have work;  will ,
work very cueap; ~ day or job. Painter, box 60, 1
Call Office. - • ■■-:"■■■ V I
"XPKMENCED GERMAN BARBER WANTS
Xli situation in country. Address Z., box 117. Call.
SITUATION WANTED AS WORKING FORE-
man; orchard or vineyard; handy with tools;
San Jose references. 1002 Harrison st.
yOUSG STRONG GERMAN , MAN, ACTIVE,
X understands . grocery and - bar business thor-
oughly, .willing, desires a steady position in *
grocery. Address G. G., box 74, Call Office. -.'
\\J ANTED— A CHANCE TO LK ARN THE
'» shoemaker's trade: 1 would lice to make a
proposition to some shoemaker; references given.
Address J. a, box 83, Call office.  ,
BOY 15% YEARS Ob AGE WISHES A \
place to work and go to school in I the country
in a small city. Address A. R., box 119. this office. '
YOVNO SWISS MILKER WANTS SITU A- j
X tlon: steady and sober, Address R., box 118
Call Office. " .
\H AN WANTS MANAGEMENT OF HOTEL,
l'J club i or institution; exnerience first class.
A. M.. box 20, this office. ; :-
rpHOKOUGH UP-TO-DATE CREAMERY MAN.
■ X with twelve years' experience, desires v position
in a creamery or first-ilass dairy as batter-maker,
separator /.process: no milking: excellent - rec-
ommends, also good references. C 8.. box 108 Call.
NGINKER'S POSITION BY -COMPETENT
XJ engineer, and electrician, conversant with re-
lrtgaraiiun; wages not so - much • object a*, stead v
position. Address L. B. Q., box 11. Call Office. '
AY ANT..D-BY MA N AND WIFE, POSITION
»» in hotel: man for bar, clerk or manager- wife
forcnamberwork;fexperlencea: wages *"-'5- city
or country. Address Clerk, box 74, Call Office. ■■ ■{
BARBER— SITUATION ; WANTED: FIkST-
7rt ssm . an: Cll> ' ° r country. Address D.-, box
10, tms oilK'e. ' '.■.-■ ; - '~: ■-'-.■.-■ ■ " ■- - ■ -.- -
V'OUNU and sober MAN, . SCANDtNA-
xvIan, would like a Job In a wholesale store of
2^H^ ; . ls ? good worker. Aduress R. THOM-
bON, i 311 Main st. ■■ \j_, .'.,".•■■.■' •-•■■ :■-■■ -„■
"-W. ANTKD-SI HI ATION IN i SOME WHOLE-
' ' Rale house, \>r young . married : man. 32; best
of references. Address W. H.. box 91, Call. ' ■ ,-.-...->
nuMP.TtNT ; INKER DE-IKES PO-
\J. altion; " 16 years 1 experience; high or low pres-
sure. ; H.LOY, 217 Minna at.. 8! F. -■ ;
n KRMA.N, OuOD i KITCHfcN .; MAN, WANTS
AJ work; clean > place: no room. ;■• German, 517
Howard s., room 21.:- ..•.'.:;■,■ •-.■-..-:'% • : ..v \}"- '
;T?XPERIENCED'iBUTTER-MAKER, SEPA-
£x r u2, r ca?r sSctr lm a Blta * tlon - AddreM D "
WINCHESTER i HOUSE, : 44 THIRD, NEAR
™L •si£. l^ E iS Bt ?? lißbt * ln eTery reon »: *»
room*; 260.t051'60 per night: $1-60 to $8 per-
week: iree bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
IKMALK HKLi- » AA'lliD. .
n F.RMAN GIRIT HOUSEWORK; COUNTRY;
\JT $26. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st. VV
IKL; BI'KNA '.VIST A AYE.; *i! 0. M^IE
TIN'S. 719 Market at. \J|
IKL; EDDY ST.:. $20. MARTIN'S", 7*5
.' Market st. ; ; '■-■•'■ \"
GJKL: KO-S VALLEY: $20. MARTIN'S, 749
■ ■ Market st. , ■ ' ; ■>
IRL, GOLDEN GATE AYE.. *16: GIRL,
VJ Francisco st-, $16: girl. Green St., $16: girl,
Howard st.. $15: cirl, San Carlos aye., $15; girl,
Baker St., $16. : MARTIN'S, 74 > Market
OOK, $25 AND /ROOM, '■ RESTAURANT;
cook, $30: waitress, city, *20 and room: wait-
ress, $5. a week: 3 waitresses, $15 and room; 2
girl-t, country betel, $30 and room.: MARTIN'S
749 Market st. .
WAITRESSES, 1 CI IT AND COUNTRY"
. »» hotels, $20: ■ 2 waitresses, same; country hotel,
$20 each: waitress, plain boarding-house. $l{. ;
French second girl and laundress, Uerman gover-
ness, housework girls. cooks, etc. MUkk.v V A
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 a nd
b36 Clays:. . • ■-
/COMPETENT INFANT'S NUtSfc; HAVB
\J full charge baby day und night: bring up on
bottle; must have references. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary .it.
T>RIVAT2£ FAMILY COOK, $25: GERMAN
X housework girl. $20: young housework girl,
MO. C. K. HANSK.N A CO.. 110 lieary s».
»> WAITRESSES, SA.MK HOT. L, CITY, $20;
2. waitress, assist chamber work, »20; waitress,
first-class house, $20. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110
Geary st. .--- . _
MECHANIC HAVING PLB A>AM HOME
wishes woman partner in p onltry- raising.
CHARLK6 THOMPSON, Emeryville. Cal.
LWT AN TED — YOUNG GIRL TO WAIT OS
J! table. 630 Central aye., ne«r Hayes.
t^ljYnn's dressmaking and CUTTING
J Academy, 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
T AWRENCE CUT 1 ING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patter ns; . every ons
guaranteed to be perfect. 123 L M arket st. .
T XT '1 HE PUBLIC BE NOT . DECEIVED;
XJ the McDowell is the best conducted and only
exclusive dress-cutting school in the city; a visit
to our well-known academy will convince any
sane person of that fact: patterns cat toorder, 25c.
including skirts; 2 week' ssewinglessous free to ail
entering this week. McDDoWELL DRKSS-CUT-
TING SCHOOL, 636 Markei, opp. Palace.
\\T ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO LEARN
'<■ »» barber trade: , only a weeJcs required: tooU
given and catalogue d«:iu X. ; *'. ; aurtios ticiiuoi,
1516 Howard at. ■ - - .?' i
All OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTaBI»I
It! Winchester House. 44 Third su, near MarkeK:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 5J per night; $1 50 to $8
per week: free 'bus and i>B2izage to and from ferry.
% &lA.H: UjKLj^ V»'AJ«'i.ii;i>.
1 A GOLD-MINERS; 5 GOLD-MINERS:
XV wood carver, $3 to $3 50 a day. MURRAY
<fc READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay St. _ ; ___
1 FARMER AND WIFE. $40 AND FOUND,
"jiouth: B farmers, $26. $25, $20 and $15.
Mi RRAY A READY, Leading Employment
A gents, 634 and 636 Clay St. • :
TfARMEK AND WIFE, »80 AND FOUND,
JT for Solano County. MURRAY A READY,
Leading .Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
I/ARMKR AND WIFE, $30 AND FOUND.
1 Yolo County; lee boss here. MURKAY *
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. ■ '. •. '
CUOREMAN AND WIFE, $25 AND FOUND.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employmeut
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. . •
WAITER, $6 A WEEK: WAITER, 9*6; PAN-
•» man, *>*0; ranch hand, (12. MARTIN'S
749 Market St. .
VIVE SHIP CARPENTERS. COUNTRY, $3 A
X day; see party here. C. K. HANSEN <fc CO.,
110 Geary st. ■
l/RENcH HEAD COOK, . COUNTRY 1 K9
X taurant, $75; French night cook, restaurant
t!ty, $40; ironer to run s irt and collar mac nine,
country, $25 to $30 and found. C, R. HANbEN
CO.. 110 Geary st.
L; OUR NEAT FIRST-CLASS WAITERS FOR
X country hotel, C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
OB PRINTER, CITY. $3 A DAY. C. R. HAN-
SE-n A CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED— HOTEL BROILER, CITY; CALL
early this morning. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
AN ABOUT 23 YEARS OLD, GOOD AD-
dress; apply Saturday. COFFEY's COLLEC-
TION CO., 314 Montgomery st.
AITER WANTED AT 642 SACRAMENTO
. street. ■
ISU WASHER WANTED AT GERMAN
Hotel, st>o Howard st.
BARBERS— COUNTRY SHOP NE \R CITY;
very cheap. DECKELMAX BROS., 11,6 Ellis.
GOOD FINISHER AND APPRENTICE ON
coats: steady work: good wages. 221 Sixth.
CJJ4IC Wi-.EKLY GUARANTEED TOAUTIVri
tip — man: $10 cash deposit to-day; 4 months'
contract. . .15 Sansonxe st., rm. 12. .  . _-,■
OYS FROM 16 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutter st. ;. __|\
pART.NEK WANTED IN ACASH BUsINESs/l
X must be able to give good references; iiooiu- /
ers need apply. S3 .-ixtn St., room 18. ~jfl
OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c ..nvAL OK
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 13 1/2 Grant aye.
TYLJSH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
our own make: $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. iiixin.
SINGLE FURNISHKD 15c A NIGHT:
O 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
- - AKBD.ICS' j^jcto l'j\C I'l V X USio.V JiMPLO *"•
> ment secretary. ; CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clar.
,>ARBKK^-FOK EMPLOYMENT CALL SKa
i-> P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 rant ava.
UUKKtVJIi..\ bAKnhBS' Jj.-uPLOIMjt.INi'
secretary. H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
K ARBEK wash stand-, ONE, two AND
xj three bowls, cheap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
EsT 'J-CHAIK BARBER-SHOP IS CITY.
Apply at 1 Taylor st.
i K ANKKUPX SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
1' large stock of boots and shoes that must De
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
sprint; goods. CaL Boot and Shoe Mfg. Ca's stores,
767 Market and 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
RECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
At states Marine Corps. United States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 2L
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states.
or those who have legally declared their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character aui
habits and able to speak, read and write EnglUU.
and between 6 feet 6 incne* and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the RecrniUn*
Office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL
' AJSTi-.D-LA BORERS AND iIKCHANIM
• to know that Ed KoUin, Reno House proprie-
tor.: still, runs Denver House, al7 ThirJ 15
large rooms; 26c per nlgot; $1 10 $3 1 nr week.
f | Uk * AOAIJS iluusui, ,fcj, *a:.u., 1 01., ritS*
x low Sixth, tor a room: *6r a night; si a wee*.
TM-JS.W, .■WALDO HOUSE, 764 .MISSION. BUT.
a-' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 10j
tosoc.week 60c to $2; reading-room; strictest a>
tentlon morning calls; clean; quiet,; open all night.
HOUSK, 86316 MARKET ST.-ROOMS
20c, 26c to 60c night: $1 to $2 ween
EOSIfiDALE. 321 KLLIS— CHEAPEST AND
best iodgiug-house In the city: open all night.
V\ ' INCHniSTKK HOl/'St;, 44 'liilKl) ST. Mi,
»» Marxet: '.. 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading.
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SHOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER-
any style, $3 up; misnts and cast-oil shoe* -
bought or exchanged; large stock of »econd-haa4 '«,
shoes: first-class repairing; "work puunmiedO. &%
749 Mission St., near Grand Opera- House.
1 A/v MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c. 15a
1 \J\J and 'JOe a nlgnt. including coffee ana ro.ii.
624 Washington st, near Kearn • .
AATr.D— AN IDKA: Ho CAN THINK OK
some simple thing to patent? Protect you?
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patens Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for ■ their $lbUt> priM
otter and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
. \»l AMH,u,iuuOlL.LKiri' WAUts l>Ujl. LABOiI
» » erndtclerks. KNoX Collection Accy. 110 Sutt»-
BE>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
•> week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. - 36 Clay su 
ESIMO-> WANTS. 100 M».N io «..itT 801-
. tie beer or wine sc. best free lunch. 643 Clay.
OOMS 16a To 76c PJJ.R NIGU 1 ; 50c TO $1 50
per week." Oriental. 225 Drnmm st.
ANTED, YOUR BHOK.i — Wh. kTPTT.
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repair*!
at night while yon wait: laaies' soling, 35c; ru?n 1
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order rrom 92 up:
: we have a tot of shoes, been damaged by 1 water, ac
less than > one-fourth -their value, from 25c up in
$2 SO. 562 , Mission St.. bet. First a;, and Second «.
A, ACKNiS V.Ay AXTKD,
; GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
■ A publication T since Grant's book Is ■ "General
Miles' Personal ; Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chlet of the
United ■ Stales army: lirst agent's commission
$22 in 3 hoars. E. PERSON, manxger subscrip-
tion department. The WhiUker A Ray Company,
72a Market st. ' ■■■' - -'. : •----■•'.. ' -•
"VTO MAGAZINE OFFKKS SUCH liberal .
XX inducements to aeentaasThe Family Journal.
.Write for particulars. 14 San some St.. S. F. ■
v ; WANTED- MIStKLLA.NKOIi.S.
WANTED-FIKK A N^nBuTtOLAITTKO O» i
Jewelry safe, for cash. See 866 Mission st. - 1
1p ULL SKT OF TINSMITHS' TOOLS. AD-lf
X dress T., box 77, Call Office. . , w
JUUILDINUS LUALIir.iC, >.A .->. 1 r .S,
XJ doors, mantels, etc.'for sale. /11C3 Milton M, '
KCOND-HAND KODAKS.. CAMERAS. LEX- ■
ses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montßmry.
V^ELL . VOUK JiOulv~, CLOT 11 1 ,\ A..-. 1. J . . vV
airy to A. KLEIN. 109 > sixth-: si. : send pos:V_j
: :' , jVHOTO tili A PH r SUPPLIES.
ffi»C ; "HEM," THE LATKST CAMEKA^OUT;
, <S>v>. size 3V4x4»4. .124 Geary st. / :] 000 BA^oTi^9 : oTsALEr ~~ V;
15 cUar Korea" £7* frOln *" 2000 to **000
?? V 75 ■S Dl *»"'ORE BUSINGS; CHEAP-
'■ !l ~ 10 ' sickness can^e of selling. 9:6 Howard!
&10 000 11^" 3 *" NO RETAIL
sag fe«jp^^§tsjar
1 U?hl wii!&, O1>! 'v KTI;MI ' V '»'«> I'UUOUASK
«.«Ah.r o h i cor a three-quarter interest in a well-
sure iS w rehonse business paying a KOOd and
?m ln? af y Income;, will accept desirable prop-
rn 7 &l P»> rm « t »'- HASTO.N, ELDKIDGC &
 to., 638 Market st.
iS^Ofi NEAT LITILE RESTAURANT.
"I^V.T near Market. St.. doing a gopd-vaying
bijsinegs: owner must sell quickly: leaving city
... ? 73. cliu^mc" bUSiDess; .' "oag.nts.-1.C8.,
RAXU CHANCE F ..) R KESiAURANT MAN
. •v« to take manasement or buy half. lnterest-in
' .newly fittt-d np place. Call 124^ O'FarreU s ..:-
.. <st'-l()l) CORNER SALOON FOR SALE: HO-
yiouu. Ing Rood business; because of other ln-
' threats. Call 219 Fourth st. :,
.TJ ALF-I.NTEKKST; -NOTHING I.IKK IT
A-t something new. Address Y.", box 73 C.ill.
IGARS A.ND "STATION KKNT $10
' 22103^ Mission St., near Eighteenth. '
. "C'ASTJiRN IiOUSK WANTS RESPONSIBLE
XJ. party with $300 to $400 to control business on
' 4-his cohs:; big upening. Apply 10 MR. KNOWL-
TON, Royal House. 126 Kills St., 9to 3. : .; :
C S AP— B E A L RANT AT ~ YOUR OWN
0 price: doing good business: cheap rent; sick-
ness cause of sale. Inquire 806 Howard st,
a "I ADY WOULD LIKE PARTNER IN .-, GOOD
Xj paying business. Apply 131 Taylor, after 7 P. m. '
CI-JAR-STORE LOCATED AT BEST TRaNS-
\J fer point in city: terminus oi two car lines.
For particulars call at store, 764 San Jose aye..
near Thirtieth st.
TNVhNTOKs AS WELL AS INVESTORS
. J. will do well by calling at Hall of Inventions.
15!15 Sansome si., room 12: fine business chances
filtered, patents secured, models exhibited and
•^japltal interested.
CiQAl\ SALOON; MUST BE SOLD; 409
i^*J\J\J. Fourth st,: on account of sickness of
the owner. Inquire of A. GL-ESs, 401 Fourth at. :
no agents.
PARTNER IN" PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
Industrious and honest man only. 335 Fourth.
GOO.D-PAYiNG CANDY. STATIONERY AND
VT cigar store for sale cheap, accoant stckaess.
Apply 33 Sixth st.. room 18.
C CORNER GKOCERY AN BAR FOB SALE.
I Apply Call Ofli<6. .
"OUNG WID W WITH MEANS DESIRES
. a gentleman partner. ' Room 2, 223 Post st.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
'VT young lady of means. Room 3, 309 Sutler st.
POOD PAYING lIKSTAURANT FOR SALE
VT" or gent: owner saving city. 210 Drumm st~
JII fi PARTNER WANTED I.\ GENERAL
%?~X\J\J . coniractlng business: no previous ex-
perience necessary: splendid chance; money se-
core. Address J, box 73. Call office. -
If OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON; CHEAP.
1 825-327 Drumm st. . ' . .
J IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OK
X grocery for spot cash address P.. box 120, Call.
t«/M|(| II- YoU HAVE THIS AMOUNT
—O\J\J. in cash and can come well . recom-
mended, will give yon Interest in business ilia:
will pay yon $2000 yearly, besides $100 month
j salary: particulars only at -personal: interview:
thU is a chance cf a lifetime. Address K. C, box
44, this office. ■ • . ' ,
i- WANT TWO GOOD MEN TO TAKE IN-
I terest In oar nearly all air burning gas range
manufacturing concern: bit' profits guaranteed,'
■ and full security given for capital invested. Call
and see o t ranges In full work itX 124 O'Farrell
st. from 2tosp. m. dally. • -
"yoU.NO HONi-sT AND RELIABLE MAR-
X ried man, with bank references, desires to ex-
change a house and lot across the bay for an Inter-
est and position in legitimate business; value
$3200. O. C, core Pac. Cal. Co., 83, 6 Eddy st.
1 T7UNE OPENING FOR DRY-GOOD- AN IN
X rapidly growing neighborhood; cor. Third aye.
and Clement st.: with 4 rooms; Butro cars pass
• door- D. DANGERS, 101 California St. . ; -.-.• :-t
ffiili.C PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
•_ -1 —O. sistant, $40 per month, ' room and
board; guaranteed full value. L, box 00, Call.
VhWafAfiltKUl'TK I.N I.N'I'hKIOK LI TIT
i-> dose to ban Francisco. i'ut parUculars app./
" this office. . - ■' " ' . ■ ■
• \\r ANTED— PART.VEB WITH $40,000 IN* A
*' grocery and liquor house established since
J '1863. Address A.-V., box 8». Call Office. •
\ Q^-ROOM HOUSE, DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
• ' S OD cheap. OMASA CO., 33 Sixth St., r. 18.
/~VLD L'UKSKK, HALLECK AND LEIDEs-
\J ilorff sts.. saloon, for sale cheap. ■ ■
"VTEW PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FORA
J.Y moneyed man. <oi a Golden Gate aye. ';"
mAILOR-r-HOP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY ST.,
1 near Montgomery aye- ; retiring from business.
V)UL"Ih. i\Hl SALr. 41KU.-.3 1 J±£, HA. V. A.v
a Xt qnin» *' > all ' 'rrif» ■ -
', i-Olitil>U-HOUSIiS *.*>« SALE.
C A ROOMS, CLEARING $200... i....52500
O\J 2 6- room house; fine corner...... 1500
10-room house, worth $600, only. 300
15 rooms, fine corner: payments fcOO
*.&-room house; rooms all rented 600
fa rooms: near City Hall; new. — 5*250
111 rooms, central, good furniture > 250
H. C. PKCKKK, 1030 Market m.. opp. Fifth. ■.
'C.O7K FLAT 6 ROOMS; BATH: ELEGANT
■ t&OiQ. furniture. H-C.DECKEK.IO2u Market
* C A RO MS. WITH BAR AND DINING-
Ojb room : onlySlOOO. SPECK & CO- 602 Market.
i-P.OOM HOUSE, NR. MAEKKT 6TREKT;
01 sickness cause of selling; make offer.
YHELPS & CO., 917 Larkln sS. ■ ' '- - .""■■
TjaKTLY FURNISHED LODGING-HOUSE
X c6ntainlng 30 room* and bath: 810 Mission st,;
rent reasonable. MADISON & BUKKE. '
t)D FURNISHED KOOMS; CHEAP: ON AC-
,' J-tJ count of owner leaving city. 916 Howard st.
BEFORE BUYING OK MKLLING HOUSES OR
■13 businesses see a. M.. > LXI NS, 906 Market su
AWTVJK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH*
\VF.EKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
* . " ' * K>" ITU Uii \V AN Iii JJ .
CASH PAlp 7 FOU E-\TiliE HOUSES Oil
\J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J.
' BOWCHKR 222 Stockton: send postal. 
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICr.S FOX FURNl-
ture and mercbanaise see KURD, 211 Larkin.
IGHKR FKICn. 1 HAN ANY WHERE PAID
by Indian* Auction Co. 1057 Market.opp.Jone«'
x- L^.MlUltf. *%tsi bAi.£.
' 7^as!"m. " u>r^irTo^L^H^ji^T^nr?~Cur
\j 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.'
• Carpets. Furniture end Uphoisiery Goods. ■
* ytVl/l CARPETS; CHAMBER eh. Is. • $.\
. tUU stoves, $5: parlor eets, *20: . folding-bed i,
• , flO: bar outfits. T. P.-, MCCARTHY. 764 Missioa.
.'a,T L. J. NEUaIANN'S, 117 SIXTH. -FOR
J\. lowest prices on household goods: new or guo<l
■ es new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings. ■ -
, I/" ING FURNITURE CO-,11V!7 -'.'9-31 MARKET,
JV" famish 4 rooms, $.8 to* so; best bargains.
Ut/KJNGHAM FIRSITL'KE CO.— LOWEST
; JJ prices; furniture, carpets: all trades- 866 Miss* n
' H '"' -'" CAKVJiX CX£A>'I.VU. :
rrT^TbAjTcARPET CLEA^iING~WORICsr-
cIeans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
9 M^r. 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
* aKPEI'B CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
• South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH <& Co., successor*.
U/' JitS yoU BKCOMK DISGUSTED WITH
' » poor work send toSPAULDING's Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works, 353-57 'iehamast.; teL So. 40.
E. MiILHKLL, CARPET-* LEaNINH CO.,
. 240 14th tv : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
A RPE I -CLEANING. 3c; LAYING, SC: RUG
■ \J samples free; tel. . essle 944. Stralton, 19 Bth St.
(•y ON KLIN'S CAKFH.T-BiiATI.NO WOKKa.
■ \J 333 Golden Gate aye.- Telephone East 126.
•JO A V AKD AT GREAT WEhTEKN CA.KP.fc.T-
t> cleaning Works, II Eielith st. ■ .
"T^~ - All OKK Jil'S- AT-LA W. ' ''
alty; private; no charge unless (successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended ta'G.-*. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 -Market.
S" AILORS' AND MECHANICS. WAGES COL-
lectect- estates p.obatetl: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice free. .J. G. JEFFREYS, law office,
■ 632 MarKet si., room 23. ' .'* - ■ ■
W KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. tetion free: probate: all cases: fees low.
A DVIC- JrRr.E; NOCHAKGK UNLESS SUU-
A reasful. W:\V. liA VII»*"».V 9--7 .VHr^eL 3 ■
f KOFKSijiqNAli . CAKDS. ;
TOHN K. lI.ICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES. BOOM 4
• J a" and , il, Crocker Duiloiij*: ; Milepuons Maui
*75. ban Francisco. CaL * ..•.-'•
1 UHN K. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHKR.
J attya'a; law, rain 51 1 6. 5 h noor, Parrott old*
' ■ :'■;■;;: hlOKAliii. _ j '; /. ■v' * '
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin. ■
TU'KSITI'RK, PIANOS. TRUNKS; AD-
',V»nce». Ehlpplns CHArf. L. 1 A V LUX.'JO* I'uV..
.•■ ..'■.■■"; ■ fX*YSACXA>!s. A
DX. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1 1206 | MARKET, COR •
Goldea Gate at. i diseases oi women a specialty
"• ROTJSW TO f.ET.
ffl£7 HOITBK 4 ROOMS, 2 PRECITA AYE.,
<T> « » off Ml alonst., bet. 27th and 28th.- :■ - .-■»
SUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOM s AND B -TH; $18.
283U Finest: -, --
■ ffi*-l-Q"7 KUDIIS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
*JMO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason st.
IFq 5 HiiOJIS, SMALL, IN GOOD ORDER, 1
<Tt7. Part of house 303 First, cor, above Foisom.
«_) I Q F.I Ks T — KINCON HILL: CORN Kit
• » ' O house: 10 rooms and bath: nice order;
*3'v r\« X • *<•>.. 14 Montgomery st.
"C -■: ■ 1- li., u ,'his.>'i; WILL Bl ILD TO
0 suit sma;. payments; 5 to 10 room house.-*;
near Clinton nation, Oakland. Inquire at 215
sansome st- room 12. ■•-...
©•>•> HOUSE OF « ROOMS AND BATH.
— •>. Ap Jly 121 Pagest. - '*■ .~~ ■ :C
ROOM HOUSK; ALL MODKRN-CON-
veniences; carpets lor sale if desired. Call
bf>t. 10 a. m. and 2 f. M., 1410 Fulton St., bet.
Brojerick ana Baker. • ' - '
A BOOMS AND B-xTH. CHEAP. 429 THIK-
"i teenth St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero. ■
OUttas.iO itt.N I' b\iH VtKV LITTLK
moa»y nt B^ILIiWI-V •>- HAMMOND'* la
MontfOinefr Kt. '
HjIIAi.L:.S 1 V I.XT.
COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS: LARGE TARE. 214
Colllnijwopd st., bet. 19th and 2 th. ; -
SUNNY ; CU.'TAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATri;
O large basement: yard:" stable; cheap. 107
German la it . near Flllmore. ■ : '.". ■■':
1 RoOMs, BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
0 rent reasonable 120 Flllmore st.
ITUBNI6HKD HOUSKS.
(rjtiCfk J 12-ROOM, FURNISHED SUNNY
»InZtJt '. house: 1454 California St., cor. Larkin.
A LAIS io LIST. V
T^Y~A~sliNs7BLTrTHlii^M^rp^E^ENl ; 7
X) don't pay ren^, but put your money In a home;
only $100 cash and ba mice monthly will secure a
new cottage of 4 rooms. ! bath and modern Im-
provements. K. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second
st., corner Mission. . _^_ •
Cl QA-. 114 MCALLIS! KR, OPP CITY HALL—
»IrO<). 7 ro us. bath and range; suitable fora
physician, dentist or dressmaker. AsHTON <fe
GARDINKK, 411 Montgomery st. ■'..-..
HO FULTON EXTR v FINK UPPEUFLAT:
11«, 7 rooms: bath; $35. •
~\ M. sPECK & CO., ; 602 MARKET ST.,
LnL. hay- 41) new cottages and flats: cheap rent.
vi. i ■- - AtODEKN. -UNNY, UPPER, CORNER
ij!! I. flat: 6 rooms and bath. 4600 Eighteenth
St., corner of HaUie. . . ■ .
y, i). . 774 STEVKNSON, NKAR NINTH—
<J-U. Elegant new modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Apply DAVID STeKN & SONS, 20 Mont-
gomery st. : '
U LET— KOOMS; $11. 812 JESSIE ST.,
near Ninth. Key at grocery.
00 PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
— O blo<-k from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 6-room fiat: rent $15; water fr j e.
1 HIM' Post— s-ItOOM sUNNY FLAT; BATH;
11 UU garden: re t $17. "
/(HEAP MODERN FLATS, I AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16: see them. 623 a Seventh st.
Ir'LATS TU KENT FOX VERY LITT*,E
'money at BALDWIN & HaMMONICj*. Iv
iuonnroniery st.
1 A-) I HAIGHT. NR. BAKER- MCE 6- ROOM
.1 \j£ X flat: best block on Haight; fine view. .
C£ IV> FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS aND
<!r J— • basemeDt. 706 Birch aye.. n-. Buchanan.
-tiocsi.h.ti;pi>'u KOOMS.
i^nis Street.
300 ELLIS ■-. (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
— — housekeeping rooms: also su.tes and single.
liayes Street.
-1 rvQl HAVES— 2 PARTLY FURNISHED
XUt/2 front rooms: cheap.
Ma ket Street.
"I AD X MARKET— SUNNY SUITE. LIGHT
lvOi) housekeeping, $12; single rooms. $5 up.
Miun:i Street.
-AO MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O j:O housekeeping; large yard.
- - • N«»loin;» street. -
n(\£. NATOMA— TWO FURNISHED FRONT
UU«_) housekeeping rooms; hot water; also slnxle.
Shotwell Street.
QOQ SHOTWKLL— 3 FINK ROOMS: BATH;
£/.*««"> < closets and storeroom: >9: water free.
KOOila TO LEX.
i-udy Street. - .
91 0 EDDY — BACK PARLOR, SUITABLE
-.lO lor 2 gentlemen, $8: other rooms cheap.
k Eighth. Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st., near Market:, furnished and unfurnished.
■Ilia Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDES-
XV cent lights In every room; reading-room, con-
taining dal.y paiers: 'smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all nl^lit: rooms per nigh:. 35c to
$1 60: week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30: lire es-
capes; elevator on oCice floor; annex of 65 rooms
dow ready ;bot and cold water In each room: batus.
'1 II F. KAMONA. lot} i-LLJH. . Ml!". KATHV
X BART. manager— A quiet bonne: rentr%llr lo-
rsied: newly lurnisbed: elevator: botd:cold wa>r.
' Jrolnom Street.
IRC\ folsom— i wo sunny furnished
I \J'J front rooms; rent reasonable.
. Oeary Street.
91 r GEARY— 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
-It) Key 217 Geary at, '. ■ .-■
997 GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
Ci£t\ rooms, en suite or single; first-class dining-
room In connection.
A(W GEARY (THE >AVAKKE)-FURNISH-
\ \jk) ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
(T Il' GEARY— i- LEGANT SUNNY . BACK
uIC parlor; suites or single: running water.
VI AUTINETTL 1101 GKAKY, SW. C .R. VAN
IVJ. Ness — suites and singles; newly furnished. .
UaigUt Street.
OI HAIGHT— FURNISHED ROOMS.
i.oxtrarci Sire*..
QQQ HOWARD, COR. SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
'>O'i nished suites. $3 50 a week: single beds,
$1 25 to $1 50; double beds, $1 fcO to $'.' 50 week.
Jones street.
>-)(\ r 7 JONES— VAN WINKLE: NEW
— U I management; elegant sunny suites - and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.; $10 ioS3O.
Kearny Street. \ •
A.BLINGTON ..BOUSE, 327. KEARNY —
-1 Pleasant snnny rooms.en suite and single: lira;
1 rtnir. «'Very respect: terms rPa«on»D!f . ■ •
"VTKW AVENUE HOUSK, 904 KEARNY ST.,
. -Li corner ' Jackson— Single ■ rooms 16,20,25*50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
.•;."' .Market Street.
•V OBEMITTS HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — TER
1 nltrht. Ksc to *1 : week. *1 fiO to $5: famlll^t. .-..'
Minna Street. - ; . ■
(*f*rr MINNA. CO' - . EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UD I , nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week. ',
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 M ISSION; : SELECT
XII family, rooming-house; $1 60 to $ 6 per week.
OK CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS APPLY 1063
Mission st.: furnished or unfurnished.
,'-;', V-.- '; tost Street. - ,- » ■'.'■
".'RANDOLPH,'' 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
XV 5 y bay-window parlors: smaller rooms; run-
nlog water: gas: 81 50 to $4 per week. ;
1 owe. I si.ree». .
OAQA POWELL — FIXE SUNNY* FRONT
£.\JO suite; also donble rooms. L. STOKE.S. ?-.-■:
sixth Street. •
00 SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ' ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
....... Stockton '.ree.,
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
X nisbed rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
In every room: baths : elevator; transient solicited.
■ :', ''■' ■ *•• «T '.■■ao... ; '
ni 1 8U T T R-NICELY FURNISHED
■XX rooms; anltes or single; reasonable. ' :.
1 1 AS Bu ' rTEK — NICELY FURNISHED
XX ±O sunny single rooms and oflicei: $6 up. >.
Taylor Street. '"
I (\Q TAYLOR— SINGLE ROOMS, $1 WE' X;
XU V double rooms, $1 ' 75; large bay-window
suite cbeap."4t3gg9Esg|isasHBE4
~ ii>im >- res;. •
1 7 THIRD ; (IMPERIAL) — SUNNY FUR-
X I nished rooms: tourists specialty: transient.
. . ". .'A welfth Street. .
9-1 9 TWELFTH-UPPER ■ FLAT; ; 5 ROOMS
JU\. ~ and bath; all conveniences. Apply in rear.
i,(i.\i;ii:.\u A>L» xvOOJI.S.
: pG^A^Y^EL^IibNTE,"^oTR"TA
O\JX st.: sunny, rooms with free use of bath;
references: terms reasonable. ; ■ ;',j * •' ';'■ :
a 1 O KDUY- LOVELY SUNNY ' PARLORS
rtXZi and other room 1, with board: $20 up.
U'l , i. Bi-.KTLJ.Nw, 714 i.USU-A ■;, FAMILY
r ■ hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
Q( il. VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED BUN-
OvO room*-, good board; reasonable, -.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD ..; HOME FOR 1 OR 2 CHILDREN : |
.: piano' and: other advantages: own cow; 48
mon h. I?., hox 3. Call "Office. Oakland.
■■;. >luKiiS/ r ..< LKT. : ':;. U<-i-S:
0I» C -> eft 1518 MARKET. NR. CITY HaLL;
tJU-.UU. plate-glass front. ASi.TON &
GARDINER, 4. 1 Montgomery st. . -,>. '-
] Q<»». Howard, cok. fourteenth—
LOKtJ. store: living rooms: rent cheap, .'-.-' ■
o>O^. STOKE 3 KO MS; LIGHT CELLAR.
<ID^O. 1128 Howard St., near Seventh. .---' •
STORE. 1524 HOWARD, CO.X. LAFAYETTE,
with fixturt-s: cheap rent. ,', . . : .
-At) A FOURTH — »MALL STOKE WITH
"*-"' rooms In rear; low rent- Apply to G. H.
.UMBSEN & CO, 14 Montgomery st. .- , ••"..,;..-;•
A'l LOW RENT— PARI' OF STORE AND
xi. basement. 824 Post st. : .
OFJb'ICJiS TO i,KT.
DKSK-KOOM TO LET; CHEAP KKNT. , 609
Kearny st , room 8. <,'.-• ... ; - ~ . .' : ■
EDUCATION At., i
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
■ Bookkeeping, . business - practice, shorthand, ■
typing, telegraphy, , languages, ■ English branches,
electrical engineering; 'M teachers; 16.0UU gradu-
ates; day »nd evening sessions; catalogue. ' . .- .-
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market St.; expenses less, scholar-
ship better than elsewhere; teachers' preparatory
course free. ..-..'..• ■■■-■-■■■ - : y. - -
YKKS', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 32*
Montgomery v St.; Individual Instruction ' in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
lite scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo. I
; NGINEis.«ING BCHOOL: MKCH., ELKU,
£i civil, „ mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taught :es. 1864. A. VAN DER NAILLfc.N.72S Mkt
Ii OOKKEEPiNIi THOROUGHLY IN « WEEKS
X> or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARK, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
■ Private theatricals arranged: pupils reheansd
on riage. R. 5 and 12. i. p. o. F. block. 7th and Mki •
RENCH TAUGHT: NEW METHOD; PRO
fessor direct from Paris. J., box 10. Call Office
fl UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VoCAL
VX lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WKITNG, AKITHMTC. GP.AMR,
day night: no Classen; $5 month. 845 Mission.
TVJIUHTBCHoOL;HKALD'SBUS.COLLIi:GE;24
-Li Post ;conimercial,sbonband, English :low rates.
ROF. LOUIS Mi-.RKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, Powell.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German laneuat:<>B:s2 mo. 109TayIor,r7.
Alt Si INSAICUJUiiNXS.
A s christmXsis COMING AND YOU are
jt\. wondering what to give your loved ones for a
present, we suggest that you - favorably consider a
piano; we are - selling good-to:iea second-hand
pianos for $3, $1 and $5 per month: bean.iful new
uprights for $6. $7, $rt, $9 and $10 per month:
no cash payment require.; larser tban the a hove
amounts: uli purchasers of upright pianos from
us have the privilege of exchanging same fora [
steinway any time within 3 years from date with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnway A . Son's pianos, cor.
Kearny and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oak-
land, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle, Wash.
N UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY—
A choice selection of J the *weet,\' rich-tone
'•Hardman" in elegant cases; for 60 years univer-
sally recognized as the most durable piano in the
j world; 60.000 of them used by musical people of
this country and the royalty abroad won first
priz- at Columbian Exposition; prices low: a few
slightly used Hardmans and others will be sold
this week at sacrifice prices to c ose them out be-
fore the Ist of the year. , THE J. DEWING CO. . '
"' vYarerooms. second floor, Flood building,
Fourth and Market sts.
A BSOLUTKLYTHEOLDKST AND LARGEST
j\. house west or Chicago Is KOHLEH &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical . Instruments, of .all
grades and price*; terms etsy: prices lowest;
everything possible done 10 please and satisfy '.no
customer. , : '
CTUaLLY TH IS 81--ST BARGAINS IN PC-
anos; nee our list tor this week; pianos on $3,
$4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $16, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In th« - city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCKtt Co,
salesrooms 9SS Market su opp. Mason.
TTiLEGANT MAHOGANY CASK 3-PEDAL
XJ Stel .way upright; just purchased ; owner must
.tell before leaving city; £250 cash. Address B. 8.,
box 12, this office. < r■: ■ - "-.'..
AINES, BUSH & GEBTH AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices: fine second-hand
uprights. $135: organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
L INK STEINWAY UPRIGHT. JN PERFECT
I order, great bargain: French upright, $60; now
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO M ADVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
IANOS 8 i.D, RENTED, TUNED, RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
tban any other firm in the ; city. J. HARKY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st. ■ .. ; . ■ ,■:
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MU>T SEILT
pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 736 Market.
SHAW, STEINWAY~T2SO, CHICKERING
$185, and creat bargains; $4 a month.
HEINE, 136EI?lsst.:
(2; --,(\ tMKRSO.V X 'SEWOOD PIANO FOR
<i^lO\J. sale on if 5 installments. 2al L' aye . worth.
PLENDID MUSIC-BOX; PLAYS la TUNES:
O new: cost *S0; only $15. 415 Sacramento t.
MAGNIF.CKNT NEW UPRIGHT PIANO;
best make; at half cost. 1921 Sacrame 1 tout.
L INE UPRIGHT FOR SALE; CHEAP. Ba3
X Ca -tiro st. -'■■
A magnificent steinway : fink con-
i"V rlltlun: sacrificed. Room 21, 809 Market st.
"OKAUTIFUL B .CHSIEIN; IN USE ONLY 4
i-> months: sacrifice. E. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
T) ARE CHANCE— FINE T." P R I ( ■ H fTs 1 16
XV McAllister, next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
GOOD MARSHALL & WENDELL UPRIGHT.
$100. , Bruenn Piano House. . ...
XI AGNIFICISNT STEIN WAY LPR 1 0 HT AND
irK Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nets
WG. BADGE SOLE A ENTFORHALLET
* * «<fc Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
YRON MALZY. 308 PoST ST.— *>OHMKK,
Neu-by & Evan*. Briggs and other pianos.
C UPERIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD.& NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repwirer. 2 La; ham place.
DOLLAR A WKItK ON RENT tOJiXKAUr
buys new pinna. IX6 Ellis st.
HOKSKS. .-
I^OR SALK— BLOOD BAY MaRE: ' HEIGHT
fJC 16.2 hanas; weight 1100 pounds: a.'c 6 years;
sound and gentl>-: trotted quarters in 36 seconds;
I rangy and lengthy; will make a fine carriage or
road mare; price $200. ;
Also standard-bred team of backs; half brothers:
15.1 hands hUb and 5 years old; well-matched
and well-broken; can trot together? in less then a
three-minute Rait with' training; price $160 to
insure sale. Inquire at 347 r reruont si ,in rear.
A(\ HORSES rvii. bALK; ALM> . WAGON -i.
: X\J bugrie.s, carts, harness: - Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 Slx,h sr. : aactton sales every Wuaiidr
liay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Anctloneen.
'I'ilE EMPORIUM SALES AKUB, 220 VA.
X lencla St., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange . horses, buggies, wagons or hair- '
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
hi\l\ NEW ANU bi-CUN" I>UA.\ v UAK-
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrar
& rocka way. 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valenclv
Ci. HEAD DRIVING A.MiWOKK. HOKSJvo;
OVf weleht 1000 to 1700 lbs. «H2 Howard nt. , t*
..-, \V AUOA'ji ' ANLt . C AiviilAO ' ».
ANtVd^A BUSINESS" BUGGY; " GOOD
condition. B. A., box 83, Call Office. :
GOOD KE«OND-HAN'D i.IUHT F.XPRESB;
new platform: laun lr : cheap. 41 4 Broadway.
'.'■■-. : x\>*4; tALj'.-JU»tl,Lt,A>Lltta. ■
TiARBER-SHOP Fm^-SALK: 2 CHAIRS;
XJ good location; ' good butiness. Apply „to
Sh-ldon Sign Co., 1:4% Third st. < -'.i;.-
L> ARGAINS IS CAMERAS FOR FEW DAYS
XJ at 124 Geary st. ■ Removal Aionteomery st. - '
ICTURK-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IS.,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 16c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c: loxvO, 80c; 1»x22, 360: 20*24,
46c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JUNES. 647 Missiou ■u»-v''
STRICTLY HIGH-GRADE WHEELS:? '98
model; new . and a . few - slightly . used ; at a
special bargain to - close out > beford January 1 1.
Call a; 400 iiattery st. , -"■"'. ; --"  .-.-/ .
A T*\ACTO..Y WHOLKSALE PRICES— RAT-
xI. tan chairs, rockers, 'stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday -presents. .Save you naif by call-
Ing at once at Calitornla Rattan Company, -61
First st, near Mission. - o • .= ■ •'-.-*-.,•,■.;.:..;
B" ARS, SCALES. MIRROR-, : FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MkEK, 1118 Mission.
SECONLVHAND SAFE; FIREPROOF; VERY
O cheap. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Market si.
PRINTING . PRESS. TYPE. ETC. : ; FINK
X Christmas present HILL, 22V4 Geary, r. 39.
IGHEST PRICE PAID GENTS* 2D HAND
ciothlng ana dresses. Fa BIA N. 1020 Folsum.
VT ATION CASH - REGISTER, - GOOD y OK-
X\ der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission s:.
■ /COFFEE MILL. SCALES, ■ LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money til, safe: cheap. 102 Clay. '
MONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
the best. W. 8. RAY. MFG. Co.. 12 California
.TARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHKLV-
i'MIBg, etc.. i ought and sold. 1068 Mission, nr.7th.
h- oIL,EK>,ENGINES,^D-HANu MACHINERY
II water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpman. 137 Beale.
NE SMALL MKUiUMVANDuLAKuE-SIZK
fire and burelap proof safe.- 109-11 1 Market sc.
.'- i ', ; '.;■'- ,__'. ;; lil CYCLES. ; ',; '", .^■ : ..-"'-;-' :'':
?"7?oIPsTL^^rSTRE^7N^W~^IG^?GRArjE
? r bicycles." s3 J e«ch. Apply at Palace Baths,
715 Filbert St., between 11 and 2. -■ -■;• y -■ ;::; y ?r . '<
QPECIAL BARGAIN: NEW AND SECOND-
O haua; highest grades; lowest prices. DAVIS
BROXiiEiib, Cycle Pept., 25 Geary 8 u
■ ■ ■ . ■ ■ ; • : rr'Rsn'SAT,^. "
AT LINCOLN BRO-.. CASH GROCERS," 226
Sixth St., m dde of the block, 6-can mince-
meat, 25c; picnic bams. 6c lb; tomatoes; 5c can;
eggs, * 20c . doz. ; ■ batter, ; 25c « roll; milk, 6c can;
raisins, 6c lb; corn | starch, 5c | lb; 1 dates, 60 ' lb;
codfish, 6c lb; jellies, 10c can: > string \ beans. 6c
can; 3 lbs best almond*, 26c: Va gallon pickles,
15c: salmon trout. 10c each; 6 cans sardines, 25c;
dried apples, 6c lb: 6 lbs dried - naars. 25c; 10-lb
can lard, 75c; 6-gal. can | coal oil, 75c; 6 lbs dried
apricots, 25c; 10 lbs beans, 25c; 15 cakes soap *
Vsc; 6 lbs prunes, tOe ; LINCOLN BROS, 228
tixth st. •-.,,'. : ;■■■--.--■ -"■•- ■--'-■■ ' ■ ■' ■ - ' ■ ■ '
GKT A COPY OF "THE INFALLIBLE SYS-
■ tern": the only copyrighted, successful meth-
od of playin* the races: $1 a copy. N. Y. Turf
Exchange, 12 Montgomery st. : ■ .
mo WOMEN. , ; ~~ "
X Are yon losing your health? Do you suffer with
dizziness, headache, or any nervous trouble? ' If
so, you can be cured. Don't lose any time. Come
SMITH'S ELECTRIC: BATHS
•■ WILL CURE YOU.
Patients treated by mail, or, if desired, sunny
rooms and hygienic board at : low * rates. ■ DR.
SMITH'S catarrh inhalant quickly cures naial
ca arrh, grannißted sore eyes. 50c bottle by mall.
Address 1533 Buchanan st., S. F. :
FKEK -'. Exhibition TO-DAY — restau-
rant, hotel men and private families cordially
Invite 1 to call aid Inspect Pr-ngel"s new broiling
system; meat ' broiled uy this process remains
tender an i retains < II juice. Ladies, no black
fingers or soot; res auranv parlors • onnected wiih
exhibition: meals. American 'or European styie;
highest fold medals. 124 O' Fan ell Bt.
ADVICK- FKEE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
cialty: private, no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOW a, atty-at-law. 850 Market
I V MEANS OF PATENT HEATERS I RE-
I > duce the. time usually taken for shampooing
the hair considerably: shampoo, with pain hair-
dressing, ,50c: balrdresslng, 25c; ' "Qulnonia"
Hair Tonic, 5c U. LEDERER, 111 Stockton
St., near Geary. ;<■'■ -; ; -. i^'. '■ ■ •.:■■':,'.?■„•'•?-:•--.'
WAN I ED— PUPIiS; SPECIALRATEB; DAY
or evening classes; hairdressing' 26c; up to
date. Parlors 1026 Market at- over the Wonder.
1 AD V ' S * i- U K-LINKD . ENGLISH-MADE
JJ coat: driving or traveling; new; eat sacri-
fice. * 4 37 Geary St. ;•■■:■'.■: -•'■■•.-■■.■■•. ■ '■ .--.. -.I,;--'-;
JJARTTn lON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper I lustration— Christmas
va'Htion extends from December 18 to January 4,
i b97. Particulars at 424 Pine st. ■< ■ .f- v>
1 'I HE PEOPLE » Uit DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines far-
Dished for $1: call or v. rite. 1029^ MarkM *-,
t^t. sixth and Seventh, :. San Francisco, CaL . - . '
URNKi'T'SCOKN CURE— SURE CLKh. FOX
Xj corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
Llls UlifcANhU-i'tthnftKU,, $1; REPAIRS
dyeing done. 131 Moiucom»ry,r. ', 6 -I. red 37*.
VV ALL PAPER, 40 A Ui >LL: PAPER HANG-
'" inc. rail. ting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
. A SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENT -FINE
/V watches, diamonds, Jewelry in great variety at
lactory prices. A. A. Xl ITKR, 138 Montgomery.
L> I A UOZEN — i-INE I'ABlSfcl'a Ai' Wllr
dp 1 SON'S nailery. 1028 Market. vr
IGHE.VI' PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H »ND LA-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAHH 316 3d.'
i. 1G OUTDOOR STERhOPTICON >HOW EVE-
• ' ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.: artistic ad-
' vertisements In living light: promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1 140 Market st.
EL CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st., nr. Market;
100 rooms, -.'fie to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.iBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
DIVOKCjv AND ANNULMENT OF MAK-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9u6 Market St., s. F.
E MAKE THE BEST $12 SUIT TO ORDER
in the D.S. NEWHAUa & CO.. 116 Kearny.
IIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
* elry, etc; lowest rates. 948 Market st. . '
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses theklnetosaope films; price $*50.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market si.
1 (\l\(\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
■IUU U.TeI. Black 141. HILL, 22y a Geary st.
RAZOR ! EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET—
ment: fine edge put on razor for cents. •
_Wf ATL'HKS, DIAMONns, JEWELKY OF ALL
»' kinds at reduced prices; m us: move; lualldinx
to be torn down. ; 6 and 7 Third si. '
pUPTUKE PILES CURED: No PAY
XV until cured: send for book. DRS. MANSF-
IELD* PORTKKFIELD. 838 Market st. .
(^LOAK>. FUKS AN I) Blill > KKTAILKD Al'
) whnlpfial« T<rl'*»» F»rro>-<». V JO Sfumnrn* »t,'
. M^^tJlAKLlo.
SUITS MADE FROM $3 UP: SKIRTS. 76c;
oapes, $1: guaranteed.' 559Vj Stevenson st.
' CL.AAK « OYA-NTs. - V v
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE .WORLD'S MOST
famous medium ot modern times. Dou'l fall
to pa* her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
If n.amage, skkness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces. : separations, lawsuKß, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgage*, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, Interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell slocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be .your trouble, suspicions or de-ires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away- happier, wiser and bolder than eve. b-fore.
Hours l) a. v. to Hp. lr.i stiicu N. B.— S* lsfaoilon
guaranteed by mail bend stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DX .THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs 'and cards; tells entire life, pas.,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excelled; names given; good advice: sure
help; restorts lost love by svnipaiity: mistake im-
possible: fee $1: letters 2 .: 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
NOW THY FUTURE: CONUiT THE
magic medium; -love affairs, unhappy mar-
riages, business l-i vestments and all pertaining to
hupp ness; one price, 25c, MME. HaNSEN. 148
Sixth st., room 5. " \
MX -CHJriim, CLAIKVOYANT. TELLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. RAY B. NNETT— CARDS R AD; MAG-
netlc healing specialty. R. 2,122, 122 Post, Ist fluor.
MX. HANSEN, PALMIST, CA KD-KKADKR;
past, present and future: 25c' 148 6th st., r 6.
ME. MABEL WOODS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
er and clairvoyant. Room 8, 207 Post St.
»iME. DE YOUNG, MAGNE 110 HEALING;
i" card real ing; charms. Room 3, 309 Mitter.
AIR. r-YHILI-E 1 KLLs FKOM CRADLh. TO
grave: pictures given;ladles 25c: 914 O'FarrelL
V* ISSMELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
iVJ future husband or wife, 60c. 766Va Howard.
t MX. LEUETTE — CLAIRVOYANT & BUS.
1 ■ advice-. 25c: one price. ■31 Tebama, nr. 4th.
ME. NELSON, 1-K> M NEW YuKK, CARD
reader. <■ 120 a Eddy at., room 1. -
\| UK. ; MURK AU, BEST ; CLAIRVOYANT
ItJ and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS: LA-
iix di»g. 25c: gents, 50c. 951 Mission, Dr. 6th. .:■
YPSY LIrE-READF.K RKMOVED TO 3
. Seventh St., nr. Market; ladles j 25c, gents 1 50c.
\,l ME. FANNIE DAVIS, LUCKY MAGNETIC
healer: cards read. Room 2, 122 Post st.
17O RTU JiF.B TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
daughter: truths.- ■ 1835 Hyde st. - ; ." ' : '
R-. B. Ba LMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. ■ Residence 132 Turk st.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFS FLUENTLY:
i'l business advice: names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth
ME. BOTH HARRISON OF NEW YORK,
magnetic healer; card reader. 109 a Powell
St., room 17. :*•■':* _2~- ' .-"■ . .>"
'• '■' V ifci'J.jilTUAJLiibjM..
AT 997 MARKET *BT., "FIRST PROGREB-
-xi. slve spiritual Church,": grand entertainment
Christmas tree: 8 p. m : present* to all; ad. 10c
MB. ■ SMAN, TRANCE MEUILM, IN I E-
-1 pendent card-reader, life read ings, love affairs,
business, mining speculations. 83S Mission su 
• 141/- MCALLISTER— MRS. ~ 7", -J. - MEYER;
O^O test meetings every night. 10c- Tue., Wed.
Fix, 3 p.m. ; trance oir., Sat. eve i!6c; bus. si :logssl
88.- J. ,J. WHITNEY. -CLAIRVOYANT,
J'l trance test medium and 'life . reader. 218
Stockton nU^^:-:-^^--•■■:--'y - : -- : i. :■'.'■ '.:ry ., : -.■
ARRIVED.— MRS. BAXTER REYNOLDS,
test medium, 8 Mason su, room 8. ■ •
KB.' H-LLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS,^ TO B, $1 ;
circles Tues.,Frl.. 2p. t if., g50. . 233 Valencia.
v M. ' FRANCIS, <-.. INDEPENDENT - SLATE
• writer. 118 Hal-h st.; hours 9 until 6 pm.
•-" . ' iVbtK'H ■■ NEWS : FOR ■: 5-f CENTS— XUJI
. V WEEKLY CALL.Ia wrapper, tor mall Ing. .
ai±-NOTIS3I.
TTYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT;
XX success ertd.HvpnotlcM«smcrlclns,6o'Farre 1
."■■, •; ; - .//•;■ :. -,;■;: 1-KOPOSAX.S. :■ :' ;; •■. ;'. ; v :'■'
PROPOSALS I FOR THE I ERECTION lOF \ A
brick scboolhouse. S Office Board of Education,
San Francisco. December 12, 1896. tn accordance
with a reao utioo adopted by the Board of | Educa-
tion ■ of I the City i and County jof Ban Francisco,
Healed Proposal-* will be received by the j Superin-
tendent of . Common | Schoo's, in : open 1 session of
the Boar 1 of i-ducation. ou Monday, December
28, 1896, at 8:30 1 o'clock p.m., : for the | erection
and completion of a brick school building on a lot
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets. In . said City r and I County, 1..: accordance
with plans and specifications, which may be seen
at the office of i baries I. Havens, architect of said
board, room 65, Flood building, southwest corner
Fourth and >• arket reels. Bepar.itf* bids will be
received .1 for 1 1 ) the -; building $ exclusive of ■ the
work for which spe lal bids I .re | required ; : for s (2)
heating and ventilating, and f r (3) plumbing a. id
gasrlttlng. Kb- b bid must be -accompanied; by < a
certified check as required by the specifications.
The p: rty or parties to whom con true. may.be
awarded will be r< quired prior to or at time of the
execution of the: contract* to ray their proportion
of ihe cost of advert sing tills no ice in three dally
■•« - papers, an* I proposals £ furnished by the
secretary. The > board i reserves the right to reject
any or all bids/or any portion of any bid as the
public good may reoulre.-. > '■-■■:>■ "psmemmmM
: ■:.. ,°. aBORQii BEANbTON, Secretary.
CITT REAL ESTATE.
THE "MCCARTHY company (incorpor
1 ated).-...^:..-.v:... ; :-.„... ...;,.: - -.' ■■: ■ ■
- - REAL ESTATE OWNER. ■.■ :
james P. McCarthy— McCAETHT,
646 Market st., S. F. .
Vl-ROOM . COTTAGE !T ; 225 FLOOD AYE.,
" sunny side: $890: $10 t.er month pays for It:
others in ' proportion. THE ? MCCARTHY COM-
PAXY, 646 Market st. v . ; ;
mHK McCarthy COMPANY \ (INCOR-
X PORATED).
REAL ESTATE OWNER.
CITY LOTS $100 UP. : •
'■ Country acres; orange, fruit and grain lands; $5
per acre up. ■:,-. .'' ' " ' ' •
. EASY TERMS— EASY TERMS.
1 Small places, $26 cash, $10 per month up.
■■:• Offices: t>4t> jiarite.l st., San Framlsco.
<D»C TO $20 PER MONTH; WHY NOT? HOME
tip O lots, city or country. THE McCARTH x '
CO., 646 Market su, San Francisco.
The McCarthy ; Company (incorpo-
X rated), . ■:
real ESTATE owner
James p. McCarthy.
. c. avert McCarthy, .
646 Market st., S. F.
A HOLIDAY SUGGESTION.
BUY A LOT FOR CHRISTMAS.
What better present? For $5 . down ; and . $5 . a
month we will sell you a choice of 19 lots in Hom-
er's Addition, . 6x114 each: ao Interest or taxes
to pay: 1 r re, $275. . which is less than aojo ning
lots sold tor •• pot cash; fine location on Twenty-
ninth st.. near Diamond, ' 3 blocks from Castio-
street cable cars: this is an unusual opportunity;
no such lots for anywhere near that - price can be
found elsewhere; they are actually cheap at $400:
these terms and price of $275 will hold for the holi-
days only, so buy now. ; ~ ■■ ■ - .;. ;
JACOB HEYMA-., Owner, 11 Montgomery at.
Clj»»-/Wk WILL BUY THE: CHEAPEST,
«JpOtJ\/U prettiest and best «■• ttage In the Mis-
sion of 8 rooms anil bath, cor. 22d and Sanchez;
owner on premise^ Sundays. BALDWIN & HA-Si-
MOND. 10 Mon. gome y st. - . - ■ ■-.'.■
BRAND-NEW HOUSE;; $250 CABH, $16
■Xj monthly.' 'r/ ;--..'. ■■<-■•
\ --■- No : Interest ; on . payments. >{.- >
Lot 25x100 feet; level; one block from Mission-
street cars; , onposlte St. Mary's College stop; 4
large rooms; bath;-" city water; high basement;
veranda: all well-finished: , ope 1 daily: Cuvier
st. Keys next door, or apply 413 Kearny, 9to 12.
SEE NEW 7-R. HOUSE 35 JOOST-AVE., SUN-
O nyslde Tract; close to electric cars: easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. -
mjonfWk THE HXEsT BUILDING LOT IN
£\J\J I . he Miss. on: west line of Dolores, nr.
Twenty-flrst: 28x126. Apply to J. A. SAUER,
27 and 29 Suit»T - ..■ ' :, ■ ■ - ';
LOT 60X100 AND COITAUE, $600, $50
J down; $10 monthly. PATTEKSoN & CO.,
2 Valencia st. \; '-:"■''-' .. : -:  '-■■ '-::■■:■■
(J«j-i||i 4 LOTS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
«J)«J«JUU. that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco i roperty as part pay; must
be clear. BCKIBNXB <fc Co.. 7 City Hall aye.
PKOPKKTY WANTED.
WANTE^^3tANCH~WI I H GRASS, WATER
and wood: price $.500. R., box 1 3,' Call.
*KOJt*.fc..UTlC 1U i-XCUANUIS.
Q(\ "a'cbes^^hlkav y ' timb¥r^~land^in
CU Missouri: al<o 60 acres in -. W. Ohio oil and
gas center; Improved and highly cultivated; Pro-
bate Court appraisement $120,000, for good ranch
or S. F. properly ; no aeents. Address O. F-, box
li 9 this office, one week
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN Fit AN CISCO
properly; modern 10-room house, and lot 66x
118: close to business center in Oakland; value
$b5OO. WM. J. DINGKE, 460 Eighth st., Oakland.
i).|A-AtHE RANCH FOR BUSINESS IN
/.'J U city or house and lot. THOMAS & CO., &3
Sixth St., room 18. ' . . ,■ ' .:..■
uK.NC tun OLK LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
►D for sale. WOOSTEK <fc WHITTON, San Joso.
rpIMBER— Ii:BOACKp.S;,KtKN (U,; PLENTY
-J water: pxcp'lpnr »hn rnir-h.' X..-hox 16. Chl'.
. -- kt/Afti '10 LOAN,
©onn rsnn AT 6 v» fer cknt on city
t3)OUU.IIUU real estate; also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates In probate; any sum. sHAUJWaLC,
BUCKBKE A CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery St.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. Baldwin jeweli;*
stoke, 948 Market st, : open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR MORTGAGES,
estates, undlvlde 1 interests, real estate In pro-
bate: furniture : and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.. ' ■
WI>E AND SAVE INTEREST — MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building.. Pledges for sale cheap.
IKECTO.N YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays; - no commissions: low
intereic. Km. 68. Donohue - bldg. 1170 Market st.
©QkJX linn AX BANK KATES; IST. AND
— «>.".' v;' ' 2d mortea«:es. estates, rents, etc :
nd as low a* $50. H. ]M UK V. 628 Market st.
fljj - (\ TO $50.(J00J LOVVKaI' RATE: IST A Hi
»D«.)U mortgage: Hat or instlmnt. Dryden. 535 Car.
/~iNFURNITUiiK,ANDPIANOS: WARRANTS
\J cashed. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye.
4 DVANCES ONDIAMONDS.JEWEi.RY.ETC
A Columbia Loan & i ollateral Office, 9 (-rant aye.
T)KIVATE P KTY LOANS ON ANY GOOil
JTupcnritv: low )ntprp»t N.. box 15." fall nfrlco
I'Art.MJUI)KLi;.S. *
HIGHEST PRICE ■ PAID  FOR CAST OFF
clotblne. '■'< ORn'opo'ltnn I nan Office. 49 Third.
MONEY WANTED.
TJ/XN^rETT^A^oTN^C^i^^
»' class security for 1 to 3 years: value $65,000;
close to city : on country property. Address C D.,
t.'-x 02. Call Offlce.
aiJitHCAL.
ANEvvr REMEDY THAT IS 1 PERFECTLY
harmless; - never falls In any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$6 to $10. .No electricity or Instruments; , never
makes , sick to make well; travelers helped; no
delay; -years' experience: first-class home In con-
finement. Dr. & Mrs. Da vies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernta Bank. - Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 a. U. to 4, 7 to 8 p. m. ■ .
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store : every case lof monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours 1 when | medicines
and others - have " failed ; no instruments used;
many years' experience: .' every case guaranteed;
advice free:' terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dt . I>AIEV, 112
Market St., over the Owl Dim? Store. \ : . ■ " . • : .
DR. FOULEI"S- FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed. absolute cure for all female dis-
ease* (no ma. ter what cause): positively safe and
sure-, no aang r or after effects; taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
Ben t free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. . "■■'■-"..'
NEW PROCKS.->-NO MEDICINE, NSTRU-
rnent or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for ali female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at home; al cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPEKand MRS. DRS. NAIL, MlB Kearny.
LL CASES OF. MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
rctored in a few hours: safety a-sured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home In confine-
ment: consult free: confidential: hours. 10 o 5.
MRS. DR. W YKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln. ■
RS. I.OoDWIN, SPECIALIST: :. LADIES,
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
tree diagnosis. tees:sel>«tire. 904 MoAllisterst.
LPKAi'S FRENCH ;P'LLs— A BOON TO
dies with female 1 troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. o . D. ; don't delay until
too late. OSG<>Ol> BROS., Oakland, Cal." .:..: x.,-.--
-,-bURE C U K & FUR ALL " MALE Dl*-
eases, from | whatever cause: home I lc confine.
men: ; every ' comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 2^6 Turk w,:
UN'T FAIL TO CONSULT DA. JOKDANAT
bis museum, 1051 Market St.: his 30 years
tuccesstul practice Is a itattrantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfao orily by mail.
Q« ~{\i vPAID KOR A CASE 1 FAIL . O CUR OF
tJpOV/U female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation lrec MRS. DX. -to i T, 325 Ueary au
U FRAK'- FEM \LE RIIiULA 1 PILLS;
safe 1 and : efficient | emmenasogue: $1 per box. '
RICHARDS <fc CO.,drugglsts. 406 Clay St., sole ants.
SAFETY FOR MARRIED LADIES. ADDRESS
OP. O. box 1984. v -
HOME, A rKIEM) AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MR& DR. FUNKE. 1416 i-.ljrhih st., Alameda.
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FE.MALIi 1)1 EASE
J*e* MK<. DR, PI T ETZ and becontent. '-64V2 4th.
1 .H. HALL, 14MCALL1S1EK STREET, NcAil
Jti Jones. Diseases of women and children. -;.>;;.
,VI KS. DKB. » DONOVAN, ■> 1306 1 OLSOM • ST. ;
; IVI^ confinement: terms reasonable. ;> ...  ; ,. ; : . ; -
-~~ -.':■* ST. ;-;'■■
OST— A '-"pASSBnoKV "WITH; 7THK* HiBEB^
J J nia ' Savings and Loan ■ Society of ■ San Fran-
cisco, In the name of LEONAKD JOHN I'ASSEL,
No. 209 1489.. The nnaer will please return to
bank./.,:-;.. - -;- -■- ■■'■ ■;■. .'■'■".. ; - •'.-■} .-:-.:^;>v.:. : -.
I OST— GOLD LOCKET WITH DIAMOND
il - setting: initials J. F. , with 2 dogs' heads in It;'
liberal reward. Return to 711 Post st. r ■ ;. '■ ■■.--., .
C I OST— A vPASSBOOK = WITH .THE rHIBER-
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
XJ nia Savings and Loan society of *an Fran-
tl*eo, in th name of LAURA IHOMPSON, No.
179141.2. ; The finder will please return to bank.
1 1 f\ DAYS AGO: COW; HORNS HAWED OFF
I U at tips; fresh milch cow. Fin receive re-
ward ■:■. returning to Groth well > stockyards, r San
Bruno road. *r ■- •'.'■••■■'■"•-'.•..:. *-:: '' - v "."■."•;-■■"'.• ■:-.%■■ ' : -u-'i
EWARU $10 FOX RELIABLE INFORM A-
I 1 tion -. concerning ; three • calves r ~ stolen '• from
Orathweli stuckvarflg. Hrn Bruno road. '■■--- -■ ■■■■■
: ; : ''"bEWAJNCr ?' M.ACHANES. '■ '
A"^L KINDS BOUGHT. BOLDrEXCH^ANGEoT
ix tented repaired; lowest rates. SO5 Fourth a.
- COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
CJ> A cn :■, CHICK OUTFIT; ; 250 LAYING
«IP'it>V'. hens; horse, wagon, : harness, - cow, in-
cubator-brooder, farming and small tools: place
to let, 8100 per year; j 14 ; acres: . sandy soil; , all
nicely Improved; 2 • miles from here. ' GEO. C.
YOUNG, Petaluma .
RA GE. LEMON AND FRUIT LAND IN
. beautiful - southern California: . easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, 648 Market su,
s?an; Francisco. .-.--.;,- : /. •; .. .' . j.
ARIN CO. ; 8000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water . transit: $40 to $."5 per acre: errm to
suit- SYNDICATE IN VT CO., 65 Chronicle bid?.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS: SELLING
A the cheapest fruit, , vegetable and grain land
ever offered In Alameda County in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, 1% hours from San Fran-
cisco; . price S\!o to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must seil: tine l eriect; investigate. 67 Chronl-
cle building. ■
E.\D FOR ILLUSTRATKD PAMPHLET OK
California lands for sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-7 1 Chronicle building. San Franclsco.Cal.
UY THAT FINE DIA. HTUD: PKICE $55;
worth $100. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
I ITTLE HUM , CLOSE To TOWN . 1M-
Xj proved: easy terms: - also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. WING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Mark* 1 St.. a F. . :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAI ESTATE.
OUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
828 Madison 5t.,9 rooms. ................. $2B
Webster St., lovely 6 rooms.. 20
1360 Webster St., 8 r00m5............ 22
ft 16 Twentieth st., 5 room', ba:h 15
4iiJ Twenty-first St., 6 rooms, modern 16
Team and man to show property.
1, WM. M. DE ,WOLF, Rent Collector, 1050 Broad-
way, Oakland.
CTR HOLIDAY BARGAIN: TWICE CUT
straight In the middle; commissions thrown
in: a fine, modern home in Fruitva c; 91200 cash;
follow the fla^ LOWRY & OWEN, Frullvale
station - . .-.■'■ ' :..'... i x '
ANTED— SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE FOR
fine piece land, 140x170. near Telegraph aye.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
70 ACRES LAND IN CONTRA COSTA
ItJ Connt for good cottage In Oakland, Berkeley
or San Francisco. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
< C\l\ ACRES ORANGE. LAND,- NEAR ORO-
■ \J\J viile, .in thermal belt tor half what it is
worth: 20 acres oranges bearing. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
i(\ ACHES; CONTRA COSTA COUNTY:
ZU house 6 rooms; 4 acres orchard; 16 acres
wheat: $1600. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. . .■ . ; ■ ■■";; ■■ • . ■', ■ ;. '
N. EXCELLENT BARGAIN IN BEAUTI-
fuI Fruitvale; It consists of a modem 2-s ory
house of 8 rooms and bath; 7-fo basement: good
barn; corner lot, 60x135; fencea; on Fruitvaie
aye. ; has to be sold at a great sacrifice, as the
owner is going East. . . > .
Three years a. the present owner bollt the
house, which. including lot, cost him 4500; any
reasonable offer now given wl.l not be rejected
For further inform lion apply to H. A. PLEIT-*
NEK, Fruitvale statlou. . -
OK RENT— AN ELEGANT STOKE. WITH
living rooms in rear; on Fruitvaie aye., near
station; suitable for dry-goods, gentlemen's fnr.
nishlnst goods, groceries, bakery, delicacies, dress.
maker's parlor or any other Kind of business. Ap
ply H. A. P ElTNEK.Frnitvale station.
fflj^^n thu BKsr 1 1 bargain ever
<S)\JtJKJ. offered: cottage 4 rooms, barn, etc.; lot
60x122 and alley way; cost SHOO; insured $500;
assessed S1000: near electric cars; Fruitvaie;
easy t rms to any one . meaning business. Apply
at once ALDEN & CO., 90^ Broadway, Oakland.
<B!9infl NEATEST HOME -N THE MAR-
tJT'-jLUV/. ket: cottage 5 rooms and bath: lot
50x125: on an arts ocratic avenne: choice loca-
tion: all street work complete; convenient to local
and 3 car lines; * sp enuid buy: terms $400.
$2650— New modern house; 8 rooms and bath;
lot 3tixlOO: in choice location; in direct line of
improvements; street work all done; convenient
to car lines this property has been reduced from
$3bOO: terms $100 cash.
Strictly Al businesss block under foro-d sale
through financial difflcultl.s, $10,000; cost $16,-
-000; mortgage $9000: contains 4 stores and 4
fiats; goo j Incomer' must be sold to realize imme-
diate cash; corner lot. 60x100; see 1 his. -
$1400— Good income property; lot 50x140; 'i
cottagrs; both rented; on .first-class street; all
street work done: a splendid Investment; see this
at once. '.'■•. J. *. MY KR-<,
: . ■ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
Ql»*> ONE AD. LIKE THIS WILL Bit. 1 AKiSS
O— « for $2 on a $. 2 purchase at H. SCHELL-
HAAS'. Eleventh St., Oakland; you should seoh-s
display of bousenold furniture and carpets.
ATTAN KOCKERS rOK SMALL OR LARGE
p ople: fine assortment, low prices; we have
a lot of koojs that we. will turn into coin this week;
bound to give ■ you satisfaction. H. BCHELL*
HAAS, th" furniture-dealer, Eleventh St.. OaK-
land, see? , . : . . - -
rpHAT'S RIOHT— YOUR MONEY BACK IF
X goods are not as we represent them,, Is the word
of H. SCHELLHAAS, the Oakland furniture
Dealer, 408 Eleventh — 'tree?" .
(I • 1 n i\lUl ELEGANT RESIDENCE:
tjJJIU UUU. trade equity; 86000. ALDEN &
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Ci <7 -\ 1 1 4-ROOM . COTTAGE; LOT 60x1 V! 2:
(Jp • <)\J. nicely located. ALDEN & CO., 9j3
Broadway, Oakland. ' ■- = • ■
1 •>/ v | 6 ROOMS, , BATH, ETC.; $15
*$) I .-UU. monthly and no cash down; cars 1
block: great bargain. ALDEN <& CO., 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. :..
<E»7XTO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
tjjl« lots la the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and ban Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply ■to
CM. KUNKLE, owner, BisVa Washington su,
Oakland, Cat ' .
»ij»l Fvfl LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tjp i O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week : selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PIN BY owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
alameda keal ESTATE.
S"^^KißOA^D^AiN^VE^r^O^E^wnil]L^K
O sacrificed this week at H. SCHELLHAAS'.
Why not cut out this adv. T. It will be taken for
$2 on a $12 purchase at 408 Eleventh st», Oak-
land. .', ■ ■: . ■ ■•,-.'-■■"■'- '■ ■:- ■ ---■ '- : '.-'-. -■-.'. ■
II" WILL PAY YOU TO VISIT OAKLAND
X and see H. Schelihaas' new store; If you
are soing to housekeeping; special Inducements to
cash unrchasers. 408 Eleventh at,, Oakland.
OLID OAK BED-ROOM SUI . ES; WE MEAN
0 it; for sale or exchange at IL . Schelihaas' fur-
niture store, 408 Eleventh St., Oak and: have
you seen our new store? if not, why not?
CIAN A RENTED HOUSK BE A MODEL
J home? No. -Then why pay rent, when fora
small', rash payment . down and S2O to $35 per
month you can buy one of our handsome cottages?
$3250. Very ar Istlc cottage; 8 rooms and bath;
choi c corner lot: 60x100. . . . •
♦2850. Handsome cottage: 6 rooms 'and bath;
near Grand-stree station; 67 feet frontage.
$25110. Colonial cottage; 6 rooms and oath.
MAMCUSE <fc REMMEL,
' Bay-st. . station (broad-gauge). Alameda; 628
Market st., Sail Francisco. Office open Sundays
and holidays. ... .', ';^.?.:v.'; ■' - .
/• FINE LOTS,' 60xJ90, CENTRAL AYE: AND
D Park st. : great bargain.* •'■• '. •;--•'■'
•■-4 ? lots, north side San Antonio aye., 50x150;
off er wanted. • , •> ■ ! . - ■-.
1 lot, 4"x3VO, Clinton aye.; make an offer. '
■ 2-story house,- 7 rooms; lot 45x150; Blandlng
aye.: only $1500; bargain; easy terms. -
-Lot, b0x125, Bueua Vista aye., 2 blocks from
Bay-st. station: only $600. -= , ,
9 rooms, new; lot 50x150, San Jose aye.; bar-
gain. . ■'3ftis3B!Sj(Wß»*S . - - - .
- 10 rooms, new; lot 49x150; San Jose aye.; ele-
gant house: bargain. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park
aye.. lainerla • ■ ' _^
'■■'; DENTISTS. ;;? . -;;./"',■'.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, . bridge 1 work ■ and , teeth - without
plates a specialty. - 336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.
. 7 .; , FULL s SET .OFr. I j-.i;.TH : WORTH • 15 :
«TO I . warranted 6 years: extraction free; fillings
600. Chicago Dental Parlors. ;24 Sixth st. >; / v
POSITIVK. PAia I ESS EXTRACTION,
■TDK. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5376.
DX. ; JES-UP. DENTiBT, FORMERLY SUT-
ier and Montsr'y, can be ton-id 318 Kearny st. .
HALfcANT <fe CHAI.FANT, MOVED FROM
XJ 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a specialty.'
L ULL SET OF'IEKTH, $7, WARRANTED:
f l! filling 60c. crowns $3. . DR. BROWN, 21% 3d.
/ oLi O-N Üb.xTAL ASSOCIA f lON, 806 MAX-
V-' ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER, /
<JI;7 : A SE.T. >OK iTt.ETH— VV'A - . RANTED AS
•iT I ■ good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin beater. .:
PAINLESS 1 XTKAC 1 60c; CKuWN
X bridge work a specialty, plates $5 up; 13. rears'
experience. K. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 816% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM JllLu 1443 M.AKKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; - no : chance ■, for ■ extracting . when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ET ■O* XEEiJtt '\vIT 4 1 Ul" a fLAiJi. Liti.
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st. y-, >- >
1 K. J. J.L^Eiv. ILO6MAKKET, V.OK. OuLOEN
XJ Gate aye. ; open evenings: Sundays till noon.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, MAR-
J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, >1;', plates.' $5 up: nil. »1 up.
K. UhOllO X■■ W. LEEK, s THK >. GKN UINK
Leek dentist,' discoverer of painless extraction
■nd patentee of ■■ improved bridge ; work or . teeta
without any plate, moved from 610 20 O'Farrell it.
LL WORK >h>:ASONABLK-«AND WAlt-
ranted. DR. ? J W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
'. " ? - : - ' ' : ■ : : ' - ■ S'. HOX - . . '
TTBO^Ki^N^T^o'T^L^^b^^^BU^H^^^
I ' board and room $1 to $2 per day, 3 6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
10011.8 for family $1 to SI 50 per night: ' first-class
service; tree coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
MJLBKXAOK ■ I.ICKNS£S.
rhe following ' marri»ne ■. licenses have - been
Issued by the Connt v Clem's office:
G. Hoiop and Clara Meyer, 21—19.
- J. P oeger and Wilhelmlna Krone. 25—29.
James Daly and Mary F. Ca ilgnan. '25—24. '
M. F. Kaufmann and Lottie Neuberg. 32—23.
Charles W. Loose ani Anna Nelson, 29— 33.
P. R. Brownell and Gertrude :M. Chambers,
25-19.
Andy Pribnla and Katie Godvin, 24— 21.
j G. V. Dab rich and Lily M. Mor on > 21—19.
Otto I'Oranaoa nnd Ettah Brown. 40-20.
L. Steveno: and Julia Mas-ion. 24—19.
R. Fowlle and . dria J. Temby, 34—29
>:. D. Mattia and Angelina Carof >10. hB— 27.
J. M. Miller and Minnie U Sawyer. 23-20.
— MARRIAGES —
BORN.
ALBRECHT— In this city. December 24, 1893, to
the wife of Henry C. Albrecht, a son.
BURMKISTER-In th.s city. December 14, 1893,
to the wife of Alrich Burmeister, a son.
EDWARDS— In this city, at the Potrero, De-
I cemoer 21, 1899, to the wife of George Edwards,
a daughter.
MARWEDEL— In this city, December 23, 1893,
to the wife of C W. Marwedel. a son.
ROGERS-In this city, December 23. 1896, to the
wife of Lovrery Herbert Rogers a son.
HAKKI£O.
BAKER-OCHS— In this city, December 23. 1893,
. by the Rev. Philip coombe, Albert F. Baker Of
- San Francisco and Anna D. Ochs of San Jose. ' '
ERICKSEN-G AY— ln this city, Decem
ber 23, 1898, by the Rev. Philip loombe, Erlcic
EricKsen of Ferndale and Lucie C. Galloway of
San Francisco. ,
TEMBKY— In this city, December 23,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. K. R. DUle, Robert Fowlla
ana Edna J. Temoey, both of san Francisco.
MORSE— KELLOGG— In this city, December . 24,
1896. by the Rev. J. E. Scott. Allan V. Morse
. and Clara P. Kellogg, both or Santa Rosa. Cal.
NICHOLS— FRANK— In this city, December 19,
1890, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand, X. L. Nichols
and Lillian Frank, both of Sa i Francisco. ••'
SMITH— McCRACKKN— In this city, December
, 23, 1896, by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, George
Frederic* smith of Berkeley and Laura SpoSord
Me racken or Oakland. ■ . ■■■■ •
SPENCER— FERGUSON— In ihis city. December
9. 1896, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. John L.
* Spencer and ■ Nina M. Ferguson, both or San,
. r»nclsco. • ■;- .-
- ——■ DIED.
Adams. Eva G. Lovett, Mary
Ba>ion, Abner F. Lowry, Annie E. "
Br«d/, Philip McDonald, David.
Brown. Elizabeth Newman, Joseph
Conn, Kate Pajunen, Franz '
■■ Coulter, Jennie Retus, Eddy
Day, Marion E. sco;t, William B.
Doyle, Robert J. Seaman, Mrs. George
DrUco 1, Ellen . . Sears. May c ,
Duncan, Julia V. Simars, Simo 8.
Edwarus, Charles Stegman, Frances A.
Furlong, John Turner, Catherine
Wilson. James ii. .
ADAMS— In Oakland, December 24, 1839. Eva
Getchell, wife of J. M. Adams, and daughter of
Mrs. C. L. and the late Benjamin Hint, a native
of California, aged .38 years. [Maine papers
please copy.j
Friend i and acanatntancei are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORR9*
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her mother, 574 sycamore street, Oakland,
■■ Interment private.
BASTON— In Fruitvale, December 23. 1«?98,
Abner Freeman, beloved husband of Sarah E.
Baston, father of Joseph W. and Alice P. Bas-
ton and Mrs. J. R. Swift, and brother or the late
Joseph iG. Baston, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 66 years 4 months and 3 days. | •
BRADY— Ia this ell/, December 24, 1898, Philip,
belovel husband or toe late Mary Bradv, father
of Thomas and Mary Brady, and brother of Mrs.
Mary Cashidy and Mrs. Benjamin Neusheler,
a native oi County Cavan ireiauj.
' J93"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Saturday}, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. Ul uiibrrc.3.r<»., thence to St. Rose's
- Church, where a requiem high - mass will .be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
. ing at 9 o'clocK a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. 7 . .
BROWN— In this city, December 24. 1893, Eliza-
-• beth, beloved wife of Peter Brown, a native of
New Yor», aged 18 years 5 montus and 19 days.
COHN— In this city, • De. ember 2z, 1893, Kata
Cohu, a native of England, aged 63 years 10
. months and 8 days. ■'
COULTER— In this cltr. December 23. 1896, Jen-
nie, beloved wife of George Coulter, and mother
of Maude, Maybeil, Myrtle and Marshall Coul-
ter, a iiiwiV" o. Ire. and, age 4 45 years. .- .
Jo3~Friends and acquaintance) are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday}, at 2 o'clock p. H., from her late resi-
dence, c'Z'i fc-ureKasixetit, between Twentieth
and' Twenty -first. Interment i. v. O. *: ceme-
tery. .
DAY— In Oakland, December 23. 1893, Marlon
Elizabeth Duy. a native of Oakland, aged 3
mourn and 14 days.
DOYLE— In Menlo Park, December 23, 1896,
Robert Jos ep», beloved eon of Jame* R. and
Katherine Doyle, a native of San Maieo, aged 23
years 11 mouths and 20 days. .
Friends and acquaintances am respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of nis parents, .u^uce o tae c.iur.n of me
Nativity, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his sonL Inter-
ment. Holy Cross cemetery.- Menlo Park. - - -
DRISCO^L— EiIen, wue Of the late M. DrlseolL
and beloved mother of Winifred Lawreuson, a
I native of County Wex ford, Ireland.
j(ST Friend* and ncoualntancM ar» respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from her late
> residence, 010 Tehama street, ihence to St- Pat-
' rlo4 'a Church. Interment Mount Cat vary Ceme-
tery. - ' • ■ '
DUNCAN— In this city, December 24, 189 d, Julia
Vodges Duncan, youngest daughter ot Joseph
Charles and ..lary R. Duncan, a native oi Los
Angeles, aged 8 years.
EDWARDS— In this city, December 33, 1898.
Charles Edwards, a native of Aus.ralla, aged 48
. years. :. ■-;; '•:
FURLONG— In this city, December 22, 1896, John
Fur.ong, a native or Ireland, a^ed 6 i yean.
IiOVETT— In san Rafael, December 22. 1896,
Mary Lovett, a native of M 111 vale. Mass, ageJ
44 years.
LOWRY— In this city. December 24, 1893, Annla
£ beloved wiieof the late William R. Lowry,
and mother of William R. and Alfred S. Lowry,
' a native of Aberdeen, Scotland, ag>id 64 years 'i
'-. months and 23 days.
McDONALD— In tnts city, December 19, 1896,
David McDonald, a native of Scotland, aged 67
. ▼ears. ;,. .'-■-■ ■ / . . ■ ■
NEWMAN— In this city. December 22. 1836,
Jo.eph Newman, beloved husband of Amaila
' Newman, and father of Mrs D. Krans, M.s. H.
It ngemann, Mrs. Jacob rich and Adolph, Her-
mann and badie Newman, a native of Hungary,
. aged 84 years ana 21 days. - -
• O" Friends . and acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from bis late
residence, 6 3i» >tevemon street, between
Seventh and Eighth, ihence by train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. If.
Interment New Salem Cemetery. ' . .
PAJUNEN— In this city. '' December 23, 1896,
Franz Pajunen, a native of Finland, aged 'ii
. years. £d%MW9SSHHOpIBg)M*MMU£Mi
REUSS— In Oakland, December 24. 1896, Eddy,
youngest son of Nells P. and Anna P.euss, a na-
tive of Oakland, aged; 5 years and 16 day . ■
' j)9"Frientls and a'-auaintaticM are re-«nect-
' fully • Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
, December 27, at 2 o'clock p. il. from the resi-
d ence of the parents.Blo Isabella street, Oakland.
SCOTT— In - Bavenswood, December 24, "1896,
•- William H. scjtt, son of Rev. J. E. and Cather-
ine V. C. Scott of oaa Francisco. ■  .«
SEAMAN— In this city, December 23, 1896, Mrs.
> George Seaman, beloved wife of George , Sea-
man, and sister of Mrs. L R. Doolittle, a native
of Maine. : * ■"■ ' '-'
JS-Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
' (Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., at Hotel St.
' Nicholas. Interment private, cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via funeral-car El Descanso.
SEARS— In' this 'city, December 24, 1896, May
Claie, beloved daughter of M. G. aud Nora Sears,
. a native of Saa Fraaciaco, agea , a years and 1
mon h. -". , ' '
.O-Intermeni private.
SlMit AX— this city, December 24, 1895. Slmo
S., beloved son of :tie late Stanko S. Simrak,
husband of Josephine Simrak, father of Albert
Simrak, brother of Mitchell, John and Stephen
blmrak, and uncle of ■, Mark Passonoz and
Achilles • Doclestlch. : a native of Castel Nuovo,
Austria, aged 29 years 10 months and 9 day
STEGMAN— In Oakland, .'December 24, 1896,
Frances A. B;egman. sister of. < Mrs. J. P. Ames,
Mrs. S. A. Youse and C. H., W. G. and E. E.
Stegman, a native or Arkansas. . -
'JtSTFriend* and acquaintance! art respect-
fully : Invited to ' attena •: the . funeral services
To-iloriKJ Jf (Saturday), at 'i o'clock p. m.. at
the reside. ice of Jud^e .<. p. Ames 113<S Adeline
sireeu Oakland. : Interment private, Mountain
View Cemetery. - s
TUI'.NER— In Ocean View. December 22, 189?.
. Cather ne. beloved wife of William Turner, and
beloved mother of John, -Nellie, William and
Emny Neary Turner and' Mr-i. Maggie Borne-
man, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.:-
-' g^ Friends " and . acquaintance i are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at ''■> 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
rt-sideuce, tears street, Interment . Hay Cross
Cemetery. **QPMapMBf9*AOiMMM .'
WILSON— In this city, December 23, 1896, James
: H. Wilson, belovel lather of Mrs. T. P. Deenng
and Mr*. J. E. Niven, a native of New York,
a, el 67 years. - ;
• ' ■ '- 19" Friends are : respectfully Invited .to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
11 o cloc* a. M-, at his late . residence, 242/ Fol-
. som tr e [ -..'•; '-- r •
' MCAVOY A CALLACHER, A
■' FUNRRAL DIBRCTOBS * EMBALMKE3,
- tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. '
F. L. GUNTZ. 'V H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & QUNTZ,
: Funeral Directors and Hmbalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
i Telephone South 432. T. ' ' ...
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ' MATEO COUNTY: • NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no seas* ax-
elusive; location unexcelled. . O&ice hV7 Hat'tm
; tureed wuiheau cot uur V &UU*. ,
1314
BUTTE PLAYERS
UNDER PROTEST
Two of Montana's Stars
Charged With Pro
fessionalism.
But Will Be Permitted to Enter
the Game To- Day With
Olympic.
The Big Elevens Well Matched in
Weight and a Fierce Struggle
Probable.
Botte and Olympic will line up for 'a
great struggle this afternoon on the Cen
tral Park gridiron. Game will be called
at 2:30.
There was a time yesterday when it
looked as though the Montana team would
be compelled to go into the contest with
out two of its most valuable piayers, but
late last nightjthe objection to tho amateur
standing of these two men was tempo
rarily removed and they will be permitted
to enter the game under a temporary pro
test pending a more detailed investigation
into the hearsay charges of professional
ism preferred against them.
These two men are the giant Hall, the
ex- Princeton and ex-Michigan guard, and
Laswell, the line-bucking fullback who
does the kicking for the Butte team.
President Humphrey of this City, as
official head of the Pacific branch of the
American Amateur Union, heard of ihe
rumors concerning the standing of these
two men, and very properiy, upon learn
ing that there existed a doubt as to their
being strictly aiuateurs, entered a protest
to their playing, for the reason that if
professionals they wouid, according to the
amateur code, make the men tney played
with professionals.
Of course both teams objected to having
men disqualified at the very last moment,
for each wants to meet the other and win
with and from the best eleven piayers
available.
The facts of the case seem to be these:
Laswell, according to R. M. Welch, chair
man of the racing board of the League of
American Wheelmen, has been declared a
professional and suspended until July 1,
1897, on the charge of baying received
morey for pacing a professional bicycle
rider. Lasweil'c'.eclares he has never re
ceived the notice of this action, or he
would immediately disprove the charge.
Last spring, he says, a cycle meet was
held in Butte. He was entered in an ama
teur event and was also down on the pro
gramme as pacemaker for one of the nomi
nally professional events. No prizes were
offered for either class of events. Loswell
was hurt in his race and did not have
a chance to pace. Another man
did the posing and the newspaper ac
counts following the programme used
Loswell's name. He claims that he is not
a good bicycle rider anyway and has not
sufficient speed to warrant his becoming a
professional if he could do so.
Hall, while a student in the Michigan
Law School, from which he was graduated
last June, competed with the Michigan
team against Berkeley at Chicago a year
and a half ago and smashed the National
intercollegiate shot-put record.
A protest was afterward entered against
him as a professional. He paid no atten
tion to it, he says, for he had made up his
mind to devote no more time to athletics
while at the University of Michigan, but
to spend his senior year in strictiy attend
ing to his studies alone.
His case was followed up, and it seems
he was declared a professional, though be
declares he has never been notified of any
such action. Now he regrets, he says,
that he did not follow up the case long
ago and refute the charges.
It was partly at the request of Manager
McMillan of the Butte team that the
protests were entered. He wants an in
vestigation to be made which shall clear
his men once for ail oi the suspicion of
professionalism.
Burte. in final practice yesterday after
noon, showed that in catching the ball
and in punting the men have greatly im
proved over their form of last year. Los
well, so McMillan claims, has outpunted
every man he has opposed this season,
and can, he thinks, kick about as far as
Ransome of the Berkeley team.
Kickine waa the weakness of the Butte
team last year. As a whole and almost
man for man the present Butte team is
superior to the team that played here last
winter, and easily defeated Olympic and
gave Reliance a hard rub,
For new men of university experience
Butte has Dygert, an old Michigan Var
sity man, who is considered a star half
back; Hall, the old Princeton and Michi
gan guard before mentioned ; Benson, the
old Berkeley quarterback and last year's
captain, and Jones, tackle, formerly oi
the University of Nebraska.
The men who will play to-day with the
Olympic team are too well known about
the bay to need an introduction. Most of
them have been stars elsewhere.
This is the way the men will oppose
each other when lined up, the indicated
stripped weights showing that Olympic
has a slight advantage in the superior
weight of her three center men, though
NEW TO-DAY.
I I
\\ The absolutely pure i
|| BAKING POWDER I
f . . R OVA L— the most celebrated of all - {
{ \ •- :':■■ the baking powders in the world— eel- i
J ebrated for its great %«!«■»>»■ #
' 0 leavening strength and |fli=llliiSs #
J purity. .It makes : your . fCtfVIJ?) H : i
J. "• cakes, biscuit, bread, rv^^s ItH
0 etc., healthful, it assures 'j| Jjj|||ki 1 f i
i you against alum and all ky CsO| II J
t forms of adulteration HhiJ^'^Snf #
J that go with the cheap feSIJK PDWHI 5
J brands. t
*[ ROYAL BAKINO NWDIR CO., NEW YORK. 0
DAYBREAK ON CHRISTMAS MORN IN RICHARDSON'S BAY.
The Steamer Oregon Looms Up in the Foreground and the Remainder of the Fleet Show Up With the Christmas
Tree at the Masthead.
the two teams average : almost the same —
Butte 171 pounds to the man, Olympic 173
pounds to the man : •■•;-•;■-"
Butte. i ... ' .. Position. i ■ Olympic.
800 Pernnm, 186 L. E. .«. McCormick. 155
slater, 178....... 1+ T. X.. KrskiDe, 100
Hugh Pernam. 183 ...L. G. R.... ...... 5heeny. 201
Prabm. 173 , ..C. .Ames. 185
Hall. 198:....: B. G. .Smith (cap.). 194
Jones, 175 K. T.I. loner, 185
McPherson, 158.. K. K. A..;. ...... ..N01an, 156
Benson (cud.), 135.: ..Q.... ....Code, 163
DyKert,ls9 ....u H. X Morse, 158
McMillan, 165"> -a a r &„..'« »,. no
Glllis. 160.....; K. H. L Searight, 172
Laswell. 170..... :.F.. Stickney. 155
Substitutes— Butte: • ■ Ed Perliam. half or end,
160; - Harrington, tackle, ] 45: Stivers, quarter,
14u. Olympic: Felton Taylor, fail, 186: Snow
den, half, 164; Thier&auf, end, 160; Hobos, guard,
203.
Strangely enough the colors of both
teams are the same — red and white — so it
will be difficult to distinguish the parti
sans of one team from those of the other
exespt by their timely yells.
Lieutenant Hinculey, West Point, will
act as umpire throughout the game. He
was one of the officials at the Tuanks
giving game, and gave satisfaction. Mr.
McNear, Harvard, will probably be the
referee.
He officiated at one of the big games of
this season at Central Park, but was criti
cised at the lime for not being well up on
the new rules. The linesmen have not
yet been decided upon.
No word has been received by the Butte
team in response to McMillan's telegram
to Los Angeles suggesting a came tnere
before New Year's day with the Berkeley
Varsity team, which is to meet the l>os
Angeles Athletic Club eleven at Los An
geles this afternoon.
Stickney's long, scientifically executed
kicks will, it is expected, be a prominent
feature of the Olympic game to-day.
The second Butte-Olympic game will be
played New Year's day at the Presidio
athletic grounds.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Company M and Company H Con
test at Presidio Grounds
To- Day.
Company M and Company fl. League of
the Cross Cadets, will play their match
game of football at the Presidio athletic
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
| grounds this afternoon. Game will be
cailed at 2:30 o'ciock and two 30-minute
halves will be played. Several chances
have been male in the personnel of botii
teams from the prospective line-up re
cently given in these columns.
The learns, since tueir final ma ice up,
j are thoucht to be particularly well
matched and capable of furnishing an in
teresting and exciting contest. The Com
pany M team averages 141 pounds stripped,
while the Company H team averages only
a half pound more to the man.
The officials chosen tor the game are:
Referc, Fish, Harvard; umpire, Regan,
Company C, League of the Cross: lines
men, Lamey of Company C and Mogan of
Company A, both League of the Cross
Cadets.
A LAW FOR BARBERS.
They Are Drafting a legislative Bill
,> Intended to Regulate the ;
. . Profession.
The reports made at the last meeting of
the Journeymen Barbers' Union No. 27
show that the organization is in a strong;
condition and promises to make itself felt
in the near future. The new officers
elected are the following:
President, A. Lorentzon; vice-Presid<"nt G.
Barreit; financial secretary. 1. Less; record
ing secretary, G. 11. Hard; guide, M. Fleming;
guardian, P. Rodriifues ; finance committee —
C Quimby, I. Martin, J. P. Martin; auditing
committee— A. Less, C. H. Jennings ant Wil
liam Briuesii&w; trustees— F. Hodges and J.
Heegler.
The union has taken a new departure in
its efforts to Buppress the barber "col
leges " and the 5-cent shaving-shop. It is
an effort to secure the pas -age of a bill
through the Legislature similar to the bill
now in force to protect all legitimate den
tists and doctors. Tho bill proposes to
regulate the apprenticeship of barbers
throughout the State so that one cannot
pretend to be a journeyman until he has
served three years as an apprentice.
All appreiuicss must be examined as to
their qualifications by a board of live ex
aminers, who are to be appointed by the
Governor of the State. The fee for exam
inations shall be $10 and certificates to
practice shall be $2 50. These fees, etc.,
go toward the expenses of the examining
board. Also that all barbers must register
as such within six months after the pnss
aee of the bill. The penalty for violating
the proposed law is placed at from $23 to
$100."
The committee having this matter in
charge consists of C. H. Jennings, F.
Hodges. I. Less, G. Barrett, G. H. Hurd
and A. Lorentzon. They have placed tbe
matter in the hands of a competent attor
ney, who is drafting a bill UDon the lines
set forth.
MR. BABCOCK IMMOVABLE.
Refuses to Vacate the Office of Super-
intendent of Public Schools.
Reginald H. Webster, who was elected
Superintendent of Schools at the last elec
tion, filed his oath of office yesterday and
demanded possession of the office, but
Madison Babcock, who was appointed by
the Board of Supervisors, refused to va
cate.
Mr. Webster at once filed a suit asking
that Mr. Babcock be ousted and that be
(Webster) be adjudged the rightful holder
of the office.
The complaint is in r.ama of the People
of the State of California, Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald having given his assent to
such proceeding, the other attorneys in
the case being C. W. Greene and Garber &
Garber.
In his statement of tbe case Mr. Webster
sets forth that A. J. Moulder was elected
in 1894 and died in 1895. whereupon Mr.
Babcock was appointed to serve until an
election could be held for the unexpired
term. Mr. Webster received the greatest
number of votes and demands the office.
The refusal of Mr. Babcock is based on his
understanding that he was chosen to serve
during the entire unexpired term for
which Mr. Mouklor was elected.
Judge Bahrs' New Calendar.
Judge Bahrs took his seat on the bench in
Department 3 of the Superior Court yesterday
and issued a notice that a general calendar of
all cases at issue In this department will be
called on the Gth of next month, and that the
law and motion calendar will be called two
days later.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building to be removed. 5 and 7 Third st.
SIXTEENTH STREET
IS ILLUMINATED
The Electric Current Has
Reached the Mission
District.
Business Men Hail the Im
provement With Great
Dslight.
Si'e Streets J in the General Move
ment Toward Turning Night
Into Day.
Sixteenth street has felt the electric cur
rent on fonr of its business blocks, with
Mission street thrown in as a side dish to
the general white-light innovation which
has now been introduced on the principal
business streets of the City.
So anxious were the merchants on Six
teenth street and two blocks on Mission
that the original programme had been de
parted from to a certain ex ent, as it was
the intention not to have the current
turned on until to-morrow night, hut the
merchants were so anxious to emulate the
example of public-spirited business men
that they forced the electric light com
pany to string its wires and hang out the
lanterns as a beacon of light for Santa Claus
when hovering over the City in his airship
that he might descend in tbat locality and
unload his trunks of good things to those
so deserving of his recognition.
Consequently the appearance of both
Mission and Sixteenth streets has been
improved very noticeably by the change
in the method of lighting There was no
demonstration by the merchants of either
thoroughfare.
In consequence of the increased business
which the Christmas season always brings
the Sixteenth-street merchants found that
they were unable to arrange for a jollifica
tion this week. They have therefore de
ferred their celebration until New Year's
eve, when the rash will be practically over,
and then additional lights will be addeu
in the shape of bonfires and Japanese
lanterns.
The following are the names of the mer
chants on Sixteenth and Mission streets
who have subscribed to the illumination
fund:
Sixteenth street— 3oo9, Geuleanelli Bros.;
3025, David Schwetzer; 3033W, James Boyle;
30U9, Goldman «Jc Son; 3027, A. B. Balacon ;
3026, H. Haal; 3022. W. Bruce; 3021, E.
Alrick; 3014, L. Carl ; 3012, J.Linnegan ; 3010,
C. A. Parkin; 3008, C. Weiser; 3009J4, B.
Quartarei; 3007, A. Fischer; 3000, \V. S. Voy;
3003^, P. Bonn <fc Co. ; 3002, McCory & Wes
bitt; Mission and Sixteenth streets, F.
Musgrave &' Co.: 2976, C. Murphy;
2943, W. H. Benson; 2937, W. Bowman;
2931. J. Morsn; 2924, J. Leichter; 2920, W".
Brußker; 2922, J. Sevensky; 2917, G. Jajrer;
2908, Charles Rehn; 2906, J. Jacob; 2901,
O. Jentzsch; 2900, V. Rijjise; 2903, Mrs. Galii;
northeast corner Mission and Sixteenth, Cap
tain J. Powell ; Sixteenth and Mission, Walbel's
Bazaar: Capp and Sixteenth, Kuhieman Bros.;
southeast corner of Mission and Sixteenth,
Burns Bros.; Sixteenth and Capp, O. Dwyer &
Co.; Capp and Sixteenth, 2a. Eberhart;
Sixteenth and Capp, C. Mangeis; 2896, P.
Bunary; 2892, C. A. Taylor; 2885, I. Freed
tnan; 2875, F. Brandt; 2873, G. E.Adams;
2865, F. Waynatles; 2859, G. Graff ; 2828, John
Center; 1937, R. W. Deane; 1939, W. H. Tay
lor; Howard and Sixteenth. H. Stoever; Six
teenth and Folsom, G. H. Van der Mehden;
Folsom and Sixteenth, W. J. Lund; Sixteenth
and Valencia, L. Pallonien; 3047, J. Fleisch
mann; 3045. John Meavy; 3038, Charles
Mayer; 3037, J F. Nlchman; 3035, A. Iciian ;
3034, Peterson & Christenson.
Club, Poison or Liquor.
On the 22d inst. Laidel Larsen, a tailor, was
sent to the Receiving Hospital from 17 Folk
lane Dy Officer McGovern. The tailor srM he
had been poisoned, but he refused to tell the
name of the person wlio gave him the poison.
Lnrsen was sent to the Ctty mid County Hos
pital, and while there he told Dr. Dorr that
some one nad struck him on the ueaa. Lar ■.•:!
sUed yesterday aim his body was removed to
the Morgue, where an autopsy will be held.
Deceased had been a heavy drinker, It is said.
THE NEW GRAND JURY.
Presiding Judge black Expects to Fill
the Panel To-Mnrrow.
In the Superior Court yesterday Pre
siding Judge iSlack began the work of im
paneling a new Gran i Jury, but so many
citizens begged to be excused tbat only
fifteen were accepted. Their names fol
low:
Raphael Piexotto, H. W. Westphal,
William Luiz, R. B. Kittred-e, M. P.
Fragley, H. W. Hannemann, John C.
NoObmann, James Focjarty. W. M. Brunt,
A. L. Piper, S. W. BacKus, Louis S. Kast,
Patrick Auern, Owen E. Brady, Ed C.
Kalben.
In order to secure three new jurors it
was deemed necessary to issue a venire for
twelve men, the drawing of names from
the box hnving the tollowing result:
A. W. Wilson, 2225 Brondway; Robert
Coulter, 125 Geary street; A. E. Bucking
ham, 322 California; James G. Loggu, 4
California; C. J. Cheney, 536 Twenty
third; Adolphus S. liubbard, 1912 Pierce;
J. C. Pennie Jr., 3404 Clay; Josepli M.
Quay, 300 Post; Henry Payot, 902 Ellis;
Jules Orf, 716 Post; James W. Cud
worth, 2018 Union; Louis H. Bonestell,
512 Stockton.
Tiiese gentlemen are called on to appear
in Judge Slack's court to-morrow morn
ing to answer questions touching their
qualifications to serve on the Grand Jury.
•—• — ♦ — *
A BLUFF THAT FAILED.
Robert Long Hold to Answer Before
the Superior Court.
Robert Long, the ex-fruit dealer, who
played a bold game to get $300 from a sa
saloon - keeper, was yeterday held by
Judge Conlan to answer before the Supe
rior Court in $ 1000 bonds for obtaining
money by false pretenses.
On Saturday, December 12, Long went
into the Elite saloon, 611 Mission street,
representing himself as a Government de
tective. He surprised W. J. Carpxnill
the saloon-keeper, by telling him that
he had been passing counterfeit nick
els, and he demanded and got thir
teen nickels, all that were in the till.
Then he told Carpmill that, he would re
turn in a few hours and arrest him, but
$300 would square the case.
When Long returned J. W. Thompson,
Carpmilt's partner, was in the saloon, and
ne asked Long to produce his star. Long
said he did not carry one, and Thomson
denounced him as a swindler, and went
in search of a policeman. Lone ran out
of the saloon, but Carpmill chased and
overtook him and held him until Police
man Murphy arrived.
WHERE IS MULLER?
A Young Philadelphian Has Disap
peared From This City.
Chief Crowley some time ago received a
letter from a friend in Philadelphia re
questing him to, if possible, find out what
had become of Robert J. Muiler, who was
last heard from in this City.
Detective Ross Whittaker was detailed
on the case and after weeks of patient and
painstaking inquiry he has been unable to
find any trace of him.
He is 26 years of age, light complexion,
small face and wore spectacles. He left
Philadelphia for Heidelberg, Germany, to
study medicine. Then he intended to go
to Berlin, Hamburg, Riode Janeiro, Chile
and San Francisco. He wrote from here
in January last that he ban reached here
"with a broken heart, and empty purse. I
do not know from which place you will
hear from me a.am."
Mrs. Hearst'* Generosity.
The San Francisco Girls' Union, located at
929 Pine street, has received a check for $1000
from Mrs. Phcebe A. Hearst.
Ten Tears for a Pistol Fighter.
John Kelly was yesterday sentenced to ten
years in the state Frisoo. at San Quntin for as
saulting E. T. Cashin with a pistol. Kelly had
six prior convictions against him.
. NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. ' ' ; V '; .' M>
SPECIAL JACKET SALE! /
\OTLU 8 H L J n U IV L I w flL L ■ I
100 BLACK BOUCLE JACKETS,
£ WORTH SIO.OO EACH, "
I W To-Morrow, /hr f\(\
I : - <®te* : Saturday, Iv h 1 1 1 1
§m&& for---- ipuiUU
I IS&%'' Like Cut, All-Wool
Black Boucle, Silk
~ t^^^^^^^i faced - The. Latest
m^m^^^ Style and Best
'^^^P^PJ^x Make. All sizes. ■.
: '^' Mmv "■ FIVE DOLLARS. |
100 SILK MED CURLY ASTRACBAN CAPES,
T7ITORTB SIO.OO,
k To-Morrow, Ar Tin
A To-Morrow, (fl r (\(\
9-^y/km. Saturday, \H" 1 1 1 1
y'<fivyfy& •^dl.llrUcijr , L I
' S-rfrfPiP^ 1 To-morrow — Silk-
jijjWL. Lined Curly Astra-
dM ISillßfefc chan Cloth Capes,
■ j^^^^^^^^S^K like cut, trimmed
I"^^^^^^^^ Black genuine
Black Thibet Fur,
FIVE! T^r^T -T - A ~FE S,
We guarantee these to be absolutely $10 garments, but
To-morrow (Saturday) we ; will sell them for $5 each. Only
one to each customer. .: Sale. begins at 9A. M. 25 pieces will
be reserved for country orders. : First come, first served.
KELLY & LIEBES' Hsfc
CRAZY! CRAZY!
WHAT FOR? TO SELL GRO-
CERIES TO CASH BUYERS.
Butter. Choice Rolls 25c, square..... 27%
Eg?s 22% choice Uoz 25
Cheese, lunch. 50 lbs each, perib 9
Youdk American, 7 lbs 90
New Cream or swis-, perlb 16
Citron, Lemon or Orange Pael, per lo 15
Walnuts or Almonds, per lb 10
Plum I'udding, Atmore's. 1 lb. 'Jsc, 21bs.. 40
Cranberries, 40c: 'Z gal.ons 75
Currants, per M> 8
Mincemeat, condensed, 14,-oz. pkgs, doz... 80
Hams, K. C. ».. perlb 11
Bacon. 10; Ham 12
Corn, choice, doz 9 1 00
Peas, choice, doz. 1 00
Tomatot's, King .>.orsa Packing, doz 70
String Beans doz 85
Peaches, table, 2 Va ! 20
Apricots, table, 2V-2 1 10
Feaches, pie. gal. cans 2 50
Apricots, pie, gal. cans 2 50
Send Address for Price List.
REED'S CASH STORE,
126-128 CLAY STREET.
BRUIN WILL NOT
FEED THE HUNGRY
Fritz Bergin's Christmas
Bear Breaks Jail and
Escapes.
It Is Now Terrorizing Resi
dents Along the San
Brnno Road.
Mothers Watch Their Babies Whila
a Gunning Expedition Seeks
the Truant Grizzly.
One of the two bears that Fritz Bergin
should have killed Tuesday night escaped
yesterday afternoon from its prison at the
Bay City Packing House, San Bruno ave
nue, near Cortland, and has caused the
wildest terror in the locality.
The Black Hills, where the huee grlzxly
roams and roars at will, have seldom been
visited by a more formidable bear-hunting
expedition than now holds undisputed
sway over the district along San Bruno
avenue.
Men were hunting for the bear all ye«-i
terday afternoon and last nieht, bat mw
trace of it could be found. The searcrT
will be carried on, however, until it Is
found and duiy executed. In the mean
time anxious mothers watch their chil
dren at their play, fearing that the truant
bruin might at any moment appear on
the scene looking for some one he could
hug into a state of insensibility or claw to
death.
There were originally three bears, ana
Bergin and another man commenced the
work of killing them Tuesday night for
Christmas trade. The first bear was
lassoed, but it managed to gel Bergin's
left arm between its teeth and nearly
chewed it off. Bergin managed to Kill it'
but the slaughter of the otner two was
indefinitely postponed.
OFFICIAL REPORTERS.
Luke Cavanaugh Is to Succeed Emll
I'ohli— No Other Chances.
There will be but one change in the staff
of official stenographic reporters for the
Superior Court on account of the election
of two Superior Judges.
Joseph P. Stevens, who has been with
Judge Murphy for several years, will con
tinue to act as reporter for Judge Carroll
Cook's department.
Reporter Emil Fohli has opened an office
as an attorney, and will retire from office
with Judge Sanderson. For the position
of reporter in his department Judge Frank
H. Dunne has chosen Luke Cavanaugh.
These positions are highly prized be
cause ot the emoluments attached thereto.
It frequently happens that tbe reporters
make as much as tbe Judges in whose
courts they are employed.
One man makes a fortune to eight that
become bankrupt in England.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladfcs * ROOM
OF THE *>•'""*■'•"•»
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPJS> C.MIIi MIDNIGHT. ,
REMOVAL NOTICE. *
....,- ■ ■ t, .. ■ ' j ■- . . . : ?
PIERCE & CO., GENERAL WESTERN
X Agents National Cash . Register Co.. have re-
moved their office* from the Chronicle bid g. to
rooms 312 and '318. Parroit bids., opp. Baldwin
Hotel. ' Tel. aoulb 103. '
DR. JULIUS HAAS
HAS i BET URN ED FROM EUROPE i AND
resumed practice. 14 Grant avenue, room l'J.
Telephone No., Red 341. . 'IN BARDIC STRAIN IS TOLD THE STORY OF THE LAND OF GOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
-I am the patriarch of the pines.
The father of the wood;
Through winter storms and summer winds"*""
For centuries I have stood
Where meet the ocean and the bay
Which modem men call Monterey
i.ong, long ago when youth was mine.
Amid the rocks and sand.
1 grew a tall and lonely piae
Within a lonely land;
And watched, a single sentinel tree.
Beside an undiscovered sea.
; Then came a rude and savage race
Of simple, stolid men.
To make their brief abiding place
Beneath my shade, and .then
To wander without thought or care
Of wiser peoples otherwhere.
But lo ! one eve beside- the sun
A wide sail glistened white;
A loud and unaccustomed gun
Resounded through the night:
At mom Cabrillo's vessels lay
Within the broad arms of the bay
The fateful storm, the breakers' roar
Forbade the Spaniard's stay.
And warned him from the friendly shore I
But ere he bore away,
He swept its surf-encircled lines
And christened this "The Bay of Pines
Anon across the western sky
From Orient lands of sun.
And isles of spice, came creeping by
The freighted galleon:
And hovering fiercely on its wake
The pirate fleet of Francis Drake.
A new-born century saw the ships
Which bold Vizcaino bore.
Rise where the dim horizon dips.
Seeking this wooded shore;
And heard, amid my forest dim.
The Carmelite chant his solemn hymn.
The Spaniard went and solitude
Resumed her ancient reign
Over the ocean, bay and wood.
The waning power of Spain
Bade no bold captains to the west
To scourge its seas or break its rest
No shadow from the troubled world
Crossed my. horizon lines;
No State its bloody flag unfurled
Among my peaceful pines:
The savage grandsire mumbled o'er.
A dim tradition by the shore.
So crept the sleepy years along.
Until one bright May morn
Through the wide woodland went a song
On scented breezes borne:
It was the mission fathers, come-
To seek a settlement and home
They built their church beside the sand
And swung the mission bell.
Which answered back across the land.
From Carlos to Carmel:
To virgin vales they gave increase,
To savage souls they whispered peace.
But all too soon the evil strife
Of men from many climes
.Destroyed the peaceful mission life
And filled the land with crimes,
While stronger peoples watched the prize
Of these rich shores with lustful eyes.
One summer morn a stately ship
Sailed up the sunlit .-ay.
Flaunting a flag which did not dip
To other flag that day ;
But. high uplifted on the shore.
Proclaimed the old dominion o'er.
Beneath that banner's ample told
Gathered with swift increase
A restless race athirst for gold.
Yet skilled in arts of peace.
And strong to found, in laws secure.
An ordered State which should endure.
For gold they delve in mountain mines *
For god they sift the sand—
They make the valleys laugh in vines
And till the fertile land
To freight their ships for every shore.
Whose trade may swell their golden store.
But when, their weary spirits spent
In that mad race for wealth,
They sigh for peace and sweet content,
And seek for rest and health,
To my wide woods beside the bay
They come and dream their cares away
And wandering in my forest dim.
Or lingering by the shore
They seem to hear the solemn hymn
The fathers sung of yore
While echoes of a mission bell
=^Creep througjuhe pines from old Carmel. :zil[
1516
Mr*E was a simple cobbler, but ne was
4 content. Hii shop on a side street
, _J^ was narrow and low; in it he labored
away from morning until night, sewing,
pegging, cutting, mending the shoes of
the people of the vicinity. Seldom it was
that he received an order for a new pair;
that was looked upon as a Godsend, but
withal his cobbling brought him enough
to support himself and his family in a
humble way. All day long he cobbled and
sang; his cares were few and light; he had
a sufficiency of worK of its kind; tne pay
ments were small but sure, and when the
day closed he was accustomed to lay aside
, his work, take up bis lunch basket, lock
his shop door aud trudge home in a pleas
ant frame of mmd — for would he not be
met at the gate by two little pink and
white faces, two pairs of bright eyes, and
•would not two treble voices loudly pro
cJalra that papa was coming, and would
THE COBBLER'S HAPPY DREAM INTERRUPTED.
not a gentle, Bweet-faced little woman
meet him at the door witii a wiSely kiss?
Then with a keen appetite and untroubled
conscience he would sit down to the table
whereon steamed the plain but whoie
some food, with no fear of the effects of
indigestion.
He was sewing away one morning, and
as he labored he sang right merrily. A
form darkened the doorway, and as he
glanced up with a pleasant smile to ad
dress his caller and receive his little quota
of work, he started with surprise. Nearly
all of his customers were of the poorer
laboring cla^s. Few ■well-dressed people
found the way to the little shop of the
Bide street. But this visitor was fashion
ably dressed, with snowy linen, and the
little jewelry which adorned his person
appeared delicate but most valuable.
Cosmo, the cobbler, bade the caller good
morning and invited him to be seated on
the solitary guest chair — a leathern-bot
tomed affair, very rickety on its legs,
rendered safer by a few interwoven wires —
in a tone with a trifle less of its usual gra
ciousness caused by momentary surprise
and embarrassment.
But the visitor did not note it; he ac
cepted the seat, and gazing with a peculiar
expression into the young cobbler's face,
he remarked:
"You seem happy as you work, my
friend."
"Yes, I always feel happy at work, and
I sing because — well, I feel pleasant, and
it makes labor lighter to sing."
"You sing because you are content,
then?"
"Yes," replied the cobbler, looking into
the visitor's face, wondering if he had
come in merely to a.k such stupid ques
tions.
"Really it doe? me good to find one con
tent, and that with a humble lot."
The cobbler glanced apain at the face
opposite. It was the face of a man as yet
young, perhaps 35, a face wnereon care
and dissipation had marked heavy lines, a
face remarkable for noble, manly beauty
aud the innate stamp of good-breeding,
yet upon which a settled look of discon
tent seemed to rest — the face, in fact, of
one in ill accord with the world.
"Do you find contentment so rare,
then?"
The visitor turned his head and sighed
as though he would hide an unpleasant
truth. Then he turned without reply,
and removing an elegant boot he directed
tne cobbler to take his measure for a new
pair. The order was for the best of mate
rial, something Cosmo had never found
necessary to k-ep in stock, and whica
■would cost more to obtain than he was ac
customed to receive for the making. The
visitor seemed lo divine the thought of the
artisan, for he drew forth a purse and
taking out a lar^e piece of gold he laid it
upon the cobbler's knee.
"Here is a deposit, a suni in advance to
secure you."
COSMO & RICO
and
The Way of True Happiness
"But this is more than enor.gh to pay
forbotu material and the labor."
"Very well, you shall keep it then. You
need not hasten to make them."
And before Cosmo could recover from
his surprise or regain his breath to make
reply his visitor was gone. He arose and
stepped to the door, to see the stranger
enter a fashionable carriage standing not
far away to be driven rapidly away behind
a pair of prancing grays.
The next day Cosmo, the cobbler, was
sewing industriously. But as he worked
upon that day his usual merry song was
lacking. He was thinking, thinking oi
his handsome, fashionable customer,
wondering at his words. Then his
thoughts reverted to home, wife and
babies, to the unusual sum which he had
received the day before, to all the many
things it would buy, and again the merry
song arose to hi 3 lips.
As [his voice sounded out as though it
was a m;'.s:ic call to summon the genii, the
visitor of the preceding day stood before
him.
Cosmo was confused. He had purchased
the leather, the very best to be found, nut
he had not yet commenced work upon the
boots. The visitor evidently divined his
embarrassment, for te produced a pack
age containing an slegant pair of boots,
very little worn, which he directed to be
repaired. Then he sat down upon the
leathern-bottomed chair and In an easy
manner began to converse. Such was his
11 TAKE BACK THE GOLD. IT BROUGHT ME NO HAPPINESS."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
tact that he speedily put Cosmo at ease,
leading him on to talk of himself, of his
home, his family, his labors, his hopes.
At last he arose to go, as he glanced at
his watch.
"Really, I did not suppose I had been
here nearly two hours. The time has
seemed very short spent ia such pleasant
conversation."
"I am glad, sir, to hear that the conver
sation has been pleasant to you. It has
seemed very short to me, too."
"Then I shall come again, if it does not
discommode you, and we will resume the
subject. I am a sort of philosopher, a
student, and my search is to find true
contentment."
"You are always welcome, sir, if the
poor conversation of a lowiy cobbler can
interest a fine gentleman like yourself."
"You interest me more than you imag
ine. My name is Rioo. We shall be
friends, then, shall we not? And you
may invite me some day to dine with you
to meet your family, after which you and
your family shall come to dine with me."
"You honor us, sir, but I feel that our
little home, its poor furniture and our
plain food would not please you, sir. It
cannot be anything like the things to
which you have been accustomed."
"But it wouid please me, and the food
you are accustomed to eat, the table set in
the everyday manner in which it is when
you sit down, everything usual and cus
tomary, in fact, will please me most."
"Very well, s:r, we will be honored in
deed. You will come and dine with us?"
"With great pleasure. When?"
"To-morrow?"
"Why not this evening?"
"Well, my wife will not be prepared;
there will be only — all the better." And
the young man clapped his hands and
broke into a pleasant light laugh which
seemed to drive away some of the sad lines
about his eyes and mouth.
"It is agreed, is it not? and to-morrow
you shall dine "svich me."
At the appointed hour Rico appeared in
the shop door with a smile. Cosmo noted
that he came without his carriage and
they trudged along togetner until they
arrived at a little vine-covered white cot
tage near the outskirts of the town. The
two babes with flaxen, curly locks cried
out, "Papa is coming, papa is coming";
but their joy merged into awe as they
noted the handsome, well-dressed stranger
who accompanied him.
The sweet- faced young wife, with her
3unny, plainly parted bair, in her simple,
neat attire, was not embarrassed at all as
tier husband awkwardly presented the ele
gant Rico to her.
The dinner was ready and in the space
of a few minutes, during which Cosmo
was engaged in making his toilet, was
placed upon the table. • Mrs. Cosmo pre
sided with grace and sweetness over the
plain but very savory repast.
"Really, a jewel of a wife," thought
Rico. "1 knew this pleasant young cob
bler, poor artisan as he is, could not have
a vulgar wife."
The meal finished, the family, with
Rico, repaired to the little front room, fur
nished economically plain, but most neat
and ta»ty. And now all had seemed to
forget the elesrfence of their visitor and to
treat him like an old acquaintance. The
children came to his knee with lessening
timidity, as he drew from mysterious
depths beautifully tinted cards and pretty
trinkets, which gave them great delight.
Throughout the whole of the following
day Cosmos voice was not raised in song.
His thoughts were upon his elegant new
acquaintance, the aristocratic Rico.
Cosmo entertained a suspicion that Rico
was not happy. He could not see why he
should not be. New thoughts came to
him — how fine It would be to be wealthy;
to be able to ride about in a fine carriage;
to dress in such elegant clothing; to wear
such dainty boots; not to be obliged to
work constantly; to have bands as soft
and white as those of Rico. For the first
time the cobbler felt dissatisfied with his
lot; the work seemed tedious, the day
seemed endless, and in place of his usual
snatches of merry song he heaved deep
sighs. But his unpleasant, disturbed
thoughts were at last arrested by the sound
of wheels before his door, and, looking
up, he saw Rico seated in a resplendent
coune drawn by a pair of shining black
horses. Rico alighted, greeted Cosmo
most graciously, and as soon as the iiitle
shop was closed showed him to the coupe,
gave a few words of instruction to the
coachman and also stepped in. Never in
all of his poor life had Cosmo been able
or permitted to indulge in such iuxury.
The coupe was drawn right merrily over
the pavement by the lithe, shining blacks.
Cosmo tried to be light and pleasant to
his host, but a strange heaviness was
upon him.
Soon they arrived before the door of
the vine-wreathed cottage, from which
emerged Mrs. Cosmo, neatly dressed,
looking sweet and pretty, with the two
little ones. Then, as soon as Cosmo had
made his toilet and change, all entered
the coupe and were driven rapidly away.
From street to street thi-y passed,
through the finest business portion,
whirled along into the quarter of the city i
occupied by the homes of the wealthy
and aristrocratic, at last to enter the j
portal of beautiful grounds, where lon^ i
sweeps of green lawn, rows of rare trees
and hedges of bright flowers led up to a
mansion of brownstone, the like of which
Cosmo had seen, but in a vague way had
classed as something of another world,
far, far beyond his element. In fact, he
had never thought much upon the mag
nificence of those homes, and had never
sighed to enter them. But now he was
about to enter one of the finest, something
he had never imagined in his wildest
dreams.
The coupe halted beueath a magnificent
arcade, and alighting, Rico ushered his
guests into the house, ttfrough rooms fur
nished in a style and richness the simple
visitors had never bsfore gazed upon.
They entered a large room, even more
sumptuously furnished than the halls
through which they had just passed. Im
mense lights of speckless glass gave a
view of the beautiful grounds and playing
fountains.
The host by rare tact and grace, with
Dleasant and deferential familiarity, placed
his guests at ease. Apparently he was as
entirely unconscious of his rich surround
ings as he had teen of the poverty in the
home of his guests. Without words to
that effect, he conveyed to their minds
that surroundings, whether of wealth or
of poverty, counted for nothing — that in
the interchange of kindly sentiments of
kindred spirits, alone was to be found
pleasure.
A servant soon announced that dinner
was served, and all repaired to the dining
room with it 3 glistening waxed floor, its
huge carved sideboard laden with cut glass
and china, the table resplendent with
snowy linen, flowers and delicate fruits.
A stately butler brought in the courses
anticipating every need of the adults,
while a maid waited upon the children.
Rubo Cosmo gazed about in soulful ad
miration as he heaved a low sigh.
"Ah, sir, how happy you must be to
live in such a heavenly place, with all
these comforts and luxuries."
''My friend," said Rico, as the old look
of care and trouble that Cosmo had noted
at their first meeting again darkened his
face, which throughout the conversation
had been lighted up with pleasure and
amiability, "happiness does not always
accompany rich trappings. In visiting
your pretty, vine-covered home, in the
pleasure of meeting yonr sweet little
family, in noting your merry song, which
first attracted me to you, and in observing
your contentment and good health, I have
thought, 'Oh, how much happier is he
than I; how gladly I would exchange.' "
"Do you not think, sir," questioned
Luta, as a look of womanly sympathy
beamed from her large blue eyes, "that
happiness consists in lovine our neigh
bors and in doing good, whether one is
born to poverty and labor or to wealth
and luxury?"
"Ah, dear madam, you have clearly
solved the problem of happiness which I
have sought so long, and of which I have
only just now found the key, but which
as yet I fear I may not quite understand
how best to use."
The call was at last ended and the party
again descended to the carriage. The
host re-entered to appear again in a few
minutes bearing a small, stout sack, and
close behind him followed the stately but
ler bearing another, both evidently heavy,
and which were deposited in the carriage.
In front ot the little vine-covered white
cottage Rico alighted, took up one of the
sacks, requesting Cosmo to bear in the
other, and as he laid the burden upon the
table, remarked:
"My dear friends, accept this from one
who is seeking to make others and him
self happy. Use it as your own, and in its
enjoyment and the good it may bring
may the happiness and contentment you
now know never depart from your home."
And before Rubo or Luta could recover
from their surprise Rico had disappeared
through the ddoorr r entered the coupe and
was being rapidly borne away by the
shining blacks.
Cosmo became a shoe merchant. Ac
cepting the little fortune which Rico had
so generously presented him, under the
condition that it was to be repaid in time,
with the assistance of his kind benefactor
he obtained a store in a most desirable lo
cality, purchased a stock and made an
opening.
From the start fortune seem to smile
upon him. His business increased from
day to day and larger quarters were ob
tained. Still his business gradually in
creased. From one the number of his em
ployes increased to more than a score.
From morning until night, yea, often well
into the night, Cosmo was not engaged in
straightening out prepiexing figures,
thinking how best to superintend his nu
merous employes, purchasing goods, pay-
Ing demands. Oltea sleep would fail to
bring rest from his labor or oblivion from
his cares. His merry song was never
heard more. He lost his former appetite,
dyspepsia seized upon him. He became
cross, irritable. He was no longer con
stantly tender and loving to his wife, the
children annoyed him.
One evening be came home tired, de
jected, cross and unable to eat Luta burst
into tears, tears of hnhappiness, of scald
ing bitterness.
"Ah, Rubo. I would we had never seen
the money of Rico. When we lived in the
little white cottage, when you worked at
your bench, we were happy. You were
accustomed te return at even with a song,
a kiss for the children and me; you were
well and content and we had plenty. Now,
in the midst of all this luxury, with richer
food and prosperity, you are no longer
happy and seem to have ceased to love
your wife and children."
Ah, yes, it was true. The fond dreams
which Cosmo had entertained of being
COSMO BECOMES THE GUEST OF THE MILLIONAIRE.
SINGING BIRDS AND MUSHROOM PROPHETS
Listen! the choir is singing; all the birds
In leafy galleries.
This ie the season when the meadow
lark, leaving fence and jield, perches in
the tall trees and sines his cheery song in
the golden December sunshine. The
meadow lark is the only bird who sings
to na the year 'round here in Central
California. Perhaps this is the reason
•why we have exempted him from protec
tion from the pot-hunter. It is an offense
against the law to slay a screaming, free
booting jay; even the saucy, shiny-bacKed
blackbird is protected, for a season; but
the ignorant and stubborn opposition of
one legislator is responsible fcr the num
ber of meadow larks that, a few weeks
hence, will rind their way to the poulter
er's stand, and, later, to the tables of our
foreign restaurants.
And yet we dare to pose as lovers of
beauty and art; we do not see the scream
ing absurdity of all our talk about being a
music-loving people. We subsidize con
certs! Ah, yes, so we do! And every
great singer who- comes to tne coast is
received gladly ! Yes; but we cook ana
eat the only songbird that is distinctivoly
an-i lovingly onr own !
But we are not eating the larks just yet.
Their turn will come when the close
season for game birds begin. In the
meantime they are making the fields and
forests tuneful with their merry notes.
There is one yellow- breasted fellow just
above my head as I lie here on the grass
with the mellow sunlight sifting down
upon me througn the waving trees. Who
says it is winter? Ah, well, I suppose
the calendar-maters know their business,
and we must concede something of wis
dom to them, but my lark and I are wise,
too, and we know that it is well with us
out here in this "leaiy well," these De
cember days that are rarer than days in
June, There is a Sabbath feeling in the
still noonday air. Away out yonder, over
the bay, hangs a beavv white mist, and
the Bun*3 rays slant through it in long,
shining bars, a sign that it is going to
rain one of these days. I found another
portent of rain a few moments ago, a wel
come one, which I made haste to gather,
for a big, plump, crisp, white mushroom"
is a treasure not to be passed by when it
effers itself at one's very feet Good
barometers are thesemeadow mushrooms;
their appearance is always prophetic of
rain. The little children are wise in call
ing them the fairies' umbrellas. They al
ways spring up just when the fairies are
likely to need them.
"Spring up," did 1 say? Tbere i<? noth
ing instantaneous about the growth of the
mushroom: nothing that justifies our fool
ish habit of calling all that ia ups:artish,
parvenue or premature "a mu&hrooni
growth.." The beauty of a mushroom is
rich, of possessing a home as heavenly
beautiful as that of- Rico, now seemed to
lose their charm. It was true he had been
a better and a kinder man in poverty. It
had been such a pleasure to return home
at ni-ht to play with his babies who had
watchel for his coming; he never played
with them now and they avoided him— he
had hecome so cross.
The more Cosmo thought upon it tbe
less did his ambitious dreams seem gold
en. His was a temperament naturally
light and joyful, lacking in the inherent
ambitions which render so many unhappy.
His days of prosperity had come, but with
them he had lost a portion of excellent
health, silenced was tne joyous song which
had made his humble labor so light, and
the home happiness which bad once
seemed so sweet had seemed to slip away.
No, the prize was not worth the pain. So
he determined to close out the business
and return to his old position in life. He
sold everything and seeking Rico, said :
that it is such a thorough-going aristocrat
that it will riot make its appearance untii
it is quite ready— until its toilet is com
plete. For it there is no hasty pulling on
of gloves As it rushes to catch a car. It
attends to all these details in its under
ground dressing-room. It does its growing
underground, and when the fu.lness of
time is come it pushes up through the
earth and doffs its bonnet to the world — a
complete mushroom.
Any one who will take notice of that
phrase, "doffs its bonnet," need never
mistake a toadstool for a mushroom. The
young mushroom grows in a delicate en
velope that completely covers it. As it
reaches maturity on its appearance above
ground this envelope bursts. It leaves a
little membranous ring about the stem
wnere it was attached, and fragments of
it can usually be seen adhering to the top
(technically called the cap) of the mush
room. This ring and the remnant ot the
envelope are never found on the toadstool.
At:ain, the stem of the true mushroom
is never hollow. It is sometimes solid and
sometimes pithy, but if it is hollow you
are safe in rejecting it.
As a matter of fact, there are, to the ex
perienced eye, so few points of real re
semblance between a mushroom and a
toadstool that one wonders how a mistake
can be made. There is one identification
mark of the mushroom for which I al-
ways look, and upon the presence or ab
sence of which my decision is always
based. This is the appearance of the
gills about the stem. Under the thick,
fleshy cap of the mushroom are, as ail
know, numerous pendant, radiating gills.
These also appear in the toadstool, but in
the latter they join directly upon the
stem, while the gills of the mushroom are
always separate from the stem. Usually,
Indeed, there is a distinct and well
mart ed groove between ihe stem and the
ends of the gills. There is a poisonous
mushroom with this characteristic which
greatly resembles the meadow mushroom,
but its gills are a beautiful rose color,
while those of the edible mushroom are
at first wnite, then pale pinn and finally
brown.
The cap of the true mushroom ia thick,
firm and fleshy. The outer skin peels
from it easily and the flesh does not turn
dark when broken. There is a very com
mon little mushroom growing in these
parts that I have seen sometimes on the
dealers' stands, but it is not a true mush
room and should be rejected. It is small,
with a thin cap and black gills. The
stem is rather long, not much larger
round than a dandelion stem, hollow, and
has not the ring that circles the plump
stem of the edible mushroom. Its gills
touch the stem. Another that dealers
sometimes sell is about toe size of the true
"Sir, I have brought back yOUry oU r eolrl
Take it back, I pray of ycu . It fc °*
brought me discontent and ill health
worriment and cares. I have so ; d' '
business, and after paying you tne
there remain as many thousands « s Xm
have generously lent me. But I shall n\f
use that little fortune in ways to make uJ
all unhappy and shorten our days I
have placed it in a bank vault to Ward
against rainy days as a competence when
trouble or age may come upon u< T)
day I return to the little old shop of the
side street where first I met .
friend, and to the dear l lu tei c vine-covered
white cottage where we were once so poor
and so content. If you seek truo happi
ness you shall always find it there "
Rico took the hand of his noble fri6nd
and tears stood in his eyes, but the old
time lines of care and discontent no lon»er
marred that noble face. Each in his own
way had found the source of true hapni
ness.
mushroom, but its pills are mottled, touch ,
the stem, and the whole plant has a moist, 1
clammy feeling. The true mushroom is J
never watery.
Thus much for warning against the
mushroom of commerce. The mushroom
on its native heath is still more easily
recognized.
To begin with, that heath is never a
bog. Mushrooms do not take kindly to
wet, marshy or sodden places. They grow
best in open pastures, where the grass ia
kept short by browsing cattle. You need
never loot for mushrooms about the roots
of trees, and, in particular, they never
grow upon decayed stumps.
The true mushroom is larger here in
California than we find it in the East, and
I have seen some that are fully six inches
in diameter, but they are not usually
more than four or sometimes five incnes
across. They grow in the open, where
horses and cattle have been pastured, and
among the short grass. They have short,
solid stems, with rounded root ends that
are easily lilted from the earth. Their
flesh is hard and firm and hits a ires.i,
wholesome, pleasant odor.
Many of the cases of "poisoning" that
are attributed to eating toadstools in
mistake for mushrooms are really tbe re
sult of eating mushrooms that had grown
stale and unfit for food. The ill-effects in
these cases are simitar to those arising
from eating stale vegetables or meat, and
should be treated similarly.
The action of the true poisonous fungi,
such as toadstools and the inedible mush
room?, is narcotic. The victim of careless
ness should be keDt moving, should drink
strong black coffee and take large do^es of
olive oil. This allays the irritant action
ot the poison in the digestive tract, and
usually acts as an emetic. It is well, how
ever, if a non-irritant emetic is obtainable,
to administer it, and medical assistance
should at once be called in.
Besides the mushroom we have here in
California several "varieties of the puff ball,
some of which are wholesome . and deli
cious. Ido not Know that any* of them
are poisonous, and some of i. the very large
specimens, with their big, .round heads
and pleasant odor, are certainly very in
viting. They should only be gathered,
however, .when "firm and white, and should^
not be kept long before cooking. A
. To recapitulate :He who would be on thel
safe side should avoid all fungi not fou?.
growing in the open; should see to it thai
the stem of each mushroom he gathers is
solid arid the; cap thick and fleshy; that
the gills are separate from the stem, and
that the latter is ringed. The bright rose
colored gills of the poisonous mushroom
are different from the pale pink of the
edible fungus, and the ring of the former
Js less clearly defined. ■ Adsliss KmasxP^ERHAFS the most remarkable
■S Christmas in th 3 history of Califor
. 'S nia was the one kept with revel at
Captain Sutler's settlement of New Hel
vetia in 1847, nearly half a century apo.
The great California Baron was in high
spirit!*, as might have been expected.
Things had come about as he had antici
pated. The country had passed into
American hands, and for a long time he
had been a better American than Swiss,
German or Frenchman. He was as un
disputably monarch of all he surveyed as
Robinson Crusoe on his island. He had
an estate larger than a German princi
pality or an English sbire. It was peo
pled by several hundred Indians, who i
were as absolutely his slaves as the negro |
fieklhands of Alabama were the slaves of
the planters. To conduct his various en
terprises he had several score of white
men— Americans, Germans, Englishmen,
Frenchmen, Spaniards — over whom bis
authority was absolute. His cattle were
past counting. Time had been when the j
natives had s.olen a few head here and I
there, but he had a way of punishing
thieves which prevented a repetition of
the offense.
His fort had been completed in 1845. It
was a quadrangular stockade, fifteen feet
high and 500 feet long by 150 feet wide.
To an assailant without artillery it was i
impregnable. On two of the corners rose I
stout blockhouses which mounted a can
non each; other pieces of artillery were j
placed en barbette on tbe top cf the wall j
so as to command the approach Irom the
river. Within the quadrangle adobe I
houses furnished shelter for 500 raen. j
There was a storehouse full of supplies,
furs and ammunition, likewise a dwelline
house in which Sutter had lived before he
built his rancheria on the Feather and
where he still kept his office.
THE MARINE EDITOR'S WOEFUL SUBURBAN EXPERIENCES
50ULS SAYS MD. FULDERBACK
J™»iILDERBACK. says that he is going Every cow wears a bell, and every owner
|£li£ to gj.end his next Christmas in in the district has selected a bell of a dif-
JL^Jj the City if he has to sell his ftrent tone and key, perhaps to be able
lburban home for $4, and the frown to distinguish his or her cow from the
of determination on Bilderback's face other kine of tbe district,
shows that he means every word of it. So Bilderback's nights are filled with
He declares that Christmas signifies peace wild, barbaric music that soothes not his
ana good will to men and other things to savage breast, but give him a f ramie desire
which he has been a stranger since be to annihilate the entire bovine family, ex
moved into a suburb. It is this way. cept of course the Bilderback cow.
Bilderback is the marine editor of one The long, lone, starry hours told noth
of the big dailies and is as mild a man- me but cow to him, and he has come to
nered man as ever penned a roast on a know the tone of every bell and the man
sailor-beating skipper. He loves peace and ncr in which they ring so thoroughly that
Beclusion and so when Mrs. Bilderback the voices of the night are not an uuintel
oroposed'buying a home across the bay he Hgible jargon to him. but are full of mean
was agreeable, though he knew that he ing and be understands them. They tell
would have to spend half his life on the him the habits and occupations of the
ferries and trains and write his copy with cows, Mid he loves them not.
one c"c on the clock for fear of missing Bilderback is an extremely nervous
the boat. man, and it makes it much easier for him
Still Bilderback loves peace and quiet. than to lie in Ded and conjecture what is
It is a rural neighborhood where Bilder- going on.
back lives, and all of his neighbors keep As the matter stands, when he has put
cows. In fact, as the story w'.il show, he ihe cat out, looked to the fastenings of
ia addicted to tfcat evil himself. | the windows and crawled into bed the
His fort was the first resting place which
Eastern immigrants struck after crossing
the mountains. Here they found food
and shelter. Sutter turned no man away
on the petty pretense that he was penni
less. Careless of paying his own debts,
he was indulgent to his debtor?. Nor did
he too closely scrutinize the reasons
which immigrants gave for moving to
California. His broad, generous soul for
gave everything but horsestealing.
When his family joined him — he had a
wife, daughter and two sons, all of whom
have passed away — he built him a ranche
ria on the Feather River, which he
called Rancheria de Hoch, and in which
he spent most of his time. The building
consisted of three or four gables, whose
ends fronted the river. Here he sat on
his balcony, watched his men catch sal
mon in the sparkling waters of the
Feather and speculated on what would
become of his baronial estate when he
was gone. He had tasted adversity, he
had courted danger; was the present
halcyon era of prosperity end eminence
going to last? Thoughts passed through
that far-reaching mind which he told no
man. In the dim vista of the future he
discerned many things. The one thing
which he did not clearly foresee was that
he would die in poverty in Pennsylvania
without an acre of land Thick he cuuid
call his own, or a dollar except what he
derived from the grudging charity of the
Legislature of California.
On the Christmas day of 1847 he resolved
that he and his should be merry. His
man James W. Marshall had selected a
site for a sawmill in a valley which the
Indians called Culuma, which meant in
tlieir tongue "pleasint valley." It was in
the heart of a forest of big trees. When
their trunks were sawn into boards he
could substitute frame houses for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAF, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
adobes in which his people lived. His
orchards and his vineyards were thriving;
his herds had multiplied amazingly ; he
had horses which could cover the dis
tance to Sonoma in a day and tbe distance
to the Bay i.i a day and a half. People
were growing to understand him, and the
better they knew him the more they liked
him. Even Vallejo. who had once called
him a pestilent intruder, bad been won
over by his kindness at the time the Lord
of Sonoma was imprisoned by the Bear
flag insurgents and was his good friend.
He resolved that his retainers should
keep Christmas royally. A feast should
De given within the fort, which they would
remember to the end of their days. The
fattest cattle in his herd were slaughtered
and the flesh cleaned from the ribs to
make frazadas. The Indians cared little
for meat or pork; their chief delicacy was
fried jackass meat, and the captain sacri
rificed several burros to gratify them,
though a donkey was worth four times as
much as a horse. There were heca
tombs of frijoles and tortillas, and
salmon was served in many shapes,
boiled, baked and fried. From the store
room fruits of all kinds, the products of
the New Helvetia orchards, were taken
with a lavish hand and set down on the
long board table. Barrels of wine were
set out and their contents drawn off in
pannikins and pitchers. When Sutter
founded this fort he found tbe valleys
covered with the wild grape, from which
he made a wine which was agreeable to
the taste of trappers, hunters and Indians.
This was supplied in profusion, and in
deference to the occasion the Baron pre
tended not to notice the ravages the fluid
wrought on the wits and muscles of his
guests. To his European proteges he
served aguardiente in bottles. The ban
quet began at noon; before the Christmas
first sweet moments of slumber are
broken by a solemn, resonant:
"Ka-lum, ka-lum, ka-luni" from up the
road.
Then Bilderback knows that the widow
Middlent's swayback muley-cow is going
down the line looking for open front
gates. His knowledge is confirmed by a
doleful "Ka-lum-per-lum" that occurs at
regular intervals as ?he pauses at each
gate to try it with her head.
Her experience has told her that appear
ances are deceptive and that a boy can
shut a front gate so carefully and in such
a manner as to thoroughly deceive his
father and yet leave the catch unfastened.
When she has either reached a successful
end of her quest or has passed out of ear
shot BiiderDack is called out of his second
nap by something that sounds like this:
"To-link. to-lank, lank, lankle, bang,
linkle-ankle, swat, lankle-inkle, telinkle
linkalink, bang, crash, link, lank, bang."
As plainly as though it were before his
very eyes he knows that Mr. Smith's
frisky young brindle has made its way into
the Spudkins' garden and that young
Spudkins has pranced out of his warm
bed and, clad in a pair of carpet slippers
and abbreviated raiment, is sailing around
after her, throwing bricks and other mov
ables at every jump.
By sitting up in bed Bilderback can
hear the thud, smash, bang of the mis
siles as they miss the cow and strike the
house, and the quality and quantity of the
sounds tell him whether it was a brick,
board or clod.
Sections of Mr. Spudkins' remarks are
also borne on the breeze if it is fair, and
r.i' Jerback hugs himself with the joy of
a man who has a companion in misery as
he hears a mixture of bad grammatical
construction, wicked wishes and epithets
rush from the lips of the unfortunate in
surance clerk.
At last there is a final crash and jangle
as brindie bulges through the fence and
tears madly down the street. The last of
that episode comes to Bilderback in the
form of an injunction from Mr. Spudkins
to the cow to go to a place not aown on
the maps.
"Drat the cow; may be I can get a little
sleep now," says Bilderback, but he counts
without the sepulchral —
"Klanl:, klank, kiank-iank," that a mo
ment later strikes his ear.
It is like the chains on the old-fashioned
ghost of a murdered man, and he knows
that Leatherhead's duck-legged brown
cow has started on her nightly foray and
is headed for tbe garbage pile down the
street, ready and willing to fight any
thing that gives milk.
He listens to her "klank, klank. klank"
until there is a pause and then a terrific
medley of all the cowbells on the street,
which tells him that the skirmishers have
withdrawn within the lines and the action
has become general.
"Thank the Lord," devoutly ejaculates
Bilderback, as a portion of the cavalcade
sweeps by the house, escorted by an as
sortment of mongrel dogs, "I have sense
Christmas at Fort Sutter
sunset the interior of the fort was strewed
with inert revelers, who lay where they
.originally fell.
The Baron entertained his personal
friends at hi 3 Rancheria de Hocb. To
that hospitable resort the neighbors had
been invited from far and wide. Guests
had come from such distant points as San
Francisco and Sonoma. From the ranch
eros along the river whole families had
ridden, the ladies in saddle, their courtiers
sittine behind to hold them straight on
their horses. An army of Indian hostlers
took charge of their beasts when the
riders dismounted. For those who ar
rived early and who wished to stimulate
an appetite for dinner lunches had been
provided on the river; the young men
fished and shot ducks and geese; while
for the ladies Sutter's new sternwheel
steamer offered a new and exciting form
of promenade.
Dinner was at five. Sutter had lived in
Geneva and Paris, and knew what a good
dinner should be. He had one or two
cooks whom he had trained on sound gas
tronomical principles. They made him a
scup of many ingredients; it could not
have been surpassed in New York. Be
sides the salmon which he caught at his
own door, the fish we now call the Sacra
mento perch, the brook trout, and the
barracuda from the coast, were served
with suitable sauces. After these came
several entrees— pozoles or pig's feet, and
peppers, frijoles of tbe delicate parts of the
beef, with chile and tomatoes, an olla
podrida, containing all manner of meats
and vegetables stewed together and va
rious fricassees of chicken and turkey.
The roli was veal, though a tender sirloin
occupied one corner of tbe board; and the
dinner closed with an assortment of
feathered game — quail, grouse, ducks,
geese and pigeons — fit to bring the
enough to keep our cow shut up in the
yard."
The words are hardly out of his mouth
when there is a terrific uproar from the
r«ar of the Bilderback domicile. The
tearing of wire netting and the bellowing
of an enraged and frightened cow, mingled
with the barks of a dog and the cracking
of fractured wood.
Biiderback know 3in an instant that
Suke has suddenly decided to join in the
festivities in the street and that she has
stuck her horns through the trail wire
fence and is hopelessly entangled and
getting more so every instant He springs
into a pair of slippers and an overcoat
nothing elsa— and dives madly out of the
back door to the rescue of his pet. Of
course he find* things just as he expected
and tries to calm the cow by an address of
this kind:
"Soo, bos! soo, bos! Good Sukie! Keep
still, now, you ugly brute! Soo, bos! Oh
I'll sell you to the butcher to-morrow !
Soo, bos!"
Sukie still tries to free herself by frantic
shakings of the head, and when Bilder
back places his hand on her flank to soothe
her she promptly plants a sturdy hind
foot in tbe region of his stomach and he
sits down suddenly and hard.
Filled with rage at this evidence of in
gratitude he seizes the first available
weapon of offense — a spade handle — and
belabors the angry cow until she kicks a
patch of skin off his right hip as big as a
pie-plate and so disconcerts his aim th.it
a blow already on the way to her back falls
on Pido Instead and the dog's howls are
added to the din. Just about as the
neighbors are figuring on having the
owner arrested in tbe morning for dis
turbing the peace, wicked language and
cruelty to animals Sukie shakes herself
loose and takes refuge in the cow-barn.
After tripping twice over the prostrate
fence and barking his bare shins on each
occasion Bilderback falls exhausted into
bed at 2 A. m.
Before tired nature finally asserts itself
be hears the "tinkle-tankle" of the
little red cow that seems to be going no
where in particular, the "tringle-de-ding,
ding-ding" of the crumpled horn stretch
ing her neck far over the front fence to
crop the succulent tops of his favorite
flowers and the "moo-o-00-ah" of the
black cow that lost the clapper of her
bell and has ever since kept up an inter
mittent bellowing to supply the loss.
When Bilderback sleeps at last he dreams
that he has nineteen cows, and that each
one carries a chime of bells that strike not
only the hours, but the halves and quar
ters and the days of the week and
month.
And as are his nights so are his days.
Last Christmas morning Bilderback
arose with the larks so that he could have
a full day's enjoyment, and after break
fast and the reading of the paper he saun
tered out to look at the weather. He was
just in time to see Suke going out the front
gate which Master Bilderback had conve
niently left open. She had just about set
water to the mouth of a gourmand.
In his own house he did not drink the
wine made from the native grape; he had
planted the mission grape and had a cel
lar full of the wine; nor was champagne
wanting, brought up the river from San
Francisco.
The guests were all in full dress; the
men in silk jackets, embroidered waist
coats, velveteen breeches with gilt iacines
and open below the knee and a sash
round the waist; the ladies in bare arms,
without corsets, in silk or crape gowns,
sashes of bright colors, satin shoes and
scarlet or flash-colored stockings. Both
sexes wore jewelry; jewels flashed from
the ears and necks of the pretty girls.
After the feast was over and the wines
drunk, the party adjourned to the long
room which Captain Suiter had built ex
pressly for balls and assemblies. There
had been some impromptu dancing on the
grass in true California fashion, but at the
close of December the days are short and
as night falls the air is nipping; tbe cap
tain's guests were not sorry to take refuge
indoors.
A guitar and a violin were tuned, and
the piano, which Sutter had imported
from France, soon began to give voice.
The fun^ommented as usual with a jota,
in which every lady in turn was taken
out by the master of ceremonies and
danced a few steps, singing at the same
time a little verse which sbe was sup
posed to improvise. Then followed the
bamba, the zorrita, the fnndanso, the
jarabe, and tho ball wound up with the
contra danza. Dancing was kept up till
the tops of the sierra began to be tipped
with cold, and tbe senoras and senoritas
and their cavaliers reluctantly retired to
the rooms provided for them.
The Baron had left the ballroom when
the festivities were at their height and
tied in her mind which way she would go
when Bilderback by a quick move got
in front of her, and raising bis arms
and pumping them up and down said
quietly, "Shoo, Suke; shoo, 1 say, shoo!"
Suke took a fresh hold on her cud and
gazing at Bilderback with astonishment
in her eye began backing away and man
neuvering to turn his flank.
Bilderback was not aware of the remark
able fact that a cow like a pig always
wants to go in any direction save the one
you desire, so he took Suke's movements
as indicating that he had her going and
accelerated the movements of his
arms.
Suke evidently took this as a. declaration
of war. for she bolted straight at Bilder
back, to the great amusement of a crowd
of neighbors and their offspring on the
way to church.
Biiderback could not stand tbe on
slaught, and scuttled across the street in
the midst of a whirlwind of dust and a
chorus of delighted yells from the spec
tators.
The way being clear, Suke bolted at her
best gait just as the lover of peace and
seclusion decided to renew th 9 chase.
Bilderback's blood was up by this time,
and he determined to head off that cow if
it was within the power of man. Spurred
by derisive shouts of the children, he bent
his head and picked up his flying feet.
They got a pretty even start, Mr. Biluer
back and the cow, though not by mutual
consent, and as they swept up the street
about abreast they could glare defiance
had closeted himself with two or three
friends in an inner chamber. They
smoked, and over goblets of aguardiente
punch they discussed the inexhaustible
topic of the day — the American occu
pation and its consequences. With the
exception of Vallejo and another, the
Hispano-Maxicans were sure that the ad
vent of the gringo meant ruin. Sutter
was not so sure of that. He observed
that what the Californians lacked was
energy and push and get-up-and-get;
those were just the qualities in which the
Americanos excelled. It seemed to him
just possible that these gringos who
were flowing across the mountains ana
coming to him to feed them on their way
might develop the resources which lay
dormant in California ana which he had
not yet had time to exploit. He had
demonstrated that California could grow
more and better fruits and cereals than
any other part of the world which he had
visited. The Mexicans had never taken
the pains to cultivate them industri
ously, might not the Americanos do
better?
Vallejo, who was the most farsighted
man of his race on that day, and whose
tongue had been loosed by generous
bumpers of mission wine, said that in his
opinion they mielit and probably would.
"There is another matter to be consid
ered," observed the host. And drawing
from his pocket a small object which ap
peared to ue metallic, and which shone in
the lamplight, he asked if they knew what
that was. They turned it over in their
fingers, examined it, and returned it in
silence.
"That," said Sutter, "is gold. It is not
from San Fernando, the place where our
good friend, Governor Alvarado, got the
gold to make the ring he wears. It is
from a spot which has never been sus
into each other's eyes, while they spurned
the dust with nimble feet.
Bilderback ran until his eyes seemed
ready to burst out of bis head and he felt
as though he was all legs. The perspira
tion started from every pore; but, strain
and pant as he might, he couldn't gain an
inch on that shambling, awkward cow,
that ran sprawling and kicking Oy his
side, filling the crisp December air with
a jangling of bells that seemed to split
Bilderback's ear drums and gave him a
mad desire to assassinate her on the spot.
People stopped and cheered the caval
rade as it swept past, and ladies leaned
out of their windows and expressed their
sympathy for "poor Mr. Bilderback."
Once Bilderback stumbled over a cross
ing and had to take strides thirteen feet
long for the next block to keep from fall
ing. He was sure the exertion had split
him clear to tlw chin and that he would
have to button his trousers around his
neck for tho rest of his life, but he
wouldn't give in to a cow if he died for it.
At last, when the cow turned down a side
street and Bilderback, in trying to make
a short cut acros3 the sidewalk, crashed
half-way through a tree-box, he then and
there allowed his temper to be ruffled by
trifles.
By the time he reached the nearest rock
pile the cow was eight blocks away, and
Bilderback threw his shoulder nearly out
of joint and sprained his wrist in a hercu
lean effort to reach her with a stone as big
as his hat.
And yet Bilderback leves seclusion and
AW OK.HOVV TMAT ~<^>rY CpULO*~SBJSUh*T
pected of containing gold. It was picked
up not ten miles from here, in the gravel
of a stream which had run dry in the
heats of summer. No w, in the country
where I was brought up, in Switzerland,
gold is found in the sands of Alpine
streams, but in such small quantities that
it does not pay to hunt for it. Suppose it
should be more abundant in the streams
of California. 1 have read that in North
ern Africa, 2000 years ago, the natives
used to gather gold out of their streams
and exchange the dust with the Cartha
ginians for goods. Sunpose sucli rich
streams should be found here. Would
not the find ba followed by a rush of
people who would neglect the profits of
horticulture and agriculture?"
Vallejo laughed heartily at the idea of
California becoming a lan J of gold and
offered to wager with his host that he
would carry off in his scrape all the
gold that would ever be found in the
province.
Sutter did not join in the laugh nor take
the wager.
"I am puzzled," said he. "I do not pre
tend to be a prophet, nor ao I know
enough of geology to form an opinion
whether or no nusgets of gold will be
more abundant here than they arc in the
East or Europe. But this lam sure of: If
gold is found here in large quantities the
real resources of the country which lam
spending my life in trying to develop
will be passed over by the goldseekers.
my object in founding New Helvetia will
be defeated and I may die in the poor
house.' 1
One month from that day Marshall came
riding in the rain through brush and brier
from Coloma to the fort with a bag of
gold nuggets under his arm and Captain
Sutter knew that the destiny he had
feared had come.
a quiet country life far from the madding
crowd. __^_______^_
Mttlc Jem.
Little Jim is poor and lonely,
Ragged, hungry, ttiin and small;
All life holds of pain ami sorrow
Little Jim has borne it all.
Great dark eyes that look with longing
At the pretty, shining toys;
Little heart, with sorrow laden,
Hungry for the Christmas joys.
Ye to whom the day is dawning,
Filled with love and Christmas cheer;
Ye to whom the Christmas morning
Comes to bless a happy year-
Know ye not the joy of giving
That a saddened heart may know
Something of His love and goodness,
See the sunshine here below?
Round the table, decked with holly,
Laden down with Christmas joys;
On the tree of stately baauty,
With its wealth of shining toys-
Have yet not, in all your treasures,
Something saved for Little Jim ?
For ye know the blessed promise:
"Ye have done it unto Him."
COBN'IE L. BARTLKTT.
But She Didn't.
"Mr. Pretty boy kept n»e awake two
hours last night."
"How was that?"
"By singing 'Sleep, My Lady, sleep,'
under my window."—vVashington Post.
1718
CHRISTMAS VISITORS
AT
ONSLOW GARDENS
T'lT BEING Boxing night, fi.ad the family being gone to the pantomime at
J^ I^rury Lane (where I w.fih I was)— when I say family I mean young
J$ 1 idy Westwood, Mr. Sicjaey and two young nieces, and, well another
youn^ lady— l beg to take thfc opportunity to set down a few facts concern
ing *:bat I may, without offense I hope, term an extraordinary incident
that Occurred this Christmas in this very house, No. i 46, Onslow Gardens,
Boutt> Kensington, where I have been under footman these six months
come! February. I hope when I've set it all d«wn it will be a relief, and
that my mind, so to speak, will feel better. It most certainly can't feel
mucb worse. It I wasn't sandy-haired by nature I believe I should have
turned gray with worry, and I ain't 17.
Miss Sarah Price arrived last Monday morning. I decline to refer to
Sarah by her real Christian name; moreover, I don't know that 1 know it.
She called herself Sarah, and I never doubted her word for a single
moment.
"And what is your name, my boy?" she said, when I had placed her
tin box in her room. She was a tall, slim young person, with a pleasaut
sort of face. "William, I suppose."
"My name is not William," I said, coldly, "and I'm not a boy. My
name is John Henry, and I'm a young man. How long do you generally
stay in one place?"
"It depends," she said.
"Well," I said, "that's no answer."
"It was not meant to be."
"Ain't your 'ands white, though !- You must 'aye had a easy berth
the last place you was in. How do you manage to keep th«m so clean?"
"Why," said Sarah, good temperedly, "I wash them."
"I'd give anything to keep my 'ands like some. Somehow the upper
classes never seem to 'aye no chilblains. I got 'em on my 'ands and my
ears and — By the by, Mr. Sidney's coming 'ome this Christmas."
"'Who is Mr. Sidney?"
"My lady's brother-in-law," I answered.
She looked steadily at herself in the looking-glass for just a moment.
I leaned against the doorpost and went on with the conversation, because
I knew that the girls were very fond of being talked to.
"Wonder how you'll get on with cook," I said. It made mo laugh to
think of what Ler first encounter with cook would be like — she with her
quick, decided manner and cook with her temper. "Cook always takes
down newcomers a peg or two. Isn't your hair nicely done up at the
back?"
"Do you mind running away, John Henry?"
"What," I said humorously, "with you?"
.For answer she stepped from the dressing-table to the door, and
closed it quickly in my face. And now I want to write down a queer
thing, and that is this. The mere fact of her showing spirit at our first
meeting seemed somehow to egg me on. Why it should have been so,
goodness only knows— l don't. I believe that if she'd set her cap at me
like other girls have done, I should have been standoffish in my manner
toward her. As it was, by the second day before Christmas I could have
laid down my life for that girl and welcome; to a certain extent I mean.
"I can't quite make her out," said cook to Mr. Barker. "I should
Bay she'd seen better days."
"Well," said inr. Barker, "there's no harm in that. Plenty of tips
and downs in this life. Look at me, for instance."
"Why?" asked cook.
"Look at me," repeated Mr. Barker. "Five years ago I was butler at
the Duke of Surrey's in Cavendish square, and here I am now in the
house of the widow of a mere knight. Yon never know how long any
thing's going to last. It's a mistake to throw stones at any one just be
cause — "
"A stone, Mr. Barker," said cook sharply, "is the last thing I should
throw. As a matter of fact, I've took a liking to the girl, and she cer
tainly is very anxious to learn. The way she finds out what everybody
has to do and how they do it is a perfect marvel. 'Andy with her pen,
too, she is. Copied out 'alf a dozen recipes for me thi3 morning before I
could turn round twice. Good writing, mind yon."
"School boards make all the difference," said Mr. Barker, judicially
"When I was a lad you never found any of this education nonsense
among servants. I'm not sure that it isn't getting overdone. What I
mean to say, it makes 'em 'alf inclined to look down on their elders."
"They don't look down on me," said cook, with decision. "Any show
of that and I pretty soon open ray mouth and nip it in the bnd. What
time does Mr. Sidney arrive, Mr. Barker?"
"Boat's due at Southampton this morning."
"That's runnng it pretty close," remarked cook. "I hope he'll be
home for Christmas dinner, that's all. There'll be some credit in sending
up things to a gentleman who has traveled like he has. He'll know what's
what, I lay."
I don't often dare to speak when Mr. Barker and cook are talking, but
I did }ust for once ask a question.
"What's Mr. Sidney like, Mr. Barker?"
"How do I know what he's like?" answered Mr. Barker, testily. "I
don't know him from Adam."
"Who does, I wonder?"
•None of us, that's very certain," said cook. "He was before our
time."
"Is he married?"
"Look here, John Henry," said cook, "don't you be too inquisitive
a bout things that don't concern you, and leave off picking those mince
pies."
"And go and answer the bell this minute, you young rascal," said Mr.
Barter. "You don't care if visitors are ket>t waiting at the door all day
long. Before you co though open a bottle of Burgundy for me. Me and
cook '11 jest wish each other a Merry Christmas. What do say, cook ?"
"Well," said cook graciously, "as it only comes once a year I don't
know as I won't. Christmas will soon be on us now."
I never saw a more overbearing gentleman than the one I opened the
door to. He threw his portmanteau on the hall chair and made me hold
his cigar while he took off his long thick overcoat
"See here now, kiddie," he said. "Lady Westwood in?"
"What name, sir?"
"Lady Westwood, hang you."
"Bat your name, sir."
~ He took hold ot me by the shoulder and shook me.
"GRANDMA" DUNCAN A SALVATION ARMY WOMAN WITH A FEDERAL WAR RECORD.
One of the most interesting members of
the Salvation Army, either here or else
where, is undoubtedly Mrs. A. J. Duncan,
better known as "Grandma Duncan," who
seventy-seven years a^o was born in
Wellsburg, Va.
Doubtless, few of those glancing in at
the multitude of hungry children being
fed by the Volunteers on Thanksgiving
day recognized in an aged woman present,
who assisted untiringly in distributing
food to the poor, a person whose life had
been marked by events of more than ordi
nary interest, yet such was the fact.
Five years ago Mr?. Duncan was stricken
with blindness, remaining in that condi
tion about two years, when gradually her
eyesight began to return, and at present
she can distinguish faces, although unable
to read.
Shortly after her misfortune she joined
the Salvation Army. But long before the
existence of that organization her best
woman's efforts were given to another
cause in which the welfare of our country
was involved.
When questioned, she speaks modestly
of the part played by her in our Nation's
history, preferring to dwell upon her pre
vious work in humanitarian lines similar
to that whicn engrosses the moments of
her declining years.
"You think it kind of me to care for this
little boy ?" she said, echoing a remark con
cerning a child jn which she is interested.
"Why, bless you, I've raised nine chil
dren, besides two sons of my own. I
should have broueht up ten, but a woman
claimed the tenth child and took it away
after I had kept it five days and had made
up my mind that no one wanted the little
stray. My children and I cried as though
our hearts would break, and I never hated
to" give up anything so bad in all mj life.
i>id my husband object because I took so
many ? He never said much about it.
When I brought dome a new one he would
look at it and remark that if all women
were like rce ther9 would be no need of
orphan asylums. He worked hard and
fed them and I sewed and kept them well
clothed. I took the last one the year that
Judson went to China— the first mission
ary to enter that country.
"We were then living in Maysville,
Ky., where there was great enthusiasm
over his work among the heathen. They
came to me and asked what I was going
to give for the box being made up to send
the mission ares.
" 'Nothing,' I said; 'we have too many
poor right here at home who need what
little I can SDure.'
" 'But tne names of those who donate
will be published in the Macedonian and
go all over the world,' a friend said.
"I told her," tears gathered in the dim
eyes as she spoke, "I told her that I never
knew that anyone professing Christianity
worked merely fora name; that i didn't
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
"Another word of your infernal impudence." he said, "and, by gosh,
I'll wipe the floor with you. Is she in now?"
"Well, sir," I said trembling, "she is in and she ain't in, if you under
stand me."
"Tell her that her brother-in-law, Mr. Sidney Westwood, jest home
from 'Frisco and other places, is here, and don't want to be kept waiting
on the mat over Christmas."
On the stairs was Sarah. She was holding the balustrade with one
white hand, and siie was looking down very curiously at the loud-voiced
man in the hail.
"And tellher that I'm jest 'bout hungry, d'ye see?— and I'd like
sometbin' t' Oat at once. Boat came in a bit previous, and I didn't want
to fee 4at Southampton. Some of 'em stayed behind there." He looked up
the stairs and caught sight of Sarah. "What on earth is the girl looking
at? Seem to keep an uncommon pretty brand of — "
"That's Sarah, sir, the new 'ousemaid."
"I'll talk to her," he said, "while you take that message. Hurry
now."
My lady's orders were that lunch should be prepared at once, and that
Mr. Sidney should be shown into the reception-room. I came downstairs
to deliver these orders, and I was annoyed — as any man in my position
would have 1 een— to find him and Sarah in close conversation. It was
what I call bad form.
"And you have been all over America?" she was saying.
"That's so."
"And now you are back in England to make the acquaintance of the
relatives whom you have not seen, and to settle down?"
"You've guessed it, my girl, in once. Ever been in 'Merica yourself?"
"Yes," she said, calmly; "I know it."
"Finest country in the world."
"Even Americans say that."
"Of course," he said, hurriedly, "I'm not an 'Merican. I'm English
right through. But having been over there for some years I've naturally
enough — "
"I believe Englishmen always bring back the accent with them."
"We don't let 'em bring back nothing else, you may bet your boots."
"Whom?" asked Sarah, quietly; "whom do I understand by we?"
She was talking in quite a self-possessed way, and I listened with
my mouth open at ber cool impudence. I know most of the rules of eti
quette one way and the other, and I never yet come across one which said
that housemaids should chat like this with visitors.
"I didn't say 'we,' " he said; "I said 'they.' "
I conducted him upstairs to the reception-room, and it seemed to me
that there was no harm in waiting outside the half-opened door in case
anything interesting was said. Besides you always find in the best fam
ilies that downstairs they rely on the under- foot man for little bits of new 's
and if he can't overbear any he has to make it up.
My lady had limped into the room; she is slightly lame and more
than half an invalid.
"I hope you will believe," she said, gently, "that it gives me much
pleasure to welcome you."
"That's good enough for me," he answered, with something of awk
wardness. "Shake I"
"You are earlier than we hoped, Sidney?"
"Yon'll find me a bit left-handed," he said, evasively, "in first-class
society, after I've been out of the rut for all these years."
"We shall be prepared to make every allowance, Sidney."
MISS SARAH PRICE BEGINS HER INQUISITIVENESS.
"Ah!" he said, in his high nasal tone, "that's just what I want. I'll
get you to let me have some cash to go on with."
"No trouble about that."
"And you'll pardon me, but— l've been and forgotten your Christian
name."
"Margaret."
"Marearet, of course. My brother used to be always blowing about
his Maggie in bis letters to me. Real fond of you, I believe."
"Poor Sir James always called me Madge."
"Perhaps it was Madge. He was a darn bad writer."
"I beg your pardon," said Lady Westwood, with some reserve, "your
brother wrote a beautifully clear hand."
"Well, well," he said, impatiently, "we won't argue 'bout that.
Where do you propose to spend Christmas, Madge?"
"I thought of staying in town this Christmas," she said.
want praise for anything I had done, and I
that I couldn't give to the missionaries; j
but if she knew of another child in need
of a home I would take it.
"She told me of a man whose wife had
just died and left seven. There was a
baby three months old which nobody
wanted. As it was the hardest of all for
the father to take care of, I took her and
j raised her. There bangs her picture;
that's Addie."
My attention was directed to the picture
of a sweet-faced middle-aged woman.
"And there hangs the picture Qf her
son."
The sailor-boy in his picturesque suit
bore a striking resemblance to his mother.
"She's dead now," the aged woman con
tinued sadly; "been dead these eight
years. I loved her as though she was my
own flesh and blood. They were all pood
children, those I raised, and all lived to
grow up and marry, but most of them are
dead now and I'm still living.
"You heard that I could tell you about
the war in the South?" she said, bright
ening up. "Well, I can tell you some
thing of it, for I saw more than most
women had a chance to. As I went about
with my little satchel on my arm they
gave me the name of Sanitary Commis
sioner, but I was seeking news. I did
what I could to bring about peace in the
country.
"We had moved to Madison, Ind., when
She seemed to be already nervous of the bie, blatant man striding
about in front of the roaring fire and handling and examining everything
near the mantelpiece.
"Paddock Hurst is so very dull at this time. We shall have several
people to dinner this evening to meet you."
"Now, see here! " He spoke if anything a little louder. It was quite
easy for me to hear what he was saying; it was never easy to overhear my
lady's remarks. "Look right here; I don't want none of this fuss and
foolery. If you think I'm goiDg to be handed round like cake to a lot of
back numbers that used to know me you've made a mistake. D'ye hear
me, now?"
"I only want to make you comfortable, Sidney." Then she added,
•For poor Sir Jim's sake."
VSir James-be " He stopped. "Look here, now. We don't want
to go and make a noiso jest over a simple matter like this. I'm going
round the town to-night to see everything and paint this London of yours
purple. When that lunch is ready I'll eat it, and then afterward you'll be
kind enough to advance me as much as you can spare. D'ye see? On my
note of hand."
"I shall be very pleased. Will £50 do?"
"Fifty pounds! Why, how many dollars is — Father Abraham,
no! Fifty pounds, indeed. I want five hundred at the very lowest reck
oning."
"Five hundred seems a lot, Sidney."
"That's jest why I want it. In cash or notes, or how you like."
"I shall have to give you a cheefc."
"Do your bankers over here close any earlier day before Christmas?'*
he demanded quickly. "They don't? That's all right, then. Now let's see
about this feeding."
"Do you mind lunching alone, Sidney ?'
"Prefer it. Who's that new maid you've got downstairs? Something
familiar about here."
"I hope," said Lady Westwood severely, "that it was not her man
ner."
"Lord, no," he said. "Jest her face."
Sarah, whom I met on the first landing, was a little flushed, and
looked, upon my word, prettier than ever. I think I may say without
bragging that I am a judge of the fair sex, and if I don't know a good
AN EXCEEDINGLY ROUGH INTRODUCTION.
looking girl when I see her why then I don't know anything. That's all
about it
"I beg pardon, Miss Price," I said. "Can you give me a few minutes'
Conversation."
"I have so much to think of, John Henry," she said absently.
"And you'll have more," I said, "'when I have told you what I want
to tell you. And if I'm not vary much mistook you'll be highly grati
fied too.
"If I tell her," she said, half to herself, "I shall have to explain who —
I beg pardon, John Henry. Go on."
"Yes, well," I said, a little hurt at her want of attention, "'ark to
what I'm telling you. This what lam about to say is likely enough to be
a kind of turning point in your life. You'll look back on this Christmas
and you'll say: 'Ah !' you'll say, 'that was something like a Christmas.' "
"Why," she said, cheerfully, "I do believe I shall."
"And you'll remember it chiefly, Sarah," I said, with much delibera
tion, "as being the time, or perl aps I may say the occasion, on which I
myself, known as John Henry, offered to you to give up the girl he's been
keepin' company with over in Onslow Square— she's a bit too short for
one thing — and to propose to you.' 1
She did not answer for a minute.
"What did that gentleman speak about when he saw Lady Westwood,
John Henry?"
"Let's settie one matter first," I urged.
She repeated her question, and I told her all that I had overheard.
She nodded once or twice as she listened, and it seemed as though she had
anticipated what I was telling her.
" 'Arping back to the original subject." I saui, when I bad finished,
"it occurs to me that you'd rather not say 'yes' or 'no' at the present
moment."
"That is so," she said.
"And if you'd rather take a little time to think over it, Sarah, say so.
I don't believe in rushing into engagements meself and 1 don't want
you to."
"Why, I think I will ask for time, John Henry, if you don't mind.
I'm rather worried about another matter, you see."
"I venture to 'ope," I said, "that there's no one else."
"John Henry 1" she cried. Her eyes twinkled. "Do you think that if
there was another he would stand any chance in competition with you?"
"Well," I said, honestly, "since you put it that way, I cert'ny do not."
"Will you do something for me, John Henry? Quick!"
"I am ready to fly, Sarah, for your sake, on what I may term the
wings of love."
"I may want you presently to run along to the telegraph office as fast
as ever you can. You must not lose a single moment."
"For your sake. Sarah," I said, fervently, "I'd do even more than that
Yon don't understand how I've took to you. As a matter of fact, it sur
prises me. But I was always a rare one for good breeding, and you "
"Listen at the dining-room door, John Henry, and if you find that
Lady Westwood is giving him the check come to me at once."
"He's got it already," l^aid. "I saw her give it to him and he put it
in his pocketbook."
The. telegram Sarah gave me was as follows:
GRANDMA DUNCAN.
"YOU HAVE GOT A GOOD CHEEK, MY GIRL."
If check for five hundred
is presented stop payment.
Westwood. |
It will give you an idea of how far gone in love I was. when I tell yon
that it never occurred to me to ask her any questions about it. On the
way back I bought a scarlet fichu to give Sarah as a Christmas present,
and then I called in at Onslow square and told the young lady I had been
going out with that our engagement must be considered off. I've go
rather peculiar principles in matters of the heart, and I never will carry
on with two at the same time. It isn't right; it isn't honorable; itisn't
fair. Besides it's risky.
What happened while I was away, I have ascertained from cook and
one or two of the other 3. There isn't much goes on in a house that the
servants don't find out, and what they don't know is not worth knowing.
It appeared that the loud-voiced gentleman was coming down the stairs
into the hall with the £500 check in his hand.
"Looks," he said with satisfaction, "looks like a straight flush. With
a hand like this I can — Hullo, my girl !"
"I want to spaak to you," said Sarah very quietly.
"Well, I can't stop now."
"I think you will," she said.
"You have got a good cheek, my girl."
"I have also a {rood memory," she said. "But it does not always
answer readily, and just now when I saw you I couldn't exactly locate
you. I knew you were not Sidney Westwood."
"You an American girl?"
"I'm an American journalist, " she said, calmly.
"Well, but you don't talk like—"
"Well, you see." she said, "I am educated."
"Look right here, now," said the man excitedly, "I can stand a good
deal from a woman, but by gosh there's a limit. Stand away !"
"I only want to advise you to go now and not to show your face here
again."
"Say, my girl, don't you be so handy with your advice."
"And if you don't agree to do that, I shall simply press this knob and
send for the police. I think that a charge of obtaining £500 under false
pretenses, especially with your New York record, Mr, Lennard — "
"How d'you know my name?"
"Oh," she said genially, "a lady journalist knows a Jot."
"And knows it pretty well all wrong," said Mr. Lennard, savagely.
"'ln this instance that is not the case," she said, agreeably. "And as I
have to some extent an interest in this house, I am going to use my
knowledge for all that it's worth."
"You talk about me and false pretenses," he said aggressively, "how
did you get your character? "
"From my aunt at the embassy."
"And what's your little game?"
"It's a very little game," she said placidly. "I am writing letters
about London life in different spheres to a New York paper."
"Look here now," he said, changing his tone. "We've all got a livin'
to earn. If you don't interfere with me, I'll promise not to interfere with
you."
"I don't think you are likely to do so."
He hesitated fora moment. One fist was clenched.
"Seem to havegoton a toastin' fork," he said. "Keckon I'll get."
And he went. I saw him, as I was returning, hail a cab and tell the
cabman to drive to the London and Westminster Bank in St. James
square, and it made me laugh, because I knew very well that the tele
gram would be there before him.
I now come to the painful part of my story. Looking baclc on the
whole affair, I can see I was wrong in giving up so hastily the young lady
In Onslow square, even though she was only just over five feet. At any
rate she was better than nobody, and it doesn't follow because a girl is
only medium height that she hasn't a good heart. I could see all this as
plain as possible when real Mr. Sidney arrived. Before be came, Sarah
had explained everything to Lady Westwood and a messenge r from the
bank had come to say that the bank had duly refused payment.
"And thanks to this young lady — " began Lady Westwood.
"Whom L have met before," said the tali youth, gravely.
"Mr. Westwood has met many people in his travels," she said to Lady
Westwood, hastily.
"I have met nobody else like you," he s4id. "Why did you not an
swer my letters, dear?"
"When my father died, Lady Westwood," she said, persistently ad
dressing herself to my lady, "and I found that instead of having plenty of
money. I had none, why I had to work. And, of course, I knew that my
old friends would not want to continue their acquaintance, especially
with a journalist who," she laughed a little sadly, "who has to adopt all
sorts of devices for the sake of a little copy."
"In regard," said Mr. Sidney Westwood, taking her hand again— "in
regard to ono of those old friends, I want you to believe that you are quite
wrong."
"I am glad," she said.
"It is clearly my duty," said Lady Westwood, gooG-temperedly, "to
dismiss you at once."
"I will go directly, Lady Westwood."
"But I insist upon your staying here as a friend, dear."
"I have much pleasure," said Sidney Westwood, "in seconding that
resolution."
*****
Cook says it's been quite the romanticest Christmas that she's ever
experienced, and Mr. Barker says he only hopes the wedding will be done
in style. It's all very well for him, but it does not seem to me, speaking
from a personal point of view, that it's pretty' middling rough on John
Henry.
I the war began, and I first commenced to
take an interest m the strugele through
hearing a young man named Morgan— not
the raider — boasting about the arms they
expected to get the following week, and
saying the seat of war was to be right in
our county.
"I learned this when I was visiting
seven miles from home ; but I made up my
mind to leave at once for Indianapolis and
relate what I had heard to Governor
Morton.
"I had to go borne first, but my friends
urged me to stay and said they could not
take me home then, a? the saddle-horses
were all away. As General Green and An
drew Johnson— afterward President— with
two regiments of soldiers were going there
too, they learned my mission to the I
Governor through an old gentleman with
whom I conversed, and a command came
for every private soldier to vacate the car.
When the car was clear of soldiers General
Green and Johnson came in and I had to
repeat the story to them.
"When we reached Indianapolis I was
escorted to a hotel and the Governor him
seJf called to learn the news I nad
brought.
"As a result men were sent to search,
and there was found hidden on the farm
of Graham Bright near Madison $10,000
worth of percussion caps atone; then
when a lot of boxes came marked Sun
day-school books they were seized and
found to contain rifles, and that is how
they prevented Indiana and Ohio from
becoming the seat of the war." ,
Clara Iza Prick.
JKe Gzar's Blue-Evjed J-lorses.
The Emperor of Russia has four separate
"services" of horses and carriages— the
gala set, and the French, English and
Russian sats. Each set comprises at least
fifty horses. The Russian set accompanies
the Emperor wherever he goes, and at
Gatchina it is used, together with the
English set. The gala and 1 French
horses and carriages are housed at St.
Petersburg, in the Winter Palace stables.
The Emperor's gala turnout consists of
fifty Hanoverian horses. These horses are
perfectly white, with blue eyes, and any
thing more magnificent in the way of
trappings than their harness could hardly
be conceived.
The state carriages are of the Louis XV
style, and the one which carries the sove
reign has a large circle of diamonds set in
side among the cushions and on the roof.
Tne imperial crown surmounts this state
carriage, which is drawn by eight white
horses, each led by a postillion dressed in
white and gold Answers.
The number ol patents issued in the
United States for the manufacture of ink
is over 200 Q.OF ail books, the logbooks of the mer
chantmen that make fast to the
•.wharves of San Francisco ; «ire prob
ab'.y the dullest to the ordinary mortal.
To the sailor every entry means a story,
and some of the most interesting stories
gleaned during ten years at sea are here
with related.
♦
I °J tire ie^&A
It may seem strange to read about tliel
win i blowing so strongly that it tore open
a s^lor's mouth, but the strangeness of it
d (W^ not lease it any the less true.
It \vas once my fortune to be caught off
thfe island of Fayal, in the Azores, in a
cy*!one, with every otitch of canvas
Btretehed.
The .experience was not one of those for
which w.e had a week to prepare, but came
so suddenly that we did not realize what,
had struck us till we were repairing our
wrecked sails and rigging in the calm
water to leeward of the island half an hour
later.
We were within a week's sail of home,
and every mariner knows the feeling of
those who, having been on a long voyage,
pass the Western Islands (Azores) and
straighten out for the Lizard.
It was at this time one interesting after
noon, just after four bells, when a little
bit of a cloud appeared that grew and grew
faster thnn the turnip of Longiellow's boy
hood days. A lew minutes after making
its appearance the whole atmosphere sud
denly turned white. There was just one
flash of lightning, a mixed crash of thun
der, broken spars, torn sails and parted
EhrouCs. The ship's lee rail was under
■water, the wind was blowing half a
dozen gales and had hauled several points
ahead, placing the rocky little island dead
to leeward of it, but what was even more
dangerous, blotting it from sisht. Every
body kuew that unless we could immedi
ately get thesiiipoff before the wind be
fore she sagged to leewerd there was net a
particle of hope of outliving that white
squall. The captain immediately mus
tered the hands aft, and although the ves
sel was nearly at right angles to the
water told them tnat their only hope was
in going aloft and either cutting away or
furling the rags of the after canvas.
Headed by the mate the men scrambled
Eloftand started to obey the order. It was
then that one Norwegian sailor met with
Vthe accident with which this little story
Kpens. After climbing out to the weather
c»oss-jack yardarm he looked to wind
ward, and just why he opened his mouth
no one knew, unless it was to try and
Bhoat something to the men on deck. Sev
eral larjre hailstones were being thrown
around by the wind, and apparently one
must have struck him on each side of fiis
mouth at once, for a little later his mouth
was found to be cut fully half an inch each
way.
After a few minutes we succeeded in
getting the ship off before the wind, and
had no sooner done so than a man from
aJoft could be heard yelling, "Breakers
ahead." Instantly everybody looked in
the direction indicated, and not more
a hundred feet away was the white water,
foaming around tne rocks lying off the
southwest corner of the island. Another
rive minutes would settle the fate of all on
board. By some timely trimming of
yards we passed the point in safety, and
ten minutes later we were in a beautiful
calm" patch to leeward of the island and
the little village we saw in the center, of
which a steeple was prominent, never
looked so peaceful or so acceptable to any
crew of sailors.
But while saved ourselves, a little Dun
dee green-painted bark whom we had
been trying to signal just when the white
squall struck us was not so fortunate.
She was just too far ahead to go to lee
ward of the island and we knew by ob
servation that she did not go to windward,
consequently only one fate was left her.
Hjm went down and not one of her crew
>uTvived that squall. Every inquiry was
made for 'months afterward, but she was
never seen again.
]P°Yle Be ttey Z>h*h TClm
It once required the throwing overboard
of a barrel of pork to save the life of a man
lro« sharks, and 1 believe that there are
STODIES OF THE SEN
skippers mean enough to think that the
result was not worth the price.
One morning, while making a voyage
from Sydney to San Francisco, we were
becalmed somewhere near the equator,
and, as usual, several sharks were swim
ming about the ship. At such times it is
customary, if the water be at all smooth,
to lower a stage over the ship's side and
scrub off the grass that always grows on
iron vessels at sea. The watch had just
been relieved, when there was a cry of
"man overboard," and on looking over
the starboard side we saw a Swede,
who had tumbled off the stnge and was
keeping himself afloat with difficulty.
As soon as the splash was neard two or
three lar^e sharks immediately swam to
ward him. It is a peculiarity of a man
eater that he will never touch anything
that is moving unless he be very hungry.
Peterson evidently knew this, for he
splashed with his arms and legs as much
as he could, but it did not seem to intimi
date those sharks. It would not take more
than a few seconds to throw him a bow
line and haul him on board, but it
wouldn't take a shark a hundredth part
of that time to make a sheer and nip off a
leg. It happened that Peterson had fallen
overboard close to the meat cask, and one
THE SWEEP OF THE FREAKISH GALE.
of tbe old sailors, with a presence of mind
that I have never yet ceased to admire,
immediately kicked off the lid and threw
three or four pieces of juicy fat pork to tbe
sharks. Th#»y swallowed them rapidly, as
they always will anything that is station
ary, and the old sailor kept pelting the
sharks with chunks of meat until Peter
son was hauled aboard, after , which the
free lunch was declared cff.
J«lc ■)ji^ot F*lrC
Poet? and romancers never seem to tire
of talking about the unfaithfulness of a
sailor. Such an idea is one of the grossest
of calumnies. A tailor is more faithful to
his wife or his sweetheart than the major
ity of people ashore ever pretend to be.
Many times on clear moonlight nights, as
well as under tbe shelter of tbe weather
cock in a gale of wind, I have beard cap
tains, officers and sailors talk of the loved
ones at home, and in a manner that
showed more respect and tenderness than
is ever credited to an old shellback.
There was one captain who never tired
of talking about his home. It was his
constant companion in thought from the
time be waved farewell to his wife and
little ones as they went back on the tug
boat to the time he met them again.
Somewhere in the north of Scotland
there was a little, green crave, of which
he had a photograph in his cabin, and the
attachment for that little mound was
something to be admired. Frequently he
would unburden himself of hi? inmost
thoughts and th*n he would be no longer
the stern captain to whom everybody
must show ready obedience a!!d respect,
but one of the most tender-hearted of
human beings, and as he turned occasion
ally to look at the lighted binnacle his
i listening eyes would have been an in
spiration to those who cavil at a sailor's
morality.
With the rank and file of forecastle
hands there should be a vast amount of
sympathy for their weaknesses, when it is
known tbe great sacritices that a life at
sea entails, but wiui the young middies
and officers things are different, and they
are as a rule the truest and most faithful
of lovers.
frerefteA
• ; ... "■.,-■. : " ' ; ■•''■•
It i.s an unwritten law in nautical juris
prudence that a ship is not deserted and
cannot be called a legal derelict if there is
life on board of her. In some instances
stories have been told where the discovery
of a cat on board a deserted ship has pre
vented the salvors from claiming the
greatest limit of salvage. Had any one
boarded the ship City of Haukow while
on her last voyage from Philadelphia to
Japan, and while passing through the
Omhaya passage, their claim to total
salvage would have been frustrated by a
pie.
It is never a matter of safety or pleasure
to enter the Indian Ocean from the south
through any of the passages that extend
from Sumatra westward. On the occasion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
1 referred to we were passing through be
tween Lombok and the island east of it,
and had safely passed Ringit Point, in the
southeast corner of Lombok. Between the
two islands all kinds of conflicting cur
rents were met, and as there was not a
breath of wind the ship was as helpless as
a log.
Just about midnight it was discovered
that we were being carried fast on to a
perpendicular cliff. On dropping the lead
we found no bottom at a hundred lathoms,
and to have let go an anchor under such
conditions would simply mean ripping
the vessel's plates below .the water line
with a cable. It was pitch dark and we
could not see how close we were, but we
soon discovered our distance when the
spanker boom struck the rock end on,
broke in two in the middle and was sent
crashing down into the cabin through the
skylight. The mizzen yards next locked
with the cliff, and at the same time we
could feel the stern of the vessel pounding
on a ledge beneath. The cliff must have
run down into the water perpendicularly
for over a hundred fati oms, which fact we
proved by taking soundings. To have had
a hole knocked into the ship meant that she
would sink oodily oat of sight, and to run
the risk of having our starboard boats
smashed as our port ones had been by the
cliff would have been suicidal and left
us with no means of escape in case of the
worst.
The captain ordered the starboard boats
to be lowered and provisioned. While we
were passing some cracKers and hams into
them the carpenter reported that the ves
sel was making water fast. Provisions
were forgotten, there was a wild scramble
for the boats and a minute later all hands
were pulling hard away from the;r late
home to avoid the suction that would in
evitably occur should she founder. After
rowing off about half a mile we paused
and wished for daylight. To our horror
we d.scovered when wanting a drink of
water that the boat's breaker was empty.
Before we had left the ship an hour some
one noticed that she had left the rock and
was sailini; through the straits on her own
account. We tried to overtake her, but
being in a current adverse to the one
which was sweeping her onward we made
no headway. Finally we struck the same
current and away we went chasing the
City of Hankow, which was flying through
tbe night with all sails clewed up like a
veritable phantom ship, without a sign of
life aboard except the pig which we had
left in ths sty. No time was lost in taking
possession of our ship and next morning
we dropped an anchor in about sixty-five
fathoms, opposite tbe little village where
the monarch of the islands live. Captain
King went ashore, managed in a way
known only to himself to make known
our wants and returned with a turtle,
some skinny goats, some skeletons of
chickens and a few sweet potatoes. On
arrival in port we found that a large por
tion of our rudder had been knocked away
and much of the false kee). But as the
vessel was of the build known as compos
ite this loss was not material. For the
rest of the voyage the crew never tired of
telling the story of how the pig steered
the ship off the rock.
<|)^vlc CfcYajfre
9 ;^ WateVjf bol
Plenty of people have seen a shark and
a thresher indulge in a linish contest, bpt
few have seen the two animals, while
fighting to the death, drawn out of the
water in the vortex of a waterspout.
Every sailor knows what the doldrums
are — variable airs, violent rains and every
now and then one or more waterspouts.
We were becalmed in the doldrums off
the coast of Brazil and were watching the
antic* of a shark and a thrasher who were
struggling near the ship in water which
had been turned red with their blood.
They were lashing the red foam in all di
rections, when our attention was arrested
by the presence of several waterspouts on
the horizon. \Ve also noticed that an
other one was forming rather too near the
ship for our amusement. The heavy
black cloud had already dropped the point
which is the first sign of v waterspout
forming.
Immediately beneath it the water began
to circle round and round and boil and
gradually to rise from the surface like a
pillar to meet the upper portion that wns
dropping from the skies. Shark and
thresher, totally unmindful of their prox
imity to danger, stabbed and bit each
other with increasing energy as they feit
the pain of their wounds. Nearer and
nearer the seething water approached
them, and finally they were within its in
fluence. Still fighting they were carried
round and round a few times and appar
ently got madder and mauder, each ani
mal seeming to credit the other for causing
the peculiar performance. A moment or
two later they were lifted clear above the
surface and were in the lower portion of
the waterspout. It was very evident that
they threw up the sponge under the cir
cumstances, for when the spout burst,
which it seemed to do as soon at it had
lifted the fighters out of the water, they
swam off in different directions and we
saw no more of them.
Tjtf P<"tca<"vn 'JI2aA
It was once the duty of the ship City of
Florence to carry what was undoubtedly
the most interesting mail on record. It
consisted of seventeen letters written by
Pitcairn Island maidens to their friends
and their friends' friends in Tahiti. The
island of Tahiti is distant only about a
week's sail from Pitcairn, yet these letters
were required to travel more than the en
tire distance around the earth, which jour
ney occupied nearly five montna before
they were delivered.
They were interesting letters, too.
Nearly all of them bore the address of a
young man. and, according to our infor
mation, nearly all related to South Sea
affures de coour.
One beautiful Christmas eve about
THE SEA BATTLE IN A WATERSPOUT.
seven years ago the City of Florence while
on !:er way from this port, to Eneland ap
proached Pitcairn Island and hove to. A
few minutes later President McCoy,
one of the Young family and several
dusky looking Pitcairners came on board,
and as no other ship had called there for
several months they were right glad to
see us. We exchanged many kinds of
food and material for two boatloads of
islano produce, and for each of the officers
Miss Rose Young, the scheol mistress,
sent a fine bouquet with a Christmas card
in her own handwriting.
But the most precious thing confided
to our care was a little bunch of letters.
Pitcairn Island not being in the Interna
tional Postal Union the envelope bore not
a postmark or stamp.
The little package was carried around
Cape Horn and eighty days later arrived
at Falmouth. Although they had then
traveled about 12,000 miles they had only
completed the first stage of their journey.
Our vessel, not being a recognized mail
ship, had to perform several red-tape evo
lutions, and Captain Leask bad to sign
almost an affidavit for each letter before
her Majesty's Government would accept
the responsibility of forwarding them to
their destination.
It cannot be said that carrying Pitcairn
Island mail is a very lucrative undertak
ing, for each of the letters carried the
ship-owners received the sum of one
penny, a;id the cost of obtaining this 34
cents was equal to tbe amount received.
Alter leaving Falmouth the letters took a
trip to London, there they went through
the general postotlice, were liberally plas
tered with postmarks and explanations
as to how they came there and why they
were not stamped.
After leaving the British capital they
went to Southampton and were then
placed on board a New York mail steamer.
At New York they were further decorated
and forwarded to San Francisco. By this
time they had traveled fully twenty
thousand miles and had been more than
three months and a half on their journey.
At San Francisco the sections of the en
velopes that were still unmarked were
duly covered and they were placed on
board one of the regular vessels that
carry the mails to Tahiti.
From there they bad to take
their chance of arriving at their island
destination. The only means of com
munication is by an occasional schooner
or a man of war, but eventually they were
delivered and no doubt the interesting
nature of their news more than compen
sated for the delay in receiving them.
Some time afterward Governor McCoy
visited Oakland on a visit to the Adventist
headquarters. He called on me at a news
paper office and said that ■ the letters were
duly delivered and that some of the young
men to whom they were written were now
the gallant husbands of the writers on the
lonely little isle made famous by its con
nection with the history of the mutiny of
the Bounty.
Uo£i°at (Baf ta<"j\.
The captains of tugboats on the Pacific
Coast are as a rule brave men. To this
rule, however, my logbook shows one
marked exception. A few years ago the
City of York, a Glasgow vessel, came from
Adelaide in ballast, bound for the Colum
bia River. A smart passage was made
across the Pacific and one bleak December
VOYAGE OF THE SAILORLESS SHIP.
1 afternoon we approached the bar. The
tug Columbia came as near alongside as
possible, and as the weather was very
threatening the captain decided to take a
tow. We caught his heaving- line and
made fast his hawser, and then proceeded
toward the bar, which was breaking
heavily.
■ The wind steadily increased, and before
we had been. towing an hour it was blow
ing a gal<v with frequent squalls accompa
nied by thick passing mists, which blotted
out everything for several minutes at a
time.:
: Very naturally, having a pilot on board
and a tugboat ahead, we felt that we were
perfectly safe and were congratulating
ourselves that in a few hours we would be
I safely at anchor off Astoria. To our great i
I surprise, when the storm seemed to be at !
its highest, the tugboat pave three or four
sharp toots and cast adrift the hawser.
We could then see that we were drifting
bodily onto the northwest beach, where '
the waves were breaking over the ribs of j
the Great Republic and the City of Dub- '
lin, one of our sister ships which had
been wrecked there some years previously.
It was no time for parleying, as a vessel j
in ballast drifts quicker than a cork. All i
hands were at once ordered to make a:i
possible sail, but even then enough canvas
could hot be set to insure tacking off that |
lee shore. Littla by little the old York •
was approaching the wrecked Dublin, and i
it seemed to be simply a case of a few i
minutes before we should - need the ser
vice* of the lifeboat from Astoria.
- The bar at the entrance to the Columbia j
River is somewhat in the nature of a
horseshoe and only with most favoring !
winds can a big vessel sail in. Somehow j
or other we enjoyed a charmed existence j
for a few hour 3. " Just when every hope of j
weathering that lee shore seemed to have j
vanished, there was a sudden change in
the wind and the ship was enabled to haul
off " the bar. Not only this, but as ;we
sailed along the edge of the breakers the |
little proverbial cherub that is supposed 1
to watch Jock's fate-was evidently on
deck, : for .* the , gale followed us at every j
point and at the time when, we expected
to be breaking to pieces we were' letting
go the anchor in the harbor. i • 1 >
That wns the only occasion on which in
t ten years' experience I ever saw "a cow
ardly act on the part of a tugboat captain.
There was no necessity, for the Columbia
to have cast, us off, as she was making tol
erably good weather, the duty of - her
captain .'was plainly", to have' attempted to
have towed us to an offing from which we :
could have worked out to sea. > In strange
contrast to this incident was that of a San
Francisco pilot, who, ; . a \ couple :of - years
later, worked same ship ; from a - dan
gerous position near the Potato Patch in a
hard gale of wind, and who did > not leave
our poop-deck for nearly < forty hours. V
1 ■■■ '• " : ♦ ■ -■:*
6)rY<>troar i^/\riCfat>Se|
Generous San Franciscans who con
tribute to the Christmas dinners given to
the apprentices of ships in the harbor on
Christmas day cannot fully appreciate the
extent to which their expression of kindli
ness is appreciated by those laas and the
old sailors far removed from all tender
associations. When they hear of how
some of these same guests spend a Christ
mas day off Cape Horn they will know
why the turkey and plum pudding taste
so good at Pastor Rowcll's mission.
Sailors as a rule refer to any person who
attempts to administer to their spiritual
needs as a "Holy Joe," but such words do
not always express contempt. Rev. Mr.
Rowell has a warm spot in the hearts of
many sailors who have visited San Fran
cisco, and frequently his name and that of
his honored wife and daughter, the latter
being now the helpmate of a worthy Sal
vation Army officer, are discussed during
mealtime at sea. Bat for our story of
Christmas off Cape Horn.
About five years ago we were outward
bound to this port, and, as usual. Cape
Horn decided to be as boisterous and ob
stinate as even Jack's worst enemy could
desire. It was blowing a gale of wind, a
heavy cross sea was running and, conse
quently, everything and everybody was
being turned topsy-turvey. In spite of
all, there was a Christmas feeling among
everybody on board, and when the cap
tain's wife wished the man at the wheel a
"Merry Christmas" he felt so pleased at
her condescension that he forgot the utter
inaptness of her words.
Of ciurse, there was no turkey; but th
previous day the cook had Killed a pic,
and snch an event on board a ship is of as
much importance as the laying of the
foundation-stone of a new city bail or a
ferry building. The crew's share would
have caused the mouth of an Eskimo to
witer. It was all fat.
The steward had put the legs in pickle
fcr the benefit of the cabin table; he had
boiled the head and potted it for the same
purpose; he had cut off large portions of
each side to make into half-cured bacon,
also for the cabin table. He laid claim to
the liver an i kidneys to make a haggis for
!he captain's \v fe. The balance of the
pig consisted of large layers of fat attached
to the skin, whicj when roasted was
served to the crew and the apprentices,
ami to the latter as a special favor was
added the trotiers and tail. Then came
the duff. Sailors call it railroad a uff, be
cause they say lhat the distance from one
plum lo another bears a strong resem
blance to that between railroad stations on
the plain?. After being placed on tbe
forehalch it was carelully cut into as
many pieces as there were men in the
watch and then one sailor would be told
to turn around and another man would
lift up the puddinsr, a riece at a time, and
ask who should hays it.
The man with his back toward the duff
would call out some name till all had a
piece. This may seem a childish way to
prevent discrimination over a mouthful of
duff between grown men; but It is re
ligiously followed every time the occasion
arises to "whack out" the food. It in
sures everybody getting an equal ''whack."
This same rule applies to the apprentices.
In addition to these special features there
was also some soap, which sailors call
'sky blue," presumably on account of its
c.earness and innocence from anything
that might obstruct a clear view of the
bottom of the mess ki-J. Coffee was also
served, of a tint black enough to suggest
that the cook had dropped in a sea boot.
All these delicacies were placed care
fully on the floor, so they could not by
any possibility fall. We gathered around
with our knives and forks and tin plates
as jolly as could be under the circum
stances, when v.-c heard some one who
was walking along the weather s.de cry
out, "There she comes." He referred to a
big sea breaking over the weather bow.
She came\ The weather door of our
house came also, and after it a large pro
portion of that sea. Pig, duff, soup,
water-beaker, molasses and coffee went
flying along the floor with tbe lurch to
leeward and the force of the water which,
rushed into the house. A few minutes
later we had barricaded the broken door,
pulled the plug out of the lee side of the
house, allowed the water to ran out and
then makeadivo under the lee bunk to
recover our Christmas dinner. The port
was uninjured; water could not penetrate
it. The duff, after cutting liberally all
around it, was declared tit to eat, but tbe
soup and the mola«>es and the coffee
could not be found. They had gone out
with the sait water.
We rrocured a little more coffee, sat on
our chests, cursed our ill-luck, talked of
home, and mutually agreed that a youth
who would leave a comfortable iiome to
foilow a life on the bounding deep wa>
uot a philosopher-
19no_textno_text20
THE ARTISTS WHO ILLUSTRATED THE CHRISTMAS "CALL"
HoW They Look Wker\ Jkey Pose Before the Gamera arvd HoW Tkey Appear to tke Gritical
Eye of tke GaricaKirist Wker\ Absorbed ir\ J\rl Work
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.SiiNE might write a story and call it
| "A New England Christmas," or
another and call it "A Southern
t brifitmas," but who could write a single
description and call it "A California
Literary Value of
The Story of Christ
Whatever one may believe or disbelieve
as to the sacredness or divine origin of the
Christian Bible, no one who considers its
style of literary composition thoughtfully
will demur from the verdict of its une
qualed merit that has already been passed
upon it by many masters of Western liter
ature. And of all the Christian Scriptures
there is none that surpasses in dramatic
element or in classic simplicity and dig
nity or style ihat part of the New Testa
ment wherein is related the tale of the
Christ.
The story itself — laying aside for the
time the question of its miracles and mar
vels — is one of keenest human interest.
Imagine, if we can, tbat the story of the
■ Christ were to be published to the world
to-day for the first time, say in the form
of 8 pretty holiday romance. Then it
might be viewed and criticized, and, re
viewed merely as a literary production.
■Would it not at once be pronounced the
work of a master in fiction? Would it not
' be read and reread by old and young
purely for its merit as a fascinating work
of literary art— always supposing, of
course, that the narrative were presented
in the same pleasing garb of dramatic
form and classic style as we find it re
corded in the Bible by the four evangel
ists.
Consider the story itself. What de
lightful touches of realism and idealism
are m'ngled in the simple narrative of the
carpenter's son who came to be crucified
for bis greatness and goodness. From
first to last it is a forceful romance, full of
human passion, human weakness, human
treachery and human strength and great
ness. It lacks nothing in local coloring,
thoueh only a bare word, or at mo-t some
simple interpolating phrase here and
there throughout the long drama, is em
ployed to portray it. In plot, incident
and action there is nothing to be desired.
Jn no other story is there so lovable a
hero. The treachery of Judas is not
excelled in fiction. The chief charac
ters in the drama are portrayed with care
ful, painstaking fidelity, though one does
not realize this fact until he has studied
thoughtfully the entire narrative. And
herein is the greatest of art— the Kind of
art that conceals its own art. And the
Biory reads along as though its writing
had been but a pleasing pastime to those
who gave the world its written story of
the life of Christ.
Consider the directness, strength and
simplicity of its art in literary composi
tion. Take the narrative written by one
of the four chief biographers of Jesus.
The merit of all their work is equal,
though each book has its own character
istic features. Of them all Luke is said to
have been the most learned, and bis work
is considerably more exhaustive. He was
a Gentile, born at Antioch. and was for a
long time the lriend and companion of
Paul. He does not claim to have been a
witness of the things tbat he wrote, but is
said to have derived his knowledge
directly from those who were witnesses.
There is no labored introduction to the
book of Luke and no attempt is made at
fine writing. In four terse sentences at
the beginning of his book Luke tells why
he was moved to write. Succeeding this
brief preface, in the next six lines the
author introduces to his readers the two
Christmas"? We have all kinds and
original brands of our own besides.
In the sunny southland there is the
Christmas of birds and flowers, of Eastern
tourists and balmy sunshine. In the
middle comes a Christmas of velvet lawns,
odorous violets, gorgeous chrysanthe
mums and perhaps a rain, but who in San
Francisco minds rain? Then up in the
mountains comes, most beautiful of all
to some of us, the white Christmas ol the
north.
It is winter, but not the steady winter
of the East. The snow has been down
and set its seal on the valley and the hill
i sides are leafless, but the white kina has
I retreated to his mountains again and the
j fields are growing green. The fall-sown
| wheat pe°ps tip and the grass of the pas
| ture land shows its color boldly. The
! children begin to wis^h it would snenv be
| fore Christmas and the grandmas repeat
By James H. Griffes
chief characters, of his opening verse*.
"There was in the day 3of H rod, the
King of Judea, a ceriain prieat named
Zacharias," says Luke, and therein he has
said more and proceeded farther along in
his narrative than any other author since
him could have done in as many long
paragraphs as there are words in his sen
tences.
From first to last you will not find a
single instance wherein the author has
attempted to express more than one prop
osition in one sentence. Let any writer
who thinkb this an easy task attempt it
for himself. He will find it one of the
most difficult things in composition; he
will find it, it is almost safe to say, an
utter impossibility to preserve this quality
of unity throughout any lengthy descrip
tion or narrative.
In power and forcefulness the writings
of St. John stand pre-eminent, and nowhere
else in literature is there a better ex
emplification of the fact that brev
ity and terseness ol style makes
for beauty and strength of expres
sion." Consider the opening paragraph of
John: "In the beginning was the Word,
and the Word was with God and the Word
was God." In these simple, forceful words
there is a wealth of eloquence and power
that has not been equaled by any other
writer. In the same chapter John de
scribes the whole meaning of the life of
Christ in eleven words, "He came to his
own, and nis own received him not."
Herein is summed up the whole story of
the Christ
In the fifth chapter, in describing the
departure of Jesus from Galilee, the fare
well feast that was given him, and his
subsequent departure for Jerusalem, the
author says: "After this, there was a
feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to
Jerusalem." And therein is a long jour
ney described, or at least told as forcibly
and as clearly as though many thousands
of words had been used in the description.
The literary value of the tale of Christ
may or may not be due in some measure
to those who translated the evangelical
writings from the original manuscripts.
This is a question, however, that it is a
waste of time to inquire into, and the fact
remains that no translator has ever yet
lived who could produce a great and last
ing piece of work from an indifferent
original. On the contrary, however, it is
true that some of the masterpieces of
lilerature have been sa<ily marred by the
vandal hand of indifferent translators,
and it is also true tbat the very best of
translations always fail short of doing
entire justice to the original production.
And while all honor may be due to the
early translators of the story of the life of
Christ the fact remains that the original
biographers produced monumental works
that have not since been equaled by the
greatest of writers and, it is safe to say,
will never be excelled. When it is con
sidered that at toe period when these
four books were wnttea (during t c first
century of the Christian era) printing
was unknown and that even the art of a
very laborious and complicated system of
penmanship was a remarkably rare ac
complishment, one begins to marvel at the
wonderful character of the literary works
produced by these men. Especially is this
the case with Evangelist John, and, singu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
A CALIFORNIA
WHITE CHRISTMAS
the old adage about a green Christmas
and a fat churchyard.
A week before the wonderful day a soft,
sighing wind comes over the valley. The
sun still shines warm and clear and the
leafless branches hardly shake.
But ever and again through the day
comes that gentle sigh. All day we hear
it, and at night the sigh turns to a steady
whisper and now and then a moan. The
next day the wind grows steady and
sweeps over the valley with a steady mur
mur. In the afternoon comes a white
haze ovsr the mountain tops and we know
the snow is falling there. Still our fields
show green, and still we have no storm.
The third day the weatberwise children
announce that "it's going to snow this
afternoon," and lessons are forgotten as
they watch the white veil creeping, creep
ing, ever so slowly across the slopes down
into the valley, hiding all it covers.
The little town across the flat disap
pears in white mist; the passing train is
heard but not seen; first one fence and
then another is swallowed; and then— it
comes. The first flakes are so small and
crystal they are almost invisible. Soon
the doorstep and the fenceposts aro
furred with wiiite, then the little ones
call them "frosted cakes," as the flakes
grow larger, whiter, more plentiful.
The snow has come. AH afternoon and
all night the soft whiteness will float
down and heap itself above the brown
larly enough, his is the only one of the
four Gospels the authenticity of which has
never been questioned by the most pro
found and critical of the theological
scholars. Y«U John was a man utterly
without education. He was a fisherman
and was mending his nets on the shores of
Galilee when he first met the Carpenter's
Son.
To speak of a man as being uneducated
in these latter centuries of the Christian
era means as a rule that he lucks the
hizher or classical education, but in the
first century after Christ that man was
famously educated who could but read
and write. How John could have written
his wonderful narrative of the life of Christ
is a mystery indeed. Even in our own
day the fishermen who can read and write
are very far from being qualified to engage
in the simplest kind of literary enterprise.
But here was a lowly fisherman who be
cane the biographer of the greatest figure
and personality known to the Western
world, and his account stands out among
all the others as remarkable for its strength
and purity of literary consi ruction.
Matthew was a tax-gatherer, and of
earth. To-morrow we will rise to find the
trees trimmed as we never can trim
our Christmas tree, and the whole world
will be white. We shall not be buried.
We do not go to extremes. A foot of good
solid snow is plenty for sleighine and
coasting, and it passes off without floods.
Toe children will clasp the soft, dry
beauty with happy red hands, and will
fall down to embrace it and make pictures
of themselves in the yielding surface.
Boys will bring out sleds and men will
begin to furbish up the sleigh so long idle,
and eyes will glitter to rival the glistening
snow. A joy for any time, but doubly a
joy at Christmas.
Where have the hummocks and hollows
of the valley gone? Where are the patches
of rock land amid the field? All gone.
Covered with a white shielding mantle.
The vale is one level sheet of white. The
pines hang heavy limbs piled high, and
the manzanitas are only mounds of white,
the forest graves. The bare twigs of oak
show through, and the shaggy juniper re
fuses to be decked except in 3pots.
The relatives will come from higher in
the hills and from other valleys in sleighs
with jingling chimes or maybe only the
humble sheep-bell tied to Dobbin's neck.
The roaJ across the hill will seem all new
with its white dress; the cotton-tails will
stand and gaze fearlessly, and the trees
will drop co d, clammy greeting if they
are roughly touched. The world seems
listening, £0 still it is; the glad voices
rinsing far across the flat, and the deep
puff, puff of the engine four miles off
comes plain to our ears. Truly this is
Christmas. It fits with turkey, mince pie
and tales of Santa Claus.
Our snow is all- a joy and never a men
ace. We know that in a month from now
the sleighing and the coasting will be but
course a man of considerable learning for
those days. His life of Christ lacks
somewhat of combining all the qualities
that are perfected in the book of Luke,
and his style, though at all times pleas
ing and original, is also at times uneven,
and those who are critically inclined
might pick a flaw with some of his verses
on the charge of tautology. But the most
critical of all critics must admit that as a
whole Matthew's version of the Sermon
on the Mount is an incomparably beau
tiful literary production.
The value of the story of Jesus does not,
however, rest entirely upon its classical
conformity, its purity, its beauty an J its
strength of technical literary construc
tiou. Technical greatness alone is not
true greatness, and there must be some
thing more than technical accuracy to
make lasting any work of art. Of course
the biographers of Jesus were particularly
fortunate in the subjact about which they
wrote, even for a time laying aside the
question— or the fact, as one may view it —
of his divine and miraculous origin.
But while this is true, it is also a fact
that his biographers were poets and artists
a memory and that children hunting the
first wild flowers on the hill will come up
on the dead brands of the bonfire they
coasted by and exchange reminiscences of
"the fun we had last Christmas when it
snowed." A white Christmas near glorious
Shasta is fraught with pleasures galore.
Olive Heyden.
Yreka, Cal.
Stow '.of '.St. -.79^oUj.
Popularly KnoWrv /\mor\g the Little
Folks as Sarvta Claus.
By Mrs. F. R. Bejstz.
The memory of St. Nicholas, popularly
known among the little folks as Santa
Claus, and whose name is so closely asso
ciated with the festivities of Christmas,
was born at Patara in Lycia, and though
a layman was for his piety advanced to
the bishopric of Myra. Jie died on the
Bth of the ides of December A. D. 343. In
the Roman calendar his feast is marked
for the6:hof December. Many are the
legends entwined with the name of St.
Nicholas. He is the patron of schoolboys,
mariners, clerks, nay, even robbers, while
virgins do him special honor, and little
children in the olden time, as well as in
the present day, looked up to him as the
donor of sweetmeats and pretty things.
The fame of St. Nicholas' virtues was so
groat tbat ar. Asiatic gentlemen, on send
ine his two sons to Athens for education,
ordered them to call on the Bishop for his
benediction; but they getting to Myra late
in the day thought proper to defer their
visit till the morrow, and took up their
lodgings at an inn, where the landlord,
to secure their basrgage and effects
to himself, murdered them in their
of rare perception, as well as mere biog
raphers, for not one of them but seems to
have had the genius of literary discrimin
ation; the faculty of knowing what to
write and what not to write; the power of
enlarging and drawing out the most dra
matic incidents in the character of their
hero. It was a character rich in material
for both the artist and the poet, and it
seems as though these early writers lost
not a word, incident or scene of real dra
matic, historic and romantic interest. As
tho life of Jesus is told bjr Matthew, by
Luke or by John, and even to a very large
extent by Mark, this carpenter's son set
every chord of humanity in vibration.
His touch was upon the entire range of
passions and emotions and inner aspira
tions, and the whole octave of human
sympathies were awakened by his master
hand. And in saying all of this one does
not vitiate or weaken or detract from, in
the slightest degree, the religious and the
dogmatic estimation in which the story
of the Christ is held by the churches.
Handshaking came into vogue during
the reign of Henry II in England.
sleep, and tben cut them into pieces, salt
in? them and putting them into a pickling
tub with conic pork which was there
already, meaning to sell the whole as
? lcb. The Bisnop, however, having had
a vision of this impioas transaction, im
mediately resorted to the inn and calling
the host tn him reproached him for his
horritj villainy. The man, perceiving that
he was discovered, confessed his crime
and entreated the Bishop to inter
cede on his behalf to the Almighty
for his pardon, and the good Bishop,
being moved with compassion at his
contrite behavior, confession and thor
ough repentance, besought, the Almighty
not only to pardon the murderer but also
for the glory of his name to restore life to
the two innocents wtio had been so in
humanly put to death. The saint had
hardly finished his prayer when the two
youths were restored to life. Some writers
hold this to be a sufficient explanation of
the naked children and tub, which are the
well-known emblems of St. Nicholas, and
from this circumstance St. Nicholas be
came the patron of scholars. The mariners
also venerated him and sought his protec
tion in the hour of danger. Armstrong in
his "History of Minorca" (1756) writes of
Cindadella:
"Near the entrance of the harbor stands
a chapel, dedicated to St. Nicholas, to
wiiich the sailors resort that have suffered
shipwrecK, to return taanks for their
preservation and to bane up votive pic
tures (representing the danger they have
escaped) in gratitude to the saint for the
protection he vouchsafed them and in ac
complishment of the vows they made in
the height of the storm." Another legend
tells how St. Nicholas appeared on the
waters to some mariners and saved them
from an ocean grave. From ihe circum
stance of scholars being anciently de
nominated clerks the fraternity of Par
ish Clerks adopted St. Nicholas as their
patron. In Shakespeare robbers are called
St. Nicholas' clerks. They were also called
St. Nicholas' Knights. St. Nicholas being
the patron saint of scholars and Nicholas,
or Old Nick, a cant name for the devil,
this equivocal patronage may possibly be
solved ; or, perhaps, it may be much bet
ter accounted for by the story of St.
Nicholas and the thieves, whom he
compelled to restore some stolen goods
and then converted to a pious life.
St. Nicholas probably became the darl
How the Captain s
Dollar Is Increased
Christmas eve scores of little brass
bound apprentices on ships now in port
received a dollar each with which to
enjoy the great holiday. To the average
San Francisco pleasure-seeker this may
seem a small amount, but those boys will
spend the whole of the feast day enjoying
themselves, and will then have some left.
In years gone by I have spent many
holidays in this port on one dollar, and
persuaded myself that I had had a good
time. That is to say, that one dollar is
the general limit of the captain's gene
rosity on such occasions, Dut tha lads
have discovered a way to outwit the cap
tain. In the first place, they will pour
into their commander's ear a tale of woe
about their lack of'clothing, want vt soap,
need of tableware, and other complaints,
until he is persuaded to make an agree
ment with some water-front tailor to let
the boys have about ten dollars' worth of
goods each, for which he will be responsi
ble and which he will charge up to their
account. On leaving the ship the boys
wiii at once proceed to their tailor and
will make a flat-footed proposition to him
to sell their ten dollars' worth of credit for
anything they can get.
Tne tailor will tell the boys that he has
to pay the captain 40 per cent commission
for the privilege of having the ship's crew
for customers. This is a little steep, but
25 per cent is an average figure. Then the
dealer will tell the boys that, as a rule,
about one-half of the customers run away
from their ships before the vessel sails, in
which event the tailor loses the amount of
his bill. On this showing he will persuade
the boys that it is about the right thing
to give them $2 25 in return for their
signature to a $10 bill of goods. It being a
case of Hobson's choice the boys compro
mise with the amount named and two or
three Chinese cigars thrown in, the tailor
suggesting that the gift of tlie cigars is a
dead loss to him and is only indulged in
for the purpose of securing the trade of
the young gentlemen when they again
come into port.
Armed with $3 25 the apprentices tben
proceed to have a main royal time. Al
though they have probably just iett their
supper table their first point of attack
will be a restaurant where each will drink
about three cups of coffee and eat about
twelve varieties of dyspeptic confection
ery. This will cost them on an average
about lour bits each, and then they will
proceed to take in all the Iree shows, on
Kearny street and Montgomery avenue,
and probably by way of variety they will
spend half an hour in the reading-room
attached to the Mariners' Church, and
when they leave each will be carrying
several copies of some sectarian magazine.
On Christmas day a dime will invariably
be blown in for a trip to Golden Gate
Park. The park has great attractions for
the sailor boys, and th*y can always be
found around tho moiky-house and the
bird house, surrounded by an open
mouthed, credulous crowd listening to
their tales of the remarkable monkeys and
birds that they have seen and caught and
tamed and eaten and been attacked by in
all manner of foreign countries. A seat in
the gallery of a theater will certainly take
a portion of their money, for there are no
boys in the world who appreciate a theater
more than sailor boys. They would cruise
around the world to see a ballet.
ing of the little folks from the fact that it
was customary in many countries of
Europe for parents on the vigil of St.
Nicholas to convey presents of various
kinds to their little sons and daughter?,
who ■were taught to beiicve that they owed
them to the kindness of St. Nicholas and
his train, who, going up and down among
the towns and villages, cams in at the
windows, though they were shut, and dis
tributed them. This legend has been
poetically perpetuatsd In verse, and in th#
well-known Cliri»tma3 poem, " 'Twas the
nieht before Christmas: "etc., St. Nicholas
and his train of tiny reindeer are charm
ingly described. "The stockings wera
hung by the chimney with care, in hopes
that Saint Nicholas soon would be there."
This popular custom undoubtedly origin
ated in the old convents of Europe, where
it was customary on the eve of Saint
Nicholas for the boarders (young lady
pupils) to place each a silk stocking at the
door of the apartment oi the abbess, with
a piece of paper inclosed, recommending
themselves to "Great St. Nicholas of Her
Chamber," and the next day they were
called together to witness the saint's at
tention, who never failed to fill the silken
stockings with sweetmeats and other trifles
of that kind with which they made a gen
eral feast. These are some of the principal
legends associated with the memory of
Saint Nicholas, so dear to the childish
heart under the popular name of Santa
Claus.
J*teditatior\s of a Wall FloWer.
Is it wicked to sympathize with a man
who does not make a good husband?
What makes your mother cross when
you say you believe in giving men a great
deal of liberty?
When the wife of the man you used to
like has sprained her ankie why do you
asK them to dinner?
When you meet your brother driving
with a person why doesn't he see you?
Why is he deferential afterward?
What makes you believe a stupid man
must be worse than he seems? What
makes yon think a bright man can't be so
bad as he seems?— New York Press.
The money deposited in the corner
stone of a new church at London, Ont.,
excited the cupidity of some mean thieves
and they stole it.
By S. W. Booth
On Christmas evening there is pretty
sure to be a dinner given to them by some
one of the societies that make a special
effort of looking after the sailors' inter
ests. These leeds are always good, and
as a rule modest young ladies take the
part of waitresses, and the absent boys
feel for a couple of hours as though they
really did hav^ some friends in the un
sociable port of San Francisco. After the
dinner comes an entertainment, at the
close of which another attacK will be
made on a restaurant. Not content with
filling themselves with as much as they
can eat the apprentice will have an eye to
the future. He will watch his oppor
tunity, and when no proprietor or waiter
is loosing in his direction he will empty
the sugar-bowl in a paper bag which he
had in his pocket tor that very purpose.
This will ereatly help out his whack for
the week and make it unnecessary for him
to beg a few extra sweetenings from the
steward or obtain them from one of the
crew in return for a new shirt or something
of equal value. Before coing on board it
is the invariable rule to compare funds
and see who shall purchase the rooty lor
coffee early the next morning. A rooty is
the sailor's name for a loaf of broad, ana
while in port the apprentices always take
care that there is soft tack for the early
morning meal. When all these things
and their expenses have been summed up
each boy finds that he has spent a happy
Christmas on about a $1 50, and still has
something left for the coming Sunday.
When polishing the brasswork the next
rWorning the captain, if he be a genial kind
of a fellow, will ask the lads what they did
on Christmas day, and when they have
completed their narration he will wonder
how in the world they accomplished so
much ou a dollar.
This is not a sfiilor'3 yarn, but an expe
rience that all the boys on oar ship went
through many times.
Experts as Egg-Eaters.
"Do you like eges?" was the question
that stirred up a '"4^-er" to make some
talk In a Bangar store the other day. He
was an old man and he straightened up to
something like the height of bis prime as
he answered :
"I had a surfeit of them once. 'Twas
many years ago when I was on the way
home from California. We left tho isth
must on a good brig bound for New York,
but ran into a coral reef in the Caribbean
Sea and were wrecked. It was a patch of
sand just out of the water, but you ought
to see the flocks of seafowl that nestled
on it! They had to move out of the way
to give us room to stay there and that was
about all they woula do. Their nests were
everywhere and there were eggs ia abund
ance. We ate about a barrel of them every
day during the twelve days we were there.
"Some of us got off in a boat and went
to San Juan, In Nicaragua, where we got
a vessel to go after those we left on the
reef. That vessel was commanded by
William Lawrence of Bath, who was killed
by a man named Wilkinson while he was
a policeman there. We tried to get to the
reef, but bad weatner stove us up so we
had to set in for New Orleans, where we
found the rest of the men rescued by an
other vessel; but eges— " the old man's
face took on a peculiar expression, — Lew*
iston (Me.) Journal.
2122
PROLOGUE.
¥'iF you marry him, by the Lord, I tell
! 1'2 y° u > w *^ never call you daughter
A$ of mine again!" cried the Squire.
Eleanor Carteret looked at her father
•with proud indignation in her handsome
eyes. She was a tall, dark girl, splendidly
handsome, and very like the parent ■whom
she was defying, although his bair was
pray and hers was raven black, his face
rugged and deeply lined, while hers was
iair and young. But their war of stand
ing was alike; their eyes flashed under
coal black brows with the same wild light;
the father's haughty curve of nostril and
lip were repeated in the features of the
daughter. No wonder, then, that when
tLe two strong wills clashed there should
be revolt on the one side and fury on the
other. Sue had never known a shadow of
restraint or authority, for her mother had
tlied when she was born and the Squire,
John Carteret of Moorsholme, had adored
her and spoilt her from her babyhood. It
was too Jate now, when she was one and
twenty, to put on the curb aud draw the
rein; she had always taken her own way
and she meant to take it now.
She was very musical, and during; the
lajst few months she had been staying with
a friend in London, in order to take les
sons of a well-known professor. It seemed
that this professor, havinc many engage
ments, sometimes deputed his work to an
assistant, who was a clever musician,
quite capable of giving lessons on his own
account. Unfortunately he gave lessons
in other things besides music — lessons in
ove, for instance. He had caused Eleanor
Carteret to attach herself to him so pas
sionately that she bad come straight
home to announce to her father that she
meant to marry the music-master, Lance-
Jot Ilervey, and no one else.
"It is only fair to tell you what I mean
to do," she had said in her haughty way.
"I will disown you — disinherit you,"
said old Mr. Carteret, violently. "1 will
cut you off with a shilling."
"And let Moorsholme go to the Bush
tons, I suppose?"
The Ilushtons were distant cousins,
nearly the only relatives that the Squire
possessed, and whom he cordially dis
liked.
"I would sooner it went to the Rush
tons than to a beggarly music-master and
his children," cried the Squire.
"Very well," said Eleanor; "I do not
mind what becomes ot Moorsholme — "
"You do not mind what becomes of it!"
gasped the father. To him Moorsholme
was as the apple of his eye. 1
"Not in comparison with the man I love.
I mean to marry Lancelot ilervey and
share his poverty."
"Then you may go to the devil!" cried
the old man in furious anger.
"Oh, no," said Eleanor, quite calmly;
"we shall only go to America."
She thought that ho was eoing to strike
her for this flippant reply, and for a mo
ment she quailed before the expected blow,
but it did not come. The Squire's hand
had been lifted, certainly, but it tank to
his side, and he turned away without
another word. A thought of Eleanor's
mother, whom he had fondly loved, came
between him and bis anger. If she had
thrown herself upon his neck at that
moment end besought him to forgive her
he might even have been won reluctantly
to consent to her desire. For, in spite of
his violence and his gusts of sudden anger,
John Carteret was very soft of heart.
But Eleanor was of a proud nature, as
all the Carterets had been, and she would
not go one step to meet her father, al
though he might be on the very point of
giving way. She waited for him to yield
and he would not yield. He said no more
for the moment, but on a future occasion
he reiterated his threat, with less violence
but more obstinacy, that he would no
longer consider Eleanor his daughter if
she married without his permission.
Eleanor, of course, took his own way.
Siie left the house openly one day, saving
that she was going back to London. In a
short time tne announcement followed of
her marriage to Lancelot Hervey, and
then sue dropped out of her old friends'
ken. Her father refused to sneak of her;
but it was noticed that his hair changed
I rapidly from gray to white, and the neigh
bors said amon; themselves that the
disobedient daughter was breaking her
father's heart. But, on the other hand,
Mr. Carteret continued hale and hearty!
He strode about hi 3 land as usual and
seemed as much interested as ever in the
state of stock and the condition of politics.
In these respects he was quite like him
self, and possibly he was not the sort of
man to sit down quietly with a broken
heart. He was too vigorous, too young in
Bpirit to be easily broken down.
And he was also very vindictive. When
the clergyman of the parish snoke to him
about his daughter he refused to listen.
He forlrade her name to be mentioned in
his house. He would not open the letters
that came to him from her. Five years
passed without any sign of relenting ou
hi 3 eide. Then came a curious chance.
One day Eleanor Hervey walked up the
avenue to Moorsholme Hall with a baby
in her arms and a iittle child clinging to
her gown. She was greatly changed—
pale, thin, worn, but with the old stately
grace of bearing and the proud turn of
her head. She was dressed in shabby
black, buc not in widow's weeds, and she
certainly did not wear the look of grief
and loss which is peculiar to a recently
made widow. She came rapidly up the
steps of the great front door, rang the
bell and asked for Mr. Carteret. The man
who opened the door did not know her by
eight.
"Yes, ma'am, he is at home. What
name shall I say, ma'am?"
"I am his daughter," said Eleanoi, ab
ruptly. "Is he in his study? Then you
need not announce me; I will go in."
The man tried to stop her by a feeble
remonstrance, but Eleanor waved him
aside and waited with a firm step toward
the study door. She entered and closed it
behind her, leaving the man outside in a
state of the greatest trepidation and alarm.
The Squire was sitting in an armchair
A WHITE CHRISTMAS
by the fire. He had a newspaper in his
hand, but did not seem to be reading. He
was looking at the red embers and dream
ing perhaps of other days. When Eleanor
walked into the room and stood before
him he did not rise, but gazed at her as if
he was dreaming and spoke in a low, ab
stracted tone.
"So you have come back?" he said.
"Yes, I have come back," said Eleanor.
"And these are my two children."
She stood like a statue before him, with
the baby in her arms and the little girl
hiding her face in a frightened way in the
folds of her mothers dress. The autumn
wind howled in the chimney and shook
the branches of the traes in the avenue,
while a dash of rain against the window
added another eound of desolation to the
desolate day.
The Squire pressed the newspaper
firmly down upon his knees and seemed
to awake to the exigencies of the situation.
"I do not know what you have come
bacn for," he said, with a menacing
growl in his voice, "and I suppose j r ou
are aware that you are no daughter of
mme — that I have cast you off forever.' 1
"Yes, I suppose so," said Eleanor,
calmly. "But these are your grand
children. Have you cast them off, too?"
The Squire muttered something which
she could not catch. She was removing
the veil and other wrappings from her
baby's face.
"This is the boy," she said. "I called
him John Carteret, after you. He can
drop the Hervey, if you like, when he is
older. He ought to be provided for, even
if you do not make him your heir. And
this is the girl: Aary, after my mother.
It was a sort of pleasure to me to call my
children by your name and hers."
"Where is your husband?" asked the
Squire, abruptly.
"I do not Jcnow."
"He has left you?"
She met his gaze unflinchingly. "Yes.
He left me — for another woman. He ha->
gone away with her— l don't know where
he has gone. I shall never see him again."
"So — now that you have met with the
due reward of your undutifulness," said
Mr. Carteret bitterly, "you think you can
quarter yourself and your children upon
me, as if you had been the most obedient
daughter in the world !"
"No," she answered, still occupying
herself with the baby's wraps, "no — I do
not. lam going back to London to earn
my living by teaching mu^ic. And, if you
like, I will take Mary— Molly I call her —
back with me. But I can't earn enough
for all three of us. Look at them; they
are much too pale and thin. They will
die of slow starvation in the horrible Lon
don fogs" — there was a note of passion in
her voice — "and I cannot bear to see it
any longer. I have brought them here—
Mrs. Vinton could take care of them — and
Jack is a bie fellow now, nearly 18 months
old; he will flourish in the fine fre3h air
and the dear old country place."
The Squire rose to his feet. He was
moved, but it was evident that he did not
wish to show his emotion. He spoke
hoarsely, and tbe hoarseness made his
voice sound harsh.
'Leave them here, if yon will," he said.
"Jack, as you call him — of course he is my
PICTURESQUE COUNTRY ROAD WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO
FS^HIS picture is from a photograph taken a few hundred feet south of the Almshouse gate. It is a view i
\?l3\ *° de ' igbt al * lovers of nature, notwithstanding it # is only a short distance from the busy life of the
<J*fs metropolis. At this point the beautiful eucalyptus 'trees form an archway overhead, and beneath it 1
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
beir. It is better for him to be brought
up at Moorsbolme. But why should you
go away?"
"I? You told me that I was never to
consider myself your daughter again."
"I don't take back my word. I did not
ask you to consider yourself my daughter,
did I? All I ask of you is to stay and
look after your own children. It would
be better than leaving them to Mrs. Vin
cent."
"1 see. You offer me the post of their
nurse," said Eleanor, a little bitterly.
The Squire brought his hand down on
the table beside him with a resounding
blow.
" it, no!" he cried angrily. "Be
mistress of the house, do anything you
like, only — stay!' 1
He did not offer her forgLveiysss. Well,
she had not asked for it. She stood for a
moment almost stunned by the novelty oi
the proposal. She was to come back to
the old Home, where she had once been
Suddenly the Younger Man Gave Way and Went Down Like a Log.
her father's idol; she was to come bsck
with authority, with a position, with all
the privileges of wealth and station, but
without reconciliation. She was to live as
a stranger in her father's house; a3 its
mistress, perhay>s, as he had said, but
still as a straneer; for the children's sake.
Could she do it? Could she bear to meet
her father every day upon these terms?
Yes, for the children's sake sbe could do
anything. She suddenly felt how hard it
would be for her to leave them; how she
would personally have preferred starva
tion with Molly and Jack to living upon
hor father's charity. For it was charity,
of that she felt sore; charity aud conven
ience — not love.
Nevertheless, for the children's sake,
she would do it. She turned to her father
with pale lips and gleaming eyes.
'•If you wish me to stay with my chil
dren," sbe said, "I will stay."
"Stay, then," growled the Squire, with
rugged emphasis, and turning away from
her he went to the window and looked
out through the rain-washed panes.
Eleanor pressed her baby closer to her
breast and said no more.
Presently the Squire came back from
the window and rang the bell sharply.
"Send Mrs. Vincent here," he said to
the man who appeared. And when Mrs.
Vincent, resplendent in black silK as be
came an old and trusted housekeeper,
entered the room, he turned to her with
a few curt words:
"Mrs. Vincent, here is Mrs. Hervey,
who has come to stay. Please Bee thai
she wants for nothing and make the chil
dren comfortable."
He left the room without a further
glance or word, and Mrs. Vincent
hastened to embrace the children ana to
express, in rather a flattering voice, the
pleasure that it gave her to see her own
dear Eleanor once more.
All this was when Jack was a baby, and
Molly only 4 years old. Since then, three
years had come and gone, but the Squire
and his daughter were not yet reconciled,
although they, lived in the same house,
and saw each other every day.
CHAPTER I.
"It will be a white Christmas this year,"
said old Gaffer Jones, shaking his hoary
| bead.
"And isn't a white one better nor a
green one, Gaffer?" said the landlord of
the George, as he brought his guest a
brimming tankard, and placed it carefully
on the table at the old man's side. "A
green Christmas makes a fat churchyard,
so I've heerd tell."
"I shouldn't think you often had a very
green Christmas in this part of the
world," said a stranger's voice. "It's too
bitterly cold for that."
The men turned their heads and looked
at him. He bad drawn up a chair to the
fire, and sat cowering over it, with his
hands spread out to the blaze. His baclc
was turned to the company, but even his
shoulders looked chilly. His black hair
was wet with melted snow, as much as
could be seen of tha side-face was ghastly
the sunlight and shadows play at hide and seelr. One never tires looking upon the charming scene which
is at the same time novel and picturesque. It is a rare view in a great city, and one which is" as ref'resMrto.
and delightful to the eye as it is odd and unexpected when it first meets the vision of the beholder. g
pale, and his hands shook as he held them
to the fire.
There was b moment's silence. Then
one of the men spoke.
"You be from the south, surely, mas
ter?"
'•Why so?" said the stranger sharply.
"Because srou5 r ou be so weakly like. We
folk i' the north don't feel the cold like
that."
"Weakly!" cried the stranger, suddenly
sitting erect and throwing his long wet
hair back from his ghastly face. There
was a fierce gleam in his eyes. "You're
the first man that has ever said so." He
sprang to his feet, squared his shoulders
and clenched his firsts. "Come on, ev6ry
man of you. You shall feel whether I'm
weakly or not. I've fought half a dozen
men, one after the other, ten times
stronger than any of you. I'm not afraid
of ybu."
Then he dropped back into his chair
and panted for breath. The short gasps
made a painful commentary on his war
like words.
"Steady, lad!" said the landlord at last.
"Nobody wants to fight thee tbat I can
see. Have a drop o' summat to drink, and
don't quarrel wi' peaceable folk like us."
Receiving no answer, he fetched a tum
bler of strong brandy and water and set it
beside the stranger, who turned peevishly
away from him and relapsed into his bend
ing position with his elbows on his knees
and his hands over his face. Seeing that
he did not intend to speak, the company
began to exchange remarks among them
selves on various topics, partly from love
of gossip in general, and partly from a
feeling of delicacy which suggested that
the stranger would feel more comfortable
if he were not noticed. They were not
quick enough to observe that he grad
ually changed his position a little, and
lowered his hands so as to hear better the
conversation that went on. -It would not
have occurred to them that he was likely
to take any interast in their talk about
local things and local people.
"X see the Squoire to-day," said one of
them, puffing a great cloud from his pipe,
"and he say to me, 'It be goin' to be a
white Christina?, Giles. Thee mun look
after the beasts,' says he."
"Ay, Squoire be main takken up wi'
his beasts," said another voice, "but it
raoight be better if he thought less o'
them an' moor of his oan foalk."
"Don't he think of his own folk, then?"
piped a shriller voice. It was that of a
young man newly come to the place, who
sometimes betrayed what his compeers
thought a shocking ignorance of the tra
ditions of the neighborhood.
"Why, surely tha knows, Simon Com
bermere," said one of the older men very
slowly, "that Squoire and his daughter
don't scarce speak, although they live i'
the same house and has their meals at
same table?"
"Eh! you don't say so. And how's
that?" inquired the younger man.
"Miss El'nor married against her fey
ther's will — and that's th' long an' short
o' the matter," said his informant. "A
harum-scarum, good-for-nonght chap by
all I've heer J, an' went off to Amerity
with h?r — "
"Then he's dead, I reckon?" said the
newcomer.
"Doan't go so fast, young man. Dead?
I lay 'twould be a good thihg if he was
dead. Didn't Miss El'nor come back wi'
two bonny children of her own, her man
having run off an' deserted her in Amer
iky ? Thai's what it was ; deserted her, he
did. the ill-doing rogue, and left her to
addle her bread for hersen."
The stranger in the chair before the fire
stirred uneasily; it seemed almost as
though he, too, wanted to ask a question.
Bnt the shrill- voiced young man broke in
before him, and he once more dropped his
face upon his hands.
"Did the Squire let his own daughter
work for her bread, then? Eh, but I don't
wonder that you say he don't care for his
own folk."
"Tha goes so fast, Simon Combermere,"
said Gaffer Jones peevishiy. "I doubt bnt
thy feet isn't so nimble as thy wits, by all
accounts. Hold tha tongue for a bit, and
ail teil tha. Squoire didn't knaw nought
of what his daughter doing till she coom
to the hall wi' the two childr.-n, one in
her arm, an' one clinging on to her gown.
My boy was gardener at the time, and he
see her come. Many's the time he's towd
me — eh, neighbors?"
"That's true, Gaffer," and "En, that's
reet," was echoed in various tones around
the room. Eyidently Gaffer Jones had
some reputation as a narrator.
"And in she goes to Squoire's room, as
my son tells me," continued the old man,
raising his voice a little, "and says to
him: 'Here am I back again, with my
two bonny bairns, an' my leyther'3 the
proper person to take us in.' An' Squoire,
he says:
" 'You may live here wi' your two bairns
if you like, but we hain't friends/ says he,
'any the more for that, an' we'll speak as
little as possible, because I can't forgive
'cc for being such a disobedient daughter
unto me.' "
By what method this story had eot
abroad no one was ever able to ascertain;
perhaps a servantn t had listened at the door,
perhaps the housekeeper had performed
the process known as "putting two and
two together." At any rate this version
of Eleanor; Hervey's relations with her
father had obtained full credit in the vil
lage, and was, on the whole, substantially
correct.
••Tut, tut, tut!" said Simon Comber
mere. "But that do seem a little hard
npon the young lady, do it not?"
"Squoire knaws his oan business beat,"
said Gaffer Jones, loftily. "Miss El'nor
were a fine young woman, but she had a
will of her own and wouldn't hear a word
from any one. It's her turn, maybe, to
bow her head an' feel the touch o' bit an'
bridle now."
"Squire be good to her i 1i 1 th' main, how
ever," said another of the guests. "She's
welcome to th' best of everything in th'
house, and has her way wi' th' servants,
and all."
"And he fair worships th' bairns," said
the landlord. "Many a time I see him go
past, with one or other hanging on to his
hand, and sometimes one on each side.
Young Master JacK now, he can lord it
over every one, same as hi 3 grandf'er,
and Squire likes to see it, too. An' then
Molly, every one knows as she's the very
apple of his eye."
There was apparently a consensus of
opinion that whatever the Squire did was
right. Only the newcomer, Simon Com
bermere, lifted up a piping dissentient
voice.
"Well, it don't seem a Christian-like
thing to me," he said, "that father and
daughter should be at variance like that.
I wonder your parson don't have naught
to say to it. In the parts where I come
from our minister would have been fine
an' put about by a thing like that in his
congregation."
"Ay, you came fro' the south!" drawled
Gaffer Jones in a tone of mild depreca
tion. "They uo things different down
there, am towd. Our parson bain't one
o' th' meddlin' sooart."
Simoii felt himself crushed, but tried
not to show any sign of discomfiture. He
smiled, shooK his head once or twice, then
clapped on his hat and went out with a
general good-night to the company.
"He's a bit flighty, that chap," said one
of the older men, with a solemn tone in
his voice. And an absenting silence fol
lowed, which was broken in an unex
pected way. The stranger turned round
in his cbair and addressed the company
in an abrupt, masterful way.
"You tell line tales of your Squire and
his daughter," he said, "and you s«em to
think the Squire a fine fellow, but it seems
to me tbat he's a barab, tyrannical old
man, who won't abate a jot of his pride
for the sake of his daughter's happiness.
A man like him calls himself a Christian,
does he not? Curse all such Christians,
I say. Is it a Christian thing to be cruel
to your own child ?"
Thera was a stunned pause as the men
laid down their clay pipes and stared at
the speaker, whose pale face worked with
emotion of a kind which they could not
understand. His eyes gleamed strangely
under their thick brows, and a lock of
black hair fell wildly over his forehead.
"You don't answer," said the stranger,
with more vehemence than ever. "It is
because you dare not say what is in your
heart. You are bound hand and foot to
this man, who thinks that it suffices to
give hia daughter board and lodging and
fine clothes, while he closes her heart to
her love. Are you so blind to the real
worth of things — the real value of life?"
His vehemence seemed only to close
their lips. They sat and stared at him as
if they had never heard such words before.
The Vicar was a sleepy old man, whose
sermons were almost inaudible, and no
other means of light ever came to the vil.
lage of Moorsholme.
The stranger's dark eyes ran over the
stolid faces with a look of mingled impa-*
tience and contempt.
"You don't understand me!" he cried ,
almost passionately. "Then I'll speak to
you in another tongue. Let me see if you
will understand it any better!"
They could not imagine what he meant,
and they gaped at him open-mouthed
with astonishment as he dragged an oddly
shaped black case from under the settle at
his side, onened it and produced a violin.
In anoiher moment it was under his chin
and tbe bow was working furiously. It
seemed as he was working off his emotion
by means of the strong, rich chords that
he drew from tbe instrument. He played
a wild, martial, passionate melody, and
the faces of hishearer3 brightened as they
heard it, for they were music-lovers, one
and all, and knew a good performer when
they heard one. And the stranger played
magnificently; there was no doubt of that.
His languor, his fatigue, his look of ill
ness all dropped from him like a garment
as he stood in the center of the room play
iDg with the fury and the fervor of a Paga
nini. Nobody present had ever heard
such music in all their lives before.
By and by he dropped into a minor
key, and bis music became sad and pite
ous, as if it expressed the depths of de
spair too terrible to be put into words.
Then a strain of sweetness stole into the
measure, as if a comforter had appeared
with words of heaiing and of hope. And
gradually it seemed as if the clouds of de
spair and sorrow cleared away, and the
blue sky appeared and the sun shone, and
the birds sang, and the world was full of
love, human and divine. And then by
some touch of art that was prompted per
haps by sympathy, the player glided into
the simplest of all melodics — the tune
which every one knows, and by which
every one has some time or other been
touched to the heart— the melody of
•'Home, Sweet Home." It spoke to these
rough and unlearned men as perhaps no
other strain of music could have done.
Then he stopped abort. The men were
looking down. Gaffer Jones was wiping
away the ready tears of old age with a
snuffy blue handkerchief. The landlord
blew his nose loudly and preparod to offer
consolation to wounded hearts in the
shape of hot brandy and water or warm
spiced beer.
"Don't yon feel it now?" cried the
stranger, lowering his violin. "Don't you
think it a pity tbat a woman should have
no home but one where her father will not
speak to her?"
"Ay, ay, it do seem hard on her," mut
tered one of the men.
"Poor crittur!" Ay, poor soull"
moaned Gaffer Jones.
"We be main sorry for poor Miss
El'nor," said another, "and always have
been, let Squire say what be will."
The stranger broxe into a discordant
laugh, which jarred on his listener's
nerves as if he had drawn his bow at ran
dom over the strings of his violin.
"I haven't lost my power, then !" he ex
claimed, with a toss of his black hair back
from the forehead, where beads of perspi
ration were shining in the lamplight.
"I can still mold the hearts and wills of
men a little to my liking. Good friends,.
1 am glad you are of my way oi thinking,
and I hope your change of mind has done
you good. Landlord, I'll stand drinks
round to the company if you'll allow me.
I wish you good-night, ge nl»men."
And with a low bow, which breathed of*
mocfeery rather than of respect,' he threw
down his violin, tossed a sovereign to the
landlord and went out into the night.
"A strange man, surely," said Gaffor
Jones, shaking his head. "But his gold
rings true. I'll have it steaming hot,
landlord, if it please tha, an' we'll drink
to the health of Squoire, and a better
agreement atween him and his daughter?"
CHAPTER 11.
"What's a white Christmas, grand*
papa?" asked little Molly. Sac always
came in at dessert, and sat demurely be
side the Squire, who plied her with
oranges and raisins, and daintier sweet
meats now and then. She was a fair,
pretty child, with long golden hair and
blue eyes; while five-year-old Jack was
dark as a Spaniard, and not like the Car
terets at ail. The Squire was fond of them
both, but his love for them had no soften
ing influence upon his manner to his
daughter, to whom he was uniformly
harsh and cold.
The villagers were wrong in one re
spect. Mr. Carteret had never left off
speaking to his daughter. He conferred
with her respecting the management of
the house and' children whenever it was
necessary to do so. He spoke to her
about dinner and told her when he ex
pected visitors. But he gave her no ten
derness, uo coniidence. He never met
her eye nor kissed her cheek, never
touched her hand. They lived as
strangers, as if she were the hired house
keeper and he the stern employer. And
this state of things had continued for
three years.
She sat opposite the Squire at table, with.
a big silver ep«rgne between her face aDd
his. A gentle old lady, generally known
as Aunt Maria, sat at the side. The
Squire addressed observations to her from
time to time, and she in her turn occa
sionally conversed with Mrs. Hervey.
The meals were not lively, but they were
decorous. And at breakfast and lunch
and dessert Molly was present to make
things go more easily, and Jack was ex-
I pected to join tho dining-room party as
soon as he was six. The bread that she
ate must sometimes have been bitter to
Eleanor, but she never opened her lips
upon tho subject.
"What's a white Christmas, grand
papa?" Molly asked. '•! heard nurse say
ing to Janet that we should have a white
Christmas this year."
"It means that the snow has begun to
fall, and that by Cnristmas day we shall
have a white carpet of show over all the
ground, Molly," said the Squire.
"It ia white already ; I looked out at the
an ding window, and I could see nothing
but white— white everywhere. But is that
ail?"
There was such a look of disappoint
ment on the child's face that Mr. Carteret
smiled.
"What else did you think it could be?"
he nsked.
Molly hung her head.
"Oh, I don't know." she said, drawing
away Irom him a little. "Indeed, I don't
know. I couldn't tell you; indeed I
couldn't," sho went on, with a iook of
distress.
"Oh, well, well, never mind. Perhaps
you thought the fairies were to lay down
! white velvet everywhere," said the Squire,
jocularly.
"I thought it might be angels," said
Molly, in a very soft voice.
But no one pursued the subject. Aunt
Maria and Mrs. Hervey were not in a
conversational mood, and the Squire had
no particular d?sire to hear about an-ela
except in church. But Eleanor, whose
eye was very watchful for ber child, saw
that something was puzzling little Molly's
mind, «na when the little girl was in bedthe mother came to her, kissed her and
asked what she wanted to know.
"I can't explain exactly," said Molly,
who w.as rather old-fashioned in her ideas
and ways of speaking. "I thought it was
/to be a different kind of Christmas that
| was all."
"What kind of Christmas, darling?"
"Why— different!" said Molly. ° Then
seeing that further explanation' was re
quired she made a desperate effort over
herself and continued: "I thought every
body was going to be good and love each
other and forgive everybody that had done
them any harm— that's what I mean by a
white Christmas. A.l white and clean,
don't you know, mother. Don't you
think it would be nice?"
"Very nice, indeed," said Eleanor with
a sigh.
"Do you think we shall ever have a
Christmas like that, mother?"
"Someday, perhaps."
"Not this Christmas?"
"Ah, no my darling, I fear not."
"Mother!"
"Well, Molly?"
"Didn't you say the other day that God
gave people what they prayed lor, if it was
a right thing for them to have.
'"Yes, my darling; but we don't always
know what is the right thing."
"But it must be the right thing for
people to be good and love one another,"
said Molly, logically; "so that if you ana
I, mother, were to try and prpy very hard,
don't you thinK the white Christmas
might come?"
"It might, Molly, perhaps." But there
was a dull despair in Eleanor's tone.
What whiteness of love and forgiveness
was likely to come into her life again?
"We'll try, mother," said Molly, with
sanguine anticipation in her tone. And
the mother could not but kiss her and teil
her to go to sleep, and that everything
i^ould be made right in God's own time.
j| "Bnt I may ask him?" she asked a little
*.inxiously.
"Oh, yes, dearest, ask him— ask him by
all means. Ah, ye 3, pray, Molly— pray
that there may be a white Christmas some
day for your grandfather and me."
There was a tone in her voice which
Molly scarcely understood, but she fell
asleep with a certain gratification in feel
ing that her mother sympathized with her
and would pray fora white Christmas too.
As Eleanor passed an uncurtained win
dow in the corridor she looked out and
saw that it had stopped snowing. The
sky had cleared a little and the starlight
threw a faint radiance which was caught
and reflected by the snow. As she looked
out she saw" a man's dark figure crossing
the avenue, and <he caught her breath in
astonishment. Who could it be? It was
too slight and tall for her father, and she
did not think it likely that any of the
gardeners or stablemen would be out at
that hour. Instead of going to her room
she ran downsiairs and spoke to the butler.
"Is your master in the library?"
"No, ma'am; he has gone out."
"Gone out — on a night like this?"
''It is not snowing now, ma'am. Mr.
Carteret thought he saw some one in the
avenue, so he went out to look. He woula
not allow any one to accompany him,
ma'am."
So her father had also seen the black
fignre crossing the snow.
Eleanor knew that it was almost useless
to await his return. She dared not ask
him whether he had seen the man, or
whether he had met with any adventure
at all. She was not on terms with him to
speak unless he spoke to her. It was a
miserable state of things. For she loved
her father in spite of all.
She lingered in the breakfast-room, near
the hall door, in order to see him come in
and make sure that no harm had hap
pened to him. He did uot appear for
) nearly an hour, and she had grown j
nervous and apprehensive before his re
turn. She had put out the gas, and
watched him unseen as he entered.
Surely, she thought, something was
amiaal His step seemed unusually heavy
.•and' slow; his head and shoulders were
bent; there was a/grim, dark look upon
.his face. He went to the library and
Jpcked himself in, while Eleanor crept
; . : softly upstairs to bed. There was a strange
loreooding at her heart.
The Squire had gone to the front door
to look at the sky and predict the weather,
as is the way of country gentlemen. The
butler held the door open, and Mr. Car
teret stood on the doorsill, remarking on
tiia clearness ox the sky. when he, like
Eleanor, saw a dark figure cross the
avenue.
"Who, can that be?" he said quickly.
"One of the men, I expect, sir."
"What are the men doing on this side of
the house at this hour? It looks as if
there were something wrong," said the
Squire. "Give me my hat and coat,
Robert; I'll take a stroll down the avenue
myself.' 1
GHOJUJS: "OH, ji\?, JiOOjyiy FOR G^RISTM/\5 DAY~/WD WELL ALL BE MEppy AND ALL BE Q/\Y."
"Shall I follow you, sir?" said Robert, i
uoubtfully.
"No, no; keep indoors; you'll catch
cold," said the Squire, who could be genial
I enough with his dependants when he
I chose. "It's quite line; I'll just walk
down the avenue and back again. You
can shut the door."
He descended the steps, and the hall
door closed behind him, for Robert was
only too glad to exclude the fresh, cool
air.
For some little distance he saw nothing
unusual; then he remarked footsteps in
the snow, and saw that they tended to the
! outer gate. He tracked them one by one
in the faint starlight, and they led him at
last to a spot where stood the dark tijrure
which he was certain that he had seen j
from the front door. Yes, there it stood,
leaning against the gate, and not moving
j in the very least as the Squire approached.
"Halloa! W r ho's there? What are you
doing?" cried Mr. Carteret, involuntarily
lifting the stick that be carried in his
hand, although with no ill intent.
"There is no need to strike me, Mr. Car
teret," a voice came out of the darkness to
say. "You can make your daughter's life
miserable as much as you like, and no
body interferes with you ; but it is a differ
ent matter when you come to deal with
men."
"Who the devil are yout" exclaimed
the Squire. He lowered bis stick and
peerea into the darkness. "Do I know
you?"
"I don't suppose you do," said the man,
indifferently. He stepped out of the
shadow and showed the Squire the pale
face and glaring eyes of the stranger who
had played the violin in the kitchen of
the George. "Now do you know me?"
"Not in the least."
"I am your daughter's husband — Lance
lot Hervey."
"Then you are the greatest scoundrel
unhanged!" said Mr. Carteret in a tone of
furious anger. "You stole my daughter
from me by your arts, sir, and when you
had taken her to a foreign country and
burdened her with the care of two chil
dren you deserted her, miserable ruffian
that you are! Deserted her for another
woman, and left her to starve ! Defend |
yourself if you can— l'll give you three j
minutes to do it in or to get off my land —
or I'll thrash you within an inch of your
life."
"No need to do that," said the man,
quietly. "I'm at death's door already, j
It's just that which brought me here, Mr.
Carteret. I want to see my wife before I
die. I'll answer to her and not to you for
any harm I've done. But I'll tell you one j
thing. If 1 have ever injured her I've not j
been as cruel to her as it seems you are
yourself and have been ever since Bhe
came home to you."
"I don't know what you have heard or
what you mean," said the Squire; but
bis tone, although gruff, was a trifle
subdued.
"I've heaTd this," said Lancelot Hervey;
"I've heard that you have never forgiven
her for running away with me, that you
never epeak to her, that you treat her
with colduess and scorn, so that all the
world knows it and speaks of it. I heard
of it in a public place; it. was a matter of
common talk in your own village. Do
you call that sort of treatment anything
less than cruelty?'
"Not one fatbor in a hundred, would be
as cenerous to her as I ha7e been," said
the Squire, condescending to answer the
accusation, rather against bis will.
"Generous! You think that's the same
thing? You think generosity will satisfy a
woman's heart and soul? I came here to
look at Eleanor, and, if she was happy, to
go away again without a word. I find
that the very yokels in the alehouse des
cant on the misery of her iife. Do you
know what that means tome? It means
that I shall stay here and see her and ask
her to come away with rae^gain. I may
have been thoughtless, I may have been
cruel even, but she would be happy, liv
ing her own life with me, rather than
suffering perpetually from her father's
anger and caprice."
"You insult me, sir. It is for you to de
fend yourself, not to accuse me."
"If I defend myself at all it will be to
Eleanor."
"You will not see Eleanor."
"I will see my wife, even if I have to
force my way to her."
"You will not see her without my con
sent, and that I shall not give."
"Tyrant to the last!" cried Hervey, bit
terly. "Will it make any difference in
your eyes if I teil you that I am dying?
That I wish to ask her forgiveness? That
I am on my way to a warmer climate, and
that I risk my short span of life even by
coming here to-night? And yet I must
see her — "
"Go back to the inn," said the Squire,
rather "hoarsely. "I will tell her that you
are here; the can come to see you if she
likes."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
"I will see her now," cried Hervey, with
j one of those sudden bursts of impulsive
rage which bad been his bane through
life; and with a sudden, swift movement
he tried to pass the Squire, who barred his
•way. But the Squire would not budge.
In another moment the two men were
wrestling together as if for life; and they
were more equally matched than one
might have imagined, for the Squire,
though old, wa3 muscular, and Hervey
bad the strength of feverish passion. But
such a struggle could not last very long.
Suddenly the younger man gave way and
went down like a log— as It seemed to Mr.
Carteret, without any especial violence on
his part. Down he went into the snow,
which had drifted into a bank by the
| path, and a mass of snowdrift fell over
and across him, as if it meant to bury the
prostrate form from sight. Ana Hervey
aid not move.
The Squire, becoming suddenly ashamed
of his vehemence and alarmed at his son
in-law's stillness, drew near and peered
down into his face. A horrible thought
seized him. Was the man dead? And
dead, by the Squire's own act? He had
{ never thought of himself as capable of
committing a crime, but now it flashed
across him that he might be guilty of
murder if Lancelot Hervey died.
Not a movement, not a gesture, not a
sign! The man's face was rigid; his
glazed eyes showed faintly between the
half-closed lids; the mouth had fallen
open. Mr. Carteret felt his heart, but it
seemed to have ceased to beat. There was
no stir of pulse at his wrist, no throb at
his tempies, no faintest nutter of life or
breath. After a long examination the
Squire rose painfully to his feet. He had
seen death before— he could not be mis»
taken in its signs.
"I will fetch help," he said to himself.
"I will go to the stables — surely somebody
will be about Or no, I will go to the
lodge; but it is too late to do anything —
too late— too late!"
He took a few steps along the road, and
then a new thought came to him which
made him hesitate. The man was cer
tainly dead. If the Sqnire went for help
he would only arouse curiosity — suspicion,
I even. Would Eleanor suspect him of I
! having brought her husband to his death ?
What was the use of going for help at ail?
John Carttret went bacfc to the dead
man's side. Yes, he was dead. He was
rigid already. He was past the power of
i help. Tho best thing, therefore, was to
leave him where he was. The gardener
or the lodgekeeper would tind him in the
morning and nobody would hear more
i than that a stranger had been found dead
i in the snow, just inside the Squire's ave
nue. It was the easiest way to say noth
ing — to do nothing.
And so the Squire walked slowly back to
the housj and entered it with bent
shoulders and banging head, as Eleanor
had remarked from her vantage-point
within the door of the little darkened
room. And it was the last thing that she
was likely to suspect— that he had left her
husband's dead body by the wayside, in
the snow.
CHAPTER 111.
Mr. Carteret could not sleep that ni^ht.
It seemed to him at every moment as
though he saw the prostrate iorm, the
rigid features of the man whom he had
always considered his enemy, and the
blunting recurrence of whose face now
gave him intolerable pain. He could not
help remembering that Eleanor had once
loved this man, and the rememorance
added bitterness to his thoughts.
For what rigut had he to prevent a
meeting between the husband and wife?
He had not been so tender a father him
self that he should dread the pain for
Eleanor, or even resent the way in which
Hervey had treaied her. Surely it would
only have been fair to allow him to plead
his own cause, and to take her away— if
she would consent to go— from the place
in which she had been miserable.
For she had been miserable — he knew
that now. He knew very well that every
line of her face breathed unhappiness;
that she had grown pale and thin; ana
that her beauty was well-nigh worn away
with secret fretting and with tears. He
knew it, and yet it seemed to him as if he
had never acknowledged it until now.
Lancelot Hervey's words had shown him
the aspect which his conduct must wear
in the sight of others. And he did not
like the aspe'et at all.
To think of it as a kind of "cruelty"
went home to him with curious sharp
ness. He had always considered that
he was behaving extremely well to
Eleanor. But what would she say
now if she knew that he had carried
his harshness and hardnesß of heart
ro far as to deny her husband access
to her, and afterward to wrestle with him,
to fight witn him— it had an ugly sound—
until he fell to the earth dead ! These
were the thoughts that troubled him all
through the night, and drove him out in
the early morning to the avenue gate,
near which he bad left the body of Lance
lot Hervey the night before.
He was out before Heht, remembering
dismally as lie went down the avenue that
it was the morning of Christmas eve and
I that a strange Christmas would be the
[ one that dawned for him on the morrow.
AH Christmas joy had been put away
from him by his own hand. True, he had
had little of it during the past few years,
but he had taken a certain kind of pleas
ure in tb« joy of those around him, aad
he had been loosing forward to the de
light of his grandchildren in the day's
festivities. Now he felt as if their laugh
ter, their merry words, would pierce him
to the heart.
He reached the spot where Lancelot
Hervey had fallen and at once he stood
aghast. There was no trace of him left.
Snow had fallen heavily during the night
and had drifted higher than ever up the
bank already formed. The mound was
white and smooth ; no hand or foot could
hnvo touched it for many hours. And the
frost had deepened steadily, so that the
bank of anow was almost as hard as stone.
The Squire stood and looked at it in
dismay. If Lancelot Hervey were still
there he must be a foot or two deep under
the snow. And it would take a spade to
get him out. unless the snow melted, and
snow heaped up in that manner was not
very likely to melt. -Mr. Carteret remem
bered that one year a bank of drifted
snow did not melt for full six weeks.
What could he do? What excuse could
he make for having the snow removed — a
thing which we had never done before?
Of course if it were carted away the body
would be discovered— a ghastly discovery—
a ghastly Bight. The Squire turned sick
at the idea.
Perhaps, however, some one had seen
the body already and carried it away. In
that case the Squire wouldn't hear of it
directly. Any evtnt of importance in the
village was always brought to his notice,
and if s. stranger had been found dead in
the snow he was sure to have a report of
the death before very long. He resolved,
therefore, to go home and wait for a few
I hours before giving any orders al-out the
snow. If no case of sudden death were
* brought to his notice before the day was
out, he should know that Hervey still
lay beneath that heap of snow, and he
would take measures accordingly.
But he coald not face Eleanor at break
fast. He felt that he had wronged her too
much. He went back to his own room
and feigned some slight indisposition
which prevented him from breakfasting
with the rest of the family. Later in the
day he descended to his study and sat
there doing nothing, anxiously awaiting
the notification that he expected of the
sad and sudden death of a stranger in
the snow. But he heard nothing of the
kind.
"Anything going on, Stevens?" he
could not help inquiring nervously of the
bailiff, who came to him in the course of
the morning, and Stevens answered stol
idly :
"Nothinz whatsomever, sir.
Aunt Maria came to see what was the
matter when she found that he did not
appear at luncheon, but he sent her away
rather fretfully. A glas< of wine and a
biscuit were ail he required, he said. And
he did not wish to be disturbed.
"I am ture your father is ill, dear," said
Aunt Maria to Eleanor, in a tone of
anxious foreboding. "Or else something
is wrong."
"I hope not," said Eleanor. And it
added yet another to the many pangs she
had to endure, that she could noi go to
her father and ask for his confidence.
At dusk little Molly, who knew nothing
oi her grandfather' 3 desire to be alone,
stole into the study, and stood beside his
chair.
"Are you better, grandpapa, dear? Shall
you be ready for the Christmas tree to
night?"
"Is that you, Molly?" s-aid the Squire in
a curiously shaken voice. "Come here,
child, let me feel you. I have been dream
ine, I think."
She climbed upon his knee instantly and
without the slightest fear.
"You'll 'be well enough to come to the
tree, won't you?" she asked.
"The tree, my dear?"
"The Christmas tree, grandpapa. It is
going to be lovely, and there are presents
for every one— rhere'll be a present for
you, grandpapa, so you must come."
The grandfather sighed, and drew the
child a little closer to his breast.
"You mustn't sigh, grandpapa. That's
like mother; she does sigh such a great
deal! If we get the white Christmas, I
shouldn't think you would want to sigh
any more."
"What do you mean, my darling?"
"I mean the white Christmas inside,"
said Molly, quaintly. "Love and forgive
ness and goodness everywhere, you snow,
grandpapa. It's what mother and me
have agreed to pray for, so that we may
have a white Christmas all over the
world, as well as at Moorsholme."
"Have we got it at Moorsholme ?'' asked
the Squire, and choked a little at the
thought.
However, he came to the Christmas
tree that night and was quieter and gen
tler than, was his wont, and spoke once tb
Eleanor of his own accord, in such an al
tered voice that she wa3 startiea and
thought, like Aunt Maria, that he must
be ill; and jvhen the presents were all
given and the lights out Molly came to
him to say good-night, and said as she
clasped him tightly round the neck:
"Haven't we had a nice evening, grand
papa? Don't you think the White Christ
mas is coming very quick?"
He tried to answer, but at this moment
his eye met Eleanor's and the words upon
his lips died away. There was a question
in her face and what seemed to him an
unspoken reproach. He kissed the little
girl, put her down and turned hurriedly
away; but before he reached the di or of
the room he had come to a new resolve.
"Eleanor," he said, over his shoulder, in
a strangely hoarse and unnatural tone,
"Eleanor, come here."
She started, and her face twitched, and
she moved forward silently. He took her
by the hand and led her away to his
study. And those who saw the action
gasped and stared, because it was the first
sign of real Kindness that the Squire had
shown his daughter since she fled from
his house to marry Lancelot Hervey.
Eleanor accompanied him with a feeling
of one in a dream. But by the time she
faced him in the study she was white as
death. She wrenched her hand away and
spoke sharply, almost wildly.
"There is something wrong!" she cried
out. "You would not be so Kind if you
had not bad news for me. What is it?
What is it, father? Is — my husband —
dead?"
"God help me, I fear he is," groaned the
Squire, hurrying away from her.
"Why do you say 'God help me'? Why
do you fear that he is dead?"
"Because, Eleanor, my dear — " and
Mr. Carteret came toward her again and
took her by both hands— "l am to blame —
to blame, perhaps, for his death."
"Father!"
"Forgive me if you can, my child. I
little thought to have to ask your forgive
ness. But what can I do? Your own little
daughter, with her words of love and for
giveness and charity — "
And then the Squire broke down. He
scarcely knew what happened, until he
found himself In the armchair, with his
hands before his face, and Eleanor kneel
ing beside him— just as she ussd to kneel
in her girlish days, with one arm round
his neck, and the other resting upon bis
knee.
"Father, don't grieve in that wav! 'Tell
me the worst; I can bear it. Is Lancelot
dead?"
"I fear so, Eleanor."
"But why do you say you fear? Do you
not know?"
"Eleanor — he was living yesterday."
"Living — yesterday ?" she echoed. "How
do you know that?"
"My child, he came here. . . . and
I refused to let him see you. 1 thought it
wa3 for the be3t. Forgive me if you can."
There was a pause. And then she said,
"Oh, father! " in a tone of such agony
that the Squire involuntarily winced.
But he did not shrink from the task he
had set himself.
"He came here last night," said Mr.
Carteret. "I saw him cross the avenue
and I went out to 100k — "
"Ah! I saw him, too," breathed
Eleanor, with her hand on her heart.
"We met beside the avenue gate. And
there — he pleaded with me for you,
Eleanor. He said he wished to see you, to
explain the past to you, to ask your for
giveness. He told me that I had been
cruel to you, more cruel than he had ever
been. I never meant to be cruel to you,
Eleanor; I thought I was only just—"
"Oh, father, never mind tfcat; only tell
me what became of Lancelot — my Lance
lot."
All the woman's heart was in that cry.
But before the Squire couid answer an
interruption came, and in a most unex
pected way.
It was the rule of the house that no one
entered the Squire's study without pre
vious announcement, but on this occa
sion a visitor who had but a short
time before entered the house walked
straight into the room with the look of
one who meant to have his way. It was
the village doctor, and as soon as he ap
peared Mr. Carteret started from his
chair with the conviction that in some
way or another the hour of his doom had
come.
"I have an important communication to
you, Mr. Carteret,'' he said, "and I fear it
must be made at one. Can you spare me
two minutes?" ,■>  , " j ' •;
"We know it— we : know it," said the
Squire, shading his bead. And Eleanor
put j her band upon, the little doctor's
arm. /•-.- ->..■- .■.-■/
./ "Does '.: it , concern .my husband?" she
asked. "Have you ' news of * him— a mes
sage," perhaps— for me?" 'V -.■ ; '^' 1
"'lf yo\> are anxioas for a message ; from
him, Mrs. Hervey, I am reassured," said
the tor. ?^^^few^^^K^i^^^[^^^
1 "Reassured?"
"Listen for a moment, and let me tell
you what '; happened to' me ■- last night. I
was driving up the lane past : your gates,
quire, and gbinz slowly enough on ac
count or the heavy snow, when I caught
sight of a figure lying in the drift just.in
side your gates. I knew that to* be there
was certain death, so I pot down and went
to look at him, and found—" ■
"That he was dead," the Squire inter
rupted, hoarsely. "I knew it; I was just
telling my daughter when you cama in."
"No such thing," said Mr. Thorpe, very
briskly. "He was not dead at all. He
had fallen backward in a curious catalep
tic seizure, to which he has been occa
sionally subject—"
"It was Lancelot! Lancelot!" cried
Eleanor, with clasped hands. ;..
"It was a Mr. Lancelot Hervey, cer
tainly. I got him into my -trap with
some difficulty, and drove him to my
house, where he. very soon recovered con
sciousness. He told me"— with a keen
glance at the Squire— "his wnole story;
and I have come to-night to plead — if I
may say so — his cause."
"You mean— that be— that he— is still
living?" said Mr. Cartaret, tremulously.
;.;.' "Certainly, and ' much better. He was
afraid some rumor of his appearance and
illness might come to Mrs. Hervey's ears,
and he asked me to see you both to-night,
arid to ask you— well, I don't know exactly
what I was to ask you, but I think I may
venture to remind you, Squire, as an old
friend, that to-morrow is Christmas day,
when our parsons tell us that feuds should
end and enmities ,ba buried, and some
thing of the nature of love and peace
should enter our hearts, eh?"
■ "A White Christmas," said the Squire,
almost inaudib'y; then, as Mr. Thorpe
looked at him curiously, he added, with
emphasis: "I am only too glad, sir, to
know that I was mistaken when I thought
Mr. Hervey dead. I should like to see
him myself as soon as possible ; but as for
my daughter, she must speat for herself—
and for him."
"Oh, take me to my husband," Eleanor
cried, and it was plain from her words
that her love for Lancelot Hervey had
been sleeping only and was not destroyed.
And when the doctor went on to tell her,
very gently, that although he was living
he was very ill, and would require great
care if he was to survive the winter, she
only became doubly anxious to see him
and to assure him of her undying love.
As for the Squire he was so repentant and
so much relieved that he would have been
willing to take his son-in-law to his arms
and heart without any explanation of the
past at all.
But .Lancelot insisted upon telling his
story in his own way, and it soon became
plain to every one concerned that he had
been maligned by his enemies and mis
judged. He had quarreled with Eleanor,
but he had not been false to her; and al
though he had found it difficult to con
quer his wounded pride sufficiently to ask
her to forgive him for his carelessness of
her feelings, be had at last set out upon a
search for her which serious illness
alone ' had precluded from' an earlier
success. There was nothing for husband
and wife to do but mutually to forgive
each other, and to rest content in the
knowledge that whether their, lives were
long or short nothing but death could
part them again.
Little Molly awoke to a new world on
Christmas day — a white world within and
without, for the snow lay thick and white
' over field and wold, ana the hearts of
those who were dearest to her were' white
with the mantle of forgiveness and
charity.
So, as ' the Squire said, with, a new
gleam in his eye and a new tenderness in
his genial smile,, it was the best white :
Christmas that he had ever known.
Copyright, 1896. .
An unknown man in Westville. Conn.,
sent thirty cents in postage stamps to the
Treasury Department recently as a con
science contribution. He states, that while
guarding commissary stores during the
war, he took from sugar barrels at various
times many lumps of sugar, the value of
which, with interest since that time, he
computes at thirty cents, ;
•—»• — » «
""-.; The longest i distance to which a projec
tile has been thrown was at Shoeburyness
Eng.. on April 15, 1888, when a Longgridge
wire-bound gun threw a shot 21,358 yards,
or twelves miles 238 yards.
GEMS FROM THE POETS.
Jhe Old Man's Ghristmas.
I've always beeti a stickler for tho plain and
simple truth
And I never quite could tolerate a lie ;
But is it right to disappoint the glowing hopes
of youth?
And is ft always wreng to falsify?
I believe I'm strictly honest— and my Hair hat
turned -to gray-
But, Sir, I speak exactly as I feel
When I answer childish queries, and emphat
ically, I say.
That I still believe old Santa Claus is real.
Experience has taught me, sir, that what we
say is "real" —
Xo matter what we wish, or think, or do —
Is affscted very largely by tho way we chance
to feel-
It depends entirely on the point of view.
I once believed that loyalty and love would
ever last;
I thought no one my bappines3 could steal;
Since ttren like fleeting phantoms those "reali
ties" have passed.
To-day I say thai. Santa Claus is real.
Frank S. Pixlit.
The Qiar\t Wolf.
The giant wolf, the woodland wolf,
Strode southward down the wind,
And the gale yelled keen and the moon
gleamed green,
And the little stars blinsed blind.
The seething snow-snakes twined before
And hissed through the knotted grass,
And he heard overhead the sheeted dead,
That dance in the whirlwind, pass.
His shag gray locks roughed with the wind,
His white teeth fanged with wrath;
Now God be good to the man whose blood
He smells before his path!
Now God be good to the man whose feet
On the snow-blind, swirling way
Shall meet the blaze of his hungry gaze
And the snarling fangs that slay.
And happy he that sits at home,
Where tne corn-fire smolders warm.
When alone in the white of the whirling night
The gray wolf walks the storm.
Herbert Bates
Our Baby's Shoe.
We had some bitter words, my wife and I,
About some trivial thing— l made her cry.
Too bad— it left us sadder than before.
Till through the shadow of an open door
Our spaniel, Hector, came and gently laid
There on the carpet where a sunbeam strayed
A tiny burden. Ah, how well we knew
That little worn-out thing— our baby's shoe.
Our little one, our darling, ours no more
Since God had beckoned from the other shore
And now this treasure from its hiding-place
Came like the memory of our baby's face.
Blindly we found it through a haze of tears;
iione was our anger, gone our doubts and fears.
Each in soft pity for the other's pain,
Love touched our hearts and gave us peace
Waldron W. Anderson
again.
Marriage.
Love springs as lightly from the human heart
As springs the lovely rose upon the brier,
Which turns the common hedge to floral fire.
As lovo wings time with rosy- feathered dart;
But marriage is the sublimest work of art
Of all the arts which lift the spirit higher;
The incarnation ot the heart's desire—
Which masters time— set on man's will apart
The many try ; but, oh ! how few are they
To whom the finest of the arts is given,
Which shall teach Love, the rosy runaway,
To bide from bridal mom to brooding even;
Yet this— this only— is the narrow way
By which, while yet on earth, we enter
Mathilde Blind
heaven.
Woodspurge.
Dark, thinned, beside the wall of stone
The box dripped in the air;
Its odor through my house was blown
Into the chamber there.
Remote, and yet distinct the scent,
The sole thing of the kind;
As though one spoke a word half meant
That left a sting behind.
I knew not Grief could go from me,
And naught of it be plain,
Except how keen the box can be
After a fall of rain I
LIZETTE WOODWORTH REESE,
A Doubt.
. You say you love me now. No doubt
" ' You think you do; you may be right.
The winds of summer olow without,
And all is life and light. :
But in the dim days yet to be,
And under their wan skies with rain,
- Might not the heart you ask of me
Throb only with its pain?
Will love be then one-half so sweet?
Or life a rapture that endures?
Or will it pass with flying feet.
'■ This dream of mine ana yours?
And if love dies new hopes and fears
Make a new life for men apart
We women only see through tears
The shipwreck of a heart!
•—• — * — •
The most cos tly tomb in existence is
that which was erected to the memory of
Mohammed. ■' Tie diamonds and rubies
used -in the decor a ona are worth two
million pounds.
2324
MINES AND MINING IN CALIFORNIA'S RICH DOMAIN
Material Increase ir\ Qold Production ar\d ar\ /\Waker\irvg ir\ tKe Joining Industry of tke
State Is SKoWn for tke Year Tkat Is Glosing
i?*5vHE years 1896 closes with the show-
ing of a considerable increase in
jlftf California gold production and an
awakening in the gold-mining industry of
the State that has filled it with life, hope
and confidence such as has not been
known for many years.
The year 1897 opens with brighter pros
pects for every community and industry
connected with gold-mining than has ap
peared for a generation and with a
promise that the year will bring a steady
and rapid acceleration of the new devel
opment and an increase in the produc
tion that will far exceed the increase In
Attempts to estimate the State's gold
production for 1896 can at this date be lit
tle better than fairly inteligent guess
work. The Mint and Wells, Fargo & Co.
are the only agencies that make any at
tempt at an original and careful estimate
of the gold product. The express com
pany formulates after the first of the year
a total estimate for the State based on its
treasure shipments; The Mint does not
begin its investigations until after Jan
uary 1. few mining companies give pub
lic information about their production,
much bullion goes elsewhere than to the
Mint and the most experienced observers
who are most broadly in touch with this
industry can but formulate opinions at
this time. The figures will be known in
March when long and careful investiga
tions by the statistician of tho Mint are
ended.
Charle3 G. Yale, statistician of the Mint
and Mining Bureau, judges that the year
wiil show an increase of about $1,500,000
over the $15,334,317 for 1895. Other high
authorities place the increase at between
$3,000,000 and $4,000,0C0, making the total
production for 1896 approximate $19,000,
-000.
These figures, however, are not an ex
ponent of the remarkable development of
the mining industry in this State during
the year, and they are no criterion for the
production of 1897. These figures of the
product of 1596, whatever they may be, do
not tell of the boom in gold mining that
has thrilled the State, turned millions of
capital in this direction, repopulated
scores of deserted mining towns, awak
ened prosperity and injected new life into
every industry that depends upon mining-.
Tbe reason is that the prospectors, the
miners and the money that have produced
the activity which began a year and a half
asro and marked the year now closing have
been engaged in but developing old and
new mining properties which have not yet
reached the point of production, but whose
output wiil be felt in 1897 and more in
1898.
California is just beginning to partake
of a world-wide boom in gold-mining.
Never before in the history ot tbe world
was the search for gold so universal and
intense. Capital the world over is turn
ing to the gold fields of every zone and
continent. O.d fields are becoming new
and new ones are being sought. During
the past two years South Africa hns been J
the greatest field and London has poured j
her millions into it. Australia has found
new life and gives great promises. Lon
don is taking up New Zealand. From
Mexico, Central and South America re- I
ports of mining development and enter
"prises come constantly. Experts are
beiug sent to the undeveloped fields of
Siberia, Korea and China.
The present new mining activity in Cal
ifornia is thus part of an activity that is
universal. Several reasons for it might
be given. There are eood practical ones,
but perhaps the chief is a psychic one.
The movement is another illustration of
ti.e contagion of ideas, the "men Ul sug
gestion" which eives universality to
tendencies in business affairs as
well as in religion, philosophy and so
cial life at different periods. Large capi
talists have flocked after others into the j
gold fields the world over. Small capi
talists have flocked after their neighbors.
Poor men have flocked to prospect be
cause others were doing it, and they have
gone where the most people were prospect
ine. The spirit, of gold-mining has got
abroad, and more and more people hanker
for gold mines. A spirit of great enter
prise and boldness marks mining opera- I
lions more and more.
Special and adequate causes will be
found contributing to this widespread j
A Graphic Showing of the World's Gold Production in 1895 According; to the Figures in the Accompanying Text.
pffect, but it will be seen to be largely a
"tendency"' marking a period which at its
beginning promises to be historical for a
vast increase in the world's gola produc
tion. The working of this contagion of
impulse may be observed here. Five
years ago if a Front- street merchant were
asked to invest in a mine he would say
that he never gambled. Few outside of
mining men would consider a mining
proposition for an instant. Now half of
Front street is turning money into Cali
fornia mines. Not only are, the large
merchants of San Francisco rapidly tak
ing stock in new mining companies, but
professional "men, small merchants about
the City, and clerks are" doing the same
thing. Hundreds of unemployed or
poorly employed have gone prospecting
to the mountains or deserts or are pre
paring to do so in the spring. There is a
similar turning to the gold fields by
millionaires and paupers throughout the
State. All this is largely because the
thrill — because the fever has risen.
One and two years ago South Africa and
Australia were the centers of the gold ex
citement and attention was just turning
to California. The great discoveries and
operations of the Rand had accelerated
and broadened the English investments in
gold mines, made the attention of capital
easier to win and stimulated the seeking
for new fields for investment. As Calilor
nia had always led in gold production the
attention of willing foreign investors
easily turned this way. Thus began an
influx of foreign capital, contributing a
large stimulus to the industry.
Auother cause was the drop in the price
of silver and the closing of silver mines.
Silver-miners turned to gold-mining ana
began coming to California in search of
promising investments. This helped start
Eastern capital thitherward, brought en
terprise to the State and afforded another
galvanic current for tbe industry here.
The cheapening of mining processes has
also been a very important factor in this
revival, and it is one of the features of the
year's operations. Various recent im
provements in mining machinery and ap
pliances have made them more efficient
and operations more economical. The
cyafcide process of treating refractory ores,
tailings, etc., is just coming into success
ful use here, yielding large profit in the
worKing of certain ores which could not
be worked by the older methods and in
creased profits from ores to which the
process is adapted. Cheaper power in
abundance with the aid of electrical
plants has had its share to do with the
boom. The installation of power-trans
mission plants in mining regions has
been a feature of the year, and the rapid
development of these will be a notable
feature of the coming year. The water
power of the Sierras is being distributed
by wires among the mines about and
above the streams, giving cheaper pi mts
and cheaper power. This recent cheapen
ing of mining operations makes possible
the working of low-grade ores in new or
abandoned mines, makes more profitable
the working of all mines and generally
contributes encouragement to the in
dustry.
The impulse to turn to gold-mining
thus meets stimulating conditions.
Everything goes easier now. The pros
pector who has a promising claim can
now easily sell it or get the assistance of
capital to develop it. Partly developed or
paying mines can be more easily sold,
and the money from such sales is apt to
go right into the development of other
properties. It is easier lor men to turn to
mining investments and easier to find
them.
The capital that has gone into gold
mining in California during the year may
be classified as Eastern, foreign and Cali
fornian. The Eastern investors are the
most conservative. The Eastern money
mainly goes into developed and paying
properties and thus contributes little to
the development of the gold resources of
the State, except indirectly through the
purchase money being turned to the de
velopment of other mines, as is apt to be
the case. The foreign capital is generally
willing to take larger risks, but insists on
a degree of development or a showing that
makes the risk a pretty safe and promis
ing one. The ones who are doing most
for the development of our gold re
sources are the capitalists of this State,
and especially of San Francisco. Since
Califoriiians have taken hold of gold
mining they nay been the most willing
to take risks. They are the ones most
ready to take hold of mere prospects and
develop them.
There is no basis for an intelligent esti
mate of the amount of capital that has
been invested in the California gold fields
during the year, but the figures, if known,
would express millions. A large amount
| of European capital has been invested,
and, with the deals now under considera
tion, the amount will undoubtedly be
much more in 1897. A large proportion of
the Eastern capital invested has gone into
the great development in Southern Cali
fornia which has marked the year. The
heavy investors among San Franciscans
include such men a3 Senator Perkins, W.
W« Montague, Johu Rosenfeld and his
sons, George W. McNear, Baker & Ham
ilton and other prominent downtown
merchants. Some of these men have in
vested $100,000 each during the past year.
Many new companies are being formed
with capital of Irom $1000 to $5000.
Smaller sums invested by a great number
of people aggregate a large amount. The
fact that Californians are taking hold so j
vigorously is one of the most interesting
and promising features of the situation.
They display the boldest enterprise and
deserve ereat credit.
The present development Is mainly con
cerned with the region of the mother lode
stretching for about 100 miles through the |
old mining counties, from El Dorado to
Mariposa. Here a new era of deep mm- '
ing of quartz veins has beeun. It takes !
from one to three years and a ereat deal of
money to develop adequately one of
those mines, and this is why the output
has not been more largely increased after
the great revival of activity which has
marked the year and the investment of
millions. Few large properties upon
which developments have proceeded are
yet open. For example, in Amador
County alone $2,000,000 is being spent on
about ten properties in the way of devel
opment. The owners know that these
mines will pay, and so they are sinking
shahs, opening up ore bodies and erecting
mills of from twenty to fifty stamps.
These mines wnen opened and working,
together with smaller mines being devel
oped, will double the output of Amador
County. So nil along the mother lode bic
mines are being purchased and developed,
and miners are swarming into the region
conducting operations on every scale from
that of the poor prospector to that of the
great London Exploration Company.
« During all the years that mining rather
languished in this State it was universally
and confidently said that we had but
scratched the surface of the California
gold fields -and that the tremendous sum
of treasure which the State had yielded in
the past was but a small fraction of the
amount yet buried in its hills. Now
works aro giving life to the faith. It has
been realized that along the mother lode
the veins do not pinch out a little way
from the surface and that by digging
deep ores as rich and extensive as those
near the surface await the operations of
enterprise. Besides this movement to go
deeper in new ami in abandoned mines
there is a great and promising field for
prospecting. This region contains many
undeveloped lodes and undiscovered
veins. There are all along the mother
lode gaps miles in length across which
the streaks of gold h-\ve not been trace 1.
These will be patiently worked at, and
some of these days men with money and
diamond drills will go fishing for these
lost veins. .
The activity which began and which is
centered in the mother lode region has
naturally had a stimulating effect on
other regions. The great placer districts
pf^Plnmas, Sierra, Siskiyon. Trinity.
Calaveras have felt the
i>mie._seyadai
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
revival ereatly within the year. Hydraulic
mining will probably show an increased
output of about $1,500,000. counties
n which hydraulic mining is unhampered
are enjoying-an increase in operations and
prosperity, and on the watersheds of the
Sacramento and San Joaquin, where re
straining dams and toe supervision of
Government engineers are required, the
great operations which were so suddenly
checked years ago are being steadily re
sumed. Nearly 200 permits to operate
hydraulic mines have been issued by the
Debris Commission under tbe Caminetti
law to date, and many applications are on
file. Here again the gold output of the
year has not shown the year's increase in
mining operations, as time and money
are required to build restraining dams
and reach the point of production. This
year's output of the hydraulic mines will
be nearly $4,000,000, and this amount will
show a large increase within two years
from the mines now preparing for opera
tions. The expenditure of the Congres
sional appropriation of $250,000 for the
construction of large impounding dams
on some of the leading tributaries of the
The Progress of California's Gold Yield From JB4B to the Present Time. The Figures Arranged Vertically Indicate the
Production by Millions.
Sacramento will proceed during the com
ing year, and during the session of the
Legislature this winter the miners will
endeavor to settle the availability of the
like appropriation by the State, which
has been called in question.
Drift mining in these placer-mining
counties has also begun to feel the gen
eral stimulus. The vast beds of pay
gravel buried under lava caps and other
formations present a great and profitable
but comparatively little - worked field.
There is such a demand for investment
that attention is now actively turning in
this direction, and many drift mines are
being opened, giving promise that in the
comparatively near future the output of
these upper counties will be greater than
ever before.
Of course the discovery of the Randsburg
gold fields baa been one of the great events
of the year, and its development will be
one of the important features of the com
ing year.
All this has brought general prosperity
in its train, and there is every promise
that during the coming year and the next
one the mining industry will give pros
perity in greater measure to every other
industry and business interest in the
State. There has during the year been a
very great increase in the amount of min
ing machinery and appliances manu
factured in this State. Nearly all this
manufacturing has been done in San
Francisco, and the value of tliis manu
facturing output of this City is estimated
at $2,000,000 for the year. Of course a
great proportion of it has been made by
the few great makers of mining machinery
and placed in large mines in other Pacific
Coast States, and shipped to Central and
South America, Australia and other
foreign markets, for San Francisco is yet
the leading creator of the best and biggest
raining machinery. During the year the
Union Iron Works placed in the Ana
conda mine the largest hoists in the world,
and it has contracted to build some of the
largest mills ever constructed.
But California has greatly increased the
demand for mining machinery and Cali
fornia manufacturers have been able to
well hold the home Geld against Eastern
makers as well' as successfully competing
with them throughout the West During
the year the demand has been largely for
prospecting and developing machinery
and a large number of the smaller manu
facturers have been kept busy. Besides
the demand created by new operations the
market iv this line is further stimulated
by the demand for new, improved and
more economical machinery to replace old
appliances, as more attention is being
given now to careful work in milling.
The manufacturers are thus engaged in a
keen competition to produce the best.
There is a great present demand for
electrical machinery and supplies for
mining operations and the electrical com
panies expect a great increase in the de
mand for 1897. It is the same with the
powder demand, which has immensely
increased. \
But we must go toVtlie mining region to
vividly realize what the mining revival
has done for the prosperity of the State.
The towns along the mountain slopes are
bumming with prosperity. Many a de
serted town has wakened up into life.
Many little towns hare doubled or trebled
their population during the past year.
Thousands have been added to the popula
tion of the mining regions, and this, with
the influx of money, has given new pros
perity to the business men of every line
in the mining towns. Little machine-shops
and foundries in tbe principal mountain
towns are busy repairing and masing
machinery. Teamsters again line the
mountain roads. Abandoned road houses
have had the broken window panes re
placed and their doors opened again to
the wayfarer.
There is no question in tbe minds of
mining men most familiar with the con
ditions in all the great gold regions of the
world that tbe revival now begun in Cali
fornia will bring a constantly larger
annual increase, which will soon place
this State again at the head of the list of
the world's gold fields. South Africa and
Australia are not likely to much increase
their present annual output, and when
the $85,000,000 once yielded by California
and the extent and richness of the little
worked lodes and gravel deposits are con
sidered, this will be seen to be no mere
hopeful dream.
It is interesting to note that the annual
gold production hns been very rapidly in
creased during the last five years. The
product of the world for 1895 is estimated
by the Director of the United States Mint
at $203,443,772, an increase of $21,000,000,
or 12 per cent over the product for 1894,
which in turn was an increase of 2G^ per
cent over the product of 1893. The same
authority places the United States at the
head of gold producing countries in 1895.
the percentages of the total product being
as follows: United States, 231 percent;
the Transvaal, 21.2 percent; Australasia,
21.1 per cent; Russia, (mainly Siberia),
1(17 per cent, and the rest of the world
18 9 per cent.
In 1895 the production was as follows:
Australasia, $41,760,800; South Africa,
$40,346,000; United States, $39,500,000;
Russia, $27,646,000. The value of the
product of 1895 from the three principal
gold countries was as follows: United
States, $46,830,200; South Africa, $42993.
-869; Australasia, $42,793,824. The world's
product for 1895 was double that of 1883,
when the lowest point was reached.
California and Colorado together pro
duced nearly $31,000,000 in 1895, and itwa3
mainly the increase from these two States
which placed the United States again at
the bead of the list. While last year and
this year the production of these two
States has been nearly equal, the gold re-
■ sources of California are so vastly greater
than those of Colorado that it must quick
ly outstrip its present rival, and there ■is
every prospect that within a few years
California will stand alone at the head of
the list.
Its average annual product since the
discovery of gold is $30,000,000 and \if it
reaches again but : little .morj than 1 half
the product of 1852 and does as well as it
did during ten consecutive years, it will
alone outrank South Africa and I Austral
asia. Various - estimates of ' the annual
gold production : of this State • have ■ been
compiled by different authorities. The
latest and most reliable is one by' Charles
G. Yale, based on lons and careful inves
tigation. : Mr. Yale's record is as follows:,
1848...... .............. .'.i.;....;!..:.....f 245,301
1849.. .;..... .t.. ..:....-..:....'....- 10. 51,360
■1860........ ........................ 4 1.27-VOO
1861;.. ...... ............ ....;.-...:. .:.... 75.938,23.2
1852........ .......;... 81,294,700
1853...... ...:............ 67.tf13.4H7
1854.7...... ....... ..;.:.;.;.;.;.....;.... 69,433,931
185 ft.;...... .•..............;...: 55485. 395
18)6........ .....;.....;..;;....-.....;...• 67,509.411
1 857. ;;-::..r.r.::~*.'^nr^vr^r7Tr. ;...... 43.6i'8,i72
1868...... .....;................:.' 46.591,140
1859....... ........-....: 45.846.699
1860 ..•"......:.:........:..;.......... 44,095, i «3
1861;.... ...... •....;...;..:.-.......:. ...,4 1,884.995
1862.. ............. A... :;.■.....;...;..;..' 38,854,668
.1863 ..;.... ......•...;.■.....;.......;..... 23.501,736
18H4......... . ....... 24.071,4.'*
1865 ;~..'.rr.;;T;.-:;v. ri ;;.;::r.-.:.".:v:t.~.'i7,i*30,»58
1866.'. ■.T^rr.T^rrrr.trrrttrrrrTT:::'. .v. ; . 1 17. 123,8117
1867...;...... ......'....:;...■.....;; 18,265,452
inn 5 .;....... 17,6*5,867
186 •..................•..........'.......... 18,299,044
2870... ...... ...............V. ...... 17.4fi8.1-i3
1871 .........„;...... 17.477.885
1872.r.'.".~.T.-;.;vr:..... 16.482 194
1873........ ...;..-....;;.... 15,019 210
1874..... ...-.......;........:..:..... ■..;.. 17.264.M36
< 1876. ;.:.......-.........•......;•..:... ;.;..16,87d.0U9
1876...................................... 15,610,723
-1877.;..:;...................:...;........ 18.5U1, 68
1878.....-...;;....;....;...-.-.... :.......: 18,839.141
1879..v~...:............:. :. 19.6 6.654
1880...... ;....:.■..•.;........-.. 10,030.761
1851.V.. ....:.............-.. 19,223,156
1882..".:. :...:..........;..-...•;....... -....17,146,4m
1883......;:........;......:....;......... 24,316,!>73
1884..;.. .....;........... .............. 13.600,000
■ 188 ». .:;.;—;..-. —77rr.—v.. r. . :. ........ 12.661 044
18h6.:.v. .:....... 14.716,506
1887.... 13,n88.614
1858...................--...:..-.....~.v.'...7 12,7511,000
1889 .::. -.7. :...v. ....:..::..:....;..... ..'ll.2 12,9 13
■ 1890. . :rrf:r.::r.;-:.T..". :r.~.r.T;.;. .•.....-. 12,309.793
!l»»i.::-.r.;.'..:.:....-..:;...:..:.:::;..;..! l»»i.::-.r.;.'..:.:. ...-..:;. ..:. .:.::: ;..;.. 12.728.869
, 1892................... 7............. 1Z,&71,90D
*WTlß*>>f> l T'T l lin'T'TP*i 'iiminf Biw«a>iiw"il'iTii'Miiiiwn>"i«iiw iiiinii i i ii i »i'%. l ;l'ir.»s-T-M
1893 12.422.811
1894 18,923.V!81
1893. 15,334,317
LAWS FOR THE MINER.
The Movement for Extensive Mm
ing Legislation Which Is Now
Under Way.
The development of a great organized
effort to secure extensive and needed min
ing legislation by Congress and tbe State
Legislature has marked the year now clos
ing. Tb.is effort is being made by the
California Miners' Association, which
waged its first successful battle in behalf
of hydraulic mining, wfcich resulted in
the Caminetti act and the measures at
tending it
The Miners' Association is so thoroughly
representative of tbe highest legitimate
inteiests of mining in this State, is com
posed ot men of such high character and
has acted so wisely and conservatively,
though vigorously, that it has disarmed
opposition, won the cordial support of the
entire business world and the press of the
State and become a powerful influence
cot only at home but in Washington. It
is thus a strong influence which has taken
up the mining laws ot the State and Na
tion. The work was formulated at the an
nual meeting of the association a few
weeks ago, and it is now in the hands of
four competent committees.
The legislative wants of the miners in
clude mainly the addition of a Depart
ment of Mines to the executive branch of
the Government, the passage of the min
eral lands bill now pending in Congress, a
careful revision of the entire mining laws
of the United States and the enactment
by the Legislature of what may be termed
a code of mining laws. Since the Depart
ment of tbe Interior recently ruled that
mining claims could not be filed upon
land bearing oil and other non-metallifer
ous mineral products, and that the oil
fields were agricultural land, it has been
determined to ask Congress to enact a law
which will restore these products to the
mining field.
These matters are partly in the hands
of the standing committee on legislation,
of which Tirey L. Ford is chairman, and
partly in the hands of special committees
appointed at the annual meeting. Curtis
Lindley is chairman of the committee on
revision of Federal laws and A. H. Rick
etts is chairman of the committee on State
legislation. There is also a special com
mittee on the mineral lanus bill.
The campaign for a Secretary of Mines
is inchoate yet. The great fight on hand
in Congress is one in behalf of the mineral
lands bill, and this is a continuation of
the fight which was so bravely made at
the last session. This bill, which is in
tended to prevent nearly a million qcresof
lands within the railroad grants in this
State irom being patented to the railroad
company as agricultural lands and to pro
vide for a commission to segregate them,
was passed by both houses of Congress at
the last session, but was tied up by a Sen
ate amendment, secured by Mitchell, in
cluding Oregon in its provisions. It will
thus come up at the short session as un
finished business, and with Messrs. Ford,
Ricketts and others energetically laboring
for it from this end and with the entire
Ca'ifornia- delegation active in its behalf
it is likely that it will pass and save an
immense area of mineral lands to the
mining industry.
The committee on revision of the Fed
eral laws will spend a year studying the
mining laws of all countries and will re
port at the next annual meeting. Co
operation from the mining States and
Territories will be sought.
Of most immediate interest to the min
ers of this State arc the bills which the
Legislature will be asked to pass at the
coming session. They have been indorsed
by the Governor and will be strongly
urged. Some of them were first proposed
by tbe Mining and Scientific Press and
were formulated by A. H. Ricketts. Cali
fornia, though it has for forty years been
the great mining State of the Union, has
never enacted a code of mining laws sup
plementary to the federal mining stat
utes, as has every other mining State and
Territory. Its few laws are fragmentary,
special, and some of them obnoxious to
the miners. This condition has produced
uncertainty, inconvenience, wrongs and
litigation. The scope and purpose of
these several bills are stated as follows by
Attorney A. 11. Ric&etts:
"The set of bills to be presented to the
Legislature on behalf of the Miner*' Asso
ciation in the interest of the locator, tne
mine-owner and the mine laborer are
briefly these:
"First, a bill regulating tbe manner of
acquiring and holding mining claims. It
contains many provisions for matters
which the Federal law leaves to State laws
and local rules. The law would afford
much protection, convenience and satis
faction and prevent much litigation.
"Second, a bill making it a misdemeanor
to maliciously remove or deface any min
ing monument or location notice.
"Third, a bill making it compulsory on
the part of persons purchasing ores or
other valuable mineral products to keep a
record of the purchase, containing the
name of th« person from whom purchased,
aate, weight and the mine or reduction
works from which tbe product was taken.
This is intended to lessen the stealing
from mines and mills.
"Fourth, a bill making it a felony for
any person to steal ores or any valuable
product from any mine or reduction
works.
"Fifth, a proposed amendment to the
mechanics' lien law, which was not seem
ingly drawn in the interest of the miner
and which has lost much of its validity
by the construction of the Supreme Court.
"Sixth, a repeal of the present Jaw com
pelling certain officers of mining corpora
tions to make verified weekly and monthly
financial statements and of the work done
at the mine. This law was intended as a
check on Comstock mining companies
whose shares were subjects of speculation
at the stock exchanges. It works hard
ship in cases where mines are some
distance from persons authorized to ad
minister oaths. It would not be so obnox
ious if it did not make the directors of
delinquent corporations liable in $1000
damages to any stockholder complaining
thereof, and so afford so many opportun
ities for blackmail.
"Seventh, a repeal of tbe law requiring
the assent of two-thirds of the stock
holders of any mining corporation for the
purchase of any additional mining ground
or for the leasing or disposing of prop
erty. This law was directed at manipula
tions on tbe Comstock.
"We also wish to submit a constitu
tional amendment, declaring mining to
be a public use. This the Legislature has
repeatedly done, cut the Supreme Court
holds it to be a private use and that the
exercise of tbe right to eminent domain is
not applicable thereto.
"But little claim to originality is made
for any of this proposed legislation, the
various bills being made of the best fea
tures of the statutes of the various min
ing States and Territories, all of which
have long since seen the necessity for sup
plying the deficiencies in the Federal
mining law."
The Miners' Association has thus a
large programme on hand for the field of
legislation, but the miners are asking for
nothing at the expense of any other indus
try, or for anything at the expense of the
taxpayer.
EARLY ESTIMATES.
Some Figures on the Cold Yield
Given by Cose Ob
servers.
In mining circles predictions are confi
dently made that the yield of 1896 will
approach that of 1881, when $19,223,155
was produced. If this prediction is veri
fied it will mean an increase of nearly $4,
-000,000 over tne product of 1595 and place
California beyond the reach of rivalry in
gold production of any section of the
Western Hemisphere. The State of Colo
rado has been looming up for
the past two years since the won
derful development of the Cripple Creek
district, as a possible competitor for the
rank of the leading gold-producing State,
and if the unauthenticated estimates of
the production in that State for the first
six months of tne present year are sus
tained California stands some danger of
having to surrender first place to the lively
State on the eastern slope, but the chances
are that Colorado.as a gold producer, must
be content to occupy second place now
and in the future.
The production of gold in this State
in 1895 amounted to $15,334,317, which
was $1,411,036 in excess of the pro
duction of 1894. After 1881 the produc
tion declined to about $12,000,000 a year
and remained almost stationary for a
period of twelve years. Tne discourage
ment resulting from the enforced cessa
tion of hydraulic mining seemed to have
affected the whole industry, which con
tinued until the marked revival of the
present year has put new life and vigor
into the industry.
That the mining industry of California
has taken on a new lease of life and
started on a career that will rival that of
its earlier years there are abundant and
convincing signs.
The number of mines, old and new,
which have been added to the list of pro
ducers in the present year, according to
the reports of tbe Bureau of Minins?
several hundred in excess of 1895, while
double the numoer of miners have been
engaged in the laborious occupation of
opening up new mines or in working those
already in operation. Prospectors have
been tramping over the entire State, and
the results of their labors are beginning to
be felt. Mining experts have found their
time fully occupied in inspecting proper
ties for foreign and local capitalists, who
are prepared to purchase and operate
those properties that fulfill their exacting
qualifications. The season is now over,
but it is stated by a competent authority
that more mines will change hands within
the next three months than was ever
known in as short a period in tbe history
of the industry. Most of the mines thus
transferred are those which the original
owners had not enough capital to develop,
and many have laid idle for years.
The new owners are prepared to push
development just as soon as the impedi
ments of title are swept away and the
season permits active work. There has
been granted by the Debris Commission
ers permits for operating over IK)
hydraulic properties. Not all have be<M
worked in 1896, but many have, and, it *»
estimated, over $1,500,000 will be tSto
product from the new hydraulic mines.
The new Randsburg district has hardly
fulfilled expectations as a ' producer,
though $250,000 is expected from this
source as a new contribution to the gold
production of the State. This district has
shown some wonderfully rich surface in
dications, but no tunnels have been driven
thus far over a hundred feet in depth, so
that really nothing is certainly known of
the future production of tbe district until
a proper depth has been reached by the
shafts now being driven.
The statistician of the Mint, President
Valentine of Wells, Fargo <fc Co., the
Selby smelter and others who ultimately
handle the gold production of the State,
all agree that there wiil be a marked in
crease in the production for 1896. Both at
th-3 Mint and at the smelter tbe receipts
of gold have greatly increased over those
of 1895. Wells, Fargo <fc Co. also report
increased receipts to date, but full reports
will not be made until after January 1,
when the receipts of all the offices for the
year have been aggregated. From all
sources that it is possible to consult it is
believed that there is no county in tha
whole State that will not show some in
crease, while many of them will show a
very marked one. The following esti
mate by counties may be regarded as
conservative:
Amador $1, 450,000
Buite. 780,0>>0
Calaveraa ;...... 2.500.
Del >"o.ie 10.000
El Dorado 750.0UU
Fresno. ..; ■ &o,u(Mi
Humboldt. 1-5,000
iny0. .....; 90.0' xi
Ker: .;..... . 600,000
Lassen — .r.T.r.Trzr.:.. .;.... ..:\ vs.uoi
Los Angeles..- .; . 26 000
Mad era .;......; ...;...; "17«,ooo
Marlpo.a ...; 226.000
M0n0.... . 575,000
Nevada ;... ... 1,900.000
Placer 1,700,000 '\
1'1nma5....:.... 650.000 A
Kiverside HOO.OOOM
!-»cratiiento 175,00(7
San Bernardino 150.001
San Diego j.. 160.000
Shasta 900,000
W-*Ti .." 760.000
rsisklyou l,0UO,()00
Stanislaus 27,0 JO
Trinity.... 1.250,000
1 unlumne 600 000
Tulare £0.000
YoDa... 120,000
Total $17,527,000
.Estimated product of reopened hy
draulic mines 1,500.000
Total $19,027,000
Based on this estimate, Amador County
increases its product by nearly $60,000,
Butte by $53,000, Calaveras $780,000, with
the Utica mine in full operation; El
Dorado $50,000, Humboldt $33,000, Kern,
with the Randsburg district, $270,000;
Mariposa $9000, Nevada $120,000, Placer
$100,000, Plumas $50,000, Sacramento $30,
-000 and San Diego County $306,000. Shasta
County estimates an increase of $120,000,
Sierra $56,000. Tuolumne $25,000, Trinity
$80,000 and Yuba $10,000. All the other
counties of the State claim increased pro
ductions of from $3000 to $10,000 each.
Based on this estimate the product of gold
for 1396 will show an increase of $3,700,000,
by many considered as too low. Some
affirm that an increase of $5,000,000 will be
found nearer the true figure. The ap
proximate figure will not be known until
Wells-Fargo's report is givan, some time
in January. The true, accurate and offi
cial result, gathered with infinite pains by
the statistician of the Mint and indorsed
by the Government, will not be kuown
until March.
OTHER MINERALS.
They Will Generally Repeat the
Records of the Previous Year.
There is set no data besides the figures
of last year upon which to ba.-e any defi
nite estimates of tne production of the
long list of minerals embraced in the field
of mining. There is no indication, how
ever, that they will vary much from the
figures of 1895. The statistics of the min
eral products besides gold and silver are
compiled by the Mining Bureau and Sta
tistician Charles G. Yale will not have his
. eport ready for some months. The total
wiil again approximate $7,000,000, includ
ing metals, oil, structural materials, non
metallic products, etc.
Silver will acain be fourth on the list
and the production will show a decrease
as compared with the $600,000 of 1895.
Quicksilver was the product of second
importance in 1895 when the value was
$1,337,131, and petroleum was third with ft
record of 1.245,339 barrels and a value of
$1,000,23 5. Quicksilver will show but a
small variation and though the produc
tion of petroleum hns decreased this year
through the lessening of the output of the
Los Angeles field the value per barrel has
doubled durine 1895. and it cannot be told
whether quicksilver or petroleum will
stand second in the list of mineral
products in IS-96. The Mining Bureau has
male a special study of the oil fields of
Southern California during the year,
Field Assistant W. L. Watts spending
several months on the work. An im
portant new development of oil fields in
Fresno County has marked the year.^
There has been a good deal of talk aboJ^~
the oil possibilities of Alameda, Colusa,
Napa and Humboldt counties, where thera
are pro mining indications but no import
ant efforts at developing or pro»pectins.¥i'4T was Christmas eve in the year 188 . !
Ijja Lieutenant Saddletree stood at the j
4p> window of his Presidio quarters gazing
out at the moonlit hiiis i;i a very discon
solate state of mind. He was in love with
a charming girl, and the charming girl
was in love with him, but, unfortunately
for them boti\ :ne father of the young
Jady had interpo-ed what appeared to
Saddletree a fatal bar to their union. This
seemed all the more incredible because
Lieutenant Saddletree was regarded by
maid and matron alike as a most desir
able parttver. Young, handsome, of a
veil-known San Francisco family (his
father, who was now dead, having been
. one- oi tbe earliest settlers), holding an ex-
A-vellent portion in the army, with an in-
T dependent income, what more could be
asked in a possible husband? Indeed, if
the truth was told, the lieutenant had
gone to Mr. Westicott, the father of his
betrothed, with a confidence tnat i;ad not
the shadow of a misgiving unon it. Like
the lieutenant's father Mr. WW r esticott was
one of the early settlers of California, but,
being a man of reserved habits, the lieu
tenant knew him but slightly, having
derived a general impression from his
visits at the house that he was an old
fashioned, gray-haired, mouse-like man,
who passed most of his time among hi->
books. He had heard that he was much
interested in the early days of California, i
la fact, that it was his hobby. Saddletree j
also vaguely recalled having heard som^
thinc queer in connection with his hobby,
nothing dishonorable, for every one
agreed thai Silas Westicott was the soui
of honor, but something queer, some old- I
time feud or misunderstanding with tbe
Society of Pioneers, something that the
men of those days, no doubt, considered j
vastly important, but nothing surely that
need concern him, Saddletree. Indeed,
ihe lieutenant did not give the runner a
Eecond thought, his interest in Mr. Westi
cott being confined to his being Kate's
father. So without tarrying to become
better acquainted with him he sought Mr.
Westicott, as has been paid, in all confi
dence and asked him lor his daughter's
hand.
What was his astonishment then, when
Mr. Westicott receved his communica- j
tion in a spirit of hostility, courteously |
expressed to be sure, but none the less
hostility, and after deploring his blind
• ness and negligence in allowing such a
stste of affairs to come to pass informed
ii.m very emphatically that Mr. Richard
• Saddletree's son could never with his con
sent marry bis daughter.
"But why?" exclaimed the lieutenant,
for the moment almost dumlounded at
this unexpected reception.
"For excellent reasons," retorted the
old gentleman, rather seeming to enjoy
bis discomfiture.
"But this is most extraordinary," replied
Saddletree, recovering his voice with a
touch of anger. "Am Ito understand
that it is on my father's account that you
refuse me your daughter? B cause, if so,
anything that concerns my dead father's
name has precedence over all affairs of
mine, no matter how vital to my happi
ness. Therefore, setting aside for the mo
. ment the errand that brought me here, I
have the right to ask you to explain your
unfriendly allusion to him."
"You certainly have the right, sir," re
plied Mr. Westicott; "1 do not deny it. I
am only surprised that you are ignorant
. of the events to which 1 refer. It is a sore
matter with me, nevertheless. I will try
to ?pare you any expression of my own j
feeling and give you the facts as briefly as
possible."
Then the old gentleman sat for a moment
tapping his library desk with a pencil
while his face took on a grim look as his
thoughts went back into tbe past. "No
doubt," he said finally, with an evident
effort, "you nave heard some rumors of
my first arrival in San Francisco. Such
tittle tattie often outlives a lifetime of
honest endeavor. Indeed, there are men
in this City to-day, old residents, who con
sider n;e a little bit crazy on that point.
They will tell you that I came to this City
February 10, 1850, whereas, as a matter of
fact, I came here the day before Chriht
ruas, 1849. Ido not refer to those gentle
men forming the Society of California
Pioneers, who have denied to so many
men as well qualified as themselves the
right to join their society on the ground
that they did not arrive in California prior
to a date arbitrarily set by themselves;
who claim that if a man's foot touched
these shores five minutes after midnight
of Decemb r 31, 1549, be was no
pioneer. Thank Go I I can rest easily in
ray grave without having them trooping
• after my coffin. But there are men whom
I respect and who respect me, men of '49
whom I have the right ana title to meet
on this common ground — a matter of sen
timent you will say. but it is sentiment
that makes life wcrth the living — and I
cannot induce these men to believe that
I, too, am a 'forty-niner.' And who, do
you think, robbed me of this privilege?"
The old gentleman, whose face and voice
denoted increasing excitement, now shook
his finger impressively at his perplexed
listeaer, and said: "Your father, sir,
your father! Wait!" he added quickly,
raising his hand as Saddletree wa» about
to speak, 4 'l have not finished. " Leaning
back in his chair he resumed in a tone of
iorced calmness: "On October 20, 1849,1
left my home in Boston on the ship Silver
Moon. We dropped anchor as I tell you
in San Francisco harbor, or Yerba Buena,
as it was then called, December 24, 1849.
With me I brought letters of introduction
to certain gentlemen, but principally to a
Richard Saddletree from whom I was as
sired I would receive every consideration.
Moreover I was the bearer of a sum of
f money entrusted to me by a mutual
fnend to pay off a mortgage held by
Richard Saddletree. I went ashore the
afternoon of the day we arrived, I met
Mr. Saddletree, made an appointment
with him for the evening, met him again
according to the appointment and paid
him the money. I was returning to the
ship, where I had left my own money and
effects in charge of the purser, who was
IN THE DAYS OF "49"
| an acquaintance of mine in Boston, in
| tending to find a boarding place ashore
the next day, when. God hep me !" Here
Mr. Westicott faiteringly raised his hand
to his head with a look of bewilderment.
"1 suddenly lost consciousness." He
paused for a moment with his hand over
his eyes, an 1 when he resumed it was in
a subdued voice. "When I came to my
self I was lying drenched and bruised on
a storm-swept coast. Seme Indians were
caring for me, telling me by signs that
there had been a shipwreck. They took
me to a Mexican town called Acapulco,
and here, through the kindness of ihe resi
dents, I was given a passage on a ship to
San Francisco. I arrived here, for the sec
ond time, understand, for the second time,
on February 10, 1850. I sought out your
father and he— he denied all knowledge of
me! He denied that I had paid him
money, denied that he had ever seen mo
before. At first when 1 upbraided him
with his treachery he dared to threaten
me as an impostor, and then he took
refuse in a subterfuge. As it was per
fectly plain to any man that I was as sane
as he was, he pretended to think that the
ihipwreck hat affected my brain on this
one point only. A fine theory, truly, to
hi :e his rascality. Well, sir, alone, a
stranger in a strange land, I earned the
money to pay back the sum I bad paid
him, and I lived down the blight his false
hood ca3t upon me. But I never forgave
him and I never will. Do you understand
now why you cannot marry my dauchter?"
Lieutenant Saddletree's face during the
course of this strange narrative was like
our summer afternoon sky when the fog
begins drifting in — astonishment, anger,
resentment and bewilderment rapidly suc
ceeded each othor, to be finally replaced
by a settled expression of sadness not un
mixed with pity. "Did you never find
any clew," he said gently, "to account lor
your condition between December 24 and
February 10?"
"No, sir," replied Mr. Westicott, "and
you may believe that it was not for lack of
endeavor. Your father was — "
"Pardon me, Mr. Westicott," inter
rupted Saddletree, rising. "There is no
need of prolonging this interview. I need
not tell you how I regret this unfortunate
state of affairs. I bid you good-afternoon.' 7
'Good God!" thought the lieutenant to
himself as he reached the street, "my
poor father was right. He is crtainly
crazy." And he groaned to think how
this wretched fancy of a diseased mind
had been resurrected out of the dusty past
to come between him and his dear love.
And in the loneliness of this Christmas
eve the recollection of that moment lay
like a cold hand on his heart, while the
vagrant winds that are ever hovering
around the Presidio hills sighed as though
in sympathy.
Of course, he could not tell Kate the
true reason of her father's opposition to
their marriage; he simply said that a
business difference of long ago had cre
ated an enmity between his father and
hers. She. poor girl, was sure at first that
she could reconcile her father, who loved
her devotedly and had never refused ber
anything. But the old eentleman proved
obstinate and finally forbade Saddletree
the house. This did not prevent tbe lov
ers meeting occasionally elsewhere, but
Kate's ideas of filial duty and obedience,
as well as her pi ac, made these meetings
few and constrained, although her pale
cheeks and listless- manner told how much
the effort cost her. As for Saddletree
himself, be bad grown thin since that un
happy day, and to-night there seemed
such a strange weight npon his spirits
he wondered if his mind was going to be
affected, too. Most of tbe officers at the
post who were not on duty had gone to a
ball in the town, so that he was quite
alone and tbe silence oppressed him.
Lightins his pipe he threw himself into
an easy chair before the fire, bat grad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
ually his pipe went ont and his chin
sought his hand in melancholy reverie.
He was finally aroused by the clock
striking twelve. At the same moment he
heard a movement near the door and a
draft of cold air chilled his back. Sup
posing it to be some of the merry-makers
returning from the town, he called out
irritably: "For heavens sake, shut the
door, you fellows! Do you want to freeze
a man to death?" Receivinc no reply, he
turned around in some surprise and be
held a stranger standing in the middle of
the room. He was dressed in a blue cloth
roundabout jacket and dark trousers. On
his head was a forage cap and on his heels
a pair of Mexican spurs. The figure
seemed strangely familiar to the lieuten
ant, although he could not at first deter
mine why. Then suddenly it occurred to
him that it must be his father, not his
father as he had Known him in life, but as
he had seen him in a daguerreotype taken
in 1819. Moreover, it seemed to Saddle
tree that his arrival was not altogether
unexpected; that, in fact, he had been
waiting for him all the evening. His
s-pirits seemed instantly relieved of th?ir
dull oepres=ioti and his mind grew bright
and clear. Nor did be feel any sense of
alarm or astonishment, but when the ap
parition beckoned him he took up bis caD
and followed as though it was the most
natural proceeding possible.
Two horses were fastened to the hitch
ing post outside, one of which the lieu
tenant saw was his own. They mounted,
and as they rode away Saddletree observed
that it was no longer night, but afternoon,
THE APPARITION.
and that the buildings at the post were
not the same that he knew, but were of
adobe and in a dilapidated condition, and
furthermore that the road they traversed
led through a desolate, sandy waste in
stead of the well-kept re-ervation to which
he was accustomed. Swiftly and silently
they galloped on until they entered the
town, but this too had changed into a
scattering village of rude houses and tents
which the lieutenant recognized as San
Francisco only from its resemblance to
certain old prints that be bad seen. They
dismounted before a frame building bear
ing a sign, "K. Saddletree & C 0.," and
which the lieutenant had no difficulty in
recollecting from the descriptions be had
heard a thousand times at home as his
father's place of business. It was situated
on Clay street, just above Xearny, and
his first thought was to see if the water
came up to Montgomery street. Yes,
there it was, rippling over a shingly beach
but little more than a block away, and no
Montgomery street to speak of. A man
passed by selling papers, and Saddletree
for 25 cents obtained the California Star,
which informed him that it was the day
before Cbrstmas in the year 1849.
Leaving their horses be and I is com
panion now passed with dream-like facil
ity tbiouih the busy scene, where pic
turesquely dressed men from all parts of
tbe world, afoot and on horseback, came
and went through tiie ill-paved, rat-in
fested streets, littered with tents and mer
chandise, bearing every sign of noise, yet
as silent as a picture. Descending to the
beach they beheld a small bark which bad
recently come to anchor in the bay, and
from its side a boat was leaving for the
shore. As its bow grated on tbe sand a
man of about 30 years of age, dressed in
a blue coat of the kind known as a swal
low-tail, ornamented with brass buttons
and a high velvet collar, tight pantaloons
and a Droad brimmed beaver hat, stepped
ashore. In tins personage Saddletree
recognized Silas Westicott, not as he knew
him to be sure, tbe father of Kate, but
Mr. Westicott a* he was when a young
man; in fact Mr. Westicott as he was
when he landed from the bark Silver
Moon on the day before Christmas in the
year 1849. As this thought occurred to
him the lieutenant looked at bis father in
surprised inquiry, whereupon the ghost
gravely nodded its head. Mr. Westicott
gazed about him and then approached a
man who, with a fat, black cigar
between bis teeth, bad with other
idlers gathered to watch the ship. He ap
peared to question this man and then the
two plowed their way through ihe sand
toward Montgomery street, followed by
Saddletree and his companion. Thread
ing tbeir way through tbe shanties and
piles of lumber which occupied the de
clivity, they entered a room furnished in
rough semblance of an office, situated on
the upper floor of a two-story frame build
ing. Here Mr. Westicott's conductor left
him and. after about a quarter of an hour's
absence, returned accompanied by a man
who bore such a close resemblance to Mr.
Riihard Saddletrue in face and dress, in
fact in everything except the eyes, which
were sinister and ili favored, that the lieu
tenant fe't that under any other circum
stances he must have been astonished at
so striking a likeness The stranger very
cordially shook hands with Mr. We^ticoit
and, after a long and friendly conversa
tion, that gentleman finally took his de
parture for the beach, the other two bow
ing him out with every demonstration of
respect. No sooner had he gone, how
ever, than they looked at each other and
burst into a tit of luugliter.
It was evening when Mr. Westicott's
boat again touched the beach and he
climbed through th« sand to the frame
house. The two men were there before
him, impatiently awaiting his arrival.
They greeted him with concealed joy and
seating themselves at the table talked
together for some time, Mr. Westicott with
guileless pleasantry and the two men fever
ishly, with furtive giances at each other.
Finally certain papers of a legal form
v, T ere produced, Mr. Westicott place;! upon
tne table a sum of money which was
greedily counted by the others, then the
papers were signed and handed to him.
He arose and, as before, the men bowed
him to the door. But when he nad de
parted they engaged in what seemed a
violent discussion, one urginc and the
othsr protesting; till suddenly the one re
sembling Kiehanl Saddleiree broke from
his companion and drawing fruiu his
pocket a something, whicn the lieutenant
knew to be a sandbug, he swiftly ioiiowed
! Mr. Westicott in th<; gathering darkness.
Overtaking him in a boilow, a lonely-spot
I away from the lights of town, he stole
upon him from behind and dealt him a
blow on the back of his head that dropped
him like a s;'.ck of wheat. Quickly taking
the papers from his pocket and robbing
him of his watch and purse his assailant
slunk bacK to the house.
Having witnessed this scene with the
calmness of one solving a problem, Sad
dletree saw the night disappear and dawn
come, cold and gray. As the snn rose,
Mr. Westicott stirred and feebly got upon
his feet. Putting his hand to his head,
he stared around and then staggered
toward the beach. Here he sat down and
waited until presently a boat came from
the ship and into thi9 he climbed and
when it went back he went with it and
Saddletree and his companion accom
panied him. Aboard the ship he moved
about apparently the same as when he
had lauded, but the lieutenant under
stood that the murderous blow had robbed
him of all mind and memory except for
the actual present. His friend the purser
detected the change, but without having a
clew to it he advised the captain to let Mr.
Westicott remain aboard the bark until
they sailed for the isthmus, which they
purposed doing in a few day ;«, and then
send the unfortunate eentleman back to
his friends by the first ship tnat left Pan
ama. So, hastening their departure on
account of the desertion of the crew, the
Silver Moon within a week stood out
through the Golden Gate.
Again the scene changed and Saddletree
with the shade at his side found himself
standing on the ship's deck in a storm at
sea off the Mexican coast— a storm none
the less terrible for being noiseless. The
lightning smote the back, scurrying
clouds, the rain and spray fought fiercely
in the air, while the wind flattened the
crests of the seas as they rose and toppled
upon the ship in solid walls of water,
crushing the fabric until beaten asunder
it fell apart and sank beneath their feet.
He watched the men drown as in a panto
mime; he saw Mr. Westicott struck by a
falling mast, entangled in the rigging,
swept overboard and finally cast hieh
upon the shore without an effort, while
many a bold swimmer sank to his death.
He saw him cared lor by the natives and
regain bis consciousness, not in part as it
was before the wreck, but completely — the
later shock, as is not infrequent in such
cases, having undone the barm inflicted
by the blow of the sand club. Further
more, Saddletree saw the only boat that
escaped irom the sinking bark twice over
turned and each time righted again, until
only the purser and one sailor remained,
and they,- drifting down the coast, were at
last picked up by a New Bedford whaline
ship homeward bound.
Then again the scene changed and the
lieutenant found himself in his quarters
at the Presidio once more. He was kneel
ing before the shadowy form of his father,
which was wavering and growing indis
tinct, while its eyes gazed wistfully into
his. And be he»rd his «*w,i voice crying
out imploringly: "Ob, father, I under
stand. You have righted the wrong you
innocently did and have saved my happi
ness. I thank you from the bottom of my
heart! But stay yet a moment. These
impostors — this scoundrel who imper
sonated you, where can I find him? And
the purser — "
As he spolte the ghost raised his hand,
and at the same moment a scene so dimly
outlined that through it the lieutenant
saw the familiar objects of his room ap
peared before htm. It represented the in
terior of a stone cell occupied by a gray
haired, decrepit man, who sat npon a
bench with his chin on his hand and his
elbows on his knees, mumbling his skinny
fingers as he stared into vacancy, with
feeble, malevolent old eyes. And not
without ereat effort, as one who can
scarcely remember, did the lieutenant
finally comprehend that this was the
penitentiary at Sing Sing, N. V., and
that the prisoner's number was 247.
Then the vaporous picture slowly dis
appeared, and with it seemed to disap
pear the figure of his father, but again the
latter appeared, and with it a scene so
vague as to be scarcely decipherable. It
seemed like a street and the front of a
h'<use bearing a sign, but, struggle as he
would, the lieutenant could only guess at
the name inscribid upon it, so faint were
the letters and so mingled with the arti
cles on his mantelpiece. As for the name
of tbe town, the impression was conveyed
that it was in New England, but before he
could learn more the scene grew fainter
aud fainter, despite his efforts to retain it:
fainter, too, grew the form of his father.
Finally, with one desperate, superhuman
struggle to understand ore it was too late,
the lieutenant awoke to hear the clear
notes of the bugle sounding reveille.
That day Lieutenant Saddletree applied
for a leave of absence. Without divulging
the hopes awakened in him by his singular
experience of the night before he took an
affectionate farewell of his betrothed and
started East.
For three months he patiently followed
the clews given him and then turned a
joyful face homeward, bearing tlie affida
vit of Phineas Barker, purser of the Silver
Moon, and th ■ sworn statement of John
Bludgon, alias a great many other badly
tainted names, setting forth the facts in
tie case of Siias Westicott, all as they had
been delineated for him on that memora
ble Christmas eve.
As may be imagined, the hero of these
events, Mr. Westicott himself, was over
joyed at having his position so signally
upheld. When the papers were read be
fore a meetiug of the Society of Pioneers
they created a great sensation and Mr.
Wescicott was unanimously elected, amid
much enthusiasm, a member of that or
ganization. His gratitude to Lieutenant
Saddletree for thus freeing him from what
bad been tbe nightmare of his life knew
no bounds. He retracted and apologized
for the unkind words he had uttered about
his father and lovingly bestowed upon the
young officer his beautiful Kate. More
over, the old gentleman took great pleas
ure after the wedding In letting it be
known that with the exception of a cer
tain sum bequeathed to the Society of Pio
neers as a mark of the high estimation in
which he held that honorable body, he
bad made Kate and her husband his heirs
to all tbe properly he bed accumulated
since the days of '49.
The Qoing Forth.
Now far along the darkened sward
The winter snow is white.
I will go forth to meet my Lord
And welcome Him to-night.
The solemn stars iv heaven wait;
The swaying sea Is dim.
I will go out beyond my gate
And find my way to Him.
In lighted fanes thp choi rs of praise
Lift up their unthem sweet.
I will go iorth along the ways
To find and clasp His feet
Across my hearth the night winds moan:
My doors are opened wide.
Into the night 1 pass alone
To find my Christmastide.
— Mabel Earle in Harper's Bnzat.
The cliff where more sea birds are said
to build their nests in any other place in
the world is on the coast of Norway. It is
1000 feet high, and goes by the name of
Svoerholtklubben. Kittiwakes have built
their nests of bent and seaweed for ages in
innumerable quantities.
One of the principal occupations of
jewelers in the cities and towns of Chili
and Peru is making gold crowns, set with
precious stones, for fhe heads of images
in churches and cathedrals. They usually
are adorned by wealthy women, who thus
pay homage to the saints.
GATHERING WILDFLOWERS ON CHRISTMAS.
SSPSLO people of northern latitudes the season of Christmas is invariably associated with snow and ice. Poets and paintera
&ll|~> have always recognized this aspect of this joyous season until in popular estimation Christmas is not comDiete unless the
a4f* snow lies heavy on the ground and frost pervades the winter's air. In California, if one wants these cold collaterals
or Christmas it will be found necessary to ascend the high peaks of the Sierras in order to attain his desires. Down in the
ordinary altitudes a snowy Christmas was never known. The view represents a party on Christmas iay gathering wild flow
ers on the Berkeley hills. A warm genial sun is shining and the profusion of floral blossoms is marvelous. A winter's day
on Berkeley bills is something tnat no Easterner can realize. An actual experience of the lovely scene is necessary and for
that a journey to the coast will afford it.
FLOWERS IN FIELDS OF ICE
IrfyT is a common impression that within
jj the Arctic circle life, both animal and
JJJ floral, exists only in the rarest forms.
Generally, it is believed, when the mantel
of snow and ice begins to form and the
long, dark nights of winter overshadow
the vast area included in the frozen zones
that life, except for an occasional vagrant
tribe of Esquimaux, ceases to exist, hav
ing emigrated <o lower and more congenial
latitudes. This is true only in part.
There does exist certain forms of animal
life that can only live and have their being
in a temperature that is fatal to man if he
ever exposed himself to it. These creatures
find the same enjoyment in living tnat
beasts and birds do in our own latitude,
and exposure to the temperature common
to us would be just as fatal as their 3 would
be if species common to our zone were
transported to a region where snow is pc:-
A BOUQUET FROM THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.
I petual and the temperature sinks so low
that the common instruments in use can
not record it.
For months the stillness of a long night
reigns at the poie and the world sleeps.
But when " summer comes the scene is
changed. The ice and snow disappeai
and the silence of winter is replaced by
an activity among animated existence
that is nowhere surpassed on the globe.
The air is filled with myriads of bird 3 who
find in the far north tbe breeding- places
which nature designed for them and to
which an unerring instinct prompts a
yearly return. They discover in the vast
wastes, which have sprung into life under
the influence of a hot sun and a long day,
| stores of wild rice and celery in such
abundance as would feed all the birds in
the universe. Here they breed and hatch
their young and here they remain until
approaching winter warns them to seek
a milder clime.
But it is in the richness of the flora of
the Arctic that excites most the astonish
ment of the traveler to the far north.
Such variety, such remarkable delicacy of
form and color as the Arctic flowers dis
play cannot be equaled by those of lower
latitudes. Where the bouquet was gath
ered is only a few degrees lower than the
Arctic circle on an island of Bering Sea.
In midsummer the sun shines for twenty
out of twenty-four hours of the day.
When tbe ice and snow disappears in June
the grass and flowers spring up witii won
derful rapidity and cover the ground in
the richest profusion. Specie 3 unknown
in our latitudes abound and add blossoms
of the utmost beauty to other plants which
have been transplanted to the far north
from our own clime. In the picture of an
Arctic bouquet there will be seen monks
hood, mouse-ear, duckweed, aster, anem
one, tbe lady fern, claytonia and lupine,
and these fail to give any idea of the num
bers of species or luxuriousness of growth
of the floral beauties which flourish on
the bleak frozen island from which this
collection was plucked.
WirvdoWs fA&de of Glotk.
Windows of cloth instead of glass sounds
like an impossibility, and yet it is a real
ity, and the employment of such a substi
tute is an acknowledged success. It is not
ordinary cloth, but such as is translucent,
through which light comes as through
glass. To all intents and purposes this
cloth window is similar to the sheets of
glass and last* ever so much longer while
still having just as good an appearance.
Now, the remarkaDle feature of this new
fabric is that it never leaks, does not
break, and is nearly a third cheaper than
glass. A large skylight composed of tue
new substitute for glass, which has been
in constant use long enough to show Its
worth, remains in perfect condition, not
a cent having been spent on it for repairs.
The material has many advantages
1 claimed for it, chief of which is that by its
| employment in tratnsheds, freighthouses,
large auditoriums and public buildings
having skylights of large area the light
1 weight of the material permits of a sirn
\ pie, inexpensive and light form of sky
light construction.
The joints are made water-tight by a
special method used with t hi-s material.
The translucent fabric consists of trans
parent material spread over steel wire
cloth, with twelve meshes per inch, which
gives the panels a flexible and elastic
quality, permitting its adjustment to any
shape that the roof structure may take,
owing to tbe expansion or contraction of
the framework. The fabric is strong and
is made in panels 18x36 inches in size, and
can carry a weight of over 400 pounds per
square foot.
It might naturally be assumed that the
translucent qualities of the fabric would
be much Inferior to that of glass, but a
careful comparison has shown that the
amount of light which it transmits equals
that of ribbed glass one-quarter of an
inch thick. As it is treated with a
special preparation the fabric is imper
vious to cinders, or hot coals dropped
upon it, and will burn only when set fire
to at the edges. Even then the flames
make slow progress, thus furnishing
timely warning.
Another argument in its favor is that
it is greatly snperior to even the finest
glass as a covering for art galleries and
studious, for the reason that it will not
leak and therefore serves as a perfect pro
tection to the valuable works of art. Some
times a heavy deposit of snow serves to
crack the strongest glass skylight, and
often injures paintings and tapestries be
yond restoration. — New Yom Journal.
The longest Egy ptian railway now ex
tends to Girgeb, 326 miles from Cairo.
It is soon to be extended to the first cata
ract, 710 miles from the coast. This means
of course, an ultimate railway connection
with the British possessions in South
Africa.
In the country districts, both of England
and Gemany, there is an idea that if the
bees swarm upon a rotten tree there will
be a death in the family owning or living
on the property before the expiration of
twelve months.
Indiana produces 130,000,000 bushels of
corn, 40,000,000 of wheat, 46,000,000 of oats,
and over 1,000,000 tons of timothy. It has
10,000,000 fruit trees, bearing 36,000.000
bushels of apples and 4,000,000 bushels of
peaches.
The Egyptians used pencils of colored
chalk, and several of these ancientcrayons
have been found in their tombs.
2526
The "Old Pretenders" Bride
and her
romantic Imprisonment
A collection of historca! documents lately published by the Secretary
of the Royal Record Office of Ireland has attracted great attention from
the light it throws upon some rather famous but imperfectly known oc
currence?. The events nanated, although happening in the staid and
respectable eighteenth century, are decidedly of the character of a fairy
taie.
It was always known that the wife of the "Old Pretender," the son of
James II of England, had undergone a romantic imprisonment and liber
ation. The facts were drawn upon by Scott and other writers, but they
were to be found only in a couple of more or less unreliable narratives
until last year, when Dr. John T. Gilbert of Dublin edited and published
the collection in question. The publication, moreover, fails in very op
portunely with the fantastic Jacobite revival now going on in England.
In the year 1718 the faithful adherents of the Stuart cause besought
their royal master, whom they styled James 111, to choose himself a wife.
Accordingly an intrepid Irish officer of distinguished family, the Cheva-
Jier Wogan, was sent forth as a matrimonial embassador to choose a
Queen for the dethroned monarch. In the course of his researches he
found that James Sob;eski, the son of tba King of Poland, was possessed of
three marriageable daughters. The eldest, according to Wogan's account,
was "all bristling willi etiquette"; the second, "bes'ond ail measure gay,
free and familiar": and the youngest, "of an even temper, and gay only
in season." On the youngest naturally his choice fell, and he soon re
turned to James with the joyful news that his mission had been successful.
James was desirous cf sending him back instanter to complete the
negotiation, but at this point the unfortunate jealousies of his followers
interfered with his plans. The result was that instead of the Iris i
chevalier returning to the Polish court the matter was intrusted to a
Scotchman, Murray, who, unluckily, turned out to be too loose-toneued
for his position. So treeiy did he talk of his mission that it came to the
ears of the King of England, George I. The British Government was in
stantly up in arms. It would never do, as they plainly saw, to permit the
Pretender to form alliances of marriage with European courts. Lord
Stanhope threatened the Austrian Emperor ihat if he uid no; interfere
with the matrimonial project of James his Italan provinces would be
attacked by England. The Emperor yielded to these menaces and on the
arrival of the young Princess Clementina and her mother ot Innspruck he
c;:used their arrest and detention. The new envoy brought back the dole
ful tiding* and James resorted again, with many apologies, to the more
skillful Wogan. The Chevalier magnanimously undertook to release the
captive Princess from durance and to escort her to Padua, where the
marriage was to be performed. He procured a Papal passport for himself
under the name of the Comte de Cerncs and set forth for Innspruck. At
Bologna he changed his disguise and became a French redder. Traveling
with his pack he reached Innspruck and under pretext of displaying hi 3
wares to the royal ladies in their place of captivity he showed them his
credentials and made them acquainted with his mission.
They gave their assent to his plans and agreed to accompany him to
Padua, provided he obtained the consent of Prince James Sobieski. This,
however, proved to be no easy task. At this point the worthy Cheva
lier's narrative becomes rather prolix, but it is certain that he under
went some extraordinary dangers and at last, by the exercise cf almost
incredible as-tuteness, obtained the consent of the Polish Prince to his
carrying off the Princess if be could. He then proceeded to choose some
twenty companions from an Irish regiment which happened to belying
near Strasbourg— his own nncie, a Major Gaydon ; a Captc.in Misset and
his wife a::a a Captain O'Toole, who was somethineof a giant in stature
and decidedly a hero in character. Mrs. Mis>et brought into the con
spiracy her maid Jeanne, another gigantic person, who finally proved
to be a most imporiant ally.
The expedition met with a mishap at the beginning. The Chevalier
Wogan was arrasted, by mislaKe, on suspicion of being the Duke of Mar,
then under sentence for treason. But he wa3 set at liberty, upon whicli
he modestly remarks thai he was "more important than ten Duke<."
On April 26. 1719, they got under way, all in Tneir plan was to
introduce Jeanne, the maid, into the house where the Princess was de
tained. The Princess was to change garments with her, leave in her place
and'join the conspirators at the inn.
At night on the 27th the party of adventurers reached the inn agreed
upon, the Black Eagle of Innspruck. The weather was furious, a storm
raging and the streets being turned to streams of water. But the worse
the weather the better the indomitable Wogan considered it for his
When t^e Padres and the Indians First Celebrated Christmas Together Under the
Bpanehes of Viseaino's Oak at .Monterey.
IIV. nk.!.l *-_ At.- Hill- T . .  r. .. "
"No Christmas for the little Jesus to- f
dßy— no soul to offer him after ny weary
labor of months," mourned Father Juni
pero Serra on December 25, 1770.
It was at Monterey, and th? rouah
booth of branches whicli had been erected
under Viscaii:o'3 onk, near the beach nnd !
in front of the anchorage, had been Ira
proved into a sort of rustic church. With !
the exception of ti:e handful of Spanish
soldiers and priests there was no Christ'an
congregation to assist in the celebration!
of the first midnight mass. Yet when the
hour arrived the little church wa3 full to
overflowing, and along the beach the In- ]
diaus were squatteu about anxiously
watching the strange proceedings. What
a picture it all made! Great bonfires were '
burning along the coast and the queer lit
tle chapel was brightly illuminated with j
candles that the padre had treasured for !
this occasion. Fragrant clouds from the j
burning incense filled the ci apel and i
rolled out into the open air, delicately 1
Bcenting the light breeze:-. Near the altar, I
lying on a heap of dried grass, was the col
ored image oi a little, dimpled, chubby, fair
haired baby, such a baby 33 these native
Californians had never seen. They looked
ot it in open-eyed wonder while Father
Serra told them of the birth of the little j
(Savior in Bethlehem and of all he had
done for mankind.
On the following day Father Junipcro I
Serra had a birthday present to offer to
the divine child. A little Indian boy, 5
ycar3 of age, was bap-.ized. He received
the name of Bernardino de Jesus. He
the Princess in clothing of her own and
the party was soon ready to sH forth. On
entering the inn the Princess had brought
her jewels in a handbag, which she
trusted to a page. The page flung the
precious parcel behind artoor and thought
no more of it. The party had gone some
ilistar.ee on its way when the Pr.ncess in
quired after her jawels. No one had seen
them. Back they turned and drove post
hasie to the inn. It was not only the lrss
of the jewels that wai involved, bat tho
fact that their discovery in the house
wouid mean instant recognition and
pursuit. Wogan describes the moment as
"terrible but interestins:." The inn wag
locked up, out tho admirable Chevalier,
was the first native to receive baptism iv
Alta California, and was always very
proud of the fact that he was the holy
Father Junipero's Christmas present to
the "little Jesus."
In early California days, "before the
Gringos came," before the Mexicans lost
th -ir broad acres and hospitable homes
and tiie Indian disappeared, ending the
romance ot California and the peaceful
flreamlife of its people, Christmas day. the
-sth of December, was not a day of pres
ent-giving. To the Mexican all fca-t days
are days of pleasure, ilays for excitement
and laughter, so Christmas day was spent
in dancing, in witnessing bull-fights and
tournament riding. The celebration of
the festival began at midnight in a great
arbor, or a sort of pavilion, large enough
to hold hundreds oi people. It was buil:,
by numerous and willing hands, of hewn
trees and great green branches. Even the
roof was made of ; reen leaves. Garlands
of red berries hung from the walls. So
closely were the trees and branches put
together that the sun, trying his very
hardest to see what was going on, could
only penetrate through them here and
there with a very smail beam.
The green ceiling was covered with gauzy
material that had been brought from
Mexico for that purpose, of blue and
white to represent the sky. Tinsel, like
the stuff now used to brichten Christmas
trees, was thrown among these fleecy
clouds and the whole pavilion was
lighted by thousands of tiny lamp* maae
of earthenware and rilled with tallow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
purposes. Who would suspect a Princess of tho blood royal of being
abroad ana on foot on so wild a ni«ht?
Toward midnight Wogan and Jeanne sallied forth from tho inn. The
streets were deserted, the rain fell in torrents. Joanne lost her shoes in
a puddle and began to display an obstructive temper. But Wogan was,
as always, equal to the emergency. Between persuasion, flatteries and
promises he got her to the gate of the house of bondage. Fortune favored
mem; the sentinel had deserted his post ana taken refuge from the
weather in an alehouse, where he was getting comfortably drunk. The
girl entered and Wogan took his station ac the foot of the staircase to
await the Princes?. He waited long, for the last interview of the mother
ami daughter had to take place. At last she appeared, dressed in the
rain-soaked clothes of Jeanne. They left the courtyard and in half an
hour haa joined the company at the Black Eagle. Mrs. Misset dressed
J The altar was lighted by wax candles.
At one side of the church, near the
altar, a large booth was erected, which
contained the "crih," the child in the
manger. Live cows stood near the manger,
eating tne hay' provided for them and g:iz
ing with mild-eyed wonder at the (rlorioua
I sight around them. At 12 o'clock, with a j
! great ringing of de p- voiced Leils and
j silver singing chimes- the mass began.
j The choir consisted mostly of Indian girls j
I and boys, who stood on opposite .-ides of
the church, tinging not in their own nor
in the Spanish language, but in the Latin
tongue. The congregation all sat on the
floor. The altar boys were dressed in long
white robes with white wings attached to
t:ieir shoulders, representing angels.
At the close of the misa de gallo (mid
night mass) a procession of young girls
and boys dressed in shepherd costumes
came from the entrance of the church and
proceeded to the crib. Surely such merry,
laughing and fantastically attired shep
herds were never seen before or sines.
The shepherdesses wore colors of every
conceivable hue; some of them were
dressed in white, but there were more in
red and blue and yellow and bright colors.
There were costly ornaments on the rich
senoritas, and tinsel trimmings, borrowed
from the fathers, on the skirts and breasts j
ot the poorer Mexican girls. The long '
crooks they carried in their hands were '
of different designs. They were made of
Indian bamboo; the tops of some of them j
wem in the shape of baskets trimmed i
with tiny bells, others were like huge
ike another Samson, lifted the fates
bodily from their hinges. He reached
the chamber where the packet of jewels
had bean kept, retrieved them and re
joined his companions, who went on their
way rfjoicing.
The greatest of their troubles were now
past. For the rest of their journey they
had only to meet the ordinary mishaps of
travelers in those days — breakdowns, bad
roads, turbulent streams and obstreperous
1 innkeepers. The worst they encountered
I was the malign influence of a certain
great persona c, the Grand Duchess of
Uaden, who always managed to keep iust
ahead of them, engaging all the fresh
posthorses and leaving them only jaded
beasts to make the best of.
Their destination was reached in due
course, and on the Ist of September, 1719,
the royal marriage was celebrated. It was
not a happy one. The pair did not live
long on good terms. Their quarrelsome
lefers to one another are still extant, and
though historians mostly side with the
! wife, there is perhaps something to bo
said for the hu band. The jewels which
I caused so much trouble at Innspruck
j were put in pawn by the young Pretender
i to defray the expenses of one of his ill-
starred schemes.
baby rattles, and they were all gayly
decked with bright ribbons. In their
arms they carried little bleating lambs or
offerings of incense and myrrh for the in
fant in the crib.
On a frame near the ceiling wa3 a little
Indian clad as an angel— the angel who
announced the birth of Christ to tho shep
herds—pointing the wav to the manger.
He was generally a frightened-lookiftg lit-
Ue angel, but with il was proud of his ele
vated position. The shepherds and shep
herdesses sans as they advanced :
Son para Belen
Coo j feeto flel
•Al nino le elevo
In bule cii miel.
It was on the 6 h of January, "Little
Christmas," when the Californians re
ceived their presents. On Littie Christ
mas the Catholic church celebrates the
arrival of the three kings at the manger,
from the East. The kings were supposed
to have brought rich presents to the infant
in i he manger.
On the eve of Little Christmas the Mexi
can and Indian children placed saucers of
corn in front of the windows s-o that the
good kings who came on horseuack couhl
feed their horses. Through the windows,
instead of the chimneys as Santa Clans
does, tho three kin K s put their offerings.
But there were few presents for the chil
dren in those days, even the wealthiest
among them receiving no toys. No native
of California— Mexican or Indian— had
ever seen even a doll till early in the
fifties, when the captain of a ship brought
CHRISTMAS SALUTATION.
Sing, Earth, as never song welled up before !
Sing as Eternity should strike the keys,
And Orion should sing to Pleiades,
"God's glory" and "good will forevermorel"
For unto all the universe is born
A son, whose fatherhood shall claim the race,
Whose radiance shall light up every face—
The King of Kings with coronel of thorn
Shall make all sorrow sacred with His tears;
Whose scarred, white hands shall hallow every task
And tear from Labor every feudal mask,
To set the calendar of future years.
Sweet Mary! pure as Heaven's own roses are,
Touched with a love as true as God is love,
A thriil that rhythms from the throne above
Turns every eye to Bethlehem's eastward star.
The slumbering Earth is wakened with a song;
"Glory to God ! and in the highest glory !
Peace and good will," the ever-after story,
From seraphs' voices, as they skyward throng.
Hail, humble manger, with the kingly guest !
Hail, holy ground, where cattle rudely tread !
Hail, kindly straw that shapes the Infant's bed,
Hail, Mary ! with the Lord upon thy breast
Hail, Mighty Master in the infant's robe!
Eternal First as the self-chosen Last—
The very God aside his scepter cast
To grasp in His enfolding arms the globe.
Hail, faithful, watching shepherds, with your flocks!
Hail, hills! once thrilling with an organ roll
That circled earth from pole to thither pole!
Hail, woods and fields and century-hanging rocks J
Hail, Earth, made younger by the birth of Christ!
Hail, Sky, forever sweetened wkh a song!
Hail, Race, who in His pattern may be strong !
Hail, Heaven's great gift! forevermore unpriced.
Hail, Prince ! who came as never prince had come,
Clothed in humility to meet the race,
With Love's evangel in His royal face,
With Pride and Heraldry struck sternly dumb.
Hail, holy infancy ! whose cradled Lord
Doth place the scepter in each infant's hand,
Whose helpless beck is evermore command,
Whose every want is an imperial word.
Hail, holy impulse ! turning to the skies
A dying race prone downward in its flight.
Hail, second mandate ! with Gcd's call for " Light,"
To lift from earth our heavenly longing eyes.
Hail, thousand years of Christmastide to come !
When undisputed reign shall crown His toil,
And blossoms lift sweet hands from all the soil,
When nevermore shall sound war's throbbing drum.
Hail, closing century! whose magic wand
Doth harness to its car each hidden force,
Training the very lightning to its course —
Before whose "sesame" ail things respond.
Crown thou with Christ the islands of the sea!
Crown man, the sovereign master of himself —
Tear thy crown jewels from a Christless pelf—
And bid them brightest shine in charity!
Thou ermined Paraclete of ripened age,
Place once for all great Love upon the throne !
Lift up thy golden scepter ! Claim thins own !
Let "glory" and "good will" round out the page!
Hiram Hoyt Richmond.
one to the little daughter of a prominent
Mexican family.
The California children had candy
though, and the three kings were very
liberal with that. It was called flurron,
and was made of sugar, honey and al
mond-'. It was very much like the French
nougat, and was particularly a Christ
mas sweetmeat, not being made at any
other time.
The kings wore kind to the poor, par
ticulstrly widows. Flour, sugar and lard
was given in abundance, so that all could
feast on bunuelos, a sort of cake which no
Christmas in those times was complete
without. Lcella Green Harton.
y\ Gorvsiderate Dog.
W. A. Halsey tells a neat dog story,
which he says will be verified by Archi
tect G. A. Staehlin. One breezy morning
about ten days ago thery were riding down
Market street upon the rear of a trolley
car when the car passed over a nice, light,
soft hat. which had blown between the
tracks. The hat was not injured, but tb«
wind gave it a little flirt alter the car had
passed and dropped it fairly upon one of
the rails. A big New York car was com
ing and ahead of it a big mongrel pointer
dog was trotting alone.
The dog glanced at the hat, looked back
at the car, and then picking up the hat in
his teeth ran over to the curb and depos
ited it upon the sidewalk near a group of
pavers who were working alongside of the
courthouse. After putting the hat in a
safe place the dog loped after thebigca r
and took his place in front of it. Mr.
Halsey did not see the owner of the hat,
nor did Mr. Staehlin, but they passed sev
eral remarks about the sagacity of the
dog, and it is believed that they agreed
that it would be betier not to speak of the
incident except to people who knew them
well.— Newark Sunday Call.
jKe Old fAar\ Had Doubts.
Mr. Goldfogle has a daughter who is
past 30, homely and unattractive, and he
and his wife had years ago given up hope
that shs would ever have a chance to
change her name.
A day or two ago when he cams home
to supper his wife said, joyiully:
•Our Jennie has an admirer at last.
Mr. Simpson, the stockbroker, sent her a
big box of candy and asked her to go to
the theater with him to-night It will be
an excellent match for her; his family
are well connected, and I've inquired
into his habits, and altogether I'm per
fectly delighted with Jennie's catch."
"H'm," said Mr. Goldfogle. "Better
not be too confident yet. I'll look about
to-morrow and see whether Simpson
voted for Bryan or not."
"What in the world has that to do with
it, I'd like to know."
"A lot," said Mr. Goldfogle. "Simpson
may be only paying an election bet."—
Detroit Free Press.
•—»• — » » _
Whooping-cough annually destroys
about 250 lives in every 10,000 "in England.
lsn<:W B*n j
y\ GKristmas Episode of Old
Virginia
James Yelverton, E quire, of Essex
County, Va., was a peraonaga of uncom
mon dignity, both as regarded his appear
ance and in the matter of demeanor. He
was a stately old gentleman, which means
that he was taJl and erect, handsome of
fac«\ though austere of expression, and ha
lived In the eariy part of the present cen
tury. What also contributed not a little
to the awe in which he was he d Dy all
wns the fact that he retained the yester
fashions of his fathers of knee- breeches,
stock and queue. The negroes, who were
attached to him for his kinaness, yet trem
bled iv his presence, and he was revered
of the "po' white trash" ana "half-train
ers" of the vicinage who occasionally had
dealings with him in his capacity of
"Magistrate." It was bis custom to dis
pense judicial advice from the porch of
his manor, his petitioners standing balow,
hat in hand, auaking inwardly under the
stern gaze of their oracle.
It happened in time that the Squire, as
he was called, was sent to Congress, where
be represented his State with the honor
and probity becoming a Virginian of the
old school. It was before the days of rail
roads, of course, and legislators thatcamo
Jrom a distance were commonly compelled
to remain in Washington tnroughout the
year. Squire Ye;verton's home, how
ever, being near at band, he always in- i
vited some of his less foriunaieiy situated J
confreres to spend the Christmas holidays f
witn him at Cedarwood, where he enter
tained them right royaliy in the spa
cious old porticoed manor built a hundred
years before of bricks that had been
brought from England.
It was on one of these occasions that
the fcquire outdid himself in hospitality.
The Christmas dinner was the best that
had ever been seen at Cedarwood. The
host had "carved' the turkey with tho
skill of a past master in the art; there had
been a flow of anectoie, Doiitical and
otherwise; the subject of agriculture had
been wisely discussed ; the gentlemen, as
was then the ple;isinz custom, had taken
wine — line old Madeira — with the ladies;
tne great plum pudding which hud boon
prepared by the mistress of the manor
was pronounced delicious by the wfaola
company, and contentment was in the
heart of the Squire, albeit he did not un
bend his accusiomei dignity more than to
smile at the salve.-> of his friends or ven
ture a dry witticism of his own now
and then.
After the dinner the gentlemen repaired
to the stables to look at the horses and a
visit was paid to the kennels to inspect
the nounds, and many au anecdote of the
chase was told, and pernaps v. story or two
of pistols and twenty paces. When at last
the guests had assembled in the drawing
room the Squire's daughter sang and ac
companied herself on the h*irp, Cousin
Louis ilayed "Believe Me it All Those En
dearing Young Cha.-ms" ou the flute and
a number of negroes came and sang tueir
melodies beneath the windows, it was
then that the Squire, thinning to give his
guests a bit of homely amusement, sent
Jor Uncle Ben, who had a certain talent
for the fiddie, ana bade him play. Tho
old fellow asked nothing better, and after
Horn? excruciating tuning was soon under
way drawing forth more or less discordant
sounds in his best manner. Obhviou9 to
all, saye that keen love of music charac
teristic of his tribe, Uncle Ben sawed with
ardor, swaying his body the while in uni
son with toe air.
The divine afflatus might have rested
with him, such was (he enthusiasm — tho
fervor he displayed; rocking away as if
actuated by machinery and making his
bronze lingers dance along the arm of his
instrument with astonishing alacrity. The
company looked on amused and the Squire
approved. As tne music waxed livelier,
however, he grew restless. He had been
a great dancer m his younger days, num
bering among his terpsichorean accom
plishments the traditional "pigeon wing"
in all its classic perfection. Uncle Ben's
music, thougU lacking in purity, pos
sessed that verve ami life which the negro
is so capable of educing and after a bril
liant passage achieved with the most ex
aggerated contortions on the part of the
performer he dropp.-d into a sprightly jtg
mat would have made the foot of a Pil
grim Father twitcu with the envy to dance.
It was too much for the Squire, whose
pristine valor on "the light lantastic too"
came back to him with ineluctable force.
In a moment he wan footing it flatly in
the center of the room. His coat-tails
flew out behind him, his queue bobbe j up
and down ana his stioe-buckies flashed un
til like Dickens' Mr. Fixxiwi*, "he ap
peared to wink with his legs." Uncle
Ben's ardor grew to frenzy and iho erat
while austere Squire Yelverton accom
plished marvels of agility while his as
tonished guests stared in amaze. Above
the chimneypiece a portrait of the Squire
by Jarvis looked down severely upon the
scene, which finally ended by its apostate
original falling exhausted in a chair ;.niid
a tumult of laughter ana applause. When
the merriment had subsided, Uncle Ben,
linding his tongue with some difficulty
after his exertions, faltered with a satis
fied chuckle and a shake of his old gray
head — "BressGawd! em'raen, I tell yo,
me play de fiddle an' Mars Jimmy darnce
de jeeg, we can whop any two NIGGERS
in de who' United States."
Each salmon produces aDout 20,000.000
eggs.CT^HE day of dread had arrived, when Adam and Eve must po forth,
%[l^V for l^ e^ r sin ' lrom Eden. Far and wide about that primeval Para
*lf^ disc extended the high encircling wall, which, garlanded with
vines opulent in never-fading flowers, divided it from the untrodden world
beyond. North, south, east and west ran four brimming rivers, over
which fruited orchards bent lovingly and into the mirror of which whole
Wildernesses of bloom looked to contemplate their own loveliness.
From every copse the sons; of the robin, the Dulbul and the nightin-
gale were beard, stealing slyly outward from odorous gJooms and telling
of the love stories which were familiar to every flowering thorn and leafy
bush and sun-crowned tree through sweet and constant iteration.
On the sides of the far, purple mountains, as if enchanted, white as
driven snow, foaming cataracts hung suspended, their loud voices hushed
by the distance, sounding only like murmurs, which blent musically with
the rustling leaves tt:at the west wind swayed gently in slumber. "What
that in each drop of water in crystal springs, in babbling brooks, in wind
ing rivers, in flashing fountains and in mountain torrents and waterfalls
the future rainbow of hope was prismatically revealed? There was no
hope in the hearts of Adam and Eve this day. Their eyes were blurred
•with tears.
One slender hand Eve held out to Adam. Thus, hand in hand, with
love half human and half divine in their hearts, they walked like all
humankind, since, together, their voices often choked with emotion as
they traveled reluctantly their allotted way to enter the world of death
and sin and toil and care and strife and loss and parting.
The western sun was glowing and fervent in the azure sky, over
which a few fleecy clouds were sailing. The illumined air slept, musky
with the breath of a thousand vast meadows and the incense of all the
dim, cathedral-like aisles of the forests, through which, in their earlier
innocence, these, our very own father and mother, had reverentially
walked, unafraid, meeting angels. That hallowed peace which, even now
in faint reproduction, comes on some glorious California afternoon in the
hills — the benediction of nature upon her sorrowing children — was brood,
ing over all animated being.
But when the heart-breaking lament of the moaning dove, who first
learned of grief that day and has cherished regret for memory's sake ever
since, arose in the stillness, the bosom of Eve was shaken with a tempest
of sorrow, and her sobs answered the dove, and startled bird and beast
and listening flower with that sound— never before heard on e^rth— but
heard often enough sinee — God pity us!
An eagle flying overhead dropped a spray of laurel, which rested on
the heads of both, but they neither knew of it nor dreamed of the final
victory which it presaged. A lion fawned upon them and licked their
hands. Around his shaggy neck Eve convulsively threw her snew-white
arms, and into the lion's eyes came that hue which has since been a
memoir of the love he felt that day for that lovely and gentle mother of
men. Then Adam twined one protecting arm about Eve and led he*
gently but firmly on, he standing erect and tearless, as became his man
hood.
And so they came to the gate, and the world was in front of them
and Eden nearly behind. The gate, never before seen by either, led out
ward from what had been their chosen bower, shadowed by ambrosial
oaks and carpeted with a velvety turf which was enameled with shy-faced
violets, dainty forget-me-nots and rich, red clover, where the bees found a
never-failing supply of nectar. The lemon and the orange trees, the
pomegranate and the tig, the drooping willow and the wide-spreading
elm trees hedged in this nook. There was the low limb of the oat tree on
which they had so often sat, repeating that phrase which never yet, in all
the hoary centuries, has grown one whit older — "1 love you."
There wes the pool to which Adam had led his bride that lie might
teach her the first Jesson in human vanity — that she might Tiew her own
charms. And over all the trees clambered virfes with star-shaped flowers,
which hung down in great mas3e3; or here, liite a flame, like a glory of
flowers, burned tire clustered millions of passion flowers where the sun
beams and the shadows endlessly played hide ana-go seek. From this
knoii all Paradise was unrolled to view at once.
"'Ac must go forth,' 1 said Adam.
"Forever?" sobbed she, querying.
"Forever," he answered gently.
JACK BRUIN, THE GOATHERD.
/\ ' California Bear Story, Stranger JKar\
Fiction ar\d True as tke Qospel.
Far ut> on the side of Cerro Colorado,
xyhere you may stand (if you can find a
footing, so steep are its rocky slopes) and
look away off into the lovely valley of the
Ban Joaquin, lying down beneath you;
far up above the snow line of winter,
among the California pines and man
zanitas, there was living but half a
dozen years ago Lewis Ford, solitary and
alone but for his flock of 800 or 900 goats,
. his half-dozen horses, and "Jack."
And "Jack" was a bear.
Some eight years previous to the time
I mention Ford one day had found the
* little, shining, black cvb — soft, and round
as a ball — and had gathered it up closely
to his breast, carrying it to his lonely log
cabin as tenderly as though baby Bruin
was the fairest foundling ever born under
the perpetual blue of California skies.
Neighbors he had none. Visitors were
creatures almost unknown up there where
a wagon road was an impossibility, and
where Ford's own stores had to be carried
np on pack-horses that picked their way
carefully along the dizzy trails.
The real love of solitude is an acquired
taste. Man is, generally speaking, a gre
garious animal ; and if he cannot mix with
his own species in his own way he will-
Instinctively — turn to the companionship
of the four-footed beasts of mountain and
plain. So, Ford — wifeless, childless and
a i Gne — O n the heights of Cerro Colorado,
sixty miles away from Mount Diabio's
snowy summit, took into his home vhe
little wild waif of the mountain; and
which, as the years wore on, won its way
into the heart of the lonely man.
But opening the cabin aoor with a
"Salve, Bruin!" was not all there wa3 to
be done in so serious a matter as adopting
a very immature bear. "Jack" had to be
provided with a foster mother. And so a
frightened, trembling, bleating she->;oat
was brought to the bouse to take the place j
of the parent be so missed. It was only
after much combined iorce and persuasion
tnat "Lillie" could be induced to adopt as
her own the very un-kidiike orphan placed
in her care. But the time came when
foster-mother and foster-child were as
and content in their relations to
each other as if the sight of a nimble
footed, blue-haired "Nanny" suckling a j
clumsy black bear cub was of the most
ordinary condition of affairs.
"Jack" waxed fat on goat's milk; and a
more docile, tractable beast never grew up
under the guardianship of a humane and
loving master.
In the earlier days of bis adoption the
' baby was a baby in truth. He would not
be Jeft aione. And it would have been a
harder heart than Ford's that could have
resisted the pitiful whimper of the little
fellow whenever he thought that he was
to be left alone within the hou«e.
Had there been any to see it in those
days they would have witnessed a strange
•igut. The great, broad-shouldered man
THE
WHITE ROSE
OF THE
GARDEN OF EDEN
following his flock as they grazed on the
bunchgrass — sometimes five or six miles
from horne — and as ne walked the steep
mountain side where it was so almost per
pendicular that it seemed that only the
goats themselves could gain a foothold on
the rocks he carried the cab in his arms.
They grew very tired many times and oft;
grew tired with the growing weight of the
pet that was getting "muy gordo," but
Ford would not leave the httle one to
mope and mourn at home ami perhaps be
stolen by some straggling stranger in his
absence. Sometimes a stray hunter came
that way and Ford would take no risks.
Ford was a worker, and he felt that his
charge must learn to work also. Bears
without number are taught t<a dance and
to do all sorts of amusing tricks, but this
was no city bear, to waltz to music and
hold out a hat for a dime. He was not to
learn accomplishments, but to put his
efforts forth to acquire useful knowledge
and apply it to the daily dui.ies at hand.
So "JackV playdays were over. For he
had had playdays and playmates. There
had been times when Ford had left his
flock temporarily in care of a herder —
Spanish Leandro, from the other side of
the mountain, forty or fifty miles away —
and then "Jack" and "Jack's" master
went off on jaunts, when the master
hunted with rifle or shotgun and the bear
chased rabbits and squirrels — digging into
their Holes till he captured them. Some
times their way lay across the mountain
to Leandro's own place, and there he
would make friends with the children as
if he was a child among them — romping
with Carmelita and Rosario and Petro
nilla and even playing with Baby Ramona
without so much as a single rough stroke
of the great clumsy paws. If, tired out in
play, they threw themselves down on the
ground, he too would drop down, his
huge carcass across their feot where they
sal; and when one day, while sitting on
the bank of a pond, they shoved him from
where he lay fastening their dres3 skirts
down with his weight, they gave him a
push into the pond, he displayed no other
evidence of anger than a growl, as he
climbed out, shaking the wate^r off. With
the boys he would box and wrest. c as two
boys will when playing together. Some
times it was t c bear that Was thrown
sometimes little Lenndro.
All these things came to an end; and
"Jack" was trained to herd the goats, as
the shepherd dogs had done. The dogs,
io time, were given away — for "Jack"
could never be made to feel that dogs
were other than his avowed enemies; and
fights — frequent and fierce— were the result
of their associations.
The dogs went; and "Jack" stayed. Bat
he <rus made to take their place.
It was wonderful, the aptitude he dis
played in learning to dispense the duties
of his new position ! Truo, there were
times, when being initiated, that he played
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
&f ? H&VBE> lF!)*o^lu£<§i^> 4
"Ah. Adam, beloved — but one more look."
They turned and 3aw all the glory of it. They lived all of life and
tasted all the bitternes-< of death in one short minute.
Lo, a miracle! At the very verge of Eden, at the partine-place where
" Paradise almost ended and earth almost began, where had been the
shadow of the wall, but where now was glaring sunlight through the
terrible gateway, grew Eve's favorite rosebush. Wiih its snowy flowers
Adam had often woven a chaplet for her head. It had sprung from the
soil and flowered on the same day that they first spoke of love. They had
thought it a token sent to bless their love, which was to last in Eden for
ever and forever.
Now in the garish sunlight it seemed to be fading. Shaken as an
aspen it 3 petals fell apart and strewed the ground — white as a winding
sheet thrown over the forget-me-nots, which seemed to welcome this floral
burial. Anon the notes of the moaning dove — soft and mournful as a
distantly heard luneral bell, when all the Sunday afternoon is still — sang
the requiem of Eve's floral dariings. The roses fell, not all at once, but
one after another, as years pass, as time which then first had to do with
humanity is inexorably and irretrievably recorded.
LO! IN THE HEART OF THE ROSE WAS A BLOOD-RED CROSS.
the truant; and was found away off among
the manzanitas, breaking off great
branches and munching their dark and
shining berries. But that was in the first
days of his responsibilities as assistant
herder— Before Ford had trusted him alone
with the goats, and made him herder-in
chief. A time, however, did come, after
much patient teaching, when — truo as the
Pompeiian soldier to his trust — "Jack"
was the faithful guardian of his master's
flocks. "Jack," the goat-herd of the Cerro
Colorado.
From sleeping in the cabin at 1m
master's side he came to j-leeping in the
gateway of the corral. An army could
not have invaded the goats' stronghold
with the black bear on gua r d.
Nor was the tending of goat 3 his only
duty. He carried all the firewood into tho
log cabin and laid it down by the stove.
The halter ropes of two or three horses
would be given him between his teeth,
and he would lead them to water anu back
again. Strange horses, like human strang
ers, were terribly afraid of him at first
sight, but Ford's horses knew.him as they
knew Ford himself.
One day Ford was breaking a two-year
old colt, and being obliged to go into the
house for something which ho needed, and
having no post handy to tie to, he gave
"Jack" the halter rope to hold.
The horse was unused to the bear and
became thoroughly frightened, plunging
and rearing about the yard. But, though
the strain was severe, the iron jaws did
not relax, albeit the little bear was dragged
ruthlessly to and fro, valiantly tugging at
the other end.
There were times when they would go
on a hunting expedition, miles away from
home, and Ford would leave his horse
and saddle, and the raw meat for his
luncheon — to be roasted over blazing cones
—and his other traps under Jack's care.
On his return he always found everything
as he had left it. The bear would no
more (ouch any raw meat that he was left
to guard than he would have attacked
Ford himself. And the horse would be
found herded not ten feet away from the
exact spot whore he was left to graze.
Jack would walk around the horse in a
circle, keeping him always within the
limit of his pasture.
If Ford had to go down in the valley — to
Liverrnore, fifty miles away— he would
kill a goat and give it to Jack, with in
structions to look after everything well
while he was away. And who shall say
that the words that Ford used were not as
well understood as if the message had
been given in the silent speech of bear
with bear?
And is it a matter of any wonder that
those two loved each other as man rarely
loves his fellow-man? Does man ever find
THE BEAR WHICH BECAME A GOATHERD.
With eager and trembling hands, her face all pallid, Eve seized those
blossoms, which had not felt the curse. She gathered them in a bunch
and presbe i them passionately to her lips again and again, and they
repaid her by their own sweetness. This was the miracle that the blos
soms she held faded no moro nor lost a leaf or fragile petal, while the
bush in Paradise faded completely and failed before Eve's wondering and
startled gaze; nor did Eve's white rose of the Garden of Eien, which she
placed in her hair, ever fade until she had planted the stem in the alien
soil of outer earth. Weeks after when the gate of Eden had closed behind
the unhappy couple and they for the first time had seen the menacing
sword of flame which forever euurds that gate, the rose was again growing
In a little valley they re-began life with the white rose as their only
living memento of Eien.
• ••• • •*•
Adam and Eve went the way of all humankind, and earth knew only
of their dust. Age succeeded age, civilization rising and falling; barba
rians sweeping away the proud works of man's hands with torch and
blade; earth was no more the same, its lands crambling away and being
submerged by the ocean ; its hills and mountains beiug thrown down, rent
and scarred by the forces of internal fires. Surviving ail changes of clime,
country, nation, speech, custom, two things remain as in the days of
Eden — the human heart and the love of roses.
Wonderful heart! Never worldly wise, but forever getting happiness
from earth as a bee gathers honey from i;s surroundings — gathering sweet
ness where the weary brain finds only baffling and disappointment. Not less
wonderful love of flowers, which the reason declares to be only vegetable,
but which the soul, midway between happiness and woe, as was Eve
standing on Eden's threshold, perceives to be intimately connected with
the ideal— of that ideal which, taking root on earth, may blossom in
that golden land where flows the River of Life through listening moudows
and where tears never more fall.
Eve's descendants, migrating, carried with them sprays from her rose
bush. But never more than one spray took root iv any part of the world
at one time, and, when the spray w-as detached, the parent bush died.
Pure white were its biossoms for centums. Then, during the crusades,
Peter the Hermit, hearing of its strange history, carried it away to a
distant land. The ne~t year it had upon it a faint red stain, a mere speck
upon its otherwise immaculate petals. After this the red stain grew
cenuiry by century as human tragedies multiplied, but the rose never
changed its nature. Strange were its migrations. A gay Spanish cavalier,
who followed in the train of the early explorers of the Pacific Coast of
America, planted it In Peru. There it did not remain, but at the time of
which I am writing, it grew to delight the eyes of a simple-hearted ludian
maiden in what is now known as California.
Whoever had possessed the white rose of the Garden of Eden had
met misfortune. It seemed always fated to fail to the care of the young
and the innocent, those most like Eve before the temptation. No haughty
lady, no queen, none of the proud ones of the earth ever owned it.
his fellow-man so faithful — so steadfast?
By and by a day came when Ford sold
the goats. Sold the log cabin, too, where,
among Pacific n,ines and manzanitas, for
a double decade he had almost lived the
liie of a hermit.
He was growing old. A sister and a
brother far across a continent — far beyond
the ocean that laps its eastern shore— were
waiting for him to come borne. So, there
came another day when Ford loped his
horse slowly down the lower slopes of
Cerro Colorado and the black bear came
loping at his heels; loping for awhile and
then stopping to rest, and lying out as flat
as if he was stone dead, then getting up
and going to wher* Ford waited for him.
And when they came into town and the
people heard that Ford was leaving the
country never to return a hundred offers
were rnnde to him for the bear that had
never known muzzle nor chain nor collar.
"No," said he, "where I go 'Jack' goes.
If I find when I get to San Francisco that
I can't get a passage for him on the
steamer to New York and another one
when I get there that will take him across
the Atlantic why we will both stay on thi3
side."
But that was half a dozen years ago.
Since then letters have come across the
seas from Ford.
And "Jack" is with him.
Ida M. Strobridge.
Into what is now knewn as Monterey came Padre Junipero Serra and
Soldier Portala and their ecclesiastical and military followers. The sword
with the cross hilt told of the vengeance of man. The cross told of the
mercy of the divine Savior. Through the windows of the darkened soul
of this Indian girl, to whom was given a new name, came in the light of
salvation and her life was illuminated.
Truly, from that day she had visions of lands as fair as Eden as she
dreamed beside the ocean and pondered with wonder over all the padres
had told her. Chiquita, the Spaniards named her. She had a lover, a
bearded Spanish soldier. But even while love was ripening an insidious
disease preyed upon her. Not many months had passed when the secret
voice whispered to her that she must go hence. She said nothing io Jose t
but her eyes took on a wistful look. She was like Eve when she first heard
thai.she must go from Paradise. Much like Paradise was earth becoming
to Chiquita, with Jose and the religion of his people.
When he saw that she was slowly fading away he wandered by the
shore trying to be brave and strong. Daily their footsteps were together
until her strength utterly failed. Then she lay in her adobe hut, over
which the wild morning glories grew, and gazed oui across the hills and
over the blue Pacific The earth grew green with the early rains, and she
lingered. Daily now Jose sat by her and held her hand, and so they jour
neyed on and on toward the end, she longing to stay and ever wishing to
look backward, and he, broken-hearted but brave, trying to buoy her up.
One day they saw the gate through which they were to pass. She saw
if clearly, and he knew of it some way in Her look.
"When I am dead, Jose," she said, "you will see that the white rose
of the Garden of Eden is placed in my hands."
The last hour came and Jose threw his stout arm around her, even as
Adam bad strengthened Eve as they neared the gate from Paradise. la
one hand she held Eve's white rose. Theother hand clasped his trembling
fingers.
"Yet one more look," she said, unconsciously repeating the words
of Eve.
He raised her and she gazed upon the flowering fields and so went
through the gate. Jose, too, leaving bliss behind him, went out once mor'
on the sand and looked out on the ocean— never to be comforted more.
He too had lost Paradise.
She was buried on Christmas day. In her hands were the only cluster of
buds that Eve's rosebush bore. As the service was over and no sound
broke the silence excepting Jose's sobs, Padre Junipero Serra uttered an
exclamation of surprise.
"The rose, the rose!" he said, with an expression of rapture and rais
ing his hands toward heaven.
The buds in the cro.-sed hands of Chiquita had opened. The reverent
Jose saw with wonderment that in the heart of each was a blood red
crucifix.
bo the red stains of centuries of tragedy had taken on this shape above
the stilled heart of this sinless California girl, whose taste of her first
Paradise was brief, and in lier pulseless fingers she clasped the sign of
expiation for sin.
"Wonder upon wonder," said Padre Serra as he walked out into the
garden.
There Eve's rosebush stood quivering for some invisible cause and
there it soon withered and died.
Never more shall the hands of our mother Eve invisibly extend
through the years to take from her children for her own the roses of her
lost Eden, for the rose has perished, root and branch.
IN THE CITY OF THE AZTECS.
Some Pleasant Memories of a Christmas
Under the Sunny Skies of JMexico.
For nine nights before Christmas in the
City of Mexico they hold what they call
las posadas.
Several families join together and have
the posadas at the different houses in
turn. Posada means inn, and they repre
sent the Virgin Mary and Joseph looking
for a place to stay in Bethlehem. Most oi
the company are gathered in the sala,
where in one end they have a little altar
arranged.
Mary and Joseph with a few followers,
dressed in the costume worn in the Holy
Land at the time of the birth of Christ,
come to the house. Mary is often
mounted on a burro. They knock at sev
eral doors, singing all the time, asking
shelter for the night, but they are denied
and the door is closed to them, until at
last they come to the sala, where those in
side answer them in singing, and the door
is thrown op. n. Mary dismounts from
her burro, and they all sing together the
hymns of the posada. Then they kneel
before the altar in prayer. I thought I
never saw anything more picturesque and
really touching.
The music of the posada is very sweet.
After the prayer is finished, a fine band
strikes up in the next room, and they
dance merrily until midnight.
The last posada is Christmas eve. In
the center of the room is hung a huge
olla decorated in the gayest and most fan
tastic style, with bright-colored and sil
ver and gold paper. This is full of pres
ents and dulce-, and each one takes a
whack at it with a big sticK. and, as it
breaks, the presents fall to the floor and
there is a great scramble and t very lively
time and plenty of fun. Besides this,
every guest is presented by the hostess
with a little gift.
They dance until the bells begin to nng
for. midnight mass, then all adjourn to the
church. The mass is very beautiful and
solemn. '
The great plaza, or zocalo, as it is called,
is a wonderful sight for a week before
Christmas. It is full of booths where they
sell all sorts of things. From long poles
and cords stretched across are hung ollas
of all shapes and sizes decorated most fan
tastically. Quantities of the beautiful
Guadalajara pottery and pottery from all
parts of the country are for sale, and dalces
and fruits of every kind.
The men in their broad sombreros and
leathern suits covered with dangling metal
buttons, gay sashes and bright zarapes,
the women in their skirts of gay colors,
their rebosos over their heads, their em
broidered chemises and heavy silver orna
ments, make a most interesting and bril
liant pictnre. There are such throngs of
all kinds of people, also buying ollas and
little gifts for the posadas, from the poor
peon, dressed in his white cotton suit, to
the haughty lady who alights from her
elegant carriage. *
This zocalo is a historic place. It is said
JOSE AND CHIQUITA.
where is now the garden in 1312 was the
little rocky island on which the long
looked-for sign was discovered by the Az
tecs — the eagle with the snake in his bill.
They built here the famous teocalli, the
place of cele bration and sacrifice. Through
this plaza, in the time of the Spaniards,
prisoners of church and state have passed
on their way to the faggot and the scaf
fold. It was a barren, great square when
Maximilian and Carlotta arrived in Mex
ico, but Carlotta transformed it from a
dreary place to a charming garden.
Christmas is a quiet day in Mexico. In
the afternoon the band plays on the Faseo
de la Reforma and all the world turns out
to drive or promenade. This boulevard is
170 feet in width, and with its glorietas
(circles) and its magnificent trees is one
of the finest driveways in the world.
Mexico also owes a debt of gratitude to
Carlotta for the creation of this paseo.
As we drove out on the paseo last
Christmas with our friends we were es
pecially attracted by the statue of Cua
uhiemoetzin in the second glorieta.
Cuauhtemoetzin was the last Emperor of
the Aztecs. There is something strik
ingly noble in the pose of the figure. Ha
seems every inch a king. He is repre
sented as advancing and about to cast th*
spear raised in his right hand. On his
feet are sandals and over his shoulders be
wears the royal robe, and on his head the
feathered crown. This memorial was de
signed by Jiminez, the eminent architect.
On a platform having four stairways,
each guarded by bronze leopards, stands a
bazaltic pedestal in three parts. The first
of these bears two reliefs and two in
scriptions. The reliefs represent— one jhe
captive Prince before Cortez, the other
the torture of Cuauhtemoetzin and Tetle
panpuetzal (from whom Cortez expected
to learn where the royal treasure was hid
den). On the second part of the pedestal
are the names of four heroes and repre
sentations of Aztec arras and shields.
Toe third section, beautifully ornamented
with ancient symbols, is surmounted with
the noble statne of Cuauhtemoetzin.
On the 2ist of August, the anniversary
of his torture, the Indians come from far
and near to do homage to his memory.
They have addresses ia the Aztec language,
and some say they lie at the foot of the
memorial all night and weep over their
sufferings and wrongs and the loss of their
ancient empire.
During our drive on the paseo we met
many of our friends, with whom we ex
changed the pretty Mexican greeting of
twinkling the lingers, the beso soplado, as
it is called.
The day was perfect. The lovely blue
sky of Mexico was so clear and so blue and,
although Popocatepetl and lxtaccihuatl
raised their grand snow-crowned peaks so
near us, the air was balmy and warm, and
we look back with pleasant memories of
Christmas under the sunny »kies of
Mexico. Amelia Klutc
2728
MOST NOVEL CELEBRATION OF THE CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
J\ Chinese Santa Claus Is the Remarkable Feature of a Christmas Eve Jubilation of Celestials at
the Presbyterian .Mission Home
§T was a strange crowd of people that
assembled at the Stockton - street
Church to celebrate the yearly festival
of Christmas. On one side of the large
audience room there were women with
their babes in their arms and their older
children clinging to them. On the other
side were men of all ages and stages of ex
istence. Quakers? No, Indeed— the Chi
nese 1 There were a few Americans pres
ent, the teachers in the mission schools
and a few ot their friends, but so few
were they that they looked out of place.
There was a Christmas tree at the farther
end of the Church, covered with gay
colored trinkets and pretty wax candles.
The children looked like an animated
field of vari-colored poppies in their
strange little costumes.
After I had looked around at all this
and had marveled at the happiness of the
children and the contented looks of the
women and the interested attitudes of the
men, I heard them saying, and saying it
with fervor, as though they meant it:
"Glory to God in the highest, and on
earth peace, good-will toward men!"
Then a bright-looking Chinese boy hur
ried up to me.
"Come," he said, and he took me to a
seat among the women and children, and
driited back again through the crowd.
On the platform the little ones were
singing their little songs and reciting
verses with great precision. Not one be
came stagestruck from the tall girl who
said the poem of "Bethlehem" in the
same tone of voice from beginning to end,
with absolutely nopauses(l began to won
der if fahe ever would get breath again), to
the strange little piece of humanity whom
they had to put upon a chair while he
said bis three little lines about Santa
Claus, with a great deal of prompting.
There were other babies who toddleo up
to the high platform and looked over that
sea of upturned faces with wonder pic
tured on their own little yellow counte
nances and in their peculiarly bright
little eyes, and sang about "The little
manger where Jesus lay his first morn
ing on earth."
P'or two hours the children acted their
little parts and the elders ate or stood and
listened and smiled and applauded
roundly, and then there was a commotion
in the back part of the room and some
thing happened which sent the children
into transports of joy, for there walked
down the aisle, a sack on his back and a
great horn in his hand, a Santa Claus.
Now, who ever heard of a Chinese Santa
Claus? Yet there he stood, whiskers and
snow and all, with his round, good-na
tured face beaming with delight, shower
ing gifts upon the little ones.
One Chinese woman held a tiny baby in
her arms. The child wore a daintily em
broidered white dress such as the Ameri
can children wear and its straight black
hair and queer little face looked out of
place above it.
"She is a Christian, 1 ' said a teacher.
''Her husband is a merchant and a deacon
here in the church."
"But why doesn't she dress the child in
its native dress?" asfced I, tcKing excep
J\ Christmas Dance in Alaska
Hunters and Jrappers Brav>e Dangers Hundreds of J^iles
OVer /\rctic Wastes to Celebrate
fITSJjiN the 10th day of December, 1895,
I'-fc'l^ fleet-footed Indians — Aleuts, Klin-
Ilijl^ kats and Siwashes— left the little
village of Odiak, on Prince William Sonnd,
Alaska, upon amost unique rcistion. They
were messengers, sent out on foot, in the
depth of an Alaskan winter, to travel
hundreds of miles over trackless wastes
of snow, to say to hunters and trappers:
"Ugh! Heap big dance at Eyafc heap
soon. Come onl"
For there was to be a Christmas-eve cel
bration at Oiiak. which was to take the
form of a dance, and the bold white men
who were bidden to come were invited to
travel alone through blizzards; following
down the course of ravines, which de
bouch in a general way from Alaskan wil
dernesses, toward the sea; to come, draw
ing their provisions with them, on sleds;
armed to protect themselves against the
wolves, whose "long liowl" is still "heard
on Unalaska's shore." It is a memorable
fact that, of the twenty-three white men
within 200 miles of Odiak, not one failed
to embrace this chance to celebrate Christ
mas eve.
The hunters and trappers and also the
fishermen along the coast heard the sum
mons with pleasure. They were Danes,
Swedes, Norwegians, Russians, English
men, Canadians and one or two Ameri
cans. They were living separately, each
in his cabin which he had built far re
mote from any other man's domain. Six
months in the year they lived in what
Beemed like an illimitable world of snow
and ice, Arctic desolation, by day setting
and tending traps or hunting over the
snowy wastes on snowshoes. Each man
was adaptable to circumstances, some
times hunter, trapper, trader or fisher
man; sometimes prospector, searching for
shining particles of gold along the
Alaskan rivers.
Blizzards such as are taken account of
in North Dakota were blowing frequently
day and night. In the solitary darkness
of this isolation tl/e dismal music of the
storm winds and the beating of sleet on
the roof was often varied by the scratch
ing of howling wolves at the outside of the
cabin which sheltered its adventurous and
stout-hearted owner. Not one of the men
who was invited in somewhat uncere
monious fashion but knew all the dangers
of a long midwinter journey. Not one
could resist temptation to have a Christ
mas eve frolic.
Where it was reasonably convenient
two of the hardy northmen traveled to
gether toward Odiak. Generally they
proceeded singly. The rivers and other
water courses had long before been frozen
solid. The sweep of the fierce winds had
tilled the river up level, from bank to
bank, with snow, so that there was noth
ing to tell the traveler whether he was
passing over land or water. All familiar
landmarks on the route seaward were ob
literated. A trail, whs buried by the snow
as soon as it was made. What then ?
Christmas eve dance "or bust," to trav
esty the old sayiDg about Pikes Peak.
tion to its unnatural appearance. The
little one looked as strangely awkward as
a Chinese woman in a tight-fitting corset
and a hat or a Chinaman in a stiff collar
and patent-leather shoes.
"Why," she exclaimed, with wide-open
eyes, "she is trying to be a Christian."
"The Rev. Mr. Condit beamed upon all
with his kindly face. It did not matter
how tney were clothed or what they did
or said — it was all the same to him when
they meant well.
"They are mere children," he said, "that
is, the women are. You see. heretofore
they have been like sla,ves, shut up for
generations with no knowledge of any
other life. But they are quick and apt to
learn. Indeed, they are the greatest imi
tators in the world. When we teach them
a song we sing it for them and they repeat
exactly, mistakes and all, not only ex
pression in voice, 'but in face and manner.
"You think they are sincere?" The
good workers among these peo pie looked
surprised at the question.
"No doubt of it," one said; "not the
least." And she passed on up the church
aisle, distributing little red bags full of
candies.
"You see,*' said another, a pleasant
faced little woman, "they are very hard
to reach. They do not like to have us come
into the privacy of their households, es
pecially the merchants, but alter we do
The hunters, traders, trappers and fish
ermen drew on their winter supply of pro
visions and loaded enough to last them
several days on their sleds. These were
narrow affairs, perhaps two feet wide and
five to six fest long, with turn-up runners
in front. The doors of cabins were made
secure before the start to prevent the wild
animals, wolves and wolverines from get
tine in during the absence of tenants, so
that when tbeowners came back from their
"lark" they might not find that their win
ter food had all been devoured.
A few days beiore Christmas those near
est to the village came in. The distances
ranged from twenty-live miles up to 200
mile?. The shorter distances were enough
to turn the wearer of * hir coat into a
pretty fair resemblance to Santa Claus —
Santa Clans on snowshoe?. The tempera
ture averaged from 20 degrees to 30 de
grees below zero. Snow or sleet falling
froze in an instant. Ten minutes after its
first exposure each fur cap and iur coat
was frozen stiff. Later it accumulated
several layers of snow and ice. Clad from
head to foot in iurs and with only peep
holes through the fur caps, which were
drawn close down over the face, with thick
woolen mittens on their hands, one hand
holding a (rusty rifle and thp other draw
ing a loaded sled, these plucky devotees
of fun stalked into the village one after
another.
Those who came from long distances
were several days on their journey. They
encountered storms which drove the frozen
snow like bullets through the air. They
lay down at night on snowbanks thirty
feet deep, and, wrapping more furs about
them, slept securely., the wolves howling
in the vicinity but not yen uring to make
an attnclc. They lived mostly on salmon,
dried salmon and smoked salmon, as they
journeyed. Their appetites were good
enough to give anytuing eatable a relish.
They never lost their way, because they
traveled, every man of them, by compass.
They were navigators of the snow.
Charlie Foster of Berkeley was the only
Californian who was present at the Christ
mas eve dance in Odiak in 189,3. He had
been living in Odiak some months, his
time being occupied in building boats,
large and small, lie told yesterday the
story of the Christmas eve dance in which
he participated. The event was charac
teristic of Alaska and of no other place.
They had the dance in a building which,
in the season, Is used by the Alaska
backers' Association. Walter Storey of
San Francisco has charge of it. It is a
two-story affair, sheathed with rustic and
built very strongly to stand the heavy
gales that blow there. The upper floor is
a bunkroom. The lower part is divided
into dining-room, kitchen and store
house. The building is about 40x90 feet
long and the dining-room, where the
dance took place, was more than half the
whole of the ground area.
Around the room were benches. At
one end was a pile of benches built up
into a sort of rough stage for the musi
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
interest them their homes are always
open to us, and we notice that they are
more cleanly and they move into better
quarters if their means will allow and
their homes are decorated more pret
tily.
"We have a missionary who speaks
their language, and she, of course, assists
us greatly, for few of the women can
speak our language. But they are just
like children," she added.
I watched her as she passed up the
aisle, smiling and speaking to every one,
no matter who they were. And I glanced
at the faces, some of them hard — hard as
flint — their owners giving a dissatisfied
exclamation at her greeting. Others,
with their little ones about them — and
none of these were hard— returned her
smiles and looked happy when she spoke
to the children and hushed the little ones
with endearing little pats and shakings of
their glossy black heads. And others?
Oh, they sat or lolled about on the seats,
A NOVELTY IN CHRISTMAS CELEBRATIONS — A CHINESE SANTA CLAUS.
and one woman was sitting In an arm
chair in a fashion that would have made
a grotesque dancer at the head of his pro
les<ion turn green with envy.
The Chinese are never hard or indiffer
ent to kindness. They receive your pleas
antries with broad smiles of satisfaction,
and answer your queries as best they
can.
cians. The orchestra was somewhat
primitive, consisting of'two fiddlers and a
banjo player. The fiddlers were traders,
both Swedes. The banjo-player was a
pastry cook, who is employed by the Pa
cific Steam Whaling Company at Orca
station, which is four miles from Odiak.
He wr.s sent for by a native, who went in
a canoe. In fact, other fishermen were
sent for in canoes. Some of them came
in single canoes and some in a "three
hatch bedarky."
The "prompter" was Jack Shepard, a
hunter, who was master of ceremonies.
He has lived in Alaska fifteen years, and
has hunted all along the Yukon.
Now there are no white women in
Odiak. In the village there may be IJ3O
persons. Among these are native girls
who can dance, Siwashes, Aleuts and
Klinkats. Some of them are very good
looking?, with back eyes, straight black
hair and fair ficures. They all came to
the dance. So, in fact, did every inhabi
tant of the village, men, women and
children. The natives were dressed as
ordinary, all except the girls, who flared
out in various patterns of calico gowr.s —
every one ol them being in calico.
Two lanterns with reflectors, throwing
out a blaze like the headlight of a loco
motive, and half a dozen kerosene lamps,
which were fastened up in brackets about
the sides of the room, furnished the neces
sary illumination. The natives filled
| their allotted share of the benches.
j Among the spectators were little Aleut
I babies, fastened to boards and placed not
I very far from the big box stove, which
stove, red hot, glowed at the end of the
room farthest from the orchestra.
That was a great night in Odiak— the
greatest in its history— and it will supply
a date by which to place other events,
which will be recalled hereafter as having
taken place before or after the Christmas
eve dance of 1895. The proceedings were
opened at 8 o'clock in the evening with a
"Are you a Christian?" I asked of one.
He shook his head and laughed.
"Are you going to be?'
He shooK his head again.
"Me? No good," he said. 4t Chill'en
nice — yes !" and he laughed.
I laugUed, too, for I had heard before
that "religion was good for women and
children."
"How long has this mission been estab
lished?"
"Only forty years," said a mission
ary, seriously. "But we are doing well.
We have a Chinese pastor, the Rev. Soo
Hoo Nam Art, and a Chinese Christian
Endeavor Society, and the Chinese King's
Daughters, and all the societies that other
churches have."
"And you never get discouraged ?"
"What have we to discourage us? They
will all come in after awhile. We have
over 500 members now."
And forty years!
These are the people who are going to
vote. The people who are, in time, going
to fill the land with their manners and
customs unless they conform to ours.
"And will they?" I asked of a converted
Chinaman who stood near me.
He looked up through his glasses into
my face.
"Not at all!" he said, frowning as
though in deep thought. "My people like
few preliminary plunk-er plunks on the
pastry cook's banjo and some very vigor
ous sawing on the hunters' fiddles. Tten
the voice of JacK Shepard rose witn the an-
nouncement of a square dance, and the
hunters, prospectors, miners, fishermen
and traders in furs went at it with enjoy
ment and vigor, according to the labor
which they had undertaken and accom
plished to be there.
The most of the hunters and others
were dressed in thick woolen clothing,
some with blue shirts and all in a rough
and ready way, with one exception.
This one exception was a trapper who had
somewhere found a full-dress suit. This
he wore in a spirit of fun, and the party
so had one dude. Every girl danced
every dance, when invited, round and
square. By 10 o'clock the "dude"
had shed his coat; at 11 he was also
without his vest. At 12 dancing was off
for a time and the men went into the
kitchen and sat around pine tables and
had refreshments.
The men did not invite the squaws to
eat with ihem. The first table was only
for the white men, who varied the pro
ceedings by a few songs and some
speeches. Then the girls ate and then the
dancing was resumed. In the meantime
the native men and older women nr.ade
their way to the kitchen and banqueted.
The bill of fare began with salmon,
ended with salmon and had salmon in
/
the middle. The fish diet was washed
down with coffee. If any of the white
men had pocket-flasks they did not show
them up. The natives all drank coffee.
The banjo player strummed until his
fingers were sore. The fiddlers worked out
all their repertoire and then worKed it
over again. The native babies went to
sleep on their boards to be awakened by
some shout of glee at some unusual terp
sichorean feat and then sank off stoically
into slumber again. The natives sat
around chewing tobacco and occasionally
using it for snuff. There were hundreds
of grunts of approval from them during
the progress of their dance, There was
time, for the dancers kept at it until day
light. Then they stopped only because
they were tired.
One week later the hunters, fishermen,
miners and traders started forth again
traveling over the Arctic solitudes and
with the belief that they had properly
celebrated Christmas and had "done it up
Drown." Charlie Poster in his Berkeley
home smiles still as he thinks of that
Christmas eve.
1 stay together. They like each other best;
but line this country, too, if they make
money, and after while they learn. But
you have customs we no like to have our
selves learn."
"Indeed?"
"Yes," hewenton. "The Chinaman he
pretty bad; but not all through. He not
greedy, has big heart. You treat him well
I — he — "and he laughed pleasantly, "all
rignt."
Then he hurried away.
It was a steep climb to the home and it
was late, but I wanted to see them put the
"babies"(as they are called) to bed. So I
walked slowly along and the animated
i flower-garden clattered ahead on their lit
| tie wooden shoes. Behind us, far down
The Fakirs' Yuletide Glopy.
J-lumor of the Season When the Jirv Monkey and Other Funny
Contrivances /ire JMucK in Evidence.
WiJFiY lady stepped from her carriage
iVjoand walked haughtily in to buy
4Jv?Lt some Christmas presents. •; The
odors of "Araby ; the blest" perfumed the
circumambient air, floating i. from ; her
dainty garments. After she had alighted
the shiny door of her. carriage was closed
by an obsequious footman. A moment
i later the = footman was on the box beside
a gorgeously appareled and rubicund
coachman and seemingly became petrified.
* The coachman, whip in hand, was the
larger of the two. He was as immovable
and as impassive as that Egyptian exam
ple of architecture, bounded by a polyg
onal base and with plane triangular sides
which meet in an apex, commonly known
as a pyramid. Pir-em-us, ■so i ran . the
original Egyptian word to describe verti
cal height. Pir-em-us, something lofty, is
the only way ;to describe that coachman.
WiTfirr^inUi' if >11 *■■ i*fwin— nmnifiJtiK iimili i hmmh h •
Naturally being more ornamental, the
footman was more like a human being —
something between a cold tumulus and a
man — perhaps more like a Sphinx.
This was in the height of the Christmas
shopping in San Francisco and the Christ
mas sireet fakers were in their glory.
Those who saw tnem knew that Christ
mas would not be ushered in according to
proper form without the fakers. The task
before the two solemn men on the carriage
box was to keep solemn and oblivious of
evirything going on in Market street, all
excepting the movements of her ladyship,
and a smile would be a cardinal sin.
A middle-aged lady came along the
sidewalk, flanked by two cherubs, evi
dently her own, and she had one hooked
on at either side, by her crooked fingers,
as boats are hooked onto a ship by davits
while it is proudly sailing through the
brine.
"Here, y'are, git a climbin' monkey for
two bits; only place in the United States
to get a monkey that every one can make
climb."
the hill the street lamps struggled bravely
to pierce the heavy darkness, and suc
ceeded in intensifying the shadows. In
the east the moon tried to peer through
the dark-rimmed clouds that obscured her
vision.
And all these people, what were they
doing and where were they going, and
would the odor of the Christmas greens
leave pleasant memorips or would they
forget it all and sink into their narrow life
again for another year, and some, per
haps, forever?
•'Glory to God in the highest," said a
voice behind me, "and on earth peace,
good-will toward men."
I looked back, but it was only a bright
faced China boy talking with companion.
The woman with the two cherubs
stopped.
"Buy me a monkey, mamma?"
"You can't buy her a monkey unless
you buy one for me, too."
"Here, there, kid, stop pullin' at that
monkey! Yes'm; two will be four bits.
No'm; can't sell two for forty cents.
Mean thing? Well, I like that! You'd
better go where they sell whole menageries
for a quarter. Move on, please, and let
the public buy these monkeys and be
heppy."
The monkeys were climbing strings,
rattling their tin legs and arms seduc
tively. They were radiant in red paint
and made to appear doubly supple and
nimble by the deft hand of a master in the
art of manipulating the string. Two chil
dren looked wistfully and sorrowfully as
they were dragged away. The mother
went a half block, came back and meekly
laid down a shiny half dollar for two
monkeys in boxes. When she went away
first she was trying only v "bluff" that
did not go. When she went away the
second time the children were radiant,
and it was the mother who seemed to be
wistful and defeated.
Hard by a post stood a man who seemed
to have a small cylinder of paper protrud
ing from his mouth, and there were other
cylinders on either side of his mouth, ex
tending horizontally. His appearance at
tracted the attention of a half dozen Chi
nese babies. Queer little fellows they
were, as much like "brownies, 1 ' gotten up
lor a masquerade, with all sorts of colors
in their clothes and caps and wbite-soied
shoes. Their eyes were slanted equal to
those of the Khan of Tartary and they were
as pig- tailed as a Mandarin. Puff!
The man with the paper cylinders has
emitted his breath with the necessary
force to suggest the vigorous action of
leather bellows. The th ree cylinders of pa
per have suddenly shot out horizontally
and downward, and here is a real Mephis
topheles, with fierce paper mustachios and
elongated and not less fierce paper goatee,
long projecting downward.
The Chinese babes were fascinated.
They stood as still as statues as they were
herded by their Chinese female relative,
who had imposed upon her the duty of
keeping them from being run over by
cable or electric card or other vehicles.
The faker drew in his breath and the
mustachios and goatee shrank back to
nothingness. Herrmann never had a
more admiring audience than the street
faker Jound in these little Mongol^. In
fact they were too appreciative. They
appeared to have no nickels, but they
were admirers. When the faker puffed
out his breath their eyes glistened with
joy. When he drew in his breath their
eyes bulged out with wonder and the fear
that he had swallowed his whiskers and
would die — paper whiskers longer than
Judge Campbell's real ones. But they
bought nothing and blocked the way so
that no one else bought.
The wicked "running-mouse " boy was
Up in the brightly lighted rooms at the
home the children laughed and talked
and sang while they prepared for their
night's rest, and then the tiny lit
tle figures, robed in their white
gowns, knelt by the little white cots, and
with folded hands and hidden faces softly
murmured their evening prayers. And
then the little ones, with no thought of
fear or sorrow or trouble, jumped gleefully
into bed and were tucked in by kindly
hands.
"Lily," said one of the ladies, "can you
tell us something you are thankful for?"
Little Lily turned her eyes to where we
were standing and replied, modestly and
seriously :
"Yes'm; big feet." And no one laughed.
"Tell us why ? '
"Because, " she said, and she caught her
white gown in each of her pretty brown
hands, and her chubby, well-shaped feet
gleamed against the dark floor, "oecausa
now we can go out into the bright sun
light and see the sky and the flowers, and
hear the birds sing, and run about and
play, and all the little girls can come to
mission school." Then she made a grave
little courtesy and scampered to her bed.
"You know," said the young lady, "the
girls with small feet dare not leave their ■
homes alone because they would be kid- A*
naped, but those with large feet can gOf
anywhere with a great degree of safety.
Children have been Btolen from here, you
know, but we usually recover them if
they wish to come back. And they gen
erally do," she added.
I looked once more at the queer little
faces, with their narrow eyes peering at
me from under the bedclothes, and went
out into the street.
And the moon was shining brightly and
the street lamps did not look so dreary.
They had not so much darkness to battle
against now that the moon' 3 face was un
covered. The streets were very quiet and
I looked about, but there was no one near.
But all the way I heard, "Peace and good
will." Jean Mokkis.
Goffii\ plates as Omamervts.
The colh'n plate as a room ornament is
being discussed in the Boston Transcript
and Miss Maria Louise Pool sends to that
paper the following contribution to the
subject: "When I waa driving from Berk
shire County down to Boston some years
ago I stopped at a prominent house in a
village. In this house dwelt a distant con
nection of my traveling companion, which
explains why we halted there rather than
at a hotel. At night we were conducted to
a large chamber, on the mantelshelf of
which were placed the coffin plates of the
deceased members of the family. These
plates were set up so that the names and
dates were easy to be read. Over them wa3
a mourning piece, with tombstone, weep
ing willow and three mourners at the
grave. In the morning our hostess tried
to persuade U3 to stay longer, offering as
an inducement to take us to the cemetery.
We didn't stay. But this is not typical.
It is the only time I ever saw such i-latea
used as ornaments of a room."
there. He sold rodents that ran so nat
urally along the sidewalk that they seemed
real to the children, who showed their sex
by the way they acted. Tne mechanical
rats ran straight for them. The Chinese
eirl babies squealed and tried to get away.
The boys kicked at it. The woman who
had them in charge ran away and as she
shimmered through the sober-suited
crowd, gay in her Mongolian finery, with
the little, luminous Chinese babies trail
ing after, it was like the flight of a comet
for glitter.
One faicer raised his voice in mild adula
tion concerning the merits of a table full of
fuzzy dogs. Another had an outfit of
jumping green frogs which looked like
Aldermen of the reedy pool in dress coat
of vivid and staring green, with an Inordi
nate display of white shirt front and "wes-
Kit," as Sammy Weller might say. Still
another had crocodiles, long, tin fellows,
green as grass or greener, with wide star
ing mouths, and they were propelled by
strings in and among the pedestrians,
young and old, so that those who did not
"walk Spanish" promptly adopted the
"goose step," and bumpd against or fell
over each other to avoid stepping on the
tin saurians.
Odd fellows enough some of the fakers
were to hang on a Christmas tree for sou
venirs. While a fair share of them were
boys, they were not the everyday street
boy who sells trinkets. At once the
youngest youngster, ten minutes after he
struck the curbstone, was a full-fledged
merchant. "Not Wanamafeer nor A. T.
Stewart ever had the commercial idea more
strongly developed in their tender youth.
With one impulse they all shouted,
screamed, vociferated — in fact, used their
voices in so many ways that a glossary
could be filled with the requisite descrip
tive terms to embrnce all their vocal ef
forts. Not all the vestal virgins of Rome
had more thumbs than the fakers to point
with.
"Here is Mary and John," shouted an
urchin, as two un images were mechani
cally paced across the sidewalk drawing a
tin ' do?. They looked like a country
couple out for an airing.
Another urchin sold books for children,
fairy tales, "Cinderella," "Goody Two
Shoes," "Bluebeard" and so on through
the list— boots with flaring and gaudy
covers — and expended two dollars' worth
of energy diposing of four bits' worth of
goods.
The most singular wares sold by the
street-fakers to gladden the Christmas
throng were skeletons. True, they were
skeletons not over five inches long, toys of
the grisly and ghastly sort, whirling
manikins articulated with wire and pro
pelled spasmodically, almost galvanically,
with elastic bands. The ribs of these un
canny toys were white as driven snow.
The thin leg and arm bones were pale as
Death's white horse. The tiny skulls had
hollows for eye sockets. Now the fakers
may have sold some of these, but no child
was seen to buy one. People from tha
country only looked at them curiously.HoW Sar\ Francisco's Famous Mor\umer\ts ar\d Landmarks Would Appear Glotked irv
tke Gkristmas Qarb of tke Frozer\ East.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
2930
The Worldly Speculations of a Tuolumne Preacher, and How They Panned Out
Tf /fe:iyELL on to a half century ago I was
flV||jf^3 roused from an unsteady sleep by
Hl/l*p^ a loud, coarse voice which made an
unceremonious request on me to "git out."
Somewhat addled in mental parlance, out
he went from the interior of a stagecoach
which had been brought to stand before a
respectable looking house, about the front
of which were some twenty-five men who
seemed to take a great interest in the en
vironments. On realizing the fact of
being at the termination of a long stage
route and in response to inquiries, he was
informed that he was in "Columby" in
the southern mines and in . front of the
best hotel in southern Tuolumne.
This being the point where it was pro
posed to tarry a whiie the writer was duly
installed in his new home, and in time he
commenced a series of investigations into
the mineraiogical, biological, meteorologi
cal and botanical department! of nature,
for which work he was no better qualified
than scores of others.
In course of time, however, he became
quite familiar with matters connected
with these and other topics, including
considerable details of general personal
history. In fact he was pronounced by
the oracle of the town as being a "smart
chap," on the evidence of making a cor
rect diagnosis of a piece of dry sedimen
tary clay, which said oracle presented to
him as a test to measure his intellectual
development.
It was impossible to ignore tbe splendid
climate and the sublime scenery of this
part of California. In wandering around
the circuit of a few miles there was no end
to the intellectual least whicu greeted the
traveler. Directly adjoining the suburb
of Columbia to the south was a nice fertile
plain of over a mile square, whose beauty
had fallen a victim to the pick and shovel,
for it ..ad been discovered that nature had
filled in this space with huge limeston
boulders and hidden them with a deposit
of auriferous graveL
This latter commodity was beinz rapidly
transferred to flumes and carried do*n
the bed of an adjoining creek, the gold
being collected in, the flumes. Thus this
once beautiful plain, stripped of all vege
tation, became a rough, naked held, with
cabins perched here aud there ou the sur
face of large bowlders. On its southern
borders was the town of Springfield, from
the midst of which a scboolbouse and a
church reared their pretentious spires.
In time it was discovered that the
foundation timbers of the church had
commenced to decay, and the building be
came unsafe for occupancy. A public
meeting was called under the prestige of
the Methodists, and it was resolved to
construct a new church of brick. A com
mittee was appointed to attend to this
matter, and in due course of time a new
church was constructed and handed over
to the congregation, with a bill of $1000
deficiency in expenses. There being no
urgency fund to draw from two veneiable
elders of the church became sponsors
therefor, and mutual satisfaction pre
vailed.
A short distance from the church there
was a neat cottage founded on a
horizontal surface of a large boulder
and occupied by the owner of
th - surrounding claim. ' He was the
fortunate possessor of a wife and five
children and a zealous member of this
church. Prosperity had gently smiled on
his daily toil and an atmosphere of quiet
happiness seemed to rest about his home.
But the b and sunshine of life is never
uniform. Fleeting clouds will sometimes
condense their unwelcome vanor on tbe
brightest mirror and storms spend their
force over beds of cherished flowers. Time
came when the bedrock was laid bare be
tween the boulders and shovels scraped
over its petreous surface in vain.
Pick and pan lay idle by the cabin door,
and the music of turbid waters and stones
Drinking in the Navy of Uncle Sam
They raised bis pay five cents a day.
Bat they slopped bis grog forever,
Macaulay says in one of bis essays that
"the merit ot poetry, in its wildest forms,
Btill consists in its truth." This may be
applied to the above lines, founded upon
the fact that in 1863 the navy "grog"
ration .was abolished. And this change
that came over the navy in the matter of
temperance is, in the New York Tribune,
credited to the influence of Rear-Admiral
A. H. Foote, who commanded the squad
ron that captured Fort Henry, on the
Tennessee River, on February 6, 1862.
Prior to this it was rare to find a
maa-of-warsman who did not appear
at "the mast" promptly at "eight
bells" and "splice the mainbrace,''
as serving out the spirit ration was
called. But the Navy Department did not
arbitrarily deprive "Jack" of what he
needed or of what he really wanted. On
the contrary, tbe commanders of squad
rons and of individual vessels were asked
for their views upon the proposition, and
were also directed to submit the question
to the crews, with the result that the
whisky ration in the early morning, be
fore breakfast, and in the afternoon was
discontinued. Jack is admitted to be the
better for it, and so is tbe navy. In tbe old
navy a fondness of drink among the officers
was not thought to be more than a "gen
tlemanly weakness," but tbe abuses of
the drinking habit became so extensive
after the civil war began, especially among
officers of the volunteer navy, that any
sort of prohibitory regulation was gratify
ing. The cause of this was the privilege
allowed to officers to have liquor always
on tap if they wished. As this privilege
was denied to tbe crew grog was issued
morning and evening, when each man got
a drink called a "tot," of half a gill of the
best whisky or rum.
The "grog ration" was replaced by an
allowance of 5 cents a day, or $1 50 a month
(equivafent to 2}.^ cents for eacn drinf),
and this allowance each officer and en
listed man received when serving on board
■hip. One of the sections of the navy
regulations, in fact, reads that no intoxi
cating liquor of any kind shall be allowed
on board ship; while another regulation
says, "Only beer and light wines shall be
allowed on board." But this latter
regulation applies to officers' messes
only, while the prohibitory ' regula
tion applies to the crew. But prohibition
does aot prohibit on board ship, although
it is the duty of the officer of tbe deck to
see that the corporal of marines carefully
examines every man coming from shore
to be certain that he has no liquor con
cea'ed on him. But this is not always ef
fective, for a man-of-warsman is an invet
erate rogue. Instances have been known
where sailors hay ■ concealed in the roof
of their large round-top caps a tube filled
with liquor or have carried a long bologna-
Bkin filled with it. When vessels are lying
in harbor members of the crew have been
"naif seas over," although not a single
one bad been on shore for a week.
Did the officers bring the liquor on board
to the men ? In the first place Jack
as they went rollicking down the flume
ceased to enliven an expectant household.
Disheartened and sad tbe miner sat in
profound contemplation on an old box
near the doorway of his cabin, alternately
glancing at his helpless offspring and
iaithful wife, then surveying the half
consumed contents of the flour sack, next
measuring with his eyes the daily de
creasing area of a side of bacon which
hung upon a nail, seeming to apprehend
impending want in a land teeming with
hidden gold. What could be done? How
many have asked the same question as
they struggled with the asperities of life,
strangers in a strange land, having near
them no sympathizing soul to whom they
could unload the hidden sorrows of the
heart ? But he thought he heard a voice
of inspiration, under the influence of
which he bent his knees in fervent prayer
to One who never rejects the approval of a
mellowed heart, nor fails to bathe it with
consolations id a holy love.
When he rose to his feat it was with a
resolve to struggle manfully against im
pending poverty by seeking a new field of
enterprise. He did cot forget to promise
a bonus of one share of any new claim
be might locate for the benefit of the new
church. Next morning he packed his
blankets, threw a pick and shovel over his
shoulders, and bidding adieu to his house
hold, started off on a precarious mission,
facing the east, in which direction vague
rumors had indicated the discovery of new
mining grounds. Night came on, and his
bed was beneath the shadow of a pine
tree, dimly lighted by a host of twinkling
stars.
Day after day this same experience was
repeated and he began to feel the further
he got from home the chances of success
in his mission decreased as the square
of the distance increased. His pluck, how
ever, did not abate, and though disheart
ening emotions would somtimea intrude
themselves oil bis attention, they would
be driven off in a short time by an elastic
imagination which painted the brightest
of pictures on the darkest of groundwork.
One day, feeling particularly sad and
lonely, he sat down in the cool shadow of
a rock and began to masticate the noon
day meal. At the conclusion of this he
took an inventory of his stock of dry
bread, bottled pork and beans and a few
hardtack biscuit. Three days' rations,
and four days from home! This dispro
portion between latent energy and wast
ing power was by no means an agreeable
fact, for he had not seen a human habita
tion since leaving home. Bracing him
self up to renewed exertion he went for
ward, true Yankee as he wa«. During the
afternoon journey he observed some
straggling pieces of quartz along the way
side, which, increasing in number, he
ultimately laid his pack aside and pro
ceeded to examine the situation. An
hour's prospecting realized the fact that
be was on a quartz lode of a gold-bearing
character. A systematic inspection fol
lowed, with a very favorable result, so
that within forty-eight hours the miner
set his stakes on the claim with four
names and one for the church, and
turned his face backward toward Spring
field. The joy with which his presence
was received, and the increase of joy fol
lowing the announcement of his discovery
may be easily imagined.
The parties interested in this enterprise
were soon equipped for operations, and
headed by the devout miner, who felt like
a small Moses leading the people to a
promised land, they traveled on un er his
guiding genius and in time made camp in
proximity to the golden ledge.
The necessary inspection accomplished,
they constructed an arastra and obtained a
blind old plughorse for motor power to
turn the shaft, one of the company face
tiously remarking that as everybody bad
to "go it blind" in mining operations, the
wouldn't think of putting such implicit
confidence in the officers; and secondly,
no officer would be guilty of such a viola
tion of the rules which define "conduct
unbecoming a gentleman." Tne secret
lay with the ''ftumboat" man, or the
"bumboat" woman; and the secret
would be disclosed by examining the
loaves of bread or tbe large claws
of the lobster, which make good
conveyances of liquor. The bum
boat men of Gibraltar used to be the most
expert, and several years ago the whole
company of an American war vessel be
came drunk one day on ''loaves of bread"
purchased from tbe boats when out in the
stream half a mile from tbe shore. On
the second day the officer of the deck
secured three loaves of bread and in each
was a half-pint flask of cognac. But these
schemes have become so well known that
they are seldom practiced now, although
tbe sailor finds a surreptitious way of get
ting his "toddy." If you ask him where
he got his liauor he would likely reply,
"Why, I tapped the foremast."
Another instance of Jack's inventive
genius occurred on one of the vessels an
chored in tbe harbor. One of the boats
went ashore with some of the officers, and
after it had returned to the ship one of
the men was discovered trying to smug
gle a bucket of stuff on board. The offi
cer of the deck ordered the man to go to
the side of the ship and "empty that stuff
overboard." Recognizing that the order
was meant to be obeyed, the man went to
the side and poured out the contents of
the bucket. But another sailor below
held a canvas bucket out of a porthole
and caught nearly all of the liquor, and a
little later the "boys in blue" were "splic
ing the mainbrace" on the bertbdeck.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECE3IBER 25, 1896.
horse should not be an exception to the
general rule. And so the primitive mill
commenced operations, and the work was
carried on with so much good sense and
judgmentj udgment that it yielded a lit.le more than
was sufficient to pay expenses from tbs
very start. Meanwhile tbe rock improved
in quality, so much so that in the course of
a few months it was deemed advisable to
levy an assessment for the construction of
a small stamp-mill, a good water-power
having been discovered at a convenient
point. Notice of this assessment was duly
served on every member of. the company
and on the church, and the resident own
ers immediately proceeded to put their
resolve into execution.
Up to this time the church enjoyed a
placidity which was commendable to its
spiritual character. Unfortunately there
is no locality exempt from the mephitic
exudations which flow from the kingdom
of Satan. No sooner was the demand for
assessment made upon the church than a
grand protest was announced by the
devout elders who had loyally stood in the
breach of its pecuniary necessities. They
averred that the church was poor enough
already, without going into the ungodly
and gambling schemes of quartz mining,
mid to srive emphasis to their denuncia
tions, they put their property beyond the
reach of contingencies. This stigma on
an honest business pursuit in which more
of their fellow members were engaged
produced much dissatisfaction, which
found expression in language quite as
emphatic as was compatible with the
ethics of good society. The frequent con
ferences which were called to heal over
Another trick was resorted to recently,
when a bask t containing a half dozen
bottles of champagne was being taken to
the ship in a steam-launch. One of the
sailors dropped a large wrench, acciden
tally, of course, into the basket, and
several of the bottles were broken. On
the way to the ship the sailors became
unusually thirsty. They frequently dipped
the cup into the tub in which they had set
the basket, and thus had a feast of cham
pagne before they r achsed the ship.
Wb n on shore liberty some of the sail
ors enjoy the removal of the prohibitory
regulations, and probaoly drink too much
occasionally, but as a rule they go ashore
and return to the ship as gentlemen, self
respecting and sober. It must not be
charged that American man-of-warsmen
are a set of drunkards. Such is far from
the truth. The sailor loves liberty and he
may drink too much sometimes, but the
United States navy never had a more re
spectable or law-abiding set of enlisted
men than it has to-day — a wonderful
change in thirty years, for which Admiral
Foote and many other officers may take
much credit to themselves.
Running the Engine.
John Jacob Assor's exploit in acting as
the engineer of an Illinois Central train
a few days ago is but another illustration
of the peculiar facination that a railway
locomotive has for rich young men who
inherit or acquire interests in railroads.
Mr. Astor has for several years been a di
rector of the Illinois Central road, and on
previous official inspections he has "run
the engine." He has a natural taste for
mechanics, and his love of railroading is
much like that of Dr. W. Seward Webb.
In tbe Adirondacks Dr. Webb and his
this unhappy conflict seemed only to con
firm a steady divergence of vievs and to
engender a bitterness of feeling which
forebode no good to the welfare of the
church.
About this time there came to Columbia
a new pastor, whose field of spiritual labor
included this bellicose district. Now, it
sometimes happens that a parson is as
signed to a locality where bis contention
is against that triple alliance of "tbe
world, the fles,h and tbe devil," and it is
not always that he can carry on a success
ful conflict against this solid combination
of opposing forces. Young and untried
ministers, after being fully imbued with
the pure and spiritual character of their
calling, are often sent off to some mining
town to sustain and propagate the gospel
The Miners Listened to the Preacher's Proposition.
without being provided with gold for their
purses or scrip for their journey. This
new incumbent, arriving at his field ot
labor, discovered to his chagrin that his
predecessor had left a church in debt, a
parsonage with bare walls, and a small
congregation, scattered and lukewarm.
In this dilemma he commenced his pas
toral visits, in full expectation that the
necessities of his family for bread would
be provided.
During the performance of this duty,
however, he discovered that his reverend
predecessor had gone round on similar
visits for contributions to enable him to
pay bis way to a more genial and profit
able field of labor. The new parson's ap
peal to the ladies of the congre ation met
with that warm and practical sympathy
which is ever ready to flow from the female
Heart, and in the course of a short lime his
personal traits are known to every native,
and his passion tor driving a locomotive
at a high rate of speed is regarded with
complacent pride all along the line of his
road. When a one or two car special
dashe- through the mountain region from
Old Forge to Malone, at a fifty-mile gait,
the simple mountaineer will turn placi ly
to his summer boarder and remark: "Dr.
Webb is running that train." Occasion
ally the trackmen, on their morning
rounds, will find the wreck of a handcar
lying at the bottom of the railroad em
bankment, or several yards from tbe
track at the edge of the woods. Their in
variable comment will be: "The Doctor
must have been here last night." It is
seldom that anybody is hurt on such oc
casions, for the Adirondack railroad men
are experts in jumping from handcars.
George J. Gould was able to handle a
locomotive long before he became a rail
road president. Like Dr. Webb, he is a
genuine sportsman and enjoys the sensa
tion of going last. While making his
periodical inspections of the several lines
in the Southwestern system President
Gould irequently relieves the locomotive
engineer for hours at a time. Frank
Thomson, vice-president of the Pennsyl
vania lines, knows how to "run the en
gine" almost as well as any veteran.
Two of the sons of James J. Hill, the
president of the Great Northern, are said
to be as much at home in the cab of a
locomotivo as they are in the dining-room
of their father's house. S. H. H. Clark,
president of the Union Pacific, has taken
all of the degrees of railroading, and he
can -'brake" a train as well as handle an
engine.
Chauncey M. Depew, with all of his
versatility, has never yet undertaken to
operate a locomofive.— New York Times.
The science of physiognomy dates from
th<> writings of Lavater, who was born in
1741 and died m 1801.
family was provided with everything nec
essary to make a comfortable home. His
ministerial functions now commenced,
and in due course of time he became ac
quainted with the disturbed condition of
his Springfield congregation, which af
forded an opportunity to bring into ac
tivity some of tbe most precious qualities
inherent in a Christian minister! To
soothe breasts excited by the storms of
passion; to restore the sunshine of broth
erly love in hearts which had apparently
cast off its divine spirituality are works
which belong to the discipleship of the
Great Master.
With these and kindred feelings stimu
lating his devotional soul be made his
way to the camp of the rebellions flock,
and calling the members together invoked
the spirit of prayer; but the coats seemed
to be in the ascendent, there was no
prayer in them. The low murmurings of
dissatisfaction gradually culminated in an
uproarious conflict of words with much
recrimination.
It was manifest that this moral cyclone
wonld not be allayed by ordinary methods,
and a3 the parson contemplated the turbu
lent scene there seemed to be but faint
prospects of reducing the excitement to n
reasonable basis; and that was tbe work
to be accomplished. There being no alter
native the parson adjourned tbe meeting
and traced his way sadly back to his own
parsonage.
Whiie laboring under severe mental dis
tre ssfrom the causes just named a happy
thought occurred to him — that he should
pay all assessments, as well as the debt of
thecburch, out of dividends which might
Novel Horseless Sleighs of the East
The first heavy snowfall in New York
and Paris this winter signal. zed the
coming of the most novel invention for
the sleigbine season — horseless sleighs.
Heretofore the horseless wagon has had a
monopoly, but French genius has ex
changed the wheels for runners, and in
place of the dainty drag is the two and a
half seated sleigh — two and a half seated
because there is a little seat for tbe driver
in front and room for four persons in the
body of the sleigh.
Perhaps it may seem a little out of place
to talk about driving a horsel>S3 sleigh,
but if an engineer drives an engine why is
it not possible for a pretty girl to drive a
horseless sleigh propelled by a gasoline
motor? Thet is just what is going to
happen, for fashion has so decreed.
Everybody knows that fashion is ex
ceedingly well posted and, wise dame that
she is, always familiarized herself with
novelties before the less clever world
knows that they are in existence. Thus it
is that the New York carriage manufac
turer who has just announced that the
honor of introducing the French invention
is to be his will be the envy of all his fel
lows, because the fact that he is first and
foremost with this novelty is proof posi
tive that he is fast friends with fashion
herself.
A very excellent idea of just how this
sleigh, that moves without the aid of
horses, looks, can be obtained from the
accompanying illustration. In general
appearance it does not differ from the
regulation affair on runners that we see
every winter. However, careful examina
tion sbows beneath the body of the vehicle
the apparatus that moves the runners in
stead of making the wheels go round.
The sharp-toothed wheel that is seen is
be forthcoming, provided the church
would give him the claim after this in
debtedness was expunged. The more he
reflected <>n this proposition the more
favorable it became, so much so that after
a few days he concluded to call bis unruly
flock to another conference. The sum
mons went out, and everybody came, as
everybody will come when there is a fair
prospect, of a fight.
The meeting being called to order and
the fighting blood being warmed, the audi
ence waited till the parson should throw
the first stone. But herein the people
were disappointed. In a mild and dispas
sionate tone he repeated the foregoing
proposition, and scarcely had taken his
seat before the old elders jumped from
their chairs and moved that tbe proposi
tion should be accepted by the church.
The motion was seconded by the young
men and in less than an hour the agree
ment was ratified and the war cloud sud
denly dissipated, nobody knew how. The
meeting adjourned after singing a Thanks
giving hymn as long and loud as it ever
was sung before.
The parson was highly gratified at this
triumph of peaceful measures, but as he
returned home he was serously disturbed
from the consciousness of not having a
dollar toward the payment of the impend
ing assessment. A thousand gloomy
specters crossed his mental vision as he
reflected on the immense responsibility he
had assumed without means to meet it,
for, as already seen, he was "strapped,"
in the lantuage of the day, and he had
not wherewithal sufficient to meet family
necessities. There was one source of world
ly cm fort left on which one can always
rely in the dark hours of life— that was his
wiie. To her he poured out the troubled
emotions of his soul, and she, with
womaniy sympathy, instead of asking for
a divorce, i aye him a loving kiss and bade
him remember the promises which are
given in that gospel which he expounded
to others.
Now came one of those remarkable epi
socies which occasionally develop a rain
bow on the dark clouds of life. While
this trouble was agitating the church a
temporary mill of small capacity was sub
stituted for the arastra and a run made of
picked rock. To the surprise and joy of
every one, when a "clean-up" was made,
a golden bar was turned out of such value
as rendered it unnecessary to call in the
assessment which had produced so much
disturbance in the church.
In a few days after the forementioned
occurrence, and while the parson was at
his wits' end to resolve some plan of re
lief, notice of this fact came from the
mine. This unexpected information razed
the mountain from his mind, which at
one time threatened both spiritual and
temporal embarrassment, and with alignt
and grateful heart he became more
zealous than ever in his ministerial mis
sion.
The little mill continued to prosper un
der judicious management and yielded
monthly dividends, which, in the course
of events, enabled the parson to pay off
tbe indebtedness of the church, and this
fact brought again into the Held of activity
the same venerable elders who in times
past had been so painfully exercised at
the idea of the church gambling in quartz
lodes. They now maintained that their
minister was only the appointed agent of
the church to pay its indebtedness, and
this function having been performed tbe
property in the lode should rightfully re
vert to tne church. They urged wonder
fully profound arguments to sustain their
posit'on, and even appealed to the con
ference to deprive their minister of his
just rights. Public sentiment was in bis
favor, and the committee appointed by
tne conference to investigate this matter
confirmed the parson's right to the pos
session of tbe property. The young di- j
what makes the sleigh move. It digs into
the frozen earth, propels the runners after
the same fashion, only with reverse mo
tion, that tbe propeller of the steamship
forces the craft through the waters of the
ocean.
The teeth of this wheel are very strong
indeed. In fact, no ordinary substance
would affect them in the least. A paving
stone has no terror for these teeth and as
for asphalt pavement the wheel makes
merry with it. Possibly this may be con
sidered an argument against tbe horseless
sleigh, but then that is borrowing trouble.
From this it may be seen that the wheel
with its sharp teeth is like unto the king
pin of tho wagon. Without it locomotion
would be very difficult.
Just back of the wheel and only observ
able after close scrutiny is the motor, or
rather the casing thereof. It is situated
directly under the last seat in the horse
less sleigh and the gasoline which moves
it is contained in a little tank that feeds a
burner from which proceeds tbe tiny flame
that results in such surprising power.
The steering apparatus of the sleigh
reminds one of a book and ladder truck or
a cable-car, or possibly of the brake of a
freightcar. Anyway the wheel lies in an
almost horizontal position secured tightly
at the end of a bar which inclines with a
curve toward the person who is sitting in
the seat of the driver. To guide the sleigh
it is necessary to turn the wheel from
right to left or left to right in accordance
with the direction in which it is desired to
go. The wheels turn very easy and it is
really less effort to steer the horseless
sleigh than to pull the rein attached to
the bit of a spirited horse.
For this reason it is not at all surprising
that in advance of the coming of the new
vine was the recipient of many dividends'
so that his field of spiritual labor was not
overgrown by the weeds and thistles of
worldly growth.
How frequently do we notice confirms-
Mons i of the old saying that misfortunes
and blessings never coma singly. Super
stition has inverted this adage, with a sig
nificance bordering on the supernatural
so that in many instances causes of phe
nomena if not unknown are entirely over
looked. About this time there died in an
Eastern State an old lady who had
adopted iv former years an orphan child
and educated and schooled her in the du
ties of life. The foster-mother of the
child manifested her interest and affection
by the bequest of a considerable portion of
her estate, which was now being distrib
uted among the heirs. This orphan child
became the wife of our parson, so that
here was an important addition to his in
creasing stock of worldly treasures. Nor
was the influx of prosperity arrested
here.
Tbe period of his labors in the land of
gold was about expiring and the success
of his mission as a minister and peace
maker was probably instrumental in his
being assigned a church near the bay
shore, with a good salary. The treasures
of this world and those of the kingdom
were now brought in juxtaposition, and
all the moral power at the command of
the parson was essential to maintain the
center of religious gravity. On removing
to bis new field of labor it became a ques
tion of some importance to decide on the
proper investment of his material wealth,
and it was ultimately concluded to estab-j
liah an additional sheepfold within clipJ
ping distance of the one over which Jw*
presided. In conformity with this plau.<£
ible determination bis golden fleece was
exchanged for one of those peaceful fields
of nature which form the border line of
the American River and which was peo
pled by stock of the same kind of animals
that Jacob took charge of when he bar
gained with the old patriarch for a lovely
wife.
To say that this enterprise succeeded
swimmingly is but a literal version of the
fact. The history of the American River,
in common with other affluents of the Sac
ramento, shows that its banks, once widely
separated, have been gradually contracted
by the immense amount of debris which
is carried down stream by winter rains
and summer thaws. The alluvial deposit
on each side of the river from this cause
has formed productive farming soil, to se
cure which in place levees have been con
structed on each bank, sufficiently high to
allow of a rise of water without flooding
the surrounding country. It was on a
portion of this that the parson located a
ranch, and the quiet gratification with
which he surveyed his flocks as they
grazed over the verdant plain made him
both thankful and happy.
But tbe poetry of life has no persistent
properties. Like vernal showers it comes
and goes with the inconstant currents of
the atmosphere. The sudden develop
ment of a storm will quickly change a
gentle and placid stream into an irresist
able and destructive torrent. An annual
flood of unusual magnitude came booming
down the American River from mountain
gorges packed with melting snow and
broke the feeble escarpment which was
intended to hold the torrent within its
lines.
- There was no high land on the par
son's domain on which his stock could
find a safe retreat, and horses and cows
and sheep became victims to the mercilesa \
flood as though they were but straws on J^
the troubled surface of the water. Thus
ended tbe worldly speculations of tbe
young divine, and though the wool of his
merinos slipped from his possession he
still retained the fleece of his pastoral
flock. W. P. Gibboh.
f est of sleighs the new women are arrang
ing to enjoy rides all by themselves.
There is no danger of tbe sleighs running
away. There is nothing about the steer
ing apparatus or the motor itself which
the simplest mind cannot comprehend.
It was the fashion at several of tbe sum
mer resorts last season to form bicycle
clubs exclusively composed of women. In
arranging for these sleighing parties there
fore, the young women are simply helping
a summer fad over the bridge of autumn
and into the land of winter. It is merely
further evidence that while the new woman
of fashion means to be as chic and pretty
as ever she intends to firmly impress upon
the young man of the period the fact that
he is by no means indispensable, and that
she can get along without him in a sleigh
just as easily as she can on a wheel.
It may be just as well that tbe young
women are going to ride by themselves,
for unless a hired man were taken along
to perform the duties of driver, or pilot,
or guide, or whatever the person who offi
ciates at the wneel is rightfully called, it
would be a rather difficult matter to in
duce one of the male members of the party
to go and sit in front by himself and leave j
the other fellow to enjoy the companion*
ship of the girl he left behind him.
However that may be, one thing is cer
tain, and that is that hand in hand in tho
matter of horseless sleighs, just as they
are in millinery. France and America will
cut a wide swath this winter in matters of
society. The beauty of it all is that though
it is old the sleigh is something entirely
new. This queer method of locomotion
has conjured into a novelty a pleasure
that has been enjoyed ever since the days
when those good old people who came
over in the Mayflower landed at Plymouth.
To think of a sleigh ride being a novelty
in th- northern section of the country is
almost as much a novelty as the novelty
itseif,
That is why if those who frequent the
New York boulevards the coming winter
hear tbe clang of a gong benind them
they need have no fear of being annihi
lated by some sort of fire apparatus or
braving the danger of the ambulance. It
is more than likely to be the horseless
sleigh which siguals its approach in the
same though louder fashion in which the
bicycle heralds its coming. Look out for
the horseless sleigh. It will be a beauty
and worth any one's while to see.
A N«-ble Moose.
One of the largest bnll mooses ever se
cured was shot recently in Maine. The
animal weighed fully 1200 pounds and,
stood twenty-one bands or seven feetl
high from the ground to the top of thi^"
wittier?, measuring ten feet from tip o*
nose to tail.
His noble bead was crowned by a splen
did pet of antlers, as lordly a pair as ever
adorned a wail, with a spread of fifty
inches. Tbe right side bad twe've prongs
and the left thirteen. Some were twelve
inches long, with a spread of thirteen
inches. in front and twelve inches along its
sides.— Boston Journal.Tfypee Surprises of .Nature.
J"he Biggest Jurtle or\ pecord, a Sr\oW-White Deer, ar\d a Jrio
of J^ure White GroWs.
Think of a turtle more than a century
old. After it had reached that ape the
thought that it was too old to fight would
be justifiable. Fact is a great enemy of
supposition, and the truth of the state
ment has just been proved off Cliff Island,
near the coast of Maine. John Pettingill
is the man to whom this remarkable ex
perience fell, and it came very near cost
ing him his life, for a battle with a sea
turtle weighing 362 pounds is something
that no man is anxious lor, especially
when he is located in a frail dory and his
enemy is in its native element.
The story of this battle between fish and
man is thrilling enough by itself. This is
what Mr. Pettingill told the writer:
"On the morning of October 29 I pushed
out to pull In some lobster traps. After I
had pulled in a few I saw a dark object
sculling along about thirty yards away I
was standing up, pushing my dory along,
and so I rode near to what I had seen. I
managed to get quite close to the object,
and then I saw that it was a turtle and a
big one too. At first I did not know
whether I had better try to get him or not,
but then I made up my mind that he was
worth having, and that I would try.
"I sized up the situation the best I
could and then I tackled it. Now, I don't
mind saying that there was a commotion
around there. You see, 1 had a big steel
gaff about six feet long. I made two or
three drives at the turtle, and then I
booked the gaff in his right flipper. This
seemed to make him want to bite some
thing. So he reached up his head and
opened his mouth and tried to bite the
gaff or the rail of the dory. We had a
lively time of it, and for some minutes I
really did not know who would come out
ahead, myself or the turtle. He thrashed
all around it with li is flippers, tried to
upset me and to bite holes in the boat, but
I managed to keep cltar of him.
"You see, I had him hooked solid, so he
stayed at his end of the gaff, while I kept
a tight hold on mine. Whenever he got
a chance he would try his jaws on the rail
of the dory, and incidentally reach for me.
I saw I was going to have a pretty hard
time of it, but I made up my mind to give
him a good try. After he had flounced
around and splashed awhile I tried to get
ahold of his flipper. In the struggle one
of my oars slid overboard, but as luck
would have it it diifted the same way that
the dory was going, and so I managed to
get hold of it again.
"After a long fight I succeeded in get
ting hold of the end of his right flipper.
My next aim was to get a rope fastened to
him. I had a rope with an eye splice in
it, so I made a slip noose, and forked It on
over his flipper, hauling it down tight.
While I was doing this the turtle was
doing his best to bite the rope off. After
I had got one end of the rope good and
tight around the flipper I took the other
end and made a balance. Then I watcned
my chance and got it on the other flipper.
"The turtle would not have it that way
at all. First he would try to break away
with one flipper and bit off the noose.
Then he would try the other side. After
a lone struggle I managed to cet the
turtle over on his back. Then I hauled
him snug against the stern of the dory,
and started in to tow him to the shore.
Don't get the idea that it was an easy
thing to do, for the wind and tide were
both against me. However, after about
three hours' hard row 1 landed the turtle
on shore, and g ot some people to help me
take care of it lam sure he is more than
a hundred years old, for anybody can see
that he is an old-timer. He is fairly cov
ered with barnacles, and looks not unlike
the hull of a ship that ha 3 been under the
water for a good many years."
Clear over the other side of the conti
nent, a bird fancier of Oregon has secured
three curiosities just as notable in their
way as the big turtle landed oy the Ciiff
Islander. The trio of natural wonders
consist of three white crows. They are
rare birds indeed, and one might travel
several months of Sundays where crows
abound without dreaming that such a
thing as a white crow was in existence.
These are genuine articles, however, all
three, and, oddly enough, with them is a
brother, a full-blooded brother, as black as
th 6 Dlackest ace of spades. The owner of
these curious feathered specimens is E. A.
Stuhr, the Seventh-street bird man, of
Cottage Grove, Or. They were brought to
him by F- M. Veatch, who found them in
a nest in the vicinity of the Bohemian
mines, not far from Cottage Grove. The
curious part of it all ia that Mr. Veatch
found the three white crows and the
black one in one nest, so there can be no
possible dispute regarding me fact that
they are all of the same iamily.
Mr. Stuhr says regarding his curious
property: "In all the twenty-seven years
that 1 have been a bird fancier, I never
heard anything so remarkable as three
white crows in a nest. In my time I have
owned some very curious freaks in the
bird line, but never anything like this. I
nsver before saw a white crow, except one
that was in a circus and that was about
fifteen years ago. When Mr. Veatch wrote
me he had three white crows I thought it
was a joke and no one was more surprised
than 1 when they arrived."
While a white crow is seldom found, a
white deer is still more rare. In all the
United States only three have been killed
within sixty years and the accompanying
picture, drawn from a photograph, is the
first ev-r printed of the third of this re
markable trio, which fell victim to a
hunter's prowess near the Little Canada
Falls on the Penobscot River in Maine.
Elijah Lukens, who journeyed all the way
from Wilmington, Ohio, for a hunt up the
Maine wood-, was the fortunate man who
shot and brought down the rarest animal
that has been seen in the Maine woods
within the memory of the oldest guide, and
guides up in Maine live to a very old age.
It seems queer enough that men should
go from Ohio to the Atlantic Coast for a
hunting trip. Still, this is just how the
wonder that is described in this article
came to pass. A few weeks ago a party of
sportsmen at Wilmington, Ohio, decided
that nothing would do them but a regula
tion deer hunt in what the dime novelist
is fond of calling "the trackless woods of
Maine." The destination of the hunters
was Jackman, Maine, and its location is
about that which was given in describing
the place where the deer was killed. There
were nine persons in the party — Mr.
.Lukens and his son Carl. George Haworth,
Morris James, George W. Collins, Dwight
Moore, William McCoy, William Kirk and
Aionzo Babb. That they were entitled to
be called hunters is indicated by the fact
Jhat m a four weeks' trip they killed seven
teen deer and a large amount of small
game. In fact, they ventured close to the
State law, for under that each hunter is
allowed to kill but two deer.
Mr. Lukens had a very interesting ex
perience and he told it to the writer in
these words:
"It was on the fourth day alter our ar
rival that I succeeded in securing what
was considered the greatest prize of all
that we killed or saw — the white deer.
That morning my son Carl and I left the
camp about sunrise, going down the
Penobscot River for some d : stanceand
then starting up a small stream which we
bad denominated Second Creek. When
about two and a half miies from camp I
observed an animal slowly approaching
me from up the stream, with its head
down, apparently as if scenting some
other animal.
"Its appearance puzzled me. I could
not make out just what it was. It seemed
to be snow-white and resembled a sheep, l
thought, more than anything else. Still
I realized that there could be np sheep in
that locality, ard as it was the custom to
shoot any animal ranging over the section
where we were hunting 1 fired at it when
it had advanced to within about sixty feet
of me. The shot took effect and it fell to
the ground. Almost immediately it arose
and bounded into the woods. When I
shot it it was in the edge of the water.
Then it ran perhaps a distance of fifty
yards and fell again.
"I hurried to where it lay, and to my
great surprise when I reached it I found
I bad killed a white male deer. The shot
bad taken effect just back of the shoulder.
We dressed the deer, and put in the rest
of that day caring for the skin and head,
which we preserved intact, and have had
mounted siuce by an expert taxidermist.
It was a fine specimen of deer, and weighed
about 250 pounds. According to the cus
tom of estimating the age the deer was six
years old. I nave had a number of offers
for the deerskin within the last few weeks,
on» man expressing a willingness to pay
$60 for it."
A white deer, as stated, is exceedingly
rare. Only three have been killed in
Maine in the history of that State. One
was killed in Michigan several years ago.
In 1840 one was seen" by hunters along the
Ohio River, and this specimen was be
lieved to have been afterward killed in
Wisconsin. No white deer was ever shot
in Maine that could compare in size or ap
pearance with that killed by Mr. Luken",
and never before a white stag captured,
dead or alive. The deer that Mr. Lukens
shot had been seen by other hunters, but
no one was ever before able to approach it
within shooting distance.
It was an Englishman who said that
America was filled with natural curiosi
ties from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The
facts presented herewith indicate that for
once a Britisher has told the truth about
the United States.
Schools for GasK-Qirls.
Following the lead of Chicago, a New
York dry-goods house is about to start a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
little school in its own premises where
ihe cash-girls can obtain instructions one
or two hours every day, as also those older
ones whose early schooling has been
neglected. In one of the large dry-goods
stores of Chicago a day aud night school is
maintained, with competent teachers and
all the modern accessories of a first-class
schoolroom, where the employes of the
store are given free education. In Mil
waukee one of the greatest breweries con
ducts a school, library and reading-room
for its employes, who are over iO.OOO in
number. All three were established, de
spite the protests of those who said the
advantages would never be utilized, and
all triumphed from the outset. The school
compares favorably with the best public
schools in the city, the reading-room ia
well patronized and the library is em
ployed to its full capacity.
The Minister's Mistake.
"Yon have a daughter, have you not,
sir?" said a minister to an old gentleman,
with whom he had formed a casual ac
quaintance as a fellow-passenger.
The old gentleman essayed to answer,
but the question had strangely affected
him.
"I beg your pardon," said the minister,
''if I have thoughtlessly awakened in your
mind recollections of a painful nature.
The world is full of sorrow, sir, and per
haps my question recalls to your memory
a fair, beautiful girl, whose blossoming
young life had withered in its bloom. Am
I right, sir?"
"No, not exactly," replied the old gen
tleman, sadly; "I have five unmarried
darters, mister, an' the youngest of the lot
is 28 years old." — Spare Moments.
Dirvir\g ir\ Lorvdorv
Upon every hand great new dining-halls
are rising in London. Good places in
which to dine are not merely embellish
ments or attractions of modern cities:
they are necessities; and the character of
them may fairly be taken as marking the
degree of civilization which any particu
lar capital has attained. In this regard
Paris for a long time led the world. It
was almost necessary to betake one's self
to the "Ville Lumiere" in order to find a
table, outside the range of private
taste and magnificence, where a con
noisseur of good food, delicately
dres-ed and washed down with
fine and suitable wines, might "dine" — in
the loftier sense of that misused word. The
cuisine of Paris gave laws and methods —
nay, even an established vocabulary of
the art of eating and drinking — to a grate
ful foreign world, which had, however, to
pay pretty roundly for illustrations of the
art. In the latter years the renown of
Paris has a good deal diminished, or has,
at any rate, been successfully rivaled
elsewhere. In London even they begin
to know how to offer to her vast pubic
good, wholesome and inexpensive dinners.
By these we do not mean the splendid
banquets of city magnates, the choicest
menus of good clubs, or, best of all, the
sumptuous boards which are from time
to time spreads in the houses of well
to-do London amphitryons. What a
A RARE COMPILATION OF IRISH BULLS.
One of the most interesting of recent compilations is the
"Handy Book of Literary Cariosities," by William S. Walsh,
published by J. B. Lippincott. From this book is gathered the
collection of Irish bulls hereto appended:
"My dear, come in and go to bed," said the wife of a jolly
son of Erin who had just returned from the fair in a decidedly
how-come-you-so state; "you must be dreadful tired, sure, with
your long walk of six miles." "Arrah, get away with your non
sense," said Pat; "it wasn't the length of the way at all that
fatigued me, 'twas the breadth of it."
A young Irishman who had married when about 19 years of
age, complaining of the difficulties to which his early marriage
subjected him, said: "He would never marry so young again
if he lived to be as ould as Methuselah."
An invalid, after returning from a southern trip, said to a
friend: "Oh, share, an' it's done me a wurruld o' good, goin'
away. I've come back another man altogether; in fact, I'm
quite myself again."
An eccentric lawyer thus questioned a client: "So your
uncle, Dennis O' Flaherty, had no family?" "None at all, yer
Honor," responded the client. The lawyer made a memoran
dum of ths reply ana thus continued: "And your father, Pat
rick O'Flaherty, did he have chick or child !"
Two Irishmen were working in a quarry when one of them
fell into a deep quarry bole. The other, alarmed, came to the
margin of the hole and called out, "Arrah, Pat, are ye killed
intirely? If ye're dead, spake." Pat reassured him from the
bottom by saying in answer, "No, Tim, I'm not dead, but I'm
spacheless."
A domestic, newly engaged, presented to his master one
morning a pair of boots, the leg of one of which was much
longer than the other.
"How comes it that these boots are not of the came length?"
great city wants are plenty of pleasant
and handsome buildings where the luxu
rious appointments of a good establish
ment can be bad, gracing really scientific
cookery and well-chosen edibles, and to be
able to command these, not as a matter of
every-day habit, but at choice of occasions,
and with the certainty of getting the best
entertainment possible for the expendi
ture. There is a universally acknowledged
charm experienced very often in a nice
dinner eaten away from home with agreea
ble company. This is such an established
fact that everybody will accept it. The ap
petite jaded and languid at the family ma
hogany returns by magic amid the bright
surroundings, pretty dresses and cheerful
chatter of the public dining-room. Cares
are forgotten, friendships are cemented or
renewed, business is well settled and plans
happily formed under the magic wand of
good caterers and skillful cooks, with none
of the trouble and confusion of an elabor
ate entertainment in the house. So all
important is it to the welfare of a great
city for its inhabitants to be able at will
to dine well that those capitalists are
positive benefactors to their time and
kind whose enterprise takes the course of
improving the machinery and the ma
terial for furnishing gooa dinners to all
and sundry.
The recently built restaurants have be
gun to make it possible to dine. decently
outside a club or private mansion. One
wants a little splendor at a dinner away
from home, as well as pretty crystal and
snowy linen and swift, tranquil attend
ance. Music, too, is welcome at such a
time, for it dignifies even plain tare, as
the poet sings, "To eat roast mutton to
the sound of trumpets." Certainly the
opening of fresh establishments of this
kind is good news to the Londoner. Apart
from the successful inauguration of a new
place of pleasure and refection, where
he can break the monotony of his
old-accustomed haunts, and perhaps
find new ideas in the . old-fashioned
menus, the uprise of the Trocadero
from the deplorable ashes of the by-gone
dancing and music saloon will put exist
ing establishments on their mettle and in
evitably raiae the standard of public en
tertainment. The Trocadero in turn if it
flourishes as may be expected will have
rivals striving to outdo its excellence in
viands and festal surroundings. We wel
come this emulation.
It is a most legitimate and useful form
of modern luxury, for the science of right
cooking and proper use of tne dietetic
gifts of nature spreads around downward
and the watchful wife, who dined well aud
wisely in the company of her lord in such
a sumptuous r.alace, will never again
scare him from the domestic board with
cold mutton or a careless pudding;
also the multiplication of such well
equipped and handsomely endowed places
ot pleasure and refreshment for the mid
dle classes makes London more and more
attractive anJ agreeable as a city of resi
dence, which is what should be steadfastly
aimed at. We are only as yet at the be
ginning of the art of ameliorating the life
of her swarming citizens. For all classes
in their turns there is much to do, and
much that may and should be done. We
are oil the right road when private capital
seeks profit by first gaining public appro
bation and flavor. That programme is,
we believe, almost boundless, for, in pro
portion as caterers and managers study
to please and to serve Londoners, there
is almost nothing too large or remunera
tive to expect irom the exhautless re
sources of a metropolitan public well
treated and well satisfied. — London Tele
graph.
CHRISTMAS TREASURES.
Eugerve Field.
I count, my treasures o'er with care—
The littl© toy my darling knew,
A little sock of faded hue,
A little lock of golaen hair.
Long years ago this holytime
My little one— my all to me—
Sat robed in white upon my Knee
And heard the merry Christmas chime.
'Tell me, my little golden-head,
If Santa Ciaus should came to-night
What shall he tiring my baby bright —
What treasure for my boy?" I said.
And then he named this little toy,
While in his round and mournful eyes
There came a look of sweet surprise
That spake his quiet, truatful joy.
And as he lisped his evening prayer
He asked the boon with childish grace;
Then, toddling to the chimney-place
Be hung bis little stocking there.
That night while lengthening shadows crept
I saw the white-winged angels come
With siDging to our lowly home
And kiss my darling as he slept.
They must have heard his little prayer,
For in the morn with rapturous face
He toddled to the chimney-place
And found this little treasure there.
They came again on Christmas-tide —
That angel host so fair and white!
And sinking all that glorious night
They lured my darling from my side.
A little sock, a little toy,
A little lock of golden hair,
The Christmas music on the air,
A-watching for my baby boy!
But if again that angel train
And golden-head came back for me
To bear me to eternity
My watching will not be in vain.
The approaching Christmas was under
discussion in a Bellefield household.
"What would you like Santa Claus to
brine, little girl?" asked the papa of his
small daughter.
"I would like him to bring Christmas
sooner," replied the maiden. — Pittsburg
Chronicle- Telegraph.
"I raly don't know, sir; but what bothers me the most is that
the pair downstairs are in the same fix."
An Irishman, having feet of different sizes, ordered his
boots to be made accordingly. His directions were obeyed, but
as he tried the smallest boot on his largest foot he exclaimed,
petulantly, "Confound that fellow! I ordered him to make one
larger than the other, and instead of that he has made one
smaller than the other."
That was a triumphant appeal to an Irish lover of antiquity
who, in arguing the superiority of the old architecture over the
new, said, "Where will you find any modern building that has s
1 asted so long as the ancient?"
An Irish magistrate, censuring some boys for loitering in
the streets, argued, "If everybody were to stand in the street
how could anybody get by?"
An Irishman got out of his carriage at a railway stati on
for refreshments, but the bell rang and the train left before he
had finished his repast. *'Hould on I" erie d Pat, as he ran like
a madman after the car, "houhl on, you murther'n old stame
injin; you've got a passenger on board that's left behind."
An old Dublin woman went to the chandler's for a farthing
candle, and being told it was raised to a halfpenny on account
of the Russian war, "Bad luck to them," she exclaimed, *'ana
do they light by candle-light?"
An Irish lover remarks that it is a great comfort to be alone,
"especially when yer swateheart is wid ye."
A Hibernian gentleman told a friend studying for the priest
hood, "I hop? I may Jive to hear you preach my funeral ser
mon." Another expressed the grateful sentiment, "May you
live to eat the chicken that scratches over your grave." A phy
sician said oracularly of a murdered man: "This person wa
so ill tnat if he had not been murdered he would have died
half an hour before."
Old Scotland's Lope and Love.
JKe Famous Plighting Stor\e ar\d the J^ystic Story Jhat Its
Eloquent Silervce Tells.
A famous relic of ancient lore and love
has just been placed in the Canadian
Institute Museum at Toronto. It is "The
Plighting Stane o' Lairg." Its history
goes further back than any one can re
member, far beyond the time when records
were kept. It is known, however, to have
been used by the mystic Druids centuries
before Robert Bruce and his bold clan
made Scotland ring with their shouts and
the sound of battle. For it is a Scottish
stane of course. Its name tells that.
It is declared by those who know that
thousands of true Scottish hearts have
plighted troth through an oritice well
toward the top that was made by nature
more centuries ago than one likes to think
of. This remarkable Druidical relic would
be a fit companion to the Blarney stone,
for while by one the tongue gains power
to charm, by the other one is enabled to
win the charmer. There is nothing like
the stone in all the world, and it is con
sidered a matter of very great surprise
that the good folk of Sutherlandshire, the
original home of the stone, ever allowed it
to be taken from the place where it has
stood so long that centuries have grown
old and gray.
David Boyle, curator of the Canadian
Museum, treasures the stone as he would
the apple of his eye. He is greatly en
thused over the addition to the museum.
This is what he writes concerning it:
"To the Editor: What is probably the
oldest European stone relic in America,
not excepting even Cleopatra's Needle in
Central Park, is the 'Plighting Stane
o' Lairg,' now in the Ontario Archeolosi
cal Museum in Toronto. This ancient
memorial of the faith and superstition of
our ancestors is supposed to date as far
back as the days of the Druids in Great
Britain. For centuries it was connected
with the life history of the people in the
north of Scotland, where it was regarded
as a silent witness to the vows and pledges
of young and old in matters of love and
commerce.
"Scottish marriage ceremonies have
always been characterized by simplicity,
and those brought about through the
Plighting Stane o' Lairg are regarded as
peculiarly sacred. Here the lovers met in
the first instance, merely to promise each
other faithfulness and on a subsequent
occasion to renew their vows and accept
each other for better or worse. Disgrace
eternal or even death was supposed to
follow the violation of such a pledge, and
so universal was the belief in the virtues
of an oath or affirmation made through
this stane that it was resorted to by all
and in the making of every kind of
bargain.
"Sales of land, exchanges of cattle, pur
chases of all sorts and agreements to per
form military or domestic service were
ratified in the presence of a witness at the
Plighting Stane. Nor aid the practice
cease when better light dawned on the
people. Even the reformation did not
eradicate a belief in its virtues, and ap to
a very recent date it was the custom of
the people to travel for many mites in or
der to avail themselves of the peculiar
sacred ness that attached itself to promises
sanctified by this medium.
•'lt is on record traditionally that nu
merous attempts have been made by eccle
siastical authorities to do away with the
superstitious belief, but in vain. Kirk
The Plighting Stone of OB Scotland.
sessions protested, but the people be
lieved. The schoolmaster, however, ap- '
peared and faith in the stone began to
wane. Still, it was not until the ancient
relic was removed from its old placo in an
offshoot from one of the church walls,
that its glory departed. It was presented
to the Ontario Museum through Hugh
Nichol of Stratford, by Miss Mary Bu
chanan of Lairg, and it may interest the
donor to know that even in the New World,
and in the light of almost twentieth cen
tury knowledge, some affectionate couples
still stand on opposite sides of the stone
and surreptitiously grasp hands.
"David Boylb."
It was quite a victory for the Canadian
institution to gain this stone, as it had a
formidable competitor in Oxford Uni
versity, the faculty of which had no lik
ing for the thought, even, of this famous
old relic leaving Bonnie Scotland. It is
told that when the day came for it to be
boxed up far away in Sutherlandshire
there were groaning and lamentation
on all sides. Would the luck o' Lairg de
part with the stane? That was the ques
tion that was asked, and many were those
who believed that its going signified bad
fortune.
Thus far, however, it has seemed a
stone of good fortune, for tiie clouds of
trouble have noi hovered over Laire,
neither has any ill fortune come to To
ronto because the stone was moved.
There is an old-time superstition among
the peasantry all through Scotland, Eng
land, Ireland and Wales that those an
cient stones which mart places of worship
of the Druids so many years ago should
never be interfered with. To remove
them, says superstition, is to invite a fierce
contest with the furies. If you live by a
river and do anything of this sort look
out for the kelpie that comes in the night
and brings sore trouble. If you dwell in
a mountainous or hilly district the gnomes
will surely descend upon you with hide
ous face and wicked leer and brew trouble
the whole night long.
Now all these things did the people of
Lairg and the courageous museum officials
at Toronto face. If what the story- Dooks
tell is true, the kelpie and the gnome can
cross the Atlantic Ocean in about live
minutes, if they want to. There are un
kind persons, however, who say that these
little people never exist outside the story
book and legend, and among them are
numbered the persons who have been con
cerned in the removal of this stone.
This new importation has become an
object of the most decided interest to resi
dents of and visitors to Toronto. Think
of plighting troth with your sweetheart
where perhaps Robert Brace himself once
performed the same action. Doubtless,
too, those unkind persons who are not in
clined to be trustful may feel that plight
ing their troth to a woman surrounded by
these superstitious memories may have
sufficient influence over ber to make her
stick to her agreement, and not repent in
favor of 3oni3 other fellow. The ancient
custom regarding the stone is, as Curator
Boyle says, beine revived to a consider
able extent in Toronto. Just the sort of
scenes are witnessed there every day as
that pictured in the accompanying illus
tration, which is drawn from an actual
photograph.
A Toronto genius has suggested a
Plighting Stane party, in which the guest*
shall each assume a costume in keeping
with some period during the many cen
turies of existence of this ancient me
morial to love and faith. One lady to
wnom the suggestion of this party was
made stated that she thought it would be
a very good plan to present a tableau of
Faith, Hope and Charity in this connec
tion — faith in the stane's past, hope that
it might influence the people of to-day
who went through the ancient ceremony
to keep the faith that they pledged, and
charity for those unwise persons who pin
hope and faith to a woman's word.
The fame of the stane is even spreading
into the country about Toronto, for there
has never been anything like it heard of
before. To the Scottish-American it is
almost like having a bit of Edinboro town
set down at his door. To those who hare
never seen Scotland and wonder at the
traditions it is an object of mystery and
strange affection. Through this Plighting
Stane love has always found a way.
Working Up Fame's Ladder.
One day many years ago a bright boy
found employment in a photograph gal
lery in Nashvill6, Term. His wages were
small, but he took good care of them, and
in the course of time he bad saved up a
snug little sum of money. One day a
friend, less thrifty than he, came to him
with a long face and asked for a loan of
money, offering a book as security. Af
though the other knew there was little
probability of his evar being paid, he
could not refuse the request.
"Here is your money ; keep your book,
and repay me when you can."
The grateful lad went away in such
haste that he left the book behind. The
kind youth with curiosity examined the
volume. It was a work on astronomy by
Dick, and it so fascinated him that he sat
up all night studying it. He had never
seen anything which so filled him with
delight. He determined to learn all that
he could about the wonders of the heavens.
He began thenceforth to read everything
he could obtain relating to astronomy.
The next step was to buy a small cpy
glass, and night after night he spent most
of the hours on the roof of his house,
studying the stars. He secured, second
hand, the tube of a larger spyglass, into
which he fitted an eye-piece and sent to
Philadelphia for an object-glaso. By and
by he obtained a 5-inch glass, which, as
you know, is an instrument of considera
ble size.
Meanwhile he worked faithfully in the
shop of the photographer, but his nights
brought him rare delight; for be never
wearied of tracing out the wonders and
marvels of the worlds around us. With
the aid of his large spyglass he discovered
two comets before they were seen by any
of the professional astronomers, whose
superior instruments were continually
reaming the heavens in search oi the
Jestial wanderers. This exploit, you
may well suppose, made the boy famous.
He was invited by the professors in Van
derbilt University to go thither and see
what he could do with their 6-inch tele
scope. In the course of the following foui
years he discovered six comets.
He was next engaged by the Lick Ob
servatory In California. With the aid oJ
that magnificent 36-inch refracting
telescope, the largest ever made, he dis
covered eight comets, and last summer
astonished the world by discovering the
fifth satellite of Jupiter. He invented a
new method of photographing the nebula
iv the Milky Way, and has shown an
originality approaching genius in his wor*
in star photography.
Perhaps you have already guessed the
name of this famous astronomer, which if
Professor E. E. Barnard of the Lick
Observatory, and this ia the Btory of how
he worked up.— Chicago Record.
Mrs, Sumatra— l do wish I could gel
my husband to swear off smoking for a
while.
Mrs. Stogie — Why don't you give him •
box of cigars for Christmas? — Phil*
deiphia North. Americas.
31no_text32
The Meeting at
Greenville Crossing
The meeting had been called to order by
Seth Draper. Seth was one of those life
long .Republicans, and a "speakin* " at
the Greenville Crossing without Seth as
chairman would have been as incomplete
as a camp-rneetiPE without the presence
of the presidio g elder.
The forma Iny of Seth's election to the
"chair" was always dispensed with, as his
long and uninterrupted service in that ca
pacity had ripened into a right that was
not to be alienated.
Seth approached the edge of the plat
form and, with that profound deliberation
and composure which comes with a wide
experience in such matters, wisely and
calmly looked over the assembled crowd.
After a rather flattering demonstration
of approval on the part ot some boys who
had taken iront seats Seth opened the
meeting as follows: "Ladies and gentle
men : I thank you for this grand ovation.
[Applause from the boys on the front
seats.] lam not going to make a speech
to-night. [Tremendous spplause by the
people on all the seats.] We have with us
a gentleman who will entertain you much
better than 1 can; a gentleman who has
made a deep study of the questions now
before the American people; a gentleman
who is one of the most eloquent speakers
in California; a gentleman — Jim Till
man, you are the tallest man in the room,
will you please turn down that middle
lamp, it's smokin'. [Jim turns down the
lamp.] As I was going to say, lam not
going to make a speech to-night. You
didn't come here to bear me, you came to
hear— Say. Bill Grubs, for God's sake,
blow out that torch; don't you see you
are fillin' ihe room full of soot and smoke?
I thought it was the lamp making this
ticklin 1 in my throat; a person can't talk
with a ticklin' in his throat; should have
thought you'd knowed better. [Bill blows
out his torch.] Now, as I wassayin', I shan't
take up your time; it wouldn't be fair to
the speaker whom you have come to hear.
Some of you have come a long way, too,
and it's kind o' chilly to-nieht down on
the bottom land. The speaker with us
to-night will talk to you on the issues of
the day. 1 might say, however, that I
reckon I am the oldest Republican in the
Greenville Precinct. I cast my first ballot
for the old hero of "Tippecanoe. 1 I was a
Whig then, and a protectionist Whip, too.
I had read up old Henry Clay, the father
of protection, and I believe in it. I be
lieve in it- Why, I tell you — My son, go
out and tell Thad to stop shootin' them
anvils. Some of these darn fools don't
know no more 'bout lirin' anvils at a
meetin' than a hog does of Latin — As I
was savin 1 , lam a protectionist ; as soon
as I was old enough to know anything I
became a protectionist. I was a free
trader before I was old enough to know
anything."
This put the boys to stamping and Re
becca King's baby began to cry. Seth
paused for a minute or two and then said :
"Better lake it out, Becky." So Becky
retired with her squealing baby and as she
walked down the long Lall every eye fol
lowed the poor woman until she had
passed out of the door.
'I suppose if I ever reach my second
childhood I will be a free-trader again,
but otherwise I will remain a protection
ist to the backbone." Seth reached for
the water pitcher then, but it wasn't
there. '-Sammy, tell Ed to bring up a
pitcher of water andaeoblet; no water
here for the speaker. I declare to good
ness one would think we never had a
meetin' here before. Now, the question
of protection is one I hav6 thought a great
deal over. Now, if I had time
and we didn't have a speaker here
I would give you my ideas. It
wouldn't take long. Now, in the first
place— (that's right, Mcl Hawkins, go
out! You never could stand the truth;
can't expect much of a man what won't
stay and hear all sides. I read both Bides
and always go and hear all sides, that's
why I am posted)— what would we be to
day if it weren't for protection?— (shut
down that south winder, Elmer; don't
you see the lamps are flickering?) — where
would we be to-day if it were not for pro
tection? I tell you, my friends, what the
heart beats are to the human life, bo pro
tection is to — "
Just in this moment of a most beautiful
flight one of the boards laid across two
coal-oil boxes collapsed and four or five
people piled on top of big Leander Jones,
who had just taken his Beat in the center
of the board. The confusion and laughter
which followed were intense. Seth made
no concealment of his disgust. "Fellow
citizens, I have presided over many meet
ings here in Greenville, and every one of
them has been disturbed by some big, fat
idiot coming in and sittin' on the only
board in the room that had a knothole in
the middle of it." "Who you callin' a fat
idiot?" Leander yelled out. "Hain't
mentioned no names," Seth replied, and
took a swallow of water. "Where would
we be to- l ay if it weren't foi- protection?"
It took Seth just 1 hour and 16 minutes to
answer this question, but he concluded by
saying:
"As I said before, I'm not going to make
a speech, and I now take great pleasure in
introducing to you the speaker of the
evening, Mr.— Mr.— what is the name,
please? Ah, yes; Mr.— Bill Summer, go
down and stop tnat cheerin' in the sa
loon. How's a man goin' to talk with a
lot of cheerin' goin' on downstairs?"
Bill was glad to go and as he went
out that left just five people in the hall to
listen to the gentleman who was going to
make the speech of the evening.
Judson Bbusie.
HonJ. R. Kelly Tells
of Pioneer Generosity
In talking the other day abont Christ
mas times in the early days of San Fran
cisco James R. Kelly, president of the
Hibernia Bank, who is one of the pioneers
of California, after praising the honesty
of the early settlers which permitted the
merchants to use the unguarded sidewalks
as storerooms for the safekeeping of mer
chandise, and laying the blame of the
early sins of violence mainly on that habit
of carrying weapons which makes men act
too hastily for their better judgment to
control, remarked, in further commen
dation, that the people were ttieu so
kind and si free with their money that
any one could have started out to appeal
for aid for & sick cat and met vntk a re
sponse of such lavish generosity as to
laden the pockets with coin in a few
hours.
The contrast between then and now is
strikingly illustrated by that remark, and
truly there are some ways in which we
could wish the world to go backward. It
.is true there are many generous hearts
sow and earnest workers striving to make
the holidays < happy for rich • ana poor,
but in these pioneer limes, when wealth
was so widely divided that either every
body, or everybody' 3 next friend, had a
goodly share, charity could be omnipres
ent as the air, easy almost as breathing,
and, above all, owing to the peculiar con
ditoins of boon companionship then prev
alent iis acceptance was more of an un
mixed pleasure tban it can be made now.
When wealth was held in the hands 01
the whole population and boarding
seemed needless, because of the confi
dence that the morrow would bring its
own abundance with it, then, although in
order that the bcriptuies might be ful
filled, the pion«ers bad to have the poor
with them, yet in one sense it might be
said there was no poverty.
.For there was no want in the pitiful
sense of that word, and no one need suf
fer where hearty willingness gave riches
wings to fly on errands of sweet charity.
Mr. Kelly says it was very improbable
that in those flush early days there were
even those now unreachable cases where
pride conceals want and s ub the door j
against ail human nelp, because in those
days equality and fraternity were very
real, and friendly commingling wou d
have made concealment of pressing want
almost impossible.
It would ba like wearing motley for a
man to go out now to take up a collection
for any purpose that might be comparable
to the excessive tenderheartedness that
Mr. Kelly pictures, when money is so
scarce that the widow and the orphan
get the minimum of life's necessities. To
tell that there ever was, or will be, a time
of charity so truly catholic as that to
which Mr. Kelly alludes sounds like a
fairy tale. Fancy the issuance of such a
call for donations in the days of San Fran
cisco's golden youth, and having them
pour in until poor puss became rich "be
yond the dreams of avarice.'* A physi
cian might have been called in. some
great specialist, as fine as those times af
forded, to feel pussy's pulse and study her
symptoms. If the treatment prescribed
were sun baths she could have a front
room with bay-windows to the south, so
she could bask there and be safe from
chilling winds. She could lap her cream
from gilded china, and if her desire was
for birds, costly canaries could be slaugh
tered to tempt the appetite of the inter
esting invalid. If change of air were
needed, a trip to the Orient with cabin
passage would not be beyond her means.
All the conditions of feline felicity which
can be imagined as necessary to produce
the most contented of purring and paw
stretching would have been bestowed
upon this lucky cat. Contrast that with
the possibilities of help for many a poor
woman and child in tlio crowded cities of
to-day. The figure of speech means that
none such, no matter how insignificant or
sadly at fault they had been, would have
been left to suffer in that time of so much
money and kindness.
Christmas is a fitting time to brin^
these things to attention, so that tne
memory oi what was fair iv the olden
time may be perpetuated from generation
to generation, and falling from the lips of
elders fond of the bright side of bygone
days, they should rouse in the hearts of
younger people the ambition to make it a
part of progress to bring back and con
serve what is sweetest in such recollec
tions. So that the moral of Mr. Kelly's
tale is to strive to be in lustrious and in
telligent enough to create a lavish abun
dance and to use the harvest with such
broad generosity that it may be said that
scarcely in San Francisco would a »ick cat
appeal for char.ty in vain.
In the wide extension of friendly effort!
to make the millennium come by persist
ent pulling at it, perhaps even the ex
aggeration of this figurative expression
may change into a literal truth, for in this
mysterious creation we know not by what
bonds of responsibility we may be united
to the beasts, and there may be some
mystic meaning not yet fully compre
hended in that saying of the sacred Scrip
tures that the \ro!l shall dwell la peace
with the lamb and the leopard lie down
with the kid, and a little child shall lead
that king of cats, the lion. Perhaps there
is something symbolic in nature being
'"red in tooth and claw" and our human
moral mending may be toe needful thing
that keeps waiting the fulfillment of Isa
iah's prophecy.
Christmas Echoes,
Good Santa Ciaus may well grow wild
and po out on a strike, n every woman,
man and child insist they want a bike. —
Judge.
Buy up the Cnristmas books liberally,
and next year the authors will get royal
ties enough to dine at a restaurant.—At
lanta Constitution.
He — I mean to give you an elegant en
gagement ring, and we'il call it your
Christmas present.
She— l'm not to be outdone in gener
osity; I'll give it right back again. — De
troit Free Pres<.
First newsboy — Goin' to hang up your
stockin' Christmas eve?
Second newsboy— Naiv.
First newsboy — Better do it. You might
get 'em filled.
Second newsboy — They're filled now.
*First newsboy— What with?
Second newsboy — Holes. — Cleveland
Leader.
I— Farmer Sly boy grows tired of losing his
pears and ties faithful lido to .the , tree for
protection. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
"What are you going to give George for
Christmas?"
"Well, I thought I'd work him some
thing, but I' m so mad at what he said that
I don't feel like giving him a thing."
"What did he say?"
"He said he hoped I wouldn't spoil my
eyes and rack my brain trying to make
him a present."
"Well, that was all right, wasn't it?"
"Then he added that I could buy some
thing so much better ar.d cheaper. I'm
ansry enough to go and get that toilet
table set for him that I have wanted so
long!"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
What He Overlooked.
It was evident that something preyed
Inebriety Among
the Lower Animals
They have an animal show down at a
vineyard near Fresno that beats any other
show, probably, that was ever beam of.
Tne animals of the Zoo ara not ing to
the animals there; and those which hold
conferences at divers times under the
trees of India, as told by Kipling in his
"Strange Tales of Forest Life," are not to
be compared with the animals of Fresno.
The place of the meet of these animals
is at the famous St. Gecrge vineyard, six
miles east of the city of Fresno. There is
an enormous winery there — the biggest,
with one exception, anywhere. The ex
ception is at Rbeims, N. V., where they
have more land down in grapes for a
The Country Round Had Been Scoured for the Supply Train. — a A Trying Yuletide."
single vineyard, but cannot begin to |
equal the St. George vineyard in its
power of crushing the grapes and taking
care of the wine. It is on the St. George
vineyard that the great wine ca?-k, or
tvn — the greatest in the world — is located.
It is greater by far than the famous
Heidelberg tun, erected centuries ago on
the picturesque Neckar. It holds no less
than the gigantic amount of 85,000 gal- i
ions, or about 40 carloads of wine. Tbis
is not all; there are a couple of other
tuns tnere, either of which is bigger than
the Heidelberg tun.
So they do business in a land office way
down there — everything is cut out on a
big scale. The winery is conducted like
some of the great killing and packing
houses of the East. There is no v aste
anywhere. Even tne trimmings from the
grapevines are used as fuel for running |
the engine?. Then the residue is gathered |
up and used as a fertilizer. Everything is
turned to some account. The hulls of the
grapes, with the seeds that roll over the
elevator at the last like chaff or straw out
of a thrashing machine, are piled high as
a stack of hay.
It is abont this stack of grapeskins that
the story of the animalscomes in. Loafing
about the winery in easy and careless ■
fashion are numberless pigs of great and
small size. They are flanked by goodly
bands of chickens and turkeys. Besides
these there are at the winery, more as a
novelty, perhaps, than anything else,
several monkeys. There is an occasional j
cow and burro there, too, so that the ag- |
gregation is an interesting one to see. It !
is a grievous thing to state, but it is a fact,
that these animals have contracted bad
habits from eating the grapeskins. Eat*
ing at first in a nonchalant way, they '
FARMER SLYBOY'S FATAL MISTAKE.
2— But It rained,
upon his mind, and, as he was usually
Jighthearted, they wondered what it could
be.
"An oversight," he said by way of ex
planation, when asked about it. "Perhaps
not a serious one," he added, "but still
enough to trouble me considerably. I
tnougbtlessly let it slip Thanksgiving
day."
"Let what slip?" .
"Why. tiie thanks that must be due
from every sensible person in view of fie
fact that there won't be any particularly
large assortment of bicycie advertisements
to worry up with their conflicting claims
for a matter of three or four months.
Just think what a long rest that is!" —
Chicago Post.
have experienced a feeling of exhilaration.
This feeling has grown upon them, and,
combined with the taste of the wine yet
remaining in the crushed grape, has made
them victims of int rnperance. The ani
mals hold high carnival about the grape
pile, in a way that is provocative of much
humor from those who ore unwilling to
acknowledge the evils of intemperance.
"It is worth the price of admission to .a
whole menagerie to tee these animals,"
said C. S. Young, the agent of the Valley
road, to a Call representative a day or two
ago. "The p>gs, chicken*, turkeys, mon
keys and other unima.s congregate about
there and they have a great time. Prob-
ably the worst of the lot are the pigs.
These pigs, from getting gradually to
tackling the grapeskins, have become
confirmed in their habits and are there all
the lime whenever allowed around. They
get intoxicated and remain so, day and
nipht.
"They are never sober, and the antics
they cut around there when they have
eaten a lot of the grape skins is something
novel to behold. Grapes, you know, make
excellent pork. When grapes are very
low the growers feed them to the pigs and
they are as good feed as they need want.
But these grapeskins have more effect on
the pig by far than the fresh grapes would
have. At the same time the/ are very
fattening. It is thus that those pigs are
constantly around eating the grapeskina
and are constantly under the influence of
them.
"1 have seen them come in there, and
after eating a while start to galloping
about, uttering exultant exclamations,
with their tails curled high in the air.
One of them will no sooner start out than
others will follow, and they hold a regu
lar high carnival. The people who some
times gather there and who have light
ideas as to the deleterious effects of intox
icants have been known to be amused be
yond measure.
"Even the chickens which eat of these
crapeskins are often affected by the intox
icant, and perforce act nnspemly. They
crow, gyrate around and act in a way quite
unworthy of discreet and well-regulated
fowls. Like the pigs, they have grown to
like the grapeskins and the effects of the
remaining wine in them upon them, and
are out and out victims of intoxication. I
suppose no kind of Keely cure would
ever get these birds and pigs straightened
the r->je shrams,
out of the habits they are in. They offer
themselves as a willing sacrifice daily, and
seem to glory in it as much as any of the
disciples of Bacchus of which we have any
knowledge. No doubt if they had their
way they wouldn't get cured if they could.
"But a queerer thing, if possible, is to
be related of some monkeys that are
down there. These monkeys, observing
the general use of the grape and of the
grapeskins as partaken of by the chick
ens aud pigs, became imitators, and from
at first experimenting with the skins have
become addicted to their regular use, and
if you can imagine what a simian is ordi
narily and then picture him when he is in
a state of exhilaration from tarrying at
the wine, you can get something of an
idea of these monkeys at such times. Of
all the que r antics from indulging in vo
ciferous conversation and set speeches
you get them there in a # degree that mus
highly interest such men as Professor
Garner, who, you remember, set traps in
the African forests in order that he minht
study the language ef different kinds of
monkeys.
"The whole business is what the un
dignified would call a holy show. It is
the most unique thing that anybody ever
saw. Nothing like it that I have ever
heard of can oe seen elsewhere in the
country. Ido not know that these ani
mals are always allowed to be about these
stacks of grapeskins and to acquit them
selves in the manner that I have depicted,
but certa.nly while I was there no ani
mals were ever more interesting. I im
azine a naturalist mi ht get some good
points by going down there."
The St. George vineyard is very busy
now crushing grapes. It is in the center
of the great wine-producing region of
California. Enormous wagons drawn by
heavy teams of horses and mules are con
stantly unloading grapes at the winery.
It is a busy scene about there. Many
people who visit Fresno go out to see the
workings of the great winery.
Tunnel Under the Sea.
A tunnel between the mainland of Italy
and the island of Sicily is now being
actively projected. Plans and a model
complete in every derail were executed by
the Italian civil engineer, De Jahannis,
ard are now on exhibition at the Univer
sity of Padua, says the Philadelphia
Record.
The principle employed by him is that
of boring in parabolic spiral lines. After
thorough and careful studies of the Strait
of Messina, its varying depths, the nature
of the ground and all other conditions
which might assist or interfera with the
success of the enterprise, De Jabannis de
cided to begin his tunnel near San Gio
vanni di Sanitello, at the foot of the As
promonte Mountain range, while the
mouth on the other side will be located on
the "Degli Inglesi."
The entire tunnel will be nearly two
miles long, and will consist of two shafts
of about 10,000 feet each, descending at a
grade not exceeding 32 feet in each 1000.
Such a tunnel would be much preferable
to a bridge, which would nave to have a
span of 4500 feet, and with the enormous
strength of <he winds in the strait such an
attempt appears to be exceedingly danger
ous. This tunnel will cost about $330,000,
-000, but the money has not yet been ap
propriated.
Norway even now uses corn for coin,
while whales' teetb. are used by the
Fijiians, red feathers by some of the South
Sea Islanders, and salt in Abyssinia.
4— and poor Fidos execution wu cora
plcte.—Golden Days.
A Trying Yuletide in
the Great Northland
.Buck Steele is "an old-timer" in the
strictest sense of the word, and his careei
has been even more checkered than most
of his class — at least I was so informed
when I engaged him as guide last summer
in Yellowstone Park.
"You must tell me some of your experi
ences," 1 said to him one evening after be
had put the camp in order and replenished
the fire with some huge pine logs.
"Wai," he answered thoaghtfully, seat
ing himself on a stump near by and pro
ducing a short and very black clay pipe,
"I hey see some tol'able tough times —
most on 'em when I wuz a heap younger 'n
Ibe now, though. Fur more'n ten year
I fit fur my country, an' I come mighty
nigh a dyin' fur it, too, o' starvation."
"You surprise me," I said. "I thought
Uncle Sam's troops were usually well fed."
"Wai, yes," he replied, "they be, usually;
but in arly days, when we wuz fightin'
Injuns in Minnesoty, thar warn't ther fer
cilities fur packin' supplies thet ther
troops hez nowadays, an' we had pooty
short rations sometimes. I remember,
like it wuz yesterday, when 'bout twenty
on us come ez nigh starvin' ez any men
you ever see. It wuz in Central Minne
soty (ihar warn't no settlements thar
then), an' our pervisions give plumb out.
"Thar warn't nothin' terdo but wait for
a supply train what hed oughter reached
us some time afore -so we made camp an'
scoured the perairie roun' fur .game, but
couldn't tin' nothin'. We'd been 'thorn
food for more'n a day, an 1 wuz beginnin'
ter feel awful holler, when a party o'
Chippewas, seven or eight on 'em, come
inter camp an' asked fur suthin 1 ter eat.
We tol' 'em ez how we hedn't nothiu'
oursel's — in fac', tbet we wuz jist a starv
in'. Thet seemed ter set 'em a tbinkin',
fur 't warn't loijg aiore they up an' sez
they thought ez bow they knowed whar
they cud git a elk. We tol' 'em we'd pay
well fur some ot her meat — or anythin'
else, fur thet matter— an' off they went,
on ther dead jump, iike a bright idee hed
'em. Thet wuz 'bout noon, an'
sure enough they wuz back afore night,
bringing with 'em a lot o' fine steaks—
ltastwise they seemed fine ter us. We
paid fur 'em in ammunition, an' they said
they'd bring us some more ther followin'
day. They did, all right, an' then lit out,
an' we didn't see no more on 'em. The
nex' day ther supply train come up, au'
we wuz all right; but what dy er s'pose
we fouu' out? 'Bout two mile south o'
thar, ther trainmen bed come acrost ther
Cnippewas a cuttin* up a mule thet we'd
killed 'count uv a broken leg; an' when
they asked th' Injuns what they wuz a
doin', one on 'em grinned an' sez, 'Heap
good; us sell 'era white man fnr elk! 1
Thet shows what hunger'll do, fur I don't
remember nothin' what tasted better'n
them steaks."
"True," 1 remarked sagely, "hunger is
the best sauce."
"Hnwsomever," continued Steele, "that
warn't nothin' ter what I went through
when I wuz a-workin' lur ther Hudson Bay
Comp'ny, up north. Thar they used ter
show us a rabbit-track, an' give us a clubl
I actcherly suffered fur food, time an 1 time
agin, ait' wuz obleged ler eat no end o'
queer things, ter keep from starvin'."
"Those are, indeed, inhospitable re
gion?," I said encouragingly.
"Ruthftr," he replied briefly, relighting
his pipe, and pressing down the burning
tobacco with his horny thumb. "I'll tell
yer 'bout one trip I made fur ther comp'ny,
in tber winter o1o 1 '66 — I shan't never furgit
it, nuther. I wuz located et ther comp'ny's
Touchwood Hilis post, et ther time; an'
sot out frum thar on a tradin' trip ('bout
ther middle o' November) with eight half
breeds, seven flat sieds (each drawd by a
cayuse) an* a bie lot o' gooas — tea. ter
baccer, fancy prints and trinkets. Et ther
Big Bend ot her Saskatchewan — ther
snow bein 1 deep — I lei 1 ail but three ot her
half breeds, an' ther carts an' bosses, an'
went ahead with ther goods packed onter
four sleds (four dogs ter each), one o'
which I driv myself. Three days frum
thar we struck a big Creecarap, an' stopped
ter trade. Wehedn't been thar long when
a party o' young bucks come inter camp,
with ninety gallon o' clear alcohol, what
they'd bought o' some whisky-trader. Th'
Injuns, ez they sez up thar, bed 'struck a
cache,' an' I knowd, fur sartin', thet thar
wuz trouble a-brewin'. Thet very night,
sure enough, th' Injuns git on a big tear,
au', afore long, a party on 'em come up
an' begin firm' inter our lodge — which
wnz jist on th' edge ot her main camp —
sev'ral ot her bullets passin' tol'able clus
ter our heads. I tolled ther breeds to git
ther goods ready ter pact, an' wen' out ter
th' Injuns, an' give 'em some terbaccer
an' tea, an' they moved off t'another part
ot her camp, whoopin' an' yellin' like
mad.
"Ez soon ez they wuz gone we bitched
The Hard Luck
of Andy Harding
Andy Harding had made a hard fight
for constable of Castro Township. His
election expenses, in addition to his
assessment by tne County Committee,
had reduced his finances to the very
lowest notch; but election day was
coming on, and Andy knew that to defeat
bis opponent it would be necessary for
him to make one last, grand, final rally.
He had sold everything he Had, save an
old horse and buckboard, which he had
hope of retaining, as he would require a
horse and buckboard in the event of
things going nia way. But two days be
fore election Andy heard that things were
all wrong down the river, so to raise |50
he let the old horse and buckboard go.
With a hired team and 3000 red, white
and black election cards.which announced
Andy's candidacy, he started down to
straighten things out It took but a short
time to give Andy assurance of success
At every saloon he had the good fortune
of finding fractions of his coveted con
stituency, varying from six to sixteen;
and at one place he had the extraordinary
good fortune of rinding twenty men who
were able and willing to respond to his in
vitation to "have something." The in
road Andy was making into the votes
claimed by his opponent was most gratify
ing. All kinds of promises and assurances
of hearty support were given him, and at
sundown Andy started home congratulat
ing himself that he had gone farther on
$60 than his opponent could have gone on
twice as much.
In this peaceful and reassuring state of
up our dogs, packed ther roods an' lit
out. In tn' hurry o' startin' I didn't hey
time to git ready, ez I'd ou^nter, an'
traveled tnroueh ther snow all night, with
nothin' on my feet Dut light stockin's an'
moccasins, to another lujuns camp, 'bout
thirty mile frum thar. An', in course,
when we git thar — Jis-t arter daybreak —
one o' my feet wuz froze solid. I laid thar
fur three weeks, sufferin' terrible — tne
breeds hevin' left me to go arter some
chuck and ter let th' rest o' th' outfit
know whar we wuz. lh' Injuns wu*
starvin' most ot her time, now an' then
killin' a fat dbg or a badger, an' a givin*
me jist enough ter keep a goin' on, thet'a
all. Et th' end o' tbet time my men,
who'd hed a hard time 'count ot her deep
snow, git back with a few pervisious,
'specting, I reckon, ter fin' me done fur.
It wuzn't my time yit. though, an 1 they
tuk me Back on a sled ter ther camp we
wuz to fust, whar we foun' th' rest o' th'
outfit, with th' bosses an' pack pleas.
Thar they put me in car' uv a ol' squaw,
who, arter taidn' a look et my foot, put
onter it some kin' o' herbs. Sev'ral o* th 1
Injuns wuz fur cuttin' uv it off, it wuz so
fur gone, but she wouldn't hey it, an',
will yer b'lieve it, in three days frum ther
time she begin docterin' it, it wuz pooty
nigh well. I wanted to pay her fur it—
I'd hey give her everything I hed ef she'd
wanted it — but she wouldn't take nothin*
but a leetle lookin'-glass, wurth 'bout two
cents."
"Indians do sometimes show a little
kindly feeling, then," I suggested at this
juncture.
"Wai, yes," he drawled, "but not ofen.
: Taint ther gen'al disposition, so to speak.
But, ez I wuz a sayin', when I wuz well
enough ter travel, we sot out fur another
camp ter trade fur some pervisions, but
couldn't eret none and hed ter cut up our
flat sleds fur luel an' pack ther furs on
ther bosses. Ther nex' day— it was Christ
mas; I shan't never furgit it — we foun' a
lot o' wolves what hed been poisoned by
Whoop-Up wolfers, an' ('twuz a groun'
hog case) we hed ter eat 'em or starve.
Pooty ticklish business eatin' pisoned
meat, you hear met though we biled it
carfully fust. Arter eatit;' some uv it we
set roun' ther fire fur a couple o' hours
a watchin' tpr see ef anybody kicked ; but
nobody didn't, and so we eat more uv it.
"What d' yer think o' that for a Christ
mas dinner? An' thet wuz all we hed till
we got back ter ther Big Bend, au' we
didn't git nuthin' thar but a dog. Our
sled dogs wqz -o thin yer could a'most see
through 'em, fur they'd been chawin" ol'
buffaler bones fur more'n three weeks
an' heda't hed a squar' meal in all
thet time. I pp« one on 'em biowed over
on ther perairie one day, he wuz that fee
ble. We left 'em at ther Bend fur thar
summer and started fur home. Soon arter
fcettin' out we killed a big dojs what hed
follered us frnm ther Bead, an' made
thor; work uv 'im, yon bet — pettin nnthin'
arterwiird fur two days 'cept a gopher —
ruther a light meal fnr niaem^n! Then
we come to a badger hole and camped by
it a day waitin' fnr him ter come out. He
did, £a"ly, an' we killed an' eat 'im — after
wards sinein' th' hair ofen ther skin an'
bilin' it! We used ter car'fulJy pic* over
our pelts, too— mostly badger, wolf an 1
d eer & fauntin' far iettle scraps o' flesh
on 'em, an' when we made camp et night
you'd see em stuck np all roun' th' fire on
ieetle sticks.
"Some ot her breeds actcherly roasted
shaganappi pack cords an' eat 'em, an*
one day one on 'em biled down 'bout a
hunderd ponn' o' buffaler bones, gittin'
enough marrer grease ter give us, mebbe,
half a dozen spoonfuls apiece.
"Anotner day we come acroste enough
•rock tripe' ter make a meal uv, an' 't
warnt bad, but we couldn't fin' no mo^e
uv it.
"6oon arter leavin' ther Bend I'd sent a
man ahead fur some chuck, an' he reached
us 'bout three days' travel frum ther post
with a bunderd poun' o' pemmican. How
them half breeds did gorge thesselves !
They got away with the'r share In four
meals— goin' hungry fnr ther nex' two
daya — but I went slow on mine, hid it
away, an' tied my meals reg'lar till we got
in. I never had no wus trip then thet
afore nor sence, though I hed sev'ral
a'most ez bad. Don't scarcely b'lieve I
cud stan' 'em now."
So saying the old man arose, knocked
the ashes out of his pipe ana "reckoned"
he would turn in. C. F. Davis.
"Father caught you smoking one of his
cigars, did he? Ana what did he do, lies
you?"
"No; wish he had."
"What then?"
"Made me smoke it— right through."—
Fun.
mind Andy jogged along the road until
he came to one of the numerous ferries he
had crossed early in the morning. Andy
had just enough money left to pay the
ferryman, and in so doing be said :
'•Well, old man, did a great day's
work."
"Yes," said the ferryman, as he threw
np the apron and shifted the position of
the boat for the return trip, "where you
been?"
"Oh, down the river," said Andy.
"Have a cigar?"
"Don't mind," replied the ferryman,
and as he glanced at the little red wrap
per around it he said: ••Why, this w one
of old Phil Dunnivan's cigars, bain t it t
I hope you haven't been wasting much
time on 1-hil, or spendin' much."
"Well, I straightened Phil out, just the
same," replied Andy, biting ofr the end
of nis cigar and between the puffs as he
was lighting it, "Phil's all right.
"Yes, but he don't live in your county."
"What!" said Andy, as he nearly fall
over the dashboard of his buggy.
"Why, you haven't been in your county
all day."
Andy looked at him in a dazed sort of a
way and finally said:
"Are youlyin'?"
•'No, I hain't iyin'. That's Yolo County
over on that side of the river."
"Well, I'll be damned!" said Andy, and
that was all he did say, but when he got
liome that night he sat up till morning
dawned, studying the map of his own
county. Jitson BRtentLIGHT UNO POWER
; SPREAD (BROAD
Three- Wire System of the
Edison Plant on Steven
son Street.
How the Currents Can Be Regu
lated and Equalized at the
Switch-Board.
The "Booster" Will Refresh a Long-
Distance Current — Capital In*
Tested and Hen Employed.
The magnitude of the electric lighting
- system of San Francisco cannot be com
prehended unless one pays a visit to the
extensive and superior plan* of the Edison
Light and Power Company, 227 and 229
Stevenson street. The plant is the largest
in tiie United States west of Chicago, and
is fully equipped with the latest up-to
date mechanical appliances. The man
ipulation 13 in the hands of skilled
electricians, whose faculties most con
stantly be on the alert.
The alternating Station A contains
twelve dynamos, operated by five engines
—two engines of 400 horsepower each,
TAXPAYERS AND
DELINQUENT TAXES
Rebates Will Be Paid With
out Regard to Former
Dues.
Judge Seawell Says the Consoli
•■: dation Act Dees Not
: ; ; Govern.
I" Corbett and Others to Draw Down
$40 05 Though They Owe $90 to
the City Treasury.
More than 10,000 taxpayers are directly
interested in and affected by a decision
rendered by Ju/ige Seawell of the Supe
rior Court yesterday morning in which he
held that the County Treasurer is not
called on to deduct from taxpayers delin
quent taxes for past years before repaying
to them money which they demand for
rebate on the taxes for the current year.
The question arose in th-* suit of Coroett
and others against the Treasurer when
they demanded a writ to compel him to
pay them $40 05 rebate said to be due to a
certain taxpayer who had assigned his
claim to Mr. Coroett and bis associates.
Deputy City and County Attorney Bro
beck, representing the Supervisors and
the City generally, and Attorney Willett,
representing the Treasurer, conceded that
tbe City is owing $40 05 to the taxpayer
for whose claim Mr. Corbett has an as
signment.
They draw attention to the fact, how
ever, that the said taxpayer is indebted to
the City for $90 on account of unpaid and
delinquent taxes levied in former years.
According to their view of the case it was
unreasonable to ask the City Treasurer to
pay $40 05, when be is actually indebted
more than twice tbat amount to the City.
Mr. Brobeckdrew the attention of the
court to section 82 of the consolidation
act, wh.ch contains tbe following lan
guage:
Section 82.— N0 payment can be made from
the treasury or out of the publ.c funds of saiu
cut ami county unless the same be specifically |
authorized by this act, nor unless the demand
which is paid or duly audited, as in this act
provided, and tnat must appear on the iace of
It. No demand upon the treasury shall be al
lowed by the Auditor m.favor of any person
or officer In any manner indebted thereto,
without first deducting the amuuntoi such in
debtedness.
In support of his position in this case
Mr. Brobeck said: "On the question of
the expediency of giving lull operation
and effect to that portion o! the consolida
tion act which requires the indebtedness
of all claimants to be discharged before
their claims can be audited, the Supreme
Court of this State in Gas Company vs.
B-ickwedel, 62 Cal. 646, held that: 'A
taxpayer should not be allowed to have
a claim against a municipal corporation
satisfied when he owes tosnch corporation
the money which goes to furnish the means
of discharging his claim.'
"Our contention being that the Treas
urer should not be required to pay out of
any public funds except upon demand
duly audited by the Auditor, we are lead
to further contend that no such demand
should be audited until the taxpayer's in
debtedness for delinquent taxes has been
deducted from the face of his demand for
rebate taxes.
' Attorney Willett said that the Political
Code holds that taxes when levied have
the effect of a judgment and of an execu
tion. Of course, that judgment is against
all the property of the taxpayer, and this,
being some of the property of the tax
payer, the Treasurer should hold it and
pay it over to the Tax Collector on account
of delinquent taxes.
Attorneys Craven 6 Craven argued that^
the consolidation act does not govern in a
case of this kind, as tbe demands of tax
payers are not presented to the Board of
Supervisors and the Auditor has nothing
to do with them. Numerous authorities
were eked in support of this position.
Judge Seawell repeated tbe suggestion
that he dropped at the opening of the
bearing, when he intimated that the
Treasurer and Auditor could not reason
ably be expected to hunt ud the accounts
of claims which the City may hold against
persons who may present "demands for
payment.
the Jcourt evidently did not consider
that the present case came fully within
the purview of section 82 of the consolida
tion aci, for in passing on the question
the Judge said: 'I think I will issue the
writ asked for in this case b?cau?e I do not
believe it right that the taxpayer should
be called upon to employ a lawyer to pre
pare a demand and have ft presented to
the Board of Supervisors and the Auditor
for audit be:ore he can finally present it
to the treasury.' The use of the word 'de
mand' in section 3804 o: the Political Code
is not the demand provided for in the
consolidation act, and the Auditor, not
beir.g required do audit the demand, is not
required to deduct rebate taxes."
It is expected that the case will be ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, Nearly
11,000 taxpayers are immediately inter
ested in this decision, the amount involved
so far as the City treasury is concerned be
ing over $70,000.
THE OCCIDENTAL HOTEL.
Its Attention to Guest* and Superior
Service U;ive Made It
Famous.
The reputation of the Occidental for ex
cellence is not confined to the United
States, but is familiar to the traveling pub
lic in every part of the world. Perhaps as a
quiet home for families who know how to
appreciate the uniform ntieiition ana
courtesy which have aiways distineuistied
the botel under tbe management of Major
Hooper it has more than in any other way
established its pre-em.nence.
In modern equipments tbe hotel is kept
strictly up-to-date. Improvements of the
latest character are always in progress,
and at the present lime the house has re-
Cfived new furnishings throughout, while
the newest system o' ?anitary plumbing
has been extended through the entire
building. It Las been a matter of com
ment among guests that on every visit
change- and improvements are noticeable
that add to the modem character of the
hostelry. A notab c instauce is the recent
introduction of the new telephone system,
by which every room in the Occidental is
connected by telephone with the of
fice. The commodious cafe and din
ing-rooms, the excellent cuisine, the Dar
and billiard-rooms, the eiegant parlors
and large sample-rooms 'or commercial
men bear evidence ot this progressive
spirit.
In army and navy circles the hotel is
regarded as a sort of unofficial head
quarters, and here may be met at one
time or another all the more or less dis
tinguished men in both branches of the
service who have visited San Francisco.
Here the reporter repairs to interview
some military or naval notable as he
lingers over his choice menu or lakes his
comfort in his enjoyable apartments.
To families visiting a jireat metropolis
wishing to see ull the objects worth steing
and enjoy tbe attractions to be found in
great centers of population it is an im
portant point to be considered that the
Occidental offers not only every modern
equipment and convenience of a great
hotel, but also the quiet seclusion of a
carefully guarded home, where nothine
inconsistent with the strictest respecta
bility is admitted.
Around £uropf in it Box.
The other ni^ht some workmen, open
ing at the railway station a chest purport
ing to contain bottles, found in side the
individual named Zeitung, who claims to
have traveled in this fashion ovar most of
the European lines. He was* alive, but
weak, as he had spent six days in the box
since he started from Bale. He accord
ingly was taken to the hospital, whence
tontlay he was discharged. He said his
object in visiting E,ome was to carry out
experiments with :\n impenetrable cuirass,
of which he claimed to be the inventor. —
Westminster Gazette.
Extra edition of Christmas Town Talk
on sale at all newsstands to-day. The
regular weekly edition will be issued to
morrow morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
Edison Light and Power Company's Building.
UNCLE SAM SHUNS
ART AND ARTISTS
The Reason Why Cade
nasso Painted Half
a Picture.
Its Middle Distance Ended With
a Presidio Fence to Save
Trouble.
Latimer and H.s Class Threatened
With Arrest for Sketching on
the Reservation.
Of late the Presidio fence has been a re
lemless barrier against artists, and never
more may a picture of some of the beauti
ful spots within the Government reserva
tion be painted. Nor even the Golden
Gate or the bay from any point of view
north of the long paiirjg that divides the
civil from the military world. Occasion
ally an unsuspecting artist wanders be
yond the boundary, and then there is
trouble. Not long since the charmed do
main was invaded by an artist equipped
with a sketching outfit. He did not ap
p ar warlike, which goes without saying,
as tbe unlprtunate one was none other
than G. Cadenasso. Now, Mr. Cadenasso
is nut a man with a disposition to give
people the impression of a European
gentleman with a mission inside the afore
said fence. Nor did he have the faintest
conception of all toe grave suspicions and
other equally ugly things his presence
with an uasel waa creating. An ideal man
ot peace, with thoughts only for the
beautiful, his soul was wrapt in a dream
of inspiring landscape, surely the painter
could not be taken for an emissary of a
foreign power gathering data about forts
and topography. And yet his reverie was
rudely disturbed that day as he sat beneath
a _reat weeping willow beside the lake at
tbe Marine Hospital.
"What are you doing here?"
The gruff voice startled the artist, who
on looßing up f iom his sketch beheld an
apparition in brass buttons ami blue uni
form. Il was the superintendent of the
hospital.
"Sketching," was the artist's answer.
Resentment of speech to which he was
not accustomed impelled Mr. Cadenasso'
to treat the official with disdain and he re
sumed his work, which had the effect of
exasperating the Government official.
"Imi you know the penalty for sketching
here?"
"I do not; I don't know that there is
any penalty."
••Well, there is. Three years' imprison
ment."
"Oh, well then, I'll leave."
This whs half an apology and the artist
proceeded to pack up his paints and
Drushes.
"You may finish this picture," the offi
cial said, "but don't come here again."
"Indeed, I shall not. I—"I — "
"Unless you have my permission," the
official added, interrupting the explana
tion.
But the picturesque bit ot scenery, with
its variety of vivid green weeping willows,
bluegum trees and knolls of gay flowers,
proved too strong a temptation, and the
artist visited it again, after paying his re
spects to tbe Marine Hospital superin
tendent. He painted four pictures there,
and (he last time came within an ace of
feeling tbe strictness of military law. It
happened this way: The picture was a
prospect from the hospital reservation
toward the Golden Gate. The foreground
was inside the hospital limit, bui right
through tbe center in what is technically
known as tbe "middle distance" ran the
Presidio fence, and as a matter of course
the landscape extended beyond in a
one of 300 horsepower, another of 250 and
still another of 200 horsepower. Two of
the engines were constructed by the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco and
two were built at Erie, Pa.
Passing along to station C, under the
same roof, one is introduced to the mys
teries of the three-wire system — a system
by which tlie weizht of a current may be
taken or equalized on a neutral wire be
tween the first, and second wires. The*
power between a positive and negative
wire may attain 220 volts; between a posi
tive aud neutral, or neutral and negative
a voJtage of 110 may be obtained. In this
way the current for either light or power
may be regulated, equalized and instantly
controlled.
In this room there are five superb
engines, each representing 750 horse
cower. These beautiful engines were
constructed at Wilmington, Del., and are
modern in every detail. To each engine
is attached a dynamo constructed by the
Gcverre Electrical Company of Schenec
tady, N. Y. There is still another engine
in the station with 350 horsepower.
Water for the engines is pumped at sta
tion B, a mile and a half south. The
water is taken from the bay there and is
condensed at the main station on Steven
son street. To economize in fuel, which
is a large item of expense, the water is
placed hot in the boilers. The engineers
at the Stevenson-street plant can at any
moment signal to the pumping plant for
an increased or diminished flow of water.
northerly direction. This happened to be
the direction 01 the fort.
"What are you doing there?"
The voice came from some distance,
from the Presidio, and it was that of the
officer of the day on his rounds.
"Sketching." replied the artist.
"You must stop; yon are liable to im
prisonment for three years."
"I have permission."
The officer of the day made an inspec
tion. He found a serious defect in the
sketch.
'•You have permission to paint in the
hospital grouads, but not beyond this
fence."
The end of it was that the "distance"
had to be rubbed out, for it was a true
picture of part "f the Presidio. Every
thing north of that fence running across
the canvas became a blank, and a new
background had to be discovered.
In the same way Mr. Latiraer almost
incurred the displeasure of the officers.
He used to take his class out to the Ma
rine Hospital, and his pupils became too
bold.
"The next time he comes here," said
the officer to Mr. Cadpnasso, "both he and
his class will be arrested." - r
Latimer was informed that same day of
his danger, and he has never ventured
near the frightful fence since. So Golden
Gate Park and thereabouts is good enough
now for artists who don't relish the
thought of three years' absence from their
studios.
GEORGE GOODMAN.
The name of this pioneer manufacturer
and layer of artificial stone is favorably
known to the business community. His
work is evilenced by the beautiful and
durable walks surrounding our public
buildings and many of our finest resi
dences. Mr. Goodman has been in this
business 1874, and whenever the
Federal Government want* any work done
in his line he ia selected by tun expert* io
dr> it. His office is at 3j7 Montgomery
street.
The Rural Idea.
When Millais was painting his famous
"Chill October" he had a movable plat
NEW TO-DAY.
1 i ".■'•■ ■ '-'■' ' ' ' , 1'" ■ ■: ■ '. - "
i %
JOHN D. SIEBE. FR. C. SIEBE. J. F. PLAGEMANN.
I SIEBE BROS. & PLAGEMANN, |
I Wine and Liquor .Merchants. j
ii 3
E U. Iv. :
ROSEDALE I 322 t0 352 Street,
Si I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 3
I BOURBON j g _^ I
Ik JOJMJiiJUJiiJiiJii Jii JMM.JMJttJi.JI.Ji. JiiJiiJiiJiiJUJUJiiJUJUJiIJii JiiJil JliJiiJiiJiiJUJii Ji. Jit Jtt Jii JiiJii Jiff!
For generating steam there are thirteen
upright and four horizontal boilers with
an aggregate power of 4500 horses.
The electric pow*er generated by the en
gines and dynamos above mentioned is
regulated in Its distribution by a switch
board. In this department men of the
highest skill and experience are em
ployed. Incidentally it may be noted
that a modern piece of mechanism known
as the "booster," as its name implies is
capable of boosting up or refreshing a fail
ing long-distance underground current.
It is a marvelous invention and has
solved the problem of transmitting power
for a great distance.
From the swiich-board the insulated
rubber wires of the three- wire system run
to the underground department, which re
sembles a vast tunnel with insulated wires
on either side. Here forty miies of under
ground conduits radiate, through which
passes 85 per cent of the electric light and
power of this magnificent plant.
The beautiful features of the system
and one that arrests the attention of ob
servers is the regulation cf distribution at
the switch-board. A volt meter and an
amp. meter afford the registrations. If
more light is desired at the corner of Sut
ler and Jonf s, for example, it is applied,
and the indicator indicates the increased
brilliancy.
Several tests were made to show the ad
mirable manner of controlling the supply
to every section of the City, near or re
mote. The light was increased at the
form erected on the bangs of the Tay, and
when the river rose he used to get a
friendly porter to assist him in the opera
tion of changing hi 3 position. Months
a terward a friend of Sir John met the
porter. "I was readin' in the papers that
Maister Millais got a thousand poun' for
a piciur', and I jeest thocht it micht be
the one he painted down there," pointing
over his shoulder to a backwater on the
Tay hard by. On being assured that he
had guessed rightly he remarked: "Aye —
and he got a thousand poun' for yon !
Wee!, I wadna hae gi'en half a croon for it
mysei' !" — Good Words.
LUKE G. SRESOVIOR & CO.
As every one knows, this is the leading
house in shipping green and dry fruits in
the City. It? Pioneer Shredded and Desic
cated Cocoanut has a high reputation.
The firm keeps on hand an immense
stock of the finest goods at 601-605 San
some street.
"TIGHT SHOE, SORE TOE CASE."
A Decision in an Interesting Accident
Insurance Litigation.
In the United States Circuit Court in St.
Louis the other day Judge Adams handed
down a decision giving Sarah T. Smith a
judgment against the Western Commer
cial Travelers' Association for $2165. This
is the somewhat celebrated "Tight Shoe,
Sore Toe Case." The plaintiff is the widow
of Freeman O. Smith, who was a member
of the defendant association, and she was
his beneficiary. The policy provided for
the payment of an amount not exceeding
$50G0 in the event of death by
"external, violent, accidental means."
Up to August, 1895, Smith was
an exceptionally healthy and strong
man. Early in that month he be
gan wearing a pair of new shoes, and
"breaking them in" produced friction of
the shoe against his foot, and there re
suited, "unexpectedly," as the Judge
finds, "and not according to the usual
course of things, an abrasion of the skin
ot one of his toes, thereby causing a sore."
Notwithstanding that he gave reason
Hotel St. Nicholas and the Hotel Pleasan
ton for a few seconds and the indicator at
once displayed the increase. Every fifteen
minutes of the day the amp. meter is read
to show the volume of light and power
eoing out. When more light or power is
demanded an additional engine is started
up. Both light an power may be trans
mitted over tee same wire.
The Edison Light and Power Company
has invested $3,000,000 in perfecting in
every detail the superb modern plant.
The number of men employed is about
350. The underground wires convey 85
per cent of the light and power gener
ated. The arc lights are fed by overhead
wires.
The oil used for the machinery is
pumped from tanks and flows back again
to the reservoir. The water is used over
and over again, so there is no waste. There
are storerooms in the basement of the
house, and overhead there is an extensive
laboratory and testing department. The
arc-light station of the company is situa
ted on Townsend street and Clarence place,
covering a space of 80 feet frontage by 275
feet in depth. Here are installed five en
gines, having a capacity of 3350 horse
power, to operate sixty - five dynamos.
This is pronounced by experts to be the
finest arc-light station in the United States.
The whole plant is under the supervision of
J. E. Green, secretary and eeneral mana
ger, to whose courtesy The Call is in
debted for the privilege of visiting the ex
tensive and superior works.
able attention to the injury th« sore grew
worse, and by the latter part of September
blood poisoning set in, and on October 8
he died from tbe effects of such blood
poisoning, which Judtre Adams concluded
was a direct result of the abrasion of the
toe caused by the tight shoe. These are
tbe facts as found by Judge Adams, and
he concludes death wasoccasiuned by "ex
ternal, violent and accidental means,"
within the true meaning of the certificate.
MURPHY, GRANT & CO.
The Greatest Wholesale Dry Goods
House on the Pacific
Coast.
This great firm occupies in the year of
grace 1896 the same position it has held
since the pioneer days, namely, in the fore
front of the great commercial establish
ments of the coast While San Francisco
has gone forward, at times slowly, at
times in leaps and bounds, the house of
Murphy, Grant & Co. has kept pace with
every phase of its development and pros
perity. Many firms which have been
prominent and powerful in commercial and
financial life in this City have gone out of
existence after a comparatively brief ca
reer.
They either went down during one
of the recurring periods of industrial de
pression, or were not conducted on wise
business principles. The management of
the house has never varied in its safe and
conservative policy. Its transactions
cover the United States as well as the
European centers of trade.
The firm wholesales domestic and im
ported dry goods, a vast stock of which it
carries in its warehouses.
Adam Grant, Henry Murphy, Joseph D.
Grant and H. L. Whippie constitute the
firm. The names have long represented
probity of character and high commercial
standing.
A wealthy Englishman, who recently
died in Vienna, had a fad for collecting
uniform buttons, tbe teeth of wild beasts
and the fans of beautiful women. His col
lection comprised 352 fans, 20,000 buttons
and about two bushels of animals' teeth.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR THE NEW MAP
Suit to Enjoin the Treas
urer From Paying
For It.
Charges That Grave Omissions
Appear in the Work of
the Surveyor.
Mr. Humphreys Defends His Work
and Declares That It Ap
proaches Perfection.
Tbe wrinkled front of war has again
come to view in the held of municipal
doings. This time it is manifested in an
injunction now in preparation to restrain
Treasurer Widber from paying the bal
ance of that $10,000 over to Surveyor TU
ton for the last City map.
The injunction will be asked by Dr.
George W. Daywalt in behalf of the peo
ple, and if a suit develops it will be carried
on in his name. Several other names were
suggested, but it was finally decided to let
the case for the public be carried on in Dr.
Day wait's name. He himself humorously
asserts he was the person chosen to bear
the blunt of the conflict because of the
manner in which, single-banded, he car
ried on the fight for Judge Hebbard in the
late Populist convention.
The attorneys who will carry the pay
ment of the balance of the $10,000 into
the courts are George W. Schell and Wil
liam H. Cobb. Messrs. Smith and Mur
askv are associate counsel.
The grounds on which the complaint
will be made are as follows:
First, because the Board of Supervisors,
being officers of me City, have 110 power
to enter into a contract with a City engi
neer for the performance of municipal
work and under guise of such contract in*
crease his salary.
Tilton now a^ ts $500 a year. Awarding
him a contract* for a ciiy map is stud vir
tually to increase his salary to $10,000 a
year.
Second, because the Board of Super
visors has no power or authority to con
tract for an official map at ail.
Third — Because the contract, even If
valid, provided that the work should be
completed by October 1, 1896 and the map
is not completed yet. .Neither was there
any extension of time.
Fourth — Because the contract and the
resolution of the Board of Supervisors re
quired that surveys should be made ac
tually upon the ground, monuments,
either of stone or iron, to be set up and
fixed and the homestead surveys properly
connected. It is claimed that none of
these things have been dune.
Fifth — Because it is claimed that streets
have been omitted from tbe map, which
have not only been dedicated but used by
the public lor years.
Sixth — Because ii is claimed that streets
wiiich have never been either dedicated to
or used Dy the public have been projected
through private property without any
warrant or authority whatever.
William P. Humphreys, the surveyor
who did the work for Mr. Tilton, told a
Call reporter yesterday that the map was
nearer perfection, both as regards accuracy
and detail, than any piece of work that
had ever been done for the city. Tho
terms of the contract between Mr. Tilton
and the Supervisors had been carried out
in every particular.
Referring to the complaint that certain
homesteads and other tracts laid out by
real estate men had been omitted from
the map, Mr. Humphreys said that thera
were some homesteads that appeared on
paper and then ceased to exist. The con
tract did not require him to put all those
private geographical subdivisions on the
map.
He declared that he did not propose to
make public the reasons why the exterior
contour lines of the great highway were
not laid down on the niup. If the reasons
were made public, he added, the beach
would be filled with squatters.
In answer to the complaint that the
boundary line between San Francisco and
San Mateo counties was not shown, Mr.
Humphreys said that there was a dispute
between the two counties about a slice of
territory five or six miles long and 100 feet
wide. He could not take upon himself to
settle the dispute. He insisted that there
was no valid cause of complaint against
the map. It involved a sreat deal of re
search and hunting through resolutions of
the Board of Supervisors since 1850 iv
order to correct the list of streets opened
and closed, and so forth.
The late Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson
affirmed that the skin of the reindeer is so
impervious to theco.d thai any one clothed
in such a dress, with the addition of a
blanket of the s-ame material, may bear
the intensest rigors of an Arctic winter's
night.
Tbe Dutch people consume more to
bacco per head than the people of any
other country.
33
•>34
BUILDINGD AND
MANUFACTURING
INDUSTRIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Pacific Postal Telegraph Building.
SHE RACED DOWN
THE FIRE ESCAPE
Pursued in Air by Her
Owner Wan Kirn Wins
Her Freedom.
Very Sensational Happening in
Chinatown Yesterday
Aiternoon.
Hatchet Men Came Upon the Scene
to Take Part in the Proceedings,
but Were Too Late.
Wan Kirn is popularly supposed to be
the handsomest girl in all Chinatown.
She is young, barely 17 years of age,
plump, rather tall, and with a complex
ion which receives decorative pigments
like satin.
Wan Kirn yesterday caused a decided
sensation in Spofford alley, near Clay
street, by making a hurried escape from a
den in which she was held as a prisoner.
She sped down several lengths of ladders,
which reached from the upper story of the
building, then scrambled upon a balcony,
and then, with an air which would make
the success of a heroine of melodrama,
leaped boldly downward, amid yells and
screams of excited Chinese, and made her
escape.
But this was not a dramatic show on
the part of the. handsome and fearless
Wan Kirn. She was risking her life to
escape from a life of infamy and the high
binder who caused her to be immured in
the den was in hot pursuit of her down
the fire escape. He was naturally sur
prised when he aaw her rapid flight, and
n^t a little astonished when, after she had
struck heavily on the hard street at the
conclusion of a long jump, she rose un
harmed to go away with white people
who had come to her rescue.
All the time the alley was filled with
expostulating and gesturing Chinese, who
had never seen anything as sensational in
Chinatown. Mingled with the cries were
grunts of admiration. The excitement
reached its height when the fleeing girl
placed one hand in the outstretched hand
of Mrs. Ida Hull, the matron of the
Methodist Chinese Mission on Washing
ton street and went away under her protec
tion and the more robust protection of
Officers Frank Holbrook and Callinan of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
The officers, escorting Mrs. Hull, ar
rived in the alley about 2:45 r. M. They
saw Wan Kirn on a balcony on the third
floor of the building. Her eyes roamed
uneasily about until she saw Mrs. Hull.
Then she gave a quick glance of recogni
tion, and a second later she had run up a
flight of stairs to the next story above, and
was on the iron fire escape, hastening for
her lite to reach the street.
Passing Chinese looked upward, at
tracted by the sbouts of Tie Yung, who
brought her from China a few months ago,
luring her from her mother by a pretense
that she was to 'be married to a wealthy
merchant in this City. As soon as she
reached San Franciscoshe was placed in a
house of shame. He valued her at $1750.
He shouted with anger as the screams of
the Chinese women in the house notified
him that Wan Kirn was on her way to free
dom. Tie Yung did not go all the way to
the ground after her, but stopped, baffled by
the officers, on the second floor and disap
peared into tbe building.
Almost instantly the whole alley was
crowded with Chinese. All the houses
fronting on the alley suddenly took on
an animated appearance, all the balconies
and windows being tilled with spectators
who undouotedly understood the full sig
nificance of what was going on. Wan
Kirn, having reached her white rescuers,
began to cry and went away weeping to
tbe Methodist Mission,
Hardly had she disappeared when two
hatchet men appeared acting as it they
meant mi-chief. A crowd who had fol
lowed Wan Kirn and the officers to the
Chinese Mission remained m the vicinity
for some time, but made no unpleasant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
New Shop Erected by C E Evans & Qo*, Specially Designed and Constructed
for Their Extensive Work in Marine Engines, Steam Pumps and General
Repairs, JB3-JBS-JB7 Fremont Street.
Joshua Hendy Machine Works, Nos. 38 to 44 Fremont Street, Manufacturers
of Hydraulic and Quartz Mining Machinery of Every Description.
demonstration. The girl was much fright
ened and it tooK some time to reassure her.
There is no doubt that she risked her life
to escape.
A VERDICT BY ARCHITECTS
Among the brands of Portland cement
in the world's market the leading place
has been gained by the product of the
largest factory" in the world— that of the
Alsen Cement Works, Hamburg,. Ger
many, whose output exceeds that of any
other farm, and whose exportations to the
United States lead. This cement has been
indorsed by the leading architects and en
gineers of Europe and America. Its su
periority is due to the skill and care of its
manufacture, its uniform setting quality,
its great strength and its ability to carry a
maximum percentage of sand and stone.
The tests of Alsen's cement have not been
surpassed by any other brand, and it is
more economical for use than cheaper
brands.
Alsen's cement has also won great popu
larity on the Pacific Coast, where its con
sumption is rapidly increasing, as build
ers liave become acquainted with its
superiority and comparative Cheapness. It
has been used in many of the largest con
tracts in Ban Francisco, and it is very
largely used in sidewalk construction, for
which it is the ideal cement, giving the
best color and the most durable wearing
surface. "Wiliam Wolff & Co., at 327 and
329 Market street, are sole agents for Cali
fornia, and Edmund Baker, general agent
for the Pacific Coast, with headquarters at
William Wolff & Co.'s, will gladly supply
any information desired.
ORDINANCES VETOED.
The Mayor Pats the Stamp of His
Disapproval on Two Railroad
Measure*.
Mayor Sutro yesterday vetoed two
measures recently passed by the Board of
Supervisors.
The first relates to the licenses of rail
road ticket-brokers, ana raises the annual
license from $40 to $1200. The Mayor
deems the amount excessive and unlaw
ful.
The other is the proposed order prohib
iting trespassing on the tracks ol railroad
companies except where they cross public
thoroughfare.-. This, the Mayor says, is
uncalled for and that the railroad com
pany has no right to ask the passage of
any sucli measure.
OWES HIS LIFE
TO A CONDUCTOR
Thrilling Scene on the Ala
meda Narrow-Gauge
Local.
Frank Brundage Saves an Old
Man From Being Dashed
to Death.
Suspended by the Trainman's Strong
Arms Between the Rapidly
Moving Cars.
Conductor Frank Brundage of the South
ern Pacific Company, who is familiarly
known among his intimates as "Slim,"
had a thrilling experience on his morning
run a few days ago that will long be re
membered by those who were witnesses
to the adventure.
Brundage takes the Alameda narrow
gauge local out in the morning and the
Oakland narrow-gauge during a portion
of the afternoon.
He was standing beside his train at
Webster-street station, in Aiameda, pre
paring to signal the engineer to start, on
the morning in question, when an elderly
man hurried past him and began to mount
the rear steps of a coach.
Just as the train pulled out the con
ductor stepped on the front ena of the
coach following tne one that the old man
had taken and saw that his belated pas
senger was in difficulties.
He appeared to be faint, and, as Bran
dage readied out to help him, let go with
the hand nearest the coach ana swung
around so that his body was between the
cars that were rapidly gaining headway.
His other hand was loosening its grasp
at the instant the conductor managed to
get a grip on his collar, and the trainman
held on for dear life. He tried to pull the
man over the iron railing of the car on
which he was standing, but the weight
was too much and he had all he could do to
prevent his burden from falling to certain
death under the car wheels. The train
was by this time going at full speed, and
Brundage, not knowing how long he could
support the unconscious man, was debat
ing whether to let go with one hand and
reach for the bellcord and stop the train,
or to hold on until the next station was
reached, which would be within a very
short time.
To his intense relief the old man sud
denly showed signs of returning conscious
ness, and tried feebly to catch hold of one
of the Iron rods by bis side. He gained a
grasp on it within a few seconds, and,
assisted by the conductor's strong arms,
reached the steps in safety amd sans down
exhausted. By the time he reached his
destination at Park street, he was suffi
ciently recovered to thank his rescuer and
walked away.
Brundage modestly refused to discuss
the matter when asked about it, but ad
mitted that such an occurrence had taken
place.
"Did just what any other man would
have done under the circumstances. 1 ' be
said as he went across the depot at the
mole to take his Oakland run.
From othei trainmen it was learned
that the man who was saved from a ter
rible death lives near Webster-street sta
tion, and that be is subject to the fainting
spells, one of which would have cost him
his life but for the quick wits of the con
ductor.
The Hudelson Libel.
The preliminary examination of Benjamin
F. Hudelson on the charge of libel was to have
been contlnuid yesterday afternoon before
Judge Campbell, but waa continued until
Monday. Attorney D. B. Woodworth, the
complaining witness, was not present, but
made his appearance a few minutes after the
court adjourned.
T he invention of mensuration and sur
veying is attributed by some writers to
the Egyptians, the annual overflow of the
Nile carrying eway landmarks and
boundaries of the arable fields, necessi
tating surveys and the redrawing of
boundary lines.
AN ARCHITECTURAL ORNA
MENT.
The New and Stately Edifice Erected
by the Enterprise of the
Hobart Estate.
Herewith is presented one of those
modern buildings which form the archi
tectural ornaments of our City. It is now
ready for the occupants and is situated on
tbe south side of Post street, between
Grant avenue and Stockton street. The
designs are by Percy & Hamilton. It is
six stories in height and covers a lot 67:6 x
120 feet, extending back to Morton street.
The style is the modern renaissance.
The frame is iron and steel, the side
and rear walls of brick, and the entire
front of light-colored sandstone. The
grand central entrance is very imposing,
consisting of a sione arch supported by
polished granite columns, with a vestibule
lined with marble. The two lower stories
BOWERS RUBBER COMPANY'B KKW FACTORY.
DOGS ON THE BENCH.
The California State Poultry and
Kennel Club Will Give an Ex
hibition Next Month.
The California State Poultry and Ken
nel Cluo is making extensive preparations
for its exhibition of dogs, which will be
held in Sacramento commencing January
9 and ending January 12. The secretary,
William E. Ladd of Stockton, states that
sportsmen and owners of high-class dogs
from many parts of the State have prom
ised their support. Among the many
high-bred canines that will appear on the
benches will be twenty fox terriers which
were recently imported from England by
the representatives of an English colony
in Placer County. It is said that the lit
tle barkers are perfect beauties aud will
cut quite a dash in Sacramento.
American Kennel Club rules will pov
ern. The judge, J. Otis Fellows of Hor
nellsville, N. V., will leave his home for
this coast about the first of next month.
He will pass judgment on all classes of
dogs.
Sportsmen are reminded that entries
will positively close with the secretary on
January 1, and that $3 must accompany
each entry.
It is said that Stockton has promised at
least twenty-seven entries, which in all
are of rustic order, the next lonic, the
facade surmounted by an attic mansard.
The roof is .fireproof. There are two
electric elevators and the bnildinjt ia
lighted by electricity. The eround floor
is occupied by an immense store and the
upper stories are reserved for offices, halls,
etc. It is eighty feet high and the cost ia
$70,000.
This magnificent building is in keeping
wiih the structures erected by the late Mr.
Hobart. He believed in the future of this
City and road** heavy Investments in real
estate here and in New YorK.
Tbe same care and foresight that dis
tinguished Mr. riobart in his investments
has been exercised by the managers of his
estate, and bis ideas and predilections
have been faithfully and successfully car
ried out. The great work that Mr. Hobart
did in this regard and which has been so
closely followed by hi 3 successors in their
admirable management of his estate will
forever remain his proudest monument as
well as a lasting benefaction to Sau Fran*
cisco.
probability will be increased 10 forty at
the time of cloning of entries.
\ The lovers r of St, Bernards, fox-terriers,
cockers, setters and pointers of San Fran*
cisco, Oakland and San Jose have all
promised their liberal support to the show.
; Although 1 ; the speedy greyhound is now
an animal that is much fancied by tha
lovers of coursing in this City, for some un«
explained reason the owners of the whip
tails show a marked dislike to dog shows.
The lovers of the leash in Sacramento
take a very different view of kennel shows
from ibeir brothers of this City, who take
stock only in racing. It has been an
nounced by the president of the Sacra*
memo Coursing Club that there will be at
least twenty greyhounds entered from the
capital city.' ;' .. - ; :
: - ■' The; Ban Jose, Los Angeles and Stocicton
bench snows will be held in April, and in
all probability Mr. Cfowell of the Breeder
and ;; Sportsman : will be selected to jndge
those shows. . . ''": ; • ••• ; 4
;' •-..; ■"',-. ■■..:,...'■'* ,v,../ ' ■• ■ : : x
' In seven consecutive years the St. Law? )
rence River gradually decreases in depth |
then for seven years it gradually increases
in .; depth, the n difference in level being
about five feet. ; Why it does so no one bai
yet discovered.
■ t •—• — • — • — — —
The I carrier-pigeon has . flown \ long dis«
tances at rates of speed ranging from sixty
miles up to eighty miles an hour, and foi
many hours together. ,BY ALL MEANS
HONOR BURNS
Dr. McNutt Is Out in Favor
• . of the Monu
ment.
Thinks There Would Be No
... .Trouble in Raising the Big
;• '• .Sum Necessary.
Entertainments Would Quicken In
terest, While at the Same Time
Increase the Fund.
Dr. W. F. McNntt is a champion of the
Burns monument.
He was not at the meeting of the Cale
donian Club at which th« idea was sprung
upon Scotch circles, but that fact didn't
-seem to hinder or affect his enthusiasm in
the least. He said the monument pro
ject, if properly undertaken, would go on
to completion with certainty.
What he meant by being propnrly un
dertaken, he said, was being placed in the
hands of thoroughly responsible men. If
sHch men, who might be easily named by
i:he doeen from the ranks of the Scotch-
Aunerican citizens of this City, were en-
J.sted in the plan, their interest awakened
to such a degree that they would be will
ing to undertake it, that in itself would
mean a monument, and a worthy one.
"It is good logic, you see," he said.
"Thoroughly responsible men will not
lend their names to the enterprise unless
they see a way to its successful comple
tion. Their names and their best endeav
ors pledged, the rest would be only a mat
ter of time, and, so far as that, too, the
very least time that might be necessary to
the work.
"So the first thing to do is for all who
are interested in the project to see to it
that this first step is taken prooerly.
"Who might be named? Oh, that is
not for me to say, but it would not be a
Hard task to have a large committee of
men of the type I nave in mind each one
of whom would be almost a pledge of auc
cees."
"But would it be so «asy to find men of
such character who would be interested
enough to serve on such committee ?"
"I think so, readiiy enough. Every
good citizen of San Francisco; every good
Scotch-American is interested in that sub
ject We all know that intuitively, but,
more than that, they have been tested.'
This matter of a Burns monument has
been discussed before and there wa3 at
that time a general rally of the country
men of the poet. The mention of Burns
quickens the blood of the Scotchman; in
deed, if there be any man of any nation
whose heart does not warm under the in
fluence of his beautiful songs he is un
harrpy indeed.
"I approve of Mr. McNeill's suggestion
that the receipts of the Caledonian Clud's
annual gathering and games be put away
as a nucleus of the fund. It would soon
be possible to add to that fund, and I am
sure it could be made to grow rapidly.
The talk abont a Burns monument would
loosen purse strinzs. There could be
many way 3 devised for increasing the
fund. For instance a Barns night at the
Baldwin would, I am sure, fill the theater.
TLere should be nothing but Burns —
Burns music and songs and Burns read
ings. As the poet says himself:
i Compared with these, Italian trills are tame;
1 The tickled ear no heartfelt raptures raise."
Dr. McNutt swung In his cnair just half
round and laid his hand on a well-worn
volume of the poet in the book shelf at
his hand, among the dry medical works.
"The lines occur in 'The Cotter's Satur
day Night, 1 "he said. "The whole poem
is simply a relation of incidents in his
own father's house. He says:
They chant their author's notes In simple
guise.
They tune their hearts, by far the noblest
aim:
Perhaps "Dundee's" wild-warbling measures
rise
On plaintive "martyrs" worthy of the name;
Or noble "Elgin" beats the heavenward flame,
The sweetest fad Scotia's holy lavs;
Compared with these, Italian trills are tame;
The tickled ear no heartfelt raptures raise;
Nae umsou hae they with our Creator's prai.-e.
"There is a tine picture of Burns as he
bade farewell to bis 'ane sweet Highland
Mary 1 ," continued the doctor, laying
down the volume to point to a large en
graving occupying the whole space above
the fireplace.
"Yes, a 'Burns Night' would not only
fill any of the large halls or theaters of
the City, resulting in a large addition to
the monument fund, but it would serve to
quicken interest in the project, and no
doubt result in a flood of donations. You
may say that I am heartily in favor of the
Burns monument.
"It is time that some attention is paid in
this way to the men who have done so
much toward cultivating and civilizing
the world. We find the world dotted with
shafts of bronze and stone in honor of the
men who have distinguished themselves
by killing off their fellows. We should do
some tardy honor to those who empha
size the beauty of peace and good fellow
ship. By all meana let as build a monu
ment to Burns."
NIGHT AIR.
Its Effects Considered, WHh Some Hy
gienic Hints.
In summer when the rays of the sun fall
almost vertically upon the earth's surface
the gradual fall in the temperature at
night comes as a welcome relief from the
heat of the day.
During the rest of the year the sun's
rays strike the earth more obliquely and
are sufficient to warm only a thin crust at
its surface which loses its heat rapidly
after the sun has set and the temperature
of the air falls abruptly. Under these
conditions nieht air may become a source
of danger. The sudden change in temper
ature calls for extra protection of the
body, and one should never think of set
ting out even on a short journey without
extra wraps.
* Except in severe weather it is not neces
■ary to care so much for the extremities,
as the circulation of the blood is main
tained in these parts by their constant
motion. But the chest, as the seat of the
bulk of the blood and the vitality of the
body, should be protected from chill. The
so-called chest protectors are useful, but
nothing is simpler than to habituate one «
self to wearing woolen underclothing,
suiting the weight to the season of the
year Wool is a poor conductor ot heat,
and when worn next the skin absorbes the
perspiration and prevents too rapid loss of
:the body heat.
Moreover, when the temperature falls
•suddenly at night, the moisture present in
the air it condensed and falls to the ground
in the form of dew. The dampness and
chill form an additional source of danger,
against which it iB necessary to guard,
especially in the matter of footwear.
I Thicker oboes and warm, dry stockings
f should be worn.
The direct rays of the sun kill many
i,: the microbes that are the specific
cause of disease. Consequently night
is the favorite time for the evil gnomes of
disease to collect their forces and make
their plan of attack against mankind.
Powerless against the warm, bright rays
ot the sun, they succumb in the unequal
contest; but at night, aided by the slight
dampness, they rise from their hiding
places and are borne away by the con- i
stantly shifting currents of air upon their
errands of sickness and death.
Though this may seem to be more or
less fanciful, the study of the origin and
life of the various germs of disease has
proved that the idea embodies a truth,
and that night air is favorable to tbeir
propagation. — Youth's Companion.
SOME FOOLISH BETS.
Within the Tear Some Curious Ones
Have Been Won and Lost.
The last six months have seen some
curious bets made, won and lost. To start
with, we have that of two Englishmen at
Monte Carlo, who ran a race for a prize of
1000 francs, the winner of which, so the
conditions ran, had to immediately stake
the loser's money on the red at the tables.
Of the luck which attended the venture,
and the "red" dinner which the favorites
of fortune afterward gave at the Savoy
Hotel, when the lights, decorations and
even tbe waiters' shirt fronts were of ver
million hue, much has been written
already.
A foolhardy cycling feat, undertaken by
a young Englishman named French, was
recently accomplished at Monaco for a bet
of $500. Tne object to be accomplished
was the descent from Monaco proper to
the Condamine quarter on a unicycie.
When the reader is informed that not
only is the path very steep and has three
turnings, but is broken in several places
by steps, the difficulty of taking a uni
cycie over such a course without the rider
falling off will be appreciated.
Another peculiar wager came off at
Gourdon, a town famous for nuts and
truffles, in the southwestern department
of tne Lot, when sixty-five woman bad a
nut-cracking race. There were twenty
three prizes, of which 12 francs and a sack
of nuts were the best. The consolation
prize was not what you might call valu
able, and consisted of the debris of
tbe shells onJy. Ten kilogrammes of
nuts had to be cracked and prepared
ready to be put in cakes, and in 12><
minutes the race ended in a dead heat.
One of the most startling wagers of the
half year— startling because it was made
in the House of Commons itself in open
debate— was that of Gibson Bowles, who
offered to bet Sir W. K. Shuttleworth that
his (Mr. Bowies') memory was better than
that of the worthy Baronet. Had the bet
been taken, which it was not, Gibson
Bowles would have had to deplore the loss
of one guinea, the sum he wished to wager
on himse.'f, as he had to acknowledge the
following day. — Spare Moments.
WRIGHT LAW IS RUINOUS
A Practical Business Man
Talks About Irrigation
Methods.
The Law, if Enforced, Means Rain to
Thousands of Farmers in This
State, and Is Unjust
Henry Miller, of the ereat firm of Hil
ler & Lux, was asked by a Call reporter
for his opinion with regard to the recent
decision of the United States Supreme
Court affirming the constitutionality
of the Wright irrigation law. Mr. Miller
is a very plain spoken man and uses the
most direct language. He is an earnest,
far-seeing man of business, a shrewd
thinker and has studied the irrigation
problem closely. Hence his opinion will
be accepted as of more than ordinary
value in relation to this subject.
Mr. Miller said that the decision meant
ruin to many farmers if it were as sweep
ing as is generally believed. The decis
ion is not accepted as final by the oppo
nents of the Wrieht law. The Modesto
case, which was the one appealed to the
Supreme Court, simply confirmed ' the
organization of the district and the orig
inal issue of the bonds. They have been
sold since, and if there was any illegality
in their sale that sale was open to attack.
The land-owners can still have redress in
the State courts against illegal or fraudu
lent districts or bonds, and will seek it in
nearly every district in California.
The farmers in every district in the State
will make a desperate struggle to save
their homes and land from confiscation.
They have been made the victims of
schemers and they have had their eyes
opened. All this talk about repudiation, is
the veriest nonsense. It is a cry raised
by those guilty of either illegality or fraud
by which they are seeking to divert atten
tion from the real facts. . .
Mr. Miller mentioned the Poso district
and quoted a passage from a letter written
by a former director of that district as
follows :
"If there was ever displayed incom
petence and ignorance in public work it
has been so shown in the works of the
PO3O district, for they disposed of $500,000
of the bonds of fie district, collected $tio,
-000 cash " taxes and as much delinquent,
besides some $15,000 warrants outstanding,
and have not given the landowners an
acre foot of water; and, further, I maice
the assertion that there ha:; not been a
single bond paid for in a legal manner.
"In the Alta district $400,000 was paid
for the old 1876 Canal Company's system,
when they had been perpetually enjoined
from taking any water out of Kings Kiver,
and have no right to-day to the water.
"In the Alessandro district $765,000 in
bonds were issued for water cnilicates —
mere contract— with the Bear Valley Com
pany. That company had a mortgage on
its property foreclosed, and v for this high
bonded debt the landowners set nothing;.
The Perris district issued $400,000 bonds
in the same way, and is likewise leit in
the lurch. Neither of these districts ever
got water for a tenth of the land."
■ Under the Wright law fifty or sixty men
owning land in an irrigation district, with
the assistance of a crowd of non-taxpay
ers, are able to vote away the property of
all the other land-owners in the district.
The general effect of the decision will be
to withdraw all lands r- in irrigation dis
tricts from all possibility of development
until the evil conditions existing in them
have been relieved by our own State
courts. More bonds cannot be sold, and
there is no hope of making any further
progress under the existing law.
' _ » * • - -
CHRISTMAS AT THE CHUTES.
Big List of Attractions on Halght Street
This Afternoon and Evening.
If the weather is pleasant the youngsters
will have a great time out at the Chutes
to-day. Every school child in Ban .Fran
cisco and Oakland has been presented
with an invitation good for the holidays,
and, of course, Christmas will bring them
out in force.
In addition to the regular attractions —
Korto, who walks down the chutes on a.
globe, and the animatoscope — a number
of features have been prepared.
There will bo a five-mile bicycle contest
on stationary wheels and a potato race,
and in the afternoon Emil Markeberg will
make a balloon ascension and parachute
drop.
The skating rink will be open all day,
and everything on the grounds will be in
full blast.
Will Not Retire.
The Alliance Assurance Company of London,
on and after the first day of January next, will
be represented on the Pacific Coast by C. F.
Mullins, as brand* manager, the rumors as to
the company's retirement and reinsurance
being incorrect. The Commercial Union As
surance Company Limited of London, now
represented by C. F. Mullins, and the Alliance
will occupy the same offices, each company
issuing its own policies, and in every resoect
being independent as to their affairs and busi
ness, the ouly ioint interest being that of
management ana offices.
"Papa," said Tommy, "do you think
Santa Claus would be offended if I put a
note into the chimney and told him in
which toystore they kept the bsst fire
engines?"— Harper's Bazar.
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
THE ROUTE FOR
HEALTH AND VIEWS
What May Be Seen by the
Traveler on the Santa
Fe Line.
The Rigors of Winter Are
Never Encountered in the
Semi-Tropic Belt.
Elegant Palace Drawing*-Room Pull
man and Tourist Sleepers on
the Ca'ifornia Limited.
The Santa Fe route, which is popularly
regarded as synonymous with everything
that is iuxur'oU9, convenient and delight
ful in transcontinental travel, has entered
the field with a vestibuled train service
known as the Limited.
So much has been written about tbe
route of the Santa Fe between California
Typical Scene Along; the Line of the Atlantic and Pacific Railway.
and Chicago or Eastern cities it hardly
needs a description. Much of it ha 3 been
the subject of magazine articles year after
year since tne road opened a new world's
wonder to the traveler; and also the
theme of song and story, the wonder of
science. Here nature has arrayed herself
in a mighty splendor, a sublimity that
fills the mind with awe.
Everything is on a scale of such raag
nilicence the scenery passes that stage
where nature inspires; it transcends the
beauty of all the fashionable scenery of
the earth rolled into one. In New Mex
ico, for instance, the line falls rarely be
low an elevation of 5000 feet. The land
scape is oriental in aspect and flushed
with color. Nowhere else can you find
sky of deeper blue, more daz
zling, shadows more intense, clouds more
luminously white or stars that throb with
redder fire.
Scattered by the way are sleepy Mexi
can viliaces, ancient Indian pueblos, still
inhabited, and those older abandoned
ruins which give to the region its peculiar
atmosphere of mystery.
To escape the rigors of winter, there is
no more lavorable region for the traveler,
possessing as it does a dry, pure, exhilar
ating uir and a maximum of sunbhiuy
days. The fact that it is famous for
health resorts is sufficient proof of this
plain statement.
The California Limited is a solid vesti
buled train consisting ot Pullman palace
double drawing-room sleepers and dining
car between Chicago and Los Angeles;
and connecting parlor-car between Los
Angeles and San Diego, in both directions;
also a through Pullman palace double
drawing-room sleeper between St. Louis
and Los Angeles, via the Wabash
line east of Kansas City, and
Pullman palace sleeper between Den
ver and Las Vegas. The train is illumina
ted by Pintsch gas, and has all the mod
ern comforts. The dining-car and buffet
service is under the management of Mr.
Fred Harvey, whose reputation as a caterer
is National. Dining-car being always at
tached, patrons are assured meals at con
venient hours. A notable feature is the
smoking and buffet car, which is furnished
with tables, easy chairs, writing materials,
the latest periodicals, a well-stocked ouf
fet and other conveniences.
Palace drawing-room Pullman sleepers,
also modern upholstered tourist sleepers
run through daily from Oakland pier to
Chicago via Mojave, Albuquerque and
Kansas City. There are connecting cars
on snort connection for Denver and St.
Louis.
Las Vegas Hot Springs have become a
halfway resting place. These springs,
with an elevation of 6700 feet, have the
most pretentious sanitarium to be found
in the Territory, situated six miles distant
from the city of Las Vegas. This resort
offers excellent hotel accommodations,
delightful mountain scenery and every
variety of bath in the waters of the native
hot springs. Santa Fe (6937 feet) is the
capital of the Territory and its most
ancient city. It was in existence as an
Indian village wh.n the Spaniards pene
trated that region in 1540, and still
contains many ruins and aspects of In
dian and Spanish life full of fascinat
ing interest both to the antiquarian and
the casual traveler. It has Hotels and
sanitariums. Ojo Caliente (6292 feet),
reached via Santa Fe, is celebrated for its
hot springs. Albuquerque (4935 feet), in
the Upper Rio Grande Valley, is a com
mercial center, possessing an agreeable
winter climate. Las Cruces (.",873 feet) is
a pretty town in the Lower Rio Grande
Valley, about fifty miles north of the Texas
State line, in the center of prosperous
vineyards and fruit orchards. The ciimate
is very mild, and many invalids are to be
found there during the winter season. At
Hudson Hot Springs (4894 feet) are min
eral waters of great medicinal virtue. A
new hotel and bath-house are in process
of completion.
The Salt River Valley is now most prom
inently before the public, and Pi.cenix is
best equipped to receive visitors, although
there are several towns in the middle por
tion of the Territory, such as Flagstaff
and Holbrook, where limited accommoda
tions may be secured. Tne altitude of
Phconix is about 1200 feet and the valley,
sixty miles long by twenty wide, is pro
tected by high mountains. Nearly all
kinds of frnits and agricultural products
are raised here in abundance by aid of
irrigation. Tne Santa Fe, Phconix and,
Pre^cott Railway runs from Ash Fork, on
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad (Santa
Fe system), through Prescott, the center
of an exceedingly rich silver, copper and
gojd mining district, to Phoenix, a iiiaiau.ce
of 197 miles. It would be difficult to find
a location where the effect of climate alone
is more beneficial to sufferers from throat
ami lung troubles.
The Grand Canyon of the Colorado
River may be vi3ited (via. Flagstaff) dur
ing the summer and also during the win
ter season when the weather is favorable.
The principal industries along the line
of the Atlantic and Pacific are the borax
mines near Daggett, the salt mines near
Danbv, gold mining on tlie Clorado River,
lumber at Williams and Flagstaff, coal
mines at Gallup, sheep and cattle raising,
and fruit and vegetable gardens along the
line, and last, t bough among the most
important, the Arizona Sandstone Com
pany's quarry at Flagstaff, which fur
nishes the stone with which Claus Spreck
els' new mansion on Van Ness avenue is
built.
The portion in Arizona to be traversed
is a land of prodigious mountain ten aces,
extensive plateaus, profouna canyons, and
flit arid plains, dotted with gardens of
fruits and flowers, patched with vast tracts
of pine timber and veined witn precious
stones and metuls, alternating with deso
late beds of lava, bald mountainous cones
of black and red volcanic cinder, grass
carpeted parks, uncouth vegetable growths
of the desert, and bleak rock spires, above
all which white peaks gleam radiantly in
almost perpetual sunlight. Here are
health resorts and winter sanitariums.
The altitude is practically the same as
that of the route through New Mexico,
undulatine between 5000 and 7000 feet
above sea level.
For the winter season of 1896-97 the Cali
fornia Limited train will be operated semi
weekly between Chicago and Southern
California. Westbound the train leaves
Chicago on successive Wednesdays and
Saturdays, and eastbouna leaves San Diego
and Los Angeles on successive Mondays
and Thursdays, as per time-table herein.
The run from Chicago to Los Angeles is
made in the remarkably quick time of
seventy-two hours and in seventy-six
hours to San Diego. As an instance of
the liberal methods of the Santa Fe peo
ple it has been decided to charge no extra
lare, though west of Kansis City only
first-class tickets are accepted on the Cali
fornia Limited.
This train, which surpasses anything of
its kind ever attempted, connects at Chi
caeo, Kansas City and Denver with the
principal fas<t trains of all lines at these
places, and also at the Needles, or Barstow,
with the train for this City. Of course
this is a specially conducted, specially or
ganized hotel on wheels, representing the
highest flight toward perfection in passen
ger service, and the company runs it in
addition to the regular daily through ser
vice to and from California, which trains
carry both p.iiace and tourist sleepers.
FIREMAN'S PUND.
Record of One of the Best Managed and
Most Successful Flro Insurance
Companies in the United States.
The distinction of being the only insur
ance company organized on this coast
that ever achieved a National staading be
longs to the Fireman's Fund.
The development of this great company
and the increasing magnitude of its oper
ations can be seen at a glance at the fol
lowing tabulated statement:
.inn. 1. Assets. lU'lris. Heserve, »t Surplus.
1880.... $741,487 72 *L'44,60S 64 $153,172 18
1585....1.6U0.894 77 407.H98 tiß 268,33190
189 U. ..2,431,717 79 797,618 97 481,438 26
1894... H,111,459 67 1,143,458 18 73J,0b7 68
1895....3,240,8« 114 1.822.299 42 b46.2«7 81
1896.... 3,449,095 00 1,218,67174 9&7.206 09
The large annual income of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company , its va3t
assets and net surplus, sufficient to guar
antee prompt payment of any future lia
bilities, are apparent by tue foregoing fig
ures. The long-continued business ae
pression has swept numerous insurance
companies out of existence, and numbers
of others have steadily lost money. In
the face of this the Fireman's Fund
stands fourth on the list in the United
States in the actual profits of underwrit
ing from January 1, 1885, to January,
1896.
The annual statement for 1896 shows a
capital of $1,000,000 and assets valued at
$3 449 095. The net surplus over capital
and all liabilities was $987,205. The head
office in San Francisco is in their own
handsome building, 401 to 407 California
street. There are branches in Boston, Chi
cago and Atlanta.
The average underwriting profits of the
few companies that bave made money dur
ing the last decade is less than 4 per cent.
Wnen we contrast with this the phenom
enal success of the Fireman's Fund the
conclusion is logical that it is due to the
wise and conservative management which
has distinguished it.
It is a fact worthy of comment that the
principal officers of the company have
been directing its prosperous career for
years. D. J. Staples has been its presi
dent for more than a quarter of a century.
W. J. Dntton, vice-president, has been
with it since its organization. Bernard
Faymonville, second vice-president and
secretary, has given to it many years of
effective service. The marine secretary is
T. B. Levison, and the assistant secretary
Louis Weinman.
The general agent, Stephen D. lyes, is
a familiar figure in insurance circle*,
and his long and valuable services to Ibe
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company are
well recognized.
DEMANDED HIS OFFICE.
B. H. Webstar Asks That He Be Pat
in Possession of the Office of Super
intendent of Schools.
Reginald H. Webster, who has been de
clared by the Election Commissioners the
legally elected Superintendent of Public
Schools, made a formal demand for the
office on Madison Babcock, who now holds
the place, yesterday.
Mr. Babcock claims that a recent deci
sion of the. Supreme Court makes him a
bold-over officer, and that he is entitled to
tne position, despite the fact that Mr.
Webster received a majority of the votes
cast for Superintendent of Schools at the
late election.
The meeting was perfectly friendly on
both sides, and when Mr. Webster had
tiled both his oral and written demand he
was bowed out courteously by Mr. Bab
cock.
TIMES WILL
BE BRIGHTER
Col. George Stone's Views
on the Business
Outlook.
Growing Interest in Mines, Agri
cultural and Timber Lands
and Other Investments.
Completion of the Turlcck Canal— A
New Electric Road for Scnoma
Valley.
"During my twenty-six years' residence
in California I can't remember a time
whea the outlook for the general prosper
ity of tbe State was so encouraging," said
Colonel George Stone, who was seated in
his office yesterday, and he removed his
cigar, the better to emphasize this to a
Cam. man, who bad been detailed to
gather the opinions of leading men of the
State on the business outlook for the new
year.
"What makes me think so? Well, to
begin with, the great interest in mining
shown by our people, and I doubt if there
ever has been such a desire in the history
of that industry on the part of outside
capital to invest in our quartz mines. If
our Government would establish a depart
ment of mines with a secretary in the
Cabinet I think it would help to place this
great industry where it belongs. Tne old
order of things wben mining was regarded
as a wild speculation has passed away.
The business as a rule is now carried on
legitimately, and it is equally conservative
with manufacturing.
"The prospect of reasonable protection
for the fruit, lumber and other products of
our State," continued the colonel, "has
stimulated all classes of business. Desir
able lands are being sought for, and while
six months ago agricultural and timber
lands could not be disposed of at any
price transactions in that line are now fre
quent.
"I notice also there are fewer men seek
ing employment since election. This is
another evidence that the old-time faith
in the prosperity of our country under
Republican rule is as strong as ever. New
railroads are projected, especially short in
terior lines, new irrigation projects and the
completion of many old ones that remained
unfinished pending the uncertainty of the
Wright law."
Few men in the State, perhaps, are bet
ter qualified to give an opinion on the
industrial outlook than Colonel Stone.
As a large employer of labor while en
gaged on contracts for the construction of
the coast line of the Southern Pacific
through San Luis Obispo and Panta Bar
bara counties, and other large enter
prises, his opportunities for trustworthy
observation are exceptional.
"As president of the Union League Club,
president of the People's Home Savings
Bank and of various mining companies
your hands ought to be pretty full,
Colonel?
"My principal business is railroad con
struction. I have just closed a contract
with the Turlock Irrigation District. The
work includes the completion of the
well-known canal and tne building of a
flume, which we estimate will require in
its construction 1,500,000 leet of lumber.
There will be in addition necessary bridges,
etc.
"You may say In The Call." he added,
"that an enterprise of great importance to
the State has been started in the organiza
tion of the Santa Rosa and Sonoma Rail
road, of which I have Deen chosen presi
dent.
"It commences at Embarcadero, running
through Sonoma City, Kenwood, Aqua
Caliente. Santa Rosa, Healdsburg. Knights
Valley, thence on to Napa. It will be about
seventy miles in length in Sonoma County
and forty miles in Napa County. The
company was organized by Captain A. M.
Griswold of Kenwood, Sonoma County.
Bonds have been already placed in the
East. It will tap the richest part of the
valley, and will powerfully aid in the de
velopment of its agricultural and indus
trial resources, as well as those of the
State in general."
It is well remembered that the colonel
did some pretty hard work to carry the
State for McjLiniey, and by the same
token went down in his pocket in addi
tion.
"What do you think of the chances of a
Califoruian for a job in the new Cabinet?"
"I am not doing politics now, but I be
lieve it is the desire of the President
elect to recognize our State. We have
some splendid material in the party for the
position, and I only hopo that neither
local conditions nor unworthy rivalries
will embarrass him in his choice."
BURNS DIED PENNILESS.
First Obituary Notice Calls for Help
for His Family.
When Robert Burns tiled tbe following
obituary appeared in the Edinburgh Ad
vertiser of July 26, 1796, says the New
York Press: "On the 21st inst., died at
Dumfries, after a lingering illness, the cel
ebrated Robert Burns. His poetical com
positions, distinguished equally by the
force of native humor, by the warmth
and tenderness of passion and by the
glowing touches of a descriptive pencil, will
remain a lasting monument of the vigor
and versatility of a mind guided only by
tne lights of nature and by the inspira
tion of genius. The public to whose
amusement he has so largely contributed
will learn with regret that his extraordi
nary endowments were accompanied with
frailties which rendered them useless to
himself and his family. The last months
of his short life were spent in sickness and
indigence and his widow, with five infant
children, and in the hourly expectation of
a sixth, is now ■ left wiihout any resource
but what she may hope from the regard
due to the memory of her husband.
"The public are respectfully informed
that contributions for the wife and family
of the late Robert Burns (who are left in
circumstances of extreme distress) will be
received at tbe houses of Sir William
Forbes & Co. of Messrs. Mansfield, Ram
say & Co. and at the shops of the Edin
burgh booksellers. It is proposed to pub
lish some time hence a posthumous
volume of the poetical remains of Robert
Burns for the benefit of the author's
family; his friends and acquaintances are
requested to transmit such poems and let
ters as may happen to be In ther possession
to Alexander Cunningham, writer, George
street, Edinburgh, or to John Syme Esq.,
Ryedale, Dumfries. It is hoped that, in the
meantime, none of his original produc
tions will be communicated •"» tha public
through the channel of newspapers or
magazines, so as to injure the sale of the
intended publication."
PASSING OF THE PASSPORT.
It I» to Be Succeeded by tbe ldentifloa
tlon Book.
According to the New York Herald tbe
bulky old passport has had its best day. In
its stead the identification book is now
growing in public favor.
While passports were intended for iden
tification they did cot always identify.
The mere verbal description filled in by
the owner primarily, and then copied by
some cleric in the State Department, was
sufficiently exact for ordinary occasions,
but not for extraordinary ones. And the
wise tour.st prepares for both.
Travelers who are not equipped with
any language but their own under the
passport, system can be exposed to more
than petty annoyances, particularly in
the more unfrequented paths of Spain
and Russia. They may have trouble in
securing mail addressed to them, or in
cashing money and express orders. And
instances are by no means infrequent
where travelers have been absolutely
stranded for lack of funds, which were
even then waiting for them at some
provincial postofßce, and they were sacri
ficed to the elaborate scruples of some
honest but obstinate village postmaster.
But armed with an identification book
one can refuse to be bulldozed by an offi
cial for lack of evidence of one's identity.
The matter of its official adoption by
the United States will come up for con
sideration tliis winter in Washington.
Most of the European countries have suc
cessfully tried tie system. France and
Italy were the pioneers in the movement,
and have shown no desire to return to
earlier methods.
The book of identification is a small
paper-bound volume of a size convenient
for the pocket. It may be purchased at
any postoffice at an outlay equivalent to
10 cents. On ti>e inner side of the cover is
placed a photograph of the holder, tied
firmly in place, and fastened by a senled
ribbon. To this is attached the signature
of the holder. On the pa^e opposite ttie
cover is a declaration, signed by the post
office official who originally solu thp book,
attesting the genuineness of the signature,
the making of which of course he must
witness, and the correctness of the like
ness as set forth by tne photograph.
The pages following contain the usual
verbal description familiar to tbe holder
of passports, consisting of details as to
eyes, nose, mouth, forehead, chin, hair,
coloring, height, weight and particular
marks or scars.
It also contains a declaration to the
effect that "on presentation of this book
and the signing of a receipt any postoffice
is required to deliver to the holder all
mail matter addressed to him." It is im
perative that tne signature on the receipt
should correspond with that of the book,
and tbe better the photograph the easier
the hard path of the globe-trotter.
HELPED TO HOMES.
The Good Work of a Prosper
* ous Cali'ornian Insti
tution.
What the Continental Building and
Loan Association Off.rs to Thrift
and Industry.
The above design of an Inexpensive and
elegant borne was kindly furnished The
Call by the Continental Building and
Loan Association, 222 Sansome street.
William Corbin, the manager, saia to a
reporter yesterday: "We have within the
past year assisted over 100 families to such
homes." He reports a majority of small
residence improvements in the Mission
along the new Mission electric road ex
tension. Rapid transit is working won
ders in that section. He shows for 1896
One of the Homes Which the Continental Building; and Loan
Association Helped to Build.
the best year's record of him company.
"In addition to assisting over 100 families
to homes, loans to the number of ninety
were made to people who desire to im
prove existing homes.
"To those who desire to lay by sys
tematically a given amount monthly the
company offers an installment stock,
which requires a monthly deposit of 50
cents per share. There are also special
features," continued Mr. Corbin, "which
make it distinctly 'the Association.' One
of these is its paid up certificates of
deposit, which earn interest at the rate of
7 per cent per annum, payable in cash
semi-annually. These certificates are
signed jointly by tbe association and the
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, making it one of the safest and
most profitable investments in the State.
Two important points are to be remem
bered," concluded Mr. Corbin: "First,
these certificates are free from tax;
secondly, the large monthly income of tbe
company makes it an investment conver
tible into cash at a moment's notice."
Forests cover about 10 per cent of the
earth's landed area, and about 25 per cent
ot Europe. The highest yield is in the
United Kingdom— namely, 60 cubic feet
NEW TO-DAY.
jj COCOANUT jj
;S CAKE. m I
o THE BEST FOOD FOR <J
C FATTENING CATTLE. 3
p And FOR MILK COWS.
(^ FOR SALE BY THE
r EL DORADO
£ LINSEED OIL WORKS COMPANY, 3
(o BERKELEY. ol
7° OFFICE: 208 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
of timber per acre, whereas in Brazil,
for example, it is about one cubic foot.
FULLY APPRECIATED.
During the past eighteen years our
people have witnessed many individ
uals and institutions that for a
short period of time would obtain a
high place in public estimation, but few
indeed, like Mrs. Dr. Wegener's maternity
home, have held continuously throughout
so many years a constantly increasing
public approval. This may be attributed
to her constant personal supervision to
each and every detail of her large and per
fectly appointed establishment. The doc
tor recently found it necessary to move to
more commodious quarters, and her
present sunny location at 526 Eddy street
was selected after it had been remodeled
so that every possible convenience and
medical appliance for the relief of woman
kind might be utilized in the shortest
time.
Mrs. Dr. Weirener does not rely upon her
professional skill and years of training and
experience alone, but lias constantly in
attendance an efficient corps of trained
nurs-es and a skilled family physician.
Special attention is given to travelers.
The private apartments of the new home
for ladies are not to be surpassed in this
City.
• — «. — ,
NOT CAUSED BY AN OPAL.
Story of Vad Luck, the Cause of Which
Is Still a Matter of Doubt.
Here is a story showing how to account
I for bad luck:
A man was shaking dice in a store. He
j lost.
"No wonder," said a bystander. "You're
wearing an opal. You never will have
luck."
This set the man to thinking. Four days
later he slipped in getting off a streetcar
and sprained his ankle.
This decided him. He gave the pin to a
friend who was on the Board of Trade,
and who was too hard-headed to entertain
any fool notions about the number 13, or
black cats, or cross-eyed girls with red
hair.
Nevertheless, when this Board of Trade
man lost over $100,000 on wheat he began
to worry. He didn't care much for the
pin anyway, and so one day when a young
man in his office admired the -'tire" in the
stone he said, "Take it along if you
like it."
The young man overwhelmed him with
thanks. Then he waited with guilty
knowledge to see what would happen to
tbe young man. He did not have to wait
long. The very next week the employe
was taken ill, and he missed four days at
tbe office.
The Board of Trade man was troubled
in conscience, so he told his young friend
about the opal pin and the superstition
attaching to it, and tne employe, after de
liberation, decided that he would give the
pin to his girl.
The opal aid very rapid and effective
work after it became the property of the
young womnn. On the second day after
she began to wear it she ignited a curtain
in attempting to light the gas. The cur
tain was destroyed and the young woman
burned both of ncr hands in attempting to
extinguish tne blaze.
The young man who had given the stone
to her felt called upon to apologize.
"Perhaps it was that opal I gave you,"
said he. "You know, an opal in supposed
to cirry bad luck with it. I didn't tell you,
because I'm not superstitious."
"I'll not wear fhe dreadful thing a day
longer," said she.
So she didn't She gave it to her
brother, who scoffed at the suggestion
that a little stone could wield any influ
ence, good or bad. Nevertheless, when
he started for Cincinnati and the train
ran off the track and he was tossed half
the length of the car, he became con
verted.
"I'll not give it to anybody else to be a
Jonah," said he. 'Til sell it to a jew
eler."
So he went to the jeweler and said :
"What'll yon give me for this opal?"
The jeweler looked at it and said : "That
isn't an opal. That's a catseye."— Chicago
Record.
In Malta bees are plentiful and bee
stings are in such repute as a cure for
rheumatism that resort to this primitive
method of inoculation has been a com*
mon practice in severe cases for genera,"
tions, the result, it is said, having been
most satisfactory to the patients.
Teapots were the invention of either the
Indians or the Chinese, and are of uncer
tain antiquity. Tney came to Europe
with tea in 16iO.
3536
THE OUTLOOK
FOR REALTY
Opinions of Various Brokers
on the Future of the
Market.
Many Improvements of City
Property Expected During
the Coming Year.
An Optimistic View Taken by
the Majsrity of the
Brokers.
With a view to offering some useful sug
gestions on the real estate outlook for the
new year, The Call presents herewith
a series of communications from the
brokers whose experience and judgment
qualify them to discuss the topic intelli
gently. The opinions will be found un
usually interesting, dealing as they do
with living issues, while their conclusions
wilt have all the weight that comes from
intimate knowledge of the subject under
consideration.
REALTY AS SECUBTTT.
The most notable fact in connection with
the real estate situation at this time is
the manifest restoration of confidence.
It appears to be universal; andit promises
to make an active market during tne com
ing year. Values, both of City lots and
country lands, have been tending down
ward these past three years; bottom has
been reached, and the symptoms of bet
terment are now plainly to be seen.
The real estate market does not, like
the Bond Exchange, respond immediately
to new conditions. The element of time
enters into every transaction, great or
small ; but already there is s visible in
crease both in the number and weight of
the transactions in hand.
In my judgment there has not, within
recent years, been a time so favorable for
reai estate investment as just now. The
prices at which property may be obtained
are in many instances from 25 to 40 per
cent less than the prices ruling prior to
1893, while the outlook for future values is
better than at any lime in the past. All
the outside conditions upon which the
profitableness of City property is depend
ent are now for the first time in several
years wholly favorable. The mining in
dustry is pouring more than a million and
a half dollars each month into the busi
ness life of San Francisco. The better
prices for agricultural products mean an
increase of business of at least 20 per cent.
The revival in these lines of industry is
alreauy stimulating local manufacture,
and every establishment which turns out
mining or farming machinery is now
working on full time. The new Valley
Railroad is just beginning the business of
actual transportation, and its immediate
projects will distribute several millions of
dollars in channels which lead direct to
San Francisco. All these facts are bound
to be reflected in the better conditions af
fecting City real estate.
The value and the demand for property
is based upon its earnine power, and with
increasing activity in business there is
bound to be an increasing demand and
better prices for real estate.
A marked feature of the present' time is
the inquiry for homestead lots of moderate
price. Apparently many persons of small
means have been hoard.ng their savings
n uring the period of uncertainty and are
now seeking small investments. It is a
wholesome movement bound, in the very
nature of things, to extend the area of the
districts of small homes.
In the line of large investments there
are many inquiries on the part of conserv
ative people, so many that I leel safe in
predicting a heavy business in 1897.
S. C. BUCKBSE.
A PROSPEROUS FUTURE.
The clearing of the political atmosphere
has had great beneficial effect on both the
City and State realty market. Many of
those who were doubtful as to the future
financial policy of the Government are
now fully satisfied that the incoming ad
ministration will safeguard the interests
of its citizens and will make no attempt
at experiments which would either com
pel us to apologize for their failure or
keep us guessing as to the final outcome
of the policy of which even the instigators,
many of whom are entirely without prac
tical experience in financial matters ex
cept such information as they were able to
gam from reading of books and pamphlets
which were issued during the past year Dy
men with a ready pen and some thought,
are doubtful.
Many of these were issned as catch
penny affairs by men who have never been
able to amass even a small competence,
except possibly by deluding willing theo
retical students to purchase these wild
efforts. Believing that the author's theory
was a practical one, these would-be
theorists were ready to plunge into a
whirlpool that every practical and suc
cessful financier insisted meant utter ruin
to our interests.
Now that we have passed through this
peculiar so-called campaign ot education
our people are again satisfied to resume
their usual tenor and the termination has
brought to us a renewed feeling of con
fidence. With this renewed feeling loans
are being freely made by the banks — the
realty mavket, both in the City and State,
is showing much activity, income and
business property is in great demand, and
money is being drawn :rom the safe de
posit vaults and the holders are looking
for legitimate investments in all avenues
of trade.
The general outlook if bright and full
of promise, and I predict that for some
years San Francisco and the entire State
will enjoy a period of great prosperity.
A. J. .Rich & Co.
BRIGHT PROMISES FOB 1897.
The teal estate market in the past year
has been in an uncertain, condition,
owing principally to the unsettled finan
cial conditions which have existed, and
partially due to general depression and
dull times.
It is evident that the dullness of the mer
cantile business affects . real estate ma
terially and especially rents, which gov
ern to a great degree the value of prop
erty. The banks declining to loan money
en real estate- prior to the past election
naturally affected the sale of property and
assisted is creating a sluggish market be
sides, intending purchasers were • slow to
invest, being uncertain of the outcome of
the election. This being removed at the
present time has improved the conditions
of the real estate market, and the demand
for, especially first-class business prop
erty, has materially increased— in fact so
much so that the demand is greater ■ than
the supply. There is also a good demand
for small improved property on good re
tail streets.
Money has become plentiful, the confi
dence has been restored, and I - believe
the year 1897 will be a very prosperous
one; that values will materially enhance,
and a much larger business can be ex
pected than the past year. Interest on
money is low, taxes are less than they
were a year ago, and one .important
feature which has presented elf is that
mthia tiie past month, a great many busi
nes?es are changing locations, and in every
instance are leasing larger quarters, show
ing that they anticipate improved busi
ness.
Of course it cannot be expected after
four or five years ot dullness that within
the next few months business will revive
to a gieat degree. It takes years to depre
ciate propeny in a town as large as this,
and it will lake a few years Lefore full re
action takes ptace.
San Francisco is being divided into dis
tricts, and certain retail trade being con
fined to oue portion and certain wholesale
trade to another, and su on. it is evident,
and in my opinion, that the present time
is the best time to invest in real estate;
that reai estate will never be so low again
in San Francisco, ami intending purchas
ers can expect a big improvement and in
crease in the valua of real estate for the
year 1897. Henby P. Sokktag.
A BRIGHT FUTURE.
The result of me late election has cer
tainly led to a return of confidence among
bankers and the majority of investors in
real estate, and the market has been
thereby much strengthened. The open
ing of the Valley Railroad for business
and other noticeable improvements in
Stockton and throughout the State have
all united in the same direction.
Of course, the recovery of prices upon a
sound basis is bound to be gradual, and it
will be some time before there is an active
demand lor outlying residence property,
but for downtown business property and
for property upon business thoroughfares
uptown, inquiry is increasing daily and
presages good business for the earning
year.
In my opinion City real estate, except
ing perhaps the extreme outlying dis
tricts, will find ready sale in 1897 at ad
vanced prices. There are several reasons
upon which tl base this conclusion. The
principal local reason is the aroused puhlic
spirit of all classes ot citizens as evinced
by the concerted action of the several im
provement clubs, electric lighting of many
streets by private enterprise, etc. In rela
tion to the latter I would suggest that
shades or reflectors be added to the eiec
tric lights. By this means the lights
might be rendered much more effective
for the purpose for which they are de
sired, viz., to light up the streets and
stores.
Another reason is the fact that a very
considerable reduction has been made in
the rate of taxation, and it is a well
known fact that nothing will deter in
vestors from buying realty more' than an
unduly high rate of taxation. While we
are well aware that there is a great neces
sity for many improvements in this City,
and that such improvements would
eventually greatly benefit property
owners, they must be made gradually.by
the honest expenditure of the muney
raised by a fair tax rate, or should it be
desirea to make tuem at once, then bonds
covering the expense of the work should
be issued.
In the matter of permanent improve
ments, such for instance as the laying
down of a proper and scientific system of
sewerage, it seems to me to be unjust to
lorce the present generation of tax- payers
to raise all the money for work which will
benefit many .succeeding generations. Of
course there is a limit to the issuance of
bonds, as there is to a tax levy, if real es
tate owners' interests are to be properly
protected, and I am only in favor of such
issuance for imperatively necessary im
provements, such as the sewerage system.
We can look forward to an honest and
clean municipal government by which
these interests will be properly conserved,
and therefore believe that this, coupled
with the return of confidence in financial
circles, will insure for 1897 an acuve real
estate market at advanced values.
Henby P. Umbses.
CALIFOBNIA'B BUPERIOB ADVANTAGES.
So much has been said from time to time
in regard to the future of real estate in San
Francisco and in the State of California
generally that it seems like a useless repe
tition to be repeating what every one has
thought upon the subject and unquestion
ably knows welL
The advantages of California in climate
and natural resources are superior in vari
ety and aggregation to those of any other
State in the ijnion. They are only wait
ing development This development re
quires population, Still, the character of
the population is very important. We
wantonly a population that is able to take
care of itself while it is developing the re
sources of tne State. We want an active,
aggressive independent people. There is
abundant room for any number of this
kind.
The wealth of the community is the ag
gregated wealth of individuals. If the
individuals are self-reliant, strong and
independent the community will be the
same; if the individuals are shiftless and
become involved in debt or otherwise the
community will be similar.
If, therefore, every individual in the
State of California will do that in which
he is engaged in a way to make himself
entirely independent of others, and earn
ing nrst his own living and then produc
ing some surplus wealth, the prosperity
of the State or any part of it will be as
sured. This is what every resident of the
State should aim at, and those whose
business it is to bring new settlers to the
State should have this end in view.
Our farming lands are now so cheap and
the choice so great that any man in the
city with the average brain and physical
ability, if he is not making a living in the
city, can certainly do so with proper en
ergy in the country.
Therefore, every citizen of our State
who is earning his living where he is and
adding something to the increasing wealth
of the State, is doing his duty; and he
who is not doing this should consider his
circumstances and see if he cannot, so
change them or go elsewhere so as to earn
his living, and if possible also add to the
wealtn of the State. If this spirit would
imbue all of our people, it would not be
long before California and every part of it,
city and country alise, will forge ahead in
a prosperous career. L. C. McAfee.
THE STUDY OP BEAXTY.
An impression prevails that when a per
son has failed to demonstrate bis capacity
to earn a living in any other calling he
is still good enough to be a real estate
agent, hire an office, buy a desk and a few
chairs, have a sign painted and you are in
business. Or, if you are too impecunious
to produce a month's rent, or lack the
ready cash to pay trie first installment on
your furniture, you are not entirely barred,
for why may you not carry your memor
anda in your hat, have a movable office
on the curbstone, and do your correspond
ence by borrowing paper and envelopes
at the barroom, the free-lunch counter of
which you favor with your patrona > c ?
When meeting such nomadic specimens
of humanity, who call themselves real
estate brokers, I have occasionally wished
that some one might rise to say a word for
the importance and dignity of a calling
which deals in transactions of great'-r
magnitude than almost any other, and
the correct conduct of which requires not
only a general education and strict integ
rity, but a special training which experi
ence alone can give. It is a well-known
)acl that the percentage of real-estate
owners to the population is greater in San
Francisco than anywhere in the United
States; hence light en that subject is
needed nowhere more than here.
Some one suggested recently that in our
high schools and universities an occa
sional lecture on realty would not be
amiss. Some of the following questions
mi'-r tit be discussed:
Why is a real estate investment advan
tageous for a man of modest means?
Is it prudent to buy when a mortgage
has to be given for part of the purchase
price?
Why must all contracts bearing on real
estate be made in writing?
What are the obligations and rights ot
a tenant toward a landlord, and the land
lord toward his tenant?
Why have the choice localities for resi
dence and business property changed four
or five times since the settlement of this
peninsula? And are these several locali
ties now permanently settled, and if so
where are tliey?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
How can our present tax system be im
proved ?
What influence would the adoption of
the rtingle-tax theory have on real prop
erty ?
Is it in the interest of real estate to have
a new charter?
What has caused the periodical seasons
of dullness, followed by periods of pros
perity, which have characterized the real
estate market of this City during the last
forty years, and what (and this would be
a. seasonable topic for a lecture- at this
moment) has caused our present depres
sion, and when is it likely to end?
O. "F. Yon Eheiw.
COTJNTBY LAND PROSPECTS.
The outlook lor improvement in coun
try realty we consider most promising.
Our country has decided that we are to
have protection to American industries,
ond California will be greatly benefited by
a revised tariff law that will protect our
wool, wine, raisin, sugar and dried fruit
industries. Already there is a marked
improvement manifest in the numerous
inquiries, since the election, for country
properties. It is well known that our
State is producing more gold than ever be
fore, and our mining interests are attract
ing world-wide attention. The Wine
growers' Association has advanced the
price of wines, and the growers of wine
grapes have a bright future before them.
Raisins and dried fruits have advanced in
price, and the crop of this present year
has been marketed at a satisfactory profit.
The advance in srain and the prospect of
its continuance have helped the farmer to
look for a brighter future. The large
amount of money that will be expended
in completing the S. F. and S. J. V. R. R.
to Bakersfieid and connect in p: Stockton
to San Francisco; the completion of the
Corral Hollow Railroad to tidewater,
bringing cheap cual to our market, and
the connection by the S. P. R. R. of the
coast line connecting Santa .Barbara to
this City by rail, will put money in circu
lation that will stimulate all our indus
tries. Our country lands offer great in
ducements to our overcrowded cities. A
I small farm, judiciously selected and de
voted to general farming, intelli.ently
cultivated, cannot help but prove remuner
ative, and certainly offers greater induce
ments than the viciss tudes of business in
our overcrowded cities. We bespeak a
bright future in country realty.
David Bush.
inquiries increasing.
While the greater part of the last two
years has been distressingly quiet and the
market duTl we certainly predict a pros
perous year for real estate. It is safe to
say that prices of property are lower now
than they ever will be within the next ten
years. Not only the number but also the
character of business and residence im
provements lately erected are awakening
an interest in real estate heretofore un
known. The number of inquiries for prop
erty within the last two months is in
creasing wonderfully. Eastern capitalists
are Beginning to interest themselves in our
City, which is evidenced by the recent
purchase of some of the large downtown
properties, Owing to the present rate of
taxation banks will be obliged to reduce
the present rate of interest paid to depos
itors; in consequence of which persons
having money on deposit wiil withdraw it
and invest it in real estate, from winch
they will receive better returns. The
"smns of the times" surely auuur well for
1597. A. M. Speck & Co.
AN ENCOURAGING MARKET.
The outlook of the real estate market is
somewhat of a task to predicate, but from
the indications of the past year it appears
to be encouraging. There has been more
unity of action the past year than for
merly — more enterprise, too — people have
not waited for something to uappen, but
have set about doing whatever they could
find to do with the best advantage.
In my opinion opportunities long ex
pected in the real estate market are coming
soon — when they come they will come in
manifold shape. Immigration will have
set in as a re-u.t of enterprise on the part
of the people and liberal inducements
offered by the railroads.
The stranger will be among us and new
life, new blood, more people, more money,
more industries will be tn.' result.
As we increase in numbers we will in
crease in strength and financial import
< ance. The time is nearer than moat of us
j imagine. There are grand opportunities
in this City and Stale compared with other
State-t and towns, ana I predict a much
larger volume of business in real estate
transactions the coming year than the
last has shown. Jacob Heyman.
OF PRE-EMINENT SKILL
The Honorable and Successful
Career of Dr. F. L.
Sweany.
It Has Stamped Him as One of the
Few Great Men of His
Profession.
To become a successful physician, one
who is recognized as a man pre-eminent
in his profession, is one of the mo>t ex
alted stations in life to which any one can
aspire. It is a position that cannot be at
tained except through great personal sac
rifice and by a thoroughly unselfish devo
tion to the well-nigh interminable labors
that are necessary before the healing art
is so thoroughly mastered that the treat
ment of disease is an accurate science
rather than a doubtful experiment.
Among the doctors of renown residing
in San Francisco there is one who is recog
nized as one of the comparatively few
great men of the medical world. For
many years past Dr. F. L. Sweany, the
distinguished specialist, has been en
gaged in the practice of his profession in
this City, and his career has been one of
honor and success that is without a paral
lel in the medical history of the coast. He
is regarded by all as a great physician and
a skilled Burgeon, whose mission on earth,
as daily demonstrated in his practice, is to
intelligently treat the sick, to relieve pain
and suffering and to cure disease. He
benerhs humanity in a manner that wins
for him the undying gratitude of his pa
tiems and the congratulations and plaudits
of the world.
In the treatment of diseases of the ner
vous system such as nervous debility and
its tr.iin of attending evils he has been
particularly successful, and there are scat
tered all over the land thousands of
young, midd.e-aged and old men whose
hearts, thrill with joy and pleasure at the
mention of the fatuous doctor's name, for
they recall in him a friend who was a
friend in need. He restored to them by
his skillful treatment manly strength and
vigor and with them the necessary
strength and energy to successfully en
counter the battles of life. This great
doctor is a man who is deserving and re
ceives the greatest honor from his fellow
citizens. He is likewise one of those rare
men whose life's work in the cause ol hu
manity will leave its everlasting impress
upon the world's history.
Dr. Hull's Reiuvigorator.
The resources of science have been tried in
vain to furnish a remedy for those wasting
drains that sap manhood's strength until
the Hall Medical Institute furnished
a >) remedy ? sure 'i and '■', powerful ; that will
stop all losses in twenty-four hours. The
evils ' which \ follow 't in c the wake of secret
vice and excesses have been banished by
its use. It is sent sealed by the institute
at ;$2 j per f bottle, or three bottles for ■ $5,
which is guaranteed to cure any case. The
address is: : Dr. Hall's Medical Institute,
865 Broadway, Oakland, Cai. Send for a
free book, v.^ - :.' ," i- - "" •
NATURE GIVES
POWER TO HEAL
Medicine and Instruments
Discarded by a 19 -h
Century Doctor.
"To Do Good Is My Religion,
to Cure the Sick My
Mission/
Men and Women Prominent in City
and State Tell of Health
Restored.
Ring out the old, rlDg In the new;
Kins out ibe raise, ring In the irue.
Has a wider application perhaps than the
poet knew when he penned the famous
lines. In the healing art book knowledge
derived from the schools and so-called
scientific institutions has signally failed
to conquer the diseases which prey upon
mankind and make desolate countless
homes. The old regime of nauseous
medicines, the surgeon's knife and the
whole paraphernalia of instruments of
torture, have been weighed in the balance
and found wanting.
At the ciose of the century a more ra
tional method of treatment, evolved from
Nature's Arcana, like a ray of light pierces
the gloom and meets with instant and
widespread success.
This revolution, fraught with so much of
hope and blessing to poor humanity, has
been accomplished by the work of one
woman, who has resided with us for the
last seventeen years, but so modest, so un
assuming have been her ministrations
among an army of the afflicted to whom
she has brought health and happiness,
that our community little knew that in
Dr. Nellie Beighle, or "The Little Doctor,"
as her patients endearingly term her, San
Francisco possessed the mot>t successful
healer of our day.
The story of her discovery of the heal
ing power developed, in her right arm to
touch the sick and*bid them be whole is
familiar to our readers. Within that po
tent right arm "the giver of every good
and perfect gift" has made the seat of an
occult force which science has often es
sayed to describe, but as often failed "to
pluck out the heart of its mystery/
A Call reporter paid a visit to her
beautiful offices on the sixth floor of the
Spreckels building yesterday. A throng
of patients awaited their turn in the re
ception-room. The doctor obeys the in
junction, "Physician, heal thyself," tax
the glow of health sparkles in her eye and
its ruses mantle in her cheeks. There is
something masterful, yet tender, in her
manner as she accosts her patients and
their first step on health's highway is
taken in confidence and love.
The doctor is a charming conversation
alist and in answer to a question said she
treated forty patients a day. Being urged
NEW TO-DAY.
Hry»rreoTrrreTroTrYVo"o"ra' b oTrreiryo'rareYoTroTrffVo'TrroTr ". ; .^ -- - ... ' -. B'e'gmnrTn
)° °(
|g "■■■•■• I - 1 ■ '•■■■ '■ • ' '•■ ■-• " - o
i 111 *^4^^f^ Aft i
% . — CALL :
o
IS PRINTED OPOJi |
PJIPER JVUIDE BY \
1— —I
I— WILLAMETTE —1
* - o
o o
° a
»
!p PULP and PAPER ZJ
o
o m
o
° ©
o
P COMPANY. H
JUfIJUJI^gJLgJ^JULgJLg^ g g o g o j 9 p 0 Q [ 0 0 000000 J 0 0^p 0 0 qj>ju>j>_o flj> 0 0 0 Q rt
to describe her method of treatment she
modestly said she was afraid she couldn't,
for no two persons were treated alike.
"The power which God has given me,"
she said, reverently, "enables me to treat
the patient through natural laws. In
nervous diseases I am especially inter
ested, and the numberless expressions of
gratitude from sufferers of this cruel form
of disease restored to health by my instru
mentality are among my most precious
possessions.
"I treat all diseases of the stomach ex
cept cancer," she continued, "together
with kidney, liver and rheumatic affec
tions—in fact, all diseases."
She stated to the reporter that her
charges were $5 for a single treatment, or
$15 for a course. It is a remarkable fact
that the doctor diagnoses a case without
asking a question, and it is conceded that
in this regaid she stands without a peer.
The reporter wanted to see some of
the testimonials from prominent peo
ple about which so much has been
said. "That I cannot permit," she
said, and a look of firmness came
into the kindly eyes and a tone of
severity to the gentle voice. "The letters
of patients are inviolate, and can only be
shown with the consent of the writers.
However, h«re are the names of a few
prominent professional and business peo
ple whom you may interview, if they de
sire. But In any case, their names must
not be published."
"You may say for me," said one of the
best-known real-estate men in the City,
"that Dr. Beighle saved ray life. I received
a fall In 1849, which compelled me to give
np my business. I tried the best physi
cians East and in Europe, without benefit.
I went to her and got cured. You can't
say too much in her praise." "I have
been a sufferer from nervous trouble for
yenrs," remarked the wile of the foregoing,
•'and Dr. Beighle has restored me to fir.^t
class health. For nervous troubles, Dr.
Dr. Beighle has no equal."
Both of the above volunteered enough
information of cures effected by "the little
doctor" to fill columns.
A well-known ex-Senator testified to
stomach and liver com nlaii>ts which made
life a burden. He tried, without success,
the most eminent physicians and the best
springs. "Dr. Beighle restored me to per
fect nealtb," he concluded enthusiasti
cally.
A public man who once held the second
highest office in the State had an affection
of the eyes and was fast becoming blind.
His experience with the most noted spe
cialists in diseases of the eye here and
elsewhere brought him no relief. ''At
last I applied to Dr. Beighle, with the re
suK that she completely restored my
sight"
These are a few people taken at random
out of scores that live to testify to healtn
and happiness restored. And surely these
grateful voicas must fall like a benediction
on the uncrowned queen of the divine mis
sion of healing.
Asthma cure guaranteed, Dr. Uord'son Chocolate
Emulsion. 221 iiavis, S.l'.CaL $la bou tf-so,s<tru 6c
• — ♦ — •
"Mamie got. a diamond ring for her
Christmas."
'•How aid she get it?"
"Hung up her stocking."
"Jack, of course; but how did Jack
get it?"
"Hung up his watch." — Illustrated
Monthly.
Tumblers of nearly the same shape and
dimensions as those employed to-day
have been found in great numbers in
Pompeii They were of gold, silver, glass,
a:rate, marble and other semi-precious
stones.
« »—•» — •
The science of biology dates from Tre
viranus' work on the subject in 1802. He
dealt, according to the knowledge of his
time, wub the science of life.
LABORERS HAD
THE PREFERENCE
Petition to Declare O'Connell
& Lewis Insolvents
Rejected.
Judge Slack Said That the Peti
tion Should Never Have
Been Filed.
One of the Most Groundless Cases,
He Remarked, That Had Ever
Been Brought B fore Him.
It appears that the statements made by
the attorneys for the labor creditors of
O'Connell «fc Lewis, to the effect that that
firm owed more than $6000 to fourteen
men employed on the construction of the
City Hall dome was destitute of truth.
Oscar Lewis of the firm of O'Connell
«fe Lewis said yesterday that all the men
who worked on the dome of the City Hall
had been paid in full, with the exception
of only one or two to whom wages for a
very few days' work remain unpaid. Mr.
Lewis does not deny the indebtedness to
the men, but claims that it accrued while
the men were working on other contracts.
On October 12, five months after the
dome had been finished and accepted by
the City, O'Connell & Lewis made an
agreement with all their creditors except
two, turning over the assets of the firm to
three trustees, one of whom, James V.
Powers, was selected by the laborers as
their representative. The firm was to be
allowed to continue in business for at
least twelve months, and if at the expira
tion of that period it should be found that
the business was not profitable, it should
be wound up. The commercial creditors,
the heaviest oeing for only $800, agreed
that the laborers should be paid first out
of tne assets.
Notwithstanding this agreement some
of the creditors, including laborers, pre
sented a petition in the Superior Court
prayine that O'Connell <fe Lewis be thrown
into involuntary insolvency. Thereupon
O'Connell & Lr-wis in self-defense were
obliged to lite a petition in voluntary in
solvency.
Judge Slack yesterday morning threw
the petition in involuntary insolvency out
of court. In doing so he said that the pe
tition should never nave been tiled, and
that it was the most groundless case that
he had ever had to consider in a matter of
insolvency.
The court granted the petition of O'Con
neii & Lewis in voluntary insolvency.
The peach was originally a poisonous
almond. Its fruity parts were used to
poison arrows, and for that purpose was
introduced into Persia. Transplantation
and cultivation have not only removed its
poisonous qualities, but turned it into the
delicious fruit we now enjoy.
WHITE HOUSE ETIQUETTE.
The Unwritten Laws Which Govern tb«
:I ; ■' President's Social Position. JjL
When the President and his wifedri^*
out the President 1 sits on the right liana;
seat and his wife on the left.
If there are others in the carriage,
whether ladies or gentlemen, they must
sit with their backs to the horses. When
Mrs. Cleveland was first married she tried
the experiment of placing her mother
opposite tne President amd her-elf in the
Presidential landau, but the people
laughed at it so immoderately and pro
fessed to think Mrs. Folsom (as she was
then) to be the maid, that it was speedily
dropped. When the President's wife
drives alone she sits in the right hand
comer — the place of honor.
The lady of the White House cannot set
foot within those splendid houses in
Washington whose flagstaffs mark the for
eign embassy or legation. She could not
go without the President, and as an em
bassy or legation is technically a part of
the country it represents the President
could not go, co that she never sees the
inside of a diplomatic house as long as she
presides at the executive mansion. The
President dines only at Cabinet houses,
and his wif* cannot dine anywhere with
out him. President Arthur dined with
Judges of the Supreme Court and
with Senators, but as he had no wife
the whole system was very much sim
plified for him. The President's wile may
if she chooses go to luncheons where there
are no gentlemen, or to teas, both being
regarded as stricly informal; but the dan
ger of giving offense by accepting one in
vitation and declining another U so great
that it is seldom or never risked.—lllus
trated American.
A FRONTIER LANDMARK.
The liittle Log How* One* <>e«apled
by Jefferaoa U*tJ« 
At the old abandoned mtt.'*ry post ok
Fort Gibson, Ind. T., there «ui4i a .it* A
log House." It is - now rapid!/ going Hw
decay and is uninhabitable, but once,
long ago, it housed a man celebrated in
the world's history, and to-day is pointed
out as one of the sights of the country,
says a writer in the Illustrated American.
The house is none other than the quarters
of First Lieutenant Jefferson Davis, First
Dragoons, United States army.
In the fall of 1834 Lieutenant Davis re
ported with his troOD of dragoons for
duty at Fort Gibson, then in what was
called lowa Territory. Quarters were
assignetl him in a little log house situated
on the bank of the Neosho or Grand River,
which flows by the old post.
Iv this modest habitation the young
lieutenant lived, and, it is said, there en
tertained Washington Irving and Eleazur
Williams when Irving was making his
trip through the West. The house is built
of black walnut los, the chinks between
the ioga beine filled with mortar. There
are two rooms, each containing a laige
fireplace capable of burning cordwood of
lull length.
Such was the abode in which the young
lieutenant spent his last days while in
active service, for in 1835 he left Fort Gib
son on leave of absence and resigned Irom
the service at its expiration.
Although over s:xtv years have passed
since the young lieutenant occupied the
cabin, it has, on account of the almost in
des.ructible material of which it is made,
managed to withstand very well the rav
ages of time and to-day is pointed out to
strangers who visit that part of the terri
tory as "Jeff Davis' house."PLAYED FOR A
MILD "KILLING"
Lucania, Backed From ioo
to 20 to i, Broke Down
Badly.
Flashlight Was Eeaten Out a
Head by Argentina, the
Favorite.
Walter -J, at 23 to I, Afforded His
Backers Christmas Coin—Char
treuse II Won As She P.eased.
A great big fro3ted Christmas cake was
ail prepared for a carving at the Oakland
track yesterday, but the unforeseen, which
is always happening m horse-racing,
popped up and gloom was spread where
sunshine was expected to have shone.
The fast mare Lucania, running in the
colors oi Bookmaker Georpe Rose, one of
five starters in the fourth race, was to
hav<! been the medium of a bit; coup and
while running very flatteringly to the se
lect few who got aboard broKe down just
a^the bend for the wire was reached. She
wts played down from odds of 100 to 1 to
mind 30. Patsy Freeman set astride the
daughter of Sir Mod red and after the race
the auburn-haired jockey looked as though
he had staked his last dollar on the high
card and lost. He said she was simply
galloping when the accident occurred and
was poa.tive the enticing looking tickers
would have been cashed. The race after
this proved a eift for the even-money
choice, Chartreuse 11, which won in romp
ing fashion from Lady Diamond.
The weather was perfect for racing pur
poses, and the crowd waß quite liberal in
dispersing its surplus cash. Three favor
ites, a second choice and a 20 to 1 shot
famished bettors with Santa Cluus
money.
Riot and Henry Grattan were very hot
tips handed around to capture the first
race on the card, a six-furlong selling
dash, but both had to cive way to the 7 to
5 choice, Cadenza, which mare, with
Jones up, won very handily from Isabella,
a2O to 1 shot ridden by Frawley. Grat
lan ridden by his owner, Marty Bergen,
finished in the show.
Fifteen sprinters started in the next
event, a five and a half furlong scramble,
and liberal odds were quoted asains: all.
At the close Banjo und Gold Bug were
most in demand; 6\i being laid against
either. "Pebble" TuoniDson on Gold Bug
showed in front soon after the barrier was
raised.and the stocky little chestnut easily
disposed of his company, finishing tbree
lengths in advance of Irma, an 8 to 1 out
sider. Marty Bergen again took third
money with his horse, O'Fieeta.
Charley Thorpe was very much in evi
dence again with the ieg up on the Bald
win entry, Argentina, which mare with
Little Cripple ruled equal favorite in the
betting on the third event, over a mile.
Argentina acted badiy at the post, and
when the field finally was dispatched she
had much the worst of the stars.
Slaughter on F.ashiight, a 7to 1 chance,
sto'e a march on the field at the turn, and
for a while it looked as though he was
going to elope with the big end of the
purse. Striking tae* head of the stretch
in fifth position, Thorpe sat down on Ar
gentina and beran to ride. She rapidiy
closed on the leader, and in an exciting
i^rive crossed ihe plate a short head before
■'•.he outsider, reeling off the mile in 1:41, a
track record. Little Cripple was a lair
third.
Of. the fifteen sprinters originally
entered in the final five and a half turlong
sprin-t seven declined the issue. Mont
gomery, with ninety-nine pounds up, and
Jones to do the piloting, had his odds
backed down from 8 to 5 to evens and
after looming up prominently for a way,
quit like a "dog." Quicksilver, with Shaw
up, second choice in the ring, looked a
winner up to the last few strides, when l.c
was nipped out by the 20 to 1 chance,
Walter J, ridden by" Slaughter. Sea Spray
was a good third.
Notes.
The George Goulet Champagne handi
cap at six furlongs and the Palo Alto
handicap, also over six furlongs, are down
for decision to-day.
There was one flag recall yesterday. In
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Thursday, December 24, 1896. Twen
ty-fifth day of the winter meeting. Weather fine. Track good.
tono i-IKBT RACK— Th«e-quarter3 of a mile; seliin?; purae $300.
Index. j Horse, ace, weight. St. 14 ■ % z/ X str. Fin. Jockey. Op. til.
266 Cadenza, 3 107 3 4 2 3 1 la 1 3 Jones. 6^5 ITs
255 Isabella, 3 107 1 ........ in lh 42 21 Krawley 10 2ft
.- Henry Grattan, 3.lo7 8 61 52 3% 31 Bergen 6 : 6
K . Riot, «... 107 4 2h .2h 6 4% Isom ...... 5-3 11-5
260 Rejected, 3.. ......107 6 .1...... 82 6 7 5 « Freeman. . . 8 10
235 PertChlld,3 107 11 11 9 • 9 «3 Fitzgerald ...1.. 50 TO
138 l'UCbess.3 107 2 31* 4 1 2% 71 Th0rpe......... 6 15
•217 Franco. 3 107 .9 910 8 8 810 McDonald 15 30
62 Bl«t.hief,3 107 5 7h 7 5% 94 Shaw '.'.'..'.'. 15 25
275 ! Lady, ray, 3 107 7 ........ 6h 10 10 10 Woods 6J 20U
154 |T.-rrabe;i. 3....109Va 10 ....... |10 11 11 v J. Griffin 40 200
Perfect start. Won handily. Winner, Pueblo stable's b. I, by Flambeao-Irisb. Lass. Time
1:16%.
nni) bi.CO.NL 1 KAC.L— Jiltven-sixteenths of a mile; selling; purse »3iO.
Index. I Horse, age, weight St. *A % *A Btr.
tifj* Gold Bag, a 101 4 .-. lh ........ 1 1
26(5 Irma, 4 .......101 7 6 h •ty*
O'J-'leeta, 4 103 9 4U 4 U
255 Banjo, 5 101 1 2 1 3h
276 Perhaps, 3 96 6 X h 5 3
263 Boreas 4 104 8 81 61 3
1*76 America, 4.. .....104 10 .....:.. 9h 8
227 Kntled«e, 8....... 96 12 10% 7
•92 Jack. Martin. 3... 93 5 11 10
Starling, 5 101 2 ........ 7h 9
266 El llrano, 4......101 13 12 12
UnaQue Amo, 3. .96 11 «1 ........ 11
.•Regan. 4 .....103 14 ........ 13 ........ 13
Carasade, 4 107 IB 15 ........ 14
Crawford, a.. .....107 3 14 ........ 15
13
. 2 ; 1
8 1
4 h
6h
64
7
8
9 ■
10
11.
12
13
14
15
Fin.
Thompson.'.'... *4'
11. Martin ..;... »
Bereen.. .-... 12
Spencer 3
Jackson....;.-... 10
Mitchell „. 10
Amea.T...:. ..i. 8
J. Woods 50
5teven5......... 1 10
Frawley 1 10
C1aw50n. ....... 15
J. Ward......... 20
Fitzgerald ..',... 40
J. 8r0wn......;. 20
Freeman 10
Jockey.
I Belting.
Op. Cl.
7-2
8
15
7-2
10
80
1C
16
£0
6
15
HO
100
60-
-20
Good start-
Won easi y.
VVimer, J. Krause & Co.'s eh. g., by
Ittsburg-Mo!lle S. Time, 1:09.
f}QA THIitD RACK— One mUe; all ages; purse *400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. V 4, % 8/4 Str.
244" Argentina. 3... 104 7 6% 5% 6Mi 2 h
261 Flashlight, 4. .....102 6 13 13 14 14
1559 Little Cripple, 5.. 99 1 4 a 4 2 3h 54
.274 Can't Dauce, 3... 97 3. 6 64 68 41
267 Elmer F, 6 99 4 3% 3% 41 6
268 Principle, 2 92 2 21 £1 2% 3h
268 \ James Porteus, 2. 95 6 7 7 7 7
Betting.
Fin. Jockey. Op. ii.
lh Thoroe 8-5 8-5
2 4 Slaughter 8 7
32 Jones 8-5 8-5
4 6 K. I»om 10 15
5 6 11. Martin 10 10
610 Clawsou 100 60
7 Uolan 100 200
Betting.
Up. I'l.
Poor start.
Won driving.
Winner, Santa Anl:a stable's b. f., by Gano-Dolly L.
Time, 1:41.
265.
FOURTH HACK— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile: selling; purse «400.
IBctt
s ,i s f- Fin. Jockey. . Op.
269 rbanreuse 11, 6..103 2 11 1 2%J 13 14 12 Jone» 1
... Lady Diamond, 4.lo7 3 2% 2h 2 1 2h 2 ulc Thorpe 7-5
269 Ke«iGienn. 6.....108 1 3h 4 1 34 35 310 H Martin 4
Commission. 5... .103 642 *% | 4 4 4 Isora 50
269* LucanU, 4 107 4 5 | 5 Freeman 50
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Ot
ting.
OL
4-5
3
52
10.)
30
Good stare Won galloping. Winner, J. a Humphrey's en. m., by Emperor ol Norfolk-Arltta.
Time*, 1:35. •Broke down.
i^t r* rufl ß. HACfc.— Ele ven-flixteenibs mile; selling; purse $350.
•-■»«».. I Horse, age, weight. St.
'-*..' "Horse, age, weight. St. V* % %_ Sir. Fin. Jockey.
"269" Walter J, 3 ;.:... 99 "T .......; $ h 6 2 6 3 1 1/2 slaughter.......
(216) !-pt McAllister, 4.109 3 . 3 b 32 lh -2 1% 8baw.. ..........
276) s«-a Spray. 4.. ....101 « : 7 - 7 7 3a K. Jsom ;...
233 Perseus, 3..: 99 4........ 43 42 41 .4h H. Martin .;....
am M-ntgomerr, 3... 99 2 .;.....-. 31 2 a 2* 5% J0ne5....;.....-..
rapahoe,s 104 7 ........ 61 6MI 6MI 610 O'UnTy..... ...
245 r»a'y » 5 101 1 J•> lh 3Va 7 Slip.-...
(2&1) Pamerston, 3.... 99 8 ........ 8 2 8 8 Thompson......
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. 1.
10
3
20
3
. 8-6
8 '
60
30
15
6-2
20
■ 4
:v. ; 1
i 20
: V? 0
20
Good start for all but Pa.merstou. Won drtvlcg.
Brlton-i-illle 8. Time, 2:OBV a .
Winner, F. McDermott'a b. c, by Imp. True
the last race Palmerston was left the first
time the barrier was raised, and th« field
was called back.
Shaw ou Quicksilver furnished a very
bungling ride. The big chestnut should
have taken the long end of the purse.
Daisy W was backed down from 100 to
1 by her stable to capture tbe last race.
She stopped badly in the stretch.
Lady Diamond, after opening at 7 to 5,
receded in the betting to 7to 2. She made
a good showing and should about win next
time out.
The poolrooms are again running in full
blast, and to those players known to be
"all right" odds are laid, in many in
stances hi her than the tracK prices.
Combinations are also made. Notices in
the rooms sta'e that no commissions will
be received after 1 o'clock on the day of
the race, but bets are both taEen and paid
and odds laid after that hour.
Following are the starters in the events
to be decided to-day :
First race, five-eighths of a mile— Lorao 105,
276 Sis Ur Beatrice 105, 24(5 Es»ki 1 98, 271
Cherid'ih 95, 271 Playboy 105, 272 Defe der
95, 271 Lucky Tuck 103, 250 Red Fork 105,
271 Valdos 95, 246 Widow Jones 105, 271
Autocrat 105.
S cond race, one mile, selling— 274 Pollock
98, 216 Arne*te9B. 285 Red Glenn 107. 263
Hermanita 107, 'M>9 Woode&opper 07, 284 Lu
tle Cripple 107, (267) Btrathmtttth 109.
Third race, thre>--quarters oi a mile, Palo
Alto handicap— (3l2) Candelana 114, Kstaca
100, 279 Arezzo 105, 273 Horatio 108, (251)
Aquinas 115, 201 Dunboy 116. 277 Key del
Tierra 105, 254 Tempestuous 100.
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, George
Goulet champagne handicap — (273) Howard S
117, (190) BellK-osn 140, 129 Potentate 120,
281 Good Times 109, 275 Reddingion 125. 176
Zamloch 125, Ro«drunner 110. Applause 125,
Don Cari:lo 118. 263 Lucky Dog 120, 277 Rey
del Tierra 108, Sir Flay 150.
Mfth race, hurdle, banrliCßp, one find a
half mUes— 99 Bedford 125,205 Tom Ciarke
127, 280 Relmnpago 125, 280 Hello 128, Bril
liant 125, 265 Heymarket 140, 250 George
Dickersou 125.
Sixth race, five-eighths of a mile — 240 Bo
hemian Las- 105, 268 Scorcher 105, Don
Clarenclo 10 p , Celoso 108, 277 Tori.edo 108.,
Siegfried 108, 270 R enzi 108 (277) &ly 108.
THE RUSS HOUSE.
A Famous Hostelry That Maintains
Its High Character
Still.
There is not in the State a hotel so
familiar to old Californians as tne
Kuss, nor one that has kept up its reputa
tion so weil for reliability and excellent
service, especiailv siiue it came under the
management of J. S. Youne, who has suc
ceeded Mr. Seymour. An improvement
has been made in the cuisine, the apart
ments and in the accommodations of the
entire hotel.
Tbe reasons why the Russ has been
such a favorite with guests are many. It
has all the conveniences o a weJl-equipped
hotel, with the added comforts of a home,
while its location is central, bPing near
banks, theaters and business houses.
Among the other improvements intro
duced by Mr. Young are new incan
descent lights aud a rapid modern ele
vator.
All these advantages can be enjoyed
by the visitor from the interior at mod
erate coat, thus doing away with the
high prices which make a stay in the City
so expensive.
J. S. \oungis well known to the com
munity as a business man of character
and standing, and his attention to the
comfort of his guests has increase! the
popularity of the Kurs.
LOCAL INDUSTRY.
The Dow Steam Pump Works I reaae
Their Capacity.
Certainly there is not an establishment
on this coast better known than tbe
above. Indeed the principal mine pump
ing plants of the coast have been
supplied by this concern and numbers of
its mine sinking pumps have recently
beea shipped to mines in Gra s Valley and
other points with gratifying results. They
can be operated either with steam or com
pressed air.
Tire success of th« Dow pumps on the
Pacific Coast has compelled the firm to in
crease the capacity of the works in this
City, where all us machinery is made, and
j therefore duplicates can be quietly sup-
I plied.
Electrical pumping plants are also
receiving the concern's att-ntion, and
this branch has grown to large pro
portions. In many of the mines of
California and Arizona their mine sta
tion pumps and sinking pumps, both
worked by electricity, are in opera
tion. Their horizontal triplex e:ectrically
driven pumps are built for heads from
300 to 1500 leet and from capacities of
twenty-live gallons per minute aud up
ward.
A visit to the Dow Steam .Pump Works,
110 to 120 Beale street, is always oi interest
to mining men.
The Hollanders are descended from the
Batavi, whom Caesar tried to conquer,
but with whom be afterward made an al
liance. t
> » «
Brittany is inhabited by thedescendents
of the original Britons or Bretons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
LANGE TO COUCH
STANFORD'S NINE
The Big Professional Se
cured by Baseball-
Players.
Fine Prospects at Palo Alto for
a Winning Team This
Season.
Not Sure cf a Goad Pitcher, but Some
Crack Athletes Are Among
the N.-w Men.
Big "Bill" Lange, one of the star base
ball players on Eastern diamonds and
Lrobably the createst fielder in America,
was engaged yesterday afternoon to coach
the Stanford baseball team during the
coming season.
Negotiations for his services had been
going on for some time, the immeuiate
obstacle in the way of the Stanford man
agement being the lack of ready funds on
the part of the student botiy, which feared
that nothing would be lefr. in the treasury
after all oid debts and season's expenses
should be paid out of the football proms
of the year.
The baseball men circulated subscrip
tion lists among the students and by pri
vate contributions raised the money neces
sary to obtain the services of the coach.
Yesterday Baseball Manager E. Janie3
of Stanford came to this City and com
pleted arrangements with Lange, who has
been here several weeks. Tbe coach will
take tiie Palo Alto players in hand on
February 1 and will give them instruc
tions eacn afternoon until early in March.
Lauge will then leave for Chicago to re
sume his pusition as center fielder on the
great Chicago professional team. \Vh«n
Lani;e leaves "Billy" McLuine, who has
played as pitcher on the iStauiord Varsity
lor lour seasons, the full limit ol service
according to the existing intercollegiate
agreement, will help to coach the players.
He captained the Varsity last year.
It was Lange w;io coached the Stanford
team for three weeks lasi reason. His suc
cess, though he was witli tue men but that
short time, made him the first choice of
the Stanford players. This season he will
devote six weeks to the team.
Speaking of the baseball outlook at Palo
Alto Manager James declared yesterday
that he dots not tbink Stanford ever hud
brighter prospects than at present. The
only drawback, he says, is tbe lack of a
first-class pitcner to take McLaine's old
place. But Lange says that he does not
worry about a pitcher. He thinks that
from the material at hand He can work one
into form in th time that he is to have to
spend on the team.
Manager James is having the baseball
field on the campus put in excellent, con
dition so that tne half hour or more of
regular practice during the afternoon rec
reation nours may be^in as soon as uni
versity worK is resumed after the present
boiiday vacation. This year he asserts
Stanford will have one of the best base
ball diamonds ever in the State. He is
taking particular pains to have a good
iield.
For five successive years Stanford has
deieated the University of California in
me annual intercollegiate baseball
matches and has held the championship.
Tue Varsity nine of the season of '97
that is to maintain the championship or
lose i i to a better team will be developed
from the following players:
Pitcher — Weldon '98, who was one of the
Varsity pitchers during 1894 and 1895, aud
who is expected to return to college at tae be
ginning oi the new year; Plate '99, Raddell
'97 and Clemuns '00, a footbail-pluyer himself
aud a broiaer of the old Stanford gridiron
hero, and reputed to be an excellent baseball
piayer.
Catcher— C. Strohn '00, who played first
tta.se ior the Tufts-Lyons when that team re
cently won the coast championship; Jeffs '98,
Varsity catcher last season and end on the
Varsity football team ior the past two seasons.
First base— Young '97, Varsity first base
last season; Bronco '9s, a promising new
man.
Second base and shortstop— Harris '99. Var
sity second base last season, who will return
to college at the beginning of the year; Taylor
'98, Varsity shortstop last season, who is ex
pected to re-enter college; R. Stmhn '98,
who played on tbe Varsity tp^ni last season;
Lougbead '00, who played shorutop for
Tutts-Lyons in tne final championship games
at San Francisco; Murphy '00, the ireshmau
quarterback who distinguished himself in the
Thanksgiving football game and who is also a
liurdierend a jumDer.
Third tase— Sharp '99, who played the po
sition on last season's Varsity.
Left field— Jeffs '98, the Varsity catcher of
last year; Wight '98, substitute on the team
last year; C. McLaine '00, brother of the old
pitcher.
Center field — Freeman '99, who held tbe
position lost season and who is also a football
player and one of the two intercollegiate tennis
chamD'ons.
Right field— Captain Charles Thompson '97,
of bauta Barbara, who tilled the place last
year.
Games will be arranged with tbe Uni
ver ity of Calilorna, Santa Clara College,
St. Mary's Coll'ge, the Olympic Club and
the Reliance Cluo.
FOOTBALL AND BASEBALL.
Games That Will Be Played To-Day
at Central Park and Presidio.
The third annual game of football be
tween the Cosmos and Crocker teams will
be held this forenoon at Central Park.
This will be the third meeting of those
crack teams, and it tjoes without saying
that a spirited and interesting game wiil
result. The first game ended in a tie, tbe
score standing 4 to 4, the second in a vic
tory for the Cosmos Club by a score of 6
to 0 and to-day's game will decide the
championship.
The Crocker team has been training on
the quiet by moonlight for some time, and
the "boys" will be sa'Jly disappointed
should they fail to sweep their opponents
off the earth this lorenoon. Doubtless a
large crowd will witness the contest. ~- :
The soldiers at the Presidio will engage
in a game, of baseball at 2 o'clock this
afternoon- on the Presidio reservation.
According to the captains of the respective
nines the players are well trained and in
splendid condition to give good account
of themselves. The line-up is as follows:
Golden Gates. Position. Presidios.
-1berg............... Tit. her Benedict?
Burris Catcher. Xoye* i
Green First base. ..Kelly
Lynch....... Second ba5e..'...........-. - fry
Ja5r5«r....:..........TJi1rab. 1 5e...... ...... Vineyard
Reed........ shortstop ........... ..-.iXalnes
WcKee. .Left fie1u.......... .....;'.; Bur-»e
K0gern.... ...... .....Center Held WhiuinK.on
Fitspatrick....... ....lllgbt fie1d..... ....... .;Ciosnell
The Cogswell Polytechnic College team
will meet the Young Men's Christian As
sociation team in a football came at Cen
tral Park on Saturday afternoon. Repre
sentatives of the various colleges * will be
present in strong force. ' :
The San Francisco : handball 'court has
arranged a first-class programme of games
for to-day, The first event will be called
at 10 a. M. s arp, and the sport will con
tinue until 5 p. M , when adjournment for
d.nner will be the order. *-," '
BOXING UP A STEAMSHIP.
Portable Vesurls for U«« in South
America— New Idea in Ship-building.
The task of building a steamship, set
ting it np. and then shipping it to South
America in boxes, such as was performed
at Nixon's shipyard, in Elizabethport,
was novel iti shipping experiences in
this country. Portable houses have
been common for many years. Port
able steamers have been not uncom
mon in this country. Tbey have been
set up on many lakes, especially in the
West, where there has been no facility for
building such craft. The two vessels that
ply on Devils Lake, in North Dakota, are
instances of that, for they were brought
from the banks of the Mississippi, even in
the days when the hostile Sioux ianged
through North Dakota. Such vessels
have usually be«;n stowed away on mon
ster trucks. They have usually been of
wood.
The one that Mr. Nixon sent the United
States of Colombia, to ply on the Magda
lena .River, had to be put in boxes, big
and little. Altogether there were some
thing like 200 of these boxes. They filled
three lighters and were loaded fr^ru the
lighters to a tramp steamship. The name
of the portable steamer was the Marie
Hanabergh. Of course it was a small
affair, but it was built with as much
care as a larger vessel. It was built on
ways, as if it were to be launched here.
Every plate and beam was put in pluce,
all the woodwork was fitted, the ensine
and every part of the craft was made to
fit just as if the boat was io pty in these
waters. Tlie rivets, however," "were not
put in. The vessel was Diiinted blue
on one side of the interior, anil white on
the other side of th- interior. This was
to facilitate the erection of the vessel on
the Magdalena River. Every plate, bolt
and frame was marked to correspond with
the plans, and then the little craft was
taken apart, and this and that part packed
away in boxes. The boilers, of course,
needed no boxes, but each piece of the
machinery and each part of the hull was
stowed away without difficulty.
Air. Nixon will send one of his assist
ants to the destination of the vessel to
superintend her erection. She will be put
together on ways and launched pre
cisely as she would have ben launched
had she remained in this country. It
is simply a question of riveting tbe
hull together, and of fastening the
parts of the engine together, and then
the vessel will be complete. It is interest
ing to know that Mr. Nixon had foreign
competition in securing the contract for
the vessel. He underbid three foreign
shipyards as to price and also guaranteed
to deliver the vessel quicker than any
other bidder. He built the craft in almost
exactly sixty days.— New York Sun.
AN OLD CALIFORNIAN.
Mr. Annis Merrill was born in Harwich,
Mass., in 1810. He comes of a long-lived
and intelligent family, and it can be safely
said that there are few men to-d:iy who
possess as bright a mind as Mr. Merrill.
He is an ardent exponent of silver, and
once thoroughly launched into the sub
ject becomes abriliiant and convincing
orator. Like many of the early pioneers
Mr. Merrill has witnessed and participated
in many of the stirring incidents of those
dangerous times.
Mr. Merrill was at one time proprietor
of the Alta California and bought the
paper to further the interest of the free
soil party.
FINE MEATS.
Captain J. H. McMenomy in the Cali-
fornia Market is one of the oldest butchers
in the City. His Christmas beef surpasses
any stall-fed beef in town. They are fine
in fiber, juicy and appetizing; they excel
in healthful qualities, being especially
prepared tc cater for fine trade.
Linnseus and Cuvier were tbe fathers of
ornithology, each classifying the birds, ac
cording to structure and peculiarities, into
six orders.
•■ — -^ — • —
Fish must be sold alive in Japan. The
peddlers convey them through ihe streets
in tanks.
NEW TO-DAY.
/
FOR PRinTEßSM^toy^reßS
* L I EC §/C p/*I T I O 4 ETC :
OFFICE andWO&KS./ L r
Ino CaMf*a4Lsn> S/l/\f ftANC/SCO.
'zsC/ArJr.y
A SHOPLIFTER
NEATLY CAUGHT
Dena Matson Had a Fancy
For Expensive Baby
Gowns.
She Was Detected Stealing in
the Emporium and Attempted
to Escape.
The Police B^licv: She Is an Old
Hand at the Bu;in?ss and Are
Looking, Up Her Record.
Detectives, policemen in plain clothes
and private detectives have been for sev
eral days watching tLe large retail stores
for pickpockets and shoplifters.
No casea of any consequence were re
ported, but yesterday morning a tall,
stylishly dressed woman was caught in the
act of shoplifting in the Emporium.
Shortly after the store was opened the
woman entered and. went directly to the
ladies' furnishinz department on the up
per floor. She purchased a few trifling
articles in baby clothing, and was walking
away when tne clerk who had waited
upon ncr noticed what he supposed was a
lace-bordered handkerchief protruding
from under the heavy fur cape worn by
the woman.
He called to her to look out for her lace
handkerchief as she might lose it, but .she
paid no attention to him. He ran after
her, and, taking hold of the lace, be
pulled it out to pass to her. «
To his surprise it proved to tie a long
and expensively trimmed baby's gown.
Realizing that she had been detected the
woman ran, and, escaping from the upper
floor was making lor the street, when she
was stopped by iVtectiv^-s Green and
Allen of Morse's atrency, and they took
her to the City Prison, where she was
booKed on the charge of petty larceny.
The woman pretended that she could
not speak English, and the services of a
SwedisU interpreter were procured. She
toid him that her name was Dena Matson,
and that she was living with a family
named Anderson at 329 Sixth street. She
finally confessed that she spoke English,
an. i admitted having stolen tne baby's
gown.
She stole the gown from the counter
while the clerk's back was turned, and
concealed ii under her arm. In her hurry
she fai.ed to gather up the skirt of tin
gown, which hung down below the bottom
of her fur cape and led to her detection.
In appearance she is a very attraciive
woman, and was dressed in exquisite
taste. The officers believe that she is an
old hand at the game, and they will ei.
deavor to look up her record.
WAKING AT A CERTAIN HOUR.
The Boston Man Wlio II :inl the Clock
Strike Six.
A man who wished to make sure that
an ailing child in a bed in an adjoining
room kept covered through the night, and
who before he went to sleep himself made
a mental memorandum to the effect that
be must not sleep without waking more
than an hour or two, realiy fell Into a
very sound slumber. But in the midst oi
it he was awakened by apparently bear*
ing the bell of the town clock, not far
away, strike 6 o'clock, all the strokes fac
ing clearly — one, two, three, four, five,
six. Now, this man is accustomed to rise
eve;y morning at 6 o'clock, and seldom
sleeps past that hour. It has long been for
him the end of the night and the begin
ning of the day.
As be heard the strokes naturally be
had the impression that be had slept all
nitfht and haa neglected the child. He
got up quickly and was surprised to nml
that tbe darkness was intense, and, on
striking a hunt and consulting his watch,
he was astonished to find not only that he
bad not slept more than two hours, but
that no bell had structr; that it was be
tween the hours, so that be could not have
heard the clock strike some other hour
and mistaken it for 6. There was, it
should be mentioned, no s riking clock in
the bouse nor any within hearing except
the town clock, which he supposed he had
heard but had not. *>
Now this seems to be a clear case of the
operation of some sorf of machinery in
the man's mind whereby he was roused
by the premature occurrence of the sensa
tion of a summons that was sure to awake
him under ordinary cirenmstancesi That
the man was souni asleep was proved by
the fact that he might easily have heard
the bt?ll strike 11 and 12, for the window
was open, and soon a.terward, oems now
awake, he heard it strike 1 o'clock loudly,
but he heard nothing of the noisy striking
of these hours. <
He had gone to sleep very tired, and,
but for this summons so skillfully di
rected by the sub-consciousness, occurring
at tb.9 expiration of the time he had set
when he fell asleep, he might easily have
slept all night. The ringing of no hour
but sis ever roused him under ordinary
circumstances; "therefore," said bis un
sleeping sun-consciousness, "I will ring in
6 u' clock on him ana see ii th.it will muke
him get up and cover the baby." Tbe
fa;se summons worked like a charm. Such
things make more than Alice in Wonder
land "play that they are two people." —
Boston Transrript.
A GREAT BOOKBINDERY.
An Establishment favorably Known
to Our Business
Men.
Since J. B. Mclniyre began a quarter of
a century a>:o his bookbindery it has
steadily prospered until it is to-day one
of our greatest manufacturing houses. In
connection with the bindery at 422 Com
mercial street he manufactures account
books and maintains a large printing
house. A specialty is made of fine ruling
and binding of ledgers, journals and day
books. Mr. Mclntyre is himself prac
tically acquainted with every detail of the
business and th excellence of his work is
due to his personal supervision.
HOTEL RICHELIEU.
This establishment, under the manage
ment of L. A. Levi, is situated on our most
fashionable thoroughfare — 1020 Van Ness
avenue. For delightful entourage and ele
gant equipments it is not surpassed by
any similar institution in the country.
Tnere is a bath to each of the richly fur
nished suites, a modern elevator, and
nothing is wanting to supply the refined
comforts of a home. It is known to the
best circles in the United States, as
sured respectability beaig a requisite to
give the entree to its hospitality.
A French colonel is teaching his officers
and men to crawl on their stomachs, and
has invented a leather glove to help the
process. The regiment can now travel a
hundred yards in this manner without
fatigue.
The first great work on ethnolocy was
Balbi's Ethuological Atlas, published in
1826, which laic down the general princi
ples of the science.
X£W TO- DAT
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
¥¥¥ ¥¥¥
L P. DEGENJ
¥. J ¥
| MANDFACI'DRER OF p
I OAK-TANNED |
¥ ■ : LEATHER : - %
__ -. J -__^ '^ ' ___ •"" ' 2 . -k. ¥
[belting!
¥ ;• ■ ■ '"'■% '■ ■'•.•'• ' ' '¥
* AND
• LACE LEATHER. I
¥ ¥
1 1 05 TO 107 f MISSION ST.
¥ ■ CORNER SPEAR, ¥
* SAN FRANCISCO, CAL |
¥¥-_.] ■;; - r. . ¥¥
¥¥¥ ¥¥¥
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
T~ ! ~T" — ! ~~~ — : — : — ; — ; — .
THE
WEEKLY
CELL
"ol It. Publishes. the Cream of the
p/ News of the Week and •
ol MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
*{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ ■■'■:■■ PAPER ON THE I
ol \ PACIFIC COAST -J
*J Always Republican, but Always
~S Fair and Impartial in Its j
°\ Rendering of the Po-
ck litical News.
rJ It's the Paper to Send East il
3 You Want to Advertise ;
~1 California.
'2^".-.y;-/."J \' '■ /~~ ;'. ■ '
Ti The Best \ Mining
°S Telegraphic \S News That !
PS Service on /V Is Accurate
oi The Coast / \& up to date
ol / \ _
I °S Not a Line of it Sensational
jex or Faky, and Not a ; Line of
I « it Dry or Uninteresting.
=3 A PAPER FOR ; THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
lof Bright, Clean, A Champion of
rj ; Thoughtful. r 1 ruth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
2 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
i^l HOME - ' - MAIL, $1.50 '• ;
Oi INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR |
DUFFY'S PURE
MALT WHISKEY
TORiIEDICINALUSE
NO FUSEL OIL
The most popular of all Whis-
kies. It owes its popularity to
its worth. Insist upon your
Druggist or Grocer securing it
for you. Send for pamphlet*
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
FINE FURS AND -
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
To order. Itemodelini; and repairing at prices far
below those of an-' other furrier on the Pucida
coast. All wor i guaranteed. '
AD. KOCfIOB, Fashionable Furrier,
OVs Koarny Street.
Upstairs — Opposite Chronicle. Formerly cutter
with BevUlou i'rores, .Paris, London, Kew York.
q^^G ANGERS
■ l!?jjßnS*gHßmH j ho me testimonials of many
i^^^^^^^«§r*^ Wonderful Cures- wo
ifl^^^HW^k pi aces-Women's Breait*
J^^SttifM. |Br^^| ar .d Men ' s Lips,
San Franciico.
Send to Someone with Cancer
. OCEAN TRAVEL.
PMMMMIdI A*. AUSTRALIA for
raftl HflBE HONOLULU only,
«rnilll Tuesday, December 29,
m ™r->— -^~" ■ at 'J p. m. ■ Special party
— i/N rates. m. H. ZtALA.V-
-)^lP/)!T1m1IiW d - a sails' vl » hoxo-
CylCfllllJiliy-' LVhV and auck-
/nmRaDIU land lor SYDNEY,
>w'"r' Thursday, January 7, at
a p.m. • .
Line to COOLQABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. -
J. D. SI'KECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st, >an Francisco.
PACIFIC COIST__STEAMSHIP CO. >
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAT -flriL
wharf. San Francisco, as follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlncr, Wrangel. Jnnean, Kil-
llsuoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. v., Dre. 10, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacones and
New W. atcom (Bellin^ham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. ii,
Dec. 5, 10, 15, 20, 26,30, and every fifth day there*
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. B.
X., atTftioma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with (i.
N. Ky., at Port Townseud with Alaska steamers.
- For Eureka, Area a and Fields incline (Mum.
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Dec. 3, 7, 11, 18,
19. 23. 37, Si, »nd every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa^
Port Harford (San 1 uls Oblspo), Oavlota, Santa
i Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, ban Pedro, East -Sao
; Pedro (Los Angeles) and .Newport, at 0 a. x.
1 Dec. 1,; 6, 9, IS,. 17. 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
, day thereafter.
For Man Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Bedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Dec.3, 7, 11, IS, 19, 23, 27, 31, and every fonrtt
I day thereafter.
For En sen tula, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, If
A. M. 25tU of each month.
'1 he Company reserves right to change steamer*
or Bulling dates. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ,i ■ -
aOOSAXL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. &N. CO.
- DISPATCH FAST STEAM-EHS TO
POR.TL 13
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. jc
T? A PIT/* 1 " First-class \ Including
£ iM. Ai-LAsn Second-class /berth <fc meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: : . •
State of Ca1if0rnia......... Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8
Columbia .......Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 1
, Through tickets and through baggage to all
' Eastern points. Bates and folder* . upon applui*»
lion, to ■
F. F. CONNOE. Gene'M Ajront,
. 630 Market street.
HOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Superintendent*
COJIPIGSIE GES ERAL TRMSATLISTIP
rreno-h Lln^ to HavM.
> SPIER(NEW),42 NORTH jfHfL.
\J Rlver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by wElJjl
Ibis line avoid both transit toy English railway an j
the discomfort of I crossing ; the channel in a small
boat. ' Hew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via i'*ru,
first-class $lt>»: seeoud-ctuju. fcilo. •
LA BRETAGNjU .:;;..-."..'...".. Jan. 2 SA. JC
LA NORM AN DIE... ......Jan. 9 : 9a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNK..-. ....Jan. 16. 10 A. *.
LA80U8U04NE......... Jan. 23, 6 a. «.
LA~GASCOGNE...... M ... Jan. 30,9 A.M.
. Mm twiutuuu particulars npply to
-...: A. FORGET. AMtR,
" ' no. S, Bowling Green, New Tor*,
.?. P. FTTOAZI & co, Agent* 6 Mon«aas9f#
five mi", San Francisco. ■
white ma LISE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamer)
• ■ . BXTWUKK
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
t)AILi>U XV tUil UKJtIK..
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jflMta.
Vj ins; to steamer and accommodatlocs aSHHB
selected ; second cabin, 9< - 50 and 81 1 60 ; MajesTia
and Teutonic. Steeraga Tickets from. England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, ; Norway . and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
tailing dates and cabin plans ■ may be procured
from W. H. A VKRY. Pacific Mail Dock, or at the I
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
tinder Grand Hotel. . O. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Paclnc Coasfc ■
' STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier - No. 3, Washington St*
At O I*. 31. .Daily. JbroluUi. received u»
-■ . . to. >: 3« ir. M. •
aST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'1 ESs only Hue making through rates on V allay
Road freight.' »* -
- ; STEAMERS: •
T. C. Walker,; J. I>. Teters, >■ ■
alary. Uarrutt, City of Stock
.'1 eleuhouo Main 80S. Cat' Nay. and Imat. Us
fALLEJO ASD U. S. UTT-TlMl \
SXKA3IER "MONTICiIXIiO."
Daily ex. Sat. & Sun.. *10:30 a.ic, 4. and 9:30 p. v.
Saturdays.. ........ M ... .......10:30 a. m., 4 r. U.
5unday5..;........ ;:....:..:.:.;..:;..;..B'».ift ; \
Landing Misslon-stree'. Docic, Pier 3. ■ .
" • Telephone Black am. : . '. .
; gSxfior»Jpn ..trip. niviai t> hours at Navy-Yard, "
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS&SASTA CRUZ
QTEAMER'ALVISO ' LEAVES* PIER 1 MON-
;- O aay.>Wedn*Bday, : Friday, at 10 a. x. Alvlso
Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday.'at 3P. K. Freight
, and Passenger. Fare between ban Francisco and ~
Alviso, 50c; to Sail Jose, 75c. Clay at.. Fieri.
; •M W. isanta Clara st., Sau Jose.; ..
3738
g J^~r?-^-r —--——-——-•—• — : •; ;' . • ,-';;.' ' ;.,'•' '. : ~~~~ ..'; ;:.', '"., .... ..: .':'."'":: ..""'■■ - *1 '^.V-"^.-' ' ' ' '.'' "' '" '. '.'- . .' .. . ■**^T a ?***? fi ******T*^**^'*****^ I
I I QSTnrsvwTnn t afloat » a a ynnnnrtTrinr re-a-ra-a-rereirereirrre^^ « < t t-o-a-tYiiW^yyirinnni taa t a t.a » uiiiwn ayinnmiTi o a » finryya o »^riririnnsrvpnsrprirFinTs^ | ;> !
I SuuttittiUJiUttJi^ /^T^ *T*l— fC? A / r^l!^ piUiUittiUiiiiji | I
i > 3 : ' :
g| 1 §
5 IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY
£ 1A t r JBL m iig fli -^^ T -tw JL M x^ X ▼ V A. A lift niff X T JA. JL«« A*m~Jr Ml. =•
I -' ' .; . FOR • "■; ■; ■ I I
I 1 Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Sore 1 |
I ! Throat, Dysentery, Cholera Diphtheria, Pneumonia, | \
I i Nervous, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, a |
il Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Headache, Ear- | I
| I ache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Swellings, i f
I I Burns, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, a I
> I Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive Itch- j I
I \ ing and many other complaints too numerous to name here. I I
$ c ' ' : • ■' ' ■ ■■■■■■■■ ■ • ■ M X
I THE MOST SKEPTICAL ARE CONVINCED AFTER TRIAL: I I
- ■•'■ & ■ ' • * 'ft ©' > :
; *KO*K
I I PRICE 25c, 50c, $ 1 .00 PER BOTTLE I
*•* c ° i
I j [ FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS. | J I
; -^d>«3tf^ —
II I The Trade Supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, I 1 1
!| i ' san Francisco. , . |1 |
I ;i L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. ill.
CftJUUULSUUUUUU^ 0 o o o o o o OAQJIJUUUL^JL^LOJUUUUUU^ s3
y. . ®- ''■--' • : -"' • ■ • '*■,"* ■ : ', . '-..,, -■":.: ' .'*„''"* -,' i '■'■0\. '-.".' '.'-- *,■;■' '-"•,■■•';'■■■ ':.\4 ' • '■ ' •- .■ ■- ■■ " ,• ' * . " ' : ■ " x 0
d (SXSXS®gXSXSXS(SXSg^^ .... ..■■■.,.. •''..■■.■■. .. . :' .... . '."■..'■ .. . •■■--•■•■ —^^^(gxg^xg^^ -X
•'• .:-;•'".' ' ..■■-.'/■....:•., ■ I •;.; . ■ . ; : . . -^^^^^g^s^^^-' 7 --■ ■ \ ' ': ' :.,'.. .•■ '£*iyigi&sSiffl&i&ivskl '■ --" '■'"'■ ' - ■■■'•" ■'••■ i'i.^MBHBBMBIBBMBBBBBBBMIIfer-- ; ■-•■•.- f >: --i - • •■ . ivl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.CHRISTMAS ON
THE WATER FRONT
The Harbor Commission
Employes Paid for
December.
A Seaman Lost Overboard From
the American Ship May
Stormy Voyage of the Simla— Failure
of the M.xican Cedar-Log
Trade.
To-day a Christmas qniet will rest on
the water front and nothing Will be going
on in the iirrbor but the tides and the
tues — tbe former because of the moon
that-will move over the ocean, and the
latter because of tbe ships that must
come into port. The wheels of industry
on the docks will stand still and Jack and
his cousin-eerman, the stevedore, will
rest.
The entire force of Harbor Commission
employes were paid off yesterday for the
lAnth of December. By this the men
g^J.ing their money a week in advance
will be enabled to enjoy their holiday
wi;h generously rilled purses. It was -
practical manner of bringing "peace and
good will" to many homes.
Captain Hall, the popular steamship
commander, has been transferred from
the Yaquina to the Coos Bay and the cap
tain of tbe Coos Bay exchanges with him.
The schooner Czar arrived from San
Bias, Mexico, yesterday with only a par
tial load of cedar logs. Her captain re
ports that it was impossible to procure
ciargo, aud the log industry on the Mex
ican coast appears to be on the decline.
The schooner Viking came in several days
ago in the same light condition.
The schooner Azaiea also arrived from
the north. She reports that December 11,
when fifty miles west of Cape Flattery, she
experienced a heavy wind aiid high sea,
ana lost her spanker boom.
At 9 o'clocfc last night the tvs; Sea Witch
Was reported outside with the British bark
Eivion, from Pisagua, awaiting orders.
The fine American ship May Flint ar
rived last evening from New York.
The following is from the vessel's log;
Sailed July 21 with fair winds daring the
first weelt, but followed by ligni and variable
winds to the equator, which whs crossed
August 27 in longitude 28 west. Crossed lati
tude SO south September 27, longitude 64
•west. Passed through the Straits of Le
maire September 29, and by Cape Horn Sep
tember 30. Crossed 50 south in the Pacific in
longitude 89 west, and the equator November
27 in longitude 110 west. Arrived at the bar
off .San Francisco December 24 at 10 A. H.
During the voyage experienced a very heavy
gale in latitude 38.40 south, and loi.gitude
51.52 west, lasting two days. September 17
and 18, at 11 p. Jc., A. F. Erikson. age 43 years,
a native of Finland, was lost overboard in
latitude 56.40 south and longitude 71.49 west.
EPICUREAN MENUS.
Christmas Suggestions From Two of San Fran
* Cisco's Noted Chefs.
RUSS HOUSE.
Baltimore Select. « elery en Brancnes.
Orten 1 urue. Consomme Renaissance.
Small Patties of French Mushroom.
Salted Almonds.
Russian Caviar.
Queen Olive*.
Sliced Tomatoes.
Boiled Salmon Trout a la Bernalse.
Alaska Halibut a la Villeroi. Quirled Potatoes.
Santa Cnic Capon, Sauce Supreme-
Smoked Ox Tongu*. >auce Piqaanre.
Mountain Quail Pie, Buss House fashion,
stewed Diamond Back Terrapin. Maryland. "
Salmi of Teal Duct a la Lelaud.
Gray Squirrel Saute au Chasseur.
Orange Fritters. Sauce Pouiet Canct.
Champagne Punch.
Christmas Turkey,
Chestnut Dressing, Cranberry Sauce.
Choice Beef, Natural Gravy.
Young Lamb, Mint Sauce.
Jalnbon Glace on champazne.
Suckling Pig a la Francaise.
Green Goose with Potato Dressing, .Apple Sauce.
Haunch of Black Bear, Grape Jelly.
Mallard Duck, Red Currant Jelly.
Chicken, Leuuce, Shrimp,
En ilayonalse.
Boned Turkey a la Get«c.
Beef Tongue.
Dupee Ham.
Spring Lamb.
Bogar Core
Stewed Tomatoes.
Brussels Sprouts.
. . Asparagus Hollandaise.
Mashed and Steamed Potatoes.
Boiled Bice. Baked Sweet Potatoes.
Christmas Plum Pndalng,
Hard and Brandy Sauce.
Tuttl Frutt 1 Icecream.
Charlotte Rnsse, Mince, Cranberry,
Pumpkin and Apple Pie.
W Christmas Fruit Cake.
Sponge Cake.
Delicate Care,
Fancy Almond Maccaroons.
Star Kisses.
Crescents.
Chocolate Eclairs.
Navel Oranees. Apples. Banana*.
Fancy Mixed Candy.
* ' American and Imported Cheese.
Assorted Nuts and Raisins. Cafe Nolr.
Gladding, Mcßean & Co/s Factory at Lincoln.
AN IMMENSE INDUSTRY,
The Superiority of Terra CotU and
-Roman Brick Recognized by
I Architects.
Nothing is more noticeable in recent
architecture than the increased use of
terra cotta and Roman brick in modern
buildings. The life of these is beyond
computation, while that of stone is com
paratively short-lived. The front the
new Spreckels market is entirely of terra
cotta, being the first building of that kind
on the coast. ; This valuable T material is
also employed in the Clark building,
October 2 a succession of heavy westerly gales
commenced lasting nine days.
The British ship Simla came in from
Liverpool hist evening, sailing from that
port Aupust 12. September 25, in latitude
34 south, lonjritude 47 west, tbe vessel was
struck by a very heavy gale. Several ter
rible seas were shipped, which disabled
five of the crew and generally damaged
affairs about the deck?. October 2, in lati
tude 45 south, longitude 52 west, they
caught a very heavy west-northwest gale,
shipped several heavy seas, washed away
the pig's house and stove in the forecastle
doors and washed the boats off the for
ward ekids. The ship labored heavily and
the decks were constantly tilled to the
rail, the heavy seas going completely over
the ship. October 5, in latitude 48 south,
longitude 54 west, had a very heavy gale
from the northwest, with a very cross,
cotif'.'.sed sea. the ship roiliiiE her rails
under water and shifting the cargo.
It was impossible to walk on deck and
the crew had to break through the sail
locker to get into the hold to secure the
cargo. These gales lasted until October
12.
The following items regarding vessels
and shipmasters well known at this port
are taken from private mail advices re
ceived from Liverpool yesterday: The
bark Stanmore, the last of the fleet owned
by W. J. Meyers' Sons & Co. of Liverpool,
has been sold by that gentleman to Mr.
Thomas of North Wales, the price obtained
being £9050 or £SOO more than was ob
tained for her sister ship, the Swanmore,
whioh waa recently sold.
Both vessels were built at Belfast In 1886
and there was only two tona difference in
their gross tonnage. Captain E. W. Nick
els, late of tbe Stanmore, has been ap
pointed master of the British ship Yeo
man, which recently changed hands.
Captain Collister, who has been running
to this port for many years and was well
known as the master of the Cormorant
and Pizarro, has been pensioned off by
W. T. Myers at £200 per year for the rest
ol his life. He has been in the service of
his employers, who thus recognize his
worth, for thirty-two years, serving under
grandfather, son and grandson.
COST OF BIG TUNNELS.
Striking; Result in the Case of the One
Through Cascade Mountains.
A recently published item relative to the
comparative cost of the world's four great
tunnels places the coat of tbe Hoosac tun
nel, in the United States, the oldest one of
the lot. at £76, or about s3Bo, afoot, says the
New York Times. The Mount Cenis tun
nel, the next in date, cost, according to
the same item, £71, or about $355, a foot;
the St. Gothard cost £46, or $230, a foot,
and the Arli'erz, the latest in date, cost
only £31, or $155 a foot. This rapid de
crease in cost, within comparatively few
years, is cited aa a marked indication of
tbe great progress in mechanical methods
and improvement in rock-excavating
tools.
A still more striking result exists in the
case of a tunnel through the Cascade
mountains, on the line of the Northern
Pacific Railroad, in the United States.
This, unlike those named, which were ex
cavated in the old-settled countries, with
the terminal easy of access, was in a pecu
liarly difficult location, so much so that it
took months to convey the machinery to
the spot. Rivers bad to De turned aside,
bridges built and material transported
over improvised roads through- nearly 100
miles oi forest, mud and snowfields, yet
the tunnel, which is 16}£ fe t wide, 22 feet
high and 8950 feet long, was bored through
the mountain in twenty-two months, at
the rate of 413 feet a month, and at a cost
for the completed tunnel of only £24 or
about $120 a foot. '
— — ft
The first mention of the Siamese is by
Portuguese travelers in 1511 hi D.
BROOKLYN HOTEL.
Blue Poiutf
Celery.
Green Turtle aux Quenelles.
Consomme a la Jennie Llnd.
Queen Olivet. Dressed Letiace.
Striped Bass, Aurora.
salmon Trout a la St. Hubert.
Pommes Farisieruie.
Lobster en Mayonnaise.
Pressed Tongue, Aspic Jelly.
Young Capon. Oyster Sauce.
We.itpuaii.l Ham, Champagne Sauce.
Sweetbreads a la Financlere.
spring Chicken, Maryland Style.
Smoked Tongue, Maderla Sauce.
Pineapple Priuers au Hum Glace.
Punch, Creme do Menthe.
Prime Beet au Jus Stuffed Goose, Apple Sauce
Young Pig, Bro'.vn Sweet Potatoes
Fresno Tarkey, Chestnut Dreßßiog.Cranberry Sauce
Mallard Duck, Currant Jelly
Steamed Potatoes Mashed Potato:-*
Green Peas Stewed Tomatoes Sugar Corn
Baked Sweet Potatoes
English Plum Pudding, Hard or Brandy Sauce
Hot Mince Pie Pnmpkln Pie Apple Pie
Vanilla Icecream,
Ornamental Fruit Cake German Jelly Cake
Macaroons Kisses -Bouchets
Savoy Biscuits
Apples Oranges Grapes Bananas
Walnuts Almonds Pecans Filberts Raisins
Edam Cheese Cream Cheese Swiss Cheese
French Mixed Candles.
Tea Coffee
Claret Relsllng
Smith Cash Store, the Spring Valley
Water Works and the Gas and Electric
companies' buildings.
In Los Angeles it is used In the Van
Nuys, Le Grand, Byrne and Boston dry
goods buildings. In San Diego terra cotta
is employed in the new Marston building,
and in Santa Cruz in the courthouse.
The terra-cotta used in these magnifi
cent modern buildings was furnished by
the Gladding, Mcßean & Co. factory at
Lincoln, a cut of which is given above.
Ii is the laigest on tne coast.
This firm, which has done so much for
home industry, is a large employer of
labor and is steadily extending its field of
operations. It has but recently concluded
the purchase of tbe large terra-cotta works
at Vallejo. ' -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
HEALTH BOARD'S POWER.
Dr. J. F. Morse on the Necessity
for Its En'argement and
Increase.
Great Work Done by the Board in
Checking Evils That Might Breed
Epiiemics.
A Call reporter had a talk with Dr.
John F. Morse yesterday with reference
to the public discussion which has taken
place recently regarding the difference of
opinion between the Board of Health and
the Supervisors as to the powers of the
Health Board in sanitary matters, more
particularly in times of public danger.
The doctor is a member of tbe Board of
Health and is surgeon to the German
Hospital.
The doctor was disinclined at first to
speak, because of a desire not to violate
the ethics of the profession, but on being
urged consented to give some reasons why
the powers of tbe Board of Health should
be increased and enlarged rather t an re
stricted. His experience in the Board of
Health ana otherwise had convinced him
that the health laws are not as complete
as they tnould be in order to ensure
greater efficiency to the efforts of the
board.
One of the most important of all needed
laws was one requiring the inspection of
tenement-houses. In New York City
there is such an act, and it has done a
good deal of good in preventing the rise
and spread of typhus and other disorders
which often become epidemic. The only
obstacles in the way of improving the sani
tary condition of the City are legal ones,
and there is but very little encouragement
for the members of the board to do good
work for the City.
Dr. Morse was enthusiastic in praise of
his colleagues on the board and of their
earnestness and tbe arduous work they
perform, particularly of their efforts to
stamp out tuberculosis in cattle. The
whole country has been aroused to action
by their efforts, he said. The board ha i
done a vast deal of work that did not ap
pear on the surface in the way of prevent
ing epiaemios and in removing many of
the causes not only in the Chinese quarter
but elsewhere.
Among the most important work of the
board is the ambulance system estab
lished by it, as well as the inspecting sta
tions for milk and meat. By reason of the
work of these food inspecting stations
much serious disease had been prevented,
and localities formerly regarded as un
healthy had become healthy and habit
able. Rigorous and unremitting attention
to the slightest details of sanitary regula
tions were required to prevent the incuba
tion of disease.
The general public have not yet learned
to appreciate the importance of sanitary
inspection and regulation, added the doc
tor; but this knowledge is coming to them
more and more with the publication of
the many important innovations in the
scientific field.
ADOLPHUS G. RUSS.
The subject of this sketch, Mr. Adolphus
G. Kuss, was born in Germany in 1828.
In 1835 Mr. Russ's father moved bis family
to New York.
Mr. Adolphus Rups gladly joined with
his father in his desire to go to California,
so in 1848 he landed here with the famous
Stevenson's Regiment, and began what has
been an honorable, upright and useful
career.
An iiour spent in conversation with Mr.
Russ brings forth reminiscences of pioneer
life that mr.ke the listener feel an admira
tion for the heroic souls who were the
foundation of thia glorious State, and of
whom Mr. Adolphus G. Russ was a cen
tral figure.
ELECTRIC DOORS.
Ingenloun Mechanism Applied to the
Entrance of a Public Building;.
The city has a new plaything in the
form of tbe electric doors at the Dwight
street entrance to the new City Market.
These doors are one of the chief attrac
tions of the market, judging from the
streams of people wi>o keep passing in
and out of the entrance just to hare "se
same open." These doors are the only
electric doors in use this side of Chicago,
and many will undoubtedly find them
worth coming miles to see. As one steps
on to the wire mat at the entrance and
seps tbe huge door open swiftly but noise
lessly before him be thinks that he has in
deed touched tbe mainspring of life. If
one person is following another the door,
being in the act of closing, does not, like
the ordinary door, slam in one's face, but
gently recedes from whatever position it
may have reached, and the passage is
clear until the person or persons have
passed through. When there are enough
passers to fill the doorway both doors
stand wide open, apparently lifeless, but
when the last person is through the por
tals close in a twinkling.
The mechanism and method of opera
tion of the door is thus: A handsome
cabinet over tbe doorway on the inside of
the building contains the electric motors,
magnets, clutches, etc. Through the bot
tom of this cabinet depend arms, one con
necting each wing with its corresponding
motor mechanism and through which the
power is appiied to move it. Through the
doorway is spread an electric mat con
nected by wires with the electric mechan
ism in the cabinet. The doors being in a
closed position, stepping upon the mat
closes the circuit through one or more of
the many metal circuit closers, causing
the armature oi the mat magnet to be de
pressed end an electric switch connected
with it to turn a current through the
clutch magnet, releasing the pulley upon
which is wound the belt through which
the motor closes the door, and the springs
pull the dcor open.
Upon stepping from the mat the circuit
is broken through the mat magnet, ana
consequently the switch attached to its
armature cuts the current out of the clutch
magnet, leaving the belt pulley secured to
its shaft, and the motor current is turned
on. The motor revolves and winds the
door shut, at the same time winding up
tbe springs that are to open the door for
the next oneration. One of the most mys
terious things about the whole thing is
that standing upon the same spot on tbe
mat al one time controls one door, at an
other tbe other, depending upon the posi
tion of the doors and whether one is en
tering or leaving the building. When the
ooors are closed no current is used and
the cost of operation is extremely small.
Each door is provided with an ingeniously
devised guard that directs to the right
hand side, thus protecting from the other
wing opening should a passer approach
from the opposite side to leave the build
ing while you are entering. The invent
ors are Oliver H. Hicks and Robertus F.
Troy of Chicago. — Springfield Republican.
MODERN METHODS.
The undertaking establishment of J. 8.
Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, stands
among the highest in tbi9 community for
thorough equipment and reliable methods.
It has been established ten years, and dur
ing that time has conducted some of the
most important funerals in this City.
Among others might be mentioned that
of Charles Mayne from tho Palace, Tojetti,
Esperance aud Supervisor Jackson.
Mr. Godeau has made a thorough
and special study of embalming, in which
he has had signal success, and holds
a diploma for proficiency from Dr. CJark.
He does a large snipping business and has
valued testimonials regarding the satisfac
tory condition of bodies on arrival at their
destination. Mr. Godeau ia fun.-ral direc
tor for the French Hospital and is always
selected for tbe responsible position of
treasurer of the French celebrations.
He is a Native Son and a memoer of
twenty-six fraternal societies. He takes
an intelligent interest in public affairs and
is influential in local politics. Although
widely popular Mr. Godeau has never
aspired to office, 'levoting his time to his
"large business, which he conducts on care
ful and conscientious principles.
THE WOMAN'S LUNCHEON.
What a Famous Cook Has to Say on Its
Bad Qualities.
Frankly I confess that now I regard the
stereotyped ladies' luncheon as a bore, be
sides being an insult to any sensitive
stomach, writes Kate Sanborn in the Bos
ton Cooking School Magazine. Who
among you will dare to start a reform and
ask a few friends to a really simple but
appetizing meal of only three courses.
The programme must be complete,
from oysters to blaok coffee and cordials,
whether the husband feels it an un-
necessary tax, or the cook is over
burdened, or some of the guests, dazed
by the splendor of glass, silver, china and
linen, leel depressed if not envious, and
wish they could make an equal display.
What a dangerous medley to digest, lob
ster salad and icecream, sorbet and boil
ing hot coffee, rich pastries, candies, nuts,
olives, patties, game, jellies, and — you
know all.
When first settled in a pretty apartment
or flat of my own I naturally desired to
lunch and dine the friends who bad for
years so generously entertained me. Oh,
how foolish my expensive struggles!
1 hate to look back on my fail
ures. At last a man who was a noted
diner-out had the courage to show me
my mistakes. He said: "Now don't get
angry with an old fellow for plain speak
ing. Don't try to get up any moro din
ners. You can never do it. It's a life
long art and takes years of experience
and a long purse. I would rather drop
in and see you natural and jolly and
at ease, if you offered st&wed kidneys
and potatoes with their jackets on.
Your dishes that should be hot are not
hot enough and what should be cold is not
ice coiJ. Do be sensible." 'Twas a bard
blow to conceit and ambition but I swal
lowed the good advice. I saw myself as
others were speing me and I have never
ouce since imitated the frog in the old
fable who tried to emulate the proportions
of the ox.
All of us eat too much. I have known
several overworked, brilliant professional
men overcome by vertigo and alarming
symptoms of apoplexy or paralysis at a
dinner table after too hearty and varied a
meal. If nothing worse comes we give
ourselves dyspepsia, indigestion, gout
and obesity. One Boston doctor ac
tually was obliged to resort to the
stomach pump to relieve a fashionable
young lady from convulsions, because she
would eat ali goodies at luncheon— could
not deny her appetite. On the other
hand I equally dislike a limited amount
of food and a superabundance of style and
silver, where thin and undersized sand
wiches are tied up with narrow ribbons in
difficult knots and ail is hard to obtain
and meager in quantity.
NEW OPENING.
Oerdan & Scaled have reopened the once
famous "Old Grotto" cafe and restaurant
at Seventh and Market streets. The pub
lic and those who know bow to enjoy the
best tbe table can set will find full satisfac
tion under this new proprietorship.
The Saracens were descended from the
first followers of Mohammed', who were so
called from the Arabic word Sharg— the
East.
::.:*•- '-. : '-t.' : * ' NEW.'... TO-DAY. ■■;';.: '.;■'. ;'. ''■,■-; ' /). ..•';""
A. L TDBBS, President ; CBAS. W. KELLOGG, Secretary.
" ■ " ESTABLISHED IN 1856. ■ ' n : . •■■\
TOBBS CORDAGE CO.,
MANUFACTURERS
OF ALL SIZES OF
Manilla and Sisal Rope,
■--■:. "..'.■' ■.•••-':..- <; ■,-. .-' ' •'•'.'. ■■ ' ' • ' 7-
BINDER TWINE,
DRILLING CABLES,
LATH YARN,
' WHALE LINE
ROPE FOR TRANSMISSION OF POWER.
607 609,611 and 613 Front Street,
FACTORY AT POTRERO.
A POPULAR SANITARIUM.
Skilled Surgical and Medical
Treatment Combined With
the Comforts of a Home.
Patients Can Have Their Own Phy
sician and Also the Advantages
of the Waldeck.
The Waldeck Sanitarium, located at 717
Jones street, is one of the most popular
institutions of its kind in San Francisco.
The idea of its owners is to bring together
under one roof every aid in the treatment
of surgical and medical cases and at the
same time to furnish more of the comforts
of a home that are not to be found in the
ordinary hospital. With the building
constructed especially for their needs,
with a model system of heating and venti
lating, with operating rooms scientifically
correct, solarium, roof garden and many
minor conveniences for the comfort of pa
tients, it is no wonder that the institution
is regarded as the best private hospital on
the Pacific Coast. The medicated baths,
including sulpur baths, vapor, hot oir and
mud baths, are among the special fea
tures. The fets for sanitarium accommo
dations are entirely separate from profes
sional fees, and every patient is at liberty
to choose his own physician and to be
treated by him while enjoying all the ad
vantages of the sanitarium. The institu
tion Las well earned the success and pop
ularity that have attended it since its com
mencement.
AN EXPERT'S SUGGESTIONS.
How Judge Dibble Would Amend a
Defective Law.
"I have been a strong opponent ol the
so-called Australian ballot system," said
ex-Judge Henry C. Dibble to a Call re
porter yesterday, "for the reason that it
was not designed so much to secure the
secrecy of the ballot, as was pretended, as
to disintegrate and destroy the great
political parties. lam not opposed to an
official ballot, and I believe the law can
be amended so as to remove its more ob
jectionable featur s and make it effective,
particularly if a good primary law can be
secured."
Ex-Judge Henry 0. Dibble has been
elected to the Assembly for tbe third time
from the Forty-first District, out at the
Pacific Heights, where some prominent
person is always chosen for legislative
honors. The Judge, who is in the full
prime of life, is a man of large experience
in public affairs, a veteran of the Civil
War and a lorcible, earnest and eloquent
speaker. There can be no doubt that he
will be a very prominent figure in the
Assembly.
As chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee during the session of 1891 he
exhibited a knowledge and grasp of the
finances and needs of tbe public institu
tions that won him universal praise.
•—• — # — .
MR. BEECHER'S SLAVE SALE.
Thrilling Objeet-Leiisona on Slavery In
j ly mouth Pulpit.
Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher writes in the
Ladies' Home Journal of "When Mr.
Beecher Sold Slaves in Plymouth Pulpit,"
and thus describes the sensation created
by the sale of Sarah, which occurred on
June 1, 1856: "The solemn, impressive
silence ot that vast Plymouth assemblage
was absolutely painful as a young woman
siowly ascended the stairs leading to the
pulpit and sank into a chair by Mr.
Beecher's side. Instantly assuming the
look and manner of a slave auctioneer he
called for bids. 'Look,' he exclaimed, l at
this marketable commodity — human flesh
and blood like yourselves. You see the
whito blood of her father in her regular
features and high thoughtful brow. Who
bids? You will have to pay extra for that
white blood, because it is suppose 1 to give,
intelligence. Stand up, Sarah! Now look
at her trim figure and her wavy hair I — how
much do you bid for them? She is sound
in wind and limb — I'll warrant her! Who
bids? Her feet and hands — hold them out,
Sarah! — are small and finely formed.
What do you bid for her? She is a Chris
tian woman — I mean a praying nigger —
and thai makes her more valuable, be
cause it insures her docility and obedience
to your wishes. 'Servants obey your mas
ters,' you Know. Well, she Delieves in
that doctrine. How much for her? Will
you allow this praying woman to be cent
back to Richmond to meet the fate for
which her father sold her? If not, who
bias? Who bids?"
The congregation was wrought to the
highest pitch of excitement; women grew
hysterical, and men were greatly wrought
up. Some one near the pulpit laid a
banknote at Mr. Beecher's feet. Then the
contribution baskets were passed, and for
half an hour money and jewelry were
heaped into them. Women toofc off their
bracelets, broocbes and rings and put
them in the baskets, and men unfastened
their watches and handed them to the
ushers. Mr. Beecher's voice, in the tone of
an auctioneer, rang out, "In the name of
Christ, men and women, how much do yon
bid?" The people were stirred beyond ex
pression, and one of the congregation
arose and said that whatever deficiency
(in the price demanded for Sarah) there
existed above the collection would be made
up by several gentlemen, members of the
church. "Then you are free, Sarah," cried
Mr. Beecher turning to the girl beside
him, and the audience broke into the
wildest demonstration of enthusiastic ap
plause, and quiet was not restored for sev
eral minutes. The collection left no de
ficiency. Instead, enough money to buy
Sarah's freedom, $1200. besides sufficient
to purchase her a comfortable home, had
been raised.
KNEW SIR WALTER.
An Old Lady Whose Worldly ClrCnm-
stances Have Sadly Changed.
At the Home for Deaconesses (Metho
dist Episcopal) and office of the World's
Missionary Society there is being tempo
rarily lodged an elderly lady, whom the
superintendent of the borne, Mrs. Emma
Turney, took in under stress of circum
stances recently, and whose disposal
is becoming a matter of perplexity.
The venerable woman in question is a
Mrs.JTruro, who appears to have been of a
very pood family in Scotland and married
wealthily in this conntry, but has sur
vived family, friends and kin, until she is
now practically friendless and helpless in
her declining years.
||.To a Ledger reporter Mrs. Truro related
that she was born and raised at Jedburg,
the couiity-seat of JRoxburg, Scotland, and
that her husband, a wealthy citizen of
New Orleans, went down with the other
iil-fated passengers on the Evening Star
some thirty years ago. Not alone her
manner and conversation are intelligent
and refined, but the contents of her trunk
and the character of the literature she
has clung to denote culture. "Sir
Walter Scott," she said to the reporter,
SEW TO-DAT.
Here It Is.
Just What You Want
, ' ' ■_■■■■■ • • y •' ' 1 .'.v • ■ ; . • •
; In Your ( Bath Room, Dining Room, Nursery, Bed Room, '
$fcsZ I Library, Smoking Room, Office or Conservatory. V
$ OIL HEATER I
i&tH*?HH^f? ••■■ THAT HEATS *******
t .inAi, ncAis,
iflL |\J f\ I
No Smoke
,f"^W No Odor
||S Yes!
Positively perfectly safe
<«Piilai|j||^PS^ Pleasant to sit by.
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.,
Headquarters for Heating Apparatus,
309 to 319 Market Street, Sari Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL: . .
THE SAiY FR4SCISCO AP SAW JOIQUII !
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPUff.
TIEOt'LAR PASSF.NGER TRAINS LEAV •". I
-Lv SiooKtoa at. 7:20 a. m. dally, excepting Sun • j
days, lor Merced, Fresno and way stations. . Con- f
necting boat 1' ayes Washington-street wharf, San
Francisco, i via ' California Navigation and . . Im. !
provement Company at 6 p. M. daily, excepting
Saturdays. ' JOHN MOSS, Traffic Manager.
SOI THKRN r*(I»K COJIPAST.
; ' (PACIFIC HYH'iT.M.) .; .. ■' ..'
Trnliii leave mill arc due to nrrlve »t
;..: ... ... . ■AS ii:ax'.is<«. .',: ,
tiATE— From November t, 1.00 p. M., : abmti >
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . 8:45 a
! 7i00.4 Atlantic Express. Ogden and Eadt.. 8:43p
7iooa Benida, Vacaville, Kumscy, Sacra-
mento. Orovillo and Bedding via
Davi5.............................. 6«45f '
TiSOa Hartinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kara,
' Calistoga and Santa R05a......... 6tlSp
[ ■ liBoa Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
' Sacramento, Marysville and lied
81uff.;..;...."..................... 4:15f
•9iBoa Peters and Mi1t0n....... <"7:18p
' 9:UOa New Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, BatersOeld,
Santa ISarbara, Los Angeles, Dem-
■ • Ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
■ Ea5t........ 4i4Bp i
■ tiNi Martinez and Stockton ; 4:4.">?
•:00a Vallejo... ...........;........ ' 6:15p
....... Niles, San Jose, Llvermore ' and - • •■
5t0ckt0n.......................... . 7ilsp.
•liOOp Sacramento River 5teamer5.. ....... . »9ioop
tl:80r Port Costa and Way Stations... |7:45p
4ioop Martinez, - San Ramon, . Vallejo,
: Napa, Calistoga, ■ Xl ; Verano and .
Santa 9iloa
4iOof Benicia, ; Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
- riile and Sacramento ............. 11:15*
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Livermore . Bs4SA
. 4iBOp Los Angeles - Express, Stockton,
• ' Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10i48a
- 4i3Op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
- forMojavo and Ea5t....... 10:43 a
•iOOp European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:4.1 a
«:»Op IlnywuriK Nilc-s and Han Jose ■' 7:4 Si ■
)7:UOr Vallejo ..-.-.........'...;...... i.... f7t4sp ;
I 7: OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- . .
Tille, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Ea5t .;........."....... 11:10 a
tlOtOSp " Sunset Limited." Fresno, ■ Los
Angeles. El Paso, New Orleans
-- and East §1»«4»> j
SANTA <;UUZ DIVISION (Narrow <Jnnge). ~
. SilOa Newark, Centervi l .lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way •
5tati0n5.......:.........'......."... sis«p
. •«ilof Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
. Alinadon, Felton, Boulder Creek,
-' : , • Santa Crui and Principal Way
"■ ' Stations .■........................;. # 11:*Oa
: ' 4iinp Newark, San Jose and Los Catos. . . . ! 9:50 a
111i43r Hunters' Excursion, . Ban Jose and '? '
■-- .Way Stations ...;.... ......... t7i»op
: COAST DIVISION (Third & Townscml SU.)
6:43 a Sau Jose' and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) It8«*
1 ■tlBAHan Jose, Trcs I'inos, Hunta Cruz,
- Pacillo Groye, Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Obispo, Gnadalupc, Surf and •
Principal Way Stations 7iO»p
IO:4Oa San .lone and Way .5tati0n5......... R:08p
11:30 a Palo Alto mid Way Stations....... BtBop
*Si3Op San Mateo, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
■' ■.■'••' ■ Gilroy, Tres I Pinos, Sauta Cruz, ■
- Balinas,Montereyrui'lPncllicGrove # lOj4oa
•B:3opSan Joeoand Way Stations 9:50 a
•4s3opBan Joso and Way Stations....;.;.." *8:10 a
> 5:301' San Jose and Principal Way Stations < "8:5oa
• 6::tOi- San Jose Way 5Ut10n5......... 0-.:isa
tllt4Bi- San Jose and Way Stations..;.;.... <":'tflp
' *>\y LHASUKO AMI UAYWAUDS LOCAL.
# 6:OOA i : ■--*( 7:13 A
B:OOa ' «»:4»a j
V iHSa Ja>lro«,B e m! B .rrPMk, llI«A
*";S2p Fltchb«g,SanL««dro \fAZ
SS£ Md ■ 5:43?,
™Sp e.y™to. «i|£
\; 7:00p ■/.:■■.■;;,... - :. • *.\. 2 : P ,
9-OOp < Runs through to - lolso*
ttll':iapJ; <FromNiles. " - ■ ... Utl2:Qop.
■:? CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Front SIH JFRIHCIEC0 — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— I
•7:16 ' 9:00 11 a.m."; |l:00 r *2:00 t3:00
■■ •4:00 : 15:00 •6:00 p.m. ■
from OAKUHD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00 '
10:00 a.m. U2:00 •1:00 {8:00 . *3:00 , ti:00
: '5100 p.m. ■■■■- .■•■'. ' ■■■■■■ '' : ; ■■■■• /'-.;. . ___ ' :
: ■ A for Morning.  '■'.'■ - ' P for Afternoon. :> '• ■-':
* Sundays excepted. ' ■'..'-;-: ■,' - t Saturdays <mt*>
-:•■■-?:,''■ ■'• t Sundays only. --•-,'-. ■:
■'•'■■ ■'■ If Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. .
HTueadaja and Saturdays. ;, § Sundays and Thursday* -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacifl*
Coast Railroad. .-- • <;: :■
WE 5D A V s>— Leave aF. 9:1! a. m. 'i 1:4!S p. "**.
: ■ :■:.■ P.etunilng— Arrive S. c". 3:25 p :JC < 6:20 p. U.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11:30 a. M. 1:30
.' Returning— B.F. 1:15 p. i£ 4:20 p.m. 7:35 f.M. i
; Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or f-r ■"
=, ' .-^ THOS. COOK A SONS, 621 Market it., S. P. >.
[ tCU VaUsjr and Mosnt Tamaipals »c«utc Bail walk
"was a familiar figure in my fath
er's house. My father, Mr. Rutherford,
was Mayor of "Jedburg for twelve years,
and a great friend of the novelist. Many
a time Sir Walter took me on his knee
and called me his bairn, and bis dog
Madie and I were great chums," Mrs.
Truro spoke affectionately of the late Wil
liam D. H-elley of this city, and said it was
the Judge who introduced her husband to
Lincoln, who became very friendly with
her husband. Of late years her own
means had become entirely exhausted,
and she was dependent entirely upon
$30 a year, which she received from a
Masonic lodge, being the daughter of one
Mason and the wife of another, and this
sum she paid for as rent of a room. A
week or two ago she was threatened with
dispossession, and it was while she was in
these straits that Mrs. Turney encountered
her. The latter has made some effort to
raise a fund to tranfer Mrs. Truro to ft
suitable institution, but has not succeeded
in getting more than one-tenth of the
necessary amount — $200 — and recoils from
the idea of placing the old lady as a pub
lic charge. — Philadelphia Ledger.
The Roumanians are descendantsof the
Romans who conquered and occupied a
portion of the territory now called Ron
man ia.
RAHHOAT) TRAVBC
SMFRAKISCO&SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
■ Hburon Ferry— Foot of Markets*. ■
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK VAYB-7-.SO, 8:00, 11:00. A. if.: 13:3%
8:80, 6:10. 6:80 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :80 p. K. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l-.ai
and 11:30 p. k.
IDNDAYS- 8:C0, 9:3 a 11:00 a. X.) 1:30, 3:34
6:00. 6:20 p. K. •
San Kafael to Ran Franel*co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. n.t
, 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra irlM
at 1:55 p. K. and 6:36 p. ic
SUNDAYS— S: 10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3i*a
8:00, 6:26 P. it. •
Between San Francisco and Bcnnetzen Park sacaa
■cbedale aa above. .' • .
.Leave T _ -«».. ; Arrive
Ban Francisco. act 14? San Frl ">clsca
*Wmk Bust- jip.^Mtion Suw- I Wwf"
Days, J days. "eattaatlon. payb. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 AM Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 AM
8:30 fm 9:30 Alt Petalnma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 fm 5:00 fm Santa Rosa. 7:35 Ml 6:22 fm
■ • . Fulton, '.-":
f ISO AH Windsor, '. 10:25 AM
Healdsborc ,  >;.;,■?/--
L.y ttOD,
.■■i'J.v" '-■'-' " Geyservllle, - '
8:80 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:31 fm 6:23 n
' i ll i : iMeta, j
Hqpland A - ' ■ .
:30 am 8:00 am Uklah.. | 7:35 fm B:79 rn
7:30 am ~~ 10:35AJi
8 :00 am QuernaTtlle. 7:38 pm ■-■■• •
8:80 PM 6:22 T*
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 10:40 am 8:40 AM
■ -s .-■ .-■■■■ ■ and •••■-< ■ -i
6:10 fm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 US
7:30 am l B am l s«h««tonoL 1 10:40 AMI 10:2 >AM
B:Sofm|s:oOfm| S ' bMtopol - | 6:10 pm| «:2Sfm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Wmi
Springs: at Oeyservllle (or Stcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale (or the Geysers; at Pteta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and uakeport; at
Bopland (or Lakeport and Bartlett ■ Springs; at
Ckiah (or Vichy borings. Saratoga Springs, Blna
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottef
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Book*
nells, Sanbedrln Heights, Hnllviiip. Boonevllla/
Greenwood, en's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!, Wlllets, Cahto, Co«
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scot!* and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rednMi
On Sundays round-trip tickets (• all point* be-
fond San Rafael at halt rate*. ' -
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnndltfr
B. C. WHITING, ' it X. BY AH,
< Q*a. Managet. Gen. Past ■»*•*_
Atlantic
BAILBOAD j^^^^Sffi^H
Trains leave and arrive atBKBsBiHKMSJM
Market-Street Ferry. jMßj(rgpg£
Sim FEIXPRFSS. Wj§m
To Chicago via A. & P. v|Pp*£2^OUTJCs
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carr vine ynll man Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered TonrLsc
Sleeping-cars,' which run dally through to cnic.-.<a
via Kansas City. Ann -can (or Denver and Su
Louis. QSmfeMjKHqaiSP | W ail| tf39o M <Kt|^*>Hßßd
' Boston Kicarslons, via Kansas > City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White fountains leave every
Tuesday. '■'■ •■"■■■■-..■"■■ ■-'"■ ■.■■"•' ." ;■■-';' '•■ ..- '
The best railway from California to the Eait.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting teener/,
: ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. ■:%.-.- -„
1 •■" San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway. >
: lORTD PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
' (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Wnm San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1& 1391
WGKKDITt.
Tor Mm Valley ; and San Kataol— *7 tit, »9t1%
11:00 a." M.. .*1:45. 3:45. »5:16. •3:45,t>:30 F.*
Extra trips for Ban Kafael on Mondays, - Wedaß»
. day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■ .
SUNDAYS. .',
For Mm Valley and Sun 1 Rafael— •B:oo, •10:01
■ •11:30 a. M. : *l:aO, 3:00, *4:80, 6:15». V. •;-
Trains marked ■ run to Han Uuentln. , .« ' ..- .
" .-.'.: THROUGH .TRAINS."
■ For Point Reyes ana : - way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:46 It it tJ atop
•arm ■:- : ■■,-', ;• : v :- :-j ■ .-". - ■ •>•- •-• -,
ft Casadero and way stations— 7:2s A. M. w*el»
gays; I*s r. v. Saturdays. ,; ' . , ; - •:■ ■ ■» ■■■
NOTARY PUBLIC. v
CHARLKS ' H. PHILLI l>S. - ATTOKNEY-Atb
v Law and Notary Public, 638 Market si., opp»
Site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 1&19
Veil street. -; TelepHon* •■ fine " 2691. ,-.-. -
3940
THE POOD MAN'S
TURKEY DINNER
Preparations Made by the
Salvation Army for
To- Day.
Over Two Thousand Meal Tickets
Have Been Gratuitously
Issued.
All the Provisions Have Been Paid
For by Charitable
Ensign W. P. Wood of the Salvation
Army was the officer of the day at the
army's temporary quarters on the north
west corner of New Monteomery and
Howard streets yesterday and immedi
ately under his command was a corps of
hard workers preparing the Christmas
dinner for such of San Francisco's poor as
are deprived of the comforts of enjoying
that meal over their own tables.
To such, however, as are thus un
fortunately situated the doors of tbe tem
porary barracks of the Salvation Army
are open, provided they possess the neces
sary meal ticket which has been distrib
uted to those who have applied.
At present there are over 2000 Christ
mas-dinner tickets issued, with more ap
plicants in line.
To feed this number in comfort by- seat
ing each and all at table there are eight
long tables set on the second floor of the
building, with benches running alongside
of each table. On the surface is spread
snow-white paper, which answers the pur
pose of table-cloths, and at each place is a
plate, knife and fork, with cup and saucer.
Pepper and salt is set at convenient inter
vals vvitnin reach of ail withcut the neces
sity of one troubling the other by the cus
tomary table etiquette of "Please pass the
■alt."
The first installment of 500 persons —
men, women and children — will take their
places at 12 o'clock to-day, and as soon as
they have disposed of their dinner they
will retire, the tables will be reset and an
bther relay of 500 more will take iheir
places and so on until all have been
eeived.
The provisions for feeding all those 2000
or more consists of 1000 pounds of turfcey,
260 pounds of veal, 550 loaves of bread, 150
pounds of toffee, 20 pounds of tea, 250
pounds of sugar, 700 pounds of candy for
ihe children, with an unlimited supply of
plum pudding to go round.
The children, immediately after enjoy
ing their dinner, will pass into a side
room, where they will be entertained with
stereopticon views of tbe scenes of the
Hoy Land and of the events of the jour
neying of Christ while spreading the (ios
pel. As each child passes through the
doorway he or she will be presented with
a bag of candy.
In getting up this dinner Adjutant Mc-
Fee ana his subordinates have labored
long and arduously to collect the funds
with which the articles have been pur
chased, as everything which will ba used
to-day at the temporary barracks has been
paid tor in cash. In addition to this the
army nas extended its good offices to a
great many other sources of charity.
One particular feature of the work of the
army is ih? maintaining of a lodging
house at 120 Oregon street in whicn ti ere
are 325 betis Kept for the accommodation
of such men as have no means to pay for a
night's lodgingeisewhere. The rules of
this institution are that an application
must be made to the officer in charge, who
will make a careful examination of the
applicant's claim and if he shows that he
is poor and lonely, he is given a ticket for
the sum of rive cents, with which he gets
a clean bed and a hot breakfast in the
morning. But a repetition of thip hospi
tality is decidedly refu.-ed to the same in
dividual if he should make a second ap
plication within a stated period.
The expense to the army of conducting
this lodging-uonse is $200 a month, but
the five cents collected from each individ
ual reduces the expenditure from the
treasury of the headquarters considera
bly. ,
THE HIBERNIA BANK.
Each new statement of the resources of
this great institution shows that the mag
nitude of its operations increases with the
unfailing regularity of the procession of
the equinoxes.
In the sworn statement of the condition
and value ot the assets and liabilities of
tbe Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
November 30, 1896, we find the following
colossal figures.
Loads on real estate $25,951,944 47
Loans on bonds 862,725 00
United States bonds. \. 4,187.9 <4 48
D;stiict o: Columbia bonds.' 509 000 00
Miscellaneous bonds 1,945,772 77
Kt-aleitaie. 237,699 BO
Ban* building and lot 660,566 37
Cash.. 2,902.92107
Mortgage taxes, taxes and expenses 275.572 27
Total assets 536,&34,136 03
LIABILITIXS.
Owes deposits $33,518,132 78
Reserve fond. 2,593,708 99
Interest accrued and collected 822,296 26
Total liabilities. (36,934,136 03
When we consider the industrial de
pression which has so long prevailed, the
foregoing cannot be regarded other than
as a record of a California institution, bril
liant and substantial, of which the city
and State should be proud.
The magnificent building of the Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society, at the cor
ner of Jones and McAllister streets, is
occupied entirely by the bank and is a
model of the chaste and beautiful in
classic architecture. It is regarded as one
jf the city's finest edifices. James R.
Kelly is president and Robert J. Tobin
lecretary.
Knocked Oat With One Blow.
A cutting story is being told at the ex
pense of a well-known Louisville man,
niio is something of a beat as well as a
bore. A wealthy man from the East was
in the city a short time ago, and during
bis stay the Louisville man did his best to
get his friendship preparatory tci borrow
ing a goodly sum of money. He showed
tbe Eastern man all about the town, saw
that he was admitted into the sacred pre
:incts of (i c clubs and took care that he
bad a good time in all respects. The
Easterner was charmed. He had often
neard of Kentucky hospitality and his
greatest expectations were discounted by
what the Louisville man did for him.
He was no fool, however, and it was not
finer before he learned that his alleged
friend was simply laying a trap for him.
One day, when the Louisville man
thought his way to the rich man's pocket-
Dook was clear, he broached the subject of
t loan, doing this, of course, in the most
irtistic and seductive manner. The rich
man appeared much impressed, but when
the story was ended he said simply:
"Excuse me a minute while I go across
;he street and get a drink."
When be returned the Louisville man
lad vanished. The coldness of the East
erner who could announce colJ-0100 ed
that he was going to drink alone had got
under the cuticle of the schemer.—Louis
ville Commercial.
A POWERFUL BANK.
It Ranks Among the Great Financial
Institutions of the
State.
The history of the Nevada Bank of San
Francisco would form an important and
interesting portion of the history of this
City. It is rpgarded both from its career and
the character and fortunes of its founders
as being more typically Californian than
any other financial institution we possess.
It is one of the golden links which con
nect the prosaic present with the palmy
days of tbe bonanza.
It is one of the oldest chartered com
mercial banks in the City and was founded
by the bonanza kings in 1875. fifteen
years afterward, in April, 1890, it was re
organized by Isaias W. Hellman with a
paid-up capital of $3,000,000. The results
of the new regime were conspicuously ap
parent. Within the short space of three
years the surplus and undivided profits
attained the proportions of more than
$714,000. Although its stock has never
been listed on the board it now commands
a premium of about 40 per cent. These
are facts which speak volumes for the
management of the bank.
Isaias W. Hellman, during his adminis
tration as president, has won the confi
dence of tbe public. His acumen and
familiarity with financial questions make
him an authority often consulted on these
subjects. He is easy of access by mem
bers of the press, who are indebted to him
for valuable opinions on matters of public
policy.
This measure of public confidence was
manifested in a striding degree when it
became known that Mr. Hellman would
undertake the management of tbe bank.
His advent was like oil upon the troubled
waters at that critical stage of the bank's
affairs. Individuals and firms of stand
ing and power in the financial and com
mercial world quickly came forward to
the number of nearly 200 and freely sub
scribed for the stock.
Mr. Hellman is president of the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Bank of Los Ange
les, and has taken a leading part in the
management of other financial institu
tions of Southern California, which have
had a successful career.
The annual statement of the Nevada
Bank of San Francisco, September 30, 1896,
showed total assets $8,497,957 56 The
capital is $3,000,000, surplus $500,000, un
divided profits $214,237 51, due depositors
$3,645,402 82. due banks and bankers $581,
-198 07, sterl mc credits $549,276 58 and other
liabilities $7842 58.
It does a general commercial business
and issues letters of credit available in all
parts of the world.
Its New York correspondents are the
American Exchange and Importers' and
Traders' National Bank. Its London
bankers are the Union Bank of London,
limited, while its bankers in Paris are
tbe Comptoir National d'£scompte de
Paris.
The officers of the Nevada Bank arc :
Isaias W. Hellman, president; John F.
Bigelow, vice-president; D. B. Davidson,
cashier; George Grant, assistant cashier.
Following are the directors: John W.
Mackay, Isaias Hellman, Robert Watt,
H. L. Dodge, James L. Flood, Henry F.
Alien, Levi Strauss, John F. Bieelow,
Lewis Gerstle, C. de Guigne, D. N.
Walters.
SOME CURIOUS REWARDS.
Uncle Sam's Postofflce Pays Only for
Live Robbers.
Some very curious cases have been de
cided by the law department of the Post
office Department relating to rewards for
the capture of robbers of postoffices. Mr.
Milliken has just rendered a decision
against a claimant at California, Mo.,
where a postoffice safe was robbed. In
such cases tne department pays $200 each
for the conviction of the persons engaged
in the robbery. There were live persons
concerned in the affair, but the authori
ties bad no ciew to the men. If hap
pened, however, that the guilty persons
were in a saloon seme time afterward,
and one of them got into a disnute with a
farmer and a lively row ensued, in which
the farmer -hot and killed the man. The
other men ran out, but were captured by
other persons, not b-cause they were post
office robbers, but because they were en
gaged in the row.
It turned out on examination that the
man who was Killed was the ringleader o:
the robbers and had tbe bulk of the booty
on his person. His death resulted in
proving complicity in the robbery upon
the other four men. The men who caD
tured the four have been allowed $800.
The farmer made application for $200,
but it is held that the reward being ol
fered for the "arrest and conviction" of
the robbers he cannot be paid the amount.
The dead robber was neither arrested *nor
convicted of the offense. Mr. Milliken said
that it was rather hard luck, but under
ti*e law he could do nothing else.
He recalled a case in Oklahoma where
there had been a robbery and three noto
rious desperadoes were pursued, and after
a fierce encounter one was Killed, another
mortally wounded and the other captured.
The dead robber in this instance was the
loader, and had nearly all the stolen prop
erty on his person.
The others were tried and convicted and
the wounded mnn died shortly afterward.
The reward of $400 was paid for t:;e cap
ture of the two, but although Mr. Mil li
ken reported in favor of paying the
reward for the dead robber, it was found
not be in accordance with tbe law, and
was refused. Postoffice robbers must be
taken alive in order to secure rewards. —
Washington Post.
■ •— • — •
IMMENSE EGGS OP THE EPIORNIS.
Specimens Now in Some of the Euro
pean Museums.
In the British Museum, London, the
museum of the Academy of Science at
Paris and the National Museum at
Vienna, and in the several institutions for
the advancement of science, there may be
seen specimens of birds' eggs which are
almost as laree as a two-gallon jug.
These eggs are laid by the epiornis, an
extinct and gigantic bird of Madagascar.
The cubic bulk of these eggs is eight times
that ot the egg of "the silly bird of tbe
Sahara,'' which means that each of them
is equal in point of capacity to 160 hens'
eggs.
This first discovery of these interesting
relics of past times was made by the cap
tain of a merchant vessel, which had
stopped at a port on the northeastern
coast of Madagascar to trade with the na
tives. During the stay at this point men
tioned the curious vessels used by the na
tives for water vases attracted the atten
tion of the captain.
Upon investigation it was found that
these old utensils were in reality gigantic
egg shells cut in halves. Upon question
ing the water-carriers in regard to the bird
that laid the eggs and tne place where
they were procured, the captain was given
to understand that tbe bird itself was un
known, but that the etrgs were discovered
in a iarge nand bank some distance away
in the up-country and conld not be found
elsewhere, to the knowledge of the natives.
An offer to purchase all that could be
procured soon resulted in the discovery of
several fine specimens, all »t which fell
into the hands of Isadora G. St. Hilaire,
tbe French naturalist. The curiosities
were afterward distributed among the
largest museums.— Hartford Times.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
DANCED UNDER
THE MISTLETOE
Friday Fortnightly Christ
mas Cotillon Last
Evening.
Miss Geuevieve Goad Introduces
Several New and Pretty
Figures.
The Fechheimer-Lillenfeld Nuptials on
Tuesday — Moore Daace
To-Night.
By general request the popular Friday
Fortnlghtlys reconsidered their primary
decision to hoi d no meeting in Christmas
week, and the result was the very success
ful cotillon of last night at bunt's Hail.
There were several e-ther departures be
sides having the dance on a Thursday
evening. The most noticeable of the
pleasant innovations was the pretty deco
rations of the halL Christmas berries and
ferns and wreaths of holly, with here and
there a sj-ray of mistletoe, gave to the
pretty dance hall a deciuediy holiday
aspect.
Then the hours were later and conse
quently the beaux and belles took the
unusual privilege at a Fortnightly dance
of arriving a little later.
Miss Genevieve Goad led the dancers
through the fascinating figures of the
gernian. In her nk-asant duties she was
assisted by Addison Mizner, Millou
Latham and Robert Eyre.
Miss Quad introduced several figures,
among which were the hoop figure, the
Christmas tree and the wand and bells,
an original and extremely pretty figure.
It was the first time that Miss lioad had
ever led a coiiilon ana tic i he conclusion
of tbe dance her friends overwhelmed her
with congratulations for the able manner
in which she acquitted herself.
The young iauus of ihe first set included
Miss Je-isie Hobart, Miss Mamie McNutt,
Miss Laura Scott, Miss Juliette Williams,
Miss Ethel Eodgers, Miss Kate Salisbury,
Miss Helen Hopkins and Miss Caro
Crockett.
The next dance of the Fortnightlys will
be held on the evening of lie 15ih of Jan
uary. It will be a military cotil.on, and
several West Point novelties are prom
ised. Lieutenants Kilburn and Nolan will
lead.
The wejkiine of Miss Rose Fechheimer,
daughter of Charies Fechheimer, and
Alfrdd L.lienl'el.i frill be c^leoraied on
Tuesday afternoon, December 29, at the
bride's resi :ence on Broadway. Owing to
the recent death of the bride's mother
the ceremony is to be extremely private,
and omy the irumed:ate laniiues of the
contracting parties will ba present The
bride will be attended by her little cou-ins
Miss Anna Lu-ben;iial and Miss Edith
Greeneuuum. The ceremony wiil be cele
brated at 3 o'clock and the Key. Dr. Voor
sanger vvi.l officiate.
Miss Jennie Moore will ent rtain 125
of her young friends at a coiiilon this
evening at the Verein Club rooms, on the
corner of Post and Leavenworth streets.
Miss Moore, assisted by Mrs. Marcus
Gerstle, will lead.
Airs. D. M. Diimas and Mi^s Antoinette
Dslmas are occupying apartments on ;be
Rue Cristoior Colombo in Paris. Mr. and
■Mrs. Fitzs*eralu Ktnney (iiee Delniu^),
who were recently the guests oi Mrs.
Deimas, are now at Monte Carlo. Mr.
and Mrs. Delmus contemplate spending
Easter in Rome.
Mrs. Rounst-vilie Wildman will leave
for a tour ol Mexico alter the holidays.
THE ANGLE-CALIFORNIAN BANK;
The union of English and Californian
interests for the purpose of doing a local
commercial and foreign exchange busi
ness was the origin of the San Francisco
branch of the Anglo-Califoruian Bank
(Limited), which was incorporated April 5,
1873. The bank nas contributed its share to
the development and prosperity of our
State as well aa having achieved a success
for itself. Since its organization it has
shipped immense quantities of bullion to
China, India and other foreign countries.
The capital stock is $6,000,000, of which
$3,000,000 has been subscribed and $1,500,
-000 paki in. The last report of the B;mk
Commissioners testifies to the' prosperous
condition of tbe institution.
The headquarters of the bank are in
London, and the business in this City is
under tbe immediate control of Ignatz
Sieinhart and P. N. Lilienthai. A. L.
Seligman :s assistant cashier.
'- Following are the directors : in ",. London:
Isaac Seligman, E. 11. Luahington, Joseph
Sebag, J. Simon and H. H. Fowler, M.P.
The high standing of the Anglo-Califor
man Bank in the financial world is due to
the wise management of these financiers.
\L""— — «■ ♦ — — — '.- :■' -.. , -
BICYCLES AND DRESS CLOTHES.
Flannel Shirts and Tweed Suits Appear
rat English Dinner Tables. ' .
: Cycling is exercising a tremendous in
fluence, and it is one which, on the whole,
will not be recuperative, but will have" the
reverse effect so far as men's trade is con
cerned. What is the point? Why, : the
men in town are dressing as they did last
summer, in tweeds and . flannels, instead
of black morning coat*, frock coats, sum
mer chesterfields, silk hats, fancy gloves,
patent leather boots, etc. These have prac
tically vanished. The West End trade
said it had never made so many tweeds,
so few extra fine coats. All this had had
a bad effect both on profit and returns. It
is not fancy or imagination; we have
stated the actual truth without exaggera
tion.: Again, J what a i tremendous effect
the tweed ; caps and the straw hats i have
bad on the silk hat trade. '.)"■;; : '
Again,' less return and a limited trade in
the more costly lines. This freedom in
dress has led to a demand lor special ma
terials, elastics, soft and withal gentle
manly. - This kind of dress ;is donned •in
the morning that a man may, cycle, to his
club vto ;. pay 'a ■- call, to tto •to ? lunch, for
which, by the way,' he used to dress up,
and in many cases he has changed to flan
nel and vto colored ' shirts ' instead of the
costly and ? elaborate dress '* white ones.
We may like it or not, but ! the : tendency
has been greatly in the same direction be
fore cycling predominated as ;it ' does to
day. As a sport it has come to stay, and'
it is swaying a vaster influence than any
man or woman can no.v imagine on the
styles, the material and the trade. It is
hot altogether hopeful. Decidedly it is
getting many into fr^erer ; ways. -. -
• Not long ago if a man went out with a
lady he must put on a certain Kind of gar
ment, far; more costly H than ; a bicycling
suit. To-day he sails forth, whether i a
town or I country gentleman, in a soft,
tweed knickerbocker suit, till he has to
doff it for dinner, or ;as likely :a3 not he
does not take it off at all. 4 The straight
ened, particular, high drawn etiquet'.e of
society has not had a shock in all this, but
has welcomed it, and is welcoming it still;
is looking forward to its development in
the 5 future. This is palpable. Therefore
we are not to expect the old * days to re
turn. Men are going largely zxo'?. wear
. tweeds, : and the fetters once broken in
l England tliey will g follow on the 1 conti
nent " and in : America, and 3it will i lead Ito
cheapening of cloth.'though this is hardly
necessary. — London Tailor.
•> - BANKS AND BANKERS. _^_^_^_^_- ■ w _~~— - — - ~- -
S Z6^V!r, Jnargo & (jo/ s ■'■ $
\ - .*s?- : : ' -\ ' -/■•-.. '■' ;"• - ; /■ "w.
€stabl/shed 1852, fjjf
*{* tSan Francisco, CaL
0 Cash Capital and Surplus *> ~ * * * $6,250,000.00 .; *
$ JOHN J. VALENTINE - - - - - - - - - President % .
' ffo , . HOMER S. KING - • - - - - - - - - - Manager jj*.-
gr H. WADSWORTH - - - - - - - - - Cashier ifr
* F. L. LIPMAN - - - - - - - - - Assistant Cashier
*$* - noAMrHPQ $ New York— H. B. PARSONS, Cashier. ■-*$*.
?J? D . - unt::>: < Salt Lake E. DOOLY, Cashier. f&
!*f" : London Bankers— The Union Bank of London, Limited. tf?
*: ■ STATEMENT OF CONDITION AT CLOSE OF BUSINESS NOVEMBER 30, 1896. '$
T ' ASSETS. IjIABIUITIES. W
W Real Estate ..„ $662,265 76 Capital Paid Up......... $500,000 OO
■:=*.•'":■■ Bonds, Stocks =?nd Warrants 1,171,320 85 5^u5....j..... 6 .7 0.000 no fs?
Fu nlture and Fixtures 22,845 29 Sur P !us 6,750,000 OO
t%t ■ L0an5............................................ 6,124.253* 59 Undivided Pr0fit5..... ......................... 681,789 67 fffl
jJU iv ; Due from Banks and 8anker5............. 1, 105,413 62 Deposits— Banks and Bankers 956,573 69 ' fU
,$> v Seiianeous- • A 8 sets::::::::::::::::::::::::^^iSI^5o Depo,»t s -.ndiv«duai •••••••-: 4 -*° 6 - 615 - 4, v
fU T0ta1.............................. $12,294,979 O5 T0ta1............................. $12,294,979 O5 ftp
ft* A General Banking Business transacted. Domestic and Foreign Exchange bought and sold. Tray- fs+.
fyU elers' and Commercial. Credits issued available in all parts of the world. Bullion and Mexican Dollars f&m
_i. bought and sold. Collections made promptly and economically. Accounts received on favorable terms. , *•.
■ __: . i — - — — --•■■•■ — __ , — • '- : ••-•- ■• ■ — __ — __ : — , MjF'
Founded 1850. Incorporated 1891.
TALLANT BANKING COMPANY,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Authorized Capital > - - - $1,000,000
Paid-in: . : Coin - -• •-' '■- - 500,000
DIRECTORS.
John D. Tallant •••• •• • •••• • • President
Frederick W. Tallant • Vice-President
John Dempster McKee.... ..............Cashier
Kirkham Wright •••••• Secretary
Joseph Knowland, Wm.E. Mighell, Austin C. Tubbs, E. T. Brice.
/^r\nnn c r*/^ vt r\ c vitc
CORRESPONDENTS.
J. P. Morgan & Co ...........New York National Bank of Commerce.. -.Kansas City, Mo.
JJ: 7 S. Morgan & Co • :....... ...............I.London Colorado National Bank ...... Denver, Colo.
National Bank of America... '......... Chicago Knauth,Nachod & Kuhne. New York and Foreign
Also Correspondents in Principal Cities of the Pacific Coast.
Draw Exchanges and Issue Letters of Credit Available in AH Parts of the World.
| '"'■"'. THE GERMAN - •- ''! jsi ,
(SAVINGS and: LOAN I
I SAVINGS and LOAN I
.ft ■," - - ' .W
m SOCIETY. iij
III! •* t
s?f W !
11 Deutsche Spar und Leih=Bank, .'"'.;
' 526 California Street, m ,
San Francisco, California. ii ;
$ ■ flf :
<ii - t e '
W BOARD OF DIRECTORS : !
1a » B. A. BECKER, President . EMIL ROUTE. -.> _H '
iTU E." KRUSE, Vce-Presldent. ;D. N. WALTtR , . , h
!ii DAN lEL M EVER, Second Vice- A. H. R. SCH MIDT, Cashier , 
HI President WM. HERMANN, "'Cashier 111
iff H. HORSTMAN >- GtORGE TOURNY, Secretary "f ,
ill IGN. STEINHART / A. H;,MULLER. Asst. Sec. JU I
VI H. B.RUSS ; ? W. S. GOODFELLOW, General ill
" F NIC. VAN BERGEN Attorney '
iak _ iU :
THE LAWYERS OF PARIS.
They Have a Hard Time Cmnpired With
American Members of the Bar.
Lawyers in France according to a Ro
chester gentleman who has just returned
fromat%ree years' sojourn in Paris, do
not have such an easy time as they do in
this country. There, far from encourag
ing the bright young men of the iand to
enter the legal profession, it would seem
that they are discouraged and avery ob
stacle thrown in their path, the result
generally being that it is a rich man who
can be a lawyer.
"Under the regulations at present in
force there," says this Rochester gentle
man, ''barristers, after they have kept
their terms and passed their bar examina
tions, have to pass through a sort of three
years' novitiate, during which they have
the title of auvocate, but have no voice in
the deliberations 6f the council of disci
pline, and are not inscribed on the rolls.
They can plead during the three years of
probation, but it is a sort of empty privi
lege in nine cases out of ten. When an
eminent barrister in France employs a
junior it is eenerally some one inscribed
on the rolls; should he employ ihe pro
bationer the honor thus accorded him
must suffice. He does not pay him.
"But he mu3t live, and here is where
the problem conies in, which is much
more easily solved by the American or
English young lawyer than it is by his
Parisian brother. In the first place, there
is the outlay for his gown or beretta,
which comes close to 80 francs, unless ha
prefers to hire it at the rate of 10 cents
per day. Then he must engage some one
to teach him deportment, for this is an
essential qualification in this land where
Km? Et queue rules with an iron band.
The services of a professor of the con
servatory must also be called in to train
his voice, unless nature has been kind to
him in that respect. But these expenses
are mere incidents.
"He must above all not live in small
chambers and rent dingy offices. Poverty
is a poor key to open tiie pockets of clients.
The Parisian Barrister has personal inter
views with his clients, and the direct con
sequence of these interviews is that he
must be able to show them into a nicely
furnished reception-room and private
office, though he may sleep in a earret.
He cannot well answer the bell himself,
hence he must employ a servant, even if
he has no money with which to pay one.
The visitor must not see bare walls, con
sequently there must be a display of a
well-stocked law library. The client will
not consider that a lawyer's library is
often a luxury, and that the barrister's
studies might just as well be pursued at
the St. Genevieve Library, but he must be
able to glance at bo many calf-bound vol
umes.
"Voltaire well summed up the essentials
of a French lawyer -when he said: 'An
advocate is a man who for three years
studies the laws of Theodosius and Jus
tinian in order to learn the common law
of Paris, and who, having matriculated at
last, has the right to plead tor money,
provided he has a strong voice.' The only
way I would modify Voltaire's definition
is by adding that tbe modern French
client does not even expect to be asked a
fee, although he requires just as much of
his advocate as they did in Voltaire's
time. The youn: practitioner does not
hint at such a thing as a retainer, least of
all ask for it. Tbe regulations forbid it.
"Worst of all, the young barrister, once
inscribed on the roll.", has to pay a
license. This is computed, not by the
amount of money he may earn, but by the
rent of the apartment he occupies. The
result is that there are hundred: of impe
cunious but worthy young men who can
not meet the charges. In France no
career is open to them after they have
wasted at least six years in the study of
law, excepting journalism and politics.
Forty per cent of the present Chamber of
Deputies are barristers, and that body in
consequence is sometimes alluded to as
the Palais de Justice burlesque." — Roches
ter Union and Advertiser.
I MUTUAL %
>$?y . ■■ *b
1 SAVINGS BANK!
tf? OF SAN FRANCISCO, 4?
?y 33 Post Street, Below Kearny, Mechanics' Institute Building. *•*
% GUARANTEED CAPITAL - - - - - - $1,000,000 .*
# PAID-UP CAPITAL \ - - $300,000 4*
..vSC* ■ -. ■ ... . . . - ■ '4^' ■
S President, Vice-President, fiee-President, S
I JAMES 0. PHELAN. S. 6. MURPHY. JOHN. A. HOOPER, 1
$ DIRECTORS: $
S^ JAMES D. PHELAN L. P. DREXLER
*S. G. MURPHY JAMES MOFFITT *.
1 J. A. HOOPER C. Q. HOOKER X
4* FRANK SULLIVAN ROBERT McELROY £
* JOSEPH D. GRANT. 4?
4> .-,-....■ ...__________ 4*
tf? Interest Paid on Term and Ordinary Deposits. i*h </
'$*.< Loans on Approved Securities. *f*
.*■ /'".:.' , ______' - *
tiki '- " '- " jiimfHlilM^^ $i
! Deposits may be sent by postal order, Wells, Fargo & J
*£ Co. ;or exchange on city banks. , When opening accounts
*|* send signature. *•*
* GEO. A STORY, Cashier. *
8. C. BIGELOW, President. -' . CYRUS W. Carm ANY, Casbikr and Sic
AKTHUB A. SMITH. Vick-Pbks.  EDWIN BONNKLL, assistant Cashier.
Savings and Loan
SOCIETY •■
101 Montgomery St. (Formerly 619 Clay St.), San Francisco, Cal.
. Oldest Incorporated Savings Bank in the State.
Guaranteed Capital - One Million Dollars.
Capital Stock Paid up In Gold Coin - - $750,000 00
Reserve Fund ------ 175,000' 00
$925,000 00 A,
DIRECTORS:
8. C. BIG BLOW , HORACE DAVIS G. E. GOODMAN
.A. N. DROWN '■ ISAAC H. YD B T . F. H. WOODS '
" ARTHUR A. SMITH WILLIS B. DAVIS / K. C. BURR -
; ' • - " r : ; ■ ■■■■ • - : "' ;: '" ; ' ; • - ' ■ '•'--' ..- ; -' . .
Loans made at lowest rates on approved collaterals and on city and
country real estate. Term and ordinary deposits received.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
.i SU3IMAIIY OF THE MABKEXS.
¥ Silver weaker.
f Wheat advanced slightly. . ..;"".
1 No change In th» other Cereals.
Flour In good supply and quiet.
Hay »nd Feedst v as before. * : .
No business In Beans.
Borne changes in Coal.
Beef very firm.
Hides and Leather depressed.
o Wool and Bops dull.
PotHioes and Onions steady.
Vegetables dull.
Dairy Butter weaker.
Cheese scarce and arm. Eggs unchanged.
Turkeys steady.
Hens aDd Roosters plentiful and unsalable.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits stagnant. £* ' £l.s
WEATHER BUREAU BEPORT.
United States Departmkxt of Agriccl
icbk, Weather Bcbeaet, ?as Fbakcisco. Dec
24. 1896, 5 F. it.— Weather conditions acd general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to dale
as compared with those of the same date last
season:
Eureka 16.63 Inches, last season 15.38 Inches;
, Red Bluff 9.53 inches, last season 6.66 inches;
San trancisco B.B2 inches, last season 4.10 inches:
Fresno 3.64 inches, last season 1.11 Inches; San
Luis Oblspo 5.97 inches, last season 4.00 inches:
Los Angeles 3.57 Inches, last season 1.71 inches;
Diego V.73 Inches, last season 1.67 inches;
Yuma 1.14 inches. List season .32 or an inch.
•San Francisco da a— Maximum tercperature 69,
minimum 48, mean 51. Rainfall during the past
£4 hours. '.o'-' of an inch.
• The pressure is hlga this evening In North
Utah and ii lowest at Eureka. Cloud y weather
prevails »lon< the coast north of San Francisco,
and occasional Hunt showers have occurred .0 day
In Northern California and in portion 4 of Oregon
an.l Washington. No well-defined storm condi
tions exist, but occasional sprinkles of rain are
llke.i- to occur along the coast of Northern ( all
fornia. Throughout the remainder of California
ih weather wi Ibe partly cloudy. ■ •
Forecast mdc at an Francisco for SO hours
midnlg.it, December. 2s. 1896: . '1
Northern 1 a ifornia— Fair in southeast portion,
/ partly cloudy in northwest portion, with occasional
A showers on northern coast Friday; fresh generally
4 showers on northern coast Friday; fresh generally
easterly winds.
■*\ Southern California— Fair to-night and Friday;
1 fresh northerly winds.
Nevada, I tab. and Arizona— Fair Friday.
Sau rrancisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy Fri
day, but piobably without rain; fresh generally
easterly winds.
W. H. Jlammon. Forecast Official.
NEW lOItK -MARKETS.
o .- • Financial. -
', . vfav ,T ORK. K. V.. Dec 24.— The stock mar
ket was a sort of holiday affair, but prices ruled on
HJ • some what higher range during the grea.er part of
the session. The improvement in the usually
*; prominent shares was equal to 14 tol percent,
'' but toward" the close a part of the advance was \
lost. Manhattan and Chicago Gas were most 1
° "prominent late in the day. In & few of the spe
cialties sharp fluctuations occurred. United
\ States Rubber common rosa 1%, but the pre
ferred, which opened at 77% ex-dividend, later de
clined to 76%. Delaware and "Hudson rose 2
0 ° points. Consolidated Gas broke 4y 3 points and !
r after rally Ing - -Vi points receded to 141. Long
Island dropped 3 to 42 regular and was offered as
r low as 371 2.
" Tbe total transactions were only 58 848 shares,
„ and the bulk of the Dullness was done before hood.
Speculation closed firm in tone. Net changes
show advances of V«'^% per cent. Consolidated j
bas was an exception ana closed 3 per cent, lower.
! Bonds were irregular and quiet. The sal's footed
c tip $767,000. Brooklyn Wharf and Warehouse
°c lives fell 1: New VorkCetral first coupon sevens. 1
0 Vi: Northern Pacific consolidated fives. 1%; St.
Paul 1. and D. sevens rose 'i\'\: do 1. and M.
; s vens, IV* : Third-avenue Railroad Company
•"'I firsts, 1%; \Vabash, Detroit and Chicago ex-rives,
'. lVs- ' ■
id Government bonds couDon fours of 1907 sold
••; ° at 111JA.
!••*•« Grain.
vV-" .r\ CUE- Dull; unchanged. Southern flourdull,
. : ■ unchanged. Rye flour steady, 92 85@3 35.
■' • ' COKNMKAL— Quiet. Steady: nncaauged.
'•■"•. "BYE- Dull. Western, unchanged.
'•:'•■ BARLEY— Qnlei. Unchanged.
.• • . WHEAT- S, «'t- firmer. No. 2 red f. o. b., 99SAC:
-... n*Braded red. &o@sl OJ; No. 1 Northern. 9VVic;
•■ options were fair.y active and firm at %©%<•• ad
. :.• Vance.
• Jfia/ most active. No. 2 red January. 89y*c;
:.. March, 9iy 4 c; May, 87% c; July, 83% c; uecem
• ber. 90c.
• COKN— Quiet, firmer: Na 2. 28^40 elevator;
; S. Vie afloat.
; n . ' Op. lons were dull and firm at y&f&Vic advance
 '" With the West, w:tb trading only local. May only
■■• 'traded in. December and Junuary.'jyVi: May 31^.
... . u.aIS- Quiet, firm. Options dull, s:eady. i»e
-• cember, 2-JVic; January, 2:ic: May, 2414.
.Spot prices: No. 2. 223 / i@2:.y%c: No. 3 white,
•i 25c: Km 2 Chicago, 22%©2ity8C; No. 8, 20%; No.
2 white, 3284 c: mixea \vesleru, -il@iic, white
t rbt ate and Western, L2ai3lc-
 € Provision*.
>*'* last- firm: moderate demand. West
. em steam, 94 05; el'v, $ i ti- 1 /™: December, 94 05:
nominal: retin-d, dull: Continent, 84 40; South
American, 94*75; compound. 4S/g@4y c.
PohK— Steady; better demand. -New mess,
,- 88 25@8 75.
. tl'i'J fcK— Qnlet. Western ■ rreamery. 14@22c:
do factory. . 7(012c: Eleina. i2c; imitation cream
ery, 11@16%'-.
• CHttaE— Quiet; steady. Part Ims, 3%@7c
° EGGS — Steady. IcebonsP. 15ffil8c: Western
.." fresh. 20@23c: do case. 92@4: limed. 15@l.iy c.
*• ALLOW— Firm. City, 3 B-16®3S/ 8 o: country,
SVB@3B/»c.
• COTTONSEED OIL— Dull; steady. Crude, 20c;
yellow prime. 2Hc.
BlCE— Fair demand; firm. Domestic, 334@Gc;
• : Jrpan. 4y B @4V«iC.
MOLAbbitSv- Kirm. New Orleans, new, 2 34 c.
COFFEE— :O@2O pol ts up. . December, $9 s£@
9 60: March. 99 60@9 66: May. «9 60@9 65; July,
•'.. 99 70: ember, 99 65©9 70-, apo. Rio, dull,
•"' eteady: No. 7, 10c.
•' ... SUGAR — Dull. Oil A. 4@4y c *$ tb; mold
A. 4%c: standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A.
" 41/4 C: cut loaf, 6c: crushed, 6c; powdered and
cubes, 45/* c; granulated, 4*y B e.
• "• ' Produce.
HOPS— Qnlet; Pacific Coast. 3%®13c
i wool— Quiet, firm; domestic fleece, 16£23 c:
• puUed, 18@31c.
* . Merchandise. '..*•- ■'■•':
PIGIRON— Quiet; American, $11@1S.
COPPER— Firm; Lake. $11 25«jil 60. -"— -'-
LEAD— Strong. Domestic. - 3(^.1 05 ' ;
•ll^— Firm, straits, $13. Plates quiet. "■•-,..'■.
tPELXKK— DuII. Domestic, 94 lay 2 a4 25.
CHICAGO DIAKKETS.
CHICAOO, Tr,i*. Tec V4.— The wheat marKet
to-day was in every respect a typical holiday one,
« very little trading, hardly any gossip and general
Indifference as to the action - being the main
characteristics. ' The opening tone or prices mas
rather formal at the advance of 1,4 cto %c over
yesterday's close, limited receipts in the North
west, 339 cars, against 4-16 last Thursday and 678
a year ago, and an advance of 1,4 d over yesterday
in Liverpool being responsible for the improve
ment. Later there was a yielding ' Inclination
noted.
This was ascriocd to the Cincinnati Price Cur
rent's statement that considerable blending of
corn meal with floor was taxing place and the ship
ment of ■ several cars of fine cornmeal fr<>m Cn
cinnaii for the purpose mentioned Receipts at
Chicago were 30 cars and 160,614 bushels were
taken from store.
Export clearances were light «>t 129,200 bnshels.
Cosing Paris and Berlin cables were higher and
firmer. The market at the close ' was strong,
Liverpool furnishing stimulus. May wheat opened
from B l%c to 81 %c 108134 c. sold between 81 %c
and 81Vs c > closing at the outside %«s%c higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts lor Saturday,
31 cars.
■ COKN— Was steady a*, the opening, bat soon
afterward went the way of wheat in sympathy
with tha. grain. The market was lifeless, but a
few scattered small lot- being dealt in. Receipts
were 394 cars and 68.265 bushels were, taken
from store. Liverpool cables were quiet and un
changed. Exports were 842.518 bushels. The
close was firm May corn ope ted at '. s3 /B e, sold
between B@2syB @2sy 2 c and 26i/4c, x losing at ihr
top, a shad- over yesterday, estimated receipts
lor Saturday 326 cars
OAT - Extreme quiet - reigned In the oat
market. Receipts were 260 cars- There was no
wltndrawa s irom store. Aiav oats opened at 20,
bo d at 19%, closing at 20. a shade over yesterday.
.Estimated receipts for Saturday 225 o- is , ;■■■-■■'• .
FLAX— v\ as steady ana firm. Cash. No. , 1,
73% c; Northwestern, 76% c; May, : 76c to 77% a
Kecipts 18 cars. » ■.
PROVISIONS — Steadiness prevailed in pro
vision s, the feeling being derived from the hog
market. The trade. was occasional. y modem:
but it was more fr--qnently dv.l an 1 inactive. At
the close May pork and lard: were each a shade
higher, May ribs a shade lower. .
BUTTER— The butier market . continued firm
to-day. The demand for lancy grades was brisk
and offering* wire light. "i „-,,.—
Creameries— Extras, 21c V Ib: flrsM. 18@19c:
seconds. 15@lbc: imitations, fancy, 1.-@lsc; June
roods, extras. 18c: firsts, 14®15c. v ualrie«-Ex- !
tras. 19c: firsts. 14®17o: setocas. 10®l^c. La
dies - Extras, 10®llc : llrsta, »tfß%c; , eackiuz ,
stock, l-^s»%c; ron butter, : lOAcllc.
EOOS— Were in light supply and good demand.
The feeling.was firm and prices were good.
MONKY— wa» 6@ti'i on call ■ and time loans.
New ■* or <. exchange sold at par. . . ;
FINANCIAL.
) CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
V AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
v wrifcfcLocK & co.,
4 Leldesdorff St., TeL Main 1054.
. CKSTBI I, OFFICB ' i
•23 Market St.,', Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown office— Balu win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). JS TeI, Slain 339. ; , iv H . : . - . -
PBEDT & ATKINSON Managers. ./
Orders instantly : executed on ' latest i market. «jno»
tatloaa. Beferenoe Ist National Bank, a. i.
Closing; Prices
WHEAT— December, 78% c; May. 81 %c; July.
76s/ 8 0. ,
• CuKN — December, 22% c; January, 225/g'j}
22.% c: May, 2ft3/ gC .
OaTS— December, 16% C; May. 20c.
PORK— Jaaaary, 9- 77%: Way. 97 70.
j LARD— January, 93 37%: May, 8-1.
'-ULBS— January, »3 8o; May, *3 90Vj-
Livestock.
UNION FTOrKYARDS. li.r-. P»c I' 4 — The
receipts of cattle to-day were light and the demand
brisk. Prices were firm and generally 10c higher.
The hog market was steady. A moderate supply
met with a fair demand, sheep and lambs were
strong and 10c higher.
i'ATTLK - KeceiDts. 6000. Fancy cattle,
95 40@5 60: choice 10 orlme 1350 to 1700 &> steers.
*4 90;<i5 33: eood to choice steers. 1860 to 1500 to.
44 6Jf«4 85; meaium steers. 1-00 to 1350 lb. 94 15
£4 50: lair beef steers. 1000 to 1200 lbs. 98 60®
4 10: common beef steers. S3 60«53 75: good to
choice Mocker* and feeders, 80U to 1260 Ib. i 3i 3 I? 1 *
3 80: lair to *ood do. 600 to 875 to. *2 8b»
85: bulls, choice to extra. $3 30@3 75: i bulls,
poor to choice. 92 l)O(a.A *5: cows ana betters,
noire to prime. 93 t>oia.4 00; cows, lair to cnolce.
$2 40@»60: cows, common to fair can n era. 91 60
@a 36; calves, good to fancy. 84 75@a 50;
calves, common to cood. 93@4 70; Texas eras«
steers, f.2 85@3 30: Western range steers. 93 25
6.3 80: Western range cows ano heifers. 92 60
t0.3b0; milkers ana sprinierers, 1* heaa. tisi<S4U;
Texas fed steers. 93 *<*(&• 30.
iiOOS— Keceipu. 'JS.UOa Beavr pac*ln« ana
ebippine lots. $3 10»3 40: common 10 cnoice
mixed. s3 20@o 4 J: choice assorted. *3 30«3 42%;
iipbt, (3 \um,6 45; pips. (2 M&i 45.
SHE.EP — Receipts. 7,000 lutenu* to Choice.
*2 85(4,3 90 . lauiUß, *3 60@6 26.
-■-Receipt* aD Omaha.
POt'TH OMAHA. Nkbb.. Dec 24 —HOGS—Re
ceipt". 6500. Market for lights 5c higher. Heavy,
steady. Light and mixed, 93 li@3 40; heavy,
93 07%@3 20.
CATTLK— Receipts. 1100. Market flrm; feed
ers quiet, steers. 93 40&4 10; cows. $1 &o@3 50;
feeders. 9S& S SO.
sHiiEP— Receipts, 800. Market firm. Muttons,
93 45. '
Receipt* at Kansas Cltr-
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec. 24 —HOGS—Re
ceipts, 6000. Market steady: opened strong.
c used lower. Medium, S3 05©3 32%; Heavy,
«3 15@325; pigs, JS 26.
CAITLE — Receipts. 3500. Strong. Native
steers, best. $4 20@* 95: fair to good. $3 2t>@
4 20; rows and el ers, best. $2 75@-> 25: bulls,
$1 80@3 00. stock and 'eederj, $3 00@3 80;
Texas and Western, $2 66@3 85; calves. $4®lo.
BHtKP-Etcelpts, 500. S rong.
DVX'S KEVIISW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. K. V., Dec. 24.— R. G. Dun 4 CO,
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
The failure of two Important ban vB, the second
in size of business in . Chicago ; and the oldest at
St. Paul. with some others dependent on them,
closes not favorably a month which promised to
end with only moderate commercial disasters. It
does not lessen the effect of these failures that '
one was caused by enormous loans In aid of an
electric railway and other concerns In ansaleble
real estate. Since several thousand business men
and depositors are tor the time embarrassed as
much as the speculators that caused he trouble,
th- breakdown is the reverse o hopeful at pres
ent, although it come* when money marke:s are
well supplied and when no serious effect in busi
ness is to be apprehended.
other important events of the week are the fail
ure of the bllle. and rail pools to find a basis for
agr ement and the general discharge of hands or
reluctionof wage t in .ue shoe manufacture. The
holiday tiad • has been fair, but genera ly in arti
cles if medium grade. lhe reports of earnii gs
are not cheering and the aggregate for December
thus far has been 4.5 per cent .ess than ast year,
the granger and other Western roads showing most
decrease.
The fall in steel billets from over $20 to about
$16 at Piitsburg and in steel rails from $.8 net for
mi Is 10 $-5, less brokers' commissions, produces
so gieat a change in other prices and conditions of
business that the meeting held here this week for
the purpt se 01 reviving pools and fixing prices in
fluenced operations thioughout the country. But
no agreement was reached and meanwhile con
tracts have been made covering the wants of most
producers for three mouths and some for the
whole of the year 1897. and it Is said that s.ich
large contracts have been made at 815 aiPittsbarg
ana $17 60 at the East.
Keusemer pig ha declined to $11 15 and gray
forge to $9 65 at Pin-burg, while bar and other
finished products remain unchanged, though
100,000 bundles of cotton ties have been con
tracted lor at 60c per bundle- The production of
co« e increases rapidly, 9660 ovens bein« In bla-tt
with an output of 97,115 ions for the week,
scarcely any business has been done In the minor
metals, cud $11 37 Is quoted for lake copper,
$12 85 for tin and $3 05 fur lead.
In the cotton manufacture there Is further de
cline in some staple goods and takings by North
ern spinners are disappointing y light. Print
cloths accumulate and do not advance. Haw cot
ton couies forward just as it did in other in.
stances when there were great crops -ales of
wool are restricted by the general conviction that
prices asked by interior holders cannot be realized
and there is considerable disposition to unload
specu ative purchases at ssaboard markets. Most
manuiactur rs have more wool tuau they have
orders and others meet us yet no satisfactory de
mand fur goods.
bales of wool were only 2,623,000 pounds at the
three chief markets, against 5,924,. 00 for Iha
same week last year. - Wheat hen grown a little
s.ronger In spUe of the disturbance of the Chi
cago market. . Exports have been 1,471.442 b.:sh
e s, flour included, fur five days, and 8,392,587 for
four wceoLS against 8.2.27,959 for the Same weeks
last yi ar. The volume <.f busin sa, all branches
considered. Is not Urge. Payments through
cii an tg-i. oases have been for the week 25 per cent
let>B than .ast y ar, and for the month thus far the
dally average is 9.8 per tent less than last year. ' .
allures for the week have been 297 In the
Urti ed states against 322 last year, and 44 in
Canada against 40 last year.
M: W i OKK sXOCKS.
Condfi Exchange, Money and Railroad
Money on call 1%@2%; last loan at 2% and
closing offered at 2%. Prime - mercantile pa
per, 4.%. Bar silver, 65Vic. Mexican dollars,
60%(§51%c. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 83%@4 84 for
60 days and. $4 8734 87% for demand. Posted
rates, $4 84%©4 88. Commercial bills, $4 82V*.
Government bonds firm: State bonds dull; rail
road bonds lower, bllver steady.
CXOSIXO stocks.
Am Te & Cable... 85 North American... 4V 2
Atchison....—..... 13% Northern Pacific. 1»V 8
Preferred......... 22 ■ Pr ferre.l 31%
'Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern. 102 .
.".Hon. Ten Haute 55 Preferred.. 105 ■'-"
American Express 109 N V Centra 1........ 84V4
American lobacco 78% N V, Chlcagoit-5t I* 11%
Preferred ..;.... lOJLV 3 Ist preferred..... 7a-
Bay btate Ga5..... 10% »d preferred. '^6 ;'-
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 \ V <fc N H ..177Vi
Brnnswlcn Lands. % N V 4 New Eng... 45
Buffalo, Koch &P. 15 NY Susq&W.... 8%
Canada 64% Preferred ....24
Canada Southern.. 45V 3 Ontario.... a? 4
Canton Land umario & Western 14%
Central Pacific... 14Jyj;Oregonlmprovmnt— —
k lies & 0hi0....... 15% Preie-red —
Chicago Alton 160. jOr>>uon >ayiKation 14
Preferred .^....172 Oregon Short Line. 13
Cblcaeo. B <fcQ.... 705/ Pacific Mail „ 23%
Cbica«o& 111 40 Peorta. D & Evans 2
Preferred B."> Pittsburs & W pfd. 15
Chicago Ga5........ '' I'uilman Palace — 161
ClevH & Plttsburg.l62 Quicksilver IV*
Consolidation CoaL 34 Preferred 13
Consolidated Reading............ 25%
CCC &St Louis... 25% RioQrande&Westn 15
Preferred... 70 1 referred ..40
Colo Fue & lrca.. 23% Hoc* Inland 66
Preferred... ...... 70 - KomeWat&Ogden.llS
Cotton Oil Cert 10% St W.. ....... 4
Commercial Cable. 150 Preferred 9
Del Hudson .121 st Paul ;. 73ys
OelLack<fcWestrn.ls6% Preferred......... 130
Denver KG. 11% St Paul cfeDoluth.. 19
Preferred 41»/ Preierred......... 81
Distillers. St Paul & Omaha.. 47
General Klectrlc... 3 ) */4/ 4 Preferred ...... 125
Erie...... .:....... 14J»/*St I'M AM......r.H2
Preferred 32 , Silver Certificates. 66%
Fort Wayne 16a : Southern Pacific. 14
Great Northern Did 118 5 (southern X R ...... 9
<>reon 1iuy... ....... '% 'Preferred .v.. 2*SV4
Harlem. ......290. Sugar Hennery
HocklngCoal- 5 Preferred .....100
Hocking Valley... 17 Ten Coal <& Iron.. 24%
1-iomf stake 35 Preferred »0
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific ....V 87s
Illinois Central.... 81 Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa C> TV* Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred. 25 Preferred 55
Er.nsKa <fc Texas... l'J% Tol st Louis 4K 0 6
Preferred......... 27 ; I Preferred 15
Kingston & Penu.. -3 . Cmon Pac tic , oya
Lake Erie 4 Westa 16% U P Den & Gait.... 'i
Preferred ........ 68 Uis Cordage, .....——
Lake Snore. 1531,4 Preferred
National lead 2ava Guaranteed
Preterred. ......... b8 OS Express :40
Longlsianl 25 U 8 Leather. 9
Louisville ds Nash. 47»/i Preferred 6iy 8
Lonisvill^.XAlbny y4y 4 D 8 Rubber.....'... 25%
Preterred iy 4 Preferred........; 76
Manhattan C0n,... 87S/«!t*ilca 4 B River. ..lso .
Memphis & Charts 15 Wab SL 4 Pacific. : 6V»
Mexican Centra... 714 Preferred 16%
Michigan Central.. 90 jWells-Karea. 97
Minn<Sß L.. ....... Western Union.... 82^4
"Preff»rr<-0!..'.. — — Wls on«in Central. 2
Minn <fe Ht L com.. 18 : Wheeling 4 L E... 8%
Ist prenrred 76 ■< Preferred "... ' 27 ■
2d nref rred . 47 Am C" ton Oil pfd. 62
Missouri Pacific... 1 19% WTJ 80ef.. ........ 6 •;■■'.
Mob ifc Mhi0..... 19 Ann Arb0r........ . 8%
Nashville 4 < hatt. » 67% : Preferred........: 22
National Linseed.. 12 .Brooklyn Traction. 19
S3 Centra).. 99% Erie 2dpfd.... 21
Norfolk 4 Westra. : 10% American Spirits.. 11%
Preferred ...,v.16%' -Preferred 24
■ . •. ■ CLOBIXO BONDS.
Ala Class A 45... '..10 .;' Northern Pac lsts.ll6
Do Class D 4,68.104. Do 2d-. ....... 118
Alabama, class C. 96 DoSds.:;.; .r-7tr>
Atchison is 78% Do c0n501e5...... 62%
. Do 2ds A.v.v."...." 41% Or lmprovmnt Ist. :"• 86
Canada Pool 2ils. 105% Do .'.-..;.;....- 18
Cen Pac lets 0f'96.10.1.% •- R4 N Ist*. Hayi,
Cherokee 4s. 1896.102. Doconsol 6».....— '
,Do 1897 102 Or Short Line 89.. .110%
!Do 189H....V.....102 Docodsol 55..... 63%
-• Do 1899.... .V...102 Pacific 65 0. '87...
Cbes & Ohio 5s 107 -. Phtia4 Kcadinc 4s bO^s
Ch«fcN PTt Kctsßs 40 Do Ist pfd lncum. -4%
DC3 665. .109% l: Grande West lsis : 75
Den 4KG Ist 109 . ; l.«tlronMl(ienss 74
• Do «5............. 89% St L4cs KGen U5.. 1*0%
Erl^ 2ds ......... 6 .TfetsiPaul Consols.. ..1 32 .
1- tW&DenClty lsts 60 - .tP C 4 Pa Ist* ..117 - 
oH 4 a 65...... 91 so Carolina 4 %«... 102%
. X>o2d 75.......'...- 95 Southern it X Ss. .. 90%
Gen ElecDeb6s... 89 Do Pac Cat 15t5..106
H & Tex Cent Da.. .306 Tean new 85....... 80 "
THE SAN FRAjSTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.
Ho con 105 Texas Pac lsts 86
lowa Central lsts.. 95% I exas Pac 2d5.;... 20
Kansas Pa Consols 66 Union Pac lsts 96.103 •:
Ks Pal»tslJeuDivti3 U S reg of 1925.119Va
LaCousol 45.;.. ...."93% Do coupon.... 119Va
Missouri funding... D S 4s reg of 1907.109%
MKTM5......... 68 . Do^s. coupon... 11)
Do 45:............ 80% Do 25.............' 95
Mobile & Ohio 45.. : 67 Do 6s, Teg.-.. .....113%
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do ss. coupon 113 1 /2
N J Cent Gen 65.-.. 1:8 Va funding aeDt... 61%
N VCftSt Louis Doregisiered -^
N or & West Gen Calls Do deferred 6s. .Tf * ; 6 -^n
N Caro lna coo. 4s. 102 Do trust rcpt sLpd 7 "
:D065......;......120 , Wabash Ist, 5s 105%
NortbwestConsols.l3P% West bhon 45....<i07
■ Do deb 65.. 107 V 3V 3
rOKEIGN MAKK.KTS.
WHIAT IN I.IVKKPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Ess., Dec 24.— spot market
Is quiet, at 7s@7s Id. Cargoes higher at 36s Id,
sellers, prompt shipment. ••- ; •*: ■
'... rUTUBEI.
. The Frodnce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter:
December, ; January, tis 9d; February, ,. 6s
9%d; March, lOd. -
BKCUBITIKS.
LONDON. Ens.. Dec.24.— ConsoK 110 13-16;
silver, 29 16-16 d; French Hentes, 102f 35c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — 94 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight..:... . _ 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 88y a
New York 3 change, 5ight...:..... — * a %
New York Exchange, telegraphic. ' — 16 •
Fine silver, r 0unce........... _. — 6614
iieilcua D011ar5........ 62 t>-%
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AKJL» OTbEE GKAINS.
' WHEAT— Is higher and In better demand, owing
to an 'Improve at Chicago and Liverpool.
Quoted at $1 35@1 47<Vs ¥* ctl for common grades.
$1 50@l 5114 * ctl for average No. 1, 91 52y 2 @
1 55 for choice and $1 67y a 60 9 ctl lor tiu>
choice f-r milling. .
- CALL BOARD SALES.
Infobmal hEBSioN— 9:IS o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls. $1 55 1/4 : 2000, 91 653/ 8 .
kkcosd bKSSION— May— I2,OOO ctls, 91 66%;
2000, $1 65%. .
Keoulak JiioßNiifo Session-— May— 6ooo ctls,
91 60%: -^000,91 66%: 18,000. 91 555/
Ai-TEBXooN • . bKssioN — May — iO.OUO ctls,
9165%: 28.000, 91 60. ,
BAKL.EY— Is quiet at previous prices. We quote
Feed, 77y a @>5c %* ctl; choice bright, 86i4@87V2C:
Brewing, tia%&»'ya c ; ■ Na 1 chevalier, $1 lU@
1 20 * CtL
\ CAI.L BOABD BALK 3.
Informal Session— o'clock— sales,
i Second siossjox— sales. • . .
Kegvlab Morning Skssjiox— No sales.
AlfTKiixooJS Kkssion— No sales.
OATS— Tne niarutt is of a holiday character.
Fancy Feed bring as high as 91 46 ctl. ( ommon
to good Wheat ran^e from 91 10 to 91 85 V cil.
according to quality. ■■ Black, for teed, 85c@$l 10;
lor seed, 91 ?v(aH 30; Gray, nominal; Bed, 91 05
(3*l 12%: surprise, 91 6O@l 60.
CORN-Wt-ak and plentiful, with a slack de
mand. Large Yellow, 77y2@500 %i cU; 6maU
Bound do, 91: White, 85@«>7 Vie.
. RYU— Lull and weak at U2V«i@9sc ft ctl.
UL'CKWHEAT— Quoted at «i 16@1 iv 9 ctL
FLOUR AND J*IJL,LSTTJFF3.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows:, Family
extras, 9505 10: Bakers' extras, 94 90@5; super
fine. 94 IL@l TO %* bb!.
CoR.NMi.AL. ETC.- Feed Corn, 915@19 "® ton;
Cracked Corn. $19^20 %» on.
M.ILIISTUFFS— In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to tbe rade: Grabanx Flour, $2 85
V- 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 %4 100 lbs; Rice f our.
$5 75: Cornmfai, 9. 35; extra cream do, 93:
Oatmeal, 93 60: Oat Groats, 94: Hominy, 93 10
<a,X 30; Buckwheat Flour, 93 25@3 50: Cracked
Wheat. s3 60: farina, 94: Whole Wheat Flour,
93; Rolled Oats (bola), $6@6 40. Pearl Barley,
93 75.4-1; Kpiu Peas, 93 60; Urcea do, 94 Ji %
lUO lbs. '
HAY AND JfJSKDSTUFFS.
No change whatever In any descr ptlon.
BRA.N-$13©.3 60 for the best and $12@12 60
7 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9IB@I9 for lower grades and
$20321 f 1 - ton for the best.
FtKDSTUFF-- — Roiled Barley. 919 60®20;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 ¥ ton; jobbing.
9^7 60; clipped Oats. *1 40(2,1 60 %i ctl.
HAY— Wheat. «B@lo 50; Wheat and Out, @*7
10: Oat. £t<£9; Barley. $7@B 60: River Barley.
£5@6 60: Al alfa. 96@7 50; compreoied, «t>®
V t»i; stock. !f.'.i«,J: Clover, 96@3 %i ion.
bTK^W— 3S(SSOc %< bale.
UKANS AXU SKED3.
No business of any consequence Is looked for the
balance of the year.
BEANS- 91 40@l 55: Small Whites. 9l 15
@1 SO V ctl: Large Whites, 91 10@l 25 i* ctl;
ritiKs. Si Oa@l 20: Reds, $1 20@l 30: Blackeye.
SI iOfcl 20; Red Kidney, $i 25: Llmas, 91 76©
1 90; Butters. 91 25@1 60; Pea, 91 la@)l 25.
. StKDS— Brown Mustard, 92 75@3: Yellow Km
tara. 92 10W2 25 ? ctl: Flax. 91 3&@l 40: Canary
Seed, ii%@- ,ie "0 Ib; Alialia. 4(&6VaC; Rape,
2 c; Hemp, ay c.
DRIKD i'EAB-Silea, 9J@l 15 %i ctl; Green,
91 40@l 60^ ctl. '■• v
POTATOES, ,'' ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
. Sweet Potatoes and Onions are firm. : All Vege
tables are dull.
POT AT OK Sweet Potatoes, fl@l 60 Early
Rose. 70<£80c: River .Reds, 40@55c: Burbanic
Seedlings, *s(fli4oc $ ctl for Kivers and 60c®$l for
salinM.
ONIOUB— 4O@SSc $ ctl.
ViiUETAßLKS— Hothouse Asparagus,' 121^@
25c %i S>: RbubarD has a wide, ran. c at 6vC,o.
Si 60 % box; Los Angeles Summer Squash, t>@
7c ~$ Ib; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 3Ccj)4c
"fi Ib; Los Angeles Hgt; P an;, Yiy^c $ Ib: Mush
rooms, 6315 c, latter figure for buttons: Marrow
fat Squash. fb®7 V ton; Los Aniieles lons a toes,
60c®- 1 9 bo- ; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc Ib; Green
Peas. 4(aßc > Ib; Los Angeles btring Beans,
8@10c; Dried Ukra. B@9c tb: Cabbane, 40@60c **
cv; Carrots, Bo©4uc 9 sack; . Garlic, lVa®2c V Ib.
BUTTER, tHKESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Daries continue to shade oil . and
Creameries are none too steady. .
' Cbxaxxbt- fancy, 22@23c $ Ib; seconds, SO®
21C *» o>. ■-'••■ :'■: ' ' :•.-.
Daisy— 18* 20c: srood to choice, 16%©
17y 2 c: lower trades. 15®16c %4 lb.
■■ 1 ICKT.KD— 16@17c lb.
Firkin— l6©l6c » Ib.
L'RKAMhRY "1 ÜB— l7ftßlßc 19 Ib. "j : -.'•.:
. CUKtSE- Choice mild new continues scarce
and firm at 12c; common to good' old, 8@llc:
Cream Cheddar. ll@12c: ; . Young America, 12@
13c: Western, iiy 2 ©i2y 3 c ; Eastern, 12Vs®13Vic
V j Ib. .(-;*.'.' ■■ ' ' ■ * ■ ; - '.
-■ tons- Previous prices rule," with a steady mar
ket. Eastern, 24@25c for fancy and 21@22cfor
cold-s.oraKe; ranch Eggs, 26@27c for small and
medium and 27y 2 @300 tor fancy; store Eggs, 22©
25c; JJuck Eggs, UC
POUI. iBY A> D GAME.
. rOTJLTßY— Receipts of Dressed Turkeys were
light and It was fortunate, otherwise the market
wood have broken. A few sales at 17c were made
In the afternoon, but there was no snap to the mar
ket. A iar of Eastern 1 onltry sold at l'Jc for
live Tnrkeys and $5@5 50 lor Hens. ■: ■■■.:-•
As for domesti stock the market was simply
glutted with Hens and Boosters : and : sales were
Impossible hence ".arge stocks bad to be carried
over Christmas " ■ •.."  ■.: : ; , , h.--_ . :..- ■. • - ...
live Turkeys, 13@140 Ib for Gobbler*. 13@14c
$ tb for Hens; Dressed Turke s, 14@16c V Ib:
Geese, 9 pair, 91 60; Ducks, 9*@s.'s dozen:
Hens, S.V&4 dozen; Roosters, young, *3 51.6&4:
no, old. $3 50®4; Fryers, if:< 2£>(&3 60: Broilers,
S3@3 'IS tor large and $'.'@2 50 for smalt: Pigeons,
$1 Vs@l 50 %> . duzen for young and 75(a85c for old.
- GAME— Ducks advanced again. ' Large ' birds
were lower Quail. Sl@l 26 9 doz: Mallard, $6O
6; Canvasback, 85Q12 ¥1 doz: Sprig, $3©» 60;
Teal, (2 60©3 9* doz: Widgeon, :%'l®U 50 '0 doz:
email Duck, $1 60; English Snipe, $1 6U@2: Jnrk
Bnlpe, 7S< @$1 : Hare, 71 ; Rabbin, 91 i;5@150
for Cottontails and 91 - for small: ■ Gray Geese,
92 60; White Get.se, 76c@$l , 25; Brant, $ 1 26®
1 76; Honkers, 93 60@4 60 ft dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FKUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS^ :
Apples, 76@9<>c box for choice, $I@l 25 for
fancy Red, ' 36<&86c for common 1 Lady ; Apples.
Si(g,2 50: Eastern, »2@3 %i bol." '
Pears, 76c@$l 25 t* box. - -
Persimmons, 35@75c5) box.
BRKKIES— .- '
■ Cranberries from Cape Cod, 97 50®8 V bbl; from
Coos Bay. 92 2!i@2 60 %i box..
GRAPKb— 60<@$l 26 In crates. ,
CITRUS FRUIT"'— The market shows no par
tlcumr change. '-. Mandarin Oranges are quotable at
7bc©sl 25: Navel • ran<ej K'^@2 60: Seedlings, 91
@1 60;GrapeFruit,$5@6:l.emous;91@l 60 for com
mon ana $2@)2 60 %* box for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, a>4<§>4 60; California Limes, 60©75 c:
Bananas, tl(&^ V bunch : Pineapples. 9'<!£)4 %i doz.
DRIED FKIII'S, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
! -DRIED FRUITS— :. . r 
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows : ;-'.•;* ..-.-;■• ' : .',i;;-.r.'*vV^
*■•■* Carload Aurlcots are • quotable ' at '6@90
for Koyals and HV2@l2o for choice to fancy
; parks; Prunes, : Vie for the 4 sizes: Peaches,
«@si^c for prime to choice, 6y 2 <a7c for fancy and
9(^ioe for peeled In boxes; Apples, 6«4c 9 D> for
evaporated and 2@'^MsO for sun-dr.ed; fears, ay
(S-uc for prime to choice,'. 4@5V 2 c for quarters and
6<g,6Vso for halves; Plum-. 4c for pitted and HAc
for pitted; Nectarines, 3i/2@4Vfec for choice and
6y 2 c tor iaiicy ; White Figs, ac; BiacS , figs, 214
@2%c: .;.'.;■-::•:■■.-.: ,- ■--•.« -..,-■ / -:^ ,
• ■ Jobbiwi ■■■ Pbicks— Peachei, 4V&@SV&o V : Ib:
fancy; 6%@7V2C V ft: - peeled, lzy 2 c * Ib; Apri
cot a, 6Vb@9'' . $ ft> ; fancy, 10c; Moor paries. - 1 2@
13c; evaporated Apples, %C;% C ; sun-driid. \L*A©3o:'
: Prunes. 3»/4(<i.4c lor the 4 sizes: Figs, blacic, ac for.
pressed and 3@3y 2 o for • pressed: white Firs
4c: Plums, 4^@sc for pitted and 1 Vie for un,
pitted: Nectarines, 4@6c $ Ib for prime to fancy
rear-", 2V @ao for whole, 4Vs@sy a o lor quarter*
and 4iA@OV2C for halve* , .. . • -
KAIM.S.-—
k i aki.(]ai> Pbiomi— Four-crown loose. BS/»c: three
crown , 4 »/»c i* ib: two-crown, « 3*-»c > Ib: • seed
less I Julianas. , Syjc; seedless I Muscat* ls, 4tyac; B
crown London ' layers, $1 16; clusters, $1 80
L)*lie«a ■ cln-ters. > $2 50; Imperial clusters, • $3 .'■
dried rapes,' So 9 Ib.*. .;. ,<•.-;. . V
Jobbing I'bicks— Saw Francisco— Fonr-crown.
loose, 6%c: 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 3»/ic: seedless
Bultanas, : 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 4 Vie; 3-crown
Lonaon layers, 9 1 25: clusters, $1 60; Dehesa
clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, «3 25.
NUTS- Chestnuts quotable at H@loc-. Walnuts.
6y 2 @7c -ft• Ib for ■■-, s.aDOari: : and ..- 9@9y o 9lb
for softshrll: Almonds. 6@6y 3 c . for ■ Languedoc,
S©SV c for hardshell and B<gi9o for ; paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Eastern • and 4o for
California: Hickory Nuts, 6@60 $ ' Ib: Pecans,
7-iA@Bc * &>; Filberts, 7y @Bc: Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc: Cocoanuts, 4@scs luO. li|lwmj|ji|nmiiim
.. H»NEY-Comb, 10@12%0 for bright and 5@90
for lower trades: water- whit* extracted, 5@5%c:
'light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; C*rk umber, 4<£
. 4Viic: dark, 2@3c *$ Ib. - ■ ■ .
: BKiS&W'AX— 23@J6c D ft.
PROVISIONS.
All descriptions are dulL 
•t CURED s MEATS— Bacon, 6c fl lb for heaw, 70
V tb for light medium. 9%0 for light. 10a %i Ib for
extra light • and 1. 11 x h c %i tb for sugar-cured. -" Kast
ern sugar-cured liams. 12y @i3c: California
Hams, lie •W i" Ib: Mess , Beef. *7@7 60; extra
mess do, 98®8 50: family t do, 99 &0@10; extra
prime Pork, 97 60®8: extra ' clear, 916 ♦ bhl;
mess, 914 ¥ bbl : Smoked Beef. 10c Ii tt>. "
LA RD— Eastern, tierces," Is quoted at 6%e for
compound aud e@6%c for pure; 5 palls, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces. 6@5y 2 c D&> for compound and 6140
for pure: half-bbU, fl%o; 10- Ib tins. 7>40; do 6-St,
cottoLene— 6@6V*c In tierces and 7%@8y 8 c
in 10-Ib tins. ■ - -'■"■;
HIDES, TAIXOYV, WOOL AND HOPS.
- HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 80 %* lb; culls and brands, 7c Tfr &>;
medium, 7c: - culls and brands, 6c; | light/ 6c; culls
aud - brands, &c: Cowhides, -■■■ 6@6%c: ' culls I ana
brands, 6@5%c; salted Kip, 6<js7c; salted Calf.
,7@Bc; salted Veal, 6@70: dry Hides. 12@13c 9 Ib:
cnlls and brands, 9@ioc:dry Kld and Veal, 9@loc:
culls. 7@Bc: nry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins.
21.@350 each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
£0(u.25c 3* Ib; medium, l&@2Uo; - winter. 7(a)9c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@i6c each: short wool,
25@35ceach; medium, bO(3i4sc each; long wools,
(gitJOc each. ..: .',:, 4 <. •
-1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3@3V40; No. 2, 2%c
ii tb: refined. Be; Grease. 2c $ tt>. r\ ■*■■■<
WOOJ.. We < quote Fall Wool as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. B®9c; free northern, 7y a
BV3C; middle coun.ies, free, 6%@7c; do. defective,
4%@6c; San Joaqutu, 3@.ic; da foothill, b@7c;
Eastern < regon spring, 7 A /a@9c; Valley Oiegun,
11%@12%c; do, fall and lambs', ll@ll%c.
HOPS— 6@Bc for lair to choice and 9@loc i* Ib
for fancy. . : ; '■'."; - •..
tihXEKAL MKKtHANDISB.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ba~s, spot, 4%c; June-
Juy delivery, 4%c: Wool Bags, 24%(fi.a6%c.
: COAL-A few changes wll.' be observed. Wel
lington is quotable at 98 '& ton; New Wellington.
98 $ ton; out Held Wellington, 97 60 9 ton:
Seattle, '9s 60; Bryant, 96 50: Coos Bay, 94 70;
Wallsend, 96 60; Scotch, — — ; Bryan 00, • — : Com
berland, 913 60 In bulk and 916 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, 911@12 %l tun; Welsh An
thracite, $8(gilO: Cannel, 98 $ ton; Rocic springs.
Cnstle Gate ana Pleasant Valley, 97 00; Coke,
911@12 In bulk and 913 %i ton In ska. ; '
. HUG A it— The Western bugar Kefinlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: ' Cube and Crushed, be-.
Powdered,' &%c: Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c. Magnolia A,
■tv 3 c: Kxira C, 4S /8 c; Golden C, 4%c: half barrels
1/4 C more than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SAN KB AN CISCO Alii AT MARKET.
, Beef is stiff and buyers are paying full figures,
especially tor choice cattle. :■.- Mutton is also firm.
There is do change in Hogs. Wholesale rates for
dr<-6u«(l Bloc* lrom siHUghierera are as follows:
BEI-F— First: quality, ti@t{y 3 c: second do, 6®
60: third do, «@sc V Ib.
ViCAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Bc !b.
MUTTON— Wethers, «y a @7c; J£wes, €©6%c
$ Ib. .
LAMB— 7<§>Bc * Jb.
POKK— Hogs, 3y B @3i/4C ft 9) for large and
medium and i>y a &3Vic lor small; dressed do, 4%
@6J^c %l 1U ■ ->■<■:...■'
SxCCKIFTS OF I'RODCOE
Ron 24 hour*.
Flour, or ska.... 16,931 Cheese, cm..,, „ 98
heat, 0t1a...... 366 Kicks, dos  1.950
larley. cUs 4,336 Hides, no 1,073
Oats. cm. Pelt*, bdls 21
Corn, ctls 46' M Wine, crais 58.300
Eastern. 600 Brandy, gals™... 8,000
Beans, sks - i 66 sugar, 0bi5....... 1,923
Potatoes, 5C1.... 3,826 Leather, r0115.... 255
Onions, its 218 Hops, bis ...... 4
Bran, aks 2,807 Tallow, . 80
Middlings, ska... 76 Broom Corn, bU. 129
Hay, t0n5....... . 294 Lumber. M. ia«k. -v
Butter, CU5...... ' 67
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Mutton and I.amb are dearer. Tnrkevs are also
higher on accou tof Christmas. Wild Ducks also
sell for more money. Other changes are slight
Following is Tut Calx's regular weekly retail
price list:
roAi/ — m TOX.
Ctinnel 9 60@10 001 Pleasant Val 6 SO@IOOO
Wellington. — ®10 00 Southneld
Kew Wei- Wellington —® 850
lington — <aio 00 scotch.. .... — <& —
SeatUe 7 00@ — Coosßay... — ® 676
Laatle Gate, t 60@10 00
. DAISY FBOnncH. KTO.
Butter, fancy, * - Cheese, cai. 12@15
5quare. ...... ....48ia50 Cheese, Eastern... 19®20
do, t? roll 40fai45 Cheese, Swiss... 20f»30
d0.cb010e.—.»..37f4>10 Common Errs 25r<aV7
Ordlnaryao - RanchKsHcaVdz...K<'(a;B6
Pickled roll 3«J@35 Honey, comb, fUb.l2«sl s
Firkin — ©30 ao, extracusd.... tit^U
KKATS— PTtK POUNT".
8ac0n. .....;...'....12@17 Pork, fresh .12(915
Beef, choice 12(«15 Pork, 5a1t.......... 10&12
do, g00d:........ B®lo Pork Chops.... 12&16
Corned 8eef....... B@— Round Steak...... B@ltf
Ham, Ca1........12y 2 Sirloin Steak... 12Vv(^ —
do, Eastern. 15@16| Porterhonse, d0...17@20
Lard. ...... ........ 12f<Al5 1 Smoked 8eef...... — @15
Mutton b(g;i2 Pork Sausages — @20
Lamb.........,..10@1JV3 Veal ........... 10(^16
;,.'; ,.' „•■'■■.■• POULTRY AND nAMR. T^StjSfiUfSßf
Hens. each..... 40® 60 Hare, each...- 15® 20
Young Koos> ,\S ill Ueese.ea. 20® ISO
ere, eacn BO® 60 j£n>:Snlpe."tldz3 60(g>3 00
Old Roosters, Jaic Snipe. %»dzl BO® . —
each 60(3 — Qiial .%i d0z.,.1 50@ —
Fryers, each... • 35<» . 40 Mailer i, %i pr.l OU'gjl 25
Broilers, each.. - 25© 36 Canvasba k.prl ot@2 00
Turkeys, V Ib.. 1«<» 2C|Spng, %i pair.. 6C@ 75
Ducks, each... 86® 6. Teal, « i air... 80<a ;75
Geese, each 75@1 00 Widgeon, i? or Bi.(a> —
Pigeons, $ pr.. 40® 60 dmll Duck, or. 40® i —
Rabbits, * pc. 850 40 ,
. . *bdit» Avrn n-ttt*. *. ■ ,^v
Almond*, <& Ib 12016 Limes, V doz Ib® —
Apples. Vlb 4(<y 6 Oranges, $ d0i. ... 15030
Bananas, *d0«...16@20 Pears, §Ib ... bio,iO
Cocoanuts, each... AM t Raisins, y& 1b....... NOl5
Grapes, %» Ib ...... Jo@l6 Walnut* fc Ib 16® —
Lemons, * d0z....25(gi»0
■ • VKUETABLW.
Artichokes, V&Dried Okra, $ tt>..12@15
Beets, t$ d0z... ....12@15 Onions, * Ib ..;... 4<5 {»
Beans, white *Rlb... S(g> 5 Peppers, dried - . 16® —
: Colored. '£ &)...«. >@ 6! do. gre n * Ib 12® —
■ Lima. ~& 1b....... 4® 6 Parsnips, ft a0z..~i6®20
Cabbage, each 6(2.10 Potatoes, %i ft..... 2® 3
Cauliflowers, each. C(<fi 8 D.Sweni, « rb.. .S® 4
Celery, ft bunch... 6® — Radlshes.«Ulsbchs.lO@lSl
Cress,*dzbunchs. 1 2O@25:Khiib«rb. <jj» tb..... H<g»JO
Garlic, » »;: b'm — Sage, * tt>..........25®35
Green Peas, 3 &>.. 10® X String Beans, ft lUIO®IS
Lentils, ft tt> ...... 6® * Thyme, fS tb....". ..20&30
Lettuce, ft d0z....15i335 Turnips, %4 d0z....16520
.MuNbrooms, ft n;..l.">'i 20 Tomatoes, t* 10 — B*l2
Mr'fat Squash,** ft. 6@10 !
i \ ",. '■ ." FISH— PF.R POnVDw
8arracuda.......... -®10|Shad.. ......... ....8«10
Carp..-..;...... 6® Sea Baas 10®12
codfish t.;. I*® 16 Smelts I*@ls
Flounders ....lU<&> —801e5.......... 10($13
Halibut 12<a).6!Skates. each....... 5®15
Herring .......... »@lOiHturgeon ....... 10®U
Klnuflsh -.... b®ioiTomcod ........... 12®1'>
Mackerel ........ -($ — Clams, Tgn&L..;.;: — <a»SO
do, H0r5e......... —fa) — Do. hardshell, V' " -
Perch;..:...- 10®— I ■ 100. ; v;; ;......'... BO® —
Pomoano ........ -<a — Crabs, each.. ...... 12@1 5
H0ckf15h...........12(a116jD0. softshell, 9dz.26®35
Salmon, smoked... — (Mussels, %4 qrt 10®l;4
Salmon, fresh... ... 12rd)l 5 Oysters, Cal.f) 100.40® —
Shrimps ........... «(«blOiDo, Eastern, it ai.2fr(a)4o
THE STOCK MARKET
Mining stocks were considerably lower yester
day, as will be seen by the list of sales
The Pacific Board stands adjourned to Monday,
but the San Francisco to«rd will be open to
morrow.
The Occidental Consolidated assessment of 15
cents per share will be delinquent in the boards to
morrow.
The joint Confidence, Cha'len^e Consolidated
and i oiißOlldati'd Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tu.inel is out 890 feet, having been ad
vanced 6 feet daring the week. The face shows
porphyry.
No worlc having been done in the Crown Point
mine ince Decemb -r 8, no official reports have
since been issued from the Gold mil office Of the
company.
I he yi.-id of tbe Bel- her mine for the past week
amounted to 20 m Inlug carloads of ore, the average
assay value of which was 928 : 6 per ton.
ihe Confide cc mine during the past week
yielded 11 mining tarloads of ore, the average as
s y value of which was $18 92 p»r ton. Tbe • ross
yield in bullion fioin 87 ions and 840 pounds of
Confidence or* worxe I by the Bruiibwick mill dur
infrthe wee* was $ 344 46, The a.era^e battery
sample assay of the same was $18 :>8 per ton. In
he mine the usual joint work with Challenge and
Conso.idated Imperial libelnedone.
The Overman mine during the past week
yle ded 7 tons and 107 A pounds or ore from the
north drift on the 900 level, 'lhe average assay
value of the ere was C 52 4. per ton.
LOAi ALUS,
•■'■ rol'pwiar \ *ff» ; toe '• »*"*^ tho San Trancisoo
iPteckßoarl yesterday: ■' :'*■•:■■■>■?■:';■,■: ■•■•.-.. -. \
PK«ru» 1 ' J(Oi»KTiri» '; jbwtw, rn«vr«rrti n;^n.
100 Belcher _.Sß 20U Chalice.. .B9 2oo 05
601) ..... 42 200 CCA V.. 100 0nh1r...V.87
100 v..v.. .... 41 70J C P0int. ...16 200 8aTage....!27
60 .;.... -....43 iOJ G&U......26 1O»n N.-v... 40
10J choir. 7^ 10J }!<£>.. .1.16 50 Union CV. 3B
600 ...;„. ..~.77 2UO M0n0. .....20 ■ \
iJTVBNOfIX KRSSIOM— iIVf.
100 8e1cn«r....37 100 Ch0ir.^...79 200 0phir.....8S
100 B «feil.r.-..4t 10J li A C.....2.. 20 1 PotMU; 63
50 t.: ."..:.. ..4 4 10U ............ 24 aOO «a vase... 26
100 8u11i0n... .01- 900 M0n0.... 2 . 100.... - - ..'25
200 ChUar~ ...7b 800 0ccid.....0i 200 Sec 8e1, ...10
:, ollowinr wera Uiu »**«4 la tiio Paciiio block'
lowa yesterdays
"■eruß 'r-" «toy— •"Wv
SOn Alrha.. 09 200 C Point. . .17 800 0vrmn....05
600 A1ta....~.0H '200 .v;.........1K P0t0j1.....53
200 Andes li 200 Exchqr....o(s 900 ...:;. .....63
300 8e1cher.. .36 610 ii AC 2540 1 Savage.. .27
350 8A8.....-.43V50 H&N...1.16 700 Scorplon..o2
300 80d1e.....62 200 ....:..'.. iy 82008 200 SB<&M.«.IO
20 J hullioti....O^ 400 Julia 03,20 1 1- Nhv 40
800 Caleda. ..It 200 Kentck...olUoo Ki11. .....01
250 Challee...2a 600 LWashr..ol 400 ...........02
400 Ch011ar... 78 iOO Mexican «S9 3011 Uni0n... .39
SOJ CCV....1.06 60U Occiat;....()s 20J UUih...._o6
100 Conn.. ..7&55U Ophlr 8y 45J \J«;*«i..i!B
, . .. AFTKBNOOW', BESSION— T:IV
3no : >ir»ia...'.O9 160 CC*V... 1.06 100 Mono 20
20'J Andes. ...I 1 - 60 C0nr1......78 100 0ccd.;.....00
500 £elcber.:B7 500 C NY. ...01 15J Ophlr.. ...89
250 h & B 45 '±\)<j CrwnPt..lfc JOO 0vrmn....06
300 Bodle. .-!00 txcnqr ...or> >U ) 1>0t0ai....63
i<oo >.ullton.-.08 O<fcc . .._2& 2 11 bava«e... 27
100 Bulwer. ..i«9 JSO H&N...1.U iOO ...........26
100 Caleaa.... 11 50 ....;.. ...iy 20U si Kev.....4»i
100 ;...... 10 300 Justice.. -OnUOJ Union. ....39
a tO ChaUge...29 200 Kentuck..ol Utah.. ....06
250 Cliolr 7b'-00 Mxic 34 SOU Jcn.i.»..28
CLOhlNu QUOTATIONS.
„ THURSDAY. De& 24- a F. *.
fill. AtAed. Bid. A .
iifitiiiiorm.-... - C 9 Jackson 60 -
Alt*. ...~ 01 05 lolls ....„ — t'6
Ande5.""...... 11 1« lastloe. „ 04 06
Belcher 38 89 tvenmefc....... 01 02
Best A Belcher 44 4& Lady Wash,... — IS
Bt-ntou Coa.. . 06 ■ 1< Mexican....... 38 S3
Bodie 60 —M0n0.......... 21 : —
Bullion - 08 0& Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer... S8 —Occidental..... 06 06
Caledonia. 10 11 0ph1r...... 87 89
Chollar ... ... 7« 7.9 overman. .05 U6
Con.Cal*Va...l.OO 1.05 t'0t05L. ........ 63 64
Challenge Coa 29 3l ravage. _ 'Ib 26
Con. Imperial. 01' li l^ 5c0rpi0n.. ..... — 03
Confidence.... 77 — eg. Belchsfc.. 10 11
lon New YorlC — US syndicate. ..„ — OS
Crown Point... 16 17 liver Hi 11.... — €2
K&aigierraNer — U -ierra Nevada 41 42
nurekaCoa... 25 — UnlouCou :,» 40
txehequee .... — 16 0' tan.. ......... 05 06
uouiu iii. curry. 24 25 1 tuovv j*c*o~ 28 29
.Utoitdkiitpircra.l.lO 1.16 : 1
COLD IlUM^a h\C!UAXOi
600 Lockwood Con '.7
100 do do 28
100 Bavaunau „ 4S
300 do 44
bIOCK AKl> BONO JiXCHANGE,
THURSDAY. Dec. 24 -2 P. M.
tTKJTJCM 6TAXKS BOA'Kd.
},i«..4>A-eu. ■ Slit. Atkm.
V S couD.llo — U S4sres...lotf 110%
Do new issuell9 — ...
MISCEZiLAMIfOtrA FON-tM. '
Cal-stCbless.llO — Omnibus 65.. U8%120
Cal Elec L 65125 — Pacßoli Mtis. — —
C'ntiaCWes — 85 bo ad Is 65... — —
Dpot-stez-cp — -87V4 P&o By da. — 115
ldsnL<fcPtSsl26iAl27Vfe P&CuRy 6s. — 12
F&CHRB6sIUO 105 Pwl-st RR6sll2 IIS
Geary-st U&siOO 108% Heno.WL&L — 105
H C&S 0 V%s. 103 ■;— \i 6-actO &L. — 100
Los Ang L6s - 100 SF&NPRS... 100 101U
DoUnteed 6s — 101 !*PRKArIz6s 94 —
MKt-stCb:e6sl23 - — -I'KHCaI 63. — 113%
DoßyLon 05.105% 10 6V4»^8K< alss. —,100
NatVln6s Ist — 100. PBrßCal6s. 971,4 -
NevCNgß7s.loo - — ' Water 61.118% —
N PCRRbs. 1001/4105 !sV\Vaier4s.- 99 89%
NBy Cal Os.lOOVa - StktuG<fcE«j -102
NRy Lai 6s. - 95 sunstld: 6s. — —
OakGas6s.. — 104 >utter-stR6s.HO —
Do 2d Is 63... 106 — r VisnliaWi;** — ; —
W»TKR STOCKS . .
Contra Costa — ;86 iSan Jose.... — ' —
MarlnCo..... 49 — |!Sprng Valley 67% 97%
■"" -gab STOCKS. '. ■;;.-.■ : • ■ •• -■■ ■
Capital. — 35" Pacific Light — 49
Central 96 "••••— '' San 1- rancsco 97% 8784
OalcOLt&H 63% 64 Stockton — 20
P*c>as Imp bl>% bO
■" INBUBANCE STOCK 3.
Fireman'sFdl6s . — |Sun — —
COMK&BCIAI. BANK STO"KI.
Aroerß&TO. — — LondonPAA.l2B 128
Anglo-Cal 53% 59 I.ondon&.-iF. — —
Bankof Ca1..238%240 MercbEx.... 12 —
CalfD<fcTColo6 109 Nevada...... — —
First Nation. 186 jSather B Co. — —
RAVINOS BANK STOCK).
nor"ALCo. 1400 1580 SavAloan.. — 105
HumDS&L.IIOJ — ■ Security.... ..2so —
Mutual — 41 Union Trust. 770 •"—
tSFsav Union — 600
. STBKXr BArXBOATt STOCKS.
California... .lo? 110 lOakSLAHay — 100
Geary 5t.... .. •■■ — ■■' 60 Fresld o 6% — •
Muriet-5t.... 43% 44 |Sutter-at..... — —
WWDEB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — — IGiantCon.... 21 22%
Eastern D.... 77 81ViJud.on D — —
CalUornla.... 75 — iVigorlt. — 90c
~ MISCKI-I.AXBOtJ9 STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. — 100 Nat Vln Co.. — . HVa
BlkDCoalCo. — — ceanlcSSCo 201/4 ; 22y a
Cal Co Mills — — Pac Aux *' A — : 4 :
Ed, son L1ght124%125y 4 HacßoraxCa 95 —
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Parf PalntCo — 7
HawC&sCo.. — ITA PacTransUa — —
Hutch SPlo 28»/i 24 PacTdtTC.o — —
MerKxAssn.. — , 110 - Sunset TAT. — —
M Elec Light 6% 7 t United C Co. — —
BALES— U.OU.SHS* BjLKilJji. y
. Foarfi— --■ '.■'-'= ■■ .5 ' '■•-: ,
0 Edison L18htAP0war C0. ........... 124 75
. 60 Hntchlnson 8 P C0................~- 1.4 CO
10 Mutual Electric Light 7 00
10 8 V ttaslight...... ;.. 97 7a
SO »V Water • »7 62%
':- Klrepi — v - ' . ' •". . - ■
60 Hutcblnson 8 Co 24 00 '.
15 Pacific Gas imp....;.. US 60
' BALIWO— A »TJ£UafOO* -.taiiiH.
- Foarfi— ."■'• -.-v , ..•• V " ■ ;.' '■ •
50 Edison Lteht St Power C 0....... 125 00
35 Mutual Electric Light. 7 00
Uri — ■'- ' ':•'■ V
25 Hutchlnson 8 P C 0.. ............ ...^. 24 00
SEARCH FOR GINSENG.
Northern Woods of Michigan Furnish
; ' an Industry Fostered by China.
Grand Traverse County claims the ; dis
tinction of being the borne of an industry
of considerable importance which is but
little V known. > This ■ us try consists ;of
gathering; ginseng .for exportation to
China, where it is almost held in sacred
reverence, the Celestials believing it to be
a cure for about all the ills which afflict
humanity.- . '
J The ,5 Traverse City I Herald -■' says that
from C the middle' of July until late in
October the Indians/ as well as many,
white residents, L devote their time to
hunting for the ginseng roots which are
to be found only in the dense forests
and which will not stand cultivation or
thrive in the openings. These hunters
dry the roots; and bring them in baes to
the local druggists, who in turn ship them
to the jobbers, by Worn tney are for
warded to the Chinese markets.
The dried roots bring from $2 75 to $3 a
pound, and the green ones bring an aver
age of 80 cents a pound. A considerable
sum of money is paid out 01 them at
Traverse ?. City : every season. The best
quality of ginseng root is found in North
ern Michigan, ; although the ; root is to 'be
found in other sections of trie United
State -. :'■■.' ":■".■'.,; '"\ Z ■'.':
An examination of the best roots shows
that "■ in shape '.bey resemble , ; : the " human
body. The Indians have giver, them the
n;i me "A-ne-she-na-ba'Belwang," which
means "the little Indian." Tue Indians
have many superstitions about this root,
believing, among other things, that unless
an offering of some kind is made to it it
will, if dag, exert an evil : influence ■- and
even bring ° on war. v In order to appease
this evil spirit they always scatter a little
tobacco in the hole from w. icb , the root
is dug as ' an inducement for It to grow
again and also to avert any evil influence
which it might otherwise exercise. ;
- Under no circumstances can the Indi
ans be induced to use tue root themselves
for medicinal purpose"." although 1 they
have faith in the curing properties of
many other kinds of roots and herbs. -.
It is not generally known that the name
"ginseng" : is , the anglicized , form of the
Chinese "gen - sang," although it ' has a
foreign sound. The Chinese are the only
people who have any use for the root, and
they, too, are full of ; superstitions con
cerning it. All classes of the Chinese use
it, it being. the most favored potion of the
high st mandarin us well as the lowliest
coolie.^Tbey. believe that if they carry it
v wi h them on long jo'irnevs it will give
them strength and health and keep them
from all misfortune. They believe that in
whatever form water- appears in the body
it is governed by the veins, and ginseng so
tones them up that they keep the other
organs in a normal state of saturation and
the animal spirits flow freely.; .\; ; ; .■.'■;■ .-,,-,
: : They also ; believe ; that the . nearer the
root resembles the human form the more
efficacious it is. They say that the genu
ine root will have two offshoots near the
crown to represent the arms, while about
the middle it will bifurcate to represent
the :le :s. It ;is v the opinion of .; all the
Celestials that tbey never get the genuine
root, as (. that ' grows only in the garden of
the . gods, . and ? their druggists \ tell ' them
that 1 only earth-crown y imitations can be
procured. The roots, they say, have the
power of concealing themselves from the
eyes *of trie curious, f and • a few of i them,
whose - natures are ' entirely pure, can at
night see the \ halo of spiritual essence
which it put- forth; thus locating it, they
can unearth it at daybreak. This i pretty
idea would doubtless be dissipated if they
could '■■ once ■ see ; the l Indians <of northern
Michiean hustlinc through the forests and
diggiDg the eacred roots by the bus>hel.
« »—.» — .
NEWS OF LINCOLN'S DEATH.
How Jefferson I>tvis Received John
ston's Dispatch Announcing It.
A boat April 18, 1865, I was sent under a
flag of truce to Charlotte, N. C. Entering
tbe town with £. M. dark, a member of
my company, as an escort, we were con
ducted to headquarters, a large upper
room, evidently a schoolroom, where the
guard pointed out Genera] Ecbola. a portly,
tine-looking man, commander of the post.
Removing my hat I advanced to where
General Ecbo!s sat at one end oi a long
tab le and laid my dispatches on the table.
"General Ecliols. I presume. These dis
patc es are from General Gillam. Shall I
wait for an answer?"
"Please be seated," the general said.
Glancing around the room I saw sixteen
or eighteen gentlemen, all, with one or two
exceptions, in military uniform. Colonel
Cal Morgan, who had been our prisoner a
few months before, came to where I was
sitting, and shaking bands said : "I believe
you and I are not altogether strangers."
While we chatted a gentleman in a civil
ian suit turned 10 address General Echols.
The cold stare of a gias- eye caugnt my
attention, and the features were not un
familiar.
"Ohl Jeff Davia, and you here,' pressed
to the wall," was my first thought. I saw,
however, a mucli pleasanter-iaced man
than oar Northern papers had pictured. A
sou! of kindly impulse beamed from every
feature.
A dispatch was* handed to General
Echols, who read and reread it with an
anxious, earnest look upon his face. Half
rising, he passed the paper to Mr. Davis.
General Ecliols sat at one end of the table,
with two gentlemen between him and Mr.
Davis. Mr. Davis read it slowly and,
handing it back, remarked, "Well, we
have lost a gen tous enemy." I paid
little attention to what Mr. Davis had
said, suppo-ing one of our Northern
generals had been killed or died. The
dispatch went tbe rounds, finishing in
Colonel Morgan's hands, who asked Gene
ral Echols, if consistent, to allow me to
read it.
"Oh, yes; give it to him," he said. I
read:
Greensboro, N. C. April—.
Lincoln was assassinated the night of the
14th, in Ford's Theater. Seward was assassi
naied about the same time, in his own nouse.
Grant has marched his army back to Washing
ton to declare himself military dictator.
J. E. Joh> - BT.on.
I cannot recall tbe exact date of the dis
patch. But it necessarily traveled slowly,
at we bad cut all the teiegraph wires,
burned bridges, torn up railroads and im
p> ded travel as we couid.
In laying down the dispatch in front of
General Echols I remarked casually,
"Pretty good pill, general; but too thickly
coated." I presumed it was a doctored
dispatch, intended to encourage their nun
and dishearten ours.
It was not long until Mr. Davis left the
room and several others followed. Gen
eral Echols asked, "Mr. Thomson, where
is Burbriuee and his niggers?"
"Just back of Lincolnton," I said I was
somewhat incensed and retaliated with,
"I see you have President Davis with you,
General."
Looking around the room the general
said, '*No, Mr. Davis is not here."
"But," said I, *'he was here a few min
utes aeo."
"Mr. Thomson, I am surprised at your
asking any such questions while here
under a flag of truce," said the general.
"Oh, I beg pardon, general; you broKe
down that bar by asking about Burbridee
and hi* niggers."-
General Echols, smiling, said, "Yes,
President Davis is with us."
Soon after we partook of a hearty repast,
furnished by Mrs. Echol3, and look our
departure for our post.
A. H. Thomson,
Late Lieutenant E Corapanv, Twelnh
Ohio Cavalry. — New YorK Sun.
The father of biograpny was Plutarch.
Critics are generally agreed that the model
biography is ihat of Johnson by Bosweil.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
December, 1890.
Bu.
Mo.
|Tu.
|W.
[Th.
I Fr '
,Ba.
Moon's Phaaei
I
■ -
—
1
2
3
4
5
©New Moon.
Dee*. .-
Its?
7
8
9
10
11,
12
ft Firs: Qaarc
v-y Dec. 11.
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
i --^ -■"
f3\ Full Moon.
■£J Dec. 19.
20
21
22
23
24
25
20
/f*\Last Quarter.
4w Deo 27.
27
28
29 I
SO
81 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dntva of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMER | DK.sriSA.rioN-. j
SAILS.
I PIBR.
Orizaoa
Coos Bay...
Mexico......
Arcaia
iaralion....
Homer
corona
P0m0na.....
Aoapuico...
SiH.e ot Ual.
BelgiC :.:;■..:
Australia...
Kureka
City Paebia
CzTlna.....
Santa Bosa.
Sunot .■;.-;
Colombia. ..
Mexic0.....'..;
N»-wpori .
Vie <£ Pat Snd
Coos 8ay...*..
Yaaaina Hay.
Y&quina Bay.
San Diego.
Homboldtßai
Panama.......
Fort and ......'
Ctiiun<£ Japan
H0n01u1u......
Newport 1 .
V i c. A Pgt Snd
Coos 8ay......
nan Diego.. ...
Grays Harbor
Corel ani
Deo u.s. 10a n
Dec 26. lam
Dec 26, Bam
Deo 20. 4pm
Deo 2& Dm
Dec 26," 6pm
Dec 27. 11* v
Deo 27. Urn
Dec 29,1'J v
Deo 29.10 aif
Dec 29. Ipm
Dec 29. 2pm
Deo ay. Va><
Deo 30, 9am
Deo so, 6ph
Dec 31.1iam
Jan 2. 12 M
Jan ill r »v
i'lerll
Pise 11
Pier 3
Pier 13
f ier 3
Pier 2
tie* 11
Pier i
PM H S
ii J i»r 24
P M BS
Pier 7
Pisr 11
Pier i
Pier 8
Pier 11 ■
Pier J
■•!.■» II
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STi AM KB
From
Du.
Albion....
Protection
Procreao..
City of Everett.
H0mer..;;..;...
C0r0na..........
Farallon ......
P0m0na ........
Siate of CM....
North Fore...
Cltv Paebla
Costa Rica.
Truckee ..v...'..
A111aii00. .......
Knrslca_ .......
P*rn ...........
Cleone .........
Czarina;........
Kama K05a.....
A1cazar....".....
Columbia ......
Walla Walla...
C010n ...........
Crescent City...
Coos 8ay. ......
Del- Nort«
Arrntu .....<
TiMamooK Bay.
Tillamooic 8ay..;.......
5eatt1e. ....;...;.;. .....■>.
Nan a1ma ..... ..........
Yaqulna Bar..
San Dieg0......... .......
Vaauina iJar ............
Hnmbold: Bay.
Portland.
Hamboldt 8»v. .........
Victoria <& facet (Sound
Departure 8ay..........
TlllamooK 8ay..........
coos 8ay................
Newport. .:........
China and Japan ........
Crescent City ; .. .
Coos Bay
San Dl*"o ...»....;...,
Grays Harb0r.....'.....'.
I ortlana. ..;"......... ;..:
Victoria <S Pueet Bound
Panama.................
Crescent City
Newport..'.. ..:
Grays Har00r. ..........
( 'oos Bay .'S'^rsBWBBM*
..Deo b
..Deo 25
..Dec «5
..Deo 25
..Deo 25
..Dec 25
.Deo i 5
. Deo 28
..Deo 26
..Deo 26
..Dec 26
..Deo 26
..Dec 28
. Dec 26
..Deo 27
..Dec 27
..Deo 28
..Dec 19
..Dei 29
..Dec 30
.Deo. 31
..Deo 31
..Deo 31
..Jan 1
. Jan 1
..Jan 1
Jan 2
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. S. Coast and Gkodktic BtravieT Tnw>
BUILITIS Published BY OFFICIAL ■ V
AUTHORITY OF THE SurEBENTKNDKiJI. )
December— lß96.
Frlda.-, December 25.
Son rises .......... 7.241 Moon rises.. IO.SIfk
Ban sets 4.57 1 .Moon sen.
I Iln Fee:
; h-w
H v W
! I,'W
16
;7
.'8
4.W» 5.3 ».. 4 .xT 3.05 S?J 5753 1 6
4.46 6 3 10.45 1.2 4.35 ,8.5 10.31 1 7
5.23 6.4 11.40 ' 0.9 6.00 * 3.4 11.20 2 3
6.05 6.6 1a.67 0.1 7.40 37 .. ..
L W ; - a W s 1. .v ■;..:- h\V *""
0.15 2.7 6.5! 8.7 ; 3.03-1.0 9.01 8.9
1.15 2.9 7.40 6.9 3.00 —16 1 .14 4.<
2.18 3.0 ;B.iiß c.l 400-1.9 11.14 4.8
19
Not*— In th* above exposition of the tides th»
•arly morning tides ar» given In the left hand
folumn, and the successive tides of the day in th*
order of occurrence »i to time. The second tins*
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column th* third tide, undine last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the d»y except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. Tiie heights given are additions to th*
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
Charts, except when a minus sign (-) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtract Ive
worn the depth riven by i he chart*
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hv-drographic
Office located In tha Merchants Excnantcn Is
mas uta. nod in Kan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
enenae.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit, the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
direc lo is of the world are kept on nan I tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
oan always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all mailers of Interest to oc^an
commerce.
The time ball on top of the bonding on Teie
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each Jay trom the
United States Naval Ob erva.ory a;. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or givln? the error, if any, is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the rnorniug papers the following lav.
W. s. Hughes,
Lieutenant, U. & X., In charge.
The. Time Ball.
JEBAJTCH HVn«O«RAPHTO OTFtfiK. C 3. X.. 1
Merchants' EICIU-Wm [■
Sak >Kancl6CO. DecemDer 24. IS3I. )
. The time ball on Teiegraon HIU was aroppat
exactly ac noon to-day— L c.. ai. noon of the L3DM
meridian, or exactly »l a c. m., Greenwich lima. - -
-• W. S. Hushes.
L'^ntenfint U. S. N« lni'iiarj».
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrive 1.
THURSDAY. t)»cember 24.
Stmr South Coast, Hansen, 40 hours from
San Pedro; balla t, to J R i limit
Stmr Suno . D timers. 9< hours from Grays
Harbor; 3 JBS c< salmon. 240 M it lumber, to Uraya
Harbor Commercial Co.
StmrNavarro, Mil er. 41 hours from Hueneme;
proituce. to Erlan?er <fc Galin^er.
Stmr Point Arena, strand, 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mils.-, to Men
docino Lumber Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 62 hours from New
port: pass and mdse. to Uoodall, Perkins <£ Co.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 17 hours irom a. iron;
2i5 M ft lumber, 1000 railroad ties, to Albion
La m ber ( o.
Stmr Bonita, Reed, -18 hours from Coos Bay,
etc; mdse, to o C it X Co.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 32 hours from Eureka;
Shins es. to Ciias Nelson.
Stmr Arcata, Cousins. 54 hours from Coos Bay,
pass and mdse. to O C «fe X Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leinn>l. i 9 hours frm Mos^ Lauding,
etc; produce, to Ooodall. Perkins <fc Co.
May Flint, Mickels. Jstj days from New
York; m ise. to wilha 1 s, Dimon ■ <S Co.
Br ship sim a. Davidson, l;u days from Liver
pool mds», to Balfour, Guthri • & Co.
Schr Christina Steftens, Nordling, ± days from
Fis.- Mlii; wnod and po-Oa 10 R A Gllbrlde.
Schr Azalea, Fardelius, 19 days from Ta. oma;
lumber to Hanson <fc I o
Scnr Czar. Hutman. IS days from -^an Bias: 23
sks si.vet: ore, to !-:eiby smel.iai; auJ Lead Co.
k- leared.
THURSDAY, December 24.
Stmr Mexico. Thomas. Victoria and Port. Towns
end: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkioa & Co.
RtmrCoos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro; Uoodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Empire, I>elson. Astoria; SPSS Co.
l.r snip Miitiades, Ayllug, London; Lieo W Mo-
Near
Br ship Alcinous, McCormaig; Sydney; WU-
Hams, Brown & Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. December 24,
Stmr Columbia, Con way, Astoria.
Btmr Noyo, Levmson. Fort Bragg.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Hansen, Nanalmo.
Tele|;rapb.io.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 'J4.— 10 r. ic— Weath«:
thick; wind W; velocity 6 milei
I)orae*tic, Port*.
GREENWOOD— Arrive! Dec 24— Stmr Green
wood, hence Dec 2'J.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Pomona, hce
hence Dec 23.
sailed Dec .'4— 3tmr Farallon, for Saa Francisco;
stmr North Font, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 23— scur Maria E Smith,
for San t'ranclsco.
Arrived Dec 23— Brstmr Braemer, from Yoko
hama.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Jewel, fm
Caspar.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dae 24— Schr Wm Renton,
for Newrot.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 24— Bktn Om:ga, hce
Dec 17,
CASPAR— sailed Dec 24— Stmr Caspar, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA-Sailed Dec 24-Br shi|i Rockhurst,
for Uneenstown; Br stmr Monmoutbsaire, tor
Honerlcofis and Yokohama.
IVKRSEN'S LANDING— SaiIed Dec 23-Schr
Arthur I, for Sau Francisco.
NaVaßßO— Saiied Dec 24— Stmr Alcatraz, for
San Pedro.
REDON' DO— Sailed Dec 2-I— Scnr Emma Claa
dlna. for Kureka.
PLiRI H a DLOCK- Arrived Dec 24— Schr Ethel
Zane, from San Pedro.
sailed Dec 24— Bktn Retriever, for San Fran
cisco
V AQtTINA B AY-Arrlved Dec 24— Stmr Tllla
mootc, hence Dec 2L
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 24— Br bark Beeswing,
from Montevideo.
COOS BAY- bailed Dec 24-Schr Gotama, for
Ban rnnclsco.
BOWENS LANDING— CaIIed Dec 24-Schr
Monterey, for Sau Francisco.
For» -t 'ort-.i.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Dec 22— Ship
Sauta Clara, for San Francisco.
V A NCOOV.fc.R- Sailed Dec Br ship Senator,
tor London.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Sto*»Tn«M.
NKW yohk— Arrived Dec 24— Simr Werken
dam. from Rotterdam.
sailed Dec 24-Sttnr Patria, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Dec 2i-3tmr
Spree.
bailed Dec24-Stm- Aller. for New Yor<.
AM>TERDaM— Arrived out D«c i'4-Stmr
Schiedam.
LONDON— SaUed Dec 24-Stmr Manitoba, for
New york.
PKAWLE POlNT— Passed Dec 24-Stmr Edam
from New York, for Amsterdam.
Importations.
HUENEME— Per Navarro-16 cs honey, 2643
Sks corn, 2086 SKs uarlev. 13<!2 sks beans.
COOS BAY— Per Bonita— 4 cs cheese, 3cs mdss.
9 rolls leather, 493 sks potatoes. 9 cs cheese, 17
bals bides. 27 bead cattle. 1 call.
NEWPORT- Per Coos Bay— 36l sks popcorn,
149 bxs oranges. 26 bxs lemons, lOcsegzs. 10 bbla
sweet potatoes, 4 sks nuts, 50 aka peaauta, 6 bbis
potatoes, 1 sk coffee. 3 pk«s mdne.
Kast San Pedro— 43 bxs oranges. IB bxs lemons.
Hueneme— 3 bJls trees, Ibx thread, '6 coils wire,
11 pcs sheet iron, I bbl whisky.
San Pedro— l7 .s sks barley, 50 bxs oranges, 5 cs
eggs.
Los Angeles— so cs cream, 35 cs eggs, 8 bxs bufc
ter. 14 cs canned KOods, 1 pkg mdse.
Ventnr.4— l4 cs eggs, 3 bdis hides, Ibx notions,
49 bxs lemons. 1 cs fowl, 83 sks peppers, 7 pkgs
hardware, les saddlery. 14 sks beans, 2b sks dried
fruit, 17 sks waluuis, 7 pkus agrl ultural 1 n pie
ments. 1 bx butter, 1 pkg mdse. 270 bxs oranges.
banta Barbara— l eas e glne, 116 111s iemons, 24
bxs oranges 9 sks crawfish. 8 obis mineral water.
Gavioia— l ox clothing, 1 keg oilvej, 1 bx but
ter, 27 sks crawfish.
Port Harford— 2o bxs butter, 17 cs eggs, 4 bd!s
bides and pelts. 144 sks beans. 1 coffee mill, 1 bx
dry goods, 2 wheels. 1 bx lruit, 1 cs cigars, 1 slot
machine, 2 bxs hardware, 45 sk3 barley, 8 bxs
fish.
Cavuco?— 22 bxs butter. 8 cs eegs, 1 sk raisins, 4
coop chickens, tt odls hides and pel:s, 1 sk beaus,
4 sks potatoes, 1 sk beans, 14 dressed calves, 1
tub fish.
San -imeon — 1 pkg trees, 1 bx cheese, 1 picg
castings, y% bbl app es, 7 dressed calves, 'I sks
abaloaes, 1 ox mustiroums, 1 sic qua.l, t cs eggs,
29 bxs batter. 1 bx tomatoes, 1 coap turkeys, 1
shaft.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— l cs cigars,
50 pkgs mdse, 2 coops chiCKeus, 6i bxs butter, •
bxs (ish, 23 ptcga tools. 7 cs eggs, 1 hide, Ikes
liqnor. 26 bxs apples, 5 sks pota oes.
Mendocino— a baies 1 sk wool, 12 pkss mdse. 2
sks aualun s.
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l bx bettor, Ics
tea, 1 cs agateware, 1 bx chocolate, U sks wood,
238 sks potatoes.
Monter y— 4 sks vegetables, 1 bx soda, 3cs
hon<-y.
Santa Cruz— 7. roll leather, 4 bxs 17 bbls glue, 1
bx butter, 2 sks zinc, 87 sks rags, 2 sks S lead, 12
cs cheese, 300 bois lime, 2 sks rubber, 1 sk cop
per.
Amesport— slß sks barley. 1354 sks oats, 298
sks beans, 1 26 sks potatoes, 21 hides, 2 bdls pel s.
COOS BAY— Per Arcata-450 tons coal, 103 sks
mdse, 2 bars Iron.
Port Orford — 3 pkgs mdse, 1 salt hide, 1 sk hard
ware, 2 pkgs express, 1 sk coin.
Consignees,
Per Navarre— Erlanger ifcUalinger; H Dotard 1
Porter Bros <fc Co.
Per Honlt I— McDononghAßunyon; J C John
son; H Klrchmann & Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co;
ThoniiiS Loiuuran; W BSumner & Co; J caoen
feld: Otto Srhroeder.
Per Point Arena— Ross A Hewlett; Denmsnn <ft
Wi son; Dairymen's t'nloi: Norton, Teller & Co;
O B Smith <& Co; Rohlffs & Gerdau ; J fin ton; W
E Heed: Standard oil Oj : .-e^uen, BucKner A
Co: C E Whitney <fe Co: F Rlley; LJLKeed; L
W Seeiey; W BSumner&Co; A Jansen; Califor
nia Wine Assn: W Hey wood; J hhoc%: O -outh
ard: L L Hunter S-oreuson: ALTasi&Co; G
E Plummer <fc Co; Kul s, s & Co; E < Dudiey.
Per Coos Bay— H Duiard: Na*h & Boesenecker;
Flac -i <fe Hlrsrtfl^ld; D Blagi <feCo: Schilling A Co;
CE Whitney ACo ; McDonougb <fc Runyon; David
Devoto; L Scatena <fc Co: Gray & Baroleri; Phelan
<&Ft,h: C >uiomou: Baker & Hamilton: Wil-ioa
Kros: Dalton Bros; W A'iitlnnd <t Co; J Murray;
Min.iKer & Welbanks; J S Levy & Co; H Us Bros;
Dairymen's Union; E R Stevens <fc Co Duval A
Carroll; G San ,-uenet. 1 : H ss, B.irucn & Co; JM
Moore; J Ivancovich & Co: Riv r Express; Labor
Exchange; J P Thomas: J Dcmartini: M E Kel
sey; Hlimer, BredhotTiS S nu z L D Stone & Co:
Aoramson. H&Co: Campodonlco & Malcolm; D
T yu.livan: HooKer <fc Co; Uan- a & M nc«ini : J M
Moore; Whlnev's Express; Porter Bros & Co ; F
Whelan: Gould <fe Jaudin; O BSmita A Co; .- o a
Brush; Allen & Lewis: W B Sumner & Co; George
A Brush; Kowalsky A Co: U beatou. Ureon <&Co:
Bruer A GrassbofT: American 'ly 1 c Koti 1■ 1 r -- : H
Clliton; American Union Fish Co: Milanl A Co ; A
Levy &Co Levl Spiegel A Co: APaladinl: OK4N
Co; M T Freltas A Co; J B Inguit la: H McNea.ey;
BlsslngerdE Co: Bngham. Hoppe « Co; X Stranss;
Wheaton, Breon & o. H Kirchmann <s Co; U.-t
A Co; Witzel & Baker; Dunham, Carrigan A Co;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; sol Knhn A Co; J D camn>
bell: WolfA Son; Marshall A Reim rs; A Wy*s:
De Bernard! A Co : Dodce. Sweene <&Co; Judson
i- mi Co; Cba^ Montgomery A Co: Geti Bros& Co;
Marshall, Teggart A Co; Hooker & Co; C N.>uman|
Felling, Cressy A Co: Russ, Sanders <6 Co: H H
ata r & Co; Western Meat Co; J 6 Mather; O A
bedrae a.
Per Gi .sy— Herman Joost; Merten Mfg Co; HH
Saltier & co; bianaard OH Co ; Thomas Lough an;
Nolan Dray-ige Co; Cal Bottling Co ; H cvi A Co;
Kron Taimin< Co: F Baldoccbl; Call'ornia ialnt
Co; Dairymen's Union; Norton, Teller & Co; Mao,
addler A Co; Dairymen's Union: H Cowell A Co:
Dodge. Sweenev A Co: Chas Harley A Co; Campl
A Co; MT Freitas & Co: H DuiarJ: t Cavell A Co;
Mills Bros: Wolf & Son: X Fas-ler; J Wistb;man;
W X Larzelere <fc Co; W J Dcv UK: P G Siml A,
Co: seigier A liuciner: Bissiager A Co; J'rapol 1
tfcCo.
Per Arcata— Standard Oil Co: Wells, Farso Jfc Co;
Tlllmann * Bendel: W B Sumner A Co: neo ge A
Wiley; Bakerdc Hamilton: Wleland Brewing Coj
D H Frank: Thomas Loughrau; Legalbt <X HeU
wig Enterprise Brewery.
4142
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1896.