VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 114.
LEADVILLE'S MIDNIGHT RAID
Six Men Are Killed and
Many Believed to Be
Injured.
FIVE OF THE DEAD AEE
STRIKERS.
Desperate Defense of the Men
Within the Burning
Barricades.
FIRE AND DYNAMITE FAIL TO
BEACH THEM.
Troops Sent to the Scene and Eostili*
ties Are Suspended for the
Present.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept 21.— Six men
lost their lives in the attack upon the
Coronado and the Emmett mines early
this morning, five being of tne attacking
party and the sixth a city fireman, who
was shot down while in the discharge of
his duty, he dying to-day. The dead are
as follows:
Jee^t O'Keefe, foreman Hose 2, aged
24. shot througn the body.
Bert Meib, 30 years of age, face riddied
with buckshot.
James Bikbon. aged 40, eight buckshot
in the abdomen.
John Mahoxet, bullet in abdomen.
William Higgixs. bullet in abdomen.
Mike Dougherty, a striker, found iv the
Emmett mine ruins.
It is believed that a numDer, variously
estimated from six to fifteen, were
wounded in the attack upon the barricaded
mines, but they were quickly taken away
and secreted, even the physicians attend
ing them being careful to make no report
of their patients. Of the besieged men
no one was injured, except one who was
slightly wounded in the foot as he escaped
from the Coronado mine over the trestle,
where he was a target for a fiundred guns.
To-night the city of Leadville is quiet.
The saloons are ail closed, and the people
who are on the streets stand idly about,
talking discreetly low. The full moon
shines above Carbonate Hill, where from
one or two shafthouses the -steam jets
laziiy float into the clear air as the great
pumps continue their ceaseless effort to
beat down the floods in the great under
ground workings from 800 to 1200 feet be
low the surface.
The State militia, for the fourth time in
two years called out to stop rioting in
mining camps, is arriving to-night, and
they will do merely patrol duty, for there
is absolutely no evidence of rioting in the j
entire camp. The two militia companies
of Leadville, a large company from Crip
ple Creek and two companies from Pueblo
were on duty here before darkness came
on, one company patroling the powder
magazines, three at the Emmett mine
and tne others on duty at the armory, wno
will doubtless assist the Deputy Sheriffs
and Police Department in patroling the
camp. Tne First Regiment irom Denver,
with the Chaffee Light Artillery and a
troop of cavalry will reach Leadville be
fore midnigiit.
While no one can predict with certainty
the outcome of the night the miners and
mine operators who talk say there will be
no further trouble until the militia return
home.
"Tne men who did the worK last night
are a set of cowards,'' said a mine oper
ator this evening. "They will do nothing
save in a sneaking manner. They prefer
to overpower some helpless man by num
bers and brutally assault him. We
learned to-night that the miners had a
meeting to-day and three meu were de
tailed to shoot down Mr. R. B. Estey,
the manager of the Coronado, on sight.
They will never do it; they are too
cowardly. For weeks he has walked
through the streets to and from the mine,
and though they have railed at him they
never dared to touch him. His courage
has been wonderful throughout these
whole troubles.
"We can never hope for a settlement of j
this trouble until the Governor places tne j
camp under martial law, and thus over- i
rides the local authorities, courts. Sheriff |
and Mayor. The camp has been under a
reign of terror, and all officers of tt»e law
have been intimidated. No punishment
can be imposed upon offenders, exc< pt
through a military court, and until this is
done we need not hope for peace."
The miners, on the other hand, deplore
the whole mat er, and seem disposed to
lay the blame upon outside ruffians, who
have flocked to the scene of the trouble.
The destruction of the Coronado has
finally aroused the law-abiding citizens to
take steps for a summitry treatment of
the trouble hereafter. This afternoon a
meeting was held in the opera-house, and
a document received 200 signatures, which
Is practically an agreement to stand to
gether to protect life and property. In
abort, it is a vigilance committee.
There is a rumor afloat that Ambura,
president of the Miners' Union, has left
the city and officers and citizens unite in
saving that many familiar faces have sud
denly disappeared.
That there was to have bepn trouble last
night was clearly understood by the mine
operators and many of the miners. The
report was that the Emmet mine, being
located farther out of the town limits than
the Coronado, was to be assaulted and tne
men there were warned to be watchful.
At the Coronado two officers were on duiy
and they were warned to be vigilant,
while within all preparations were made
for a warm reception of the strikers.
Until midnight no evidences of trouble
were apparent. The streets were deserted
and ail was quiet about the Coronado.
Midnight was evidently the time set by
the assailants to make an attempt to stop
the Coronado mine from working. The
residents near by were mysteriously
warned lo get out of harm's way. Bmali
groups of men ran up the street or lurked
in dark corners. It is said that a police
man's warning wuistie was heard just as
The San Francisco Call
the attack began. The first indication of
danger to the twenty men within was the
dropping of a dark object within the in
closure near the oil tank. There was a
moment of spluttering fire and then a ter
rific detonation. It was a weapon which
the miners know well how to use — a stick
of giant powder. Another stick followed
the first, then a third, and with these a
fusillade of small arms. Volley after vol
ley was poured into the inclosure from
two sides. The high outero uter fence and the
inner barricade, however, was evidently
designed wisely, for no one within was in
jured there. The giant powder soon ig
nited the woodwork, broke the pipe which
conveyed the crude oil from the reservoirs
to the battery of boilers, and, the oil ig
niting, great sheets of flame quickly illu
minated the scene.
There, amid a rain of bullets and giant
powder, with the immediate danger of the
exploding oil tank and steam boilers, the
twenty men fought as only men under
such conditions could fight. From within
the engine-bouse and from the high van
tage point at the top of the cribbing sur
rounding the shaft they blazed away at
the attacking party. For fully half an
hour the shooting continued, until 1:45
o'clock, when the flames of the engine
house spread so rapidly that the defend
ing party had to take refuge in a tunnel
under the cribbing, where they made a
last stand for defense, believing that their
assailants would enter the inclosure to
shoot them down. They were caught like
rats in a trap. It was certain death to re
main, for the fire would consume them,
even if they were not murdered by the
enemy.
There was only one alternative and they
took it. Some made a rush, leaping the
fence, others took the trestle across Or
ange street, running the gauntlet of a
galling fire to the dump, where they made
their escape. The explosion of giant
powder and the rattle of small arms
aroused the whole city, and the glare of
the flames brought the fire department
promptly to the scene. One line of hose
was laid and gallant Jerry O'Keefe, fore
man of Hose Company 2, Beized the nozzle.
He stood on the corner of Seventh and
Orange streets and the stream bad just
beeun to come when a bullet fired from
behind sent O'Keefe to the earth, bleeding
from a mortal wound. It was a shot 4
aimed by a dastard and cowardly hand to
assassinate a brave man in the discharge
of his duty.
Armed men were hidden in various
places about the Coronado shaft, and pre
vented the firemen from working. The
hosecart, with Fire Marshal E. V. Roder
and one other fireman, drove along Orange
street and when heneath the trestle started
to reel off the hose. They had got the
line almos: laid when three men leaped
from behind the house at the northeast
corner of the alley.
"Drop that hose," was the command,
and three revolvers, glittering in the red
glare of fire, were raised and leveled at
the marshal and bis men.
"I would stay, by G d, but Ido not
want to be shot down in cold blood," said
one of the firemen as he dropped the hose,
and all three were compelled to retire to
the corner of the cribbing on the west side
of the alley.
The immense fuel-oil tank was now a
mass of flames. Great black clouds of
smoke rolled heavenward, illuminated by
the dark-red flames whicu shot upward
for . 10 ° feet - Already the houses in the
vicinity were beginning to crackle and
blaze. At this moment an armed force
appeared on the scene. From the direc
tion of Harrison avenue rushed the citi
zens of the town. There were business
men, merchants, bankers, lawyers and
others, each armed with a Winchester,
ready to protect life and property.
Then commenced the battle with the
flames. There were plenty of willing
hanos to move the hose and the depart
ment could work without hindrance. The
attacking party disappeared. But while
the Coronado was the scene of great ex
citement the thirty men at the Emraett
were not forgetting their danger.
About 2:30 o'ciocK the sound of mus
ketry was beard in the direction of the
Emmett mine, and soon the thunder of
discharging giant powder followed. The
fuht made by the defenders was so terrific
that the assailants soon were glad to re
tire. The only damage done at the Em
mett was the destruction of a small fence
inclosing the property.
That several were wounded is certain,
and after dark to-night the dead body of
Mike Dougherty was found near by and
taken to the undertaker's. This makes a
deathroll oi five of the attacking party.
The Coronado shaft is the only evi
dence of the terrific stiugide made just be
fore dawn. The immense boilers, steam
engines, ians and powerful hoist are a
maBS of tangled ruins, pipes and twisted
iron lying over the massive machinery in
apalliug confusion. The tall gallows
frame and the temporary barricade about
the top of the high cribbing are practically
intact.
The Coronado property is bnt seven
blocks from Harrison avenue and is sur
rounded by small residences. Three of
these were totally destroyed, causing a
loss of $3000. The firemen and citizens
worked until the sun rose over Breeze
Hill before the flames were stayed.
The band of dynamiters had not over
looked the Maid of Erin. It was doomed
to destruction, but tne presence of mind of
Bam McCummings saved it. During the
fight of the early morning some one set
the shafthouse afire. Bam discovered it
and extinguished the flames before any
serious damage was done. An investiga
tion showed that there was sufficient giant
powder beneath the floor to have blown
the building to atoms.
AWAITING THE MILITIA.
rears That the "trikrrs May Tear Vp
the Railroad Tracks.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 22.—
Some uneasiness exists over the
delay of the special train from Denver with
the militia and artillery. The train was
reported at Granite, eighteen miles below
two hours aeo. One of the citizens under
arms reports that he has seen a number of
men on horsebacK riding swiftly out of
town, toward Malta and the river road.
An attempt to tear up the tracks below
Malta may have been made by the miners.
Between Malta anu Leadville the track
has been patrolled. The families living
near the Penrose received warnings to
day to move away, but aa that mine is I
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
The Only Kind of Employment Mr. Bryan Has for Idle Labor.
strongly guarded to-night by members of
the citizens' committee no danger of an
attack there is feared.
At 1 o'clock this morning it was
reported that a plot of the strik
ers to seize the city's powder
magazine has been unearthed. It
created considerable excitement. There
is enough dynamite in the various mag
azines of the different mines to blow up
a dozen towns. There are rumors that an
attempt will be made to blow up the Maid
of Erin.
Alarm over tbe non-arrival of the second
train is growing, the troops here not be
ing sufficient in the event of another out
break.
Tbe business men to-night organised a
committee of safety to preserve peace at
all hazards until the arrival of the troops'
train from the plain.
Judging from the number of calls re
ceived by physicians in the eastern part of
the city there were at least 100 people
wounded in the light at the Coronado
mine.
MALTA, Colo., Sept. 22. 2a. m.— After
a very cautious run from tialida tne first
section of the train, containing the Gov
ernor's guards, reached this station (six
miles from Leadville) at 1:30 a. m., and
are being held for the last section to come
up. As soon as the last section,
which contains tbe cavairy, reaches
here, the two trains will proceed into the
camp piloted by an engine or else the cav
airy will be sent in advance in order to
prevent the miners from getting in their
work with dynamite. It is not likely any
of the troops will reach Leadville before
daybreak. .-:
BATTLE WITH INSURGENTS.
Arrival of Re-enforcements Saves a Small
Force of Spanish Soldiers From
Annihilation.
HAVANA, Cvba, Sept. 21.— While sev
enty-five volunteers belonging in Havana
and twelve regular troops were leaving
Caiabazar, near Havana, they were sur
rounded by a force of 500 rebels, com
manded by Castillo and Delgado, and
were attacked from all sides. The troops
defended themselves bravely, but they
would have been annihilated bad not as
sistance reached them. The sound of the fir
ing led to the dispatch of re-enforcements,
which succeeded in routing the insurgents.
The insurgent losses were place t hi the
official report at 100 killed and wounded.
Among the wounded are said to be Castillo
and De gado. The Spanish losses, accord
ing to the rjport, were thirty-one killed
and five wounded, but it is known that
the losses were much heavier than given
in the official figures.
Reports from different parts of the
island show that the rebels are still active,
despite the heavy rainfall. Insurgent
bands have burned the towns of San Fran
cisco and Colisito, near Manzanillo, prov
ince of Santiago de Cuba.
GENERAL BLANCO MISSING.
Believed to -. Bare , Been Murdered by
Philippine Island Rebels.
MADRID, Spain, Sept. 21.— A special
dispatch from Hongkong to the Imparcial
says it is reported there upon the strength
of advices ; from Manila that General
Blanco, Spanish Governor of the Philip
pine Islands, has disappeared, and it is
supposed that he has been murdered.
MAIL S ERVICE BRIG A NDAGE.
An Annual Report Replete With Inter
■■.;.. eating Incidents.
WASHINGTON. D. •C. Sept. 21.— The
annual report of the Fourth Assistant
Postmaster-General, R. A. Maxwell, made
public yesterday, is chiefly remarkable for
its : record of "brigandage" in connection
with the mail service. The cases cited,
some of them dating back a year or more,
are replete with incidents.
■ A if w of the other notable cases referred
to are the arrest of one of the most prom
inent of New ~ England's « clergymen for
sending to members of bis church defam
atory postal cards through the mails; the
arrest ;of E. M. Blore. > formerly express
messenger on the line of the Lincoln and
Dead wood Railway; the important arrest
of "greenwoods" swindlers in. Chicago and
other places; the breaking up of num
erous fraudulent concerns, and : finally the |
arrest of 'Murderer Holmes. . i
AN AX TO GRIND.
THE INDIANA IS
READY FOR SEA
Her Service of Plate Was
Presented by Ex-Presi
dent Harrison.
PRAISED THE WARSHIP
One of the Best of Her Class
and a Formidable Factor in
America's Interests.
A HANDSOME PRESENTATION.
It Came From the Citizens of Indiana
to the Man-o:-W.ir That Bore
the State Name.*
. NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 2L— the bat
tle-ship Indiana was presented to-day with
a Handsome silver service by the citizens
of the State in whose honor the vessel is
named. ":'"'■'
- . The ceremonies of the presentation were
simple but impressive.
The handsome silver set was spread out
on the quarterdeck aft, and gathered
about it was a distinguished company of
naval and military men, a number of citi
zens of Indiana and beautiful and well
gowned women. Grouped about on the
turrets and the sides of the ship were
jack tars in their natty costumes, all
making a striking scene. One of the
features of the day was a speech by ex-
President Harrison.
Nearly all the official party, including
Governor Matthews of Indiana, ex-Presi
dent Harrison and Assistant Secretary of
the Navy ? McAdoo, boarded the dispatch
boat Dolphin at We*t Thirty- fourth street
early in the morning and steamed down
the bay. proceeded to the Indiana
by way of th.» ferry to Tompkinsviile.
The Dolphin came down to the hne-of
battle ship shortly before noon.
The awaiting squadron had been formed
in indented columns, and as the Dolphin
passed through, the flagship New York
gave a salute of seventeen guns. The
Dolphin acknowledged it with a response
of thirteen guns.
■ The Dolpnin proceeded out, giving the
guests a little excursion to sea. She re
turned shortly after 2 o'clock and trans
ferred her guests to the Indiana.
In the meantime, Admiral iiunce had
come aboard from the flagship and was
received by Captain Robiey D. Evans of
the Indiana. The first, party to come
aboard from the Dolphin was ex-President
Harrison, who was warmly greeted by
Admiral Bunce. The moment he stepped
on deck, the big guns of the whole; fleet,
the Raleigh, Massachusetts, Maine,* Mont
gomery, Columbia, New York and Indiana
thundered out twenty-one guns, the
Indiana's band played "Hail to the Chief,"
while the jacK tars stood at quarters and
saluted. \ .
The guests, some 200 in all, formed a cir
cle around the spot where the silver ser
vice was displayed. The ceremonies
opened w, th a presentation address by
Governor Matthews. who took his position
in front oi the beautiful . silver .'set, and
spoke eloquently,' incidentally touching on
the silver question.
. Governor Matthews was followed by As
sistant Secretary of the Navy McAdoo ; :
who accep.»d ■ the service in behalf of his t
department i and of i Captain Evans of the
Indiana. :■> ;
•' Charles "R. Williams of : Indianapolis,
the prime in starting J the popular
fund for UJe service, was the next speaker,
and at the conclusion of his address there
were cries for ex-President Harrison, who
responded as follows:
"I am delighted to be here and witness this
magnificent spectacle. I am especially de
lighted because of the fact that I am a sort of
a grandfather to the Indiana and I confess tne
fact tbe more willingly because she is so
young a ship. When I was in a position to
have some influence with the Secretary of the
Navy I told him I wanted the best ship then
building to be named after Indiana and X
guess he followed my wish.
"A company of Indiana people have come
here to-day — all those who could get away —
but all Indianans are animated by the thought
of pride In the ship, love of the flag and the
confidence in the men tue J ndiana carries.
"This is a magnificent siJver present. Gov
ernor Matthews here takes pleasure In the
white metal, while we take pleasure in the
fact that so much gilver will never get into the
mlnU. He is for free silver, but as to Captain
X vans and the rest of us tbe question arises,
4 ls Indiana a free-silver State?*
"We have wrought wonders in the building
of our navy. When I was a Senator I recall
with much regret the partisan jealousy mani
fested in reconstructing and rebuilding the
navy. It mortified me then, and I rejoice now
that we have passed that state of affairs, and
that Congress does not pause now to consider
whether we have a Democratic or a Republi
can Secretary when naked to build additions
to our navy, for fear of building up the navy
yard for election of time.
"The progress made in oar navy has been
amazing. The countries of Europe had spent
millions of dollars upon their navies, while
we fell behind for twenty-five years after our
Civil War. Now we come in to reap all the
benefits of the blunders and outlay of those
countries. We have marched up to them, un
til now we stand abreast of the great naval
constructors of the world.
"Who says we shall not go beyond them?
True, England has more ships than we have,
but she needs every one of them to protect her
interests. She must look out for her numer
ous colonies and guard her various interests,
for some of the European nations are catching
up with her. But we do not need such a navy.
We are a commercial people and > ur commerce
is extending. Our people are scattering all
over the earth. We send missionaries to far
off lands. We must take care of them. We
must have ships to speak of our power at
home and if necessary let the commanders
clear decks to protect our citizens from outrage
abroad. Our foreign policy has not been a
sentimental one, but our sympathies have
gone out to every onesuflerlng for freedom. We
are not going to seize other people's countries.
We are not a Nation of filibusters; but other
countries are stretching out. The world is not
big enough for them. They have come to tbe
time like that which came to Alexander, when
the world was not large enough. There is a
hemisphere here in which we have an interest.
We have a watermelon, so to speaK, and when
It is to be sliced, we are not going to allow
anybody else to eat it all up.
Our peoplfrare holding congresses of arbi
tration. This is all very weil; but do you
notice ttiat demands for indemnity are never
made upon a country that has battleships like
♦his? How these ships do enforce a diplo
matic notel We must get out into the seas
everywhere and look after our citizens. We
do not want to be treated like Africa has been.
Mr. Harrison then proposed three
cheers foT "the good ship, the officers and
m-n and the flag above her," and th
cheers were heartily given, linen Captain
Evans stepped forward, saying:
"My lads, three cheers for the men who
gave us this silver," and the Indiana re
sounded witn the lusty shouts of the gal
lant crew. The guests were then taken on
a tour of inspection over the ship, after
which they were transported to the Dol
phin, which conveyed them Dick to New
York.
JOHN L. AGAIN IN TROUBLE.
The t.x-Chatnvion F metiers on a Street
car Conductor,
BOSTON. Mass., Sept. 21.— John L. Sul
livan spent a few hours in a station-house
to-night waiting for some one to come and
bail him out. The cause of the big puei
list's imprisonment was an assault upon
William Humphrey, a streetcar driver.
As the car came along Sulli
van stood on the sidewalk and
motioned for it to stop. As it slowed up
Sullivan stepped out, leading a big mastiff
along with him. The conductor toid him
that the dog could not get on the car, and
when Sullivan insisted the" conductor
pushed him off the footboard. This be
gan the row, and Sullivan gave tne con
ductor several blows before he could bo
stopped. He was arrested and remained
in the station-house until midnight before
he was released on bail.
SOLDIER ORATORS
TAKE THE STUMP
Will Tour Twelve States
for McKinley and
Hobart
BIG CHICAGO OPENING.
Seven Thousand People in the
Audience, Including Many
Veterans.
HOWAED AND SICKLES TALK.
The Distinguished Warriors Fill the
Vast Throng With the Great
est Enthusiasm.
CHICAGO, Ilu, Sept. 21.— 1n the in
spiring presence of more than 7000 men
and women, hundreds of the audience
being veterans of the Civil War, the party
of Grand Army orators who are to make a
month's tour of twelve States under the
auspices of tne Republican National Com
mittee hela their first meeting in the Au
ditorium to-night.
Tue Veteran Ijnion League of Chicago
had charge of the meeting. President
Francis A. Riddle introduced the speakers.
Half a thousand people were unable to
gain admission, and all the permissible
standing space was occupied. Nearly
everybody brought small American
flaes, which were waved when
ever there was applause or other
demonstration. The sentiment of the
great army was patriotic to the core and
the tenor of the addresses was largely
military, interspersed witn jokes, miscel
laneous anecdotes and war stories.
There was an overture from a military
band to begin wilh, then a bugle call and
the calling of the meeting to order. Be
tween the addresses campaign and other
songs were rendered by a quartet. Bishop
Samuel Fallows read a series of resolu
tions setting forth the reasons why the
veterans of the 60's were for McKinley
and gold and pledging the soldier vote to
him.
General Franz Siegel of New York is ill
and will not be able to start with the
party. General St. Clair Mulboiland of
New York was not present, although he is
to be one of the traveling party. One of
the vacancies was nl!ed by General O. O.
Howard of New York, who received
an enthusiastic welcome. General
Howard said the Bryan people had
indicated by their platform that they did
not want the courts to enforce the laws or
want the Government to suppress riot.
They would revise the courts and consti
tution and they wanted to destroy the
Senate. When these attacked the United
States, be said, let us defend it all to
gether, as aid the boys in blue.
When General Daniel Sickels was pre
sented in a eulogistic speech the vast
audience rose en masse and cheered, to
the accompaniment of wavinz flags and
patriotic music. Then three lusty cheers
were given for "the hero of Gettysburg."
General Sickels said he came to Chicago
in 1864 as a Democrat to advocate and
vote for the re-election of Lincoln as a
war measure.
He called on all soldiers to stand up,
and they stood to a man, while they re
peated the flag - waving and cheering
scene. He said he came out West to talk
to the soldiers because they knew him
and tie knew them. He jndged there must
be some beautiful fighting all along the
line.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SINGLE SHOT
MEANS WAR
Combined Powers Submit
Their Ultimatum to
England.
MUST NOT INTERFERE
IN TURKEY.
Individual Action Against the
Sultan Equivalent to a
Challenge.
RUSSIAN TROOPS PREPARED
FOR SERVICE.
Infantry Embarked on the Black Sea
Fleet-Warships Held in
Readiness.
LONDON, Eno., Sept 2L— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Sebastopol saying that the Russian Black
Sea fleet has been put onto a war footing
and that three battalions of infantry hava
been embarked. Part of the fleet is
cruising off Otchakoff , at the mouth of the
Dnieper River, forty miles from Odessa,
under orders that if its commander re«
ceives a telegram from M. Nelidoff, the
Russian Embassador to Turkey, it must
join the remainder of the fleet, leaving
Sebastopol and going direct to the Bos
pborus. The di-patch adds that all the
troops in South Russia are ready for
active service.
At a meeting held to-night in Shore*
ditch to protest ngainst the massacre of
Christians by the Turks a most important
announcement was made, which, it is be
lieved, puts an end to all conjecture re
garding the action tnat might bs
taken by the British Government
in the direction of putting an end
to the massacres by force or deposinc the
Sultan. The statement was made by John.
Lowles, member of the House of Com
mons for the Hagerstone division of Shore
ditch. He said if England hid a free hand
in the matter, very few days would elapse
before there would be a change iv Turkey.
He then added that he was authorized by
the Foreign Office to say that Great
Britain was confronted by an agreement
between the three powers that it she at
tacked Turkey on any excuse or pretext
she would have to face that combination.
If she fired a single snot or took action
alone it would mean that at that moment
there would be a European war.
Six llundr-d Massaerrd.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Sept.
21. — The Porte has received an official re
port, stating that 600 persons were killed
in the recent disturbance at Eguin, in
the Diabekir district of Armenia. The
Kurds attacked the Armenian quarter of
the town, pillaged and burned houses and
killed as many inhabitants as they
could find. The report says it is feared
that massacres wifl soon take place in
other districts of Constantinople.
GOOD CAUSE FO R ANXIETY.
Exposed Position of the Foreigners at
Constantinople.
The feeling of anxiety in Constanti
nople on the part of the American and
European residents, especially the Eng
lish, is very intense and naturally so. No
one can tell what a day may bring forth.
Any untoward movement on the part of
any of the Christian element, or indeed
the veriest accident, may start the train
that will lead to direst consequences. Sur-
rounded as they are on all sides by
fanatical and bloodthirsty Mahomniedans,
who, once in the way of slaughter and
rapine, take little concern as tc national
ity, the situation is a most critical one for
others besides the Armenians, and it is
cruelly aggravated by the procrastination
and delay, which is little short of criminal
neglect, on the part of those who are able
and who are morally bound to put an end
to constantly recurring acts of maladmin
istration, not to say systematic aod pre
meditated outrage and murder.
There is an entire absence of confidence
in either the ability or the intention of
the police and soldiers to preserve order
or to act with anything like impartiality
in quelling any disturbance that may
arise between the Turks and any of the
other inhabitants. Nothing prevents an
immediate and terrible outburst of the
present ill-concealed feeling of hatred to
ward all non-Islams but the presence at
the mouth of the Golden Horn of the few
small war vessels kept there by Great
Britain and other European powers.
These ior the time have sufficed to hold
the Turk in check and deter him from
making open and unprovoked assault, but
how much loncer they will serve to do so
Uan open question. The inaction on the
part of England and other powers after
Sir Philip Curries return to the Port©
with his protest and the Queen's letter to
the Su tan, beyond sending a fleet into
ih« vicinity of the Dardanelles, only
serves to make him more confident
of his immunity from punishment
and defiant of the warnings that have been
given to him. He is successfully in
trieuing and playing Russia and England
against each other, and apparently thinks
that neither of them dare approach the
mouth of the so>phorus wiih a fleet in
the face of the other. He feels certain,
too, of his ability to successfully defend
the water approaches to bis capital against
any available force either has, and this
feeling grows day by day as the British
fl<«et lies inactive in Kavala Bay. He is
fully convinced that the only reason that
keeps them from coming to Constantino
ple is their fear of the untested fortifica
tions and secret torpedo trains along the
Dardanelles.
The English residents are not the least
anxious of the lot, and thrir wonder in
creases hourly that Sir Culnie Seymour
and his mighty fleet do not put in their2
npi earancr. They fully appreciate their
situation, and recognize the in possibility
on tno part of the few v.ar ves^ls now in
rort of protecting and sheltering the Brit
ish subjects, to say nothing of Ujc Ameri
cans and others who have no refuge in
the shape of a man-of-war pre-ent.
Of the 700,000 or 800,000 people in the
cities and town* about the Goltfen Horn a
little over 50 per cent are Turk-"!, or rather
Mohammedan". Greeks and Armenians
come next in numbers, about 150,000 each,
and the balance is made up of Circassians
and other Asiatics — Jews, Albanians, Bul
garians, etc. Tiiere are comparatively few
Western Europeans and Americans am one
the number. All tlie^e, with lew excep
tions, reside in Fera and transact their
busine-s in Galata, and when occasion re
quires iv* Statnbonl. Formerly the Eu
ropeans all resided in Siamboul, but when
the several embassies, led by the- British,
one after another. ::iovcd across the water
and located permanently on the hills of
Pera the members of tiie various nation
alities followed them and have built up a
city as unique in character aud customs
as is to be found in the world. The archi
tecture is essentially European, but it is
like no other city in Europe.
With the exodus of the English and
others to Pera Stamboul was no longer
the center of the trade incident to their
presence. This gradually followed them
across the bridge to Galata, on the slope of
the hill crowned by Pera. In time the
two cities grew into one, as it were, and
now number together over 250, 000 people.
Pen is the residence part and scat of
diplomacy aud Galata the commercial
part. In Galata are the various shipping
houses, the Ottoman and other banking
institutions, most of the ioreicn con
sulates and hospitals, posteffices, etc.,
■with some churches and schools. The
business quarter, in which nearly all the
Europeans are engaged, lies mainly a few
LJocks on either side of the main street
leading right up from the outer bridge
past the tower of Galata and joins the
grand Rue de Pera at the brow of the hill.
A line ot streetcars starts from the Otto
man Bank aud runs up the hill through
Pera, on out to the suburbs. The short
est route down the hill from the principal
part of Pera, however, is throueh the
tunnel, several hundred yards long,
which begins some distance below the
iiussian Embassy and terminates just be-
Ju\v the Ottoman Bank.
Pera is, as it were, entirely surrounded
by Turks. On the northeast is Taksim,
east is Fundukli and Tapkhani, on the
west Cassimpacna, Husa-kini and others,
and on the south and through which the
only available routes to the landing
places lie is Galata, which, as far as the
residents are concerned, is as Turkish al
most as Sramboul itself.
In case of trouble passage through
Galata from Pera would be impossible for
unarmed men and women and children,
and sailors and marines from such war
vessels as are now present would find
much difficulty and serious delay in pass
ing up to Pera. The ground around the
various embassies are extensive and sur
rounded by strong walls, and the build
ings are substantial and large stone
structures. These would afford a tem
porary refuge in case of a sudden out
break.
Out the Rne de Pera, in Taksim and
near the Italian and German embassies, is
the ar'illery barracks, and iv care of any
other soldiers would be a guarantee of pro
tection to tne Perites, but being Turks
there is no counting on them or on their
officers.
V1>1» FELLORS IN SESSION .
The Grand Lodge J^oti' Holding Its
Seventy -Second Annual Meeting.
DALLAS. Tex., Sept. 21.— The seventy
second annual meeting of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the World of Independent
Order of Odd Fellows was opened in Dallas
to-day. Nearly 30' jO visitors were here.
After welcoming speeches and replies the
Sovereign Lodge went into secret session
at 3 p. m. to receive reports of the grand
officers.
Grand Sire Stebbins delivered his an
nual address.
The reports of the grand secretary and
the grand treasurer snowed the Sovereigu
Grand Lodge to be in a satisfactory and
progressive condition. A b-lance of nearly
$29,000 was shown to be in the bank.
Ihe Herman Catholic Congresses.
DEIROiT, Mich., Sept. 21.— Delegates
to the numerous Ge*rman Catholic con
gresses which will be in session during the
present week continue to arrive. To-day
the delegates to the Priests' Association
and also to the German Catholic Central
Association of the United States met be
hind closed doors. The great National
congress opens to-morrow.
WHERE FOREIGN CRUISERS HAVE NOT DARED TO ENTER.
BRYAN TALKED
IN DELAWARE,
He Was Sidetracked at
Newcastle and Made
a Speech.
FEW PEOPLE HEARD HIM
But All and Sundry Shcnk Him
by His "S^re and In-
flamed " Hands.
THE FIRST CHEER OF THE DA
It Was Given at Elkton, Where About
Fifty People Awaited the
Si'.ver Advocate.
WILMINGTON, Del., Sept. 21.—Candi
date Bryan slept to-ni«ht at the Ciayton
House, in this city, after a day of more or
less trying incidents.
On the trip from Dover to Wilmington
Mr. Bryan made a short speech to a large
audience at Newcastle, where a stop of
about a half hoar was made.
His car was sidetracked, leaving the
train to proceed to Wilmington. Later it
was picked ud by an excursion special
and reached Wilmington at 5:50 o'clock.
It was received at the railway station by
perhaps a thousand people, who cheered
the candidate heartily.
With his plans for a good rest in Wil
mington disarranged by the action of the
Delaware escort committee, Mr. Bryan
started out from Baltimore this morning
at 6:25 o'clock for Dover, Del., to fill an
engagement to speak in the afternoon.
The first incident of the day was at
Havre de Grace, where a tcore of people
boarded the day coach in which Mr. Bryan
was sitting and shook the candidate's sore
and inflamed hands.
At I'erryvilie, just across the Susque
hanna River, and at Northeast more peo
ple greeleu him in the oar. The first cheer
of the day was given at Elkton, reached
at 8:11, where about fifty were in the
crowd. At nearly every station somebody
explained to Mr. Bryan that his early
coming would disappoint many people
who were relying on adherence to the
schedule which the Delaware committee
had caused to be changed.
At Newark, Del., the candidate changed
cars to a little branch line that carried ■
him to Porters station, six miles away.
Some Delaware College boys of Newark
gave him an original Bryan yell, an! Mr.
Bryan went out on the platform and shook
hands with them.
When Mr. Bryan reached Porters he
found not the hundreds of excursionists
on whose account he had been persuaded
to lose his night's rest, but the members
of the Dover reception committee.
The journey from Porters to Dover was
made over the Delaware division of ttie
Pennsylvania Railroad. Middletown had
A ut a brass band and about 300 people, and
Mr. Bryan made his lirst little speech of
the day there.
Mr. Bryan reached Dover at 10:32 a. m.
A big crowd at the railway station gave
I him a cheer and then followed his car
riage through the streets to the Capital
Hotel, where a short informal reception
was held. When it was over Mr. Bryan
was spirited out a side door down to the
residence of General R. R. Kenney, where
he immediately went to bed.
Much refreshed by his nap, Mr. Bryan
went from General Kenney's to the Capi
tal Hotel, where he had dinner, and then
proceeded to the State Fair grounds,
where 5000 people, seated on the crand
stand and gathered on the track and en
closure, received him with cheers. The
candidate was introduced by ex-Congress
] m«n John A. Nicholson at 2 o'clock.
Mr. Bryan said:
I want to read yon an extract from a speech
made on last Saturday by the Republican can
didate for President at Canton. Ho said:
j "Under the Republican protective policy we
i enjoyed for more than thirty years the most
I marvelous prosperity that has ever been given
! to any nation of the world. We not only had
I individual prosperity, but we had National
prosperity."
| Now, there is a statement made within a
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
week by the Presidential candidate on the
Republican ticket, pointing back for, thirty
years from 1860 to 1890,*. and telling the
people : that during that period -we enjoyed
the most marvelous prosperity and .Na
tional prosperity. I want to show you
by this- same witness' very tentiinony
given six years ago, that after thirty years of
this kind of policy the farmers of this country
were not prosperous. If you will lake The re
port files with the McKinley bill on the 16th
of April, 1890, you will find the words which
I wish to quote: "That there Is widespread
depression in this industry ' to-day cannot be
doubted," speaking of agriculture. That is
what the Presidential candidate said when be
deliberately wrote the report and tiled it with
his proposed legislation. . ■'
■That there is widespread depression in this
industry i to-day cannot bo doubted." :■• [Ap
plause.] Again in that same report said:
'•One oi tne chief complaints now prevalent
among our farmers is that they can get no
price for crops at all commensurate . to the
labor and capital invested In their produc
tion." That is what he said, after thirty years,
of the kind of policy which the candidate of
the Republican party will bring you prosper
ity. Let me read again: '-We have not believed
that the people, already suffering trom lo#
prices, can or will be satisfied with legislation
which will result in lower prices. No country
ever suffered when prices were fairly remun
erative In every. field of labor." After thirty
years of that kind ot policy he tells
you that the j people are suffering from
low prices, and tnat no country ever suffered
when prices were fairly remunerative in every
field of labor. Now let me read you again
wnat he says in this same report: "This great
industry [speaking oi agriculture] is fore
most in magnitude and importance in our
country. Its success and prosperity are vital
to the Nation. No prosperity is possible to
other industries it agriculture languish." That
is what he said in 1890, that thorn was de
pression in agriculture after thirty years of his
tariff policy, and that without > prosperity in
agriculture there could be no .prosperity
among the other industries of the country.
Let me read you just one other ex
tract: "The - depression; in agriculture
is not confined to the United States. ; The re
ports of the Agricultural Department Indicate
that this distress is general, that Great Britain,'
France and Germany are suffering in a larger
degree than the farmers of the United States.",
There he is telling' us there is depression in
agriculture and giving the names of three
prominent agricultural, nations of the O.d
World and. telling us that the agricultural de
pression is even more marked over there than
it is here. 1 want you to remember that when
you read in the paper' that he said that lor
thirty years we haa such marvelous prosperity
in this country. [Applause.]
Now, my friend?, 1 nave quoted you that he
said there was depression In agriculture In
Germany. I want to read you wnat Prince
Bismarck Bays about the condition of affairs
in Germany. Our opponents are in the habit
of telling us that an the -civilized ! nations are
in favor of -the gold standard. The Germans
who live in this country point with a just
pride to the greatness of this illustrious Ger
man, Prince Bismarck. Let me read you what
he has mid within a few Weeks in regard to
bimetallism and then see whether he testifies
thai the gold standard htm been a good
thing for Germany. [Applause..] .In a letter
written to Governor Cuibertsun of Texas,
and dated the :Mth of August, 1890,
Prince Bismarcic" said: "Your esteemed
favor of July 1 has been duly received. I hare
always had a predilection for bimetallism, but
I would not wnile in office claim my view of
the matter to be infallibly true when ad
vanced against the views oi experts. I hold
to thin very hour that it would be advisable to
bring about between the nations chiefly en
gaged in the world's commerce a mutual
agreement in favor of the establishment of
bimetallism."
If the gold standard had been a blessing to
Germany why would not he say that it was
better to keep the gold standard instead of
getting rid of the gold standard and substi
tuting the double standard by national agree
ment?" J, ....-':.-'
Considered from a commercial and indus
trial standpoint the United States are freer by
far in their movements than any nation in
Europe, and bunco if the people of the United
States should find it compatible with ti.eir in
terests to take independent action in the di
rection of bimetallism I cannot but believe
that such action would exert a most salutary
influence upon the consummation of inter
national agreement and the coming into this
league of every European nation.
* We have those among us people who have
said that some other nation must take the
lead. Prince Aismarck says that the people of
the United States are freer by far in their
movements than the nations of Europe. Cuu
it be that this great German statesman has a
higher conception of the ability of the people
of the United Slates than the Tories, who are
not willing to do anything until they ask the
consent ot oilier nation*? [Applause.]
Not only does Prince Bismarck say that we
are freer to take action than other nations,
but ne says if we act it will exert a most salu
tary influence upon the consummation of in-
I ternational agreement aud the coming into
this league of every European nation. Prince
Bismarck testifies first, the gold standard Is
the policy in Germany and he wants bi
metallism restored; he testifies second, that
the United States is in the best position of all
the States to take the lead; he testifies third,
that if this Nation takes the lead it will have
a salutary influence, not -in preventing bi
metallism, but bringing other nations of
Europe into an ; international agreement. I
desire that you shall remember this testimony,
coming from to distinguished an authority in
Germany.
Let me call your attention to another thing
which Prince Bismarck said. Our opponent*
tell us that we are arraying one class against
another. . Let me show you what Priuce Bis
marck has said in regard to the classes on the
questions which concern agricultural depres
sion. A little more than & year ago he was
quoted as saving to a farmer audience in Ger
many mat the farmers must stand together
and protect themselves from . the drones of
society who produce nothing but laws. [Great
applause.] Sly friend*, divide society into two
classes. On the one. side put the non-pro
ducers and on the other side put the producers
of wealth and you will find that in this
country the majority of the laws are made
by the non-producers, instead of the producers,
of wealth,' and just so long as the non-pro
ducers make the laws, just so lone it will be
more profitable to be a non-producer of wealth.
Bismarck tried to arouse . the farmers of Ger
many to throw out these drones and - take
charge of legislation thernselve*. I suppose
they will call Bismarck aa agitator. [Laughter
nnd applause.] I suppose they will siy that
he ought not to array one class of society
ag :iinsi another. Of course, 1 don't know how
drones feel In a beehive, but if drones conld
ttilk and make speeches, I bet that you could
not tell one of their speeches from the speeches
made by the heads of tho»e great tru.ts, who
cail everybody anarchists who do not believe
with them. ]
I will venture if a drone could tal_ and
write and express his ideas in language that
there is not a member of & syndicate that lias
been beating his Governmeu; but could take
the arone's speech and use ita»bis own and
without being accused of plagiarism. [Great
applause.]
-My friends, that is the only class issue tnat
wo raise, and if to pay the people vrho fight
the Nation's battles in time of war have a
right to do the legislating in the time of peace
Is raising class against class then I am willing
to be called an agitator, my friends. [Great
applause and cheers.]
AN OFF DAY AT CANION.
But Reception, of Delegation* Wilt Be
Returned To- Day. /.-
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 21.— This has been
an uneventful day for Major; McKinley.
There were no delegations scheduled for
to-day and none called. There were few
callers at the house and none of political
prominence. The candidate has stood the
strain of the ' past week with ' remarkable
firmness, and he is in the very best of
health and spirits. ;/ To-morrow afternoon
he will resume the reception of delegations
and begin another week of speech-making.
,The"delegations expected to-morrow are:
Citizens of Jamestown and Chautauqua
County, New York, sixteen coaches; Mc-
Kinley clubs of Northern Indiana, start
lin at E.khart and coming in a train of
three sections; Republicans and friends
from Holmes County, Ohio.
A few personal friends of Major Me-
Kinley have suggested to him the ad
visability of setting apart some portion of
each day at which time to receive visiting
delegations.; This arrangement; it is
argued, would bring the delegations to
gether and one speech could be made to
do service for two or more delegations. : It
would also give Major McKinley more
time to look after his private affairs. At
present the delegations arrive at all boors
of. the day and go at once to the McKinley
residence. '.*'•, SjESi
Although the proposed plan would re
lieve Major McKinley of a great deal of
the strain to which be has been subjected
the past week, it is believed he'will not
consent to any interference with the pres
ent arrangements. He has confidence in
bis ability to address all the delegations
that have thus far been arranged for and
he will be ' pleased to receive . them col
lectively or - individually — just as they
happen to come along.
«
BISMARCK'S LETTER.
Regarded by Democratic Leader* a* of
tireat Campaign Importance,
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 21.-The Demo
cratic National Committee regards the let*
ter of Prince Bismarck favoring bimetal
lism as a step toward an international
agreement, and the cablegram sent to Mr.
Bryan by the International Agricultural
Congress at Buda-Pesth is making the first
genuine political sensation of the cam
paign in favor of free silver coinage.
Members of the committee at Chicago
headquarters said to-day these documents
silenced the platform and assertions of
the Republicans on the point that the
United States alone could not change
the monetary system of the world and
that the present'agitation would be detri
mental to international bimetallism. The
committee decided to have ;hese declara
tions translated into several languages,
especially German, and distribute several
millions.
Governor Altgeld's Saturday speech in
reply to Cockran and Schurz is regarded
by Chairman Jones as one of the ablest
expositions of the silver cause that has
bt;en delivered during the campaign, and
the demand for it will be met by the print
ing of it in German and English for wide
distribution.
«. — ■
IDAKO IS PROMISING.
.t. ' \
Family Quarrel May Give tike State to
the Republican*. ' (?.'-'•
CHICAGO, v^ 111., _ept 21.— Senator
Shoup, the aggressive McKinley silver
Senator from Idaho, was at headquarters
to-day negotiating with Colonel Hahn for
Foraker or some other orator to make a
speech in Boise City. The Senator-elect
from Ohio is engaged to deliver three
addresses in Illinois, October 1 to 3, one of
which will be in Chicago and one in
Springfield. He will also speak in Burling
ton, lowa, October 8, on the occasion of
the semi-centennial celebration. of lowa's
admission.. Mr. Bryan will have his inn
inns there three; days after. As to the
situation in Idaho Senator Sboup said":
"The Populists and Democrats are
quarreling among themselves and accus
ing «ach other of bad faith. They do not
fuse with the bolting Republicans. We
| have a full Republican ticket in the field
1 from McKinley electors down to the
smallest office, and we will elect some of
the State ticket. The outlook for the suc
cess of the National ticket is promising.
We are thoroughly organized in every pre
citict, holding enthusiastic meetings and
gaining votes every day."
THE BLUE G RASS STATE
An Enthusiastic CotnmiHe'man Predicts
' - a Bia Bryan Majority* -;".
CHICAGO, III.; Sept. 21.— Urey Wood
son, National Coramilteeman for Ken
tacky, called at headquarters to-day. He
said:.
"If the election were held to-day Ken
tucky would : give * Bryan ; 40,000 majority.
Nothing can materially decrease that ad
vantage between now ana November. In
fact, I believe he will carry the State by
50.000 majority. There are not more than
5000 cold Democrats in the State and most
of them will vote for McKinley, while we
wiil get the whole PopSlist vote, which
amounts to 25,000. In Eaatern Kentucky
the Republicans are almost i a unit for
Bryan. General Buckner will get only
45 votes in his own county for Vice-Presi
dent. This is the result of an actual can
vass. The Democrats of Kentucky are
very* bitter against him. He introduced
and voted for a ; resolution in bis own
county convention -pledging the delegates
to support the nominees of the Chicago
Convention. His own violation of that
pledge is regarded by Kentuckians as a
gross breach of political honor.
. ♦'"'■'.
SE WA LL REPUDIATES.
Circular Bearing His Aam« Ask* Sup
port for McKinley and Jiohart.
BATH, Mb., Sept. 21.-S«cretary A. R.
Smith of the American Merchant Marine
Association a week apo sent out circulars
which appealed to voters to support Mc-
Kinley and Hobart. The circular letter
bears the printed heading of the Merchant
Marine Association. The first words at
the top of the sheet are, in capital letters,
"Arthur Sewall of Batu, Me., president."
A reporter called at- the residence of Mr.
Sewall this evening to interview him re
garding the circular. Mr. Sewall said :
"I have seen the circular. sfou can say
that it was entirely unauthorized by me,
and I cannot sustain it. The American
Merchant Marine Protective Association
was formed ior the purpose of improving
the American merchant marine, and it
was to be non-politicai and non-partisan.
Some of the members hare seen fit to try
to bring it into politics, and 1 have with
drawn from it, both as its president and
as a member."
HAWKETES FOR McKINLEY.
Thirty-Five Thousand Republican Ma
t Jortty a Haft Fiyure.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 21.— A. B. Cum
mins, National executive committeeman,
returned to Republican headquarters to
day from lowa, where he has been making
_ thorough observation of the party work
and prospects. To a reporter for the
United Associated Presses Mr. CuTimins
said:
"lowa is safe at this moment for 35,000
Republican majority. That is the best
judgment I can form. The vote will be a
little larger than we had last year. There
is one uncertain element there. We do
not know how many soond-monev Demo
crats will vote for WcKinlev. We will
have a lnrge gain from the Democrats —
more than we will lose from silver Re
publicans. Then there are the Democrats
who will vote for Palmer. There are
about 14,000 silver Republicans in lowa.
Organized labor is split up. I think the
railroadmen are with ns, although it is
said they are only talking that way and
will vote for Bryan.
RUCKNER IN NEW YORK.
The General Say* Kentucky Mil Go
Against Bryan.
NEW YORK, H. V., Sept, 21.-Gsneral
Buckner, the National Democratic candi
date for Vice-President, arrived at the
Fifth-avenue Hotel this afternoon accom
panied Dy Henry Watkins, Graham Vree
land and Morris B. Belsnap. Colonel John
R. Fellowe was also with them.
General Buckner was reluctant to talk
about political affairs. "I have no fixed
plans," he said, "and am entirely in the
hands of the National Committee."
"How will Kentucky go?" he was asked.
"Kentucky wili go aEaiust Bryan," he
replied.
"Does that imply that the State will go
for McKinley."
"I am working for my own ticket and
Kentucky will go against Bryan," was ail
the General would say.
General Buckner will leave to-morrow
night after the Madison-square Garden
ratification meeting for Richmond.
Confidence in Hi* Stumping Efforts.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 21.—Ex-Congress
man Coffeen of Wyoming, who has been
stumping South Dakota, called at Demo
cratic headquarters to-day and said that
that Btat9 would give a large majority for
Bryan.
VALENTINE GADESDEN DEAD.
Well Known in San Francisco and Co-Re-
spondent in the Yarde-Buiier
Divorce Suit.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 21.— A di3patch
from BadNauheim, in the Grand Duchy of
Hesse, announces t he death there on Sun
day of Valentine Gadasden. He died sud
denly of heart disease.
Gadefuien was formerly of San Francisco
and was made co-respondent in the snit
fora divorce brought by Walter Yarde-
Buller, brother of Baron Chnr3ton, against
his wife, the daughter of the late General
Kirknam of Oakland. Tin cane against
Gadesden was dismissed. He wa3 allowed
the costs. The verdict rendered was that
Mrs. Yarde-Buller was not guilty of cru
elty or infidelity and that a decree of judi
cial separation be granted to her with
costs.
Gadesden was quite prominent in car
tain circles in Ban ■ Franciscisco. He was
always a bail fellow well met and was
quite fond of athletics. " His favorite
pastime was playing cricket or tennis.
He was quite an adept in both games. He
never seemed to have any particular busi
ness ' affairs to attend to, yet he was
always dressed and well supplied
with money. In the trial of ' the divorce
case Gadesden was very active in the de
fense of Mrs. Yarde-Buller.
. . -
GOLD COMIMG £-RO3t EUROPE.
Several Million* Mil Arrivm Here in the
Xer.t Fete Days. ■■'■
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. r 21.-The
steamship La Gascoene, which arrived
from Havre, brought $500,000 gold, con
signed to Lazard Preres.
The Bank of British North-America an
nounces that it will have a consignment
of $500,000 cold on the steamship Teutonic,
leaving Em ope Wednesday.
Chicago advices state that arrangements
have been made in London for the ship
ment of $1,700,000. Of this amountsl,2oo,
-000 is for the new Chicago Edison Com
pany 5 per cents recently sold abroad.
.; . Cables announced the ■■ sale of £203,000
American eagles by the Bank of England
to-day. s The bank ; still " asks ) 78s for gold
bars, but in the open market the price is
%d lower.
. BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 21.— The steamer
; Pavonia, ./which arrived from - Liverpool
this morning, brought $497,500 in gold,
consigned to Kidder, Peabcxly & Co.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 2L— The
treasury gold reserve to-day at the close
of buMness stood at $116,177,288. The sold
withdrawals for the day at New York
were $66,600. There was exchanged to-day
at New York $1,692,000 in gold for cur
ranoy.
COAST DEFENSES
TO BE INCREASED
Contracts for the Work to
Be Let in the Near
Future.
SITES FOR BATTERIES.
Over Five Millions of Dollars
Are to Be Expended in
the Work.
IH CREASE IN THE ARTILLERY.
Two More Regiments and Probably
More Will B2 Added to the
Regular Army.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 21.— The
subject of coast defense it receiving a
great deal of attention from the scientific
departments of the army.
Large contracts, involving the expen
diture of five or six million dollars, are to
be awarded soon for the furnishing of gun
forgings, manufacture of a number of
rifles under private contract and the pur
chase of material with which to begin the
preparation of various sites for the bat
teries determined upon.
Land for the emplacements in the ma
jority of cases has already been purchased,
and where it has not condemnatory pro
ceedings are being taken to secure it.
The entire plan for the defense of more
important cities has been completed and
approved by the department, but so careful
is it, not to permit outsiders to learn the
character or strength of the fortifications,
that it will not be until most of them are
nearly completed that the cities they are
designed to protect will know the actual
number of guns manned.
The allotment of 112,000,000 appropri
ated by the last Congress has been made
with the view to protecting larger and
more exposed cities from sea attack
and to set aside sufficient money for
smaller towns for the purchase of
land. It Is certain that ail the larger
fortifications will include in their
armament a number of 16-inch rifles,
by far the heaviest type of gun ever at
tempted in this country and of which
there are but few abroad. Recently the
War Department has purchased forglnes
to begin a trial gun of this caliber, and if
'it proves successful twenty will be manu
factured for the larger cities.
General Craighili, who will direct the
work of preparine the emplacements, re
fuses to discuss the question at all or to
intimate the nature of the defenses of any
city. Ho believes that all questions of
defenses should be guarded with rigid
care by the War Department in order to
prevent foreign Governments from secur
ing information, none of which would
think of permitting the United States to
acquire similar information as to foreign
defenses.
The construction of this great line of
defenses means substantial inciease in the
standing army in a few years, and es
pecially of the artillery branch, to which
will fall the work of manning and carine
for them. Nearly all tne fortifications are
at cities where the artillery branch
is either unrepresented or the gar
rison inadequate to the new de
mands, so that with the completion
of the defenses and the erection
of new barracks the army will be called
upon to famish at least two more regi
ments of artillery and possibly more, as
the work of protecting the country from
sea attack progres es. This means that
there will be a wide distribution of artillery
along the seaboard and new garrisons
established at points which have not
_nown the presence of Federal troops since
the war period.
Hubbrr Company Suspends.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 21. — The
Hodgman Rubber Com puny suspended to
day on account of the financial stringency.
The business is a very old one, having
Deen established over tiftv-five years. In
April last the firm stated to Bradstreet's
thar the business of 1895 showed a net
profit of $60,000; that there were net assets
cf $625,000 and liabilities of $26) 000
¥ j^^^rV UIT. mineral drags
_L .. I /Bss \ and go 10 using a pure
_^t__? T_J_y herb remedy. If you ;
8 "^J__M_y |u--e this herb remedy
1 I you will have no pir-
n- % Jl* m pies on your face, no
XL£*%£^^^^f blemishes, no b.ils
\^ nothing to show that
- \^ your , blood is ; being
■' purified, except a bet-
ter feeling, a clearer eye, a better stomach.
If you are constipated be sure you use
BLACKWELL'S . WfIWT "~~~ """""
(2 iO-tail «»'£ hIIRUX_t
H|j|)t V*'"" 1 '- ONO OTHER.
I GENUINE V-\ 1 J»*^ ■' a.. 1 .- J or Itf lirf o
; Ton will find one coupon : '• i'■ '" / J^m ' L jMJjV^Yfjjk
Inalde - -nob . two onnce ' bag, " t ' ' /^j~- _^^a<_Ljjll|^Jr -
and two coupons ftnsld« each //^^^T| IMi^f^r 1 ' ill (■
tour ounce ' bag of Black- j ' ' s^^iWkm J , jti f ' I —
well*« Durham, Bay a bag '' ' , -, i£T?l*j_____'''fri'lif ;«% i (fl~ — - ■-•
of this celebrated' tobacco «§§isi!p**^f[~ jili!^^^^!^^^^^
and read the coupon— jJfc^_3s-C^»^»_\ t\_S t-J"t~ -
«l-e« a list of valuable pres- . t|yif|||jjlj|]'W|^^sf := ryT J "^Tf^ f' HV m ill
«nu «,.« how to get them* ,I^l™ iff!' Jfjf " ' " ■-■ ,#*
- •■••- ■——'--■ ■ -■ v- ■ • --
Is the light that will brine a great T)i>
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body. can be made. "Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get : it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraardidary Rejuvenator Is th'«
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors-d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America. '
..HUDYAN 13 purely vegetable. '
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge i.i twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness,' fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervonOness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. . Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. . * ,
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
"TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore-
producing germs. Tuen come sore throat, pimple:,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In month, old sores and
talllnar hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by using the great 30-day care. Call or write tot
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL. INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills BU.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ■ ■•■
SaMpMa
(Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Wo. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
" __"
1 $libUi
BIG
CUT
IN
DOUGLAS
SHOES. > -
1, I ■ B\ W M 1 J m
That high fence interferes with our trade. No
one can deny It. It hurts us, and we have to sell
cheap to do business. This week we will nell
uoimlas' Boys' and Youths' Button or I.re» Shoea
below cost. Almost giving Lb°m away. Special
price SI. 80. reduced from $_. sizes in Button
Khoe3 from 11 to 5 Via I sizes in Lace shoes from
(11 to 3 . '
SPECIAL— Ladles' DoneolaKid Oxfords. square
or pointed, toes and V-shaped patent leather tips,
solid wearers. sizes %y% to 5, reduced for this wee_
from 81.50 to 73c. Every pair guaranteed.
_9T Country orders solicited.
$3" Bend for Sew Illustrated Cata'.o?n_
\ Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA' SHOE CO.,
IO Third Street. San FrancUco.
?^ vSr __L ~HO &&
IS THE VERY BEST DXE TO EXAMISB
X your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and Ere-
glasses wiihVinstruments of hia own Invention,
who.se superiority has not • been equaled. My suo-
ce3s has been due to the merits of t»y worJe.
Office Hours— Vi to i p. m. •• ; : ,
, y_ ~~ rr • ,:~-
. trow bed*;
fr*^T^» BRASS BEDS.'
** ~~ ? FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Alas-
. tresses, Keel 1 n 1 n :
! ..."..; : Chairs, Wheel C__lr«.
" " 1 >■*} Commodes, Back Kbj:i
I I I PjTflJJjf w « A. SCEROCK,
"T'»i_ J^liiJJiii Now siontgomer-
'■ w L*- T JJ St.. under urau-
! :--,,-.' ■ ***. Hotel. S. *".
__________________________ .
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pITARLES H. PHILLIi'S. ATTORNEY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 688 Market s:., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. i Residence 1620
Fe.l street. ■ Telephone " Flue " 2691.STEVE O'DONNELL
DEFEATS SLAVIN
The Sponge Is Thrown Up
During the Fifth
Round.
SPORTS HEAVY LOSERS.
A Hot Battle at First, but the
Australian Was Out of
Condition.
HESULT OF A RECENT MISHAP
His S tigging Powers and Gam?ness
of No Avail Against Steve's
Cleverness.
MASPETH, L. 1., Sept. 21. — Steve
O'Donneli fought Frank Slavin to a
standstill in the fifth round at the Em
pire Athletic Club to-night, and the lat
ter: 8 seconds, seeing their man was all bat
out, threw up the sponge after the round
had been on one minute and thirty-five
seconds. Slavin fought badly all the way
through and the bell only saved him in
the fourth round. After the fight Slavin
addressed the crowd as they were filing
out. He said:
"I'm licked to-night, gentlemen; but I
think the man that has been behind
O'Donnell will give me another chance
when I am in better condition. I have
been hurt ever since Thursday and only
came here so as not to disappoint the
public and my backer."
As long as O'Donnell mixed it up
Slavin was the stronger at the short
range, but when Steve stood off it was all
up with Slavin.
About 1000 sports made the journey to
see the event, which was to have been a
twenty-round contest. The crowd had
scarcely been seated when a rumor was
started to the effect that Slavin had hurt
his arm, shoulder and back by a tall last
Thursday and that he was in no condition
to fight. It was stated that he had only
come over to make an appearance and had
done no work since the alleged accident.
The bettine was all in favor of Slavin and
the majority of the sports seemed to think
that the "accident" was a well-laid scheme
to induce the O'Donnell contingent to put
up their money. As good as 6to 4 could
be had against Steve's chances, as Slavin's
supporters calculated tnat his slugging
powers and gatneness wculd prove too
much for O'Donnell's cleverness.
FITZ RELEASED ON BAIL
Lanky Bob Must Answer the
Charge of Arranging a
Frize-Fight
Pompadour Jim Manages to Eu.de
the Officer With a Warrant
for His Arrest.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 21.— 80b
Fitzsimmons was arrested at Barthoidi
Hotel at 1:30 p. m. to-day by Detective
Senreant McNaught, who brought him to
police headquarters.
The arrest was made on a warrant
charging Fitzsimmons with misdemeanor
in arranging in this city for a prize-fight.
8o far as known Corbett, for whom the
detectives have a warrant, has not yet
been arrested.
Fitzsimmons was arraigned in the Gen
eral Sessions Court this morning before
Judge Fitzgerald. The courtroom was
crowded. Fitzsimmons leaned on the
railing in front of the Judge's desk and
looked straight at the Judge. He carried
a silk hat in bis hand and wore a Prince
Albert coat. His manager, Martin Julian,
stood beside him, but he had no counsel.
The indictment was read and Fiizsimmons
was asked if he wished to piead. After a
whispered conversation with Julian he
pleaded "not guilty." The Judge then
held him in $1000 bail, and as no bonds
man was ready the Judge added: "Com
mitted until bail is furnished."
Fitzsimmon* turned pale as the idea of
a prison cell struck him, but he was not
taken to a cell. He was talcen up to the
detectives' office in the General Sessions
building to await until some one couid be
found to go bail for him. Fitzsimmons
finally secured bail and was released.
The District Attorney said there were
two counts to the indictments. He furiher
said tnat the case of Fitzsimmons and
Corbett, who had been jointly indicted,
was the first arrest made since the law
was amended. The indictments against
the two pugilists were found by the Grand
Jury a week ago to-day.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Xubs.
Won. Lost.
Lent.
Baltimore.
."lev-eland
Cincinnati...
Boston. —
Chicago ...
Pitt5burg.. ....;......
Sew for*....
Philadelphia
Brooklyn ;..........
kVashinKton :...
it. Louis.
LonlsvlMe ;■......... *.
88 87
78 45
76 60
71 56
71 67
66 60
63 64
60 66
06 70
66 70
38 89
36 91
.704
.831
.603
.668
.554
.523
496
.470
.444
.444
.299
.283
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 21.— Score: Cleve
lands—4, 10, 2; Ciucinnatis— l, 9, 3. Batter
ies — Cuppy, Wiison and Zimmer; lawyer and
Vaughn. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTBBURG, Pa., Sept. 21.— Score: First
fame— PitWburgs— 2, 52; Loulsvllles— l, 7, 4.
(Eleven innings.) Batteries — Uawley and
Merritt; Herman and Dexter. Umpire— Ems-
He Second game— Plttsburgs— 3. 11,3; Louis-
V jlles— 6, 12, 1. Batteries— Kilien and fcug
den: Cunningham and Miller. Umpire—
E BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept. 21.-Score : Brook
lyns—3 6, 5; Bostons— s, 8, 3 Batteri s— Danb
and Grim; Stivetts and Bergen, Umpire—
U WASHINGTON. D. C , Sept. 21. —Score: Wash
inetons—4, 6, 4; New Yorks— B, 10, 1. Bat
ttrJes—Mircer and McGuire; Mcekin and War
ner Umpire— Lynch.
BALTIMORE, MD., Sept. 21.— Score: Balti
mores _lo, 13. 1; Philadelphias— 6, 9. 1. Bat
teries—Hemming nnd Kobinson; Carsey and
Grady. Umpire— Hornung.
San Jose Poultry Shout.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 21.— The Santa
Clara Valley Poultry an-i Kennel Club
will hold a poultry show in this city from
November 18 to 21. It was originally in
tended to bold a dog show in connection
with the poultry exnibit, but owing to
the difficulty in holding them both at th
same time the kennel show has been post
poned. It will probably b6 held next Jan
uary or February. The committee in
charge of the poultry exfiibit is meeting
with much encouragement. Poultry fan
ciers from all over the State have ex
pressed their intention to make exhibits.
CROSS' WORK AT STANFORD.
Palo Alto Football Candidates Already
Show the Effect of His
Advice.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
21. — Coach Cross had the men out this
evening, and from the vim and spirit
which the players put into their work it is
pretty certain that his arrival has already
had its effect. The men go at the game
with moro dash, and, while t:ieir playing
is full of fumbles and is very ragged at
present, Cross says that before the game
on the 10th of October, with the same
amount of energy, he will have a winning
team in the field. Just now he is drilling
the men on quick starting and accuracy in
falling on the ball. For, as he says, "there
is lots of chance to save and to make
ground if all the players are speedy at
falling on a fumbled ball."
The linemen, too, are receiving a great
deal of attention, and it is evidently Cross'
idea to make the Stanford line so strong
that Berkeley will be unable to move it
down the field in the second half of the
game as she has done in some former
games.
Professor Angell, who takes great inter
est in the students' athletics here and has
identihed himself with their interests heie
as much as any other member of the fac
ulty, is convinced that Stanford'a chief
weakness in the past has been the over
training of the men. To this he attributes
the fact that Stanford always shows up
best in the first half of the game and
Berkeley in the second half. Cross is also
of this opinion from what Walter Camp
has told him and the descriptions he has
read of the contests. This he intends to
j avoid by giving the men less work than
I heretofore, but devoting more time to sig-
I nal work and developing the endurance of
the men Dy running and other like exer
cises.
Of the backs, Cross is well satisfied with
the material with which he has to work
and expects to develop some first-class
players from among the number of aspir
ants for Varsity honors.
Stanford ra. Berkeley.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Sept,
21.— 1t has already been decided to hold
the intercollegiate freshman football con
test with Berkeley on November 14, twelve
days previous to the big game on Thanks
giving. Both events will come off at Cen
tral Park.
AN AWKWARD MISTAKE.
A Washington Official Is Twice Arrested
in Switzerland as a Criminal
From Montevideo.
BERNE, Switzerland, Sept. 21.— An
awkward mistake on the part of the Swiss
detectives has caused great annoyance to
George F. Curtiss of Washington, an as
sistant librarian of the American Con
gress.
When Mr. Curtis arrived at Grindelwald
he was pounced upon by detectives, who
mistook him for a criminal from Monte
video, for whom they were searching.
Mr. Curtiss was locked up despite his
energetic protests, but later the produc
tion of his passport and other documents
convinced the police that they had made
an error.
He was tnerefore released and profuse
apologies were made to him for the unfor
tunate mistake. Mr. Curtiss then pro
ceeded to Geneva, where the police made
the same mistake as to his identity and he
was again locked up.
It was impossible for him to convince
the authorities of Geneva that he was not
a criminal, and finally be was compelled
to telegraph to Hon. John L. Peak, the
American Minister at Berne, telling
him of bis predicament- Mr. Peck at
once laid the matter before the Govern
ment with the result that the release of
Mr. Curtiss was immediately ordered.
TINAN APPEALS FOR AID.
Asks for Protection ns a Citizen mf the
United States.
PARIS, France, Sept. 2L— The fact
that Patrick J. Tynan, the alleged
j dynamite conspirator, who was arrested
iat Boulogne-Sur-Mer, has applied to Mr.
: E ust is, the American Embassador to
| France, and to President Cleveland, de
| manding protection as an American citi
zen, was announced In the dispatches of
t:.e United Associated Presses on Tuesday
last, but at that time the contents of his
letter to Mr. Eustis were not known.
It is now learned that in his letter
Tynan informs him of the fact of his
arrival in the United States in
March, 1883, and bis naturalization
in 1888. He gives his place of
| residence in New York, enumerates the
members of his family and refers to Judge
! Fitzgerald, Recorder GofF and Judge
Roger A. Pryor as his friends.
He adds that be left New York with the
object of making a European tour, but
learning he was being shadowed by Eng
lish detectives he traveled under an as
sumed name. In the course of his travels
he went to Italy, Belgium and France.
It was his intention to return to New
York on September 20. Tynan pledges
his honor that he has not taken part in
any political affair in France, and that he
has done nothing beyond the ordinary
sight-seeing of a tourist.
PENSION BUREAU REPORT.
Over forty Thousand Names Added to
the Koll During the Year.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 21.—Com
missioner of Pensions Dominick Ignatius
Murphy has submitted to the Secretary of
the Interior his annual report on the
operations of the Pension Bureau for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1896, which
shows that 40,374 new pensioners were
added and 3823 restored who had
been previously dropped, making a
total of 44.247. The losses for
various reasons aggregate 44.093. The
whole number of pensioners on the rolls
June 30. 1896, was 970,678. The Corumis
| sioner states that it may now be
safely assumed that the roll from
the present time on will show a
steady diminution unless Congress should
enact still more liberal provisions. The
rate of mortality of the pensioners, par
ticularly those who served through the
War of the Rebellion, is rapidly increasing.
Arthur D. Seavey Dead.
SARATOGA, N. V., Sept. 21.-Arthur
D. Seavey, ex-Auditor of Saratoga, died
last night. He was born at Brunswick,
Me., in 1836, and in 1849 went to Califor
nia, where he formod the acquaintance of
John W. Mackay. Thiß acquaintance
subsequently ripened into stronK friend
ship. For seven years he worked in the
mines. He afterward conducted a mer
cantile business in Springfield, Cal. He
amassed a iarge fortune and removed here
in lstjO.
Killed Bia Wife and Mother-in- Law.
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 21— Antonio
Cuazee shot and killed his wife and
mother-in-law, Mrs. Mary Qninn, at a
ranch near Woody, twelve miles' from
here, yesterday. Jealousy was the cause
he claiming that his wife was unfaithful
Noted English Jurist Dead.
LONDON, Ekq., Sept 21— The Right
Hon. George Denman, P. C, formerly
Judge of the Queen's Bench division of
the High Court of J ustice, died to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1396.
STOCKTON STILL
TO THE FRONT
Now Catering to the Race-
Going Public of
the State.
FAST EVENTS DECIDED.
Some Good Horses Were Entered
and the Sport of Kings
Was Enjoyed.
ALL ABRANGEMENTS PERFECT.
The San Joaquin Valley Agricultural
Society Elated Over the
Great Success.
STOCKTON, Cal., Bept. 21.— The thirty
sixth annual race meet of the San Joaquin
Valley Agricultural Society opened with
an attendance that bids well for its suc
cess. The Sixth Regiment band of this
city contributed to the pleasures of the
day for the fair ones and their escorts in
the erand stand, ana Killip & Co. looked
to it that the betting fraternity gathered
in the ring was not neglected.
The day was cool and pleasant, and the
track, considered one of the best in the
State, was in fine condition. The arrange
ments for the comfort of the public were
perfect. The trotting was judged by Sen
ator £. F. Laugford and the president of
the society, F. D. Cobb. The timers were
C. L. Orton, W. H. Parker ana Charles
Owen. W. P. McNair, whose splendid
starting has given such general satisfac
tion throughout the circuit, dispatched
both the trotters ana runners in faultless
fashion.
The Australian starting-gate was a nov
elty in this part of the country and made
an instantaneous hit.
F. E. Mulnolland, a San Francisco turf
scribe, placed the first horses past the
wire in the running events.
The energetic and wide-awake officers of
the society, not to be caught napping at
the post, have concluded to keep a pace
with the metropolitan racetracks by set
ting Wednesday aside as "ladies' day,"
the fair sex passing through the gate with
out admission fee.
The horses of the fast clashes will not be
seen out here before Wednesday. To-day
was given up to a couple of running
dashes with moderate fields starting and
a district trot in which the hats were
badly chopped up before the final decision.
Gladiola, ridden by Little Woods, a prom
ising lightweight, who was picked up for
$1 in pools of twenty-three, took the open
ing six-furlong scramble. The favorite,
Grady, headed Miss Pollard out in tae
mile run, and General, who sold in the
field, captured the trot, to the unconfined
joy of his colored driver, Harrison.
The opening betting on this district trot
favored .Baby W, the bla< k daughter of
Wilkesdale, who brought $10, Schmale $6
and the field $5. Schmale, driven by his
owner, Professor Schmale, ana hooked to
an exercise cart, made his field look like
common cattle in the first heat by win
ning "off" from the favorite in 2:84^.
There was no change in the betting, for
the Baby was just as warm a choice as
ever for the next heat She took it from
Scbmale rather handily, and then there
was a lull in the pool-selling. In the thira
heat, though, a new factor sprung up,
General finishing in front of the favorite.
The field now sold a slight favorite over
Baby W. General's colored driver got the
Fallis •■hoss" home again first in the
fourth heat, "and dar was some genuine
consternashun in ac camp of the even
ing." General now brought $10 againsi $4
for the whole field. Rev. Green got up
behind Joe in the heat following and
through some picturesquely windine and
intricate piloting got that horse to the
judges ahead of General. But in the last
heat General outstayed Joe, taking the
heat and race. The time of this heat was
2:33%, the best of the race, showing the
winner to be a horse of stamina and game
ness.
In the closing pools sold on the six fur
long scramble, Jim Bozeman and Ricardo
sold equal favorites in the betting, each
bringing $10 with the field going for $6.
Irma made the running until well into
the stretch, when Gladiola assumed the
lead and won cleverly in I:l4 J^ with Re
bellion snatching the place from Irma in
the last jump.
Auctioning on the mile dash was lively
wiih the betting slightly favoring Grady,
the Three Cheers youngster bringing $10,
Miss Pollard $7 and the field $2. The out
sider Tuxedo with Shaw up scared the
crowd with coin oh the favorite by leading
to the stretch. Grady, who had been
pocketed, gradually worked to the front
and beat Miss Pollard out very handily in
1:42^. Young Cole, who rode the winner,
shows much improvement in the saddle;
Special trot for district horses: purses $500.
General, b. «., by Fallis by Alexander
(Harrison;......-;..... 3 8 113 1
Baby \V, bile m., by Wllkesdale
(Whltenead ana McMauus).. .....;. 21244 3
Joe, b. %., by riloi Prince (Young and
Green).. 4442 12
Bchmale, b. g., by Antevolo Jr.
(Schmale) ........ ..'....... ...... 12 3 3 3 4
•rime-2:S4S/ 4 -2:3554--2:35-2:38-2:34
-2:33%.
Six furlongs, selling; purse 9200.
W, * Maben's b. m. Oladlola, 104, by Qano
(Wood*).... i
Oakland Stable's cb, g. Rebellion, 101, by Feel-
Muting (Martin) j
W. H. Brown's b. m. Iram, 104, by St. Saviour
(I-lynn) 3
Time, I;l4>£.
Ricardo, Jim Bosnian, Regan and Uastanette
also ran.
One mile; purse $260.
Owen Bros.' b. c. Grady. 107, by Three Cbeera-
Uold Cup (Cole) 1
Shaver <fc Burllngame's br. f. Miss ' Pollard*.
109, by Imp. Idaiium by Kyrle Daly (Shepard) 2
J. 8. Macklnto-h's br.g. Tnxedo, 114, by Keeem-
Redy (bhaw). 3
Time, 1 :42i4.
Trix ana Bay market also ran.
Another district race for pacers and a
couple of running events will make up to
morrow's card.
Charles Jeffries, who will handle the
horses of Winship, arrived here from Mon
tana to-night.
Rncing Results at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 21.— Six furlongs, Joe
Hart won, Mercury second, Swifty third
Time, I :l7}£.
Seven furlongs, Henry Higgins won, Heseen
second. Dew of June third. Time, 1:30.
Five furlongs Horseshoe Tobacco won, Jnan
ita second, Sugar Foot third. Time, 1:03.
One mile, Garland Bar won. Topmast second
KBmsin third. Time, 1:43 V.
Bix' furlongs, Indio won, Miss Baker second
AlvinW third. Time, I:ls}*. '
Six iurldngs, Tommy Rutier won, Damocles
second, Mamie G third. Time, 1:16.
NO TOLLROADS IN aHASTA.
Supervisors Declare Traveler a Over
Highway May Not Be Assessea,
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 21.— The matter
of the validity of the Camden Toliroad
Company's franchise came up for final
bearing before the Board of Supervisors of
this county to-day.
For a great number of years the Camden
toll road has been used for public travel.
It extends from a point just above Shasta
to the Tower House, a beautiful soot
owned by Charles Camden, the owner of
the road.
Tolls hove been collected by Camden.
It was claimed that some time ago the
company's franchise expired, and, failing
to apply for a renewal, the franchise was
invalid. Complaint was made and the
District Attorney instructed to bring pro
ceedings to investigate the matter.
Tha parties interested appeared before
the Supervisors to-day and the matter was
disposed of by the Supervisors authorizing
Camden to collect no more toll. Camden
claims he has a right to charge toll and
proposes to do so.
The Supervisors notified him that on
the first oomplaint he would be arrested,
and as he insists on taking toll a test case
may be looked for in a few days.
MONTERET'S WOULD-BE SUICIDE.
Alfred Diaz Thrice Wooed Death and I»
JVotr Battling for Life.
MONTEREY, Cal., •Sept. 21.— Alfred
Diaz, the young man who a few weeks ago
attempted suicide here, was taken this
morning to San Francisco to undergo an
X-ray examination. Diaz tried to shoot
himself with a revolver. The bullet
entered his right side and presumably
lodged there, but the physicians have been
unable to locate it and are therefore
anxious that the new system of internal
photopraphy should be tried. The doc
tors informed young Diaz that if the ball
was not found and removed he would die.
Diaz came to the conclusion that, after
having three times attempted to take his
own life and failed, he would rather live.
Diaz is a young man about 24 years of
age and a member of one of the oldest and
most respected Spanish families in Mon
terey. No cause has ever been found for
his trying to kill himself.
KILLING AT COULTERVILLE.
John Temetti Ends the Life of Louis
liruxchi With a Bullet.
COULTERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 21.— John
Vernetti, the shift boss in the Tyro mine.
shot and killed Louis Bruschi, one of the
proprietors of the Riverside saloon, at 8
o'clock this morning.
A few minutes before the killing the
two men quarreled, but settled their diffi
culties and shook hands. Vernetti said
he was going home and asked Bruschi to
come out into the road, as be wished to
talk with him. Brushi followed him, and
the two men talked for twenty minutes
in a low tone, when a shot was fired.
Marin County'a Tax Rate.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 2L— The
Board of Supervisors of Marin County
held a special meeting to-day to fix the
tax rate for the ensuing year, as follows:
State fund, 42,9 on $100; county funji, 25;
school, 13.5; hospital, 5; refunding bond,
first series, 3; second series, L 3; third
series, 3; railroad refunding bond inter
est, 5.2; refuding bond fifst series re
demption, 13.5; road fund, 25; total, $1 30.
The school district building funds were
apportioned as follows: Corte Madera,
20 cents on $100; San Anselmo 10, Sauna
lito 4, special taxes, Black Paint 100, No
vato 25, Eastland 8, Pacheco 20, San Pedro
75, Sausalito district building bonds 47.
Giauelli Hunch Sold.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 2L— The
famous Gianelii ranch was sold to-day by
the Sheriff for $58,903. Mrs. Gianelh, the
plaintiff in the foreclosure proceedings,
was the only bidder. There were forty de
fendants in all, including the Kenwood
Land Company. Some of the defendants
will probably redeem their homes within
the six months allowed by law, but many
of them will lose the amount paid in in
stallments and several years of hard labor
in improvements.
Uint at Xorth Takima.
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash.. Sept. 21.—
In an incipient riot here yesterday one
man was badly injured, and warrants are
out for eight prominent merchants. The
merchants keep open to secure the trade
of the Indian hop-pickers. Spotters in be
half of the Sunday-closing League were on
band and several fights took place. Spot
ter Stackbouse was thrown out of a store
and badly beaten on the head and neck by
merchants and sympathizers.
Iron Mountain Smelters Running.
REDDING. Cal., Sept. 21.— The smelt
ers at Iron Mountain have resumed opera
tions with increased force and capacity.
The plant is working smoothly and is a
complete success. About 1000 men are
now employed and before the end of the
month 2000 will be employed. Five hun
dred roasters are being built. The com
pany expects to enlarge the plant and
s-ays Keswick and vicinity will be a second
Denver in the course of a year's time.
Freano Injunction Suit Argued.
FRESNO. Cal., Sept. 21.— The injunc
tion proceedings instituted by J. C. Shep
ard to restrain the Valley road from con
structing its track in front o' h's residence
on Q street were argued before Judge Ris
ley of the Superior Court to-day. Sbepard
waß represented by L.L. Cary, the local
Southern Pacific le^al representative, and
the Valley Road Company by E. F. Pres
ton. Judge Risley took the matter under
advisement.
Eureka Banker tiadly Injured.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 21.— Isaac Cnll
berg Sr., president of the Home Savings
Bank, received serious injuries to-day by
being thrown from his carriage. His right
hip was broken in two places. He is 73
years of ape, and it is believed he cannot
recover from the shock.
Woolen Mill Closed.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 21.— The San
Jose Woolen-mill closed for the season
Saturday night after a run of six months.
Owine to the depressed condition of busi
ness it was impossible to dispose of the
mill's output at a profit. Last year the
mill was operated eight months, and pre
vious to that time it was in operation
practically the year round. One hundred
hands are thrown out of employment by
its closing.
The Parker Hill Contest.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Sept 21.— 1n the Par
ker will contest the day was occupied in
reading the deposition of William Law of
New Haven. The deponent thought Par
ker acted queer at times, ana said that
Parker complained that if he lost a $50,
-000 damage suit then pending against him
he would be compelled to go to the poor
b >use. The contestant will probably fin
ish its case this week.
Allender' s Second Trial.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 2L— The trial of
Harvey Allender for the murder of
Venanz Crosetti was to-day set for next
Monday. The case will probably never be
tried, as on Friday Allender will be sen
tenced to be hanged for the murder of
Miss Feilner.
Santa Clara County'a Taae.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 21— The Board
of Supervisors to-day fixed the county tax
rate for the coming yea? at $1 30 for prop
erty outside incorporated towns and $1 for
inside property . This is 5 cents lower
than last year.
ACTOR IBOHXE DYING.
Succumbing to an Incurable Malady in
a Aeu> Xorle Hospital.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 21.— Edwin
F. Thorne, the actor, is dying of an in
curable disease at the New York Post-
Graduate Hospital, where he was taken
from the Victoria Hotel on Wednesday.
He is the son of ihe late Charles Thorne
and a brother of the late Charles Thorne
Jr., who was both well known to Cali
fornia and New York theatrical audiences.
He is also related to the Mestayer the
atrical family— Charles, William and
Emily. He is a nephew of tie widow of
the late Joseph Chamberlain of Washing
ton.
POLITICS SOOTH
OF TEHACHAPI
Republicans Gain Ground
Throughout Southern
California.
MAKE MANY CONVERTS.
Active Campaign Conducted in
Los Angeles and Near-by
Counties.
GOLD DEMOCRATS AT WORE.
Leaders of the National Democracy
Striving for the Defeat of
Bryan.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. V
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 21.)
Politics in this end of the State is warm
ing up in fine style. Meetings are of
nightly occurrence in all parts of the city
and county. The banner of McKinley and
Hobart is to the front in every sectien.
The meetings are largely attended and
tremendous enthusiasm prevails all along
the line.
From now until the election the Repub
licans and sound-money Democrats will
make a red-hot campaign in Southern
California. The various organizations and
committees are all in full working order.
Chairman Charles L. Strange of the Fed
eration of Republican Clubs has arranged
a schedule for three corps of speakers to
be constantly in the field in this county,
outside of the city, up to the evening be
fore election. President A. W. Kinney of
the California State League of Republican
Clubs has a corps of assistants mailing
and distributing literature from the head
quarters of the league in the Stowell block
on South Spring street.
Chairman Bradner W. Lee of the Re
lican County Central Committee has ap
pointed his advisory committee and will
prosecute the campaign for the local
nominees with the utmost vigor. Chair
man Lee has received notice from the
State Executive Committee that Senater
George C. Perkins and Colonel John P.
Jackson will speak in Los Angeles on
Friday, October 9. and preparations for a
I grand meeting will at once be made.
I Major J. W. Kyle has been placed at the
: disposal of the County Committee for the
• week commencing October 5, and he will
speak in Pasadena, Santa Monica, Long
i Beach, San Fernando, Redondo and Los
| Angeles.
BOND AT LAKEPORT.
Bryan* a Financial i rgumtnta Answered
by a Democrat.
LAKEPORT, Cal., S-pt. 20.— Hon.
Thomas B. Bond, who has just returned
from the National Democratic Conven
tion, and who is one of the California
Palmer and Buckner electors, addressed a
large audience on financial issues here
Saturday night. He began by referring to
the Chicago platform and Mr. Bryan's
public utterances, and told what they pro
posed to do. There were three monetary
ratios — one of weight, one of Jsize and one
of value. Mr. Bryan advocated the one of
weight. He would nave the Government
coin the silver of the world and try to
make the people accept it at par when
there was only 52 cents in a silver dollar.
The Government never did, couid not
now and never could create value. All it
could do with free and unlimited coinage
wouid be to guarantee fineness and weight.
Under our present standard, he said, the
Government stood behind each silver dol
lar, or price of paper money or subsidiary
coin, and guarantees to redeem it in gold
at the option of the holder, and it was
this that made them circulate at par.
Silver has the same price all over the
world, he declared, and in order to raise
that price we would have to corner the
silver of the world. But Mr. Bryan said
that the unlimited demand would brine
silver up from 66 cents an ounce to $1 29
an ounce. If this was true, why did sil
ver and gold both fluctuate prior to 1873,
when we bad free coinage of both metals?
Fir t we had all gold and then all silver,
and if Congress could not wed them then
it could not now. It was the cost of pro
duction that created value, and Congress
could not regulate that. Prior to 1873
seven tons of silver were produced to one
of gold; now twenty tons of silver to one
of gold were produced. This was what
caused the difference in price.
And again: If thirteen of the leading
Governments of the world by demonetiz
ing silver sent it to its present price, could
one Government alont? restore it? Would
it not require an international agreement?
As a resut of this speech quite a number
of gold Democrats have come out for
Palmer and Buckner and still others for
McKinley and Hobart. The sound money
movement is growing daily in Lake
County.
SUSANVILLE CONVENTION.
Laaaen County JiepubUcaua dominate
Their Candidates.
SUSANVILLE, Cal.. Sept 21.— The Re
publicans of Lassen County held their
convention to-day. Resolutions indorsing
the National platform and pledging sup
port to the National candidates were
adopted. The contest for the nomination
of buperior Judge was decided by the
choice of F. A. Kelley over W. H. Board
man by one vote. Following the exam
ple of other counties wherein the office of
Sheriff is at present filled by an appointee
of the Board of Supervisors, the conven
tion nominated Thomas W. Wilson of
Bieber for that place. W. P. Hall, T. A.
Roseberry and W. H. Earl were elected
delegates to the Sixth Assembly District.
The nominations for Supervisors were as
follows: First District. A. E. de Forest;
Second District, Dan Cramer; Fourth Dis
trict, D. R. Brownell.
YOLO COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
Committee on Fusion Selected by the
Contention.
WOODLAND. Cal., Sept 21.— The
Democratic County Convention met in
this city this afternoon. Ninety-iwo dele
gates were in attendance. Judge J. \V.
Snowball was elected chairman. The
principal fight was between F. E. Baker
an<l W, H. Grant for Superior Jud^e.
Baker was nominated on the first ballot
by a small majority. John Nixon way
named for Assemblyman. A committee
of eight was appointed to confer with the
Populists to arrange a fusion. A platform
was adopted indorsing Bryan and Bewail,
the State and National Democratic plat
forms. Senator White, Governor Budd
and Warren B. English.
In the evening W. W. Foote of San
Francisco addressed a large crowd in
Armory Hall.
Gilroy's Bryan Club.
GILROY, Cal.. Sept. 21.— A Bryan sil-
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
j vc-r club was organized here Saturday
i evening by the iocul silverites, including
j Democrats, Populists and a few Republi
cans. Permanent officers were elected as
follows: J. M. EinfHlf, president; J. W.
Forsythe, vicr- president ; Ocar F. Mene,
secretary; C. W. Pedlar, treasurer. About
thirty-five siened the roll. Wee.kly meet
ings will be held daring the campaign.
LOB9NG VOTES TO BRIAN.
Old- Line Democrats Opposed to the
Hl'itr-Cntor Combine.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., 21.—Sena
tor White ana John W. Mitchell returned
from San Francisco this : morning on the
same train. "Silver John" is popularly
supposed to carry inside State secrets in
his innermost pocket, and in consequence
he was ' much in demand to-day by the
small-fry politicians, ward-heelers and
legislative candidates.
It has been whispered about the streets
for some days that Governor Budd is get
ting ready to turn loose the dogs of war
upon the White-Cator combine to control
two sessions of the California Legislature
in the interest of the parties to the deal.
Mitchell is known to be a warm friend of
Governor Budd's, hence to-day's jam to
see the ''Cahuenpa statesman." To a
Call correspondent Mitchell said:
"You may quote me as saying that Per
kins will not be re-elected in a thousand
years. As to Budd's right against the
Cator-White fusion scheme, I know noth
ing; but there is no question about an
amicable understanding between the two
gentlemen, and I understand tnat the
dicker will lose many a vote to Mr.
Bryan — but this is only hearsay.
"One thing you fellows have not ob
served, and that is, as I figure it, there is
a pretty good chance for a deadlock in next
winter's Legislature, wherein White will
lose nothing; and in the event of Bryan's
election he can practically control the Cal
ifornia appointments. Moreover, a dead
lock suggests the possibilities of a dark
horse, you know, and you may guess at
the rest; but Perkins will not be re-elected
— never."
Many of the old line Democrats here
do not hesitate to say that the Cator-
White alliance will iose Bryan thousands
of votes in Southern California, which is
affording Republicans considerable com
fort.
The Democratic candidates of the
fusion combine do not say they will vote
for Cator in the event of their election,
but on that point manage to cautiously
give it out that they will support a silver
man.
LOS ANGELES CONFERENCE.
Annual Gathering of .Southern California
M'thodist*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 21.—Minis
ters of the Methodist Episcopal church
of Southern California who expect to at
tend the annual conference which begins
here to-morrow in Simpson Tabernacle
have been coming into the city all day.
The attendance promises to be the largest
ever known. Bishop Foss, who tor the
past few days has been indisposed, is now
much better, and will preside durinc the
conference, which will close next Monday.
A large amount of important work has
been planned. Despite the hard times
the churches in the conference, generally
speaking, taa-'e been prosperous and peace
ful during the past year. There are no in
stances of trouble anywhere, no charges
to investigate or characters to pass upon.
The conference will be composed of some
of the ablest men of the denomination on
the coast. To-morrow will be occupied in
planning the committee work and in
assignments. The public work in the
tabernacle will begin Wednesday forenoon.
NAMES OF ELECTORS FILED.
Democrat* and Populist* Produce Certi
ficate* of Nomination.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.; Sept. 21.— The
Democratic and Populist parties have
filed certificates of nominations of Presi
dential electors with Secretary of State
Brown, together with the nomination and
acceptance of the auditing committee of
each party. . The electors of the Populist
party are: S. V. Webster, Daniel McKay,
S. M. Buck, H. C. Dillon. C. H. Johnson,
D. •T. Fowler, Samuel Stewart, A. W.
Thompson, C. W. Thresher. The resig
nations of H. C. Dillon, Samuel Stewart,
S. M. Buck, A. W. Thompson and C. H.
Johnson accompany the certificate.
The Democratic electors are: *J. H.
Martin, J. Hamilton, 8. J. Allard, H. E.
McCune. William Craig, F. D. Nicol, M. R.
Merritt, J. Gutte, P. M. Wellin, of whom*
H. E. McCune, P. D. Nicol, J. Gutte
and P. M. Wellin have resigned.
■ The tickets are filed separately and with
out any appearance of fusion.
FRESNO COUNTY NOMINEES.
Republicans Select Candidate* for the
Local Office*.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept. 21.— The Republi
cans met in county convention to-day,
and nominated the following ticket:
For Assemblyman — Sixty-second Dis-
trict, W. F. Rowell, incumbent; Sixty
third District, A. C. Shaw of Raymond.
For Supervisor— Second District, T. W.
Pick:ord; Third District. A. E. Smith;
Fifth District, J. J. Miley.
Resolutions favoring the rs-election of
George C. Perkins to the United States
Senate and W. W. Bowers to Congress
were adopted. To-night Senator Perkins
and ex-Mayor W. R. Davis spoke to an
audience of 2000 people in the Barton
Opera-house.
Nailed a Campaign Canard.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 21.— The Even
ing Sun (Democratic) on Friday quoted
Homer Lautjhlin, a prominent citizen of
East Liverpool, Ohio, who was then in the
city, as saying that Ohio was going for
Bryan, and that himself, knowing Mc-
Kinley, was going to vote for Bryan. Mr.
Laufrhlin first heard of the publication to
day in Los Angeles, and wired as follows:
Los Angeles. Cal., Sept. 21.— T0 the Union :
Unqualifiedly deny pretended interview pub
lished in Friday's Evening Sun. I have the
honor to be a close personal frit-nd of that
splendid American patriot. McKinley, and I
abhor the bunko schemes of Bryan and his
party. Homee Laughlin.
Bedding's Free Silver Aight.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 21.— This was
free silver's night in Redding. The speak
ers of the evening were Hon. F. A. Cutler,
Democratic and Populist nominee for Con
gress, and Mr. Campbell, a Populist. The
speaking was preceded by a monster torch
light procession, with music, hreworKs
and transparencies in abundance.
Virginia City Convention.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nkv.. Sept. 21.— The
Silver Party County Convention met to
day and nominated a county and legisla
tive ticket. The understanding is that
those nominated on the legislative ticket
will, if elected, support J. P. Jones for j
United States Senator.
Pacific Grove Primariea.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept 2L— At I
the Republican primaries held here to-day '
to elect delegates to the Monterey County
convention in Salinas on September 26 !
the following were chosen to represent j
this city: 0. S. Trimmer, H. M. Briggs,
£. C. Scott, Charles Rosendale, Edward
Berwick, X. A. Work.
Pacific Grore Me Kint'yiten.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 21— The !
McKinley-Hobart Club, which formed
here some six weeks ago, has steadily
grown until it now numbers about 100
members. This club will take an active
part in the big rally to be held in Mon
terey on Saturday night.
■ •—
Mucker Republican Rally. '•
GILROY, Cal., Sept. 21.— A rousing Re-
pub.'ican meeting was held Saturday
evening at Rucker, near Gilroy. Hon. H.
D. Van Schaick of Gilroy was the speaker
and entertained tiie large crowd in at
tendance lor over two hours with an able
and comprehensive speech on protection
I and silver.
SB ASIA'S HRRINQ- Tit EASUREB.
County Treasurer ion's Brother
3lay Repay His Shortage.
REDDING. Cal., Sept. 21.— County
Treasurer Jackson's books are now being
exported by ah accountant, hired by Jack
son's bondsmen. The shortage is known
to be in the neighborhood of $12,000, and
i may reach $17,000. A brother of Treasurer
j Jackson, a banker of Salinas, is here, and
it is stated he will put up the sum neces
sary to straighten the defaulter's accounts
and save the bondsmen a serious loss.
\ ♦ _
Suicide at Poao.
BAKERBFIELD, Cal., Sept. 2L-J. A.
Cawthorn, a resident of this place, com
mitted suicide at Poso yesterday by cut
ting open the arteries in his left arm and
bleeding to death. He arrived at the Poso
ranchhonse on Saturday evening and
gave evidence of having been on a spree.
He was allowed to sleep in the bunkhouse,
ami left there early yesterday morning.
Nothing was s«en of him after that until
this morning, when his body was found on
tho bank of the Calloway canal, a short
distance from the ranchhouse. He was a
native of Louisiana, 46 years of age.
,; j NEW TO-DAr. . ;
LAME BACK,
v-.v ;■ : ' ■ ■ - ' ■
Weak Kidneys, Lum-
bago, Rheumatism!
and Sciatica are
Cured by
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
A Strong Current of Electricity in Fel
by the Wearer Every Moment This
Belt Is on the Body. It Can Be Rcgu-
■ latcd by a New Patent Regulator, go
■as to Slake It as Strong or Mild as
You Want It.
mHE DULL. ACHING, TIRED FEBL-
-*- ing that comes after standing long on
tne feet, the sharp pains whicn shoot
along the spine, and the weakness in the
loins are evidences of relaxed, weak
muscles, which can : be contracted and
vigorous strength given them by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
It conveys a steady, soothing current of
electricity into the weakened muscles, giv-
ing them a healthy nerve power, which
revives them. It makes them strong;. It
is curing hundreds every month.
See what this man ?ays:
T ; LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 8. 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I used your
Belt for lamb back six weeks and it cured me
after the failure of all other remedies in the
shape of- porous plasters, Hnaments, etc. I
found relief as soon as I put the Belt on. I
am in the plumbing business at the following
i address and will take great pleasure in recom-
i mending your Hell. Thankfully yours,
GEO. DUNET, 341 New High street.
It Cures Lame Back
In from two to eight weeks. If you suffei
try it. It will save you many doctors'
bills. Book, with full information, free.
Address or call =Zj • :..-
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street. San Francisco,
' Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; » a. m. *•
8:30 p. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES : AT: ■ .
XOS ANGELES*, CAL., I PORTLAND, 08,
804 Bouth Broadway. | 253 Washington sire«tt
McKIEEY INVISIBLES
THIS TUESDAY NIGHT, Sept. 23,
AT THE .
AUDITORIUM,
COR. EDDY AND JONES STS..
COLONEL HENRY I. KOWALSKY,
THOMAS B O'BRIEN, Candidate for Congress,
A DDIE L. BALLOU will address the meeting.
CHAS. M. SHORTRIDGE will preside.
: ■■•'■-., ■ ■ ■■--—.- ■ .
ELLA ELLIS, "The American Vesta Tiller,"
In Campaign Songs. ''"."■■. ■ ■
SaM BOOTH GLEE CLUB In Something New.
Galleries reserved for Ladles and Escorts.
By order of Board of Directors.
A. G. BOOTH,, President.
THEO. RKILHKKT, Secretary.
FOR HcRUJLETaI HOBART!
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES
•? • WILL ADDRESS THE
WAGE-EARNERS OF m FRANCISCO
IX
■ - PIONEER BXJILiIDIITCa-,
- Fourth St., between Market and Mission, '.'
TUESDAY EVENING, SEPIEMBEB 32,
Under the Auspices of the
National Republican League of San Francisco.
TIREY L. FORD, President.
EUGENE F. BEKT, secr-tary. -
COUGHS AND COLDS
EL ' '8 H»JSEOLA BALSAM is a sure Rem-
edy for cough ). colds, sore - throat and for asthma.
ft]iiiifs IS ' i** soothes, quickly
\ti*(s&^2£^" abatos the couch and
Bi^S^^^^^f^~^^ renders expector*-
M
Jf«ft rive Dene(it from lta
Er 1 r% l^^i^pm^ iffi&Jr use - Many who sup*
fSujjSp^?^k*«\ATa?' P ; se their cases to be
J^H^kMtSU^Sr*"^ consumption are only
JJkE chronic cold or dpep-
-1 BBeßS^SffWKS*ig^ seated cough, ofrcn
W^fc^gaj^^-^ assravaied b3' ca-
\ \ TSS^Trr^^ **^" "SJ^'iSiL tarrh. For,catarrU
us* Ely's Cream Ba.m. .tsoth remedies are pleasant
to use. Cream Balm, COc per bottle; Plneola Bal-
■an, 25c. Sold by Druggists. - =■• ■
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St.. New Yorfc
Rl^gPß. DALL'S REISVIGOPaTOR
THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
(MM li&A; all losses in 24 hours. itestore3
• Manhood, Enlarges* Small Organs,
THIS SECRET REMEDY stopa
all losses in 24 nours. Restores
Man:iood, Enlarges Small Organs,
($n BBS; cures Emissions, Impotency, Varlco-
wf* WSh cele, Gonorrhuj.i, Gleet. Fits, ; Stric-
hx ljAl> tures, Blood Disease antl all wasting
5&3 VSs; effects of -elf Abuse or Kxoesses,
SSfeaSSa Sent sealed, !?'_' per bottle, TllitKfcJ
BOTTLES, -$5:-- guaranteed to care any case. -
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITLfIE,
:■ ' 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ■
All private diseases quickly cured. Send for
tree book, SSBBS9HMBBB9BHBBIMa
34
MORA HONORED
AT SANTA CRUZ
Farewell Reception to the
Retiring Bishop of
Monterey.
SOON LEAVES FOR SPAIN
Parishioners Attest Their Regard
for the Venerable
Prelate.
PRAISE HIS NOBLE CAREER.
The Good That He Has Done to Cali
lornians Recounted in a
Tender Address.
SANTA CRUZ. Cat.., Sept. 21.— The ven
erable Bishop Mora, who ha 3 just resigned
the bishopric of Monterey and Los An
geles, was the recipient of a farewell recep
tion at the pastorage of the Holy Cross
yesterday, preparatory to his departure to
morrow for San Francisco and Los An
geles, thence on the 19th of October for
Barcelona, Spain.
The address on behalf of the parishion
ers was read by J. 11. Leonard, a member
of the Youug Men's Institute. It was one
of masterly tenderness, and was listened to
by Bishop, priest and layman with rapt
attention. It recounted the days in the
early forties, when the young man left his
Spanish home of luxury to brave the hard
life of Western Amercia; how he was
ordained one of the first three priests in
this djocese in 1856; how ne had by daily
and hourly taking up the cross and the
thorns won the miter in 1375 and for
twenty-three years had been Bishop of this
diocese. It dwelt upon his great love for
all children, especially orphans; his keen
foresieht aud able judgment in placing
Rev. Father McN'amee in charge of Holy
Cross Parish, Santa Cruz, wherein during
his service of the past fourteen years such
vast improvements had been made, sucli
as the Holy Cross Church and the Centen
nial Arch. The address closed with the
words:
"Kind Bishop, farewell. You go from
our midst to seek that well-deserved rest
which comes to those who entered early i
into the vineyard of our Lord and bore the j
heat and the toil of the day. Our fare
well is one of sacred memories— memories
sanctified by our great religion and our
humble Master."
Bishop Mora displayed visible signs of !
emotion when he thanked his parishion- {
ers. He alluded to the good feeling which j
had always existed between himself and j
non-Catholics — not only -"rotestants but j
Hebrews — and tbe Kindness and assistance i
be had received from them. He spoke of
Father McNarnee as a father speaks of his
loved son. He pointed with pride to the
pastor's work and closed with a benedic
tion upon tbe parishioners assembled to do
him such honor.
lirief speeches laudatory of the Bishop
and Father McNamee were made by Lieu
tenunt-Governor Jeter, Senator Burke,
Superior Judge Logan and C. K. Younger.
Father McNamee made a brief address,
supplemented by a few words from Father
Dord, and thus closed tbe faithful public
life of Bishop Mora in Santa Cruz.
UEL aiOXTL'H litCSVHii.lt VISITOR.
One of the SlephitiM Mephitica Tribe
Slain on th« Grounds.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. 21.— The sun
shone brightly on this eventful morning
at Del Monte, and the opening notes of
the morning concert by Huber's orchestra
wooed the belated breakf asters from their
mccl to the pleasant piazza. The news
gent was busy arranging his wares in
tempting positions upon his stand in tbe
corner of the porch. Suddenly the tip of
his nose elevated itself and at the same
instant the noses of the musicians under
went a change, and they gazed round
amazed while the plaintive air they were
rendering was suffered to drag a trifle too
perceptibly. A man who was seated at
the opposite end of the piazza was readkig
a New York paper. He dropped it, sniffed
disgustedly and went indoors. Just then
a knot of ladies walked through the oilice
gayly talking, but upon opening the door
the talk ceased instantly, and handker
chiefs, books and anything else available
went quickly to their noses, and they
turned immediately back into the office.
Soon the porch was deserted save by the
devoted orchestrians, whose melody grew
more plaintive till finally it ceased in one
long, despairing wail, ana they too went
indoors to spend an intermission in taking
breath.
Finally, Frank Casserly, equipped with
his inevitable pipe in full blast, opened
the door, passed out through tbe porch
and on into the grounds unscathed, but
another man trying to follow his example
turned back from the door vanquished.
Just as Professor Huberand his coworkers
were about to return to a voluntary mar
tyrdom a shot rang out upon the sunlit
air, and then a Chinaman's shrill shout,
"You shootee him heap good," and all
that remained of a full-grown polecat was
tenderly conveyed from the driveway in
front of the hotel to its last long sleeD in
the all-embracing arms of mother earth.
The tragedy was ended and Del Mante
reoumed Us smile. As to the animal:
"Requies(pole)cat in pace."
WEDDED AT SANTA CRUZ.
Charles Rammer and Slit* Marian Good
' win Joined, for Life. . "
SANTA. CRUZ, ■ Cal.,: Sept. 21.— Miss j
Marian Goodwin of Watsonvllle and
Charles Hammer of Santa Cruz were
united in marriage at the Pope House at
noon to-day by Rev. C. OvTilJotson of
Calvary Episcopal Church, Uy reason of
the strong popularity of bride and groom,
both from representative families of local
society, unusual interest attached to the
ce>remon7. The full Episcopal service was
intoned and the intermezzo from "Cflval
leria Rusticana" and the "Angels' Sere
nade" were played during the ceremony.
The floral decorations were superb and the
gifts numerous and costly.
Among the guests were: Miss Evelyn
Pope, Mrs. Anna Pope, Misses Amy and
Edith Dck of San Francisco, E. Hammer,
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Hihn, Miss Tessie and
Agnes Hihn, Richard and Ralph Thomp
son, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Peakes of Stock
ton, Dr. B. Plant and Mrs. Marie Gerard.
The bride and eroom left amid a shower of
flowers and rice this afternoon for San
Francisco. •
SASTA ROSA'S INDIAN SCARE.
Jied.ikina Drink J>'irotoater and Start
Upon the Warpath.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 21.— A band
of Indians employed in picking hops in
the outskirts of tois city succeeded in get
ting hold of several gallons of red wine
yesterday, and at once went on the war
path. Five big bucks became crazed with
liquor, and, arming themselves with clubs,
made an attack upon the whites in the
hop-elds. There were many women and
children encamped In the neighborhood,
and the iierce warwhoops of the red?kins
frightened them almost into srnsms. A
posse of officers from this city was soon on
the ground and after a bard struggle suc
ceeded in handcuffing the ringleaders and
landing them in the county jail. Should
the person who sold the Indians the wine
be discovered the full penalty of tbe law
will be his share.
FATAL FALL AT AURDRA.
Ulrs. Jlary Holan of Portland l'lungts
f )•«»»« o Uridge.
AURORA, Oe., Sept. 21.— Mrs. Mary
j Dolan, wife of a Portland merchant, who
! has been visiting friends here, met with a
I fatal accident yesterday. She and another
1 woman, accompanied by a gentleman, had
I been attending a dance, and on their way
j home were obliged to cross a bridjre in
I course of repair. The pathway over the
; bridge was a plank, and Mrs. Dolan was
I the first to be taken across by her escort.
B lie was admonished to remain quietly on
a certain spot until the other woman was
brought over. Instead, Mrs. Dolan moved
I about, wnen suddenly her foot struck a
j jackscrew and she was precipitated a dis
j tance of forty-eight feet over the partly
dismantled bridge.
The unfortunate woman gave one scream
of despair during her rapid descent to
death and after that never uttered a cry.
When assistance reached her she was dead.
11 er body was sent to Po.-tland.
Highway Robbery bear Chieo.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 21.— T. E. Koon, a
I fruit peddler, was on Saturday afternoon
i robbed of $75 by a highwayman on the
j Frattville road sixty-five miles from this
city. Koon was returning from a peddling
trip iti the mountains. When near what
19 known as the Dig Summit a man ap
-1 proached him and aaked for a ride. The
: peddler allowed the stranger to take a
seat in li is wagon, when the man placed
the muzzle ol a snote tin to his heau, de
manding money. Koon, taken by sur
! prise, surrendered the money he had,
! about $7"). The robber then alighted from
j the wagon, still covering Koon with his
■ g"n, and made the peddler drive down the
j road. Then the robber disappeared in Hie
brush.
DARING FEAT AT SUMMIT
Frank Rodriguez Crosses Cascade
Canyon oa the Guard Rail
of a Bridge.
Wins $300 by Risking His Life (n a
Snow- Topped Timber Three
Incfces Wide.
SUMMIT, Cal., Sept. 21.— Frank Rod
rigues, a daring young Portuguese, this
morning successfully walked across tbe
3-inch guard rail, 400 feet from terra
lirma, on the bridge spanning Lower Cas
cade Canyon, and won a wager of $300.
He is employed a 9 a sectionhand at Cas
cade, and by his daring wait of less than
two minutes he realized more money than
he could earn on the railroad In six
months. Harry Denton, a young gam
bler, who doubted Rodrignes' ability to
walk the rail, is onts3oo, but is not crying.
"Rodrigues is welcome to every cent of
it. Any man who can muster the nerve
to cross that rail as did Rodrigues, and
under the sam« conditions, is welcome to
all my money," said Denton after the feat
had been accomplished.
The trip was made shortly after a heavy
snowfall and the rail was covered with
snow, on which the snn was at the time
shining, causing it to melt rapidly.
EUREKA'S FAIR OPENED.
The Big Pavilion Contains Over a Hundred
Booths and Many Minor
Displays.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 21. — Enre_a's
first Agricultural and Mechanical Fair
opened to-ni«ut. In the new pavilion are
over 100 finely decorated booths, besides
many minor displays. The opening pro
gramme consisted of a speech by Presi
dent Daniel Murphy, an address of wel
come by Mayor Stafford, a talk on the
benefits of the fair and the resources of
Hum bold t County by Hon. Georire W.
Hunter, Jaoge of the Superior Court, and
a musical concert by Cassasa's First Kegi
ment Band. The celebrated Japanese
acrobats arrived on theWeeott to-day, but
will not perform until to-morrow.
Most of the laitest professional riders on
the coast are now here in readiness for
Wednesday's bicycle races. Two passen
ger steamers arrived to-day and a third is
expected to-morrow, bringing the excur
sionists from Crescent City and Southern
Oregon. The town is elaborately decor
ated with sequoia evergreens, tastily ar
ranged bunting and numerous dags. The
Hoo-Hoos have demanded representation
at the fair and "Wednesday night has been
assigned to them. S. L. Everett, an occu
pant of cell 23 of the Chan/ber of Horrors,
will arrive to-morrow to lead the con
catenation. The racing begins to-morrow.
SANTA BARBARA INSTITUTE.
j Teacher* Conrene in Annual Sestion in
i/te Southern Town.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 21.—
The Teachers' Institute of this county
convened here to-day in the high school's
pleasant new quarters in what was until
recently the San Marcos Hotel. Teachers
are not only present from ail parts of the
county, bnt many outsiders are on hand,
making tbe largest attendance known for
years. Among the prominent visitors are
Mrs. C. L. Place, who holds the chair of
pedagogy at Stanford University, and Pro
fessor C. H. Keyes.president of the Throop
Polytechnic Institute.
The programme presented to-day was
an admirable one. Mrs. Place filled* three
_ umbers, her first theme being "The Aim
of Education," the second ''Home Geog
raphy as a Basis for Later Work" and the
third "Books and Children." Professor
Keyes closed the afternoon session with
an eloquent talk about "The Recitation. "
Stanford Frethmen Elect Office™.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal,. Sept.
21.— Stanford's freshman class met to-ilay
for the purpose of electing officers for th»
ensuing j-ear: The following members of
the class were selected: President, Hi_
ley; first vice-president. Braden; (second
vice-president, Miss Streeter; secretary.
Hunt: treasurer, White; sergeant-at-arms,
Adams; athletic committee, Birch ; ex
ecutive committee, Higley; baseball man
ager, Loughlin: clns« executive commit*
Ue—Hayden, Lewis, White an<l Beckett.
BolUiter Paator'a lirqueat.
HOLLISTER.CAL.,Sept. 21.-Rev.W. M.
Winters, a prominent divine of Methodist
Episcopal Church South, died here last
evening after a lingering illness. He left
300 acres of the most valuable land in the
valley, which he bequeathed to the board
of missions of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South. The beqaest is valued at
130.000.
Forger Vearh. Adjudged Inaan*.
LOS ANGELES. Oal., Sept 21.— Forger
Veach, who tried to hang himself last
Wednesday morning in the County Jail,
was pronounced insane . this ; morning . in
Judge Smith's court and committed to
Highlands. He was to have been tried on
a charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses at Pasadena.
♦
San Benito County's Lery.
HOLLIBTER, Cal., Sept. 21. — Tbe
Board of Supervisors fixed the tax levy of
San Benito County at $1 35 on $100 valua
tion. This is the lowest levy for ten years
past.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
REPAIRS NEEDED
AT THE CAPITOL
Secretary of State Brown
Files His Biennial
Report.
WHERE COIN IS WANTED
Improvements on the Public
.Building at Sacramento
Recommended.
HOW TO LESSEN EXPENSE.
Servants of the People Not Always
Diligent in Seeking to
Economize.
, SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sspt. -I.—Secre
tary of State Lewis H. Brown has tiled
his first biennial report with the Gov
ernor, and it will shortly go to the State
Printer. The report is one of the most
explicit in detail that has ever been issued
from the Secretary of State's office.
After reciting the duties entailed upon
the occupant of the office, the document
sets forth that pardons have been granted
in nineteen felony cases, 027 felons have
been restored to citizenship, pardons were
granted in 17 misdemeanor cases, sen
tences of 45 persons commuted, 12 re
prieves of sentences granted, .24 procla
mations offering rewards in murder cases
issued, 390 land patents were signed,
157 C notaries and 50 commissioners of
deeds appointed, 224 executive appoint
ments made, 22 bonds approved, and 4
proclamations issued. The report gives a
full list of articles of incorporation tiled,
number of certificates issued and attested,
and shows the total receipts of the office
since July 1. 1894, to be $46,552 93 for fees
and sale of statutes, stationery, etc.
In speaking of the Capitol building the
Secretary of State says:
Notwithstanding the large amount of money,
expended during the past lew years upon the
building In repair;; and improvements, I find
I the interior o( many of the offices, the roof
' and the plumbing of the building sadly in
j want of repairs, and find that many uncom-
I plimentary comments are made by visitors on
i the condition of the interior of the building.
The entire structure should be ventilated, as
; when erected ventilation was entirely ignored.
The basement is never free from the foulest of
; air. Many parts therein are as free from light
i as "Egyptian Darkness." There is no fire pro
> tection and standpipes should be erected
| reaching to the attic for use in case of fire
I catching in the dome. The walls surrounding
1 the corridors are sadly iv need of whitening
: and the lavatories are of antiquated plum Ding
; and a menace to the health of the mates of
■ tl.e building. .
During the rains ot two winters the roof has
i leaked badly in many places, requiring over
I twenty tubs to catch the drippings, and being
of copper . and extremely susceptible to the
heat of the sun it is impossible to make it rain
proof.
The report then recites all the improve
| ments that have been' made during the
: present administration With the limited
] funds available.
After giving a list of appropriations and
, expenditures and making certain recom
: mendations .relating, to the care of the
State archives the report recommends
j the introduction of electric power to op
i crate the pumps, claiming thereby a sav
| ing to the State of $2000 annually. The
I construction of a well is also recommend
ed in order to secure water for irrigating
purposes and for use throughout tbe build
ing. This, it is estimated, would result in
i a saving of $1800 a year to the Slate, that
i amount how being expended for water.
Tne amending of section 410' of -the'
Political Code relating to the fees of the
Secretary of Slate's office Is also advocated,
as is the act relating to the tiling of certi
ficates, etc., and after including full es
timates of all the expenditures, etc., the
report closes with the following:
To economize has been our constant nim.
Retrenchment in tbe State government should
: receive the first consideration of every ofliclal.
He is but a servant of the people and often a
: dispenser of their money. It is due to the
people of California, and the taxpayers in par
; ticular, that economy should be enforced in
, all departments of the State government. One
i should not be extravagant or careless with
public money. Because an appropriation is
I made of $100, 000 the sum should not be ex
pended, simply because it is available, when a
less amount will answer the purpose for *vhich
' tbe appropriation was made. A study should
j be made how to save, and not how tosoend.
The people should be enlightened in detail
; where their 'money is expended, and the ne
cessity for all public expenditure?.
The State Board of Examiners should not be
j clerical, but all that the title implies. Much
is expected ot the board by the people, but it
j is not at present clothed with sufficient power.
The board should be the legal body to exam
ine into all State affairs, and by doing away
with the worthless but costly expense of hav
ing members of . the Legislature make their
Diennial tours the State would save thousands
of dollars. It is very unsatisfactory to approve
claim after claim presented to the board with
out a thorough knowledge of said claims, tne
cost of the items of supplies in the open mar
ket, quality and quantity furnished, and the
j labor performed. The State should get value
I received in all transactions. and the benefit of
I a doubt when there is one. An inventory
should be made of all State property bien
nially, a debit and credit account opened with
each institution and department and all prop
pert)' belonging to the State properly entered.
The Inventory can be made by the proper offi
cials without expense and reported to the
State Board of Examiners. : ..
All pub.ic funds should be kept sacred and
intact for the specific purpose for which the
appropriation was made, nor shtrsid any ex
penditure be permitted nor a charge against
the State created unless the appropriations for
said expenditure* are previously made by the
Legislature. The practice of enacting laws re
quiring the payment of public money without
the necessary appropriations, thereby necessi
j tating payments . from other funds, following
the custom "first come, first served," causing
a deficit in the general fund to the loss and
inconvenience of regular claimants and offi
cials, and opening the doors to deficiencies, is
wrong in principle, injurious to the people in
practice and vicious irom a business stand
point. -,* All moneys received in behalf of the
Mate, no matter from: what source or by what
person, should be paid direct to the State
treasury, and contingent and other funds not
provided for by appropriations should be pro
hibited by ; law. So Stale money - whatever
could then be expended without being drawn
from the treasury rough the regular channel.
It is not sufficient for. an official to save what
he can to the taxpayers by.cuttintr down the
appropriation for bis particular office, institu
tion, board or commission whenever potgible,
not using all the appropriation if be can avoid
doing so, permitting no deficiency, but he
should be equally watchful of other appropria
tions, claims for which pass through his hands.
The official who makes -no attempt toward
economy U not doing ; his , duty to the people,
•nd is deterring of censure.
■ From the condition of things one would be
compelled to : believe, as a result "of investiga
tions, but little care has been manifested in
protecting. the interest of the taxpayers. Fre
quently : men I follow in the footsteps of their
•predecessors, keeping in the same old rut, fol
lowing ola-time customs, without the thought
or care of improvement or the welfare of their
constituent. It is not sufficient that an offi
cial or employe should mechanically earn his
(salary, but If he will he can more than save
his salary and often many times over by proper
devotion to the welfare of the State. An offi
cial should have not only the desire as well as
the best of intentions to do what is right, but
should make it his business to go out of his
way and .if necessary investigate public ex
penditures,- pain a practical knowledge out
side of his office as well as in it of the necessi
ties for the vast appropriations of State money
that are made. 2 He should go into details and
familiarize' himself with the conduct of State
institutions, and ascertain upon what business
lines they are being conducted. The transac
tions of this Slate are j large, footing up mil.
lions of dollars per annum, and its affairs
should be conducted upon ttrictly business
principle*,
CLAIMS AGAINST THE STATE.
Sundry Bills Considered by fhe Board of
Examiners— The Coyote Scalp
Casi Arouses Wrath.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 21. — The
State Board of Examiners met this after
noon with all the member:, present. After
passing the usual routine bills the claim
of T. M. Broderick for $151 71, loss of coal
falling into tbe bay from wharves known
as section 4 in San Francisco, was consid
ered and rejected.
The bill presented by the Risdon Iron
Works in the sum of $12, 150 14 was al
lowed. This is the first contract on which
pay-out begins in the San Francisco depot
fund. «
A. Greeninger, chairman of the Board
of Supervisors of Santa Clara County, will
be subpenaed before the board to explain
why a number of children for whom tbat
county has been drawing State aid have
not increased in age for the last two years.
Greeninger swore to an affidavit tbat he
knew each of the beneficiaries, and that
each was under the age of 13 years. The
returns show that John Breeman was 13
years old on July 1, 1894, and tne same age
on January, 189 G.
J. J. Cook, who rented tbe Stoneman
House in Yosemite Valley, presented a
bill for $100 paid in advance on rent by
him Defore the hotel burned. Governor
Budd presented a telegram sent to him by
Mr. Cook on August 20 asking for consent
to close the hotel, stating he had been los
ing money. The Governor referred Cook
to tbe Valley Commissioners. Five days
later the hotel was burned. The bill was
laid over.
The claim or C. S. Merrill for takin- j
testimony at a court-martial in San Fran
cisco, amounting to $113160, was rtcom- I
mended to the Legislature. This had
been referred to Secretary Brown, who
reported favorably.
The claim of the estate of A. H. Wing,
killed during the strike by the accidental
discharge of a musket in the bands of one
of the National Guardsmen during the
strike, was recommended. Wing was on
the public streets aud was not opposing
the guards stationed at the armory in
iracramento. Tne bill was pa#sed by the
last Legislature and pocketed by Governor
Budd.
The matter of coyote scalp claims was
brought to the attention of the Board of
Examiners, to-day and the board has
unanimously declared for war. It seems
tbat the country has been flooded with
misleading circulars sent out by collection
agencies and law firms.
CORBETT ASKS MUCH.
Demands 0.000 to Agree to I'lght
Here, Whether the Match Comes
Off or >*ot. . ' . -
A reDort was current yesterday, and was
given credence by an evening paper, that
Shsrkey and Corbett hud agreed to fight
ten rounds in this City before the Eureka
Athletic Club for a purse of $12,000. " , "■;;
The Eureka Club obtained a permit yes
terday for a tighten November 21, and it
was said this was for the great contest.':
Alfred Ellingbouse, who was said to be
handling the matter, was not about hi?
usual haunts last evening, but little faith [
was placed in the story by local sDorts.
As an argument against it and in sup
port of his assertion that the National
Club is still in the negotiations he showed '
the following telegram received from Cor
bett yesterday : " ,<
Asbcey Pau'k, N. J.. Sept. 21, 1890.
v J. J. Groom, 91,! Market street, San yranciteo: \
You deposit $10,000 with Examiner at once
■ for Sharkey and I to box ten rounds, and we to
receive purse whether or not fight is pulled off. ',
We will fight between tne _Oth and 30th of
November. Saw Lynch and this is satisfactory '
to him. i Answer at once so I can maice prepa
tion 8 to go out there. ' James J. Cukbett.
"Corbett would hardly have signed !
with this new concern, of which no one
seems to know anything, on : the me day
that he forwarded this," said Mr. Groom. |
WISH TO ARGUE AGAIN
The County - Government Act May
Again Come Before the Supreme
Court. *
Garret McEnerney, acting as attorney
for the Board of Election Commissioners
of this City and CouiHy,' filed a petition
with lie Supreme Court yesterday ask
ing for leave to make an oral argument in
■ favor of an application for a modification
of the opinion of the court in the suit of
Julius Kahn vs. Adolph ; Sutro et al., in
effect to determine the tenure of offices of
local incumbents. At the beginning of
the petition Mr. - McEnerney gives his
reasons for asking for this unusual privi
lege. Briefly summed up, these reasons
are before the decision in this case, hereto
fore lendered, shall have become final, the
'time within which to make nominations
for municipal offices and the time within
which to call an election to till such
municipal offices will' have expired; that
if a rehearing should be granted about the
thirtieth day after the date .of that
opinion great confusion and uncertainty
will a ise; that the respondents are reluc
tant to abide by the judgment pronounced
heretofore until it shall;. have become
final by the lapse of thirty days from the
rendition thereof or by, the refusal of the
court to order a rehearing. : . !
THE CITY THEATERS.
"Divorce" at the Alcazar Attracts a
Crowded House.
"Divorce/ 1 Daly's great society play,
was given to a good bouse at the Alcazar
Theater last evening. John T. Sullivun
acted well the part of Alfred Adriane, the
bußband who found marriage a failure.
Frank Doane was amusing as Templeton
Jilt, a divorce lawyer.
Miss Amy Lee had a good opportunity
to display her versatility in tbe character
of LrtTen Evck. Mrs. Henry Vanderboff
created a favorable impression as Mrs.
Ten Eyek, and James B. Polk ks De
Wolf de Witt was particularly good as
an authority on the management of wives.
The play i 9 full of very arousing situa
tions, is well put on as to accessories, and
deserves to draw a crowded house every
night.
JiVoli Opera-J-iouse.
The grand opera company returned to
the Tivoli last night with an excellent per
formance of "The Huguenots." '
. jKe Columbia.
"In Spite of All," the • modern ■ name for
."Anselmß,",thai was first brought out in the
United State's by . Minnie Maddern. ~ was pro
duced by the Frawley Company at the Colum
bia Theater before a full and fashionable
audience.
-i ' i i «
JKe OrpKeum.
There was as usual a full house lest night to
witness the new people at the Orpheum Music
HalL a The most wonderful of these : is Master
Walter Leon, a 9-year-old ' boy, who : ii an ' ex
traordinary mimic.
At the GKutes. .
The performers at the Chutes . appeared . be
fore a good audience ia the ■ Casino last even
ing. ,; : -■
Qrarvd Opera-House. '
There was a large ; bouse : at the* Grand last
night to welcome the star cast which Manager
Morosco has engaged to shine ! for 1 V limited
time In his firmament BHB*9BHRS:
• The play was "Mr. Potter of Texas," and it
had evidently been largely, chosen to give L
R. Stock well a chance of revealing himself in
a congenial role. This expectation was no;
disappointed; indeed, ? the hit of • the even
ing was made by Mr. Stockwell,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
TO OUST KERN'S
LEGAL ADVISOR
Grand Jury Files Charges
Against the District
Attorney.
DEMANDS HIS REMOVAL
Alvin Fay Accused of Having
Retained Money Due the
County.
_-—_-_-—
TOOK FEES WHILE ON SALAEY
Drew From the State Treasury $670 ;
for Prosecuting Foreclosure
Suits-
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 21.-The
1 Grand Jury now in session has riled an
I accusation aeainst Alvin Fay, District At
torney of Kern County, to have him re
moved from office. The proceedings are
based upon the charge that be collected
$670 from the State of California for fore-
I closing the interests of delinquent pur
chases of State school lands. After re
citing the facts of bringing the sixty-seven
school land suits, the accusation states
' that Fay presented a claim for costs in the
! sum of $4053 04 to Controller Colgan, and
j it was allowed by the State Examiners
, and paid by the State Treasurer. The
{ claim included an allowance of $10 altor
j ney's fees for each suit, amounting to $670.
I Tlie accusation declares:
That said Alvin Fay, while acting in his
official capacity as District Attorney of Kern
j County, ia which capacity he prosecuted said
: actions and received payment of said sum of
I money h> aforesaid, is not now and was not at
I any time or at all entitled to receive for his
: own use or benefit the ?aid sum of $670 so
i collected by him, or any part or portion
\ thereof; but that said sum, and the whole
I thereof, inured to said Kern County, and said
; county was aud is entitled to said sum of
i money, and the whole thereof, and it became
! and was the duty of «aid Alvin Fay to collect
the said sum of $670 from the State of Cali
fornia and pay the tame over to the Treasurer
of Kern County, for the use and benefit oi
I baid county; but, disregarding his said duty,
and having the said sum of $670 m
his possession and control, as aforesaid,
by virtue of his sala trust, ho, the said
Alvin Fay, did, on the 20th day of
May, 1880, wllliully and fraudulently and
! corruptly and contrary to the due and lawful
I execution of his said trust appropriate tbe
said sum of $670, and the wnole thereof, to bis
I own use, knowing the same to be wrong, and
1 wit ti a willful and fraudulent and corrupt in
-1 tent to convert the same to his own use,
thereby to defraud said county contrary to the
force and effect of the statute iv such cases
; made »nd provided, and against tbe pence and
dignity of the people Of the State of California.
Wherefore plaintiff and said Grand jury
i pray that said defendant, Alvin Fay, be only
; cited to appear before the honorable court,
! and that upon duo hearing hereof said Alvin
; Fay be removed from his said office as District
Attorney of Kern County, State of California.
The District Attorneys of counties of
! the class of Kern are paid $2000 for all
services required of them by law. The
foreclosure of the interests of delinquent
! purchasers of State school lands in the
I respective counties is a duty imposed by
law upon District Attorneys where so di
rected by the Stiite. Mr. Fay has served
I one or two terms of office before as Dis
; trict Attorney, and it was his custom to
retain all such money for his own use.
Dunnp that time the District Attorney
was allowed to retain certain fees, but
now under the present county govern
ment Act he is paid a salary.
Mr. Fay was in Los Angeles when the
\ accusation was filed and has not yet re
! turned. What his defense will be cannot
1 be foretold. It is said that be maintains
I that he is legally entitled to retain such
! money. The demand for Fay's removal
! is said to have emanated directly from the
i office of the Attorney-Generai.
THE TRIAL AT VISALIA.
Ira Hawkins Gives Damaging
Testimony Against
Ardell.
Says H; Resembles Lovren's Com
panion en the Night of th:
Tagus Affair.
VI3ALIA, Cal., Sept. 21.— Some dam
aging testimony against the defendant
was given to-day in the case of the Peopie
vs. Charles Ardell, charged with com
plicity in the attempted robbery of a
Southern Pacific train on the night of
March 18 near Tagus.
On June 13 Charles Araell testified in
the Lovren case that he had met and
drunk with Dan McCall on the Monday
preceding the attempted robbery, aud that
he asked McCall what he was doing. Mc-
Call said be was chopping wood, Ardeil
said, "Isn't this pretty hot weather chop
ping wood." McCall replied that it was,
but that he and his partner intended to
take a lay off and go to the mountains for
a trirj. In refutation of this testimony
Hon. Alfred Daggett, the father of Earl
Daggett, the young Under Sheriff who de
fended the train and tired the shot that
killed Dan McCall, was called and testified
as to the condition of the weather during a
portion of March. On the 7th of March,
at 6 a. m., it was frosty and the thermome
ter registered 36 degrees. On March 16,
17 and 18 the weather was somewhat
cloudy and the mercury ranged from 58
to 73 degrees.
Tbe surprise of the day came when Ira
Hawkins took the stand and reiterated his
testimony given in the Lovren case.
Hawkins said he WU awakened about 2
o'clock on the morning of the 19th of
March by William Baleh. He drives the
'bus from the Palace Hotel to the depot,
and as he was going out of the hotel to
attend to hi 3 work he saw Si Lovren and
another man drive east along Main street
hi a buggy with me top thrown back.
They were going at a pretty fast gait,
and tin; horse appeared to have been
driven hard. They turned from Court
street into Main, and the light from the
hotel fell full upon Lovren's face. The
two men drove to Church street and
there turned south. A few minutes after
this Ardell and Clark came up to the hotel
and took a drink.
Hawkins testified that the man with
Lovren closely resembled Charles Ardell.
Counterfeit* in Plenty.
GUTHRIE.O.T., Sept. 21.-Harrison Har
mon, Thomas Hen and Edward Harring
ton were arrested yesterday on a charge of
counterfeiting. A bushel of counterfeit
half-dollars were found near tiieir camp
and they are believed to be part of the
gang who have flooded the whole Territory
with counterfeit halves and quarters.
NEW TO-DAT.
I «H W /fr^gi 9m\ \iR S^**Ss_-_fST-s^__:
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 29. 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon. > \ *
AT OUR SALESROOM, '638 MARKET ST.
__________
business KOPEK f'fte AND !
SHIPLEY STKJSETS.
Southwest corner of Fifth and Shipley streets-
Front building on Fifth street, stow and 6 rooms I
rear building on Shipley street, 2 French flats; full
rents $56: streets In bituminous rock and cement
walk on Firth street; Fife. -»T*et cars and ilarket-
street line: corner lot, 25x75.
FELL ST.-IMPKOVKI) PROPERTY.
North line (Nos. 408 and 40Sy 3 ) of Fell street,
82:6 west of beta via.
Improvements— '& flats of 7 and 5 rooms and
oath; also on Unden avenue, front, * flats of 3
rooms each; i all income 53; Fell street and walk
bitumlnized; 'Linden avenue in basalt block;
Haves-street cable: large lot, 26x120 feet, through
to Linden avenue.
MISSION HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
West line (No. 161) of Clara avenue, 168 feet
north of Eighteenth street, near Douglass.
Pretty cottage of 6 rooms and bath; street
sewered, praded and macadamized ; cement walk
andiron fencing; Elghteenth-sireet electric-cars ;
loi 28x1 38 feet.
RICHMOND CORNER.
Northeast corner of California street and Twen-
tieth avenue. ■
A large, line business corner with small building
containing store and 4 rooms; Sutro Klectric and
California-street cars; large corner lot, 29x120 feet.
TWO -MISSION COTTAGES.
Southeast line of Arlington street, 413 feet south-
west of Itouuoke, 379 and 381 Arlington street.
Two pre:tr bay-window cottages of 4 rooms and
bath; In fine condition; bin one minute's walk
from San Francisco and ■ San Mateo electric road
rents $10 each; will be solo, singly; lots 25_95
MUM.
BADEN CORNER LOT.
-Xc ar Baden station, on the 8. I*. R. R., and on
the main county road, San Francisco and San
Jose; also within a few feet of the electric-road
terminal.
This la a iarg? and choice triangular business
corner; would pay to build a roaduouse on It;
travel is very large passing same; examine it:
must be sold; corner triangular lot, 14*2x162x89
feet.
TARGE MISSION KESIDENCE LOT.
North line ; of Twenty-second street. 152:9 feet
east of .Sanchez; Mission and Twenty-fourth sreet
electric; large building lot, 60:11x114.
SOHTHSIDE-UOUBLB LOT.
, East line of Kleventh avenue. 100 feet north of
J street; double lot near Golden Gate Park : H-street
dummy and Metropolitan electric; lot 50x1-0 feet.
FOR ACCOUNT WHOM IT MAY CON-
CERN.
North line of Greenwich street, 80 feet west of
Broderick: a large, fine residence lot, all ready for
building; Union-street cable; large lot, 51x8 J and
90 feet. -— ■ • ,
SVjtiS ALSO .
Northwest corner of Rhode Island 'and Yo:o
streets; lot all ready for building; streets bitumln-
ized and sewered; Voirero-avenue road; lot 60x75
feet. ■■••' ■ ■ >-- ■■"-,- ...
ALSO
An undivided one-half Interest In about 13 acres
planted in orange trees 4 years old, located in the
thriving town of Ihcruia.iio, near Oroville, Buite
County. •• • -„
tar The above three properties are sold for ac-
I count whom it may concern, for cash, subject, to
confirmation. t
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., "
638 Market st. - Auctioneers.
"2" ■ ■■ An A laxative refreshing for
1 H M! fl X fruit lozenge,
I 111 nit very agreeable to take. :
CONSTIPATION
_____ _ ■ ■__ ■ ■ hemorrhoids, bile,
B 1] on lE. Ml l0 *' °* appetite, gastric and
Ird PJ TIV intestinal troubles and
■ ■■ ■• ■ ■• ■■ headache arising
.• .•; from them. ■
Anil I ARI K. GUILLOX,
ivroSi 5 1N 33 Rue dcs Archives, Paris.
WHlbUyll Sold by all Druggists. .
J_Mg7 VfILCOX COMPOUND
T7INSY» PILLS
mm Safe and sure relief, never faiL others :
mm are Imitations. At all druggist*, write for
«3§S Woman* Safeguard FREE. AviLCOX _I_M-
™ s " crsx Co., 228 50. Eighth St., Philada., Pa. .
THE PHYSICIAN OF THE HOUR.
That Doctor Cook is a true specialist of
the very highest attainments has long
been known throughout the medical
world. That he is now so regarded by the
sick people of San Francisco and the
slope is indicated by the vast number of
them who continue to seek his profes-
sional services from day to day. They go
to him for help because he is an upright,
honest, high-minded gentleman as well as
a great physician who i 3 able to cure every
curable disease with which humanity is
afflicted.
In the treatment of Lost or Weakened
Manhood and their long train of distress-
ing symptoms; in the treatment of Gon-
orrhcea, Gleet, Stricture and Syphilis; in
the treatment of Varicocele, Hydrocele.
Atrophy or the wasting away of the or-
gans; in the treatment of these and simi-
lar sexual ailments Doctor Cook is beyond
tl-.e shadow of a question the leadin?and
most successful specialist in the United
States to-day.
Doctor Cook cures not only every Kind
of sexual debility, deformity or decay, but
REDUCTION IN /T\ fll
Clearance Sale. \jV\ r\V*YV*\
1890 <*a^_y $65.00. XS >P&£^
» Prep*»rinc for Next Season.
:%3tWshnx- 1896 TANDEMS $99.00.
JO. 1 IDEALS $49.00.
WJ^f—. ¥ JSP m 2.4 andSIDEALS, S39.OO.
' li '^^-^ I 'WBM--H-_B__MH^Sjw£« - . Ail New. Guaranteed One Year.
GEO. A. FAULK^EB, Oakland Agent, cor. Twelfth and Webster S to.
• szw to-dat: j
SOLE AtIENTS FOR THE
to AQGIONI KID GLOVES.
.
Startling
Values
In Our
I Underwear
Department.
Profit and cost lost sight .
of in out Great Sale of
Underwear This Week.
Nothing: like it ever
offered to the public of
San Francisco.
These are but a few of the many
Big Bargains to be had at
this Great Sale:
Ladies' Silk Vests,
Swiss ribbed, in low neck and no JT Or*
sleeves, in all colors, worth. 85c «-»*-/!_.
. each. : Sale price Each.
Ladies' Ribbed Tests,
In Egyptian cotton, high neck and
, long sleeves and low neck and no OCp
-• sleeves, color ecru, worth 50c each. _i««-'w
Sale price.. Each.
Ladies' Combination Suits,
Ribbed Merino, high neck and
long sleeves, in white, natural <I*l Kf|
and black, worth $2 25 a suit. *P 1 • «-'>-'
, Sale price A Suit.
Ladies' Combination Suits, ; .
In wool, Swiss ribbed, high
neck and short sieeves and
low neck and no sleeves, in fIJO (*\(~\
white and natural, regular H>_£i«V«'V«r
■ price $3 75 a suit. Sale price. *, A Suit.
"Badger's" Underwear.
Misses' Eibbed Wool Vests and fZr\f+
l'antalettes. regular price $120 v-»v-'v*
each. Closing : out price.. :.. Each.
Ladies' Ribbed Wool Combination Suits,
In high neck' and. short <CQ Cfj
. sleeves, ■ regular price $3 65. ..S>^»yV
• .. Closing-out nfice '.:... ; A suit. .
- See Display of Underwear In our Show
Windows This Week. .
See our Latest Styles in Veilir Just'
lImM tLEVKI
; NEWMAN & LEVINSCN,
' '125. 127. 129, 131 Kearny Street.,
I BRANCH STOKE— 743 and 744 Market St
he also cures Piles, Fistula, Rupture and
Chronic Catarrh. He pays particular at-
tention to ailments of the Eye, Ear, Nose,
Throat, Brain, and to diseases of the Heart,
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and Urinary Organs. Female complaints
of every character also come within his
specialty.
If you have any of the above afflictions
do not give up in despair. Consult Doc-
tor Cook, who cures where other physicians
only experiment. He has no substitutes,
but he himself, personally, goes thoroughly
into each individual case anc' carefully
follows it through ail its various stages
until completely cured.
Doctor Cook's system of home treatment
by mail is perfect, and if you cannot call
write. Te!l everything fully and without
reserve. The Doctor's office is located in
the heart of San Francisco, at 865 Market
street, opposite too Baldwin Hotel. His
hours for consultation and treatment are
from 9 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. si., except Sundays, when they are from
10 to 12 a. M. only.Proceedings and Nominations of Four Municipal Conventions.
THE RAINEYITES
WERE SATISFIED
Sam's Rule of the Junta
Convention Is Not Fur
ther Disputed.
FOR SUPERIOR JUDGES.
All Nominations Will Be in Open
Convention by the Rainey
Majority.
THE LEGISLATIVE TICKET.
Murasky, Dunne, Borden and Sander-
son for the Bench and J. C.
Bunner for Surveyor.
Sam Rainey'f convention drew a crowd
last night big enough to till Odd Fellows'
Hall to the doors. The galleries were
largely filled with curious Buckieyites.
The Democratic politicians expected to
enjoy something lively, but nothing fierce
occurred. The auti-Raineyites, having se
cured the nomination for Mayor, will not
interfere with Rainey and Lanigan getting
what they want out of the rest of the
ticket and they will swallow it and say
nothing.
A copy of the new charter was
on every Beat when the doors opened,
but a majority of the " push "
scorned the copies. Chairman Ragan
started out with an evident intention to
hold the convention down to order, and as
nothing occurred to ruffle the temper of
the Rainey majority the convention was
disorderly only in a free and easy way.
The convention assembled late and ac
complished little. The legislative ticket
was approved with one exception after an
hour's consideration. The exception was
in the Thirty-seventh District, where
Harry I. Muicreevy proposes to hang on to
the nomination by the Buckieyites o' the
district which tie has also received.
The convention decided to have no com
mittees to report tickets for the judiciary.
Board of Supervisors or Board of Educa
tion, and when the judicial nominations
were taken up the convention went as far
as the Superior Judges and adjourned
after nominating Frank H. Dunne, Frank
J. Murasky. A. A. Sanderson and Rhodes
Borden.
The delay in starting the proceedings
resulted from the inability of the commit
tee on platform and resolutions to agree
on the committee plan referred to it and
it was 9 p. m. when Chairman Ragan
called tbe impatient assemblage to order.
Secretary Saulman began calling for re
ports when Eugene N. Deuprey plumped
an innovation into Democratic conven
tion methods. He wanted it told who the
Legislative candidates were and suggested
tttat tbe chairman of the discrict delega
tions be called to the platform to give the
desired information. Mr. Deuprey didn't
anticipate that he was springing a circus
on the crowd.
The chairman ordered the process with
out taking a vote and called the chairman
of the Twenty-eighth District delegation
to come to tne platform. P. D. Mullaney
responded and tbe circus began with the
great big guffaw that rose, mingled with
shoutings ( f funny things.
"Mr. Lacy was born and raised in our
district. He has been employed in Wells-
Farpo's and he's about 25 years of age,"
was the identification finally given.
A delegate wanted to expedite matters
by quitting the operation, but Mr. Deu
prey declared, "We are expected to act
like intellectual beings and not like a lot
of cattle," and the process continued.
The information about John Allen of
the Twenty-ninth, given by Mr. Brannan
amid the jollity, was simply that Mr.
Alleu had lived in the district several
years and would carry it.
P. J. Farrell of the" Thirtieth said that
Eugene J. Hannon was assistant superin
tendent of the Youth's Directory.
Chairman Ginty of the Thirty-first was
greeted with a revel of cheering and josh
ing.
Some time later the chairman an
nounced that James P. Brady was a young
architect.
They had a lot more fun with Mr.
Grady of the Thirty-second. W. H. Mc-
Ivor *of the Thirty-sixth was asked by
Osgood Putman if Henry McGrath had
not been nominated by "another so
called Democratic convention," and Mr.
Mclvor explained that he had, but had
resigned.
Thomas J. Burke, chairman of the dis
trict, said that Harry Muicreevy was the
only Democrat in the district who could
carry it. He is in the Recorder's office,
pnrtMr. Burke was sorry to say that he
was on the Buckley ticket.
This started another kick about the in
dorsement of Bjckieyites, and Thomas F.
Barry moved that the report of tbe Thirty
seventh be referred back to the district
convention, with instructions to act. The
motion was carried.
Charles S. Peery of the Thirty-eighth
was identified as a young attorney, and J.
6. Wardeil of the Thirty-ninth as a news
paper man.
Healey Davis told that Frank A. Schmitz
of the Forty-first was a foreman in a
plating works, a native son and one of the
most popular nominees on tbe ticket.
Bernard Augonett of the Forty-second
turned out a coal merchant, and George
M. Rubenstein of the Forty-third a barber.
Edward S. Ryan, the nominee in the
Forty-fourth, is a boot and shoe man.
Clitus Barbsur spoke for William Gately
of the Forty-fifth.
The Senatorial nominees were likewise
vouched for, though little information was
given.
Harry I. Muicreevy of the Thirty-sev
enth was allowed to speak in his own be
half. He said in reference to the Buckley
nomination that he had been indorsed at
a mass-meeting, but he had not been offi
cially notified of any nomination.
All the nominations except that of the
Thirty-seventh were approved Dy the con
vention. It was announced that the
Thirty-seventh District convention would
reconvene tlais evening in Judge Troutt's
courtroom.
The Legislative ticket as approved was
as follows :
SENATORIAL NOMINATIONS.
Seventeenth District— Samuel Braunhart.
Nineteenth— Lawrence J. Dwyer.
Tv.enty-first-Hugo K. Asher.
Twenty-third— Sidney Hall.
Twenty-fifth -John Feeney.
ASSEMBLY NOMINATIONS.
Twenty-eig nth-Eugene D. Lacy.
Twenty-ninth— John Allen.
Thirtieth— Eugene J. Hannon.
Thirtv-first^-James P. Brady
Th irtv-second-Wai Jam H. Harrison.
Jhirty-third-George B.l.Godfrey.
Thirty-fourth— Frank Mahoney.
Thirty-flfth— Lawrence J. Dolan.
Thirty-sixth— Henry McGrath.
Thirty-eighth-Charles A. Peery.
Thirty-ninth— J. S. Wardeil.
Fortieth— M. L. Manzer.
Forty-first— Frank A. Schmit*.
Forty-second— Bernard Angouett.
Forty-third— George M. Rubtnateio.
Forty-fourth— Edward S. Ryan.
Forty-fifth^WiUiam Gately.
Alex. T. Vogelsang, chairman of the
committee on resolutions, took the plat
form, when, at 10 o'clock, the legislative
matter was finally disposed of, and sub
mitted the committee's report on tbe reso
lutions referred to it, providing; for the ap
pointment of three committees to report,
respectively, nominees for judicial posi
tions, for tbe Board of Supervisors and
Board of Education.
The committee recommended that no
committee on judicial nominations be ap
pointed, such nominations to be made in
open convention.
The committee unanimously recom
mended that Supervisors be nominated
by the convention at large. [Much ap
plause.] It was further recommended
that names be called for by wards, and
that names be handed to the secretary in
writing, no further action to be taken upon
them for three days.
As to the Board of Education there was
a majority and a minority report, the
former favoring the committee plan and
the latter recommendme nominations in
open convention. Tbe minority report
was signed by six members.
Eugene N. Deuprey moved the adoption
of the rrajority report, but it was decided
to take up the recommendations seriatim.
The first and the second portions of the
report were adopted without discussion,
the second with applause.
The minority report regarding School
Eddie Greaney Talks Politics.
Directors was quickly adopted, without
discussion, and tnus all nominations were
left with tbe convention as a whole.
Alex T. VogeUang nominated J. C. Bun
ner for Surveyor. Mr. Bunner was nom
inated by acclamation.
William Asmussen, the candidate for
Treasurer, being present he appeared for
a moment and indorsed the platform
briefly.
On motion of James E. O'Donnell judi
cial nominations were taken up, and ex-
Senator H. C. Gesford named for Superior
Judge, Frank H. Dunne. There were
cheers for Dunne.
Eugene N. Deuprey followed with the
nomination of Rhodes Borden, now in the
City and County Attorney's office.
James E. O'Donnell nominated ex-Jus
tice of the Peace Frank J. Murasky.
Alex T. Vogelsang nominated A. A. ex-
Judge Sanderson and M. C. Hassett pre
sented the name of Thomas E. Ctirran.
When nominations were closed Eugene
N. Deuprey put in a request that Mr.
O'Donnell state the fact that his candidate
has resigned "another nomination," re
ferring to the nomination by tbe Buckiey
ites of Frank J. Murasky.
The process of voting for four of the five
candidates by rollcall was a tedious one.
Tho result was as follows: Dnnne 556,
Murasky 541, Borden 526, Sanderson 443,
Curran 212.
The first four named were declared the
nominees for the Superior bench.
W. L. Rodgers offered a resolution de
claring in favor of the payment of the
City's floating debt. Another resolution
favored a pure primary law, and a third
by E. P. E. Troy created of the chairman
ot the convention, the chairman of the
Mr. Ginty of the Thirty - First
Received the Ovation of the
Evening.
committee on platform and the chairman
of the general! committee a committee to
Bee daring the ensuing two years that
nominees of the convention, if elected,
carry out the pledges of the platform.
These resolutions were referred, without
debate, and, it being near midnight, the
convention adjourned until to-morrow
evening.
The following names were handed to ihe
secretary as candidates for the ticket of
Supervisors:
First Ward— William Jordan, 703J4 Davis
street.
Second Ward-Thomas H. Hasting, 1812}^
Stockton street. \,
rrhird Ward— J. 1,, m. Bhetterly, insurance, 511
Montgomery street; P. M. Delaney. with J. J.
O'Brien & (Jo., 630 Sacramento street.
Fourth Ward — Alphonse Hirsch, Jackson
and Mason streets.
Fifth W*rd-Dr. G. E. Sussdorf. Occidental
Hotel; E. \V. Barke, Occidental Hotel.
Sixth Ward— Thomas J. Finder, 134 Sutter
street.
Seventh Ward— Harry I. Bremer, 37 First
street.
Eiehth Ward— Colin M. Smith, Bohemian
Club; Frank Conklin, 333 Golaen Gate avenue.
Ninth Ward— Terrence O'Brien, wood and
coal, 17 Klncon place; P. I>. Mullany marble,
673 Harrison street.
Tenth Ward -A. Tillman, 313 Minna;
Chanes Gildea, Registrar's office, 969 Mission :
Dr. T. A. Rot tanzi, Harrison and Third
Eleventh Ward— James E. Brett, plumbine
325 Tenth; John Mitchell, Twenty. fourth and
Harrison; John 11. Grady, real estate 8526
Twenty-fourth; Frank Lester, superintendent
Atlas Iron Works, 632 Tennessee.
Twelfth Ward— Thomas W. Rivers grocer
Hayes and Octavia. '
Dimond Is Loyal.
Joseph I. Dimond, the candidate for
Mayor of the Buckieyites, has returned
from the country, and declares that He is
in the fight to stay and to win. Many pol
iticians have been wondering daily if Di
mond would really run against Phelan
and if he would not resign before the local
campaign was fairly opened. Mr. Dimond
wants co set at rest any doubts about his
bavins entered the race in good faith and
about his determination to stay in it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
Mr. Davis Speaks Right Out.
Horace Davis said :
"1 have not consulted any one about the nomination, nor has any
one consulted me. It would not be of any use for me to entertain a
proposition to stand for office. unless the party were united here.
"I could not afford to run as a candidate of any one wing of the
partyT^B
HORACE DAVES
WILL NOT ACCEPT
Nominated Without His
Consent by Mr. Kelly's
Convention.
NOT A ONE- WINGED MAN
Mr. Ruef's Declaration That
Mr. Davis Would Stand
Was Unauthorized.
ASA WELLS ACCEPTS A GIFT.
He Is a One-Winged Candidate for
Auditor— Kenry S. Martin for
Treasurer.
FOR MAYOR— HORACE DAVIS.
FOR AUDITOR— ASA R. WELLS.
FOR TREASURER— H. S. MARTIN.
These were all the nominations made
last night by the convention in B'nai
B'rith Hall.
When the convention was called to
order at 8:40 o'clock about one
quarter of tbe delegates' chairs were
vacant. These were filled up by friends of
the delegates sitting and standing in the
lobbies, at the solicitation of tbe delegates,
who were anxious to make a good show
ing as to numbers.
H. F. Sonntag called tbe meeting to
order and overruled a motion to dispense
with the call of the roll. While tbe names
were being called by the secretary two
delegates arose to protest against outsid
ers answering "here" to the names of ab
sentees. They were suppressed by the
sergeant-at-arms.
The committee on order of business
made an additional report providing that
the seats of delegates who have been or
shall be absent for two meetings unrepre
sented by proxies shall be declared va
cant, and tbe vacancies shall by the
County Central Committee.
The reading of tbe following resolution
was greeted with prolonged applause :
Whkrkas, The price to consumers of gas and
electric lighting in tnls City is out of all pro
portion to prices charged in other cities ; and
whereas, the consolidation into one corpora
tion of the San Francisco Gat and Electric
Light companies has materially reduced the
cost of production ut said gas andelectrlc;iight,
while at the same time creating a monopoly
to uphold exorbitant Drices charged to con
sumers; therefore be it!
Betolved, That this convention pledges its
nominees for the offices of Mayor and the
Board of Supervisors to reduce the rates
charged for said illuminants to the lowest pos
sible figure— not to exceed 25 per cent on ex
ceeding rates.
The resolution was referred to the com
mittee on platform and resolutions.
A resolution indorsing the nomination
of Thomas B. O'Brien for Congress from
the Fourth District was unanimously
adopted with a yell, on motion of A.
Ruef.
A. Rnef took the platform, holding be
tween his forefinger and thumb a $10 piece.
This he handed to the secretary with a
pull-back motion, but the string was in
visible and the secretary got it. He then
placed Horace Davis in nomination for the
mayoralty, and eulogized that gentle
man's record in Congress on the issue of
the restriction of Chinese immigration.
Mr. Ruef added that Mr. Davis would ac
cept the nomination, which announce
ment caused great cheering. Mr. Davis
was declared the nominee by acclamation.
Senator Mahoney moved that H. P.
Sonntag, A. Ruef, C. 8. Laumeister, E. B.
Read and Jacob Lev! be appointed a com
mittee to notify Mr. Davis of his nomina
tion.
AY. A. Richaidson nominated Asa R.
Wells for the auditorship, and he was
confirmed by acclamation.
Mr. Wells came forward, paid his $10
and accepted the gift of Martin Kelly with
thanks.
On motion of Delegate Seligsohn Henry
S. Martin was declared the nominee of the
convention for Treasurer.
Mr. Martin was not present.
Then ti:e convention adjourned until 8
o'clock this evening.
Immediately after adjournment the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District conven
tion met for the purpose of nominating a
candidate for Assemblyman from that dis
trict W. T. Kibbler, Arthur McGuerren
and Joseph Hirsch were named and an
adjournment was taken until this evening.
NOT A ONE-WINGER.
Horace Davis Nominated by the
Fakirs Without His Con
sent.
Horace Davis was seen by a Call re
porter at his residence last night and was
asked whether he intended to accept the
nomination. Mr. Davis said :
"I have not consulted any one about tbe
nomination, nor has any one consulted
me. It would not be of any use for me to
entertain a proposition to stand for office
unless the party was united here. I
could not afford to run as a candidate of
any one wing ot the party.
"Even if the party were united I would
not accept a nomination unless I were
given a good Board of Supervisors, with
whom I could work so as to secure an
honest administration of the city's affairs.
"The union of the party in San Fran
cisco will help the State ticket very much.
The State oueht to be carried for McKin
ley. Ido not think there lms been such
a vital iseue before the people of the
United States for the last thirty years. It
has obliterated ail the party lines just as
they were obliterated in 1860.
"The State election is tne great thing to
be kept in view."
TO-DAY'S CONVENTION.
A Few of the Candidates Who Will
Contest Tor Nominations.
The regular Republican County Con
vention will meet at 2 o'clock this after
noon. There will be a fall attendance of
delegates, tbe proxy system being dis
pensed with, as it is liable to all kinds of
abuses.
Thomas D. Riordan is the favorite for
the permanent chairmanship. There will
be a big fight for Street Superintendent,
the strongest candidates being Thomas
Desmond, J. P. Kincaid and George W.
Elder. A. C. Widber is a prominent can
didate for the mayoralty.
RAILROAD REPUBLICANS.
Over Four Hundred Employes
Listen to Tlrey Ford and
Colonel Robinson.
The Railroad Employes' Republican Club
met last night, over 400" strone, in Native
Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street, near
Valencia, and listened to and enthusias
tically applauded vigorous speeches made
by ex-State Senator Tirey L. Ford, who
discussed at length the advantages of Re
publican rule, and Colonel John H. Rob
inson, fresh from a tour of the northern
part of the State, and filled with encour
agement over the outlook in that section
for McKinley and protection.
Music and song were introduced as a
variation to the exposition of Republican
doctrines, and to the evident approval of
more persons than the bevy of women in
t'-e gallery. There were solos by Messrs.
Mclntyre and Secretary W. C. Cook, who
also delivered an extemporaneous speech,
not on politics, but in a vein of good
humor particularly acceptable to his fel
low-employes, judging from their repeated
spontaneous applause. A quartet, consist
ing of IP. P. Mclntyre, C. P. Mclntyre, J.
J. Rose and M. Depue rounded out the
unpolitical part of the programme with a
sentimental selection appropriate to the
secretary's harm less witticism on the
woman suffragist and the new woman.
PROTECTION IS GAINING.
From North and South Alike
Comes News of Good
Cheer.
This evening at the Auditorium, corner
of Eddy and Jones streets, the McKinley
Invincible* will hold a mass-meeting.
Charles M. Shortridge will preside. Henry
I. Kowalsky, Thomas B. O'Brien and Ad
di- L. Ballou will address the meeting.
There will be a highly entertaining pro
gramme. Ella Ellis, the American "Vesta
Tilley," and the Sam Booth Glee Club
will appear in campaign songs. The gal
lery will be reserved for ladies and their
escorts. Persons desiring good seats, or
seats at all, should attend early.
Old Tuolumna.
Judge J. G. Swinnerton, who has been
delivering Republican speeches in Tuol
urnne and Calaveras counties, reports that
men who have been voting the Demo
cratic ticket all their lives are coming out
for McKinley and protection.
Wage Earners.
At tbe meeting of the National Repub
lican League in Pioneer Hall this evening
General W. H. L. Barnes will address the
wage earners on the issues which are of
the most importance to them. A large at
tendance is expected. The Glee CluD will
be in attendance.
ALL ARE SORELY GRIEVED
Rev. Dr. Colburn of Grace Meth
odist Episcopal Church
Is Dead.
Rev. Dr. M. F. Colburn, pastor of Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church, corner of
Capp and Twenty-first streets, is dead.
He was stricken down some time dur
ing Saturday night by paralysis of the
brain.
Sunday morning Dr. Hanson was called
and so critical did he consider the case
that he called into consultation with him
Dr. Henry Gibbons and Dr. Damkroger.
All day Sunday the stricken man's tem
perature remained as high as 104 degrees.
Shortly after midnight the patient recov
ered consciousness for a short time and
asked what bad happened to him and
again became unconscious.
Yesterday his temperature fell to 101
degrees and the anxious friends felt en
couraged, but last night it arose alarm
ingly, respiration became rapid and the
pulse faster and fainter. He died at 1:25
o'clock this niorninir.
TO AMPUTATS HIS LEGS.
Operation to Be Performed Upon "Monk"
Cuminlugft, the N«w»boy!
"Monk" Cummingß, the crippled news
boy, who has been a familiar figure at
Powell and Mamet streets for two or
three years, will go to the French Hos
pital this morning to diet himself for an
operation to be performed on Saturday by
Dr. J. Albert Noble of the Emporium
building.
"Monk" is now 21 years of age. He was
born in the Northwest and while a baby
teething he was paralyzed in both legs
from the knees downward and his left
arm was also rendered a i most useless.
His parents died when he was a child.
Dr. Noble, whose office windows covered
the corner of Market and Powell streets,
has agreed to operate on the little fellow
gratuitously. The operation will be per
formed on Saturday, and it will be several
weeks before "Monk" will be able to re
sume business again, so that his friends
are not only anxious to raise enough
money to pay for his care at the hospital,
but to have something for him to start
afresh again.
TO EXAMINE DIVISION STAFF.
Governor Budd Names a Big; Board to
Perform That Duty.
Governor Budd has appointed the Di
vision Examining Board of the National
Guard of California. The officers who
will compose the board are: Brigadier-
General John H. Dickinson, retired;
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, retired, and
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks of the Fifth In
fantry.
These officers will have the duty im
posed upon them of examining the divi
sion staff for fitness for the positions
which they may be called upon to occupy.
The Division Examining Board as now
constituted is a permanent body. The
appointment by the Governor obviates
possible friction among the officers of tbe
National Guard.
Pleasure and Luxury.'
The pleasure and luxury ot a mud bath at
Paso Robles is greatly increased now since the
completion of the new bathing pavilion. All
the bathing arrangements are now on one
floor. Winter rates, $ 10, $12 50 and $15 per
week, now prevail at the hotel, and every
guest is privileged to enjoy all the different
PLATFORM OF THE
NON-PARTISANS
Adopted at Last Night's
Meeting of the Con
vention.
DEMANDS FOR REFORM.
Supervisors and Some Other City
Oificers Are Roundly
Scored.
FREE TELEPHONES AND GAB.
Commendation of the Local Wheelmen
for Asking Good Pavements
acd Streets.
Frospect Hall, in the Odd Fellows'
building, was rather thinly populated at
last night's session of the Non-partisan
convention, but what the assembly lacked
in numbers was amply made up in en
thusiasm.
The chief business of the meeting was
the adoption of a party platform. George
K. Fitch presided.
The platform prepared was read
by Mr. Sullivan. It is a
long document and promises great
things. It demands clean streets and
clean municipal government, scores
Supervisors, the "push" ana the politico
religious combinations, and favors a
dollar-limit tax on a $300,000,000 • valua
tion.
The County Clerk is denounced, and
free gas, water, light and telephone ser
vice are some of the things to which tax
paying citizens are said to be entitled. A
protest is entered against the Lmli fees al
lowed to stenographic court reporters, it
being claimed that $5 a day or 73 2 ' cents a
folio would be amply sufficient.
The action of the local wheelmen in
demanding good streets is warmly com
mended, and the position is taken that in
no case should the Superintendent of
Streets be other than a practical engineer.
Tbe new charter is indorsed with many
phrases of approval. Tbe reckless ex
penditure of public funds is roundly
scored, and a hope expreseed that tbe
Southern Pacific Company's indebtedness
may be paid in full like any other debt.
George Cumming bad an objection to
offer to the platform.
"It cannot be of any use to crush out
the spoils system," he contended, "unless
it provides for a good elective system.
Supervisors oueht to be elected by the
oeople of the wards which they repre
sent."
Ex-Mayor Ellert deprecated the caustic
references in the pla'.form to Assessor
Siebe. This caused quite a little discus
sion.
But the wordy wrangle of the evening
was between Messrs. Sullivan and Le Bre
ton as to a provision in tbe platform call
ins for a fearless District Attorney. Mr.
Sullivan in particular waxed eloquent.
'•It is not enough,'' he cried, "for a Dis
trict Attorney to be young and courteous
and popular; he must be ready whenever
it may be his duty to proceed against all
persons guilty of malfeasance in office nnd
get them over to San Quentin if they de
serve it."
Mr. Le Breton at length made it clear
that he had intended only to criticise the
wording of the section and quiet was par
tially restored.
Mr. Sullivan, however, broke out afresh
when a mention of the Assessor was
made.
"He ought to have gone to Sacra
mento," he said, "and made his report to
the State Board of Equalization, it was
his duty, and he neglected to perform it."
Mr. Ellert rejoined that the Assessor
was not obliged to present nimself before
the Board of Equalization, and should
not be censured for not doing a thing
which the law did not compel him to do.
Several others spoke warmly in favor of
Mr. Siebe, stating that the Merchants'
Association and other friends of the City
had advised him not to go to Sacramento.
The offending reference was stricken
out, and tbe platform as amended was
unanimously adopted.
But barely had the platform been
adopted when the members iell to picking
it to pieces.
"The Supervisors ought not to be de
nounced as a whole,'' remarked Mr. El
lert. "It would be better to limit our
condemnation to the "Solid Eight."
Mr. Truman offered a resolution refer
ring the section back to the committee on
platform and resolutions for revision, but
after much discussion the resolution was
tabled.
The committee on place of meeting re
ported that the hall of the Academy of
Sciences seemed in their judgment both
central and commodious.
The following committees were then ap
pointed by the chair:
On judiciary— Henley, Ellert, Jacobs, Root,
Sullivan, Ziegler, Halladie, Smith, Capp and
Gregory.
On municipal affairs— Le Breton, Cumming
Harris. Whiting, Davis, Berteling, Burr, Zeile
and Swain.
On Supervisors— Ellert, Capp, Ashton,
Lynch, Bherwood, Payne, Truman, Menzies,
Altscbul and Sbarboro.
On education— Sherwood, Perkins, Halladie,
Bonestell, Lynch. Milliken, Whiting, Deneke,
Romaine and Coll.
On priutiug— Towns, Well and Smith.
Literacy committee — Lynch, Hallidie, Per
kius, Paine, Samuels and Webster.
Mr. Le Breton caused general consterna
tion by making a motion that the mem
bers be assessed $20 a head for campaign
expenses. The amount was at length
reduced to $10, and it being put to a vote,
all promised to subscribe that sum.
The longest discussion of the evening
was as to tbe time of the next meeting,
cries of "Wednesday," "Thursday" and
"Friday" alternating with confusing
reiteration. Wednesday was at last de
clared the winner, the place to be the lec
ture ball o; the Academy of Sciences.
POPULISTS ARE CONFUSED
Dr. J. L. York's Advocacy of
Socialism Calls Forth
Round Cheers.
As usual the municipal convention of
the Populists was held at tne People's
party tent last nignt. But something that
was not usual happened. There came
very near being war over the fu
sion proposition and one delegate
went so far as to say that Populists
were making themselves ridiculous by
letting the Democrats have things all
their own way. Verbal oil was poured
upon the troubled political waters in time
to avoid any disruption ot the assemblage,
THE EMPORIUM.
The Emporium
SAN FRANCISCO, SEPT. 21, 1896.
The busiest store in town will
be busier than ever this week — Spe-
cial Sales —
Men's and Boys' Clothing,
Men's $2.50 and $5 Shoes, $1.95 and $3.95.
Silk Bordered Veils, Be.
Elegant Tall Jackets, $7.95.
Trimmed Hats, $6, $7, $9.
Men's 75c Neckwear, 45c.
New Dress Goods and Silks.
Read These Our s reat stocks of
g>t ... Fall and Winter
Clothing Clothing for Men and
PrirAc Boys are about c . om "
r i ices plete, and we believe
that nowhere else in this city can you
buy equally as well made and reliable
clothes for as little money.. It is im-
possible to sell the kinds that we carry
for less money than we ask ■ you and
live. They . are made in OUR own
New York factory, and there is but one
small profit added to the cost of pro-
duction—Ours. We do not ask you to
go blindly into the purchase of clothing:
we only ask you to come and see OUR
goods— see how we have priced them—
then act or not on your own judgment.
f^ . Men's All Wool
JL--J .. Suits— Medium and
Gp^r heavy weight fancy
T usk./ Tweeds in half doz-.
yL^/ en different color ef-
\^\j^k \l f ects and patterns;
/v *V? /A Blue and B . lack
I \ - 6 \\ Cheviots; Single
/ / -'^_ _1\ and Doubleßreasted
/^/-jr^^ ° M 1 Sacks and Cutaway
\^ vr " ■ 1 1 styles— hardly good
V— -f* • II enough for dress
I CD :\ 1 suits, but neat and
— 1 *A I serviceable Business
l — ' AM j Suits these. Accord-
I "> y /V Jff ing to the prices in
***'^ I r*^ ordinary stores they
I t ..•/'•' I . are worth much
Ij: j I more than OUR
//, / Special co c -
l/ / ij Price of . 0>y.03
An All Wool Melton sJs / I J \
OVERCOAT in^W> HI
style exactly like V> \ 1
picture,: a non-dust -^v I. I
showing , dark gray • «p|. /
mixture, wide vel- • / 'MfJ'
yet collar, stout Ital- Lf
ian lining; sleeves ■ ! S^\
. fined with striped • . 4* I
sateen. Where else L i J
can you get an Over- ".. 'T\ m T
coat like this for $10 V I
to say nothing of . Ml
OURSpe- CA kaV IJ
cial Price 5>0.5U iV\
/*^^V This Reefer Top
i*? l^?*^* ' Coat for Boys, ages
y? 3 *° Io » made of All
& $f Wool •'- Astrachan,
jf./?\i deep sailor collar,
jetShftX^fr^ white pearl buttons,
7sgP^V silkbraidtrimming.
/ '■"jL - I \ pretty dark shade of
/ ■'■': ° gA, A blue, Instead of $5
/ : *H\ ; \<ye make OUR Spe-
/ 0«O [£ l:ial Price ca n .
* Jv $3.95
This handsome lit- .';■ — J y-
tle Double Breasted J
Suit for Boys 4 to v
10 years of age, in ( If v >
All Wool Tweeds, /A I
. dark brown mixed *£s* J . w
effects, trimmed . ?
with five rows of silk braid on sleeve
and . wide collar— the thing for
school wear, v OUR Special -»*■* o _
Price ONLY /............ . fc^.3s
but everybody breathed freer when tbe
crisis was past.
After the rollcall the committee on cre
dentials gave notice that Robert Miles had
been substituted as a delegate to the con
vention from the Thirty-first District in
place of Dr. J. L. York and Dr. C. B.
Cleveland from the Thirty-ninth in place
of W. B. Dunlap.
The following delegates from the Forty
fourth were seated : Joseph L. Kehrlein,
M. A. Brown. B. J. Pye, J. K. Ross, H. J.
Wilson, M. J. Hearney, A. A. Ross, John
Keane and Robert Hamilton.
Hon. T. V. Cator was then called to the
platform amid the plaudits of the assem
blage and made a very eloquent speech.
At the conclusion of his remarks Cator
was loudly applauded.
Hon. Taylor Rogers, chairman of the
committee on platform, then read the re
portof that committee.
"We have made this enunciation of
principles remarkably brief," he began,
"and if adopted and put into operation it
will completely make useless the verbose
new charter." The platform is as follows :
PEOPLE'S PARTY PLATFORM FOR SAN FRANCISCO,
1896.
We indorse our State and National platforms
and favor the following propositions: First,
direct legislation by the people. Second, such
amendment cf the State constitution as
will permit home rule in taxation and
local government. Third, municipal owner
ship of water, light, street cars pub
lic markets and other public utilities.
Fourth, instead of "soup-houses," the Detroit
or Xew Zealand plans for the unemployed.
Fifth, the Guernsey market plan for public
improvements. Sixth, abolition of the fran
chise and special privilege system. Seventh,
day labor in place of our piesent contract
system on public works. Eighth, includingthe
kindergartens in our public school system.
Ninth, smooth, substantial streets and scien
tific sewerage. Tenth, all officials to be paid
according to their labor. Eleventh, a full- paid
Fire Department. Twelfth, the condemnation
of all efforts to divide the people by their re
ligious views.
Respectfully submitted September 21, 1896.
Taylor Rogers. Chairman of Committee.
H. W. Fletcher, Secretary.
J. M. Caster took exception to the clause
regarding religion, stating that both Na
tional and State constitutions guaranteed
THE EMPORIUM.
Men's "Large lots of Fall
riinn^li! Goods direct from
furnishings, the manufacturers.
One small retail profit is all you have
to pay on the regular lines. These three
special offerings for next ' week at man-
ufacturers' prices, or less:
MEN'S FRENCH PERCALE SHIRTS
colored bosoms, white bodies, de-
tachable cuffs; stripes, . broken
j checks and conventional . designs in
the new Fall colorings; your exclu-
sive haberdasher would say $1.25 or
$1.50 for these; OUR £1 aa
. Price .: .... . $1.00
RED NECKWEAR, the "new" shade,
the latest "swell" effect, Flowing-
; .End Tecks, Imperials, Puffs, Four-
in-Hands and Club Ties; designs ex-
clusive here; instead of 75c, a m
OUR Special Price .. . . ... . 45C
HEAVY NATURAL WOOL UN-
DERWEAR, a good quality, well-
made garments; Shirts, sizes 34 to
46; Drawers, sizes 30 to 44; OUR
Special Price will be, per-'yc^
Garment ........... . . .... /OC
■ ■ .
Men's Here are two lines of the most
Hate popular Hats for men at the
" a I™, EMPORIUM popular prices:
EMPORIUM. "Derby" in 15 new
.shapes, the very latest blocks, and
made of first-class material by skilled
labor; black, brown or nutria; simi-
lar in every way to the kinds you
have always paid $3. 50 if* g\g\
for; OUR ...... $2.00
The EMPORIUM "Fedora" in extra
qualities, . with silk trimmings;
colors, black, brown and nutria; two
"grades; OUR Special Prices ........
$1.35 and $2.00
Men's A air of Shoe Bargains for
cu noc Men this week— the kinds of
dnoes. Men's Shoes that have al-
ways sold at $5— /r\ _
are $3.05 NOW; MPV' f
the $2.50 kinds Xiitf "Nk. h*
& 95 - , We M fit ' :--^v%/:k'J<sM
Shoes for Men, rj L^ <3sjjjn|
Women and Chi 1- *■'/(/ --f^- Jlu 1
dren so that they (aAl^^lp
afford comfort, \?j '
and as for BABIES _^*1 > pgj£
•—we pay especial
attention to them. -^Pj ■ < m y
Train the Baby's ■ .*S '■ C/
foot in the way it should go and it will
always go to our store to be fitted. Here
are this week's Special Offering for Men:
1500 pair of Men's French Calf Shoes,
Lace or Congress— hand-sewed, tip-
ped or plain toes, Opera, Narrow
Yale, Globe and Grecian. ; Full
value at $5. OUR Spe- <£Q qe
cial Price ......... (JKj.SKj
1250 pair Men's Casco Calf Shoes.
i Lace or Congress— medium heavy
soles in these new styles of toes —
Needle, Opera, Globe or French; full
1 value at $2.50. OUR Spe- <D| q
cial Price ..... :-. . . . . ; , aJ>l.v#3
DaintY 6o ° Trimmed HATS and
m:iiV«l™ BONNETS are ready to
Millinery, be looked at--ready to
be worn. Thou- • • '
sands of delight- k I •
ed visitors at last V&l !a Hi
week's opening ..^*lf JL
pronounced our *&a?s!kM&£2&
styles perfect 'f^M'^^^^&gm
The models are &£(&&[
from the most W-^^-vjnf
famous of the m* l Sv«p
Parisian, London \ V -X /p
and New York V" A
milliners. The _jgfi\f?W^<^
copies are made
by our own tx-w/^figg^kU&B^ p>*
men. Be assured ■ ;
of getting the ' most becoming styles
here. High-class goods, combined with
the best workmanship, at the most
MODERATE prices you have ever
known.
Particular attention is called to OUR
lines of Trimmed cig. e«f^j a*t\
Hats at........ 2>"j vl>7 and
religious freedom, and therefore that tho
clause was unnecessary.
Dr. J. L. York and j. H. Tingman made
laudatory speeches on tbe platform, de
claring it a gem and perfect as it stood.
On being put to a vote it was adopted
unanimously amid uproarious enthu
siasm.
Joseph Asbury Johnson, on behalf of
tbe conference committee, stated that so
far nothing definite had been done in re
gard to a fusion with either wing of tbe
Democrats. He had found, however, that
nowhere was the People's party regarded
as an unimportant factor. He asked that
the committee be continued till the next
meeting.
After a deal of warm discussion, pro
and con, Chairman Daywalt ruled that
nominations were out of order till ihe re
ports of the conference and resolutions
committees were heard. These had been
laid over till next meeting, hence nomina
tions were by this ruling deferred till
then.
Dr. J. L. York was then called to the
stand and made a very soothing and moli
fying speech, aimed especially at those
delegates who wanted the convention to
rise in its might and electrify the City by
making nominations.
York then proceeded to say that at
heart he was a socialist, and thought
every other man was, too. As usual, the
audience applauded, but as it began to
dawn upon them that this was
heretical doctrine they ''looked one at the
other and 'gan to counsel among them
selves."
Then after another brief speech by
George D. Gillespie the convention ad
journed till Thursday evening at 8.
Willing to Pay Up
The case of C. F. Schadt, district organiser
tor the Carpenters' and Joiners' Union, charged
with embezzling $63 35, which was given him
to organize branches, was called in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday. Schadt claimed
that he had been held up and robbed of the
money and expressed his willingness to repay
it if granted time. The Judge continued the
case for a week on that understanding.
It is estimated that from 40,000 to 50,000
slaves are yearly carried away captive
from Zanzibar and the neighboring ports.
56
TnK5DAY :..;.;... .;..:. BKPTEMBKR 22, 1896
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. «
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Poitajr* Fnmt
* Dally and Sunday CUix, one week, bjf carrier. .$0.15
Dany and Sunday Call, one year. by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Dally «nd Sunday Calx, six months, by man. 3.00
Dally and Sunday C&XX, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail. .65
Sunday Caix, one year, by mall-.. .....'.;.•... XJK)
. Wuklt Caix, one year, by ma 11............. *^0
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you polng to the country on a vacation T - It
• c«. It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do sot let It ttlss you for you will
miss It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA. CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICES
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.'
Telephone ...............Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1i74
BRANCH OFFICES t -
650 Montgomery street, corner Clayt open until
18:80 o'clock. • ■ :
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\v . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
118 Kinth street: open until 9 o'clock. '■'
OAKLAND OFFICE i
' 808 Broadway. ' :
EASTERN OFFICBt
Rooms 81 and 82, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL,
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
!• ;;> and PROSPERITY.
FOB FBKSIDENT-
WILLIAH HcKINLEY, or OHIO
FOB VICF-PBEeiDEXT- "
GARRET A. HOB ART, of Hew Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER S. 1896.
McKinley stands for good wages.
What did Bryan ever do for the work
ingman?
Republican protection has never failed
to establish prosperity.
Panic and disaster have never failed to
follow Democratic free trade.
No workingman will forget that he was
prosperous under the McKinley tariff.
International bimetallism will win be
cause the people know it to be a safe thing
and will make it a sure thing.
Tbe need of American industry is se
curity, and Bryan threatens it with a
greater disturbance than ever before.
The Democrats and the Populists know
their principles cannot be harmonized,
but they have great hopes of agreeing on
a division of the spoils.
McKinley was right in saying, "This is
a year ot political contention without bit
terness, 1 ' but all the same there is a great
deal of gall in evidence on the Democratic
side.
The Republican pledge to promote the
free coinage of silver by international
agreement is one of the issues of the cam
paign tne Popocrats shy at about as much
as they do at the tariff issue.
Hoke Smith will support Bryan but op
pose his platform, thus justifying the
nickname of Hocus Pocus and proving
himself one of the smiths who can do all
kinds of turning and twisting.
As the Popocrat organs insist that the
pledge for bimetallism in the Republican
plattorm means gold, it is perfectly clear
that they desire Mexican silver moio
rnetahisni without any gold at all.
McKinley stands for protection to the
industries of America, while Bryan favors
givins European and Oriental labor a free
chance in the American market, no matter
what happens to the American working
man.
It is not surprising that the Inter
national Agricultural Congress at Buda-
Pesth should send telegrams of encourage
ment to Bryan. Those European fellows
wish our cold and are willing that we
should have silver.
Thi Call stands up for silver as do all
tbe stalwart Republican bimptallists of
the country, but we do not intend to per
mit it to be tised by silver monometal lists
as a decoy to deceive the- people into
voting for tbe free-traders, the sectionalists
and the demagogues of the Popocrat
fusion.
After all their weeks ot preparation and
all their plans and combinations the
Democrats of New York muddled the
whole thing by putting a eoldbug candi
date for Governor on a free-silver platform,
and now they will have to go through the
campaign straddling the barbed-wire
fence as best they can. ■
The country is opposed equally to
Palmer's gold monometallism and to
Bryan's silver monometallism. In fact
Democracy has got wrong with both feet.
The peop c favor gold and silver. They
desire a bimetallic system of money and
will support the Republican party as
earnestly on that ground an on the Issue I
of restoring protection and reciprocity.
The campaign of education has made it
clear to the people that Bryan's scheme of
free silver would reduce the purchasing
power of money, and thereby be equivalent
to an arbitrary reduction of the wages of
every workingman in the country as well
as a loss to ail who have money in the
banks or insurance policies. For this
reason sensible peopie will have none of
it. They intend to have good money in
the future as in the past.
One of tne most -a: isfactory features of
tliis campaign is the number of stal wart
Democrats who have announced a deter
mination to vote directly for McKinley as
a means of crushing out Bryanism and all
that it stands for in our politics. In the
action of these mpn we see a clear evi
dence that patriotism among our people is j
superior to party spirit, and that there is
no danger of demagogues getting control
of the Government in this country.
Prince Bismarck is quoted as saying re
cently, "1 hold that this is the very hour
that would be advisable to bring about a
mutual agreement in favor of bimetal
lism," and as such an agreement is the
very thing the Republican party is pledged
to promote the earnest advocate of the
free coinage of silver can see how foolish
it would be at this time to throw away the
chance of international bimetallism for
the sake of making a recKless experiment
with Democratic silver luonometallißin.
THE POLITICAL DUTY OF CALI
FORNIANS.
The greatness of a State depends upon
the will, tbe energy and tbe industry of
its citizens. Unless a people are deter
mined to make a great commonwealth
they will never upbuild one. These things
are Iruisms. Every intelligent man
knows thorn. It follows as a consequence
that every man who wishes to see Califor
nia become a ereat State must work for
that object. He must support that party
whose political purposes move to noble
ends rather than one which exists only
for the discontented and the envious.
You who are Californians are well aware
of the great possibilities of the State.
You know that in the production oi raw
material it is excessively rich. You know
that in the industry ana ambition of its
people it is perhaps superior to any
similar territory on earth. You know
that it has been blessed by nature above
all other lands. You know that its politi
cal and social organization place it in the
front rank of American communities.
You know that with a resolute and well
directed effort on the part of its people
California may be made the scene of the
highest civilization known to history.
This being so, it is clearly your duty to
help forward that work. You owe it to
youiself and your neighbor to promote
not only your own industry, but his also.
You serve your State and your country
when you serve yourself and your fellow
man. Intelligent self-interest and patriot
ism are identical.
In this campaign it is not difficult for
you to determine which party to join,
what ticket to vote for. You who are
wool-growers know what free trade has
done for the wool industry. You who are
fruit-growers know how the reduction of
the tariff has reduced your income. You
who are grain-growers Know what has
been the effect of breaking down tbe home
market for home products. You who are
wage-earners know how low wages have
fallen since protection was set aside.
These things which concern your own in
dustry, trade, business and wages you
Know, whether you are Republicans, Demo
crats. Populists or Prohibitionists. Know
ing them, it depends on your own will how
you shall act. Will you vote for your own
interest and help your neighbor to build
up the State, or vote against your own
interest to spite your neighbor, at the ex
pense of the State?
It was said of old by Cicero, "Man never
works so godlike as in the building of a
nation." Surely every patriotic man
would like to take part and do a loyal
share in the subiime work of upbuilding
the American Nation and the mighty civ
ilization that is to be on the Pacific Coast.
You can each and all of you take a part in
that work. Though you may have no di
rect profit from a particular enterprise,
you can help to build it up by voting to
give it adequate protection. Though
your efforts may not be widely known,
yoa can none the Jess be a heluer in ad
vancing every Californian industry irom
the growing of delicate fruits to the con
struction of iron warships. The choice is
before you. The issue is in your hands.
He who tampers with the currency robs
labor of its bread. He panders, inaeed, to
greedy capital, which is keen- sighted and
may thift for itself, but he beggars labor,
which is honstly unsuspecting and 100 busy
with the present to calculate for the future.
The prosperity of the working classes lives,
moves and has its being in established credit
and a steady medium of payment. All
sudden change* disturb it- — Daniel Webster.
FOR BREAD AND BUTTER.
The vrorkingmen of this country are be
ginning to realize ibat the main issue in
this campaign is one of bread and butter
rather tnan of forms of money. Mr.
Bryan's admission that "we would, no
doubt, have a panic at first after the adop
tion of free coinage" has set wage-earners
to wondering how free coinage could
inaugurate a panic if free coinage is
what is needed to advance prices and
make go d times, ana well may they
wonder. Not a few working people es
poused Bryan's free silver scheme when it
was new and fresh, but the logical argu
ments of the advocates of true bimetal
lism, together with their own sober sec
ond thought, have convinced them that
bread and butter is not to be had by tbe
operation of a policy that its defenders
admit would start in by causing a busi
ness panic.
Wage-earners, especially those employed
by manufacturing enterprises, are begin
ning to understand the full import of
Bryan's declaration in Congress, that "A
tariff of 10 per cent levied purposely for
protection was just as indefensible as
tariff for a 1000 per cent." They now know
that Bryan stands for absolute free trade
under any and all circumstances, and
tney now know, too, that such a policy
would mean the surrender of all our goods
and wares markets to foreign cheap labor.
Hence it is that workingtuen are making
this a bread-and-butter rather than a free
trade and free^ilver campaign. They now
quite agree with Major McKinley that
wba; is wanted is not op«n mints for the
unlimited coinage cf the silver of the
world, but open mills for the full and un
restricted labor of American workingmen.
Wage-earners now understand that it is
free trade and not protection that makes
crowns of tborns to press tne brow of
labor, and that next to silver monometal
lism Mr. Bryan regards free trade as the
most essential thing for them. They are
beginning to understand, too, tbat Bryan's
election would mean still greater indus
trial stagnation and a larger number of
idle wortcini/men. All these things work
ingmen understand, and it would be a re
flection upon their intelligence to say that
the question of bread and butter dues not
concern them. Tula is labor's campaign
for plenty of work and good wages.
/ hold this disturbance of the measure of
value and the means of payment and ex
change — this derangement and, if I may so
say, this violation of the currency — to be one
of the most unpardonable of political faults. —
Daniel Webster.
BISMARCK AND BIMETALLISM
The Examiner tries very hard to twist
Bismarck's letter to Governor Culberson
of Texas into a meaning far different from
what it was intended to convey. Bis
marck simply said to Governor Culberson
what he hat been saying for years: that
the nations should adoot a bimetallic
monetary system; but never has he nor
does he now advocate independent action
by his Government. It is true Bismarck
says if ibis country should find It compat
ible with its interests to take independent
action— that is, to assume the responsibil
ity and risk the danger of such independ
ent action— it might exert a salutary influ
ence upon the consummation of an inter
national agreement, but the meaning of
what he says is that no good would accrue
to a nation adopting bimetallism unless it
was joined by the other nations. Prince
Bismarck is in complete harmony with
the Republican party as far as that goes.
It is true beyond the possibility of
doubt that Germany and other Euro
pean nations would like to see the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
United States take independent action,
or rather try the experiment of such
action, so mat if it failed Europe
would be very much less disturbed
than if its own nations should undertake
it and fail. Bismarck knows, as does every
other economist, that independent action
on the part of this country would place
the United States iv the position of leader
without any positive assurance of a fol
lowing, which would injure our commerce
very materially while the question of an
international conference was pending; be
sides, it would put other nations in a posi
tion to demand much of us and make ac
quiescence contingent upon granting us
commercial advantages. Bismarck is a
professional diplomat, and it is Germany's
interests that he wants to promote first,
last and all the time.
These things tbe leaders of the Republi
can party understand quite as well as Bis
marck does, and therefore they propose to
have the nations move in concert in the
matter of establishing a bimetallic mone
tary system, so that tbe United States
would not be left to "hold the bag," so to
speak, if the purpose failed. Bismarck
knows very well that while we were taking
independent action our gold would leave
us and that Germany would get its full
share of it, but be is so guarded in ex
pressing his opinion, or rather in giving
advice, that he uses the diplomatic loop
hole "compatible with the United States'
interests." Bismarck is, as we hava said,
a bimetallism and he is on record in many
places as expressing the belief that no na
tion could afford to undertake it alone,
but he is perfectly willine that the United
States should make the experiment, for
whether we failed or not Germany would
be the gainer. . This country wants bimet
allism, and so do the countries of Europe,
but if there are any chestnuts in this bi
metallic fire the United States will not be
the nation to pull them out to save Eu
rope's fingers.
Honest industry never comes in for any part
of the spoils in the scramble which takes place
when the currency of a country is disordered.
Did wild schemes and projects ever benefit the
industrious? Did violent fluctuations ever do
good to him who depends on his daily labor
for his daily bread f Certainly never. All
these things may gratify greediness for sudden
gain or the rashness of daring speculation,
but they can bring nothing but injury and
distress to the homes of patient industry and
honest labor.— Daniel Webster.
THE TIFTH ARTILLERY.
The orders received by the Fifth Artil
lery to make immediate preparations to
leave this City as soon after October 1 as
practicable are of interest to the general
public It is strange that no explanation
has been given from headquarters of the
cause for this sudden and unexpected
change. It is certainly an unwise move
to transfer men from tbe climate of San
Francisco to that of the extreme Southern
states at this season of t c year and such
a movement should not be maae without
important and pressing reason*.
General Miles is now in the West, and
may be in San Francisco oefore the week
is over. It is to be hoped he will arrive
early enough to review the situation be
fore the regiment is removed. The Fifth
has served in tbe Southern States since
other artillery regiments, and ahould not
be called upon again for that duty until
those others have served their turn. There
may be no favoritism back of the orders,
but there is a suspicion of it, and for that
reason tbe public will be eager to have the
whole history of the movement made
clear.
As it is not usual to send regiments from
Northern States to the South at. this season
of the year, the order is the more remark
able inasmuch as it requires the regiment
to be prepared to move practically at
once. Why should there be suoh a rush
wnen there is no apparent reason for it?
Why could not the removal have been
made as is customary at a later and cooler
season of the year? There are many and
good reasons why the Fifth should remain
in San Francisco, but we know of none
why it should be removed.
The laboring men matted together are the
great market which absorbs the production of
the United States, and they keep themselves at
work. Now a great many of them want other
workmen kept out, and yet they do not teem
to see that whenever a bale of goods lands
here, which is the result of labor abroad,
there it just so much foreign labor landed
here and doing its work. — Tom Reed.
NATURAL ECONOMIC PACTS.
A recent issne of the New York Journal,
which is owned by the proprietor
of the Pan Francisco Examiner, who
is the owner of $6,000,000 of silver
mining stock, revels in this kind of
fallacious reasoning, glaring contradic
tions and illogical conclusions to inveigle
the people into electing Bryan so as to
double tbe value ol his silver mines:
Under free coinage the United States Gov
ernment would establish a fixed and unlim
ited demand for Hirer at a price of $1 29 par
ounce, payable in silver dollars. The man
who took to the mint 371% grains of pure sli
ver would get a silver dollar. The supply of
silver is fixed by nature, not by man's activ
ities, and the increased demand, an absolutely
unlimited demand made by a great and always
solvent purchaser, would instantly raise the
price of the bullion to the mint price.
It is very true, as the Journal says, any
one could, if silver coinage were free and
unlimited, take 371}^ grains of fine silver,
and have them converted into a disk witn
"one dollar stamped upon it; but that
would no more fix the price of silver bullion
in the merchandise market than would the
conversion of wheat into flour by the
miller fix the price of wheat in the grain
market. Tbe point that the Journal
makes, whether purposely to mislead and
deceive or through ignorance, is that
under free and unlimited silver coinage
the Government would practically be the
.purchaser of offerings of tbe raw material,
and thus double tbe market price of
bullion, and arbitrarily maintain that
price in the metal market.
Under free coinage the Government
could not, even the Journal - Examiner
editor and proprietor should know, be a
purchaser of the metal if it would, and
hence tnere could be no "mint price." To
make a price for an artic c there must be
a seller and a buyer, but free coinage pro
vides for neither, hence there could be no
such thing as a Government price for sil
ver.
During and for some years prior to 1873
nature did not supply quite enough to
meet the demand, and consequently the
market price of 371VS grains of pure silver
ranged as high as 104 cents, but immedi
ately thereafter nature grew so liberal with
her supply that the demand could not
consume it all, and so the market price
of 371 Y% crams, including the product
of the Journal - Examiner's mines, went
down to about 50 cents. Prior to 1873
when the mints were open to tbe free
coinage of silver, the "mint price" exerted
no influence upon the commercial price ot
silver. Had it exerted any influence 371%
graiue of silver would not have been
worth above nor below the value of 100
cents; but as a matter of fact silver bul
lion had commercial value of more than
100 cents lot 371% grains from 1834 until
nature furnished a greater supply than
commerce wanted at that price.
The Journal-Examiner's $6,000,000 of sil
ver mining stock appears to have
blinded the combined eyes to some
very important natural economic facts.
But of course the Journal-Examiner's
editor and proprietor, who is also the
owner of silver mining property worth
96,000,000, is not demanding that the
mints be opened so as to double the price
of silver. It is patriotism— patriotism
with a silver lining.
PERSONAL
Rev. T. H. B. Anderson of Sacramento is In
town.
W. F. Purnell, a stationer of Sacramento, is
in the City.
Thomas B. Kay, a business man of Salem,
Or., is at the Lick.
J. Andrews, a hardware-merchant of Los
Angeles, la at the Grand.
H. F. Tenney, a mining and business man of
Tucson, Ariz., is at the Palace.
8. Nicholas, a rancher of Bakersfleld, Is stop
ping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yesterday
was A. B. Brown of Washington, D. C.
Benjamin Glover of Fresno is staying at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, with his mother.
William Neiil, an extensive miner of Mon
tana, is stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
O. M. Horton and famllv, a merchant of St.
Charles, lowa, are at the Cosmopolitan.
H. Bell and family, a fruit-grower of Los
Angeles, are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Editor F. W. Edelston of the Mining and
Metallurgist Journal, Los Angeles, is in the
City.
George Washington Morgan, a hotel pro
prietor of Duncans Mills, is among the arrivals
at the Grand.
M. Goldsmith, a business man of Stockton,
who has been there for several years, arrived
here yesterday.
John H. White a well-known attorney of
Salt Lake, is here for a few days on a business
trip. He is at the Grand.
J. K. Hendrick, interested in mining and
business at Altaville, in the heights of the
Sierras, was one of the arrivals at the Lick
yesterday.
George Smiley, an old California mining
man, brother of T. i. L. Smiley of this City, is
dangerously ill in London from blood-poison
ing, caused r>y injury to the kneecap.
Louis Windmuller, the noted New York
financier and gold Democrat, who is advocat
ing tbe election of Major McKinley, returned
here yesterday after several days at Santa
Cruz, Monterey and other resorts.
Isaac Sierra, one of the wealthy coffee
growers of Guatemala, arrived here yesterday
on tbe steamer City of New York and Is at the
Occidental. Mi. Sierra, besides being an ex
tensive coffee-grower, is Interested in stores.
Justice Stephen J. Field of the United States
Supreme Court, who arrived here several
months ago accompanied by his family, and has
since for most of the time been at the Palace,
will leave for Washington again on Thursday
evening. Arrangements for the departure of
the distinguished Justice have already been
made.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept, 21.-At the St.
Clou'l— Btuart E. Arndsley; Sinclair— Rev. P.
Keano; Albemarle— Mrs. M. H. and Miss Mc-
Namara, P. and Miss K. Quintan; Holland— A.
Carrigan, Mrs. E. Harris; Murray Hill— Miss
Currier; Netherland —C. H. Marshall ana
wife; St. Denii— E. P. Vining and wife; Marl
borough—E. P. Sptta: Grand— A. 8. Perry.
Hon. R. Boyle left the St. Cloud to sail on the
North German ship Spree for Bremen.
SOME SUNDAY NEWSPAPER
ABOMINATIONS.
Ban Diego Tribune.
The Call prints the handsomest and most
attractively made up Sunday edition of any of
the San Francisco dailies. The matter is un
usually Interesting, and the general arrange
ment decidedly srtisti*. However, these
| gigantic Sunday papers are a positive nui
sance. Nobody thanks the publisher tor them;
they are rarely half read, and prove a mere
embarrassment of riches to subscribers. They
have grown to such unwieldy proportions out
i of a small spirit of rivalry, and the paper thnt
I will have the courage to return to cot more
than sixteen pages of carefully selected matter
will confer a boon on its readers, and receive
merited praise for dariug to abandon an abom
inable custom, which will be vastly more hon
ored in the breach than in the observance.
We suggest to Thk Call to pioneer the pro
posed reform. It could make a sixteen-page
paper without padding that everybody would
admire and enjoy.
THE MOST POPULAR SKIRT.
New skirts are cut with two gores In the
back, which form box-pleats. The one shown
here has in all seven gores, the two side gores
flowing wide at the foot and close-fitted over
the hips. The great advantage gained by two
side gores is the permanent good shape, for
these gores do not stretch out of shape, as a
wider and necessarily more bias gore would.
All fabrics are cut in this way, and the side
gores are usually cut itralght at the front edge.
but if striped goods are used they may be cut
straight througn the center, thus lining the
edges both bias and making the stripes meet at
the seams. The back gores are cut with the
straight thread through the center in any case.
Black satin Is still as much used at any
other fabric for skins to be worn with fancy
blouse waists or coat ba>ques for full dress
occasions. The only stiffening now used is a
band of haircloth about six inches wide at the
loot, and even this is omitted in manyokirta
the flare depending on the proper cut and on
the body of the silk used for linii,*.
Drcbdf n silks are much used for separate
skirts, and recommend themselves because
two or three different colors will generally
harmonize with them, and so a great vnriutv
in waist is possible. One of brown, with black
satin threads, the flowers being indefinite
tones of violet, had a brown velvet' coat
basque, a black eatin waist and a waist of
violet chiffon trimmed with sable for evening
wear. •
Dresses of wools, such as cheviot, tweed
st-rges and cloth, have skirts cut after this
model, with neat-fitted waists untrimmed for
general wear, or trimmed with velvet, Dresden
silk, ribbons, lace or spangled bands for after
noon or evening wear.
STOP ALL LEARS.
How rg Reduce Public Expenditures by
I'ropkr Economy.
Editor Morning Call— Snt: The periodical howl
about extravagance in public expenditures
without a.ny effort whatever being made to
remedy the matter is certainly amusing. Our
City offi ials know, as well as any schoolboy
does, that the question is as plain as the sim
plest lurn In subtraction. Stop all leaks in re
card to expense and make a reasonable cut In
ail salaries known to be excessive. From $20 -
000 to $25,000 a month could positively be
saved in the Police Department alone without
injuring any one. Respectfully,
S. MOOBE.
AROUND THE C ORRIDORS.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental Hotel
is F. Temple Lynch of England. Mr. Lynch"
became interested a few years ago tn coffee en
terprises in Guatemala. He has not, however,
been there for six years. Only six weeks ago
he returned here from England and has since
been up among the redwoods of Humboldt
County.
Mr. Lynch traveled about considerably in
the timber country and visited several of the
mills and the heaviest timber districts.
"There is an enormous amount of timber up
there," said the gentleman yesterday. «'The
F. Temple Lynch, the English Cap
italist, Who Has Been Surprised
at the Extent of the Redwoods.
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artUL]
trees in some districts are enormous — they are
simply a surprise. There is a new mill about
completed at Scotia. Scotia is about the cen
ter of tbe heaviest lumber district. The mill
is to start up before long.
"In general over Humboldt Courty, how
ever, it Is pretty dull In the lumbering busi
ness. There has been lif tie demand for lumber
for a good while. One mill there has been
idle so long that It is nearly falling to pieces.
I went out on a little railroad they have there,
, tbe £el River Railroad, which penetrates the
lumber districts. On every band were the
■enormous redwood trees.
"The people there expect that after the elec
tion there will be something of a new deal and
that times will begin to improve, making a de
mand lor lumber once more, then the mills
will all start up again. "
STRENGTH OF THE COLORED VOTE
B»n Francisco Vindicator.
In a due consideration of the status of the
colored vote of California at the approaching J
election the only way to approach truth is to |
Consult reliablo statistics in order to arrive at
an accurate conclusion. According to the
census of the United States iv 1890, as pub
lished in the New York World Almanac for
1896, the colored vote of California was at
that time 72,001; that is to say California
stood tenth among all the States of the Union
in the numerical value of its colored vote.
Thus Georgia heads the list with 179,028;
next comes Mississippi, with 150,409; third,
Alabama, with 140,703; fourth, South Caro
lina, with 13^,949; fifth. Virginia, with 130.
-747; sixth, Louisiuna, with 119,815; teventh,
North Carolina, with 109,346; eighth, Texas, j
with 101,98*2; niuth, Tennessee, with9'2,462;
tenth, Caliioruia, witn 72.0U1.
The next largest vote belong* to Arkansas,
Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri and Florida, in
their order, the votts of the two latter states
being nearly a tie, at a trine ever 38,999, or
only a little more '.nan hall of the colored vote
of Calliurnia. Looking at the matter from an
other point of view the same authority, com
piled from the Reports of the Census ot 1890,
give the total voting population of California j
as 402,289, of which 390,2'itJ were whites and
72,001 colored. In other words, the ratio of
the colored to the white vote sto<>d considera- ;
bly above 1 to 0 and very nearly 2 to 11 at that
time. Doubt. ess the admis ion oi native sons
to the ballot during the past six years, to
gether with immigation, has still further
widened the ratio between the white aud col
ored vote; still the ratio must yet be in the
near neighborhood oi 6 to 1.
Our object in producing these statistics at
the present juncture is to let our colored
brethren understand that they far outclass in
the matter of votes either tne German or the
Irish, or, for that matter, both of the national
ities combin-d. If they make up their minds
to stand together at the coming election they
can not only dictate terms but get an honor
able share Of the loaves and fishes, which
they have never yet d»ne, for want of unity
of action.
It will certainly be a surprise, and a very
great one, too, to the bulk of the people of
this State that the colored vote of California
should reacii the abnormal figure of 72,000
when the eutie colored population is rated at
a little over 96.000.
Why is it that the normal 5 to 1 ratio of
population to voters does not hold good with
tha colored race as with others? The explan
ation is to be found in the fact that of recent
years there has been an immense influx, run
ning up into the thousands, of young unmar
ried colored men in Central and Southern
California, so that the ratio of colored males
to colored females in out of all proportion,
while the absence of chi.dren further tends to
lessen the ratio of population as compared
with vote. Without this explanation the
ligures would seem apocryphal and unworthy
of credence. They have, rmw.-ver, the au
thority of the census records of 1890, as re
produced in the World Almanac, and cannot
be gainsaid.
THE WORKINGMAN NOT EASILY
FOOLED.
Rochester Post-Kxpreas.
In his Chicago speech Bryan quoted ap
provingly Lincoln's remark that "no men are
more worthy to be trusted than those who toil
up from poverty." But the burden oi Bryan's
talk is that just as soon as a man has toiled up
and left poverty behind him he is not to be
trusted, but U to be regarded with suspicion
by those ctlll struggling below. The American
workiiigman is not easily fooled. He must
have- taken the measure of Brvan before t..is.
It must have occurred tn him Hint a candidate
who, while professing ardent affection for the
poor man, is nevertheless bnekiiig a little
pcherue, which, If it went through, would do
the wage-earners out of half tbeir wages, is
not to be taken seriously, is not a mau to take
as a guide. _______^^__^
A NEW STORY ABOUT WEBSTER.
Boston Evening Transcript.
Here is an anecdote ot Daniel Webster that
has never been in print:
Webster was once sued 'by his meat man.
The man did not call upon Webster afterward
to trade with him. Webster met him in tbe
course of a few days and asked him why he
Uidn't call. "Because." said the man, "I sup
posed that you would be offended and wouldn't
trade with me any more." To which Webster
replied: "Oh, hue me as many times as you
like, but for heaven's sake don't starve me to
death."
GOLD FOR T HE SILVER CAMPAIGN
Jackson (Atnador County) Ledger.
The 600 employes of the Utica mine have
been presented with a little paper to sign
which pledges them to put up $10 for a cam
paign fund, to be kept out ot their wages at the
rate of a little over $3 per month for three
months. This paper came from headquarters,
through C. D. Lave, one of the owoers of the
mine and a lifelong Democrat and a Bryan ad
vocate. Some of the employes demurred at
the proposition, which came in the form of a
voluntary contribution, and were on the point
I of refusing to give up $10 of their hard-earned
money for campaign purposes, and so stated
to one of the clerks wno is very close to the
owners of the mine. The answer was, "You
had better stand it." A few of ih» employes
refused to ?ive up tho $10. and now are ex
pecting to "be discharged when next payday
comes.
THE REASON WHY.
The San Francisco Wasp.
The call was the object of a bitter attack by
the Examiner this week. Ostensibly silver
was the cause. In reality, circulation was the
reason. Thk Call is steadily climbing up in
popularity and cutting deep Into the Exam
iner. Why? Simply because it is an honest,
Clean, straightforward paper, which avoids
disgusting stnsationalism and gives the news,
the whole news and nothing but tne news, in
plain, matter-of-fact and truthful style every
day. Such a policy will win out every time,
and The Call is winning. Go into the public
resorts of the City and see how it is read and
called for.
EPIGRAMMATIC WISDOM.
Terse Saying;* From Speaker Reed's
Portland Speech.
I think we had better convert the heathen
and not join them.
Great as our nation is, we cannot make some
thing out of nothing.
It is good sense to recognize that a stone wall
is a stone wall when it is in front of us.
There is but one thing for an individual, a
firm, corporation or nation to do, and that is
to be honest.
Human nature in the United Btates is verr
much the same from time to time, except that
it grows steadily better.
Which would you prefer, an unlimited check
up «n the rainbow bank of promise or a certi
ficate for what is exactly due on the bank of
experience?
Men with vivid imaginations and with a cer
tain lack of fixity of principles have invited
us many times into flowery paths of dishonor
and we have never yet followed them.
When a nation wants to borrow money it is
almost always because Its life is at stake, and
nothing stands a nation in stead like the
honorable fulfillment of every obligation en
tered into.
The experience of the world has proved to
us beyond preadventure that the attempt to is
sue Government money every time a specula
tive period has set in and burst means de
struction and ruin out of which there is no
way except through bankruptcy.
RETAILING BORROWED META
PHORS.
Philadelphia Record.
Mr. Bryan quotes with approval the advice
of Cicero to his son: "Don't go into retail busi
ness; it is small and vulgar business." Yet
Candidate Bryan's whole business during tne
progress of the campaign has been the retail
ing of small and scrappy aphorisms. He hasn't
dealt with any large principle in a wholesale
way.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
■\V. Lewis Fraser, art manager of the Century
Magazine, made his start in life in Canada.
Henri Durant, the founder of the Red Cross
movement, is in a Swiss hospital, sick aud in
poverty.
Rudyanl Kipling's greatest ambition is said
to be to serve as a war correspondent. The
next big war will take him into the field.
A handsome granite monument to Hugh
Brown, the late Highland attendant of the
Queen, has been erected over his grave in
Crathie churchyard.
Tbe Duchess of Westminster is known among
her friends as an ardent lady cricketer, and
she is said to be in particular a bowler— or
bowlereas?— of some considerable skilL
The Key Monument Association of Frederick,
Md., now has a total of $8689 97 toward the
$10,000 required to place a suitable monu
ment over the grave of the author of "The
Star Spangled Banner."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Bbtan'S Birth— J. E. C, City. William Jen
nings Brvan was born in Salem, Marion County,
Illinois, March 19, 1860.
If Ko Saloons— X., Alameda. If there were
no liquor saloons in San Francisco the revenue
from licenses would be reduced about $150,000
a year.
Legal Tender— C. E. G., City. The law says
that standard silver dollars are legal lender
for all debts puL/llc and private, exoept when
otherwise expressed in the contract. At the
tax office in this City gold and silver have been
received in payment of tuxes, but the percent
age of silver has been small. No one has yet
made an attempt to pay a large amount of
taxes all in silver dollars.
Production of Silver— J. p. 8., Auburn, Cal.
The figures given show the world's production
of silver and the amount oroduced by the
United States during the period asked about.
THE WORLD'S PRODUCT.
1871 to 1875 83-317.014 81,864,000
3876t0 188-1 78.775,602 301,8^1.000
1881 to 1985 92.00,944 118.955 000
1886 to 1890 644,6a7,155 704,073,900
1890 to 1894 624 167,289 807,004,v;00
World's annual averaze production of
Rilver. iB7l to 1875, line ounces 12.663,403
Worli's a- nual average produc ion of
silver, 1890 to 1894. fine ounces.... 156,041.822
World's annual average production of
silver,Tß7l lo 1875, coioane value, f 16,372,800
World's annual average production of
silver, 1891) to 1894, coinage va1ue. 8201,76 1,050
" PRODUCT OF THE UNITED STATES.
1870 to 1874 140.800,000
1875 to 1879........................ .....196,800,000
.1880 o 1884......... ......1424,000,000
1885 to 1889....... m,791,000
1890 to 189*:..:.............:.... 869,559 000
Average annual ■ production of silver, 1870 to
1894, Inclusive, $28,160,000. '
Average annual production of silver in the
United States, 1890 10 1894, Inclusive, $73,911,800.
; During the past quarter of a century Mexico
has been the largest producer of silver, that is
of the foreign countries.
The Night Taper Burns— B., City. Several
friends of Answers to Correspondents, 8.1. H.,
D. C. V., Mrs Q. C. and C. W. 8., have fur
nished the verse : from which the quotation
about the night taper appears. It Is an anony
mous hymn and appears in Congregational,
Presbyterian and Catholic books uuder the
title of "Fading, Still Fading." It is also to be
ionnd in "Hong Greeting of High Schools"
and in "The World's Sweetest Songs."
The quotation asked for is to be found in the
second verse. One version in "Carmina Sacra"
is as follows:
Father in heaven, hear when we call:
Hear us for Christ's sake, who is savior of all.
Feeble and fainting, we trust In thy might:
In doubt and in darkness thy love be our light!
Let an sleep In thy arms . while the night taper
-■ burns, ■
Wake in thy love when the morning returns.
i Father, have mercy Father, have mercy 1
I Father, have mercy! through Jesus Christ, our
Lord.
Another version in "Songs of the Sanctuary"
has it: .;
Let us sleep on tby breast while the night taper
■-•: •• burns. ■-•.-■.'■ »•' '■
And wake in thy arms when morning returns.
And closes with "Amen" after 'Through
Jesus Christ our Lord." The Catholic ver
sion is: , ■ . '
Aye Maria, oh, hear when we cull,
Mother of him who is savior ot all. '
Feeble an.' fearing, wo fly to th ■ might '.
Id doubting and darkness, thy love be our light.
Let us sleep on thy breast while the night taper
burns, r
And wake In thy arms when tho morning returns.
Aye Maria, Aye Maria, Aye Maria, audinos.
This is an imploration to the Virgin Mary
for her protection, and is taught In the Sun
day-schools of the Catholic church.
Curlicue— D., City. Curlique, formerly car
licue, is an Americanism which is to be found
in the modern dictionaries. The Century says
that it is sometimes written curlique and that
it is an allusion to the curly Q, or the capliel
lett«r Q when written in the form of the figure
2. Another definition it gives is that the word
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
R^j%! Baking
' ABSOLUTELY PURE :
means something fantnstlcally curitrt or
twisted, as to make a curlicue with a pen, or
cut a curlicue while-skating on the ice. :
Murray's, the. latest English dictionary now
in course of publication in parts, ,says:
"Curlicue, a fantastic curl or twist ; to cht up
curlicues, in the United States is commoa for
to cut up capers."
Maitland in his dictionary of American
slang says that the word means a fanttstic
ornament.
Barrere, in "Slang, Jamm and Cant," sars
that the word is an Americanism and that«he
old words carle-cat or curli-cat, a male c«t or
kitten, may have influenced the formatioi of
curlicues. . „
Bartlett, in "Dictionary of Amertcanisas,
says the word means boy ; sh tricks, and that to
cut up carlicucs is to cut up capers. He says
it is made up from curly an'i cue, or perhaps a
corruption of the French carcarole or tne Span
ish carcarol; or comparatively cavort, a trans
position made from cuvert.
"Sailv," says I, "will you take me for better oi
for worse?"
This put her to considering, and Igavea nouriih
Ing about the room and cut a curly cue with mv
rlcht foot, as much as to say, 'Take your own
time."— McCllmock's Tales
"lt Is generally supposed that nature Is perfec
tion In all her works, except when she gets odd
freaks In her head and cuts up carlicues by way
of experiment." — Dow's bernions, vol. 111,48.
Pent Up Utica-G. F. H., City. The follow
ing at the head of the Californian:
No pent-up Utica contracts our powers.
But the whole unbounded continent U ours.
Was stolen and altered from Jonathan M.
Sewall, one of the earliest American poets,
who lived from 1748 to 1808. His lines were:
No pent-up Utica contracts your powers,
But the w holt- boundless continent is yours.
The lines by Sewall occur in an epilogue he
wrote lor the trajiedv of "Cato," by Joseph
Addißon, a famous English essayist and dram
atis t, when the play was produced in the Bow
street Theater, in Portsmouth, N. H., 1778.
The lines piaced at the head of the Californian
had reference to the great opportunities open
ing before the newly acquired American terri
tory. To be better understood it may be well to
give some idea upon which the play of "Cato"
was founded. T'tica was a city in Northern
Africa. The adjeciive -'pent up" is merely
comparative and poetic, ior Utica was, during
the time of its prosperity, a large and impor
tant city. It was at first an ally of Carthage
in the wars between that city and Rome, but
subsequently prepared to submit to Roman
power. After Carthage had been subdued a
part of its territory . was given to Utica,
and the latter ciiy was maae the resi
dence of the Roman Governor. During
the war between Csesar and Pompey,
Marcus Portius Cato, or Cato the Young
er, a noble Roman commander, who had
made every possible effort io prevent the war,
had joined the side of Pompey, fearing Ceesar
as the greater tyrant. Pompey took, refuge in
Africa, rfhither Cato went to join him with a
small army, but before he reached there Pom
pey had been assassinated. Soon after the
army of Pompey was defeated by Csesar's
troops at Thapsus. That was in the spring of
tbe year 46 before Christ. Cato took refuge
with his force in Utica, which was the only
city which still held out against Csesar, but
when it became known that the conqueror's
army was on its way against the city also, the
Uticans refused to risk utter destruction by
further resistance, and Cato's eloquence was
powerless to persuade them to hold out
against the enemy, cato sent an embassy
to make terms with Csesar for the surrender of
the city and troops within it, but he, rather
than tail into the hands of the conqueror, re
solved to die, and after spending the night in
reading Plato's Phae io, committed suicide by
stabbing himself in the breast.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Willy— l found mother the other day crying
over your book of poems.
His Sister's Fiance (delighted)— Oh, is that
so? (Aside) — Ah, what glory, what fame,
awaits me! A man who can bring tears to the
eyes of such a flint-hearted woman as that is
certainiy great, and no mistake. (To Willy)—
She was really weeping, Willy?
Willy— Yes; she said it nearly broke her
heart to think that a daughter of hers was
going to marry a slob who would write such
rot as that.— Puck.
"Henry," said she, "wake up. I believe there
is a man in the house."
"Well, what if there is?" said Henry, sleepily.
"If there were a woman in the house do you
suppose I would go to the trouble of waning
up and telling you about it?"
-What?"
By this time Henry was awake and explain
ing.—Cincinnati Enquirer.
"Look here, Snaggs, I bear you have been
telling people that I drink like a fish," said
Swiher, in a blustering manner.
"I may have said that to two or three
people."
"Well, sir, you have got to take it back."
"Have I?"
"You have."
"Oh, well, I'll take It back, if that will please
you. You don't drink like a fish at all; a fish
drinks nothing hut water."— Pittsburg Chroni
cle Telegraph.
Wife— You saw Mrs. Browner last evening?
Husband— Yes; but not to speak to.
"What a whopper! They tell me you were
Bitting with her for more than two hours."
"True; but it was she who did all the talk
ing."—Spare Moments.
He— There Is one thing I like about you, Miss
Daisy.
Miss Daisy— And what is that?
He— My arm.— London Tit-Bits.
Molasses crisp popcorn. Townsends. •
Notice— The bargain opening in fine milli
nery and cl"aks, at 130 Sixth street, corner Na
toma, near Howard. •
Special information dally to manufaotureM,
business houses and public men by the Prow
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
•—• — • — •
Husband's calcined magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
tbe taste and smaller dose than other mag
r.esla. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark labels. *
The Best Beer.
Everard's Canada Malt Beer, Everard's Eng
lish Alf-Alf. is the best malt production on
earth. Goldberg, Bowen & Co., agents. •
Same Identical Man.
Phoenix (Ariz.) Herald.
A reader ask us if the Bryan who is now the
Democratic-Populist nominee lor President la
the same Bryan who four years ago urged the
voters of Nebraska and other Western States
to vote for free trade, Cleveland and wheat at
a dollar a bushel. Yes, he is the same Bryan.
Are .'.You Going Kant?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F«
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing tolls elevation and absence from
al Kail : dust. ' j Particularly adapted i for the tran*
rortation of ; families because of . ltd palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, v which tun daily through , from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar - and la
Charge of attentive conductors ana . porters. Sun
Francisco Ticket, - office, 644 Market street. ' Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland,
1118 Broadway. :
» ♦ »
Great Bock Island Koute Playing Cards.
Send 12 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger'; agent 'C." V K. L and P. Railway,
Chicago, tor the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever | handled,' and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid.
; Orders containing 60 cents in stamps or postal
Dote for ■ same amount will secure 6 packs by ex
press, charges paid. ...
•—• — * — • —
Db. Sif.okbt's Angostura Bitters possess an ex
quisite flavor and are a sure preventive for all
diseases of the digestive organs. .
The hnlr. cannot flour , unless, the scalp la
kept in good condition. - AVer's Hair Vigor gives
universal satisfaction as a dressing.
The Tariff Ilia Nemesis.
Whatcom (svash.) Reveille
Let's see; wasn't it a dollar for wheat and
50 cents tor wool we were to get four years a?o
Hwe were to vote for free trade? Wasn't
Bryan one of the men who made that promise?
Has anybody heard of its being fulfilled! Isn't
be the man who now cays "it is unnecessary
to discuss tariff questions at present?CBSDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 18»fl
AMUSEMENTS.
CcrncsiA Tekatxb— "ln Spite of Alt."
J rpoKo's (.j «u-Housk- - Mr. Potter of
Texai."
Trvou CFFTn-Hor**.— -The Bohemian Girl."
Ob»Hhjm- High-Class Vaoderlila.
A icazab Theater. - Divorce."
fcCTRo Baths— Bathing and performances.
tJiooT tee crftma— Daily a* Uaizhs street,
ire UGcli eaat os the Park.
Mecbasics 1 Institute PAvruosT— Twenty-
nißUi Industrial Exposition. -
AUCTION t ALES.
'Bt Chas. Lkvy <ft Co.— day (Tuesday),
Furniture at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock. .
• By Isdiajja ArcriON Co.-This day {Tuesday).
Furniture, etc.. at 1067 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
Also, Wednesday, September 23. Furniture, at
1400 Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock. 
Et Fsank W. isi'TTiLiirrKi.D— This day (Tues-
day), Groceries, at 2859 Mission St., at 11 o'clock.
By M. \Vedn»adey, Sept. 23, Bicycles,
at 914 Broadway, Oakland, a: 2 o'clock.
ByEabtms A ELrmiuaK.— September
29, Bea! Estate, at salesroom, t>3s Market street, at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Auditor Broderick's annual report was
finished yesterday.
General Barnes will address the wage
workers at Pioneer Hall to-nignt.
Peter Ducey was yesterday on trial for tbe
killing of nis aunt, Kate McKeever.
To-night will be French night at the Home
Products Exposition at the Pavilion.
The Board of Supervisors fixed the muni
cipal tax levy at 8&92 cents yesterday.
Workers for woman suffrage report that tney
are meeting with every encouragement.
The Citizens' JVoa- Partisan Convention
adopted a platform a: last night's meeting.
Cloudy in the morning; fair for the rest of
Hie day.— Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
Mr*. Mary Martel of Vancouver is looking
for her husband, who left her about a month
ago.
May Winters yesterday sued the estate of H.
W. Woodward for. slß,ooo for services ren
dered.
Several interesting questions will come be
fore the Railroad Commission at its session to
morrow.
The Chinese on Sunday and yesterday ob
served the autumnal festival of congratlating
tne moon.
Father Yorke addressed a large audience
last night at Metropolitan Hall on "Minister
ing Angels."
Dr. Burnhamof Vallcjo discussed the theo
logical seminary yesterday before the Presby
terian pastors.
Hannah Landridge was yesterday sen
tenced to thirty months in San Quentin ior
grand larceny.
The wi'.l of Katerina R. Van Reed was yester
day filed for probate. She leaves anestate
valued at $.0,000.
It was German ni? ht at the fair last evening,
and over 400 male voices rendered German
operatic selections.
Corbett has demanded $10,000 to agree to
box Sharkey ten rounds here, whether the
match is palled off or not.
Elizabeth Euler, wife of Policeman J. T.
Euler, was yesterday granted a divorce on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
Many Chinese are now seeking to return to
tbeir own country free of cost by claiming
they have lost their certificates,
Mark Cummings, the crippled newsboy, will
have his legs amputated at the French Hospi
tal on Saturday Dy Dr. J. Albert Noble.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment in tne People ex rel. Miller and Hughes
v& Oavie et al. and the city of Oakland.
Colonel H. I. Kcrwalsky, Thomas B. O'Brien
and Addle L. B&llou will address a mass
meeting at the Auditorium this evening.
The Election Commissioners did not award
the contract for the great register yesterday
on account of the protests of the union print
ers.
Count de Beanregard of Paris, who haa been
killing bean, alligators and fishing in St.
John's Lake, tells his experiences in The Caix
to-day.
Fire election officers' warrants were stolen
from the Register's office yesterday and three
of them were cashed before the theft was dis
covered.
Several members of the society known as the
German Council of the United World, have
sued to have the society dissolved, claiming it
is a fraud. ,
The Polk-street Improvement Club was or
ganized last night for the purpose of having
Polk street repaved and lighted by electricity
from gutter to Pacific.
The Probate Court was yesterday petitioned
to end the trust created by the will of John
M. Cavarlv, it being alleged that the trust
was void in its inception.
Mrs. Herman Oelricns gave her deposition in
the matter of the Fair estate yesterday before
Notary Phillips, and Miss Virginia Fair will
give her deposition to-day.
Toe annual report of Fourth Assistant Post- j
master-General Maxwell, jnst made public
through the local inspector in charge, is :
full of interesting information.
Morris Newton, the well-to-do merchant and
owner of Moscow Cottage, a summer home in
Sonoma County, was held tip as a suspicious
character by a zealont policeman.
Frank Ninsamato, a Japanese employed in
the Cosmopolitan Hotel, broke into the rooms
of several of the guests early yesterday morn
ing and was arrested for burglary.
Andrew Lawson, professor of geology and
mineralogy at the State University, gave a
lecture upon the evolution of the earth's sur
face last evening at the Academy of Sciences.
A suit for $100,000 against the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company was filed yesterday by
Man Hung, a 17-year-old Chinese, who alieees
that a breach of contract cost him his liberty.
The uniform board of the California National
Guard last night recommended a complete :
new service outfit, including blanket?, over
coats, mess kits and rifles of the model of 1884.
John A. Jilek, a tailor, who on August 31
fired three shots at Mrs. Ella Ferguson in a
house 602 Gongh street, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court in $1000
bonds.
John I. Sabin, president of the telephone {
company, returned to his home in this City i
last night with the Misses Sebin after an ab- i
sence of three months spent in a tour of
Europe.
The Citizens' Independent Convention has
is«ued its platform. It declares against bos*
rule, favors economy, retrenchment, the new
charter and a positive assurance for good gov
ernment.
At their municipal convention last evening
the PoDUlists expressed general dissatisfaction
with the unsubstantial results of the fusion
proposition, and adopted a platform for San
Francisco. -
Temporary insanity is the defense offered
by counsel for Miss Emma Ashley, on trial for
taking a shot at "Lucky" Baldwin. To-day
expert testimony on Insanity will be offered
by both sides.
Judge Wallace yesterday sentenced Oliver
W. Winthrop, convicted of kidnaping and tor
turing Millionaire James Campbell, to San
Quentln for life. The Supreme tfourt granted
a stay of execution.
Rev. Dr. M. F. Colburn. pastor of Grace
MetbodUt Episcopal Church, corner of Capp
and Twenty-first streets, is dying with paraly
sis of the brain, induced by overstudy, and the
whole congregation grieves.
J. Tarn McGrew, who recently arrived from
his home in Honolulu, left here last night for
New York City to attend the College o; Physi- i
cians and Surgeons, after having spent four
years at Stanford University.'
Enlisted men of the Fifth Artillery have the
privilege of remaining at the Presidio instead
of going to Florida 11 they so elect. The elec
tion is in progress at the Presidio. One-fourth
of the regiment may remain here.
The preliminary hearing of G. H. Lawrence,
charged with forging Parker Bray's name to a
transportation blank with a view of defraud
ing the Government, will; come up before
United States Commissioner Heacock to-mor
row. .
Four hundred employes of the City railroad
companies met as a Republican club last
night in Native Sons* Hall on Seventeenth
street and listened to speeches by Tirey L.
Ford and Colonel Bobinson and to a musical
programme.
Governor Budd has appointed an examining
board to inquire into the. qualifications of of
iicerson the«t»ff of the division commander
of the National Guard of California. This is a
permanent body, and the officers will not come
before a brigade examining board, which was
the alternative. jf > : '■-'• '"'■■'''■''.
Garret McEnerney, as attorney for the
Board of Election Commissioners ot this City
and County, baa petitioned the Supreme Court
to be permitted to make oral argument upon
an application for a modification of the
opinion of the court in the suit of Julius Kobn
vi. Adolph fciutro et air • •.
. ■ ■ - , i - •■.•:." -■'■ ■■ v - *
ARRIVAL OF AN
ISLAND TRADER
The Tropic Bird Finally
Gets In From the Ta
hiti Group.
A SCHOONER'S MISHAP.
Loss of a Main Boom Was the
Caus#-of an Unusually
Long Voyage.
COULD NOT REPAIR DAMAGES.
A British Ship That Would Not Take
a Tug Outside for Over
Three Days.
The Tahiti trader, Tropic Bird, arrived
yesterday with a full car^o of copra, pearl
shell and cocoanuts. No dock was ready
for her, so ehecame to an anchor off Lom
bard street, but later docked at Howard 3.
F. A. Healy was among the passengers.
The young man is the only son of Cap
tain Michael Healy of the United States
marine service. About a year ago he mar
ried Hiss Lucretia May Carpenter, but
divorce proceedings were soon instituted.
In order to facilitate matters the
young man went to Tahiti, and now
that the trouble has blown over he
has returned. The divorce was secured
and the young lady has resumed hei
maiden name. She is now on her way to
Australia.
Among the other passengers on the
Tropic Bird were Dr. Jan Madau, a well
known physician on the French group,
Rev. Thomas L. Woodbury and Rev. C. A.
Larsen, missionaries to the islands of tn<
Pacific, and A. C. Stone, an artist whe
made the round trip. The most interest
ing group on the trader was Pon Sbin and
his family. He is married to a kanakt
woman, and is the father of four of th«
prettiest little sons that ever came intc
port. He is one of the wealthiest mer
chants in Papeete, and comes to San Fran
cisco on business.
Captain Jackson reports that when th«
Tropic Bird sailed the French training-
The Barkentine Tropic Bird Docking: at Howard Pier Yesterday. She Was a Long Time Making the
Run to San Francisco, but Captain Jackson Lays the Blame to Light Winds and Calms.
ship Dngnay Trourin was preparing to
leave for this port to dock ana be over
hauled.
President Coinon of the Harbor Com
mission left for Sacramento yesterday.
He will attend tne meeting of "the State
Board of Examiners, and give all the in
formation required in regard to the con
tracts .for the new ferry depot.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of
Peking sailed for Honcrkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu yesterday. She toox
away an unusually large cargo and about
thirty cabin passenger*. Among the lat
ter were Mrs. H. B. Hunt and M iss Emma
L. Hunt, the daughter and granddaughter
of Harbor Commissioner Cole. Over half
a hundred people were down to see the
mother and daughter away, and Mr. Cole
was the most conspicuous in the crowd.
Mrs. and Miss Hunt will spend about three
months in touring Japan, ana they may
make a trip to China.
Dr. Souie will go out on tbe Oceanic
Company's Australia to-day. He has oeen
for some months laid up at the Waldeck,
out has now recovered. He is tbe surgeon
of tbe steamer, and during his temporary
indisposition his place was taken by Dr.
Leuscbner, late resident physician of the
German Hospital.
The schooner Una, which was supposed
to aye made a long trip from the Sound
to San Jose de Guatemala, was reported
yesterday as having arrived at her desti
nation on August 28.
The schooner J. N. Ingalls from San
Bias mads an unusually long trip and
people were beginning to wonder what
was the matter. On her way down the
main boom carried away and as a new
one could not be procured in Central
America the schooner had to return
minus her mainsail. She brought up 470
cedar logs and took sixty-two days to
make the run.
The British ship Dominion, after hover
ing arounl tbe Golden Gate for tbree
days, finally got in last night. She was
165 days out from Liverpool, but Captain
Meredith tbougiu he could sail in and
save towboat hire. He found bis judg
ment faulty and had to secure a tug.
Whitehall boats with runners aboard were
out to the vesse! and ashore again before
the captain would accept a tow.
Tbe tramp steamer Evan lale is receiving
quick dispatch. She had barely come to
an anchor last Saturday before "Luke"
Robinaon of Middleton <fc Co. was along
side with the dunnage necessary to load
her. She then went to Long Bridge and
took a lot of tallow and now she will go to
Port Costa and take in wheat. The steve
dores say she will beat the record for quick
arrival and quick dispatch.
The schooner Volant, in tow of the tug
Alert, got in from the wreck of the Colom
bia yesterday. She brought up two of the
steamer's boilers, but the captain reports
that he could not be alongside any longer
on account of tbe heavy swell that was
breaking the wreck to pieces. The chances i
are tbat nothing more will be saved from
either the Colombia or St. Paul.
Advices received by the Mail steamer
City of Sydney yesterday are to the effect
that the British tramp steamer Linlith
gow was rapidly drifting in a southerly
direction. The mate reported at Aca
jutia that Captain Petrie was daily writ
ing short memoranda and putting
them in bottles, after which the bottles
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
were consigned to the deep. Captains of j
all steamers bound south are requested as
a favor to keep a lookout for the bottles
and report at once to the nearest tele*
graph station.
The British ship Dominion, 161 days out
from Liverpool, arrived last evening. She
reports fearful gales in the low latitudes
in the Atlantic, in which she lost nearly
all her sails and was partially dismasted.
THE BOXERS.
Conditions Under Which Lavigne and
Everhardt Will Fight.
Raphael and Savage are rapidly eetting
into shape for their fistic argument at the
People's Palace on the night of October 2,
for the benefit of the carnival funds.
The Manhattan Athletic Club states
that the bare-knackle fight which recently
took place between William Bntt and Mr.
Lawlor was not fought at 1749 Mission
street as reported. The Manhattan is a
purely amateur organization.
The National Club is patiently waiting
an answer to the dispatch it recently sent
James J. Corbett. It the champion aoes
not reply within tae next few days the
club will consider that its offer of a $10,000
purse is not acceptable ana the match wiil
be declared of}.
In the East the principal topic among
sporting men is the Lavigne and Ever
hardt fieht, wheh will be decided at the
Bohemian Athletic Club. New York, on
the evening of October 27. The pugilists
will meet at 133 pounds, Sam Fitipatrick,
manager for Lavigne, agreeing to pass the
lightweight limit in order to get on a
match.
Lavigne, it will ba remembered, has
already a victory over Everharlt, won in
a twenty-round contest. May 30, 1895, at
the Seaside Athletic Club, Coney Island.
Griffo was matched to meet Lavigne at
the time, but ne was arrested ten days be
fore tne match was to come off, and Ever
hardt took bis place at short notice. The
pugilists will not box for gate money.
: Each member who intends to witness the
I contest will be entitled to two tickets, ana
1 the price of each tiefcet will be $25. ,The
i boxers will receive a $3500* parse. The
agreement states that the referee will have
! power to stop the contest as soon as ha
concludes that one of the contestants is
having the worst of the game, with little
hope lor success. This precludes a possi
: ble knockout.
OPPOSED TO BOSS RULE
Citizens' Independent Convention
Declares for Religious
Liberty.
Advocates the New Charter, Places Cor.
porations on a Level With Cit zsns.
Promises Gooi Government.
The Citizens' Independent Convention
has assumed a broader scope in the polit-
I ical field, and it claims to have delegates
from other bodies and organizations out
' numbering the number of representatives
from the councils of the American Protec
tive Association, which recognized the call
of the advisory board.
It i« an open secret that Supervisor C. L.
Taylor has received the nomination for
Mayor and I. L. Chapman for tbe office of
Auditor. Professor George Davidson's
name has been placed before the conven
tion for the office of Superintendent of
Streets, srith a fair prospect of hb obtain
ing the nomination.
Tbe convention will tax all its energies
in selecting the most acceptable material
for the offices of Supervisors and School
Directors. It is presumed that the full
ticket will be nominated by the end of the
week, as the convention bold" its sessions
nightly. In the platform and declaration
of. principles, as adopted at last night's
meoting, the convention declares in favor
of religious liberty, freedom of conscience
and non-seciarian system of politics.
Municipal extravagance and boss rule are
condemned, and the election of thorough
business men is advocated. The adop- !
lion of the new charter is recommended
a sufficient appropriation for the schools
favored ana these "beliefs" are set forth:
That taxation to maintain extravagance is
a crime.
That tbe judiciary mast be above suspicion
That Jury juggling should not be tolerated, i
That positions in the school department I
should not b- sold.
That no pubic franchise shall be sold for
less than its valce, and tbat corporations
should not receive any more consideration at
the bands of our public officials than is ac
corded to Individuals.
•—•• — •« — »
Meyer Rosenthal's Will.
The, will of Meyer Roientbal has been ad
mitted :to probate i and Marcus Eo&anthal ap
pointed executor. The estate is worth $60,000.
••: : - : ?.<=L »---■' '■•*♦"» . . .:.'■;..■...:■■•■ >:j
Trunk* Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutler street, j
Tc.e; none Mala 49. Keep your checks tor us. • |
WANTS REDRESS
FOR DURANCE VILE
Suit for $100,000 Brought
Against a Steamship
Company.
CHINESE COMPLAINANT.
Mah Hung Says a Breach ot
Contract Deprived Him
of Liberty.
IS NOW IN THE COUNTY JAIL.
The Chinaman Claims to Be a Native-
Born Citizen, but Was Denied
a Landing.
A slant-eyed complainant of 17 Mah
Hung, is the last man to oppose the Dower
of the steamship company. Hung is
suing the Pacific Mail Steamship Corn-
pany for $100,000. His attorney is WaJde
mar J. Tuska, who relates the case in this
way :
July 25, 1896, Hang left Victoria, B. C,
on the steamer City of Puebla, with the
intention of entering San Francisco. He
received a contract and receipt guarantee
! ing to return him to Victoria in case tbe
local customs authorities refused him a
landing. If, however, he were permitted
to land tbe receipt was to be signed on the
reverse side by the purser of the steamer,
this entitling him to overpay for the re*
turn passage.
When Hung arrived he was taken charge
of by the Custom-house officers and his
right to land denied. Hung claims that
he is an American citizen by birth and
was born in a Tillage called Robinson,
situated near tne city of Eureka in Ne
vada.
Tbe matter was taken into the United
States courts by habeas corpus. Commis
sioner Heacock found that the evidence
advanced was not sufficient to permit the
! Chinese youth to land and so reported to
I the United States District Court. Through
his attorney Hung tiled exceptions to the
Commissioner's report, and the matter
was argued before Jud>e Morrow. He
confirmed Commissioner Heacock's report
and ordered Mah Huag's retura on board
the steamer City of Poebla.
In accordance with this order a United
States Marshal took the Chinese to the
wharf where the steamer was moored
' September 16 and attempted to deliver
! him over to Captain Debney. The cap
tain was informed of the court's order and
J a. so of tne certificate, or contract, and
I receipt held by Hung. But be refused
I absolutely to take tbe boy on board and
all the parleying and threats of the Mar
shal were of no avail.
As a result the Marshal took Hang to
the County Jaii, where be has since been
confined in a cell, the same as an ordinary
prisoner. His two cell companions were
both incarcerated on account of crimes
committed.
The foregoing is the case as presented
by Attorney Tuska. After giving the bare
facts he continued :
"The complaint alleges that tbe Pacific
Coast Steamship Company knew that the
boy would be placed in jail under the law
if he was refused his return passage on
the vessel. The order of the court was
indisputable evidence that he was not per
mitted to land.
"The damages asked may seem exces
sive at first glance. It must, however be
borne in mind that it was not mere breach
of contract, but that the man was de
prived of his liberty and given the hu
miliating treatment accorded a common
malefactor on account of the company's
action." ______ _______
Ross' Body Recovered.
The body of Watchman Daniel Ross, en
tombed in tbe ruim of. Hobbs, Wall <fc Co.'s box
factory, was recovered yesterday morning and
removed to the Morgue. The body was fear
iuily disfigured and entirely unrecognizable
Ross had evidently been overcome by the heat
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
and fallen helpless in tbe p&ssageway leading
from the Spear-street en'rahee. The deceased
was 85 years old and lived with his wife and
two daughters in Golden Gate, Alameda
County.
A JAPANESE BURGLAR.
He Break* Into Several Boom* in the
Cosmopolitan Hotel and Is
Arrested.
Frank Ninsamato, a Japanese employed
in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth and
Mission streets, was arrested yesterday
morning and boosed at the City Prison on
the charge of burglary.
About 3 o'clock in tbe morning W. K.
Eaeer, a commercial traveler from Salt
Lake City, was awakened by hearing some
one riding the pockets of his trousers. He
jumped out of bed and saw the Japanese
rush out of bis room and run ups:aira.
Eager awoke the croprietor, W. Fahey,
and took up a position at the stair land
ing so that he could see any one who came
downstairs. Fahey searched the upper
floors and the Japanese came along with a
broom in his hand. As soon as Eaeer
saw him he recognized him as the man
who was in bis room.
Eager found that $4 in silver had been
taken from his pockets, but fortunately
$265 in greenbacks had not been touched.
A watch had been stolen from the room of
A. Frints and a goid watch and chain
valued at $35 from the room of W. B.
Westley, which was found hidden in the
ladies' toilet-room. The Japanese bad
' also tried to open the door of a lady's
room, but she was awake and frightened
away the intruder.
Ninsamato was held till Policemen J. L.
Murphy, T. L. Ryan and Ed ODea ar
rived and he was placed under arrest.
Last March some of the guests were robbed
and it is suspected that tne Japanese was
the thief at that time also.
THE AUDITOR'S REPORT.
Total Amount of Demands He !
Has Signed in the
Fiscal Year.
The City Carried Over $200,000 to
Help Out the Funds of the
Present Year. . -;•';
The hard-working clerks in Auditor !
Broderick's department completed yester
day the annual report of that official,
showing the amount of demands audited
for the fiscal year 1895-96.
As foreshadowed some time ago. the
showing is made that a surplus of nearly I
1200,000 was carried over into the present 1
year. ■
The amounts allowed to be drawn by
the various departments are as follows:
Almshonse...,. $81,543 90 1
Aeses>or...- ;. 127.248 87
Assessment and military roll 15.0H9 55 I
Auditor ..............: 16,050 17 1
Board of Supervisors........ . 47.8z« 21
Boys' and Girls Aid Society 14,275 00
Burial of indigent dead .1,278 93
City Cemetery 'improvements 299 65
City and County Attorney... 23,574 13
Clrrks of Botru of Equalization...... 1,300 (X)
Collection of delinquent taxes 1.26 j IS
Coroner.... ;;......,, 23,462 80
Contribution to the Atlanta .Exposi
tion. 1.000 00
County- Clerk 150,819 49
County Jail .N'aS 53,*5 d '.tJ
CouotyJ&U No. 3 - 65,773 11
Court Interpreters 8,125 00
District Attorney.. 2.\stU 49
i Disln:erment luud 2,4121)0
up* leans lax fnud , 183 33
. Daroai itrtet wliening. 11,99957
Examination of insane persons...... 5.010 00
Fire Department..., 948,681 84
i Fish ana Game Warden....;. ' 1,562 50
r'rte Public Library...... ;........... " 45,11340
Fourth of July appropriation 3.000 00 •
Freeholders election expenses , 8,76 ft 60
, Gas Inspector 1.970 50 ;
: .Graud Jury expenses......... . - 1.234 10
Health Lepaittuem /„.. . *■ 30,106 SB ;
lietUth Department, Jails and pris-, ; • .
0n5..:..: .............* 1,651 10 i
Health Department, quarantine ex- ■'.
pense 8,27769 1
Health Department, Receiving Hos- ' .
pital 11,12785
-Health Department. Smallpox Hos
pital.. 3.42562
Horae-kfeplag for prison van, - 600 00
City and county Hospital 62,248 06
Interment of honoraoly discharged
ex-L'oion soldiers and sailors 2,300 00 :
Judgments ...: 107.105 68 I
Jury expanses In criminal cases 1,0119 05 ,
Justice Courts • .-■ 20,83;! 15 I
aw Library ........ 3,71381) j
Liiense Co. lector.. 41,734 67 I
Mayor ................;........... 8,6tt0 00 ]
Money paid in error and refunded.. 417 00 I
.VewClty Hall fund . % ... ...... 19584005'
Nineteenth-street extension fund..- 6 -7
, Official map of the City and County
or Han Francisco ................. 3,00000
Park improvement fund....... 802.146 80
Poilc« department. , « 818,699 61
! Polico c0urt5. ....." 7 5,459 69 !
I Pctrero-avenue extension mnd . H la
• P0undke*per.... .;....,.. 4,343 20
! Printing delinquent taxllst 3,100
j Pro. ion of Lick statuary 3.675
Public buildings. 127,9bH 97
Public building fund .". 76,340 00
, Public erounds..... ...'. 70.16834 !
Recorder 45.939 55
I Registration and election expenses. 16 224 45
Reporter 1 telephone service ...'... •„• 10 78
Robinson b.-queat tun.l .............. 20,98 i t>6
Robinson bequest interest, fund ..... 1. .04 06
ban Fraucuco Benevolent Associa
tion ................:..... 000 00
School Department"..... 1,144,061 04 '
schoolteachers" annuity and retire
' ment lund 1,46130
Sheriff...'....;, • 113,632 34
Special counsels....  3,864 50 <
Street Department 752.J41 68
j subscription to California dcci- .
n0n«. ...........;.....-......:; 41400
Superior courts.. - 47,45295
Surveyor 1,063 9J
Tax Collector 60,796 25
Taxes refunded,... 605 82
1 eachers' lus.ttute fund .v 208 00
Treasurer 15,901 83
Urgent. necessity, chargable to no
- particular aubdl vision of the gen- 7 '
eral fund. 6,160 20
rnapportior:«d fee fund 8,600 00
Witness expenses 2,5*155
Interest account on funded debt 6,195 15
.Loan account from linking fund.... ■• 318,405 00
Total ...■„■... »8,&77,248 43
DUCEY'S EXCUSE.
Says the Pistol With Which He Killed
His Aunt Exploded Acci
dentally.
Peter Ducey was yesterday on trial in
Judge Wallace's court on a charge of
murder.
On May 27 last Ducey shot and killed
' his aunt, Kate McKeever, at tbe iatter's
; home, 917 Howard street. Ducey had been
I drinking heavily for several days before
the shooting, and on the night of May 26
went to his aunt's residence and went to
bed. In the morning he missed his watch
and claimed his relative had stolen it
from htm. She denied the accusation and i
after some word* ihe was khied by a shot i
from a pistol in Ducey's hands.
On the stand tbe prisoner swore that !
the shooting was accidental. He said that !
on the morning of tne tragedy he left the
house at 917 Howard street and went to
the home of another relative before he
discovered tbat be did not have all his be
longings. He then returned and accused
his aunt of taking his watch and aaked
her why she did not also take his revolver.
To this Mrs. McKeever is said to have re
plied tbat he had none, whereupon he
pulled tht weapon from his pocket, as he
said to sbo.v to her, when it accidentally
went off and killed ner.
Ducey's attorney claimed that he was
not of sound mind, by reason of his ex
cessive indulgence in intoxicant*. Tbat
the jury took this plea into consideration
is evidenced by the fact that they failed to
bring in a verdict up to a late hour last
night, although the case was given into
their hands before 4 o'clock.
•—• — • — «
The Custoun-Hon«e Scandal.
There is a flutter of excitement around the
dark corners of tbe Custom-house anent the
future actions of the special treasury agent,
Major Moore. Tbe belief ii general that a
great shake ap is atout to cake place aa the re
sult of the Williams case. Major Moore's next
step will be watcned with interest.
CHINESE RESORT
TO NEW SCHEMES
Novel Efforts to Secure
Free Passage Back
to China.
HOW THE TRICK IS DONE
The Wily Mongols Claim to
Have Lost Their Registra
tion Certificates.
COME MAINLY BY THE SEA
Two Cases of tbe Kini Named Now
Before United States Commis
sioner Heacock.
The Chinese have frequently given evi
dence of their acuteness and general
ability to outgeneral Uncle Sam's ser
vants at the game called law, but the
latest device of theirs is a little ahead of
anything yet undertaken.
The-schenie is as bold as it has hitherto
been successful, but the worst feature of
the whole thing is that there is no appar
ent way to stop it. The trick is simplicity
itself and well worthy of the slippery
Mongol.
Briefly stated it is this: When a
Chinese desires to return to his native
land without any expense he contrives to
throw himself into the wide-spreading
arms of the law minus his certificate.
When asked to produce this valuable
document ue either declares it is lost or
that he never had one. In either case,
however, the result is the same — the
Celestial being ordered deported at the ex
pense of the Government.
It is said that the scheme is being
worked quite extensively by Chinese
reaching this port from northern cities by
the water route. Some days ago a vessel
from Alaskan waters arrived here with
tire Chinese on board. On the way down
one of the seamen, who, it so happens,
speaks a little Chinese, overheard a plot
which if executed would have resulted in a
loss to ihe Government of several hundred
dollars.
It appears four of tbe Chinese were anx
ious to return to their native heath, but de
sired to do so at the expense of the Federal
authorities. It was finally agreed that
the "boss" Chinese should take their cer
tificates and all the coin they possessed,
transmitting the same to the hea . of their
tong in China. On arriving at this port
tbe men were to declare that while they
had every possible right to be in this
country their papers proving tnis claim
bad been lost. The whole scheme was
blocked, however, by the accidental
presence of a white man who had a vaeue
knowledge of the Chinese language. When
tbe boat reached this port the live men
were threatened with arrest and imprison
ment, when they admitted the facts as
; recited above.
On Thursday last the flarry Morse, wiih
two Chinese on board, reached this port
from Pueet Sound. They were without
certificates, claiming to have lost them
while working tne mines of Alaska. Col
lector Wise now has them in charge, and
will hold them until a thorough investi
gation can be made. There seems to be
little doubt, however, that the men are
working for a free passage to China.
Their cases will be heard before Commis
sioner Heaoock this morning.
The possible profits in such a scheme
KEW TO-DAT.
Can you buy anything
else on the terms of Schil-
ling's Best tea?
You buy a package of
your grocer. If you don't
like it; he pays your money
back.
This is the cheapest way
to introduce a good new
thing — new to you.
• The cheapest way to keep
it — costs nothing.
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 887
THE RESULT!
"Standard" Shirts have been elected by
Californians to be the very best made. A
home'industry employing 500 people.
NEUSTADTER BROS., Mfrs., San Francisco.
Headquarters • ■■) -
Calitornia 811.V-EB Cam paion CoMxiTTne, >-
Baldwin Hotei. )
SILVER MEN
TO THE FRONT!
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Wcdoesda y Evening:, September 23, 1 896,
HON. J. J. DWYER,
The Eloquent and Convincing Orator,
WILL ADDRESS THE MEETINQ.
MUSIC m GLEJTCLUB SDGIIG.
Ail silver Clubs are invited to be present.
SHALL AMERICAN VOTERS
BE INTIMIDATED? >
The Silver Bale : .' ,
FREE COINAGE. FREE VOTEBS.
1 KKE CONSCIENCES. ;
IVIIJC.IABK P. LAWIOK,
Chairman Campaign Committee. '",
HEW TO-DAT.
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
are at once apparent. It is an easy matter
to sell genuine certificates to Chinese de
siring to come to this country. There is
also another profit for the original holder.
Whatever money be may have is con
verted into Mexican dollars, thus doubling
his stock, and in addition to this the Fed
eral Government gives him a free ride to
China.
Collector Wise and Deputy Jerome are
busying their brains to find some law
which will fully cover the case. Unless
there should be* a stray section somewhere
in the archives of the Custom-house
Uncle Sam will probably be forced to pay
many thousand dollars "to the steamship
companies during a year's time. The
worst feature appears to lie in tha almost
absolute certainty that these "iost" cer
tificates will turn up in the possession of
some otner Chinese.
Twenty-four Governments, including the
United States, Japan, China. Persia and
nearly all the European countries, have
given official notice that they will exhibit
in Paris in 1900.
HEW - TO-I>AT—AJHUSEMEJITS.
T«ICW^nDtR!oOTTLDO« c>- u»UAMnA.TM«j-v
WE ADMIT IT!
That We Are Doing a Big Business.
"AND I . SHOULD
WHY I . WE NOT?
Come To-night and Judge for Yourself.
SEE THE
In Their Magnificent Production of
"^ Tt TKTs?rTEr6?^ALX rr "
V*B*M-w*w'\i*ij-Lnj\n^\/vnj~u-Lnj-i_ri_n_n_rLnj-L
; A3D YOU WIIX NOT WONDER.
Next Monday- — "Farewell Week!"
Watch. Out for Sensations.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kbklinq. Proprietor & Manager
Tlie Oraxici Opera Season
.RETURN OF THE FAVORITES!
THIS EVENING
JSalfe's Ballad Opera,
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
Benin I Hnmpnrsys, Bernice Holmes,
Rhys Thomas, John T. Kaffael,
In the case
TO-MORROW EVENING-^
And Remainder of Week,
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
A TT*) A. I
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage.
In Preparation : : : : SATANELLA
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER aiOROacO, Hole Lessee ami yUaaa
EVERYBODY WAS THERE!
EVERYBODY WAS PI-EASED 1
INSTANT SUCCESS OF
L R. STOCRWELL. VICTORY BATEIAI.
In Canter's Most Successful Work,
"MR. POTTER OF TEXAS!"
Beautiful Gowns! Splendid Accessories !
Gorgeous Scenery !
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 590.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Belasco, Doanb & Jordan". lessees A Manager*.
IMMEDIATE AND EMPHATIC SUCCESS I
First Time in San Francisco at Popular Prices of
August In Daly a society Drama, .
DIVORCE!
A Wonderful Cast!-
A Perfect Production!
PBICES— 15c. 35c. 35c and sOc.
Matinee: 1 5c, 25c and 35c
Secure Seats by Telephone, Black 991.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNPaY.
OTarrell Streot, -between Ptocttoo an* Po^vaU.
Week Commencing Monday. Sept. 21.
A GREAT, STRONG NEW BILL!
KILKY AND HIGH
PI antation Comediars and Dancers.
CABPOS BBOTHEKS. European Acrobats.
MASTER WALTER LEON,
The Boy Actor,' Mimic and Vocalist.
23— Peop'e In New Vaudeville Specialties!— 23
tfeserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera-chain
and box-seats, 50c. , Get your seats in advance ■
Coming— Famous Boyal Hawaiian Band
and Glee Club. -
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on £aru!
, Open Daily from Ito 11 P. 31.
• The Wonder of the Century Is the
ANIMATOSCOPE !
' Superior to the Vltascope. :
ON EXHIBITION EVERY EVENING.
• In the Casino
IRENE COOK. Dansense.- .■ ,- *
LO CIS MEYERS, "King of dubs."
MUSICAL FLETCH£B»
And a Great Big Bill !' ' ' ;"
ADMISSION — -IO CENTS.
Cnildren.iP.cludlnfC rtide, 5 cent*,
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION!
PAVILION. LABKIX STREET,
GRANDEST EXPOSITION ON RECORD
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
• .Voting for the Five Best Exhibits
September 11 to October 1.
- PBIZES SIX GOLD MEDALS. ■
See the Magnificent Display of Live. Fish
Tuesday, September 22— French night. French
selections; stnglny by French Choral Society;
awarding cf silver cup for winner of . Homing
Plseon Contest. ■
Wednesday, September 23— Military night. Mill-
tary selections- _.-•%; r
: Thursday, eeptembef 24— Fraternal night. Uni-
form Raulc. Xi ignis of Pythias.
Friday, September 23— League of the Cross Ca-
oeu: Native sons of the Golden West: Native
Daughters of the Golden West; £ea;neo« Ameri-
can .Wheelmen: 9 p. m., rendering of patriotic
tongs by the pupils of the Franklin Grammar
School. dß9Nfc4HdWtaA9MtfgN«lpQKS=< ■ ■ ■ ■
Saturday . September 26. afternoon— Babies' day
beaatlful prizes tor Handsomest Babies (12 prizes)'
children 2 to 5 years of age: Stanford t'nlversitr
day, College ; airs: > San Francisco Commercial
Travelers' <vssocia:lon; literary Exercises in Art
Gallery. -■ : - -'■■■. "■-*.•. : ■■ - ■ ..-. ■ n
— — Admission 25c, Children Mr.
. UPK.V DAI AND. EVENING.
SUTRO BATHS
Open Daily from 7 a. at Until lip. if . .
Concert Every Afternoon and Kvenln-.
■ General A amlsaioa— Adults 10c, CbiMrea sa.
78
LONG SOLITUDE
FOR WINTHROP
"Amen!" He Said to a Life
Sentence to San
Quentin.
THE PRISONER'S SPEECH
The Supreme Court Granted a
Ten Days' Stay of Exe
cution.
JUDGE WALLACE DENIED IT.
Winthrop Claimed His Trial Was
Unfair and That Jurors Were
Bulldozed.
Oliver Winfield Winthrop will haye
plenty ot time in which to meditate on
the fol^jr of kidnaping rich men and
torturing them for their money.
He will spend the remainder of his
natural life in San Quentin State prison.
The crack of doom in hia case was
Judge Wallace Sentencing Oliver W. Winthrop to Prison for Life.
which to base the motion. This evidence
he said, was in relation to the witness
Urquhart, who had sworn on cross-exam
ination, that he had never been convicted
of a felony, when the attorney said he bad
since learned that the witness had been
so convicted. He also alleged "miscon
duct of one or more jurors." Important
affidavits, he said, were on the way here
from Manitoba.
Judge Wallace overruled all the mo
tions For a stay and a new trial. One of
the grounds for so doing was that he
thought there was plenty of evidence to
convict the prisoner without Urquhart's
testimony.
Turning to Winthrop Judge Wallace
said: "Have yon anything to say why
judgment should not be pronounced?"
Winthrop rose to his feet. His face was
white and earnest, but composed. Every
eye in a crowded courtroom was riveted
on one of the most remarkable criminals
of modern times. In a strong, clear voice
he answered the Judge, saying, "I have."
He was about to proceed when Attorney
Bell interrupted and made a sign to Win
throp to sit down. He said, "iiold on !"
Then Attorney Bell made a motion for
a new trial on statutory grounds, which
wai overruled. District Attorney Barnes
addressed the court in opposition to the
motion.
Wintnrop's turn came again. He said:
"I have, your Honor. In the first place,
before I came here for trial I was tried,
convicted and sentenced by the newspapers
of this community. I have not had a fair
trial. The prosecuting attorney bulldozed
the jury. He told them they were not fit
to sit in a court of justice if they did not
convict me. After I was arrested I was
persecuted to the full extent by the Police
Department."
Here Winthrop looked around the court
room and let his gaze rest a moment on
Captain Lees.
"My friends were denied me," he went
on. '-'They were even arrested. One ot
the moat honest and purest citizens of this
lown was dogged into the detectives' room.
When I came into this courtroom I was
pleased to see that I would be tried before
your Honor, for I knew that I would get
the benefit of the law."
Wintbrop paused a moment, as though
to-sitdown, but continued:
"I am not guilty of this crime. There
are material witnesses who are able to prove
this. It will not be long before they can
be had. Your Honor knows how it is when
an inexperienced woman goes out to hunt
up witnesses. My wife has be«n trying to
find these witnesses."
Judge Wallace replied that he thought
the prisoner had had a fair trial and that
no complaint of lack of time was made
when the case was set for trial. He could
not see wherpin the prosecution had bull
dozed the jury. "If this can- be done,"
said the court, "the jury system had bet
ter be abolished." 'Facing Winthrop
Judge Wallace concluded with these
words: "The sentence of the court is that
you be confined in the State Prison at San
Quentin for the remainder of your natural
life."
Wintbrop flushed and then paled. He
did not seem to expect such a long term
of solitude. He looked nonplussed for
just a fraction of a second. Then be
bowed to the court and sat down. Tbe at
tendants close to the dock say that Win
throp said mockingly and in a low tone:
"Amen!"
The Judge called the next case. The
man who decoyed and tortured William
James Campbell in the California- street
cottage a iew weeks ago was shackled to a
common prisoner and led away to jail.
In the afternoon Attorney Bell secured
from the Supreme Court a stay of execu
tion for ten days^
BAD BENEVOLENCE.
Members of the German Council of the
United World Want It Dis
solved.
August Euler, Victor Soderburg and
eight other members of the German
Council of the United World have
applied to the Superior Court for an order
dissolving the defendant society and dis
tributing among the members tbe money
in its treasury.
It is alleged in the complaint that the
society is not legally incorporated and
that it is organized solely for the purpose of
preying on the unfortunates who have be
come members. The Supreme Council is
said to have but one member, namely,
Michael C. Brooks, who is said to have
diverted to his own use tbe money paid in
for dues and assessments.
The plaintiffs further allege that at a
meeting held June 9, 1896, they protested
against the manner in which its affairs
were being run and were ejected from the
hall.
Illicit Opium Still Captured.
The case of Lee Ong Guey, arrested some
days ago by Revenue Officers Cromwell and
Thomas, on & charge of running an illicit
opium still, was set for trial by Judge Morrow
on October 13. Six weeks ago Guey's place at
543 Washington street was raided by the offi
cers and a perfect opium manufacturing plant
discovered. The arrest was kept quiet for sev
eral weeks, under the impression that others
might be implicated in the affair. It now de
velops that the Chinese is the only offender.
PRINTERS MAKE PROTEST
They Prevent the Awarding of
the Great Register
Contract.
The Lowest Bidder Thought to Be
Inclined to Employ Non-Union
Typesetters.
The vigorous protests of members of the
Typographical and Pressmen's unions, as
well as the objections of a large number
of boss printers, prevented the Election
Commissioners from awarding the con
tract for the great register yesterday.
The bids opened were as follows:
Hick?, Judd & Co., 40% cents per name;
Filmer- Rollins Electro Company, 41 V£
cents; Frank Eastman & Co., 42 cents; E.
Heringhi, 29% cents; W. J. Sterrett, 35}$
cents; H. S. Crocker & Co., 41 cents.
The bid of E. Heringhi was at once pro
nounced by the proprietors of printing
offices present as preposterous if the
work was done in the manner the board
would certainly wish it done.
They insisted that if Heringhi got out
the register at that figure he would have
to employ non-union labor or take it to
some interior point where work was
cheap, thus depriving San Francisco
printers of a large amount of work.
The proprietors pointed out they were
old-established firms, paid, taxes and em
ployed scores of men, paying union
wages. They mentioned that Heringhi
was not a job printer and that he kept a
sort of a pawnshop at 213 and 215 Pine
street, and in no way was connected with
this line of business.
Herinuhi said it did not concern the
commission how and where he did the
work. His money was up and as long as
he turned out a register according to speci
fications he was entitled to the contract.
After listening to protests from union
men, who called attention to the action of
the Board of Health in refusing to employ
any but union labor in whitening and
painting schoolhouses, it was decided to
lay the matter over until to-day to give an
opportunity for investigation.
• " ♦ — •—• — -
Defends the Clerks.
Jerome Donovan, president of the Dry Goods I
Early Closing Association, defends the state
ment of certain clerks oi the Emporium that
their wages were docked for being absent on
Admission day. He supports his defense by
the affidavits of A. B. Campbell and W W
Cross.
Suspended for Five Days.
Captain C. J. Lundquist of the steam
schooner Albion has been suspended for five
days by Supervising Inspector Bermingham
for nearly causing a collision between his
boat and the steam collier Peter Jebsen.
Borrow on sealskins, silks ana Jewels at Uncle
Harris. 16 Grant avenue,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
WELL UNDER THE
DOLLAR LIMIT
Supervisors Fix the Tax
Levy for Municipal
Purposes.
MARKET STREET LOST.
The Main Business Thoroughfare
Will Not Be Repaved
Now.
BOARD OF HEALTH RAISED.
Thirty Thousand Dollars Added to
Its Appropriations — The Rate
Is Now 9693.
The Board of Supervisors fixed the tax
levy for municipal purposes at 96.92 cents
on the $100 yesterday, and thus set at rest
the hopes of those who wanted Market
street repaved, and the fearo of others who
thought that the Mission would lose the
high school for which it battled so
valiently. The matter came up in the
form of the following resolution, the expert
of the board having computed the rate on
the basis of $418,000,000 valuation :
Under and in pursuance of acts of the Legis
lature of the State of California, and in con
formity thereto, and under and in pursuance
of various municipal orders and ordinances,
and in conformity thereto, there is hereby
levied a tax for City and County purposes, for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1897, on all
property, both real and personal, in the City
and County of San Francisco, excepting such
property as is by law exempt from taxation,
and the sum of 96.20 cents on each $100 valua
tion, as aforesaid, is hereby apportioned to the
funds and accounts known and designated as
follows:
General fund 56.85, street light fund 07.18.
Street Department fund 10.50, school fund
12.50, library fund 01.25, park improvement
fund 05.93, interest account park improve
ment bonds 00.67, interest account City Hall
construction bonds 00.10, sinking fund Cltv
Hall coastruction bonds 00.67, sinking fund
park improvement bonds, 1872, 1873. 00.26,
sinking fund park improvement bonds, 1874,
1875, 00.23.
Supervisor Spreckels at once offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That $30,000 is hereby appropri
ated to be used by the Board -of Health of this
City for the purposes of that board in addition
to the amounts allowed in the report of the
Finance Committee of this board filed August
3, 1896, and fixed by this board on that date.
Supervisor Taylor opposed the measure,
usintf strong terms in denouncing any and
all attempts to increase the amount of tax
ation, but the resolution carried neverthe
less.
Supervisor Waener offered a resolution
appropriating $150,000 for the repaying
with some noiseless substance of Market
street from the city front to Sixteenth
street.
The measure was lost by the following
vote:
Ayes— King, Morgenstern, Wagner.
Excused— Taylor, Dimond.
Noes— Scully, Hirsch, Hughes, Dunker,
Spreckels, llobbs.
A like fate met Supervisor King's effort
to give the City and County Hospital an
additional $6000, and the original resolu
tion, with the addition of the Board of
Health's $30,000, was adopted. It was de
cided to add the 72 mills called for by the
$30,000 to the general fund, br.nging the
levy for that purpose up to 57.57 and the
total levy for City and County purposes
to 96.92.
Tne National Athletic Club sent in a
petition to be allowed to give a ten-round
boxing exhibition during the month of
November.
A resolution offered by Supervisor Di
mond, employing J. P. Sullivan and J. H.
Meredith a<= special counsel to appear be
lore the United States Supreme Court in
the case of Delaney against the City and
County of San Francisco, was carried, the
compensation being fixed at $750 tor a re
tainer, a lifce sum to be paid in case of
success.
A petition of the executive committee of
the Golden Gate Carnival for permission
to give a series of boxing and wrestling
contests of a limited number of rounds at
the People's Palace on the evening of
October 2 was referred to the Healtn and
Police Committee.
A resolution offered by Supervisor Tay
lor denouncing. Messrs. Morehouse,
Beamer and Arnold of the State Board of
Equalization for raising San Francisco
valuations and commending A. Chese
brough, the San Francisco member, for
the stand he took against the raise, was
passed.
♦
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Record of the Street
Work Before the Board
Yesterday.
Following is a full report in summary
form of the street improvements that
came before the Board of Supervisors
yesterday :
VDIX ACCEPTANCES.
Fifteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Twenty-fifth, Mission to Capp— Bitumen.
Twenty-fifth, Capp to Howard — Bitumen.
on, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING STREET WORK.
Hawthorne, Howard to , Folsom— Stone side
walks.
Pine, Dupont to Stockton— Stone sidewalks.
Howard, second to Third— stone sidewalks.
Bernice, Thirteenth to eighty feet north—
sidewalks.
Geary, Polk to Van Ness— Stone sidewalks.
Capitol avenue, Sagamore to Sadowa— Grading
etc. 'I'iIIMIUMIiJUMi"! 'tWMirnilHiyyjlji
Capitol avenue and Sadowa - crossing— Grading
etc -- -^samnnrv^frssmrp^ • - "*
Capitol avenue, Sadowa to Broad— Grading, etc
Church, Tweiity-flr»t to Twenty-second— Plank
sidewalks.-*': :- ■ .* . ■ .' ■.-•.. • . . --•■»:•.-■■
. Sagamore and Capitol avenue crossing— Grading,
etc. . i. -.'.-.-;
a Prospect and Esmeraldm ' avenues crossing—
Sewer, grading, curbs, etc.
' Prospect, Virginia to Heyman— grading,
Prospect and Heyman crossing— Grading, sewer
granite curbs, etc • • '
Prospect, Eugenia to Heyman— Grading, sewer
curbs, etc : . '
Kugeniaand Prospect— Grading, sewer, granite
curbs, etc. "-.■'■.■'..■■ 7
Prospect,' Eugenia to Lizzie— Grading, sewer
curbs, etc. I *9**&2%&&BSBaE6*e&i - '
■ Prospect and Lizzie crossing— Grading, sewer
ibs, etc V '
Prospect, Lizzie to Cortland— Gradinit, sewer
curbs, etc :■ . " ■-- ■ . ■ ■ '
' BtCOMHENDKD FOR TUJAj ACCEPTANCE.
Church, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen. "
Cnnrch, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Bitumen.
Eddy, (>oiien. to Octavia— Bitumen. .
Fulton, Baker to Ivor: Bitumen. .
Gough, Filbert to Greenwich— Bitumen. '
I Fifteenth, Guerrero to Dolorea— Bitumen.
Noe. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen. > ■
; Thirteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Thirteenth, Castro to t-cott— Basalt.
. Van Ness. Chestnut to Francisco— Bitumen
Van Ness, Francisco to Bay— Bitumen.
. Van Ness and Francisco crossing— Bitumen.
.Fifteenth and >oe crossing— Bitumen. •
Eighteenth and Collingwood crossing—
: Eighteenth and Diamond crossing— Bitumen • »
Jones and Green crossing— Bitumen.
< Central avenue and Pacific avenue crosalnc— Bi
tuir.f-n. ? . \* ' : . . : . •
; • Camp. Guerrero to Bitumen.
Dupont, Bay to Francisco— Cobbles.
;: ' Fill more,' Green to Union— Basalt. :
•- Lily avenue. (tough to Octavia— Bitumen,
Taylor, Green to Union— Cobbles.
Seventeenth and Sanchrss crossing— Bitumen.
- t STREET WORK BKCOMMKNDKD. ; >
-■ Church ' an* Twenty-second . crossing—
basalt, etc. :  , . " .
Harrison, Twenty-fifth ;to Twenty-sixth, west
side— Stone sidewalks. :. -> .
; Treat • avenue, Twenty-fifth •to Twenty-sixth,
east side— Stone sidewalks. - — •
:■ Leavenwortn, 5 Chestnut ; to Francisco— Gradinr
Montgomery , avenue, opposite Adler-Bltumln
ous »id« walk, ' ■
• Twenty-fourth and Castro, corners— Stone side
walks. .-.-■■•' -<" .- -,: i. ■' -.. --. -.;■ ■■•■■•:'■
Seventeenth, Folsom to Division—
Army, Mission to Shotweil— Plank sidewalks."-;
Twenty-fifth,"- San ; Bruno to ' Vermont— Sewer,
macadam. ■
Eighteenth, Kentucky and Mississippi—
sidewalks. ■ ■ . • .
*' innesota, Klshteenth to Nineteenth— Sewer.
Waller, Central to Masonic— Stone sidewalks.
Qougu and Turk crossing— i bitumen, etc
Kansas, Twenty-fifth to Army—
Laguna, Clay and Washington— Ultumen.
Tonchard, Pine to South, End— Stone sidewalks.
Laguna and Washington— Culvert, ••tc, bitumen.
Chestnut, Hyde to Larkin— Sewer, etc.
Pacific avenue, Walnut to Presidio—
Preclta, Jrolsom , to Alabama— sewer,
macadam.: ; • . , - -» ,
Precita place, Folsom to Alabama— Grading, etc.
Mission and Silver avenue— Culverts, etc., plank
sidewalks.
Mission and Marshall-Culverts, etc., plank side
walks.
Mission and Key— Culverts, etc., plank side
walks.
Mission and Turnbull— Culverts, etc., plank
sidewalks. . • '
Mission, opposite Bosworth— Water inlet, cul
vert, etc ■ .--.■■■ :■■••■•-_•- -.-..■• ■ --:.- -~. .-■
Mission and Bosworth— curbs, plank
sidewalks.
■ Mission and St. Mary' s-Cul verts, etc.
Scott, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone sidewalks.
Steiner, Waller to '1 hirteenth— Stone sidewalks.
Thirteenth, Steiner to Scott, north side— Stone
sidewalks. : ■,-.■■
Thirteenth. Noe to Castro, south side— Stone
sidewalks.
Twenty-fourth and Harrison crossing-Stone
sidewalks. ,
Filbert and Cesspools, «tc., stone side
walks.
BEOOHHINDXD PASSED TO HJSOLTJTION OBDBB
.. I NO.
Jones, Lombard to Chestnut— Stone sidewalks.
Fulton, trader to Stan? an— Bitumen.
\ PROPOSALS RKAUVKBTISKD. -
Lombard, Hyde to Larkin— l2-inch sewer.
Taylor and Green— 12-inch sewer.
PROCEEDINGS DISCONTINUED.
Eighteenth, Kentucky to Mlsslsippl— Plank side
walks. '
Wailer, Central to Masonic— Plank sidewalks.
Tenth avenne. H to I— Grading, etc.
H, Tenth to Eleventh avenue— Grading, etc
INTKBICKDIATK SHADE ESTABLISHED.
Army, 280 feet east of Castro— 2Bs feet.
SBADE BKCOMMENDED.
Chepultepec, Coso to Virginia— By City Engi
neer. •
BKColf MKNDED BY BUPKBINTENDENT OF BTBEETB.
canal street, culvert on Mission— Repairs, to re
fer to City Kneineer.
Presidio Heights— Thai board - take action on
aewer outlet.
Howard. Sixth to Seventh— That bids on stone
sidewalks be rejected.
steuart, Harrison to folgom— That proceedings
for repair be continued.
BRPOBTS FROM CITY KN'iINKRB. .
Kallroad avenue, Twenty -fourth to Thirtieth
avenues— Grading will require 21,548 yards of fill
ing.
Duncan street— No official ■ profile, but one can
be made for $86.
Lacuna' and Lombard, Van Ness and Bay-
Boundaries of sewer district; plan* submitted.
Larkin and Lombard, Van Mess and Sewer
plans submitted.
APPEALS FBOM ASSESSMENTS.
Eighteenth and Diamond— Property-owners,
cost of paving.
Van Ness and Green— Jay E. Russell, cost of
paving. aiaieiftiliiii ill ijHilillillkiimJiiiiifttiiuiiiin
Van Ness, Greenwich to Chestnut— John H.
Sieve rs, cost of paving, eta
Serpentine avenue, -Lower Terrace to Serpen
tine — From cost of grading, etc.
PETITION BRFRBBED TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
.Suuer, Central avenue to Williamson—Rich
mond District Improvement Association, for
opening of street.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME BECOMM ENDED.
Francisco, FUlmore to Brodenck— Sixty days,
macadam, etc.
Francisco, Broderick to Baker— Sixty days, mac
adam, etc -3'-:?S
Persia avenue. Mission to Paris— Sixty days,
grading, etc.
Brazil avenue, Mission to Paris— Sixty days,
grading, etc. 2s3££"/S&U£i:
Hayes and Sc;>tt— days, paving, etc.
P South, Fourteenth to Fifteenth avenues—
Ninety aays, grading, etc.
Douglass.Heventeemh to Eighteenth— Sixty days,
paving.
Fill more, Oak to Page— days, paving.
FUlmore, Vallejo to Green— Slxtv days, paving.
Thirteenth, Castro to Scott— Sixty days, paving.
Van Ness, Union to Bay— Sixty days, paving.
PETITIONS BEFKBBSD TO STREET COMMITTEE.
First avenue, Frederick to I— Property-owners,
grading, etc. •
X, Ninth to Tenth avenues— Sol Oetz. gradlug,
etc -£VWMUJSeHIP«Q(B - .
Harriet, Folsom to Harrison— Property-owners
to raise grade. -. . • .
B, First to Fifth avenues— Bay District Land
Company for sewe«" system. ■ i -
Bosworth and San Jose avenue — Property-own
ers to open street. -
Fifteenth to Han Bruno— H. Fish beck, grading.
Tenth avenue, I to G— Property-owners, grading.
Bosworth. .Mission to Snnnyside — To open street.
First avenue, west of Kentucky— remove ob
structions.
Gough, Eddy to Ellis— Property-owners, bitu
men. .
St. Mary's. Pine to California— Alteration.' 1 ': '
Mission and Amazon— Property-owners, sewer.
Laid ley. Fairmount and Ma;eo— Grading, etc
Olive, Franklin to Cough— expunge from the
man, ■". • . ..".... ..,.--..
Asnbury, Corbett to Sixteenth— Grading, etc.
Shrader, Haight to Page— Jacob Finger to retain \
stone curb. . ".'-.. ..-..-
Western Addition Improvement Club for Sutro
to live up to franchise.
I Geary, St. Joseph's to Central avenue— Western
I Addition Club, requesting removal of cemetery
{ wall to street, line.
Ltd a place, Mission block 36— Property-owners,
to expunge from map.
Linden avenue, in Miss, on block 69— Property
owners, for delineation on map.
Halght, Steiner to Pierce— W. Ray hill, for ac
ceptance.
seventeenth. Eighteenth and Folsom streets—
Property-owners, a:<out bad sidewalks.
. Brady, Market to West Mission—Property-own
ers, to remove obstructions.
Law a, Hajsht to Waller— To pave. '
Brannan, Ninth to Tenth — For extension of
ninety days on paving.
Boswortti, from San Jose ■ avenue — Property- ;
owners, for extension of street. .
Taylor. Union to Filbert— Property-owners, to
pave with basalt.
Seventeenth, Church to Sanchez— To pave with
bitumen.
- Bosworth, De Boom tract— For grades.
Marsily, De Boom tract— For grades.
Cuvier, De Boom tract— For grades.
Milton, De Boom tract— For grades.
Folsom, Third to Sixth— Aira B. Chute, paving.
Twenty-third Folsom and ; Harrison—Property
owners, to remove obstructions.
Russian avenne, Madrid to Vienna—Property
owners, for grading, etc. "
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C— Point Lobos Im
provement Club, to compel rrgrndinir.
Baker, near Jefferson— E. A. Denicke, for cess
pools. .
; Van Ness avenue ' and Greenwich — Property
owners, calling attention to corner.
Mission and Highland — Property-owners,
to pave with bitumen. >■'..-, t-
Winter place, block 169— Property- owners, to
delineate on map.
Sanchez. Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth— A. L.
SoDey. stone sidewalk. . - .-'- .
Camp street, Mission block 39— To delineate on
map. '- - • • , .
Ridley, Alabama, Harrison. and Treat avenue—
Precita Valley Improvement Club, for hydrants
Sixth avenue, A to Point Lobos— Point Lobos
Improvement Club, for sewer. •
Prospect, Coao to Esmeralda-B. Dodson, for
thirty days' time on grading, etc
Railroad avenue. Eighteenth to Twenty-fourth
avenue South— John Kelso, for permission to blast.
Treat avenue. Thirteenth . to Fourteenth— For
bitumen.
Brady, Market to West Mission-To construct
sewer.
' Colton, Brady to Crocker— Same.
. Colton. Bray to Colton place— Same.
Colton place — Same.
Colton court — Same. -
Stanyan, Feiton to Grove— basalt.
Stanyan, Hayes to Grove— For Improvements.
Sixth avenue south, near Railroad avenue— To
remove obstructions. . . ■ ■
Pine, Broderick to Baker-Property-owners to
retain curbs. ■
Steiner and O'Farrell— R. •H. Woods, for release
from contract on stone sidewalks. •
Harper and Thirtieth— Property-Owners for elec
tric light. • - - ■ - . -«■ .
Oak, Baker to Stanyan/and. Stanyan, Fulton to
Frederick— Panhandle and Ashbury Heights Im
provement Club, for expenditure of '$30,000, city's
portion of pavin;, - _. ■■'!"■'■.
Olive avenue, in Western -Addition block No.
Jo*— Property-owners, for delineation on map
Market, Church -. to ; Sanchez — Pacific Paving
Company for release from paving contract.
b olsom— Property-owners for hydrants.
• Market, Third' to Ninth— Property-owners for
larger water mains and more hydrants.
John, Mason to Powell — Basalt. ■
Masonic, Turk to Golden Gate— Property-owners
to macadam ze.
McAllister,: Flllmore to Steiner— K. *««•«■. to i
retain wooden sidewalks. .
Eleventh avenue and California, and Twelfth
fights 6 Lake - pr operty-owners for electric
Union, Steiner to Scott— Stone sidewalks.
. 'Alabama, Twenty-sixth ,to - Preclta — Precita
Valley Improvement Club, sidewalks. ■ ■
Folsom. Twenty-sixth to Preclta— Sidewalks.
Seventh avenue, Filth, Railroad and M South—
Property-owners for gas mains and lamps.- -
Turk, • Broderick • to • central j avenue—Property
owners for opening of street. ;
; PBOTKSTS BEFRBBRD TO STBEET COMMITTEE. '.
Hampshire. Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Property-owners aaainst paving.
aa^^^^"" ° re - r"P«rtv-owners
NEW TO-DAT.
>?====^ BORDEN'S
|g|g=g^ PEERLESS
rs^§» Evaporated
mg&!%s\ cream ,';
|P^ey»pob* j * 1 Does not spoil 1
?B^«q£«BAl&^J . PREPARED By _, <
" V&Jiasiissii^ri New York Condensed
. ;• , Milk Co. : ■ y:<
Pierce, Oak to Page— Property-owners against
•tone sidewalks.
B»Page. Steiner to Plerce-G S. Capp against stone
sidewalks.
• Steiner, Oat to Page— Stone sidewalks.
Page, Scott to Deviaadero —^tone sidewalks.
Page, Fillmore to steiner— .sione sidewalks.
Broderick, O'Farrell to Ellis— Stone sidewalks.
Masonic, Grove to Fulton— Grading.
Grove and Masonic— Against grading, eta
Masonic, Grove to Hayes— Against grading, etc.
Grove. Masonic to Ashbury— Against grad
ing, ntC.
Grove, Clayton to Cole— Against grading, etc. %
Clayton, Fulton to Grove— Against grading, etc.
Grove, Ashbury to Clayton— Against grad-
Init, eta
Grove and Ashbury crossing-Against grad-
Ashbnry, Fulton to Grove— Against grad
ing, etc.
Ashbury, Grove to Hayes— Against grading, etc.
Clayton, Grove to Hayes— Against grading, etc.
Urove and Clayton crossing— Against grad
ing, etc-
Fifteenth avenue, S and L streets south—Prop
erty-owners against sewer.
Union, Franklin to Gough— Property-owners
against paving.
Moulton avenue, Fillmore to Steiner streets—
iToperty-owners against opening.
L nion and .Lyon— Property-owners against rais
ing grade.
i<ocust, -Sacramento to California—Property
owners against paving.
.Bakei street— Property-owners against granting
cable iranchise.
iaguna. Waller to Hermann— Protestant Orphan
Asylum against paving, eus.
Clayton, Oak to Page— Property-owners against
paving with bitumen.
». Fifteenth to Sixteenth south-Edward Daley
against manner of street work.
Morrell place, Broadway to Pacific street— Prop
erty-owners against paving.
Damage Suit on Trial.
Judge Sanderson is trying the $25,000
damage suit of Frank Giorne against the
Market-street Railway Company. The plain
tiff Is the fatner of Luijji Giorne, a small boy,
who waa on September 30, 1895, killed by an
electric-car on Broadway, at the intersection
oi Montgomery avenue.
Fred Sharon's Son Dead.
A cablegram received here yesterday from
Paris stated that the 8-year-old son ot Fred
Sharon had died there. The disease was
diphtheria. The family has for some time
>een in Paris. Xo other details were given.
. jtew to-dat:
CHITS'
Street Improvement Co.
Booms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H.DTJTARD •)£ J. W.. SIcDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONE 2 W. E. DENS ISON Sec.
T.B. BISHOP ' ■.}■«"• COL. J. H. MEXDELL,
«r^ McJjO!s * A L 2 Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. DENNISON JS (Retired),
COSSULTISB ENGINKEB.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cms, CaL, All Kinds of Street
v, _, and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITUME.V JIiHES. IJ^^k Jetties aad
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Wort
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and . Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111. '. .'.-
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING.
MACADAMIZING.
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
|||V|| OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS^ ,
Telephone West 14. - ' , : :
WARREN & M ALLEY,
OFFICES: ■ •
232 Montgomery St. . TA\ T TP Jl fT AD C
Telephone, Mai 120:1. ' VVll 1 h i Vlt 3,
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna sts. -
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA^ ST., room 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
V ; -;.:. TELEPHONE 1752.
CHARLES M. DEPEW
■ PLANING HILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK, SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK,
Planing, Sizing and Resawlng.
OFFICE AND FACTORY,
229-233 Berry St., Bet. 4-h and sth.
V Box 10, Builders' Exchange, S. K.
P 9, R BUILDING
fi. « Pi PAPER. . .
. SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
Alsen's . . .
Portland Cement.
. • I Strongest, Finest Ground and Most
I Uniform Cement made in the world.
1 .1 Largest Works and Greatest Production.
WILLIAM WOLFF &CO.V Agents
327-329 Market St., S. F.
D 0. D COMPOSITION AND
fi <* Pi 6RAVEL ROOFING. :
Parafllne Paint C 0. ,. 116 Battery Street. .
nFLiNFftTREACVT ■■ .
ART - STONE \-- SIDEWALKS - . AND
• STREET PAVEMENTS.
IU2>a:ONTGCD2a.EITHr ST
nM3i1358-1360 MARKET ST. i
lllil Wi'llltli WORKS LINCOLN CAL. !
K^ MANHOOD BESTORED»s=«:
Hi T?* < <^ Pf 6ts* -v? Ist tlon ot a famous French nhyslcian will nni??i Pr>tbe P resci ip.
I££oBi voa s or diseases the generaUve oo all ne£
W<^ Pf WSt Sf fon oi a famous French nhysiclan will oTiUTi >the P rescri P-
VS\ jc\) \*\ \\ VOU S ° r diseases of the generative ori 1 ?, uickly v cur e,you of ail neir.
19 S "ifflJ V *.i*J Insomnia, Pnlns in the BSc£^mlnal^ii, * 1 {? ** at Manhood
m I B^L A *@&r Pimples, Unfltnesa to Marry, Exhaust!^^""ns. >• frvons Debility
I n^
I BEFORE **„ AFTER^«ffiSS^SS&^
™ CTPIIFNE strenethens and restores small weak oreani aUlmparltles '. ' ■ /?T
iJT-z-The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is neotuserilnpfw ««. ' - .> -.
ProatstltU. CUPIDEI^E Is the only w?thon?^ r Cent * tronbled with
%]s. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes do« not o P*- ra 0011 - 5000 testlmonW
|JLOO a box, six fur $5.00, by mail. Send for fseis circular ancUo^tnSnfat? ect a pet manen » eun» :
_ _.'_.'.;■_ KEW to-sat:
HAVF I Bowls,
HAVE j Pia Trays,
YOU Tea Bells,
AIM V Night Lamps,
;-i /\i^i 1 Banquet Lamps,
 nn rT ) Cups and Saucers,
Si L L Vases,
Clocks,
Ul - 1 - 1 ■' Plaques,
11^ . •■'; Tea Pots,
irAi ir-k 1 Jardinieres,
YOUR .I Ash Receivers,
HOME I Candle Sticks,
! Flower Pots, etc.
We have just opened
our NEW LINE.
Nothing can be prettier
than a few pieces of
"DELFT"
To Decorate Your Home.
DON'T Small Pieces
PAIL 1C
TO SEE From HP
OUR Mb
DISPLAY. Upward.
m RUPTURE, i
jjf _ If raptured, you Dttar&lly hope to obtain relier,
f from pain; security from Strangulated Hrrnia and a fl
ppemanrnteureif possible. Please Investigate "Dr. ■
Wm Pierces Pat. Magnetic Elastic Truss.' and jou -will S
IB be tsrprlied at what yon -will learn. Th'isTru..-' |9
posltirely does th* work and is worth $1,000 to aor &
H raptured man or womio. If you want tbe BKST* J»^
B all or send Sets, in stamps for free Pamphlet No. 2. M
Wf tcootains full information. D^ The sclentlSc ad- £3
m juitmeot of trnssr^ atourofflee a»pecialtT. Address SfS
■ MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRfSS CO., \0.704,X W Jag
I cor. Sacramento & Kearoy Sts., San Francisco, Cat. £K£
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is •powerful aphrodisiac and spedfio toma for en*
f«n«J md arln»rr orgaaa of both aexea, and »
great remedy for disease* ot the kidneys and btal-
get A cre*£ RestoraUvo, Invigoratorand Narvtask
bells on Its own ilerlts— lons-wlad*t Kjitj*
xnoniala necessary. * - .
>Al!tB, ALFS & BRUISE, Agents,
523 Market St.. S. t'.— taena tor Circular)
R AIX.RO TIIATBL!
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-3 V
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. % Thursdays-Extra trio
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1-53
and 11:30 p. v.
BD1 6?00,^0 7 p ii. 9:30> 11:00 AU -' I:3a 3:%
«r^.^.^- S^? Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— O:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a. v •
12:45 3:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdaya-Kxtra^r^
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 p. it
BU^OO. 6 ! 7 p 3^ 9:;J5 ' 11:1 *■ *•' I:4 °- 3: **
Between San Francisco and Schnetzea Paris same
schedule as above. »»«»»»
L«aye Tnpffpr* 'Arrive
San Francisco. Xpinl? San Francisco.
Wekk i Son- I .pg I ,f n ) lon ,Biw- I Wrkk
Days. I payb. destination. pAYa> | Day^
7:30 am 7:30 am ! Novato, 10:40 ax 8:40 ax
3:80 9:30 am j Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
~~~~ ~~ ~ Fulton, '■ '
7:3o ax . Windsor, • 10:10 ax
Healdsburg, .
Geyserville, :•
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm |
~ Pieta, ~ ..-■-.
7:30 am , ' Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 AMI » ~' j ~~~ ~~ 10:10 am
7 :30 am , Ouernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm | -;■ 6:15 PM'
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o ax
and
5:10 pm i 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am Seb -, 110:40 am 1 10:10 ax
3 :30 pm s :oo ! | 6:05 pm | :15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for SlcAggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
i Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and 1-akeport; at
i Hopland for Lakeport and - Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for .Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Pbmo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley'a, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvilie, Hoonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendocino City. .
Fort Bragg, Westport, TJsal, Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
veio, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . .:.-.,
On Sundays round-trip tickets Ito all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. -
■ Ticket Offices, 650 Market it.. Chronicle bunding.
■ H. C. WHITING, . R. X. BY AN,
- Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1896.
WEEKDAYS. .
For Mill Valley, and San Kafael— »7 :2s, •9:15
11:00 A. M.. «1:45, 3:45, »5: 15, •3:45,6:30 p.x!
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays, r Wednes-
days and Saturdays a; 11 ;30 p. m.
"., SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo •10-00
♦11:30 a. m. ;'*l:3o, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16 p. m. '
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7-25 a it
Weekdays, 8:00 a. x. Sundays, 1:45 p. x. Satur-
day iiii'tVlU'll 'WiitttiatwKigttttsmmrML
ior Cazedero and way stations— 7 -25 a. m. — — >-
drys: 1:45 p.m. Saturdays. "* w#eK "
MOUiW TAMALPAJST
Co^ai^adf* WUh North Pacific !
WEKK DAY6-LeaveS.F.9:l«iA.M. l^l^ > „
Returning-Arrive S. K. 3 -25 •m. 6-9n I' «'
SUNDAYS- Leave S.F.B am : 11-SOa^ii i-?ui«"
Ketuniin B -ArrlveB.F.l:l6 p.m 4-20 p m 7^
1 ickets for sale in Mill Valley or r< M-
THUS. COOK A SONS, 6JI Market «f S w
Mill Valley and Moant IWpal. £,& ?r'.Uw»V.
When writing for further particulars to
any of the Health or Summer Resorts la
these columns kindly mention the Call.
JIPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spat
iIIVK YOU BEKX Thbbb .Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold,
Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoflice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re«
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWI3I-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW J ACKSON, N»pa Soda Springs
n ■ V% ■ I 4t #% HOT springs,
1 II I I A I O fi Monterey coun-
™ " ■ ■ ■ ™ ■ health.rest.pleas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children a
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
'aralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
I enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, Ban Francisco, 8:15 a. it
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postoflice. Pot
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements foe
1886, address R. ROBERTSON, Manages.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized -Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountains. ■
Health, pleasure, . swimming, fishing and - brant-
Ing. New. dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting witti
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
■ VIC PONCELET, Llagas. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.  '■'.
P ECREATION, REST AND HOME FOB 131-
IX vallds, consisting of large 1 main building, cot- .
tages and tents on mountainside overlook! Xaps
Valley. Steam beat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and siram baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are among > the amusements. Pura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
~ San Rafael, California. -
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no equal la
the world. -
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
. Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
— --.. - R. H. WARFIELD & CO.
MADROSE 3IIMKAL SPRINGS
WILL BK OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure cure for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Send . for analysis and descrip-
I tive pamphlet. AcidressMadrone Mineral Springs,
' Madrone, Santa Clara County, CaL
| HOME REST FOR THe SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
0 rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad •
dre.«* P. O. box 22a. - - -■
IVERSIDK RANCH-ON THE BANKS OP
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley. Men-
docino County;- round trip, 59 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent tabla;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family; -
beautiful grounds; large rooms;- 3 minutes from
I station: 1 hour fm city. M Us. ll a.nskn.
j .
RAILROAD ■ TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific system.)
Train* learn and are duo to arrive at
. - : SAX FUANi'ISt'O.
I.EAVE — Fr.OM September 3. 1396. ■ — a nrt ivi .
*6:OOa tales. San Jose and Way Stations... X: M a
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. ' B:4Sf
?:OOa Benicia, VacaviUe, Rumsey, Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis 6: 1.1
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, (.'alia-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
8::IOa Niles, «, Sail Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville and lieu '.
Bluff ;.... 4:1.1p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:OOaLos Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Ange1e5. ........ 4t43p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:OOa Va11ej0........ 6:15*
1 :00p Niles, San Jose and Livermore . . .V. 8:45 a
•1:00p Sacramento Kiver Steamers •U:00p
tl ::$«!• Tort Costa and Way Stations 15*
<l:00i- Martinez, San Hanion, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistogn, El Verano and
•Santa I tosa 9:13 a
4:00p Benicia, Vacavilie, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing Marys-
yille, Orovillo and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermoro ; and
Stockton.-. 7tlsp
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
-.' ' ' Yosemlte) and Fresno 11:43 a
o:w»p New Orleans IC-pic'sa.Fr^no.Bakers-
flclt], Santa Darbara.Los Angeles,
Doming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East , 10:13 a
5:0 Op Santa' Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 1O:13a
5 :00p Vallejo ..........:.... 11:45 a
6:OOrEuropecu Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:13 a.
■ 6:00p ITaywaids, Niles and Sau J05e...;.. 7:43 a
)7:oop Vallejo..' ..........:....... f7:45p
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville. Iteilding, Portland, I'uget
- Hound and IQast . . .'. 10:45^
SANTA <KtiZ DIVISION (Xarrotr Unnge).
;~:15a Santa Cruz Excursion, t'anta Cruz ■- • "
and Principal Way Stations 18:05p
' 8:13 a Wewarlt,Centerville,San.lo3e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ...........: ' 5:30p
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Feiton, Boulder Creek, '
■ ■ Santa Cruz • and Principal Way
* Stations *I1:2Oa
4:15p Newark. Sau Joan and 1,03 dates »:3Oa,
COAST DIVISION (Third X Townsciirt Sts.) '
*6:43 a Sau Joso and Way Stations (New ' "
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
J7:3Oa. Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
S.-.ata Cruz, Pacific Grove, and ■
■ m Principal Way Stations 18i35f
8:15 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Roblcs, • San ' ■ •
Lulu Oliispo, Gnadalupe and Prin-
.„ ._ ■ - cfpal Way Stations 7:03r
J9*4«APalo Alto and Way Stations tl:3op
1O:4Oa San Jose and Way .Stations 5:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:SOr
*2:3OpSan aiateo, Mcalo Park. San Jose,
. Gilroy, Tres Pino*, Santa Crux,
Saliuas,Monterey and PaclDcGrove Mo:4oa
*8:30p Ban Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *l:3Op
; »4:30p San Jose and Way Stations »8:O0a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
6::!<>i> San Josa and Way 5tati0n5......... 0:33 v
t11:45i» San Joso Way Stations..:.....; t7:43p
SAN liK.OiimO AMI) UAVWAKDS LOCAL. "
1'6:00a 1 . ~ 7 7-i 5 *
«=«» A | t9:43t
io.ooa MelraM.Semi.aryP.rk, l^g^
"Sjgg* Fitdib.rf,SwLe«idro l J t V.\sZ
"oo^ «i ■ Hj
g!g& H.,w.rd 9 . |:lgP
I-oop • •**»£'
9:00p * Runs through to Nile*. in!%n^
ttllilgp^. { From Niles. I ttI2:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN mBCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Sli» 8)—
♦Too tS;SS SSSi tl:0 ° * 2:3 ° t3:o °
from OAKUHD— Foot of Broadwij.— »600 8-00
10:00aji. n2: °° * I: °° . t8«0 . 3: 0 0 tim
• Rn^ forMornir l e - P for Afternoon.
, Sundays excepted.^ - t Saturdays only.
- „ , _, t Sundays only. tot
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. 1
A - a I j a ■ , j__^ ; ■
Trains leave and arrive atH3sßSg".''jfr.'.-'""'8
SAiWA EXPRESS. W&M
To Chicago via A. & I-'.^^^^^^pMT^l
Leaves every day at 6 -i*.; carry iHK Pnii.
holster^ T^ n? 7 Q «, m slee P«s, ateo flodem i>
an i kSSi'J '!? 1 . Sleeping-cars: with clean linen
bed^'nBa«dincbarK'eof a porter, ran daSlv
: nVe O rkK°L V 1 s Kan 8113 y :,! ABa «**«
conducted Boston ExeursJoaa via
Mountains leave every Montreal and the Whui
ilonntains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway, from : California to the Emu
?nTJ^ 8 ' n Ti lM ii nodusl -- m-erestlnK ecenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
S»n Francisco Ticket Office, 044 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone UmlmFATHER YORKE
ON SISTERHOODS
Their Noble Lives and
Deeds Eloquently
Extolled.
PRAISE BUT NO APOLOGY
Protestant Preachers Blamed for
the Shattering of Moral
Forces.
TWO QUESTIONS FOE FLEENOR
Editor Barry as Chairman Pays His
Compliments to Leaders of
the A. P. A.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke was again greeted
with a full house at Metropolitan Hall
last night, where he delivered the fourth
of the series of six lectures he has under*
tafcen to eive under the auspices of the
American "Women's Liberal League. The
subject of his lecture was "Ministering
AngeLs." The usual hearty applause
greeted the Catnolic champion's entry
upon tbe platform. He was accompanied
by James H. Barry, "who acted as chair
man of the evening. In makiag his open
ing remarks Mr. Barry said:
"I understand full well that you are not
applauding the individual, and therefore
I appreciate those cheers. I know it is
the cause I humbly represent that you ap
plaud — the cause of civil and religious
liberty."
After paying a tribute to the work of the
American Women's Liberal League for
its work in the cause of true liberty he
said:
"Of all the factors that have been op
posed to the A. ±\ A. — conceived In in
famy and carried on in shame — none have
been more potent to bring them into con
tempt than the American Women's Lib
eral League.
"Let me instance what these A. P. A.'s
are. Only a few months ago I was stand
ing up against the best patron I had. I
denounced the Supreme Court for its de
cision. Suddenly I discovered he was a
member of the A. P. A.— that he was at
their meetings and saying, 'We mus' keep
these proceedings secret while we are try
ing to free the country from the red hand
ot the church of Rome.'
"The very day 1 found he was an A. P.
A. he visited my house with his wife. I
talked of nothing but A. P. A. and told
him how bad it was to be an A. P. A.;
how baa it was for an aspirant for office to
be an A. P. A.; how bad it was a man who
deiired to sit in judgment on his fellow
man to be an A. P. A., and all the reply
he made wan to nod his head."
His reference 10 Winthrop, who was
yesterday sentenced to life imprisonment
by Judge Wallace, as an A. P. A. elicited
great applause. "It is a pity," he con
tinued, "that they were not all sent in one
job-lot to prison." He placed Quitzow,
who defended Winthrop, and Price, who
was convicted of dealing in obscene litera
ture, in the same category with Winthrop.
Price boasted, he said, that it was impossi
ble to convict him; ''but we shall Bee that
this lecherous scoundrel is punished,"
added me speaker.
"The man who could live on a woman's
shame only ten years ago — and he is 40
years old now — and say it was only a boy's
indiscretion, is a reptile worse than any
other on this earth. This is what I think
of Benjamin F. Hudelson, the erand presi
dent of tbe A. P. A.," continued Mr.
Barry.
"Give it to him," shouted some one in
the gallery.
'•I am sorry," responded Mr. Barry, "to
say tnat in this case I am euchered. I
can't find words to describe him in the
English language.
"Nearly three years ago there stood on
this platform a man called the Rev. J. Q.
A. Henry and a man named Slattery, who
slandered the purest women on this earth.
The only reason, they said, they could see
for my action is that I hava been hypno
tized by Father Yorke and that I am in
the pay of the Catholic church.
"1 never realized the infamy of the A. P.
A. until my attention was called to an arti
cle printed in the A. P. A. organ attacking
the purest-minded women we know."
He read part of the article which broadly
implied, he said, that four iaaiea wno took
the oath of noviates were to become in
mates of a religious brothel. He next read
his defense printed in the Star of the
women who had thus been attacked. It
was these women, he said, that Father
Yorke would talk about, and this was his
excuse for bringing up these unpleasant
matters.
Cheers and wild applause greeted Father
Yorke's appearance.
"Where, oh, where has Fleenor fled?"
he began.
"Only a short ween ago he was rampant
on this platform. Can it be that only the
single question why he left Oakland
caused him to flee? If that ia so, then I
will ask him two more questions, so that
he may continue to nee.
"Why does he sign himself from Seattle
when he knows all about Ukiah?
"And the second question is: Did he
ever have anything to do with insane
asylums?
"Hy the time he answers these questions
there may be a story to tell.
"Even the honorable Mr. Quitzow was
compelled to hold his nose yesterday and
to apologize for one of his orators. Every
one of these reverend and irreverend men
connected with the A. P. A. have histories I
which st'nfc in the nostrils of decency.
"The Rev. Dr. Goodwin was in evidence
yesterday. giving the parting kick to the
Pope of Rome. He nicknamed me the
Czar of Ban Francisco and paid me the
compliment of saying that I had exiled
him. It is a poor compliment, though, to
call Los Angeles a Siberia. I want to tell
him that I am not a poundkeeper of
preachers. The Methodists seemingly be
lie7ed that a change of climate would do
him good.
"Who is responsible for the shattered
condition of the moral forces of this City?"
"Tbe preachers," came from an auditor.
"The preachers. You have said it, and
said it well," shouted the speaker.
"But they are not altogether responsi
ble. There is a certain time in the dog
days when all the canines go mad and
there is a period a few months before elec
tion when the wheels in the heads of the
preachers begin to go round and hate
takes the place of patriotism. The men
and women — oar brethern, our friends,
our neighbors, members of the Protestant
churches who permitted their pulpits to
be desecrated by montebanks — they are
responsible, and they are to be pitied, not
to be blamed. Let them look over their
desecrated and ruined churches and let
tbem know that this is God's judgment.
"One of the peculiar means to protect
our American institutions is this war
upon women."
He referred to the discourses of Henry,
Klatt.ery, Case, Fleenor and others directed
against the sisterhoods of the Catholic
chnrcii, and continued:
"I do not come to-night to make any
apology for tue Catholic sisterhoods.
Their lives and their work speak for them.
True men who make no profession of re
ligion would lay down their lives for the
honor of these women.
"My object this evening is merely to ex
plain to you something about these sister
hoods, their origin, their governments,
their work and their lives, so that those
not Catholics may know tbem as we do.
"Let me first tell them what the nun is.
She is sister to every Catholic man, to
every Catholic woman and to every Cath
olic child. Tbey all reverence her and
love her and would die for her."
He explained the need of organization
in doing good, as in other matters, and
said that among the organizations created
for doing good those composed of women
were far from being the least important.
Alter showing how the Catholic sister
hoods sprang into existence in order to
better perform charitable wort he ex
claimed :
"Who is Case that he should take the
place of fathers and brothers? Are not
these fathers and brothers able to protect
their women? Are tney migrating
preachers like this Case? Who is this
reverend blackguard who takes it upon
himself to do wnat you are periectly able
to do?
"Who are these gentlemen of the beetle
brow who object to the vow of the poscu
lant? Tbey are a cross between an Oregon
boot and & handcuff. The only things
these gentry are acquainted with.
"The vow these women take is only one
of obedience, chastity and poverty, and
before they are allowed to permanently
attach themselves to the sisterhood tbey
are made to thoroughly nnderstand what
they are about to do; their vows are made
in public and they are given every oppor
tunity to turn back, if they find that they
nave made a mistake.
"One thing which greatly disturbs these
defenders of our institutions is that the
sisters do not live on the roofs. They talk
of how the sisters are locked behind bolts
and bars, and of having the Legislature
appoint men to inspect them as if they
were pesthonses.
"The A. P. A., remember, will not in
dorse any man for the Legislature who
will not take a pledge to secure tbe
passage of a law providing for such in
spection.
"Everj' man's house, according to the
Magna Charts, is his castle. And are we
to allow these curiosity-seekers to poke
their noses into our houses?
"There is not a man or woman who can
not go to any convent in this City, as a
friend to another's house, and be "shown
through it from garret to cellar with the
greatest alacrity and pleasure by the sis
ters,
"Think of such men as Hudelson and
Price and Quitzow and Winthrop trying to
pledge men to pass a law for the inspection
of convents."
"They can't do it," shouted a man in the
audience.
"Iso; they can't do it as long as there is
an American man in the country," re
sponded the lecturer, laying special stress
on the word "American."
The nobie ana charitable work of the
Catholic sisterhood was reviewed at some
length. H- told of their labors ainonc the
lepers of Alabama and Molokai and among
the aborigines along the Yukon, in the
hospitals, in the day homes and other
places where suffering exists.
■'To the Catholic sisterhood," he said,
"belong the credit of establishing the
present system of free schools, which were
inaugurated in CorK. We have our mag
nificent hospitals and other charitable in
stitutions, but they have been provoked Dy
the glorious ~orks of our sisterhoods.
"And the hardest thing to us is to hear
these noble women reviled Dy these scoun
drels ot the A. P. A."
His concluding words were: 'They are
to vs — even their very presence among us
— a blessing and benediction from on high.
A sight of them is a call to higher and
holier thoughts. They are our fallen na
ture's hignest, purest boast."
WAS EMMA ASHLEY SANE?
Her Sister Thinks She Was
Crazy When She Shot
at Baldwin.
Unblemished Family Record Opposed
to Some Scathing Allusions by
the Millionaire
"I think that my sister was undoubtedly
insane when she fired that shot," said
Miss Lillian Ashley in tremulous tones as
she turned and faced the jury yesterday
afternoon in Judge Bahrs' court. And
that, was the key-note of the testimony
duiine the fifth day of the trial of Miss
Emma Ashley, charged with taking a shot
at "Lucky" Baldwin.
The matron of the jail, Mrs. Leiitia
Gilmore, the first witness of the morning
session, said that when the defendant was
put in her charge she seemed oblivious of
the act she had just committed and only
asked for her Bible, and then sang "Nearer
My God to Thee," and pang it very beau
tifully too. S. M. Van Wycfc, one of the
defendant's counsel, who had also been
counsel for the sister, declared that judg
ing from Miss Emma Ashley 'a excited
condition at the time of the shooting, he
believed her mind was unhinged.
Miss Lillian Asuley told something of
the family history and of her experience
with "Lucky" Baldwin. The Aahleys had
always lived quietly on their old farm in
Vermont. In 1884 the father died. In
1889 Lillian became ill and went to a Bos
ton hospital for skilled treatment and
there Emma came to attend her. The old
home was sola for debt. In 1890 the
mother died. In 1894 Emma came to
California to visit Lillian, to learn for the
first lime of her sister's difficulty with
"Lucky" Baldwin and of the child.
Km ma eagerly absorbed all information
relating to the trial as it progressed. She
had never given any sign of planning to
shoot the millionaire, and when her sister
went to her afterward at the jail the pris
oner only looked up at her in a dazed sort
ot way and said, "God is love."
A thick volume, the Ashley genealogy,
was incidentally offered in evidence and
declared to show that never in the 200
years' family history it contained had a
criminal blot disfigured the escutcheon of
the Ashleys.
Baldwin had told Miss Ashley that she
should be his darling daughter and ulti
mate heiress, as one of his own daughters
had shamefully disobeyed him, and the
other he didn't speak to; she should be a
star in society and should have and com
mand anything that money and position
could obtain.
The defense finally offered in evidence a
series of editorials that had appeared in
the Los Angeles Porcupine. They roasted
"Lucky" Baldwin fearlessly. Twelve of
these articles Baldwin had considered
libelous, and had sued for $5000 damages
on each.
The case will go on again to-day. Both
sides will introduce expert testimony on
insanity. The defense hopes to put two
new witnesses on the stand to prove that
Miss Emma Ashley was temporarily in
sane. The prosecution may begin argu
ment late in the afternoon.
New Stations on the Valley Road.
Three new stations have been opened on the
Valley road, and grain rates, in cents per ton,
are quoted from the new points as follows :
__ j i i'o fcan Francisco,
Fbok ITo Stockton | Port, Cotu, eta
turchell *l 85 I f 2 85~"
.augenour 190 V 2 40
lullard 2 16 2 b5
Burchell is just north of Le Grand, Lauf?e
nour i» north of Sharon, and Bollard it about
seven miles north of Fresno.
Patterson Nonsuited.
A nonsuit was yesterday granted in the
case of James L. Patterson against Bartlett
l>oe et al. Patterson sued lor services ren
dered in connection with tbe silver King
Mining Company deal.
.Loans od diamonds. Interest low. At Uncla
Harria't 10 (irant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
OUR NEW FALL STOCK JUSTOFINED
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
fAt 25 Cents.
92 piece* 44-inch ALL-WOOL NAVY
STORM SERGE, will be placed on sale
at 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
54 pieces 52-inch ALL-WOOL SCOTCH
HEATHER SUITING, in diagonal
and mottled effects, will be placed on
sale at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
44 pieces 46-inch HEAVY ALL-WOOL
NOVELTY BOUCLE SUITING, ele-
gant assortment of colorings, will be
placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
37 pieces 50-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
•FRENCH SUITING, rough effects,
two-toned colorings, will be placed on
sale at $1 a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT !
At 75 Cents a Yard.
30 pieces BROCADED IRIDESCENT
TAFFETA SILK, elegant designs, rich
colorings, good value for $1 25, will be
placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS
GRAIN SILK, new designs, extra
good Value for $1, will be placed on
sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
15 piece* 24-inch BLACK DUCHESSE
SATIN, heavy quality, good value for
$1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a
yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 37J4 Cents.
2 cases FINE FIGURED ENGLISH 310-
HAIR, worth 60c, will be closed out at
37>4c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 44-inch EXTRA HEAVY ALL-
WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 75c,
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 43-inch ALL PURE WOOL
FRENCH NOVELTIES, worth 85c
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
{Mi/ Murphy Building, J
-■ Market anfl Jones Streets,
TO MAKE THEM
TOE THE MARK
Determined Action of the
Railroad Commis
sioners.
MATTER OF LOW FARES.
An Interesting Session of the
Board Expected To-
Morrow.
SOME PERTINENT QUESTION?.
They Are Asked of the Attorney-
G?neral — Steamship Companies
Receive Attention.
There promises to be some interesting
proceedings at the meeting of the Rail
road Commission to-morrow, as will be
seen from the following communication
addressed to Attorney-General W.|F. Pi«z
gerald, by Secretary Samuel Newman,
since the last meeting of the board :
At a meeting of this commission held on the
Bth day of July, 1890, it was determined to
proceed with an investigation of the oflairs
of the Maritet-street Railway Company, a cor
poration organized and existing under the
laws of this State, owning and operating vari
ous lines of street railways over and upon ihe
streets of the City and County of San Kran
clsco, upon which passengers are transported
and fares for such transportation collected
with a view to the fixing by this commission
of rates of charges to be collected by said Mar
ket-street Railway Company for such services,
and accordingly such investigation was regu
larly set for hearing before the commission for
the 7th day of September, 1896, at 1 p. m.
at the office of said Commissioners, in the
CnroDicle building, in said City and County
On the 13th day of August, 1890, this comm
ission Issued iv subpena in form as prepared
T>yyou directed to Joseph L. Wilicutt, secre
tary oi said Market-street Railway Company
requiring him to appear as a witness before
said commission for the time fixed for the
heaririK oi saia matter and to produce and
bring with him at said time to be used on said
investigation certain books and papers of said
Market-street Railway Company theu in his
possession as secretary thereof, containing
matierrand evidence material on said investi
gation. Said subtena was regularly served
upon aaid Joseph L. Wilicutt prior to'tbe time
set for said hearing and return thereof duly
made. Said commission met on said 7th day
of September, 1896, at 1 o'clock p. m at iv
office and then proceeded to take up said in
vestigation, at which time said Joseph L. Wili
cutt appeared before this commission, accom
panied by Fosbay Walker, as his attorney, and
tnen and there aenied the authority of this
commission to enter upon said iuvestigatton
and its authority to subpena him as such wit
ness or require him to produce said books, etc.,
and then and there refused to appear as such
witness or to produce such bookt., etc., on the
crounds that the commission had no author
ity to enter into any Investigation of the af
fairs of said company or to fix rates of fares to
be charged by it. ,
Whereupon said board directed me to obtain
from you your opinion upon the following
questions:
First— Has the commission the power, and is
it its duty to fix tbe rates to be charged by
said Market-street Railway Company for the
transportation, of passengers over the various
lines of street railways operated by «aid Mar
kei-street Railway Company upon and over
the streets of the City and County of San Fran
cisco?
Second— Has this commission power to pun
Having received the great bulk of our MAMMOTH FALL IMPORTATIONS
we open the week with THE MOST EXTENSIVE, THE MOST EXCLUSIVE
AND THE MOST ARTISTICALLY BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF NEW
STYLES AND NOVELTIES ON EXHIBITION, and in inviting an early inspec-
tion of this PEERLESS DISPLAY we offer an additional attraction in the
shape of the following UNMISTAKABLE BARGAINS from the GREAT $300,-
-000 STOCK NOW BEING CLEARED OUT and various lines of NEW GOODS
AT UNMATCHABLY LOW PRICES !
HANDKERCHIEFS I
At 5 Cents Each.
600 dozen LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
COLORED BORDERED HEM-
STITCHED, white hemstitched and
revered, and white hemstitched with
lace insertion or edged Handkerchiefs,
regular price $1 per dozen, will be
closed out at 5c each.
At 10 Cents Each.
250 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL-
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed out
at 10c each.
At 25 Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $6
a dozen, will be closed out at 25c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 1234 Cents.
125 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MIXED- WOOL
SOCKS, with double heels and toes,
in sanitary gray, extra value for 20c,
will be closed out at 12'^c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
96 dozen MEN'S SANITARY WOOL
AND HEAVY MIXED CAMELS'
HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, special value, usual price 85c,
will be closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
J 76 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMBS'
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, warranted undyed and thor-
oughly shrunk, worth $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
55 d « z £ n MEVS MIXED AUSTRALIAN I
WOOL AND CAMELS' HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted non-Shrinkab'e, regular nrice
$1 50. will be closed out at $1 each.
IrC/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. I
i^hi r t« OO n i emp JL OO r f V 8V 8 power in a case such
SSAh !i^? beph L - Wil «»utt. herein before set
*" iU ltbe
the TStoSfnJ mm e att c e d r: tOObta!a ° Ur ° plDlOn On
r»?ptVf hiS i, boftrd the power to Provide tKat the
rates of charges now or hereafter fixed by it
l»r.« c J. ranB P«tatlon of passengers upon the
variouß line;, Of transportation companies con
duct ing business in the State shall include the
rifeht to any person paying such fare as a pas
«# n ?M.{? tal J e wlth him ' without the payment
of additional compensation, a bicycle in place
of the luggage now allowed by law?
xamauo directed to ascertain what if any
r!-fn S J} aY ? been l aKen by you concerning the
refusal of steamboat companies to report to
SWSKI Ju C n°eTl8 n 9G ated to you by me un -
It is expected that the reply or the At
torney-General will be received in time to
guide the action of the Commissioners,
and it is understood tnat the Attornevl
General will recommend that a writ of
mandate be asked to Issue from the Su
preme Court to Jest the question of the
commission's jurisdict on over street rail
ways, and that the matter of contempt be
ignored, so as to get at the real issue with
out unnecessary delay.
, In the matter of bicycles as baEcace it
is believed that the wheelmen will be al
lowed to work out their own salvation
through the medium of the Legislature.
Summary proceedings, however, are likely
to be recommended against the recalcitrant
water transportation companies.
DENOUNCES FREE SILVER.
Dr. Stebbins From His Pulpit
Declares It Would Bring
Disaster.
Common-Sense Must Again Save the
Nation When the Crisis Comes
in November.
Dr. Horatio Stebbins, from the pulpit of
the First Unitarian Church on Sunday
morning, denounced the free coinage of
silver as a measure fraught with both
moral and financial disaster. He said that
the experience of the world has shown that
the inflation of the currency of a nation
has always been followed by distressing
results. To his mind. this is the most im
portant public question that has arisen
since the Civil War, and he relies upon the
common sense of the people, that tradi
tional power, to decide, after the first furor
has passed, against the contemplated
wrong.
He spoke also in very strong terms of
condemnation of. political efforts to array
class against cla.*s, poor against rich, and
characterized iLa man employing such
methods as a foe of his Kind, mining at
the walls of society. During his discourse
he said :
The idea of this new generation is indus
trial, economic and anti-spoil. To abolish
the spolia opima of barbaric war in the ad
ministration of civil government, to apniv
just laws of trade and exchange to foreign
and domestic commerce, to determine the na
ture of money as the visible instrument of
right and wrong, to abolish the strange ab
surdity of overproduction hand in hand with
starvation; these are the problems of the mod
ern time to be decided for the peace and pros
perity of country and mankind. The manifest
facts of , the modern .lime are that power
is rapidly passing from the: hands of the few
to the hands of the many ; that nations are
becoming more human, and that all questions
ol human actions -and' relations are finally
moral questions. Even 'Li Hung Chang the
great Viceroy of China, as he makes the cir
cuit of ' the world tells about ."the welfare of
human kind." Time was when nations were
regarded as natural enemies. To-day they are
taking counsel together, how they can be just
without a quarrel. --Of J
The questions now before this country are
iiot merely matters of party politics, bat those
questions of human welfare < that I divide men
on lines of National ©pinion and lead men be
yond politics into social philosophy.
There are times when the affairs of a Ration
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, ia
' black only, regular value $L will be
closed out at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
284 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors and
black, regular value $1 25, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
At $1.00.
124 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (extra quality), colors red,
brown and tan, regular value $1 50,
will be closed out at $1 a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK, BATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors,
value 10c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 7H Cents.
No. 12 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors,
value 15c, will be closed out at 7>£c a
yard.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES, ripest quality feath-
ers and at lowest prices.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
BOAS, 3ti, 45 and 54 incn, best quality
and at lowest pr.css.
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 45- inch, at $1.
$1 50 and $1 75 each.
iflS Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Street!
ri«e above what is commonly called politics,
into the realm of reason, National sentiment
and of that sense which we call common. Par
ties are shaken and men look for the great
guides of condnct— justice and truth.
The question before the country, than which
nothing more important has risen since the
Civil War, is the inflation of the currency,
which has social and moral bearings far be
yond the bounds of what we call politics.
Money is materialized ethics, the measure of
the value or the property of the peopie. To
counterfeit it or adulterate it is one of the
highest crimes.
It has been common for us as citizens of a
free State to say that a National election, with
all Its noise and tumult, is an education of the
people. Never was that truer than to-day, and
never was there greater cause for confidence
in the judgments of the common mind, based
not on learning but oa the instincts of com
mon sense, backed by the experience of na
tions and mankind. This is the ground of the
famous any ing of a great philanthropic writer :
"Tne voters of the United Slates have several
times iv dealing with financial questions ap
parently been about to do the wrong thing,
bni always at the critical moment the great
common sense of the people has asserted It
self and the wrong thing has been put down
and the right thing made to'prevail. 1 '
And what is this experience of mankind ont
of which philosophy v made as the teacher of
nations? That the inflation of the enrrency
of a nation has always been lollowed by na
tional and moral disaster. It plays a hocus
pocus, a kind of dark-lantern flash, on the
mind, and men think that money is wealth
and that because money is plenty tney are
rich. The mind is intoxicated as when real
estate is sold to the sound ot a life and drum,
and town lots seven miles from anywhere are
seen in the dizzy future as the center of thick
peopled cities. The industrious, frugal, busy
man is led to believe that il there are more
yard-sticLi there will be more cloth, and that
If weights and measures are multiplied there
will be more tea, coffee, sugar and wheat.
Thia is the old story over and over the world
over. Washington, Hamilton, Jefferson, Cal
houn utter the same voice, and all experience,
whether of National necessity or of personal
ambition, from the Red Dog currency of the
Middle West to the war necessities of the Gov
ernment, which known no law but the law of
war, to the "fiat money," which Garfield, of
illustrious memory for tnat, dashed into the
abyss of nothing, all consent in the same re
sult. Emerson deplored it. for it corrupted
the public morals, and George Bancroft de
plored it. for it increased the hardships and
distresses of the poor.
SENT TO SAN QUENTIN.
Hannah Land rid go Committed to Statc'a
I'rlson Instead of County Jail.
Hannah Landridge, the woman who
was last week returned to the City Prison
in a state of intoxication, after having
pleaded guilty to a charge of grand lar
ceny, was yesterday before Judge Beichei
for sentence.
While recovering from the effects of her
debauch the Landridge woman intimated
to the prison officials that she would, when
up for sentence, tell the names of two po
licemen who had induced her to commit
the crime and who had shared the pro
ceeds.
Judge Belcher read the statement as
published in TnE Call, and when the
prisoner appeared yesterday asked her if
she wished to make any statement or
withdraw her plea of guilty. The pris
oner had nothing to say, but her attorney
in her behalf remarked that she belonced
to a respegtable family and that she had
never before been arrested. He said that she
did not receive 5 cents of the proceeds ot
her crime ; that she did not deny that she
was guilty. The clemency of the court
was therefore asked.
The argument seemed to have had little
effect on Judge Belcher, who sentenced
the prisoner to two and a half years in
Ban Quentin.
Addresses on the Charter.
At the next regular meeting of the delegates
to the Citizens' Charter Association, to take
place at the Academy of Science Hall, 819
Market street, on next Thursday evening, ad
dresses upon the charter will be delivered by
A. 8. Hallidie, Coionei E. A. Denicke. F. W.
Dohrmann, James D. Thelan and Charles Wes
ley Reed. A cordial invitation is extended to
tbe public to be present and ladies are espe
cially invited.
A. Honsewarming To-Day.
v The < new : premises of the California Girl's
Training Home will be opened , to-day; at [ 147
Natoma street," The I public is ' invited to at
tend a housewarming there to-day between 1
and 5 r. at. and inspect the new quarters. - ..•--
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 20 Cents.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy,
made specially for boys' wear, worth $4
per dozen, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOBE, extra high-spliced heels,
double toes, Hermsdorf black, always
sold 3 pair for $1, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD FINE
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels, double toes, Hermsdorf
biack, regular price 40c, reduced to 25c
a pair.
At 33V£ Cents.
180 dozen LADIES' EXTRA HEAVY
BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels
and toes, made with unbleached and
black feet, our regular price 50c, re-
duced to 3 pair for $1.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
At 50 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made oi
good quality percale, in all fancy
shades, latest style goods, with bishop
sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25. will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist." ail fancy shades,
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be
closed out at 75c each.
Afsl.oo.
! 00 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and
striped and figured percales, this sea-
son s goods, regular price $2 and $2 50,
will be closed out at $1 each.
\JI\J Murphy Building, /
Met aai Joms Streets.
\ "Judgment!!" • ■ 1
PLUG 3
r. The umpire now decides that H
t "BATTLE AX" is not only f ,
r. decidedly bigger in size than any .1
M other 10. cent piece of tobacco/but the -j
y quality is the finest he ever saw, and 0
h the flavor delicious* Yqjj will never gjj
0 know just how good it is until
± you try it* : - qj|
.. . • - • f ■' : ■ ■ .-
HERB PHYSICIAN the
FLOWERY KINGDOM. /M&ms>k
HE GREAT EMI- R^^^Kla
nence and learning, WpWß|
having long experience In 9^ ■ '
the i Imperial Hospitals of ■ '- .
China. He has practiced IT^ ■ L
his profession In - America N "**• '«*^ jf ■
for ] 5 years and cured tbou- Vl -\ V" : H
sands of sick and afflicted. U I%V> i
He guarantees a cure of all .\ ' ' /'^U. " /
disposes of men. women ■ \ •••*■:/.■
and children where cure Is 'MS*. '"'• 'JC
possible. No matter if oth- L^£a?T*^**?'jLl '
ers have failed to cure you ._tfflF**r*
try DR. GUY. ■ Everybody
Invited to call. Consulta- . .^VOtXWP^
tIOD FBKK. Offlres — 82 1 KPiSKV HT hat
Washington and Jackson K-EABiSY ST., bet.
GREAT BARGAINS
'-' '" " '"' -' __ -■ W ARB ■■,•.
FOR DBOORATINQ
, 8. B. CHUUCH, 307 banaome at., Boom 1. . •
1 ~
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
At $3.50.
LADIES' VELVET, SILK OR CREPON
CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, fancy lin-
ing, trimmed with lace and jet, regu-
lar price $10; Special Sale price $3 50.
At $1.50.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS, in black
and navy blue Kerseys and black clay
worsteds, fronts faced with silk, worth
$6; Special price to close out $150.
At "$4790.
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT CLOTH
SUITS, box jackets lined, skirts lined
l with canvas, colors gray or brown mix-
tures, regular price for these suits was
$7 50; Special Sale price $4 90,
At^OO.
LADIES' HEAVY SEAL PLUSH RIP-
. PLE CAPES, lined with Bilk, storm
collar trimmed with marten fur— a
stylish Fall wrap; price $6.
At $5.00.
. LADIES' BEAVER BOX JACKETS, in
, black and navy, high collar, lap pock-
ets and new sleeves, value for $7; Spe-
cial Sale price $5.
BLANKETS ! BLANKETS !
I GREAT SALE of the FINE WHITE
j BLANKETS at less than mill cost.
, ! These Roods are sliehtly imperfect. The
. i imperfection consists of an oil spot in
their manufacture, or irregularity in the
; weave. For practical purposes they are
perfect, first-class goods v
i 10-4 FINE WHITE OREGON
BLANKETS, a line fabric,
beautifully made, mill cot, t <2»Q CZ.X.
$4 35. On sale at. $0.00
11-4 EXTRA GRADE FINE
EXHIBITION BLAN-
KETS, a large double-bed
width and first class in
every respect, mill cost O,| H ft?
$6 12J£. : On sale at. ........ <$'±> I O
12-4 SUPER QUAL I T V
LAMBS-W OOL BLAN-
KETS," almost finest weave
produced, ■ mill coat $8 10. £*(* A A
On sale at. :.._ «J)D.UIf
1 11-4 WHITE EAST
. BLANKETS, very heavy
and' fully 66 inches wide, (gi OJT
value for $2. Onsaleat.... «p±.£j«J
: ; SPECIAL 1 w SPECIAL i
■ "About 2 cases FINE MISSION-
i ' ■■ . . MADE "LAMB'S -WOOL
;| : WHITE BLANKETS, fully
i ' •'•■ '68 incnes* wide, an elegant
'. ' labric, value $7 50 a pair. D.IAA
On sale at g-x.t/l/
About 50 pairs 13-4 Mission
' . Mill's finest grade LAMB'S-
WOOL WHITE BLANK-
ETS, bound in deep silk
ribbon, value $15 a pair.OiA AA
On sale at. ... «pIU.UU
tstr Murphy Building, J
Martet ail Jones Streets.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The, GRILL ,
Ladl 5 rim ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
_ OPEN UNTIL MmXIUHT.
COSMOFOILCET ACT.
Opposite IT. 8. Mint, 300 and 102 Fifth st., Han
Francisco, Cai — The most select - family hotel la
tbe city. Board and room $1, Cl 25 and $1 50 pec
day, according . to room. ■ Meals 25c. . Booms sOa
and 75c a day. . Free coach- to and from the hoieL
Loose for the coach bearing the name of the Co*,
aopolilaa Hotei, WM. i'AiUiV, Proprietor
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
6V MM Alt OF THIS . ilAlili-U'l'si.
Sliver lower.
Shipment of $423,796 to China,
Wheat active and firm.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Continued heavy receipts of Hay.
■ Large White Beans move off freely.
• Potatoes rather steadier.
Onions continue cheap. i
Vegetables about the same.
Batter lower. Eggs firmer.
More Eastern Poultry due.
Strawberries advancing.
Melons d Ing better.
Grapes rather firmer.
. Dried Fruit unchanged.
Provisions as before.
TKKASUKK SHIPMENT. .{
The City of Peking took out a treasure list of
? 4 23,790, consisting of $39,241 In Mexican Dollars,
$ 3375 in Gold Coin, and $381,180 in Silver Bullion.
Explanation.
The arrow files with th* wind. The top figures
,at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
tines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "bltfh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washinctoo
coast, when the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
1 north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, wuinei
weather may be expected in summer and coldei
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
trill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbictti>
TDBE. Weathke .Bureau, -San Francisco, Sept.
21, 1896. 5 p. 11 — Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day.
Eureka 60, Bed Bluff 74, fan Francisco 64,
Fresno 78, San Luis Obtspo 74, Los Angeles 74.
ban Diego 72, Yuma 90.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 54, mean 59.
The pressure is falling slightly along the Oregon
coast. It has risen over Montana,. Wyoming and
the States eastward. There are no well-manced
high or low areas over the western' half of the
United States to-nig X.
The temperature has risen over Utah, Arizona.
Nevada and Eastern California. It has fallen over
the Dakotas. '1 he temperature is still below the
normal in the great leys of California.
No rain has fallen over the western half of the
country in the pas: twelve hours. Fog is reported
along the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hoars
ending midnicht. September 22, 1896: ■
Northern California— Cloudy In the forenoone
fair Tuesday; westerly winds; light fog In th:
morning
southern California— Fair Tuesday; light fog
In the morning: light northwesterly winds.
.Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; continued high tem
perature.
San Francisco and vicinlly— in the morn
ins; fair th rest of the day; light to fresh westerly
winds: ion in the morning.
, Alex. G. Me Adi Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
; *■ ■ I li. uncial. ,
Nl w YORK, N. V., Sept. 21.— The railway
and miscellaneous stock market was strong and
higher to-day. Business was not active by any
means, but tha trading was well distributed. The
demand from outside sources as of late was light,
but the professional element was generally
arrayed on the bull side of the account. The latter
was more favorably Impressed with Saturday's
bank statemen , the easier condition of the
money market, the arrivals of gold from Europe
and the reports of the starting up of mills in New
York and Pennsylvania. Money on time was In
be ter supply and a lew transactious were reported
at 6 per cent on good stock exenange collateral
without a commission.
in regard to gold Imports it was announced that
£203,000 American eagles had been sold by the
Bank of England for shipment to New York.
The opinion obtained that at least $16,000,000 ad
ditional will be forwarded to this country in the
near future. This would brine the total importa
tions since An? 28 ud to $50,000,000. At in
tervals operator* were disposed to tage profits,
but the offerings were qnickiy absorbed and near
the close a number of stocks sold at the best
figures of the day. The unfavorable reports of
the Northwest roads for August and of the
Northern Pacific lor the second week of Septem
ber were generally ignored. - .
Manhattan was the special feature, and after an
early decline to 8514 jumped to 88(g,875^ A re
port was current th.it a deal was on foot, with the
Metropo i an Traction, sugar, leather preferred,
I aefcawanna, Erie first preferred, the grangers,
Reading, Northern Pacific preferred and Western
Union moved up 14@2 per cent. Chicago Gas
gained v i>oint on a story that the offiKials of the
various companies In Chicago were endeavoring
to arrive at an understanding in regard o the
rates. In lie final ..ea. ings the grangers and the
low-prised issues were in particularly good request.
Speculation left off strong, with prices anywhere
from 14 to 21/* higher than a*, the close on Nut
urday. Tola. sales were 173 01 shares, including
32,800 sug«r, -:4.100 St. Paul, 17,700 Manhattan
and 15,100 uuriiiisr.ou.
Bonds w. re active and strong. Total sales were
1.000. 000. East Tennessee consols fives rose
1% to 105. Kansas 1 aclfic conso.idaied sixes 214
to 63. Kansas and Texas seconds 1 10 55%, Nickel
Plate lours 1% to 103%. 1 eoria and eastern con
soiidateu fours 3 to 74%, Redding first preferred
Ji 8 10 33%, do thirds 1% to 18, Texas Pacific
fiiHts 1 to 79% and Denver and Uulf fives Ito
bO%.
in Government bonus $80,500 coupon fours of
19^5 so.'l at 116*t11644; $10,000 00 of 1907 at
197% and 512.000 coupon fives at 110%@1103yi.
(.rain.
FJX)UR— DuII, held firmly. Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 SU; do, fair to fancy, $2 40<a3 40
-city mills, $3 50@3 25: do, patents, $3 50 @ 3 80 •
winter fair to fancy, $2 4U<3»» 40: city mills, $3 15
($3 25; winter patents, So 50 (£-53 80; city mill
patents, $4 30 (g»s4 25: Minn-soia clear, $2 '6Q(ca
2 90; ryo mixtures, $i 560 <§> 3 00; Minnesota
.wails, ¥- 85@3 60; supertii.e, $1 So @ 2-10-
Minnesota palenig, *3 "Jo @ 4 20: fine. SI 40 (a
'2 00. Rye flour, steady, $2 25@2 75.
UOitNMK . L— Quiet; active. Yellow West
ern. $190@2. ,
KYk— Dull : firm. Western. 40c, c. i. £
BARLEY— Firm. 48 poun.is, SI%C ' -
WHEAT— Spot market opened weaker, closed
stronger, with options doll; j. o. b. BVsC: ungraded
red. 70,a,82c; No. l Northern, 68Vsc.
Options opened weak and declined I@l V«c on
decidedly lower cables, increased supplies and an
incr axe of 1,520,000 bushels on passage, with
foreign selling and West weaker; ra.lk-d 1V 8
js/gc, with the West and on I ale foreign buying
closing strong .a y,@y 4 c over .--a urciav, "wi.n
trading fairly actlue. December and May most
active. No. 2 rid closed January, 0934 c; May
7134 c: September, 6t>s/jjc:<>< iodct, 66% c; Novem
ber, 67% c: December. oß%c. -
( OKA -Spot, fairly active; firmer. No. 2, 20iAc
elevator; 27%<* afloat. . . ,
Options declined VB@%c on increased supply
ami easier cables, with longs rea.ii ng; ra lieu
%@Vic with he \V«st, < losing Irregular, with
near months unchanged, and May quiet and lower
'_ FIJiANCIAL. ~
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHtLLoCK & CO.,
■4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
- ... . BItANCH OFFICE -!■ ::>■
623 , Market St.; ; Palace Hotel. 1 TeL Main • 5828
I'lKUl & ATKINSON Managers. -
Orders instantly executed on ■ latest market quo-
•"_ tat ions. Reference Ist National Bank, H. F? -
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. NEW YORK.
December and October most active. September
closed at 26% c: October, ::6%@2e%c: Decem
ber, 27 13-16®-8c: Mar. 30 l-T6@3oVic.
OATS -Spot, firm dull.
Options dull. September closed, 20% c; Octo
ber. 20% c; May, 21% c
s- pot prices: -No. 2, •Jul4'-: No 2 white, 24% c; No.
2 Chicago, 21%c:j>o. 3, l8%@I884c; No. 3 white,
21 %c: mixed Western, 19©21V«c; white do,
20@29& • .-•
.- . i rc)vinlon«.
LAPP-Quiet, stronger: Western steam, JR 90:
city, S3 50; September, S3 85,. nominal; rvfiii'd
dull; comment, $4 20; bourn American, $1 60:
compound, : %@4c
, PORK-Firm ; new mess. $7 70@8 60.
BUTTKK-Qulet: fancy about steady: Western
dairy. He; do creamery. ll@15c: Elglns, 15c;
imitation creamery, 9@11%c.
CHEESE— Quiet: part skims, 3@6c.
EGGS— Fancy, firm; Western fresh, 14@16c:
do V case. $1 s'o@:; 60.
TALLOW— Firm; city, 3%@4c: country, 3y ®
B%c. • .
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, steady; crude, 18©
22c; yellow, prime, 23%@2354c - ..
RICE— fairly active; domestic, B@s&4c;
Japan. 4@l Vie
MOLASSES— Fair demand, firm; New Orleans,
27@37c.
COFFEE— Firm. 20@26 points up; September.
Si' 65@10 00: October, $9 35@9 50: November,
$o@9 BO: December, $8 60<a9; January, $9; Feb
ruary, *8 95@9; March, »9@9 05: April, §«» 85®
$8 95; May. $8 95@9: June. $8 95@9 05: July,
$8 90<a9 06; Spot Rio, dull, steady: No. 7, 10V*"®
10*/« c
st GAR— Quiet, unchanged: off A. 4 7-16@4%c:
mold A, 6c; standard ' A, 4%c; confec.ioners' A.
4 %c: cut loaf am: crushed, o%c; powaered, Be;
granulated. 4 14 c; cubes, &C.
IV rait ami Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%@loc. .
PEACHES— PeeIed, nominal, 12@14c: do on
peeled, 6@Bc. .
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4%<a4%c v •, . :
RAISINS— Two-crown, . oose Muscatel. 4%c:
do three-crown. 514 c: do >our-crowu, fi%@6c;
London layers, $l(a.l 16; -clusters, SI 45.
HOPS— Quiet. Pacific Coast, 6@:B%c.
WOOL — steady. Domestic neece, 16©23 c:
pulled, 18031 c; Texas, 7<a)l2a ./*■•
Merchandise.
no IPON— Quiet. American. »10 25@12 50.
COPPEB-Qulet. Lake. $10 70 211.
LEAD— Easier. Domestic, # 2 75®2 80.
1 1N— Easier. Si run*. $13 10.
bPELTh.K-Flrm. Domestic 83 35@3 65.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, tab, Sept. 12.— The crowd found
bull news on wheat a scarce article this morning,
figures and information tending generally to en
courage selling rather than buying. A liberal
quantity of wheat has been waiting for some days
for prices to oulge, and their failure to display
anything but heaviness this morning brought out
considerable of It. Before the opening the curb
trading was at easy quotations, the estimate that
the world's shipments for the week would aggre
gate 8, 250,000 bushels having a depressing effect.
An Increase In the amount on ocean passage of
1,520,000 bushels and In the visible supply of
2,050,000 bushels only added to the weakness on
the ' regular session. Liverpool cables were *4d
lower. Receipts at Chicago were 173 cars ana the
Northwest had 1108 cars, against 1052 last Mon
day and 1655 a year ago. Local Inspections from
store were 172,282 bushels. Closing Continental
cables were lower. Export clearances amounted
to 256,170 bushels. About neon the Northwest
sent some buying orders and the execution of
them caused a slight rally. Later shorts covered
free and a firmer feeling developed. The English
visible supply decreased 11.000 bushels- De. em
ber opened at 61c, sold between 60%£i60(tac and
62 Vie. closing at 62y B @62i4c, 8 /i©i%i" higher than
Saturday. Estimated receipts tor to-morrow 360
cars.
CORN— corn market was weak and lower,
sympathy with wheat, early largely Influencing
the tone, while the regular news was not calculat
ed to infuse courage among holders. Receipts,
395 cars, were 17 more than expected. Withdraw
als from store amounted to 540,854 bushels. The
visible supply Increased 614.0 jO bushels and the
amount on ocean passage 400,000 bushels. Liver
pool cables were unchanged Danublan shipments
of corn last week amounted 10 376,000 bushels.
Kxport clearances amounted to 291,434 bushels.
May corn opened a. 24«4c declined to 248/ 8
24% c, closing at 2434 c, y 8 under Saturday. Esti
mated receipts tor to-morrow 700 cars.
OATS— Were quiet and easy. Traders looked to
wheat for their guidance, and as thai market was
weak there was no alternative for oats bat to
adopt a like tone.- The visible supply Increased
382,000 bushels. Receipts were 343 cars, and
253,733 bushels were taxen from store. Export
clearances amounted to 55.18s bushel*. May oats
cloied a shade higher. Estimated receipts for to- .
morrow. 440 cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 68@69%c; Septem
ber, 68@69%c; December, 70®72c: May, 77 % c
Receipts were 126 curs.
PROVISIONS— Business in product was not
large or In any manner slgmfican . There were
moderate transactions in which local profession
als and packers figured principally. ■ The toue was
firm and reflected the teellntr of the hog market.
January pork closed 7%c higher, January lard
2%c higher and January ribs a shade higher. . .
BUTTER— Was weak and lower to-day. A libb
er"! supply was offered and the demand was poor.
Creameries— Extras, 14% eft lb: firsts, 12@13c;
seconds, 10@l.c; imitations, fancy, 12®. 5c.
l>airiea— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, B®B%c; packing
stock. 6@7c: grease. 4 (a. 5c.
EGGS— Were In good demand and firm. - Fresh
stock 14@14%c ft doz.
MONfci— Was b@.7%.0n call and 1% on time
loans. .New Yarn exchange sold at el 10 $1 10 dis
count.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT— September. 61 Vie; December, 62y @
62V4C; May, 66y e. '
CoKN— eeptemoer. 21 Vie; December, 21»4c;
May, 'J4JJ4C. . . '
OATS— September. 16^c; December, 16% c:
May. 1914 c. - •• • ■ ■■ ■ . ■
PORK— October, $5 95; January, $7 05.
LAKD— October, $3 52%; January-, #3 90. v -,
l'-t-bb— October, $J 16; January, $3 60. -
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lij.. Sent.' Offer
ings of cattle to-day were light. The demand was
good. Choice kinds were 10c to 16c higher, but
the ordinary sorts were only steady. Packers and
shippers were good buyers of hogs. Offerings were
moderate and prices firm to 5c higher. The run
of 'sheep was liberal. Prices were 10c to 15c
lower.
CATTLK — Receipts. 11,600. " Fancy beeves,
»4 I o@s 00: choice to crime. 1300 to 1700 lb steers,
$ 1 4SW4 85; good to* choice steers. 1200 to ltiOO tt>.
$4 Ol'fei 40; medium steers. 1000 to 1300 &>. $3 80
©3 95: fair beef steers. 650 to 1300 lbs,
S3 60 @ 8 75: butcher steers. S3 10 14 3 60;
choice stocken and feeders,* 900 to 1250 lb. *3 25
@3 80; fair do. 600 to 875 it,. S2 40@3 *0; bulls,
choice to extra, S2 80(33 25: bulls, poor to choice,
51 75®;! 76: cows ana better*, choice to extra, S3 50
(a, A 7j; cows, fair to choice, %'l 25®3 40: cows,
common to fair canners. SI 25®2 10; calves, good
to choice, £5 &o@6 00: calves, common to good,
*2 7&@5 60; Texas grass steers. »l' 35® 2 90.
Texas cows and bulls, $1 75®2 50; Western can
ning steer*, $2 65(54; Western range cows and heir
ers. $2 00(ij.3 25. milkers and springers, V nead,
$20®37: Western ranee steers, S2 600.3 65.
Hog» — P.eceipts. 33,00 a Heavy packlns ana
rblpplne lots. 92 75(a.3 25: common to ■ choice
mixed, S2 86Cai3 30: choice assorted. $3 20®
0 35: light, «2 85&3 35 ; pigs. SI 6003 30.
ttiKt.t— lttceipis, 30.00 U. uit«fiac to choice,
Hi Co(a2 85: iambs. 43^.3 85. ■• ,
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept.' Porter Bros. Com
panr sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes-Tokays. S3 35®3 65 ft double crate and
76c(a$l 20 fl singe; Muscats, SI 05fail 10. Pears
— Banielts, $1 85@1 90 ft box. Peaches
•1 05 ft box. .
NEW YORK. N. V., bept. 21.-Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day, as follows-
Grapes— 60c@$l 55 single crates; assort
ed, *1 10@l 45; Muscatels, 55c@$l 25: Malvoise
80c@»l 20. Pears— deckels. SI 25@1 60 « box-
Doy dv Cornice, Si 10@l 20; Beurre Hardy, Sl®
115. Peaches— Balways, 4. @9Sc ft box: other
varieties, 35®75c. Plums -KoenU Claude, 90c «"
half crate. Prunes— 60c ft half crate.
NEW \OKiv STOCKS.
liondst Exchange, Money and Itallroml
Sliar««.
Money on call easier at 3446%; last loan at 3@3
and closing offered at 3%%. Prime mercantile pa
per, i-CgXlU',;. i.ar silver, £5 14 c. Mexican dollars.
60y B a c. isicrling Kxch:n,»c- isaull, with actual
buMiii-ss in- bankers' bills nt $4 hll/»to4 BIS 4
lor - xty oays, and f 4 8 5i 8,4 (4 4 84 for'demauu*
Posted rates. $4 fe2@4 - 84%. Commercial bills.
$4 «0%(54 bli/4- Government bonds firm. State
bonds dull. . liailroad bonds strong. Silver at the
board wan steady.
Clxmrsa rrocir*. <" ..
Am Tel & Cable.... .88 I Norfolk ft WeMrn 81A
Atchlson.. -11% Preferred..... , 12V
Preferred ..... 17%: Northern Pacific... Vi*Z
Adams Express. ...142 - Preferred.. .r...".. SJOVI
Alton. Terre Haute 85 Northwestern . 991/?
American Expression Preferred. .....145
AmerlcanToDacca 62^ N. Y. Central " ' 62«vfe
Preferred .*..: 95 N.Y..Chicago&.l.ll 93,*
FajStateUas 16% Ist preferred 86 '*
.lajtimore<tOhl(».. 12%. ird preferred 26
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y.&N. H. • 188
fcoffalo, Koch AP. 17 N. Y. & New Enil 20
Canada Pacific... 68 N. V., susq * W... hi,
Canada Southern... 44 Preferred. I*S
Canton land: 8 untario ' 10%
Central Pacific 13% Ontario A Western 13
Ches. .fc0h10...... . a * 7 / 8 Oregon Improvmn* . %
Chicago Alton. 162 i preferred. — .
Preferred. ....... 165 -(Oregon Navigation 12-
Chicago. B. & a. .. 6(-y a Oregon Short Line. 13i/ 4
ChicaKO&K. 111... 38% laclflc Ma 11.... ... IBIJ
•Preferred.... .... ha 1 eorla, D. & Evan* la?
ChlcagoGas; ;...... 60% Pittsburij A W. pfd 15 '*
CleveA Ptttsbnr*..lsO. Pullman i'a1ac8....142:<.
Consolidation CoaL 31 . Quicksilver.... .v«
Consolidated lias.. 145 ' Preferred.. ... 15
C. C. C. & St. Louis 24% Reading .....' !".*.'.. 16V.,
Preferred.;....:.. 75 <RloGrande<feWesta 15^
Cola Fuel & iron.. 18% Preferred. 40
Preferred......... 76 (Rock Island. tO»i
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12 14 Home Wat<&Oeaen.loU ■
Commercial Cable. liO St.L.&S. W. 31 .
el. Hudson 121% Preferred....."" Til
Del.Lack.fc Westrn. 153 St. Paul 7la*
Denver R. 0;...-. 10»i \ hum.."""]
.. Preferred... 42J/s Bt. Paul & Dulatb. J5
U15t111er5.. .....: Pifierred. 75
General Kloctrlo... 27^ St. Paul & Omaha. 36%
trie........:........ 123* 1 Preferred. 116
• Preferroa....;.... 29 .BuP.M. 4M -. 103
fort Wayne..;.. .-.:146' silver Certificates.- 65%
treat Northern pfdll2 Southern Pactfic 15u
Green 8ay........;/;. * % Southern K. &.:... 7%
HRrtem. ...........300 I > Preierret... .; 21%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
Hocking Coal iSngar Refinery .... 113%
Hocking Valley.... 13% - Preferred. 9-%
Homestake. :.... 34% Term. Coal <k Iron. 20%
H. & Texas Cent...— Preferred. 90
Illinois Central..... 89 Texas Pacific «%
lowa Central **A Tol.A.A.<fcN.Miob..—
Preferred 28 Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas & Texas... 10 Preferred. 65 -\.
Preferred; ..23 Tol.St.LouisifcK.C t>
Kingston Pern... 3 - Preferred. 16
Lake Erie <& Westa 14% Union Pacino 6%
Preferred......... 63 U. P. Den 4 Golf.. IV*
Lake Shore •.. 144% U. & Coraage 8%
National Lead 20 Preferred. ...... 7%
Preferred......... 82 I Guaranteed ..„. 15
Long Island ...63 'I', S. Express....— 35 •
Louisville & Nasa. • 41% L . a. Leather «V»
LoulsvUle. NaJtC* 2 ' Preferred. 64
Preferred. 6 U. S. Rubber....... 17%
Manhattan Con sot. 87% Preferred. 70
Memphis .fa Chari*. 16 Ctica&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... K9 \\ nb. b. L. & Pao.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 87 Preferred. 13%
limn a: aL. — Wells-Fargo. .60 ■
Preferred.......... — Western Union.... s 83%
Minn & St. L com. 14 Wisconsin Central. l /g
Jst preferred-.... 64*4 Wheeling <£. L. IS.. 6%
2dpreferred 37 Preferred. 23%
Missouri Pacific.. 19 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 46
Mobile* Ohio 16 W. U. Beef 6%
Nashville & Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 6%
National Linseed.. 14 | Preferred. 18%
N.J. Central 100% Brooklyn Traction. 20%
North American... 4V 4 Erie 24 pfd, 17% i
Cl-OSINO BONO*.
Ala Class A €»..... 100 Northern Pac lsta. 11 4%
Do Class B 4. 55.. 101 Do2ds 105
Alabama, ciatu C 95 Do3ds. .. 68
Atcnison«s 75V 8 Do consol ".*".". 45
Do-Jds A .*... 34VsiOImDrovement Ist 72
CanadaSouth2ds..loiy 8 i Do 6s . 10
Cen Pac lstsof'9s. 98 ORANists. lOBVi
Cherokee 4s, 1898.100% Do :on«ol 5s 83
Do 1887...;......10uW0r Short Line 65.. .105
po 1898 .....10J% Doconsss 69%
Do 1899 100% pacific os Of -97....
CbesAOhlo 05....104 Phlla&ueading 4s. 74%
Cb&N PTr Rets 6s 39% Do Ist pfd incam. 33%
DCB-65S 10914 R Grande West lsu 68%
Den & KG 110y 2 |stL<klronMtGenss 69
t . **> *2-- 86 StL&BF Gen 102
r 'f r^» 58% St Paul Consols.... 124
H\\ ADenCitylsts 48 St P C<fe Pa 15t5...11»
°H4 BA6s 101 so Carolina 4%5... 90
D02d75.........,100 Southern KK5i... 88
Gen Elec Deb 65... 87 Do Pac Cal Ist*.. llo
HA Tex Cent 65.. 106 Term new 8s 70
Dooonfis. 102 Texas Pacific lsis. 79%
lowa Central lsts. . 90% Texas Pacific 2ds. . 1 7
Kansas Pa Consols 63 Union Pac lsts 100
>» Pm 1«iu» Den dlvloß ten reg of 1925.115%
La Consol 45....... 90 Do4s, coupon 115
Missouri funding... D <s.rce of 1907.106V4
MKT2ds 65% Do «s. coupon.... 107y 3
.. Do ,*s ;.... 79% Do 2s 92%
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 83% Doss..^ 110%
Mutual Union 65... 10«y 4 ! l*>os. coupon.... 110%
N J Cent Gen 55.. .114 Va funding debt... 66%
N V CAst Louis 4s 103% Do registered. —
NorAWest Gen 116 Do deferred 65. .. 6
*> Carolina con 45.. 9U Do trust rcptsst. 4
,Do6s 110 iWabash Ist 5s 103%
Northwest Consols. 131% West Shore 4*..... 10
Do deb 5s 10.,% •
I'OKEIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Ess., Sept. 2L— The spot market
is firm at 5s BVfed@ss lOd. Cargoes steady at
2tts tid, sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTUBES.
The Produce Exchanee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Hetl Winter: Sep
tember. 6s 4^4d; October, 5s 4V*d: November, 5s
4^d; December, 6>>4%d; January, 6s 6d.
BECITBITIES.
LONDON, Exa, Sent. 31. -Consols. HOiA; sil
ver, 303- 16 d; French Kentes, 102f 76c.
EXCHANGE AM) BUJLIiION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — (4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight .' — 4 85
Sterling Cables _ 4 87
New York Kxchange, sight — 10
New \ ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, %» ounce — 65Vk
Mexican Dollars 61 61Vi
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AMU OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The demand Is active at steady prices.
The John Cooke takes for Cork ti7,326 ctls,
valued at $70,088.
No. I,sl@l 01% V ctl; choice, $1 02%; lower
trades, 90&97% cHi ctl; extra choice for milling,
SI 033 /4 f>. ctl.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls, SI 04i 4 :
20,000,81 04% *
Kkoular Mornino Session— December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 04%: 6000. SI 05; 16,00(>, SI 05 V«
Akikenckin session — December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 05%: 6000, SI 05%.
BAKLfc-Y— Shipment of 57,894 ctls Brewing and
Chevalier, valued at £52,000, to Bristol and 56,143
ctis Brewing, at $44,448, to Ipswlcb. We quote
Feed, 57%(g*61i/4C > ctl: choice bright. 6i!Va@
65c; Brewing. 7l!%S*80o f) cU; Chevalier, 90e(ffl
SI tor No. 1.
CALL BOARD SALES-
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
.'•hum) session— No sales.
Regular Morning .-session— No sales.
OATS— Black, tor feed, 70@80c: Milling, 87%@
92% eft ctl: fancy feed. 92%@95c fs ctls good
to choice. 85@92%c: common to fair, 75®80c:
Gray, 85©87%cs Surprise. 95c®Sl 02%.
CORN— Weak and dull. Large Yellow, 80®
82% c: Small Hound do, 85c f) cU; Whit*, 76®80c.
RYE-62%@87%c^ct1. .
BUCKW HEAT— Nominal at 85®950 9 ctL
' FLOUR A>'l> BIILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, S3 60@3 70 fi bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 40®
3 60; superfine S2 75@3.
CORN MEAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, 519@19 60;
Cracked corn. 819 60@-.'o f( ton.
MILLSTLFF— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, S2 10-
Rye Flour. *2 50; Rice Hour, $6 75; Cornmeal,
82 10: extra cream do, 82 76: oatmeal, $2 00- Oat
i.roats, $3 50: Hominy, *3 10®3 30; Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10®3 30: Cracked Wheat. $2 76- Fa
rina, $3f>o; Whole Wheat Flour, 82 30: Rolled
Oats. S3 60; Pearl Uarley, *3 60; split Peas, S3 2o-
Green do, *4 10 %* 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 30 for the best and «11@11 60
ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— 9 15 ft ton for lower grades, and
Sl6@lß -$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS—RoIIed Barley, Sl4 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton: jobbing, 822; clipped
Oats. 97%c@Sl 05 ft ctl. »• -r . . F *^
HA V— Receipts continue too largo. Wheat Is
quotable at $7@9 ft ton: Wheat and oat, $6@B 50
Oat, *5®7: Barley. $6(SiV; iUver Barley, $4 50@5;
Alfalfa, $5 60@6 60 lor second and 84 60@5 for
-first cutting: compressed 86®9: stock, «4ais-
Clover, 6©7 60 f* ton. • ** '
BTitAW— 3o®3sc ft bale. {
BEANS AND SEEDS,
BEANS— movement in large Whites con
tinues. Bayos are quotable at9sc@Sl 16 ft ctl*
Small Whites, 85c@$l 10 .fl ctl; Pea. 96c@
SI 15 1* ctl; Large Whites, 80@90o % ctl; Pink
75@<5c V- ctl: Reds, $I@l 10 %4 ctl: Blackeye
SI 25: Red Kidney, 81u»l 10; Llmas, SI 60ia
1 77%: Butters, 81 25@1"40. . .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 65(i52 66- Yellow
Mustard, SI 25®1 60: Flax, 81 25; Canary 2iA
@234 c % lb; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, 2%c; Hemp
3Va° ¥> I>.
DRIED PEAS-si 10@l 40 VcU for NUes and
SI 25@1 50 for Green.
POTATOJES, OHIOKS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — The market Is quoted rather
steadier. Sweet Potatoes are quotable ,at , 75c
(a-$l 20 ft ctl; Garnet Codes, 40@60c ft 0U: Early
Hose, 25@35 9 sack; Burbank Seedlings, 25@35c
Vi saCK lor Kivers and 50@85c c I for Hallnas.
ONIONS— 2S@3Oc * sack; Pickles. 50c » sack.
VEGETABLES— Pickles are firmer. Marrowfat
Squash is quotable at f6@B ft ton; Green Corn,
4C(n.7uc ft sack: Alameda Corn, Sl(g,l 50 ft-crate;
Berkeley Corn, 35@40c ft box; Summer Squash,
15@25c ft box: Egg Plant, 25@40c » box:
Tomatoes. 15©26 c p, box; AJameda Cucumbers,
2.'<Q3&c; Pick.es, l%c 9 lb for No 1 and 76®
,80c f) ctl for No. a; Green Peppers, 25@3Jc «i
large box for Chile and 25@30c for tell: Green
Peas, 75c@$l f\ sk for common and 2@2%c *& lb
for Garden; String Beans, 60c(q,«51 * sack lor com
mon and 2@2%c ft lb lor garden : LI mas. 50@76c
%4 sack; Green Okra. 40©50 c box: Dried Ok ra.
l- I . sc- ij» tt>; Cabbage, 40c ft ctl; Carrots, 26@30c
li sack; Garlic, 1@1 8,4c ¥ lb.
ULTTKK, CUKJK^E AND KGGS.
BUTTER— market Is off again and very
weak.
ckkamkky— Fancy, 22@22%c V lb; seconds, 20
(<s2lc fi lb. ,
IJArßY— Fancy, 20c ft ft: good to choice, 17%@
19c: lower grades, 2 @l6c ft lb.
PICKLKD— lf)@l7c to.
Firkin— l4@itjc 9 lb. -
■ CJIEEsE —Choice mild new Is quotable at
ft tt>: common to good old, 6(sßc ft tb:
Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America, 9@)loc-
Western, 10@llc: Eastern, ll@l3c $ lb.
EG«; — market continues strong, as both
choice and poor goods are cleaning up. Oregon
are quotable at 10(&13c ft dozen; -'Eastern, 16®
18c tor fair to choice and 1 £@20c for fancy • store
Kggs. 12@14c lor ordinary and 15@17%c for good;
ranch Eggs, 25@30c; cold storaee ranch, 17(qi
1 8c ; Duck Eggs, IB@]7 fi doz.
Poultry" AND GAME.
POULTRY— a car of Eastern is expected to-day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@16c « lb for
gobbler*. 12@14c fl lb for Hens:. Geese, ft pair,
$ (41 25;. Gosllugs, *1 25®1 50; Ducks. 82 60@3
0 doz for old and $3 50@*'50 for young; Hens,
$4(265 : Boosters, youn-^, $3 50@4 50 i) dor; do,
old, S4@4 50: Fryers, 9£ 75@3: Broilers, 92 60®
■i for large and 9 tQ'i 50 tor small; Pigeons,
*1 75 %i dozen for young and $1 60@l 76 for old.
GAME— Nominal. -. . .• •-. .
OKCII>UOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
rite market shows no particular change.
Quinces, 3".(a60c f> box.
Peaches, l'6fe4oc ft box for ordinary and 60@65c
or iloiiuißi'. free.
Plums, 25®4Uc« box: I'iunes, 38(g)50c.
l'nne;r.ui;ucs. b:>iOi76c ft box.
Apples, 60c@91 fl box for choice and 25550 c
:or common.
Pearß, 30@50c f, dox; Burtletts, 75c@$l ft large
Figs, 26@35c ft box for while and 25©85 c tor
BEKRIKH — Strawberries continue to advance
strawberries, «4®6 tor largo berries,
Raspberries, f3®4 * chesu
Blackberries, $2@4 % chest. - - ,;'"-- ,
Huckleberries, b@»c lb. '
Cranberries from Wisconsin, $8 50@9; Cape Cod
are quoted at $3 toi99 3ft bbl.
GRAPES— The market is In very fair shape
and prices stow some improvement. Seedless
are quotable at 35@50c $ box: Isabellas. 50@65c
f crate: Tokays, 35@50c f! box; Black Grapes,
35@50c box: Muscats. 35@50c: waters
and Fontalneblcaux, 35@40c *i box; Grapes in
crates bring 10<£16c more than in boxes
Zintaudel Wine Grapes, $20@25 ft ton.
MELONS— Cantaloupes and Nntmees are doing
bettor. Watermelons, $2@B * 100: Cantaloupes,
60c@$i « crate; Nutmegs. 25@60c * box.
CHRIS FRUITS— 76c@81 50 V box
for common and 1 2 f>o'G,3 60 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, 85@5 50 %» box; Calliornia Limes.
77: Bananas, Sl@2 bunch; Pineapples, 82®
o 60 f4 doz. . -
DRIED fruits, KAISINS, nuts, etc.
dried fruit
: Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@Bc V lb for Royals
and 9@lOo V tb for choice to fancy Moornarks;
Prunes. 3c lb; Peaches, 3@4c Vlb for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and B@loc for peeled in
boxes: Apples, 5c for evaporated and 2@2%c for
sun-dried ; Pears, 1 V»@3c for prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4@6c for halves; Plums, 4c for pit
ted and l%@2c for unpitted: Nectarines, 3@4c
for choice and 5c for fancy; white Figs, 8c; black
Figs, 2Vi@2%c. ; _^r ■
Jobbing PBirEß— New Peaches. 4i4@5%c ii
tt>: fancy, 7c $ lb; - new Apricots, 6®7c %i Ib:
fancy, 8c; Moorparks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, 6c; sun-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for the four
sizes: new Figs, black. 2%c for unpressed' ana
S@3% for pressed: white ifgs, 4c: Plums, 6c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines. 4
<$6c V lb for prime to fancy: Pears. 2%@Sc for
whole. 2%®3%c for quarters and 4@sc for halves.
RA I SI S— . .:• .
I'asmis Pbioks, r. o. b. Fresno— Fonr-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown, S^4c; 2-crown, 2»/ic; Seedless
Sultanas, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10; clusters, 81 »6; Dehesa
clusters, $1 76; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Grapes, 2%c ft Ib.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crpwn, 3S4c 9 tb; 2-crown, 8c # lb; seedless Sul
tanas, 6c Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1; clusters, 60: Dehesa clus
ters, 82 60: Imperial clusters, . 2 60.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c 9 lb for Languedoc,
1* lb for hardshell and 9@loc f» Ib for paper
shell, Jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c lbfor Eastern and
4c for California: Hickory Nuts, 6®6c 9 lb;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc lb; Cocoanuts, $4@5 fi 100.
HONEY— comb, 10@12%c lor bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5@5%c;.
light amber extracted, 4%fta4%c; dark amber, 4@
4V4c; aark, 2@3c V Ib. T2iari/ * * "^
AJC^_2s@27c Ib.
FKO VISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6%c ?> ft for heavy,
7%c tb for light medium, 9®9y a c ii Ib
for light, 10@llc tor extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c;
California Hams. 10@llc 9 lb; Mess Beef, $7($8:
extra mess do, $8 50@9; family do, $10@ll: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 60; extra Clear, $13 %i bbl;
mess, $11 60@12 9 bDI: Smoked Beef, 10c 9 Ib.
jlAßD— Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4J,4c 9 it
for compound and 5%c for pure; palls, 6c ft Ib;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 5%c tor
pure; baif-bbls, 6%c; 10- &> tins, 6V4C: do 5-tt»,
6%c "$ lb.
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c In halt-bbls and 6%@
7% * • It in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers 6%c;
cullsand brands, 6%c; medium, 5%@6c; culls and
brands, 4%&5 cv* Ib; light, 4@4%c; culls and
branas. 3y 2 @4c; Cowhides, 4@6c: culls and brands,
3%iji4%c; salten Kip, sc: salted Calf. 6@7c # tt>:
salted Veal. s®6c; dry Hides. 9@loc; culls and
branus, 7@7%c; dry Kip and Veal. 8c; cull?, 6(4
7c # lb; dry Calf, lbc; culls, 10c: Goatskins. 20®
35c each; Kids, 6c: Deerskins, ko d summer,
20(a25c jrt lb: medium, 15® Oc; winter, 7<§>9c;
Sheepskins, shearings. 10g.15c each; short wool,
'JU@3sc each; medium, 40ia;S0c each : long wools,
50{g,60 each. Culls 01 all kinds about %c less.
I allow-No. 1. rendered, 2%@3c: No. 2,
2(g,2 Vic; refined. 4%@5e: Grease, l%c 9 Ib.
WOOL— New San Joaquin Fall, 2V>@4c * lb.
We quote Spring clip: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
!o'a.l lc: Nevada, 6@B>.^c: Srfn Joaquin and .South
ern Coast, six months. 3%<ssc: northern free de
fective. 4%@5%c * ib.
HOPS-Are nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta rain Bags, spot, $4 12%@4 20:
San Quentiu, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c.
Wellington. $8 * ton: New Wellington,
$8 9 ton: Southfield Wellington. $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle, *5(a.5 60; uryan., *6; coos Hay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch,. $7 50; Brymbo, $7 50;
Cunioerland, $13 50 9 ton In bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 $ ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Cannel, 97 50; hock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$11@12 In bulk and $13 9 ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refintng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 6s/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
43/ c; Extra C, 414 c; Golden C, 4y g half barrels,
Vac more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
San Francisco 1 , MEAT market.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. 4©
4%c; third do. 3%c V lb. •
VEAL— Larce, 4(g>oc; small, s@6c 9 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers,, 4%@5c; Ewes, 4®4%c
fi lb. ■ . -
LAMB— 6©6c *• lb. '■• . ,
PORK— Live logs, 2%@2%0 9 lb for large and
2%@2%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4*,*
(3sclitt>. - - . ,
; RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
TOR 24 HurilS.
Flour, qr sks.... 10.942 Cheese, ctls 24
Wheat, ctls 80,946 Eggs, doz 7.80
Oregon. 610 Hides, no 140
Barley, ctls 45,045 Pelts, bdls 162
Beans, sks 2.407 Wine, gals 14,850
Oats, ctls 2,282 Wool, bis , 66
Rye, ct15......... 260 Sugar, bbls ...... 1,540
Potatoes, sks... 4,079 Lumber. M feet- - 50
Onions, sks 295 Leather. rolls...., 27
Bran, sks 726 Hops, bis.-... 181
Middlings, sks... 20 Klaxseed. sks.... ;." 694
Hay, tons 778 Paper, reams — 1,900
Butter, ctls 28 Alfalfa Seed, sks 156
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market was soft again yesterday and the
best prices were below those of Saturday, though
the depreciation was slight.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent In
office to-day, and the Con. Imperial delinquent
sale takes place also.
The weekly reports from the Coms;ock are as
follows:
Con. Cal. & Va.—looo level— From west cross
cut 2, started at a point in the north drift 660 feet
north from the Con. Va. shaft station, or 85 feet
south from the north boundary line of the mine, at a
point 436 feet from Its mouth, we are cutting out
and have started a double compartment upraise,
which is in a porphyry, day and quartz forma
tion of low assay value.
1650 level-On the ninth , floor— the first floor
above th« sill floor— the east crosscut started from
the south drift at a point 500 feet In from Its
mouth, or aboui 50 feet north from our south
boundary line, was advanced ■12 fee . passing
through Porphyry showing clay separations: total
length 76 feet.
1750 level— From the twelfth to the twenty
fourth floors, above the sill floor of this level at the
north end of the slope In old ground of former
workings, we have extracted during the week 153
tons of ore, the average, assay value or which—
samp taken from the cars in the mine— was $43
per ton. From the sixteenth floor, from the up
raise which connects with the twenty-fourth floor
from the end of the west drift, we are stoning on
the seventeenth floor In oid ground aseavtng from
$20 to $30 per ton. On the eighth l floor we ore
drifting north in old ground assaying $6 per ton, to
reach a point under the thirteenth floor, from
where we have fllllnss assaying $30 per ton. The
total extraction of ore for the week amounted to
163 tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from the cars when raised 10 the
surface, was $41 per ton.
In the Ophlr mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 1, afiei reaching a length of 500 feet, has been
stopped l!, e face is jn d'Orite, or west country
'TTk a if l ClOS cut 2 has been started from the
sou h drift on :hls level at a point 230 feet south
of the shaft station, or 190 feet north of the south
boundary of the mine. In the old central tunnel
workings of the Ophir, from the end ot the north
drirt from the west crosscut from the Mexican
shaft, at a point 132 feet from its mouth, we have
worked upward 14 feet in old ground of former
Wl°rkVW I ° rk V, 1B « Sl asß *y in K Iro «> *2 to $4 per ton. From
the sill floor, from the upraise started on the north
side 01 the crosscut running west from the drift
!£?. v . orthw ale , T ,}K, from ' the Mexican shaft-50
feet above the sill floor of thls lev a point 194
feet In from 1 . 5 mouth of the crosscut the west
crosscut started from 'the south drift at a point 40
,\1 « 1 om Us mont a was advanced 12 feet
varf r^^gin^-fer quant of ** asaay
In^on^lo^^T^^^a^^ a W °d riT
c^m' if 46 K ePt ha 3 been stopped and an ea«
crossont h*s b ' en started 239 feet in, nd ad
yun.ed 12 fen in clay and p J rpriyry. In No. 1 up
raise the ore struck continues 10 improve as they
raise. On the 1100 level have stopped work In
the north drift, which Is. ln 174 feet, and started
an east crosscut theiefrom at a point 160 feet iv.
When this crosscut was in 4 tea a s reak of
quartz assaying 421 ; gold, coin value, was cut.
This is the same streak from which a carload of
oie was taken during the previous week. Tbe
crosscut Is now in 12 feet; face In porphyry. Will
n, raise and sink on the or* treak. Extracted
during the week 16 carloads of or.-, I assaying per
mine-car sample *35 in gold and 800 unces of sli
ver per ton. "■ 4WM)BW4sM9Hm^BtfsnßSiiß>Ki£
In the Chollar mine (Comstock workings) In the
north stope above crosscut 2 on the 450 level they
contlnn loop nto the south on : the ninth and
tenth floors, with no special, change to note. In
the south stope. on tbli level they are following a
streak of pa ore 3 feet In width of fair grade, but
somewhat bunchy. Have saved from both points
since last report 90 tons and -.'OO pounds 01 ore tho
average battery assay • of , which - was ' $20 05 per
ton.
In the Fotosl mine {Comstock worklncs) the
west crosscut from the north drift run from the
top of the raise above the 450 level is now out 150
feet. The face is in porphyry, clay and quartz of
no value. The raise from this north drift to con
nect with the tunnel level has been extended 18
feet for the week and Is up 28 feet. Tne top Is In
quartz assaying $5 to $10 per ton. Have resumed
work in the croppings, and after repairing the
west anft on the bO level are now driving it west
from the point wbere it was turned to the north.
It is out 6 feet in clay and porpliyiy.
Brunswick Lode— Con. Cal & Va., Best <fe
Belcher and Gould <fe Curry— S.aft
shaft was sunk _'O feet on the incllue, total depth
401 feet; bottom in nard porphyry. 150 level—
Ttie main soutn drift started from east crosscut 1
was extended 8 feet, total length 17S feet; face In
porphyry and stringers of quartz. At a point in
this drift 167 feet irom east crosscut 1 started on
east crosscut 2 and extended it 4 feet, passing
through porphyry and stringers of quartz. Uouid
6 Curry Tunnel— The main tunnel has bten ex
tended 10 feet, total lenutb 936 feet; face in por
phyry and stringers of quartz. Part of the work
done was In easing timbers. The east crosscut
started in this tunnel 50 leet from its mouth has
been extended 14 feet, passing through porphyry:
to al length 108 feet:
Ualk <fe N okcross— shaft 1, 400 level—Ad
vanced joint main south drift 36 feet and timbered
a portion of it. Face is now in 68 feet from the
station, in quartz and porphyry. Started the joint
main north drif : on this level on the 13th inst,,
and advanced same 40 feet. Facets in porphyry
and seams of quartz. The four companeis' Joint
upraise on the 200 level, started about 360 feet
south of the south line of the Hale <fc Norcross, in
Choi. ar ground, is up 32 feet. This upraise is to
be carried to the surface for an air and escape
way. Tula work is being done by the Chollar Com
pany.
Chollar— Shaft 1, 200 level— The joint raise
from the <;ud of the south drift has been advanced
7 feet and la up SS feet. The top is in porphyry,
somewhut softer than last reported. A portion of
.the week has beeu occupied in putting in a chute.
300 level— The south drift on this level has been
extended 25 feet during the wees and is now out
292 feet south of the north line. The face is in
hard porphyry with a seam of low-grade quartz
through it. 400 le vel— The joint Norcross-Ctiollar
south drift Irom tbs shaft station has been driven
32 feet for the past week and is out 64 feet. The
face is in porphyry skirting the footwall.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter for
the week ending September 19 says: 760 level—
'1 he winze started In the north drift is down 126
feet; advanced during tne week 16 feet: bottom
in quartz and porphyry, showing very little value.
From the 650 and 550 levels we have extracted
and milled during the week 162 tons of ore o* the
average assay value as per battery samples $9 75
per ton actual value.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
REOVLAR lIOR.VISO SESSION', COMMENCING 9:30.
100 Alta 07il0U ContL... 1.25,200 Occtdtl_..47
700 B A 8.....9* 60 1.20200 ....;'.: 49
460 92 3OOCrwnPt..49 50 Ophlr 95
200 8u11i0n.. .19 100 G «feC 521100 Bar 62
100 8u1wer...40 100 61 400 V JacKl —Sl
300 Ch0ir. ..2.20 20J Mxcn.....64 100 80
' AFTKH.NOOS BKSSION— 2 :30.
500 A1pha... ..15, 60 Conn ...1.20100 Potoal 87
100 .......... 16 50 C P0int... 451200 Suvait.^.. 67
200 Blcber. 48 100 GAC..-..48 300 S Nev....66
50 B &!>.... 89200... 44100 Uni0n.. ..35
350 - 90200 HAN... 1.40 500 Utah 08
700 8u11i0n.. 17 -00 Mcx 4> .UU YJftO*«i..27
200 Chliar.. .2.10 100 0ccidt1... .46 100 26
260 CCAV..1.75|160 Ophlr 91
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
BKGULAB SESSION— 10:39.
200 Alpha.. ..16750 Ch0ir.. .2.20300 Overman. l 4
300 Alia. 07 200 .......2.17% 400 P0t051. ...91
600 Ancles ..-SO 400 2.16 300 92
400 Blchr 52 600 C Point 49 300 90
300 50 100 Exchqr....Os *00 88
bOU BAB 96 300 G<tC 51HI0 Save .. .62
300 94 200.... 50 400 . 60
700 91 200 1.42V- 300 59
200 .- 87 400 Justice... SBAM..OB
lOOßodie 60 300 Kentck....O7 200 SNv 72
200 61 300 Mex... 64 400 70
400 Bullion... 19 .'OO .50 200 68
500 8u1wer... 431200 Mono 19 200. 67
100 Challge. 700 Ophlr 95 300 0ni0n.. ...38
200 40400 90.100 —...35
300CC«V....1% lOOOccd 48JOO V JC1U.....28
200 C0nn... .1.201 \
aftiJknooh session— 2:3o.
400 Alpha.-.. 1 5 250 Choir .2% 250 Ophlr 91
300 Andes 30 900 ....2.1oj40l) 0vrmn....14
300 ...........28 100 C P0int. ... 45 500 P0i0a1....87
200 ...... 29 300 .......46 300 Bay 08
200 8e1cner....60 200 Exchqr....o4 400 59
300 BAB. 89300 G A C....48 600 Scorp!on_o7
200 92500 ..........^49 300 SNt 66
100 80d1e......61 20J HAN 1.42% 350 Union C...34
400 8u11i0n.... 17 400 Kentucky < 100 .. -....36
100 8u1wer.. . 43900 Mxcn.... 47 100 X Jaeic«t..2B
200 Cha1ng....39 200 ...^ :00 26
100 41 .WO Mono 18 iOO .... '..'... 27
150 CC V.1. 72% 200 0ccd....;.4i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 21-4 P. *.
£I,LAtkt<L ■ Mid. Asked.
Alpha COO. ... 35 16 Jackson ..25 40
.A1ta...... 05 07 Jolla. ..........— 08
Andes. .27 28 Justice. 04 05
Belcher 60 61!Kentuck. . 07 '08
Best 4 Belcher 92 93 Lady Wash..,. 02 t'4
Benton Con — 1. Mexican.. .47 49
Bodie BO —Mono .....18 —
Bullion 17 18, Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer... ; 42 —Occidental..... 45 46
Caledonia...... ■" 30 - 11 Ophlr. 90 92
Chollar ........ 2.16 2.20 Overman...... 12 14
C0u.Ca14Va...1.75 I LBU P0t051....'...... ,87 88
Challenge Con. 40 •' 41 savage. 68 59
Con. Imperial. 02 .- . 03 Scorpion.....^ : — 1,8
Confidence.... 1.20 I.2si»eg. Beicnar... 06 08
Con New York •—. 05 Syndicate ::..-; ■08 . —
Crown Point... 46 v 46 silver HU1.... 01 '03
EastSlerraNav —>'>W sierra Nevada, 66 "67
Eureka Con ... 26 3•' — Union C0n..;.. 35 36
Exchequer.... 03 -'.*:oi Utah...;....... 07 : 08
Gould it curry. 60 61. Vt-Uow Jiicicet 26 28
Hale & N orcrs. 1.40 1.4.1
GOLD HIKING EXCHANOB.
Champion....- ; I ■ Providence
Bid.'.*.;.: ..;.......„ 17 00 Asked - 80 00
A5ked.........; 22 50 100 Savannah 47
100 Edna .33100 sebastopol....- SO
Grant..- Thorpe
A&Ked.. -'...... 25 Bid - 60
Keystone. •.. • Asked „ 75
8id. ............ .....65 00 100 80die.... ....... 60
.Kennedy... 50 „ 61
Asked 576 60 Chollar 226
250 Lockwood Con. 27 50 ..;.-.. .-.\;.. ....... 280
100 a* 100 Con Virginia... 175
600...- ,\ 2? 50 Halo & Norcrs. 160
100 ... V.;.V 3. 100 146
Asked Princess 75
■ tOTAL BKCURIT <M,
Asked Spring Valley Water 96 75
Asked San Francisco Ga5....; • 9100
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept. 21-2 F. M.
UNITED STATES BONUS.
; - JBlrt. Atked. . Bid. Atked.
V 8 4s c00p.. 105% — »it ier-. — 107%
Do new l»suell4% — ,|
MIM-KLUSKOr^royiw.
Cal.»tCWess.'lo9% — iPucßollMS* — -. — '•,■*
CalElecL6sll9 - Do 2d Is 6s. . — " _
CntraCWs* — 94 I'AOKyei. — 315
Dpnt-stex-co — 97% PACh Ry 6». — 107%
EdsnL*P6sll9 - Pwl-st RRBs. - 112 v»
FACHRR63. — 106 Reno,WLAIi - 106 /
Geary-stßss. — 107% Sacto PA U. — - 102%
LosAn<L6.i. — 100 KAN PR ss: — " 100
DoGnteedOs — 101 bPRKAriz6» 93% 97
Mkt-stCble6sllßy, — !bPRRCaI6s. — 110%
DoßyConSs.. 102 Va103% SPRRCaI ss. — 100
NatVln6slst 86 — iSPBrRCaIS*. — 99 .
NevCN|sß7s. 96 - SVWater6s.. 116%118
NPCRP.6*. - 106 SVWateris.. 975/« 97%
NBy Cal 6s. 89% - StktnGAEas — n 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunstTAT6s. — —
Oak Gas 65.. 100 — Suuer-stßs* 108 —
Do 2U la 65..10 l — VlsallaWCiM -• -•
Oninibua oa.llß " 119
Uatkb eTOTTCf.
Contra Costa 30 ■- — • iSan Jose. — _
MarlnCo.... 60 63 |Sprng Valley P6% —
oPliTOrics.
Capital. 17% 30 . Pacific Llzht 48 — •
Central- ...... '95 — San Francsco 92% 931,4.
Oat GL Ail 61% - Stockton..... —^ *0
PactiasUnp. 83% 85
. in^ubanck rtock*
Flreman > sFdls7y 3 — ' |Sun 25 60
. . i COMMERCIAL BANK «TO"KH.
awm BATG — — LondonP<feA.l24JA —
Anclo-Cal — 58 LondonA-Stf. — 271 A
Bank of Cat.. 225 235 Merch Ex... 18 _^
Cal S D«tTColo7i / i B lio Nevada.....-— —
tirstNaUonL — 180 SatherßCo. — —
/ . . . .- ' . BAVIMO* BANK RTOOK*.
OerSALCo. 1200 1260 SavALoan.. _ 100
HumbSAL.llOO — Security-.... 200 276
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 750 —
bi"a»v Union —480
STRKBT O *n«T'>"«C».
California... .lo6 "108 |OakßLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 80 Presidio 0 —
Market-su... 42 42 %!Sutter-st - —
. »■ - ;■ ' I O\Vl> tit STOCKS. "
Atlantic n... 15 — iGlantCon. 18%4 18
Eastern D... 70 — Judson 0.... — —
California.... 70 «— iVlgorlt.. .....— 90c
• - • Mt«CItI,IANEnUS STOCK*
Alaska Pk«. 96% 97 Nat Vln Co.. — _
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — SO
Cal cot Mills - - PacAnxFA I —
EdtsonLlghtllßV^ll9 PacßoraxUo. 98 100 v
Gascon — — Pac Roll Mill — —
tier Lead Co. SO 100 Part PaintCO 6% 7%
HawCASCa. : 13% 18% PacTr.usCo. '.'■ — . 24
xiutchSPCo 198/« 19" 1 /* Pac TAT Co. :70 —
Assn. 100 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
il Elec Light — 4% United C Co. — 25
*v ' SALES— MORNING SESSION.
' • Foarrt— -"■ *"..;... 1 - ■■■■
15 Pacific Lighting J.......... US 50
10 do do , 48 25
sirp-t —
$6000 Market-si Ry Con 6% Bond? 102 50
6 SF Gaslight 92 76
$1000 SV4X Bonds. .97 60
BALKS-AHIKSOOX 3 out ox.
'- Board— J 7^KBn(B9gnBIMMM
•60 Hutchlnson sp C 0.................... 19 50
20 Market-st Railway.-... 42 25
5000 S V 4% 80nd5....;.... 97 60
.... Strf<>t — ■ ■ • ■• ■•.■:".■:'■■'
5 Pacific Lighting. ..."........."......... 48 25
$16,000 8V 4% Bonds ....;....-........ 97 60 ;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. E. and Catherine Bltzer to M. Spoeri, undi
vided half of lot on X line of Greenwich street,
87:6 Wof Pierce, W 25 by N 100: SlO.
Jonathan and Josephine P. Curtis to Isaac
Upham. lot on S line of Clay street, 66:3 E of
Scott. E 25 by S 100: $10.
Nancy J. Holt to Aznes V. Holt, lot on SE cor
ner of Sacramento and Scott streets, E 81:3 by s
52; loton X line of Scott street. 76 8 of Sacra
mento. X 81:3 by B 24: lot on E line of Scott
street, 62 Sof Sacramento, X 81 :3 by S 24; lot on
sw corner of Sacramento and Flllmore streets, S
79:6 by W 106:3: loc on W line of Belcher street,
100 N of Fourteenth, N 60 by W 125; lot on SE
corner of Sacramento and Pierce streets, E 77:1
by S 120: lot on SW corner of J street and Fortv
fourcb avenue, s 600 by \V 240: 85.
Henry F. Baker to A. C. Freeman and George
E. Bates, undivided one-half of block bounded by
Page, Collier, West sixth and VVes. Seventh
streets (Peter Smith Map): services.
Crocker Kfiiate Compau. to Mabllian W. McMil
lan, lot on N line of 1-n-derlck street, 281:3 E of
stanyan, X 25 by N 100; $10.
James and Margaret Nixon to Henry G. Bnll
winkle, lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 50 W
of Treat avenue, W 25 by N llii; $10.
Mlchae: Hughes to Mary Hughes, lo: beginning
42:33, 4 Nof Twenty- him street and 35 Wof Fol
som, W 45, S » inches, E 9, NE 36 to begiuning;
also lot on W line of Folsom street. 42:33/4 N of
Twenty-third, N 22:814 by W 80: a.so lot on W
line of Fols.m street, 2tO N of Norwich, N 50, W
80, s 2 ), W 80, S 25, X 160; gifL
Louise. Harms to Alvln H. Harms, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-fourth and Capp streets, E 59 by
S 65; gift.
Walter G. Landers to James W. Goodwin, un
divided one-tenth interest in estate of Lvdia W.
Goodwin; also lot on W line of Taylor stree:, be
tween Jackson and Washington. ' 107:6 front by
127:6 (tot on W line of Taylor street, 98:9 N of .
Washington. N 107:6 by W 127:6); also lot on
SE corner of Sacramento and Larkin streets, S 25
by E 100; also property in outside counties; $10.
ALAMKDa COUNTY.
Wary B. Hook to Jennie B. Everett, undivided
one-half interest in lot on S line of Mrapson avenue,
338.40 W of Teleeraph avenue, W 37 :8 by S
106.33, Oakland: SlO.
J.P.Sarsfield to Mary Sarsfield, loton NW corner
of W Twelfth and Filbert street, N 141 :ti by
W 126, being portion of lots 4 and 5, block D,
Land Oakland Central Homestead Association ,
Oakland; (if i.
l-rank smith, A. H. Breed and F. C. Freeman
(by commission) to Brooklyn Investment and
Loan Association, lot on sK Hue of Twent- -eighth
aveuue, 50 SW of East Eleventh street. SW :i5 by
St 75. block N, Know lea and Potter subdivision,
Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $1213.
Builders' Contracts.
Board of Education with Holm A Sheibley,
planking yards of Lafayette Primary School, on
NW corner of Kearuy and Filbert streets, f79tt;
C J. Havens, architect.
E. J. Baldwin whh Kufßno & Blanchl, marble
and metal work In bUliard room, Baldwin Hotel,
51033; M. J. i.yon, architect.
Annie Mcßride with ihomas F. Mitchell, all
work fora two-story frame building, on E line of
LarKln street. 62:6 ttof Greenwich, S2000; archi
tect, contractor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco-
BTEAMKR
Corona
Australia...
P0m0na.....
Star buck....
A. Blanctird
Eureka.....
Truckee
Weeott
Arago
Columbia...
Orizaoa .
Farallon....
Santa Kosa.
Umatilla....
City Sydney
Coos 8ay.. . .
|DKSTINATION-. I
Ban D1ez0..... 1 Bept22.llA»i ; PierU
Honolulu-.... Sept ' 22. 10am 1 Pier 7
Humboldtßay Sept 22, xra Pier 9
Cent America. Sept'23.l2 kP il 8
Oregon ports.. Sepi23, spm Pier 13
Newport Sept 24. Dam PlsrLL
Coos Bay Sept 24, 2pm Pier 8
tel Kiver cept24. spi. Pier IS
Coos Bay. Sept'2&.loAii l-ler 13
Portland ...... SeptS26.l(U»i PlerJl
-Mexico Sept2s,loAM Pier 11
Yaqulua Bay. isept'2s, Bam pier
san Diego |Sep:2ailAM Pier II
vic&PgtSnd Sept- ti, 9am Pler9
Panama. Sept2B,l2 m PMS S
JNcwpori |Sept2K Pam Pier II
S-UI.S.
I PIKR.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
"TKAK KR
From
Ptrrc
Mackinaw Tacoma Sept -'2
£«"•**• Newport. Sept 22
«.?.!!*■ Victoria & Fuget Sound ..Sept 22
Columbia P0rt1and....... s e pt 21
Doric 'VC China and Japan ..SeDt22
Peter Jebsen... Nanaimo Sem 22
Truckeo Coos Bay ......'.'.'. ."seDt23
D**?" Eel River Sept 33
Farallon Yaquina Bay sept 23
Marlposa. Sydney Sent 24
Santa Rosa Han Dieeo _ . "sen 24
Araito Coos Bay . :]sept24
Del >ori« Harbor. Sept 25
Pomona Humbold; Bay. Sept 25
North Font Humbuldtßay Sent 26
Alcatraz Coos Bay Sept 26
Coos 8ay. ...... Newport Sept 26
City Puebla.... Victoria i Puget Sound ..Sept 27
State of Ca1.... j Portland 7 bept 27
Crescent City... i Crescent City '.Sept 28
Corona. San Diego. Sept 28
buno ' Grays Harbor Sept 29
San Bias Panama Sept 29
Aziec Honolulu. ..Sept 29
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
■o' CC ° ABT Aifl> GKODKTIC BURVKY TrDK-1
BDLI.ETIN PrBLMHED BY OFFICIAL V
ArTHOKITY OF THE SCPKRINTE S DKNT. )
Tuesday. September 22.
Bun rises 5.59 1 Moon rises OOOpif
Sun sets 6.06 Moon sets. . . '.*.'."
September— 1896.
Ijll^ Feetr^iFeetll^lFeeJ'"™ Feet
5 l W H W L W iTTw"
oV *".!<* 0.6 H. 15 575" t>.U6l 1.9M1.12} 6.4
21 5.15 1.0 11.40 6.5 6.44 1.6 11.55 5.2
22 5.41 1.5 12.02 5.4 6.14 1.3
H W L VV H \V L Wl
23 0.35 6.0 6.05 1.8 12.21 5.5 j 6.42 1.0
24 1.21 4.7 a3l V.2 12.40 6.5 7.21 08
25 2.10 4.5 6.5b 2.7 i 10 - 6.5 «■«• 0.7
2B| 307 4.1 7.24 3.6 1.27 5.6 8.48 0.7
. Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the 1
•arly .morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time i
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are addltious to the I
soundings on the United States Coast Survey I
h»f^ cx cP X Wb f£ a mlnas sl * n ( -> Precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractivs
from the depth given by the chart*.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Htdhooraphio Ofpick, U. 8. N., "»
Merchants' Ezchanok >
San Francisco. September 21. 1896. J
The time ball on TelegraDh Hill was aroppei
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noou of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 P. if.. Greenwich time.
J. T. McMixlajt,
Assistant, in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• . Arrived.
' MONDAY, September 21.
Stmr Alaska, Nielsen, 12 days from Kadiak;
ballast, to Alaska Imp Co.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
■ Stmr r Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 3% days from
Portland, via Coos Bay 45 hours; pass and mdse,
to Norch Pacific Steamship Co.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson. 15 hours from
Greenwood: lumber, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Conway, 5 days from San Dlezo.
and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4 days from
Departure Bay; 2350 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir A
Sons.
Br ship Dominion, Meoedltb, 161 days from
Liverpool mdse. to J D Sprecxels & Bros Co.
Bktrt Tropic Bird, Jackson, 38 days from Tahiti;
pass and mdse. to J Pine:.
1 Schr J N Ingalls, Thomas, 62 days from San
Bias; 470 cedar logs, to Wm Olsen.
Schr Moro, Jonjpnsen. 72 hours from Coaullle
River; 60 M ft lumber, 136 tons coal, to J S Kim
ball.
Schr Volant, Erratt, 6% hoars fm Pigeon Pom:.
with wreckage from the wrecked stmr ColomDia,
in tow of tug Alert.
Cleared. /..:;;,
MONDAY, September 21.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu ; PM S S Co.
stmr Arcata, Cousins, Portland; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
BrshtpHelensburg, Jefferson, Ipswich; Eppin
ger<& Co.
Br ship John Cooke, Magee, Queenstown; Eppln
ger & Co. ■- • ■■•:".■.? .-,•
Sailed.
MONDAY, September 21.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, Westport. .
Stmi Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Portland.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu. - ...
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Bonlta, Conway, Newport, etc.
Br ship Ventura, Fretwurst, Bristol.
Ital bark Orient, Cacace. Queenstown.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sent. 21 —10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SE; velocity 12 miles.
Charters. '
" The schr Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu; schr
Bangor, lumber on the Sound for Guaymas; schr
Letitia. lumber at Portland for Guaymas: brig
Courtney Ford, lumber at Tacoma for Tahiti.
T.<e Br ship Forrest Hall was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d.
■ ' Spoken. v '
Per schr Aloha— 13— Lat 37, 24 N lone
138 18 W. Haw ship Roderick Dhu, from Hilo lor
San Francisco. . '
' ■■ % Domestic Ports.
GrSTfo1 A H DD C UU 7 3alled Sept 19-Bktn J M
Griffith, for Honolulu.
Arrived Sept 19-Shlp Guardian, from Santa
Rosalia.
M EN Arrived Sept 20-Stmr Point
Arena, hence Sept 19, """.
COOS BAY- Arrived Sept 21-Stmr Ara o, hce
CASPAR-Salled Sept 20- stmr Caspar, for San
Pedro. . ... . - ■■■ . ■.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived sept 20-Bktn
Robert Sudden, from Honolulu; Ital bark Lazzaro
from Port Pir * bktn Eureka, hence Ajg *5 for
La > Z 'a™. & for t 2 v ( eT e^ 18 coartney Ford M d Ital »*
Sa T n A^ran a ofsc; Saaea 18 - 8h| P Samaria, for
fofsfn^edr^^- 55 * 11^ *» 21 -- Sch ' Meteor.
■_ VEVTURA-ArrivedSept 21— Stmr Geo Loomis
sk 4^l" r i- • *°n SaHtl(l fOr ban Francisco.
♦nr ««n 2- 1 allea hept 21 -Bark Gen Fair.-hIM.
Bedondo * nCISCa Pt 19 cnr Wm Benton. tor
PT7 r n£L- Sept 21 - m Eureka, from Everett.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 21— -urn- North Fork,
hence Sept 20: stmr Weeott. hence Sept 2a
•>aiie.l sept 21-schr Lottie Carson.
i. BLAKELEY - Arrlved Sept 21-Schr J F
Miller, hence Sept 3.
Eastern Ports.
from S Kob ORK ~ ArrlVe<iSept 21 ~ Bhl P C"*rmer.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Sept 19
—ship Solitaire, for San Francisco.
r'oreign Portg.
MELBOURNE-Arrlved prior Sept 18-Br ship
Duchalburn, from Cape Town, and sailel for Smi
Francisco.
LUNDY ISLAND— Passed Sept 19— Br ship Isle
of Arran, from Cardiff, for ■'-an-.a Rosalia
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Arrived Aug 28
— schr Una, from 1 ureka.
SaNTA ROSALlA— Arrived Sept B— Ger ship
Ariadne, from Hamburg.
More nts of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NF.W VOKK- Arrived S?Dt 21-S'.mr Furnes
sia. from Glasgow; stmr Fulda, from Genoa and
* GIBR \LTAR— Arrived out Sept 21— S:ur Wll-
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Ems, for New York.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived iept 21— Stmr SchIe
"cHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 20-Stmr Sa»le. for
New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Bept 21— stmrs Werkendam
and Veendam." from New York, for Rotterdam.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 20— Ship Bel
geniand, from Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Pennland, for Liverpool.
ImportarionH.
SAN DIEGO— Per Bonita— l2 pkgs building ont
fit.
Hueneme— 6s9 sks beans.
Santa Cr>z Island— 3 pkgs mdse.
Goieta— l bx shells. Ibx seed.
Lompoc Landing— 72 pkgs m ise, »cs seed. Ica
druss, 1 bdl green hides, 54 kegs nails, 8 bales sea
weed, a bxs apples, 2836 sks mustard, 3780 sks
barley.
Los Alamos— l 44 hogs.
Zaca— l4o hogs.
San' Luis Obispo— s96 sks barley.
Arroyo Grande— l6o sks beans, 476 sks barley.
EUREKA — Per Pomona— « 6 bxs butter, 3 bxs
pears, 1 cs cigars. 3cs tobacco, 1 cs berries, 1 pkg
castings, b'0,031 ft lumber, 10 pkgs express, 1 sk
con.
E R and E R R— 42 pkgs mdse, 34 kegs 1 hf-lceg
207 bxs butter. 1 wagon, 1 bx fruit, 1 pkg to
bjcco.
Fields Landing— lsoo M shingles.
Junction— 7s sks peas.
PORTLAND— Per Alice Blanchard— 9Bß3 ft lum
ber, 16 pkgs mdse. 280 cs canned cools, 5500 ft
oak lumber, 286 bdls bides, 459 sks wheat, b8 eds
wood.
Astoria— l4ss bdls shooks. 60 bdls salt hides. 1
bdl pelts, 1 bdl dry hides. 18 pkgs mdse, 159 CS
salmon.
Coos Bay— 3o eds matchwood.
Consignees.
Per Alice Biancbard— Sacramento Packing an«
Drying Co: X Dyer; Sussman. Wormser&Co: A
Volgt: S H Frank <S Co; B Lichtig: Oakland Lum
ber Co: Allen & Higeins; Thomas Loughran; Bay
City Match Co; Russ, Sanders & Co; V Cook; J
Hendy Machine Co; Wellman, Peck dzCo.
Per Pomona— Brigham. Hoppe <S Co; Carroll Jfc
Carroll; Dodge, Sweenrv & Co; Garcia & Mairginl ;
Enterprise Brewery: Esberg, Bachman & Co; J X
Hanity: Dunham. Carrigan <fe Co; standard Oil Co :
H Lew A Co: H ibsrni a Brewery ; Pabst Brewery;
Greenbaum, Well <£ Michels; Dairymen's Union; J
A -Sinclair; Wells, Fargo & Co; Labor Kxchanse:
Pacific Butchers' Supply Co; L D Stone & Co; J
McCue; Wleland BrewingCo: O BWmith&Co; W
E Dennlson: Dunham, Carrijian <t Co: S Roman:
Scott <fe Van Arsclale Lumber Co; McKa? & Co: U
S Brewery; C E Whitney & Co: Dairymen's Union:
Arctic Oil Works; FBHalght: Getz Bros & Co;
Go dyear Rubber Co; Hills Bros: O B Smith * Co:
Norton, Teller J: Co : Wolf 4 Son; L D Stone <fc Co:
H!gglns<fc Collins
Per Uonita— Porter Bros & Co; E J Bowen <t Co;
Tillmann & Bendel : Wle.'-nd Brewing Co; Call.or
nia Construction Co; Standard Oil Co ; National
Brewery: C Carpy & co: Buffalo Brewery; Roth,
Blum & Co; A P Hotaling & Co; JP Thomas: G.
W McNear: Western Meat Co; Sinshelmerßros;
Cobl'-ntz <fc Pike; Italian-Swiss Colony: Southern
Pacific Milling Co; A Pallies: Mack A Co- Poly,
Hetlborn & Co; Grangers' Business Assn: s Lew
<fe Co: H Dutard; Jomis Erlanger & Co; Bassett &
Banker
WMTED-Overdue Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (Tel. Red 411).
N. — No charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post tree. -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, I by
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, September 22. a-. 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. 8. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
15. at 2 p. if. •
LinetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. . ...
i. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JBW3
1! road way wharf, San Francisco, aaSBSSaE
! follows: ' '. . .
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll.
; lisnooand Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11. 36.
For Victoria' and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
J send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
I New W. atcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash,), 9 a. m.
:S*>pt. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, and every fifth day- there
after, connecting: at Vancouver with the C. P. R»
R., atTai'oma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with Q.
j N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
. For l'.ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) atr. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6, 10. 14,
18, 23, 16, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
I For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Qaviota, Santa
I Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
I Pedro. (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourtu
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
!'e)ts, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. st Sept. 2, ti, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter. ■
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz aDd Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street.
' GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
F AREIS l A Flrilt - 01 * 88 I Including '
x l\J\,Jll\9a Second-class/ berth & mealg
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia...... ...........Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 15
State of California. ..Sept. 20, 30, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baicgaze to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tion to
! F. F. CONNOR. Gene al Agent.
. GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. supe^in linden t«
COMPAGIIE GENERAL TRASSATLAISTIQDB
French Lin« to Havre, r . • v
/"IOMPANY'SPIER(NEW).42NORTH AM
V,' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■Af£f&
this line avoid both transit by English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel inuaui
boat. : New Yorjc to Alexandria, Egypt, via ifatit,
first-ciassslt3o; second -claw, Silts.
LA GA5C0UXE....1...*... Sept. 26. 3 A. it
LA BRETAGNE ........„;.. .Oct. 3, 7 a. it
LA CHAMPAGNE.-. Oct. 10, a it
LATOUKAINK..: ....,Oct. 17. 6A.it.
LA BOURGOGNE. C«. 24, 1 p.jt
jO~ For further particular* apply to 1
A. FORGET. Agent, : 3
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTTGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
■■BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool)
SAll.iM. IiVKKi WKKK. . -
f^ ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _*•»*■_
\J ins to steamer aud accommodations mtaSm
selected: second cabin, $ ; 0 muis-l . 0; Maj ■ a
nn<t Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England. Ire-
land, Scotland, ' Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and -cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. a VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 6 13 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
, General Agent lor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJMCRET C6IPJHI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >s*qu
fortnightly for the West Indies and -&S3B
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. •
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, $97 50, For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT A C0.,- A gents.
MW H»ltfornl» »t-
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 I*. M, Daily. l- reign received up
to ::{,» P. M. . . -i . ■• . m
jS3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
" "l he only line making through rates on Valla*
Road freight. '^^J^r^
STEAMKKS.
T. C. Walker, ,J. D. Peters,- V-.
Mary Garratt, } City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. aud lmsk U»
" ■' BU .FEAXCISCO'-.tp VALLEJO ' ''
AMD MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD.
STEADIER "MONTICKLLO."
MUslon-stree Pier 2. Telephone '-'til Black
Lcavrs San Francisco Daily ....... 10:30 a. it
.oaves Vallejo Da11y..... 4:00 P. it
. Sundays included,
Gives four hours at Navy Yard.
'."-■•■■ HATCH BROS.
FOR S AS JOSE, LOS GATOS & CRUZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT
patlOVu. (Sundays excepted); Aivlso dally at
7f. v. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between san Francisco and llvto
60c; to San Jose. 75a Clay st. JPieri. •>•) w
BanUClttasusauJoae. ' "** Z0 w *.Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
NOMINATED A
COMPLETE TICKET
Alameda County Republi
cans Hold Their Con
vention.
IN FAVOR OF SUFFRAGE.
W. E. Greene and Sam P. Hall
Nominated for Superior
Judges.
THE NEW COUNTY COMMITTEE.
A Lively Debate Takes Place Over
the Affirmation of Mauta en
of the Sixth Ward.
Oakland Office San Fbancibco CallJ
908 Broadway, Sept. 21. i
The Republicans of Alameda County
nominated their county and legislative
tickets to-day. .
Linderman Opera-house in Alameda was
surrounded for several blocks with well-
CHAIRMAN JOHN E. FARNUM and a Pictorial Representation of Some of the Incidents Attending the Republican County
Convention Held in Alameda Yesterday.
known politicians from all parts of the
county. One of the most noticeable fea
tures was the s'rength of the representa
tion from the interior of the county. The
•mall number of offices for which nomi
nations were to be made niieht be ex
pected to cause a falling off in interest
and attenaance- Such, however, was not
the case, and, although there were many
purely local fights on the floor of the con
vention, it was distinctively a genuine
Republican gathering, and the keenest of
interest prevailed from start to finish.
The delegates from the outside town
ships came to the convention determined
to have one of the Superior Judgeships.
They went back without it, as the city,
with Alameda, had made a splendid or
ganization on behalf of Judge Greene and
dam P. Hall, and it proved invincible.
Tain defeat, however, was manfully shoul
dered, and wb-n the motion was made to
make the nominations unanimous no one
cheered more lustily th»n Murray Town
ship, which had put up a strong fight for
its favorite, George W. Langan.
The most bitter struexle was over the
affirmation of Charles Mautalen as com
mitteeman from tne Sixth Ward. Several
votes were taken before the matter was
finally settled, as the convention was
about equally divided as to the indorse
ment of the chairman of the County Com
mittee.
Quite a point was scored by the Alameda
delegation by the insertion of the tidal
canal plank in the platform. This will
cause much discussion later on, and the
communications to the War Department
on the subject will be greaiiy augmented.
A very attractive delegation of ladies oc
cupied seats in the galleries and cheered
gayly when the suffrage plank was read.
The Alameda committee had provided a
band to till in the recesses and the young
ladies of the Methodist church across tb<»
Btreet provided a dainty lunch. They
never catered to a hungrier or more distin
guished t>arty, and that Alameda church
has certainly earned the record of being
able to give a meal for the benehtof the
heathtn that was of equal benefit to a pol
itic an.
Ear.y in the day Judge J. J. Allen an
nounced his withdrawal from the Judge
ship fight an-1 decided to make an attempt
to succeed himself as Justice of the Peace.
THE CONVENTION.
John E. Farnum Unanimously
Elected to Pre
side.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 21.— Chairman
Mautalen of the County Committee called
the convention to order, and Senntor Earl
nt once named Mr. Farnum for the presi
dent of the convention. W. H. Chickering
was also nominated, but withdrew, and
Mr. Farnum was elected. A. W. Bishop
was chosen for secretary and was given
Murray Laidlaw, H. B. Belden, George
Oakes and Ned Avers for assistants.
After the usual "preliminaries Chairman
Farnum presented the following as his
choice for committees:
On Credentials— First Ward, W. W. Morrison ;
Second Ward, W. G. Havtkett; Third Ward,
F.E.Whitney; Fourth Ward, H. K. Belden;
Fifth Ward, Tom Robinson; Sixth Ward, Frank
Barnett; Seventh Ward, Emil Knsbauiner,
chairman; Ainmeda, F. E. Brown; Oakland, J.
M. Oliver; Brooklyn, G. W. Harrold^den, Ed
Hathaway; Washington, C. S. Haley;
R. EUis.
On Platform and Resolutions— First Ward, J.
C. Dunne; Second Ward, I. M. Fisher, < hair
man; Third Ward, W. H. Chickering; Fourth
Ward, W. 1). Heitman; Fifth Ward, H. F. Gor
don; Sixih Ward, G B. M. Gray ; Seventh Ward,
C. C. Lombard; Alameda, J. R. Knowland;
Oakland, W. T.Veitch ; Brooklyn, Frank Storer;
Edt-n, E. Clawiter; Washington, S. C. Archi
ba.d; Murray, a. Feidier.
On Order of Bu*rtf ess— First Ward, George
Berdan ; Second Ward. Guy C. Earl, chairman;
Third Wnrd, R W. Snow; Fourth Ward, R. C.
Potts; Fifth Ward, J. M. Haven; Sixth Ward,
C. L. Ingier; Svventn Ward, James A. Jonnson;
Alameiia, E. A. Yon Schmidt; Oakland, H. D.
Irwm; Brooklyn, E. D. Marwedel; Edeu,
Socrates Huff; Washington, G. C. Chittenden;
Murray, H. 11.I 1 . Chadbourne.
A recess was taken, and when the con
vention was called to order the committees
reported.
The following delegates were found to
be legally entitled to seats:
First WaTd (fourteen delegates)— G. Ander
son, F. H. Scheiding, William Ludlow, W. W.
Mirrison. W. G. Richardson, George M. Drake. ;
A. A. Robertson, William J. ( rowdley, O. An- ;
derson, Val Walters, W. J. Humesey, J. C. |
Dunne, Gvor?e Bedan, H. W. Watkins.
Second W«rd (nineteen delegates) — J. E. j
Far urn, P. M. Fisher, J. P. Tavlor, W. V.
Wircher. A. P. Breed, Guy C. Earl, John Russ,
11. M. Ban born, N. G. Uawkett, Dr. H. B. Meh:i
-j man, W. W. Congdnn, Dr. T. W. Hall, L. G. !
1 Parker, Mortimer Smith, J. F. Summers, L '■
I Swift, J. A'.vts. J. J. Perry. E. A. Hern.
! Third Ward (eighteen delegates)— R. W. Snow, |
Chyles Kellogg. W. H. Chickerliig, W. v. '
Manuel, W. 8. Baxton, Henry Maloon, P. H.
Remillard, W. P. Arms, J. T. Palmer, B. Arlett,
G Samuels, H. D. E.iason, F. E. Whitney, J.
W. Wilson, A. Leacli, G. 8. Meadette, Morris
Flynn, Georee Fitzgerald.
Fourth Ward (seventeen delegates)— E. S.
Denison, W D. Heitman, Dr. C. M. Fisher, S.
F. Gensweil, T. E. Hanson, Gustav Folte, Wil
liam Me Kay, Fred A. Davis, 8. W. Getchell,
Robert WainwriKh*. R. C. Potts, C. A. Sessions,
W. F. Kroll, H. B. Belden, William Cruse, John
GrindHy, T. F. Mock.
Fifth Ward (fourteen delegates) — George C.
Edwards. James M. Huen, Harry F. Gnrdcn, C.
E. Palmer, A. M. Benham, Frank E. Brigham,
Thomas M. Robinson. J. F. W. Sohst, Frank M.
Parcells, J. U. Shanklin, J. T. Cochran, Jos«sph
Harris, Clarence Crowell, J. U. Stetson.
Sixth Ward (twelve deleeates)~C. T. Tugler,
H. L. Osgood, William Watkinson, J. Butler. F.
Barnett, G. B. M. Gray, A. A. Collins, N. N.
Denton, H. N. Audlfred, B. Brown, E. Lynch,
A. Bcrc >vich.
Seventh Ward (twenty-one delegates)— G. C.
Pard ■«, James A. Johnson, Mark W. Bilger, H.
W. D*mes, Westley Dickson, John B. ureen
leaf, Robert S. Lecltie, W. J. Wilcox, W. W.
Crane, Charles C. Lombard, Peter Mathewson,
E. P. Viindercook, L. N. Cobbledick, Hugh
Houan. D. C. Hinsaale, William McGrath. W.
D. Thomas, Loverin Anderson, W. H. Smith,
James Moir, J. W. Phillips.
Alameda (thirty-four delegates)— George W.
Scott. C. L. Metzeer, John G. Brick, J. S. Han
ley, E. A. yon Schmidt, H. A. Thompson, Sam
uel Frank, R. J. Tyson, John Larkin. Frank E.
Brow u ing, W. F. feperbeck, C. F. Fletter, George
H. Payne, George 8. Ames, Max Gundlach.
Henry Muller, E. L. Hutton, Charles W. Petry,
L. H. Transue, J. clement B«tes Jr., Joseph R.
Knowland, Frank A. Webb, J. H. de Nise, I. H.
Chandler, J. L. Ballentine, A. R. Denke, C. H.
Lindeman, A. G. Burns, Ward Batt.es, A. D.
Cushing, C. C. Volberg, J. H. Brun«, J. W.
Jackson, P. Kieruan.
Brooklyn Township (eleven delegates)— A.
Rhoda, Gus F. Reile, R. B. Brain, George Har?
rold, R. Turnbull, E. H. Marwedel. C. W.
Samp, E. Gat«s, J. Terrel, Mark Storer, Q. 8.
Bcott.
Berkeley Township (twenty-one delegates)—
W. Gregg, D. 8. Adams. Harry j. Squires, John
Finn. Frank M. Wilson. Joseph MeClain, J. M.
Oliver, Huward C. WrUht, T. F. Graber. H. -M.
Winterbury, Robert Ea»ton, J. K. Biewart,
Wniiney Plache, Ausen 8. Blake, Harry L.
Waste, J. H. Benfett, James Stapleton H. I).
Irwin, Thomas David, J. F. Tangue C. R.
Brown.
Eden Township (eighteen delegates)— A. B.
Cary, B. D Gray, B. C. Howes, J. W H as 8
Huff. J. Herrsrh-r, Ed O. Webb, Ed Hntha
w«y, H. Sandscbneider, R. C. Vase E C
Clawier, Carl C. Mohr, G. 8. L&ngan, A. <1.
Powell, Harry E Brenner, R. Reid, Peter Har
der, H. L. M«nn.
Murray Township (thirteen delegates)—
Charles O. Coughlln, David McDonald, A-thur
Fellder, C. C. Wilson, August Uageman,
Daniel Tough, Roy Watkins, William M. Fal
lon, H. P. Chadbourne, Joseph Nevis, C. H.
Bchween, T. J. Ager, Rooen El. ls.
Oakland Township (fifteen de.egates)— Hugh
Linderman, Alix McAdam, Peter Le Prt cc
Fritz Cook, Frank Valerga, E. J. Pullen, J. B.
Wooisey, W. T. Veilch, B. McDermott, James
T^HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
Davig, William Btorm, W. B. Truman. Louis de
Karne. R. G. Marf, R. H. Tomouth.
Washington Township (sixteen delegates)—
S. C. Archibald, Oscar Xauert, J. G. Vandepcer,
W. \V. Walton, Thomas Rose, 8. SandlioMt,
Fred Mevers, S. B. Vandervoot, Ed Weston,
Charles Steyer, Caleb S. Ilndiey, Robert Moses,
E. E. Southwick. G. C. Chittenden, Charles
Evans, John Haussler.
Tke committee on order of business in
corporated a paragraph in its report that
was unusual and was responsible for the
fight over Mautalen. It was as fellows:
The g?lectlon of a new Republican County
Committee, to consist of thirteen members,
one to b« chosen from each ward in the city of
Oakland and one from each township outside
of said ci'y in Alameda County. The dele
gation from each ward and township to nom
inate their committeeman *nd each nomina
tion to be approved and confirmed by this con
vention.
It wns formerly the custom for each
ward and township to elect their commit
teeman and not to have them appointed
by the convention.
THE PLATFORM.
It Opposes the Funding BUI and
Approves of Woman's
Suffrage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 2L— The plat
form adopted by the Republican party of
Alumeaa County at its County Convention
to-day is as foilows:
Whekkas, The history of the Republican
party demonstrates that it is fully equal to
every great emergency of government, there
fore
Resolved, That we reaffirm our faith in its
power and patriotism and indorse the Na
tiimal platform adopted ai St. Louis.
Resolved further. Thai on State and local
questions lie Republicans oi Alameda County
adopt trie following as expressing their will:
»>e pledge our candidates for the Senate and
Assembly to further the interests of the State
University at B-.rkelev by every means in
their power; also to secure the enactment of a
new primary election law and to extend the
safeguards itirown about general elections to
primary elections.
We turiher pledge them to assist in the en
actment of a pood-roads law.
We lurther require of them thst they supple
ment, as members of the Stale Legislature,
the endeavor - of our National Legislature to
secure the defeat of the railroad funding bill.
We desire our State legislators, while con
serving the proper rights of corporations and
of capital, to nevertheless secure to labor and
the people the fullest benefits guarantet-d them
by the principles of our American institutions,
and thus check the modern tendency to pro
mote solely the interests of the corporations
I and organized wealth.
Resolved. That we pledge our members of the
Legislature to use their best endeavors to se
cure sucti legislation as will give the right to
municipal corporations to own and operate
their own water, gas and electric lifht works.
Resolved, That this convention favors the
proposed sixth amendment to the State con
stitution as indorsed by the last Republican
State Convention conferring the right of suf
frage upon all citizens irrespective of «ex.
Resolved, That as the County Committee has
charge of the party affairs throughout the en
tire county the members thereof shall be
chosen by the respective delegations and rati
fied by the convention.
Resolved, That the Republican party of Ala
meda County indorses the course of the Hon.
George C. Perkins as United States Senator
and lnstruct.« its legislative candidates to sup
port his candidacy aud re-election by all hon
orable methods.
Resolved, That the legislative and Supervi
sorial candidates of the party in the various
parts of the county as well as the candidates
at large shall appear before their respective
; conventions and mat all candidates except for
■ judicial (.fflces shall indorse the resolutions
j and platform of this convention.
RiHolved, Toat this convention most heartily i
| indorses the candidacy and re-election of S. G. j
I Hilborn io Congress from this district, and ap
proves of hii course as a member of Coneress
and especially bis opposition to the funding
bill and to any hill postponing th* payment of
their debtx to the Government by the bond
and land aided Central Pacific Railroad.
Rttolve.d, That it is the sense of this conven
tion that the salaries of public officers be re
duced in proportion to the reductions in all
lines common to the changes of circumstances
of ordinary businesses; provided, however,
j that this does not appiy to those terms now
| in process of completion.
Resovcd, That we request and expect the
hold-over Senators from this County to vote
for the re-election ol Senator Permns.
Resolved, That it is the judgment of this con
vention tnat the Oakland harbor, as it is
known In our National legislation, should be
completed on the plan recommended by the
board of United State* army euglneers and ap
proved by the W»r Department id 1874, and
upo i which $1,784,000 has been already ex
pended b/ tne drodglng of the Channel irom
Webster-street bridge westward to de<.-p water
in ban Francisco Bay to a depth of twenty feet
at low water, by tne completion of the tidal
canal from the estuary of San Antonio to the
Bay cf San Leandro, on which $272,000 has
thus iar been expended, by the building of a
draw and floodgate at the mouth of Sao
Leandro Bay and by the dredging
of the channels between the Webster
street bridge easterly to the canal to a depth of
fifteen feet at low water, to meet the commer
cial demand* of East Oakland and Alameda;
and that If necessary we Bhall appeal to our
State Legislature, and through it to our N'h
timial Congress, to the end that this harbor
shall be completed on the lines as provided by
the accepted plan of 1874.
Resolved, That we. instruct the County Com
mittee as a whole, and the Individual mem
bers thereof. In providing for future primary
elections to designate in each ward and town
ship guch a number of polling-places as will
permit a full and fair expression of the will of i
Republican electors.
THE NOMINATIONS.
Judge Greene and Sam P. Hall
Selected for Superior
Judges.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 2L — When
nominations were declared to be in order,
A. R. Porter of Eden Township took the
floor and nominated W. Lair Hill of
Berkeley.
W. H. Chickering nominated Judge
Greene as "a man from Maine, who will
help Alameda County to follow Maine's
example."
P. M. Fisher presented the name of 8. P.
Hall, and Socrates Huff nominated Ste
phen G. Nye.
A. J. M. Young made a very patriotic
speech in favor of G. W. Langan of Liver
more, and G. H. Payne of Alameda named
Judge Hunt.
Tne brst ballot stood: Hall 138, Langan
47, Hunt 43, Greene 14, Nye 2.
Chairman Farnum announced Hall's
nomination.
The next ballot stood: Greene 162, Nye
1, Hunt 40, Langan 46.
Judge Greene was declared the nominee
and both choices were accepted with
unanimity by the convention.
The selection of County Committeemen
was then taken up. All the members were
ratified by the wbo.e convention as fol
lows:
First Ward, W. W. Morrison; Second Ward,
A. H. Breed; Third Ward, J. I Palmer; Fourth
Ward. R. \V. Church ; Fiitn Ward, T. M. Robin
son; 6ixth Ward, Charles Mauialen; S-vmth
Ward, J.;W. Evans; Alameda, F. J. Fletter;
Murray TDWuship, J. H. Neal; Ed> n Township,
B. C. Hames; Washington Township, S. C.
Archibald; Oakland Township, John Striker:
Brooklyn Township, J. H. W. Riley.
When the Sixth Ward presented the
name of Churl s Mautalen t ere was a
storm. Mautaien has been chairman of
the County Committee for the past two
yeaisand has been generally criticized.
Several votes failed to give him a majority
and there was a lively scene till Senator
Eur! took the floor.
He said that the Sixth Ward had named
their man and as several other members
of the old committee had been affirmed
who bad made the same mistakes Mau
talen had made be did not think it was
just to single out one man. Senator
Earl's speech turned the convention to
Mautalen, and he was confirmed. This
was the most fiercely contested point in
the convention.
BY DISTRICTS.
Supervisors, Assemblymen and
On> Senator Nominated.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 21. — After the
adjournment of the big convention the
various district conventions met.
For Supervisors the following nomina
tions were made:
First District, F. C. Jarvis of Newark;
Fourth District, Charles Roethe of the
Fifth Wara; Fifth District, John Mitchell
of the Second Ward.
For the Assembly the following nomi
nations were made:
Foriy-mxth District, J. W. Clark of
Niles; Forty-stventh District, J. A. Way
mire of Alameda: Forty-eighth District,
Frank M. Leavitt of the Sixth Ward;
Forty-ninth District, Oscar Breiling of the
First Ward; Fiftieth District, Han H.
North of the Filth Ward; Fifty-first Dis
trict, Howard E. Wright of Berkeley.
For ci y Justices of the Peace the follow
ing were nominated: J. J. Alien, J. W.
btetson.
A BUSY PIONEER'S
LIFE IS CLOSED
Death of Dr. E H. Pardee,
an Old Resident of
Oakland.
LANDED IN THE PANAMA
An Ardent Republican Both in
State and Municipal
Governments.
HAS HELD MANY OFFICES.
Made a Wor d-Renowned Target Shoot
at San Bruno Station Thirty
Tears Ago.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 21.— Dr E. H.
Pardee died at his home late to-night. The
immediate cause of death was exhaustion,
consequent upon an operation that was
imperative, though for several months he
has been an invalid and has been gradu
ally growing worse since the Ist of lam
May. Dr. G. C. Pardee was in attendance
upon his father all day with Dr. Rucker,
but at 10:30 he breathed his last.
The late Dr. Enoch Homer Pardee was
one of the very best-known pioneers of
the State. He was born in Rochester,
N. V. f on April 1, 1827, and was therefore
67 years o! age at the tine of his death.
His father was French and his mother
German. His parents moved to Michigan
when he was but 7 years of a^e. When 15
years old he was seized with a disease
of the eyes known as Egyptian
opbealmia, and after consulting the
chief medical skill of the principal
Eastern cities in vain, he was finally
cured by a Dr. Bigelow of Detroit,
wbo had himself been blind for ten years.
After recovering his Bight he entered upon
a course of study with Dr. Bigelow and
obtained the secret of his treatment.
Then he entered Ann Arbor College in
Michigan and took a reeular coarse of lec
ture? in medicine. He came to California
in 1849 in the steamer Panama and landed
in S*n Diego. He arrived in San Fran
cisco the 6th of January, 1850.
He went to Marysvllle and turned auc
tioneer, receiving as payment an "ounce"
a day. He went to the mines and worked
successfully, and on the 4th of July follow
ing had 97000 on hand, tne result of hard
work and perseverance. The breaking out
of the cholera that year him abun
dant employment at his profession, but
he caught the malignant infection and
came near dying.
Boon getting disgusted with life in the
mines he returned to San Francisco
about February, 1851, with a capital of
$12,000 to $15,000.
T t.e doctor after some donbt as to
whether he should return East or remain
in California opened an office in Brenbam
pluce, on the plaza. In San Francisco,
where he continued to practice medicine
and treat diseases of the eye until burned
out His next office was at 737 Clay street,
where he continued to treat pa
tients successfully for twenty years. 11l
health caused him after a time to confine
his practice alto/ether to diseases of the
eye and ear. Patients flocked to him
from all parts of the Pacific Coast, and he
would frequfntly have from 80 to 140
patients a day visit his office. Half of his
patient-, at times, would have to be
treated gratuitously. In 1865 Dr. Pardee
returned to the Middle States and gradu
ated at the Rush Medical College in Chi
rago. After two years he returned to San
Francisco.
His nrst visit to Oakland was in 1852,
where be hunted quail and rabbit*, and
was ediried with the spectacle of bull and
bear fights on Twelfth street. The doctor
came over to live in 1867, and has been a
stealfast and prominent Oaklander ever
since, holding various public poaitions
and offices of trust. In 1869 be was elected
to the City Council, and was re-eleoted in
1870, 1871, 1872, and in 1876 was placed in
the honorable position of Mayor of the
city.
The doctor was always an ardent Repub
lican in politics, having attended the very
first meeting of that party organized in
San Francisco. In Oakland he was, from
the first, a leading man in the councils of
his party, and was elected to the Legis
lature as jmnt Assemblyman with Mr.
Crane in 1872, serving with credit to him
self and satisfaction to his constituent*.
There was no more popular member in
the i ouse to which he belonged, his
genial manners and fund of anecdotes, as
well as his practical ability, having made
him a pener.il favorite.
Several important local measures were
passed through his exertions, and be re
ceived an ovation from his fellow-citizens
on bis return home at the conclusion of
his arduous legislative labors. He has
been a successful business man as well ai
professional man. Mining stocks had
charms for him as well as others, and he
was generally successful in his ventures.
Dr. Pardee was also distinguished as a
marksman, having made shooting a
hobby nearly all bis life. In 1866 be made
bis best score. He shot witb Warren
Land at San Bruno station for $1000. mak
| ing in 100 successive shots 131 inches,
distance from shot to center of bullseye —
the best target known to the world. The
demand upon him for fac-similes of that
target was so great that he had them
lithographed, and tbsy have been sent to
all parts of the world.
Dr. Pardee was married in 1865 to a
young lady of his own name in San Fran
cisco. In 185 si»is only-son and child, Dr.
George C. Pardi-e, ex-Mayor of Oakland,
was born. His wife died in 1870, and he
has been since a widower. There are few
more elegant homes in Oakland than that
of the late Dr. 11. Pardee, on the corner of
Eleventh and Castro streets.
For the past two years Dr. E. H. Pardee
has led a retired life and has not taken an
active part in politics, bit he practiced as
an oculist until a couple of years ago.
HOLLAND'S STORY.
Gives Hi* Explanation of the Arm
strong Kpinode at Stockton.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 2L— Detective
Holland, whom R. B. Armstrong claims
called him a crook, arrived home to-day
from Sacramento, where be went after his
trip to Stockton on Admission day. Id
regard to the matter, he says:
"There were seven officers watching for
pickpockets at the point where Armstrong
was arrested. We all saw him come along
in the crowd that was standing at the
head of the c annel. This was hull a mile
from the steamer where Armstrong claims
he had been with a friend. He looked
toward the woman and then felt about her
pocket. When' he raised his hand we
grabbed him."
"Madame Sans Gene."
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 21.— The Mac
donough Theater was packed to-night on
Auction Sale*
CHAS. LEVY & CO.; AUCTIONEERS. ;
Salesrooms- 11 35 Market Street.
. ' THIS DAY, \ :
Tue5day.............;. September 38, 1898.
;•-• At 10 o'clock a. v. at Salesroom. •
1135 MARKET. ST.. bet. 7tn and Bth,
.»»__.■ ' WK WILL SKLIi'"
ANEtrCAJfT LINK UK FURNITURE,
Carpets, Bedding. Stoves and K«n?es.
Also Stock and Fixtures of Restaurant. ./ -
■ CM, A3. LEVY &tu. Auctioneers.
AT 1057 MARKET $1, OFF; JOSES.
; For account of whom It may concern we will sell
THIS DAY. ■<■;.}
Tue5day. ...'.......... September 22, 1896..
. At 11 o'clock A. 11., THE JFURNITURK
Removed by the Sheriff from '.'27B Minna street.
Als an Immense amount of Very Fine Furni-
ture ana Carpets Lounge*, Curtains, Ranges, Bed-
: ding, Pictures and Ornaments. - • ,:
. INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1 ■'•"■-•'* ' 1057 Market at. opp. Jones.
I. NARCUSE, AUCTIONEER, OAKLAND.
BICYCLE AtTCTION SALE of BO wheels, '96
model, WEDNESDAY, September -23, 1896, at 2
o'clock p. it, at salesroom, 918 BRuadwav.
Oakland. Entirely new iB96's. "March liarei"
•'March ■ Daisy," ••Westminster," "Victor," etc.,
etc.- ■-"• Sale without ■ reserve. Terms cash. M.
ARCUWK. Auctioneer. :
the occasion of the openine of the
"Madame Sans Gene" engagement Ev
erything was presented with the same at
tention to detail and the same splendor
that marked the San Francisco perform
ances and the audience was very enthusi
astic The same piece will be presented
Tuesday and Wednesday nignts.
BENNETT SENTENCED.
The Ex-Secretary Matt Serve One
Year In San Quentln— A Minimum
Penalty.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 21.— C. R. Bpti
nett, the ex-secretary of the Society for
the Suppression of Vice, was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Ogden to serve one year
in ban Qnentin. The Judge, before 1 im
posing sentence, asked Bennett if he bad
anything to say. The ex-secretary made
a short speech, stating that he had been
convicted by perjury and prejudice.
The court said in reviewing the evidence
that prejudice bad helped to convict the
prisoner, and that he had felt its influence,
but had acied fairly, and now nothing was
left but to impose the penalty of the law.
Judge O>;den said in concluding, that
the crime merited only the minimum
penalty, and ordered that Bennett serve
one year in the Btate's«prison.
THE LADIES MAKE MONEY
Furnish an Excellent Dinner
Much to the Discomfort
of Others.
Freight Charges Hold a Cr of Fur
niture—A Good Building
Recoid.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 21.— The restau
rant proprietors are anything but pleased
at the result of the convention to-day, as
far as they are concerned. They sub
scribed liberally to the fund for the ar
rangements of the gathering and expected
to gather a rich harvest in feeding the
hundreds who came to the city. How
ever, in this they counted without their
host, for the ladies of the Park-street
Methodist Episcopal Church opened tbe
doors of that edifice, witb beautiful young
ladies to wait upon their tables, and as a
result captured the major portion of the
vast assemblage.
E. A. Randlett, who worked so hard for
tbe success of the gathering, said : '1 will
have all of the restaurants well advertised,
but nothing shall be said of the church
dinner, for they have not contributed a
cent toward our expenses."
Central Committeeman F. J. Fletter was
more forcible than polite in bis condemna
tion of the ladies' work. Some of those af
fected threatened to have the ladies ar
rested to-morrow, but they bare no fear
of any such proceedings.
The church will realize about $125 from
the ladies' efforts, which will go a good
ways toward many needed improvements
in contemplation.
A Carload of Furniture.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 21.— A carload
of furniture is at tbe depot of the Bout hern
Pacific Railroad awaiting some one to pay
$142 freight bill in excess of an agreed
price made last May. At that time A. J.
Munroe & Co. contracted with an Eastern
nouse for tne furniture for September de
livery with a contract which provided
that the freight should be no more at the
time of delivery than when the order was
•Jven. Whin the goods arrived recently
a claim for $142 in excess of that figure
was made by the agent of the railroad
company. Tbe firm refuses the consign*
ment.
To Recover His Property.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 21.— WillSam
Cron, an aged capitalist of this city, has
brought suit against his son, William Cron
Jr., to recover title to property located in
Oakland valued at $20,000. In 1894 tbe
father signed a quitcaim deed, as he
claims, tbinKing tnat it was a power of
attorney. After this the father was ousted
by the son.
Ask* for an Accounting:.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 21.— A suit has
been filed by I. P. Allen to compel Geor.e
0. Pratt to give an accounting of a part
nership under the name of tue Provident
Savings Life Assurance Society, they act
ing as the coast managers. In 1894 Allen
pulled out and now asserts that he cannot
collect the amount due him.
WILL RUN ALONE.
Thomas JPearoon Is 1 Early In the Field
for an Independent Assembly
■: • ••.•,-•■.' -_-; Fight. '\ : .\' : - ■'.-' ■
'■:. OAKLAND, Cal., .Sept. 21.— Thomas
Pearson, the well-known colored orator of
this city who made campaign speeches for
Estee, has filed ' his certificate of nomina
tion with the County Clerk and will be an
independent Republican candidate for the
Assembly from the Forty-eighth District
at the coming general election. It was
thought by some thai he would abanaon
the race after the primaries, but bis action
of to-day proves that thought not to have
been well founded and warrants the be
lief that be is in the contest to stay until
the voters of his district emphasize their
| choice at the ballot box.
Died of Lockjaw.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 21.— W. Bro
bury Ellis, the young man who met with
tbe gunning accident near Monterey
about ten days ago whereby his right aim
was badly injured, died last night at his
home, corner of Niuth avenue and East
Sixteenth street, East Oakland, of lock
jaw. Young Ellis was but 19 years of age,
and was in the employ of Wells, Fargo &
Co., at their San Francisco office.
Mm. ShofPner'a Death.
OAKLAND, Cau, S«pt. 21.— Mrs. Ann
Maria Shoffner, mother of Mrs. William
English, died iast night after an illness of
only one day. She was 87 years of age
and bad been in good health up to yester
day morning. She cam* to Ca.itornia in
1856 from Maryland, where sbe was born.
Tne luneral will be beld to-morrow at 10
a. m. from the English residence, 128 Tenth
street.
MAGMFICENT OPPORTUNITY
-A. T AUCTION! V;
Wednesday and Thursday. September
.-. 23 and 34, 1896. :• , >
At 11 o'clock a. m., at the Residence of
C. W. MOORE, M.D., .
1400 Tan MesgAve., Cor. Bush St.,
...... wi wrni 5e11......
The Very Elegant Furniture and Library
,">;'■"■■•■ .COHBIBTINO 0F.... '• .
Office Furniture, covered In leather; Bookcases,
Desk, Lounges, Parlor Carpets, Cabinets, Tables.
Turkish chairs, Grand Pictures, One Magnificent
Steinway A Sons' Piano, . Rare Ornnmenis, Hand-
some Upholstery Goods, Massive Bedroom Suits,
Doable; Door. Wardrobe with French Plate Mirrors,
Dining-room and Kitchen' Goods, Carpets,' Mat-
tresses, Bedding. Pillows. ,
One Tool Chest, with a most Complete Outfit of
Tools; 1 Work Bench; 1 Shooting Outfit, cost
100; Fishing Poles and Outfit, etc.
TUESDAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK A. fl.,
..■f.WK WrLJL SELL
One 1 of the Most Complete Medical Li-
braries in the Country, by Catalogue.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
*-» 1057 Market St., oppO3le Jon s.
mil W. BUTTERFIELD, AUCTIOSEKR.
GROCERIES I (.ROCERIKS!
I will sell TUESDAY." September 22, 1896, at
2859 MISSION STREET, at 11 o'clock a. v., a
Very S"lect Stock of Groceries and Fixtures.'. ;
OFFICERS OF ATHLETICS.
St Mary's College Elects J. W.
Solen for President of the
Association.
In Daily Practice for the Game Next
Saturday With Santa Rosa
High School.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept 21. {
The annual election of officers of St.
Mary's College Athletic Association was
held this evening in the college hall. In
this election the greatest interest is al
ways manifested by the student body, and
the enthusiasm displayed on this occasion
was no exception. Intense, but friendly,
rivalry existed among the different can
didates and their constituents. The chief
interest centered in the race lor president,
the candidates being J. W. Solen and J. J.
Greeley, both of '97.
Both were nominated by brilliant
speakers, but the eloquence of B. J. Flood,
•97, so thoroughly impressed the students
that they were convinced that J. W. Solen
was the right man for the place. He was
accordingly elected to the position. J. P.
Cone, '00, was elected vice-president; C. J.
Mogan, '98, secretary; T. H. Donovan, '98,
treasurer; and W. J. Rattigan, '00, field
marshal.
The college football team is daily prac
ticing for its coming uame with the Santa
Rosa High School team at Central Park,
Ban Francisco, on next Saturday, at 2 p. m.
NEW TO-DAY. ,
DOCTOR SWEANY
A physician whose reputation is estab-
lished by the indisputable evidence of ten
years of successful practice la San Fran-
cisco, whose skill Is* unquestioned, whose
ability is recognized, whose cured patient*
are -scattered throughout this city and
vast land as living monuments of his
noble work and successful practice. Med-
ical institutes, have risen and fallen;
specialists nave come and > gone ; others
will come and go the same as those before
them, leaving their patients poorer and
nncured, but Dr. Sweany, the. reliable,,
honorable and skilled specialist, will al-
ways be found at 737 Market street, San
Francisco, extending to the sick the best,
safest and most successful treatment which
the ripe experience of many years' prac-
tice can furnish..- .'■.
Diseases of young;, middle,
aged and old men which weaKen
t.e body and the brain,' causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing forms,
such as wasting away and atrophy of the
organs night emissions, drains which sap
the vitality, weak and failing manhood,
aching baoK and diseased kidneys, a tired
feeling, fear of danger or death, difficult
breathing, dizziness, of the head, palpita-
tion of the heart, despondency, poor mem-
ory, a wandering mind, inflamed glands,
vari,coceie, hydrocele, , inflammation ana
irritation .of the bladder, difficult urina-
tion, enlarged prostate gland, and all
diseases and weakness of the generative
organs fully and permanently restored to
na ii ml strength and vigor. Diseases
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured. V >
Write if away from the city. Valu-
able Book, "Guide to Health," sent fr&e
on ap plication. Address ,
fIR P I QWPAHV 737 Market St..
Ull. I. L. . OlfLHIl!, Ban Franclsoo. O»U
5000
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an .Experienced Eastern Florist.
11 VARIETIES
. > .■ As follows: .
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McOowan,^
Wlllam Scott, V Silver Spray,. lan.l**
Day Break, Lpi nk . Hlnsles White, J-wWte.
Tidal Wave, ]■««»«• White Win;.', J
Grace Wilder, J \ . Gold Fincn, Uold, Yellow
American Flag— Striped. .
. These plants are well-crown 'or Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to the)
trade at reasonable rates. - .
T.G.ARMSTRONO&SON
FLORISTS, HITO.,
Rosa Aye. Nurseries. .
■ - Addr ss: .■ . -x-^f-.
Milla College P. P.. Alame d» Co.. Cal.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62*5 KEABST r NT. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood, v Debility or
> disease wearing on body and mind and
skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
I others fall. Try him. Charges low.
rnrracnaranlrrd. Callorwrlte.
a>r v . ■', bIBBOJk. Box 1937. San Francisco.
1112
PAPERS BY PASTORS.
' -. "' "" ' . ■ •
Themes of Interest Discussed by Lead
• ing Preachers.
Rev. Theodore Burnham of Vallejo pave
an informal address to the Presbyterian
Ministerial Union, yesterday on the sub
ject of " the" Theological Seminary. He
urged closer communion between the
church at large ana the seminary arid
greater financial support on the part of
the laity.
"It is unfortunate," he said, "that your
seminary has not been able to be put on a
sympathetic footing with the people. 1
Rev. T. Burnham also said he highly ap
proved of not ordaining young men till
they had been a year out of the seminary.
That year, he thought, should be passed
in assisting a tried and experienced pastor
in his work. .; : „. .
At the Congregational Monday Club
Professor C. F. Nash spoke about "Friend
ship with Jesus Christ Through Service."
The professor has lately recovered from a
serious illness, and part of his remarks
dealt with the way in which friendship
with the divine master is quickened
through sickness and suffering. He laid
especial stress on friendship with Christ
in work and in private and spiritual life.
Rev. G. R. Stanley and Rev. D. W.
ChiJson, two of the new pastors appointed
to this City at the recent conference at
Pacific Grove were present at the Metho
dist preachers' meeting yesterday. , Dr.
Jewell and Dr. Phelps are not expected to
arrive here till Thursday.
Rev. G. H. Jones of Oakland read a
paper on "The Responsibilities of the
Present Conference Year." He dwelt par
ticularly on the need of strength and
courage. On the motion of Dr. J. S. Car
roll it was resolved that it was to the best
interests of the churches to adopt as soon
as possible the order of services adopted
by the recent general conference.
Announcement was made of the serious
illness of Dr. Colburn and of the indis
position of Bishop Foss and Dr. Cantine.
Rev. E. J. Wicks, recently of Courtland,
was reported to be dying at Ukiah.
Rev. Eli McClish, D.D., will make the
address at the opening of the educational
season of the Y. M. C. A. on October 1.
•—• —♦ —•
Supervisors Restrained. '
Judge Slack yesterday issued the writ of
prohibition prayed for by George G. Gauld
restraining the Supervisors from opening bids
for the People's Mutual Telephone franchise.
The writ is returnable before Judge Murphy.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H M Platt, San Jose H H Noel, Hanford
J G Cunningham <fc wf, H Davis A w, Ls Angeles
Loa Angeles J W Campbell. Chicago
L W Grant, Salinas L Ouden & wf, San Jose
J F t'i;Fon, California F B Russell, Oakland
G H Max we I, California W L. Harrison, San Jose
1. White & wf, Denver H G s-mith, Denver
E M Murray, San Jose M Goldsmith, Stockton
M Haden, Stockton Miss M Cottreil, Knreka
L L Maglnness, Ls Angs Miss A Wallace, Kureka
P Donnellson, Ireland Mrs E L Rollins, Eureka
L Lansey, San Ls üblspo F Bartlett, Livermore
G E Dixson, Tacoma A H Uart, New York
J Hall, Los Angeles J A Andrews. Ls Angela
C T Lewis, Alameda T H B Anderson, Sacto
3 Thomas. Alameda J H White, Salt Lake
W F Purnall. Sacto L L Lyon, Denver
S Southwortb, Sn Rafael Mrs L X Osgood. X Barba
A Dot- ding. San Jose Nrs WEB Charles, Snta
J Rnmmeisberg. \\ intrs Barbara
G W Garrett, Arkansas J C Tice, Wintera
R B Knapp, Portland W Reamie, Santa Cruz
J A Mclntire, Sacto G W « urran, st Louis
W Hawkins, Checo Dr B M Gill, Dunsmuir
C Francis, Salinas J D C Day, Chicago
F B Abbe, san Juan R F Heath, Modesto
0 W Morgan, Duncans Dr A X Osbirne, Chicego
Mills Mrs Osborne, Chicago
Cosmopolitan hotel.
C Nenman. Oakdale J R Neuman, Oakdale
1 J cSimson, Sonora o P Fltzpatrick, Chicago
J V Fitzpatrlck. Chicago J R Orlande. New York
A B Murphy, New York A Calahan, Cincinnati
H L*miß, .Fresno J X Far.ey, Fresno
i L Landey, Wheatvilie T F Bernadi. S L Obiapo
J S James, S L obispo E Barrett. Canada
J Simmonds, Nev M Connelly, Merced
D I.awlor &w, Merced J Lenskey, Mt-rced
MrsAnderson <tfy,L Ang J I- Coulter, Fresno
J Beck, Fresno B Glover, Fr j sno
Mrs H A (jlover. Fresno W Ii Somera. San Jose
L JLHt c, Monterey J L Kilpennv, Benicla
Mrs Bennett, Puso Robles G L Parker,*Va:lejo
M Blackburn, Vallejo M Blackburn, Vallejo
J J kewis, Redwood City W C Wlns:vn, Pac Grove
0 M Hortou, w & eh. lowa J Hinton &"w. Chicago
W N%ill, Mont S Nicholas, Bakerstleld
T McMamis, Bakersfield H Bel! <t fy, Los Ang
M Ryan, Fresno J Y. Ross, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
F B Stone, Chicago L Windmnller, N V
Miss Windtuuller, N V A C statnm. Pa
J Joseph, Cincinnati Miss G Rose. Sacto
T D Jordan <fe w, N V Miss M X Jordan, N V
A Newberry, N V W Araki, Japan
1 Okada, Japan H L Harriso 1, N V
H B Tenuy, Tucson E J I'ulb, N V
W B Brown, DC D Melone. Oak Knoll
J Iruin Jr, U S N P V Gil more, London
V D Black, Salinas J B Peakes, Stockton
F E Rigby, Chicago W B Charlton, England
G Chariton, England M F Taylor, Denver
J Irwln Jr, Hungary J T Dennis, Reno
L H Mcßoshey, Chicago C Jenkins, Los Ang
W N Benedict, Mich M N V
O C Morrow A w.Hillsbro Dave Oppie, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J O Connell, NY J B Bobson, N V
G W Wise, N V J Black. Buena Vista
X W Canady, Uridley W Mltcneil, St Louts
J Bowles, Folsom L D Foster <fe f, Biggs
J Cosaell, Biggs Mrs Wickland Ad.StPaul
G W Brittson, Stockton w W Uhrlck. Pa
A J Orndorf, Pa C W Johnson, Oakland
C Munaley, Loa Angelea H Wathan, Los Angeles
W J Brown, Boston H Sydney, Boston
J E Harris. Philadelphia C Grosgins, Phiia
G E Walters, Plttßbur; L A Lindo, Pittsburg
E CTawford, SaD Josn F C La Duke, RMS
R H Wade As. St Paul F Martin &w, Antloch
MrsWilllama,M ill Valley T J Hlggina, Los Ang
W M George, Los Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mra E Gultney.Los Ang Mrs Wilson, Los Ang
H Simmon, Cal E O Neelr, Chicago
J Johnson, Oakland Mrs j Hall, Oakland
J V Wesson, Vallejo MrsW J Lowel <fes, Hono-
F C Marshall&w, tal lulu
J V Williams, Parla G B Cornell, N V
H Foy, Stockton Mrs H Scott, Loa Ang
C Fay, San Diego G Bartlett, Fresno
B Smith, Selma O Johnson, Wiliows
C Jones, Sacto R Morgan, St Louis
Miss Morrison, Colnsa J B Carter, Colusa
T Martin, Portland
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^.
710 Market street, open untU 12 o'clock ever*
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-6SO Montgomery atrvet,
corner Clay; op«n until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth aad Mission streets, «pe>
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth atreet, opt;n until 9:30 o'clock-
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
KS» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, m
»-*' R. A M., will meet THIS (TUEH- A
DAY) EVENING, September 22. at 7:SOVV
o'clock. M. ; M., P. M. and M. E. M. de-/^A
grees. ■ By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
KS> PACIFIC lodge no. 136, f. m -
•fr^^ and a. - M.. 121 Eddy st, meets **
THIS EVENING 7:30 o'clock. 3 I). VV
GEORGE PENLINOTON, Sec. /VS
It^K* ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. •■"
&<& and . A. M. —F.: C. Degree THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. ifV
A. s. HUBBARD. secretary. . /VV
WPjg' GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, —
*~-^ F. and A. Called meeting THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING. September 2*. _fV
at 7:30 o'clock. ; • .' •:- ; WS
__ :: _ ; ______ GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
RrpjS 3 WALHALLA ENCAMPMENT^ _i
**& No. 7, 1. O. O. F.— The officers and*\^
funeral committee of this encampment ar* S\. '
hereby requested to meet -at Odd Fellows'/ X.
Hall on TUESDAY, September 22, at 1:30 p. if,
\°» l end the funeral of our late patriarch, T. H.
w EBER.
• - GEORGE DERING, Chief Patriarch. -
Max ScHDMAyy, Scribe.
|trS= CONCORDIA LODGE.. NO. .^.,u»,,..
t?-^ 12 «, 1. o. o. F.-The funeral S&&&&
committee is hereby notified to as- =%£&&s=
sembleat Odd. Fellows', TUESDAY "^%ll'cS 5 "
September 22, at 1:30 p. it., to attend the funeral
of oar late brother. THKODOR WEBEK .V.T.
H.F. SCHLICHTING Jr., N. G.
CHBIBT.ROKBKR.ReC Sec. . \
SPECIAJL , NOTICES"
PROFTTAT^_riLAT^~WRTTING^I_r-
+*& dium. 334 O'FarreU at.
K^= DR. H. .I. JONES, OCULIST AND
»>*>' aurist; just returned from European hospl-
tals. has resumed practice. 222 Posu Tel. Grant 1 01.
BSS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4-'
»«*'. collections made, city or country. . Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy at., room 6. eL 6580.
■Kg"; BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK."
•]^_Uw and Collection Office, 1023 Market st. '■■: '
Xg 5 GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDt- R-
-i***^ cheapest . place In the city. :H.'"HUfl
SCH M 1 DT. 623 Golden < ialp ayp. ' "* :
SITUATIONS WANTJiD-FEMALK. ;'
TniRST-CLASS FRENCH SECOND GIRL
X and : seamstress desires situation; best refer-
ences; or as nurse: city or country. MI(?S CUL-
LEN,- 323 Suiter at. %■ ; :.
ERMAN EMPLOYMENT; OFFICE, 306 MA" '
VJ son sU. furnishes best help of all nationalities. " I
CCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANT.- TO DO GEN^
VJ cral housework. - Call 710 Howard. ' - . J ,
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnu«d.
yOUNG SCOTCH GIRL (PROTESTANT),
X good cook, wishes situation to do housework;
best reference. Apply to MRS HIRD, 721 Ellis
T~THK SWEDISH AND GERMAN KM-
ployment Bureau a number of ' first-class girls
awaiting situations. 315 Suiter at. "■■"•;
QWEDISH WOMAN wants PLAIN wash-
O ing .to do at home or go out by the day. ■ Call
or address, 1021 1.2 Capp su
X\r A SITUATION BY A COMPETENT
ft nujfe to take care of children; also a good
girl tg^flo general housework In snail family ;- best
reference. Apply 2621 Bush su ■ '
L'RENCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS |
X lady's maid and seamstress; first-class refer-
ence. Call 1511V2 Powell st. . .
TROKo SWEDISH GIRL WANTS BITUA-
• ion to do general housework, r lease call at
71 Converse aye., bet. Eighth and Ninth sts.,
near Bryant. ■ -
p ERMAN WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
VJ housekeeper. Call 948 Harrison.
G" OOD WOMAN; WILLING TO DO WASHING
and irouing: more for the home than wages.
Address 544 Jessie st.
tSTAUUA.VT COOK WANTS SITUATION.
X\i Call or address 757% Howard. ■. ' ' :,
ESPECTAB'.E PERSON WANTS WORK BY
Xt the day washing or bousedeaning. Call or !
address 409 Fourth st.
I^EAT YOUNG OIKL. WOULD LIKK SITUA-
-.1 tlon to do light housework; one who is willing
and obliging;; sleep home, Mission. Call 846
Valencia. • .. ....
C WEDISH GIS»L WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O general housework; wages $20. Call 414 Tenth.
T>ESPKCTAB.L.E GIRL WISHES SITUATION
XV In family to do general housework and plain
cooking. Address or call 2417 Clay st. •-'■-.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES BITUA-
tIon as housekeeper or will take cook's place;
7 years' reference from the last place she worked.
Apply at 730 Nate ma st. . , -. '
REFINED WOMAN WITH REFERENCE
wants place as reception lady or would assist
dentist in exchange for dental work. Address
Refined, box 82. CalL . ' ■ . • J
V OUNG GIRL WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
X honaecleaning, washing, or any kind or work-
willing and obliging. Call 1007 Natoma su, off
Eleventh, between Howard and Mission. .
AN ENGLISH WIDOW WISHES POSITION
as housekeeper to widower; active, reliable;
good references. Address H. X., box 32. Call.
1 DANISH GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
/ coos; wages $25 to $30; can give best city
reference. Call or ad. 911 Hampshire au. nr. 21at.
pOMPETENT AND RELIABLE NEW ENG-
\J land woman wishes a place in a small family
at housework in the city; understands American
cooking and a good pain laundress; wages rea-
sonable; 1 good city references. Call at 26 Hyde
au, near Golden Gate aye. :.
EFINED WOMAN FROM THE SOUTH
' wishes position as housekeeper In . the city.
Call at 17 Grant aye., room 6, first floor.
EAMSTRfcSS. FIRST CLASS. WOULD LIKE
engagements by the day in families: reference
given: $1 25 a day. Address S. S-, box 95, Call.
(SITUATION WANTED TO DO CHAMBER-
-0 work; good references. Address G. R., box 65,
Call Office. . .
RESPECTABLE GERMAN LADY WISHES
J-t to do washing or cleaning by the day. 120 a
Wlldey st., oft t'Ulmore, bet. Bush and Pine
IS THERE A FAMILY IN THIS CITY IN
X want of . good , conscientious help, American
good plain cook: neat and obliging; no objection
10 widower's family or the country; wages $^0.
Address C. H., box 76, C#.li Office.
EASTERN LADY, WITH LITTLE GIRL,
would like situation as housekeeper; compe-
tent to do almost any kind of work; prefer lodg-
ing-house. . Address -Stranger, box 73, Call office.
■y OUNG WIDOW, fcRECKNTLY FROM
X Massachusetts, desires a position as house-
keeper; only first-class people need apply. Rooms
2 and 3. 1007 Market su *■*■■> "«
GERMAN WOMAN WlBHtiB SITUATION
VJ to do housework and plain cooking. 818 Va
Geary st., Saratoga curu flat 4. .4
GtRMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
do cooking or upstairs work. Call 978 Howard, j
V' OUNG GIRL, 16 YEARS OLD, WOULD LIKE j
X a situation to do light housework or take care !
of a baby. Address 56^ y 3 Natoma sU
OMAN WANTS: SEWING OF ANY KIND;
»» 1 cleans and repairs clothes. 114 Fourth St.,
room 15. .--
KSPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES TO GO
out by the day, or will take washing home;
also gem,' flannels; $1 and cartare. sosV_ >a-
touia st. •• • •-„'• . *" :■ V
V OU.NG GERMAN WISHES ITUATION TO
X do general housework; is good cook. Call or
address 416 Sixth au . _ :.,
IRL WANTS A P-ACE TO DO LIGHT
housework in the country;, wages $10 month.
Call 1234 West Mission st. , ■ .. -
RESSMAKKR; WOULD- LIKE WORK BY
the day; fit guaranteed; .reasonable; only
ladles need call. 44 >ixth su. room 46. 1
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO DO
X general housework and plain cooking. Apply
610 Linden aye. . ■ -. •'... . .-. ,
■JVfKAT YOUNG GIRL WISHES A POSITION
— 1 In small family to do housework; wages $15;
2i/t years' reference. "■' 317 Grove St., nr. Franklin.
RIGHT GIKL OF 17- YKARS. GRADUATE
of High Schoor, wishes 1 posit on in office or
store. Please address box 33, Call Branch Office,
339 Hayes at. ■; . . , '. .. ; '
pOMPETtNT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion as a good cook, or will 'do housework; is
willing and obliging. - 227- Minna si.
OUNG GIRL WISHES -TO - ASSIST IN
X light housework; Mission preferred. Call 326
Fair Oaks st. » -;. ..-•"..
VOCNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X do cooking and housework; cooking both Ger-
man and American styles. Call 668 Ninth su,
Cakland. -.. : .-,/.'. .
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A POSITION
VJ in a nice family; please, call Monday and
Tuesday afternoons. - Address 17 Minna st,, up-
stairs. . ■ --T
BY GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
children. Call Larkin su, near Geary.
OUNG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market su, room 19, second floor.
pOMPETENT AND. RELIABLE HOU V
.VJ keeper desires a situation. Apply to Mum
McNEILL, 217 Geary sU : lower floor:
EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL WANTS a"
position for housework: Mission preferred?
Please call 3370 Twenty-third su i««errea.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN DESIRES SITU~ '
ation in small family; wages $12 to $14- best •
of reference. .731 Harrison sU ,-. .. '
T^ORTH GERMAN, GOOD COOK, SEEKS
1 M i Uat h° n housekeeper In widower's family.
A. M. L.. box 19, Call Office. \- : _. '
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES WORK AT
x home; sewing. and mending. Address 116
mx tn st., room 2. . ' . — - -.' - '
WANTED -BY RESPECTABLE WOMAN" !
: . »» woric by day; laundress or housecleaninit. 4 1
Lily terrace, off Powell at., near PI ne. ,"" * ' *
SITUATION WANTED ' BY AN ELDKRLY
kJ American woman on a ranch: is a good cook '
and baiter. Address 136 Fifth au, near Howard. !
ERMAN WOMAN DESIRKB A PLACE TO |
VJ do li?ht housework and take care of children.
5 Mason su .'.'' '■" ' *-"<: '. ;
r ADY OK EDUCATION AND REFINEMENT" '
XJ speaks three ' languages, ' desires a place as'
housekeeper for widower or lodgiug-house. Room i
2, Ik .Mason st. •
PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A SITUT- !
Tio 1 ? 1 ? to do general housework.' Call or address
439 Minna su. between Fifth and Sixth. aqare3S
i. V A TRAINED NURSE, A POSITION TO
'' travel with invalid lad X- , Address A. D., box !
147, Call Office. t ' >■' .'■ '■•' .'- v • -
"DEFINED WIDOW WOULD LIKK POSI-
Xt tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's tamiiy. . Room 13, 1 Flftn si
"YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WOKK BY THE
X ,? ay ' J waihin ?- Ironing and general housework.
Call or address 732 Union at. -
VV NCHK * J XX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NRT
,V.« U? ; 20 ° rooms:' 25c. to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable-
tree bus ana baggage to and from the Jerry.
~™ ~^ — ■ — — — — — m ———__»__________— j^|^_^ !
SITUATIONS WAKTKD-MALE.
rSvcb.."- CHINESE ANITjApX
nese employment office, 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
AMKEE-CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
O Ployment office. 511i£ Bush su, nr. Grant aye.
PHIJSESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vlielp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESF. AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell; id. K. 4-Ja
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT 7
best help. 314b Butter st. ; tel. Grant 30.
OTEATJY YOUNG MAN OF 16 YEARS' EX-
wj perlenc* as bartender and grocery clerk wisnes '
46° P Cafl'o e ffice "5 erences ' eta '.' AM ™ L. T.; box I
STKADY~~MAN WISHES EMPLOYMENT
ir as all-round ' useful . man . about hotel or
r 4 d 6 D Ca h iro m : C e ref^ DCc8 ' «* Ad<lreM J. X..
POLO.-.ED BOY WANTS POSITION IN PRI-
,V». v te {» m ». v •» butler; speaks Spanish and Eng-
CaU : Office of refe re ° CeB- Address C. A., box 126
Call uince. '
FA!' ER GERMAN, SOBER AND RELIA-
XJ We. whhes to take charge of a ranch or private
place: can give < security and best of references.
Address A. B , box 108. Call Office. »»-*--».
FiTUATK.jj WANTED BY man AND wife
P to take full charge hotel kitchen; first-class
cook and bread maker: or will work on ranch: best
references 745 Howard su
AN, W ITH BEST OF. references,"
VT wants situation as coachman. Address R. R
box 37, this office. "; . '
U"?. T LER- SITUATION WANTED; ENG-
L., box^3^offlc" PerieDCed AddreB9 * *'
yoUNG MAN. WITH 2 YEARS' EXPERT
.X ence in machine-shop, wishes work as helper
or anything. Address X.. box 86, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— BY SOBER~AITEr INDUSTRIOUS
" man. position in private family thoroughly
understands, care of horses, also plain gardenlne
A. U. S., box 2, Call Office. Oakland. 8 " roenlDB ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
SITUATIONS "WAUTED-Contlnued.
A/I AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH:
i»l thoroughly/ experienced, and competent of
taking full charge of place:, home more of an ob-
ject than wages; no children. Address or apply
C. H.. 371 Minna st, San Francisco, Cal.
X-TEACHER ■ OF. MiUDLK AGE. WITH
small pension, would r like some light employ-
ment .at employer's ■ price: - city .or country. E.
PARKER, Oakland P.O. • . .J .^
/"I ERMAN BOY OF 17 WISHES AN" KIND
VT of work; can drive and care for horses. "Ad-
dress 488 Eighth st. • , : ... „ ;..,.•.• . j *
A'" OUNG GENTLEMAN ATTENDING -,COL-
. X lege seeks 'some employment for late afternoon
and evening hours; . best references; stationery,
drug and general , experience. Address X., box
108, Call Office. " -'f ;■- . - .
■yOUNG, STRONG, , ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, painter and paperhanger by
trade, desires situation as janitor or porter in
hotel or institution. Address A. 8., box 161, this
office. • v ii; ,
\-oung MAN . desires , SITUATION .to
X work nights; speaks English, French, and
Italian. Address S. 8., 801 Vallejo St., room 29.
BY COMPETENT ■ COOK IN RESTAURANT
XJ or hotel. Address P., box 143, this office.
SCANDINAVIAN YOUNG MAN AND WIFE
O wish situations on ranch or private place:
man bandy with tools, understands care of horses,
cows, good driver: wife is : good cook ■ and house-
keeper; willing and obliging; -first-class reference.
H. 8.. box 49. Call. • .j - -
\\T ANTED— BY RELIABLE YOUNG MAN,
" situation as coachman and gardener: gooa ref-
erences. Address C. a., box 134. Call Office. '
BUTLER— WANTED, POSITION BY FlRST-
class English butler; highest testimonials;
chance to secuie competent servanu Address
Butler, box 78, CalL '
SITUATION WANTED AS MANAGER OF
O fruit ranch or vineyard: is an exiert in all
branches of horticulture: well acquainted with
general farming; California and foreign experi-
ence: references. Address F. A. RODER, Wat-
sonvllle, Cal. - * ■ ,
OUNG BUTCHER WISHES SITUATION,
city or country. Address S. M.. box 43, Call.
■yOUNG MAN, SPEAKS GERMAN, SPANISH
X and English, desires good position: commer-
clal preferred. , Address Y. P., box 117, Call Office.
EDITOR AND . WRITER, AN 1896 KEN-
tucky Republican, now in Utah, wants position
on the coast; married; experienced:- with good
references. JOiCL SHOMAKER, P. O. box 1655,
Halt Lake City, Utah. . '
RADUAT-B AND EXPERIENCED PHAR-
vI maciat seeks position: relief work only: best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs,
box 108, Call Office. ;
\4' INCHKSTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NKAR
» • Market— Electric lights in every - room; 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per. night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggturetoand from the ferry.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room; 209
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
H.H.11.i: II 1.1.1- WANTED.
15R^T^ST^JT~LA^rD^ES^rrJ5Tp^OT^ST^
X ant nurse, $20. same house;. 20 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $26; 8 young girls
asUst. $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut er St.
p ERMAN OR FRENCH OR SCANDINAVIAN
VJ cook, $30. MI3S CULLE.V, 3*3 autter st.
MAN AND WIFE, COUNTRY, $30; EASY
place; see party here. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sntterst. -
L~ AUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter st. -
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER. $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 butter St.
A Y AITRE.SS, PRIVATE FAMILY, $25;
»» seamstress, $26; same house. Miss CUL-
LKN, 323Sutterst. . .
0 CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT SOME, $20
*J and room: waitress, country, $20 ana room;
lunch and dinner waitress: girl. Filbert St., $20;
girl, steiner st., $15: girl. Steinerst., $*0; German
Kirl, Geary at., $18; girl, 2 in family, Pine st.,
$15; girl, Twenty-third au, $12; girl, nice country
place, $ia fare advanced; 2 girts for Alameda,
$20 and $26; girl. Turk st, $15; girl, Geary St.,
$16: girl. Laguna St.. $12; girls for San Leandro.
Novato, Decoto, Berkeley and Alvarado; 11 girls,
$15; 7 girls, $20; 17 young girls. $8, HO and $12
month. MARTIN Market st.
"ivr anted— 3- waitresses, SAME coun-
'» try hotel, $20; chambermaid and wait on ta-
ble for dinner, $20; colored girl or middle-aged
woman to care for child: 3 first-class cooks who
understand German cooking, $25; girl for general
housework, country, $'J0; Swiss cook, $22; com-
petent German girl for General housework, 3 in
family, $26. >C. R. HAN&EN <fc CO., 10 Geary st,
/ OOK AND DOWNSTAIRS GIRL, $25 TO
V^ $30; upstairs girl and care of children, same
family. $20: see lady here at 11 o'clock. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED-GERMAN NURSE, $20; - PR..T-
estant laundress, $25: French second-girl, $20;
and a large number of girls to fill oar numerous
situations in city and country: $15, $20 and $25
J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Suiter at. '
ANTED-FIRST-CLASS COOK. *36: TWO
.» i' French girls for housework, $20 and »15; Ger-
man cook, $85: waitress and parlor maid, $20;
chambermaid and seamstress, $20; French nurse
grown children, $25. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st. . ■ . .
1 AUNDRESS, PLAIN HOTEL. CITY, $20;
1J ranch cooks, San Mateo, Yuba, Butte and Sac-
ramento counties, f .'0 each; 10 fctrls for house-
work, country. MURRAY A READY. Leading
Kmploy Agents. 634, 636 Clay st. ' ■■'
MEAT WOMAN TO COOK ON RANCH,
Xi short distance from city, $20, see party here;
woman for housework and cooking, small family,
country town, $20. fare paid. MURRAY A
READY, 634, 636 Clay st. -
youNG GIKL, 14 TO 16 years OF AGE,
X wanting good country home, to assist lady*
small wages.-. Apply to MURRAY A READY!
634 and 636 Clay st. .
T?irst-class • laundress. $30: housf-
-1 girl, two in family, $25; German upstairs girl,
$20; chambermaid, $15; nursegirl, $20. Apply to
MRS. NORTON , 315 autter at. ' .
OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK '
small family; references. 1514 Devisadero st..
before noon. ... ■.-....-.
GIRL FOR LIGHT WORK UNDER 16:
wages $6. W.. box 14, CalL 
ANTED— YOUNG WOMAN TO ASSIST IN
housework. 2311 Polk st.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $8. -1308
r Mason st. . '
\fEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
-LV work: $10. Tall bet. 10 and 4 at 14U9 Pacific.
AN I ED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AT
housework: 3in family; good home. Apply
2634 Howard st. ....
"OUNG GIRL • TO ASSIST; GOOD ■ HOME-
X small wages. Address Y. P., box 99, Call. '
YOUXU GIRL TO ASSIST 'IN GENERAL
X housework; $10. '2218 California st. • :
OUNG GIRL TO LEAR.x TAILOR TRADE.
1 Call after 9a. m., 616 Geary st. ■ - »". ■ ,
\y ANTED-YOUNG - GIRL ASSIST LIGHT
'» housework aud care children, %i. G box
46. Call Office. . - ' : • .. ' j
EXPERIENCED. APPRENTICE AT PANTS-
Xj making. 4 Harriet st., rear. ... _ . ■ . • ■
rjIOBAtCO-STRIPPER GIRL WANTED. 136
X Taylor st. - . '
8~~ RIGHT YOUNG LADY; TYPEWRITING
and general office work. Academy of Scie-
ences, B. E. ■ . -./- . ..*■ .^.
IDDLE-AOED PKOTESTANT WOMAN-
light housework, plain cooking. 764 Howard.
V OUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE WORKT
X 731 Green St., near Mason. r/-r t ' •
'OUNG GIRL . TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
x work: references.. 1218b Eddy au
A PPRENTICEB - WANTED ON CUSTOM-
JA. made pants, 623Vfe Post st. .:..>•*•
G1 EKMAN OR FRENCH GIRL TO TAKE
VJ .care of child. Call between 9 and 12, SE. cor.
Clay ana Buchanan sts. ~ . :.'-.'- :-■
WANTED— A GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
housework, $10 a week. 1312 Buchanan st.
W"ANTED-A GOOD* TAILORESS ON CUS-
tom coats: steady work. -614 Post at. V
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; PLAIN. COOK-
> ing; can sleep home. 809 a Hayes st. " ■
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work 736 Hayes st. ■.■--.. V 4 . •;
GIRL APPRENTICE WITH GOOD EXPERI-
-1 ence to work ■at tailoring; will pay wages.
1231 Market st. .-' "■ . - '
GIRL TO WAIT AT TABLE; CALL AFTER"
Ba. M. 126 Ninth St.; . .', -:.:.->.. .;,
WAITRESS WANTED. APPLY 605 STAN-
yan su ■",',•: : '-."-.. 'tV't •'. '. : '.' '^.-' ■ ■;: .. - '
GERMAN GIRL, 16 OR 16 YEARS OLD, FOR
light housework and care of 2 children. 4631/-.
Jessie su- ■ -■■•;'••;„ •.( ,■:■■_■ :■ T *
G"1 IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK: 2 IN FAM"-
-"J ily ; wages »8. ;■ 102 Hayes st.>: v r. : }
GIRL FROM 14 TO 18 YEARS' OLD TO AS-
T sist in light housework. 1912-Larkln st.'.' . :
■YOUNG OR. MIDDLE AOt-B: WOMAN FOR
X housework; good home. 508 Fulton su " : \ .-
GIRL FOR GENKRAL"HOUSEWORK: GOOD
cook: reference. Ito 4 p. m.. 1325 Webster. •.}
ANTED— GIRL, NoT. UNDER 16, FOR
■ housework.'. Apply 179 Noe st.. nr. Flueenth.
W- ANTED— GOOD CIGARETTE-MAKER AT
424 Montgomery sU ■■».;■ .'
WANTED— GIRL FOR LIGHT 'HOUSE-
work. ■ Apply beL 0 and 12, 1206 Eddy st. v
i OUXG GIRL FOR HOUSE WOKK;- SMALL
X American : family; wages 20. ; Call early 721
Ellis St.' .'.'■..■.'■ r '. i 1..".- .'
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL TO ASSIST
VJ with light housework. 823 Geary st. ..■-■-.
YOUNG GIRL FOR r. GENERAL . HOUSE-
work. 3350 Eighteenth st. . . ;\
"VTEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
■LV reference; $8.:, 1316y 8 Webster su -
ENERGETIC WOMAN - WITH SMALL CAPI-
tal can make money. Call 131 Post, room 21.
\»; TED-FIRST-CLASS , FINISHER ON
pants; steady. 461^_ MinnjftSt.
AMERICAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK, TO TAKE
£V; half Interest in dining-room; no capital, sbio
House, 32 Fourth st..' room 2. .
BE A UTY CULTURE, MANICURING, HAlR-
dressing less"ns; .'day ana evening. •■ MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Posu -
■_ _ _ ._ . HELP WANTED— Contlnaed.
LYNN'S 'dreSS^CUTTIHG SCHOOL: TUeS
days free: 2 to 3. ', 14 McAllister, room 67. ; '■
vi ASSAGE TAUGHT r and formulas OF
J'X a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given; reasonable. D. S., box 107, this office. '■ :?
\ki ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
lj.fi school In city: teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now forming for fall work; large .work-
room; references given. 410 Leaven worth st.
TV EW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
±1 McDOWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket st. .. ,''•■ « ■ . 3 - t .. <:.'■■'-..•;', -,-j
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given MISo DOYLE. 212 Powell BU. 106 9th.
AIRDRESSING, 250 AND 35c: MORN INU
andeveclasaes: lOleanons.Sl 60. 1248 Mission.
VfOST CONVENIENT' AND RKSPECTABLK:
•-TX .Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
LOO rooms: I 26c to $1 60 per night; Xsl 60 to $3
prwwt; tree 'bus and hasrtrasc* toand from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED. ,
MAN AND w7R_7sVo"; W G^oiDi?L^CE~~ItfISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. '-,
W A SUEB, $10. MISS CULLEN 323
XJ Gutter st.
fJQF; MEN WANTED TO-DAY AT MURRAY
a-** * READY'S. Leading Employment A gents,
6^4 and 636 Clay st.
Vy INEMAKEK, $1 A DAY AND BOARD, FOR
" a -vineyard; 20 farmers, orchard and vine-
yard hands, *20; butter-maker and milker; man
to run jlbsaw; boy to. feed printing press: chore-
man. $15, for a vineyard. - MURRAY , A READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 836 Clay.
T*SO OBAPEPICKERS, $20 AND FOUND,
XU\J for different places. MURRAY A READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay.
1 BEANPULLERS; NO EXPERIENCE
X.VKJ required; fare $1; waces $20 and found.
Call early .ior.' this job. MURRAY A READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 638 Clay.
I Ft 000 TIES To CUT, REDWOOD TIM-
. •'. ,V ber 8 cents each; gardener, private
i* m 4i?.' ' 15 nammersmen and drillers near city.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
fi^ AI TERS, $J5; 3 COOKS, $30, $40 AND
v^ »ou; 3 dishwashers; pantryman: barber,
SP-S^JX,' 8hop: second baker. MURRAY 4
«a ADYI J>adln * Employment Agents, 634 and
034 Clay st. .
pASTRY COOK AND ASSIST ON RANGE,
J. country hotel, $40; broiler, hotel, $50: second
cook who can bake, country hotel, $40 ; neat young
German waiter, country hotel, $*0; waiter for
springs, $20. C. R. HANSEN «fc CO., 110 Geary st.
T>ELIABLE YOUNG NIGHT PORTKR WHO
w v a <? - tend bar lor an institution; $40. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., lip Geary st.
.II ANTED— 2O MORE GRAPE-PICKERS, $20
" and boara; butter-maker for first-class place.
f.n) and found ; man to milk and make butter on
small ranch near city, $20 and found; man to run
jig saw. city; boy to feed press in city; 3 farmers
near city; 2 waiters for first-class hotel, $26 and
found, steady place; also milkers, cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay.
W A o NT « ED DAIRYMAN ' *30; 4 MINERS,
" $.50 a day; jig-sawyer; boy to run printing
press: 16 farmers, $20; woodchopper, $1 75 cord ;
wagon-maker, steady job; choreboy, $3 and board
and schooling;, broiler, $50: second cook $45-
-waiters and others. Apnly to J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
It" ANTED— UPHOLSTERER. $8 WEEK AND
" room; grape-pickers, $1 day: young butler,
$20 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
11/: A. MED— COOK FOR OYSTER-HOUSE, $2
i»i a day; 2 Germans or Swedes to pick grapes,
$1 a day and found; dishwasher. $4 a week: chore-
man on a ranch, see party in town, $16 to $20,
etc LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton U. ■
MAN TO RUN JIG ' SAW; FINISHER FOR
l»X paper-mill; 6 grape-pickers, $1 25 a ton: 2
plow-bands. $16: cook lor few boarders, $18;
kitchen hand, dishwasher and others. R. T.
>V ARD A CO, 608 and 610 Clay st. ' .
pOOK, $30 AND ROOM: GERMAN COOK, $30
\J and room: barber for a country shop: • 2 dish-
washers, $10 and room; sho -maker, country shop:
Japanese bo/ for housework; boy to learn sign
painting. -MARTIN'S, 749 Market sU •. ,■ . ■ -
THIRST-CLASS TRAVELING SALESMAN IN
J gents furnishing goods line; one who has trav-
eled on this coast preferred; also two good travel-
ing salesmen for cutlery, notions, holiday goods,
etc; also a bright boy between 14 and 16, for
retail store. Apply- to U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 165, Crocker building. -
pOOD BOOTBLACK FOR BARBER-SHOP.'
VX California bu. near Devisadero.
OY WANTED. 19. OR JO YEARS, IN COAL-
yard. 327 Mission st. ■■ A^
I'IRST-CLASS CABINET-MAKER. 1602 CAL-
lfornia st
WO SHOEMAKERS WANTED. OAKLAND
O Shoe Repairing Company, 1239 Broadway.
O.iklai'd. • ■ . V»-.
piTY salesman FOR something new
\J Apply beu 10 B.W. PRINDLE.4OI Market.
IF YOU HAVE A PATENT OR INVENTION
X of any kind for sale or need capital call at Hall
of Inventions, Academy- of Sciences ' building,
room X, third floor. ?',
Anted— man AND wife for private
'» place; country town; $46. L. ANDRE, 315
Stockton st. : : • ; .
OOD . RESTAURANT COOK 'WANTED;
T call early. 135 Fifth. : . L . ■ «
KAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA AND OTHER
ports. 10 =teoart St., upstairs. -
WANTED- BOY TO FEED GORDON PRESS.
V> 520 Market st. -.--',. '.
I>HOTOGRAPHIC PRINTER WANTED. Q.
A. TURNER, 26 Montgomery st. ,
WANTED— A GOOD CIGAR-MAKER. ; 424
Montgomery st. • ■■■■'- . ,■ •* 1 ■
'UOOTBLACK WANTED. 11 ELLIS STREET.
TV" ANTED - SEAMAN AT THOMPSON'S
»» Calircrnla House, 103 Clark St..
ANTKD-DKUG CLERK FOH COUNTRY;
»» graduate or registered young man preferred;
single; wages $25 and board. Call Ito2 p. _. 1624
Polk st.
GROCERY CLERK. $50 PER MONTH: MUST
VJ be experienced. MISS CULLEN. B^3 Sutler.
YOUNG MaN TO LEARN BaRBEK TRADE
x Address G., box 84, Call Office. ..
I\ISHWASHKR WANTED AT 9 STOCKTON.
\\r ANTED - STRONG > BOY TO LEARN
'' pressing. 641 Market
I JOY. WANTED AT 8:30 A. M. 767 MARKET
XJ street. «
PLUMBER'S HELPER WANTED.. 1528 POLK
at.: call early.
fTIAILORTODOBUSHELING; MUST KNOW
X how to buy and sell. 41 Third at
QOj^BjS^LER AND TAILOR WANTED]
OARBER CHAIRS— WILL PAY CASH FOR
XJ two or three chairs; must be cheap. Address
B. H., box 58, all Office. . "
OTEADY SINGLE MAN FOR RESPONSIBLE
kj position; ' one who ■ has done hard work pre-
ferred; *^0 per month first year; small bond or
cash Becnrity required. Work, box 88, Call Office.
OAILORB WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
'kj st.. Mariner's Home. , . . ..
WANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
' » Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, : un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years-
Dot less th»n 5 feet 6 cloches In height; of good
character • and temperate habits; able to read
write and sneak English property; only citirens of
Ihe united Stales or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this' Important branch of the naval
service Offers special luducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrnlilng Office, 20 Ellis si. San Francisco, CaL
TTONEST MAN IN BUSINESS PAYING $75
room*?™ 0 1111 ' * 15 ° reqnlre<l - 777 Market st."
$7O HTKAD Y, RELIABLE MAN AS PART-
iuL r^ ncr l 5 show -card and sign business: de-
liver orders and collect: splendid chance to learn
good trade. BTENBERQ CO., 632 Market st. ? ■
XK A p ? l! 'i Ra r V K EMPLOYMENT CALL^KC.
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FCCHs. 326 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
0 gecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh sty"
IJAKBERS' PiiOTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-"
-Li ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 667 Clay.
ET A S _HAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
\J shop. 769 Howard st. ■ •*■ .- ,: •
J3i«mM- I h?S°fr BAKOAIK ! 2 CHAIRS; 16c
i* 1310 Castro su, opp. carhonse. •-■ ■ ;.
jMRBKIiS-i-CHAIB SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
»> rent, Including gas, $10. . 1932 Market St.*
NatLiMfik D «i H , OU!SE ' 7t>6 MlaftioN BKl>.
60c?week « ,7 n S, fnr °, lshed '«>■«, night 16c to
tion'to mofni * * o : readln istrlctest atten-
tiun to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
STEAKS, CHOPS, ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 5
cents. • 635 Clay «v. Big YellowFrqnu
W A O mB KD ~ A _*' " IDEA: HOCANTHINKOF
idiJ^thrv pl h \ bias to ■ Dat « nl - Protect your
wTdi FßrVh '^ rl ) on wealth. Write JOHN
ne^T vv"^?i N & rP°- Dc P l - L ' Patent Attor-
offe^anrt^?.t 55^.Sl''. D< C ' ' lor tbelr, $1800 prize
oner and list of 200 Inventions wanted. }
VV fr-d^lTr J S EN TO ' -ARN ,; BARBER
«ital«S_e : iN.n_ y s T?*? 1 *">"*«*• tods given and
t^aiocnejenu^S^F. Barber School. 1616 Howard.
Wti^ 1 Ji? D ~A° Mfc -» FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
T »^ ween, 25c nighu 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
M don^ " -»OLING. 60c.: LADIES, 40a;
■Hgggja! 7 sr M afe s.^Rhffisfarg
L A o^ G h^rt ST ,° OF D-HAND SHOES
shoe^sa 7yAii h^ B J. order, *3 50; hand-seweo
snoes, 1 72bVi t Howard au, bet. Third and Fourth
W _Urtef^^ OUB JJ "XHIKD ST..NEAH
room f^. hn s°??* a 5 CTnta a nl Bht: reading-
room, free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T£wS A MI ; 555 * , 957 : MARKET ST., BE-
x low Sixth, for room; : 25c a ■ night: $1 a week.
1 /w^.V.J' , H , UIJ E ' SIXTH ■> AND HOWARD
-« * sts.. single inrnlshed ran ; 76c week, 16c night.
E '■' cli l . XK K JuO PROM 609 CLAY TO 643
■*-. cay, bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc.
100 «H^nJ° JAKE LODUINU AT 100. 15c
, Kiw.^ 2 ? C * nl * ht ' deluding •; coflw • awlroUa. .
■'« Washington st., near Kearny. "- •-
HELP ; WANTED-Contlnned. .
•Wanted— laborers and :• mechanics
" to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still mns Denver * House, 217 Third su; 160
largt. rooms: 25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per ween.:
BEST IN CITY— SING • B ROOMS, 15. 30 AND
x> 5 C £ nts per night. ■ ♦*•' $1 26. $1 60 . per ween. ;
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts. '
ANTKD-^bTnglK BOOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
» » ■ »-*ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. ..: SB Clay st. ■ . ' j
KNTOi'KED -MANHATTAN STOCK. JbOOD;
-11 grocers keep iv . , -
Vy ANTED. COLLECT WAGES DUB LABOR
" en«<-clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 nutter
WE ARE SHOE DOCTOR^; WE REPAIR
" shoes up to 12 o'clock every night ; those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night, while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c: men's
soling, 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth • their value, from 25c up to
92 50. 662 Mission st. bet. First st: and Second st.
AGENTS WANTED. . ' . -.
EXPERIENCED AGENTS WANTED TO
XJ sell the Champion Burglar Alarm; great In-
dncements.. 21^ Third st., room 5. call 9 till 6.
IN EVERY COUNTY WEST OF MISSISSIPPI
A River, > men and women ■to take ( agency for
Lightning Scissors Sharpener: enormous profits;
send at once: 25c for rumple. For terms address
E. C. STOWE. box 841, San Jose, Cal.
GENTS FOR SEED'S WATER-FILTERS;
-ex they fit any faucet, are durable, cheap and sell
on Bight; $150 will /start you. 719 Market, near
1 hird. . : • . 7* '
A CTIVE, ENERGETIC MEN AND WOMEN
to earn from $3 to $5 a day. * Rear office, 630
Market st. ■ . . < . ' ' . ' •
ENTLEMANLY SOLICITORS FOR FIRST-
VX class portrals. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Butter.
GENTS - "PERSONAL . RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian | fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
x. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER A RAY CO., 723 Market su
HOUSES WANTED.
Ty — HOUSE, 4 OR 5 ROOMS: FAMILY
' ' of 2. Address F., box 16. Call Office.
/ROOMS WANTED.
Tir ANTED-2 oiTT^URNISHED*
" and bath; for light housekeeping. S. F., box
#. la 1 Office. -■ •*--** '» ■-■...■ ...
BOARDING WANTED.
LAD/ WITH MAID DESIRES HOME IN A
refined family; not too far out. Answer W.
A., box 72, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 11331* Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
_'_■_'' PERSONALS.
WILL JOHN Me DUFF, A TAILOR, OR ANY
one that knows of his whereabouts, please
address his daughter, MRS. FLORA SHAW, 521
Minna su, San FrancUco, Cal.
"VT IDDLE-AGED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
iJX meet widow who has a room to let. Address
H. P., box 112, Call.
ADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GENTLKMAN
partner; small capital required. J 9 Powell, r. 7.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPK-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful ; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE,atty-at-law. 860 Market su
T DRESS HAIR FOR THOUSANDS OF LA-
X dies every month; everybody satisfied: how I
can they help being satisfied when they get such i
good work for only 25c? I use "Quinoma" Hair
Tonic, 36c a bottle. Q. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
VTRS. SADIE EVANS'COSMESTIC PARLOUS.
J-'J- balr-dressing.shampooing; gen,ts6oc. 15Eduy. j
RETURNED— MME. ROLAND, TEACHER
French language. 765 Market st., room 15.
MYRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS;
manicuring; halrdresßlng. 1362 a Market, c 8.
SUITS CLEANED AND PRESSED, $1. 26
Montgomery St., rooms 13 and 14; tel. red 2374.
ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
'» ing. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st.,
bet. Mason and Powell. •••.-..
ADY (STRANGER) DESIRES GENTLE-
man partner; $26 capital. R. 2. 122 Post st.
Ü BRETT'S CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOR
JJ corEs, bunions, warts: 26c 327 Montgomery, i
WATCH N AND JEWELRY REPAIRING; !
'» work from the country solicited; estimates :
* Iven: articlt-a returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
ARTINGTOJN'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and. Newspaper Illustration: day and eveninz
Classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, Gertruds
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine. {
MORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store; has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46: ladies', misses'.
children's cloaks to order ;flt guaranteed :lpw prices
THE FINEST LINE «OF REMNANTS-
X suit to order, $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tallot^
lug Company, 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and Bth.
rpRUNKS DKLIVERKD 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 57. -
A T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
xl. Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 V* Market at.,
bet, sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL , • *.." •
LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs, etc. removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leaven worm, j
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL 1Y; FINE I
edge put on raasor.2sc Razor Exchge.63oMarket
ELVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
» manufacturers', cost.' 20 Sansome St., upstairs.
IJ IO OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW KVi5-
XJ ry night cor. Market snd Sixth sts. : artlstlo ad-
vertisements in living light; - promoters of bast*
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market su
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN. EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JK W-
flry. etc. : lowest rates. 848 Market st. ■
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' ' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 'ia. cor. Je*Ma.
DRESSMAKERS. >
1 ADIES. TO YOUR ADVANTAGE. CALL
1j at BRADLEY'S, 416% Geary St.: elegant
stylish dresses made; $5 up; dresses made over.
RES-SKS 92 Up! WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn SI up. 6068,4 Natoma at.-, above Sixth.
__.{■__'_ j_'_l' EDUCATIONAL. .
MME. MELVILLE SNYDKR, 716 POST ST.;
v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic actiug a specialty:
.vocal classes Monday. 8 p. m.; $1. ;;
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 . POST
st — Bookkeeping, business practice, • short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng- i
lish - branches, - electrical - engineering, etc; 20
teachers: 15,000 graduates; catalogue. ■ . ,
YRES ,. THE,. LEADING COLLEGE \ 32&"
Montgomery st.: , individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapnv, etc. • I
life scholarship $50; - low rates per week and mo.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS '
College, 723 Market st. ; r expenses less 'and
scholarship. better than elsewhere; day and night.
7, KLA&CO'a LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
' l> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt I
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanlcal . engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN DKR.NAILI.KN, 723 Mkt,
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. ' MISS FAGKN, 427 Setter st. •*
MISS JJOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.: board; Eng., French, Ger., piano; $30 mo.
J FRENCH, SPANISH,ETC.:Prof.DKFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 32o Post st ;estab'd 1871
> A LilA K.-HYKK, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
SX. ja 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNG,- WKITNO. ARITHMTC. GKA JIK
day night; noclasaes; $5 month. 845 Mission
ROK LOUIS MERKI; VIOUN, MANDOUN,
gulur, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIs"TKACH-
es plano,alnglng, French mo. R. 14, 1002 Polk
R. A M RS. KOLA N LER. TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 935 Market St.. Mason
ROFKSSORG. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OK
violin guitar, mandolin, liar.io. 1707 Market.
DENTISTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIA^TIO^r7S9^MAR^
V ket, bet. 3d and 4to; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up. .
1 JR.. LUDLUM- HILL, 1443 ; MARKET , ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whoa
plates are made; old : plates made over like new;
teeth from $3 per set: : extracting 60c; gas given...
DR. OHORGIS * W. ~i LEEK, T_IK GENUINE j
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction i
and patentee of ; Improved ' bridge work or teeth [
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 Farrell st.
If ULL SET OF TEETH. $7; WARRANTED
X five years; - extraction, ,60c: fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlon, 24 Sixth.
tMRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
U; prices; first-class results: - painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 600 Sutler
DR. L. 1. «. KAN_— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown ' work, ' bridge work - and . teeth wilaoat
plates a specialty. . 103 Geary st, cor. Grant tn":'.
<8«7,A SET FOR TKETH: WARRANTED A*
«E) • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater. '
PAINLESS Extraction, toe; CROWN i
. bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: IS years'
cxpertenoa. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S.. 815^4 Geary.
?*:LL WORK TO SUIT TIMEB;WARRANTED.
J3- DR. KKA, 1870 Market St., front City Hall. ■
R. JL'UCKETT, ; 1703 PO.vr ST., NEAR BO'
ccanan. gas given: crown and bridge work.
ALL;- WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. * DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market s- , -,'.
ET OF TifiETH WITHOUT .1 rLA'I'K .UK' tL
OG. YOUNG.. 1841 Polk su : : .. V*.
\\~\K. J. J. LXXX. l^Ott MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gat* ; aye.— Open' evenings; Sundays till noon.
, JSHSISS 58 CHANCES. '
PARTNER IN PAINT AND CARPENTER
J- shop: from $500 to $750 cash needed: lone es-
tablished: large contracts: knowledge of business
■ not necessary : office work. WiLKE, 631 California |
jCl»4fin GROCERY AND BAR WITH LIV-
I tjp.iuv/. ing rooms; doing good business: low
I rent; choice location, close to Market st. WILKK
I A WOLF, 531 California st,
| ffiji t\(\(\ BARROOM; CLOSE TO BALDWIN
j «35 LOW. Hotel; straight 10s, bar: long lease;
! first-class day and night trade. WILKE, 531
, California st. •
Ct»yp.A . PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCH-
<K)*JU\J. er-sbop; 8 miles from city; rooms; low
rent; average 4 cattle sold per week"; r are chance
for right party. WILKE. 631 California st. ;
ODGING-HOUSE OF 46 ROOMS, WITH SA-
loon established years; lease; low rent; very
beet location rarest chance for German man and
' wife. i WILKE, 531 California st.
I C» I 700 CORNER. GROCERY AND BAR;
<pX I \J\J. choicest location: Western Addition;
rent $30; doing large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed: owner going to Guatemala; fullest investi-
gation given. . WILKE A WOLF. 531 California.
ffljKflft RESTAURANT ON KEARNY ST.;
C«JWU. actual value $1200; rent $50: owner
.called East on account of sickness. WILKE, 631
California su
ATTENTION! *260; SALOON AND LUNCH-
-1- house with 2 living-rooms: rent $20; sur-
rounded by foundries and warehouses: actual
value. $600: -owner sick in German Hospital.'
I IKK, 631 California st. ■
©4(in STATIONERY AND CIGARS; DO-
■ tlpiVU. ing nice business: fine locality on Mar-
ket st.; low-rent; must be sold immediately: fullest
Investigation: tine buy for the money; see it. T,
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SALOON; CORNER; ESTABLISHED 16*
U years: No. 1 locality; opposite carhouse; low
rent; long lease; fine living apartments: fsuitable
for a r roadhouse or hotel ; this Is a money-making
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
<S*Q^n SALOON WITH FOUR FINE HV-
WJU\J. ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
ness: cheap rent; fine locality; fine business for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
700 ONE OF THJS FINEST RESTAU-
<D • V * rantl in city, good location; - doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation;
reason for selling, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
win find on Investigation all that is claimed for It:
this is a rare chance. T. LPBELSKI, 7 City Hall ay.
Sfcft^O SALOON AND RESTAURANT: OR
iipyJOXJ. will take partner; the finest chance
ever offered; fine locality, cheap rent and good
business: T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
J"U*T THE BUSINESS U WANT TO BUY
, ' for just the price U want to pay; all branches.
MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
400 FINE RESTAURANT AND
tIP-L-rvvr. oyster parlor: first-class trade and
location; receipts $65 daily; a fortune for some
I one; thorough Investigation invited; only a res-
taurant man can handle this place; a perfect sac-
nfice. See MYERS <fe GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
<B*Qr;<| SACRIFICE — SALOON. 3 ROOMS,
tST>OO\J . kitchen; well furnished; fine stock and
fixtures; best accommodations: receipts $15 to $20
dally. MYERS A Git AHAM, 777 Market at.
.©9OO OYSTER-STAND IN LARGE MAR-
tn3—V/V. ket with splendid cash trade, Includ-
ing sole agency of rapid-selling article: a chance
of a lifetime. MYEKS A GRAHAM, 777 Market.
fi?'J7^ SALOON; 3 ROOMS UPSTAIRS; 1
tjpoicj. furnished: dally receipts $8 to $10:
will sell at sacrifice this week to cash buyer.
STENBERG A CO., 632 Market st.
(ft f^OnTi SALOON, MARKET ST.; BEST
<2)tJ\J\J\J. fitted up place on the coast: 2 cash
registers, safe, etc. ; large stock of best quality on
band; low rent; business will speak for Itself;
more than value In sight; owner made. fortune
and Is retiring. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
lOHEST CASH PRICE PAID FOR FUR-
nltures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
Stocks. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
■VTOTICE— DON'T MISS THESE BARGAINS.
XI Saloon, 3 rooms, pays well, price $350
Corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms $350
Cor. saloon, Kearny st., clears sl6o month.. slBoo
Grocery and bar, clears $76 per month ...... *750
Restaurant, clears $60 per month $175
Branch bakery, 4 rooms, cheap ............. $175
Corner cigar-store, clears $50 per month $250
Lo<l«ing-iiouses, price* from $150 t0.... $4000
To buy or sell, see GUS STRAND, 46 Third st. - :
©OKA PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH
<tJ>^j*JKr. commission business; clears $150 per
month; see to-day. GUB STRAND, 45 Third st.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF Y_!AR_;
JUL new B-story and basement brick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market st-, and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnished
throughout: furniture, for sale on ■ reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. BIL-
VERBEKG, 820 Sansome st., room 39. j »,.
<ftQfin TEAMING AND EXPRESS BUSI-
-tipOV/\/. ness: : doing hauling tor two wholesale
produce commission houses and two shipping
agents; clearing $175 to $260 per month; has two
large American horses, four large wagons; this is
one of the best openings in the city for an active
man. GEO. STEWART, 603 Market at. ■"> .
J 'OR. SALE— OF THE OLDEST EBTAB-
X . lisbed liquor-saloons In the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order: has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached ; sickness the only reason for selling. ' Ad-
dress tor particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.^ '
Ui.il\ STATIONERY. NOTIONS, NEWS-
*S)\JO\J. stand, cigars and tobacco, circulating
library, branch bakery, etc. : old-established, steady
cash . trade: ' affords good living: near schools;
sunny corner; 4 living-rooms, yard, stable; cheap
rent; value In sight: ■ this is a legitimate business.
L., box 66, Call.
LD ESTABLISHED BAKERY; BAKES 2^
\s barrels a day: 2 fine horses and wagon; large
store and outside trade:, will sell cheap on account
of death in family; trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market.
Q/i^O 20 R< OMS: FULL; RENT $35;
fjP~±O\f. snap. ; See SKIFF, 921 Market st.
O» IOC BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY-
<HD X Z.O. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Mancet;
SfiT^O fine! large double team,
tip I O\J. with 2 steady houses In city, 1 in Port-
land and 1 in Seattle to haul for: this is a rare
chance; business paying from $150 to $300 per
month. Inquire of WILLIAM BROWN, 408
Davis st. . .
ARTNER WANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
contracting business; pays from $100 to $IM>
each; must be steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 26, call Office.
LADY WITH MEANS WOULD LIKE GEN-
XJ tieman partner to - help purchase fine-estab-
lished business: will furnish equal amount money;
capital required $1500. X-, box 16, Call Office.
BICYCLE-STOKE AND MACHINE-SHOP:
well established; complete stock of bicycles,
sundries, tools, vulcanlzer. oven, etc.; opportunity
for a machinist. 1113 Market st. -
ffljOrUifl BEST- PAYING' BUSINESS IN-
ijpOiJ\J\J. vestment in San Francisco; station-,
cry, notions, etc: established 1889; must be sold.
Address P.. box 35, Call Office. . - ... '
QEED'S WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST;
0 they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap;
26c and 60c: sent by mall on receipt of price. 719
Market sU. near Third. '
G»1 ')OO RESTAURANT: - ESTABLISHED
0 1 _.W. 15 years; a pick-up; doing a good
business: make ofler; Investigation given. Apply
29 sixth st. • . > :
1?OR SALE— HALF INTEREST IN OLD-
established corner liquor-store and bar; near
City all. Call at 103 Powell st. HILBERT
BROS. ' . .
TjURST-CLASS SALOON. WITH 15 FUR-
X nished rooms: No. 1 location: owner made a
fortune. Address A. H., P. O. box 340, Vallejo,
<n» Of: AVERAGE WEKKLY NET ;ir*COME
O«J $250 invested; safe, conservative ; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway, N.y.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. .«.O WAN BUYS
-t\. stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
•ells on commission. Boom 15,' Montgomery.
\\T ANTED— PARTNER IN , A SAFE AND
"» rapidly- extendine business: must have at
least $15,000. ' Apply W. P., box 62, Call Office. --
L, OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS "LIQUOR-SALOON
' and wlnehonse: must sell cheap on account of
other business. Inquire at 541 California st. •
p KOCKRY AND BAR FOR SA_K: KEPT BY
VX present owner for eleven years; price $600.
SW. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts. - .
0" LD-ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STORE, FINE-
\J ly located, for sale on account of . leaving the
city. Call at 206 Third st. - ■■ » ,_ . ■ .
©100 GEARY ST.— PAYING BAKERY"
«lrl_jl". 1 laundry office: 30 chickens. KOVI-
MAX, 978 Howard st. . '
mo BUY OB SELL A POULTRY RANCH OR
1 business of any kind see E. HljuL, 997 Market
1 st., room 5. ' . ; * '. . ■ ■ . .
<ft^oo CORNER GROCERY AND BAB,
mO\)\J. with living-room; low rent. C. G.. box
142, Call Office. . ; _^^^^ '
BAKERY AND NOTIONS; NEAR VALES-
cm- st. 1 depot; good business; bargain. Addlv
Call Office. " v *
.VTEWSPAPER ROUTK-IN INTERIOR city.
I> close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. . . ; . .." . " c ■
10 LET-RESTAURANT, FURNISH D;
X doing good business. . Apply a. m. 10 Drumml j
ENTLEMAN - PARTNER • (GERMAN) !
waned py a lady. 12 Mason st., room 2. .
pANDY-»Tt)RE AND FACTOKY: A BAR- I
\J gain: gcol stock. . Apply Call Office.
pORNKR GROCERY AND BAR: NO OPPOSE
tton; no agents. Inquire at Call Office.
'O^m 1 5 GROCERY ANT) BAR; LIVING^
VJ rooms: good location: rent $20. 515 Market st.
M h L KCf J A i D i S , X STOCKS AND FIXTURES
. bought by J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market, rm. 2.
LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partner; small capital. : 9 Powell st. room 7.
T^KE PARTNER OR SELL BLACKSMITH
.x shop; good business. Address P.. box 8, Call.
GENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VX lady of some means. 1 Fifth st. room 12. .
LV£ DE 1 1 1 A GENTLEMAN PARTNER;
XJ $35 capital. 13 Mason st., room 2.
VORSALE-A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
X at ll4O'Farre!ist.: H. HAAR.
.T7IJ-NE SALOON: GOOD DAY AND night
X trade. . 817 Kearny. *
ROUTE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN-"
XV quire at Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$600^. o S~.*Sc B KE B .i. SSWS«
bet. 9 and 10 a. m. - - --. « , ;
/^KNTLEMA.N PARTNER ■ WITH SMALX,
G capital wanted by lady. 821 Howard, room 1*
:ib»GING-HOITSES FOR : BAKE. > ' -
IO?FK^FOB SALE THIS DAY — —
—FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS
—-THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS -— -
27-room house. 57001 *2-room house. ... 8500
10-rooni house. 1501 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms" cor.. 8,000 14 rooms onSutter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms best 3,600
15 rooms, new. 1,250 31-room bouse.... 1.400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo
200 rooms.hotel.Slo.ooo 11 rooms, 0n1y. ... 76
35 rooms centr; *■» 2.600 10 rooms.Jones si. 300
-I SELL an"^EXCHANGE REAL KSTATfi-
! — AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS —
'. H.O. DKCKiSR. 1020 Marteet st., opp. Fifth.
If) h00M5....... f125,19 R00M5..........* 750
X\J 45 rooms . 625 60 rooms. -• i.OOO
14 rooms, Sutler. 600 22 rooms... 450
63 rooms, fine... 8,250! 12 rooms 225
132 rooms,, new. ...7,600 84 rooms. ... ......1.500
, UNDERWOOD A CO., 766 Market st.
pOBSKR HOUSE, - 45 BOOMS, ON . SUTTER
\J St., clearing $200 per mouth above expenses:
•rent $125: death in family cause of sale. WILKB.,
631 California st., j-^____________l
©Unfl LODGING-HOUSE: 23 ROOMS;
f^O\J\J. good furniture and carpets: clears *75.
bTKNBERQ CO., 632 Market at.
ifURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130 ROOMS;
1 $300 to $10.0D0. PHELPS & CO., 917 Larltin.
L" ODGING-HOUSE 11 ROOMS FOB SAItE
cheap. 233 Third st. __
<I_9nn LODGING-HOUSE— MUST BE SOLD
<P-wUIS. this week; apply in the afternoon. 2230
Minna st. ■ / - .- •- ■ ■
IpLAT. OF 4 FURNISHED ROOMS NEAR
X Market at.; cheap. 45 Third st.
OUSE OF 7 ROOMS, ALL i i_-\T_,JJ;
cheap. ' 403 Stevenson, cor. Fifth.
fi_O'/i FURNISHED HOUSE 20 ROOMS;
<jp jjQ\>. »50. 415 Pine, below Kearny.
FURNITURE ; FOB 7 SALE.
1 - Prices stand tUi goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5...,,.,,,,,;,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,..' SIS SO
Bedlounges „. «... ««9
Stoves ...,.' ~_ ' 760
Carpets, per yard........ _„ . 55
Linoleum, per yard _^. 65
Matting, per yard....:; 10
Till our new building Is erected these pries* will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SB. corner beventb and Mission sts. J.
NOONAgr. . .
T?OR SALE— COMPLETE FBBNITURB OF 10-
X room house. In whole or part; most' sell im-
mediately. Apply at &19A Valencia st.
. TpURNITURE OF 6 ROOMS; ALL KENTEo;
X. account departure. 627 Post st., after 12.
Af\(\ CARPKTS: CHAMBER SETS. $117
?,W stoves, $5: parlor sets. $20: folding-beds.
$10; bar outfits. T. D. McCarthy, 764 Mission. !
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOB
-TV lowest prices 00 household Roods, new or £do 4 ■
»«new:ca»ti or time. open evening^ ■ •■ v
furniture wanted. ~~
CASH PAID for eln tire houses OR
I smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc J. ,
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton send postal? jA>
rpo SELL FUKNITURK TO ADVANTAGE TRY
I M. SILVERSTKIN.969 Howard st. ;aend postal '
UCKINGHAM i-UKMTUKK CO PAYaT
highest price • for furniture, carpets, eta. ; send .
postal. 866 Mission st. . . " !
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP. -211 'Larkla. '
TNDIANa AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
-LJ. SIMMONS' Ana Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash I
• CARPET CLEANING.
D^A^S^E~"^ARTpET "cLEANTi?G CO^M2
Bntter, tel. Main 394. S. S. FERQUSON.mapgr. .
JONES <fc Ca, MAIN OFFICE _6 AND XT
Eighth St.; teL Jessie lObl. •
•»c a yard at GREAT western CARPKT
«-) Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth St. . -
ARPET CLEANING, 3c. : LAYING. 3c. ; RU»
\J samples free: teL Jessie 944. Stratum, 19 Bth st. '
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama sU; teL So. 4a '
G- ONKLLN'S CARPET EKAi'INli WORKS. Mi
Golden Gate aye. i telephone east 126. -
ITY BTEAM CARPET CLEANINO.RKNOVA-
\J tiaz, Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 230. '
AKPKTS CLEANED AND KENOVATEU
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth- t*_
fconth sa. p. mackintosh a co.. successors.
IK. MITCHELL CAKPKT CLEAN ING CO. -Jill"
__1 ___! L " r - : cleaning; ac » VHi-rt. Tel. Mlnalon 7t.
———————
BICYCI.ES.
v^co9^San^ >^2SsXjn^~cr2wvord',
O $30: Barnes, «55; Ben Hur, Ladies', S6O- Sow.
ler, $56; Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain: also
others. DAVIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEKLS $26 UP :
sundries below cost. 216 McAllister. '
•\rERY FINK '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
VN. HAWLEY, 318 Market at. , *»J«
PARK CYCLERY— NKW WHEELS TO UST 7
best accommodations. ' Terminus Geary, iti>
Alllster and Powell at. car linns. .
FOR BALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
TUATIONAL CASH REGISTER, Ct)BT »200
li- will sell for $100. R. NICHOLS. 1191 Market."
TT-OR SALE— TWO BEAUTIFUL SPANISH
J? poodle pups (pet dogs). Apply at 224% O'Far-
rell st. - . . -. .
I^OR SALE— BEAUTIFUL FANCY, PIGEONS
cheap. 841 Castro st. . ,
TANDARD REMINGTON TYPEWRITER
0 No. 2: in excellent condition; must be sold
First Sergeant Battery E, Fifth Artillery, .Fort
Mason, Cal. '. -■ , -.- V
NGINE • FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN; IN
good - order: 8-borsepower. ■ Foundry corner
Washington and Third sts., Oakland. ■"—.
Swing MACHINE (DOMESTIC), ALMOST
new; going away: cheap. 1346 Market, R. 28.
(tt»9^ NEW 5-DRAWER DOMESTIC SEW*
7fo£O. ing machine. 1915 Mission at., bet. Fif-
teenth and sixteenth. *"" otn P° fc • rll '
ECOND-HAND SINGER PATCHING MiT
0 chine for sale. 635 Mission st.
THOROUGHBRED ENGLISH MASTIFF
i. pupa for sale cheap. 967 Market at.
■VTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST
IN W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st , 9 7'
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SI^ELV*
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, ax. 7th.
CIOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PB.EBS.'
Vy stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 10!* clay'
I>UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ASDBAT-
X* • tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First s_7
near Mission. . . -• . . TV
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKR."
$45: others from $20 up. REVAXK. 409 Cat
OILKRS,ENGLNES,2D-HANDMACiHIN_iSY : "
XJ waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 187 Beals!
pOUNTISKS, SHELVING. . SHOWCASES
VVbars bough t<fe sold. 11211^ Mar bet 7th A
ALL BABY OARRIAGEB AND CHAIRS AT
■eX. cost; hood tops, $5 60 np; repairing; open
evenings. 8. t\ Baby Carriage Mfg. Co. . 442 Smb.
p OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
r pulleys, shafting, * etc. • ,W. L. BAN FORD.
415 Washington st. — • , 7^
k > HqKBEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EnT
A gine; good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay »_
. UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES "
» '. doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. ? 1166 Mission.
ONKb0 NKbM ALL MEDIUM AND LAROG SIZB
lir<> and bnrgl.-r proof i»i>t«. 'On. 111 Market %i.
SEWING MACHINES. ,
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. - 205 Fourth st.
HORSES.
HORSE, ROCKAWAY AND FINE PHAE-
ton for tale cheap. 1311 California st.
I FORRESTER, SALESMAN— 20 DRIVING
. and work horses; all homes . bought and sold
on commission; sales can be made at reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia st.
HK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA^
X lencia st., is the place to go If you want to buy,
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hap»
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
Crj HEAD DRIVING A-NDWOKK HORSKS:
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
IRA SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, Buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be gold. 1128 Mission st
"1 AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALTER
■I- broken: cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
f\(\(\ BET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\JV ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap. horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HORBES ■• FOB SALE; ALSO WAOOKIjL
I\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hoem
Market, 327 Slx:h at. ; auction sales every '"itiinea.
cay. SULLIVAN A DOYLK. Auctioneers. 1
WAGONS. AND CARRIAGES.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
— dry, milk and grocery wagons : also rookaway
and 2 fine bucrgies. .. 828 Harrison st. .■" -
•VTEW A SECOND-HAND WAGONS;BAKERY"
xi laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
Ti>Oß SALK, 'AT EASTERN PRICES. FINK
X carriages of every descilptlon; cash, notes or
Installments. ' C'-rvll I Mfg Co.. 46-48 Bih St.. S. K.
"~ •: STORAGE.
S'^O^A^IE^C^EAipEWITrTH^nTT^rRHU
O proof building; advances made. .-211 Lark In.
I FURNITURE, PIANOS, TRUNKS: Ar>
J vancps. shipping. CHAS. L. T A YLOK.gQ4 Pom.
TYPEWRITERS. "
in I A LIGRAPH, $16, : $35: YOBT, $30": "reml
\J lmtton. «50. 6COTT & R. 333 MontgomeryI-iill HOUSES TO LET.
& 9(1 : ! " ' ' S E : 6 ROOMS _ iBATB; 8 A
V£"«sv P, lac *' off California, below Stockton. Key
■A Ob.o. H. BUCKINGHAM:. 416 Montgomery st.'-
-« 1 TENEMENTS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS: $8 AND
f* $10 812 Jessie St., tir. Ninth. Key in grocery. j
<<£7.\ REDUCED FROM 990 — FINE NEW j
«uD I O. and modern residence of 18 -rooms;' a
oaths, etc.; excellent location for private boarding-
house or residence; close to Van Ness and Post st. :
a positive bargain: liberal inducement* to respon-
sible Party. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE _ CO.,
2vO Montgomery at. '^^ ' . *
1 WI it VALLKJO, NEAR GOUGH — NEW j
-I O-Lt house: fine marine view; 10 rooms and
bath: modern improvements; rent very reason-
able to suitable' tenant.. '
E 1 LEG ANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS: MOD-
XJ <-r» improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
Allister st.
t>-fcTORYHOUsKB ROOMS AND BATH; 925
«* and water. . 625 Octavla bu, near Hayes.
Qll» Ki-AR HOUSE: 5 ROOMS AND CEi-
ThirdT * X * T ' Inquire 724% ■ Howard St., near
1 nlra.
W ROOMS; BATH. 17 HAMPTON PLACE,
V oft Folsom s:.. bet. Second ana Third. :
*<*^(k 2814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
*~ - 1 -*' $14— 1831 Union at.; house 4 rooms.
OUSES TO Kb. XT FOR VERY LITTLE
XX money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montromervnt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTT fTo F6R OO M FUR N I SHE D~FOR
honsekeeping; rent $17. 746 Howard st.
LARGE COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS, BATH: LARGE
.-*- 1 grounds, suitable for nursery; electric-cars
pass; cheap. 153 Old Ban Jose road.
COTT A G K~6 ROOMS AND FLAT 5 ROOMS.
820yfrJaBsie st-, off Ninth. ■ ■
SUNN V COTTAGES. 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
>J yard and stable. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
A TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
~ $10 to $15. BPECK CO., 602 Market st.
"I R99-TUBK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS: ALSO 3-
- 1 *J»-£i room rear cottage : larce stable.
9Q9J MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAOE 8
—^—^ rooms and bath; yard; flower garden: $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSI_ ON
Geary. Sutter, Franlr'in and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECS. A CO., W)2
>l»rket st. ■ » ■■ -
URXISHJEp FLATS. ■
FOR SALE— N^?\^Y^^jlßNlsH~E^FliATr7
. rooms, at a sacrifice. 125 rove gt.
j FLATS TO LET.
"lie ASH AYE. OFF VAN NESS, NrTmcAL^
X 1 O lister— lower flat, 3 rooms, bath.
TfLAT OF 6 LARGE BOOMS WITH ALL
X modern improvements. 2115 Howard st., near
Seventeenth. . ■ ■
Q1 7 NEW LIGHT BAY-WINDOW- FLAT
%D x * ♦ 6 rms: bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom, nr.Sth.
IP YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT. OR
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
0 dale- place, off gulden gate aye.,
y- 1 bet. L^avenwortb and Hyde— 6 rooms and bsth.
VCi RACSCH ST.-tLAT 6 ROOMS; HOT AND
— O cold water; stationary tubs; large cellar.
REDUCED To Jflti: NICE 4-ROOM FLATS;
12 and 22 Birch aye., oft Larkin st., opp. City
Hall; newly papered ana decorated. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218 and 220 Mont-
Eomery st. - - '
9 LOVELY FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH",
— gas: large vu-ds: In perfect order: 4 rooms,
913; 5 rooms, $15; water free. 3928-3930 Nine-
teenth st-. bet. Noe. and Sanchez.
Q Q 2 SUNNY, 4-ROOM FLATS AND PoKCH.
KjU. 71 Boyce off Point Lobos aye.
"VT ICE SUN NY FL ATS OF 4 OR 6 ROOMS AND
-»-' bath: reasonable. 6 Dearborn st-, oS seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
USSY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
18. 2810 Bosh st.
TTPPEK FLAT 6 ROOMS, BA'IH AND BASE-
,L meat; rent $17. S2'J Sanchez, nr. Sixteenth.
17LAT BROOMS: YARD; ALSO COTTAGE 4
■ rooms; yard: all eunny. 623 Second St., or.
Bran nan.
LEG ANT FLAT 7 ROOMS: PERFECT OR-
der; low rent to good tenant. 827 Howard
si., pr. Four.h
W'-A— ; j-.Li— -oi> OOOD. I'KSA.M'S; RENTS,
'♦ iromslo up tor Hats, cottages. SPECK A
to.. 602 Market st.
f>LATa TO tih..NT tOR \_RY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. ;; -
Q~l FLAT 4 ROOMS; 21 HITCH. NR. FOL-
J-.0. som. Apply to H. PLANZ. 525 Geary n.
Q1 A UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS: HALL DOU-
♦_ IV". hie par. ore: ' references. 3 1606*4 Steven;
sob, near Eignteeuth.
»>v I 1 SIXTH — 4- ROOM SUNNY UPPER
X-d 1 -4 flat; rent $14; water free.
TOT! MCALLISTER— FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND
'OI '4 bath: all modern improvements: rent
$18. Key 737. ..
IF YOU WANT TO RK-Nl OR SELL A HOUSE
JL"gee,« !-:' >. W. H..PATI'£P.SON CO.
H" II WKP.sTf.il M.- 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
1"1 cheap to good tenant: co children. - -
""PPER FLAT OP 4 ROOMS AND BATH: %
i bay-windows; sunny side Lily aye. ; rent $14.
416% Lily aye.-
3" ~SUNNY FLATS; 4. AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
911. $10 and »9. 2041 Harrison, opp. 18th. '
TTPPKRFLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH; CELLAR;
U opposite i-urilne Baths. Key 1212 Larklc ~
t>l 70 FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
— X IO Sunny Mat of 6 rooms and bath; $14.
WO LARGE SUNNY BOOMS, WASHROOM,
X large yard: for housekeeping. .23 Klein Park.
V ELKGANT FLATS NEAP. CITY HALL; 4
— and 5 rooms. 6 aDd 713 Grove st.
C:l_ CHOICE bUNNY 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
tTXtt. Broadway.
C9fkA TURK. REAR — SUNNY, LPP.EH
«J_U flat; all light rooms; rent $12.
91 SEVENTH, KB. HOWARD — UPPER
«-. I O flat of 4 sonny rooms and bath. * -'
. —OI'SKKEEPING IiOOMS.
. Clementina Street. ~~~^-
-39/1 CLF.MENTXNA, BET. FOURTH AND
••**■ **. Fifth— 2 rooms, front and sunny, complete
for housekeeping; $10.
Al'\ CLEMENTINA— 1 UNFURNISHED
_vii lions -keeping room: cheap. • - •»-•-.
tddy street. "
Ql c EDDY-3 UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
010 private family; fine location; gas range.
(11 7 EDDY— 2 OR~3"XICELY~TURNI3HED
OX I housekeeping rooms: private family.
- ■ , l lltn Street.
OI A FIFTH-LARGE SUNNT FRONT BED-
OX —room, and kitchen; bath; yard; no chil-
dren; 911. .
1 olsom Street. '
1 9_l FOLSOM— BAY-WINDOW SUITE AND
X _tr_ kitchen, complete, 915; 2 unfurnished
$ 10; reference. - '
. . ; i»t»ry MtMu
A 1 Q GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
__«/ rooms; comple.e for housekeeping; $10
upward. -
£«99 *;fj FOR ADULTS; 5 ROOMS. BATH;
1*74-— •«JW. all necessaries; 2 beds; reference
required. 1917 Geary su '
~- ' Halght Street. ~~
n<)(\ HAI O H T — SUNNY FURNISHED
__U rooms for housekeepine.
isyat> Street.
C I A HYDE. NEAR GEARY— SUNNY FUR-
') Ii nlshed rooms for housekeeping; also single
rooms.
.. ■ • bunard sirtoi.
AC* HOWARD — SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
1 *±O with kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
rent 12.. . . . . . , .
■I 1 Ai. HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
_Xtr_ keeping rooms; range: $10 10 $12.
-1 t)r* HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY BAY-
J £O — window room, suitable for housekeeping;
cheap. ~ . - - ■ .
-1 r 99 HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
JU__ housekeeping: upper flat, sunny rooms.
•Jackson Street.' -
OOTI JACKSON, NEAR MASON — fur-
\jZ\) nlshed sunny fro tit, large housekeeping
room, $9; utrigle $4. • - • ■:
"~ Mu.ket Street. -
-1 -l nq MASKI-.T-TO LET: A LARGE SUN-'
J J. DO ny housekeeping room: cheap.
. Mason Street.
OOC MASON-THREE OR FOUR NICELY
ijJLX} furnished sunny housekeeping rooms, with
bath. , • ■
■pr '"■ :"' .!'ii-iin Mci-0..
A A MINNA -2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
ttOfr housekeeping: separate entrance. . .
"~" . 'j. i«>».oii >-««..
1 rt«r AND 1083 MISSION — CHEAPEST
J. U«DO acd cleanest housekeeping; and others
-1 r t )il MISSION— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
\*jjLjL housekeeping: upper flat, sunny rooms.
.Miilli btreec.
1 '-1 O NINTH. 2D FLAT— 3 UNTURNISHED
X 1 v. and 1 turn. shed room ; housekeeping.
Ottavlii Street.' S3B
1 Af\q OCTAVIA, ■ COR.' GEARY - J«U?»NY
_riv/t> furnished parlors and kitchens, gas
stove, $18: partly, $12.
f ; .: "';'::■": Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR, MARKET, OPP. OCTavi.\-
O Front and back parlor: furnished for housekps.
• .. , : .. '.. J»ollC street. '■•"•
rOA POLK ST.— ROOMS AND BATIT ;;"SJ2.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
sii-UiS:r«e';.
OAA PIXTH - 2 1 FINELY '. FURNISHED
— ~" front rooms; comple c; housekeepicg: 14.
South Park.
1 A south PARK- HOUSEKEEPING and
"-V-" single rooms; furnished and unfurn'shed:
reasonable. '-
• lenam » Street.
OOq TEHAMA — SUITE AND SINGLE
OOP sunny rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
I - : Third Street. ■
140 THIRD — SUNNY HOUSRKEEPING
J-iO rooms; complete; first floor; front; bath;
gag. . .
Xwenty-Kizth titreet.
QO^p: TWENTY- sixth — FURNISHED
*JOc"«J rooms for housekeeping, $8 to $10; single
$4 and f5.
Valencia Street
II 9K VALENCIA— EXTRA NICE HOUSE-
11OU keeping rooms; unfurnished. 2 or 4; with
bath: sunny; reasonable.
* «..» .\«s« Afeuun.
009 VAN NESS AVK.-BUNJTY ROOMS;
_O^ complete for' housekeeping; also sunny
single.
Weigh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
J.J-"1 nicely furnished housekeeping mis; cheap.
Miscellaneous.'
991 GEARY. ROOM »7— ROOM AND HOUSE
— '4 renting agency; no fee tor registering. ■
GI'KAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
XJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I United ;States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. - .-■• r-.
KOOMS TO LKT.
i uuy Street.
J1 EDDY, COR. MASON— FINE SUNNY
'iX rooms; day, week, month or transient.
XQll EDDY— FURNISHED SINGLE R00M.5,
OO\J S3 50 to $4 per month.
171 Q EDDY — FURNISHED ROOM; KUK-
j I XO nlng water: lower floor:. $5 per month.
— .^Ulh Mroo,.
S HERMAN ATAKT—KAT HOUSK, rs STH
0 »•„. Dear Market: lurnlshod *nd nnfnrnished.
*-"!» street.
ITIHK BAMONA. 130 KLLIS: MR.I KATES.
1 HART, manager— A qmet house; rentr%lly lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot A cold wa-^er.
Q9 1 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
•J— 1 lodging we recommend the lU'sedale House,
109 ELLIS— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
ttO— lor: also single room; terms moderate.
791 ELLIS— LARoK SUNNY ROOM; GAS;
t~-L bath: suitable for two; rent $8. -•.
i. olsoin streei.
1 CQI FOLSO—-FURNISHE D FRONT.ROOM
IOOJ to let. _
bearv Street.
91 .ft GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOM 9 IN REAR;
—J. I cottage; key premises.
C I Q THOROUGHLY RENOVATED
ulO nowly furnished sunny , hancsome parlors;
suites and single,
Uoiueu bate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATis, AYE. — PLEASANT
4.J.1" sunny bay-window room: alsoslngle: 85 up.
C 1 n GOLDKN GATE AVE.-PL.EASANT
OXVJ sunny rooms in a private family. • ■•_
Oougli reel.
1 fi(l^ GOC(jH - LARGE SUNNY PLEASANT
X\J\JO room; new furniture; board optional;
private family.
l.u«»;-<i Sued.. . .
1 RC\R HOWARD— OR 4 SUNNY FRONT
_OUO rooms; rent $9.
ilooea ctreut,
9H7 •"' % >"K»»— THE VAX WrSKM": NKW
—\J I mioacement: . elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly lurnlshert; bam. etc: SlO 10 £M
. '•uniT street.
90 KKAUNY-NTCKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— *.» lerms reasonable: quiet honse.
OH KKARNY— FURNISHED SUNNY SUITE,
•JU single rooms; electric lights; transient so-
licited. ■ ■ ■ ■. . •
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■i * Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst
class m every respect; terms reasonable.
... - Lagans Street.
9QI LAGUNA. NEAR UNION— 2 NICELY
iOIU furnished rooms.
'ji-Hln ».rc«..
19Q LA R K I N— L FURNISHED AND
"1— O i sunny rooms, suite or single; noose*
If desired. . . .- ■ >. '. .- f> v B
i-tittrr ;-viij»..
pUSTKR. 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIX
\J gle front rooms and suites: 50c to $1 50 per
night: $3 to $3 per week: offices to leu
V' OsEMITK KOL'SK. 1013 MARKET— I'hK
J. nicht, Ssc to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5 1 families.
Mason Street.
IAH MASON-3 ROOMS: FIRST FLOOR;
X \J — suitable for doctor or dressmaker.
tii: r ;: ■ ■• . McAllister stree:. ■
99A1 McAllister, opp. city hall—
——"2 Large sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms: suitable for offices; also 2 suites.
Mi 11 11 a. Street.
C*nq MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
VJU I furnished bay-window rooms; *1 per week.
r aft MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
ol: I rooms by day, week or month, 25c to $1
per day. •
£1 Q MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
XJXiJ rooms,lsc to 50c per night; $1 week.
7I Q MISSION— TO LET, A FINE FUR-
• J-O nlshed front room for two.
1 Vflft MISSION— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
X— \J\J lore, nicely furnished; board optional |
Pine Street..
1 PL9Q PINE — LAR~GE BAY-WINDOW;
lu-O front room; also 2 large back rooms.
Post Street.
90 X POST— THIS BUILDrN'G IS MOST CEN-
Z-OcJ trally located, and has the best appointed
offices and apartments in the city; it has been
thoroughly renovated: every room laree, light and
airy: all modern conveniences, elevator, telephone.
7 1 t> POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I Xt) en tulle or single, private bath. - . ■
I'owell Street.
9 9-21 4 POWELL (WILLISFORDI-EN.
_ 1 — 11 rely renov&iea throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
Second Street.
91 7 SECOND—LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 — J-.l room, suitable for two; also single; $1 up.
seventh Street.
IJO SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
I'i— housekeeping; also single rooms. . . -
Sixteenth Street.
9Q99 SIXTEENTH-SUNNY FURNISHED
— U_ — rooms, with or without keeping. ■
Stockton Street.
Tj*UROPEAN (THE). 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nlshed suites, $4 to 91O;'single rooms. 91 50 to
93 week; 50c to $2 night: hot and cold-running
water in every room; baths; elevator; transient.
- *-■ .er rev.. '
€>(\Q BUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
O\JO $1 25 to $10 wk; night 26o_to_*l 60: transl.
P.] 4. SUTTER— KLEGA NTLY """FURNISHED
t>J parlors; rent low to desirable persons.
' Taylor Street.
1 fin TAYLOR— LARGK DOUBLE ROOMS,
X\J U closets, etc., $2 per week; single, »1 26.
Xl 9 TA YLOK— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
UX_ also suite; rent reasonable.
Ailjril M1«9,.
1 91 THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
j.*j l rooms, $1 and up; aigo housekeeping. .
v »»hin ton street.
101 9 B W ASHIXOTON-NIOE FURNISHED
x \r i — snnny rooms: rent reasonable. ■<-■■
STORKS TO LET. '
90 CLEME.NTI^A^sTo"R^^NirT^RO^MS^
— O bath tlxtares; cheap rent. • . •
I ARGE STORE. WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
JJ and chow- windows; located 420 Sutler st.
Apply to H. McKLROY. 4 Phelan bnlldlng. "
OFFICES TO LET.
DENTAL 6lT^)T^E7r~7jFFlClfn CHEaT
cor. Polk and Sutter: also rooms. -. 1141 Polk.
CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (LAND
; L. and O. building— offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator-
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st. ;
TjUNE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; KUITA-
P hie for any business. . ' .-,.,•
S'~ PRKCKELS iIUILDJKti,- 927 MARKKT-
O Elegant snnnv offices. 913 50 Dp: electric-llcht-
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at baUOinii
or O. H. I'MBHK.N A CO.. 14 Montgomery «t!
TO -LEASE.
T^OrTIiKNT OK .LEASK^SO-V_£a^_OT - *S_"
J.- ro: To'k end Jackson sts.: : rent ' 950 per
'..i«i". ',.:-.-, iiar^ss J. a., 4*7 Sansomn su, S. c. • (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
O|If|JOXKS-L()VK!.'i BITSNx" I'VRLOR
*jyJO suite and elegantly furnished single rooms,
■with beard; large windows on all sidt-s; furniture,
etc., entirely new.' water hot, cold; splendid, luxu-
rious bath: new house: flower garden: only three
bloc ■ s from Baldwin Hotel ; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who enjoy- comfort' and ease: most conve-
nient^ nd com able rooms to be had. • . - .
7TOPOST— ONE NICELx FURNISHED
•i* room, with board, suitable for two young
men; use of parlor and piano: $20 each.
7\(\Q BUSH ST. — STUDENTS AND BUSI-
-*J\JO ness men can have "first-class room and
board for $20 a month with private family: hulf a
biock from California Hotel; reference given and
required. ■ ■ . , •
XQO ELLIS — NEWLY RENOVATED" ~FUR-
rJOO nigged or unfurnished rooms; board op-
tlonal. ; - : . - .- -
1 California— pleasant a lcove
-*-*-*— " sunny rooms with parlors, with board.'
9QI C CLAY, -NR.-DKVISADERO— SUNNY
— <->-»- O, room: use of parlor:, board $25. or $40
tor two; gas, bath; Eddy or Sacramento-sU cars.
1 t\{\Q DKVISADERO— FURNISHED ROOMS
XrjyiQ with board: $20 per month.
AOA EDDY — SUNNY NKWLY FURNISHED
T-'^t rooms; beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable.
OTIiL BKRTLINO. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel ; referenced tivcu <luu lenuired; til mod-
• ii corivcnien cpi . mMMMMmMMMM
CHILDREN BOARDED.
INFANT OR: SMALL CHILD; QUIET, HAP-
X py. sunny home: mother's tender care; 2 ladies;
large yard; near Golden Gate Park. 1636 Grove.
1 EXPERIENCED NURSE WISHES AN IN-
-■ fant to board: 210 per month. '2919 Sixteenth.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected by my method: success guaranteed:
oil and minerals located by the science. DR. ST.
CLAIR, 916 Markets!., room 26: hours 9 to 7.
KNOW THY DESTINY: THE HEAVENS
can lift the magic veil of the future: horo-
8. ope. I*l. PROF. MONROE, box 15. Call Offlce.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
/"I ITANA, THE GYPSY QUEEN, H TURK ST.;
VT truthful In her predictions; reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will Guide you rii;ht: no fake;' satisfaction
guaranteed : office hours from 9to 9. -
* rrivjed-1 if GREAT CLEOPATRA.
-iv. whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and
French clairvoyant cards will tell your who. life;
ladies 25c; gems 50c. 136 Hayes tt.,nr. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER." WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, rard-reader. bom v.ith a douoie vellanl
second sight; ladles 50& gents SI; . palmistry au!
clairvoyant Blttir.<rs $1 50. 126 'lurk sr.. r.r. Jone*.
MM K. RAVKNA READS LTFK FLUEN'I LV:
i'l business lydvice: names given: 25c op. 5 Fourth
ME. SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
hUsband.,wlfe: Indies '-'6c, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
MM E. M O A U, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
V! ISSMELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
■MX of future husband or wile. 766^2 Howard sU
Main. iIOI'.KAU. iii-.0l Mf.InLJM; ittVKAi
past, present, future: 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
hnsband. wife; ladiea 25c, 50c. 914 O'FarrelL
A! Ml HANSKN, PALMIST. CARIi-KEADER;
i-'-l past, present and future; 25a 148 6tb St., r. 6.
UCKY MEDIUM; CARD-READER; PALM-
J Ist; love, marriage, etc.; ladies 25c. 243 ship-
ley st., near Fifth. .
\| MX. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
i-'J p»at, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 860 Mission st.
RS. L. EHRUORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SII-
-tlngs daily; 'Joe upward. 221 Fllltuore St.,
nr. lialgbt.
\\ ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
■m future; 25c 311 Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth.
/'■« YPSV LIFiS-JtEADKK, KI'.MUVKD FROM 5
VJ :-eventh to 11 Stockton; ladles VBc: gents 50c
"X J M X. DR. lUu S. CLAIRVt>YANT; 25
.'1 »-r< K<"rnr. new 9'i9 Vont: >!• if lev 91.
_________
SPIIUTUALISM.
* VKKITA_i_ QUEEN A^lOnTTnv OiTtSTuT
jrß l *. DR. A. D. HOWK.
FKE #1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 & ITWARD
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL'
Why that look of sadness? Why that aowncav.
eye? Are you in trouble, nick or "down"? If «
read this and learn that lire is yet worth living
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/
thousands on this coast in the ten years pant, ii
strain at her old offices. 1820 Market street, Saa
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every sunering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
I trongut to the unlucky:. love to the loveless: the
I separated are united; the sick made slrons; ; th 9
poor become rich: if you think your husband, wifa
cr lover is untrue consult her at once. Hertra-y.
scendent power is as far above those poor mor:ali
who try 10 imitate her ai the eternal heavens ar»
bich above the earth. EVIiR FAILS.-; Shedoei
not know what failure mea.is! Her "Rev<-alei
— rdlcince" ■ (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease . tljat human . flesh is'beir to. an a no
matter of how lons 'standing. Write if you can-
Dot cail. for treatment by mall is always most sa>
teaexul and saiiHfac.ory. AH letters answ«re4. fl I
--..— Diseases alagnosed trom a lock of hair.
F__ II _ UPWARD! • FEK $1 A UPWARD
AlU:*. DR. a. D. HOWE, - ..
13JU Market st, opp. Seventh,
'• ' ■"- ; ; ■ ■ ■ San Francisco. • .
PALIFORNIA STATK SPIRITUAL AS.-OCIA-
<J tlon. Golden Gate Hall, fuller at., bet. Mpgon
and Taylor. Tuesday eveniug, September ¥3, at
7:20- o'clock. .Mrs. Mand L. Frietag. the wonder-
ful young ballot and rapping medium, will devote
the entire evening to giviag messages and full
names of your spirit friends. All skeptics and ui>-
beileytrrs are invited. Mrs. Sherwood and Pro-
i<-ssor Whiielaw will make the music Admission
10 cents. •"■':%
OOf? MCALLISTER- MRS. c. J. MKYER-
tJ_U teat meeilngi every night: 10c.; Tu.- A
Frl. 2 p.m. ; business sittings daily at above I*o $1
MRS. SHRINKR. CIRCLETO-NIGHT: TESTS
■»- to all, 25c: sittings dally. Sll Van Ness aye.
Mo-NIGHT-KATE HEOSSMaNN'S GRAND
X test meeting. 11l Larkin st.; admission free.
\| RB. FULTON. SLATE-WRITINU SEANCE
I*l to-night: sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
079 MISSION — mis week; WATER-
U I _ reading, only 50c: circle to-night, Ac.
TI CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; lOa~ MME.
X YOUNG, t>os McAllister: all skeptics invited. 1 1
AM. KKASI IS, IN DKPKN DENT . isLaTK-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6p. w.
MRS. KATE lIOSKTaS. TRANCE MEDIUM.
■I'l sitlltigs $1; circle Tuesday «ye. 186 Oak st.
ISHOP GArtRISUN. 1370 31 ARKET: SEAN-
ij ck-i I nesd ay, Friday even's. 25c: 10 10 4 dally.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THU
-"V. \v KEKLY CALL, in wrapoer. for mailing.
————————— _„____
Ux'i-NOTiS3I.
YiPNTm^r^ATrD^^lTAfc MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a. so how. to hypno ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested in us therapeutic effects; high-
eat credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 U'Fa..-rell st. ' - ..
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TC) LADIES "SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls: perfectly harmless: tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped imme liateiy; prices to suit
the times: home In counrfement. DR. _ MRS
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 A. li. to 5 p. it. and 7 to 9 p. it.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES . RK-
stored In a few hour.*-, sate and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate t>hy-
slcian: 30 years' successful -practice; JIEDIUAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense: consultation free and coniidentlal.
MRS. DR. WYEIH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
AN PROCKSS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
mentor worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician tor all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores . always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed;
If you wans to be treated safe and sure call on
man's physician. DR. POPPKP.. 313 Kearny st.
LA DI ES, CHICHKSTER'S ENGLISH
royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are. best; Bate, re-
liable: lake no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies." In letter by return mail-
«t druggist's. : Chlchester Cbem. Co., Philadelphia,
DB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities in one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge: separate home for patients; best skill-
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st. .
LPKAU's FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lad»es troubled with Irregularities; nodan«er-
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. CSGOOD '.OS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. DR. WKUENKR TAKES LADIES BK-
fore and daring confinement:' Infants adopted
Into good homes;' treats all female complaiauw
Irregularities successfully. , 419 Eddy sl. ■
URE CURE FOR ALL. DISEASES,
I from I whatever cause; a home in couflnemen:
with every comfort; I satisfaction guaranteed, Iby
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 lurk st.
\iRH. J. A. ACII >RD,MIDWIFE— HOME IN
1m confinement; ; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion si. '■ -■ ■ '.'■"-..■ : '■ • ■ ' ■
RsTuR. E. J. WILLIAMS. ELECTRICIAN",
has removed 10 502- Stevenson si., cor. Sixth.
TF JRRKGULAR OK AAV i-KMAL_ I>l -KASK
see MRS.DR.' PUETZ and be content. 264 V* 4th.
1 K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR '
XJ Jones. ! Diseases of women and children. ■■
"PRIVATE houk in confinement. AIKS.
ADR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth ku. Alameda. . ..
_______ _____________ ___
PHYSICIANS.
R^"^7r7}'DONNKLL, 1208 MARKET. COR
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.'
I IO.VT FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. • 1051 Market . St.; his SO yean' ;
successful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment; ■
iii* worst Cists treated saimacu riiy by auUi. ■ . .
j CITY ;RE AL ESTATE.
j rjOWNTOWX BUSINESS PROPERTY. ••
V .' '-. : GOOD SPECULATION!^ IXCO^ E -
'Ql R ' 001) THRKE-STORY BUILDING ON
«35J-U.V-'UU. Larkin st., in 2 stores and flats:
; always. rented: substanfally built and In first-
class • condition; re..ts $i6BO per annum- lot
40:6x87:6 leet. . .- .-;'
". EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market St.
HANDSOME HOME. r ~ ~~: ~"
, NEAR ROHOH AND PINE ST3.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE A i.K.
QlfWinn FINK RESIDENCE OF 8
«iP Iv. \l\J\J. rooms, bah and basement; sub-
stantially built; handsomely dtcoia.ed; in fine
condition; lot 28x137:6 feet. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., ■
► , . 638 Market *t-
GOOD INVE^IMKVr .•-, - .- -.-..• .-. ■• -. ... c .
U ,  BU S INES ON STEINKR STREET.
BUSINESS PROPt-RTY
QKIOK STORE AND 5 ROOMS AND FLAT
<iP"I-t'- of 6 rooms and bah: good business
location; near Turk st.; In Al condition; reduced
fromsbooo for Immediate sale: mortsrnae of
93000. EASION, ELDRIDGE A CO..
- -■"' " 638 Market st.
■a snap. •. ... ■ •- •..---.. : : ■
-^i- MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFK E. .
1 Q t<ftf\ft HANDSOME HOUSK OF 9 ROOMS
1 « \J\J\J\J. and bath; all modem conveniences:
I on Stelner st,, near McAllis.er; cost $85Ou: owner
must sell; lot *isxH'B:6: only half cash required.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
MISSION INVESTMENT.: - tttt
NICE PAIR of flats.
. SEVENTEENTH ST., NR. HOWARD.
3^Hfi -TWO PUTS OP 5 ROOMS EACH;
: (IrOilUU. also stable In rear; always rented;
; pays $300 per annum; lot 28x100; there is big
value in tnls. EASTON, ELDRiDUE ■& CO..
- ' - - 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. • ~~" • -...-. -- .--, ■
JJ MISSION RESIDENCE.
• LOT ALONK WORTH THE MONEY
<ft^9hn A COMFORTABLE WELL-BUILT
1 f<pOZ.\J\J. house of 7 rooms and bath on 24th
: St., near Florida: lot 28x100; sacrificed for Imme-
! diate sale. EASTON,' ELDRIDGE A CO.,
i ' ■ - 638 Market gt.-
- i rUultU aALt.
-ti. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
NEAR MISSION 1 OAD.
©Q A f\f\ COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. STABLE,
! *Z)OI\J\J. outhouses, etc., with 60 bearing fruit
I trees, on China aye.; large lot. 200x160 feet: three
I frontages. EASTON, -fc-LDRIDUE <fc CO.,
. -'" .- ""' ? 638 Market st.
SPECIAL LIST ~T.
■ Of CHOICE LOTS
AT BEDROCK PRICES
©O?:rjA COR. POINT LOBOS AND 31ST
«JSUOUU. ayes.; 120x125.
! <s;3nnft COR - I>OIN T LOBOS AND 9TH
I «lOUUU. ayes.; 32:6x100.
52600. PAGE : RT - XEAB SHRADER;
25x137:6.
NVV - CoX OX SANCHEZ 6T.;
O—"-<JU. 100x123; will subdivide. 
$1750. g&Z NEAR B PRUCE;2Sx
Q1 "\C\d i>OINT LOBOS ROAD. NEAR 22D
O- - O\J\J. aye.: N. side; 40x100; cheap lot.
O*l O^f\ . - STH ST., '.NEAR BRYANT;
«3;J.ZOU. 25x90.
07 nnfl 8 lots. railroad homestead
<? X\f\J\r. Association, including ' 2 , corners,
near electric-car Hue. . .
12700 SOUTH AYE., NEAR RICHLAND,
C • W. Holly Park: 50x100.
o; A(\f\ EACH— 2 CHOICE LOTS ON DUN-
«J)ttUU can st.; 50:11x114; reaay for building.
©OKA MOULTON AYE , NEAR DETROIT
C? — *J\J. St.; Sunnyside: 25x112:0.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
I - : 608 Market, st.
1 ©*>^nil HANDSOME HOUSK, 8 ROOMS:
— OyjVJ. ba:b, stable, carrinrt-house, flower-
• garden, yard, etc.; convenient to local ana electric
cars; across the bar ; t< al bargain ; must sell. Ad-
| dress Owner, box 84, Call Office. -
i \\ ILL BUILD COTTAGE*. HOUSES OR
: ' » flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
I on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
! amine plans. DAN KI-\STKIN, -Builder, 630
; Market st.
I * OT 25x137 6-12 AND FLATS. 4 ROOMS
iJ each, at 2919 Pine St.: almost new; worth
$4000; must be sold. Submit offer to GOLD-
j MEYKR. 1105 Mission st. ■■• -■
~zzz
j pro: FOR FITCHBURG!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THK FITCH-
. BURG,- SAN LEANDRO AND
-.;>- HAY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
; THE FIRST; IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALKIS THE PLACE. . FAST- ,
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
3»1 fHE PACIFIC COAST. >;
i DIRECT BOATS AND TRAIN 8 FROM FEP.RY.
FOOT OF MARKET- STRKET, TO
. FITCHBURG STATION* IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. .'
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruit vale trains singed
by the Fitchbur* .scorcher. . Hay wards electric
I cars from Oakland every few minutes. .
If you are tired of Ufa mid want 10 getofl'the
; earth, Rt»y where you are. People get well; be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fhch-
: burg. ; . , .
Fltcbbur^ Is the most promising suburb on the
' direct lino of up 10 da c public aid private im-
! provements in ihe vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
lni>ii> center by natural location, its railway
> lines row operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels on
; C-aklana harbor, and the excellent county mads
leading to it. are lncon estible proof <. Ittsmrtf
i larly laid out Into blocKs and os bounded b ■ wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen crovei.
NOW is THK TIMK TO BUY.
For a home while cheap;' for speculation on a
! rising market; for a turn be first for In vestment
1 now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracts in
un inaccessible bay field.
Lots 25 and 60 lee: trout by 100 to 200 feet deep
fo parallel street: double tronMge. Terms, 10 per
cent cash ; deferred payments Id easy installments-
title perfect. -
, W. F.-McCLURF., 19 Montgomery st, S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH. Fltchburg.
SAN RAFAEL LOT CHEAP. 76x130; NICEST
location In town: street worn ail done- half
price. J. K. HOC HE. San Rafael. . =
$slKOf) CO! TAG E 5 ROOMS, LO i 45x100.
• I UUlf, in. Berkeley ; SlOOdoun. $20 month,
!y; $500, lot 50x125. $20 down, *10 munthlv.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 'JO Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HuliSKs BUIL1';
.. .fL 1 . 60 to * :i7i a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
rOR SALE— ELEGANT NEW MODERN RES-
X id<-nc<'S situated on Gough Rt.. near Broadway;
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all mrdern ■ convenience:
tine view: 'good neighborhood; complete sir- et
work; these houses should be seen before pur-
chaslnc elsewhere; terms eauy^ bouses open. • ; ..■".
INGI.E.SIDK— MAGNJJ-ICENT RESIDENCE"
near racetrack, on Fiaxton and Graf ton sts.: 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern im-
provements: lot 62:0xl25;soldatagieat sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON A C"., a Valencia st. •
FOX SALE— ON FOLSOM »T.; LuT"soxl6o-
-two houses: fine stable: nice garden: orna-
mental trees; $3000. if sold in 6davs. GEORGE
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., a Valencia st.
Q^nn cash, balance same as RKNT,
*S?U\J\J for a new honse on eait »ide of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; larire lot Jsxias-
-all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.-
-! CK££££H I ?t BEST IN AMERICA-THB
I \J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
I L nited States or Canada one year tor 81 50, post-
uc free.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. '
HOUSES AND LOTS, FROM^Tisio' v
tjyj to $10000
60 ranches, all sires, from $100 10.. '.'.'.'.'..'. 16000
'JO houses, Oakland, Alamnda, $1000 t0... 80 to
■ 100 business places, all kinds, irons $50 to 4000
! WHAT.HAVE YOU TO nWfnt ' * >UUU
i I SELL AND EXCHANGE .
AH kinds of property — - -
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth. .
00-AORfi RANCH; 8-R. HOUSE; EXCHANGE
*)£> for aaloon or hotel. DECKER, 1020 m arket.
LOTS TO EXCHANGE FOR "FURNITURE
or lodging-houses: lodging-bouses to exchange
for Southern California .city.bay and ranch
I property: also limber land for exchange: list your
property with us; we can. sell or - exchange for
I you at once; we have some rare Larcalna.
UNDERWOOD A CO.. 765 Market st. *-!"*
'ANTED— FARM, 50 ACRES UP: VICINITY
Stockton to Merced: exchange for city prop-
erty; rents $43 • monthly; ■ price 85500. I. C
SCaARi-F, 20 Montgomery st. * 7"
0" RANGE OROVE, FREK AND CLEAR. TO
exchange for San Francisco dwelling, free and
clear. - Address Orange Grove, box 84, this, office.
on ACRES. Uncultivated LAND: SO
:\j\f mile* south of .Portland, Or.; exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Third, rm.' 22.
DIVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 PER CENT
per annum) for small home In Han Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61.), Safe Deposit building, s. F.
I/>OR EXCHANGE. sNKAR LOS GATOS. A
X I choice orchard home for good clear property in
Han Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298 Los
Gal os, Cal. ■■-"--. ■ ».-v .. ■ '
S~ KNDFOItOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HO VlKd
toraala.^ WOoaTKK.A WHllTu.V Ts»n Jot».
19S(» AcREs ■l-i.-iHEK U.N'H KKRN CU-
J -UU »hier; tin* for cattle-raisins. N..bx.l6.CaU
.; ... .PROPJKRTY.J, WANTED.
WANTED — SilA£LT^ySpßa : VKTr r i : Alßji
within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 616
Safe Deposit building. S. F. . , . ■ . '
WANTED. -
TV^N^eD^LtJA^roTIQ?)^
■'• lry: will pay lender 25 per cent commission.
A., box 93, Call Office. . UBIOn '
COUNTRY^ REAL^ ESTATE.
MOW ~~
x ' •• IS THK TIME ■
. TO BUY COUNTRY LANDS.
"1 Oft ACFtES NEAR THE BEAUTIFUL CITY
X\J\J of Santa Rosa, one-half in bearing French
prunes, balance wine grapes; fine ' Improvements.
On ACRES ADJOINING LAWRENCE STA-
*•« tlon ; In Sania Clara County, '- fine bearing
peaches, prunes and apricots: modern house 9
rooms; will exchange fcr i.urt, city property.
X OR 10 ACRES IN MURPHY HOMESTEAD
*J 1 ract : rrand old oak irees; best fruit soil. 125
an, acre, one-fourth cash.
1 A ACRES ON 'SAN FRANCISCO ROAD IN
X\J Santa Clara County, opposite famous Delruas
place; all conditions extra favorable. $160 an acre.
TO LEASE-160 ACRES NEAR LAWRENCE
In >anta Clara County: good house, large barn,
gushing artesian. well, adapted 10 fancy stock
raising. •- . - .. - - - , .
iO ACRES, ALL IN FINE YOUNG FRENCH
primes, near San Jose; will sell in lO^-acre
lots at ¥215 an acre. Easy terms. .
. -EAisTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
_^_ 638 Market st.
ffl>9~n/\ 20 ACRES HIGHLY IMPROVED
riP~.O\f\J. land, well located, with house, barn,
fine orchard, stock, farm Ing implements: every-
thing first class; will exchange. \ ,
THREE ni^HLY IMPROVED FARMS IN
J. Santa Cruz County: : one of 80 acres with 40
acres in orchard: another of 60 acres with 20 acres
in orchard : and another of 76 acres with 60 acres
in orchard; all clear; and we can exchange them
for.- No. 1 Oakland, 'Alataeda or San Francisco
properties. .
4Qf) ACRES OF FINE STOCK LAND NORTH
tICJU of San Francisco for $3 per acre, ca3h.
* CHOICE 8-ACRE TRACT 1 N SONOMA C 0. .!
-^\. well improved, for «120U; f 700 cash, balance
to suit.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO. .
Room 29, second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
• Cisco. • " .
MALL HOMES ON VERY EASY TERMS,
$2000: 10 acres fully Improved, near Santa
Rosa, $250.; 10 acres Napa City, 15 acres. $2500;
Napa City; all places have good improvements.
tools, etc I. C. SCHARKF, 20 Montgomery st.
{73 'GAIN— B ACRES OF LAND, WITH GOOD
• •» bouse and burn: plenty of water; is on main
county ro&9 and only 5 minutes' drive from San
Mateo railroad station. For parti' uiars address J.
Le CORNEC, Mlllbraa Store. MUlbrue. Cat -.
C»Qnn 104 ACRES lODFHUIT OR GRAIN
«irOvL7."iand, near S. P. R. R.: can all be cul-
tivated: dead , bargain. . Address F. U. \\\. 1109
Van Ness aye. .
i^ARGAIN — RANCH PLEASANTLY SITU-
-1 ■ ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
I about six miles from the town of Napa': . suitable
[ for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
trait or chicken farm: large house and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. o.
box 239, Napa, Cal. , ;
\ aSIONJCKaJ SALE.
xV 300 • acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pieasamon, Alumeda County ; I 1 2 hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. - Room 57, Chronicle buildlnz,
San Fruui i.-sco. i
NY ONE . WANTING A RANCH FOR
grating purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 328 Montgomery ss.
LITTLE HOMES, CLOSE ~TO ToWn"! JM-
proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
IT ALF SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARK
XJ. County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or aau Francisco. Address a. box 87
C:.I: Otgcfc '
MONEY TO LOAN.
©1 on (i()C\ AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
(JPIUU.UUU and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEK&Ca, 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCE.-i ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, withou; re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JtlWiiUU
b'l ORE. H-SS Market st. : open evenings..
ONKY LYING JDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEtt-
•-st per month for each S100Q; same rate see-
• ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box it. Call.
ONKY LOAN iiU ON^ JKWtLKI' AMJ
other valuables at the Eecurtty l»aa Office.
ilCbMarketsu.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Tur&
I R KCT ON YOUR FL'R.VITURK Olt PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; ro com missions: low
imerost. Km. 68. DonohuA bldg, 1170 Marie: ni.
A N V AiluU.V 1'; IST. 'iv or 3D MORTOAOK.-4:
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate la v.->
bate. JicCOLOA.V. 21 Montcomerr. room 3. ,
ITY REALTY ESTATES: ADVANCES ON
V re" ts. pianos, furniture, etc. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. ■
■pRIVATE T PARTY. LOANS ON ANY GOOD
J. security; low interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
OANS ON . FURMIURK AND PIANOS
without removal; low interest, R. 3. 21b Powell
ADVANCKSONDIAMONDS.JEW.KLKY. all}
Colombia Loan & i:o!lgtf rtMlfflw. 8 i.run: »v».
UpTno delay: IST and 2D MORT-
%S>O\J gages: Int. in estates. MURPHY.62B MrKt
SAVINGS BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. ROOM
615, Safe Deposit bnlidlug. San Francisco.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.'
MoK'./E.V BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. ■ •
1 OANS "ON ALL SECURITIES^ ROOM 1.
J J 24 Montgomery st. : ■ - .- ' - ■
PAWNBROKERS.
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on' everything. Cut Rate Loan and >e-
j cnrlty Oflice, r. 7. Hood : entrance Hoy Mitt.
i" AT 135 KhAK.\) m.. KOOJI money
• --V loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; ' low rate),
private room-: elevator: t'lPdce-t for wale cheap.
FINANCIAL. • • • ~~~
Q«1 ftft n/mTo !.()Xn^Tlo^vaB^anlcs!
iipX\'\J.\l\J\J Apply rm 2-"2. Cal.-afe nep.Bldg.
musical instiiu3iknts. -;;.-
A 4-STORY B U IL D 1 nY/ i'OBNKM of
Kearny and Sutler sts., full of piuno*: these
! Instrument!) are for sale on monthly payment* of
I C.<, Si. $5, 86. »7, $8. $9, $10, $12, Sl5. «M and
I $29 p«r month: the best of every grade from lowest
I prces to bielnwsy Baby, Parlor and Concert
I Grands: why pay rent when baiter pianos can be
I bought from us fur about same payments ? every I
, piano guarantee.); line wood-seat stool and draped {
jowr includi^l; no charge fur dravaare: pianos
kept in order.by best concert tuners. VIIERMAN, j
CLaY <fc CO., cor. Kearny and sutler sts.. also 1
Oakland, C'-al., IV.rtlami. Or., Seattle. Wash.; ateiu-
» My representatives for tne I'aciiic Coa.lt. - ,
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CAiILOAD
X lots and for cush, and being In mv own build-
ing, with 00 rent to Day. I can off any one desir-
ing an Instrument better valu« for less money than
any other music house In sun Francisco: investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY bCUTT, 626
Hayes sL ■. ■; > ; . .
"T"cruALi.Y THiS BKST BARGAINS in pr-
- V anos; see our list tor ibis week: pianos on $8,
$4. 85, $6, $7, »8. 9, $10, $15. $-.'0 monthly ; pay-
ments: tine stool and rover wl:h each; delivered I
free anywht-re in tie city and kept tuned by ex- j
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCIiU C 0.,"
salesrooms 935 Market su. opp. Mason. 
N IMMENSE STOCK OFT^EW AND bEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms end prices; remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLER A CHASE, 28
O'Farrell si., ban Francisco.
T?LEOANTUPrtIUHT PIANO; VERY CHEAP.
— S:orage Warehouse, 211 Larkin st.
IfI.NK PIANO AT LOW "RE NT. INQUIRE OF
XW. C. HAMILTON. 3J4 Post St. . ;
OROFESSOR .if' MUSIC. OBLIGED TO DIS-
• pose or a fine liardu an piano, offers it at about
half cost. Flood building, room 1-, 809 Market.
ITTCtirino FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS ATA
XV sacrliicc to promptly close out stock; Knabe.
aines and Bush A Gens. A. L. BANCROFT <&
CO.. 324 Post st. ■--■■-- . ■
LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLJ AT-REDUCED
prices, pianos to rsnt and for sale cheap at
M AC VAIS'. 769 Market St. . .
1 Af\ SJ AN~DAKD~UP RIGHT: COST »475;
'4? I*l V". on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven worth.
\\r ANTED — CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
» * right or square piano; cash. R.. box 72, Call. ■
<Si'\ Cfl> BI'RLEITwALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
ijpXOXJ. ton make piano. BBUE.N.N's, 228 Post.
.AGNIFJCENT ST KIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little nse<l:sacrltlce. 1019 Van Nesss
OOD UPItiGH IV • CHEAP ■ FOR - CA-H.
\X SCUM ITZ, 16 McAllister, next HiDernla Bank.
W. <-. »AliliEK,sOl.r. AGENT bull 11ALL.KT
' * •<& Davis and Frauds Bacon pianos. 406 -ac'tu
HICKKKIMi, KNAJKK. STKCK.VOBB. STKR-
\J ling pianos: see onr new piano ."or $187: piano*
•cr rent. isKNJ. CUKTaZ d: mi.V, lttO'Farreli.
L» V hOi'. Ai.\ Z /. V. $ ..»» i l*O.-s'l% »OHJii.i*r
Xj N^wh»" tV Kvanv *''■''?% oixl oth»r rinr.ot. .
QUfKRiOU VIOU.NS. UTUKHS, OLD&NKW
UU.MU LLER.' maker, repairer, 'J. Latham olaca. .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
■ \J WEEKLY , CALL, sent to any address In the .
United States or Canada one rear for $ 1 £0, pos6>
■ge free. - - . . . . -
. ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
'~A^vTcT^Fltt^i7rv7rKC^JL^\^™A^PßvJtT
XL *Jty; private; r no charge unless successful; all
law salts, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, eta, at-
tended to. U. W. HoWE. att'y-at-Uvr. 850 Market.
\TOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 686 PA~RnoTf
J.\ buildine: • consul latloin free: moderate fees.
INGORE & MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DViCK FRKK: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO-
cessful. W. VV. DAVIDSON, 927 Markets;. -
\\r F. ARAM. All" Y-AT-LA W,shl FARROTT
'» .bldg. Practice* i" nil courts :chargg< moderaf
.-..-. PROFESSIONAL. CARDS.
TOHN E. RICHARDS, La OFFICES."" ROOMS
O 26 and : 27, Crocker buildup; telephone Mala
75, Kan Francisco, Cal. '■ '-.';■ •
T OHM li. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O attjs at law, rus 515,516, sih floor, Parrot
; _:^ ■■^LpSV_V.__.' ...-^
OTOLEN— FSOM 11 TAYLOR ST.,ScKRTIFI-
-0 rate, gaO, No. 18,825. in favor of E. J. Lloyd.
I OST— ATLTRDA Y. 19 fH. BKT. . COR. - PINE
XJ and Jones and Maskey's. on Kearny St., s rail
open-lace lady's cold watch, vinaigrette shape,
emb:)-s^d case: flour delis pin att«> n-d. Return
to MRS. HiCHARDSON, coionlal Hotel, and re-
ceive liberal reward. - •
"I •OS I— WHITE &PITZ »r.>.v..M.; 1 j.li.u\V
*-i ears and snots; handsome reward. 306 Mason.
1 ,°w T ~ AT BALDWIN THEATER. SILVER-
ooji/ ' leU umbrella; InitiaU I. W. Return to
--'•<■ Post st. ; llbeml reward.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — pOii BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE...,
WILL BUILD COTTAGES; first CASH
'» payment $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed in Oakland to choose from; free coavey-
ance. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broad way. I ,
MY SPECIALTY IS ' ~- ~ ~
i '- L HOUSE-RENTING IN
„ '■';•■■"•-■ ■ . . OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house. .; *25
1-story modern 6-room cottage ;.. . is
tppersunuy modern 7-room flat ...... ; IB
AND SOO MullK. --:.'"
WM. M. DkWOLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
\\r KA K UIAMONDa S Y^TA^nTo^NTzTMT^H
'' yCHELLHAAH.furnitnre-dealer, 11th. OaKld
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMEHT3
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IEDA KEAL ESTATE. . .
C«9jXfk $50 CASH, f25 MONTHLY: NEW
i<P^-i*J\J. cottage of 5 rooms; large lot, bOx
125, situated close to Bay-st. station."
92750 — Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bith. now building; your terms are our).
$2500— Cottage of 6 roocn and bath: pretty
eartlen: close 10 Cheatnut-aU ■ station, narrow-
cauge railroaa; lo: 40x140; a pretty home; eaiy
terms. -. .. - v- •" . -
' special bargains In lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Siindavs and holidays- ! MARCUBE
A IILJIMEL, Bay-s:. elation (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
San Francisco offlge. 628 Market st.
& W-)ZA \ REDUCED FROM 16U00 FOR THE
'> — 'J\J. nexi 10 days only, that beautiful
new house of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
sooth side of Central near Oak si.: 'nickel-
plated plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement basement, etc; see mis: open for iuapec-
tlon. 1.. X. M.0KAY..463 Ninth St., Oakland. .
C*f*(Wl LOT 60x150; GOOD LOCATION;
<J*OUU. essv terms.
- $1300— 33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms. . . . . . . . v
$2100-50x150; house of 7 rooms nnd bath.
$5000— 5Ux150: bouse of 9 rooms and bath.
- '.-; ---'BEST LOCATION.
To exchange lor San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; centrally located.
Houses to let in all parts of A lambda; office opeu
Sundays and holidays. Atameda Laud Company.
1600 Park St.. A annnla.
rpWO FLATS, 5 ROOMS EACH: LOT 60xlV0;
1 northwest corner: streets Improved; net in-
come, *38 per mouth: pri c, $3750; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. BaIRD. real es-
tateand insurance. l»0« Park St., Alamtdit, Cal.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
rpo LET, TO RESPON^3LK^TATrTTEsT^3?
X 11-room bouse with can.ets, mantel mirrors,
curtain-poles: large garden, wi Ibe taken care of;
on Central aye.. one frock from Morion-si, station
N. G. R. R. Address A B C, box 76. thl< ofticp.
BEIZKELEY KiiAL ESTATE. .
"^7^o SUITABLE FOR A C HICK El?
W I O\J. ranch: uearlr an acre of ground right
In the center of beau. if u l Berkeley, fronting on
the railroad. Jos. J. MA&O.N, Dwiglit way station.
p ILT-EDGK BERKELEY CORNER; CHEAP:
V.T College way and Durant aye.: 50x138: fash-
ionable neighborhood; street work done. •J. P.
ROwS. 1605 Turk st. .'
( ■■< OOi> ■ HO-lliiS 1....X Kk.Ni- OR ion >*;.:■;
VJ on easy termt O. U. MAY <fc CO.. real eaia.i,
fcuildinc and loans. 212 a Center at.. Berk-lev. j.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
OR^RENTr"SEWLY FCRNISHKD COT-
tage 5 rooms, bath and garden, $20. 19 33
Berkeley way. Hast Her.c <»■'■■-.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a cer-
tain deed of trust, dalv executed by SaMUEL
HAIGH, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEL'B E. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties the second part, and the san Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
January 28th, 1893, and recorded In the office of the
county Recorder of the County of Merced, >t ate of
California. In Liber 5 of Trust Deeds, at page 186.
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27 th day of August. 1896,' by the
Board of Directors of said . SAN FRANCISCO
saving* lON, a corporation, and the holder
of tbe note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBKLL and
THADDEUs B. KENT,. trustees, to sell the real
estate described . therein . to satisfy said indebted-
ness:
We. HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that, on
TUESDAY, the -29th -day of September. A. D.
1886, at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the
auction salesroom of East on, Eldndge & Co., No.
M 8 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will soil at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United .States, the piece or parcel of
land situate in the County of Merced, Stale of Cali-
fornia .described as follows, to wit* ■, . .
Commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (SO), in township nine (») south, range
nine (*) MM, Mount Diablo basts and meridian,
and running thence west aion« the south line of
snid section thirty (30) feet to the Badger Flat
I'on'itv roa-J: thence north along, said road four
hundred and lit ty-Jonr one-thonsandtbs of a chain
(.464 di.i to the north line of said road : thence
west along said north line nineteen chains fifty
links (19 50 eh.) to the easterly line of the and ot
Hooper: thence north alon; said Hooper's east
line eighteen chains twenty - links (18.20 eh.);
thence west along said Hooper's north line ten
(.0) chains: ihe.ee south alonj* Hooper's west
line two chains sixty-six 'links (i.\6cf eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel Moreno; thence
west along said . Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
chains to the northeaster y line of the Printer
county road; thence northwest cry along said line
of said road to the midsec.lon line running north
and south through said section thirty-six (30):
thence north along said mldsection line to the
north line of said section; thence east along said
north line to the northeast corner of said section-
and thence south along the t sun. line thereof to the
point of commencement*
1 Bint a portion of toe east half (E. y 2 ) of said
section thtrlv-Blx (36), In township nine (s>) south,
ran nine (9) east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridi*:i. and containing two hundred and seventy-
two c_7 J) acres of land more or less. : .
Together with tee appurtenances.
1 Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the tall of the hammer; balance 00 delivery ot
deed; and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ■
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ■»__._
THADDKUs B. XX.v [ Trustees.
BittTHS —^BARttIAGES — I»EAiiI3L
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They mus~ be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same published, j
BOKX.
BERTELSEN— In this city. September 21, 1893,
10 the wife of J. P. Bertesen. a son.
BOSS£LLE-In Sacramento, September 18, 1898,
to the . wife of L. M. Boiselle (formerly Lillian
Prevost of San Francisco), a daughter.
DUFF— In this cltv, . September 15, 1893, to the
wife of J. P. Duff, a son. "
MULLKR-Scp:ember 10. 1898, to the wife of Carl
' Muher, a son.
RUILE— In this city, September 10. 1896, to the
I wife of 11. L. Ruile. a daughter. |
STEINH vRT-Id this City, September 19,1896,
x 10 the wife of M. .-Sceinhar:, a son.
WALSH -In this city, September 16, 1896, lo
the wife of M. J. Walsh, a daughter.
'"1 3IAKKIEJD. .
ISAACS— M ALONE Y— In" Sausa'ito. September
13, 1896, br the Rev. Father Valentlnl I. L.
Isaac < and A. T. MaloDey. both of Sao Francisco.
NEWBERQ— BALK— In this city, September 19,
1-96, by the Rev. J. H. Bchroeder.^Tohn New-
ben; and Emille Balk. '-. ;
DIED.
Baker, Turpin A. Murphy. James -
Burrow*, Warren H. ' Paviiiior. Marie B.
Barry. Mrs. Nancy L. - ; Peyre. Jean '
Brook. Clark ; . . Pracy. George T. 1 -
Carlson. Ellen ; Ros*. Herbert
Dny. Elizabeth A. . SbaSner, Ann M.
. Dockery, Jane .• ■•' whoebrid;e,- Walter A.
DoUard, William E. Bhort. Peter A. "
llagerup. Helena . Teache, Ivar
Hurley. Nora A. Thorpe, Albert
Lnndiiotm, Loretta. Wai!, Charles H. - -
, Marlines, Louis • - ; Weber, Henry
Miller, Albert P. L. Wlckes, Rev. J. E.
r" Winton, N. W.
BA P. t- In Oakland. September 21, 1898, Tar-
pin A. BaKer. a native of Rhode Island, aged -63
! years. I Providence (R. I.) panera Dlease copy.]
a<id ACQuaiotanc»s are • respeco- •
f»!l.v Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRO;V
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. *.. from the par-
lor of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth ' street,
Oakland. Iniermen: Mountain View Curnoterv.
RROWa-Ia this City, September : 21.-, 1896,
Warren Harmon Barrows, youngest son of W. H.
i and Carrie Barrows, a ha ive or San Francisco,
aged 4 years and 8 months.
• . ' O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from the re si-
f dence of his parents. 1420 Hayes street, inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARRY— In Oakland, September 19. 1898. Mrs.
Nancy Lnurintia Barry, mother of Mrs- S. S.
Morn-), a native of Wisconsin, aged 74 years 9
months ana 24 days. -■ ■
BROOK— North Berkeley, September 21, 1896,
■Clark, husband of June R. Brook, a native of
Ohio, aged 71 yean.
CAKLSON— In this cUy. September 21. 1893.
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Carl Canon, and
mother of John, George. James and Jar! Carlson,
a native of Boston, Mas?., aged 41 yeers.
Friends an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clocK a. m., from her late
" r«'sicle.i<e. 522 Twenty-flrst street, near Illinois,
thence to St. : Teresa's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAY— In Oakland. September 21. 1898. Elizabeth
A., beloved wife of Charles Day. daughter of'
James Clark, and sister of Nora. Mamie, Josie,
Walter and W. J. Ci ark, a native of Sonora.
I Tuolamne County, Cal., aged -5 years 8 months
■ and 21 days.  .... . .• ; . . ....
A3~Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at B:3oo'clccis a. it., from berlat*
late residence. 991 Fifth street, thence to tne
Church of 'he Immaculate Conception, where a
• solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. ic
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
,DOCKERY-In Vallejo, September 2l, 1898, Jane,
-dearly beloved wife of James Dockery, mother
of Rev. H. G., James P. an 1 Margaret Teresa
DotKery and Mrs. Charles Rodecker. and sister
of the late Mrs. B. .Lee and Elizabeth Kinlau,
& native of County Meath. Ireland, aged 64
years. - ' , ■ ':: -....■ : , •■•
*•" Friend* , and acquaintanoea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), ■at > ' » > o'clock a. m.. from St.
: Vincent's church, where a requiem mass will be
offered for the repuse of her soul.
DOLLARD— In this city, September 20, lß96,Wil-
liam E.. beloved husband of Martha A. Doi:ard,
. and father of William C. and Eugene C. DoUard,
a native of Warren, Ohio, aged Hi years 7
months and 15 days.
£3" Friends and acqplantances are respect-
full v Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 61 Tehama street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. # • •
HAGERUP— In this city, September 21. 189«.
Helene, beloved wife of F. ■ C. ■ Hagerup,' and
mother of Frida Hacerurj and Mrs. Joseph Open-
shaw, a native of Dresden, Germany, aged 47
.years 6 months and 11 days. ' •
a^Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tin. funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), from Einiracht Hall, Twelfth
street, where funeral services will b? held at 9
o'clock p. it: Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dlerks, 957 Mission siren;. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HUH LEY— In this city. September 2!, Im9«.
Nora > A., dearly belayed daughter of the late
John and Hanorab ilnriey, and sister of Ttiomaa,
. Patrick. Jerry. Timothy, Hanorili I and Kmma
Hurley and Mrs. Thomas W hearty, a native of
.-en rancls :o. aged 28 yean and 9 months. - 1
. Friend* are respevifaily invited to auenl
the funeral TO- Rlt > v.V (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m.. from the residence or her sister,
• 312 t Cortland avenue, . near Mission road.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. L. L — Y. L. r. No. I.— Sisters: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral ot our deceased
sister, Miss Norn Hurley, from Cor:land
avenue, TO-MORROW (Wednesday). By order
of KATIE DRISCOLL. President.'
LUNDHOLM— In this city. September 21,1896.
• Loretta. beloved daugh.er of John and Nellie
." Lundholm (nee Cnas), a native of San Fran-
f Cisco, a?ed 3 months. ■ -
; lOT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from th»
residence of the parents, corner RaKer and Beach
street. Harbor View, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ... . , .
MARTINEZ- la the Cltv and County Hospital.
September 21, 1896, Louis Martinez, aged 28
years. . . ...
MILLER— Alameda, September 21. 1893,
Albert P. L. Miller, b'-lovp<i father Of W. A. L.,
Alfred 11.. Annie L7and Charles M. Miller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 79 years and '& months.
JEVFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
. fnliv Invttea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock a.m., from his
late -residence,' Bol >an;a Clara avenue, Alame-
da. Interment private. I. O. O. F. Cemetery, Baa
Francisco. Please omit flowers.
MURPHY— In this city. September 21. 1833. at
his residence, 18">7 Minna street, James Mur-
phy, beloved husband of Johanna Murphy,
father of Johanna, John and Nicholas Murphy,
ana brother of John, Michel. Thomas and the
late Patrick Murphy, a native of Toormoor, par*
iah of Byrnecourt, County Tlpperary, Ireland.
.A mr nicer Noe Valley Lod*e. A. O. U. W.
*#-"NoJce of funeral hereafter.
PAVILLIER— In Golden Gate, Cal.. September
19, 1898. Marie Bastlde Paviliier, beloved
mother of Rente Perrier, and grandmother of
Lucien Perrier, a native of Billom, France. ,
JSirFfiends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully mv tea to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co. 12- Eddy street.,
. theiicg 10 the Church of Notre Dame Vlc-
. . toires, ob Bush street, near Stockton, where a
requiem high mass will bo celebrate! for the re-
pose of ' her soul, commencing -at 10 o'clock;
a. v. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. :
PEYRE— In this city, September 20. 1896, Jean
' Peyre,' beloved husband of Leon tine, and father
of kiui.'ie Alice Peyre, a native of France,
a;ed 40 rears.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from his
■ late residence, 10 Elgin Park, thence to L O. O.
F. Hall, corn?r ; Market and seventh streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cc me tor 7. . J.i -.; , ~-- v; '"■ -
PRACY— In this city, September 20,1893, Georze
Thomas, beloved husband of Julia Pracy, a na-
tive of England, »«ej 82 years. . ' . - .
aS~Th(i funeral will take olace THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at '2 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence, 10.17 Church street, between '1 wenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third. Interment private.
ROS-?— ln '.his city, September 16, 1896, Herbert,
- beloved husband of Bella Ross, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, agei 82 years 10 months and 11
till VS.
&7*Friend* ' and acquaintance? are - respest-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gr/e Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission ' street, near. Tweniy-flrst. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BHAFFNKR— In Oakland, September 20, 1896,
Ann M. Sbaffner, mother ot Mrs. William D.
English, a native of Maryland, aged 86 years
11 months and 28 days. [St. Louis and Balti-
more papers please copy.j
JB3~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, ; itS Tenth street, ■ Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers. -
SHOEBRIDGE— In Oakland, 6>eptemDer2l,lB96,
Walter A., only and oeloved son of Mrs. F. Shoe-
bridge, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Reno, Mrs. William Harmwell, Mrs. Ed
Murphy and Nellie and Lottie Shoebridge, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11 months
and 1 day.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful./ invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. St.. from the real-
dence of his sister, Mrs. L. Harmwell, 833 Mis-
sissippi street, between Solano and Butte, Po-
trero. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHORT— this city, September 20. 1896, Peter
A., dearly beloved husband of Theresa Short and
father of Tessie, Gertrude. Mabel and 'Rometts
Short and son o' the late Michael Short,- a native
ot Melbourne, Australia, aged 34 years 2 months
and 17 days. ' ■ '. ' •• :.• ■".
Jty Friends * and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. ic, from his late
residence. 26 Sheridan street, between Ninth
and Tenth, Folsom and Harrison, interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TESCHE— In this city. September 21, 1895, Ivar
■ Te.iche, - beloved husband ot Amanda Teeche,
' a native of Sweden, aged 31 years 6 months and
24 days.
THORPE -In this city, September 20, 1898.
I Albert Thorpe, a native of California, aged 32
years. . - - ..-» : . ■ ■ ". , ■ ....'•, .: -
WALL— In Alameda, September 20, 1896, Charles
H. Wall, a native of Wisconsin, aged 40 years
10 months and 18 days.
jJ3" Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock m. sharp, from his late
residence. 1718 Arbor s.reec. Interment Re-
ceiving- vault. Masonic Cemetery, San Francisco,
via 1 o'clock p. m. creek boat. -
WEBER-In this ' city, *> September ; 20, : 1896,
„ Henry, beloved husband of Louisa Weber and ■
father of Henry Weber. Mrs. Henry Doscher,
Mrs. H. Jaeobsan and Mrs. T. Hlppen, a native
of Hanover, oermanv, aged 69 years.
SfST Friends and acquaintances and members of
- Walballa Encampment No. 7, 1. O. O. P., are re-
spec-, fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS
DAY (Tues<l«iv). at 1 o'clock p.m.. from his late
■ residence, 118 D Juniper street, off Harrison, be-
tween Tenth and : Eleventh, taence m Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, where ;he funeral service] will be
held, under the ausp cc* of Coucordia Lodge No."
122, 1. O. O. F.. a: 2 o'clock p. m. Interment L
■ O. O. F. Cemetery, . . -.
WICKES— In Uklon, Mendoclno County, Cal.,
September -0, 1898, Rev. J. E. Wicitea, aged 67
years. .'■ •
terThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), in . Watson Kan ta Cruz County.
WINTON— In Oakland.', September 21, 1896, N.
; W. Win on. a*ed 67 yearn. -■•■"■■
tS" Notice or funeral hereafter
I (VtcAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL UIEKCTORS & EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone SOBO. \ "
Ja». McMe>-ouky7^""T~ Chas. McMkxoxkt.l
= JAMES MteMEVOIOn & SOX, 1
UNJJKKTAKJSRS AND KMBALMJERS.I
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh. I
... Telephone SUM. / I
JAS. . ENGLISH. ; T. R.CAREW
GAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKEP3 AND EMBALMEK*
" FUNERAL I>IKECTOKS, *
19 Van Ness aye.; near Market su. Saa is'ranclsco
Telephone .'so. 156. |
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CE ME-
• tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-'
elusive: location unexcelled. Office VV7 iiwiMJ
j street, southeast corner ot SUtb.
1314
THE "EXAMINER" AND ITS
SILVER FIGHT.
Blundering Inconsistencies Exposed by
Its Own Contradictions.
Mr. Hearst Was Formerly Opposed to the Policy for
Which He Is Now So Loudly
Vociferating.
Quite a number of patriotic and thoughtful persons, who have chanced to casually
elance at the San Francisco Examiner during the past two years, having had their at
tention drawn to it by reason of its erratic freaks and fakes, have been greatly amused
lately by its vehement support of Altgeld and Bryan, its advocacy of Bryanism, and
its defense of the course taken in the Chicago convention.
It will be still more amusing to such persons as have occasionally glanced at the
columns of the paper which maintains what it calls a "freak" editor to learn that
there are many freaks which that journal does not class as such, which, nevertheless,
creep into its editorial columns from time to time with the solemnity of sober earnest.
It is interesting, in view of the Examiner's wild and unqualified indorsement of the
money plank of the Chicago platform, to read its views of a little more than a year
ago, when it spoke in calmer tones than now, and before it had grown garrulous over
"the Boy Orator of the Platte."
The journal that now advocates free silver as a panacea for every economic ill had
occasion to answer a correspondent, who inquired for wisdom on silver, in its issue of
June 27, 1895. The correspondent asked : "Would it be possible that the free coinage
of silver could hurt oar trade with nations that have the gold standard?" The Exam
iner's reply, printed in the editorial columns, was as follows:
EXAMINER AGAINST FREE COINAGE.
The free coinage of silver under proper international agreement -would help
our trade with all the world, but free coinage by this country alone, unless It suc
ceeded in bringing both metals to a parity, which would hardly be possible,
would certainly injure our commerce with countries having tho gold standard.
We see the same effect now in countries that are on a silver basis. The fluctua
tions in the price of silver so disturb international exchange a« to make trade be
tween gold and sliver using countries partake of the nature of a gamble. All the
profits of a transHCtion may be wiped out by a change la the silver market, or, on
the other hand, they may he doubled. This is a discouragement to legitimate
commerce and tends to put trade in the hands of speculators.
Having shown how the policy it now advocates would ruin the country the paper
which makes freaks its chief feature discoursed on the consequent evils of free silver as
follows :
To abandon the sale of our products abroad would mean a revolution in our
domestic Industries, with much suffering while the readjustment was going on.
And as we owe large amounts to foreigners we should either have to keep sending
on goods enough to pay interest or should have to drain the country of all its
precious metals. Last year our exports of merchandise exceeded our Imports by
over 5237. 000.000, and if we had not the foreign trade ail this would have to be
sent out in specie.
On June 26, 1895, the Examiner congratulates Chairman Gould for his manly
stand in refusing to call a meeting of the State Central Committee of the Democratic
party to declare in favor of silver, and adds :
Business is reviving, factories are working on good time, wages are going up,
farm products are bringing better prices and new enterprises are being daily
launched.
Speaking of Mitchell's free-silver ideas in the issue of the 28th, the Examiner says:
Even such eccentric views as Mr. Mitchell's ought not to be deprived of
whatever benefit they coutd gain from good manners.
The "eccentric" ideas of Mr. Mitchell have since been incorporated into the Demo
cratic platform, made the Shibboleth of Bryan and indorsed by the Examiner, which
commends the Altgeld programme as the acme of American patriotism. Here is what
the Examiner said of Governor Altgela, Bryan's right Dower, in its issue of June 7
1895:
The free silver movement in Illinois has not been helped by its identifica
tion with Governor Altgeld. The recent lynching of the perpetrators of a felo
nious assault because the lynchers were afraid Alteeld would pardon the crim
inals has brought into renewed prominence the erratic twist of the Governor's
mind, which makes him distrusted and feared by every friend of order and
good government.
Having predicted failure for any "wild attempt' on the part of the United States
to coin silver at 16 to 1 unaided, the Examiner of June 4, 1895, burst forth in the fol
lowing prediction of bankruptcy and disaster:
The attempt of the United States to establish the bimetallic ratio of 16 to 1
throughout the world would, in case of failure, bring us to a silver basis and
cause the greatest financial crash we have ever known.
On June 28, 1895, it recognized silver as being a Populist craze unworthy of seri
ous attention, and said:
A dangerous growth in the Populist vote would encourage the sliver men to
new efforts, while the maintenance ot Democratic strength would be taken by
the politicians as an indication that free silver could be safely dropped
The files of the Examiner foralon<r period show conclusively its antagonism to
the free and unlimited coinage of silver, while its twin, the New York Journal, de
nounced Bryan's plans and the Democratic platform so late as the week following the
promulgation of the Chicago platform and the nomination ot the "boy orator" amid
scenes of unexampled revelry and political hallucinations.
HE WAS HELD UP
AND SEARCHED
The Experience of Morris
Newton With a
Policeman.
RESCUED BY A FRIEND
The Zealous Officer Detained
Him as a Suspicious
Character.
A LOVELY FLORAL OFFERING
The Trouble It Made for the Wealthy
Owner of Moscow Cottage in
Sonoma County.
While there is a theory current that oft
times the police officer is scarce, some
times the opposite is found to be true.
This is an impression indelibly settled
on t c mind of Morris Newton, the
wealthy merchant at Pine and Front
streets and the owner of Moscow Cottage,
one of the loveliest summer homes in
Sonomsi Conntv.
HEW TO-DAY.
Wokkk and Womek Onx,T are most com-
petent to fully appreciate the parity, sweet-
ness, and delicacy of CtrrictraA Soap, and
to discover new nse* for it daily. To cleanse,
purify, and beautify the skin, to allay itch-
iug and_ irritation, to heal cbafiogs, excoria-
tions, and ulcerative weaknesses, nothing ao
pure, so sweet, bo speedily effective as warm
baths with Cuticdra Soap, followed, when
necessary, by mild applications of Cuticoba
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Sold ihroezhnnt the world. Price, Cimctiw, sr»e.|
boap. iSc.; Kbsoi.tint, 50c., md $1. Pott«« Deuu
Aki. Cue*. Corp., Sole Proprietor*, Bocton.
Bar " How to Product Luxuriant Hair." maDed free.
Mr. Newton is of a very nervous tem
perament and is excitable. His station
in life, quiet habits, family and social rela
tions are such that he has never felt the
heavy hand of the law on his shoulder
until Sunday night last, and the new ex
perience has well nigh unstrung him.
He spent all of Sunday at his country
home, where, in his vast garden, lie culled
an immense basKet of fragrant flowers for
presentation to bis sister-in-law, Mrs.
Thomas Morffew, on this side of the bay.
As night fell Mr. Newton, wearine a wide
rowboy biack Bombrero and carrying his
floral offerine, started for this City, which
be reached shortly after 8 o'clock.'
Anticipating the pleasant surprise he
was about to give his relation he silently
stole along the street near Gough hoping
to suddenly enter the house at 1725 Pine
street and astonish everybody with his
presence.
But the policeman, a burly fellow with
misdirected detective proclivities, was on
his tracK. He had followed Mr. Newton
for some time, and his bewbiskered face
under the shade of the broad batdid much
to make the officer believe that there was
something wrong about the man;
"Stop there!" shouted the policeman
rushing up to the flower bearer, who was
stealthily trying to enter the house.
Newton looked back, but continued to
move on — actions calculated to excite the
suspicion of a true guardian of the peace.
He therefore pressed the pace and with
club on high seized Mr. Newton by the
collar and held him against the wall.
"What have y>u got in that basket?" he
asked in an authoritative tone.
"None of your business," was the first
answer tnat came to Mr. Newton's mind,
but he modified it by saying, "Flower.-.' 5
"Flowers; are they?" suspiciously
asked the officer. "Where did you get
them ?" And he reached to investigate.
Newton drew away as ho said: "I
brought them from my home at Moscow
Cottage."
That settled it in the mind of the police
man. Of Moscow Cottage he knew noth
ing, but his knowledge of geography
located Moscow somewhere in Russia, a
place so distant and so prolific of nihilists
and so devoid of flowers that the man
under detention must be worthy of fur
ther investigation.
At this juncture Dr. Thomas Morffew,
ex-presiiient of the State Dental Associa
tion, brot er-in-law of Morris Newton
hove in sight on his way home. He saw'
that a struggle way going on in front of
his house and Newton recognized him.
"Tom, Tom ! For heaven's sake come
here, this man takes me for a burglar!"
shouted Newton.
Dr. Morffew approached his relative and
identified him, avoiding thereby any
furt er melee. The officer continued on
his beat, a rather discomfited man, wnile
Morris Newton went inside to nurse a
bruise or two.
Last night Dr. Thomas MorHew, who
was seen by a Call reporter, said :
"I don't blame the policeman a bit.
Newton loosed like a burglar under that
hat and the officer had every right to over
haul him. If all suspicious-looking indi
viduals were siopped as Newton was and
made to explain their actions at in this
case honest people would stand a better
chance."
It is proposed to sen.i forty thousand
unmarried women from Eastern Canada
to British Columbia for the purpose of
supplying the demand for wives. The
same thing was done once by France lor
the benefit of the preponderant bachelors
of Eastern Canada, and the results were
entirely satisfactory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1896.
MRS. HERMAN OELRICHS Explaining to Mr. Deimas Why She Thought the Pencil Witt
Was Genuine and Why She Changed Her Mind About It.
WHY MRS, OELRICHS
CHANGED HER MIND
Says She Does Not Think
the Craven Deeds Are
Genuine.
AND THAT EXPLAINED IT
Birdie Fair Will Also Tell To-
Day Why She Changed
Front.
BUSY DAY IN THE BIG CASE.
Deimas & Shortridg* Dismiss the
Craven Suits as Against All But
the Three Children.
Mrs. Theresa Alice Oelrichs, very pale,
complaining of a raging headache, a little
awed by the occasion, too, but still wear
ing a look of determination that charac-
terizes her, sat for nearly two hours yes
terday afternoon at the other side of a
narrow table from D. M. Deimas, answer
ing and refusing to answer and sometimes
evading the answer to a chain of very per
tinent questions respecting herself and her
sister and her brother and her father and
her father's wills.
Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair and
Reuben Lloyd and Charles 8. Wheeler
and Russell Wilson, their counsel, arrived
on time and spent the waiting half hour
quite pleasantly.
Before the proceedings began, however,
the ladies and the lawyers were all served
with notice of the new move made by
Deimas and Shortridge on the part of Mrs.
Craven. It was a dismissal of the suits of
Mrs. Craven apainst Charles L. Fair and
others to recover possession of the Mission
street property, and of the suits against
Theresa A. Oelrichs and others lor the re
covery of the Sansome-street property —
that is to say they were dismissed as to all
the defendants except the neirs. The
ground upon which this was done is the de
cision of Judge Slack annming the trust
clause in the will of the 21st. Under that
will the title to the property would have
passed to trustees.
The court having decided the trust
clause void it is held that the title goes
immediately to the children, and so the
suit was dismissed with regard to the
others. An affidavit was made by Mr.
Deimas setting forth that Mrs. Cvlricbs
and Miss Fair were necessary witnesses
for plaintiff, and notice was served that
depositions would be taken regarding the
validity of the deeds at 10 o'clock next
Monday morning before Notary Phillips.
As stated botb the ladies and the lawyers
were served, and Knight & Heggerty ac
cepted service for Charies L. Fair.
The witness in answer to questions
stated that her name was Theresa Alice
Oelrichs, her residence Fifth avenue, New
York, her husband's name Herman Oei
richs, and that she was married June 3,
1890, she thought— yes, she was pretty sure
it was 1890.
Continuing she said:
"I am the mother of one of the contest
ants; he was born in New York November
2, 1892; be still resides therewith me; I
am the eldest dauubter oi the late Senator
James G. Fair; I was boru in Virginia
Cty, Nev. ; I came to this City when 13
years of age; I resided here until my
marriage, when I removed to New York,
where my husband resided; the last time
I saw my father alive was in the latter
part of Novemb-r, 1895; I am not sure of
tliedate; I was visiting here at the time;
I had visited the Stute once and perhaps
twice between that time and 1890; I came
here immediately upon hearing of my
father's death; I remained here until the
latter part of May, ana went from here to
Newport, R. 1., remaining there about
three months; I sailed the Bth of last
April for Europe; visited London and
Paris returning i went to New York,
where 1 remained one day, going thence
to Newport again and returned to New
York, remaining until two weeks ago,
when I came here."
"When in this City after your father's
death did you see a document purportine
to be the last will of your father? I re
fer to a paper dated September 24, 1895,
written in lead pencil."
"I did, in Mr. Lloyd's office, on the 16th
of March. Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wheeler, my
sister, my husband and Mr. Dey were
present. I don't think I saw the docu
ment afterward. That was the only time
I ever saw it, there in Mr. Lloyd's office.
My brother, Charles L. Fair, was not pres
ent at the interview. 1 do not know where
he was at the time."
"Did you on the 18tb of March or there
abouts sign a petition to tne court asking
for the probate of that document?"
"I believe we did; yes, sir."
"Who suggested that you sign it, or how
did you come to sign it?"
"We thought best to sign it at that
time. We thought it was the genuine
will?"
"What made you think so?"
"We thought it was my father's hand
writing."
"Had you ever seen your father write?"
"Many times?"
"y;ou had received letters from your
father?"
"Yes, sir."
"Before sicnine the petition did any one
advise you to do so?"
"Yes; my legal adviser and my friends
advised me to — to use my own judgment."
"And did you use your own judgment?"
"To a certain tuent."
"On what else besides your own judg
ment did you rely ?"
"Upon the advice of iriends'"
"You acted upon their advice?"
"I signed it; consequently I must have
acted upon it."
"You signed it pursuant to the advice
of friends?"
"I dor:'t know what you mean ?"
"Will the reporter read the question?"
The reporter did so, and Mr. Deimas
changed the question, saying that perhaps
the witness did not understand the word
pursuant.
"Was there any consultation between
yourself and your sister and your brother
on the subject?'
"I don't remember; I knew what my
sister was to do ; I knew nothing as to my
brother."
"Did you know that your brother had
already signed it?"
"I don't remember."
"When did you learn that Judge Van R.
Paterson had been appointed guardian of
your child? '
"I don't remember the date. It was
after we reached home; we learned about
it through our attorneys."
"Did you make examination of the
pencil will and sufficiently satisfy your
self of its genuineness as to warrant you
in petitioning the court for its probate?"
"It was difficult to examine it ; it was in
a glass case. I did examine it, however,
and thought it was my father's will."
"What caused you to change your view
of the matter?"
"Weil, since we first saw the will cir
cumstances have changed. Numerous
things have come to our notice that we did
not know of before and changed our
belief in the matter."
"Will you please tell us what circum
stances have changed?"
"Well, one of the witnesses has produced
a deed, which she claims my father gave
her, to the 6an>ome-st reet property and at
the Mission, and 1 am quite sure, know
ing my father as I did, that he never gave
any one anything, let alone such valu
able property as ttiat. Then within the
past few days we have heard of a party
who is wiling to testify that he saw the
will written, the first few lines of it, any
how. These circumstances and other
things have made me come to the conclu
sion that everything that has been pro
duced is a forgery."
"When did you learn of the party you
speak of?"
"About a week ago."
"From whom?"
"I decline to state."
"What is the party's name?"
"I do not know."
"Where does he live?"
"1 never heard that he lived anywhere."
"Did you yourself seek to communicate
with this party ;"
"I did not."
"Was it not your brother who informed
you of the existence of thia party?"
"I decline to state."
"Was it Mr. Knight or Mr. Heggerty?"
"It was not."
"Was it Mr. Dey?"
"No, sir."
"Was it not your brother?"
"I decline to state."
"What did your brother say to you on
this subject?'
"Nothing particular. Ido not remem
ber."
"What did he pay at this interview?"
"What interview?"
"The interview whereat this subject was
mentioned."
"Nothing particular."
"Have you stated all the circumstances
that have caused you to change your mind
on this matter of :he genuineness of this
will of September 24."
"I have not stated all of them, no; but
I decline to state any more."
"Have you examined the deeds that you
referred to?"
"I have seen the photoeraphic copies.
The writing does not look at all like my
fa hers?" *
• How long did you remain of the belief
that the will of September 24 was gen
uine?" 6
"Until three or four months ago, when
the other documents were produced. I
beard numerous circumstances then and
since then that caused me to change mv
mind.
"Were you advised that until Thursday
of last week your attorneys were in court
C ?n t o" g for tne genuineness of this
"We were advised of the proceedings of
m a £ lo , rne ys. but I have not been person
ally following the matter; my husband
was attending to the matter."
The witness admitted being a reader of
the San Francisco papers and following
the proceedings in that way.
Mr. Deimas read excerpts from printed
reports of proceedings in court, as follows:
tn 'V M J; °/ Ticha h «-d done what I conceived
I a <%, JBJ B dvt y." retorted Mr. Paterson, "if he
had filed a contest of the pencil will, i would
not interfere with his management of his son."
The witness said she had not seen it.
Then Mr. Deimas read again— an expres
sion from Mr. Lloyd:
The will of September 24 \va3£ubmiUedt9
Mrs. Oelrichg, to her sister . and to all- inter
ested, and they . all • concurred that it was Id
Mr. Fair's writing and is his wilL Believing
Jr. 'Ji a Mr> Oelricbs does, he does not •■ believe
It is his duty to contest ■ the will. . He has ex
amined the surroundings and docs not believe
it necessary to file a contest. -*~
She said she hat not seen it, nor had she
heard of the expression.
An adjournment was here taken until
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Arguments on the motion to require W.
S. Goodfellow to produce in court several
wills alleged to have been made by James
O. Fair were to have been heard by Judge
SlacK yesterday. The matter was, how
ever, postponed until September 26, by re
vest of Mr. McEnerney.
STOLE ELECTION
OFFICERS' DEMANDS
James E. Barry Captured
With a Forged
Warrant.
THREE OTHERS CASHED.
Thieves Made a Heavy Haul in
the Registrar's Office
Yesterday.
SOME CLERK WAS CARELESS.
The Stolen Papers Realized On Be
fore the Theft Was Dis
covered.
A clever thief or thieves succeeded in
purloining five warrants calling for $200
from the Registrar's office yesterday and
in cashing three of the demands, aggre
gating $120, before their loss was noticed.
Deputy Registrar Peter McGlade ia the
man on whom the responsibility of the
loss rests, for he has charge of the office
and is expected to be on band there at all
tiroes. The first intimation that any
thing was wrong came when some one
came and called for his warrant. It was
then noticed that the small remaining
bundle of election officers' warrants was
missing and the chief deputy at once hur
ried to the treasury to stop payment on
the missing documents if possible.
To his chagrin be learned that the war
rants of W. R. Plumb, M. Grady and
H. A. Yon den Nunberg calling for $40
each, had been forged and cashed. While
McGlade was standing in the Treasury
asking about the missing papers a man
came in and presented one of the war
rants, to whichthe name of M. McKenzie,
the owner, had been forged.
On seeing the chief denuty he dropped
the warrant and ran oat into the corriaor.
McGlade folJowd, and fortunately saw
Policeman H. J. Wright pa^sin and
a^ked him to place the man under arrest,
which was done. On being taken to the City
Prison and charged with forgery he gave
the name of James E. Barry and said he
was a shoemaker living at 361 Clementina
street. He said that the warrant liad been
given him as a present by a man who said
he owned it and that he did not know it
was forged. He could not explain why he
ran when he saw the chief deputy* nor
would he give the name of his generous
friend. The officials of the Registrar's
office do not believe that Barry stole the
warrant, but that it was purioined with
the others by some one wno gave the
papers to different persons to cash after
forging the names. This person Is being
searched for. There is still one warrant
missing, made out in the name of M.
O'Brien. McKenzie, whose warrant aided
in Barry's detection, served as an officer
in the thirteenth precinct of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District.
Registrar tlinton said last evening that
he was not in the office during the hours
when the papers were stolen, but that it
must have been done during the after
noon. He thought som* clerk after looking
through the only remaining bundle of
warrants must have laid it on the counter
for an instant and attended to some other
duty, and during thai time t c warrants
were stolen. All of the other papers were
not taken, the demand for the .rent of the
registration place being left.
Barry claimed that it would be found it
was all a mis-take and that the demand
warrant was at; right.
WANTS cl MOiiLY NOW.
John M. Cavariy Jr. Seeks to Terminate
His Father's Will Trust
Another action has been brought to
terminate a trust made by will. This
time it is the testament of John M. Cav
ariy that is attacked.
Mr. C.ivarly died about a year ago,
leaving property valued at $87,543 41,
$37,210 of which is in real estate. By the
terms of his will be bequeathed the prop
erty to the Union Trust Company in trust
for his five children. The trust was to
continue until Frank B. Cavariy, the
youngest of the heirs, shoul i attain the
age of 30, or, in the event of bis death,
until he would have reached that age. It
was also provided that in case of the death
of any of the legatees hie suare should go
to any issue be might leave.
Yesterday John M. Cavariy Jr. peti
tioned the Probate Court for partial dis
tribution of the estate, alleging that the
trust created was void in its inception.
He asks that a fifth of the value of the
personal property be at once delivered to
Dim and that his share of the real estate
follow as soon as the estate is settled.
A species of frog Id Borneo has very
long toes, and these are webbed to the tip.
It can leap from a tree, spread its toes
and is thus supplied with four little para
chutes, which enable it to easily descend.
For this reason it is called "the flying
frog."
EVERGLADES OR
THE PRESIDIO?
Enlisted Men of the Fifth
Artillery May Go There
or Stay Here.
ELECTION IN PROGRESS
One-Fourth of the Regiment
May Elect to Remain in
San Francisco.
CFFICERS MUST GO SOUTH.
Belief That Petticoat Influences in
Society Caused the Order of
Transfer.
The Presidio is in a state of turmoil and
agitation. It will be cause for special
wonder if the Fifth Artillery is not prac
tically disorganized. The only topic of
talk at the post is the order transferring
the regiment to Florida. A new element
of confusion is introduced by the supple
mental orders received Sunday and an
nounced yesterday to the troops. The
orders provide "that all enlisted men of
the Fifth Artillery who desire to remain
at their present station will be permitted
to do so and be transferred to batteries to
arrive. All enlisted men of the Fifth Ar
tillery who have six months or less to
serve, and who do not intend to re-enlist,
will be left at their present stations for
transfer to organizations to arrive."
Under this ruling an election to remain
or leave is practically in progress. Yes
terday the men all along the line cau
cused and discussed the question. It is
common report that all men who en
listed on this coast will elect to go to
Florida for the reason that at the expira
tion cf the period of enlistment tney will
receive from the Government a consider
able sum of money as an allowance for
transportation to the place where they
enlisted. For like reasons men who en
listed in the East will stay here to get
the transportation allowance back to their
Eastern homes. The operation of the
rule will take most of the registered voters
away from this City before the election.
Already twelve men of Battery E and at
least fifteen of Battery L have'elected to
remain at the Presidio. Several days'
time will be allowed to make a choice.
Among Californians who have enlisted in
the Fifth Artillery there is a strong desire
to go East aud the order of transfer gives
them pleasure, but when they hear com
rades wno have served at Key West talk
of yellow fever ravages they hesitate about
rendering a decision.
Service at St. Augustine awakens pleas
ant memories among soldiers who have
been there, but the men realize that only
two batteries can be stationed at that post.
If tne two batteries to be placed there were
now designated the men could vote intel
ligently, Dut the assignment is to be made
by General Ruger commanding the de
partment of the East, so General Granam
himself cannot now say which batteries
will be sent there.
According to the indications at the Pre
sidio last nig t one would infer that at
least one-fourth of tue regiment will re
main here and be transferred to batteries
of the Third.
In point of discipline and soldierly qual
ifications the Filth Artillery is not sur
passed. It is familiar with the armament
of San Francisco harbor. What the regi
ment will be or what San Francisco will
get in the way of a garrison, when the
authorities at Washington have carried
out the scheme to save the First from
Southern duty, is a matter of conjecture.
The suspicion has deepened into belief
that important facts have been withheld
from the Secretary of War by underlings
who are privileged to handle communica
tions at the department When Senator
Perkins returns from Fresno leading citi
zens wiil request him to present the facts
in the case directly to Secretary Lamont.
Senator White will also be asked to re
quest the Secretary to investigate.
Army men here are confident that the
Secretary of War does not know that the
First Artillery has served only one tour of
three years in Florida since the war, while
the Fifth Has served three terms, nine and
a half years all told, and is now ordered
for the fourth tour of duty. Besides, it is
proposed to deprive San Francisco, whose
fortifications are extensive and modern, of
the troops fami iar with the armament.
The Secretary, taking the matter in hand
for his personal investigation, will likely
discover in a short lime that petticoat in
fluence' rather than requirements of the
service we suggested a transfer of the
Fifth to tet-p the First in New York so
ciety.
1 he undue haste in time of peace to rush
the troops from California 10 Florida lends
color to the suspicion that the under
strappers fear t at the scheme will be up
set 11 the transfer is not rushed.
WOES 0. A POLICEMAN.
John T. Euler hrought Suit, but His
Wife Is Divorced.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted a di
vorce to Elizabeth Euler from Policeman
John T. Euler on the grounds of cruelty.
The case is a peculiar one. Euler orig
inally began suit against his wL'e, aliening
crnelty, vulgar language ana habitual in
temperance. The parties were married
April 28, 1894, and resided at 853 Fifteenth
street. The husband said that his wife
would take money he entrusted to her and
go off on a soree.
On May 10 last Mrs. Euler is alleged to
have, in company with another woman,
visited Golden Gate Park, where they met
two men, unknown to the policeman.
The party of four is allege! to have visited
a number 01 saloons and drinking resorts.
A; any rate, tne oolicem.in says his wife
came home early nexi morning in a state
of intoxication, her new cloihes dirty and
ruined, and reviled him when he expostu
lated.
The next morning, referring to a former
experience, the husband inquired, "You
will not ask to come back after your con
duct of yesterday ?"
To which inquiry he says she replied:
" No, I don't waut to come back. I
thought you would get on to yourself after
a while.' "
Mrs. Euler filed an answer and cross
complaint to her husband's charges,
denying all his allegations and in turn
charging him with extreme cruelty. She
said he frequently cursed her ana often
drove her from home.
Euler did not oppose his wife's cross
complaint and consequently she was
awarded the decree.
Judge Sanderson yesterday granted a
divorce to Henrietta Hansen from Jorgen
A. Hansen on the ground of desertion.
Floretta Doyle was divorced from James
Doyle Jr. by Judge Murpny. Desertion
and failure to provide were the erounds.
Yon Tiedemauu'a Tr.al.
The trial of Carl yon Tiedemann et al. for
grand larceny in having swindled Peter
Thompson out of $100 in a half-interest
scheme is on trial in Judge Belcher's court
.Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, ac Uucle
Harris', 15 Urmi avenue.
NEW TO-DAY.
LEMONADE
Or Water Pets, consisting of a Two-
quart Pitcher, Six Glasses and Silver-
me Tray, in Genuine Bohemian Glass,
handsome v etch«d and de-ora in
cold. reEufarlv $2.25, go at 5i. 45 per
Bet of Eight Pieces— splendid bar-
gain.
Also 175 Two-Quart Jues, same
Style as above, go at 65 cents each.
85 Dinner Sets, 115 pieces, in Mea-
kins famous Decorated Royal Semi-
«io 5 m * have b3en reduced from $15
to 510.50.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreva'u
WANQENHfcIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY. •
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special Fornjis Weeß.
BUTTER.
Fresh Creamery Butter, squares , 40c
CHAMPAGNE CIDER.
Carbonated Sweet Jersey Cider (non-aloo-
holic), quarts... 15c; $180 dozen
.Regular , $3
LOVERS OF GOOD COFFEE.
Our Celebrated Mohammed Fancy Roast..
••■••■• 35c; 2 pounds 660
Regular 400
TEA.
English Breakfast, Formosa, Oolong. Tin-
colored, Japan, Ceylon and Special
Blend S pounds $1
Regular 600
WHISKY.
Old Maryland Rye (1888}, full quarts $100
Handmade Sour Mash (1888). full quarts.. 1 00
Old Stags Fine Bourbon (1888). full quarts 1 00
Old Siagg Pure Bye (1888), full quarts 1 00
Regular 150
Received the agency for the above brands
of celebrated old private stock ; can rec-
ommend their purity for medicinal and
family use; gallon $3 00
Regular $4 00
MACKEREL.
Packed by Underwood of Boston, Mass., In
Mustard, soused and Tomato Sause....
small size 15c; large size 25a
Regular 20c and 35c
MAPLE SYRUP.
Pore Vermont Maple Syrup
GaL 70c; % gal 850
Regular.... 65c and $1
CHERRIES IS M.IR4SQUIH.
Sandlcolle &Qaudin, Bordeaux," France....
• • Quarts 65c: pints 4oc
Regular ; ...., 65cana90c
CIGARS AID TOBACCO.
Call on us for Cigars and Tobacco at bottom
prices. - ■
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
Telephone South. 398.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Rain=Proof
— Shoes —
I
Men's Winter Shoes in all va-
rieties; water-proof Shoes, Shoes
with thick soles, Shoes with cork
soles, Shoes of genuine Cordo-
van Horse Leather
$3 to $5.
The prices are "right," the ,
quality is "right" — come here
and you will be right.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P.M. Saturdays. 10 P.M.
oh# /^i Tin you wan *
%m r* a watch
joys'* j£m , or if OU
mfIBAW are only thinking
jMHt*^ about a watch —
«H['^^ or if -you only
4&^Mry^ dream of one oc-
casionally,
# lose no time but
he £ learn all about
•< Rugby,"
the boys new watch. The BEST
ever made for you. Elegant designs
on the case. Bargains in Rugby
Watches all this week at our new
office in the Mills Building '
THE WATERBURY WATCH CO
36? San Francisco.
IiWMHWHtqa
111 4 If C Vflil ""ore Taroat, Funplos, Coprer-M
t'SnAYE' IUU colored SpoU. Aches, Old Sores.M
Ulceru In Mouth, fiair-K&llingf Write COOEB
IJB£M£»V CO., SO7 Masonic Temple, S
gt Chicago, 111.. for proofs of cures. Capl- 3 .
g« till, 8500,000. 'Worst cases cured In 16 *;•
Ijfilo 35 days. 100-page booh: flree. g 8
ffrlitrs Mai VegetaMs Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona wha '- :
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE^ GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION", Torpid Liver, Weak Btomacn, Pimple* »ai Si
purity tuts olood.
uluoblllall 0 -dItjUIIIi IliilliSi
. With this remedy persons can cure themselves 5
I without the . least . exposure, change of diet, or :
change In application to business.- The medicina v
contains nothing thai is of the least injury 10 tha
constitution. jrour uxu**i»u:ortf, trie* #1 * •