VOLUMELXXX.-NO. 37.
HILL NAMED
TO PRESIDE,
Expressed Wish of the New
York Senator to Be
Gratified.
FIGHT ON TEMPORARY
ORGANIZATION.
Silver Leaders to Demand That
Daniel of Virginia Be Chosen
to Preside.
AN UNPRECEDENTED SITUATION
IN THE CONVENTION.
Action of the National Committee to
Be Set Aside by the White
Metal Champions.
HEAPQrARTERS TjMTED PRESS, \
Hkkai.p Building, >
Chicago, 111., July 6.)
Senator Hill's expressed desire is to be
gratified. The first fight between the sil
ver and sound money forces will occur on
the question of temporary organization of
the convention when Chairman Harrity
calls it to order at noon to-morrow. Ac
cordine to present appearances the prayer
is about the only part of the preliminary
proceedings which is likeiy to pasß un
challenged.
In no previous great National conven
tion has the recommendation of the duly
chosen National Committee in regard to
a temporary presiding officer been antago
nized by a minority report and a demand
for a vote, but the present gathering is an
exceptional one and is likely to break in
upon precedents in more respects than
one. By :* voie oi 27 t<> 23 the majority of
\h' | National Committee decided to recom
mend Senator David B. Hill as temporary
chairman ot the convention.
<". S. Thomas of Colorado gave notice
that a minority report would be presented
recommending the selection of Senator
John W. Daniel of Virginia, and that the
convention would be aakuJ to make a
choice between the two nominations. It
is a curious fact that at the Jast Demo- f
cratic Convention held in this city, during :
the memorable night session which re- j
suited in the nomination of Grover Cleve- |
land, Senator Daniel, with dauntless cour- I
age, faced for over an hour a hostile audi- !
ence as the especial champion of Senator j
Hili, the man to whom, by the irony of !
politics, he is now antagonized.
The method of proceeding to-morrow
will probably be as follows: When Mr.
Harrity calls the convention to order as
the representative of the National Com
mittee and recommends the selection of
Senator Hill as chairman, a minority
n'emberof the National Committee will
offer a substitute offering Senator Daniel.
Under all forms of parliamentary law a
c substitute must first be voted upon, and
the only open question in this case seems
to be whether or not Mr. Harrity will
recognize one of the silver associates for
the purpose of offering this substitute, the
convention not having been organized,
and no roll of the delegates having been
passed upon.
The silver men claim that thechairman's
ai-t in recommending a temporary chair
man for the approval ot the convention is
" an admission tnat the convention is quali
fied to act upon it. If this be true in the
one case, they assert that it must be so in
(he case of the substitute. Should Mr.
Harrity refuse to put the motion for the
adoption of the substitute, some silver
member of tne National Committee on
Platform will put the question himself, and
the skirmir-li between the nohJ and silver
factions will be precipitated.
O "I know very. little about the parlia
mentary status of the matter, 1 ' said Sen
ator Tillman to-night, "but I do claim to
be possessed ot a little common sense. I
know that Senator Daniel will be the tem
porary chairman of this convention and
that he will make the speech. If the goid
men think that their 300 vot.e.s form the
majority of this convention, just let them
SENATOR DAVID BENNETT HILL OF NEW YORK, CHOSEN BY THE NATIONAL
COMMITTEE TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 7, 1896,
THE GRAND DRILL BY THE NAVAL FORCES FROM THE FLAGSHIP PHILADELPHIA AND MON
ADNOCK AT LYCEUM PARK, MONTEREY, CAL., YESTERDAY.
Sketched on the $pot try a member of " The Call's" Art Staff.
try it. The silver men are running this t
iffair, and they propose to run it after \
their own fashion. If the gold men don't
like it, let them bolt. I hope they will."
During the early hour- of the day a con-
Bervative spirit seemed to pervade the
more radical of the silver men, and the de
sire was expressed by many to avoid if
possible a clash in the convention.
The conclusion of the committee to rec
ommend the selection of Senator Hill has
caused a sudden drop in this conservatism,
and the feeling between the two factions
of the party now seems to be more bitter
than before, if such a condition be pos
sible.
As to the probable choice of a Presiden
tial candidate to represent the free-coinage
platform, the day's developments have
met with no marked change in the situa
tion. Bland's friends are doing most of
the claiming and shouting. Efforts to get
the silver men to caucus on the nomina
tions in advance of the meeting of the
convention continue to meet with failure,
some of the prominent silver leaders de
claring their fears that the result of such
a caucus would be to create dissensions in
their ranks and aid the "gold bags" in
their efforts to disorganize them.
The California delegation appears to be
determined to present the name of Sena
tor White of that State despite the pro
tests of the Senator that he is not a can
didate and does not de: ire his name to be
considered. At the meeting of the dele
gation this afternoon the matter was dis
cussed, several delegates stating that they
believed the time would come in the con
test when the convention would torn to
Senator White as the only man upon
whom the contending deleeations could
unite. For this reason they proposed to
keep him as their candidate. Senator
White, who was present, entered an em-
Continued on Second J^ige.
TO LEVEL
THE HILL.
That Is the First Business
of Silverites' Radical
Wing.
CALIFORNIA FOR A FREE
COINAGE PLANK.
Aside From White the Dele
gates Are Not Agreed on
a Candidate.
COSGRAVE TELLS OF HILL'S
CRAFTY PLANNING.
The Crowding State of the Conven
tion Week Is Initiated at
Chicago.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, 111., July 6.) .
Senator Hill was chosen by the Na
tional Committee to-day as temporary
chairman, and the radical wing of the
silver party declare that the first busi
ness of the convention will be the level
ing of that Hill.
Delegate E. E. Leake of California
says that about half of th« California
delegation are Konnd money men, hut
that they will vote for the silver plank
In accordance with the instructions of
the State Convention.
Delegate James V. Coletnan inquire*
as to the identity of the person or the
Influence that has projected Governor
Altgold into the management of the
National Democracy. He declare* also
that only Caminetti and Slaguire are for
Bland, and that the remainder have no
candidate.
Colonel John P. Irish Is here with col
lar and button, but no necktie He pro
poses to make thing* lurid and will Hear
many pages of manuscript with thoughts
that burn.
State street for several blocks is im
pansable by reason of great crowds as
sembled to witness the political menag
erie in the Palmer House.
JOHN PAUL, CROSGRAVE.
HILL'S CRAFTY PLANNING.
It Cains Friends for the New Yorker
Among Some of the Sil
ver Men.
The Call's Headquarter?, i
Great Northern Hotel, v
Chicago, 111., July 6.)
The results of the crafty planning by
the mind of David Bennett Hill, of the
muttered conferences behind closed doors,
of the comings and goings of delegates to
and from the apartmeii!; el the man of \
the high forehead, the fruits of remaining j
away from church on Sun lay and doing |
politics instead of praying, have become I
apparent during the last twenty-four
hours. Among these results may be men
i tioned the fact that some of Governor Alt
. geld's Illinois delegates have had the
j temerity to express a preference for some
' candidate other than "Silver Dick," and
j the equally significant fact that a large
number of the silver men who had here
| tofore said: '"Get thee behind me, David,"
have talked with David in front of them
! and have gone away with the opinion that |
j David js a pretty good Democrat after all.
The big result is Senator Hill's selection
by the National Committee as temporary
chairman. Even Governor Alt^eld has
walked into the trap laid by the wily New
Yorkers, and has taken a sniff at the
toasted cheese on the bait hook. He no
longer regards Senator Hill with the dyna
mite eye of the anarchist. The whole aim
of Senator Hill's efforts is in the direction
of the defeat of any too pronounced silver
candidate for the first or second place, and
also to prevent the 16 to 1 ratio from Seine;
inserted in the platform. In the absence
of no bread he would be willing to take a
half-loaf in the shape of any mitigation in
that regard. It now appears that Hill's
absence from the gold meeting at the
Auditorium several evenings ago was de
liberate with malice and aforethought.
Some of the silver men with whom he has
been wrestling politically are saying that
Senator Hiil is not such a rabid goldbug
after all.
The Senator himself has given them to
understand that there is ground for this
opinion; that what he chietly desires is
the success of the Democratic party, and
that he does not wish to jeopardize it by
any too radical utterance in the platform
on the iinancial issue. He has pointed out
to them the danger of unnecessarily
estranging from the party the large pro
portion of the influence of sound money
Democrats in all parts of the United
States, and he has assured them that it
would give him the greatest pleasure and
that it would be the proudest work of his
life at this time to keep the party intact,
without taking away from the advocates of
free coinage any of the fruits of victory
which they could harvest in the conven
tion by the large majority of votes con
trolled by them. If the convention does
not revoke his appointment to-morrow he
will be given the vast power dwelling in
the intflligent gavel.
He has been so smooth-spoken in the
matter that ninny silverites who hud come
to Chicago with silver bricks on their
shouluers and foaming at the mouth gave
the Senator a respectful hearing in their
calmer mood. In this way he has made a
perceptible inroad into the radical faction
of the party and has even secured a hear
ing for his claims for the temporary chair
manship. The declination of that honor
by United States (Senator White of Cali
fornia, which declination was made after
Mr. Hill had several secret conferences
with prominent members of the California
delegation, removed the most serious ob
stacle from the pathway of the Senator
from New York. Jtie has this advantage
among all the turmoil and jarring of the
rival factions with respect to their favorite
candidates for the Presidency — that the
gold men are solidly united in the com
mon cause and that they have no favor
ites, the cause in their estimation being
higher than any men or number of men;
but after all this scheming and subtle
weaving of cunning webs I doubt whether
the wily Senator from New York will suc
ceed in his attempt to break down the 10
to 1 clause, which is really the life blood
of the present convention. But it is
Continue d on 'Ihird I'age,
FEUD RUNS
VERY HIGH.
John P. Irish Scores the
Syndicate of Southern
Senators.
TREACHERY IS RAMPANT
AT CHICAGO.
Is Tilden's Prophecy of Eighteen
Years Ago to Be Now
Fulfilled?
IMPRUDENT TALK AS TO POETIC
JUSTICE AND REVENGE.
Logical Candidates of the Present Day
Not Good Enough for Pallbearers
of the Past.
"The Call's" Hkatxjfarterb, )
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, 111., July 6.)
Until Saturday night the area of the po
litical storm pressure was over lowa and
Missouri. The Boies and Bland pickets
boarded all incoming Western trains at
Omaha to pick off straggling delegates.
Nebraska was never so divided since the
Ogalalias and Omaha tribes scalped each
other before the Nebraska bill turned the
land over to their white successors.
On Saturday the Boies pickets informed
all political pilgrims that Bland was a
good man. but being a Catholic could
never be President. The same day Alt
geld's organ scratched Bland out of the
race because he is a Southerner.
Then rose a cyclonic yell that Altgeld
and Boies had combined, while thought
ful men wondered if out of this gathering
of the tribes that knew not Israel would
issue twin furies of sectionalism and re
ligious intolerance, against which Jeffer
sonian Democracy has canonized for near
a hundred years.
The scene in Chicago is wild beyond de
scription. Feud runs high. The ruling
spirits are the syndicate of Senators,
mostly Southern men, who are in charge
of the free-silver fight. Eighteen years
ago Samuel J. Tilden said to me that the
Democratic party would rally and elect
one man to the Presidency and pass away,
because that victory would bring the
South to the front and the public men of
that section could neither lead nor follow
wisely. Was it prophecy and are these
Southern Senators responsible for the re
vival of sectionalism even in the silver
ranks?
A listener in these crowds hears dis
quieting and imprudent talk of the poetic
justice of historic revenge of the West al
lied to the South against North and East,
as should have been in 1861, and thought
ful men reflect apon what would have hap
pened then and what may come now. But
the leaders of the South in 1861 lead here
now and ride down all opposition with a
hard hoof.
In constant consultation with Harris,
Vest, Morgan, Tillman and Daniel, Cock
rel, Jones and Berry are Stewart, New
lands, Duboiße, and Hartman, who form
erly rode in the Republican palace car, but
have recently been kicked off the brake
beam of that train, and are here as politi
cal tramps declaring Teller to De tht log
ical candidate of the Democracy.
Everybody asks, "What's the matter
wita the South? 1 '
The spirit of betrayal is so rampant
there that the National committee man
from Missouri who is assistant Attorney-
General at Washington, proposed to join
the silver force on the committee to de
prive Michigan of her chosen delegation.
Just sucn an offense was committed at the
Baltimore convention of 1848, which
caused Tilden, Church and William L.
MISS FLORENCE SHAIFILE, TUE GODDESS OF MONTEREY.
Marcy to bolt the nomination of Cass,
and call the Buffalo convention. But it is
not written that any of Poln's appointees
turned traitor to the administration.
The platform is sufficiently fore
shadowed. It will call for free coinage at
16 to 1, ana by direction or indirection
demand the repudiation of all existing
gold contracts. Listening to the wild talk
one is impressed that something liKe this
would fitly express the sentiment of the
convention:
"Resolved, That we want free silver, free
paper and a liberal circulation of well
executed counterfeit money."
One delegate wants Cleveland and Queen
Victoria personally denounced In the plat
form. When I said to him : "Victoria is an
old woman, has raised a large family and
was always a lady," he answered ::"I don't
know about that, I've heered stories about
her." So these crowds chew and spit
Continued on Second Page,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HONOR THE
OLD FLAG.
Spanish Families Join in
the Celebration at
Monterey.
BARBECUES TO FEAST
THEIR GUESTS.
Quaint Adobes Are Fantastically
Garbed After the Manner
of Years Ago.
DANCING IN DWELLINGS AND
ON THE STREETS.
White-Clad Marines From the Cruisers
Land and Drill at Lyceum
Park.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 6.— There are
really two celebrations of the semi-centen
nial anniversary of the raising of the
Stars and Stripes in old Monterey. One is
by the descendants of the old Spaniards
and tne other is by the late comers — tha
Americans. But after all tt.ey are only
different ways of celebrating the same
event, and a? both sides are good-natured
the combination is a most successful one.
The Spanish element choose to cele
brate the event by the spoils of the past,
and they have decorated their houses
much as they would have done seventy
five years ago. On al! of the vacant lota
in the center of town establishments for
the barbecueing of meat have sprung up,
and dozens of expert cooks have been kept
busy all day turning the meat with pitch
forks over beds of glowing coals. The sa
vojy odor of well-cooked Deef falis the air.
The most fantastic establishments are
those for the manufacture and sale of
tamales, tortillas, enchellades and other
tiery combinations of red pepper, meat
and cornmeal. These places are all put
up for the occasion and are truly pictur
esque. Nearly all of them consist of
wooden framework covered with bougha
of evergreens. The green is out on so
generously as to almost, exclude the light,
so ttre interior looks like a cave. On the
inside there are rough wooden tables and
benches, and t tie floor is covered with
pine needles that fill the air with a sweet
odor as well as deaden the sound of foot
steps.
All day long crowds have filled the
places and enjoyed real old Spanish cook
ing. In a few places a specialty was made
of dishes prepared according to recipea
that have been preserved in families for
centuries.
In the exterior decoration of their
houses the Spanish have not forgotten
Uncle Sam. No matter what they may
use, it is only as an embellishment to the
red, white and blue. And they love the
red, white and blue. The girls, with their
brieht faces and dancing eyes, wear it on
their dresses and twine it among their
dark tresses.
There has been no chance for ennui to
day. From early morning the streets
have been filled with crowds of people on
pleasure bent and such life has never be
fore been seen in old Mont rev, not even
when the flap was raised over fifty yeara
ago. That is what many old men say
who in decades agone heard their mothers
tell of the great event that gave them a
new Government.
The pleasure seeking crowds first had
their attention attracted this morning
toward the two white warships out on the
bay. The beatintr of drums on the Phila
delphia told of preparations for the day's
festivities, and soon the shipy' boats were
seen heading toward the landing laden
with members of the white battalion.
From that hour the day was a continual
round of amusement. The crowd followed
the boys in white to Lyceum Park and
saw them drill and then followed them
back to the wharf.
By this time tne preparations for the
tire department contests were under way.
After tney were over the crowd again
turned its attention to the Lyceum Park2
ard witnessed a real wild-west show, given
by men who have spent their lives on the
ranges. There were many exciting events
:ind the crowd cheered and yelled to show
how ttie rare sport was enjoyed.
There was hardly an hour's respite for j
dinner before dancing commenced at the i
Pavilion and a dozen other places. The |
little boys and girls danced on the streets, |
and few, indeed, were the homes from
which the Bound of music did not come to
till the evening air with melody. it was a
gala night.
In the parade to-morrow Miss Florence
Schauilie will take the part of the coddess ■
of Monterey. She will be attirod in a
white robe and carry a large golden key I
representing the hospitality of the old
capital being extended to the sister cities
of California. Miss Bcbauffie is a petite
brunette, with a face and figure that pc- !
culiarly adapts her for her part.
Mrs. E. O. Smith of San Jose has com- ;
posed a song for the Native Daughters of ;
the Golden West, which was read by !
Esther Malcolm-Johnson here on the
Fourth and will be sung to-morrow. It is
as follows:
Mountain ranges, verdant hillsides,
Valleys dressed In living green,
Peaceful rivers, rustling torrents,
Gorges, mountain cliffs between
Mammoth forests—grand sequoia,
Spreading oak and lofty pine:
Such Is our heritage, bequeathed us
By our sires ■•: '49.
Chorus—
Fifty years have told the story
Of the men of '49.
Come «f now to shout their praises
' And a laurel wreath to twine.
Native Daughters, fill your glasses,
Quick! He ready, you and I!
Pioneers, breve pioneers, to you
We'll drink a bumper dry 1
Brilliant landscapes, mighty ocean,
Rainbow-tinted waterfalls,
Placid lakes and spouting geysers,
Caves with diamond-studded walls.
Snow-capped ridges, rolling lands,
Where grows the olive and the vine:
Such is our heritage, bequeathed us
By our sires of "49.
Cypress boughs, whereon the bold
And haughty eagle builds his nest;
Rosy bowers In which the sweet-voiced
Songsters find .'. place of rest;
WlldwooJ tangles wherein lurk the deer,
The happy hunter's shrine:
Such is our heritacrc, bequeathed us
By our tin I of '49.
Rich fields of grain, wide-spreading lands
Ablaze with Flora's satin sheen,
Cool, grassy meads where rushes crow
And the modest cowslip reigns as queen.
Clear, limpid pools where spotted beauties
bide
tTo wait the hook and line:
Such is our heritage, bequeathed us
By our iir< - of '49.
Orchards, whose o'erladen brnnches
Croan beneath their luscious load.
Luxurious groves where fairest fruits
Of all the tropics find abode;
Vast quantities of Rold and precious metals
Hid in many ■ mine:
Such is our heritage, bequeathed us
By our sires of '49.
Bright, sunny skies, soft showers.
Winds ever tempered to the frail and weak,
Breezes that come and go, leaving
The hue of health upon the cheek;
These b esidngs and a thousand more
Are yours, yes, yours and mine:
Such is our heritage, bequeathed us
By our sires of '49.
Thomas 0. Larkin, the first son born of :
American parents in California, arrived I
this evening and was given a reception I
that he little looked for. A party of old j
friends met him at the train and escorted i
him to the house of his birth. Here he
was ushered into the room in which he j
first Saw the light of day in 1834. The j
.committee had been to great pains and .
procured the same furiture tnat was in it
sixty-two years ago, and when Mr. Larkin
. looke 1 around him he was greatly affected.
In a second the years rolled backward and
he was a child again, with a long and in
teresting history before him. It was a
most touching scone, and the committee
withdrew, leaving Mr. Larkin alojje to his
meditation. It seldom happens that a
man G2 year 3 old can sleep in the same
bed in which he was born, but that is what
Mr. Larkin is doing to-night.
-
i
..
•
•
.
SPORTS OF THE AFTERNOON.
Tournament of firemen and a Jteal Wild
JVest Shore, '
MONTEREY, Cal., July 6.—To-day's
celebration of the jubilee was opened by
the sailors of the flagship Philadelphia.
They marched from the old wharf to Ly
ceum Park, where a largo crowd awaited
their coming, though the sailors were on
time with customary precision. The sailors
and their officers were in white service
suits and made a pretty showing, They
were accompanied by the flagship's marine
band of seventeen pieces.
After reaching the parade ground the
band played and the sailors gave an exhi
bition of battalion drill, riot-drill and
physical exercises.
In tte afternoan half the town and its
visitors packed Alvarado street to witness
the parade and tournament of the. lire
.men. This was an attractive and novel
'part of the programme. Watsonville was
represented by its lire laddies in blue
shirts and caps, with red and white trap
pines and gay badges. Gilroy's men had
open-front blue bhirts, the bosoms of
which were light red, and they were aljo
equipped with ornamental leather belts.
The San Juan team appeared in neat uni
forms and the Monterey men were in blue
full dress suits, withhold buttons and
pretty peaked caps, on which golden
trumpets were emblazoned.
The tournament was held under the di
rection of W. E. Parker, chief ;of the
Monterey fire department, who devoted
himself assiduously to the task he had
undertaken. From the point of view of a
fireman, as well as from that of a specta
tor, this feature was a decided success.
Two courses of 300 feet each were marked
off on Alvarado street. The book and
ladder course was nearer the old custom
house than the hosecart run. At one end
a rope was drawn tightly-from the tops of
opposite telegraph poles. The street was
cleared by ushers and then the rival teams
ran with their ladder-carts, in an exciting
dash that ended by some members of the
company snatching a ladder from the
truck as it passed beneath.
. Hardly had the ladder touched the
ground and rested against the rope before
>i nimble fireman ran to the top like an
acrobat, amid the shouts of the populace.
The hose companies started from oppo
site the celebration committee's headquar
ters. They had to run 300 yards, unroll
their hose, attach to a hydrant and get a
stream of water. In the former contest
time was counted from the snrt to the
moment the ladder was reached; the lat
ter ended when water first flashed through
the hose nozzle.
San Juan and Watsonville were entered
in the book and ladder contest. -San Juan
won; time, 48 seconds, against Watson
ville's 50 seconds.
The San Juan team includes: Frank
Black, George More, W. Stone, A. Moore,
Robert Flint, John Roach, f. Cul
len, Joe Castro, A. Castro, E. Churchill,
C. Stanford, A. Pierce, George Joseph,
Edward Pierce, Joe Martine, Joe Meranda,
Ben Flint (trainer).
Watsonville had the following team, but
•its defeat was due no doubt to the ab
sence of Maguns Oxen, who bad injured
himself at a former contest: Oscar Boub
(trainer), Wesley Carr, Thomas Baucaum,
Frank Lewis, Chris Nichols, Charles
'Wangaman, Thomas Warren, T. Maitland,
A. Da vine, Bert Lewis, N. Johnson, L.
Sindberjr, H. V. Tratton, James Owen,
Henry Ritchie, Manuel Romero.
The hose team contest was won by Mon
terey in 52 seconds against Gilroy's 54 2-5
and San Juan's 58 4-5 seconds. "Kimball
of the Gilroy team was too ill to enter,
and Vauehan was not in proper condition,
to which is attributed the loss of the cham
pionship. The personnel of the first and
second teams was as follows:
Monterey— W. E. Parker, Chief Fire De
partment; Pidge, trainer: Martin. Berry,
Roach. Prescott, Harsted, Bronda, John
eon, • Finley, Miller, Cummings, Vagts,
Tores.
Gilroy—James McElroy, chief; Gross,
Bab Moore, Johnson. Lili, Troutvetter,
Vaughan, Fitzgerald, Schilue, Fairer, JSus
tice, Phelps.
Dr. J. W. Thair of Gilroy, S. S. Ball of
Salinas-and Henry Btofer of Watsonville
acte.l as timers. Shpriff Matthews of
Monterey County and i\. E. Rea of Gilroy
i were the judiies. The races were for sub
| staniial motiey prizes.
The Wild West show was one of the
events of the day that commenced on time.
| While the Fire Department races were io
iuot;rt'.'-s crowds assembled at Lyceum
'ark ana the vaqueros were only too
i anxious to commence their work. From
the standpoint of the amount of excite
ment furnished, the sbow was a success,
but to the sensitive mind it was some
thing of an exhibition of brutality.
The bull fight was simply the torture of
a maddened creature, with its horns sawed
j off. Bat large numbers of the crowd cvi
! dently enjoyed the sport, for they cheered.
The calf riding and catching the greased
pig part ol the programme were harmless
i and amusing. The men had some good
; runs and tumbles and the animals were
i not hurt much.
Wild West show prizes were awarded as
; follows: Backing-horse riding, Charley
Wood; bareback riding, J. Cautauga; cow
lassoing, Castillo; horse lassoing, 11. Sar
gent.
Admiral Beardslee tendered a reception
to James D. Phelan, S. J. Duckworth, B.
S. I'aniels, P. B. Berry and H. H. Taylor,
who are the active members of the jubilee
celebration committee. The ladies were
received on the Mouadnock. In the even
in}: there was a concert by the I'hiladel
ubia Marine Hand, and later a ball at the
pavilion, both of which entertainments
were well attended.
HILL NAMED TO PRESIDE,
Continued from First Page.
phatic protest and if his wishes are re
spected the delegates will look elsewhere
for their candidate. No attempt was made
this aficrnoon to decide upon any candi
date oner than Mr. White. With the
California Senator out of the way the vote
of the State would be distributed among
the various candidates.
HILL NAMED CHAIRMAN.
But a Minority of the Committee
Will Present the Name of Sen
ator Daniel of Virginia.
CHICAGO. 111., July 6.— The National
Committee beginning its meeting at noon
to-day transacted its business at a single
session, disposing of all the contests for
seats and voting, J7 to i! 3to report the
name of Senator David B. Hill of New
York for temporary chairman of the Na
tional Convention.
There was a test vote in the committee
showing the relative gold and silver
strength of the organization. The silver
showing was made by the presence of sev
eral proxies of members of the committee
who would have voted for Hill had they
been present. There were alto one or two
members of the committee who, within
the past few days, had announced the
transfer of their allegiance from gold to
silver, notably J. L. Norris of the District
of Columbia and Arthur Sewall of Maine.
The lirst business in order was the call
ing of the roil by Secretary Sheerin,
which showed the following present:
Alabama— Henry D. Clayton.
Arkansas— T. V. Mcßue, proxy.
California— M. F. Tarpey.
Colorado — Charles S. T&omas.
Connecticut — Carlos French.
Delaware I* «:> C. VmidergrifL
Florida — Pamuel Pasc >.
Georgia— Charles Howell Jr.
Idaho — Larry N. Milliard, proxy.
Illinois— Beu X. I
Indiana— !?imon I. trheerin.
lowa— J. J. Richardson.
Ktin.sas— Charles W. Blair.
Kentucky— Thomas H. Sherley.
Louisiana— James JeSries.
Maine— Arthur Bewail.
Maryland — L. V. Baughman, proxy.
Massachusetts — Josiuh Quincy.
Michigan— Daniel J. Campau.
Minnesota— D. W. Lawler, proxy.
M:s>issippi— Charles B. Howey.
Mi-souri— John G. Prather.
Moniana— A. .1. Davidson.
Nebraska — Tobias Castor.
Nevada— R. I*. Keaiinp.
New Hampshire— A. W. Sulloway.
New Jersey -Miles Ross (Senator J. J. Bmith,
proxy).
New York— William F. Sheehan.
North Carolina— F. 11. Busboe.
North Dakota— William C. Leistikow.
Ohio — George K. Gilland, proxy.
Pennsylvania— William F. Harrity.
Rhode Island— Richard B. Comstock, proxy.
£outh Carolina— M. L. Donaldxon.
South Dakota — James M. Woods.
Tennessee— Holmes Cummings.
Ttxas— O. T. Holt.
Vermont — Bradley R. Smalley.
Virginia— J. Taylor Ellison.
Washington— Hugh C. Wallace.
West Virginia — John Sheridan.
Wisconsin — Senator William F. Vilas, proxy.
Wyoming— W. L. Kuykendall.
Alaska — A. L. Delaney.
Arizona— Charles M. Shannon.
District of Columbia — James L. Norrls.
New Mexico — H. B. Ferguson.
Utah— Samuel A. Merritt.
Indian Territory— Robert L. Owen.
Secretary Sheerin stated that the con
testants from Texas known as gold men
had withdrawn from the further contest
for seats in the convention. The with
drawal was accompanied by a statement
of the reasons which impelled them to
enter upon the contest and now to volun
tarily abandon it. This statement was
read by the secretary and made a part of
the records of the committee.
Senator Jones of Arkansas, representing
the "steering" committee of the Bimetal
lic League, was given an opportunity to
address tha committee. He stated that
the silver men had no candidate to present
for temporary chairman. The selection of
any one who was in accord with the idea
of silver would be acceptable to him, and
he urged in the interest of harmony that
the wishes of tne majority of the conven
tion be not antagonized in the choice. He
was heard with respectful attention, but
no answer was given him and he with
drew.
The committee decided to proceed with
the consideration and settlement of the
contested cases first, and that from Ne
vada was settled in favor of General Keat
ing and his associates, silver men, without
a vote.
In the cases over which a contest was
made fifteen minutes was given to each
side for argument. The tirst case of that
kind called was that of John P. Frenzel,
goid, against Charles M. Cooper, silver,
from the Seventh Indiana District. Mr.
Cooper made his own argument, while
ex-Attorney-General Green Smith spoke
for Mr. Frenzel. Cooper had been recog
nized by the State Convention of Indiana,
and he was placed on the temporary roll
by. a vote of 47 to 1, the negative vote
being cast by Mr. Campau of Michigan.
A contest brought by the silver men for
seats for three districts in Michigan was
argued for the contesting gold men by
Eiliot G. Stevenson, chairman of the gold
delegation, and for the silver men by Dan
iel J. Campau, the Michigan member ol
the National Committee. On motion of
Charles S. Thomas of Colorado the gold
men were placed on the temporary roll,
Mr. Campau's being the only vote cast for
the contestants.
D. J. Mahoney spoke for the contesting
gold delegates from Nebraska, headed by
Tobias Castor, and he warned the Demo
cratic party, through the National Com
mittee, of the dansrer tnere was before it
of defeat at the p 11s should it nominate
a Populist rather than a Democrat.
C. J. Smyth replied for the Bryan silver
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 185M5.
delegation, and by the first test vote of the
afternoon — 27 to L.J — it was decided to place
the Castor delegation on the temporary
roll.
Next came the Ohio contest — that from
the Eighteenth District — wherein John H.
Clark and A. M. Raff, gold men, sought
the places of Conrad Schweitzer and W. S.
Potts, silver men. The gold men had been
recognized by their district convention
and the silver men by the State Conven
tion, and the case was stated to the com
mittee by Mr. ClarC in person for himself
and Mr. Raff, and by John C. Welty for
the sliver men. The committee voted —
1!4 to 17 — to sustain the decision of the
State Convention and gave the silver men
a place on the roll.
A rather unexpected contest came up
from South Dakota, where a delegation of
silver men, headed by Dr. Ross, Bought to
secure the teats fortified by the State Con
vention to the delegation headed by Dele
gate P. M. Stover. It was a clear case of
silver against gold, but the committee de
cided without the formality of a ballot
and practically by a unanimous vote to
s?at the Stover or gold delegation. This
ended the contests for seats in the conven
tion, as far as the National Committee was
concerned. Mr. Bryan was somewhat sur
prised at the action in the Nebraska case,
having been lirmly of the opinion that the
gold men had no show. When the result
was announced be said to a reporter of the
United Press:
'Well, we received more than the silver
votes of the committee, anyhow, and will
be seated by the committee on crededtials
with question, becanse we have as clear a
right to a place in the convention as the
delegation of any State."
Ex-Postniaster-General Don M. Dickin
son was more than usually smiling and
complacent when the vote upon the Mich
igan contest was announced to him. "You
will notice," he remarked, "that Mr.
Campau's motion to seat the silver dele
gates received only his own vote and that
the motion to give the gold delegates their
seats was made by Charles S. Thomas, one
of the leading silver members of the Na
tional Committee."
"What will be done in the convention
about the matter." Mr. Dickinson was
asked. *
"Oh, that's immaterial — quite imma
terial," he replied airily, as he walked
away.
The committee then decided to recom
mend a temporary chairman of the con
vention, and, Mr. Clayton, one of the
delegates from Alabama, nominated for
that position Senator John W. Daniel of
Virginia. He spoke briefly in s-upport of
his nomination, urging the committee to
recognize the overwhelming majority in
favor of free silver that was known to ex
ist among the delegates at the convention,
and at tiie close of his remarks he was
loudly applauded.
Ex - Lieutenant- Governor Sheehan of
New \ork presented the name of Senator
David B. Hill, setting forth his capabili
ties as a presiding ollicer and his merits
as a Democrat.
No other candidates being named, the
committee proceeded to ballot, and Mr.
Hi il was chosen by a vote of 27 to £5. Mr.
Hill received the votes of the committee
men from the following States and Terri
tories: Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois,
Indiana, lowa, Kentucky, Maryland,
Massachusetts, Minneso;a, Mississippi,
Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oreiron, Pennsyl
vania, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Ten
nessee, Texas, Vermont, Washington,
West Virginia, Wisconsin and Alaska— '27.
Committeemen from the following
States and Territories voted for Senator
Daniel: Alabama, Arkansas, California,
Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Kan
sas, Maine, Michigan, Montana, Nevada,
North Carolina, North Dakota, South
Carolina, Virginia, Wyoming, Arizona,
New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah, Indian
Territory and the District of Colum
bia-23.
James JefFerics, the conimitteeman
from Louisiana, was r.ot recorded as vot
ing. His support had been expected by
the friends of Senator Hill.
After the result of the vote had been
announced the only exciting incident of
the afternoon occurred. Mr. Thomas of
Colorado rose and stated that he had been
assigned the unpleasant task of notifying
the committee in case the Senator from
New York was selected as the choice ol
the majority that a minority report would
be made and the name ot the Hon. John
W r . Daniel of Virginia would be presented
to the convention as a substitute. Mr.
Thomas said :
"The views of the Senator from New-
York on the currency question are at vari
ance with those of a majority uf the dele
gates to the convention. lie stands as
the representative of the Eastern gold
men. We have been informed by the
press that these men have sent delega
tions here to influence the action of the
convention, and statements nave been
made by these men in the press and at
public meetings which they nave held in
this city that they will agree to no com
promise and will spare no effort to accom
plish their ends. We would say to them
that the majority will accept no compro
mise and aiso will spare no effort to secure
their purpose, which is to name a man in
accord with their views. They don't de
sire to work in secret, but to fight in the
open, and therefore notify the iommittee
that a minority report will be presented
with the Hon. John W. Daniel named for
temporary chairman of the convention,
and they will ask that that deliberative
body be permitted to select a presiding
officer who is in accord with tbe views of
the majority."
In conclusion Mr. Thomas asked Chair
man Harrity, in view of the statement
that had been made, what kind of a recep
tion the silver men might expect to be ac
corded upon a motion to substitute the
minority for the majority report.
Mr. Harrity responded with promptness
and some feeling that such a reflection
upon the chairman as was implied in the
question wa3 not justified. He was only
tne organ of the committee and should en
deavor to discnarge the duties that were
incumbent upon him with absolute im
partiality and a strict regard for the rights
of the members. Mr. Thomas di-claimed
any intention to reflect in the slightest de
gree upon the chairman of the committee.
Ex-Lieutenant- Governor Sheehan fol
lowed Mr. Thomas in an impassioned
speech, which evoked applause at intervals
from the gold men on the committee. He
said:
"I recall that four years ago, sitting in
this very room, then as now members of
the Democratic National Committee, Mr.
Thomas and 1 labored and yoted side by
side to secure the nomination as tem
porary cnairman of the convention about
to assemble of tne Hon. William O. Owens
of Kentucky. Mr. Owens, as is well
known, was opposed to the nomination of
the man who, as developments after
proved, was the choice of an overwhelm
ing majority of that conventiou. We were
successful, too, as I remember, by about
the same vote as that by wbich the com
mittee to-day has determined to recom
mend the selection of the Senator from
New York, but I also remember there was
on that occasion no Democrat so disloyal
to the only existing National Democratic
organization as to even sugeest to the con
vention that it repudiate the judgment
and overturn tbe decision of the National
Committee. On the eve of the gathering
of the next National Convention such
action is that outlined in the declaration
of Mr. Thomas will establish a most dan
gerous precedent, and those who support
nim in tho attitude that he has assumed
must be responsible for whatever may
occur for which tneir acts may be taken as
an example."
Mr. Sheerin, secretary of the committee,
was named as temporary secretary of the
convention and John I. Martin sergeant
at-arms.
Tnis completed the business before the
committee and at 5:45 p. M. it. adjourned,
subject to the call of the chairman.
The moment the vote on the temporary
chairmanship was announced Don M.
Dickinson, who was in the committee
room, rushed out. tearing down the cor
ri ior to Senator Hill's room, which was at
the extreme end of the hall, and announced
the result. Mr. Hill received the news in
bis usual impassive way. Gathered in the
room at the time were ex-Secretary Whit
ney, former Governor Flower, Smith M.
Weed and others. All congratulated the
Senator on his selection. Mr. Whitney
and other gentlemen nad been waiting to
hear from the National Committee on the
temporary chairmanship question and on
the announcement of the result left the
Senator's room.
A United Press representative asked Mr.
Hill if he was satisfied with the vote.
"Oh," said the Senator, with a shrug of
his shoulders, "I don't care anything
about it; it makes no difference to me one
way or tne other."
"Will you prepare a speech as tempo
rary chairman?' was asked.
"Well, no," said Mr. Hill, "I don't think
I will, for divers reasons. What's the use
of preparing a speech; I may not have a
chance to deliver?"
"Do you think the convention will re
fuse to accept the National Committee's
recommendation?"
"I don't know. It is bard to tell what
the enemy will do under tde circumstan
ces. I am prepared lor anything that ia
possible to happen."
FEUD RUNS VERY HIGH,
Ctmtimted from f\r»t l'age.
broadcast and propose that the industrial
desert shall blossom as the rose on denun
ciation of Cleveland, Victoria and Roths
child. The city is full of sound-money
men, some of them eminent in the party,
but they are jeered and joshed by raw
youths who sing:
Mv name is Silver Richard,
I have no brother Ike,
But I come from old Mifdouri,
Yes, all the way from Pike.
An oid lowa farmer to-day looked over
the field. Seeing the bolting Republican^
and the Populists here taken into the
councils which are to control the conven
tion, he &aid: "On the farm when a
critter gets run down and lii-tely to die
all the lice in the barn get onto it. I'm
afraid the Democratic party won't winter."
So much for the present atmosphere. It
is Tilled with repudiation of principles and
contracts. It is favorable to the commis
sion of an organization called a Demo
cratic party, which Jefferson would not
recognize and Jackson would take for
Coxey's army. It will be the creation of
the Southern Senators, who led their
people into trouble thirty years ago, and
seem anxious to lead another failure be
fore they die. Its logical candidates are:
Bland, Tillman, Boies, Bryan, McCorkle,
McConneil, Matthews, Pennoyer, Black
burn, McLean. The candidates of the old
Democracy were: Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren, Polk. Cass,
Pierce, Buchanan, Douglass, McClellan,
Seymour, Tilden, Hancock and Cleveland.
Those in the first list are not strong
enough to be pallbearers at the funeral of
a party that has been led by those in the
second.
To-morrow the old Democracy will be
led in the convention by Senator Hill, the
best running and standing fighter that
ever commanded in such a battle. Against
him will be the Southern Senators from
ten States, and when these banded Go
liaths, just up from Gath, get through
with our David it will be known unto men
that—
There are mils beyond pent land,
There are ilrths beyond Forth:
You have lords in the southland,
But we've chiefs in the .North.
John P. Irish.
OHIO'S DELEGATION.
It Will Co Into the Convention
Practically Unpledged, but Mc-
Lean Is Favored.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— The Ohio dele
gation bad an important and interesting
meeting to-day, aud the upshot of it was
that the delegation will go into the con
vention practically unpledged, but with
an overwhelming majority in favor of the
candidacy of John 11. McLean. Trouble
was started by the introduction of a reso
lution by General E. B. Finley that tne
delegates be instructed to vote for Mc-
Lean as a unit. The resolution was de
bated bitterly for some time and Mr. Mc-
Lean was subjected to considerable criti
cism.
S. H. Holding of Cleveland led the at
tack and was joined by Barton Smith of
Toledo and L. A. Claypool of Springfield.
Mr. Smith made some remarks in opposi
tion to the unit rule, while Mr. Claypool
maintained that Mr. McLean's newspaper
haa not been 8 straight-out Democratic
journal; that Mr. McLean therefore was
not a good man to indorse. Friends of
Mr. McLean defended him warmly, but said
they were not particular about the adop
tion of the unit rule. All they wanted
was that the vote of Ohio should be cast
for him. Several of the gold men ex
pressed their intention of voting for Mr.
McLean and said their opposition was di
rected entirely against any attempt at gag
rule.
General Finley finally amended his reso
lation bo as to make it read that the Ohio
delegation should present Mr. McLean as
their candidate for President and request
ed all delegates to vote for vim. To this
proposition an amendment was offered
providing that the delegation cast its vote
for McLean, but tha: if his chances be
came hopeless individual members be per
mitted to vote for whom they pleased.
These propositions were vigorously de
bated. Mr. Patrick made a conciliatory
speech, in which he said that while I.c
would not have selected McLean as the
Ohio candidate, he would support him.
Ton L. Johnson said he was sorry that
the question of unit rule had been tip, but
admitted his willingness in the interest of
the party to bow to the wiil of the ma
jority. Ulrich Stone made a speech in de
:ense of ihe unit rule and lauded Mr. Mc-
Lean.
A motion was finally made that the
whole subject be laid on the table and this
was finally adopted after an agreement
that the delegation express its preference
for candidates by an informal vote. The
vote resulted as follows: McLean. 32:
Bland, 2; Carlisle, 1; Blackburn, 1; Patti
son, 1; no choice, 2.
FREE FROM
COLD MEN,
Lively Session of Steerers
of the Bimetallic
League.
TO DIRECT AFFAIRS OF
THE CONVENTION.
Agree to Fight the Hill and Gold
Men to a Finish, if Necas
sary.
DANIEL IS THEIR CHOICE FOR
CHAIRMAN.
White-Metal Champ ons Hur 1 . Defiance
at the Sound Money
Minority.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, y
Chicago, 111., July 6.)
The steering committee of the Demo
cratic National Bimetallic League had a
lively session to-day. It was a unit in fa
vor of directing the affairs of the National
Convention independent of the gold men.
While the meeting was in progress the
word was communicated to it that Hill
na<l been named by the National Commit
tee as temporary chairman of the conven
tion. Immediately it was decided that
the committee, which will represent
twenty-seven silver States in the conven
tion, should centralize its forces on Daniel
for chairman to-morrow. A vote was
taken, and all these States agreed to fight
Hill and the gold men to the bitter end.
It was also decided to unite on Harris of
Tennessee for permanent chairman.
The committee is to-night considering
the caucus proposition. Many of the sil
ver States are reticent about getting into
line, thougt the managers of Bland, Boies
and Matthews have practically agreed to
stand by the choice of a caucus. The com
mittee is voting on the question as 1 write.
The silver men are seemingly well or
ganized, and harmony prevails in the
ranks. There will be no surrender on
their part.
"We are going to turn Hill and Whitney
down," said Judge Powers of Utah to
night, "and run the convention in our
own way. This line of action was decided
upon by the steering committee at its
meeting this afternoon. The gold men
may bolt the convention, if they desire.
That is their privilege. The majority of
the delegates are for free silver, and if the
other fellows don't wan 1 , to get into the
band-wagon they needn't."
"This is a regular prairie fire," said
Barry Hillard of Idaho in discussing the
silver question with mo to-night, "and it
is going to sweep over the whole country.
The delegates from Idaho can:e unin
structed as to candidates, but will vote as
a unit on all questions coming before the
convention. We favor the candidates who
can best unite the silver forces."
Delegate Hillard is a native Californian.
He went to Idaho some ten years ago,
served with credit in the Territorial Legis
lature, and for several years past has
been Auditor and Recorder of Shoshone
County.
Senator W. H. Watt, chairman of the
Idaho delegation, told me to-night that
the delegates of Idaho, Utah, Wyoming,
Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, Montana
and Nevada held a conference and decided
to act together on temporary organization
and other matters respecting silver su
premacy that might come before the con
vention.
"The object of the meeting," said Mr.
Watt, "was to get a consensus of opinion
of the delegates from the Rocky Mountain
States, and 1 am giad that there were no
di-sensions. We will go into the conven
tion hall to-morrow as one man, present
ing a solid front for the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at 16 to 1."
Mr. Watt is a prominent mining man of
the Wood Iflver section of Idaho and rep
resents Blame County in the State Senate.
M. F. Tarpey, National Committeeman
from California, is doing splendid work
for the silver cause. Frank McGutre.
♦
SILVER REPRESENTATIVES.
They Hold Conferences to Devise j
Mean*? to Circumvent the
National Committee.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— A conference j
of the accredited representatives of free I
silver delegations assembled at the Sher
man House at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
They represented 400 votes. Senator Har
ris of Tennessee presided, with T. O-
Towlea of Missouri as secretary. After
much discussion Senator Tillman of South !
Carolina asked that the roll be called by
States to decide whether the silver men
should get together and name a slat" for
officers of the convention and for Presi
dent and Vice-President of the United
States to be supported in open conven
tion by all silver men. The vote on this
proposition stood ayes 11?, noes 80, unde
cided 220.
Previous to the vote and leading up to
it was a long and earnest debate. Gover
nor Tillman of South Carolina said it was
to his mind essential to present a firm
front and to accomplish this organization
must be held. The goldbugs were here
now trying to sow the seeds of disruption
and disorganization^and were sparing no
means in their power to do it. Tney were
playing on the vanity ot men by putting the
bee a-buzzing where, if the bee were lively,
it would oe the last place it would seek
honey. Yet its effect was even now felt
in the fact that the silver men hesitated
to take the lead and keep it.
Governor Altgeld of Illinois stated that
from what he understood yesterday no
silver conference could be held which
would include all tbe 600 and odd silver
delegates in the convention. Neverthe
less if such a conference seemed to those
present wise and prudent Illinois would
be found acting in concert to promote the
silver cause.
Illinois had no candidate to present and
was hampered in no way which could in
terfere with her giving her best efforts to
nominate a candidate upon a platform
tuat would command a majority of tbe
votes of the people of the North. Still, he
thought there might be something in a
conference of so many as 600 men with no
rules to guide them, and unless all speeches
were eliminated and they simply came
down to voting on propositions and men
tbe conference might find at its close thfit
it left them less united than at tbe be
ginning,
Mr. O'Donnell of Colorado reiterated
his remarks of last Friday night that it
was necessary for the silver men to get
together bo that the goldbugs of the Ens.
could not throw their 300 votes in a body
to some silver man less objectionable to
the goldbugs and thus nominate him.
Such a man nominated in such a way, he
declared, could not carry Colorado.
Without taking any action, but with the
understanding that eac:i of the delegates
present would endeavor to jjet in touch
with his delegation and ascertain if any
changes had taken place, the conference
adjourned to meet again later.
The event of the evening was a confer
ence of silver men at the Snerman House,
with the view of determining upon a line
of procedure to defeat the National Com
mittee in the event ihtt it sought to pre
vent the name of a silver man being pre
sented in to-morrow's convention as tem
porary chairman.
Tho conference was called for 9 o'clock
and was to consist of one member from
each State having a silver delegation or
silver representaaves. The members were
slow in arriving and "whips" were sent
out. It was explained to those who hesi
tated that there was but one set purpose
before the conference — to outwit the Na
tional Committee — and names of candi
dates would not be touched upon.
After a snort recess the conference re
assembled at 11 o'clock and a revised
count was made of the vote which could
be relied on to support the substi'.ution of
Senator Daniel's name for that of Senator
Hili. The total of votes spoken for was
574, with 16 more expected before the con
vention is called to order, mating 590 for
the silver men's temporary chairman. It
was arranged that Senator Jones, who
presided at the conference, should make
the motion in convention substituting
Senator Daniel. A resolution by Senator
Jones was adopted calling upon all silver i
delegates to be in their seats by 11:30 to- I
morrow.
The conference at midnight adjourned
until to-morrow at 9 o'clock.
ARE AFTER WALLACE.
Washington Delegates Do Not
Relish His Conduct In
Voting for Hill.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— A meeting of
the delegation of the State of Washington
j was held to-day with the following result:
I William 11. White was elected chairman;
i R. C. MeCroskey, resolutions; J. E. Fen
j ton, permanent organization; J. L. Sharp-
Btein, rules; Thomas Maloney, creden
tials; J. F. Girton to notify President and
I Vice- President.
Hugh Wallace, the present National
Committeeman, was re-elected by a vote
of five to three, Messrs. White, Fenton
and Darling voting against him. After
i the meeting Mr. White, thfl chairman of
tbe delegation, denounced the action of
the delegates and stated that Mr. "Wallace, |
beins a gold man, was not in accord with
the monetary views of the delegation, and
I the silver men who voted for him would
meet with a warm reception upon tneir
arrival home.
Prior to the meeting of the National j
j Committee this morning a petition signed I
by live silver men out of the eight was pra- I
) sented to Mr. Wallace requesting that he, j
I io accordance with the expressed desire of
I the Washington Democratic State Conven
tion which elected him on a silver plat-
I form, should vote in accordance with tbe
I sentiments of lm constituents and vote in
the National Committee for a silver man j
for temporary chairman. Mr. Wallace dis
regarded the request and voted for Hill,
but subsequently at the meeting of the
delegation he was re-elected National
Committeeman.
Teller First, Slbley Second.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— The National
Committee of the American Silver Organ
ization at a meeting unanimously decided
to urge Senator Teller upon the Demo
cratic convention as being tbe most avail
able and strongest candidate, but in the
event that he cannot be nominated the
committee unanimously resolved to urge
the nomination of General Joseph E. Sib
ley of Pennsylvania.
Boils
Pimples and other eruptions which dis-
figure the face and cause suffering and
annoyance are the manifest consequences
of impure blood. They may be removed
by purifying the blood with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, which has accomplished wonder-
ful cures of boils, scrofula, salt rheum,
rheumatism, neuralgia, dyspepsia and
other diseases caused or promoted by im-
pure blood.
"When our little baby was three weeks
old he had eruptions on his face and head.
They grew worse and we became alarmed
and took him to th ■ doctor, but he did
him no good. Then we began giving him
Hood's Sarsaparilla, and he is now at the
aire of three years as well and strong as
other children." Mrs. G. E. Carpenter,
Fall Creek, Or.
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Hnnii'c Pil'c tlie best family cathartu
lIUUU 0 IHi 0 and liver stimulant. 25c.
f Blackweirs
»jA<^i/;'^ You will find one coupon inside .^atmSz iV
\!«w each two ounce bag, and two con-
/SSf H^ \lsm ons inside each four ounce /&■}} \BK:
JpSfif^ *"% V '-%! £& bag of BlackweU's Durham. MFi'fi — v_l^&
Wtf wm Buy a bag of this cele - IP/ WiH
PUHjL- k" ZAUmk\ bratcd tobaccoand read the S§B?/ V V s^9
V^l?"iL ' «S W coupon— which gives a list fll& /-A ilPl
Vms^* JHSt of valuable presents and how «Si r^ySss
; Is the light that will brine a great big
j glow of happiness to you. By it you will
j see how strong and vigorous your now
| weak body can be made. Hud van is for
I man. The great Hud van is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
i wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
| cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
I Institute. It is the strongest and most
j powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
! that it is simply won 'erful how harmless
it is. You can *et it from nowhere but
[ from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
! for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rcjuvenator is the
i most wonderfn! discovery of the age. It
j has been indors d by the leading scientific
! men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN' stops prematureness of the
j discharee in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitch ings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
j emissions, and develops and restores weak
i organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
': Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
fAINTKD Bl^OOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
; ous private disorders, carries myriads of sor*-
producing rms. Then come sore throat, pimples,
I copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
[ falling nalr. You ran Have a trip to Hoc Springs
I by writing for "Blood Book" to the old physicians
oi (he
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta.
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAL.
PHILADELPHIA Ml CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT-
BLOCKAOE™SALL
THERE ARE OTHERS
Who claim to sell cheap, but we are compelled to
do so, and any one who lias ever seen that high
j fence at Third and Market streets will readily be-
{ lieve that we must offer unusual reductions to do
I business. Since we inaugurated our Blockade Sale
' our store has been crowded. But why? Simply
I because we are selling dozens of fine iine^ below
cost, and every shoe in our store lias been reduced
in price. This week we are offering at a sacrifice
! an assorted line of Ladies' tine Oxford Ties.
Some have French stitched heels, others low
heels: some have razor toes and tips, others
i;;. ilium broad toes, and nil have hand- turned
soles, and we offer them for $1 per pair. They are
"worth from $2 50 to $5. All sizes on A, B and C,
and small sizes on D and X. . .
Srt TF f" Do yon like to dress
HI I|% well and wear fine shoes?
■f% / I -|_ Well, here is a chance.
Vfal I VI NO odds or en. but reeu-
*fl l«r stock. Ladles' Kxtra
\T~\ J r*Lt I Kid Button Boots,
\i i- .1 I'y.lJl with French stitched heels,
V -if- \ I **^' I razor toes or narrow square
it if A ii floes and patent-leather tips
£ V \. \A/-uid hand-turned sous, re-
XT \^ '-X Wf dnced to $'2 75. All sizes,
fc?>~ > 3s^'^ W all widths. Regular price
V_/ ~^£jßk. 5 * Sam * style exactly in
NS??jr ll «» v l.— Jl;s * >^_ IHusset1 Husset Kid, wltn brown
'» ißft , »w— -r*^i-n--|i tops, and same price.
AJ AT All the yonn? girls wish to
Hk I /f% wear Lace Bhoea. Here is a
Mil 1./ _|. chance. Fine Dongolo Kid
*w I Ism I Lace Shoes, with spring
-*~~Tst II r JJ >'•'*'■' B greatly reduced In
r^jo Ivi i\ price. Wear guaranteed.
■ Vl \kj Child's Sizes, Bto 10%
JL^ * Misses' Sizes, 11 to 1%
i% M ■•ft Flne shoes sold cheap.
' :VI hi I A " assorted lino of
-» I ill Ladies' Button Shoes, in-
V I I VVI clud:nir Patent Leather
;•'"; - and French Kids, with
*— j»-^_ hand-tin ned soles and
I I # French - stitched heela
I V § and low heels, pointed
* •/ a and broad toes, without
JpJV 'I tips. A drive. Will
f\J 1 be sold for $1 50; every
/i/ A pair worth $5. You may
X»V^ _j\ smile at selling a fine
>% V<^_ — """"l shoe so cheap, but the
-^ — ~-^"^ i W sizes are broken up, and
m^**^ , -^** ■ ,?jH we wish no odd lines In
Jfg- Country orders solicited.
Kir bend for .New illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
#ARNYS\
IS THK VERY BK.ST OXE TO KKAMTVa
.l^ rey t?^*f dflltneas ■" spectacle,' anJ Ky*
LJ^!^ instruments of it* owa inveaaoa,
*» Hose superiority has not r*«>n m» ....?NOW FACES
THE CRISIS,
Democracy May Forever
Be Obliterated by
Discord.
SILVERITES MAY PERMIT
HILL TO PRESIDE.
But the Chances Are, They Will
Not Forget the Unexpected
Break in the South.
MAGUIRE SAYS NO ONE HAS A
CINCH IN THE RACE.
Bland, However, Yet Leads, With
Boies a Close Second in the
Great Contest
••The Call's" Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, 111., July 6.)
A luminary on the eve of the Demo
cratic National Convention witnesses no
particular chance in the situation. To
night the silver men voted unanimously
for Daniel of Virginia as temporary
chairman. Senator White of California
Is strongly supported for permanent
chairman, and bis election is almost
certain.
The silver men will give Hill and his
followers no quarter. They will domi
nate the convention without regard to
what the gold element may do.
Bland still leads. Colorado is waver
ing between Teller and i'land. Should
the former lie named for the Presidency
the Colorado delegation will probably
support him, otherwise it will be Bland.
The Populists are working hard for
Toller. There is great excitement in
the city to-night. The streets are
blocked with people. The convention
will be called to order by Chairman
Harritj at 13 o'clock 31. to-morrow.
All the silver men will be. there.
FUANH. McGUIRE.
♦
WILL BE REPUDIATED.
Silver Men Not to Abide by the
Committee's Action In Select
ins; Hill.
The Call'? Headquarters, )
Gkeat Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, 111., July 6 )
The National Committee to-day agreed
on David Bennett Hill of New York as
temporary chairman of the Democratic
convention by a vote of twenty-seven to
twenty-three. This action of the com
mittee will probably be repudiated by the
silver Democrats in the convention to
■•v. They are simply desperate.
Though Hill has made overtures to meet
them Lali way on the financial issue, he is
now more than ever an obiect of distrust.
Still there is a possibility of the silver
ites smothering their feelings and allow
ing the New Yorker to till the chair pro
tern. This question, however, can be only
decided in the convention to-morrow. The
silverites were amazed to find Texas, Miss
issippi, Tennessee and Alaska in ti.e gold
column when the committee voted on the
temporary c airmanship to-day. These
are the sources from which Hill gathered
in a majority as a result of the committee
meeting. The gold men are to-night a
little more contident. and the silverites are
angry with the Dreak in the solid South.
The National Committee was in session
all day at the Paimer House. It was a
moi-t spirited gathering, and the proceed
ings were conducted privately. The sound
of loud voices, however, issued from the
council chamber and hungry crowds with
out eagerly listened for some sentiment to
soothe their excited dispositions. It was
not until late in the afternoon that a vote
on the temporary chairmanship was taken,
and when tiie result was announced to tne
waiting newspaper reporters and the word
passed to different political centers great
excitement followed.
With Hill as temporary chairman the
plan of the gold men is to prolong the
convention, as they feel that their only
hope lies in the disunion that would fol
low a protracted meeting with the Demo
cratic temperament at fever heat, when they
might be enabled to defeat the silverites
in tne end. The silver lorces. led by Gov
ernor Altgeid of Illinois, Governor Stone
of Missouri, Senator Jones of Arkansas
and Senator Daniel of Virginia, are anx
ious to have the business of the conven
tion rushed through with as little delay as
possible.
The situation as regards candidates is
unchanged. Bland is still leading with a
handsome majority. Boies is trailing
along close behind,' and Teller is very
much in evidence. It Is not believed, how
ever, that the latter can possibly secure
the nomination. Matthews of Indiana
has added no strength to vis candidacy,
while McLean of Ohio is esteemed only as
a Vice-Presidential possibility. Pattison
of Pennsylvania is still in tbe race. His
friends are trying to have the delegates
from the Eastern States combine upon
him. Neither Tiliman nor Blackburn has
gained or lost ground.
Senator White will not allow California
to : resent his name to the convention.
Pennoyer of Oregon is now out for second
place on the National ticket. Sit friends
are making an energetic fight for him.
While the Western delegates recognize
bis splendid abilities they prefer a can
didate with a large sack and a disposition
to open it.
\Vhile the Bland men claim tbat they
will have sufficient votes to nominate him
for the Presidency it seems to me that it
ia everybody's race, with such a large
number of candidates in tne field and wiih
.irty divided on the financial problem
there is no knowing what the outcome
nay be. As 1 survey the field to-night it
certainly looks as though a great crisis
confronts the National Democracy. It
may inspire a superior statesmanship. It
niay forever obliterate the party.
Fkank McGniRE.
SILVER'S TIDE RISING.
Straddlers That Went to Chicago
From the East Clamor to Get
Into the Lifeboat.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— The silver tide
is jna<iuailj rising. It has virtually sub
merged the* ultra gold men. The few
OOVERNOR STONE OF MISSOURI. THE COnHANDER-IN-CHIEP OP THE BLAND
BOOMERS AT CHICAGO.
[Sketched from life for "The Call" by J. Kahler.]
i
straddlers that came to Chicago from the
Eastern States are now clamoring to get
in the silver lifeboat, and the probabilities
are that the National Democracy will this
week pass into history as a great revolu- ;
tionary factor in the currency of the
country.
The fact is that the sentiment in favor
of the free coinage of silver is increasing j
in volume as the minutes pabs. The j
country at large is watching with inces- j
sant eagerness the drift of opinion of the :
Democratic epoch-makers now gathered
in National convention in this city.
The wires are burning with messages to
delegates from the different States, com- i
ing as they do from private and public
sources, urging ti»em to loyally uphold the
promise* made to their respective con- |
stituencies. The gold men of the East are
being constantly urged not to retire from
the fieid, as their surrender would be ac- j
cepted by tbe country as an indication of !
the reasonableness of the bimetallic doc
trine. On the other hand, the silver mis
sioiiaries are encouraged by cheering mes
sages from afar, and thus inspired anew
they are sealing the walls of the enemy's :
fortress, and the indications are that be- |
fore another day it will have captured its j
guns. Tiie leaders of the gold faction con
cede all this. They are not slow to realize
! that the day has been lost.
There is nothing left for them to do but
i to bolt the convention or retire from the !
! position they have taken on the hnancial
question and accept the doctrine of Ui to 1. j
; A bolt by the gold men up to to-day had '
I been considered not improbable. There is
i now some hope of a compromise. Senator !
J Hill is tryine to bring it about. His con
i ference with Governor Altgeld was sig
nificant. It was accepted by the silverites j
as a concession of weakness on the part of i
the New York leaders. It is not thought '
probable that Hill will give way suffi
ciently to bring about a reunion of the
party. While it is believed that he will
j accept a platform declaring for the free
! coinage of silver the ratio of 16 to 1 is
obnoxious to him. Nothing short of this,
however, will satisfy the silver men, and,
as they are the controlling element of the
convention, they will not recede from the
stand taken.
Sixteen to one is their religion. Senator
Hill is looked upon by the Democracy as a
trimmer. He is now flirting with the
silver wing of the party whiie Tammany
is outspoke.il to the effect that it will sup
j port the ticket regardless of the platform
and nominee. Whitney continues to sulk in
his tent. He is not the Whitney of four
years ago when he acted as the whip of
President Cleveland, and succeeded \n
forcing his nomination against tbe vigor
ous protestations of New York. On that
occasion he was supported by a solid
! South and West. Now he is opposed by
I that same strong and united element. The
j situation of tbe last Democratic National
| Convention has indeed been reversed.
Whitney's voice is to-day unheeded in the
councils of his party. Frank McGuihe.
TO LEVEL THE HILL
[Continued from first Page.\
mighty interesting to catch him trying
do it.
With the elimination of Senator White
from the held of action in any capacity
other than that of a dark horse the situa
tion stands precisely as was stated in The
Call a week ago; that is to say, Bland of
Missouri in the lead, with Boies a close
second and the rest scattering. All the
convolutions of political workings and
schemes during ten days of the most
active plotting and planning have failed
to change the status.
I asked Congressman Maguire of Cali
fornia how the delegation stood for Presi
dent, and he replied that if a vote were to
be taken now Bland would be in the lead,
with the remainder of the delegation di
vided and with no particular choice.
James V. Coleman was asked the same
question, and he replied that tbe only
members of the delegation who were
working for Bland were Congressman
Maguire and Caminetti; that the rest of
the delegation had no candidate at all.
"By the way," asked Mr. Coleman, "who
has put up Governor Altgeld as the man
ager of thisconvention? By whatauthority
does he presume to dictate and Jay out
programmes? I nave been trying to find
out since I have been here, but I have not
been able to learn what power is behind
the Governor of Illinois. He certainly
has not the California delegation."
E. E. Leak, Commissioner of Public
J Works for California, said that he was a
i gold man, but that while be had not been
I instructed by the district convention
! which had selected him as a delegate, be
I ieJt bound in honor by the platform
adopted by the State Convention.
"How many gold men are there in tbe
delegation?" I asked.
"There are, I should say, one-half of the
delegation whoj^ersonaily as individuals
are in favor of sound money, but they will
vote for silver under their instructions."
"In other words," I suggested, "they
will vote against their consciences, against
their better judgment."
"Yes to a certain extent."
Mr. Coleman in a subsequent conversa
tion said that he did not think that Dick
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1596.
Bland would get the nomination for the
Presidency. There would be a good many
combinations, and if it came to a decisive
stage the supporters of all the other can
, didates in the field would combine against
him. Mr. Coleman added that Senator
White would have a very good chance of
getting the nomination in such a contin
| gency, but that the Senator would not al
\ low his name to be used.
The headquarters of the California dele
j gation were open to-day as were also sev
eral cases of wine. A long table was
spread at one end of the handsomely
furnished parlor and two smiling colored
1 men under the direction of Delegate T. T.
[ 1 .me served all comers with Shasta water,
; Haut Sauterne, Zinfandel and Burgundy.
! It would be needless to say, if I did not
prefer to say it, that the California head
; quarters are the most popular in the city.
j Colonel John P. Irish appeared at the del
■ gation headquarters with a lurid light in
j hia usually calm ultramarine eyes. He
; remarked that he was going to make the
fur By in certain unrucntionea quarters
and from my knowledge of the colonel's
j ability both with pen and tongue I have
| no doubt that a real roasting cyclone will
strike the Democratic camp somewhere
amidships.
Outside of New \ork there appears to be
more energy concentrated in the Califor
nia delegation than in any other with
• which I have come in contact. Make a
j composite picture of M. F. Tarpey, Senator
i White, John P. Irish. Congressman Ma
guire and W. W. Foote and you have
about as stubborn and as pushing and as
' hard-pulling a tug-of-war team as you
could tind anywhere. Tha California dele
gation on this occasion, by not being
I pledged to any particular candidate, may
be able to make itself heard to good ad
vantage in its National council, for it
! surely has the right kind of material.
The crowding stage of the convention
week was initiated to-day. It was difli
| cult (or a person to make way against trie
j turbulent tide of humanity that ebbed
j and flowed north and south on State street,
and that whirled and eddied and piled up
a great delta of human driftwood in front
of the entrance fo the Palmer House. It
was almost as much as a man's pocket
: book was worth to throw himself in the
| midst of this mass and be slowly pressed
i in3ide, where be could see nothing but
! tobacco smoke and hear nothing but noise.
j Bands heading the arriving delegations
I during the day make it a point to blow
! their wa}* in with their instruments
I through this viscid, sluggish mass of
; political deoravity and taking their stand
| in the middle of the lobby to play patri
| otic airs and drown the arguments of the
loud-voiced men wrangling over the finan
cial question.
While I was in the midst of the snffocat
i ing crowd this afternoon the band was
playing the stirring strains of "The Red,
I White and Blue." During a pause in the
music a man from Pike County, Missouri,
shouted "Give us 'Dixie. 1 " The band at
once strunk up that soul-stirring air so
reminiscent of the cotton fields, the moon
lit river glimmering among the rushes and
the sound of the banjo and the song of the
happy darky in the good and the bad days
of long ago.
In a little entresol, the balcony of which
overlooks the clerk's desk, are gathered a
, crowd, mostly of women spectators, occu
pants of the hotel, who perspire and till
! their lungs with tobacco smoke and dust
| for hours and hours at a stretch watching
i the silver cranks wrangling on the floor
below and listening to the music of the
bands as they lead the delegates into the
; hall.
To-morrow Governor Altgeld will show
the Democracy into the Coliseum corral
and will brand the letter "A" upon the
; National Democracy if Chairman Hill
j gives him the least opportunity.
John Paul Cobgrave.
SENATOR STEWART'S VIEW.
Plenty of Tried and True Candi
dates In the Field for the
Presidency.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— Benator Stew-
art of Nevada, speaking to a United Press
representative to-day on the situation,
said:
"I find delegates generally discussing
i how they can secure the combined votes
j of Democrats, Populists and silver Reoub-
I licans. It is generally conceded that, all
j parties would vote for Teller and that his
nomination would secure success. But
! many of them have their own candidates
who have been faithful free-ailverites, and
they cannot see why everybody should not
vote for their favorite. There are a large
number of good and tried men in the
I field, any one of whom ought to satisfy
; gold adherents. However, the paramount
: desire for victory is so great that it seems
! probable at this time that party prejudice
will be buried and that there will be a
union upon a representative man of ail
the parties interested, and that the man
j selected will lead to victory."
Bryan Has Hopes.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— Ex-Represent
ative Bryan of Nebraska thinks the action
of the National Committee recommending
the seating of the gold delegates from Ne
braska will only increase the interest in
the Nebraska contest, and that the matter
will be settled in favor "f thp silver dele
gates as :oon as action is had by the con
vention.
BAD HANDS
BACK BOIES,
Huntington's Man Friday
Bobs Up Serenely at
Chicago.
AN EVIL WIND, INDEED,
FOR THE OHIOAN.
Congressman Maguire Discovers
the Doings of Boyd, the
Noted Lobbyist
ORGANIZATION OF THE DELE
GATES FROM CALIFORNIA.
Joseph J. Dwyer to Be the Next Na
tional Committeeman of the
Golden State.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel. V
Chicago, 111., July 6. j
This has been a busy and exciting day.
Delegations representing Bland, Boies,
Blackburn, Matthews, Pattison and Teller
have been flitting from hotel to hotel pre
senting the records and the strong points
in favor of tlieir several candidates. Rep
resentatives of all these candidates visited
the California headquarters to-day and
made such strong showings for their
favorites that while they may not have
aided our choice they have at least stimu
lated, our party pride. Much as we
honored our leaders we did not previously
realize how grand a galaxy of statesmen
we had to choose from.
Bland is still in the lead and ia gaining |
strength. To-day the Illinois delegation |
pledged him its solid support. I saw ex- j
Congressman Fithian of Illinois just after |
this action was taken and he said emphati- I
cally that Bland can carry Illinois and
that with any other candidate the State
will be doubtful. He says that Boies can
not carry Illinois.
The Teller mo vcment is still strong, but i
it is not to strong as it was on Saturday. '
Bland is drawing from Teller's supporters.
The argument that Bland is as good and
as reliable a silver man as Teller; tliat fel
ler and his followers, having failed in the
Republican party to get a silver platform,
should not now ask the Democratic Con
vention not oiily for a favorable platform,
but also for the candidate, are having their
effect and will probably prevail.
Boies is handicapped to-day by the ap
pearance of Joun Boyd — Mr. Huntington's
shadow — to solemnly assure delegates
that, in his opinion, Boies would make an
ideal President. Poor Boies! What
secret treason has brought down upon
him, in this evil hour, the friendship of
such public enemies? The Boies commit
tee, however, made an excellent impres
sion on our delegation.
Matthews' u'fcht is quiet and dignified.
It is what may be called a waiting fight.
If the tiorce. ntrugele amonc the leading
candidates should end in the failure of all
of them he will occupy an admirable posi
tion. He is an uncompromising silver man,
with a most excellent record on that and
on all other public questions.
Pattison has a splendid record, but he
cannot be nominated because of his hos
tile or, at least, uncertain position on sil
ver.
The fight between the silver and gold
forces will be precipitated at the verf open
ing of the convention to-morrow. The ma
jority of the National Committee has
ohosati to provoke the contest by insisting
upon presenting the name of Senator Hill
for temporary chairman. The minority
will present the name of either Senator
Daniel or ex-Congressman Bryan.
Our delegation to-day decided to vote as
a unit for the candidate of the majority.
It is said to-night that the gold men are
offering votes to Boies in exchange #or
votes for Hiil. If the Boies men should
vote for Hill it would be regarded as trea
son by the silver men.
The California delegation was in session
for nearly four hours to-day. Joseph J.
Dwyer was elected National Committee
man. Senator White was selected to rep
resent the State on the committee on plat
form and resolutions. Mr. Maguire on rules
and order of business, Mr. Burke on cre
dentials, Mr. Coleman on organization and
Mr. Caminetti on notification of President
and Vice-President. Mr. Church was
named for State vice-president of the con
vention and Mr. Wise for assistant secre
tary of the convention.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti called atten
tion to the fact that the last State Conven
tion had instructed the delegation to use
all honorable means to secure in the Na
tional platform a resolution in opposition
to the refunding of the Pucific railroads
debt. He said that the question was
National in its character and results; that
a Democratic House of Representatives
had defeated the Reilly bill; that a like
measure, the Powers bill, is now pending
in the House of Representatives, and that
it would be proper for the National Con
vention to indorse the action of the Fifty
third Congress ia defeating the measure
and to pledge the party to oppose the
scheme.
Each member of the delegation agreed
to make a personal effort with the mem
bers of the committee on resolutions to
secure the adoption of such a plank. No
action was taken on the question of agree
ing on a candidate for President, and it is
probable that no such action will be taken
until after the iirst ballot for President.
P. Burke, R. P. Troy, Mr. Hirshbergand
other visiting Democrats were selected as
alternates to fill the places of those who
are absent.
The California headquarters are quite
popular and the yoang men of the delega
tion are excellent hosts.
James G. Magcire.
STATE ORGANIZATION.
Delegations Name Their National
Commltteemen and Discuss
Their Preferences.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 6.— There was
something approaching a scene in the
Tennessee delegation meeting this morn
ing. Senator Cockrell of Missouri pre
sented Bland's claims, and ex-Senator
Patrick Walsh of Georgia championed
Hoies. Tue delegates from Tennessee
were understood to be equally divided as
to the merits of these candidates.
In tbe course of the discussion Governor
O. H. FARRES, THE ORIGINAL BLAND BOOMER AND PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE
OF "SILVER DICK" AT THE CHICAGO CONVENTION.
[Sketched frovi life in Chicago for "The Call" by J. Kahler.]
Boies' recently published letter was read,
in which he advocated unlimited coinage,
but limited legal tender for the American
silver product.
This aroused the ire of Senator Harris,
and in the emphatic language for which
he is noted, he condemned the action of
Boies as more than foolish. He was sur
prised tbat a man like Boies should advo
cate the policy credited to him, a policy so
eutirely at variance with the wishes and
desires of the silver wing of the party.
It did not mitigate the wrath of Senator
Harris to be informed that the position
was a compromise, suggested a longtime
ago to meet a situation that did not now
exist. Still, he expressed his belief that
Boies is the most available man. This
severe criticism of his own candidate by
Mr. Harris weakened some of the other
delegates who had been inclined toward
Boies and, it is said, somewhat weakened
his chances and increased those of Bland.
No action was taken, the understanding
being that the delegation should meet
again to settle the question of a candi
date. The delegation is bound Dy the
unit rule and the struggle promises to be
interesting.
The Wyoming delegates passed resolu
tions favoring a tariff for revenue only,
free silver, and declared themselves for
Bland.
The Texas men had a little row over the
question of the temporary chairmanship
of the convention, some of the delegates
wanting to pass a resolution for Bryan,
but it raised so much opposition that it
was tabled.
The Texas delegates finally indorsed the
candidacy of I'.iand for President and se
lected Congressman J. W. Bailey to sec
ond Mr. Blanu's nomination.
The Missouri men feel so positive of
Bland's nomination that at the caucus
this morning it was decided not to elect a
National Committeeraan, but to leave the
place open until after the convention,
whon they propose to permit Bland to se
lect a man agreeable to nim.
Full committees were elected as follows:
Kentucky — Chairman, O. >l. Junes; resolu- |
tions, J. S. C. Blackburn; credentials, Dnvid 11.
Murray; permanent organization, George <'.
Gilbert; rules, W. T. Ellis; to notify Presiden
tial nominee, John S. (iiirner; Vice-Presiden
tial nominee, R. F. Tomlinoou.
South Carolina— Chairman, Hon. B. R. Till
man; credentials, \\ . 11. KUerbe; rules, W. D.
Evans: resolutions, B. R. Tiliman; National
Committeeman, B. R. Tiliman.
Oregon— Chairman, L. P. Mullinix; creden
tials, W. F. Butciier; permanent organization,
J. Welch; resolutions, M. A. Miller; notifica
tion, J. \V. Howard.
New Hampshin — Chairman, Frank Jones;
credentials, Charles A. .Sinclair; permanent
organization, Gordon Woodbury ; rules, Amos
M. Klandin ; resolutions. I. W. Drew; to notify
candidate for President, H. J. Jones; to notify
candidate for Vice- President, Gordon Wood
bury; National Committeeman, A. W. Sullo
way.
lowa— Chairman, S. B. Evans; credentials,
W. A. Wells; permanent organization, R. F.
j Gordon; rules, F. D. Bayliss; resolutions, J. S
Murphy; to notify candidates— President, L.
P. Jenung; Vice-President, W. H. Stackhouse;
National Committeeman, C. A. Walsh.
Mississippi— Chairman, E. C. Walthall; cre
dentials, A. J. MeLaurin: permanent organi
zation, R. Cassidy; rules, H. I). Money; resolu
tions, J. Z. George; notify candidate for Presi
dent, Patrick Henry; Vice-President, W. G.
Yeager; National Conimltteman, W. V. Sul
livau.
Wyoming— Chairman, John E. Osborne; cre
dentials, John W. Samon; permanent organi
zation, Tim Dyer; resolutions. C. W. Brumel;
to notify candidate for President, M. L Blake;
Vice-President, Robert Foote; Natioual Com
mitteeman, W. H. Holliday.
Connecticut— Chairman, Thomas M. Waller;
credentials, E. B. Coogan; permanent organi
zation, James. Aldrich; rules, L. T. Tingier;
resolutions, Lynde Harrison; National Com
mitteeman, Carlos French.
Texas— Chairman, C. A. Culberson ; creden
tials, J. W. Blake; permanent organization
and rules, John M. Duncan; resolutions, John
11. Reagan; notify candidates for President,
John L. Slieppard; Vice-President, John Love
joy; National Committeeman, J. D. Dudley.
Minnesota— Chairman, p. V. Winston; per
manent organization, J. R. McGovern; rules,
C. W. Schultz; resolutions, James E. OBrien;
notify President, B. F. Voorheis; Vice-Presi
deut, John Noonan ; National Committeeman,
Daniel \\. Lawler.
The test of strength between gold and
silver was made on the selection for mem
ber of the resolutions committee, James
EL O'Brien, a gold man, being chosen by a
vote of 12 to 6.
Vermont— Chairman, T. W. Moloney; cre
dentials, S. C. Shurtliff; permanent organiza
tion. Welis Valentine; rules, W. 11. Creaine;-;
resolutions, p. J. Parrel! ; to notify candidates,
Michael Magiff ; National Committeeman, B.
B. Smalley.
Missouri— Chairman, W. J. Stone; creden
tials, M. E. Benton; permanent organization
and rules, C. F. Cochran; resolutions, Francis
M. Cockrell; to notify candidates, W. M. Eads.
North Carolina — Chairman, Theodore E.
Kulz; credentials, W. D. Turner; permanent
organization, K. B. Jones; rules, A. M. Wad
dell ; resolutions, E. J. Hale; notification,
George H. Powell und P. M. Pearsall; National
Committeeman, Josephus Daniel; honorary
vice-president, John R. Webster.
A. M. Waddeil was selected to place
Judge Walter Clark in nomination for
Vice-President. After a fis;ht of nearly
three hours ihe delegation adopted the
unit rule as to their candidate and plat
form. The motion was carried by a ma
jority of one. The delegation is in entire
accord as to a 16 to 1 plank, but split on
the candidate feature. If the majority in
sists on the unit rule with respect to the
candidate the majority will, they assert,
appeal to the convention.
Arizona— J. L. 13. Alexander, chairman; J. F.
Wilson, credentials; Hugh Campbell, perma
nent organization and ru.es; W. H. Barnes,
resolutions; W. E. Jones, notification.
Massachusetts— Chairman, John W. Cor
coran; credentials, John C. Crosby; perma
nent organization, George P. Maxwell; resolu
tions, John E. Russell; notification, James
Donovan; National Committeeman, John W.
Corcoran.
Delegate O'Sullivan of Lawrence, a free
silver advocate, on the tirst motion made
moved to substitute the name of John F.
O'Brien for that of Maxwell as a member
of the committee on permanent organiza
tion and rmide a lengthy speech, giving
what he termed a plain talk on the finan
cial situation. His motion was defeated
by a vote of 10 to 11. It is not thought
this is an accurate test of the strength of
the silver men in the delegation, but it is
admitted that at lf>ast four of the thirty
votes of the delegation will be cast for free
silver and several are considered doubtful.
George Fred Williams is one of the four
who will vote ior free silver.
Colorado — Chairman, R. W. Ppear; creden
tials, T. J. O'Donnell; permanent organiza
tion. B. Sweeny; resolutions, C. S. Thomas;
notify President. T. J. O'Donnell; notify Vice-
President, E. i). McCarthy; National Cummit
teeman, Adair Wilson.
California — Chairman, W. W. Footo; creden
tials, W. R. Bourki-; permanent organization,
James V. Coleman; rules, James G. Maguire;
resolutions, Hieplieu SI. Wiiite; notify Presi
dent, A. Caminetti; Vice-President, J. W.
Church; National Committeeman, J. J. Dwyer.
Delaware— Willard Snulsbury, chairman;
William H. Boyce, credentials; B. H. Lewis,
permanent organization; John F. Saulsbn ry,
rules; George F. Gray, resolutions; B. H.
Kenny, National Committeeman. The delega
tion v, ill vote five for gold and one for silver.
Kansas— Chairman, Joim Martin; committee
on credentials, M. L. Love; permanent organ
ization, J. H. Atwood; rules, S. A. Rtggs; reso
lutions,!. D. Mcl.averty; notify candidates,
Frank Bacon ; National Committeeman, J. G.
Johnson. The delegation resoived to support
Biand solidh- and to '•••commend W. J. Bryan
of Nebraska for temporary chairman.
New York — Rosweil P. Flower, chairman;
George B. McClellan, secretary. Members of
tlie convention committees: Resolutions,
David B. Hill; National Committeeman, Wil
liam 1-". Bheehan; credentials. Smith M. Weed;
permanent organization, K. 11. Condert; mem
ber of the committee to notify candidate ior
President, Elliott Danforth; to notify candi
date ior Vlee-Pnsident, Demon Beckwltb.
Senator Hill was unable to be present at
the organization, but the other delegates
at large were there and nearly every mem
ber of the delegation. Mr. Whitney was
there for a short time, but as he had othar
work to do He withdrew early. William
F. Sheehan told what the National com
mittee had done to-day, and described the
scene that took place when Daniei was de
feated by Hill for temporary chairman.
Smith M. Weed made some remarks
laudatory of the work accomplished by
the advance guard of New York gold men
who had come to Chicago last Friday. It
was decided to assess each delegate $25 for
the expenses of the delegation, and a big
pile of money soon accumulated on the
desk of the presiding otiicer. Congressman
Sulzer, who represents the eleventh dis
trict in the delegation, intended m present
his Cuban plank for indorsement, but he
changed his mind and will present it in
stead to the general committee on resolu
tions.
Wisconsin— E. C. Wall, re-elected as National
Committeeman; General Bragg, chairman of
delegation; John 11. Brennan, credentials;
James G. Flanders, permanent organization ;
John F. Wood, rules ; Senator Vilas, resolu
tions; J. E. Malone, notification.
West Virginia— Colonel John T. McGraw, Na
tional Committeeman, and General J. W\ Sin
clair, chairman of delegation.
Morth Dakota— Senator W. N. Roacn, chair-
man; committee on credentials, J. H. Holt;
permanent organization, 11. H. Hart man ; rules,
J. B. Eaton; resolutions, W. N. Roach; notifi
cation, W. N. Roach. The delegates are not in
structed, but will vote as a unit for silver.
Michigan — Chairman, E.G.Stevenson; com
mittee on credentials, J. G. Brucker; perma
nent organization, L. H. Salsbury; rules, Peter
White; resolutions, T. A. E. Weadock; National
Committeeman, Elliott G. Stevenson.
The Louisiana delegation was in caucus
for over three hours this afternoon consid
erine the question of indorsing one of the
candidates for the Presidency.
Senator Jones of Arkansas and Senator
Stewart of Nevada appeared for Teller and
T. Gennug of lowa sjioke for Governor
Boies. Action on the matter was deferred.
Nebraska— Chairman, P. J. Mahoney; cre
dentials, Euclid Martin; permanent organiza
tion, P. B. Rolfe; rules, I). K. Lease; resolu
tions. N. S. Harwond; notification, 1). W.
Cook; National Committeeman, Tobias Castor.
Alabama— Chairman, Tennant Loniax; cre
dentials, F. T. Goodwin; permanent orguniza-*
tion, R. E. Sprasrgir.s; rules, unnamed; reso
lutions, J. H. Bankhead; notification, J. J.
Willett and J. A. Rountree; National Commit
teemau, deferred until to-morrow.
Idaho selected William H. Watt as chair
man, Barry Hilliard on resolutions and George
Kinsley as National Committeeman.
The Georgia delegation chose Patrick Walsh
as its cnairman; H. T. Lewis on credentials;
Evan P. Howell on permanent organization,
rules and resolutions; J. T. Hill on committee
to notify the candidate for President, and
R. O. Howard oc Vice-President. Clark
Howell was selected National Committeeman.
TAMMANY ARRIVES.
Two- Hundred and Thirty Braves
Enter the City Without
Ostentation. .
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— Tammany ar- !
rived in Chicago this morning, 230 strong.
The delegation came in two sections— one
over the ; Michigan Central and the other
over the Lake Shore. They did not march
from the station to the Auditorium, where
they will have quarters, but proceeded {
quietly and unostentatiously to that hotel.
They are making little noise and are not
attempting to attract attention by wearing
any conspicuous uniforms or securing tbe
services of a brass band. This is in marked
and noticeable contrast with their habits
of previous years.
WESTERN DELEGATES MEET
Favor Senator Danlel for Tem
porary Chairman and Dis
cuss Teller.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— There was a
conlerence to-night in Colorado's head
quarters of delegates from the Rocky
Mountain States, Utah, Nevada, Idaho,
New Mexico, Wyoming and Colorado be
ine represented. It was agreed that the
minority report of the National Commit
tee naming Senator Daniel for temporary
chairman be supnorted, and that the ad
mission of Territories a- Ptatas be advo
cated. It was also decided that the dele
gates support the restoration of the old'
"territorial representation of six in Na
tional Conventions. There was an infor
mal talk on candidates for the Presiden
tial nomination, and some efforts were
made to secure a united support for Teller.
This proposition did not entirely meet the
views of all those present, and no action
was taken.
A CUBAN PLANK.
Favors Prompt Interposition by
This Government to Restore
Peace.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— The following
Cuban plank is in the hands of a dozen
members of the committee on resolutions,
who have signified their approval of it,
and to-morrow it will be presented to the
full committee for incorporation in the
platform :
We extend our sympathy to the people of
Cuba in their heroic struggle against the cor
rupt and cruel political system which has op
pressed ami impoverished them, and we look
forward with confidence to the day wnen the
new republic shall take- its place among the
nations of the earth. The Spanish Govern
ment is no longer capable of maintaining its
authority in the island' of Cuba or fulfilling
the treat; obligations and the destruction
of American property on the island and
■ -■'■"% AXE NO SUBSTI-
tute for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla:
This herb remedy is home product, and
it is at the same time the best produced in
the world's market.
Joy's Sarsauariila has been indorsed by
the leading ladies in the country.
Brings no pimples.
Cures habitual constipation.
■ ■ .- .-- r .}■ ■ , -■„ ■,■
TESTIMONIAL.
Tlie Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
man: I have been subject to bilious head-
aches and constipation for several years
past— in fact, for a year or so back have
been so bad that I would have to take phy-
sics every other night or else I would have
a headache or dull, mean feeling. I have
taken one bottle of your Sarsaparilla and
I have derived great benefit from it, and
believe it to be a permanent cure for sick
headache. CHAS. ELKINGTON,
25 Locust avenue.
1 \ c " A^ &ARD " if
MANLY VIGOR
«aßTjrjs3flsN/'fV f~\NCE MORE in harmony
111 l! *£§ with tno "world, 2000
mfINCE MORE men are
*-* with the world, 2000
completely cured men are
I m|v* -»\ singing happy praises for
II nl^v rh— • the greatest, grand-
g-v^, x*;c^-j;<yjj^ es ' i and most sue-
JfrpT-^yffiVftjii^^jS) cessful cure for sex-
' V^'i'y^^S^ySS 11!il weakness anil
I l! ! U>\ Vrt^lfcSv loetvigo* known to
! bixVv_^"Yvw^. medical science. An,
•I \\Jr**^ : *^l/£i*\ "v account of this won~
s**z3 v^^rf^^O^ < ' '"' discovery, in
s2i£pS ((/t<^'k. '*i&^ book form with ref-
<*^ i 1^ crencos and proofs,
*^"^ «r ■vvi'l be sent to Buf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vigor
! permanently restored. Failure impossible.
\ MEDICAL CQ,,BUFFALO,N.Y.
i COSIMtOI'OIjITAIO 1 .
I Opposite (J. S. Mint, 100 and 10 .Fifth sL, H»i
: >rancisco Cal.— The most select family hot at la
the city. Board an J room.* $1, $1 Hi and $1 50 pac
■ day, according id room. . MeaLs - Jc. . Kooms, JJa
and Too a day. re« coach to and :rotu tiia uo"-*u
Look, fur the coaou bean n$ tna nuna ot ma Oo««
tuupuliuu Hotel. WZL i'-i.UKV. l'ropneios.
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
! rmVO HOTTBKS, 10 rooms and bath EACH.
; 1 Sacramento street, between Van .Ness avenue
j and Franklin. Cheap.
G. 11. u:>IBSKX & CO.. 14 Montgomery street.
Witt's "■Mai -. TesßtaMe Pills
Are 'acknowledged by thousands of persons whs
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
| TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, ami
purify the blood.
Grossman's Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change In application to business. Tha medicin*
contains uothiiig that is of the i least injury to th» -
coiulilutiou. Aak^cui- OruCiji^iJ'ori^ l J nc<» *i »
M(Ue> _, ■■ , , ■ - .-.■ ■ :,;
34
the repeated imprisonment of American citi
zens, without due process of law, the annihila
tion of American commerce, the frequent
alarms on our coast and the constant menace
to our peace, impose upon the Government of
the United States the duty of restoring order
in Cuba.
We therefore favor the prompt interposition
of our Government, end believe a Government
satisfactory to the (Juban people should be
established as a guarantee of permanent peace.
It is stronger than the plank adopted at
St. Louis, which only calls for the friendly
offices of the Government. Ex-Speaker
Sulzer of the New York Assembly, one of
the delegates from that- State, has added a
paragraph 10 the plank calling for the
recognition of the Cubans' belligerency,
but that is believed by the Cuban plank
custodians to be inconsistent with the
Government intervention section, and it
is not likely to be included.
SEVERAL STATE CAUCUSES.
Bland and Pennoyer the Ticket
That Would Suit the
Oregonlans.
CHICAGO. 111., July <i.— .^veral State
delegations held caucuses at the Palmer
House to-night to select coramitteemen
and decide upon a choice for the Presi
dency. In the latter respect but poor re
sults were reached, most of the delegations
deferring action upon the question until
to-morrow.
There was an uninteresting fight in the
Michigan caucus. The gold men who were
seated by the National Committee were on
hand in force. The silver men tried to run
the caucus and insisted on adjourning
until after the credentials committee had
met. The gold men objected to this and
declared that unless business was pro
ceeded with they would bolt. The matter
was finally compromised by an adjourn
ment for two hours.
When the caucus reassembled the gold
men put through their candidates. The
silver men at once filed a protest on the
ground that the gold men were not prop
erly accredited delegates. The silver men
announced that they would fipht the mat
ter in the committee on credentials.
At the caucus of the Oregon delegation
it was decided to withdraw their candi
date, Bylvester Pennoyer, as a candidate
for the Presidency and run him for second
place. They will thro.^ whatever strength
they have to Bland, in return for which
tlie Bland men have, it is asserted, prom
ised to support Pennoyer for ?he Vice-
Presidency.
The Alabama contingent held a caucus
and heard speeches in behalf of Bland,
Boies, Matthews and others. They came
to no decision, however, and adjourned
until to-morrow.
The Texas delegation discussed the ad
visability of participating in the silver cau
cus, the secession of the Texas gold dele
gations and other matters and declared for
Mr. Bland.
The Mississippi delegation was addressed
by Governor Stone in behalf of Bland, and
also by the supporters of Boies. After
having heard arguments they adjourned
without expressing any choice.
ASSOCIATION CLUBS.
Conference of Representatives of
the State Organizations Pre
sided Over by McMlllln.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— A conference
of the representatives of State Associa
tions composing the National Association
of Democratic Clubs was held to-night at
the headquarters of the National Asso
ciation in the Auditorium. In the ab
sence of Postmaster-General Wilson, chair
man of the executive committee, who was
detained in "Washington by official duties,
Congressman Benton McMillinof Tennes
see., presided.
The States of New York, New Jersey,
Connecticut, Massachusetts, Vermont,
Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Maine,
West Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee,
Florida, Georgia, Virginia, Illinois, Indi
ana, Ohio, Minnesota, Utah, Wisconsin,
lowa, Colorado and California were repre
sented.
The condition of the club organizations
in those States was reported to be uni
formly good.
The reports of the probable attendance
of ..clubs throughout the country at the
National Convention to be held in St.
Louis on September 30 was of a character
to insure the most largely attended gath
ering of Democratic clubs in a National
campaign in the history of State and Na
tional league club organization.
Sv«V;^: ■ 1 " ♦
A CLUMSY FORGERY.
Gompers Did Not Write the Tele- !
; gram Purporting to Indorse
'■\ '<. "'?'". j McLean.
iCEtICAGO, 111., July 6.— Samuel Gom
ptrs, president of the American Federa- ■
tion of Labor, j requests the publication of
the fo'lowing: ■'. . \\
*• ','■ .'■ ■'■■■ . "'■ Chicago, 111., Ju1y 6. 1896.
;To the Public: This morning's papers pub- :
lish a dispatch purporting to have been sent
Dy me - July- 4 from Indianapolis to
Beriah Wllkin?, indorsing the candidacy of |
Mr. John R. McLean for the nomination for the j
Presidency. I beg to say that the dispatch is a '.
clumsy forgery, fabricated to deceive, and is a j
vicious attempt to use my name and position.
in the labor movement for a purpose foreign
to Americans and methods of the American !
Federation of Labor.
This is not written to prejudice Mr. McLean's
candidacy, or to further that of any other gen
tleman, but in the interest of our cause, the
members and devotees of which have a right to j
insist i hat as their executive officer I shall in
no way influence the choice. Very respect
fully. Samuel Gompers,
President American Federation of Labor.
♦
TEXAS FOR BLAND.
The Leader of the I one Star Dele- I
Ration Says He Is a
Winner.
CHICAGO, 111., July 6.— When Mr. Bai- I
ley, the head of the Texas delegation, was
informed by a reporter of the Unite \ Press
thai Illinois had voted 41 to 7 for Bland, he
exclaimed :
"That settles it; he is as good as nomi- j
nated already."
He mentioned the fact that the Texas
delegation at Its meeting to-day had for- '
mally voted in accordance with the practi
cal instructions of the State Convention to •
give ils unanimous support to Blanl.
"He is the best man the convention can ■
nominate," said Mr. Bailey, "and will ■
come nearer than any one else could do to j
polling the whole silver vote of the coun- j
try."
• .
Cleveland Kept Posted.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., July 6.— lt is
intimated here that the President will be
in ciose connection with the sound-money
leaders at the Chicago convention, and
will be kept posted during the entire scs
i on. Secretary Olney has not yet called
on the President, but may do so to-mor
row.
The report that Secretaries Lamont and
Carlisle had been summoned to Gray
Gables by the President is not credited
nere.
♦
The New National Party.
ALLIANCE, Ohio, July 6.— A mani
festo and declaration of principles has
been batted by the National party, which !
was organized by the seceders from the I
Prohibit;*' 1 : National Convention at Pitts- I
burg. Ihe manifesto declares that it is 1
the inalienable right of any citizen to
"arliliate with that political party which
he regard* as tho best exponent of his
views,'' and favors among" other things
free coinage at 16 to 1, equal suffrage ior
men and women, election of President
and Vice-President and United States
Senators by direct vote, restriction of im
migration and the adoption of the initia
tive and relerendum.
Colored Men for McKinley.
CANTON, Ohio, July 6.— John R. Lynch,
the colored politician of Mississippi, and
M. A. Montgomery, candidate for Con
gress in the Second Mississippi District,
were callers for a few hours at the -Me-
Kinley home to-day. They left in the
aiiernoon for Cleveland to see Mr. Hanna.
Mr. Lynch said: "The colored men will
ull vote for McKinley. His record is clear
and his name rouses wonderful enthusiasm
wherever it is spoken."
DISASIROUS CLOUDBURSTS.
Great Destruction of Property in Ohio
and Uest Virginia.
BELLAIRE, Ohio, July 6.— A cloud
burst occurred early this morning in this
section of Ohio, doing very great damage
to property. Sheep, horses and cattle
were drowned. Trestlework, bridges and
seven houses were wrecked. The large
canning and preserving works of McMillen
Brothers was swept away by the water in
Wegee Creek. Up to this hour no lives
have been lost.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 6.— A heavy
cloudburst early this morning raised the
streams tributary to the Ohio River to
such a:i extent as to cause inestimanle
damage to the city and vicinity. Bridges
were washed out from here to a point eight
miles south.
At noon to-day the passenger and freight
bridges of the Baltimore and Ohio in this
city were swept out. Little loss of life is
reported.
INCIDENT OF THE FOURTH
Americans and Canadians Drink
Together on a Rat Portage
Steamer.
United States Revenue Officer Seized
the Craft Inr Smuggling, but
It Got Away.
RAT PORTAGE, Ont., July 6.— A very
startling incident occurred at the Fourth
j of July celebration held at Long Point,
Minn., on the American side of the Lake
!of the Woods. A large excursion steamer
i left here Friday night with a large crowd
! intent on seeing the sports and joining in
i the festivities. The refreshment buffet of
! the steamer was not closed, as it should
I have been, and the Americans and Cana-
I dians showed their good fellowship by
; drinking Canadian whisky together.
A revenue othcer from the town of War
road, seeing a man intoxicated ashore, bo
| gan investigating. Finding the bar of tho
boat open he, with the aid of twelve
; American fishermen, immediately seized
i the craft as a smuggler, and put every
British sailor and passenger under arrest.
Yesterday the officer who remained in
! charge of the vessel directed Captain M < .
i Ritchie to sail for the mouth of the Rainy
River. The captain started for that port,
■ but changed his course unknown to the
othcer, and when in British water once
more he politely invited the Americans to
board a small steam launch which he hal
towed behind. As the British had the
superior force the Americans had no al
ternative and were taken to Rainy River,
while the steamer proceeded to Rat Port
atte. The matter will now have to be set
' tied between tho departments at Washing
ton and Ottawa.
A DESPERATE LOVER.
Prevented From Committing Murder and
Suicide by Det*ctivn.
WICHITA, Ka.ns.. July 6.— Miss Fanny
Minnick of Paola, Kans., came to this city
last week to escape the unwelcome atten
tions of August Mietzer, a young German
who had been employed on her father's
farm. Mietzer fell in love with Miss Min
nick and so annoyed her that \<e was dis
charged. He stili obtruded his attentions
on her, and when she came to Wichita he
decided to follow. He bought a revolver
and an engagement ring, and confided to
a friend that he was going to win iier or
kill her and then kill himself. Miss Min
nick was warned of the dancer, and to-day
when he entered the Wichita postoffice,
where he had arranged to meet her, de
tectives arrested him. He was fined $100
for carrying a concealed weapon. The
Minnick:- are prominent and wealthy.
LINCHED BY A MOB.
Fate of the Colored Assailant of the
Biix'.on Fatnily.
ROCKY ILLE, Md., July 6.— Sidney Ran
dolph, colored, who was confined in Mont
gomery County Jail here for a brutal
assault upon the Buxton family of
Gaithersburg, made J une 25, as a result of
wt.ich Sadie Buxton, the nine-year-old
daughtar, died, was taken from jail early
Saturday morning by a mob of twenty or
thirty people and hanged. Randolph pro
tested his innocence. The mob was well
organized and the entire nffair was con
ducted quietly and quicKiy. The motive
for Randolph's assault upon the Buxton
family has never been learned, but it is
generally believed it was done in revenge
for Buxton's testimony in a case against
a friend of Randolph's.
ALL HOPE ARANDONED.
Cruel Trick of One of the Twin Shaft
Reacuer*.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 6.— The ex
citement attending the Twin Shaft catas
trophe was by no means abated by the
report last nitrht that rapoings from the
imprisoned men had been heard. An
other thoroueh investigation was made
last nicht, and it was finally learned that
John Owen did the tapping to encourage
the miners at work. Owen belonged to
one of the shifts and was promptly dis
charged.
At 1 o'clock this mornine the rescuers
encountered a large rock and very little
progress was made. All hope of finding
any one alive has been abandoned.
■ , » —
Went to the Dance of Death.
ALLIANCE, Nebr., July 6.— H.
Hubbell, a wealthy stockman of this place,
attended a dance at Lakeside last night
and was found near the railroad track
early this morning breathing his last. A
deep wound, presumably made by a blow
from a revolver on ti.e back of the head,
caused death. It is supposed that revenue
was the motive. He was brought to this
city this morning. There is little clew to
the murderer.
• "; — ♦
Fotirtcen Prisoner* Escape.
GUTIIRIE, O. T., July 6.— The guards
in the United States jail were overpowered
late last night and fourteen prisoners es
caped. Bill Doolin and Dynamite Dick,
former memb -rs of the Dalton gang, who
were charged with murder, led the ont-
Ireak. After having subdued the guards
Ihe ringleaders called upon the thirty-nine
prisoners to follow them, but only four
teen took advantage of the opportunity.
A posse is in pursuit.
Sale of a Racing stable.
NEW YORK, N. V.. July 6.— The en
tire stable of Colonel J. Ruppert, Jr., who
is retiring Irom the turf, was sold at auc
tion in the Sheepshead Bay sale paddocks
this afternoon. With the exception of
Gotham, who was told for 16100, small
prices were realized.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JU'JLY 7, 1896.
WILD MOD RULES
MINNEAPOLIS,
Thousands of People Bun
koed at a Bicycle
Contest.
THE TREASURER SKIPS.
Being Unable to Secure Return
of Their Money a Riot
Results.
MANY HEADS ARE CRACKED.
Grand Stand Razed. Track and Fences
Demolished and General Havoc
Wrought.
MINNEAPOLIS. Mm., July 6.— For a
couple ot" hours to-night this city was
given over to mob rule and as a result
many people were injured, including sev
eral policemen. Tne trouble arose during
a female bicycle race. The management,
without previous announcement, raised
the price of admission from 25 cents to
$1 25, and when the time for starting
arrived the star attraction, Dottie Farns
worth, the champion woman rider of the
world, was not visible, but was detained
at her home as a result of illness.
The crowd refused to allow the race to
proceed and demanded their zuoney back.
The treasurer had, however, departed
with the receipts, and when this fact was
ascertained the riders were pulled bodily
from their wheels, the track was covered
with tacks and broken glass, and the
office was broken into by a couple of thou
sand enraged and defrauded people.
When they discovered that there was no
money in sight they took their revenge
out by tearing up the track, razing the
grand stand, ripping fences down, smash
ing several buildings into kindling-wood
and doing all the damage possible.
A mob alarm was turned into police
headquarters and a platoon of fifty police
men was sent to the spot. During the
clearing of the grounds several people
were badly injured, including three po
licemen, who were struck on the head
with bricks. Finally order was restored
and the injured men were removed to
their homes.
Action will be taken to-morrow against
the management, which includes several
prominent people, charging them with ob
taining money under false pretenses.
CHANING THE THREE FRIENDS.
Cnited States Crui*er Fails to Overtake,
the l ,'ihuMt.r
KEY WEST, Fla., July 6.— The steamer
Three Friends passed iiere at 9 a. m. pur
sued by the United States cruiser Raleigh.
Both vessels were under full steam, the
Three Friends being between eight and
ten miles ahead of the cruiser. When it
became known tnat a s-ieamer was being
chased up the gulf thousands of sympa
thizers rushed down to the beach and to
housetops to net a view of the brave little
filibuster. When first sighted the vessels
were a little this side of Sand Key light,
and, judging hy the volume of smoke cora
iiiLT from their smokestacks, were being
driven to their utmo>t capacity. W en
off this port the United States warship
Maine was signaled and the race kept on.
Finally when the Three Friends came in
uide the gulf the Raleigh altered her
course, giving up the chase. The reports
that the Raleigh fired at the steamer are
without foundation.
Riddled Hith Bullets for Rebellion.
HAVANA, Cuba, July 6.— Joaquin Par
luuon Pastrana was shot to-day in the Ca
banas fortress for the crime of rebellion.
Two volleys were necessary to give him a
coup de grace.
BELGIAN ELECTIONS.
JVo Change in Party Potition* in the
Chamber of Deputies.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, July 6.— The re
turns from districts in which candidates
were elected and a forecast of re-ballots
which will be required because of the fail
ure to elect in a number of districts, show
that there will be no alteration in the po
sition of the parties in the Chamber of
Deputies.
Explorer Stanley Dying in England.
LONDON, E*g., July 6. —Henry M.
Stanley, the African explorer and member
of Parliament for North Lambeth, who
has been ill several weeks with gastritis,
suffered a relapse last night and is now
lying in a critical condition.
THE NEWS OP SAN JOSE
! Fred Benson Sent to Fargo, N. D.,
to Identify a Supposed
Dunham.
; Inspector Spencer Orders the Destruc
tion of Cattle Infected With
Tuberculosis. -
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6— Fred T. Ben-
I soil of Santa Clara was deputized by
' Sheriff Lyndon to-day to go to Fargo,
North Dakota, for the purpose of identify
: ing the man arrested there about ten days
1 ago by Detective Bellison suspicion of be
i ing James C. Dunham, the Campbell mur
; derer. The picture forwarded by Bellis
: bears a strong resemblance to Dunham
'■ and the description tits the murderer, but
■ there is considerable doubt as to the sus
pect being the man wanted. Sheriff Lyn
don laid the matter before the Board of
i Supervisors and it Authorized the Sheriff
! to send someone who was acquainted with
Dunham to Fargo to identity the captive.
The man arrested gave the name of
George Dalton and said he came from
i Boston. He is now serving a 30-day
I term in the Fargo jail for stealing a bicy
cle.
. Benson knows Dunham intimately, hay
! ing gone to school with him for years. He
| left lor Fargo to-night.
— ♦ .
suicide of Ay orphax Gin i.
Frankie Marr F.nd* Her Life With Car
bolic Arid
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6.— Frankie Marr,
an eighteen-year-old girl, committed sui
cide this afternoon at the residence of F.
| H. Burke on the Alviso road, about three
i miles north of this city. The girl was an
; orphan, and bad been in the family over
| two years. She did some work around the
I house, but was tieeted much like an
adopted dauchter. Yesterday afternoon
Mrs. Burke drove to San Jose, and while
she was gone the girl was misled. The
door of her bedroom was found to be
lecked. Some stable boys were called
upon and when there was no response to
a call the uoor of the bedroom was broken
in. The pirl was found on the bed. life
already extinct. A bottle of carbolic acid
was close at hand and the burned appear
ance of the pirl's mouth showed that she
had taken a lar^e swallow of it. No cnuse
is known for the act, unless it was that
the girl was despondent over a slight re
proof by Mrs. Burke for some carelessness
in her work. Coroner Secord will hold an
inquest upon the remains to-morrow.
DISEASED CATTLE KILLED.
Inspector Spencer Stamping Out Tuber-
culosim on the Ranges.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6.— The reportof
City and County Veterinary Spencer for
the month of June shows thathe inspected
3#l head of cattle and subjected them to
the tuberculine test. Of these 52 showed
the necessary reaction and were con
demned; m autopsies confirmed the reli
ability of the tests.
The report shows that about IV4 per
cent of the cattle are affected with tuber
culosis. He recommended that a place
be set apnrt for slaughtering such con
demned animals, and condemned the prac
tice of allowing owners to bury the dead
stock in their fields, as the germs of dis
ease would become distributed.
£*- Officer Horn Goes Free.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6. -The examina
tion of ex-Policeman John Horn on a
charge of extortion preferred by Mrs.
Mamje Ketchum took place before Justice
(ias< to-day and resulted in the discharge
of the defendant. Mrs. Ketchum, a young
colored woman, testified that on the nirht
of June 13, Horn stopped her at tiie cor
ner of Santa Clara and Orchard streets
and threatened to arrest her for vagrancy
unless she gave him money. She gave
$1 80, all the money she bad. Horn look
the stand and denied tl c woman's story.
There were no other witnesses and Justice
Gas? dismissed the case for lack of evi
dence.
Hotel Burglars at Work.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6.— Burglars went
through a number of rooms in the St.
Elmo lodging-house early Sunday morn
ing. When the occupants awoke their
valuables were missing. The losses are:
J. R. Leffler, solid gold watch and chain;
George Aubrey, silver watch and $3; H.
Bock, silver watch and gold chain and 85
cents; D. Monroe, $5.
SAN RAFAEL SENSATION.
Auditor Benson Arrested on a
Charge of Assault and
Battery.
Comp'ainant Is His Mother-in-Law,
Against Whom H Lodges
Counter Charges.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., July 6.— Gossipers
are bi.sy over a new outbreak of domestic
trouble in a family that has figured some
what conspicuously for the past eighteen
months in the divorce court, and whose
discords have furnished tootns.>me mor-
tor scandal-lovers. Two Justices of
the Peace have enlarged their dockets this
week, Justice Gardner with a complaint
from Auditor Benson charging Mrs. Gass,
his former wife's mot er and the grand
mother of his little son, with using foul
language. The hearing was cut short by
the lady pleadirtg gui'ty and the imposi
tion of a light fine, which was promptly
paid.
Tnis was only the aftermath of a rase
before Justice Rodden, brought by Mrs.
Gass, who charged Benson with assault
and battery. The wife about a year ago
obtained a divorce, securing $100 alimony
and the custody of her son, 4 years old,
the husband to have certain priviiiges of
visiting the boy.
Recorder Benson has always charged his
troubles to the mother-in-law, and the
latest strife was with her. The wife and
mother have made much of the fact that
the Recorder's assistant in his office was a
young lady, whom they regard with evi
dent disfavor. On Friday evening last
Benson, in company with Miss Jones, the
assistant, was pa^sinc the house where
his former family lived.
Mrs. G ass stood by the gate. He says
she vilified the young lady. Greatly an
pered lie save the mother-in-law a »!ap in
the lace, whereupon the trouble occurred
which is to be ventilated in court.
The woman resented the blow by s;oing
for him wild a Sharkey hug, which he re
sisted by pushing and such tactics as
wou'd offset a woman's onslaught. The
parties differ materially as to the injuries
inflicted. Mrs. Gaps tdinks she was
knocked down and fears that two of her
ribs are broken, besides other injuries.
Benson says he only pushed her away to
prevent her from clawing his face.
SANTA ROSA AFFRAY.
Court Reporter Hall's Chinese Cook. As-
saulted in the Residence of His
Employer.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 6.— Court Re
porter George Hall of this city was awak
ened about 2 o'clock Sunday morning by
what sounded to him like a highbinder
war. Mr. Hall hurriedly sought the room
of his Chinese cook, where he found, en
gaged in a bloody battle, the cook and a
strange Chinaman. The stranger had a
large but dull hatchet, which he had used
with great ( ffect upon the domestic. After
a struggle Hail succeeded in securing the
woul<i-be murderer with a rope and de
livering him to a police officer.
The object of the attack was robbery,
and the robber had entered the room dur
ing the cook's absence and tliere awaited
his unsuspecting countryman's return.
The first blow of the hatchet cut deep into
the cook's neck and the second laid his
scalp open for several inches. Only the
dullness of the hatchet prevented a mur
der.
It is believed that the two had been
gambling, and that the cook made a large
winning, while the other lost enough to
make him desperate. Beinsr familiar with
his more lucky companion's quarters, he
laid his plans to recoup by murder and
robbery.
LOS ASQELES ASSESSMENT.
An Increase of Sixteen Million Dollar*
Otvr Hint of 1 nit iToTi
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 6.— County
Assessor Summerland to-day turned over
the new assessment books for 1896 to the
County Board of Equalization. "We have
not completely segregated the accounts of
the assessment," said tho Assessor, "but
in round numbers the assessment of prop
erty in the county is $98,500,000. The rail
road assessment last year was $2,225,000,
soevenifthe railroad assessment remains
at that figure it will make the total as
sessed valuation of the county about $100,
-700,000. The county assessment last year
was $82,200,000. The increase this yea"r i.%
in round numbers, $16,200,000."
Suicide at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 6.-Charles Wil
son, a California miner in the days of '49,
was found dead in bed this afternoon,
having cut his throat. He made a fortune
during the Cariboo excitement, but died
in poverty in a barn, where he had lived
for two years.
EQUINE CONTESTS
ON NAPA'S TRACK,
Auspicious Opening of the
Agricultural Society's
Meeting.
JEFFE'S EASY VICTORY.
Captures the 2:40 Trot in Straight
Heats Without Being
Extended.
PRINCE BISMARCK IN FRONT.
Promise Me, a Good Thing in the
Pace, Beaten by the German-
Named Horse.
NAPA, Cal., July 6.-^ After a nocturnal
sleep of one year the Napa County Agri
cultural Society again threw open the
gates of its pretty park to circuit travelers
and the inhabitants of the valley to what
promises to be its greatest race m eet.
Over 250 horses are at the track, with
stable accommodations ior but 200.
Visitors are arriving on every incoming
train and boat, and the hotel proprietors
and boardiug-house keepers are in high
glee at the prospect of the rich harvest.
On this, the opening day, the gate was
f r. eto the public with a small admission
fee charge for seats in the grandstand.
When the old gentleman familiarly
spoken of as Sol, who ha> the contract for
suriplvine this earth with heat, poured
his scorching rays down on the lovely
valley this morning he evidently intended
overcoats and ulsters to be a superfluity,
for the day bid fair to be a scorcher.
But as racing time at the track drew
nigh a cooling breeze that fanned the f aces
of the pretty women and their escorts in
the grand stand made perfect %veather for
light harness sport. Handsome turnouts,
crowded with the elite of Napa, lined up
in the in-field, and the rural visitor with
his buckboard was quite as well repre
sented.
In the judges' stand were F. W. Loeber,
E. H. Winship and C. L. La Rue, and
their rulings, which were just and impar
tial, i-ave satisfaction to all. Starting
Judge McNair was on hand with his flag,
and his work, which was a revelation to
local race-goers, is the talk of Napa. D. '
McVicker and Pete Brandow did the
clerking.
While the snort was excellent, it had a
tendency to drag anl become tiresome,
and less bickering and more punctuality
would tend to hold the crowd until the >
tinal heat was decided. Two events — the j
2:40 trot and the 2:25 pace— formed the
card. Not .me of a sensational character,
marked either race.
The trot was called first, but proved a
very slow betting affair, from the fact that
ihe talent considered it a "mral" for
Jeffe. Pool-seller Leach found it difficult
to get $6' for the Held, $,'1 lor t lay S and $3
fcr Hunyadi against thr» $10 bid for the
favorite. He won in straight heats with
out effort in 2:20%, 2:2o and 2.-18U,'.
He trotted the second quarter in the
second heat at a 2:10 clip, and is confi
dently expected to lower the colors of 'he
Fresno horse. Homeward, when they meet
on Friday. Alias gained second money
and Faro Bank third.
The 2:25 pace was a much better specu
lating nffair. The closing pools before the
first h'-at was trotted soid: Field $10,
Promise Me $5 and F'rince Bismarck $5.
Promise Me was the hot Up for the heat,
and the wise ones backed him off the
board of the solitary layer of odds. In a
close finish Lafferty mnnaged to land the
heat with the good thing by a neck from
Sam H in 2:l6V£.
The latter, on his good showing the last
100 yards, was now in great demand,
bringing $10 against $6 for the field, with
few buyers of the latter end.
The favorite and Prince Bismarck, the
German-named horse hauling a green
sulky, passed Resort as he went to a break
on the bend for the wire and fought the
beat out, Sam winning quite easily in
2:18.
It looked all over now and Sam H sold
for $20, with the balance going for $3 or $4.
It was not Sam's day to shine, thou
for the German horse hauling the green
sulky, driven by a driver wearing an
emerald-colored coat and carrying a chain
instead of a whip, took the heat by two
lengths in 2:2lJ£, after leading from the
word go.
The Prince now had the call, and he
took the fourth heat in 2:l9>£. with Sam
H again second. The concluding heat of
the race, the filth, was the most exciting
of the afternoon. In a great drive from
the head of the home stretch, McDonald
got Prince Bismarck home a head before
Sam in 2:20.
Trotting, '2:40 cl»M: 3 in 5: purse $700.
Je«e. br. g, by Arllngtou-Colleue (L*f
forty) 11l
Alias, b. f., by Wolsey (Gains) 2 4 3
Faro Bank, b. g., by Don Marion
(Holmes) .'.... 3 2 6
Niece, b. m., by Penarlass (Holbrook) . 6 8 2
Millie 8. b. m., by Yosemite (Smith) 4 5 7
Clay *, b. a,, by Urover Clay (Gannon).... 5 3 5
Addlson, b. s., by James Mason (Kelson).. 7 6 4
Jobanne Treat, b. m., by Tommy Kys
dyck (Hodges) 9*78
Silver Queen, b. m., by silver King (Ho
goboom) Slid
Hunyadi. b. c., by lingo (Sullivan) 11 9 d
Solo, b. m., by Woolsey (Sanders) 1010 d
Teheran, b. s., by Mambrino Wllkes
(Durfee) d .
Time, 2:20%— 2:20-2: 18.
Pacing. '2:25 class: three in five: purse $700.
Prince Rlsmark, b. c , by Alnioni Paichen
(McDonald) 42111
Sam H. b. it., by Lucherve (Whitney) 2 15 99
senator, blk. g., by Secretary (Ml*ner)... 33533
Promise Me, c. tog., by Sternway (Laf
ferty) 17754
May Nutford, eh. ru.,by Nutford (Holges) 7 4 3 6<i
Mck O'Time hg. by Uobd Luck (QiUeou). 5 5 8 4 d
Rhs<> t. b*. by Hawthorne(Hlli) 6 6 4 d
<iln"lys. en. m. by Wearmom (llockney) d
F. W , bx. by Dorsey'n Nepnrw (Clark)... d
l. ..•:• ■• I. . sin.. l> Llustrus (Hoy) d
Time, a : 16Vi-2 : lß— 'J :2l Vi- itlHfc- 9 :20.
The card for to-morrow is a splendid
one and a fine crowd promises to be i.i at
tendance. The entries are as follows:
2:24 class, trotting, all ages, $700— D. E.
Knight enters sr. g. King of the King ;
W. R. Overholser enters eh. »., Oaknut;
F. W. Loeber enters b. s. Grandis
simo; Palo Alto stock farm enters
b. m. Athena; Weathers & Lower}*
enters b. m. Letter B; H. S. Hogoboom
enters b. m. Humnoldt Maid ; C. W. Rogers
enters b. m. Los Angeles; Edeemont Park
enters b. m. Gallette; C. A. Durfee enters
b. g. Medico; N. S. Learby b. g. Leader;
J. B. Iverson enters br. g. Prince Gift.
2:27 class.trottinp, three-year-olds, $500 —
W. S. Spoor enters Mabel Kinney; La
Siesta ranch enters b. s. "Willeroo; Ven
dome stock farm enters b. g. Claudius;
Palo Alto stock fnrm enters br. c.
Local : Oakwood Park stock farm en
ters bl. f. Derby Lass; M. 8. Severance
enters b. c Don Roberto; J. B. Iverson
enters br. g. Prince Gift.
ELLINOTO'S FORECAST.
Thinks the l.eandtrn Should WinTo-Day's
Boatrace.
LONDON, Eno., Juiy 6— Mr. Ellington,
the rowing expert of the Field, telegraphs
from Henley to the United Press as fol
lows:
No hard work was done by any crew to
day. All did starts and short bursts.
Yale made one or two starts in the morn
ing, when they did not get off as well as
usual. They were slow in getting away,
were irregular and did great splashing.
In the evening they had a better start,
but they s»em sure to be led at the first by
the Lewndors, who are very smart at start
ing. The Yule men, however, quickly set
tle down to their work. The New College
crew are also good starters.
They took a spin this afternoon with
the Radley College crew, who are entered
for the ladies' challenge plate, and went
away from them in an easy style that was
much admired.
The Leanders had a race with ihe Eton
College crew, who are also entered for the
ladies' challenge plate. The latter did
be:terthan was expected, but the Lean
ders easily held them.
The Thames crew are likely to be
formidable and also the Trinity Hall crew.
The winner of the heat between the first
Trinity and London Rowing clubs will be
dangerous in the finals if the wind should
lavor them.
Dr. McDowell, though he has not yet
rowed the half course, has shown great
speed, and it is not unlikely that he will
win some of the heats for the diamond
sculls. Ho will Live his best competitors
a good race. Rupert Guinness and Vivian
Nickalls are in prime condition. The lat
ter sculls better than ever.
All the crews are healthy. A most bril
liant and successful meeting is anticipated.
All things being equal, the Leander crew
has the consensus of preference over Yale,
alti:ough the former may be defeated by
the New College crew.
ISASTERN TURF VESTS.
Results at the St. Loui§ and Latonia
Tracks.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 6.— Summaries:
Four and a half furlongs, Willie West won,
Gold Top second, Bob Clancy third. Time,
.-even furlongs. Honor won. Sauterne second,
Fasig third. Time, 1 :29^.
Seven and a half fur;on>?s Devault won, St.
Pancrass second, C. C. Rumrill third. Time,
1:36%.
One'mile and twenty yards, Whisper won,
Hawthorne second, Jack Bradley third. Time,
1:13.
Four and a half furlong*, Juanita won, Omah
Wood second, Lady Hamilton third. Time,
:05}.£. :;-.
Six furlongs, Lady Diamond won, May
Thompson second, Dorah Wood third. Time,
1:13.
LATONIA, KY., July 6.— Summaries: Seven
furlongs, Ha k Line won, Morte Fonso second,
Half Mine third. Time, I :3'J' ..
Five furlongs, Assassin won, Alvin W sec
ond. Once More third. Time, 1:04.,.
Six furlongs. John Havlin won, Old Center
second. Crusader third. Time, 1:17^.
Five and a half lurlongs, Olympus won,
Elkin second. The Planet third. Time, 1:12%.
One mile and seventy yards, Egbart won, St.
Helena second, Lufra "third, lime, 1:49.
Five and a half furlongs, Ben Brown won,
Dulcenea second, Covingtou third. Time,
1:11}*.
THE DIAMOND FIELD.
Results of Game* Played in Various
Eastern Citie*.
CHICAGO, 111., July — Score:
Chicagos, 13, 19, 4; Baluniores, 14, 14,3.
Batteries— Terry and Donohue, Hofier and
Clark. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 6.— Score:
Cincinnati*, 10, 11,1; I'hiladelphias, 6, 12,
3. Batteries— Foreman and Peits, Keeler and
Grady. Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. July 6.— Score:
St. Louis, 6, 10, 4; New Yorks, 6, 11, 4. Bat
teries—Donahue and Murphy, Sullivan and
Wilson. Umpire— Keefe. Gatie tailed.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July Score:
Clevelands, 3, 7, 3; Brooklyns, 1, 6, 1. Bat
teries—Wallace and Zimmer, Payne and Grim.
Umpire— Sheridan.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 6.— Score:
Louisvilles, 5, 6, 1; Bostons, 2, 9, 3. Bat
—Fraser and Dexter, Lewis and Tenney.
Umpire— Wolf.
WASHINGTGV, D. C, July Score:
Washlngtons, 6, 10, 0; Pittsburgs, 2, 11,3.
Batteries— Mercer and McGuire, Hawley and
Sugden. Umpire— Hur-t. •
TO-DAY'S GREAT BOATRACE
Sporting Papers Predict the Defeat of
Yale's Crew.
LONDON, E.\o., July 6.— ln their issues
to-morrow Sporting Life and the Sports
man will both predict that the Leander
crew will defeat the Yale eicht in the first
trial heat for the prand challenge cup and
that Dr. McDowell will defeat D. A. Guin
ness in his heat with the latter for the dia
mond scull?.
The cessation of the wind greatly favors
the Le.inder crew. If it had continued
blowing as it blew Sa urday the position
of Yale on the Bucks side of the river
would have been worth three lengths.
Sharkey to Spnr at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 6.— The attempt
of local sports, headed by ex-President
Hall of the Olympic Athletic Club, to se
cure Sailor Sharkey of San Francisco for a
sparring exhibition in this city has re
sulted successf ally. Sharkey to-day wired
his acceptance. He will arrive next Mon
day, i;i company with Dan Needham, and
a boxing tourney will be held on the 14th
and 10th of this month.
SlHt.l* BY GREAT RACERS.
Nineteen Tear' ings Added to Burns &
Waterhouse's Stable.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 6.— Burns &
Waterhouse, who have a string of runners
in training at Agricultural Park, recently
received an addition of nineteen yearlings.
Ths youngsters are the finest ever seen
here, and are from runners of National
note. They make a total of thirty-eight
horses in the Burns & Waterhouse stable
at the track.
The new arrivals include four pired by
Morello, n famous racehorse and a Futurity
winner; two by the great Salvator, two by
St. Andrew, three by Midlothian, one by
Preston Pans and one by Torso. The
other racers in the stable are Lovdal,
Mount McGregor, Montgomery, Midlo,
Kmnstreet and Candelaria. Most of the
hor.-es will start the season at the State
Fair races at Sacramento.
Hot, (lose. Day Promised.
LONDON, E.\-G., July 7—5 a. m.— The
weather at this hour in London is calm
and slightly cloudy, promising a hot, close
day for the great boatrace.
Mfle* for the Boer*.
LONDON, Eno., July 6.— The Standard
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Berlin which says that the Transvaal Gov
ernment has ordered 60,000 rifles from
Locwe «fc Co.. the well-known German
arms manufacturers. Ten thou-and of tue
rifles have already been delivered.
Mr Hcrculrv Jtobinson Jt a Prei;
LONDON, Ekg., July 6.— Sir Hercules
Robinson, Governor of Cape Colony and
British High Commissioner in South Af
rica, has oeen elevated to the peerage.
NEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
GiddiS "uiSS S m B ? ch " Wmd ana *** la tbe Stomach, Sick Headache.
pfiah^nOTofH"at r«««M llln!! after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness. Cold Chills
BWn D°«urb«ls!e^FvLt?» pe , U^' sho «nes3 ot Breath. Coetlvenees. Blotches on the
whenTno^ ~ P ;^i g * Uul Pl ORm9 - and all Nervous and Trembling Sonsatlouß.&c
u«etly luvned to try one box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
energy ot the human frame. These are facts admitted^Vthnn£nri7 n?ln P 11 * 810 *!
lork, poet paid, upon receipt of price. Book rr«. upon application. ' Ntw
STATE GUARDS
AT CAMP BUDD,
First Infantry Bluecoats
on an Outing Near
Stockton.
GAYETY AND DISCIPLINE
Though on Pleasure Bent, the
Men Are Governed by
Army Rules.
FUN AROUND THE CAMPFIRES.
Visitors Entertained Wi'.h Music and
Story When the Day's Work
Is Ended.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 6.— A pretty
place is Camp Budd, the temporary home
of the First Infantry, N. G. C, at Good
water Grove. The companies in camp are
Company C, Captain J. W. Dumbrell;
Company F, Captain John A. Miller;
Company G, Captain Edgar Sutliff, and
Company X, Captain Thomas J. Cunning
ham. The battalion came up by boat yes
terday morning and marched straight to
the grove.
Although the battalion is here on an
outing strict military discipline is en
forced, and should one of the guardsmen
linger too long in saying "Au Ilevoir, but
not Good-by," and arrive at camp after 11
o'clock at nit'ht he will be assigned quar
ters in the guardhouse. The guardhouse
is locateo. just at the entrance to the camp
and is rather inappropriately designed, in
slangy locution, "the cooler." There is
no ice there, and nothing cooler than the
atmosphere, so the Stockton fair ones
should not detain the military men after
11 o'clock.
The boys at camp are a merry lot, and
there will be uala times before the weefc is
out. Yesterday afternoon and evening
many visitors called «nd were made wel
come. Next to valiance, tallantry is the
most prominent, trait of the sol ier lads,
and their grac on the ballroom floor is
second only to their skill in the manual of
arms.
Last night the tents, all gayly lighted
with incandescent lumps, presented a
sight as pretty as eye could wish to see.
After the visitors had left the grove all
was hushed. The sentry paced up and
down in front of the entrance to the camp,
ready to charge upon any intruder, either
human or of the mosquito family. Many
of the guardsmen, who were weary after
the parade in the metropolis on the Fourth
and tired after their trip hither on the
boat, were fast in slumber and seemed to
be the envy of the sentry. From the club
house at the grove came the strains of a
guitar and a mandolin, but nothing save
the heroic voice of the stirring bugle would
disturb the sleepers.
In the 240 men in camp there is consid
erable talent which furnishes amusement
for the others and makes the evenings pass
quickly and pleasantly. The Hawaiian
| quartet of Company F fills the. evening
: air with the sweet mi lodies of the former.
\ domain of Queen Lil. The quartet is com- ;
I posed of Sergeant Harry Turtou, Corporal
| Frank Turton, Sergean: Bert Hawks arid
Sergeant Budd Hawks. The boys have
been in Hawaii and while there learned
the airs with which they are now delight
ing their friends. ■■;;■• \
In the matter of making fun Jarues Gil
lis is always at home. He was the end
man in a minstrel shpw, ; and his comic
spnps are immense. J. L. Tyson is the
Irish comedian of ihe battalion, and Ed
Shay enjoys the reputation of being the
funny man. He began lasVnight ai sup
per, by producing a big hand savy with
which to cut his rueat. . There are several
musicians, too, and in all. there is no
dearth of talent.
Visitors are welcome at the camp after
10 o'clock in the forenoon, but not before
thai hour. By that time the .rubrnirii;
routine is over and the tents are made up
foi the day. The company and battalion
drills take place trom 7 to i) o'clock and
those interested in the maneuvers may
witness them from the grand stand. From
10 o'clock in the forenoon until 5 o'c.lpc-k ',
in the evening the guardsmen off duty are
free to go where they choose, and they
are at liberty again after supper until 11
o'clock.
The sergeants of Company C gave a
smoker in their tent last evening, the
principal features of toe affair being good
cigars and good stories, or rather — well,
the boys say they were good stories. The
smoke kept the mosquitoes away during
the night. The guests at the tent were
Captains Cunningham, Sutliffe, Dumbrell
and Miller; Lieutenant Finley, Sergeant
Skillman of Company X and Hospital
Steward Dr. Douulass.
Conflagration at Union.
UNION. B. C, July 6.— A fire yesterday
destroyed the Williams block, on Third
street, three other houses belonging to
Leon Hart ana F. Williams, and a small
cottage, the property of A. D. Williams,
owner of the block. The loss is about
$10,000. Bush fires threatened Grant &
Co.'s new sawmill on the county road last
night. Fifty men were employed all night
fighting the fire, and managed to save the
property.GORY REVEL
OF A FIEND.
Two Women of Montecito
the Victims of an
Assassin.
SHOT AND STABBED IN
THEIR HOME.
Mrs. Richardson Is Mortally
Wounded and Her Daughter
Put to Death.
VENGEANCE THE MOTIVE FOR
THE CRIME.
A Man to Whom Suspicion Pointed
Commits Suicide to Escape
Arrest.
SANTA BARBARA, Cat,., July 6.— The
hand of an unknown assassin has wiped
out the surviving members of one of the
best-known and most respected of all the
wealthy and cultured families who have
made their homes in beautiful Muntecito.
The dwelling of Mrs. H. R. Richardson
was invaded last night by this fiend, the
equal of Butcher Dunham in savage feroc
ity, and t;.e aged woman was wounded
with knife and bullet until her death is
but the question of a few hours, Her
pretty daughter Ethel was murdered, t^e
butcner pursuing her from the house, after
he had twice shot her, and finishing the
bloody work by clubbing the girl into In
sensibility and then cutting her throat.
M r . Richardson's son, who had threat
ened the lives of his stepmother and step
sister, has been under suspicion ; but the
suicide to-night of Cyrus Barnard, an
other suspect, may clear the mystery and
prove the innocence of the relative.
Four miles from town, a little beyond
the cemetery, near '.he frequently traveled
road to the beautiful suburb of Montecito
and on a slight eminence fronting the sea,
stands a ian:e gray villa surrounded by
broad lawns and flowering shrubs. This
ho;:se was erected six years ago by Henry
R. Richardson, a Canadian gentleman of
wealth and a former resident of Coaticook,
m the province of Quebec. The Richard
sona were people of intelligence, but of
simple, home-lovinz taEtes. Their only
daughter, Ethel, 18 years old, attended
the sjanta Barbara Higli School, graduat
ing two years ago, since which iime she
lias been taking post-graduate studies at
the same school, with the intention of re
moving to Berkeley to pursue a higher
course this fall.
Ethel was a pretty girl of medium
height, witn a girlisti figure, a beautiful
complexion, blue eyes and a quaint,
bri^i.t face. In character and disposition
she uas exceedingly winsome, and she
was a general favorite among all who
knew her.
The mother was a woman of middle age
and sweet and kindly disposition. The
faitier was generally recognized as an up
right and faithful friend, but somewhat
stern.
A wayward son, Mr. Richardson's child
by his first wife, was their one sorrow and
shame. On March 30 of this spring Mr.
Kichardson died, with almost his last
breath condemning his son. Since his
death tne wife and daughter have lived on
wichout servants in the great house, oc
casionally having a friend there for com
pany. Yesterday afternoon they drove
out to visit a sick friend and afterward to
the cemetery to give kindly directions to
the sexton to permit the burial of a friend's
child in their lot. They returned home at
du>k, ai;d from this hour the history of
the night is a mystery, the subject of
drcauful speculation.
A laborer, Frank Cordero, passing down
the road on foot at <J:.'JO o'clock this morn
ing, saw in a field beside the Richardson
grounds, at a point where they angle
y with tne road, what he conceived
to be the body of a man lying on the
ground. He walked on to the camp and
reported the circumstances to a fellow
wurkman, proposing that they return and
examine it, as it might be some one they
knew.
The men returned and, entering the
field, beheld a horribie and piteous sight.
Prone on the stnbble-field, lying on her
face, cold in death, horribly bruised and
disfigured and covered with blood, was
the body of poor Ethel Richardson. There
were bullet holes in her neck and cuts on
her head, and the fair young figure was
nude, save for a blood-stained little knit
shirt that but partially covered it. Her
arni3 were folded under ncr and in her
hands was a nightrobe drenched with
bloood. Pools of blood stood on the black
soil about her.
Kindly hands placed a sheet over the
mutilated form and the Coioner and
Sheriff were summoned by telephone from
town. Meantime Cordero and his Cali
fornian friend proceeded to the house,
knowing that the two Jadies dweit there
alone and unprotected, and suspecting
that tne tragedy which had found so
phastly a termination in the field might
have had its beginning there.
The stillness of death reigned in and
about the premises, confirming their
worse forebodings, but they found all of
the doors securely locked. These Cali
fornians are men bred to note and value j
every trivial indication, and before the
crowd of curious and sympathetic had in
vaded the premises they made a thorough
and searching examination of the grounds.
They found the track of a small man's
foot leading into the grounds from a point
i;c-ar the public road and close beside a
little cowshed at the end of the stable.
These footprints they traced to the house
and they aiterward tound the print of the
girl's bare feet leading from the front ve
randa around the house, drops of blood
marking her course and the tracks of the
ruan following, the paces of both far apart,
showing the wild race the girl had made
for her life around the house. They fol
lowed them and along the road leading to
the entrance to the grounds, where a stout
chain hung between two stone posts.
Here Ethel evidently climbed over the
' ham, intending to reach the nearest neigh
ihe Wallens, living an eighth of a
mile distant.
The man leaped a barbed-wire fence
and intercepted her. finishing his bloody
work hy first beating her with the loaded
stick he carried until it broke and then
drawing his knife and cutting her throat.
When the Coroner arrived, he broke
open the door of the House and found all
of the lower rooms in perfect order. The
ground floor of the house consists of a
square front hallway, a parlor at the right
beside it, a library behind the hall, a
dining-room beside it and in the rear
i kitchen, butler's pantries and closets. Up
stairs, across the front of the hall, is a lit- ;
tie room extended across the roof of the j
front veranda, which in all probability
afforded the murderer a means of ingress
and of concealment.
Beside it is the mother's room, a large !
front chamber, simply but handsomely i
furnished. A long, narrow entry separates
it from the daughter's room, which is at
the head of the stairs and from another
room in the rear of the front chamber,
while there are emaller chambers, bath
room, etc., at the rear.
They met a horrible and ghastly sight as
they reached the upper story. Across the
threshold of her chamber lay Mrs. Kich
ardson, unconscious, her head on a pillow
drenched and clotted with blood. Her
I night dress was stained with crimson and
her pretty gray hair and comely face
bathed in blood.
Great pools of her life's fluid were
around her; the bed was stained with it,
and on the further side of the bed, near its
head, was a blackening pool, showing
where she had evidently leaped from the
bed to escape the assassin and received a
second or third bullet.
A hasty examination showed tnat her
wounds were fatal, and the only hope has
been that she might recover consciousness
to speak her murderer's name. This, the
paysicians declare, there is no hope for.
All day long she has been lying uncon
scious, slowly drifting toward the eternal
shore, where husband and daughter are
waiting.
No attempt has been made to make a
\ thorough examination of her injuries, the
, only effort being to render her few remain
ling moments of life comfortable; but Dr.
Winchester states that she has a bruise I
! across her forehead, cut down to the skull, j
a parallel bruise two or three inches fur
ther back on the head and a bullet wound
one inch below the left eye. This ranged
upward and backward. Another passed
through one hand and there are numerous i
1 other wounds and injuries. She is dying I
i of internal hemorrhage.
The bruises and cuts upon her body were
! evidently inflicted with the stick "which
\va- found beside little Ethel's body.
This stick is about the length of an
ordinary cane. It is about an inch and a
half in diameter at the head, tapering to j
I the end, which has no ferrule. A cylin
; drical cavity has been made in the upper
end, and the pieces of lead with which
this was loaded were picked up on the j
i floor of Mrs. Richardson's room. The I
: cruel blows had splintered it, and it was
I broken in twain as well, and stained '
; through and through with blood. It is i
i said that the wood of which it is made '
grows only on the Santa Barbara Channel !
: islands.
Before the forenoon was half gone the
Richardson home was invested by sight-
I seers and friends. At an early hour it be
came necessary to close the house to all
but those admitted by the Coroner's or
: ders.
Meantime the officers of the law were
: not idle. All roads leading out of town
were watched and every suspicious charac- i
: ter in town was under surveillance. Men !
, went out to search the mountain trails for
a track similar to the murderer's, and
before noon the report was received that i
on the old Romero trail, crossing the .^anta .
Ynez range above Montecito, a footprint i
! had been found which corresponded to the j
tracks about the grounds.
A posse of officers and citizens at once
started on this trail and at a late hour j
had not yet returned. Fo convinced were
the officers that the fiendish crime must
have been the work of personal enmity '
: and therefore of the poor women's only j
j declared foe, the absent stepson, who had \
\ spent some time in Santa Barbara, leav- ■
j ing here for the East two years ago, that
I descriptions of this man were sent broad-
I cast over the country.
The fact of his bitterness toward his
I relatives, combined with his father's re
| cent death and his disposition of his prop
erty to his wife and daughters, there being I
1 one daughter by the first marriage (a Mrs. j
Norton, living in Boston), the deeds and
will having been only recently tiled, j
seemed to afford a strong chain of reason '
: upon which to base this hypothesis. At
; one time a report was received from Ven
tura that Scott Richardson had been ap- !
prehended there, but this proved to be
baseless.
At an eariy hour a Coroner's jury was I
impaneled, consisting of the following i
j citizens: J. R. Vance, P. D. Mever, Ben !
i Hayne, W. H. Maris, Jerome C". Wilson, !
i Edward Harper, W. H. Myers, John B. i
; Savitz, C. A. Mabbott, E Packard, T. F. !
! Leslie, H. Appor, J. M. Emery, Alter
viewing the body and the premises at 2
i o'clock they began the taking of testi
! mony.
Frank Cordero was the first witness |
I called. He testified to the finding of i
! Ethel Richardson's body in the field ad- '
! joining the residence grounds at 6:30 ;
j o'clock in the morning. It was clad in a'■
! single undergarment. The body was lying i
j face downward.
J. Ayala corroborated the testimony of
Cordero, with theadditiona! circumstances !
I that beneath the girl, under her arms, was
a nightdress soaked with blood. A pe
culiar feature of his testimony was his as
sertion that in passing the place on horse
back at 6:15 o'clock he had not observed
| the body, which was quite plainly in sight |
! from tne road.
Mr. Eckels testified that at an early
■ hour this morning he was called upon by
Frank Cordero and informed that a girl's j
] body was found in the field near the i
| Richardson place. He went with Cordero j
! to the place and identified the body as |
! that of Ethel Richardson. He corroborat
i ed the preceding testimony and added
I that he went to Mrs. Wallin' s and pro
i cured a sheet and covered the body, not
I disturbing its position. He then went to
| the cemetery and telephoned to the Coro
ner ana the Sheriff.
Antonio M. Ruiz, the Coroner, was the
first person to enter the house after the
discovery of the girl's body. He described I
the position and condition of Mrs. Rich- I
ardson. Mr 3. Thomas Taber, an old fani- j
I lly friend, testified as to the manner in j
I which the rooms were occupied by the i
family. She explained that Mrs. Richard
son occupied the room at the right of the .
i hall, in the front of the house, and that ,
her daughter slept in the room across the !
hail from this, at the head of the staircase. !
There was no communicating door be- I
tween the rooms, which were separated by .
the hallway.
She examined these sleeping-rooms this
morning and found Miss Ethel's room in
I order, bearing no evidence whatever of a
straggle. The girl's clothing was lying
on a chair at the head of ttie bed. the bed
clothing partly thrown back as if she had
Started to lie down. Her impression was i
that Ethel was about to retire when she
beard her mother's screams and ran to j
her. There was nothing to indicate that I
she had been attacked until she came out I
of her room, yet the trail of blood down j
thn stairs and out of the front door was
i evidence that she bad been attacked witnin
] the house and ran out of doors, wounded
and bleeding, to escape her murderer.
Mrs. Taber positively stated that there
had been no opening of bureau drawers or
disturbance of any kind to indicate that
robb ry had been the motive for the mur
der. Even Ethel's jewel case, which stood
in her room, was undisturbed and the con
tents intact.
Mrs. Taber testified that a son of Mr.
Richardson and a stepson of Mis. Richard
son, one Scott Richardson, was living.
Kttiel had never seen her half-broiher and
did not know him. Her father and mother
were unwilling to have her know him, as
they were afraid he might do ncr some
harm. She stated that during his lust ill
ness Mr. Richardson told her that that bad
boy of his was killing him. His grief over
the boy's behavior made him unwilling to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1596.
get well. He said he had never heard
Scott make threats of personal violence,
but he had heard from others here that
Scott had said he would kill that wife
of his father. But Mrs. Richardson was
very kind to him and his family, and |
while he lived in Santa Barbara "carried
him and his family provisions to make
them comfortable.
Mrs. Tabor's testimony was very clear,
thoughtful and intelligent, and in spite
of her seventy-odd years she proved the
best and most helpful witness summoned.
Mrs. Fanny V. Wallin, a neighbor living
100 yards distant, stated that after she re
tired last night, about 9 o'clock, she heard
a noise that she attributed to some trouble
among their stock. A few minutes later
she heard a groan, and although it did not
pound in the direction of their barn she
believed it came from an old horse of I
theirs. A few seconds later she beard an
other prolonged groan, and told her hus
band that she was sure this time that some
human being was in distress. He there
upon arose and went out to the barn and
found that everything was all right. Be
ing superstitious, she concluded tnat the
sound was a premonition. Twice after
they heard a noise and groans, and her
husband went out twice again and searched |
for the cause. They heard no screams and
no pistol-shots. Mrs. Wallin stated that
she usually saw a light in the Richardson
residence after 10 o'clock, but thought the
family had retired earlier since the old
gentleman's death.
W. L. Rust testified to knowing a man,
Hiram Barnard, who used to work for Mrs.
Richardson, with whom he often talked.
He described him as a short, slight man
with drooping mustache. On Friday af
ternoon he saw him on State street, clad
in a blue suit. He said he had tramped
up to the northern part of the State and
had had a hard experience. When asked
if he had any reason to connect the
man with the murder Rust stated that
Barnard on Friday offered to sell him a
new $17 rifle for $10, declaring that he
would have to have the money before 6
o'clock, and that he would leave town on
Sunday or Monday at the latest. Hearing
of the mysterious small footprint found
upon the Richardson place and remember
ing the man's small foot he volunteered
this information thinking the man in ques
tion might be worth looking up.
Dr. Richards J. Hall testified to having
made an external examination of Kttiel
Richardson's body, which was sufficient
to determine the cause of death. She died,
probably, of hemorrhage, from a stab
wound in the throat. There were two bul
let wounds in the neck, either of which
would have caused death, and numerous j
other injuries, cuts and fractures of bones, j
including a bullet in her left arm, none of !
which would have caused death. All of
the bullets aDpear to have emerged from
the body. The stab wound was probably
inflicted where she died.
The body was cold, but no rigidity had
set in, so that it was not likely that she
had been dead more than four or five
hours. His judgment was that she had
been dead not more than five hours nor '
less than four hours; yet she was so cold
that it was possible she had been dead ten
or twelve hours. The bullet wounds ap
peared to have Deen made with about a
32-cftliber ball.
.^he was probahiy stabbed while in a
standing position "or struggling on the
ground. This knife wound cut the trachae
and Kosophogus completely through, sev
ering many small vessels, but not the
jugular vein. It was possible, in his judg
ment, for her to have run to the spot
where she was found after receiving the
shots. She had a broken forearm, a broken
elDow, a cut on the ear, a cut on the scalp
and numerous bruises, eviaently inflicted
with the loaded cane found close beside
the body.
Eben J. Packard, a neighbor and dairy
man, testified as to his acquaintance with
the stepson, Scott Richardson. He saw
him two years ago, before he left here, os
tensibly lor Minneapolis. Mr. Packard as
serted that he had heard Scott Richardson
declare he would get even with the family, j
He would see them in hell. They had rob- j
bed him of his rights.
He was referring to the stepmother and
iialf-sister. He iieard Scott make tnese
threats at least six or eight times. He
might not have said the precise word
"kill," but his ttireats involved their de- !
Btruction. He was usually drunk when i
Mr. Packard saw him, and the witness
only reproved him.
Mr. Packard said that this bitter quarrel
was the only subject on which either |
father or son could converse. When he j
met either they talked about the other, i
They seemed almost insane on the sub- 1
ject. Scott's enmity seemed most particu
larly directed against the father and this]
girl, his half-sister. He said they had I
stolen $ 10,000 from him. He would have
the property if the step-mother and
daughter wore not in existence.
Mr. Packard had attached little im
portance to the man's talk, regarding it as \
only the excitable utterances of a drunken
man.
The verdict rendered by the jury was
that Ethel Richardson, a native of Canada
and a resident of California, came to her
death by a pistol shot at the hands of a
party or parties unknown to the jury.
«—« —
THE DEATH OF BARNARD
Shoott Himnelf Aflrr Resisting Arrest
With Mullets.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 6.—An
other tragedy was added late this evening
to the day's horrors, which will either
clear the Richardson murder mystery or
add to it another tangle. Word was
brought to the Coroner that Cyrus Ber
nard, the former gardener of the Richard
sons and who was, by Will Rush's testi
mony, connected with the crime, had shot
himself.
This report was found to be correct in
its essence, although somewhat faulty in
circumstances.
Ex City Marshal Hopkins, acting now
as a deputy Sheriff, had canvassed the list
of persons in and about Santa Barbara who
might have been connected with thiscrime.
Without any particular reason, as he states,
but acting rather Intuitively, he settled j
upon Cyrus Barnard, being continued in
his suspicion by the discovery that Bar- :
nard had recently pawned his gold watcn !
and a 3S-caliber revolver with a local bar- |
keeper and on July 1 had redeemed the !
weapon, stating that he should need it. It
was ascertained that Barnard's shoes cor- '
respond to the murderer's tracks.
After conferring with Sheriff Hicks,
they agreed that it wouid be wise to arrest
the man, and determined to keep the ar- I
rest secret, as they were sure they knew
his character well enough to rely upon
easily extracting a confession from him
should he be guilty of the crime. Hop
kins called upon Deputy Sheriff J. N.
Johnson to accompany him, and a little
before 10 o'clock proceeded to Barnard's
cottage.
As thoy reached the gate they saw Bar
nard cdming up the street. He called out,
"Hello, Hop? Wnat do you want?"
"Good evening, Barnard," Hopkins re
plied, 'I want you."
Barnard dodged within his cottage, leav
ing a screen door closed between him and j
the men. Hopkins incautiously struck a i
matcii, mteading to follow him and wish
ing to see his way.
"What do you want?'' asked Barnard
again.
"Come ont and I'll tell you," was the
response.
"Tell me now, Hop; look out!"
By this time the match had flamed up
brightly, revealing Hopkins' and John
son's forms to the man caged witnin the
liny cabin. A shot sounded anu a .'>B
caliber ball pierced the rim of Hopkins'
fell hat, ranging upward, but powder
burning the ex-Marshal's face, at such
close range were the men.
Hopkins instantly answered the fire
taking a center aim as well as he could in
the darkness The screen door sprung to
and a second shot was heara from Bar
nard's pistol. The two officers, not know
ing the effect of Hopkins" shot, (leaded
that as the man was evidently desperate
it would be wise to get more heln. They
went off, leaving the house in darkness.
When they returned with lights tbey
found Barnard lying dead on the floor
shot through the heart.
Only a superficial examination of the
dead man's pockets and oi the premises
could be made to-night and nothing was
found of a directly incriminating charac
ter. To-morrow papers and letters found
in the house will be examined and may
throw some light on the mystery. Bar
nard has been generally looked upon as a
weak and susceptible fellow, whose frailty
has been a disposition to conceive violent
passions for young ladies with whom he
had no acquaintance.
He has recently set up in the profession
of a dog-trainer and is said to have car
ried a stick similar to the one found on
the scene of the Richardson tragedy. His
mother, an excellent woman, a Mrs. Pet
ersen, lives in Santa Barbara. All eyes
are turned in expectation to the revela
tions the morrow must bring forth.
VETERANS CAPTURE HUENEME.
Over Five Hundred Are Entertained at the
Homestead of Hon. Thomas
R. Bard.
VENTURA, Cal., July 6.— The South
ern California Veterans' Association cap
tured Huenome to-day, and to-night but
one name is heard in Camp Phil Sherri
dan. Hon. Thomas R. Bard is the hero
of the hour.
The members of the association and
kindred societies to the number of 535 were
entertained at the Bard homestead at
Hueneme, the tables being located on the
lawn fronting his residence.
Prior to the luncheon speeches were
made by Commander Downing, Superior
Judge Buckley of Sonoma County, and
Mrs. S. C. Sweet, president of the Woman's
Auxiliary Association.
The address of welcome was made by
Rev. Morriil on behalf of the citizens of
Hueneme and Hon. Thomas Bard.
At the conclusion of the address Colonel
John Brookes handed the reverend gentle
man a handsome badge of the association
and presented him with an honorary mem
bership on tne association.
To-morrow will be observed as Ventura's
day under the auspices of Cushing Corps,
G. A. 11., for whom the day is named.
Friday the annual election will be neld.
Andrew J. Bell of Ventura is the only
name so far mentioned for the post com
mander.
Viiiess unexpected opposition develops
he will be chosen, making the second time
in the history of the organization that the
honor has come to Ventura County.
An item of interest to the G. A. P.. asso
ciations throughout the State is develop
ing in the proposed scheme to divide the
Department of California into two divi
sions, with the division line at Tehachapi.
The sentiment among the rank and file
strongly favors the proposed scheme. If
opposition develops it will come from San
Francisco and the past commanders, who
will exert their united influence to defeat
the movement. No definite action has
been taken, but the idea is rapidly gain
ing strength in the southern tier of
G. A. R. posts.
LOS ANGELES PHESBYTERY
Rev. Burt Estes Howard's Name
Dropped From the Rolls of
the Church.
The Westminster Congregation Will
Be Invited to Return to the
Fold.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 6.— Rev. Burt
Estes Howard is a Presbyterian pastor no
longer. The circumstances of tbe division
and strife in the fashionable old First Pres
byterian Church of tnis city and Howard's
part therein has been considered and
passed upon by two Presbyteries, one
synod and one zeneral assembly, the lafc
ter being the highest ecclesiastic body of
the denomination. The synod refused to
sustain the First Presbytery's action re
lating to Howard's affairs, and later the
assembly reversed the judgment ot the
synod. All in ail, Mr. Howard has been
the unwilling cause of much tribulation,
and some acrimonious contentions.
At a nneting of the local Presbytery
here to-day, the relations between Rev.
Mr. Hovtard and Westminster Church
were formally dissolved, his renunciation
of the Presbytery's authority recorded and
his name forever dropped from its rolls.
This action leavis Rev. Howard and the
Westminster Society in the position of a
di>tinct and independent religious body.
The ministers composing the Presby
tery were by no means a unit on several
of the points involved, and as a result
warm discussions followed t tie several
resolutions. It was moved by Dr. Hartley
of Riverside that a committee be ap
pointed to draft a pastoral letter, to be is
sued to the individual members of the
Westminster Church, urging ttiem to re
turn. Mr. Chichester suggested that this
was an excellent means of showing their
food will toward the Westmnster Church,
he proposition was adopted.
Tragedy at Fort Jones.
YREKA. Cal., July 6.— Frank Cory,
aged 24 years, went home from a Fourth
of July ball at Fort Jones on Saturday,
and going to his bedroom attempted to
commit suicide. Members of his family
found him on the floor with a bullet
wound in his side. Cory find just received
his discharge from the United States army
at Vancouver, Wash. His family is one of
the most prominent and highly respected
in Scott Valley. He will probably recover.
Sonora 3ft«rdrr Case Continued.
SONORA, Cal., July 6.— The trial of
Joseph T. Newcomer, charged with the
murder of the late Colonel Caleb Dorsey,
will not take place until August 10. This
was decided upon this morning. The pro
ceedings took an unexpected turn. Dr. E.
T. Gould , who conducted the autopsy and
upon whom the prosecution relied most to
prove its case, yesterday went to San
Francisco with his wife, who was ill. Dis
trict Attorney Otis justified Gould's ac
tion and Judge Nicol granted his motion
and continued the case.
LAKEVILLE RANCHER DEAD.
Passing of Hillinm JUhler, Once Owner
«/" Ihf fair It a itch.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 6. — William
Bihler died suddenly at his home at Lake
ville last evening. He was a well-known
rancher and stock-raiser, and was the for
mer owner of what is now known as the
Fair ranch. Mr. Bihler had been suffer
ing from Bright's disease for some time,
but the immediate cause of death was the
bursting of a bloo<l vessel. The deceased
wag a native of Germany and 68 years of
age. His estate is said to b6 worth about
$100,003. _
Stockton's J-'atul Shootinrj.
STOCKTON, Cal.. July 6. — William
Wolf, ex-Superintendent of Streets, who
was accidentally shot by Gus Gianelli in
the latter's saloon on Weber avenue on
Saturday, died yesterday. Gianelli was
showing a pistol, and he removed the
cartridges and placed tnem on the bar.
He then stepped aside. Before his return
either Wolf or a whisky drummer from
San Francisco, who was with him, re
loaded the weapon. Gianelli returned,
and, thinking the revolver was not loaded,
he snapped it at Wolf. The bullet entered
the breast just above the heart.
Fate of Huinxry's tttirglar.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 6. — A motion j
for a new trial in the case of Charles Stew
art, alias "Boots," convicted of robbing
the postoffice at Rumaey, Yolo County,
was argued by counsel before Judge Grant
to-day. It was denied, and the court sen
tenced him to ten years in State's prison. '
CAMPING IN THE
SONOMA VALLEY,
League of the Cross Cadets
on an Outing at Aqua
Caliente.
LIFE IN A TENTED CITY
Strict Military Discipline Is
Maintained by Those in
Command.
MASS SAID UNDER THE TREES
The Pretty Camp Named Montgomery,
in Honor of Los Angeles'
Bishop.
Camp Montgomery, )
League of the Cross Cadets, >
Aqua Caliente, Cal., July 6.)
When the sun went down behind the
rounded hills of Sonoma Valley to-night a
huge bonfire was built before two big trees
in the center of the clustered tents. The
cadets and scores of visitors from Sonoma,
including a number of ladies, gathered
around on improvised seats and made the
night ring with campfireand college songs.
The cadets have been encamped here
since last Saturday. By this time all the
tents are well stretched and arranged and
everything is snug. They wi'l remain in
camp until Sunday evening. Many dis
tinguished visitors are expected this week.
About 125 men are in camp, comprising
chiefly Companies A and lof the League
of '.he Cross Cadets.
The strictest military discipline is main
tained. It is far from being all play.
There is a guardhouse, which, us yet, has
been without a prisoner. At night there
is a countersign, and is worth almost a
man's life to get through the linos with
out it. A guard is kept up during the day.
The cadets have guard mount after dress
parade in the evening.
The officers are: Company A— r ;i ptain,
Frank S. Drady ; first lieutenant, William
C. Hooper; second lieutenant, K. G. Drady.
Company I— Captain, Peter J. Haggerty;
first lieutenant, Charles F. Skelly; second
lieutenant, Henry J. Power. Dr. A. P. Mul
ligan is camp physician, and doing chap
lain duty is Rev. James A. McDonald.
Military instruction is given by Maior T.
Drady and Captain H. P. Filgale. To-day
Lieutenant Skelly was officer of the day,
and Lieutenant R. Drady officer of the
guard.
Among the visitors expected at Camp
Montgomery during the week are Rev.
Father M. P. Ryan, chaplain of the regi
ment of the League of the Cross Cadets;
Rev. Father P. C. Yorke, and possibly
Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles. The
camp is named afier BisboD Montgomery.
He is the founder of the League of the
Cross Cadets.
Other visitors coming during the week
are the Grand Council of the Young
Ladies' Institute of San Francisco. They
will arrive Saturday morning and remain
until camp breaks up on Sunday. The
young ladies will number about thirty. A
dancing platform has just been erected.
One of the most solemn and impressive
and at the same time pretty scene of the
camp so far was military mass, which
was said under the trees in front of head
quarters yesterday morning. The Catholic
Church at Sonoma was recently burned.
There was a little multitude from Sonoma
worshiping under the overspreading trees,
in addition to the cadets. The camp is
about three miles out from Sononm. but
trains stop directly in front of Camp
Montgomery. Company A belongs to St.
_.^._,_.^_,.,_.,_.^_^_ v> _^_ ww .^__ ww NEW TO-DAY.
-'/ ".*' *J r / T i*/ *■* £I — S" '>Ls~- .m "^*
| ?m *^®fM*%m place Exsept^"^ I
t \^s '111 I —I ._ i. w ,
% lafl]±i 3E I) %
Be fashionable and be frugal by purchasing at this gigantic sale of Dresses, Jackets, Capes and Shirt Waists "***
J& There's $75,000 worth, and everything i? marked down. The cost to us cuts no Scare in this sale.' It's almost any dL.
•] price with us so lone as we can sell the goois. Every garment is this season's make and the styles are the latest "^
«g5- Every garment reduced and marked in plain figures.' * "
*4 ft J? IMPORTED | •^ TAILOR- JACKETS, ~~ f
t Jlf£j? MODEL _.!•■' MADE . « i™ $ 7i£? $9. *
*?* JtVt ."■ **■*•" *■ 'TX^rrfi^iL--, nDCCCCC Elegant Tan Mixed and Tan Kersey Jack- "^T
t i **« nnnrC (**s'.'#s£'.■ T\ UKCOOCO, i e:s-pearl buttons, fancy backs, box fronts- A
■4 11 JL-^S. GAPES Cli /(/rs**! Jackets for which you Day $10. ijSl-2 50 and * T
fSfflfyr wrii bV| T-H*P «r • <S1 H <T[j 1 0.50 JI»1 ': $15 everywhere except at our. sale. .<-•
& ' ncAA #feCT^ &iu&i~_ ibio
£, Ji/y? X 4>ZJ>.UUj f Mfy" No use to worry away j j2_
•& &/ji<r ' 4 % W \\ time with dressmakers ' CLOTH These are last
T. 'ft/ • > \ (t "5 CA A &. v9f when yon can buy swell, .JACKETS, r " ;- ' season's jackets "ii
•4"*- '/JT I ' 3)«J_).l/U P \ tailor-made dresses at fflj I ,51) (B»O ©9-50 and sold then for '•»
*" < ■ ' _^U&^ i / \ these prices. They're <© •* «iT^ nP-- . $10. $IL* and **■
£■- 'r^&i'&pr^ a* Af\ r*.r\ < ' \ made in reefer style and $15— are made of all-wool clo:h— ar^ both _£>
*> f I ' \ \ T>4-11 1111/? \ °' & nc y mixed Scotch ! lined and unliDed— have big sleeves and ■=!_*
Jt, /' \ /. \ rlieviots-in tans, grays \ come in all shades. *
~ip \ / 1 ' ' \ and browns— all 4^»
*\ / / l \ lined— swell buttons— rip- | : "'. . IT
I? These are Paris, London and i A ■ p. le backs-wide guru, aq sit.k for ,mr ah our $750. *&
4* Berwn make, imported by us «- /f" «\\ KVS. .r'^Si ' g4^lVs-SjT. .»?L'sW?",ffi . *
r- peciallv for OUr trade. Cost US / / . V \\} '« n ' e Wlt " "" " 1:lt !l >«"i' Bale. They come in choice colors, all shad- 3
$55 to $75. No two alike. Made »_ i _JLi^ *? ZT >X "^ tbeprices I »'s* ™«» *<« wyies. *§►
<|* in black and white velvet and tailor-made dresses. These are re emM " ~ 4£»
£ silk, nr.d tine cloth effects. reefers ok blazers, uiars2siosas 5" i |*t . c 75 C $1- I hese are T
- ©I /«.5O CjlQ fflOQ dresses, up- to- }^ AI.ST*. tJU «t» - <fl)±« finely laun-
fc „,,,»„. „« „„ „ " — 7TZ tJiID ■ fS> 1 O t§>Z_;. date styles dered waists that were $1, $1 U5 and $1 50.
l l i\?F^?.J > K S skirts I'l," 11 .,,? They come in S r a ys.blu PB , tans and ? browns, and 'I he celebrated Derby Waists, guaranteed
T SMI? *• fZiFSTk cad?"!.* "that i »", made of the nnest all-woo: <•">"»• i perfect. , ->
*gr fjJM U tj)l^__ «IpJ*J. stands alone— | CAPES, . Made of fine all-wool STAR WAISTS, 51. 35, laundered. ■£$».
• - many choice patterns— lined with rustle Hn- I <n*'> <2«Q.50 ©C.50 cloth — latest styles— fold always at $2. •* .
«gr Ing and bound with velveteen. The same <F<« «IpO *$i*h — *■ all colors. They are "_ , _'. ,.„„.. ._,_ '. '_!:'„ -£|»
£ skirts sell elsewhere for $15, $18 and $22 50. sold everywhere else at from $4 60 to $11. ' «JvV?^' * '} 4 TV , A^ n BATISTE 'T^
JLi ■ - „, . — — — — — WAISTS, with detachable collars— sl 25, .•*
IP „.,_ ,_ .„,«. i-, n ki 1, 7~ JH'K AND Silk Capes, silk lined and ;si 50, $1 78. 44»
A. pt' Vr * \ 1*" VELVET vAPKS, trimmed with jet; Velvet
■■^$ t> > S5 $3^.54 uri-d mohair ffl» sm. n en. 7 " , Cimes silk- lined and DUCK Blazer styles-cadet, tan and iSL,
X S %> " 5 S3'* 5 $4 ,^ 5 &P &<• tVn P nmedwith!e"tve-ref|DUCK Blazer styles-cadet, tan and if
V" v£t~7hoimd iVnTllnid 1 with r.mt^Hnlni P » MI j" k - Ilned lin(1 J et embroidered. All ele- !>KESSES navy ground, with white &.
*: veteen bound and lined with rustle lining. gant and dressy and fit to wear anywhere. j stripes. $1 50. Same in Keefer styles $1 75.
I KZE3I_iI_jY <Sc LIEBES, I
I 12p KZE-A-PtIJTY STREET, f
A.- ■• Special attention given to Country Order*. Satisfaction guaranteed.
Mary's parish and Company I to St.
Peter's in San Francisco.
AFTER liLYiii&s MILLIONS.
Kentucky Members of the Family Will
Stnu With the Case.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 6.— The fight
for Millionaire Blythe's millions is still on.
B. M. Blythe of Downey left to-day for
San Francisco. He received letters from
his attorneys saying that they are ready to
appeal the case of the Kentucky Blythes
to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
"I am going to put up the money to
defray the expenses in that appeal," said
Mr. Blythe.
The attorneys for Florence Blythe at
that trial contended that she was adopted
under section 230 of the Code of Civil
Procedure. She was illegitimate and a
subject of Queen Victoria. England has
no adoption law. The Probate Court
decided she was adopted under section
23u. The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court in bane.
"We think we will defeat her in the
Supreme Court of the United States," said
Blythe. "Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hinckley
is an impostor. She is the daughter of
Joseph James Sopcroft, who married her
mother when Florence was 3 years old.
She is not the child of Thomas H, Blythe,
and for that reason and many others I am
going to stay with the tight 'till the Ken
tucky Blythes win."
SOLANO REPUBLICANS.
Hilborn Indorsed for Congress by the
County Committee.
VALLEJO, Cal., July 6.— The Solano
County Republican Central Committee
met at Suisun to-day and called a primary
election for August 15 to elect delegates to
the Congressional convention at Vallejo
on August 22. J. J. Luchsinger of Vallejo
and Charlts Newman of Dixon were
chosen as delegates at large, and two dele
gates from each of the five Supervisor
districts will be elected.
The committee adopted a resolution
calling upon the delegates elected from
Solano to use all honorable means to se
cure the renomination of Hon. S. G. Hil
born to Congress. The following was
adopted :
Resolved, That we take pleasure in indorsing
the course of the Hon. S. G. Hilborn in Con
gress and warmly commend him for the spleu
did work and unselfish interest shown by him
in behalf of the district which he has so" ably
represented.
wovdijasij tiEysATioy.
Capitalist Allen Charged With Attempted
Jury Bribing.
WOO DI, AND, Cal., July 6.— A sensa
tional affidavit bearing on the motion for
a new trial in the case of Leland AUen vs.
Elizabeth Allen was filed in the Superior
Court to-day, in which J. G. Allen, a
wealthy and influential citizen, who is the
divorced- husband of the defendant, is
charged with endeavoring to influence
jurors at the former trial. ' This suit was
brought by Leland Allen against his
mother to recover money. A jury decided
in favor of the ruother'by a vote of 9 to 3.
11 is now charged that one of the jurors
was improperly influenced by the elder
Allen. It is alleged thai; during the re
cesses of court Allen interviewed friends
on trie jury and asked them to decide
against ii is son.
The Aliens are members of one of the
oldest families in the county, but have
been separated for years.
Adventure of a Woodland Woman.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 6.— Mrs. Fred
Snavely, while driving from Knights
Landing to Woodland, was pursued by an
unknown man on horseback Saturday
nitiht. Mrs. Snavely urged her horse and
after an exciting ride arrived at the home
of her father before the wretch could over
take her. George Eustis, the father of
Mrs. Snaveiy, came to town and swore to
a warrant for the arrest of the stranger,
but he has not yet been apprehended.
Mission Canyon IHsaster.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 7.— At
a late hour to-night C. R. Diver, superin
tendent of the streetcar line, reported
that a team of horses attached to a wagon
of some sort had been discovered dead at
the bottom of a gulch up Mission canyon,
and that tne owner or driver had not been
found. Officers have cone to investigate.
Killed at Graniteville.
NEVADA, Cal., July 6.— At Graniteville.
twenty-eight miles above here, Edward H.
Tartease, a sheepherder from Wheatland,
was accidentally killed during a horserace
on the Fourth. His horse swerved to one
side and he was thrown, his head striking
a log.
SPIRITUALISTS GATHER.
Friendship Hall Dedicated to the
Doctrines of That Re
ligion.
Addresses of Welcome by Mrs. Kate
Haskins and Other Features of
the Programme.
Friendship Hal!, at 326 and 32S McAllis
ter street, was opened to tbe public last
evening by the Ladies' Aid Society of the
spiritualistic cult, and dedicated to that
religion. Hereafter all their meetings will
be held there.
The commodious hall was appropriately
decorated with flowers, fern,s and the
National emblem. Over the platform
hung larjie paintings of Washington, Lin
coln and Garfield.
The exercises were opened with an ad
dress by Mrs. Kate Haskins, who extended
a cordial greeting to the representatives of
the spiritual societies present, and encour
aged them to take heart in their work,
saying that the light is spreading, and
many mourning hearts are deriving com«
fort therefrom.
Mrs. Haskins' address was followed with
a duet by Mrs. George Winter and Mrs.
Sarah Cooke, after which Mrs. Hendee-
Rogers made a few remarks, dwelling
especially upon the subject of unity.
Miss Jennie Pamperin followed with a
vocal solo.
Mrs. May Drynan of Chicago then gave
some good and timely advice to "those
who are endeavoring to spread the glad
tidings of the gospel of spiritualism." She
was succeeded by Mrs. Clark in a vocal
solo. "If the waters could speak as they
flow."
Professor C. H. Rin-es then made a short
review of the work accomplished in the
spiritual field of late years. He was fol
lowed by Mrs. Eugenia Tully with an in
strumental solo.
After some kindly words by Mrs. S. W.
Shiner, Professor Richard Young gave a
violin solo, accompanied on the piano by
Mrs. E. Young.
In a few apt and well-chosen words Mrs.
Harriet Wren expressed the wish that, as
the hall was named Friendship, all might
meet there as friends.
Mrs. Jennie Tully followed with a vocal
solo, "Just Tell Them that You Met Me."
The proeramme was ended with a few
friendly words by Mrs. Fanny Place.
Among those present were:
Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. I'nrk.T, Frank MuCann,
Ferdinand Olsen and wife. Mrs. Ella Stewart,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Nevill, Mrs. C. Cox, Mrs. A. C.
Terry, Denver; Louis Purcell, Denver; Mrs.
Mnttie Dunnam, Mrs. Hatrie Wrenn,
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Buzello, Dr.
Roberts, Mrs. .lane Romeol, Mrs. Martin,
Mrs. Slocum, Mrs. Welcome, Dr. and Mrs.
clnrk, Mrs. C. Cornelius, Portland; C. W. Tay
lor, ('. G. Jackson, Mrs. J. McKey, Mrs. K. C.
<ir:Hin. Mr«. Carrie .1. Meyer, Mrs. Carrie Wnr
mouth. Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Small, Mr. and
Mrs. Simpson, Professor and Mrs. C. H.
Rin-es, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Shinn,
Mr. and Mrs. I. M. Sloper, Mr. and Mrs. I». N.
Place, Mrs. Bird, Mrs. M. J. Hendee Rogers,
Mrs. Dr. Francis Treadwell, Mrs. M. J. White,
Miss Meda Haskins, Mrs. May Drynan, Mrs. K«
gert Aitkin. Mrs. Annie Slosson, Sirs. Welcome,
Professor Richard Young, Madame Young,
Mrs. Harlanrl, Emma Stemwood, Mrs.
Armstrong, Mrs. John Langan, Rev. J. Clem
ents, Mrs. Ray of San Jose, Mrs. Culverson,
Mrs. Latld Finican, Master Elmer Stewart, A.
J. Colby, W. T. Jones, Mrs. Julia Schlesinger.
SPORT AT SAXTA. CREZ.
Fishermen Credit the Salmon Hun to the
Iteparturr oj H'arxliips.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 6.— The fish
ermen are crediting the big run of salmon
to the departure of the warships and the
cessation of booming cannon over the
waters of the bay during the target prac
tice engaged in by the Philadelphia and
Monadnock. They say that while the
ships are burning powder at Monterey all
the fish at that point will come to Santa
Cruz.
However that may be nearly 200 salmon
were taken to-day and fewer boats were
out than yesterday. It does not matter to
the fishermen nor the sportsmen what is
the cause of the sudden rush of salmon
into the old fishing-grounds. They are
here and since the supply of sardir.es is
increasing the prospects are favorable for
a heavy and long run.
J-'ire at Chinese Camp.
SONORA, Cal., July 6.— The residence
of Morris Bros., merchants at Chinese
Camp, was burned to-day. Loss, $5000;
partially insured.
56
CHARLHS M. SHOKIKIDtiI:,
I it it or and Proprietor.' ' Vi .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Peetace Tree:
j>i>ily him Sunday >'m i l one week, by carrier^ $0.10
Dally unit huiuluv CaIX, out' ycur, \>y mu11.... (i.() 0
Daily nn. l Nmulny Cam., mlx. month*, by mail., K.IK)
Dully and Suiutuv «'ai.-.., ihrt'C months Iv umil 1.50
Dully nrid Buuday Call, (KM month, by mail.. .05
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.'...'. 3-50
\>kikly Call, 0110 year, by mall 1.50
»THI: SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to tin 1 country 011 ft vacation? If
MJ. i! la do trouble lor as to forward Til IS CAUt to
jour l, lrons. IH> nol let It miss you for you will
inisn it. Onirra k< v <-'» •" II "' carrier or left at
lWiMnottft Ofllc«« will recetTe prompt attention.
NO KXTKA CUAKOK.
BUSINESS OFFICE!
7 10 Market Strep;,
s»n Francisco, California.
Telephone Main- 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
r> l 7 i ii> Miwi.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES
630 Montgomery uttret, corner Clay; open until
i 1i 1 80 o'clock.
:!:<•.« Jlayes stiwf : op«<n until 9 SO o'clock.
TIS 1-srktn lUvet; open until H:3O o'clock.
B\V. corner mi-,' < and Mission atnetai open
until 0 o'clock.
'.'MS Mission .stive:; open until 9 o'clock
lit* MntU street: open until o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPICIi:
iHIb Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
l;conn SI atul S'J, .» Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M FOI/1/. Special Agent.
TTTKSDAY JULY 7, BM
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTHCTION
and PROSPERITY.
1 «>K ntKSMU \ I
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, of Ohio
108 vu i ii:i vi iv \ r
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
i i KOTION n<'> i fttBKR :\ i S9t*.. '
This is another holiday.
Here's Doping that Yale will win the
boa trace.
Monterey is now prepared to raise every
thing in sight.
Don't leave the City for your holidays
before you register.
You will find your happiest friends at
Monterey this week.
Commodore Sloat raised the flag and it
is our duty to whoop it up.
Chicago awoke this morning without the
faintest idea where she is at.
All that is left to Senator Teller is a
chance to be ring-master in a sideshow.
Why do we allow the Chicago conven
tion to go ahead and then stop a prize
right?
The Baa) [a given over to partisanship,
bat California Is still busy with patriotic
cole orations.
Cleveland's favorite song is: 'Had I a
donkey that would not go 1 would not
lick him, oh no!"
It is becoming more evident every day
that Whitney is made of a kind of stuff
that shrinks in the wash.
Cleveland will treat the Chicago conven
tion like the Gorman tariff and let it pass
without his indorsement.
It is another evidence of the contradic
tory condition of things at Chicago that
the favorite dark horse is White.
Senator Bill has bad experience in lead
ing forlorn hopes, but that affords him
now neither profit nor consolation.
Taking the festival*, carnivals and pub
lic holidays together, we hardly have time
to do any work between recreations.
Whitney was a great man four years ago,
but now he is not high enough to overlook
even Mich a stub and twist as Altgeld.
The mouth of Pennoyer of Oregon will
be as good a bore as any for the Democ
racy to use in making its last blowout.
If you wish to count as a factor in the
campaign for prosperity you miut join a
Republican club and help in the work.
Democratic bosses might as well begin
advertising for men to attend the ratifica
tion meetings if they expect to have any.
The brevity of Cleveland's Fourth of
July letter is a pleasing proof that the
tired feeling is getting in its work in the
right place.
The real Issue before the country is
whether we are to have a government at
Washington or a continuance of the mis
povernmenL
A party that cannot conduct a Na
tional convention with decency certainly
cannot conduct the affairs of the Govern- j
ment with honor.
Planks enough have been taksn to Chi- !
cago to make a bridge, but there isn't
brains enough in the party to make a
bridge out of them.
The Chicago convention cannot agree
la approving anything, bat it could be
made harmonious in a minute on a plat- '
form denouncing Cleveland.
Th» return to bimetallism would be of
no benefit to any class of people if it were
intrusted to the meddling and mnddling
of Democratic in com potency.
It is asserted that Boies had a brother
in the Union army, but Major McKinlev
w»s himself la the army. This country
has had enough of men who were patri
otic by substitute.
This country took a long step backward
when it intrusted the Government to a re
actionary party, bat in tai* campaign i;
will recover the lost ground and hereafter
the cry will be always— forward. *
While Democrats are splitting the • fac
tion« into fractions, Republicans are everr
whexe uniting and getting into line, anil.
ai a consequence, business has an assur
ance of coming prosperity and looks for
ward to a speedy revival of trade in all
departments of Industry.
The frequent visits to McKialey's home
by delegations, not only of men but of
carnest-miaded fronu»n, show the per
sonal popularity Of the man and attest
the esteem lv w titan be is held by the
whole peopto, This" popularity will have
its influence la the campaign and the
voters will cast their ballots for the man
they honor at well U the measures they
advocate.
THE INDIVIDUAL'S WORK.
The importance of individual effort in a
political campaign la not sufficiently con
iidered by most people. This is especially
true of Republicans wtien it is pretty gen
erally believed that their party will have
a "walk-over." river since the St. Louis
convention there has been a feeling in the
ranks of the party that Mr. McKinley
would Imve a majority so large that the
Democracy would have reason to doubt
that it was in the race. Now, it is just
this kind of wild ami foolish talk, and act
ing upon it, that will defeat the Republi
can ticket, if it is defeated. And, again,
the Republican rank and tile and leaders
had better make up their minds that vic
tory next November is not to be secured by
lounging upon rosy beds of ease mean
while. No matter who is Dominated at
Chicago, the Democracy la going to put
up as good a fight as it knows how. The
new bosses who have got hold of the
machinery of the Democratic party are
boiling over and will continue to boil over
with enthusiasm, and of a kind that is so
contagious that ii is sure to inoculate
pretty much all the rank and tile.
Then, again, there is a disposition on the
part of a great many Republicans to
console themselves with the belief that
the public has suffered so severely under
Democratic rule that everybody wants a
change and thai everybody will vote for
MoKinley. The very next belief that will
be entertained by such reasoners is almost
certain to be that "the Republican major
ity will be so great anyway I will take no
active part in the campaign." Only one
or two of that kind in each neighborhood
would be enough to insure the defeat of
the Republican ticket, and all such people
would be less harmful to the party if ;.. jy
wore to go over to the enemy.
Moreover, it will not do to put much
faith in dissensions in the Democratic
party. Democrats will pull hair and de
nounce everything and everybody, but it
is a "yaller-dog" party and any kind of a
ticket goes on election-day. A largo Baal
em contingent will bolt the Chicago nom
ination, no doubt, but their States would
go Republican anyway. while in the al
ways Democratic States the party is as
likely as not to hold its own. It will not
do, therefore, for Republicans to permit
themselves to become apathetic on the
ground that the Democratic party is dead
and that the election of Mr. McKinley will
bo merely a matter of easy-going form.
The Democracy is far from being dead.
The new leaders of the Democratic party
are wagering their political salvation upon
the contest, and Republicans everywhere
had better make up their minds that they
have work to do.
To properly organize for battle every
member of the party should not only uo
on duty, but teel that he is aosolutely neV
aaamry to victory. It is tue enthusiasm of
the individual that starts and keeps aiive
party a] irit, and it is tho individual who
votes, if it j s the desire of Republicans
that William McKinley should be tbe next
I'resident they will have to work in their
individual capacity a < Wflil a* collectively.
Parading the streets ami attending public
meetings are notonly necessary but obliga
tory, for great good comes of that kind of
campaign work, but victory is oftener due
to the efforts of the individual in a mis-
Bionauyaort of way. it is not good pol
itics to wait until the '•formal opening of
the campaign. Let the informal work of
the individual be beguti now, and let him
grow in enthusiasm for the success of the
Republican part} from day to day. There
will be no room for spectators in the "holy
show" that is to be made of the Democracy.
THE GOOD OF DEMOCRACY.
In their appeal to the honor and self
respect of delegates to hold fast to the tra
ditions of the party, Mr. Whitney and his
confreres do not exaggerate the dangers
which threaten it. It is true that the
Eastern delegates are centering their ef
forts upon the money question that there
may be no departure from the theory that
gold and only gold is the natural metal of
which to coin redemption money; but the
real struggle is to save the party from the
bauds of the Tillmana aud the Altjrelds of
practical politics. They see, as do all
thoughtful people see, that the ascendency
of such men in any party would be a
menace to the political and social safe
guards of the Nation. So long as such
men are restricted in their hurtful influ
ence to organizations of little numerical
strength their power for evil is not BO
great; but when it comes to dominating
one of the great political parties of the
country it is time the better element of
that party was pointing out the danger of
such leadership and warning against it.
But every advocate of individual free
dom and liberty under law should pray as
fervently as Mr. Whitney and his con
freres that the Democratic party may be
delivered from the influence which is just
now dominating its deliberations. The
Democratic party is as necessary to the
Republican party as the Republican party
is necessary to the Nation, and the freer it
is from unwholesome theories of govern
ment the stronger is" the Republican party
and the better wilt be its administration
of theaflalrs of the country. Were there
no strong and in a measure worthy op
ponent of the Republican party it would
be carried very far. astray from us true
mission by the selfish designs of ambi
tious men. The country needs the Repub
lican party because its purpose contem
plates tne betterment of National ami in
dividual environment, but it would fall
into degeneracy were it not continually
threatened with overthrow by another
party. Its leaders are not different from
other human being?, and the closer they
are watched by the leaders of another
party, who are constantly on tne alert for
cause for their indictment and trial at the
bar of public opinion, the closer will they
keep to the standard of conduct wnich
makes tbe Republican party, in its princi-
lea of Government, the strong right arm
of the Nation's weal.
If. therefore, the Democratic party
should be captured by its Altgelds and
Tillmans and their* theories of govern
ment adopted as the principles of the
ptrty, the Democracy would exert no
more of a restraining influence upon the
Republican party than anarchism now
does. There would be but one great
political party in the country— the Re
publican party— and through sins of omis
sion end sins of commission it would in
time become the people's master instead
of their servant. A* we have "said, the
Democratic party is needful in the
strength of it 3 highest and purest motives
to the Republican party, just as the wise,
prudent and patriotic motives of the Be
publican party are needed in practical
application la the conduct ot the affairs
lof the Nation. Hence uo Republican
I should look with satisfaction upon the
surrender of the traditions and ' the prin
ciples of the Democratic party to men
whose theory of government gives the lie
to the Declaration of Independence;
whose definition of "liberty" is 'every
one shall be a law onto himself," and
with whom the greatest "patriot" is he
who most successfully resists the authority
of the courts. Harmful as the Democratic
party has been to the country, it would
be a thousand time* more dangerous in
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, i»y«.
every w.iy wore its power for evil piven
over to t lie Altg<>hl and Tillmati school of
practical politics.
M'KINLEY AND THE PEOPLE.
I:i the frequent delegations that now
almost every day visit the home of Mc-
Kinley we can see an unmistakable mani
festation of the tendency or the people of
the country at Inrge. These delegations
are made uj. of all classes of persons.
Men who have hitherto been known as
Democrats or as Pouu lists are among
them. They represent, in fact, the gen
eral sentiment of the country and express
the common esteem among the people for
McKinley as a man as well as for the
champion of protection and prosperity.
These evidences of a personal liking for
McKinley show the hold he has upon the
popular heart. The people regard him as
one of themselves. They look upon him
as a friend and have ■ friend's desire to
see him, to bear him talk and to take him
by the hand. He receives them in that
same spirit of Americanism. He ifl not
exclusive. Hfl meets them with a wel
come which they recognize as coming
from the heart, and talks to them of woik
and wa»;es, of honest labor and its right
ful rewards, of the comfort and the wel
fare of the American home and of the
duty of the Government to provide by
adequate legislation to protect the work
shop and the home against foreign com
petition.
These friendly gatherings and friendly
talks ns of one neighbor to another will
have a threat influence upon the public
muni. Every workingman cannot go to
sc<- MeKinley, but ail can read the story
from day to duy of how lie receives other
men and what he Bays to them. Thus the
effect of each of these meetings between
representatives of the people and the great
leader will be widely felt, ,md the popular
mind, already inclined toward the soldier
oaadidateand patriot statesman, will grow
more and mora favorable to him as they
i-ee bin revealed as the plain-spoken,
honest -minded, simple-mannered, true
hearted American that he is in all his
dealing wi;h his fellow-man.
No one ever hears of delegations of
wortitig people calliritr upon Grover Cleve
land. There is a sign warning the people
from the grounds at Bunaxdi Bay. A
policeman, stops the way at the gate of
Woo Hey to all but the favored few. The
bond-dealers of Wall street find easy ac
msf to the home of the Democratic leader,
but workingmen are shut out. It is not
accidental that tbe Democratic leader is
so widely different in this respect from the
great Republican. Democracy does not
stand for work or wages, for labor well
paid and the American home. Therefore
it has no use for the leadership of a man
whose sympathies are with tbe people.
•Keep off the grass "is a good enough
sign for Deruocnu-v.
Republicans throughout the Union can
find abundant assurances of coming vic
tory in the evidences these visiting delega
tions afford of tne spontaneous turning of
the people to McKinley. They make clear
the fact that the leader of th« movement
for protection and prosperity is the type
of man that the peop'e delight to honor.
They will follow him with love for his per
sonal character as well as loyalty to his
cause, and so u> the polls lor him with the
same ardor they now show in calling at
his home.
WAR DECLARED IN CHICAGO.
The Democratic National Committee,
by a vote of 2tJ to US, riuiis; the gauntlet
down to the free-silverites yesterday after
noon with as much vieionsness and em
phasis as if they had fired it at them from
a Kr.ipp gun. The selection of senator
Hill for temporary chairman by a vote of
S3 to 23 was a deli to the majority, and it
was quite enough to give the silveritos to
understand that Vie goldites were ready
to Eight it out. but there was nothing in
tbe selection of Mr. EEill that tould be
construed into meaning an affront to any
individual, for custom gives tbe right to
the National Committee to name the
temporary orfteer« of the convention.
The real deli, however, was in seating
the entire anti-Bryan delegation from Ne«
bra«ka. Brvau na« been working like a
beaver for two years to secure favorable
mention from tbe National Convention.
Anything from ttie nomination for Presi
dent down to temporary chairman would
suit him. By joining with the Populists
two year* ago to elect Holcomb Governor
c : .N ( >L-ra>ka, he pot enough help in return
to put himself in as the bos? of the irregu
lar Democratic State Central Committee,
and ye«terday, while he was marchine his
Nebraska followers from the train to the
"Bryan headquarter?,' and while the
F residential bee was buzzing louder than
ever, the National Committee voted that
he Had no right in Chicago— that is, he
had no connection with worK ot holding a
Democratic convention. Had the goidites
polled Boie>" nose, Blaad'i r.ose. Ait
geld's i.ose and Tillmaa't nose, they
would not have created any more bouide
than they iiiu by refusing to recoenire
Uryan and his delegates as being eligible
to sit in a Democratic convention.
No douDt the affront put open Bryan
was in accordance with a deliberate plan
to force the tight from start to finish, and
in selecting Bryan the goldite? knew they
were slanehtering one of Altgeld's pet
lambs. It was certainly a bold and darinc
deed and it means that neither faction will
give or take quarter. Of coarse, the con
vention will seat Bryan and his delega
tion, although the courts nave decided
that his central committee is not the law
ful committee of the Democratic party of
Nebraska. It i* quite safe to predict that
Senator Hill will not be permitted to pre
side as temporary chairman. He certainly
will not if Bryan can help it; but then
Bryan has no faith at all in Boies' conver
sion to the cause of silver, which Boies
and his following know, and on that ac
count the lowa man's friends might rally
to the support of the National Committee
in refusing to recognise the Bryan delega
tion. Anyhow, the tight is on and no one
wants peace.
BARBED-WIRE FORTIFICATIONS.
General Weyler's generalship has evolved
to where it begins to dawn upon his
obtu?e mind that nis Spanish soldiers are
greatly in need of a new device to protect
them from a**su!t and battery at the
hands of tbe rebel?, and hi» now proposes
to run a line of barbed-wire fence along
hi? trocha. A line of barbed wire is a new
kind of fortification, but it is doubtful if
the insurgents will think that it cannot be
overcome. It would be just like the rebels
to send an advance guard to la&e down
the fence and lay it away for farm us«
when the war is over.
But that, is no: tae only evidence of
Weyler's boundless genius that has been
unearthed recently. His bank account
was running low, and by permission of
the Madrid Government he nas ordered
one of the Havana banks to "emit" $12,
-000.000 in paper. There does not appear
to be any provision for the redemption of
these notes other than about 20 per cent
of their lace rahxa in silver bullion, which
Spain agrees to send over later on.
If the war ever ends in favor of
Spain and commerce revives a cer
tain percentage of the income derived
from imports and exports will be applied
to the redemption fund. But it makes no
difference whether there is a redemption
fund provided or not tho notes are pooa
and everybody takes them— except Wey
ler. To the edict which orderea tho bans
to "emit" $12,000,000 in notes t >ere was
attached an intimation that refusal to
take them would be considered "an act of
sympathy with the rebels," which, being
interpreted, means death by shooting to
all who are not willing to receive the
"emit" at face value.
In this connection it is well to remind
the public that President Cleveland can
not suspend his iishinc operations long
enough to give Cuba a hearing. Perhaps
he will get around to it after he has caught
all the tish that are willing to be caugnt,
but meanwhile the resolution of Congress
urging the President to recognize the bel
ligerency of the patriots is getting rusty,
and the indications are that the Cubans
will h:ive to manage some way to exist
until Mr. McKinley relieves Mr. Cleveland
of the duties of President.
PERSONAL.
J. 11. 1^ Holcombe, U. a X., is at the Palace.
J. s. Mills, a Stockton busitiesi man, is a
guest at the Grand.
Dr. r.. Faulin of Portland, Or., is at the
Palace with his wife.
Dr. J. N. McMurtrey and wife of Salem, Mo.,
are guests at the Russ.
Joshua Green of the Jackson mine, Amador
County, is a Lick guest.
I>r. P. at Menefee or Arcata, Cal., is staying
at the Kuss lor a few days.
Dr. Albert H. Hayes of Boston is among the
latest arrivals at the Grand.
G. W. Hoggs, the grain merchant of Tracy,
is a recent arrival at !he Ku»s.
J. E. Tilden and wife of Sacramento are
guests at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
D. J. Stevens, a merchant of E!k Grove, is
making a short visit at the Grand.
Charles Krickson, tua San I vis Obispo con
tractor, lias a room at the Grand.
J. C. Hoe of Stocktou, traveling agent for
Wells. Fargo & to., is at the Grand.
11. N. Boggs, Mayor of Stockton, is making
tbe Lick las temporary headquarters.
W. 11. Clary Jr., a mining man ol Sheep
.Ranch, is among the late arrivals at the Lick.
M. V. Brown of Los Angeles, who buys fruit
for Ksstern markets, is registered at the
Qtand.
James A. HarJin. a cattleman and rancher
well known a: Santa Ro<a, is among the Ltck's
■
Dr. O. Block of Berlin is at the California.
He wns a peatenget ou tue Australia from the
i»iauds.
H. K. Leek, oflu\al court reporter for Stanis
laus County, is at the Grand registered Irom
Modesto.
Pr. Joeepta M. Topmoeller anl B. Top
moeller of Cincinnati, Ohio, are registered at
tbe Lick.
Dr. G. \V. Wood. United States navy, medical
dmvtor at Mare Island, is here on a visit at
the California.
Counted A. la Marois of Paris has apart
ments at the Palace, bho is traveling only
with her uia!J.
Richard A. Parker of Boston, Mass., a mining
engineer, recently from South Africa, has re
turiud to the Palace.
P. r. Flaherty, a well-known railroad man
of Arizona, is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel with his family.
Major Kdward Field oi the Fourth Artil
lery, i\ s. a., is at the Occidental with his
wife and Alexander Field.
Colonel Santa Maria and wife of Par:«, pas
sengers on the Australia from Honolulu, are
registered at the California.
H.M. LaKue, the Railroad Commissioner,
came dowu from Sa<jramento yesterday and
took a room at the Occidental.
Kruuk H. Short, the Frosno lawyer and at
torney ot one of the big water ditch companies
oi Fre«no County, is at the Palace.
F. '!.. Williams, a capitalist of Dnlnth, Minn.,
returned yesterday from Honolulu, where he
has been visiting his sister, who lives there-
Hiram W. Gray, a solicitor holding a Iteenee
from the Supreme Court of Utah, has been ad
mitted to practice In the courts of this State.
The Mistes Cudahy ot Chicago, daughters of
Cudahy the great pork-packer, are at tbe
Palace, accompanied by Miss Sullivan of
Chieavro.
Joseph Steiner, proprietor of the principal
ronfert:onery-sn re in Honolulu, Is at tbe
Occidental, having been a passenger on the
Australia.
Dr. Reuben L Hale, a dentist of Martinez
«'ul a graduate of the local dental college, was
among I] Me « b i registered at the Occidental
lay.
Lieutenant W. 5. Hughes of the United
States navy i% among yesterday's arrivals at
the Palace. He will soon leave Mare Island
for the Ea.«t.
W. G. Wood of this City 1? in the South mat
ing a study of olive culture preliminary to
setting out several hundred acres in the San
Joaquin Valley.
Martin Smith, formerly well known as a ary
inan ia this City, arrived yesterday
from Honolulu oa business connected with a
\M Bouse st Honolulu.
C. d;i Roi. manager of a large dry-goods
house in Honolulu, came uoon the Australia
to spend about ten days buying goods here.
He has a room at the Occidental.
I c Chevalier Valete de Pienozykowski.cham
berlain to his Majesty the Kmperor of Austria,
arrived from the Beat la*t night and his whole
name appears oa the Palace register.
J. D. Hayne, who until recently edited the
Hawaiian at Honolulu, arrived from the
islands yesterday with his »on. They are at
the Occidental, but will soon go East.
Major H. A. Bartletl of the United States
navy arrived from Honolulu yesterday with
Mr-. BkilaiM, c.i account, of whose feeble
health the visit to the islands had been made.
They are at the Palace.
>'..-- Rice, Miss Shields and Miss M. Shields,
Los; Angeles schoolteachers, on their way to
Alaska for their summer vacation, arrived at
the Grand yesterday. Ther will continue
their trip oa the Walla Walla.
"Colonel" Peter Sells of Columbus, Ohio, one
of the proprietors of th» Adam Forepaugh and
Sell* Bros.' show, now in St. Paul and moving
westward, arrived last night at the Baldwin.
He says the circus will be here in September.
J. H. Gibson, principal of the Government
school at Waimea. Kauai, the largest school
en the island, arrived yesterday from Hono
lulu In company with j. K. Burkett, a school
teacher at Kaloa, Kauai. They are quests at
the Occidental.
Ranaey C. Scott, a well-known young man of
Honolulu, where he manages his sister's large
estate, came up from the islands yeiteraar
and went to the Occidental. He is oa his way
to Boston on business and expects to return to
Honolulu in about three weeks.
Percy C. Tarbutt and E. W. Jacson of Lon
don, tbe two representatives of the Eaglish
syndicate formed to purchase Calaveras
County raiaing property, have returned to the
Palace after looking over the ground with
Prince Poalatowski and Charles Crocker, at
whose suggestion they came to this Coast.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
XEW YORK, X. V.. July 6.— At the St. Cloud
-11. G. Wilbeck; Murray Hill— Boynton;
Barret^J.G. Eldredge; Metropolitan—F.Brem
mer, J. Dietrick. H. J. Lawrsnte; S:uart—
E. Dreyfu* ; Holland— C. I. Fair and wife; Park
Avenue— O. W. Joces and wife: Imperial— Mrs.
K. C. K;-.j*ley: Belvedere— E. G. aad Mm.
XicheUoa: B«rthold:— Mis* L. Morris; Grand
Uaioa— ,a. p. mac; Everett— H. l. Younger.
INDORSED BY HIS NEIGHBORS.
Las Aa^.et Record.
Five Ujonuad womer. tiselile-lonsr neighbors
o: Major and Mrs. McKinler. VMM theia *
fewd&rsago. Ta»: shows how McKioley stands
at bone, and the hose standing is the place
to learn about the man. "Who ever beard ci
the women of Erie County. N\ V., tiring G rover
Cleveland a reception? VcXiaieywill cet about
all the votes that are cast in bis ccnatT. cieTe
land i own couctT turned *>** down. "
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
T. C. ("Tommy") McCombe, the genial and
popular purser of the Australia, is once more
around town. He is a general favorite, and
wlieuever he appears in the corridor of any
of the hotels a crowd is sure to gather.
"I'll tell you an old-new story," said he to
a crowd in the Occidental yesterday. "On the
up trip we were hard up for something to do
and somebody started conundrums. If any
body asked one and it was answered, he had
to Day a fine. If he couldn't give a satfsiactory
answer himself, he had to treat the crowd.
" 'How is it the mole cmi dig a hole and
leave no dirt at the mouth of ir." asked a jo
vial passenger. Everybody gnro it up and the
questioner said, with a laugh: 'Why, he r*e
(ran at the other end.' The crowd was puzzled
for a minute, and I, like a fool, asked: "But
how did ho get to the other end?' Then there
T- C. .McCombe, the Popular Purser of the Oceanic Steamship Company's Steamer
Australia.
wa« a laugh when the conundrum-maker said:
'That's your question; answer it yourself.'
The drinks were on me aud 1 paid ior them
gracefully. '•
The crew of the Australia celebrated the
Fourth at sea and Purser McCombe was the
lift* and soul of the party. He kept everybody
on the move, and the steerage passenger had
■• .- much enjoyment as his more favored
brother tn the cabin.
LAMENT OF THE LITERARY HACK.
I never met a crocodile, '
Ana ne'er have tbe River Nile
Kxcepl upon an atlas page;
Yet s;lll, since travel is the race.
My toiling pen this evening writes
Upon "Egyptian Scenes and Sights."
To-morrow. «!.h the setting snn,
"Glimpses of China" must be done:
".Bulgarian Folk-songs" come on next,
Anil much ray weary soul is vext
To think. I b>rc one day alone
To rend them op and write them down!
Next week I do "CJnsralese Pearls,"
"The Mar-Use Bate of College «.;irK"
"Wordsworth a: Home." ••Australia Flowers,"
"The Future of Our Naval Powers,"
"Ttie Genius of the Japanese."
And -Commerce l}ou Inland Seas."
1 ne'er have left my private land—
No foreign toticue I understand:
■■;. day by day and u!j;bt by night.
On ihlng* like these I sit and write,
llanl Is ray tasK and small my fee;
Oh, geutltrre»cer, pity me!
— New York Tribune.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
McKISLEY'S IDEAL.
Exgu-u Apprehension Coscaaanea Ocr Sil
ver agitation.
Tot?ie Editor of the San Franciico — Sir:
In common with all citizens who seek first the
welfare of our country, I have read with seri
ous interest the abie address of Major McKin
ley to the notification committee on accepting
the nomination of the Republican party as its
candidate for the Presidency. He has now
spoken in well-considered terms on the finan
cial issue. As a Lincoln Republican and Popu
list I accept, with slight change, this pivotal
declaration:
"The American people hold the financial
honor of our Government as sacred as our flag
and can be relied noon to guard i: with the
same sleepless vigilance." This was McKin
ley's ideal. The change in this ideal which I
desire as a Populist is this: "The American
people hold the paper money of oar Govern
ment as sacred as our nag, and can be relied
upon to guard it wi:a the same sleepless vigi
lance." The time is drawin;: near when this
will be profoundly true, and then, like the
nag. our National money will become, as Cae
sar's money siood lor Caesar, an emblematic
expression of the Nation's honor aad au
thority and patriotism and power and match
less resources.
That is the Populist ideal as I understand it,
and I claim that ii is more truly -American,
more patriotic, more philosophical, aud, in
deed, more Republican and mure Democratic
as Lincoln and JcSersoa understood party
principles, than Major MeKialev's really fine
sentiment on "finaacia: honor,"' and I chal
lenge any goidite Republican or Democrat 10 '
(ay that it is act all I claim, nay, far more, }
Even gold-blind prejudice itself will not deny j
that Major McKiaiey's felicitous declaration is
weak ana savors too much c: Wail street as
compared with my Populist modification c* it.
At ail events my challenge stands and is made
without limitation.
If this seems bold or indiscreet, let him eon- |
sider well who inclines to accept my challenge, i
for the decision will rest wiihthe people, acd t
they begin to understand the mosey question.
But I wi.l ro yet farther and say; Give the
American people a paper money of that kind,
based on th« seatimeat that upholds the nag.
and b*ck It as we co the nag by the honor, the
authority, the patriotism, the power ana the
match. resources of the Nation, and give
them enough oi it to do the business of the
country on a cash basis, and the "financial
honor of the Government" will need no
'•sleepless vigilance" to "guard it" egainst the
fold- power of our own country, or against any
gold-mad cation on earth. I challenge any
tola-.:* to say me n*y to th»t delegation also.
These are some of the thoughts which came
to me as I read ana then meditated upon
Major Me if y 's address this Fourth of July
aiternoon; but I defer other reference to this
masterly &daress that I may a&k any Repub
lican wno fears that the success 'of silver
men at this time may be Iraught with danger
to our commerd&l aad industrial interests ;o
read with due care the prognosticatioas of the
great ncacci&l journal of England and the
lew lines of cemmess by the Philadelphia
Item, from which I copy nnder th* sif nineant !
title, "free Silver and American Progress,'* as
follows:
An editorial ia the London Commerce, a
recognized trade authority, a champion of
gold monometallism Jar Eagl«ad,aadci*imiag
the .rcuiation in the world, has caused
eossiderahle t&lk amoag business men. From
i; the follow ins extract is takes: '
••Leaving the question of tariil for a moment
let us consider waat a bimet&Uist America will ,
meas for cs. Ia the first place it wiil mean an '
immediate premium on American expo rtt.
The effect of coining silver at the proposed ra
tio wocld, in all probability, bring about a
great 'boom* in [Americas] manufactures of all
kinds. Wage 3 would rise considerably, but
ihe experience of other countries goes to show
that they could not rise in proportion to the
advantage which exporters would derive who
sent their goods to r gold-using country, to
wit, to the United Kingdom. The manufact
urers of tbe United States \vou:d not bu quite
in the same position of vantage as the agricul
turist of the Argentine nor the exporters in In
dia, but they would have a sufficient leverage
over the manufacturers here to turn the scale
in every trade where now there is a doubt
which way the market trends. In tin plates,
in many kinds of machinery, inclueiug some
01 the very heaviest, in leatiier and in many
sundry manufactures where the British pro
ducer can with difficulty hold his own, the ef
fect of the change would be decisive. Then
this policy [of free coinaee of silver] is also a
bribe to the [American] farmers. American
meat — live catile being prohibited— also wheat
and all farm produce suitable for exportation,
could come over [to England] in greatly aug
mented auantities, for ihe difference in the
exchange wouid moan such an addition of
] profit that an immense stimulus would b«
I given all along the line [of American pro-
I ducts]. As to silver mining, all that can be
said is that there would be a rush.
'•The dimensions of the movement [in Ameri
i can production and exports] wculd depend
j upon many things impossible to foresee. But
! these anticipation? of what has become pos-
I aible [through the success of the free coinage
J movement] are not, it must be remempered,
i based on mere theory. We know already too
well what to expect from for. ;tn traders in a
I country where silver is a standard currency.
India. Japan and Argentina are all bearing
witnea to the insidious effect on British [also
American?] trade of conditions similar to tnose
now in proci-ect in the United t-tates [in the
, event that the free silver forces should succeed
I next November], Meantime, vre cannot too
i soon face the possibilities and reali2e the true
significance of the position as it is" [with the
possible succe«s of free silver in the United
a ■■■■].
; Tne Item then adds: Among many of our
j local [Philadelphia] business cie-.i this is con
: sidered a substantial acknowledgment that
free silver coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1 with
gold would give us the markets of the world.
both for our manufactures and agricultural
• products.
I have no space for a word of comment, but
1 think it la ao: ueeded.
Jof.pii a<bcp.t Johnson.
San Francisco. July 4. ISSHi.
LADY'S JACKET BASQUE, WITH
FRENCH BACK
A shape at once stylish, becoming and ea?y
to make is not always attainable. The model
shown here boasts all these qualities. The
basque or peplum being sewn on separate, i
savins: much worry over the fit at the waist
line, and takes less material than a basque cut
in one with the body. The French or seamless
back, with side gores. Is very stylish. The leg
o' mutton sleeves are finished by cuffs that
flare in the proper style. The double r ever s i
are chic and admit of a variety of trimming
Separate waists of silk are made in this shape
as well as waists of costumes. A silk of black
and white in many stripes had revers of em
broidered batiste over apple-green satin. The
re«t was of white emtjroidered mull. The belt
was of the green satin. The collar of silk had
a box-pleat of the satin overhanging at both
sides of the back. Cuffs of batiste over the
green satin.
A brown mohair had vest of brown and white
Brow eilk. The revers and cuff were of
brown covered with heavy white lace. Pearl
buttons overlaid with gold filigree finished the
edges of coat below the revere.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Billy— Blest if I think that last lithograph
agrees with me. ; . _ :
Nanny— Serves you right! I told yon not to
eat the pink trees or yellow sky, but to confine
yourself to the blue grass.— Puck.
Fair Patient— there no way o! telling ex
actly what is the matter with me*
Dr. Emdee— Only a post-mortem examination
would reveal that.
Fair Patient— for heaven's sake. make
one. I don't see why I should be squeamish at
such a time as this.— Pick Me Up,
Showman— is a picture of the Israelites
crossing the E*d Saa.
One of the Audience — I don': see t>.» I*.
ra elites.
Showman— Oh, they've just crossed or»r.
One of the Audience— where are th»
Egyptians?
Showman— They've just gone under. Say,
how much will you take to lake your non«v
backT-Pick-Me-Up. "
Roadster— la Bikeiy a man of means?
Scorcher— ls he ? Why, he owns three differ
eat makes at wheels!— Philadelphia North
Anericaa.
■ He— So you visited Pompeii I
i She— yes!
He — How dia you like it !
the— Well, I must say I was awfully disap.
pointed in the place- Of course, i; was beau
tifully located and all that, but it was dread
fully out of repair.— Halifax Cinonicle.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The largest sheep-owner in the world is said
to De S. MeCaughey of the Coonong station at
Jerilderie, New South Wales. He has 3,000,
-000 acres of land, and last season sheared
1,000,000 sheep.
Emperor William's latest tad is telegraphy,
and he is spending several hours a week learn
ing to read messages Dy dots and dashes. He
has already made considerable progress as an
operator of the key.
The Czarina has been appointed to a
colonelcy In the Prussian army, and the regi
ment thus honored will hereafter be known
as tho Second Dragoon Uuard Regiment of the
Empress Alexandra of Russia.
The Emperor of Austria likes spaetzle, a kind
of macaroni, and apple wine, while the food of
the Empress consists of cold meats, fruits, the
juice of raw beefsteak and tea. She is very
careful of her diet, as she is solicitous to pre
serve ncr figure.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. J'ac. Carriage Co.*
•—• — ♦ — •
Fpkcial information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by tha Prast
Clipping Bureau (Allen s>, 510 Montgomery.
Visiting Cards printed 60 cents per 100.
Engraved $2 per 100. Printed from plate
$1 per 100. Invitations printed or engraved.
First-class work at popular prices. Stationery
Department, Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
•—• — • — •
King Oscar of Sweden likes the national dish
of raw salmon preserved in earth, ana a soup
composed of boiled barley and whipped cream.
In case he is deposed he is well trained to con
duct a boarding-house, as all the remainders
of roast in his household are made into hash.
Are You Goinij East".'
The Atlantic and laclfic P.ailroad— Sant* Fo
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing 10 its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. I'articuiarly adapted Tor the trans
portation of lamilies because of its palace draw
ing-room and moaern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et oflice. 044 Mniket street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Fxcursion to the Yellowstone Park.
Swell excursion v.'ill leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. .Rates cut way down. Every
thing tlrst-class; meals in dining cars. The finest
sight In the world Is the hot water geysers, found
noplace but in the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 Market
street, San .Francisco.
— — —
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura
Bitters to every glass diseases from drinking pollu
ted water are avoided.
— — - — «■ —
Mant causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
Haib Balsam brings back the youthful color."
I'ahkkk's Ginoeb Toxic cures Inward pains.
For jaundice and liver complaint, Ayer's Pills
are better than any other. They do not contain a
particle of calomeL
• — ♦
Mamma— you have a nice time in the
park?
Boy— Yes.
Mamma — did you do?
Boy— Oh, lots of thine*. Run on the walks,
an' made faces at the pleeceman, an' dodged
the horse?, an' fired stones at the "Keep off
the grass" signs, an' everything!— Cincinnati
Journal and Messenger.
NEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAQQIOM KID GLOVES.
I THE GREATEST
Muslin
Underwear
1 Sale
I EVER INAUGURATED!
I 20,000
I Manufacturer's Samples!
If Every One Different.
g Every Piece Brand New
I and Very Desirable.
|j We have often quoted low
S prices, but never before any-
H thing to equal the values men-
i tioned to- Jay.
I Nightgowns
g At 40c, 50c, 60c, 70c, SOc, Ssc to
H $4.00. Less than cost to manu-
g facture.
I Chemises
1 At 30c, 40c, 45c, 50c, 60c, 75c to
M $1.50. This is about half price.
I Drawers
I At 25c, Me, Me, 50c, 60c, SOc to
I $2.00. Away below regular
h priws.
3 Skirts
If A: ate, »* 60c, Toe, SOc, $1.00 to
|3 $5.00. The material alone can-
|| not be purchased for the price.
I Corset Covers
I At iv, Be, Be, He, xV. 65c to
y $1.50. Worth just twice as
M much.
II We oalv &«k an inspection. The
■ price and quality of these goods
3 are bound to be irresistible.
ll Mail orders promptly filled.
§ NEWMAN &LEVINSON,
M I*s* IVI, 119. 131 Kcarn.T St.
I r>r»ucb Mure 742 and 744 Market.
f'Well. what more can we do?"
5"« knew that 1: Is a* moat nOaat*
■*" =a*Je. aad jrc*r*mee it la
every p*rtl«:lAr. Yes. me HBacf.
s-B «s axdGasousi Exetn. xi
ytia nwtl *" * a « ia * I? <*»»* io wr.:«
lor a Cataio«ra# and Pric« List to
American Type Founders* Co.
Saa rr»r.oacc\. Cal.
Bay direct from iaaaKf»cuire» *a»i s*t« 435.
111 1 I Tabl««. -Etc.
LJII I A Xl CUy M * u -**»**•.
Wll 111 J. * F. KJ^SBI^b.U3yc Coll
TUESDAvZ^ JCLY7.IB9B
AMUSEMENTS.
r>nronNiA THEATER.-"Americans Abroad."
Colimbia Thkatkb-" London Assurance.
- i>K*-horsK- A Money Order."
nvou ' rvi-A-HorsF.-"Locia."
( vrnn-w- Hieli -Class Vaudeville.
sitro BATHs-Bathing and performances.
-hoot the cm-TRs-Daily at Haight •treat,
one block east of the Park.
ALCTION SALtS.
By Chas Levy & Co.-This day (Tuesday).
Furniture* at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By Ovo F. La mpox- Wednesday, July 8, Fur
; v street, at 1 1 o'cltx k.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Baptist pastors discussed a new brother
hood yesterday.
The Federation of Women listened to a plea
for Lillian Ashley yesterday.
Hiram W. Gray has been admitted to prac
tice in the courts of this State.
Presbyterian paston expressed strong views
on the silver question yesterday.
Assessor Siebe submitted an interesting re
port to the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
The Weather Office predicts fair Tuesday.with
increasing southwesterly and westerly winds.
A Durst sewer on California street causes
considerable loss to the painting material oi
H. F. Wagner.
The remedies of Dr. Goto are now in seem
ingly successful use with the leper patient 6at
the Pesthouse.
Major Edward Field has come here from Ft.
Adams, R. 1., to be inspector of artillery for
the department.
Another attachment, this time for $72, has
been p;aced on the Park. Theater by the Na
tional Iron Works.
The woman suffragists are preparing for the
organization of a system of precinct clubs
througnout the State."
Yerba Buena Lodge, I. O. O. F., will cele
br:iti_' its torty-fltth anniversary in odd -Fel
low's Hall this evening.
The committee of the Golden Gate Carnival
is undecided as to the design to be adopted for
a souvenir ol the occasion.
The Police Pension Commissioners met yes
terday, but no action was taken as to placing
any officers on the pension .
The taking of testimony in the Baldwln-
Ashiey case mv finisoed last evening and
August 20 was set for the argument.
The Kxempt Firemen *iU celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the raising of the
American flag on Thursday at noon.
The second issue of the Building Trades
council's working card goes into effect to-day,
and the old ones have been ordered in.
All-night cars will be put on July 14 to ac
commodate participants in the Erench cele
bration, to take place at the Chutes garden.
William McDonald, sergeant-at-arms of tne
Board of Bi '-<hs removed yesterday
and Robert B. Bartlett appointed in hia place.
A mass-meeting in aid of the Go.den Gate
Carnival will be held in the quarters of the
Chamber of Commerce next Thursday after
noon.
■ -.p annual election to-day of the Society
of California Pioneers there is only t.ne ticket
in the field, headed by Elliot M. Root lor
president
A. Anderson, who celebrated the Fourth by
firing bullets out of a revolver, was sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Campbell
iay.
James Baynrd Whittemore Jr., great grand
son of Commodore Sioat, will read the anni
ry of me flag-raising in this City next
Thursday.
The Board of Supervisors has referred the
in of closing saloons between 12 mid-
M-idtt a. m. back to the Heaithand Police
Committee.
M>. Mamie Roland, or Baldwin, of Sacra
mento was arrested on Kearny street early
yesterday morning while masquerading in
man's attire.
Antonio J. Machado, who. was accidentally
■hot in Sunol on the 29th ult., died last even
ing from the effects of his wounds at the Ger
man Hospital.
Pr. Kuhlman will not have to go to jail for
apt In the Sonderup case, the time of
hi< commitment having expired during the
legal proceedings.
The charge against William Castley, the- Bo
ciali-t who was arrested for obstructing the
streets, was dismissed ye3terday by Police
Judge Joachimsen.
The Afro-American League will hold me
morial service next Sunday afternoon at the
A. M. E. Zion Church in memory of Mrs. Har
riet Beecher-Stow.
C. W. Beals, collection agent, procured a
warrant yesterday for the arrest of Joseph E.
Sham, his brother-in-law, on the charge of
threats against life.
L. E. Ralston, and Thomas Curley, an ex
convict, were caught early yesterday morning
robbing the grocery ot Henry Muiler, Sutter
and Devisadero streets.
An amended opposition to the will of Mary
B. Toland has been filed. It is alleged that
Mrs. Toland wa6 mentally incompetent ai the
time she made her will.
The Supervisors may expect to be called
upon to provide better quarters and insist
upon better treatment for the prisoners at the
-. Calii'ornia-street station.
The salaries of tne public school teachers will
not be docked this year. It is the intention oi
the Directors to expend $165,000 in urgently
needed .building repairs.
In Judge Slack's court yesterday Henry TJn
run peid bis fine of $100, imposed upon him
for pointing a pistol at Attorney Crittenden in
the courtroom last Thursday.
The Board of Education nas just revived the
old and objectionable rule making it compul
sory upon lady teachers to resign from the
department when they marry.
A peculiarly atrocious case of cruelty to a
paralyzed horse was reported to the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals on tne Fourth of July.
The Western Addition Improvement Club
censures the lack of car service on the branch
of. Sutro's electric road on Central avenue, be
tween Sutter and Geary streets.
In a rough-and-tumble fight "Mysterious
Billy" Smith knocked out Gallagher, takiiif?
advantage of his surprise. The affair nad
been arranged by some would-be jokers.
M. Kiuney , 965 Market street, swore to a
complaint yesterday in Judge Campbell's court
charging William McCauley, saloo: keeper,
Polk and McAllister streets, with robbery.
In giving a statement of his wealth on the
witness-stand in Judge Slack's court yesterday
K. J. Baldwin mr-iuioned that he had a 160
-ucre-farm in Indiana mortgaged for ail it is
worth.
Assessor Siebe turned over hla assessment
rolls to the Board of Supervisors yesterday and
rendered his annual report, showing an in
crease in the total valuation of San Francisco
property oi $32,000,000.
Yesterday Judge Slack crave Attorney Crit
tenden till next Wednesday to prepare his
appeal to tl.e Supreme Court from the Judge's
fining him $250 for drawing a deadly
>n in the couriruom.
\>r. Arthur Marten was on trial before Judge
Campbell yesterday niu-moon for threatening
to kill Anna Josseiyn, and the Judge reserved
■ ision until to-morrow, meantime order
\> defendant into custody.
Mrs. Mary L. Sime, daughter of the late Dr.
V. H. Inland, yesterday began rait against
\ '.irdner for au accounting. She al
jiey have grossly mismanaged the busi
. ,til it brings her no revenue.
trial of Creegan and Becker yesterday
J •• McClosker testified that he had seen
i ,n Oakland in December last. This is
• positive evidence that Becker was in
.teat the time of the Nevada Bank for-
!
Merchants' Association has called the
ion of Superint"iident of Streets Ash
to the isct that many of the streets iv
»V »^U-rn Addition are in a very filthy con
, and request thet he arrange lor their
• Kept in order.
. K. P. Kerry, 1107 Bush street, and Theo-
Cythe, h "lodger, obtained search war-
Judge Campbell's court yesterday
pot easl n of lurniture and other cf
egally seized by John W. Flinu, auc
, .;'JI Gutter tirett.
■ - Godfrey a the marine fireman whose
KtioD ior Cather.ne Nugent of 28 Minna
;ih'. got him into perpetual trouble for
i-t three yours, appearu'l before Judge
bell again yesterday and got another
cbanoe to behave mmself.
Mrs. Samuel Rosenthal brought suit yester
■ mM M. N. Hirsch to recover the value
- - • :;tid loaned him while he was
her tm-baiid'- partner, also for nine months'
md lodging, and for the lease of the
. it 642 Market street.
'" ' :■:•• Brown, alias "Dog Face" Brown, and
James Foley, who wen arrested last Saturday
by Detectives Dillon and Crockett while trying
to pick pockets amonk the crowds on Market
fctreer, were each sent to the County Jail for
six months by Judge Campbell yesterday for
Y*«raucY. .
LAST OF M OLD
TIME CLIPPER,
Claimed by the Sea After
Thirty Odd Years of
Service.
SHE WENT ON THE ROCKS
A Year Ago the Melrose Was
One of the Prettiest Barks
in the Bay.
ARRIVAL"! OF THE AUSTRALIA.
Sausalito "Boys" Are Laughing Over
the Joke They Had en Host
McCormick.
The old bark Melrose has probably made
her last voyage. Thirty years ago she was
one of the fleet which made America
famous en the high seas, but now she is
high and dry on the rocks in Puget Sound
and the chances are that she will be
broken up and sold for junk. She was
about 1000 tons burden and was built in
East Boston in 1863.
In the days of long ago the Melrose was
one of the clippers running between Bos
ton and Liverpool. When larger and
speedier vesseis were built she was put on
the run between New York and San Fran
cisco, and finally, as old age crept on, she
was turned into a collier. For years she
ran between here and Vancouver, B. C,
but some months ago she was loaded with
lumber and sent to Australia. As ?he
passed through the Golden Gate every
man on the front admired the old bark,
and as the tug cast her off and sail was
made on her she made as pretty a picture
as has been seen anywhere near the Heads
in many a day.
From California the Melrose went to
Port Pirie and there unloaded, rrom
there she went to Newcastle, N. S. \\\,
and loaded coal for Central America.
After dischar ing and reloading she went
to Puget Sound and was on her way out
with another load of lumber, when she
went ashore at Sooke Inlet. According to
last dispatches she was in a dangerous
position and the underwriters considered
that she would be a total loss.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday,
and there was the usual trouble between
the quarantine officers. Dr. Chalmers was
on time and boarded the steamer off Fort
Point. CaptainiHoudlette thinking every
thing was all right went direct to the
wharf and paid no attention to tne whistles
of the Sternberg. By the time Folsom
street was reached the skipper saw that
something was wrong and refused to allow
the gangplank to be put out. Finally Dr.
Blue got aboard and then everything was
straightened out.
The Australia brought the following
cabin passengers:
Mrs. Professor Alexander, Mrs. H. Z. Austin,
Mrs. H. P. Baldwin and three children, Major
Bartlett and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Basford, Mrs.
R. B. Brenham and child, J. K. Burket, W. J.
Beck, Dr. Block, B. R. Banning, Master Platt
Brush, Mrs. B. Cariwright, Miss Rowena Dow
sett, Miss Marion Dow^ett, Miss Genevieve
Dowsett, C. Dv Roi, F. F. Eccles, Mrs. H. Gunn
and child, E. F. Gut-chow and wife. Dr. Gedge,
wife and child, R. P. Grecr, T. H. Gibson, W. B.
Godfrey Jr., J. D. Hayne and wife, Mrs. Hume,
E. C. Hume, tne Misses Hume, Norman Hal
stead, Mrs. Captain Houdlette, H. A. Jaeger,
Mrs. P. K. Makee, Miss Violet Makee, Miss C.
Moulder, Miss Moore, M. S. Pereira and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. Santa Maria, If. Schweitzer and
son, Miss A. Snow, Miss E. M. Smith, Harold
Spencer, J. Steiner, R. C. Scott. Miss Taner,
E. J. Witcher, wife and child, E. Z. Williams,
Snarp Walker, J. (i. Waibel, Miss A. Small and
James Torbett.
Everybody had a splendid time on tne
Fourth. It was a truly democratic affair,
and the sailors, firemen, steerage passen
gers, cabin passengers and officers all
joined in making the day a success. Pro
fessor Dillon of Indiana delivered the ora
tion, and J. D. Hayne of Honolulu made
a patriotic speech. The most enjoyable
event on the programme, however, was
the hula hula, as danced by R. P. Greer.
Early m the morning Chief Officer Lawless
fired a National salute, but the first two
shots were a failure, as the powder was
wet. Everything was soon got in working
order, however, and the twenty-one guns
boomed in rapid succession. When it
came to the fireworks the ship looked
more like a Fourth of July procession than
anything else. The first bomb that was
fired struck tne water and ricocheited
back on board. It happened to land on
the back of the ship's cat, and Black Tom
has not been seen since. Cnief Lawless
and other members of the crew are still
searching for the poor animal.
Flort nee Blytiie-Hinckley and her hus
band made a tour of the bay in the launch
j Amy yesterday. Henry Peterson showed
them the sights and finally landed the
party in Caliiornia City. After a ramble
| over the hills the return trip was made.
The Sausalito and San Rafael boys are
! having the "ha-ha" on host McCormick of
1 the steamers bausalito and San Kafat 1.
Friday afternoon last he met "Jim" Tay
lor on the street and said to him: "Jim,
take my card and lot the boys on the boat
have a Fourth of July drink with me."
"Jim" faithfully obeyed orders, and ttie
card was used again and again until every
body on board had bad half a dozen drinks
and McCorm ck's demijohns were empty.
"Hurrah boys," shouted Taylor as the boat
entered the Sausalito slip. "I have had
passes on railroads, streetcars and
steamers, but this is the first time I've
ever had one on a bar and it's still good.
Let's have another Fourth of July drink."
There was nothing left but sodawater.
McCormick now wants the pass back,
but Taylor refuses to give it up.
Several Custom-house officers were in a
quandary yesterday. The Hartley was tak
ing them to the Mail dock when her shaft
broke and the propeller dropped into the
bay. After drifting around for a time she
w;is picked up by a passing towboat and
I taken to M-iggs wharf. While repairs are
being made on her the tag Hackett will
De used by the customs officials.
The steamer Hiawatha has been sold to
the Spring Valley Water Company, and
in future will be used &> a water-boat. The
company is now handling the water sup
ply on the front, and Goodall, Perkins <fe
Co.'s tug Sea Witch is laid up.
The Pacinc Mail Company's City of
Peking gut In from Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu last Sunday. Among
the passengers were forty young Chinese
bound for Eastern colleges. Collector
Wise received instructions irorn the Treas
ury Department to permit them to land,
as th<: Chinese Minister had vouc .ed for
their safe return to China at the conclu
sion of their collegiate course.
Ready Framed Pictures, Easels, Screens.
Piano and Banquet Lamps, Onyx Tables and
Clocks are located on the second floor at San
born & Vails. Hundreds of these are marked
with pink tags, which ir.exns that they are
being closed out at half the regular price to
make more room for their wholesale notion
department. •
Giovannini'a Estate.
The will of Daniel. Glovaiiiuni, whose estate
is valued at $35,000, has been filed for probate.
The property is left to Angela Giovannini and
Daniel Gio'vannini Jr. Eugene Cadenasso
and Louis Gendottl are named as executors.
<■ — ♦ •»
The King of Pill's la Beecham's—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
The Old Clipper Bark Melrose as She Appeared When Leaving San Francisco on Her Last Trip to
Australia. She Is Now Going to » ieces on the Rocks in Puget Sound.
POPULISTS READY
FOR ST. LOUIS,
They Are Mainly Farmers
Who Go to the National
Convention.
THE LIST OF DELEGATES
The St. Louis Conventions Are
Veiled Mysteries to the
Party.
SO IS THE STATE CAMPAIGN.
Mny Delegates Interested in the Big
Convention of Co-operative
Societies.
The Populist State leaders have per
fected arrangements for tne trip of the
California delegation to the National Con
vention which will convene in St. Louis
on the 22d inst.
The Caliiornia Populists are as much at :
sea regarding what will be done at their .
National Convention as the California !
Democrats were concerning theirs two
weeks ago. To the whole Nation the pros- |
pects of the Populist and silver National
conventions of St. Ixiuis are as vague, fate- I
ful and full of varied possibilities as has |
been the Chicago convention, which is i
now the cynosure of all political eyes.
Now, we may hardly guess who the Popu
lists and Silver men will nominate at St.
Louis, presage much of tneir platform, or
at this moment foreshadow the political
relations among the three anti-McKinley I
parties that will develop within three
weeks.
The Populist and Silver National con
vention?, which are to meet on the same
date, will probably surpass in the num
bers drawn to the convention city and
likely in political significance the creat
convention now in full blast by Lake !
Michigan.
There will be more to the Bt. Louis con
vention events than the definite National
machines of the Popuiist party and the j
somewhat inchoate silver party. Various
"reform" elements and various organized
expressions ol discontent will cut a figure
on the side. Political history will be made
at St. Louis as well as at Chicago.
California will be represented at the
Populist convention by thirty-nine dele
gates and at ihe Silver convention by
about the Fame number. Quite a number
who are not delegates will also go.
The Populist and silver delegations will j
leave on the 16ih inst., but they will not i
go on the same train as was the original
plan formulated througu their community •
of interests. Railroad hustlers are re- i
sponsible for this separation. The list of '
silver delegates is not yet completely
made up.
The Populist delegation will leave on
the morning of the 16ih inst. and proceed
by way of Ogden and Denver, where the
Utah and Colorado delegations will join
j them, going thence to Sti Louis by way oi
i the Missouri Pacific. The silver delegates
will leave on the evening of the 16th and
go by the Union Pacific route.
The Populist State Executive Commit
tee which met yesterday bad for its par
ticular business the filling of the places of
such delegates elected at the State Conven
tion as could not go, but very few of the
delegates reported that they could not go,
although the expense of the trip is a seri
ous matter with a majority of them.
They are representative Populists who
compose the delegation. Four-fifths of
them are farmers who are not used to tak
ing a hand &t tne wheel of tne ship of
state, but they have ideas of their own.
There are four lawyers, one doctor, sev
eral workingmen, no merchants and four
editors. The editors are: M. E. Dittmar
of the Redding Searchlight, delegate at
large; Dr. R. E. Curran of the Los Ange
les Civic Review, G. H. Gilstrap of the
Tulare Citizen and If. W. Wilkins of the
New Charter, San Francisco. The lawyers j
are: T. V. Cator of San Francisco, Alfred
Daggett of Visalia, Henry C. Dillon of j
Los Angeles and Mr. Welcn of San Jose, j
Among the delegates is J. C. Waybrigut
of Grass Valley, a farm laborer who four
years ago drove 200 miles to attena the
State Convention. W. A. Vann of Colma, '
Populist nominee for Coneress two years
ago, is another of the delegates. C. N.
Harris, secretary of the Bimetallic Union;
James Ashbury Johnson, the writer; J. C.
Walker, a shoemaker, and John C. Gore
are among the dele ates from San Fran
cisco. E. M. Wardail, chairman of ihe j
State Central Committee and one of the
four delegates at large, will likely be chair
man of the delegation.
The delegation will not put on any frills
or take along any wines. It will travel in
tourist sleepers and wear cheap but pretty
badges of ti;e California poppy color. 1.
y. Cator, M. E. Dittman and three other
delegates are now in the East. Cator will
be early in St. Louis and will look after
the California hea -{quarters, which will be
at the Holland House.
The delegation will arrive in St. Louis
on the 20th inst., in time to attend a een
eral conference on direct legislation, which
will be held on the 21st. This conference
has been called by Ignatius Donnelly, E.
M. Wardail and others. Those especially
interested in the direct legislation propa- |
canda, as most of the leading California
Populists are, will urge this as one of the J
chief planks in the People's party plat
form this year.
Ignatius Donnelly, the eloquent farmer,
writer and agitator of Minnesota, will
likely be one of the Populist heavy guns
who will stump California when tne cam
paign gets hot. He and E. M. Wardail are
old personal friends, and Wardail expects
to get him out here lor a stumping tour.
Another side issue in which many of the :
California delegates are interested is the i
great and probably to-be-notable conven
tion of co-operative societies and people
to be opened on the 24th inst. This will
be a grand effort to unite in some way, or
rather to combine the efforts of the great
number of co-operative organizations in
the country. The Farmers' Alliance Ex
change, tfie Labor Exchange, the Amer
ican branches of the Rochedaie Co-opera
tive Association and the Grangers are but
four of the heterogeneous collection of co
operative movements to be represented.
California affords co-operation in a great i
variety of forms, having forty or more co- i
operative sooieties running flourmills,
tanneries, labor exchanges, mercantile en
terprises and so on. These co-ot»erative
people are "reformers" and anti-monopo
lists and the convention will be semi
politicai. J. If. Moore of San Francisco,
purchasing agent for the Farmers' Al
liance, and W. W. Wilkins of San Jose
will be leading representatives of Califor
nia co-operation.
The following is the list of PoDUlist
delegate* as it stood last night:
At large— Alfred Daggitt, Visalia; John S.
Dore, Fresno; K. M. Wardail, Monrovia; M. E.
Dittmar, Redding.
FllSt District— J. W. Koegan. Santa Rosa; F.
Hougtiton, Corning; Dr. (j. J. Brown, Fort
Bragg; J. M. C. Murphy, Redding; i". Tappon
dorri, Fernda'.e.
Second District— W. R. Woodard, Lincoln;
Jesse Poundsione, Grimes; Daniel McKay, Sac
ramento; J. A- Simons, Florin; J. C. Wey.
linni'.t, Pieasant Valley.
Tnird District— sjamuel Stewart, Suisun; i
W. A. Vann, Sycamore: J. R. Garner, Arabella; ;
W. W. Brown, Livermore; Ed McGuire, Oak- i
land.
Fourth District— C. N. Harris, W. E. Walker, '
K. EL Harney, J. C. Gore, Joseph Asbury John- j
ioi:, San Francisco.
Fifth District— Dr. G. W. Daywalt, T. V. j
Cator, San Francisco; J. R. Welch, M. W. Wil- j
kins, San Jose; J. W. Mines. College Park.
Sixth District— E. M. Hamilton, Los Angeles; ;
J. K. Burnette, I'a^o Rubles; A. R. Sprague,
Fairmount; H. C. Dillon, Long Beach; J. L.
bteele, banta Maria.
Seventh District— E. E. Duncanson, Ontario;
i . 1. Bennett, Tustiu; J. L. Dryden, San
Diego ; George F. Elliott, Hollister; W. H. Gil
strap, visalia.
At St. Louis the delegation will fill any
vacancies that may appear there. Some
of those in the list given above were ap
pointed by the executive committee yes
terday.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee yesterday, the finance committee,
of which John S. Dore of Fresno is chair
man, considered the money matters of the
party without taking any steps of great
importance. Chairman Wardail says that
the committee has not begun any special
efforts to raise money yet, and will not do
so until after the convention. The com
mittee has a small debt two years old
jvhich it will pay very soon, and the policy
| this year will be to noi go tosl of expense
| without having the cash on hand to meet
: it. There will be no debt when the cam
paign is over.
"We are all at sea retarding the State
campaign," taid Chairman Wardail yes
terday, "because so many things depend
on the National conventions. It's all
guessing in the dark just now in talking
about toe probable future. There will he
no combination with the Democrats, that
is quite sure. I think that the gold men
! will wield v strong influence at Chicago
I and leave their impress on the work of the
j convention.
"If the silver men at St. Louis indorse
! the Democratic nominee, I believe it will
1 defeat silver. The Populists and the inde
pendent silver men can carry California,
j or the Populists and silver Republicans
can carry it. I believe that the silver Re
publicans will vote tne Populist ticket this
year and 1 hat the Democrats cannot put
up a man who will i oil as many votes in
this State as McKinley.
"There are so many contingencies ahead
that it is impossible to guess who t .c Pop
ulists will nominate at St. Louis. There
is no candidate yet prominently to the
front. Teller may be the nominee it he
will come and stand on our platform. We
will make a platform that any honest man
who wants reform can stand on. We will
naturally give the South due considera
tion in the selection of our nominee."
CAPS THE CLIMAX.
O'Brlen'i July Clearance Opens to an
Immense Crowd and 18 Pronounced
the Greatent Harcain Sale of All.
As usual, O'Brien's annual July bargain
sale openedto an immense crowd yesterday.
And "a crowd" at O'Brien's means a vast
number of people ; for any one of the many |
broad aisles of the firm's mammoth estab- |
lishment will accommodate many more i
than an average retail house. But the I
crowd was there and its magnitude belied I
the general belief that everyone is out of!
town— in fact, as Mr. O'Brien said, "it un- j
mistakably proved that there are always
plenty of buyers if the inducements are <
strongenough."
In this case there was no question as to
the unusual character of the inducements, \
the entire remainder of the linn's spring ',
and suniinr r stock of dry goods and cloaks
having been marked down f or clearance
to figures that In many cases were less I
tnan half original selling prices.
Nothing — not even the latest styles and
novelties — was spared from the sacrifice,
and the eagerness of the throngs that sur
rounded every table and lined every
counter when the store was visited in the
afternoon stiowed that buyers thoroughly
recognized the unusual opportunity pre
sentt-d, ana fully realized that the goods
could not last "long at the "eiving away"
prices prevailing.
Judging from its auspicious opening and
the radical measures adopted for its con
tinuance the ultimate success of this great
sale becomes an assured fact, and it bids
fair to be Jong remembered as the greatest
of all O'Brien's great bargain sales.
LADY TEACHERS
MUST NOT MARRY
The Sudden Revival of an
Objectionable Old
Rule.
IT PROMOTES CHANGES
Lawyers and School Directors
Seriously Doubt Its Le
gality.
HARD TIMES FOR THE GIRLS
They Must New Make Up Their Minds
Between a Husband anrf a
Position.
When a lady school-teacher of San Fran
cisco makes up her mmd to take to her
heart a husband, her resignation from the
department is compulsory. The rule was
formally adopted at the latest session of
the Board of Educaiion and is now in full
lorce and effect. Tne unmarried ladies
now teaching in the public schools are
much more numerous than the wives and
widows, and tliis news is likely to take
them by surprise.
Still they must mate up their minds
that it will be impossible under the pres
ent administration, at least, to enjoy sim
ultaneously the luxury of a husband and a
position in the department. This, in the
opinion of the school sa.'es, would be de
cidedly "too much of a good thing "
So the only course for the fascinating
young schoolma'ams who are matrimoni
ally inclined will be to grin and bear it.
Lut r on, when a lot of new directors have
been elected, there may be a chan>j« and
the unpopular rule may be rescinded.
Until that time the handsome and accom
plished young teachers must wait or marry
men with lots of money. Then they
would probably be willing to leave the de
partment any way and make room for
some of their younger and less fortunate
sisters.
"We enacted or rather re-enacteil this
marriage rule," said Director C. A. Mur
dock, "for politic reasons. It was adopted
by an almost unanimous vote, although I
think t at Directors Clinton and Hender
son are against it. Director Comte, who,
as you know, is a lawyer, advised us that
if ever taken into the courts it would, in
all probability, be declared to be unconsti
tutional, still he voted for it.
"You see wf already have a sufficient
number of married teache-s in the depart
ment to see to the minds and morals of
the primary children, and their positions
are not, of course, disturbed by this new
ruie. Ido <iot know that its adoption will
make any appreciable difference in the
number of vacancies occurring from time
to time. As a eeneral thing, when a
younc cirl in the d< partnient marries she
resignsvoluntarily, but recently teachers
have been intermarrying to a rather alarm
ing extent, and we concluded that it was
about time to enforce this rule. It re
mains to be seen what will be the result."
Some years ago this rule, making the
resignation of lady teachers compulsory
upon their marriage, was originally intro
duced by a Democratic Board of Eluca
tion for the ex\ ress purpose of creating
vacancies to be rillea witn the friends and
followers of tne directors. Many secret
marriages and more or less scandal ensued
and the objectionable rule was subse
quently rescinded. Even at that time the
legality of it was seriously doubted, but
for obvious reasons no teacher has ever yet
taken an appeal to the courts.
THE PARK THEATER.
National Iron Work* Place n Second At-
tachment on Box- fflco Receipts.
The Park Theater on Grove street, be
tween Polk street and Van Ness avenue,
succumbed last evening to the second at
tachment placed on the receipts of the
box office by Marshutz & Cantrell, pro
prietors of the National Iron Works of this
City.
Thursday evening of last week this firm
of machinists got the Sheriff to seize the
box office, and t>.e sum of $10 75 was then
obtained by the firm. The attachment
was released and business was resumed by
William E. Johns, lessee and manager of
the theater.
Last evening the Sheriff again appeared
on the scene. The playgoers who hnd ex
pected to pay 25 cents each for the joy of
seeing the only Dan McCarthy, Irish
comedian, as the "Pride of Mayo," were
grievously disappointed to read an an
nouncement on the outside that the
theater would be closed until next Mon
day evening.
The amount of money due the National
Iron Work", according to the attachment
papers, is $72. _
For His Wife's Maintenance.
T. Z. Bliikernan, attorney for St.' Vincent's
Institution for the Insane, a St. Louis (Mo.)
corporation, has sued John T. Davis for $1508
for caring for his wife during the past two
years. -..-'.' ■!'-•.
• — ♦ «
Sir Henry Bessemer has paid upward of
£10,000 in patent stamp duties alone on
I his various inventions.
UP WITH THE FLAG
NEXT THURSDAY.
Patriotic Work by the
Exempt Fire Company
of This City.
CANNONADE AT MID-DAY
Commodore Sloat's Great-Grand-
Son Will Read the Proc
lamation.
REV. VCORSANGER THE ORATOR
Men From the Flassh p Philadelphia
and Frcm the Presidio to Take
Part in the Ceremony.
The arrangements for the calebration ie
this City on Thursday next of the semi
centennial anniversary of the conquest of
California and tt.e taking possession of
Yerba Buena, as San Fran-cisco was then
known, by Captain Montgomery of the
sloop-of-war Portsmouth are complete and
will be carried out at noon on that day.
There are to be two celebrations of the
conquest — one at Monterey to-day to cele
brate the conquest of California by the act
of Commodore John Drake Sloat in havine
the American nag raised at Monterey, and
the other in this City by the Exempt Fire
Company in commemoration ot the rais
ing of Old Giory on Portsmouth Square,
Last evening George T. Bohen, A. J,
Jessup, J. J. Guilfoyle, Godfrey Fisher
and James O'Donnell of the committee of
arrangements held a meeting in the ball
of the Exempts on Brenham place, when
what had been done was reviewed, and it
was decided to make a report to the com
pany at a meeting to be held to-night at
which every member is expected to be
present.
The programme as arranged is as fol
lows: As the bell sounds on the Central
station of the fire alarm system the flag
will be run to the masthead of the pole at
the head of the square by a detachment of
men from the Bagahip detailed for that
purpose by order of Admiral Beardslee;
the firing of a salute and the playing of
'"The fctar-spangled Banner" by the band.
Then James Bayard Whittemore Jr. will
read a copy of the proclamation that was
issued by "his great-grandfather. Commo
dore Sloat, upon the seizure of Monterey.
The band will then play "Hail, Colum
bia," after which Rabbi voananger will
deliver the oration, and the programme
will close with the rendering of the Na
tional hymn, "America."
The old double-decker hand engine, cov
ered with bunting, will be rolled to the
eastern sidewalk of Brenham place; the
piii form on which the old boys worked
the upper Drakes in days of yore will be
extended and serve as the rostrum for the
reader of the proclamation and the orator.
Under the shadow of the big double
decker there will be on exhibition the
pioneer engine " '49," that did service in
the days of the big conflagrations; and
there will also be shown a reel that was
once the property of Broderick Engine
Company No. 1 of the volunteer depart
ment. This is a curiosity which for twenty
eight years was under a shed in the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company's yard, near
Third and Townsend streets, where it was
kept for use in case of fire, and it has upon,
it several lengths of leather copper-riveted
hose that was in use long before carbon
ized rubber or canvas hose came into
service.
There are many in this City who when
they see this on Thursday will for the first
time see that kind oi fire hose.
There will be a detachment of men from
the Philadelphia, soldiers from the Pre
sidio, members of the Naval Battal'on and
military, and naval officers, State and City
and County officers who have been in
vited.
After the ceremony the invited guests
will be treated to a collation in the hall of
the Exempts.
THE LABOR UN.ONS.
The Plasterers Have Admitted Appren
tices Into Their Organization.
The Building Trades Council's new work
ing-card goes into effect to-day, .and orders
have been issued to all journeymen in the
affiliated unions to turn in their old cards
and secure new ones.
Notice has been sent to all contractors
that no union plasterers will cover work
done by non-union lathers.
The Plasterers' Union met last night and
decided to admit apprentices into the
union free, but the young men will have
to pay "_'s cents a month dues. Each ap
prentice must serve lour years before he
can Decome a full-fledged journeyman, and
no contractor is allowed to employ more
than one apprentice. Even then he must
have been contracting at least a yeaT.
The ironmolders' new officers were in-
RtulifMl inßt pvsninff. Grp.it lirennratinns
NEW TO-DAT.
All Japan tea, that we
know of, sold on the coast
(except Schillings Best)
is colored falsely — gener-
ally with Prussian Blue, |
which is poison. Unless
you are a thorough judge j
of tea, you can't tell pure
tea from poisoned and j
weighted tea.
The safe Japan tea is ■
Schillings Best. It is
made from the first choice I
of tea-leaves, and nothing
is put into it to make it
look better than it is.
It is honest tea, and has
an honest backing; your
grocer gives you your
money back if you don't
like Schillings Best.
A Schilling 8k Company
san Francisco 321
DR. A. BARKAN
HAS RETURNED FROM KHKOPK AND RE-
sumed practice at his office, 14 Grant avenue.
HEW TO-PAT.
Beauty's bane is®* \^/£
the fading or falling of Vv^^tf >
the hair. Luxuriant : '&^%_
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms Is yet- unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
are being made for the picnic, which will
be held on the 18th inst.
The fraternity of hotel and restaurant
employes met " last night at the Turk
street Temple. The employment secre
tary reported all members of the union
employed. After admitting several new
members the president announced a social
for the benefit of members and their
friends at the regular meeting, Monday,
July 13, Remarks were made by William
H. Thomas, Eugene Brown, B. Krieger
aryi i'heodore Lynch.
PAINTER'S ST C K AFLOAT.
A Burst Sewer on California Street
Causes Considerable Onmage.
A choked sewer on California street
caused the destruction of considerable
material in the paintshop of Henry F.
Wagner, at t>;ss California street, during
Sunday night. When Mr. Wagner arrived
at his shop yesterday morning to resume
work he found his material floating about
on a pond of dirty water. First he was
puzzled to ascertain the cause of the sub
mersion, but an investigation soon con
vinced him that the trouble originated in
a defective sewer.
Pumps were called into requisition and
men went to work repairing the damaged
waste-conductor. In the meantime the
painter was busy separating oil from water
and white lead from both.
Among all races the weight of the male
brain is 10 per cent heavier than that of
the femaJe.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
rnitDLAnQUtGOTTLOD« G>- uibts AnDnuiMtßJ-"
MOST EVER
DELIGHTFUL WRITTEN.
COMEDY Ml
LON DON ._ ASSURANCE I
A lasting monument in the creation of the fer-
tile brain of that abnormally clever author-actor,
DION L. BOUCICAULT.
A PRONOT7NCKD HIT !
Last night's enthusiasm and curtain calls knew
no bounds.
A BICMARKAIJI.i; CAST!
San Francisco's Superb "Home Organization."
THE FR AWLEOoiPpT!
Who fully appreciate and understand the re-
markable humor, the ever-refreshing wit of this
charming comedy, and the same Beautiful oa-
tumes and Stage Settings.
- Monday next, by unanimous demand,
"THE CHARITY BALL !"
ANOiHKK IOOESIsIYL TKII'SIPH!
L. R. STOCKWELL'S
%££? AMERICANS
Mr. Hebbebt K'ELCEY,
MiSS Kffik shannon a Y> "D f\ A T~\
And the Star Cast. XV J )ltV/2\.JLy
Every Evening This Week. Matinee Saturday.
NEXT MONDAY, Presenting a
MR. FRKD'K WAItPK, Magnificent Spectacular
MISS ROSE COGHLA N* Production of
And L. K. Btodcweil'a CARMEN
IMavers. Vj AK M Jli JN
POPULAR PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. i».NBiTiNt KRKiiiNo. I'ropno.or .t .tlauacac
THE GRAND OPHRA SEASON.
Under the Direction of Mr. Gustav Uisbichs.
Donizetti's Favorite Opera,
TO-NIGHT,
(In Italian).
Cast Includes:
Mmk. Natali, Sir. Maurice de Vries,
SlO. FERNAXBO M ICH ELENA, SlO. A BRAMOFF, «tC,
10-MORKOW KVENING,
Cioi: nod's Tragic Opera,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" {In English).
First Appearances of Nina Bettina Uumphrys.
Anna Russeil, Angelina Casati, .
l.ichard Karl.
Thursday and Saturday— "LUClA."
Friday and Sunday— -ROMEO AM) JULIET.'
NEXT WEEK-" KIGOLETTO."
Poi ilar J?rl~ i— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTKR MOROSCO. sole Lessee ana MiiiujiT
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian,
JULE WALT
In His Up-To-Date success.
.A. TVLOISTJEITSr oi^DEnt
Supported by the Pick of Our Company.
SPECIAL COMMEMORATION 3IATI-
NEE TO-DAY (TUESDAY).
• jvinmno rairii inn ana ■')* '
family Circle and G*llerr. 10a
r>-u.il Ala'ciuoe-t Saturday and bandar.
• O'Farreli Street. Between Stockton and PowelL
Matinee To-Day (Tuesday), July 7.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
Week Commencing Monday, July 6. I
ANOTHEK (iRIVT BILL!
THE JACKLEY— KOSTONS,
COLLINS & COLLINS,
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS,
, THK FKKDKKICKS TKoCPE,
29 HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS! 29
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic 'Railway on Earth!
i EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
, The Greatest Bill Ever Given in the City I
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA!
ARAGON, Queen of Wire Walkers.
SISSERIKTTA JONES.* the -Black Patti."
PROF. MAC ARi'S BABOON, DOG ,
AND HONKS V CIBCDB, and th«
MA RLO-DUNII AM FAMILY.
ADMISSION -10 CENTS.
Children, Including Merry-Go- Round Ride, 5 centfc
J>tttto §Jltll!£i.
VENETIAN WATER CARNIVAL
WILL BE REPEATED AGAIN
By Special Request.
MONDAY NIGHT, TUESDAY AFTER.
NOON AND EVENING; W.
In Honor of the Hoisting of the First American
. Flag In Callornia. •
SPECIAL ELECTRICAL ILLUMINATIONS
And Electrical fountain at Night.
GENERAL ADMISSION-
AdulU, 10c Children, go.
78
ASSESSOR SIEBE
FILES HIS REPORT
Books Placed in the Hands
of the Supervis
ors.
INCREASES ARE HEAVY.
The Total Valuation Raised Over
Thirty-Two Million
Dollars.
SAN FRANCISCO'S INDUSTRIES.
Slatislics Showing the Labor Em
ployed and the Value of
the Products.
Assessor Siebe turned his books over to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to as
sist that body in its deliberations as a
Board of Equalization, and at the same
time rendered a report in which he gave
the principal changes made during the
vast year in the assessment roll of San
Francisco.
The total valuation of property was in
creased over $32,000,000, the largest in
crease being on the banks and large cor
porations.
Mr. Siebe also sent a letter to the board
informing it that he does not believe the
allowance of a percentace of the collec
tions of taxes on personal property unse
cured by real estate is legal, and that the
59000 per centage allowed him by the law
has Been turned in to the City Treasurer.
The report, which is self-explanatory, is
as follows:
Assessor's Office, \
San Francisco, July 6, 1896. j
To the Honorable the Hoard 0/ Supcrrisors of
the City and County of San Francisco—Gentle
men: In compliance with So.
14,400 (third series) of your honorable body, I
herewith submit my annual report as City and
County Assessor, for the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1896.
On July ti I delivered to John A.Russell.
Esq., clerk of your board, the assessment-roll
<•: personal property, contained in seventeen
volumes, and secured personal property
nmounting to £53,40G,790. nd the real estate
assessment-roll, contained In fifty-four vol
umes, amounting to $276,919,241, of which
$187,578,691 was the assessment against land
and $89,340,550 was the assessment on im
provements, In addition to the above. I also
delivered one volume, containing assessments
for the payment of principal and interest on
Dupont-strcet bonds, four volumes ot indexes
nnd fifty-four block books of maps of all the
lands and subdivisions of real estate within
iho*CUy and County of Han Francisco.
The personal property roll last year footed
up 786,542, while the real-estate roll j
amounted to $265,018,605. We therefore find
a net increase of $32,530,884 on personal
property and real estate over last year, the en
tire assessment last year having been £327,
-805,147, as compared to £3t!0,32b",031 in L 896.
The receipts and expenditures of the office j
were as follows:
RECEIPTS.
Tax on personal property unsecured
1». real estute fG0K.144 92
Folltax 78,216 00
Total $081,360 92
EXPENSES.
Salary of Assessor $4,000 00
(Salary of regular deputies. 24.HCJ 00
halaryof extra deputes.: 78.977 42
Kolls, stationary, blockbooks, etc 2,617 79
Horse and buggy hire 55" 60
Telephone service (approximate) " 100 00
Subscription to ; apera 25 00
Total 110,576 71
I herewith submit for your inspection a copy
of my annual report to the Surveyor-General
of the ttaie, with ihe statistics of the mechani
ial and manufacturing interests of this City
and County. Very re* 1 , ectfttlly,
John D. siebe, Assessor.
The assessments of the principal banks
for personal property are as follows:
A nelo-California Bank 81 ,409,644
Bank of California a, 108.550
Hank oi British Columbia 2,155,250
Bank of British North America 206.123
Crot-ker-Wooiworih Bank 461,250
California Sate Deposit and Trust C 0... 499,701
l>onob.oe-Kelly Banking Company 165.058
>'lrst National Bauic or .San Francisco.. 677.355
liumboldt savings and .Loan society... 52,495
i a Soetete Francaise 348,727
London HDd San .Francisco Bank 1,252,260
London, Paris and American Bank 1,490.420
Mutual Savings Bank 556,543
Pacific Coast savings Society 80.9b6
San Francisco Savings Union 2,677,083
bavlngs ana Loan Society 1,515,721
Becur ty Savings Hank 838.652
The Hibernia savings and Loan Society 886,463
The German *avimis and Loan Society. 1,997,211
Tallaut Banking Company 115,
The Bather Banking Company 224,197
The Nevada Bank 2.0.10,616
Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank 3,846,032
The big corporations doing business in
San Francisco were assessed as follows:
Market-street Hallway Company 44,432,885
Spring Valley Water Company 3,549,365
Sun Francisco Gas Light company 2,305.599
Kdlsoa Light and Power Company 878,375
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany 859,715
Pacific Gas Improvement Company.... h26,040
butter-street Bailroad Company 503,750
California-street Kailroad Company.... 886,476
Geary-strret Kailroad company 371,865
I'reaidio and Ferries Haiiruud Company 54,275
Sutro Kailroad Company ti1, 350
In addition to the figures already given
Mr. Siebe has had prepared a vast amount
of statistics relating to the industries of
tan Francisco, the number of men em
ployed and the value of the products for
the year ending June 30, 1896. The prin
cipal industries are rated as follows:
Agricultural implement manufactories, 1 : men
i in,. in. 25; vaiue of manufactures, $40,000.
Air-compressor manufactories, 2: . men em
ployed, 25; value of manufactures, $50,000.
Aluminum manufactories, 2; men employed,
10: value of manufactures, $50,000. -- ■ •
Artificial stooe manufactories, 23; men em
ployed, 240: value of manufactures, $350,000.
Architectural Iron ruanuiactor:es, 7: men em
■ ployed. 70: value of manufactures, $125,000.
Axle grease manufactories, 4: men employed,
30: value of manufactures, $100,000.
Bag manufactories (jute and hemp), 3: men
and Don empioyed, 160: value of manufactures.
f590,000.
Bag manufactories (paper), 1; men and boys
employed, 12; value of manutuctures, $35,000.
Barrel manufactories, 20; men and boys em
ployed. 300: value of manufactures, $500,000.
Barbed wire and wire nail , factory, X ; men and
boys employed, 50; valuo or manufactures
§75.000.
Bedding and upholstering factories, 14: men
employed, 160: value of manufactures, $300,000.
Bedbpring manufactories, -: men employed. 15
-value of manufactures, $65,000.
. Bellows manufactories, 2: men employed, 5;
value of manufactures, $12,000.
Belting mauufact ries, 4: men and boys em
ployed, 47; value of manufactures, 175.000.
Blillnrd-table manufactories, -: men and boys
emplo;. Ed, 0; value of manniactures. $25,000.
Boat-builders, 1 1: meu employed, 40; value of
manufacture.', .f 25,C0U.
Isooibiniteries. 17; men. boys and girls em
pioyetl, 255; value of maautactares. $250,000.
■ Bi'ots v • shoes a/iil slipper factories, -7; men,
'•wQnu-n -and boys employed! 500; Chinese em
!..!m<;i) : 150: value of manufactures, $1,200,000.
: Brass " foundries, 6:; men and bo\rs employed,
1 1">>: Value of i.Miiiulu/tiires, $220,000.
.; : manufactories {cigars).- 4: men and boys
employed, -ii), : value of manufactures,
CUineee employed, 100: vaUfe of manu
twcMrrre, $30,000/ • *
JJO.t;tnana£flctorlcs"(papc'r>', 4; men and boys
, Vftitrhyvd, value of manufactures, $100,000.
'■ . .M-iaf.iii.if-tSK,.". . v,. i :i ■;, ., m ; men and buys
■ crfi ployed,' :-viifi- \..i";,e mjteutaotures, $450,000.
■° ;i:,-ewrr(«s, .29; '.men* employed, 730; hups con
'fiilTiiCd"(pounds), 500.GOO; barley consumed (tons),
.-OOOO: b*er manufactured (barrels), 600,000
-"vuiiietif preiiuet;. if 1,700^000. »' "
L 'factories, 5.$ men and boys employed, 100;
villa? Qf' manufactures, $.125:1100.
;; , J}ruih.X?ciories,"l 1 ; ujeji and boys employed, 90;
vvatueo(nlnnulaclurps. #7r),000. . ••
'. .r-v'aijo'le.foccorit'sf, 2; men ami boys employed, 30;
.ydlUAbf 'Hi;iiiii:afHirrs, $76,()(J0.
.••T,Car.rAa««ahd*w«g<jn ttianufactorles, 47: men and
■yJKjys" employed, 300;' value of manufactures,
.9100,000.. , ';
Csttj^f, n>lee'and chocolate mills, 21: men, boys
Hiid^ciris employed, 400; value of manufactures,
jtl.OOO.;. : • "-. *
'■ Co'trfmtlonery manufactories, 28: men, boys and
. Klris- employed, . .300'; value -of manufactures,
BSWJUWk
Cider manufactories, 4: men employed, 11;
value Of manufactures, $10,000.
Cigar manufactories, 301!; men, women and boys
employed, •-■.'>()•. Chimse employed, 600: cigars
manufactured, 63,183: vmu»of manufactures,
1,800,000; cigarettes manufactured, l!,827,0OO.
Cracker bakeries, 3; men and boys employed,
160: vniufof manufactures, $<>60,000.
1 Car manufactories, '2: men employed, 100; value
. of manufactures, $ 150,000. m ,
■ Chemical work*, 9: men employed, 30; value ,
of iiiiiiiiitaciiire.-i, $150,000.
Clothing manufactories, "8; men, women and
boys employed, 3110: Chinese employed, 900;
value of manufactures, $1,760,000.
: Coppersmiths. 3; men and boys employed, 40;
i value of manufactures. $100,000.
; Cordage and rope factory, 1; men and boys em
| ployed, IJ6U: value of manufactures, $650,000.
Cloak manufactories, 34; women employed.
SSO; value of manufactures, $160,000.
Coffin manufactories, 2: men and boys employed,
50; value of manufactures, *100,000.
Cutlery manufactories, 4: men employed, 30;
value of manufactures. $30,000.
Dryoocks (floating). 2; men employed, 60: ca
pacity of dock 1, 4500 tons; capacity of dock 11,
2000 tons.
Drydocla (stonp), 1; length of rxrnvatlon in
rock, 490 feet; width at top, 120 feet: width at en- |
trance, 80 feet: capacity Of length, 425 feet; capa- ;
city of drawing, 33 feet; capacity of pumps (per
hour), 326.816 feet; total cost of work, *675.0ti0.
Klectric machine works. 3; men employed, 100;
value of manufactures, 550.000.
Klectric light companies, '1: men and boys em
ployed, 255; number of inenndescent lichis, 77,
-6« jO: number of arc lights, 3300: coal used (ions),
26.400: value of product, $719,000.
EUectric supply manufactories, 15: men em
ployed, 100: value of manufactures, $200,000.
Elevator manufactories, 2; men and boys em
ployed. 36: value of manufactures, $60,000.
Fertiliser manufactories, 4; men and boys em
ployed, 50: value of product, $100,000.
Fireworks manufactories, 1; meu and boys em
ployed, 19: value of manufactures, $20,000.
Flour and feed mills, 7; men and boys employed,
200: value of manufactures, $850,000.
1 1 umlries and machine works, 40: men and
boys employed, 2000; value of manufactures,
12.000.000.
KrinKM manufactories. 4; men and women em
ployed, 150; value of manufactures, $200 000.
Fruit canning and preserving factories, ti ; men,
women and boys employed, 1200: value of vege
ta^'e*, fruit ana meats, $2 OUO.OOO.
Kuruilure factories, 20: men and boys employed,
200: value of manufactures, $200,000.
Fur manufactories, 5; men and women em
ployed, 150: value or manufactures, 9200,000.
Gas works, 2: men employed, 500; value of
product $1,750,01)0.
Gas engine works. 8: men employed, 80: value
of manufactures, $75,000.
works. 1: nun and boys employed, 150;
I value of manufactures, $°Jf>o,ooo.'
Qiaos cutting and bending works, 4; men and
tiovs employed, 50. value of manufactures, $250,-
I 000.
Glove manufactories, 12: men, women and boys
employed, 500; value ot manufactures, fBOO.OOO.
Glue factory, 1: men and boys employed, 8;
value of product. $40,000.
Glycerine manufactory, 1; men employed, 14.;
value of product, $45,000.
Harness manufactories, 30; men and boys em
ployed, 2uO; value of manufactures, $350,000.
Hat and cap manufactories, 8: men and women
employed. 100; value of manufactures, $350,000.
Ice manufactories, 3; men employed, 35; value
I of product, $100,000.
Ink and mucilage manufactory, 1; men em- I
I ployed, 8; value of manufactures, $15,000.
Iron fence manufuctori. s, 4; men and boys em
ployed. 20; value oi manufactures, $25,000.
! Japanning and galvanizing factories, 3: men
■ and boys employed, 50; Value of prodnct, $125,
-! 000.
i Jewelry manufactories, 15: men employed, 125;
value of manufactures, $500,000.
Laundries (white labor 11{«, Chinese 174— 293);
men, women and boys employed, 1300; Chinese
employed, 1000.
Last manufactories 3; men employed, 25; value
of manufactures, $20,000.
Lead pipe and shut factory, 1; men employed,
50: value of manufactures, $500,010.
Linseed oil works, 1; men employed, 60; value
• of product, $200,000.
! Macaroni and vermicelli factories. 12; men
: and boys employea, 125; value of product, $150,-
Malt houses, 4; men employed, 50; value of
: product, $600,000.
Marble works, 20: men and boys employed, 80;
| value of product, $150,000.
Match manufactories, 2; men and boys cm
i ployed. 60; value of manufactures, $35,000.
Millinery manufactories. 109: women employed.
t 600; value of product, $100,000.
Mirror manufactory, 1: men employed, 15; value !
of manufactures, ♦20,000.
Musical instrument manufactories, 10; men and !
boys employed, 60: value of manufactures, $70,- !
i 000. ' I
OaKum manufactory, 1; men employed, 20:
value of product, $15,000.
Taint manufactories, 6: men employed, 60;
value of manufactures, $400.0U0.
Plcture-irame manufac. or.es, 10; men and
boys employed, 100; value of manufactures,
$100,000.
Pumps and pumpln^-machlnery manufactories,
7: men employed, 50; value of manufactures,
$175,000
Provision packing-houses, 3: men employed,
: 350; value of product, $1,500,000.
Quartz-mill machinery manufactories. 5; men
employed, 300; value of manufactures, $300,000.
Itolling-mlll, 1: men employed, 350; value of
J manufactures, SGMO.OOO.
Kubber manufactories. 3: men employed, 25;
value of manufactures. $45,000.
Rubber stamp manufac, ories, 7: men and boys
1 employe.!, 35; value of manufactures, $40,000.
bate and vault works, 4: men and boys em
ployed, 20; value of manufactures, $50,000*.
•■■»»■ and planing mills, 10; men and boys em
ployed, 200; value of manufactures, $300,000.
Shirt ' manufactories, 38 ; men, women and boys
employed, 1200: value of manufactures, $700,000 |
>u\\ manufactories. 3: men employed, 60; value
of manufactures. $135,000.
Bash, door and blind factories, 12: men and boys i
employed, 300; value of manufactures, $400,000. i
shipyards. 6; men employed, 500; value of man
ufactures, $1,500,000.
rware manufactories. 4: men employed, 30;
value Of manufactures, $200,000.
sail works, 6; men and boys emDloyed, 60;
value of product. $100,000.
.soap factories, 10; men employed, 75; soap
made annually, 9,000,000 pounds; value of prod
uct. $300,000.
Soda-water manufactories. 7: men employed,
60: value of manufactures. $80,000.
Solder and babbitt works, 3; men employed, 30;
value of manufactures, $75,000.
showcase manufactories, 4: men employed, 15;
value of manufactures, $16,000.
Sugar refinery, 1; men and boys employed, 900;
sugar (raw) used, 282,876,805 pounds; sugar
(white) made, 235,399,133 pounds; sugar (yellow)
made, 13.747.508 pouuds; syrup made, 472.009V 2
gallons; value of manufactures, C9,406.3'J1 31.
Syrup and cordial manufactories, 4; men em
ployed, 30; value of manufactures, $30,000.
Tanneries (hides), 20: men employed, 200; value
Of manufactures, $1,000,000.
Tanneries (sheepskins), 4: men employed, 100;
value of manufactures, 8175,000.
Tinware and tin can factories, 8; men ana boys
employed, 1000; value of manufactures, $1,000,
-000.
Trunk factories, 2; men and Doys employed, 45 • :
value of manufactures, $100,000.
Type foundries, 4; men employed, 100; value of
manufactures, $..0.000.
Tank factories, 2; men employed, 25: value'Of
product, $30,000.
Varnish factories, 5: men employed, 8; value of
manufactures. $50,000.
Veneering factory, 1; men employed, 30; value
\ of pioluct, $5'».0U0.
Vinegar and pickle factories, 9; men and boys
i employed, 90; value of manufactures, $125,000.
White lead factories, 2; meu employed, 50:
! value of product, £250.000.
Windmill manufactories, 3: men employed, 20;
I value of manufactures, $12,000.
Wire and wire-rope manufactory, 1; men em- |
ployed, 100; value of manufactures, $376,000.
Willow and wooden ware factor 2; . men em
ployed, •J5; value of manufactures, $50,000.
Woolen- mill, 1; men, women and boys em
, ployed, 100; value of manufactures, $200,000.
Whip factory, 1: men and women employed, 6 '■
j value of product, $15,000. "
Wood turning and carving factories, 7; men and
women employed, 125: value of product, $100,000. !
Water wheel manufactory. 1; men employed
50; value of manufactures, $250,000.
Women's and children's under* ear factories, 11- ■
women employed, 150: value of product, $125,000.' i
Woo scouring and grading houses, 3; men and
women employed, 300: wool produced, 35.856 690 '
pounds; wool scoured, 18,000.000 pounds; value
Of product, $2,868,560.
' >eais:ootoii manufactory, I; men employed, 5'
value of manufactures, $5000.
ODD FELLOWS' BIRTHDAY.
Yerba Bnena Lodge Will Celebrate This
Evening.
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F.,
will celebrate its forty-third anniversary
this evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The committee having the affair in
charge has arranged an interesting pro
gramme and can promise their guests an
enjoyable evening.
After the entertainment, which will
commence promptly at 8 o'clock, the floor
will be cleared for danring. The pro
gramme will be as follows:
Overture, Yanke's Orchestra; fancy and
Indian tire ciub swinglnK, Louis Hinz, cham
]'i"'.i amateur club-swinger of the Pacific
< toast ; tenor solo, "Could 1 but Bay" (Raeckel)
>. M. Lawrence; recitation, "An Early Start,"
Him Florence Kelly; barytone solo (selected),
li. L. 'larbox; specialties, J. R. Bockman-
Knickerbocker Male Quartet— D. M. Lawrence
first tenor, K. V. BvatM second tenor, D. B.
Crane first bass, L. A. Larsen, second bass;
recitation, J. Lester Gabriel; vocal solo, Mrs.
L. L. Dixoa; cornet solo, Professor L. >'.
Ritzau; Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
The I'lihu City Social Club.
Atthe regular meetingof the Palm City Social
Club, held on Monday, June I' 9, at ihe club
rooms, 514 Kearny street, the following offi
cers were elected: \V. A. Rattenberry, presi
dent; L. B. Levy, vic-president; J. E.Quinn
secretary; A. \V. AlSop, treasurer; H. Viner
sergeant-at-urms; board oi directors C de
Cleer, W. 'jetz, L. Krill, G.Oliver and W. Bweat
man.
r <kkt books. Purses, Card Cases. Bill
Books, Valises, Telescope Baskets, Chatelaines,
Picture Frames, Visiting Lists, Whist Counters^
Music Roils and all other fine leather goods at
popular prices in the Stationery Department
ol fcaubora, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
AT THE OPERA
AND PLAYHOUSE.
Brilliant Opening of the
Tivoli's Grand Opera
Season.
NATALI'S GREAT HIT.
"Americans Abroad" Calls a Fine
Audience to the Cali
fornia.
AT THE OTHER THEATERS.
Meritorious OpeniDg Production of
"A Money Order" at the Grand
Opera-House.
The first performance of the grand opera
season, which opened last night at the
Tivoli, far surpassed all expectations.
The audience was taken by surprise, car-
Mme. Natnli, Who Made a Ilit at the Tivoli Last Mght as Lucia.
ried off its feet, as it were, and showed its
| appreciation by applause that was some
times more demonstrative than timely,
! for nearly every finale was drowned in the
; noise of an applauding multitude. It
seemed as if the crowded house could not
wait until the curtain was down to express
its satisfaction.
Of course grand opera has been essayed
time and again at the Tivoli, but grand
opera chortled by artists of operetta is a
thine to be shunned and avoided by lovers
of lyric art. Last nignt the genuine article
was given, and people first marveled and |
then rejoiced, for they had not expected I
so much. The very limit to which their
hopes had soared was to hear the dear old
"Lucia di Lammermoor'' ground out by
faded, tired artists like the poor Tavary
people.
But there was nothing faded — no trace
of barn-storming about the principals last
night. On the contrary, their voices were
fresh and method excellent, and their act
ing much better than one demands or ex
pects from people in operas as old as !
' "Lucia." And to cap it all, or lather as j
| the fundamental basis of a good deal of
the success, Gnstave Hinricns conducted
an augmented orchestra with sympathetic
skill and care for his singers.
Mme. Louise a tali, as the Lucia, had,
of course, more opportunity than the other ;
vocalists of distinguishing herself, for I
"Lucia" is essentially a prima - donna!
opera.
She quite succeeded in her mission. Dur
! ing the three Lucia acts the admiration
| for her went on increasing in a steadily ,
j growing crescendo till it broke into a per
fect storm of enthusiasm at the end of the
mad scene.
Mme. Natali has & flute-like voice of
good vibrant quality. Her execution is
j charmingly facile, and she has consider
| able coloratura, ail of which qualities go i
! to maKe up a good Lucia. (She entirely
avoided the mistake of trying to make the
1 part declamatory. Indeed, her singing
I was remarkable for its delicacy and finish.
Mme. Natali's acting was intelligent and
effective, and "Lucia" does not give scope |
i for more.
Fernando Michaelena showed such fine
I dramatic qualities, both of vocal and stage
methods, that one longed to hear him in a
! more modern role. His voice is a robust
| tenor, of good compass and quality; he
sang all his part well, shining especially
in the recitations.
Signor Mauriel de Vries, the barytone,
has a warm, round voice, which he uses
| excellently. His acting, like that of the |
new principals, was good, and his make- I
: up was so dark and dreadful that even j
j some Japanese spectators in the gallery
knew Henry Ashton was a villain as soon
;as he appeared. bignor Abramoff is still
j remembered as one of the few effective
j artists in the Tavary Company last winter.
He sang Raymond very effectively last ,
* night, completing a cast of principals :
such as has not been heard in this City for
many a long day.
Between the principals and the compri
raarios there was a great gulf fixed. G.
I Napoleoni did fairly well \&s Norman,
! but poor Arthur Boyce was not up to the
I requirement of the little but important
, part of Buckland, the bridegroom.
In spite of this, however, the sextet was
■ received with demonstrations of delight.
' The chorus was not enough a grand
! chorus to keep pace with the principals,
but although a little light it did good, <
I crisp work. Altogether the performance
was a most remarkable one to be given at
regular Tivoli rates. To-night "Lucia" \
will be repeated.
The Grand Opera-House.
Deep, dark villainy and its crushing defeat
give the keynote to "A Money Order." Jule i
! Walters' new play, which filled the opera- !
j house last night. Walters, as the hero, gives a i
i strange and rather confusing view ot a charac- j
i ter in which the tramp and the gentleman '
I appear to dispute for the mastery with the j
1 odds In favor of the latter. lie is persecuted,
i spied upon, calumniated; and in general
i
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
abused after a Tearful fashion, but in the end
wealth, fame and fortune shower their gifts
upon him.
Miss Leigh, for the first time during her en
gagement, tnkes the part of a thorough-going
teminlne villain, and as Blanche Knnball, the
ndventurtiss, scored a great hit lost night.
This delectable character, it seems, is the
proud possessor of several husbands, whom
she manages to tangle up in a dreadful way.
Her schemes at last come to grief, but they
take a long time doing so, and when the final
expose takes place the husband? form them
selves into a society tor mutual admiration
and condolence, which, perhaps, is very pa
tbeUc, but seems just a little funny.
Leslie Morosco, Eugene Moore, Daisy Gro
can, Josephine Uassmanu anci Messrs. Hatch
and Butler do their share in rendering the
play of absorbing interest, but there Is a man
in the cast whose voice has an uncanny
squeak. The scenic effects arc most artistic, a
midnight view of the madhouse in which the
gentleman train is confined giving oppor-
U1 ""y f»r some line transparency work.
This afternoon an extra holiday matinee per
formauce will be given.
"American** Abroad." •
"Americans Abroad" is a strong dramatic
presentation of Sardou's play, adapted by
Abby Sage Kichaidson for the American and
English stage, and is bidding fair to call good
audiences at the California. For one good
point there is a plot to the play, which is more
than can be said for some productions that
have grieved the public, even on the Califor
nia's boards. And then the acting is really
good, which is not always the case.
The story deals with the adventures of a
wealthy American and his daughter and a yet
wealthier ward. In Europe the trio find them
selves besieged by adventurers of all sorts and
of both sexes, all thirsting for the American
millions. This state of things ho disgusts the
rich ward that she prevails upon her uncle
and cousin to join her in feigning a sudden
reduction to poverty in order to rind out who
their real friends are. The plan works ad
mirably, though its windings are many, and,
us she ought, the heiress gets a man who loves
her lor herself and knows naught of her riches.
Mrs. Vandenhorlaiid Mi. tttockwell do tho
best work. The first named as the Baroness
de Beaumont, whom the Knglish butler per
sists in addressing as "Madame de la Bar
oness," gives a finished picture of the polished
female schemer and society speculator. Her
1 keen scent for money and her final discom
fitnre are portrayed In the most artistic man
ner—so much so that one cordially hates her
from the very first.
Mr. Etockwell as the rich American. Rtchard
Fairbanks, has a chance to do gome very pretty
worK, his takin&-do\vn of the artful baroness
being- a veritable triumph of fine acting— but
everybody knows Stockwellcan act; the won
der would be if he did not come to time. ,
Miss Oliver us the ward and Miss Eflie Shan
non as Fairbanks' daughter are both deserving
of mention, particularly Miss Shannon, while
among the men Mr. Kelcey as Landolphe
seems to snare the honors with Mr. Stockwell.
The other characters are for the most part
passaDly sustained, and the staging is excel
lent.
The Columbia.
The Frawley Company at the Columbia last
night sent away a satisfied house. As a com
j.uny, in "London Assurance' 1 they did all that
the late lamented Dion Boucicault could have
desired.
There was but one break, and the young lady
making it no doubt will be the greatest suf
ferer. Miss Maxine Elliott as Lady Gay
Spanker, believing her husband, Dolly
P^auker, nad been shot to death, rushed out
ot the room uud tripped and felL She turned
! in time, however, to save being disfigured, and
! in a sealed position instead of standing she
j gnoke her lines and never told how she was
suffering. It was heroic.
Miss Elliott, it may be mentioned, was a per
fect equestrienne, her black or rather dark
blue habit umklng the hit of the evening's cos
tume!), but the certainly appeared to disadvun
j taee in the lighter ones.
j The rnle of Charles Courtley was to be played
by T. D. Frawlpy, but he was called to "the
I Eust, and Charles Wyngate assumed the role ■
J at forty-eight hours' notice. Mr. Frawley was
not missed, as Mr. Wyngate was most accept- |
able. The other characters were all good.
At the Orpheum.
As usual, the Orpheum was crowded last
evening. The prograrr.me gone through last
week was repeated with the addition of as
clever and refinea a turn as one would care to
see and hear. It is the Collins and Collins
couple in a warbllne, dancing and eccentric
duo. The Jackley Roston Troupe, the head of
which did some marvelous "monkey" rope
climbing, was the other new attraction.
The Casino.
The novelty of a performance every after
noon and evening of the week Is drawing well
| at the Casino, in the Haight-street grounds.
Yesterday afternoon and evening there were
large audiences to listen to the wonderful
voice of Black Patti in selections and the mu
sic of the Russian orchestra: to see the won
derful performance of the Aragon family in
their trapeze work, and see the extraordinary
performance oi Professor Macart's monkey
and <log comedians. There will be fine per
formances to-<lay on account of tht 31oat cele
bration.
Mrtnliiiioiigh Theater.
Announcement Is made that Messrs. Fried
lander, Gottlob <fc Co. will inaugurate their
management of the Mecdonough Theater this
evening with an elaborate presentation of
"Christopher Junior," to be followed on the
two succeeding nights by "The Squire of
Dames." Mr. Drew and his company antici
pate a great success in Oakland, and the inte
rior of the theater has been redecorated
throughout for the event.
A RECKLESS CELEBRATOR
A. Anderson, for Firing Bullets Out of
a Revolver, Gets Six Months
in Jail.
A. Anderson, a young man without any
occupation, amused himself on the Fourth
by faring bullets out of a revolver at
Kearny and Pacific streets. He was ar
re-ted by Policeman Moran and charged
with disturbing the peace and vagrancy.
He appeared before Judge Campbell yes
terday morning, and was convicted. The
Judge, in sentencing him to six months in
the County Jail for disturbing the peace
and for vagrancy, sahi he did not object to
any one tiring blank cartridges out of a
pistol, but he regretted that he could not
i;i'!ici a heavier sentence upon a man who
would endangerthe lives of people by reck
lessly firing leaden bullets.
— » #■ — •
It takes the ash of 100 cigars to make one
ounce of cigar ash.
HIS BRUTAL ASSULT.
Mysterious Billy Smith Knocks
Gallagher Out by Foul
Means.
The Oakland Pugilist Was in Young
Mitchell's Saloon When Sui
denly Attacked.
Billy Smith, "the Mysterious," and
Billy Gallagher, the slugger, are at
swords-point. Last Sunday afternoon
some trouble-maker quietly intimated to
"The Mysterious" that Slugger Billy was
looking for his scalp and would fight on
sight. Smith waxed angry and responded
quickly tliat he would put Gallagher to
sleep the moment he had a chance to land
his big bunch of fives on the slugger's jaw.
Gallagher was also approached by some
practical joker, who informed him that
Smith was on the warpath and would
punch his face until it resembled mince
meat.
Callcgher was wild and excited and did
I not hesitate to say that Smith wa3 the
next man he would put to sleep.
The result of the scheme to get the two
"firecrackers" exploded bore fruit. Gal
lagher loaded up with beer and started off
!on the warpath in quest of Smith. "The
Mysterious donned warpaint and went
! forth with one object in view, and that
j was to meet his enemy and lick him at
j any cost.
Early Monday morninp the sluc^er and
\ "the Mysterious" met h. Younc Mitchell's
• saloon. The proprietor had already taken
his departure for home, and when the two
scrappers met there were only one or two
people in the sporting resort.
Gallagher, who was lirst on deck, was
chatting to a friend when Hmith put in an
appearance. The Oakland BJugeei was
: unaware of Smith's presence until he re
ceived a smash in the neck which was
quickly followed by a swinging right on
j the jaw. Gallagher fell a completely
i knocked-out man, and while in a pros
: trate and comatose condition Smith
■ started in to kick Gallagher's brains out
jby brisk foot work. The spectators inter
i rupted the proceedings by compelling
Smith to stand aside "until Gallagher re
covered his equilibrium.
The moment Oakland Billy regained his
pins Smith jumped at him like a bulldog
and immediately essayed to chew off a
piece of his opponents'ear and Gallagher,
endeavoring to release the hold that Smith
had taken of his ear, sunk the linger nails
of his left hand into Smith's nose. Once
again the sloggers were separated and
thrown forcibly from the saloon to tne
sidewalk. GallaKi'er was the least excited
of the two and challenged Smith to ride j
with hiii in a hack to the Cliff, where they
could settle their dilliculties under any
conditions that would be favorable to "the
Mysterious." The latter refused to go and
when the prospects for an outdoor settle
ment looked glum Gallagher's friends es
corted him to a resort, where his bloody
ear was treated by a physician.
The Oakland welter-weight champion
will not rest satisfied until he has an op
portunity to prove to Smith that he
(Smith) ia i not the only man living who
can do a little rouph-and-tumbie fighting.
GENERAL WARFIELD WINS.
An Important Opinion Relating to the
State Troops Commander.
It is rumored in military circles that
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has rendered
a decision favorable to Brigadier-General
Wartield and against Brigadier-General
Muller. After the death of Major-General
Dimond, General Muller assumed com
mand of the State troops, claiming it as
bis right under his commission dated Oc
tober, 1895. General Wartield, supported
by the local troops, disputed the other's
claim, and it was deckled to submit the
matter to the Attorney-General.
The latter'? opinion has been forwarded
to Adjutant-General Barrett, but as he is
out of the State, the exact nature and text
of the decision is not learned, but rumor
has it that it is favorable to General War
field's claims.
The otter is the favorite animal pet
among the Chinese.
KEW TO-DAT. 1
f THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
JUST FOR THE ASKING. .
Our New 100-Page Price List
JUST OUT.
ITS UP TO DATE.
Contains Cut Prices on all
kinds Drugs, Patent Medi-
cines, Toilet Articles, Truss-
es, Shoulder Braces, Rubber
Goods, Batteries, etc.,
MAILED FREE"
On application.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
- Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 Sonth Spring St., los Angeles.
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNER^
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at, such wharves
In nils city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioner*
propose to iTt-ct, on lh<> seawall, between Howard
I anil Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
will be informed at the above office, at tne time of
making such applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given in &11 cases, and applications
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
toe hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p. if. daily, Sundays and
- holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic i 4§^gi*\
Trains leave and arrive a: PR^^WSkM^JW
Market-Street Ferry. ( fcj»BEgr^]3awrBßgf
Sim FE EXPRESS. W^MtS
To Chicago via A. & r . \|^lgflEg£?UTgl
Leaves every day at 5 P. m., c^rr..nij Pullman
PAlace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up-
j holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
| and bedding and in charge of a porter, run daily
I through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
! for Denver and St. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
I Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
! Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The beat railway from California to the East.
] New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery:
I and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Offlce-644 -Market Street,
, .Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531.
- NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS. __^._ -.-^^— - —
|(>O*<>O«<>O«IIIIKSIIIS>OO<>O©<>OO0(
STOCK!
A j The greatest crowds, the biggest X
§ bargains, the best satisfied throngs of §
jiii customers San Francisco has ever seen. E|
|| We tried to close the doors to prevent E
|§ the jam ; couldn't; were afraid of crush- £Z
£2 ing humanity. Will you be with us p
eg to=day ? You bet you will ! New, sea= p
§ sonable dry goods at 57£ c on the $1.00 &
jolj of their wholesale cost aren't picked up p
ip! every day. fe:
O Every item that we advertised on 5
¥ Sunday not closed out on Monday will *£
a hold good in price to=day. We have A
h re=enforced our bankrupt batteries and 4
X will give a continuous shower of bar- X
X gains. Wash Goods, the latest designs ; X
y the finest Dimities, Organdies and O
y Swisses at 57ic on the $1.00 of whole- V %
X sale cost. The first thing you do when A
y you enter the store go downstairs to *}
V the Wash Goods Departments. Next S
X visit the Cloak and Suits, then the A
y Dress Goods — you'll make more money O
X in 3o minutes than you ever did in *£
X your life. . A
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
■OtTHKRS PACIFIC COMPANT.
iMomo .■.v.M nc, »
Train* lent nnil arc iluo to arrive u« |
NAN l'lt\N(l!>(O.
[.save — From Jctke 7. 189 C. — Ar.mvß
*6:OOa Niles. San Josa and Way SUtions... M:«a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ug.len aud Hast.. S-4.1p
7:00 a Bcnlcia. Vacaville, Kumssy. Sacra*
mento, Orovlllo and Redding via
DaTia •:4Sr !
7:ao.v Martinez, San Ramon, Nap*, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15r .
■ i3Oa Kites, Bail Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Maryarillo and Hoc
Ulull 4sisr
•»:30a Peters and Miltou «7:15p
•i<M»a Los Angeles Ei press, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I.on Angeles 4:43p
SiOO a. Martinez and Stockton 11:4.1 a
O:OOa. VaUajo O:15r
I jOOp Klles, San Jo«e and Lirerniore S:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »0:O0p i
fliSOr Port Costa and Way Stations t7:4a>p '
4:00 - Martinez, San itamoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, El Verano uud
Santa Uosa 0:13 a \
«i«Op Benicis, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marys Till&,
Oroville and Sacramento 19:13 a
4:3«p Nilcs, San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7i1.1p i
4:3*p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yo?emitc) and Fresno 11 ;43u
3:00 r New Orleans Impress, Fresno. Baier*.
<ield, Santa lUrbara.Lr.s Augeleg; '
Iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans ana
Sast 10:15 a
si6op Santa Fe l'oute, Atlantic Kxpress
forMojare ami Ha5t...... IC:IS*
5:OOp Vallejo / 11:43 a ,
B:OUi> European Mall, Ogilen and Hast.... O:lr»*
O:«Oi- Haywards, Nilcs and San Jose 7:4.1* |
t7:oUi> Vallejo f7:45p
7:UOr Oregon Mxpres?, Hacraincnto, Marys-
\ille. ltetldlng, IVirtliintl, l'uget
Hihiiiil and ICast 1O:4»a !
SAM V fltllZ IHV^:o.\ (Narrow (Jaiißei.
{7:45 a Santi Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ...... } S:»s r
8:1 5a Newark, Cen tpr»ille,Saii Jose, Felton,
Itoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SsSOr i
•»jlsp Newark. CeMttrTille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Uanta Cruz and Principal Way
.Stations '11:20*
f4il!tr Newark. San Jose and Los <!atos «T9:sOa
COAST IU VISION (Iliinl .V lomisenil tits.) ~
*tf:43A Sau Jose ami Way Stations (Hew
Almaden Wednesdays only) , 9:47 a
t7:3® a Sunday Excursion for San Josa,
' Santa Cruz. Pacific GroTe, ana
Principal Way Stations |»x33p
■:1»A San Jusu, Tres Piuos, Santa Curt,
Racine Grove, Paso Roblos, Sais .
J.nls Ul'ispo, Guadalupe and rrin-
I Tipal Way SUtinos 7:03 r
10:47 a Palo Alto and Way SUtions fl:3Op
Io:1Oa Sau mid Wny Staiions .1:OOr
Il:3Ua Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park. San Joe*
Gilroy, Tre« Pinos, Santa Cms,
6alinas,MontFreyanil PaciiicGroTe *IQ:4Oa |
•3::t(lp San Jose, Pacilio Grove and Way
Stations # 1:30p
•4i3or San Jose and Way Stations »»:oOa j
S:3op Sau Jose »od Principal Way Stations *B:4*a
O::iOi- San Jose an.l Way Statious 6::is\
ll:4.~»i- San .logf and Way Stations +7:4.~ M -
?!iA.\ LKAMHW AM) HAYWAKi>S LOCAL.
»'*C:ooa 1 . ~ ~~? 7: IB a
»:OOa I t»:45.-.
iS:S2a Mclrose, Se Mhwry Park, JVlist
S ";S2p Fitehbiirg, Sa» Leaadr« »f:*gr
%Toi ■ » d -i t£*\
•Sg Hsrwsr*.. *i|j
7:«>Op h H:ir, r
•i-!)«p «' Runs through to Niles. 1 i«:1n 1
■tlloSpJ t From Niles. ■ j rtl^i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
»rom SAN F.IISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9.00 11:00*. U. U:00 •2-QO tl-rr
•i:O3 JC:O3 •6:00 p.m. -■ .
'rota OAKLAND— Foot of Broad rar. — "C-00 «-or
10:00 a.m. U2:CO »l:03 48:00 *3:00 11 : CC •
»3:Q3r.«. - : '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
• -..n.lars excepted. . t Saturdays only
.., .""' ™ I Sundays only.
I 1 Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only
,5 ■>..' ir by i er\\ Hm^ayi for Santa Cruz.
IRON BEDS,"
mj. , ■'| mm brass BEDS.
'"* ~-~~ f FOLDING BED3 1
"Wire and Hair Ma;-
-1 tresses, Ke cl i n i n ;
in..., , ■ ■ Chairs, Wheel Chair*.
TT 1 ' Commodes, Es^t iieiij
J L < fjlfflllf w * A. SCHROCK,
E±-3-L — 2i —
_ ~^*yi N^iv Muiilgomorr
W , . •*• i . . St., under i.r.iuu
Hotel, S. t\
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
BIG REDUCTION I\ RATES BY RAIL
— _XO— —
TUESDAY JULY 7
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter. '
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. K.
0 C fl fl~ Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
-oOi U U Ist Sleeper.
ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in ©"I/VOO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. <Jp 1U
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets
be soid or baggage checked to such points.
«3T Through Tickets for Fuget Sound
Points on Sale at reduced i.ates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STRKisT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. 11. GOODMAN*
Gen. Traffic Aigr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SM FRANCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a if- 12-»«
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. v. Thuredays-Ektrairh.
Jn"i : i - O 30-p 'u Saturd *> rB Kltra trips at IVsS
BU^^oo^~o 7 p^ 9:30 ' 11:0 ° *•>«•; 1:30, 3:3 a
o:(X). ofJO p. v.
ban Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a «■
12:45. 340, 5:10 P. v. Saturdays-Fxtra'fr '
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. v * tnp *
B ™6 D oo^s 7 p 35 9:3J> U:ls A - *•= 1:40 ' =**
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park aarna
schedule as above. ™™
Da"* S: i I'esSion. Sitn- W^T
jjArs. days. ; i n.ws. Days.
7:30 am 7:30 aml Novato, ' 10*40 am 5-j.ii »w
3:30 ™ 9:30 am Petalum'a, | 6!u5 pm 10 Si*
6 : 10 pm : 6 :00 pm , Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm| 6; 16 pic
_ _ ' Fulton, " • • ""
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur?,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm ■ 7 .30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:19 nt
!;So > d 7.30 A M *&* 7: oPKfegp;
7:30 am ! ~ j ! ~ ' " loin.J
7:30 am GuernevlUe. 7:30 pm uiUAlf
3:30 ru ! J__ 6:15 PX
7:30 am 1 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm I 6:15 pic
sgosisisigi SEbastopot. liisssrsalsj
1 Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
springs; at Geyservllle for Sfcas?*3 Hprlnej: at
Uoyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
springs, Kelaeyvllle, Soda Bay and i.akepor:; at
iiopland for I.akeport and Bartiett Springs; at
l. Klah (or Vichy Springs, .Saratoga Springs,- Bluo
Ijakps, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late. Homo, Potter
\ alley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell Satihedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonevill«
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
>ort Brajrg, \V»s;port. Usal, Willets, Cahto. C»-
Te!o, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Knrelca.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduo»4
r&tt-i.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all poinu h*.
jrond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle bulldlnt
H.C.WHITIXG. R. X . RYAN "
Sen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. •
50RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
_, „ (Ala Sausalito Ferry).
From San trancisco, cn-nmenclnj June 15, 189 a.
i """■•■ " WESKDAYS. .
F % c> i , an^ an i^«e»-7:0O. »BrOO
?a"iBsj&3i2& A - M - : :15 - 3:20, 4:s
*«»•
_ SINDAYS.
F S«?JS ,V* lley * ad San Rafael-«S:00. n
lilob a. m. vp ' M - £s i l " i > to SausalitiJai
Trains marked •run to' San Qnentin. •«1 2 so
P. m. does not run to Mill Valley ■ *■*•<*
*•„,. x, . THKOCUII TRAINS.'
BatSrrfi« n n Kejres ana way stations~B:oo am.
£J S y V' 9^" *• Sundays; 5:15 p/st. we*kdt'v?"
B-oSa Z U i Reyes Cn-adero and- wav sutioai—
t-00A..M,_hunaay9; .ia*Jb.*ovsfil£<UTv>COLORED DRESS GOODS!
A GENUINE SACRIFICE.
-A-t 1O CoXLtS.
250 pieces 36- INCH FANCY WOOL SUITINGS, former price 25c, marked down to
10c a yard.
.A.* as Cents.
500 pieces 06- INCH IMPORTED NOVELTY SUITINGS, former price 50c, marked
down to 25c a yard.
jA-t 25 Cents.
350 pieces 40-INCH PUKE MOHAIR SUITINGS, former prico 60c, marked down to
25c a yard.
-A.t 23 Cents.
110 pieces 38-INCH GENUINE SCOTCH SUITINGS, very effective, former price 65c,
marked down to 25c a yard.
.A-t SO Cents.
60 pieces 50-INCH KEDFERN MIXTURES, in a great variety of colorings, marked
down from $1 25 to 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
-£L* 2O Oonts.
Two cases 33-INCH EXTRA HEAVY AIL-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR, former pnee
50c, will be closed out at 20c a yard.
.A.t 25 Cents.
Two cases 87-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACA, former price 50c, will be closed
out at 25c a yard.
At 23 Cents.
Two cases 37-INCH ALL PURE WOOL IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES, former
price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a yard.
.A.t 33 Cents.
Two cases 3S-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs, former
price 60c, will be closed out at 35c a yard. " °
-A-t SO Cents.
Three cases 44-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH AND GERMAN JACQUARDS.
in a variety of new and elegant designs, former prices 75c and Ssc, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
.A.t 33 Cents.
1300 yards ENGLISH SILK POPLIN, in a good variety of colors, suitable for fancy
waists and evening dresses, former price $1, will be closed out at 35c a yard.
-A.t 23 Cents.
050 yards FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA, former price 75c. will be closed out at 25c a
yard.
-A_t 75 Cents.
730 yards BLACK BROCADED MERVELLIEUX, all pure silk, elegant soft fini sh
extra heavy quality, former price $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a yard. '
-A.t "75 Cents.
400 yards BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, 22 inches wide, all pure silk, extra heavy
former price $1 25, will be closed out at 75c a yard. * '
l/ij Murphy Building, / wlf Murphy Building, f
Marlet and Jones Streets. Met ai Jones 'Streets.
LILLIAN ASHLEY
RESTS HER CASE.
The Suit Against "Lucky"
Baldwin Ended Last
Night.
A CLOUD OF DETECTIVES
Wealth of the Defendant in
Ranches, Mines, Houses
and Horses.
ONE LONE MORTGAGED FAEM.
Day Set for Argument and Decision.
Crittenden's Vain Appeal
for Unruh.
The last day of the Ashley-Baldwin case
closed yesterday evening and Judge Slack
set the time for argument August 20. At
the opening of the morning session Henry
Unruh paid his $100 fine for his share of
the pistol episode of last Thursday, but
Attorney Crittenden again gave notice
that he would appeal his part of the affair
to the Supreme Court. Mr. Crittenden,
however, made a generous appeal for the
remission of Unruh's fine, stating that he
•was satisfied that there was no intention
on the part of that gentleman to use the
•weapon which he had just wrested from
Emma Ashley.
Judge Slack replied that he saw no rea
son to change his ruling, notwithstanding
the lawyer's generous request. He blamed
the attorney for carrying a loaded revolver
into court, not for attempting to draw it,
as Unruh was certainly standing and
nourishing the woman's pistol in a threat
ening manner.
Attorney R. H. Lioyd stated in turn
that when Crittenden saw Un-ruh with the
weapon in his hand he started to draw his
own weapon, saying. "I am attacked!'
but immediately dropped the weapon back
in his pocket when told that he was mis
taken.
Judge Slack granted Crittenden an ex
tension of time till next Wednesday in
which to take out a writ of habeas corpus
and secure bondsmen, pending his appeal
from the order of the court.
Then Lillian Ashley was recalled to the i
Ptand. The plaintiff of the celebrated be- j
trayal case looked worn and weary, and
v ■!<• Buffeting from a severe cough. The
distressing events of th« last few days I
have told upon her notwithstanding her
heroic efforts to tight on to the last-
She was again confronted with the pho
tograph upon which she was beine exam
ined when her sister Emma interrupted I
'lie questioning with her revolver last
1 hursday morning. Miss Lillian did not
recognize the picture as of herself and did >
Jiot believe that it was her own.
"Miss Ashley," asked Highton, "is j
t-iere any one on earth whom this picture
represents, and can you recall anybody
v.Mom this picture resembles?"
The question was stricken out as being
improper, the witness not being sufficiently
acquainted with the earth's teeming mil
lions to give expert testimony on the sub
ject.
At the request of Crittenden both
Highton and Uoyd were subjected to the
witness-stand and were asked if they had
permitted the plaintiff's counsel access to
all papers and photographs bearing on the
case. They answered in the affirmative.
In the afternoon E. J. Baldwin was I
j placed on the stand and asked regarding i
the extent of his wealth. The defendant
! displayed a wealth of ignorance on the
I subject that was discouraging to the ques
tioner.
"How much wine have you at Santa j
Anita?' asked Crittenden.
•'I don't know," was the answer of the
alleged father of "Baby Beatrice."
"How many acres of oranges?"
"I don't know."
"How many acres are there in the Santa
J Anita ranch?"
"I don't know."
"How many acres have you sold from
• it?"
"I don't Know."
"What is that land worth?"
"I don't know whether it is worth, any- ;
thing or not."
"What is your land worth at the least ;
figures?"
"About $80 per acre."
"Have you not asked $350 per acre for I
some of it?"
"No, sir."
Tiie witness stated that he owned 8000
acres of ttie Santa Anita ranch, 700 of the
San Franc lsquita ranch, 3500 in Poirero ;
Grande, 17,000 in the Puenta, a lot in Los j
Angeles with several buildings on it, j
! about 2500 acre« in San Bernardino j
County, about 2000 acres in Monterey i
; County with a summer resort hotel on it,
several rich mines, the BalJwin Hotel and j
other property in San Francisco, and ice, i
gas and water stock.
"Have you any racehorses, Mr. Bald
win? "
"Yes."
"How many in California?"
"1 don't know."
"How many East?"
"About twenty-eight, if some of them
: are not sold."
"What is their value?"
"Don't know."
"About $lu, oo0 apiece?"
"No; neither you nor anybody else can
• put a value on them."
"Have you any other property?"
"1 have some land in Indiana— about 160
acres— but it's mortgaged for all it's i
worth."
And the unfortunate mortgagee bowed
himself under the burden of his poverty.
N. C. Carter in rebuttal swore that E. '
J. Baldwin had ridden horseback but once
in ten years and consequently could not
have passed his time galloping over the '
green slopes of Santa Anita with the
equestrienne Lillian. Neither did the de
fendant with the plaintiff ever inhabit the i
"cottage," Mr. Carter was quite gure.
A. E. Lucas, one of the millionaire's
corps of local detectives, with a piratical !
whisker, told from the stand how A. H. i
Anderson, one of the plaintiff's witnesses, I
had sworn to "get even" with Lucky Bald- i
win.
L,uca.«, under instructions from Unruh j
and Baldwin, had sent another detective i
down to Pasadena to entrap Lillian Ash-
Jey into damaging disclosures.
Mrs. Mamie Belle Kelly, in rebuttal,
swore that she also heard Anderson say j
he would '-get even" with Baldwin. She!
had parted in anger from Anderson, and
she didn't like him now. She formerly i i
lived with him as his adopted niece, and j
he supported her, she said. She came and ; '
testified at the request of Lucas, and was : '
also a detective.
Emmanuel Barns was another detective
in the pay of the defendant, and told of
His services. But t:;e chief detective of all
was Mr. Wood of Boston, who reluctantly j
admitted on the stand that his iormer ! \
testimony regarding two lady visitors to i
Slifl i.ilioe was not quite correct.
"What do you get for your services, Mr.
WoOl?" a*fced Crittenden. 1
"My contract calls for sixty days' work I t
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
Having- successfully completed the closing out of our vast overstock,
Iwe now begin OUR REGULAR JULY BARGAIN SALE, the mere announce- I
ment of which would be sufficient to crowd our mammoth salesrooms with
I those who, from past experience, are fully aware of the MARVELOUS!
VALUES offered, but when this announcement is backed up by the'
appended STARTLING REDUCTIONS it cannot fail to create A STILL
GREATER SENSATION, as proportionately DEEP CUTS IN PRICES have
been made throughout every branch of our SPRING AND SUMMER
STOCK, and represent
THE GREATEST SACRIFICE EVER KNOWN TO THE DRY GOODS TRADE.
I LADIES' KID GLOVES!
At 35 Cents.
I LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
every pair guaranteed worth $1, will
closed out at 35c a pair.
At 65 Cents.
1700 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium tan shades, also
black, regular value $1, will be closed
out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
! 1500 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES,
large buttons, in tan, brown and slate
shades, also black, ronular value $1 25,
wil: be offered at 75c a pair.
At 95 Cent-;.
I 1000 pa;rs two-clasp PIQUE KID GLOVES
(embroidered back) in tan, brown,
red and opera shades, also black, regu-
lar value $1 50, will be closed out at
95c a pair.
BLACK MTLACES ! !
At 10 Cents a Yard.
I BLACK CHANTILLY LACE, all silk, 4
inches wide: BLACK BOURDON
LACE, 4 inches wide; BLACK NET
TOP BOURDON LACE, 4 inches wide, !
regular price 20c and 25c, will be closed |
out at 10c per yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
BLACK CHANIILLY LACE, all silk, 51/
inches wide; BLACK SILK BOUR-
DON LACE, 5U inches wide; BLACK
NET IOP BOURDON LACE, 5%
inches wide, regular price 30c and 35c,
will be closed out at isc per yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
! BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACE,
BLACK SILK BOURDON LACE, |
BLACK NET TOP BOURDON LACE, !
band 7 inches wide, regular price s^r,
60c and Goc, will be closed out at 25c
per yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
j BLACK SILK APPLIQUE LACE, em- |
broidered in but'er shade, 5, 6 and 7 !
inches wide, regular price 50c, 65c and \
75c, will be closed out at 250 per yard.
\£if Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Streets.
at $8 per diem," answered the witness.
"My men get $3 per day."
"Do you expect to get paid extra if you
are absent from classical Boston a longer
period?' 1
"Most certainly, sir."
E. J. Baldwin was placed on the stand
in sur-rebultal and stated that he never
rode horseback around iho Santa Anita.
Oiice he rode a mule, but it was not in
company with the fair Lillian. He never
made love in a cottage with her— in his
own or in any other cottage. He never
told Anderson that she accused him of
being the cause of her trouble and that she
had good grounds for the complaint. An
dersen never told him that he had been in
so many of these scrapes that he should
have better sense and ought to carry a re
ceipt book and be business like.
"Mr. Baldwin, what ctmrch do you be
long to?" asked Crittenden.
Question objected to by Highton.
"Wnat church do you attend, Mr
Baldwin?'
Question objected to by Lloyd.
"What is your religious belief, Mr. Bald
win?"
Question objected to by both Lloyd and ;
Highton.
"Mr. Baldwin, do you respect the sanc
tity of an oath?"
That question was not allowed and the
trial came to an end.
The plaintiff's counsel desired a continu
ance for the purpose of procuring some j
medical expert testimony, and the defense
Wanted several depositions from the East.
Judge Slack, however, stilted that ample
time had been given both sides and no
more delay would be granted.
After some discussion it was decided to
hear argument in the case August 20 and
court adjourned.
WILL INVESTIGATE.
The Federation of Women Consider*
Several Cages of Distress.
At the meeting of the Federation of
Women yesterday afternoon Miss Eva F.
Bates, the president, stated the case of
Mrs. Lang ol 917 Lombard street, who,
she said, appeared to her to be a clean
respectable woman, without the taste for
strong drink with which she has been ac
credited. Miss Bates denied that the
woman's home was bare of furniture, as
was stated in a morning paper.
"Frank Kane took Mrs. Lang's children
away as she was preparing supper one
evening. The case comes ui> on Wednes
day. Shall we take action ?' '
Several of the ladies present expressed
disapproval at the idea of it being possible
to enter a home and take children in an
arbitrary way from a parent.
Il was resolved to attend the trial and
collect testimony from the woman's neigh
bors as to her fitness to care for her chil
dren. Mrs. J. M. Woodman, a Vermont
lady, begged the members of the feder
ation to interest themselves in the Asulev
sisters. She said that during the famous
trial they had been living in a tiny room
on insufficient food with a sick child on
their hands, and that not a particle of
meat hail crossed their doors fur days.
Both Lillian and Emma she declared to be
simple eirls, not overburdened witli
braius, and she said that misery and pri
vation had had much to do with Lillian's
rash act. The case of the sisters was re
lerred to the relief committee with in
structions to visit them.
Old Dutch, Japanese Gray, English and
Antique Oaks, Mat Gilts and Green and Golds
are the new finishes used on picture frame
moldings at Sauborn & Vails. They no!
only have all tne new colors, but all the new
shapes mid noveliU-s that have come out in
moldings this year and at prices much less
than usually asked. *
Jacob Davidson's Will.
Judge Slack yesterday admitted the will of
Jacob Davidson to probate. David Davidson
.vaa appointed administrator of the estate
ivhlch 1b worth .f-4.000.
•—• — ♦ — »
An infant weighing seven pounds at
jirth will weigh seven and a half on the i
enth day and eleven on the thirtieth.
WAISTS ANDJNDERWEAR!
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, of fancy
stripes and figures, extra full sleeves,
Stanley braid, regular price $1, will be
closed out at 50c
At 60 Cents.
LADIF.S- MUSLIN GOWNS, full sleeves,
yoke finished with insertion of fine
em broidery, special value,will be closed
out at 60c.
At 50 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISE, sqnare
yoke of line embroidery, extra value
for 75c, will be closed out at 50c.
GIBBONS AND_ PARASOLS!
At 20 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3 inches
wide, all silk, will be closed out at 20c.
At 25 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3^ inches
wide, all silk, assorted colois, will be
closed out at 25c.
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gloria silk,
lined, will be closed out at $L
NEW DRESSJRIMMINGS !
Wo have received n large and beautiful
ussonmentof JET BEAD and COLORED
BEAD and SPANGLE YOKES, with and
without epaulettes, which we will place on
sale to-morrow at fully 50 per cent less
than regular price.
We will al<(> show a new arrival of
COLORED SPANGLE TRIMMINGS, In
all widths, at very low prices.
Met and Jones Streets.
FURNITURE THROWN
INTO THE STREET
Highhanded Proceeding of
Auctioneer John W.
Flinn.
HE WILL NOW BE SUED
The House Where Millionaire
Bell Died Denuded of
Its Chattels.
BURGLARY MAY BE CHARGED
Mrs. £ P. Ferry, the Lard ady, and
One of the Lodgers Obtain
Search Warrants.
The house 1107 J3ush street, made famous
j from the fact that Millionaire Thomas
Bell, while living there, fell downstairs
and was fatally injured, and that his son
Fred nearly mot with a similar fate from
the tame cause there, has again come into
prominence.
The house was occupied aa a lodging
house by Mrs. Evelyn P. Ferry. Since
the accident to ycung Bell all the lodgers
had left with the exception of Bell and
Theodore Ky tka, a newspaper artist.
Thursday afternoon John \V. Flinn,
auctioneer, 321 Sutter street, accompanied
by about a dozen men, went to the house
and threw all the furniture and other
effects in the sixteen rooms into the street
and carted the goods off on wagons to
Flinn's auction rooms. Among the effects
taken away was about $.500 worth of pho
tographic and engraving apparatus and
furniture belonging to Kytka, a portion
of wnich was returned that night.
Yesterday alternoon Kytka and Mrs.
Ferry obtained search warrants in Judge
Campbell*! court, and Captain Wittman
placed an ofticer in charge of the furniture
and effects in Flinn's rooms till they can
be removed to-day.
In speaking of Flinn's action Mrs.
Ferry said: "The furniture in the house
was worth $6000. I borrowed $1000 on it
from one Jacobson several months ago.
Th«; mortgage had four months yet to
run. I have been paying the interest reg
ularly every month, but last month I was
a day or two behind time.
"Flinn came to the house on Thursday j
afternoon. He said that Jacobson had j
transferred the mortgage to him and he i
wanted to know if 1 was ready to pay it '
off. I told him it had some months to !
run, but 1 would pay the interest. He
sui-.i : ■ the interest, 1 want the princi
pal,' and then he lifted up the window
and called out to a man, 'Come here, dep
uty, uint seize the furniture.' With that
he lifted up a valuable chair and threw it
out of the window into the btreet.
"Then a man opened the front door I
with a skeleton key and he and several
other men came in. They threw the fur
niture and otner effects into the street,
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
NECKWEAR.
At 25 Cents.
520 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' ALL-
SILK TECK FOUR -IN - HAND
SCARFS, adjustable Bows and Club-
house Ties, in the very latest style and
coloring*, regularly sold at 75c and
50c, will be closed out at 25c.
BOYS' WAISTS AND BLOUSES.
At 35 Cents.
360 dozen FANCY PERCALE FAUNTLE-
ROY BLOUSES AND STRIPED
LINEN DUCK PLEATED WAISTS,-
with lanyard and whistle attached,
usually sold at &jc, will be closed out !
at 35c each.
MEN'S COTTON HALF HOSE.
At 12 Cents.
120 dozen SUPERIOR QUALITY FULL
FINISHED COTTON SOCKS, in mode
shades, tan and black, regular price
25c a pair, will be closed out at 12>^c.
At 75 Cents.
93 dozen SILK FINISHED BALBRIG-
GAN UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, medium weight, in flesh, tan j
and cadet bine, regularly sold at $2 50 '
a suit, will be closed out at 75c each j
garment.
HOSIERT !
At VTA Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK
COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels
and toes, fast black, regular value 20c,
reduced to 12)£c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK FRENCH LISLE
THREAD HOSE, spliced knees, heels j
and toes, size** b}4 to 8 incnes, regular '
price 40c and 50c, reduced to 25c a pair. [
At 33^ Cents a Pair.
j LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, extra hi h-spli C ed ]
heels, double soles and toes, Herms- !
dorf black, regular price 50c, reduced
to 3314 c a pair.
1
\JtU> Murphy Building, J
Market anti Jonss Strests.
lildUul dull Jullud 011001 l
; breaking a lot of it, and left notning but
j the bare walls."
"Yes,'' said Kytka, "they also threw
I out my effects notwithstanding my pro
tests. I even offered 10 ray Flinn the in
: terest out of my own pocket, but he would
; not listen to me. Everything was thrown
; into the street regardless of consequences.
"When they got to young Bell's bed
! room they becan to tear things down, and
; I warned them to be careful as he was a
1 sick man. It had no effect upon them.
j They cleared out the room, leaving Bell
on ft 'fracture' bed and sparing the carpet.
"Flinn said he had a Deputy Sheriff
with him, but I don't believe the man was
a Deputy Sheriff. Tlie man opened the
door with a skeleton key and it was
nothing but a case of burelary, and we
will see if they cannot be prosecuted
criminally. At all events I will institute
i a suit lor heavy damages against Flinn.
"I suppose Flinn got scared and ttiat
was why a load of mv furniture was sent
; back that ninht, bnt he has Btill a lot of
my effect*, including my photoeraphic
and engraving apparatus.
"It is an,abominable outrage and I will
see that justice is meted out to these
men."
DR. KUHLMAN IS SAFE.
He Will Not at Present Have to Go to
J:ill for Contempt.
Dr. Kuhlman will not have to go to jail,
at least not at present, for his action in re
fusing to be sworn by Coroner Hawkins
in the Sonderup inquest.
On Friday last the Supremo Court de
cided that the Coroner had the right to
commit Kuhlman for contempt and re
manded him to the custody of the Sheriff.
That ofh'cial, however, did not immure the
physician in the County Jail, but awaited
further action by Judge Wallace.
The case was called in Department 6
yesterday and Judge Wallace refused to
take any further action in the matter.
He said that the Supreme Court had
decided the case and he ha 3 nothing
further to do with it.
The contempt commitment was for ten
days and dated June 20, so that time has
expired. Consequently, Dr. Kuhlman
will not be troubled further until Coroner
Hawkins returns from his vacation in the
Yosemite. Then the inquest will again
be called, and if Kuhlman refuses to be
sworn or to testify after being sworn he
will De sent to jail until he consents to do
80.
THE STRIPED BASS.
Angler* Can Catch lliem With Hook
ami Line Near San Pablo.
Anglers who have yearned for an op
j portunlty to catch striped bass with hook
and line can now look forward to some
good sport. On Sunday two fishermen,
John Wilson and Edward Mogan, were
: bait-fishing in San Pablo slough for cat
fish when Wilson hooked a bass which he
j indeed was rive or six pounds in weight.
j Not being properly rigged for game fishes.
! Mr. Bass made short work of his tackle. ]
i He then attached larger nooks to his line j
j and succeeded in hooking and landing a j
three-pound bass. The angler states that I
I he nad seen several bass jumping and I
I they appeared to be chasing some small j
fishes which -are: quite- plentiful in the
slough. Wilson tninks that with the !
proper paraphernalia good sport can be
| had near the mouth of the slough where
the water is deep.
Shot Himself Aerirtentally.
Antonio J. Machado ol Novato, Marin County
died at the German Hospital yesterday from a
gunshot wound accidentally inflicted by him
self on Saturday last. ( Machado was out bunt
ing, and leaning the ritle against a bush, pre
pared to light his pipe.; The" gun slipped,
catching the trigger in a projecting prong,
causing the gun to explode, the entire load
entering the deceased's left shoulder. Death
resulted as already mentioned.
■ •—• — « — •
Borrow on sealskins, allies and Jewels at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue. ■
WASH GOODS DEPARTMENT!
s^* No Samples Given. Not Sold to Dealers.
100 pieces ENGLISH PERCALES, all new and stylish, well assorted, was I m M
10c yard, this week | { 2 C
BEST GRADE % INDIGO PRINTED CALICOES, all new and first-class, I A n
that were S.Vic, this week...: | 4:0
Odd Lots HIGH-GRADE SHIRRED CREPON, woven colors, every one I K^
stylish and fast, that were HJ^cayard, this week | DC
250 pieces GOOD GRADE TENNIS FLANNELS, medium colorings, a nice I K/j
fabric, that were 7>ic, this week | O(j
150 pieces CORDELETTE DIMITY, these are the new fine grade goods \ 1 C\ n
that were 15c and 20c yard, this week's price j IUO
BEST GRADE SHIRTING PRINTS, good assortment, that were 6^c a I A ,„
yard, at ' ' | 4:0
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT!
500 pairs GOOD NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru or white, nicely made I Q «
and stylish in design, that were ?1 25 a pair, this week's price | OOC
Full line of designs. FINE GRADE NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in fish I
net, point d'esprit, etc., designs, that were $2 50 and *2 75 pair, this OO A A
week at | <pi.UU
GOOD GRADE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, well and heavily worked in I Of) AA
pood effective designs, that were $4 pair, on sale this week at | $£.»'\J
100 pairs in odd lots MEDIUM AND FINE PORTIERES, the ■ clean-up I HALF
of a large Philadelphia mill, on sale this week at | PRICE.
One lot BEST GRADE (Daghestan effect) IMPORTED RUGS, size 30i64 I PI (in
inches, that were $4 each, on sale at «?I.»7'J
50 pieces FINE GRADE OPENWORK SCRIM. 40 inches wide, that was I Ql^
12V;c yard, on sale at | O3C
Ctf See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for Specials in Linens and Blankets.
LADIES' CAPES, SKIRTS 1 SUITS
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, prettily embroidered or braided (J»-J f\(\
in contrasting shades; also trimmed with bias bands and small buttons, «pI.UU
lined and uniined; tan, brown, navy and black; worth $4; reduced to.. Each
LADIES' CAPES, made of fine material, richly embroidered or braided, fan * A
all lined with silk, ruche trimmings at necK; also black velvet with jet tp£*O\J
trimming, all lined, ribbon ruche at neck; worth $7 50, reduced to Each
100 LADIES' SKIRTS, made of Navy Blue Serge, all lined, five yards wide, C*l X A
reduced from $3 50 to $I.OU
• '...'.'...'.'.'.'.'.'. Each
85 LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Double-breasted Reefer and Skirt, made I ©Q QA
of black and navy Cheviot, skirt lined throughout, worth $7 50, will be tp«s.t/U
closed out at | Each
LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in I Q/> HA
black and navy Cheviot, lined throughout and neatly finished, worth «p0.»71J
$10, will be cleaned out at | ' Each
LA*DIES' SUITS, consisting of Skirts and Double-breasted Jackets, in black I©7 A
and navy Serge, lined throughout and neatly finished, also checks and v • -DU
• mottled effects, in shades of gray and tan, worth $10. will be closed out at | ' Each
Imi Murphy Building, / fg(f Murphy Building, 'J
U l/ ' v(/ wiurpny Building, -Jj
fflartet Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
P { !l!JlllllIlIlIlIlIlJlIlMIlflIlJlIlJlllMIl^
i ~p
5] < - pa]
|I m "Takes the Cake." '' -I'
15 to]
i PLyC i
\r t. i§
M You may have money to 1
!§l burn/ but even so, you needn't |
|j throw it away* For JO cents you p
1 get almost twice as much '"Battle 1
M Ax" as you do of other high grades j|
M c ■< ' p
si tor the same money* M
§iiiiißiiiiiii§igiii§Pii^^
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Are., S. F.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodlslao and specifics tonia for tlis
cezual and urinary . organs of both sexes, and »
treat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blal-
•er. A great Restorative, invigoratorand Nervlna.
bells on Its own Merita— no long-wtndoil tuu*
lnonial3 necessary. ■ , . .
AAliiilt, ALI'S & BKUNE, Agents,
823 Markot St., S. 11.-(sendI 1 . -(send for CircizUt)
! A MM A n A laxative refresblnf fa
I M rli U X frult loz <> n 3°>
■ n 111 nil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
■ _ _- am _ •■■ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
I SJ TO lE. Bl loas of appetite, gastric an*
IIIU I ™ ti9 Intestinal troubles ana
».■»■•_■ ™ " headache arising
_ from them.
2ft DII I fill E. GRILLON,
83 |C \ '•• S BIN 3S Hue dcs Archives, Part*
I* II i la &■ V 11 Bold by all PrartUt*.
i 21l 4UC VfJII " s "--r«-" Tcroat, i^mple3~ Copper^j
$£nn"Z lUU colored Spot*. Aches, Old Sores.&a
! -jWUlccra in ?loutli. Hair- tailing Write IOO&H
fI|HESI£BV CO., «OV Masonic Temple JH
r^jt'hJcai^o, 111., for -procta of cures. CaplHn
y|ta.l, $500,000. Worst cases cored in XoKk
gjto 85 days. - 100-page book free. •■-; '■",
910
McCLOSKER SAYS
HE SAW BECKER,
Sure He Recognized "The
Dutchman " on Broad
way, Oakland.
LEES TALKS DEFIANTLY.
Refuses to Produce His Memo
randa of McClosker's
Statement.
DEAN TELLS OF A " FALL FUND."
When He Himself Fell, However,
Creegan, as Custodian, Failed
to Pony Out.
Considerable damaging testimony was
introduced against Becker and Creegan,
on trial for forgery, in Judge Wallace's
court yesterday. No absolutely positive
Four of the Men Who Are Working to Secure the Conviction of Forgers Creegan
and Becker.
evidence had been hitherto introduced
that Becker was engaged in the Nevada
Bank affair. True, there was considerable
hearsay testimony that he raised the
Woodland draft, but no one had sworn
that he had seen "the Dutchman" in the
State, but yesterday Joe McClosker, or Mc-
Closkey, testified that he had seen and
recognized Becker on Broadway, Oakland,
in December, 1895.
McClosker denied the imputations that
the attorney for the defense has frequently
made that he was the man who went-into
the Nevada Bank with Seaver or Dean.
McClosker declared yesterday* that he
stood in front of the Kuss House while
Seaver went into tho bank.
Detective H.imrn of Philadelphia also
gave some strong evidence against the de
fendants. He had arrested them in Phila
delphia and had found upon them a num
ber of new $20 pieces of the San Francisco
mint similar to those taken from the bank
by Seaver. Inasmuch as very little gold
is in circulation in Philadelphia this cir
cumstance was rather suspirious.
Joseph McClosker, or McCloskey, was
first sworn. He testified that he was a
native of New York, 52 years of age, and
had lived in various parts of America and
Europe. He had arrived in this City on
the night of November 20, 1895, having
come to California partly on account of
his health and partly on some 'little busi
ness" which Creeean had proposed, but
the details of which McCosker knew
nothing about.
He had just met Creegan in this City on
December 1,1806, and met him on various !
occasions afterward up to the 16th of the
month. He had seen Becker in Oakland
walking alone on Broadway. McClosker I
here, in reply to a question from Attorney
Wilson, admitted mat he had been con- i
victed before of a felony and larceny, but '
never of forgery, and that he had'spent '
eight yea's and nine months in the Mary
land penitentiary, being discharged in
July, 1895.
On December 10 or 11 he had met Gree- \
pan on the Oakland boat, but Creegan had i
told him to ".Split off; there's a man on
the boat knows me. 1 ' The two then made
an appointment to meet on the same even
ing or the following evening. When they
met McCiosker met Seaver. whom Creegan
had referred to on the boat, and after that i
McClosker ni^t Seaver continuously almost i
everyday. On the morning of the 17ih j
Seaver told oCcClosker thai he had received :
a draft which Becker had raised from $12
to $22,000. At this time, however. Me-
ClosJcer was not familiar with the plans of
Creegan and Seaver.
O.i thir 18th McCJoskermet Seaver at the
Zinkand and ajgreed to meet him next |
•morning at Third and Mission. According
to this agreement they met and at Sf-aver's
request McClosker agreed to follow him
during the day. He followed him toward
the Nevada Bank, but did not enter the
bank. He stopped in front of the Russ
House, and after Seaver (!anie out with the
money and drove away McClosker went py
agreement to 212 Eddy, where Seaver put |
the money into four woolen socks. Then
Seaver gave McClosker two of the socks
and the latter started out. As be reached
the street Creegan, who was standing op
posite, came up and tooK one of the pack
ages of money.
In the afternoon Creegan and McClosker
went over to Oakland to take the package
ol $.">00l» to Becker. They got off at Stventh
street and Creegan ieft Mculosker and
took the money. Meanwhile McClosker
stopped at a stand to get his shoes blacked,
and while he was still on the stand Cree
gan came back and gave him a package to
take to New York, because Creegan said it
would bo dangerous for him to keep it.
Later McClosker had examined the pack
age and found a miscellaneous assortment
of acid, inks, pens, brushes, drafts and
tracing paper,
McClosker had left the satchel at the
bootblack-stand, but after he and Creegan
had left the latter suggested that he go
back and get the satchel and throw it
overboard or get it out of the way. Mc-
Closker went baclc and got it, but left it at
a drugstore on Seventh street. When he
again met Creegan the latter gave him
$100. which ' c said "The Dutchman" had
sent him. With an agreement to meet in
Omaha or New York, McClosker and Cree
gan finally parted.
McCioskerJreturned to this City and saw
Seaver at the Lexington. McClosker told j
Seaver tbat'he had had a hard day's work, i
that he was glad the business was over I
and that he was going home to New York
that evening. Seaver asked him to get
him a ticket also and McCiosker did so.
Before leaving the City Seaver gave him
what he regarded as a present of $500.
McClosker went Ea«t that night, taking
with him Seaver's baggage, to be delivered
at the iatter's residence in New York.
According to his previous agreement
with Creegan, McClosker put the follow
ing personal advertisement in the New
York Herald: "Jim: Meet me every
night at S. at Bp. m. Joe." And a few
days later: "Jim: Every night for a
week at the S., Bp. m. to 8:15. Joe."
The two met as a Result of these adver
tisements, and McClosker returned to
Creegan the package which had been
given him in Oakland. Creegan and Me- '
Closker had then gone to Philadelphia 1
and returned soon to New York, where
these two and Seaver met. Ttie three had
tnen gone to Minnesota and were arrested
in Minneapolis. McClosker did not know j
of his own knowledge that Becker was
present in Minneapolis, but he had seen I
him in the East in New Jersey, where he
was in jail with Creegan.
After further communication with
Creegan through the personal column of
the New York Herald, McClosker re
ceived several letters from Mm arranging
for a meeting at Hoboken. McClosker
had various conversations with Creegan
and endeavored to'get from him $3000 with
which to defend Seaver, but he failed to
get the money, McClosker declared that
he had appealed for the money, not de
manded it.
This appeal for money had been based
upon an agreement between Creegan, Sea
ver and Becker in regard to a $0000 '"fall
fund," which was to be raised to defend
any one of the party who slsould fall into
the hands of the law.
When Attorney Wilson's long examina
tion was finished Attorney Dunne took the
witness in hand. He testified that he had
made certain statements to Captain Lees, i
but did not know that the statements had j
been taken down in writing. Attorney
Dunne asked Attorneys Black and Wilson
if they had any memoranda of McClos
ker's statements, but they denied that
they had any such in their possession.
Captain .Lees was then sworn and asked j
if he knew of any such memoranda of Mo
Closker's statement.
"I do," replied Captain Lees.
"Have you those memoranda in your
possession?" continued Attorney Dunne.
"I have," answered the captain.
"Will you produce them ?''
"No," was the curt response of the de
tective.
After hearing considerable argument in
regard to com celling Cactain Lees to pro
duce his memoranda, Judge Wallace re
fused to compel the captain to bring them
into court.
Attorney Dunne resumed the examina
tion of McClo-.ker and went into the wit
ness' past record. He admitted that he '
had spent about twelve years of his life in i
prispn. He had come out here to be a !
■witness in company with Mrs. Seaver and i
his expenses were being paid by Detective
Lee 3.
The witness denied that on the morning j
of the 18th of December he had gone to !
Dean's office, in the Chronicle building, i
and ne also reiterated h s former denial of '
having gone into the Nevada Bank with |
Seaver. At this juncture the court ad
journed until 2 o'clock.
The cross-examination of Witness Mc-
Closker was resumed at the opening of the |
afterno n session. He testified to numer
ous meetings during the early part of De
cember with Creegan and Seaver. The
first he knew of the Nevada Bank trinsac
tion was on December 16. In regard to
purchasing the tickets east McClosker tes
tified yesterday tliat Seaver had told him
at his room on Eddy street to purchase the
ticket. According to a statement to De
tective Whittaker, which McClosker was
not prepared yesterday to deny, Dean was
in front of the Zinkand when he requested !
him to purchase tne ticket.
In tie redirect examination McClosker
explained why he had taken the al.asJ.
M. Shaw in Minneapolis. He had d one so
in order to open up « bank account in
preparation for a iittle piece of business in
which he was engaged with Creegan.
McClosker denied having made any
wiitten statement of the Nevada Bank i
case to anybody in this State, but said '
that he had made a statement to Robert
Hnkerton.
I:i answer to a question from a juryman,
McClosker testified that when he had seen
Becker in Oakland he was fully aware of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
bis identity. With this the witness was
allowed to depart.
James P. Hamm, a Philadelphia detect
ive, took the stand. He had seen Becker
and Cre-'gan in Philadelphia in April of
this year, and had placed them under ar
rest on April 18, after watching and fol
lowing them for some time. He bad
charge of Creegan and Detective Eckstein
had taken -Becker. On the way to the
station Creegan had offered Hamm $100 if
he would let Dim go. At the time of their
arrest Creegan admitted bis true name,
but Becker at first gave a false name, and
finally gave his true name aft»*r the Chief
had recounted some of his former deeds.
Hamm ha I searched tne two prisoners.
Upon Creegan he had found five new $20
-pieces of 1895, stamped with the "S" of
the San Francisco Mint, and upon Becker
ne found thirteen similar double eagles.
Upon visiting the Hanover Hotel, where
Becker and Creegan were staying under
assumed names, Detective Hamm had
found two steamship tickets to Guatemnla
via Panama, upon which were the names
J. W. Hillen and C. M. Bader. The de
tective had also found a pacKage, which
was opened at the police headquarters.
The contents of this package were the
same as those of the package given by
Creegan to McCiosker in Oakland. Upon
his examination at Philadelphia Becker
had explained his possession of the
forger's outfit by saying that he was on
his way to Central America to open a
gambling-house and that he intended to
use the inks and acids on playing-cards.
He admitted to the magistrate that while
"he engraved a little, painting was his
trade."
Creegan told the Judge that be had been
in California "playing the races," but
Becker declared that he had been in New
York all winter. At the conclusion of
their examination before the magistrate
Creegan and Becker were told to get out
of town within an hour, and they did so.
Before they left, however, the two men
and Detectives Hamm and Eckstein drank
wine for twenty or twenty-five minutes
before the train left.
Seaver was recalled to explain the "fall
fund," referred to by McCosker. There
| had been an understanding between Cree
gan, Seaver and Becker some two years
ago in London. Seaver had then contrib
uted $5000 to the fall fund, which aggre
gated the sum of $15,000. So far as Seaver
I knew this fund was and still is in the cus-
I tody of Creegan.
The available supply of witnesses being
i exhausted, Judge Wallace adjourned court,
\ with the usual admonition to the jury,
i until Wednerday morning at 10 o'clock.
TO TAX ITS FRANCHISE,
Siebe Wants to Collect From
the Mutual Electric Light
Company.
The Corporation Will Take the
Matter Before the Board of
Equalization.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
has petitioned the Superior Court to re
strain Assessor Siebe from collecting $1125
taxes which he has levied on that corpo
ration on a $50,000 valuation of its fran
chise.
The light company claims that it has
i paid personal property tax on $18,445,
! which it says is the full value of its per
! sonal holdings. The company claims
I that it is a young; corporation and that its
business is not sufficiently profitable to
make its franchise worth anything like
the figure at which Mr. Siebe has valued it.
Tne object of the restraining order is to
get the matter before the Board of Equal
ization.
Another phuse of the matter is the con
tention that the Mutual Light Company
has no franchise, although how that claim
will hold is not obvious, as it paid taxes
on a $5000 valuation of its franchise last
year.
It is also claimed that the Board of
Equalization has not proceeded in the
matter of equalization of the assessment
roll of 1896, and, therefore, that the at
tempt of Assessor Sieb- to collect taxes for
1896 is in violation of the State constitu
tion.
Judge Troutt issued the restraining
order.
Suit on a Note.
The Simpson Lumber Company has sued G.
A.Clark and Charles H. Humphreys lac $'21,
-000. balance due on a promissory note for
ir'2.>.oOO, executed in Los Angele, July 6, 1892.
Also (or interest at 7 per cant from January G,
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
THE NIGHT
OWL'S TIPPLE,
Supervisors Planning to
Cut It Short at Mid
night.
TAYLOR WANTS IT DONE
Wagner Makes a Strong Fight
for an Indefinite Post
ponement.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS CHANGED.
Owners of Castroville Lakes Water
File a Supplementary Offer With
the Board.
The question as to whether saloons in
San Francisco shall be closed between 12
midnight and 6 o'clock in the morning
nearly precipitated a row in the meeting
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday. At
tnp last meeting of the board an ordinance
to that effect was passed to print and
came up for its second reading yesterday.
Supervisor Wagner, who, by the way, is
in the retail liquor business, opposed it
vigorously and moved that the matter be
indefinitely postponed.
He said that the order was aimed at the
dives, which every one understood to be
an evil, but that the effect would be more
far-reaching than had been at first in
tended.
He declared that places like the Orpheum
and kindred resorts, which he said were
supported by the most respectable people
in San Francisco, would be closed by the
order.
Supervisor Taylor demanded to know
why there was such an inclination on the
part of certain members to put the mat
ter off indefinitely. He said he looked
upon the order as a goo«l one which would
redound to the credit and benefit of San
Francisco.
Supervisor Wagner stuck to his state
ment that the order would injure those
for whom it was never intended, and said
that if the present 1 rdinance closing sa
loons at 1 o'clock a. m. was enforced the
law would be strict enough to suit all.
Supervisor Taylor averted further dis
cussion by moving that the matter be re
ferred back to the Health and Police Com
mittee.
E. S. Field, a Supervisor of Los Angeles
County, sent a communication requesting
the board to to-operate with the southern
authorities in getting a bill passed
through the next Legislature providing
for an appropriation for the support of
aged persons and indicants. This was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Supervisor Hobbs introduced a resolu
tion that was carried declaring vacant the
position of sergeant-at-arms of the board,
eld by William Donald, and appointing
Robert B. Bartlett, a former employe of
the municipality in the same capacity, to
the place.
The same Supervisor introduced a reso
lution instructing the inspector of gas
lamps to furnish the board with a list of
places in public streets and. buildings
where lamps are contiguous to each other
and where one or more can be cut off with
out loss to the efficiency of the service.
The owners of the water supDly of the
Castroville lakes sent in an offer supple
mentary to the one made some time ago,
in which they offered to sell their prop
erty lor $14,000,000. They also sent in re
ports from William Irelan ana C. A. Og
den commending the waters of the lakes
both as to quantity and quality.
m ,
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Detailed Report of City
Work Before the
Board.
Following; is a complete record of street
work, including awards, assessments,
petitions, protests, resolutions and recom
mendations considered by the board:
BESOLrTIONS OF INTF.NTIOX.
Devlsad«ro, between Ilaight and Waller — Bitu
men.
F mnklln, between Green and Union— Bitumen.
Franklin, betwrru I'uion and Filbert— Bitumen.
Franklin, between Filbert and Greenwich—
Bitumen.
rrauklin, between Greenwich and Lombard —
Blmmen.
Thirteenth, between Folsom and Harr son—
Twelve-inch sewer.
Greenwich, between Broderick and Baker—
BttnoMß.
Lombard, between Van Ness ayenue and I'olk—
Baaali hloi kn.
Vau N<-sa avenue, between Vallejo and Green
stone- sid-walKs.
Lake, between First and second avenues—Bltu
nifn.
second avenue, between California and Lake—
Bitumen.
second avenue and Lake-street crossing—Bitu
men.
Beoood avenue, between California and Chestnut
—Bitumen.
averue, between A and Bstreett—Slxteen
inch sewer.
Six:h avenue and B-street crossing— Sixteen-lnch
sewer.
Francisco, between Broderick and Flllmore—
Macndam. »
Francisco, between Broderick and Baker—
Macndam.
cvisadtro, between Post and Sutter— Stone
sidewalks.
sutler and Htelner, crossing— Stone sidewalks.
OHarrell and ss einer sidewalks.
Webster. Miwetu Greenwich and Filbert— Plank
sidewalks.
F(l!a.>ore, between Post and Geary— Stone side
walks.
NOTICKB OK 9TBBST WORK.
Colllngwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Basalt.
Green. Polk to Van Ness— Basalt.
Cha tanooga and Twenty - second, crossing-
Bitumen.
Church, Twenty- second to Twenty-third— Plank
sidewalks.
I'llbert, I.eavanworth to Hyde — Basalt gutter
ways, bitumen KI61 2 feet K. from Hyde and
roubles 206 i /a f,«e; X (v [.envenvNonh.
Greenwich, J_i>av<-nworth to Hyde— Giade.
Thirteenth, .sanctiez to Noo. S. side — .Side
walks.
Van Ness avenue, Green to Union — Side
walks.
York, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Bitumen-
Sacramento. Stockton to J'owell— sidewalks.
Halxht and Clayton— sewer, cesspools, corners,
etc
Halght, Clayton to Ashbary— sewer, two man
holes.
Ashbury, Waller to Frederick— Sidewalks.
STRKKTS ACCFPTKD.
(Siijiied liy the Mayor.)
Jones, Green to I'mon— Cobble*.
Sixteenth, Clmrch to SBncher-Bituraen.
Van Ness avenue, <;reen to I" nion— Bitumen.
Grove, Fillroore to sielner— Basalt.
ACCEPTANCKB RKCOIIMKNDKO FOB PABBAOK TO
PBINT.
Webster, Oak to l'atte — Bitumen.
Laurel. Sacramento to California— Bitumen.
Fell, Clay on to loir— Bitumen.
Fell and Coie in:ers<-ition~Bitumen.
Fell, Co.c to Schrader— Bitumen.
Fell and >chntder intersf c:ion- Bitumen.
I ell, Schrader :o Simivan— liitumen.
Market and Noe. crossln« (conditional)—Blto
men.
Grove, Baker to Lyon-Biiumen.
Waller and Devlsailero. crossing— Bitumen.
ACCEPTANCE HECniOdcXHED BY BTRKBT OOM
MITTEK.
f.rove. Bakerto Lyon— Bnumen.
Waller and Imvi-h |. ,-,,. crossing— Bitumen.
ACCKPTANCKS lIKCuMMIMIKIi BY BtrPKRINTEND
KNT tU STHKKTS.
Van N.-ss avenue. Iniou to Filbert -Bitumen.
Nan Ness avenue and Filbert, crossing—Bitu
men.
Van B«m avonue. Filbert to (Jreenwich—Bltn
m^n.
Walnut, Sacrnmento to Clay— Bitumen.
Ch' rry. Clay to Sacramento -Bitumen.
Willow avnue. (iou«,, to Octavia— Bitumen,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Bitumen.
Sixteenth. 'Folsom to Harrison— Basalt.
Folsom, eventeenth 10 Kighteenth— Bitumen.
ASSESSMKNTS BION'KD BY THK MAYOB.
Clay and Scott. NE. corner—Sidewalk.
seventh avenue, I to J street—Macadam, etc
Baker, Clay 10 Washington—Bitumen.
Sixteenth, York to Potrer- avenue— Grading.
Van Ness avenue. Union to Green—Bitumen.
Lagana. Lombard to Chestnut—Grading.
Seventeenth and Vermont, crossing—Sewer, etc
Walnut, Sacramento to CJay—Bitumen.
Cherry, «.lay— Bitumen.
Willow avenue, Gougn to Octavia —Bitumen.
Green and Laguna, NIL and SW. corners—Side
walks.
Van Ness avenue, Union to Filbert—Bitumen.
Jones, Chestnut to Montgomery avenue—Grad
ing.
?>telner, California to Sacramento—Sidewalks.
Birch avenue, Laguna to Buchanan—Bitumen.
Serpentine place, Lower Terrace to Serpentine
road—orade.
ASSESBKKNTB WAITINS THK MAYOR'S SIGNATURE.
Wood, Point i.nbos to St. Hose's —Sewer.
Clement and Fifth avenue, crossing—Cesspools,
etc.
Kills and Bourbon place, SK. and SW. corners—
Sideualks.
Montezuma and Shotwell Intersection—Sewer.
Green and Leaven worth, crossing—Paving.
ASSESSMENTS BEING MADE ODT.
Eighteenth aid Connecticut crossing—Macad
am, etc.
i Wenty-Bfth an 4 I'otrero avenue—Northeast
and southeast corm-rs complete.
Webster and Union—Southwest corner, side
walk.
AWARDS OF STREET WOBK.
B street, be.ween Sixth and Seventh avenues—
To K. F. I'eiiuiMOii, paving, 7» 2 cents cubic yard.
Fillmore, between Broadwuy and Vallejo—Stone
sidewalk, to Fliini <t Treacy, cobbles, 12 cents.
Brannan. between Fourth aud Fifth—Bitumen
sidewalks, to Pacific Paving Company, 7y» cents.
Fr>*elon, between Fourth an 1 Firth—Bitumen
sloewaiks, to Pactttc Paving Company. 7X£ cents.
Howard, between seventeenth and Eighteenth—
Stone sidewalks, Flinn <fc Treacy, 13 cents.
Paclflc, between Eddy and Ellis—stone side
walks, to Gray Bros., 10 cents.
Pierce, between Golden Gate avenue and Turk-
Stone sidewalks, to Fllnn & 1 reacy, 10 ceuts.
Central avenue, between llalght and Waller—
14-lnch sewer, to Williams. Belser & Co., 67 cents.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
Hampshire, between sixteenth and Seventeenth
—John Kelso, on contract for gr.iding, sixty duys.
Alameda. between Polrero avenue and York —
Property-owners' contract tor grading, sixty days.
Seventh avenue, between Point hobos and B—
McHugh & Shueriu, for grading, thirty Jays.
Scott and Hayes crossiug—Flinn & Treacy, pav
ing, thirty days.
Hranuan, between Ninth and Tenth—California
Paving Company, paving, sixty days.
Waller, between Devir>auero and Broderick —
Fllnu <fc Treaey, stone sidewalks, 30 days.
Sanchez, between Twentieth and Llberty — Cali
fornia raving company^ grading, 180 il»ys.
Sanchezaud Liberty,crossing—California Paving
Company, grading, 180 days.
Brannan, between Ninth and Tenth—California
Paving Company, grading, iyo days.
BIDS ORDERED BEADVERTISED.
California, between Central avenue and Walnut
street—sewering.
First avenue and Clement street—B-inch sewer.
BIDS REJECTED
First avenue and Clement street—Crossing.
Southwest corner Fifth avenue and A street-
Cesspool.
Southwest corner Fifth avenue and B street-
Cesspool.
M street South, between Ninth and Tenth ave
nues south—Grading.
LOWEST BIDS.
Clayton, between \\alier and Frederick—9-foo t
sidewalk: J. M. Handley, W. J. Ford and Flinn &
Treacy, 9 cents per square foot.
Cole, between Frederick and Carl—Sidewalk;
Unwed Paving company, 89^ cents.
Hermann, between Laguua and Market—Sewer;
Daniel KeUeher. 73 and 95 cents, and «'-'8 for man
hole
Sheridan and Ninth—Corner; W. J. Ford, $60
for eac'.i corner.
<.uerrero, Army to Twenty-seventh—Plank slde
waK; W.J. t-ord, 75 centsa front t joU
Haker, between Tonquin and Lewis—Plank side- |
walk and niacaiam; J. J. O'Connor, 7 cents for !
pavlnp, 70 cents front foot for sidewalk.
Lyon, between Jackson and Pacific avenue — I
siaewaik <• ray Bros,. 14V& cents.
Cole, between Waller and Frederick—Sidewalks: '
J. M. Uandl. y, W. J. Ford and Fllnn & Treacy, 9
cents.
PUOTEBTB RKKERRKD TO BTREET COMMITTEE.
Sacramento, between Stockton and Po««-n, south
side—Property-owners against stune sidewalks
Juckson and Central avenue crossing—J. L,
Franklin against stone sidewalks.
Charles, betwe-n Chenery and Misslon-Prop
ertvowners ugainst grading, etc
Fifteenth, between San Bruno avenue and Kan
sas— Property-owners against gradine, etc.
Ivy avenue, between Buchanan and Webster —
Property-owners against paving, etc.
Ivy avenue, between Lacuna and Buchanan—
Property-owners against paving, etc.
Fourteenth, be ween Sanchez and Noe—Prop
erty-owners aealnst laying sidewalks.
nrmom referred to street committee.
Sixth avenue, from Lake to Golden Gate Park
Prooerty-owners to compel repairs.
Sacramento, between Locust, and Bpruce— Pa
cific Paving Company to lay bitumen by private
contract.
Kighth—William Ehrenpfort to have assess
ment determined.
Van Ness avenue, between Market and Turk—
Property-ownera to have that portion declared a
boulevard.
FETITIONS REFERRED TO FINANCE COMMITTEE.
lioily Park—Property-owners for wall.
Fourth—Property-owners to suitably repave.
STREET WORK BKCOMMENDKD BY SUPERIK
TEN DENT OF STRKKTS.
Central avenue and Hayes street crossing—Bi
tumen.
Masonic avenue and Halght-street crossing—Bi- ;
tumen.
Haight, between Masonic avenue and Ashbury—
Bitumen and artificial stone sidewalks.
Haight and Ashbury crossing—Bitumen.
Halght, between Clayton and Ashbury—Bitu
men and stone sidewalks.
Haight and 1 lay ton crossiug—Bitumen.
Uaight, between Clayton aud Cole—Bitumen and
stone sidewalks.
Haightand Cole crossing—Bitumen.
Haigut, between Cole and Shrader—Bitumen
and sione sidewalks.
iiaight and Shrader crossing—Bitumen.
Uaight, between shrader and Stauyan—Bitu
men and si mi. sidewalks.
Sanchez, between I'wenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth— P.auk sidewalk.
Walter, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth.west
sloe—stone sidewalks.
Poweil, between Green and Union—Stone side
walks.
Clay and Flllmore, northwest corner— Stone side
walk.
Guerrero, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth—
smiic sidewalks.
Fourteenth, between Valencia and Guerrero —
Stone gidewalks
Seventeenth, between Castro and Douglass —
Stone -.ioYwalks
REFERRED TO SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
Duncan, between Sanchez and No*—Sewer.
Cnlon, between Franklin arid Gough—Bitumen.
PETITIONS REPOKTKI) FAVORABLY BY STREET
WMMITTKK.
Klizabeth, between Noe and Sanchez — Stone
■tdewsik.
Sanchez, between Army and Twenty-ninth—
Stone sidewalk.
Dolores, between Twenty-eighth and Army-
Stone sidewalk.
Union, between Mason and Taylor—Plank side
walk.
Guerrero, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth—
Prop rty-owners to pave.
PETITIONS BKPORTED ADVERSELY BY STREET J
COMMITTEE.
Eighteenth avenue .-outh—Stay on grading con
tract.
Seventeentn and Ashbury crossing—To modify
grades.
Anujr and Guerrero crossing—To modify grades.
PROTESTS REPORTED FAVORABLT BY STREET
COMMITTEE.
Army and Guerrero crossing—Property-owners
against paving.
Seventeenth and Ashbury comer — Property
owners against changing grade.
PROTESTS REPORTED ADVKRSELY BY STREET
COMMITTEE.
Elizabeth South, between Noe and Castro—Stone
sidewalks.
Pierce, between Haigbt and Waller—Paving.
First, between Mission and Howard—Stone side
walks.
PLACED ON XII.X.
Guerrero, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth-
Protest against paving.
Tweiiiy-third, between Castro and Douglas-
Protest against plank sidewalks.
Twenty-flfth, between Guerrero aud Chnrch—
Protest against, plan* sidewalks.
Dolores—Petition of property-owners for boule
vard.
DeHaroand Twenty-third—Petition to modify
grade.
rie Haro, between Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth—Petition to modify grade.
Chattauooga to Twenty-fourth and Jerry— Pro- I
test aga;nst plank sidewalk.
Twelfth avenue, between Point Lonos and A
street —Petition to lay sewer.
Broderick, between Eddy and O'Farrell— Peti
tion for sidewalks.
BARRED FOR SIX MONTHS.
Lombard, between Gough and Octavia Pavlne
sagamore, between Plymouth aud Capital-
Grading.
First avenue and Clajmeiit— Award of sewer con
tract to William Kelou A to. repealed.
RTREET WORK RECOMMENDED STOPPED.
Jone , between Pacific aud Jackson—Paving for
six months.
Sanchez and Eighteenth, crossing—Paving for
six months.
Eighteenth, between Sanchez and Noe—Paving
for six mo' ths.
Sanchez, between Twenty-ninth and Army—
Plank sidewalk.
lialL'ht. between Clayton and Cole—Sewer.
Ko-s ally, between Washington and Jackson-
Paring
Northeast and northwest corner Co;e and
Haight—Stone sidewalks.
Lombard and scoit, crossing—Paving.
Lombard and Uevisadero—Crossing,
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted Clara Lorenz
a divorce from Henry Lorenz because of the
isttet's willful desertion.
The followins new complaints in divorce
were filed yesterday:
Georgie C. Burnham vs. Allen P. Burnham.
Kny S. Barnes vs. George M. Barnes.
Margaretha L. Meacham vs. Frederick E.
Meaciiam.
NEW TO-DAY.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.'
H. DUTARD 12 j. W. McDOXALD, Pres
C. B. STON a I o W. E. DEN VISON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP Lg COL. J. H. MEXDELL,
J.W. McUOXALD I v Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. E. DENNIs-ON J (Retired), -
Coxsui-Tivti KSiIISKKR.
PROPRIETORS . CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITDMEI HUES. I£\lZll Jeules and
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title Is a bad investment. A
policy of insurance in tho
CALIFORNIA TITLE IMRAME
AM TRUST (MPAX! —
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser against all loss
and damages Incident to record defects.
Toe Company has a paid up cash capital ol
$250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MO.VKY LOANED on real tale at cup
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract pla«(
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE— MILLS ULULDINQ-
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
crushed "TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
C. R. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
Office— 4o4 seventeenth Street. Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and Secretary's Office— 6s9 Market
Street, Room 12. Telephone Main 5780.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991. ,
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS.,
Telephone West 14.
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. f A1 T TI> WTADC
Telephone, Main 120:4. VVil IIIAI1 II Al 1 UllO.
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguua Sts.
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST., ROOM 9.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BKAL.E STREET.
PROPERTY OWNERS!
ATTENTION .
17k OEITTS
Per square foot (no discrimination) Is what you
can get your street paved with BITUMINOUS
ROCK for by the
PACIFIC PAVIiVG COMPANY.
Office 106 and 108 Phelan Building.
Call on us or send your address and our repre-
sentatlve will call on you. Telephone Main 656.
GHARLESirDEPEW
CHARLES M. DEPEW
PLANING MILL COMPANY.
GENERAL MILL WORK. SHIP AND STEAM-
BOAT WORK.
.Planing, Sizing and Resawlne.
OFFICE AND FACTORY,
229-233 8.-rrv Si , Bet 4 h ?nd sth.
Box 19. Builders' Exchange, S. V.
ENSIGN & McQUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Pnlnt*.Varnifihea, Nevada Compound etc
33 SPEAK ST. Telephone 6320.
PAR BUILDING
fi « 0. PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
JOHN E. MILLAR. . THOS. B. SIMPSON
SIMPSOX & MILLAR, f^^oherß
Branch Office, NW.cor. .McAllister and Larkln"
FLINN & TREACY.
ART « STONE -SIDEWALKS- AVI>
STREET PAVEMENTS —
SOI MONTaOMBRYST
FIRE PROOFING B if??SK«N«c 7 .
ROMAN BRICK G^ A 9 D - p f3 N 6 G 0 - M M cABe A B^ T 8 s c T O -
-■Hffifiwiir^maimaa
D £ D COMPOSITION AND
T. « D, GRAVEL RfIOFINB.
Paralllne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PUILLl'ps, ATTORVpv.t :
.SEW TO-DAY."
DOCTOR_SWEMiT
He guarantees a prompt and perfect
cure or every case he undertakes. Thou-
sands of genuine testimonials on file in
his private office. Poor treated free on
Friday afternoons.
NERVOUS I>KBIIiITY, weakness of sex-
ual organs, lost manhood, night emissions, ex-
j hausting drains which untit one for study,
business or marriage, treated with unfailing
success. Get cured and be a man.
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
sexual diseases of very sort, blood, skin and
constitutions 1 diseases, rupture, piles, varico-
cele ami hydroeele quickly cured without pain
or detention from business.
WRITE at once if living out of the city.
Thousands cured at home. Book on special
diseases sent free. Office hours— a. m. to 12
M. ; a to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. si.
to 12 M. only. Address
F. L. uWtAlll, M. 0., San Francisco, CaU
GOLDEN RULE
BAAZAR.
SPECIAL SALE
SILVER-PLATED WARE
THIS WEEK.
Combination Sugar with 6 spoons, quadruple
plate $137
Combination Sugar, satin. Bright cut, with 12
spoons, quadruple plate 149
5- Bottle Casters, satin. Bright cut, quadruple
Plate 100
6-Bouie Casters. Rogers Bros., satin. Bright
cut. quadruple plate ; 2 00
5-Bottle Casters, fancy chased, quadruple
plate '. 235
Glass-bottom Butter Dish, triple-plate top ... 75
Bright-cut Butter Dish, triple-plate . 115
Pear-shape Butter. Dish, quadruple plate,
satin finish..... 1 °fl
Butterfly Butter Dish, quadruple platej'glass
rest v 149
4-Piece Tea bet, satin, Bright cut, Quadruple
plate 573
4-Piece Tea Set. extra large pot, Bright cut,
■ quadruple plate 6 50
14-inch Hound Tray, satin center to match.. 2 50
Satin Bright-cut Cake Basket, quadruple
_ plate 100
Satin Bright-cut Cake Basket, quadruple
i * Plate 225
1 Fancy Engraved Cake Basset, quadruple
*> plate 250
Colored-Glass Berry Dish, triple plate, frame
high....... .. 139
Imitation Cut-Glass Berry Dish, triple plate,
frame low \ 1 49
Fancy Opaque-Glass Berry Dish, quadruple
plate, frame low.; '. 2 00
¥2 dozen each Forks and Knives, triple plate,
in satin-lined leatneret c case 1 49
V 2 dozen each Forks and Knives, Tea and
Table Spoons, in plush case, satin lined.. 400
Full Assortment of Everything at Equally
Low Prices.
DAViS~BROS.,
718 Market Street, San Francisco
hotel' eIfM,
_ FIRE-PROOF, *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with 'baths .
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Rivet-
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
- -, America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. M L V ' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard care passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. 51 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
wm W t°Ah tw S'- J OHKSON &JINN, Mgr. .
WM. frOBL&, Propr.
DR.MCNULTY.
T^-lw E , LL " KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE.
■CTRVnl t i!?'S..! >HIVATE CHRONIC AND
NKByODSDISEASRSOFMKNONLY. He stops
nis< haixes; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases.
tiPnrS '.?-.*v wenln(SB : Nervous Debility. Impo-
tence and other «nesses of Manhood.
tJrJr£ orr cts the secret Krrom of Youth and their
ter. .bie effects. Loss of Vitality. Palpitation of the
tJnnM r* ° -Memory. Despondency an.l other
irouniesol mind and bony, caused by the Errors,
excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
-s°!, e8 Deformities' and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs.
t ,;, r " McNulty's methods are regular and self
unc. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
m edlcal treatment. His New Pamphlet on Prt-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable.
Hours— 9 to 3 dtlly; 630 to 8:30 evening*. Sun-
«ys, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and Me
credly confidential. Call on or adlress
P.KOSCOK McM I.TV, »I. D.,
»6?ii Kearny St. , Sin Francisco, Gttl.
. *3" Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
■bout your disease 011 the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers fur swindling doctor*.
I "" l^rfflMT 'iSll^*' 1 11 ""■' «» is a non-poi*onou»
*^p3j»>^nt^4ir"l »io.iy for Gonorrhoea,
MS/ty l-'CHES^B Gleet, Spermatorrhu-a,
: #^507T ID 1 toS ' 1 »7»-\a Whiten, unnatural <ii»-
mffW <".c»r»ntted V ''niire«», or any iul!amm;i-
J*fco* not to itricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
»^_rr«Teou contagion. tion of mucous mem-
yiii^rHEEvASS CHEVIinu 00. Prunes. Non-astringent.
IgffIUINCINNATI.O gRjiS Sold h - T »>r«nrsriatr,
; xHßff^. u>s A. ,^P^jf^ or B( ' nt '" plain wrapper,
'/.WW^k^ by •■xpress, prepaid, for
:a **^» V Circular sen* or. • r»<pt.
SEbifflM WIJLCOX COMPOUND
IirANSY®PILLS
BQBnbstlf a ca cl SURE. Always reliable. Tak»
for nv»m * For! »alebya!l*rueKists. Bend ,
OhmkS? Safeguard. WI I.COX MPECIFIO
I CO., 228 bOUTU KIUHTHBT..i'HILADA.,J > ■FOR GOLDEN GATE
CARNIVAL WEEK,
Mass-Meeting in the Cham
ber of Commerce on
Thursday Next.
LETTER TO BE SENT OUT
The Selection of a Suitable Design
for a Souvenir of the
Event.
SHEA'S IDEA OF A BAIGE.
A Performance Will Be Given at the
Columbia Theater in Aid of
the Carnival Fund.
The committee on designs for an official
nir of the Carnival of the Golden
fiaie rr.et yesterday afternoon in the Mills
g and considered a number of de
Design for a Souvenir for Carnival Week Submitted by J. A. Baylcss.
Bigns submitted in competition for a prize
of 125.
Among the many offered there are but
few that possess any merit, the majority
of the competitors having made their
crawinps with the idea that something in
the burlesque line was wanted. The com-
I esign for an Official Badge Submitted
by Frank T. Shea.
nittee — composed of Colonel John
O'Bvrne, Dr. F. W. D'Evelyn and R. P.
Doolan— being unable to determine which
one to choose, postponed action until the
next meeting.
There was one, however, that, judging
from a remark made by Colonel O'Byrne,
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
| was evidently the choice of the commit
| tee.
"Look at all these pictures," said the
colonel to a newspaper man who was pres
ent at the close of the meeting, "and tell
I us which you prefer."
After an examination of the many draw
ings fastened to the wall the referee de
clared in favor of a star-shaped one em
blematic of the coming event.
"Bravo," exclaimed the colonel; "the
judgment of a Daniel."
"Is that the one your committee has
favorably considered;''
"Young man," replied the colonel. "I
told you the committee has not decided
upon a design ; and I can only say that
; you have good taste."
>w) i V* ar ' offered by J- A. Bayless of
--'-Hjh Mission street, represents the spirit
ol ( alifornia and the carnival, and the
main landscape represents features of the
topography of ;he Btate. Below is a rep
i resentation of the City of San Francisco,
wreathed in California eschscholtzias. The
different angles of the star represent the
I days of the carnival, namely, florai, festivi
ties by land and water, yachting, military
parades and illuminations. The upper an
gle represents mirth, music and merri
ment. The carnival colors, red, gold and
blue, are represented by the drapery.
Other contestants for the prize are F. A.
Haber, J. Murrey, R. E. Foster, Stella Wil
tram, Alice Smith and George F. Manuel.
There were submitted a number of de
| signs for an official badge to be worn dur
ing the carnival, but no action was taken
on them. The most attractive is one sub
mitted by Frank T. Shea.
Arrangements are being made for the
mass-meeting to be held on Thursday in
the quarters of the Chamber of Commerce
at 2:30 o'clock. Hugh Craig will preside
and fifty prominent citizens have been
asked to serve as vice-presidents.
"We expect to rill ttie hall," said Gen
eral Warlield, "and feel confident tnat we
will receive much encouragement. To
j night I ieave for Monterey to take part in
} the celebration there, but will be back in
j time to attend the meeting."
' Mayor Sutro and James D. Phelan have ,
j been invited to address the meeting, and i
■ it is very likely that they will.
The following is a copy of a letter that !
will be sent to-day to a large number of j
I citizens and business men:
Bah Francisco. Crl., July 8, 1806.
To the Public-Spirited Citizens of San Fran- '■
Cisco: The executive committee of the Carnival i
oi the Golden Gate desires your co-operation ,
i in furthering the interests of the week of fes- j
, tivlties to be held in this City during the early ;
I part of October.
I Careful consideration has been given to the '
project by those who are instrumental in pro- j
moting it. They are men representing the in- i
dustrial, financial and commercial Interests of
Ban Francisco, and realize the advantages that ■
; will accrue from the presence of several hun- (
i dred thousand strangers In our midst during !
1 the week selected.
The Merchant.-.' Association, the Board of j
■ Trade and the Chamber of Commerce desire to '
! assist the executive committee in making the I
cnrnival a grand euccess. In order that the I
; public may become acquainted with the fea- j
■ tures that will make this week a most memor- I
; able one in the history of San Francisco, they
i R"k you to meet with them in the rooms of the j
■ Chamber of Commerce, in the Merchants' Ex- I
: change building, to-morrow (Thursday) after
; noon, July 0, 189t5, at 2:30 p. M.
The financial results attending the carnivals
held in the interior of the State, not to speak j
i of the Mardi Gras of Xew Orleans, the Veiled
Prophet demonstration in St. Louis, shows
that an affair of this kind means large finan
cial returns to every line of business. It is a I
matter in which the whole State is interested, :
i and once inaugurated will become an annual '
! feature.
Not less than if 50.000 will be expended in I
presenting the affair to the public. This
amount will Rive employment to a larjje num
ber of artisans, and be spent among our own
tradespeople. If we attract for one week an
i attendance or even 100,000 persons it means
> an increase in our revenues of not less than !
$2,500,000. (an we afford to let such an op
portvnity pass by ?
In the name of the business interests of this
City, we invite you and your friends to meet
us on Thursday afternoon. This is a matter of
jmrnmount importance, as the success of the
affair largely depends upon the hearty assist
ance of every one.
On behalf of the executive committee we ic
| main, for the good of San Francisco,
R. 11. Warfikld,
Provident Executive Committee.
Samuel V. Backus, Secretary.
On Thursday, the 14th, there will be a
sale of seals in the Columbia. Theater for
the performance to be given on the even
ing of the 10th in aid of the fund.
SINGLE-TAX ELECTION.
Kncouraginc Reports of Progress— The
Single Tax and Proportional Repre
sentation in Japan.
The eingle-taxers held an enthusiastic
meeting last evening at the Mills building,
with fair attendance. It was for the an
nual election and reports of ofQcers and of
the progress of the work generally.
Joseph Leggett, James H. Barry, James
8. Reynolds and others reported many
successful meetings and an increased de
mand for Mnsle-tax speakers at different
clubs and societies in the Ci ty and else
where. Mr. Cridjre had a most encourag
ing report to make from Japan. The Ilev.
air. Gorss, an indefatigable f-ingle-taxer
and proportionalist, who resides there,
writes that both these fundamental re
forms are making rapid progress in that
country. Members from different parts of
the City hai only good reports oi
progress in their respective neighborhoods
amone people who seldom attend meet
ings, but who are getting a good under
standing of the economic justice of taking
ground alone for public revenue, and are
preparing to vote in that direction at the
first opportunity.
The officers elected for the ensuing year
were: President, L. M. Manzer; vice-presi
dent, H. L. Pleace; secretary, George S.
Conroy; treasurer, James S. Reynolds;
executive committee — James H. Barry, H.
F. Dessau, A. Granger, H. Guutadt,
Joseph Leggett, F. W. Lynch and H. M.
"Welcome.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1S9(».
ALMA JOSSELYN
AND HER SVENGALI.
Dr. Arthur Marten on Trial
for Threats to
Kill.
PLEADS HIS OWN CAUSE.
A Young Girl's Pitiful Story of
Betrayal and Perse
cution.
LIVING FOR YEARS IN DURESS.
Judge Campbell Orders the Defendant
Into Custody Until To
morrow Morning.
Dr. Arthur Marten, physician and
philosopher, appeared in Judge Camp
bell's court yesterday afternoon to an
swer the charge of threats to kill. He
conducted his own defense, and Colonel
Eddy was special prosecutor.
Dr. Marten showed that he had been
carefully studying the legal aspect of the
case and skillfully handled it. He asked
for a continuance, but it was refused.
Alma Josselyn, the complaining wit
ness, was called to the stand, and Dr.
Marten at once interposed an objection on
the ground that a wife could not testify
against her husband. He quoted a deci
sion of the Supreme Court on the point
and also referred the Judge to section LBB2
of the Penal Code. The Judge overruled
bis objection, and the doctor still fought
hard to exclude the young woman's evi
dence. He said if she wanted a divorce
from him she could have it, as be would
not oppose it, and he would swear never
to molest her again. "She is my dear
wife," said he, "and the mother of my
children, and how could 1 threaten to take
her life?"
This appeal had no effect upon the Judge.
"If you loved this young girl and bad
her honor at heart," said the Judge
sternly, "why did you not marry her
legally. "Why did you not get a license
and be marriea to her by a clergyman or
other proper person ?"
"There were legal reasons," said the
doctor, "which made it necessary that we
should not let the whole world know that
we were man and wife?"
"That's bosh!" retorted the Judge.
"Proceed with the case."
Then in answer to questions the young
woman, who looked as if she were dying
from consumption, told her pitiful story,
keeping her eyes away from the defendunt
as if she were afraid of being hypnotized
by him.
She said «he was born in 1976 and first
met the defendant about three and a half
years ago in the hou^e of her step-grand
father, George Staacke. At that time he
became criminally intimate with her by
presenting a pistol at her bead and threat
ening to kill her unless she submitted.
She had been under duress since then and
was constantly in fear of her life.
At this point the doctor said, "Now, my
lovey, how can you say that of me?"
"That will do," shouted Colonel Eddy,
"none of your iSvengali tricks here."
The witness continued, sayinn she had
borne him two children, one IS months
old and the other about 3 months. Once
he kept her locked up in a room in his
office for nine months and would not allow
her to pee any one.
"Couldn't you have got out and gone to
your friends?" asked the Judge.
"Where was Ito go? 1 ' replied the wit
ness. "I was then without friends, and
wns completely in the power of that man."
She detailed how the defendant had
made her swear falsely to affidavits in the
case against George Staacke for $50,000
damages for betrayal, and how he had
conspired to get himself appointed legal
guardian to her younger sister, Lulu, to
use her as a witness against Staacke. He
had repeatedly threatened to kill her if
she told any one about these things. He
had threatened to kill her and her two
babies within the past week or two.
The defendant cross-examined the wit
NEW TO-DAT.
Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon the
vital powers, the direct cause of thousands of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varieoeele in
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of
the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow-
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of its
terrible effect until the awful work is done — until the whole
nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood destroyed. Doctors have tried
every known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually
given it up with the advice that it will not -be a serious matter.
But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
physical wrecks it has caused. But it can be cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 18, 1398.
TO THOSE SUFFERING FROM VARICOCELE:—
I would like to add my testimony to numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt Co. I purcnaaed a No. 7 Bait from Dr. Sanuen about the first oJ
April, which I used according to directions, and after three months' trial I am happy
to state that my varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing, has almost entirely
disappeared, and the veins and parts are almost normal. I take great pleasure in
recommending this belt to any one suffering from a like trouble.
Respectfully yours, * \VM. E. JOHNS,
113U Market Street
&' i&sr There is not another remedy in the world
to-day which has received the favorable men-
i^^^ANMfiff^l on nat nas v Dcen given Dr. Sanden's Elec-
. (|j&<^T*|£jJw4fO trie Belt. In many forms of disease and
?B^^^^^^^? weakness in both men and women it has
proven effective and deserves a trial. Full
information and price list in the book, "Three Classes of Men/
free. Call or address
S-A.3XTX>33INr ETjECTRIC CO.,
620 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 10 t» 1.
OFFICES .A.T
lX>h ANGELES, CAI* I • ' POKTLAND, OR.
Ml* bomb Broadway. , \ 203 Wellington street
ness at length, mainly with the object of
showine that he had introduced her as hfa
wife at the Fabiola Hospital and had been
always solicitous about her health. He
introduced letters from her to him and
vice versa showing that they were couched
in endearing terms, but the witness said
she had to write ttiat way as she was afraid
of her life to write otherwise.
During the cross-examination Colonel
Eddy remarked that a more serious crime
should have been charged against the de
fendant, but the doctor was equal to the
occasion and said it happened three and a
half years ago and was barred by the
statute of limitations.
Mrs. E. A. Ka^ford, 1322 Mission street,
where the complaining witness and her
babies are living, testilied to the defendant
making threats of spilling blood a few
days ago. She and the defendant had
several lively passaees-at-arms, but she
always came out ahead.
The defflndant denied threatening to
kill "his wife," as he persisted in calling
the complaining witness; spoke of his
love for her and their children, and said
she had been made to testify against him
by his enemies.
Colonel Eddy made a scathing attack
on the defendant, and urged that his
bonds should not be less than $10,000, to
compel him to keep the peace.
The Judge ordered the defendant into
custody, and said he would render his de
cision tomorrow morning.
DANGERS OF POKER.
A Winner Who Alleges He Had to Dis-
gorge at the Point or a
Revolver.
M. Kinney, (#5 Market street, dropped
Into the saloon of William McCauiey, cor
ner of Polk and McAllister streets, Sunday
night, and lie and McCauiey engaged in a
game of poker in a rear room, where they
were joined by a friend of McCauiey.
"We played till about midnight," said
Kinney yesterday, "and 1 cleaned Mc-
Cauiey out. Then he went to the bar
room and returned. To my surprise he
placed the muzzle of a revolver against mv
nose, took $23 that was on the table in
front of me and told me to get out. Well,
as I was unarmed I had to get."
Yesterday afternoon Kinney appeared
in Judge Campbell's court and swore to a
complaint charging McCauiey with rob
bery.
BIG ESTATE, NO RENTS,
The Daughter of the Late Dr.
Toland Sues Her
Agents.
Estate Said to Have Been Grossly
Mismanaged — Property Covered
With Mortgages.
Mrs. Mary Li Firne. through her attor
ney, Albert C. Aiken, brought suit in the
Superior Court yesterday against her
agent?, Ashton A Gardner, to s-ceure an ac
counting of the business transacted for her,
and in the meantime an injunction is
asked for restraining them from making
n:y contracts in her name.
Avhton it Gardner have a nower of at
y from Mr*. Slme and refuse to give
i it up, claiming that !-he is indebted to
1 them. They Lave had charge of her busi
ness interests for the past six years and
j she claims that they have grossly mis
• managed them.
Mrs. Sime is or.c of three children of the
late I>r. H. H. Toland of the Toland Med
ical College. Ho left an estate valued at
$700,000, in which Mrs. Simo has a one
third life interest.
The property consists of a large ranch in
Solano County and property in this City
on Pine Btreet, near Kearny, on Everett
and Third and on Jackson street.
Ashton it Gardner have reported to
Mrs. Sime a constantly depreciating
' value and decreasing revenue, she say?.
j They have recently threatened to cut off
j the income entirely, and have covered the
! property with mortgages bearing high
I rates of interest. Gardner himself holds
; one mortgage at 1 per cent compounding
monthly.
It is al«o charged that large sums of
1 money have been put to uses not author
! bed by Mrs. Hmo; tliat th» firm refuses to
j yield up their management of the estate
although they have ireuiuiitly asked Mrs.
Si me to tr;ui*for it to some one else; that
they are employing every means to incon
venience th« b'rm that Mrs. Sime has em-
I ployed, having recently served notices on
i the tenants not to pay oyer any rents to
' them. All these allegations are made in
| the complaint as filed.
Mrs. Eame is conlined to her bed by ill
ness at her home in Connecticut, and is
reported to be very much worried over the
trend of her affairs here.
— - - , . _ __
! When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfcalth or Pleasure Resorts in these columns
/rindiy mention the CjfjCjC.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well us those in eearcn of hicaiiu, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for RheumatUm, 'Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS SIO TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs. S. V. Co. and
S. I<\ and N. I*, Kailway.
Address all correspondence to HARTI.KTT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, S. F., or
Hartlett bprlngs, Laku County, Cal.
> — f *%^7~~\ The Beautiful
■ e^^mh hotel
YERDOXE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. in the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
n B ■■% A 9 0\ TinT springs,
PARAISOIi!
! <*c jjcalth,re*t,pleas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness,' table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sacs treatment, limit ing and lishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
l'araloo Rtands unsurpassed in the Male. Plenty
enjoymeul fur young arid old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. if.
dolly, for holedad; Return-trip ticket. SS. Seven
milts by stage. Telephone and Postofllco. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1 H96, address R. ROBERTSON. Manager. ,
SAPA SODA SPRUIfiS,
California's Famou« 3lountain Spa!
)l avk You Ekes There LatklT?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsur-
rnssid. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Posioflice.
Burros to ride.' Bowline: alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
■ year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
: lief for asthmatics. WARM waif. SWIM-
: MING TANK, ah Ideal summer resort. Chil-
i dren'. ! paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
I Address ANDltEW JACKSON, Napa Soda ."springs
I. o.
WHEN IT AH
visiting UKlArl
STOP AT ran
PALACE HOTEL.
W. 11. FOJZSB & SONS. rKOFRIKTORS.
Til is Is THK NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
-1 hotel in Ukiab, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
staces to «11 resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to am 1 , from
ail trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. '
SODA DAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SrrTATKD ON CLEAR LAKK,
Is most Dicturesque. Soda Spring Is famous for
i the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,01)1}
I gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatine and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. a fine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
: fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
I camping groiinds. A coach will connect with tha
i dally stage from Pieta and Highland (spring*.
I Adams, Seiuler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. 95 50; rounl trip, .$lO. Spe-
i cial rates for families. <.. R. \\ VAI T. proprietor.
I Soda Bay. K'ise.vvill.-, Lake County, Cal.
(AMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bcrtrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
THIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
_l lightful climate for camping: dancing pavilion,
-roquet anil lawn tennis; line trout tishlni?. hatli-
inj; and twlmming; splendid drives to u>-ar Vai-
ley: nostoflica, express, telegraph and livery ut
both hotels: terms #8 and $12 per week.
VICTOU W. Klw\!">s, Manager.
JOS. F. llEl'.'l HANI). Proprietor.
City oflice. 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 P. M.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
IS niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
; GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
I \J cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH l.r T lit I N<iE IS. view, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KlU'sk A CO., i.'O7 Front St., Saa Fran-
] Cisco, for particulars.
ASTORG SPRWGJIISERAL WATER.
Till: FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL. YOUTH:
cures most any disease of long Standing; cured
hundreds; recommended by Dions mils in four
months in this city: no afronts. A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, Ijik.:
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, lias pi iv liege
of the water.
MOUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT: 182 MILES
from San Francisco, via C. P. ft, 11.; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
application. lIKUSEY & FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco. Placer County, Cal.
HAZEL^GLENr ~~
pOOD PLAIN BOARD in PRIVATE FAM-
'J> lly five miles frotpCloverdale; rates moderate.
Inquire of MRS. T. MOIiLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. MEALY. 203 Powell at. .
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF TilE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains. Hoard flora 87 to $10 a week.
Dampen 1 return ticket, *'J 60. Send for circular
to M. S. COX. Laurel. Cal.
WHITE OAK FARM.
VTEAB CLOVERDALE: PLENTY OF FRUIT.
i-> vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, ens*,
etc.; terms $ 7 per week. Address W. H. IIiATT,
Clovertale, Cal. ."," ' V r^
GILROY HOT SPRINGS!
i A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Keg:iin Health— Where the Tourist
-May Kegalo Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find i
l^est, Kefre<.lnu<-nt ami liolaxatiou.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Rppose and Recuperation.
' A Bun] IJetroiit. Where the Adjacent
Mills Arc Clothed In . i -siu-iit-j
of Matchless Glory,
Where the O re Malaria Never T.ifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the "Waters
of Healing Poor Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
fTIAKR 8 :15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
J. Third and Tovvnsend streets, a., hours from
j San Francisco. Fare, $7 10 for round trip.
| tnS" Stii:e connect* with train from Third and
Towcsend streets.
RUOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CITALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAUN'S telegraph pigeon service dally, con-
I necting the island with the wires of the world.
TTHKXCBIXao FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
*-> coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild coat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
| clnff, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
| concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropole now open. Island Villa In July.
For lull information, Illustrated pamphlets and
raten, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
2'J2 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, CaL
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA !
Redwoods, N. P. C. K. R.. via Bausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Hotel' Cnzadero rates, $10
i to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to 88
; per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. • - '
C. F. BURNS. Proprietor.
Cazadero, Cal.
fITT 1 fi ft noT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V If A I■l ■ V County, only 4Vi hours from !
\ft il |t!t\ *" an Francisco; but 9 miles ■
1 I |\ HI; [ill staging: new road through
MUUVI VI KM canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; uo fogs or dUa- .
greeai>le winds: mosquitoa and other annoying
insects nnknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 ;
! a. if. or 3:30 p. M. Round-trip ticket only $5.60.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express. ;
Kates *1-' a week; baths free.
J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS"
SO>OMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL FLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEAS!" UK; no staging; i/ 2 -mile from
station. The only genuine seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lyttoa Geyser
Soda £priags- Wonderful curative properties. !
, Table claims. isecd for circulars.
IALAV Ad Pis" 1 lulfA
The Hotel Sit tinted Hight Among the
Sequoias i* Now Open.
HERB IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FISH- i
ing. Postotlice and Telephone oilice.
J. L. sI'KKKY. Manager."
THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street.
| S. F., Agents.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from ~am» Rosa.
, WITH ITS BKADTTKVIi GRAPEVINE AR- \
! ' * bor; the place where you feel at horn*-. Table
first cias!«. Cioquet, Billiards, • ShufMe-boirtl,
Swings, imiiiing-nool. J>anotcg Pavilion, Fish-
ing and banting. Terms, if 10 and f 13 per week.
b,.^c!-»t rotes for clubs and large families. Hound j
trip, $3 To. Lttlhs free to guests.
V B I>K & JUERGENSEN.
go to mm SPRIMS,
! rpwo MILKS FROM HOPLAND. jinx coctiro
-1. County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec- i
trie and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250 I
feet above the valley: fine view. Furnished cot- ;
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus j
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, $10 per week.
O. 110 WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce. ■ ■.-■■■■-
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"DECRKATION. REST AND HOME FOR IN-
Xt valid consisting of Inr^e main building, cot-
] tagei and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
I Valley, Steam hi-at. elevator, callbells and ntgtit-
] watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
anil steam baths arc among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are among the amusements, mire
waver, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions Mrs; class. Rates reasonable. Bend for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
DSDEB NKW MANAGKMFNT.
I) ATES »9 TO ?2 50 PER DAY, $3 TO $14 PER
Xv week; all baths free.
W. H. HARRON, Proprietor.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
JAKE CO.— MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
■i resort In state: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations Hrst-class; rates
| *10 per week and upward: table unexcelled] bard-
nnished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
i elor P. 0.. Lake Co., Cal.
ALTAIOtf HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION
0 Occidental. Sonoma County,
X THE N. P. C. R. R., IS NOW THOR-
oughly renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms ♦« to $3 per week. Special rates
to families. mat'- perfect. • :
DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor.
IKIAH STABLES m STAGE COMPACT,"
\\T 11. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTURN-
'• « outs for commercial men. tourist and ashing
parties a specialty. stale street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Uklab, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets . all
trains, v Dully stage lor Blue Lakes, Laurel Deli,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake,
FUN
IN A
TANK.
Sport and health both swimming
in the big tank (30x75 feet) filled
with naturally warm mineral water
2etna SPRINGS
Take 7 o'clocfe Southern Pacific train for St.
Helena, stage meets you them at 10 a.m. Un-
limited round-trip tickets, 87. Rates, if 10 to ?U a
week. Hotel, clubhouse, recroatlon or all kinds.
For further information call at 318 Battery St.,
San KraTicisco or address W. L. .MITCHELL,
manager. Lidell P. P.. Napn County. Cat.
-~*rs/h™ CAPITOLA.
£S^^r£l#n GEM RESORT.
TsaiitßJ\ia,iii f iHttj 4 Miles Kast or
|inTn;iTg]g} ijiliitflt<Rß3r Santa Cruz. .
v« h * *H-*' j^g~^= Hotel at water's edge;
""Ttr-M y^TrlH~tiiii«r- furnished and partly
___^ * a■ j furnUu'dcottages:fred
~~*~£ *?^g camp ground; salmon
», ~ *»* and trout fishing. ■ •
~ "~~ KKAXIKR, Supt.,
• Capitola. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Eecodnlzed Fnniily SummnrKesort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains. ■
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
in". New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed, bend for souve-
nir. Mace at Mad rone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC POXCKIiKT, Llamas. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL
. . Boca, O£vl,
HEADQUARTERS FOB FISHERMEN AND
their families. Excellent table and newly-
fitted rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE,, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For information address
.lAS. McI>OXALI>, Boca, Cai.
HOWARD p. springs.
nUWAKLi p. o. putah,
LAhlv COUNTY.
pHANGED HAXD.S-KENOVATED AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations— and service
strictly first class: rates $10, £12: special terms
for families; postotticc and telephone on premises;
round trip ifll): tickets at -. I. Co.'s otlices: corre-
spondence invited. Address PKOK. JUIiKS
HEUGKN, Manager.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L VKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
JL year round. Telephone connections. Hound-
trip tickets at southern I'acifc oiUces, $10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
SPAULDING. Seigier Springs, Lake County, CaL
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ncfIATrVS
HUNTING, FISHING. BATHING AND
XI camping out witn the boys, and never had
such a good time before In my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going Into business again. I tell you that Is the
place to co to have a real pood time and complete
change. For particulars address A. 11. iIcJIATU.
Uullviile, CaL
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
I) OSS VALLEY, NKAKSA.V RAFAEL: COT.
J I. tapes and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion; salt water bathing.
MRS. PETKK SMITH, Maragor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN" THE HEART OK THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and Balling; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms 98 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSEY. Glen wood, CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKIYOO COUNTY. cal., a
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
- n EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address
JOHN" TAYLOR, Manager,
Hilton Postofflce, Sonoma County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
rt Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, >crofula. Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases mail Is heir
to. i'or rates and fare apply to
W. J. o'XKii.r.. I.i; sixth St.
LAKE TAHOK-McKIN>'KY'B
MOST SHELTERED SPOT AND POPULAR
family resort: large new hotel; Iron spring;
lar;e dancing-hall and parlor: hot baths. Table
excellent. Terms', $10 to $12 per Week. Round
trip tickets toTahoe City, $)ti.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOX THb SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
C rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dre.«» P. O. box --'20.
IVERHIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OK
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, *9 75 from Ban Fran-
cisco; rishlnir, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. .$7 per week. Excellent table.;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley. Mendoclno County.
TTOTEL X)KL MAK— ON~THfrSK ASHORE; 20
J-L minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing: buses meet all trains; children, $2
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week,; special rate*
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal.. or room 29,
Maze building. S. F.
OTKL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,, THB
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise: the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will he found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etr. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Berth*
P. < >.. Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
A T BELMONT, SAN MATED ~ COUNTY,
S\. board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImont.
I^ROOKSIDE FRUIT KM; FINE SHADE;
I> plenty milk, ? cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookside. Napa,
"I ONU WOODS, IDEAL summer RESORT;
• J send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Loni:woo<ls, Nap», Cal.
NIT A VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. ' J. HAEij-
TERS," proprietor. ■ ' ' v ;. '. -- : .
ViY PRESS LAWN 'FRUIT FARM— GOOD . TA-
V ble; home comforts. T. 11. KlV£ V, Napa, CaL
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKRETB.
To-day a holiday.
No urain quotations.
Hay plentiful and weak.
Beaus very dull.
rotltocn lower. Onions unchanged.
Vegetables about the sanif.
Butter and ( heeae in good supply.
KgKs dull and easy.
Poultry nominal.
reaches and Apricots firm.
Raisins in quick demand.
Limes lower.
R:i on advanced.
H.ims and I.ard (inn.
Hides and lowlier unchanged.
Wool steady. Hops nominal.
]lo;s ainthcrf action higher.
Coffee very Hull.
TO-DAY A HOLIDAY.
To-day having been declared a legal holiday by
the Governor, Duslness will be suspended through
cut the City.
Explanation.
To* arrow flies with tb* wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
4ays: those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rain of melted snow in inches and huiidredths,
Coring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; loo
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
cosvs:. When the pressure is high in the interiot
and low aioi.k,' the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the '-lciw" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain !-ouih 01 Oregon is improb
able. With a ••high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California' coast, warmer
weather may be ■.:,-,! D summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department or Agricul
ture Weather Bureau, San Francisco, July
6, 1896, sv. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Red Bluff 102, Sj.n Francisco 6'J, Fresno 106,
San Luis Obispo 76, Los Angeles 78, San Diego 70,
Yuma 106.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 50, mean 56.
The pressure continues low over California and
in the valleys is about one-tenth of an inch below
the normal. There has been a slight rise during
the past twenty-four hours over the northern coast
and a decided rise over Eastern Washington and
Idaho.
The temperature has risen in Eastern California
and throughout Nevada. In Northern Nevada
the rise amounts to more than 10 degrees. There
has been a fall of 20 degrees in temperature over
Northern Idaho and Eastern Washington, but this
is probably due to the rain. A thunder-storm is
reported at Baker City, and four-tenths of an inch
of rain has fallen.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. July 7. 1896 :
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: continued
"warm weather in the valleys: fresh northwesterly
winds on the coast light winds inland.
southern California— Fair Tuesday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— FairTnesday continued warm weather.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday and probably light show
ers In the extreme northern portion; cooler in
northern portion.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday continued warm weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Light southwesterly
winds. changing 10 westerly in the afternoon and
increasing in force. Alexander <;. McAi'iK,
Local Forecast Official. .
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
JCJtW YORK. N. V.. July 6.— The opening of
-the stock market was characterized by firmness.
London having reported a further advance in
American securities there. The early gain was
equal to Vi@l per cent; nearly every active stock '■
on the list participating In the upward movement.
A reduction in the posted rates of sterling ex
change of Vie, which renders gold export out of
the question unless foreign bankers are willing to
pay a heavy commission, was the most favorable
development at this time. Th-> firmness was
shortlived, however, and soon after the opening
the market broke % to 21.4 per cent under the
leadership of Chicago Oas and Sugar. The former
dropped to 56 and the latter to 10714.
sugar was depressed by the redu?tion in refined.
The crenaen were then taken in hand, and soon
lost > 40,11 3 P«r cent. Manhattan, Jersey Central
and Louisville and Nashville aiso lacked support,
and scored material losses. As of late, the decline
brought in orders for European account, and
according to good authorities foreign houses bought
from 15,000 to 20.01:0 shares during the morning
session. Speculation during the afternoon was
quiet for a time, but in the last hour the traders bid
the market up all around.
They were influenced mainly by the steady buy
ing for London account, a'though the news from
Chicago late in the day was looked upon as more
encouraging. In the afternoon advance Sugar
Chicago Oas, St: Paul, Louisville am Nashville,
"eneral Blectrtc and Pacllic Mail were notably
strong. speculation left on firm with prices any
where from ' 4 «o •'■•h per cent higher than on Fri
day last. Rock Island lost V 8V 8 and Jersey Central
1 Va 1 per S£ D «fcw.£ * 1 sales were 204,106 shares, In
cluding .-is. (MX) Rn*ar, 28,700 St. Paul, 13,70'J Bur
lingion and 13.500 Chicago Gas.
Th- bond market was quiet and firm in tone.
The sales were only $007,000. Brooklyn Elevated
sixes rose Ito 80; Kan -as and Texas seconds, 110
5 , : < hesapealft an ' 1 Ohio consolidated fives, »/. to
,1063,4; Iron Mountain consolidated fives, V« to
'.•'-'• '''''■ Northern Pacific firsts, Vi to 1131 A.
Union Elevated sixes declined 1% to 78Vr
io'. n . (iO V^ " n:i ", ntbondß *S«."00 coupon fours of
"■ sok! at 1:HV 2 -. $71000 registered fours of
1907 at l«»V*[@1086/ 8 : $8000 do coupons at 109%
&103, and 82W0 registered fives. at 112%. Va
<-"rain.
FLOUR-Steady; winter wheat, low grades
$1 7602 25: do patents, $3 BOOS SO: Minnesota
ssjpjip^ do patems ' f:i ]5r * 4 - *-"
2<l2 < 1 0 H Brandyw^ <^lL yell ° WeSter "' * 2 ° @
RV E— Dull; Western. 38c f. o. b.
BARLEY— Quiet; '49 Jb sucks quoted 32c £. o h_
i;.m;li.v M ALT- Western, 48@53c.4 B@s3c. " Ec *• °- "•
WHEAT- Spot market dull, easier with op
tions: Northern^vic""^^ red, 561 ito6«ikc-
No. 1 Northern, 64' -c -»«#"» ,*»-.
Opllons-Seady at, 58% c: decline on lower
West; September and December most active-
July 61c: _ August, 6ls/ ac; September, ei^c; De
cember, 6334 c. '*
CORN— .no. -A 33c elevator; 34c afloat
options lower, closing weak; September most
™, IV n :MUI: M Ulj '-.«;^A,'> 3 » 3 /8c; October,
33*4c:May, 35J/4t035.y c. '
OATS— Firm.
Options dull: July 20S/ 8 c; August. 19% c;
September, 193^c: No. 2 white July, 2U/ac '
s,,ot prices: 3.20^.-: No. 2 white. "21% c;
So. 2 Chicago. 21J/ 3 c; No. 3. 193^0: No 3 while
ShftesS&^afl&lE** 11 ' ' 2 @"V B c: white do and
fee 1 BIUX- 50@50W.c
MIDDLINOS-603621^
RYE— Feed, 55c. "
« roviMlon*.
■S -h » - ST PI - F * m "V- *8 50@9: extra mesß.
a rf' : Beef hams, Inactive, $H^i 3 ; tlerced beef,
dii.l. steady; city extra India megs. $ll@l3r cut
meats, firmer: pickled bellies, 41 rfl r 53i C r pickled
shoulders, «#4^C; pickled ham«. 4 ®l6c.
I, A I;D -Qiiit-;. Western steam. 84 07V» bid
riNAJVCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMbELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1054
BRANCH OFKICE
6'J3 Market SU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PURDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist Nat >nal Bank, S. F.
city, $3; July, $4 07^: refined lower, dull: conti
nent, $4 35; south American, 94 75: compound, 4
(a 4l 4 c.
PORK— Dull; old mess, 97 25@8 25; new mess,
$8 50<$K 75.
BUTTER— Quiet. State dairy, 12@15c: do
crr>maerr, 11V><!«1BV2C: Western dairy. 9@l2c; I
creamery. IHV<Uf>V; do factory, bfajllc; Elglns, |
15c: imitation creamery, 10@12c
CHEESE— State large, f>i @6%c; full skims,
lVa@-c.
i*iii;s- Firm; Western fresh, ll@13c; do per
case, $1 50@3.
TALLOW— Weak; city, 3y B @3Vic; country, Sy 8
33/gc.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet; Crude, 20@21c; yel
low, prime. 25c asked : do off grade, '^4s. 4 c.
RnslN — Dull. Strained, common to good,
$1 67y,®l 70.
TURPKNTINE-Easy; 25l^@25s^c
POTATOES— Choice, steady.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic fair to extra, 3@n :f 4 c;
Japan, •',;•»' 4
molasses— Moderate demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
CO* l-'EK— Steady, unchanged to 10 points up.
September. *10 75@10 80: December. $10 20. Spot
Rio dull, steady: No. 7, 13@l»VsC
SUGAR— Raw, nominal." Fair refining. 3c; cen
trifugal 96 test. «i 2 c; refined, lower and quiet;
off A, 4y4@4s/ 8 c %> lb; mola A, sc: standard A,
4%c; confectioners- A. 4fysc; cut loaf 5s/ 8 c;
crushed. SS/ c: powdered, sc; granulated, 4*40;
cubes, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— London layers, 91; three- crown, 5@
6y c.
PEACHES— Peeled, V a, 12@13c; do unpeelea,
7@Hc.
APRICOTS— Bags, a <a9c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 5c
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged.
WOOL— Firm, unchanged.
- ■ Merchandise.
no IRON— Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER-Dull: lake. Sll 25ff11l 50.
LEAD— Firm: domestic, *3 02U@3 05.
TIN — Firmer; Strait* *13 55@13 65.
PLATES—
fcPJiLitK-Dull: domestic, C 4 05^4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., July Trading was dull and
uninteresting today. Local operators furnished
much of the orders. Prices were easy on large
Northwestern receipts, 1107 cars, on lower cables
and generally unsatisfactory statistical news. The
visible supply decreased 661.000 bushels. Sep
tember wheat opened from 55 % cto 55 %c, sold be- J
tween 56Vsc and 556 /B e, closing at 657 /8 c *c un
der Friday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
205 cars.
CORN— Corn was equally as dull and quite as
weak as wheat, deriving its motive and inspira
tion from that grain. Receipts were 947 cars,
and 426.700 bushels were taken from store. Liv- j
erpool cables were lower. The visible supply in- |
creased 340,000. September corn opened at"27c.
sold between 26y 8 c and 27c to 27y B e, closing at j
27c, yy 8 c under Friday. Estimated receipts for !
to-morrow. 876 cars.
OATS— Quietness prevailed in oats, and sym- i
pathy with wheat and corn governed the changes.
R-ceipts were 364 cars. September closed J^c 10 !
Vie lower. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
475 cars.
FLAX— Was weak. Cash sold at 72c; Septem- '
ber, 71Vi@75V2c: December, 73@773,ic Receipts
were 41 cars.
PROVISIONS— Started firm on a good hog mar- >
ket, but later declined with the other commodi- :
ties. Covering purchases steadied prices toward ,
the close. September pork closed unchanged; '
September lard. 2VsC to 6c lower; September ribs, 1
2 Vic Higher.
BUTTKR— The butter market was dull and I
steady to-day.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10(all2c: imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies—
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, 10@,10y 2 c; firsts, BV%@9c; packing stock,
{•c; roll, 6vg,7c-
EGGS— Were fairly active and steady. Fresh '
stock sold at 9 Va@IOV3C f, dozen.
MONEY— Was s@b% on call and 6% on time
loans- .New York exchange was quoted at par.
Closing Price*.
WHKAT-July, 54% c; September, 55 % c: De- •
cember, 57*4 .
CORN— Juiy, 26Vic; September. 27c; May,
29J4C.
1 vis- July. 15c: September. 15i/ 8 c; May, :
17»4c.
1 oßK— September, $6 S2y,; January. $7 62V4- ■■
LARD— September, *3 87 V 3:V 3 : January, *4 20.
hliib- SeptemDer, $3 7ai^; January, *3 b5.
Livestock.
UNION PTOCKYARDS. Ir.r-. July 6.- Choice
cattle were steady, but inferior kinds were weak
and lower to-day. Hogs were strong to 5c higher,
closing with the advance lost. Sheep were in
good demand and strong.
CATTLE — Receipts. 16,000. Fancy beeves.'
f4 55(&4 65: cnolce to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound |
steers. $4 25C<£4 50: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1700 pounds. 34 10&4 20: medium steers. 1000 \
to 1350 pounds, 5 J HIM 4 05; common to lair steers,
950 to 1200 pounds. $3 »0&4 05: leeders,
SOOto 1200 pounds. $345@3 85; common to choice '
stockers, *2 6tKs3 45: Dulls, cnoice 10 extra, t'l HO ■
©3 25: cows and heifers, extra, $8 75@4; cows,
lair to choice, 92 oOu&'S 50: cows, common to fair
canners'. $l(m^ 25: calves, good to choice.
$4 00 45 10: caves, common to good, «H®4 50;
i Texas fed steers, $3 20&4 05; Texas cows, bulls ana '
oxen. $1 75(gi3 10; milkers ana springers, per head,
*'.'0(a40; Texas grass steer*. 92 sO(a>3 15. -
11OU8- Receipts. 26,000. Heavy packlns ana j
shipping lots, $3 0533 40: common 10 choice j
mixed. s'A lbld,'S 50: choice assorted. *3 5003 60; <
Hi.- lit, 53 30t»3t>0: pics. s'^ 75^3 56.
bllttr- Receipts. 15.00 a inferior to cnolc*.
Jl!fe4: lambs, *2 76^625.
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 6.— Porter Bros. Com- '
pany sold California fruit to-day at open auction
to-day as follows: Prunes— $2 10@2 65 ;
per half crate: Mmoni, 55c@$2 30. Pears—Bart
letts, fl 20@2 45 per box; Comet, $1 80. Plums-
Abundance, 9165(^,190 per half crate; Japan,
91 85; Peach. $1 60@l 75; others, 75c to «1 25.
Apricots— Bl 15 per half crate. Peaches— Hales
Early, 56c@$l 55. Figs— $1 06 per 10-pound
boxes. Apples— 6sc per lu-pouna boxes.
CHICAGO. 1 1.1. . July 6.— The Kan Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Union auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Prunes-
Tragedy, $1 75(gi2 25 per half crate; Sl
moni, 90c@$l *,0. I'lums — Burbank. $155 '
tl 70 per half crate; Royal Hatlve, $1 10 :
(a.l 45: St. Catherine, *1 15@1 35; Sat- 1
suma, $1 40. Peaches— John, 91 30@l 80 per i
box; Hale's Early, $1 15(a-l 35. Pears— Bartletts, i
«1 50@2 25 per box, Apricots— Royal, 85c@$l 10 !
per half crate.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy atl@2Vfe%; lost loan
at 2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile
paper. 6@5%%- Bar silver, 685/gc. Mexican dol- j
lars, 53»/4@54%c. Sterling Excljanse weak, with !
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87@4 87Vi j
for 60 days and 94 88184 881/4 for demand. Posted j
rates. $4 H7i/ 2 (<v4lS9Va- Commercial bills, $4 86@ ;
4 86y 3 . Government bonds steady: Slate bonds
dull; railroad bonds firm. Silver at the board was
quiet. •
CXOHINO STOCK*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 Norfolk & W'estrn. 3
Alcblson 14 Preferred. 11%
Preferred 20y a Northern Pacific. HVi •
Adams Express 145 I Preferred 91/2
Alton. Terre Haute 69 Northwestern. 99 I
American Expression I Preferred. . 14S
American Tobacco. 60*4 N. Y. Central 95%
Preferred 95 N.Y..C'hicago<t>*.L. 12 I
BayStateGas 19V2 Ist preferred 68
Baltimore & Ohio.. IBVs 2d preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. Hz N. Y.&Jf. H, 170
buffalo, Roch «fe P. 18V 2 N. Y. A New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific 61 N. V., Susq A W... 8
Canada Southern.. 4« i Preferred... . 2lVa ;
Canton Land 50% Ontario liy.
Central Pacific 141/, Ontario A Western 14
Ches. A Ohio A Oregon Improvmnt Vi I
Chicago Alton 154 Preferred
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. A Q.... 71-'< Oregon Short Line. IOV2
Chtcaco AE. 111... 41 1 Pacific Mail 21 ] ' 2
Pi erred 99 Peoria, V.A Evans iy2 !
I Chicago Gas 67% Plttsburg«fe W. pfd 15
Clevei Pittsbiirg.l64 Pullman Palace.. . .150
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Gas..ls3VSi! Preferred .  13
C. C. C. & St. Louis Reading 13 / i
Preferred. 70 ißloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel * iron.. 2OV2' Preferred. . .. 40
Preferred 100 , Kock Island 61*/ 8
Cotton Oil Cert — 16 Rome WatAOgden.ll4
Commercial Cable. I*o St. L. <fe S. W 3V*i i
Dei. Hudson. 124 i Preferred 9
Del.LockifcWestrn. 155 St. Paul .. 7514
Denver R. G 13Vi Preferred.'."".*""... 127y* I
Preferred 67 St. Paul <t Duluth. 18
Distillers 13% l Preferred 80V4 ;
General Electric... 26 St. Paul A Omaha. 30
Erie -• 16 I Preferred 123^3 i
Preferred 34 ;Bt. P. M. & M 109 j
Fort Wayne 160 suver Certificates. 69
Great Northern pfd 110 iSouthern Pacific... 18V4
Green Bay Vi Southern R. 9
Harlem 284 | Preferred 25%'
Hocking Coal iVijSugar Refinery ...108*s
Hocking Valley.... 16y 2 Preferred lOOVa 1
Homestake. 33 Term. Coal & Iron. 20%
H.& Texas Cent...—- Preferred 90
Illinois Central 83 Texas Pacific 714
lowa Central n Tol.A. N. -Mich'.
Preferred 28 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... HVi Preferred. ... 70
Preferred 22 Tol.Si.Louis&K-C. ft
KincstonJt Pern... 3 ' Preferred 5
Lake Erie A Westn 17 1/4 Union Paclnc! '."". 7
I L^lTh'" 1 »« '/2 U. J>. Den & Quit. . 2
Lakeshore 147 U. S. Coraage IV»
National Lead 21% preferred BY* I
Preferred. 85 Guaranteed 17
Long Island... 74 U. 8. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 49 1,* U. S. Leather " 714, I
Louisville N a 73 A Preferred... .'.'.■;:; 67v*
Preferred 35 U. S. Rubber. 16V4
Manhattan Consol. 86% Preferred. " 73
Memphis Charls. 15 mica AB. River .150
Mexican Central. 9 A\ ab. s. L. A Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 94 Preferred 16V,
Mnn&B.L. Wells-Fargo.. .95
Preferred -; Western Union.... 82
Minn A st. L com. 70 Wisconsin Central 1
Istpreierred 46 Wheeling AL. E.. BY*
preferred 40 , Preferred 306/«
Missouri Pacific.. 20 %' Am Cotton Oil pfd. 61
Mobile Ohio 18V3 ; W. U. Beef 7
Nashville A Chau. 68 Ann Arbor .'.'. ."" 714,!
National Linseed.. 171/2 Preferred... 22V4
v .V C ? ntral . 100% j Brooklyn Traction. 21Vk I
North American ... 4fy B lKrle 'id pfd 1 8 %
CXOBINO BONDS.
0 F i«, reßlstered..lOßi / 4;M X T 2ds B8
Do 4s. coupon 109 i'Do 4s "• rs
0 S4snew,regstrdlies/,:MutualUnVon6s""ll4
Do 4s, c0up0n... .1165/,|N j Cent Gen ss'"ll7iA
I) » 2 «— •-.. 85 |No«hernPaclsts;il3Vi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ,TTTLY 7, 3 896.
DoSs 11254 DoSds.. 110
1 o os, coupon 1128/4 DoSds . . 67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols. 140
Do 1897 100 - Do deb 5s 110
Do 1898.... 100 ORANlsta. .108
Do 1899 100 StLdtlronMtGenss 77^
Pacific 48 of '96.... St L A 8 F Gen 65.110V2
DCS-655.... 109 ViSt Paul C0n5015.. ..1288a
Ala Class A 45..... 103 St PC A Palsts...ll7
Do Class B 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts..Ho
LaConsol 4s 95V4 Southern R R 55... 89 V.
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsis. 84
N Carol IDa con 65.. 130 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 19
Eo*s 100 Union Pac lsts 96.1 OH Vi
So Carolina 4Vss... 102 West Shore 45.. 104
Term new 3s 80 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 63Vi
Va funding debt... 66V2 R Grande West lsts 74
Do registered Ches A Ohio 55....10rfU,
Do deferred 65... 55 AUhleon 4s 78V«
Do trust rcpts st. 106 Do2dsA.. .. 391/1
Canada South 100 GH*B A6s 101
Cen Pac lstsof '9s.lHVs Do2d 7s 96
Den P.G Ist 9in .] il * Tex Cent 65..106V3
D 045.... 63 Docon6s. 102
Erle2ds «m, ,: z Reading 4s 76%
Kansas Pa Consols 1 1 Mlbsoun bs 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divl j 3 |
i <>Xl K.N MARKETS.
■WHEAT IX I-IVKBPOOt.
LIVERPOOL. Eno.. July 6.— The spot market
Is steady at 6s 2V*|d. Cargoes steady at 265, sellers
prompt shipment.
t FtrrnßKsv
Tne Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter:
July, 459:>4«1; August. Is 9'^d; September, 4s
9 < 4 <l; October, 4s 9 5 ,4 d: November, 4s lOVid.
KKOURJTIKS.
LONDON. Kxh., July 6.— Consols. IIS »-16;
silver, 31 7-16 d; French Rentes. 10 If 70c.
IXi 11 \Ni.l AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ *4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 89
Sterling Cables _ •;-'■'■„
New York Exchange, sight — 12V2
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 16
Fine silver, «l ounce — 68»A
Mexic*a DoUars 5414 64%
PRODUCE MARKET.
Note-As the Produce Exchange Is not In ses
sion., quotations for grain cannot be given.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-Quotable at 515@16 60 i* ton.
MIDDLINGS— «17 M>@lß 50 ft ton for lower
grades and SI 'JO f ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, *16@15*50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; Jobbing, $ 22-
Cottonseed oilcake is out of market.
HAY— There is plenty coming in to satisfy all
wants, and the market Is weak. New Wheat, $7 50
#10; New Wheat and Oat. $7@9: new Oat, $&a.H
new llarley, $6@B: River Barley, $4 50@5; Alfal
fa. $6446 50; new Clover, St>@7 60.
UTltAW— au@4oc bale.
BBAVd AND SEEDS.
BEANS— whole marKet Is weak, but colored
sorts are particularly so. Kayos are quotable at
90@95c; Small Whites, $1,15@1 25; Pea, $1 20
(£1 40; Large Whites, POaafl 05; Pink. 75@85c:
Reds, $1 10@l BO: Blackeye. $] 60®l 60; Red
Kidney, nominal: Limits. *2 35@2 55: Butters,
$1 35@1 50 for small and $1 60@l 75 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at *1 50<a
88S«Ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 ft oil: Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40(a,l 50: Flax. $1 70@l 80: Canary. 4
V tt.; Alfalfa, ~Va&9V2 * lb: Rape. 2i^"c*&;
Hemp. 3y,c ft tb.
DRIED PEAS— 1 25@1 40 $ ctl for Mies and
$1 25<jg)l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTAT9ES— The market Is lower. Garnet Chiles
76@90c f, ctl: Peerless. 70@90c: Early Rose, In
sacks, 60@7&c; Karly Hose In boxes, 75@80c; Bur
bunk Seedlings. $l(gil 25 "$ ctl.
ONIONS— White, 35«,50c: Red, 18@25c •$ ctl.
VEGETABLES— Summer rquash Is In larger
supply again and lower. Green Corn quotable at
75c(g,?l 28 •*» sk: Aiameda Corn, $1 50@2 "$ crate;
Summer Squash.3s<g,sOc tor liar: Egg Plant. 12y 2 c;
Tomatoes, *1 sO(at'J 50 "£ bx: Cucumbers. 50(a76c;
AluiiiHiiH Cucumbers, $1 '2b&'2: Asparagus. $1®
2 50; Khubaro. 25&30 C: Dried Peppers. 6® 12 i^c
V 1b: Cireen Peppers, 10@12y a c "H tt> for Chile and
f It for Bell: Green Peas. sOc6ztsl %4 sack
for common and 2'a.'2\^c %* lb for Garden: string
Hum. '2(«4c for common ana s@dc for Qarden:
Ureen Ukra, 16c %> It; Cabbage, 46@50c t* Ctl:
Garlic, 2@2i£c ft tt>.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Nothing new. Market well stocked.
Creamery— Fancy, 14Vs@15c; seconds. 14c
Sib.
DAIRY-Fancy, 13@13V2C: good to choice. 12®
12V=c: lower grades, ll@ili^a .
CHEESE— Is In abundant supply at previous
prices. Fancy mild new, 6@6Vic fl lb; common
to good. 5(55y 3 c: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7^Bc V 1L; Western, 10®llc; Eastern,
12@12Vic
EciGS— Stocks are large and the market Is easy
and dull. Eastern Eggs. 9@l2c: store Eggs, 10®
lie: ranch liggs, 12(ai4c; Duck Eggs, 12313 c *
aoz.
POCLTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Receipts are too light to change
quotations, as It is a season of holidays at present.
Live Turkeys, 16@17c for Gobblers, 15@16c for
Hens; Geese, ? pair. 90c@$l: Ducks, $2 60@3 for
, old and $3@4 '$ dozen for young: Hens. $3 60a
; 4 60: Roosters, young, $5(»7: do, old. $4<s4 50 «a
doz: Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3(4,3 50 lor large
and S2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(g»l 50 V* doz
for young and old.
c> a ME— Nominal.
DKtIDIOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Peaches and Apricots continue to bring good
j prices, and the latter are very firm.
Peaches. 60@85c %* box. and 60@75c « basket.
Plums, 26(jx6Qc f» box.
Cherry Plums nominal.
Apples, 25(g,40c «». smart box and 60@85c f> large
box.
Pears— 2s@6oc ?». box Bartletta, «L
Apricots. 35@65c "p box, 20@50c » basket and
*18<ft-.'5 f ton in bulk.
Figs, 25@35c V box for single and 40(365c « box
for nouble layers.
BERKlES— Arrivals of all kinds except currants
! were 1001 cheats and the market continued well
i stocked.
strawberries, $3@5 * chest for Longworths and
: f 2@3 for large berries.
Raspberries, $i 50(ai4 60 « chest.
Blackberries, $-'($3 ? chest.
Currants, $2 50@4 5«) "# chest.
| UK APES — Thompson's Seedless from Yuma,
$1 75(£2 «> crate.
CITRUS FRUITS-Llmes are lower. Oranges
are quotable at $1 60@2 25 > box for Seed
lings, $3@3 50 ft box for Navels, and $2@3 **
box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1
@2 for common and $2 50@3 for good to choice-
Mexican Limes, $5 sOf<v6: Bananas, *l£g)2 %4 buuca;
| Pineapples, *I@4 r dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
The Peach market has not yet opened. Apricots
. and Raisins continue firm and the latter are in
lively demand at 2i^c »4 lb In the sweat-box.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, l^@2c f( lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced and 4f£4i£c for evaporated;
Peaches, ?@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 7©Be
, for pi line to choice. for fancy and lOftfillc >,
tt. for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2 VBcV 8 c for im
pressed: White Figs. 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c »n>
I for evaporated halves, 3Vjs@6c $ lb for quarters-
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums. 3y 2 c i» lb for pitted and
lVi(S2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3Va4Bsc %* It for
prime to choice and 5i 2 c or fancy
Jobbing PBicES-i-.vaporaiea apples. 4<asc
f lb; sun-dried, lW*2c: Peaches. S%®sc ana «c
for fancy; peeled in bbxes,l2Vic^ lb; Prunes, 3W:
«^/ our Blzes ' 41/ i« c for 40@60's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricots. 7@9c lor prime to choice,
lOfall for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3Vic;
White Figs, 3T«5c: Pears, 8c f, tb tor evapo rated
halves and 4<g,7V2C for quarters: Plums. 3iA(a4c
tor pitted and l(g,li /3 c forunplttea; Nectarines,
4445 c > ft> for prime to choice.
RAlSlNS— prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
p. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown. 2i /2 c > Ib: seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, l»4c: 3-crown London lay
ers, «0c f. box: clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clus
ters. $2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, 92 60@2 75
Jobbino Pbic«»— Four-crown loose, none: 3
crown, 3@:<i/ic * ft,; 2-«rown. 3c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft m ; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 60(31 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 GO; Imperial clusters, $2 75.
ISL IS — Quotations - are as follows: . Wal
nuts, 9@llc lor No. 1 hard and Il@l3c * Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7v 2 c for
Languedoc and BVs@loc for paper-shell, jobbing-
Peanuts, «©6Vac > ft for Eastern and for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
2£. d ,» c -L or P°" she<l : Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts,
6©loc^ Ib: Cocoanuts. $4 S(Vo»S f" 100.
«i K £*^ VY ~ Comb l O@l'«sV / 3C *" lb for bright and 8
«*Bc ft lb for lower grades: water-white extracted,
6@SV2C v tt.: light amber extracted, 4Vi(a>4 /ic;
dark amber, 4c; dark. '2®Hc
BEESWAX-25®J7l^ f, ft.
PROVISIONS.
The expected advance In Bacon has occurred.
Hams continue firm. Lard shows no change.
CURED ME ATS- Bacon Is quotable at 6V»c f, lb
for heavy, 7^c f, lb for light medium, 9®8%0 for
light. 10@llc for extra liebt and 12c for sugar
c.,a: eastern Sugar-cured Ham.-. 12@12V2<;:
California Hams, 10y 2 @llc %> lb: Mess Beef, $7<&B
extra mess do. $8 50(^9: famUv do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear. $14 * bbl:
mess, $12 50«lo ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c %< Ib
L ARC— Eastern, tierces is quoted at sV*c > Ib
for compound and 6 Vic for pure; palls. 7c V Ib:
California tierces. 4>Vic for compound nd 6c tor
pure: haif-bbln. 6Vic; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-tt,. 7Vir
y^^i^unj-^ 6 in tlerCM and - < * 71^ c
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The market Is steady
enough, but dull. Heavy salted steers, 7@7v^c
?* Ib; culls and brands. 6@6V«c » tb: medium,
6e6y 2 c f, lb; culls and brands, 6@siAc f, tt>: light.
6c: culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides, s@siAc- culls
and brands. 4@4V2C: salted Kip. 6c f* fb- salted
Calf. 7<&Bc: salted Veal, 6c:drv Hides, 10V@llc
cullsand brands, B©BVj,c; dry Kip and Veal, Ba9c :
culls. r 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins'
20@35ceach: Kids. sc; Deerskins. cood summer'
30c: medium. 15@25c: winter, 7@loc; Sheer^
skins, shearlings. 10@15c each: short wool. 20®
35c each: mealum. 40@50c each; long wools 60a
60c each. Culls of all kinds about Vac less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3V4@3Vic- No 2
Sc; refined, ByaSS^c; Grease, 2V a o *aT
\\ OOL-The general tone of the market Is steady,
but as it is a holiday season trade is not brisk at
t ,i. e . moment - Humboldtand Mendoclnoquotableat
10@12c ■=* It): Valley Oregon, 9®llc ft Ib; do
lower grades. B@loc f> !b; Nevada, 6®9c i» lb;
ban JOaquin and Southern Coast, six months, 4®6c;
San Jonquil), foothill, good to choice. 7@Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4V%<a6Va<s; northern free,
-(5.9»: do defective, 6@6i^? •$ i.
■UOPS-Nomlnal at lV2<3»3c ft lb.
GENERAL MKKCIIANDISE.
BAOS— Calcutta Grain «azs, spot. $4 25: San
Qucntln, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24Va@26VaC
COAL— Wellington. $8 t>. ton; New Wellington,
£8 f* ton; Pouthßeld Wellington. $7 50 V ton:
Seattle, $5@5 60; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
\\allsend, $7: Sootcn, »7 50; Brymbo, $750;
Cumberland, $ll@la m bulk and $l»@i4 In ska;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, #7 60; Coke,
$11@12 In bulk and Si: 1 . * ton in sks. ;/
CANNED FRUITS— New pack of Cherries, black
or red— »- Ib extra. $2 60 >» dozen: 2i' a stand
ards, $1 65@2; seconds, $1 55<g>l 85. White Cher
ries— 3- tt, extra, $B@3 50; 21^-tt. standards, $1 90«$
1 J5. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie. $2®J 50;
yellow cling. 2V2-lb standards, $125® 140: sec
onds, $1 Jo@l 30; gallon pie. «2®2 50; white
cling, 2%-lb standards, $1 2.Vg»l 45. Apricots—
95c@$l 3?; 21/2-lb pie, 75@85c: gallon pie, $2®
a2t». Grapes-Uaaon pie. $2(ai 2 25. Raspberries—
-'1/,-Ib standards, $1 36@1 80: seconds, $1 30®
I 65 strawberries— 2 1-0-Ib standards, $135(«175;
seconds. $1 30@l 55. •
CANNED V KUETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c '$
dozen. 21/2- tb tins. Peas. $l(g)l 25 * dozen.
«,V^ 9TA ki ca— lß3 / i@2oJ,ic" for good to prime; 18
@19c for good mixed with black bean»; 163. 4
I 1I 1 3 c for fair; 13V»®16Vac for common to ordi
nary. ■
Salvador— 18(»19Vic for good to prime washed;
1 ii/4@173, 4 c ■$ ttff or lair washed; 19y @20c for
good washed peaberry; 17@17i^c for superior
u ''" as . ned: 16%@163/ic for good green unwashed;
19@19V*c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala ami Mexican— 2oV»@'JlV4c for
prime to strictly prime washed; 19($'J0c for
good to strictly good washed: mAt&lSSic for fair
washed; Ib@i7l.4c for medium; 14V4@15»/4c for
ordinary; l'^(^l4c for Inferior to common; 20»A@
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; 19@19Vic
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
FISH-Paciflc Cod, catch of 1895: 100-Ib cases
quotable at 6c •& n.; 50- bundles, 6c ft lb: Si'rer
King Strips, 8c %( in: Narrow-Uauge do, 7c * lb:
Tablets, Hi- V lb; Seabright Blocks, 7y 2 c; Pacific
Herring. 18c 9 box; Dutch do. $I@l 25 » keg:
White Fish, SI 60 111 half-bbls and $1 75 In kits;
Tongues and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$80; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: haif-bbls-No. 1,
$12 50; No. 2, $11; No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1.52;
No. •_', $1 60; No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSILVER— for export at $34<g>36
T Mask.
OlL— California Castor OH, cases. No. 1, 95c;
bbls, 90c « gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil In bbls, boiled, 48c: do raw, 46c: cases, 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 55c:
No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c higher; China Nut, $4 50 m
$4 80 V case.
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— The Stan
dard Oil Company quotes as follows: Water-white
Ml Oil, in bulk, 12VsC: Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c;
Astral, do, 19c; Star.do, 19c; Extra star Oil. In
cases, 23c; Elaine, do, 24c; Eocene, do, 21c;
Deoaorlzed Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 14c: do, lit
cases, l»i, 2 c; 03°. Deodorized Naphtha, In bulk,
13c; 63° do. in cases. 18»Ac; 86° Gasoline, In bulk,
20c; 86° do. in cases. 25c ? gal.
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 6V 2 c ft lb.
RED LEAD-Qnotable at 6y 2 C£ lb.
TIRPENI INE-Incases, 39c; Iron barrels, 34c:
wooden barrels, 3tic gallon.
CANDLES-Granite Candles, 6s, 16 02. are
Quotable at 9Vic; do, 14 oz, Bi/»c; do, 12 oz, 73ic:
0, 10 oz, 7c: Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
8c: do, 14 oz, 714 c; do, 12 oz, e^c: do, 10 oz,
6y 3 c; Parafllne Wax Candles, white. Is, 2s, 4k, 6s
and 12s. 14 oz, 9c: assorted colors, same sizes. 10c.
LEATHER — Quotations remain undisturbed.
Extra heavy Sole. 26@28e: heavy Sole. 27c for No.
1 and 25c for No. 2; medium Sole, 24@26c for No. 1
and 22c for No. 2. Light sole, 23@24c for No. 1 and
20@22C$ lb for No. 2: Harness, heavy, 30(0.35c:
do, medium, 28c; do, light, 24@25c; Hough
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, $40@46 1* doz; Calf, 70®
90c: Rough Splits, 4@sc
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Company
Quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Flue Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6Vic;
Confectioners' A, 5y 8 c; Magnolia A, /8 c; Extra
c. i' 3 c: Golden C, 43/ gC ; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
SYRUP— Golden, 111 bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
¥ gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKKT.
nogs continue to creep up. The other kinds are
unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
iroin slaughterers are aa follows:
BEEF— First quality, sc; second do, 4Va@4Sic:
third do, 3V @4c f- tb.
VEAL— Large. 4<g,sc; small, s@6c f. lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, sc: Ewes. 4@4Vic fl lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 5(d,5' 2 c i? tt>.
POHK— Live Hogs. 3V»@3i/,c {I lb tor large and
3.V M ®3;*ic ior small ana medium; dressed do, 4' 2
@6c
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts, 9&10 c each: Redwood, $5 T? cord; Oak,
rough. $6 50: peeled, $9; Plue, $5 75.
'1 ANBARK— $14 f, cord.
UMBER— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough, $13@17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2,
$11: No. 1 Flooring, $-Jl(g,2t3; I.ath, $'J: Redwood,
$lbtor No. 1 and $13 for No. X; Rustic, $18(g ) -. > 3;
Shingles, common, $1 30; shakes, $9 % M.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Stock and Bond Exchange was In session
yesterday, but the" oth>r boards were closed. None
of them will be In session to-day.
The weeily reports from the Comstock are as
follows: consolidated California and Virginia,
1000 level— West eross -lit 2 from the north drift
from the Consolidated Virginia shaft -tHtion.
started a: a point 550 feet north of the station, or
86 feet south from the north boundary lii.c of the
mine, has been extends 25 feet, passing through
harder porph;- ry showing clay seams and lines of
quartz of low assay value; total length, 461 feet.
1660 lev»l— On the ninth floor (the first floor
above the .sill floor of this level) the south ilritt
from the east CrMacal from the drift run south
from the end of the slope has been exteixlt.lv."..'
feet. pnxilMg thr.'iis;ti porphyry, clay and quartz
assaying )»1 per ion: total length, 403 feet. 1760
lev.l— l'r.'Mi the 1 1. irt.-f-Mtli. fourteenth, sixteenth
and twenty first Hours ahov.-tlie sill floor of this
level, at the north end m the stope In old ground
of loriner workings «'■ have ixiiacted 90 tons of
ore, :he average as.say value of which. |>er samples
taken from cars iri tbe iniuc. was $63 27 per ton.
Wt have resumed work In to* ■Orfhwaat drift
from the nptalaa wliiih was carried up from t lie
northwest drift from the main west drift from the
< . .V C shall, 50 feet above the sill floor of this
level. We have continue*) tilling In with fine rock
the open stope or square sets at the south end of
the openlnss above the level. The total extrac
tion of ore for the week amounted to 90 tons, the
average assuv value of which, per samples taken
from cars when raised to the surface, was $69 38
per ton.
In the Opbir mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 1 from the sooto drift, 70 feet north of the con.
Cal. it Virginia boundary, is in 416 feet. The face
is In porphyry showing clny seams an<l narrow
streaks of quartz of low assay va ue. In the cross
cut from the north lateral drift on the 1000 level
(tne Mevican erosicut) no change of importance
has occurred. In the old Centra! tunnel workings
of the ophlr a little prospecting Is still being done
and some small streaks of low grade quartz are
being found.
In ih- I'nion Consolidated mine the east crosscut
from the SOD til drift lit a point 50 feet south from
the upraise 1 IT, feet vertically above the sill floor
of the 900 level has been advanced during the
week lf> feet total lenftll 15; face In porphyry and
clay, i-.ast crOMtul t* lrom the north lateral' drift
at a point 7.*) feet north from » as; crosscut 7 was
advanced 17 feet, total length 37 feet; face in
porphyry.
In the sierra Nevada mine quartz and porphyry
are still showing in the face 01 east crosscut 2 from
the north lateral drift in tbe Layton tunnel work
ings.
In the Savage mine (Comslock workings) on the
850 level they continue to slope some ore nor'h
aud south from the upraise and upward to tnu 750
level. The slopes continue to look tibout the same
as at elate of last report. Theon- yieln for the past
week was I*'.' carloads Of the average assay value
of $28 10 per ton. shipped to the Nevada mill
126 tons of ore and milled 150 tons; average hnt
lery a-says of same $29 54. They have bullion
on hand at the mill of the assay vaiueoi.f 3106 70.
On the 750 level they have retimbered the main
south drif. trom the station a distance of 250 i.et.
At this point they opened and retimbered a wmze
connecting with a north drift from ihe top of the
850 level ore slopes- This connection affords
good ventilation and facilitates prospecting the
850 level.
Con. Cal. A Virginia, Best A Belcher an<l Goula
A cuny (Brunswick lode)-shaft 2 -This shaft
was sunk 9 feet on the incline, total depth •.■66
feel: bottom in Imrd porphyry <iould & Curry
tunnel— East crosscut 4 started in the tunnel has
been extended 26 feet and discontinued, total
length 80 feet; face in porphyry. Have start, d
from the end 01 the tunnel. 800 feet from the
mouth, west crosscut 5 and extended it 26 feet
passing through quartz and porphyry showing
some value. •
Savage (Brunswick lode)— Shaft I— The Joint
north drift 200 level is now advanced 309 feot
10 feet having been added during the week. From
the face of this drift an cast crosscut was started
and advanced 12 feet; face in quartz, clay and
porphyry.
bXOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 6-2 p. M.
rNITED STATUS BONDS.
Ji»l. Atked.\ Bid. Atked.
TJS4sconp..loßi/» - lU S4s reg...109y» —
Do new issuellO^llTVjil
MISCJCLLANKOUS RONIM.
Cal-stCbless. 109 — 1 PacßollM6s. — _
Cal£lecL6sll7Va _ |Do2d Is 65. . . — ■ —
CntraCW6s 95 97Va P* ° «>' Us. 105 120 •
Dpnt-stex-cp 9f. 100 P&Ch Ry 6s. — 107
Edsn L4P6sll7Va — Pwl-st RRBs. — 116 V«
F4CHKR6S.IOS - Reno.WL&L — • 105
Geary-stRSs. - 105 Sacto PAL. — lOJVi
Los Auk I. — 99 SF&NPRSS. — 99
DoGateedSs — 103 SPRRAriz6s 93 9b
Mkt-stCble6sl2O — SPRRCaI6s.IOdV%IU
I>oßyCou6s.. 1053/ i — : SPR!U'al6s. —: t — •
NalVin6slsl 96 _ SPBrRCal6s. — 993 A
£evCNgR7s. J»5 105 |i»V Water6s.. 1 191/4, • -
c< KK6s - - 108 SVWateris.. 99 V 3 993/ i
NRy Cal 68.105 107% StktnOAE 0s — 100
>RyCal6s. _ 100. :S U ns;TAT6s. — -
Oak Gas ss. .100 104V 3 su!ter-stßss.lOßVitO9ii
Do 2d is 55.. 1043,4 105 V* VlsallaWC6s - _
Onjuibus os 118i /2 — I
WATKR STOCKS
Contra Costa 37 40 1 San Jose - -
MarinCo.... 50 _ |s O rng Valley 98«>i -
GAS STOCKS.
J^P"*!- - 30 Pacific Llaht - 48tA
nS%*"X*S 252 5 ~ SanFrancsco 94 9414
OakOLAH 52 521^. Btockton..... - 21l£
Pacbaslmp. 863,4 87^
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's Fd 170 — jspn 25 50
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — LondonP&A. — 13814
Anglo-Ca1.... 515.1 — London&SF. — 271/,
BankofCal.. — 240 Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal 8 DdfcTCo 54 — Nevada — —
FirstNacionL — lß7JA|Sather B Co. — —
Grangers ;... — — |
HAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
RerS*LCo.l34o — SavALoan.. — 100
HunibS&LllOO 1450 Security 250 380
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7stl —
BFsavUnion — 490 |
STRKBT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 _ Oak sutll&y — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 Presidio 7 9
Market-st 4414 44^ Sutter-st — —
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 16 — Giant C0n. ... 34 24%
Eastern D... 76 80 Judson D.... — —
California... 75 100 iVlgorlt. — 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 90 95 ,Nat Vln Co. 76 —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic 19 2414
Cal <01 Mills - - PacAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Lij;htl2o 120J£ Pac Roll Mill - —
GasConAssn. — — Part PaintCo 6Vi 7Va
GerLeadCo. 85 — . PaeTmnsUo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 19 20V*i'Pac T&T Co. 75 100
HutrhSPCo 32 23 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
M Elec Light — 4%l
BALKS— XOItM.III SBSStOX.
Board
-50 s F Moslient 94 25
2 Edison Light & Power Co 120 50
Street—
$10,000 Weary-st R R Bonds 105 00
100 (Slant, Powder Con ". 24 25
$6000 Market-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 106 00
- SALES— AFTKRNOON KlMl!|>V.
Board—
$1000 Market-st Railway Con 5% Bonds 106 00
15 s V Water 98 75
100 do do 98 87V4
Street—
10 8F Gaslight 94 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry and Henrietta Cox to Marie Shaffer, lot
on \V line of Gough street, 100 N of McAllister, N
25 by W 100: $6100.
D . F. ana Althea Walker to Rudolph Spreck<>ls,
lot on W line of Gough street, 132:71 Nof Pacific
avenue. W 137:6. 21:8, E 38:4, E 16:8. E
82:6, 522:6 V»: $10.
■ Same to same, lot on Wcorner of Goagh street
and Pacific avenue, W 137:6 by N 132:7V5; $10.
John A. Zollver to Annie T. Zollver, lot on E
line of Fillmore street, 90 N of Golden Gate ave
nue, E 70, N 10, E 30, N 20. W 100, s 30; gift.
John W. Pearson Jr. to Alice M. Pearson, lot on
NW corner of Fulton and Devisadero streets, W
137:6, N 63 :15/ , thence to a point in \V Devisa
dero. 117:11% iV of Fulton, S 117:111-2 : $3000.
William B. Ward to Elizabeth M. Ward, lot on S
linn of Bush street, 68:9 W of Lyon, W 25 by S
137:6; gift."
CL A. and D. S. Dorn to Katie M. McCarthy, lot
on NW corner of Fell and Ashbury streets, W
56:3 by N 100; $10.
Isidor liiiiiielwuz to Joseph Daniel wltz, lot on S
line of Sixteenth street. 15*5:9 a of Valencia, S
115 by W 25: $5.
John M. and Annie M. Farrell to B. S. and Han
nah M. Lewis, lot on W line of Lapidge street, 375
If of Nineteenth, N 25 by W 80: $2650.
John F. Taylor to Annie 1 . Goldsmith, lot on S
line of Hill street, 136 W of Valencia, W 30 by S
114; $10.
Dennis Killeen to Minnie Killeen. lot on E line
of Bartlett street, 150 S of Twenty-sixth, S 66:3.
X 12 i :4, N 83:7, W 125: gift.
Ella M. O'Brien to Kliza M. Doyle, lot on N line
of Seventeenth street, 140 W of Castro, W 28:», N
121:11 Vi, SE to a point 113:4 N of Seventeenth
street, S 113:4: gift.
Katharine Metcalf to Henrietta Rossow and
Katie Strohleln. lot on N line of Silver street, 160
Wof Third. \V 25 by N 76; gilt. '
Margaret Breslin to Annie F. Fleming, Ellen
Boas, Daniel \\\, Andrew F., John J. and Charles
H. Bresliu, lot On XX line of Park avenue (Morris
avenue), 300 SK of Harrison street, SE 37:6 by
NE80: also lot on SW line of Park avenue (Mor
ris avenue 225 NW of Bryant street; NW26 by
SW 75, subject to life estate; gift.
J. K. and Amelias. Damon to John E. Sawyer,
lot on W line of Kansas street, 10J a of Solano, S
40 by W 100; «5.
John E. Sawyer to Mary £. Trow bridge, same;
Jf 10.
" Stewart Menzies to Jessie C. Anderson, lot on S i
line of California street. 115:2 1-12 X of Second
avenue, B 23:0 5-12, S 64:8 1-12, S 22:11Va, N
63:6; $10. •
Charles E. and Mary J. Muck to Theo and
Tobene Teilefsen, lot on E Hue of Fourth avenue,
150 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 26 by E 120: $10.
Louis and Rose Lipman, London & San Fran
cisco Bank (Limited) by <;. Frie<lench, attorney,
to Sarah Orr. lot on N line of I street, 82:6 W of
Ninth avenue, W 26 by N 100; if 10.
Johanna Power tby K. L WheUn, Sheriff) to J. J.
Itauer, lot on SW corner of Detroit street und Flood
avenue, s 100x\V li,o, block 29, Sunnyside; *25.
John .\ckalav by same to same, lot" on s six
teenth street 609:6, W Osborne W 60xS 126, block
12, Flint Tract; $110.
ALAMEDA COINTY.
J. R. Mead (trustee* et al. to Andrew Rankin,
lot on N line of Mead avenue, 225 W of San Pab o
avenue. \V 25 by N I^6, Oelng lot 11, map of Mead
Park, Oakland: $10.
J. H. T. Watklnson to F. J. Saxe. lots 32 and 34.
map of Piedmont Tract, Oakland Township- $5
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Ella Q
Pryal. lot on SW corner of Parker street and Col-
I?K'- avenue. 8 HO by West 159.44,'beini; lots I and
2, map of llillepas.s proper.}-. Berkeley: $10.
Andrew K. severnt to the Italian-Swiss Mutual
Loan Association. lot on NE corner of Htlleßass
street and Ashbury avenue, N 110, E 120. S 5, E
40. s 105, W 160 to beginning, being a portion of
lots 7. H mid 9, Mock A, C:aremout Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
1.. 1.. White to (elia A. White, lots 1 to 18 and
lots 23 to 30. block A. and lots 1 to 22. block B.
lilake Tract, H,rkeley; a.so lo:s 1 to 4. block W
and lots 11 to 22, block E, and lots 17, 18 and 19,
blork F, Ltonant Tr.\e:, Berkeley; gift.
Neai M. Conaghy to Jemima Braiiln, lot on S
line Of Adams street, 160 E of Second, E 50, S to
eeatat of s»n LOIMM Creek, theiice ilovvn said
creek to a poini where a line iniwn at rlgnt imgles
pi Ailiims street s from point of beginning would
[Stoned said line of said cre>k. thence N to be
elnnlns, being portion of block 8. map of San
Lorenzo, Bden lownstalp: $'0.
llermaun Pieiininger to Jacob 11. Schnitz, lot on
X line of I'eralta street, 110 SW from Sin Central
avenue, SW 45. SB .s»j:o. NX to a point, NW M 4 to
beulnninit, being lot 2 and portion of lot 5, map of
survey .no. 1018: $3000.
Janii's McKeowen to Hamilton Lee. lot on the
W line of Wes: strrw. 75 N of Nolan or Thirty
third, N 50 by W 116, being the S V 2 of lot 17 and
tne N y^ of lot 18, b:ock X, Map of Central I.aiui
Company's tract, uaklaud; $10.
Julia Burton to Samuel S. Murfey, lots 18 aud
19, block — , Map of Northern Additon to Brook
lyn. Kast Oakland; $5.
Same to same, lot 20. block HI, Map of North
ern Addition to Town of Brooklyn, East Oakland:
$5.
John and Clara Hawkins to James McCune, lot
on NX Ifne of Echo avenue at point of its intersec
tion by line dividing blocks 15 and 16, thence NX
108:11. SE 33.37, SW to a point NW to beginning
being portion of lots 3 and 4. block 16, cilen Echo
Tract, Map 3, Oakland Township: $10.
Hannah Kmslie to Charles Emslle, lot on SW
corner of HumboMi avenue and Ward street 3
139:7. W 119:11, N 134:6, E 157:5 lo beg i 11 n i 11 g.
boim; lots 4, 5 and 6, block F, Leonard Tract
Berkeley; gift.
Albert Moroff to Horace D. Irwin, lot on s line of
Berkeley avenue. 55 :6 E of Piedmont wav E
12! :6 by S 102:5, being lots 10 and 11, block E,
map 01 Berkeley Homestead Association, Berke
ley: $10.
Marie Werner and G. M. Hoyt to Town of Berke
ley, lot on s line of Werner Tract, 164 t of Har
per street, s i:n, N 129, N 5.25. W 40 to begin
ning, being portion of lots 8, 4 and 6, map" of
Werner Tract, Berkeley: $.'SB.
O. A. Lane to Wilhelmina Gelnrllch, lot on S
corner of Cora street anil San Antonio and Van Le
andro road, SW 100, SE 100, NX 140, NW 100 to
beginning, being lots 1 and 2. block 6, Hitchburg
Homestead Lots, Brooklyn Township; $675
A. ne Santos (by Constable) to R. B. Tappan lot
on W line of Bay street, 190 8 of Santa Clara
aveuue, S 16:8 by W 150, Alameda: $343.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jni.Y. 1896.
Su. Mo.
Tu. JV. Th. _Fr. _Sa.i Moon', Phase.,
1234 (f^Lut Quarter.
pV July a.
7 8 9 10 11 j
*% New Moon.
14 15 16 17 18 Jo y 10 -
-2122 23 24 25 Q^J^ft
5 6
_ _ I _
12 ! 13
19 20
" I
2«i ; 27 !
28 129!30 !31 f*fS foil MoonJ
July 24.
II
OCEAN STEAMERS.
r>j«t «•« of Tierarture from San Francisco.
BTKAMRR | DKSTtNATtON-. | .MAILS. | PIER. -
:olumb!»... Portland July 7.10 am I Pier 24~
*•«©« Kel Kiver July 7. 6pm > Pier 13
£"'* £?s"? s " ' San Diego •■ . July B.llam ' Her 11
(Valla Walla Vie * VV XtK t Una July 8. 9am Pier 9
Pomona. iiumt>oLdiUav July 8. I'm Pier 9
Lt»X0. ...... coo» Bay July 9.10 am Pier 13
farauon.... 1 aaulna Bar.. July 9, 9AM|fi«r2
-olon j I'annma July 10.12 M|P M. S3
•l• l **•«" ! Kewoort ...... July 10. 9A«i|l»ier 11
!>•! Mori« .. urarH Uaroor. Julyll, spm . .
australia.... I Honolulu Julj-II.IOam Oceanic
Ity Pelclna. Chinas Japan July 11, 3pm PM SS
Btauof-cai Porttand i July 12.10 am ! Pier 24
.orona , San D1ep0..... I julyj uly 12.11 am ' Pier 1 L
L'maiUla.... Vie it Pitt BmrJulylS. 9am Pler9
Bnr*ka .... N»wdob l Jnlyl4. »am Pier 11
snnol.. Grays Harbor. July 16. 12 m Pier 2
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Dtiames
I
From
I niri
Arae0... ........
Empire....'..".;.'.
Pomona.
Crmccnt City. .'.
Stl'aul
Farallan ..'......
Nortn fork.
UmatU1a........
Btat«of Ca1.....
Del None
National City...
San Benito
Mackinaw.
Corona
Wceotu :
Hanoi „
EoreKa _..
Doric :.:.
BantaKosi.
Columbia .......
Colombia.
City of fueou..
Coos 8ay...... •....
P0rt1and. ........;.......
fiumboicu n»r.
CrMcanc cut.
Newport. .......... ......
Vaaulna Bay ... M
Hamboldtßay
Victoria <fc font Sound
i 'or nan a
Haroor
tlumboldt ■.-.
Tucoma.... „
l'Mcoma.
San Dieg0i.. .;...........
li«l Kiver
Grays Haroor ..........
Newport...
China and Japan........
•Jan Di5c0. .......... ....
Portland
Panama .....;...
Victoria * Pa(«t aouna
..July 7
..July 7
..July 7
..July 8
..July 8
..July 8
..July 8
..July 8
. July 9
..July 9
..July 9
..July 10
..July 10
..July 11
..July 19
..July 12
..July 11!
..July 13
..July 14
..July 14
..July 14
..Jnlyli
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. P. Coast AXn Gkodktic SrrRVKY TlO»>
BrLLicTix Published by Official V
AUTHORITY OF TBS SUPKRIXTKNDKNT. )
-
Tuesday, July 7.
8onrl(«s 4.63 Moon rises 1.33 am
Bon sen 7.36 ! M00n sets
July — 1896.
> T'me FeK Tin,. FeM j TJme | Feel | Time Fee ,
* L, W ! H W I !L Wl H W
7, 4.M.-UH 11.06 a.? 2.09 3.4 8.31 ! ft.9
8, 4.12-0.8 11.49 4.0 S.OSi 3.3! »16 &1
? 4.50 -1.1 13.58 4.1 S.SH 3.4 10.011 8.2
0 5-2| -I.'-' 100 4.!5 4.51 3.H 10.415 6.2
1| 608-1.2; 1.31 4.7 6.441 3.0 1J.35 6.1
216.47-1.1 2.02 4.8 6.40 2.8
HWI.W M W i M
_3!026i 5.8 { 7.a5!-a7! 2.34 S.S 7.38 2.ft
>OTE-In the aoove exposition of the tides the
»arly morning udes are given in the left hand
column and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to lime. The second tlm»
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. Tne heights (riven are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnas sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given Is subtractiv*
from the depth civen by the charm.
HYDEOGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Bydkooraphic Ofkick, U. S. N., ~j
Mkrchasts' Kxchanqk. v
san Francisco. July 6. 1896. )
The time bail on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exacuy at 8 c. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchteler,
Lieutenant \". s. N. m chHrge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
San Francisco Entrance— California-
Notice Is hereby given that the Mile Rock bell
bnoy Is not sounding. It will be put In order at
the earliest daie practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
Frank Coi-rtih, Commander U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, July 6.
Stmr Scotia. Olsen, 22 hours from Eureka:
10- Mft lumber, 100 cordg stave bolts, to J R
Hiinity.
Stmr Australia. Houdleite, 6 days and 17V 3 hrs
from Honolulu; pass aud mdae, to J D Spreckels
A Bros Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 18 nours from
Cleone; rr ties, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 hours from San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 54 hours from
Newport, via Port Lob Angeles 47 hours; ballast.
to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Arago. Heed, 38 hours trom Coos Bay. via
Port Orford 32 hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Haw ship Roderick Dhu. Rock, 16 days from
Hilo; pass and su-ar, to .1 D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Schr Glen, Jorgensen. 49 days from Raratonga;
16 tons copra, SO, -00 cocoanuis, to 1 E T.iayer.
Schr Lila and Mattle, Lindbridge, 4 days" from
Waldport: 150 M ft lumber to T J Golden.
Schr Viking. Peterson, 3 days from Coos Bay;
lumber, to E B Dean A Co.
Schr Ciotama, Brissem. 2 days from Coos Bay;
i'J.b M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Oisen, 3 days from Coos
Bay : lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Amethyst. Sorland, 8 days from Walds
port: 113 M ft lumber, to T J Golden.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
100 bxs butter, to Ross A Hewlett.
Cleared.
MONDAY. July 6.
Stmr Wnlla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Uoodall. Perkins ACo.
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkbam, Nanaimo: R
Dunsniuir A Sons.
stnirMtneolu, Plllsbury, Tacoma; Pacific Imp Co.
stmr Santa Hosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good,
all. Perkins A Co.
stmr Columbia. Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and N»v Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, Portland; N PS
S Co.
Ntrnr city of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo. R
Dunsmulr A Sons.
Stmr Barclay Golden. Lossius, Callao, via Aca
pulco: W It Grace A Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Nanaimo; Geo Fritch.
Hark Annie Johnson, Matson, Uilo; J D Spreck
els A Bros Co.
*chr ( has Hanson, Nielson, Kodialc; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, July 6.
Stiar Alcatraz. Walvlg, Yaquir.a Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jepson, san Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, M.>ndoclno.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, Hi!o.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson, Iversen's Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddaru
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. July 6-10 p. it — Weather
hazy : wind W; velocity. 13 lauej.
Charter*.
The ship Christine was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe 30s; Sydney, 21s 3d-
Cape Town, 255.
The schr Kins Cyrus was chartered prior to ar
rival for lumDer a: Victoria to Tientsin, 52s 6d.
?»oK«n.
June 25— Lat 49 N, long 10 \V, Br ship Manx
King, from Liverpool, for Tacoma.
Miscellaneous
LONDON, July 4— Br bark Colombo previously
reported at Rio de Janeiro has been surveyed and
recommended to discbarge portion of her cargo.
Domestic I' art*.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived July 6-Stmr
Navarro. from Eureka.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July-5-Schr Se
quoia, from san Pedro.
NEW WHATco.M-Arrlved July 4-Bark Ger
maniH. hence June 13. ....--.
PORT ANC.FLKs- Arrived July 6— Brig Court
ney tord. hence June 1 1.
- EUREKA— Arrived July 6— Stmr Pomona, hue
July 5, and sailed for San Francisco.
Sailed July 6 — 'tmr Arcata, for Portland
NEW POUT— Arrived July 6-Stmr South Coast
from Eureka.
liANDON-Salled July 4-Schr Antelope, for
San Francisco. '
. PORT LOS ANGELES-SaUed July 5-Br ship
Dunsyre. r
Arrived July 6— Stmr Westport, from Bear Har
bor.
VENTURA— Arrived July 6— stmr Geo Loom is.
hence July 6; stmr Navarro, from Santa Barbara, i
sailed July 6— stmr Geo Loomis, for San Fran- '
cisco.
TACOMA-Salled July 2-Schr Peerless, for San
Francisco. July 6— Nor bark Margrethe, for
Queenstown.
Arrived July 6-Stmr San Benlto, hence July "
KVERETT— Arrived June 30-Schr Dora Bluhrri !
hence June 12.
ASTORlA— Arrived July s— Br ship Brenhllda
from Mary port.
SAN DIEGO-Salled July 6-Br ship Carradale.
GRAYS II ARBOR- Arrived July 6 -Stmr Del !
None, from Coos Bay ; schr Neptune, hence June
21;!«chrGulde. henco June 16.
Sailed July 6— Schrs C A Thayer and Edward
Parke. for i-.an >■ tmiioisco.
OLYMPIA-Arrlved July 6-Schr Joseph Russ
from San Diego. '
Eastern Ports,
BALTIMORE— SaiIed July 4— Ship George Stet
son, for San Francisso. 6
Foreign Port*.
HABWICH-Arrlved July 2-Ger ship Occident
hence March 4.
NAG ASAKI-Salled June 26-Brstmr Unllih
gow. for San Francisco.
fo^Vti^e^' 1 Jl " y 2 - RU9 bark Columbus -
DUNGENESS-Passed July 3-Br ship Crown
of England, from Antwerp, for San Francisco
LIMERICK— July 2— Gerbark Mathllde
Deusscn. from Orecon.
HONOLULU-Arrived Juno 28-Stmr City of
Peking, 'rota Yokohama, and sailed June 28 for
San Francisco.
To sail June 30-Shlp Commodore, for New
York; oktn s N Castle, for San Francisco.
2&? w* Bl^^ GUATEMALA -sailed June 12
-schr Wm F Wltzemann, tor PortTownsend.
MCOLAEFSKI- Sailed July 6-Sclir R W Bart
lett. for Port Townsend. -"»i^
SHANGHAI-balled July 3-Br ship Helens
burg, for San rancisco; schr Puritan, for Kodiak.
Movements of Atlantic Steamers.'
NEW YORK- Arrived July 6-Stmr Saale, from
Bremen and Southampton; stmr State of Califor
nia, from Glasgow.
BREMEN— Arrived out July 6— Stmr Aller.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out July 6— Stmr Werra
GENOA— Arrived out July 6— stmr Kaiser Wil
helm 11.
MOVlLLE— Arrived out July 6-Stmr State of
Nebraska.
Sailed July s— Stmr Furnessia, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed July 6— Stmr Weimar, from
New York, for Southampton.
PRAWLE POINT-Passed July 6 — Stmr
Braunschweig, from New York, for Bremen.
importation
BAN DIEGO— Per stmr Santa Rosa— ll boxes
raisins. 637 bxs • lemons. 1 bale carpet. 80
half-bbls pickled fish/ 148 bdls dry fish, 1 box I
plates, 1 bbl castings. 1 bill masts and i
sails, 1 pump, 5 pcs granite, 1 cs par>ar boxes, 1 8k I
beeswax, 55 pcx curbing, 7 bxs limes, 1 cs crack- j
ers, 69 bxs oranges, 2 1 bxs oranges and lemons.
Redondo— l lot o.d rails, 315 pkgs plates, 1 safe,
2cm mdse, 132 bxs oranges. 110 bxs lemons, 1 bx
seed, 1 door, 108 bbls wine.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 6 chests , tea. 6 ■ crates
lard, 15 bbls ham and bacon, 6 cs flour, 1 bx car
bines. 1 cs rubber goods. -
Port Los Angeles— l bbl baking powder. 2cs
mdse, 16 bxs lemons, 3 bxs tomatoes, 1 cs egg i
plant. . " I
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l picture, 1
keg wine, 1 cs guns, 25 cs soap, 6 cs silver plate, 1
csbooki, 1 cs chocolate, 186 cs bottles. 13 pices
mdse samples. 1 bx apples, 1 bbl clothing, 2 bxa
dried fruit, 1 bx notions, ■£ cs stamped goods.
Los Angeles— l piano, 1 lot household furniture.
10 crates bicycles, 1 iron wheel.
Santa Barbara— ll bars 3 bdls Iron, 1 bar 2 bdls
steel. 2 kegs shoes, 69 bxs lemons, o sks peppers,
2 crts sea lions. -.... ■.:.,/
Port Harford— Bß bdls hides and pelts. 6 bbls tal
low, 1 firkin 2 cans tallow, 24 cs eggs, 1 sk tails. 1
sk turtles, 4 tins matches, 3 coop « chickens, 2 tubs
Jb hxs butter, 1 sausage mill. 2 sks w00', 6 bxs fish.
1 bdl burlap, 13 dressed calves.
Rocksiding-605 sks bituminous rock.
Harris— 247 sks beans. 115 sks mustard. '
Santa Maria— 766 beans. 2541 sks barley.
B HONOLULU— Per Australia— lo.o33 bags sugar
51 bags coffee, 1 bag hair, 552 bdls green hides, 17
bdls skins. 4959 bnchs bananas. 1154 bxs bananas,
33^ bxs pineapples, 20 sks pineapple plants. 4ca
1 canned pineapples, 22 bxs fruit, 5 bxs betel leaves,
1 bx taro, 4 parcels. 679 empty beer kegs, 177
empty wine barrels, 1 cs Koa lumber, 85 pea Koa
lumber, 3"J pkg.i mdse.
COOS BAY — Per Arago— 7s tubs 14 bxs butter,
6cs cheese, 10 eds matchwood. 8 M ft lumber. 31
sks potatoes. 1 sk • off.-c, 52 piles. 3 bales 1 cs flan
nels, 8 pkgs express, 7 60 tons coal.
Port Orforil-8 tubs 10 bxs butter. J pkgs ex
press.
Cnn«iene««i
Per Santa Rosa— Kohler & Frohllni;: Pacific
Transfer Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co: M 8 Simas;
Wetmore Bros; I. Scatena A Co; Sun Francisco
Breweries; W A J Sloane A Co: M F Cabral; U S
.stmr Monterey: W McChesney A Sons; Lewis
Packing Co; Amer Press Assn: Milwaukee Brew
ery; Aermoier W M Co: F L Judd; J P Thomas:
Campodonico A Malcolm: Hills Bros: Keogh Mfg
Co: Levi Spiecel A Co; C Solomon: Hills Bros: i.
Gamier A Co;. I Ivancovlch A CO: Gray A Barbleri:
Immel & Co: Kuklmeyer A Co; Wolf A Son ; W X
■iHUKson; Eveleth A Nash; II O Greonhood; MA
Werthelmer; Dalton Bros: D E Allison & Co; Cal
I Wine Association: Garcia A Maggini; 11 11 Hogan;
American Biscuit Co; J Hendy: Frank Tester;
Hall safe and Lock Co: v unset Seed and Plant Co:
Tillmann A Bendel ; Pacific sheet Metal Co; Orlice
Specialty Co: Goodyear Rubber Co; Pacific Am
monia and Chemical Works: Dr Price; J H Tiler;
J W Pearson: Jas Melczer: Palace Hotel; Win
chester Rep Arms Co: W BGlldden; Washbnrn-
Moen MfgCo: American Union Fish Co: Buffalo
Brewery; Sinsheimerßros: 8 P Milling Co: Pacific
Coast Fish Co- Dutard; J Hoffman; F B Hatgbt:
LDStono&Co: BGRunl&Co: Wltzel A Baker
Dairymen's Union : H Heckman A Co; Pacific Pav
lnsr Co: Wheaton. Breon A Co: Ciacobson: Itallan
s«i S s Colony; Marshall, Teggart A Co : J J Duny
A Co: Pacific Batchers' supply Co; II W aldeck; II
S Crocker * Co: W H Minor: Russ, Sanders A Co;
Hilnier, Hredlioff A Schulz; Brlgham, Hopiie A Co;
Tillmann & Bendel: C X Wliltnev * Co: Baldwin
Hotel: Ci H T Jackson: M Levy A Co: A Paladlnl:
Wells, Fargo A Co: W B Olidden: C D Bunker «
Co: J X Chalmers: A Levy A Co: F C jMillard;
Neville Co: C E Whitney A Co; i T Keeler;
Enterprise Brewery. ' '.'■ "_
Per Australia— Alexander A Baldwin: A L Tay
lor; Baker A Hamilton: Curran A Green; Chiuia
A Flach: Chicago Brewery; California Wine Asso
ciation: Enterprise Brewery: Emerson A Co; H A
Widemann .lr; Eveleth & Nash: Gordon &Co; H
OGreenhood: Garcia A Magginl; Goldstein A Co;
Hyman Bros; J Ivancovlch A Co: J C Rued A Co;
.1 D Spreckels & Bros Co; L G Sresovich ft Co: M S
Sim as A Co: L Scatena A Co: M s-ch ussier A Co;
M D Vanvalis; M s Grinbaum A Co: M W Mo-
Chesney A Sons: National Brewery: Welch A Co;
Oscar Fobs; Royal Eagle Distillery Co; White
Bros; Schweitzer A Co: San Francisco Breweries;
Williams, Dimond A Co: Wet more Bros: Trojan
Shirt and Collar Co; various Chinese merchants.
Per Arago— Ross A Hewlett: Wells. Fargo A Co;
Hllmer, Bredhoff A Schulz; BandonWoolen-mllls:
■ Marshall, Teggart A Co; Bros A Co: Saurord
A Co: Dairymen's Union; Standard Oil Co: Hay A
Wright; Wolf & Son; Haas Bros: JamesNeylan.
For Lair Shipping Intelllfimvx flee Fifteenth Pna;
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
ASTORIA aI'PORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
j Columbia sails June '-'7. July 7, 17 and 27
| Slate of California sails Juiy 2, r.'unl 2J
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier M) at 10 .4. X.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Uenl. Supts.
i". t\ CONNOR, General Agent,
630 Market s'-ree^
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &Q.OO
Second. Class S3OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERK INS "i CO..
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM J^SA
>^ Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as fijtffTT
follows:
For Mary Island. Lortn*. WrangoL Janeau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., July 3, 13»
18. 28, mi . v. la, zi.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. Cl, Port Town-
Bend, SeatUe, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Bellineham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3. <. 13. 10. 23. 4 JB. ana every nftn
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wttl»
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., a; Port Townsend wltli
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Ha*
boldt Bay) Btr. Pomona. 3 P. M.. ju.y 5. 8. \'2,
16 23. - i. •-'- and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Uarford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. Bast San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Julj
2, i' i" i*. Is, _j. •_'« 30 ana every Tourtn day
thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport IL
a. ic. "iv :. B. 12. 10. -20, 24, '2* aul ' every
I fourth day thereafter.
For KnsenAda, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Par- Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. m.. .1 1 1 ' v Sana 'J5; li of each month there after
Tit-Ket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•trtet.
UOODA LL, PERKINS <fe CO., Gent Agents
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, M 1 by
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
I day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneclal party rates.
S. S. MA>UH>ij > sails via HONOLULU and
i AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July *t
at 2r. m * "i
Line to COOLGARDIK, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
i Boutn Africa.
J. li. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Agts.
114 Montgomery i*
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRA>SATLAHT«|DB
French Linn to Havre.
, pOM PAN Y'S PIER (NE W),42 JVORTH j>n.
\J Kiver. foot of Morton at. Traveler* by £p*3£|2
■ this line avoid both transit oy English railway aui
; the discomfort of crossing the channel inastn&li
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
: nrst-ciasssl6o: second-class. $110. . .
' LA TOUR A INK. Capt. SanteUl May 2JHa m.
• LA KORMANDIE May J3. 8 a.' kT
LA GASCOONE Juue2O, 7 a. St.
LA NOKM \N HI July 4, « a. »c
LA OASOOGNE July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NORMANDIK August 1, 5 a, it
LA BOURGOONE. Capt. T.ebieuf. June 0, 7 a.
AST For further particulars apply to
"'*«r qt, A. FORGET. Agent.
~~~ ,°; 380 v ln« Green, New York.
,£nuV^n O #rincf.£ O - » «■»■■
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL y>«^_
„ fortnightly for the West Indies and *• * q Tig
. Southampton, calling en route at C?rbourgh.
j France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
• Pacitic Mall S. S. Co.. issued for freight and trea>
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymoutn,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195: third
•Lass, 997 60. For further particulars apply to
fARKOTT A CO., Agents,
306 California su
WHITE STAR LISB.
United States and Royal Mail Steamen
BETWEEN
New York, Queens town & Liverpool.
SAILING KYKKY WJUEK.
CABIN, «60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -—
ing to steamer and accommodations frilWffif
•elected: second cabin. $36 and «40: Maje.mc and
Teutonic. • Bteerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
«rom W. H. .A VERY, Pacific Mall Pock, or at th»
General Office of the Company, 613 Market stress.
! Udtlunnd Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER. *
Oaneral Agent tor Paclflo Coast.
! «3^fcr»K HAMBURG-AMERICAN L^S
y^H^ag*«fe TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
I •*—- ■ iHilii Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris <fc Hamburg,
A. Victoria. .'.July 16 I Normauula.... Ausust B
F. Bismarck July 23 |A. Victoria... August IS
I. Cab.. $100 and upward; 11. Cao., $60 and unwarrl
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 2 h.. free of char*a.
by special train; CHERBOURU-PARIS. 6Va h.
For passage apply Hamburg-American /.ink
37 Broadway, N. > or to KAHN A HERZoo'
Agents. 401 California st.. San Francisco. Col. '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 P. 31. Daily, freight received un
to .>::{!» I', ji.
J»" Accommodations lleserved by Telephone.
„ ■ SXEAMERs:
T. C. Walker. ,T. I). Petnra
Mary Garratt, City or Stockton.
Xelephoae Main 805. Cai. Nay. and l mpu «S>
fALLEJO, MARE *BE.!ICIA, PORT
" COSTA AM) CROCKETT. - -
STR. MONTICKLLO,
laadlss. Million 1, Fit S»WEDDINGS AT A
CAMP-MEETING,
Salvationists of the Coast
to Unite at Trestle
Glen.
TWO WEEKS' PROGRAMME
Commander Booth-Tucker Will
Be Present for the Last
Three Days.
STAFF OFFICERS TO WED.
Ready for the Greatest Reunion Ever
H- d by the Army on the
Oakland Office Francisco Call,)
V9OS Broadway, July 6. )
Great preparations are being made for
the great annual camp-meeting of the Sal
vation Army of the Pacific Coast. It will
be held at Tie-tie Gien and will last two
weeks, commencing next Sunday.
A large number of tents have already
been pitched and the campground will
cover many acres before the opening day.
The camp-meeting this year has been |
delayed two weeks beyo«d the usual time I
to allow Commander Booth-Tucker to be |
present on the three concluding days and j
hold a great reunion of the department all
over the coast.
Owing to the recent trouble in the army
a special effort is being made to bring to
gether as many of the officers as possible.
One of the leading features of the camp
meeting will be a public wedding, which
will take place next Wednesday evening.
Brigadier Keppel will be the officiating
mini-ter and the names of the contracting
parties are being carefully guarded. As
the Salvation Army contains so much j
eligible material for marriage, there is :
large scope for conjecture.
The concluding event of the camp-meet- i
ing will also be a wedding, which will be :
solemnized on Sunday afternoon, July 26. I
Commander Booth-Tucker will officiate, :
and as the principals are two staff officers |
the affair will be the star feature of the
meet.
The programme is typical of the Salva
tion Army. There are four meetings each
day, at 9 and 10:30 A. m. and '2:30 and 7:30
p. m. The subjects and leaders are:
July 12— "The Attack," the brigadier and
staff; "cave the Others," -Major Mclntyre;
"Two Wonaers," Staff Captain Thomas; "Sheep
and Goats," Brigadier and Mrs. Keppel. July
13— "Persistency," Ensign Jackson and Cap
tain Jones; "Bankrupt Lives," Adjutant and
Mrs. McFee; "Our Faulty Neighbors," Ensign
Evans; "Men Wanted," Captain and Mr-.
Mauly. July 14— "White Ealment," Captain
Quaet; "Job's Laughing Horse," Ensign and
Mrs. Day; "Universal Law," Ensign and Mrs.
Bourne; "Spiritual Paupers," Major and Mrs.
Gifford. July 15— "The Friendly Devil," En-
Mgn Armstrong: "Wreckage," Adjutant and
Mrs. Reid; "A Hard Taskmaster," Captain and
Mrs. Montgomery; "Field Officers' Wed
diuz," Brigadier Keppel. July IC— "The
Water Cure," Adjutant Bull; "An Im
promptu Picnic," Stall Captain Thomas;
"Antiseptic Religion," Captain Isabel Wise;
"A Ghastly Gain," Stan' Captain and Mrs.
Wood. 17— "cent For," Ensi?n Fong Foo Sec;
"Loaves and Fishes," Ensign Spraguc; "A
Mystery Solved," Ensign and Mr«. Taylor;
"Ungodliness," Major Mclntyre. 18— "Kitchen
Consecration," Mrs. Adjutant McFee; "The
New Tenant," Ensign Manhart; "Messengers
to the Brethren," Captain Berry and shelter
staff; "A Joyous Eviction," StalF Captain
Thomas. l'J— "The Lowing of the Cattle," En
sign Barker; "The Devil's Delight," Mrs.
Brigadier Keppel; "On the Fence," Brigadier
Keppel; "Lazarus and the Dogs," Major Gif
ford. 20 "Soap," Ensign Wood and lifeboat
Kaff; "Theology of the Washtub," men cadets;
«Th« Shrinkage of the Sleeve,' women ca
dets; "Profit and Loss," Mrs. Major Mclntyre.
21— Good Rider," Captain Stedman; "Up a
Tree," Ensign and Mrs. Foster; "An Adver
tisement," Ensign and Mrs. Thomson; "War
Cry Meeting." Ensign Day and War Cry staff.
22— "Giants," Ensign Heffelmen; "The Devil's
•Romance," Ensign Kinsman; "Musical Me
lange," Ensign Campbell and band; "An In
vitation to Sapper," Major Gifford. 23— "A
Love-Letter," Ensign Mustek; "Drinks Free,"
Staff Captain Wood; "The Torn Shirt," Major
Mclntyre; "An Apology to Mrs. Grundy,"
Brigadier Ke&pel. 24, 25, 26 — Three great
days of salvation; meetings to be under the
direction of Commander Booth-Tucker; offi
cers' and soldiers' councils, special holiness
meetings, salvation meetings extraordinary;
naff officers' wedding, Sunday, 2:30 p. m. <
The new chief secretary for the United
States, Colonel E. Iliggins, will accom
pany Commander Booth-Tucker during
liis visit.
BATTLE OF THE CLUBS,
McKinley League of Berkeley
Will Hold a Meeting
To-Night.
Captain Morrison of the Republican
Club Thinks Striker Wants
to Be a Boss.
BERKELEY, C A i.., July 6.— The Mc-
Kinley League of Berkeley will meet to
morrow nijrht in Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Republican Club, which, it is
claimed, was organized without proper
authority, is likely to receive attention at
t lie hands of the McKinley League's ruem
as the controversy between the two
ciubs threatens to become more and more
bitten
Captain J. T. Morrison, a prominent
member of the Republican Club, is in
oignautatthe aspersions cast upon that
organization by County Committeeman
J. W. Striker. Said the captain:
The Berkeley Republican Club would
like to know what is the matter with J. W.
Striker, anyway. He seems to be wasting
■ great deal of valuable breath in hurling
■.'•:utlicinas at the first and only Republi
i in club in Ea^t Berkeley because they
■ t ask his permission to organize and
: caose he was not aiked to boss the job.
''The respectable element in the Repub
lican party in Berkeley needs no boss, and
the sooner Mr. Striker pets that notion
out of his head the sooner that portion of
Ins anatomy will cease to swell. Kvi
•l-nilv he has not learned that this coun
try existed before his day and generation,
and will continue to exist when the Strik
ers cense from striking and the weary
politician is at rest.
"No. The .Berkeley Republican Club is
organized for business, and does not have
to ask Mr. Striker's permission — 'not any,'
Washington is great, but Striker is im
mense.'"
Struck by the Train.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 6. — Miss E.
Hess of 1946 Dwight way met with a nar
row escape while trying to board the 7:30
local train at Dwight way this morning.
She attempted to jump on to the step when
the train was moving and was Knocked
senseless. Her injuries are not serious.
Miss Hess is the daughter of Lewis Hess,
who fell from a ferry-boat last week.
Engagement Announced.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 6.— The en
gagement was announced to-day of Frank
L. rsaylor, son of Cashier Naylor of the
Commercial Bank, and Miss Olive Squires,
daughter of Town Treasurer John W.
Squires.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Car., July The wed
ding of Miss Meta Jensen and Theodore
Peterson of Oakland took place yesterday
at North Berkeley, the ceremony being
performed by the Rev. J. E. Bushnell of
the First Lutheran Church of Oakland.
A meeting of young men of West
Berkeley who desire to form an athletic
club will be held at Fisher's store, on Uni
versity avenue, next Saturday evening.
The engacement has been announced of
.1. E. Little 'of Berkeley and Miss E. M.
Elmon of Modesto.
Berkeleyans are agitating the need of
signs on the street corners to indicate the
names of the street-.
The case of Willis Walker, charged with
stealing a buggy-robe, will be decided by
Justice James on Wednesday. The accused
has confessed.
RAISED VALUATIONS.
Assessor Dalton Adds an Extra Million
to the Value of the
County.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 6. — Assessor
H. P. Dalton turned his assessment books
over to the County Clerk to-day according
to law. Among 'the most striking
changes from last year's roll is in the
matter of the banks. They made their
returns at the request of Mr. Dal
ton, but he was not satisfied and se
cured the services of T. E. Atkinson, an
I expert bank accountant, who examined
j the books of each bank. He was sworn in
ias a Deputy Assessor, and made the
I assessment after his examination of the
books. As a consequence the National
banks will have to pay taxes on $417,650.
more property than last year, while the
other banks ' have a little over $500,000
added to their taxable property.
Should this assessment be attacked in
the Board of Equalization Mr. Dalton will
have every officer in the bants sworn and
examined in relation to the correctness of :
the report of Mr. Atkinson.
The assessment totals by incorporated
cities and towns of the rolls are:
Alumeda 11. 321. 975
i lUTKeiey 7,270.500
! Hftj-wards h09,150
Livcrniore .'» 5 1..v
Oakland City 44,44- JSO
rii-ttHuiiton «i '5
Sau leandro 1,094,400
By townships outside —
j Brooklyn o^nahlp 6.814.675
Kdeu Township 3,986.976
Murray Township. 3.W89.-6U
Oakland l owasuip 6.364,775
Washington Township ' 6.176,8*0
Grand total $91.1tJ3,VJ5
The total real estate roll is $352,525 less
; than la.si year, which is mainly due to the
; $500,900 of university mortgages not taxed.
The increase in the personal-property roll
more than brings up the aggregate.
HERRSCHER WINS AGAIN,
Awarded the Contract for Sup
plies at the County
lEfirmary.
The Board Meets as a Board of
Equalization and Spsedily
Adjiurns.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) \
908 Broadway, July 6. )
The Board of Supervisors met to-day ;
and awarded the contract for furnishing !
supplies to the County Infirmary. Two !
weeks ago when they attempted to award j
in a bid that gave the highest bidder the I
preference there was much opposition and i
considerable hard talk engaged in by the ,
bidders. '
The successful men to-day bid several |
thousand dollars lower than their bid at j
that time. Joseph Herrscner of San
Leandro was awarded the contract for
furnishing groceries at $5535 79)£. Joseph
Harris will furnish the clothing for
$347 07}£. The samples furnished by the |
successful bidders were kept by the super- ■
intendent to compare the goods with when
delivered.
Mr. Herrscher'a opponents assert that j
he will lose money belore the year is past j
if he furnishes goods equal to his samples, j
which all unite in pronouncing first class. |
The Supervisors promise that nothing j
sliort of the samples shall be accepted by i
the superintendent.
The board adjourned and met as the
Board of Equalization. After receiving a j
notification from the County Clerk that i
he had received hfty-four volumes of per
sonal property assessments and one of
personal property they passed the neces«
sary notices and adjourned to meet Fri
day morning at 11 o'clock.
«• » ■»
COHEN IS FREE.
He la Released From J'i isoii at His Own
Request.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 6.— Meyer Cohen
asked the Salem officials to allow him to
participate in the Fourth of July festivi
ties of that place, and as they bad nothing
to show for holding him he was released.
This will probably end for the time the
sensational events of that young man.
Chief Lloyd did all he could to get a war
rant sworn to for use in the case or get the
alleged victim to put up the necessary
funds to enable him to go after Mr. Cohen.
What his intentions are have not been
learned here.
•—• — * — •
Disabled a 11..r-»>
OAKLAND, Ual., July 6.— Billy Moore,
the iiackmau, ii 1 * offering a horse to-day to
any one who will take him. A few nights
ago he whs driving along Cypress street,
and on coming to the corner of Sixteenth
his horse broke through a culvert. He
has notified the City Council that he
wants the city to pay for the horse. The
aii.inul was so badly damaged that Mr.
Moore dons not consider him worth his
feed now.
Sentence Postponed.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 6.— Owing to the
absence of Judg<- Wood of the Police Court
the matter of sentencing Gavin D. High,
lately convicted of libel, was postponed
until Wednesday by Judge Lawrence, sit
ting in place of Judge Wuod. This was
'.he Jtgreement when the latter left. On
tbe account the setting of the second
trial of Mr. High was put over to the same
date.
-iiiomlv Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 6. — William
Wyher is in the hospital of the Utica
mine, Angels Camp, having been seriously
injured by a premature explosion wbile at
work in the mine. He has a family resid
ine on Twelfth avenue, East Oakland.
He was formerly sexton of the Church of
ti;e Advent before leaving here. One of
his legs and two of his ribs are reported
as broken.
Fuid Tole Tax.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 6.— The Pacific
Postal Company lost its case before Judge
Ogden this morning and its agent at once
went into the Assessor's office and paid
$322 25 for taxes on its poles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
WILL SOON HAVE
A HEW CHURCH,
Danish-Norwegian Baptists
Lay the Foundation
Stone.
FUNDS ALL PROMISED.
The First Church Built by That
Denomination in the
State.
PASTOR TYSCHESEN'S HOPES.
Five Years of Straggling Has Re«
suited in a Solid Organ
ization.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 6. )
The Danish and Norwegian Baptists
have commenced the erection of the first
The I irst Baptist Church Built by I»ani<h->orwcgian<s in California, and Its
l'astor, Rev. N. Tysa escn.
church built by their countrymen in
California. Fora long time the congre
ga.iou has been steadily growing and
some time ago it was decided to build a
church. A ready response was made to
the call for funds and when t!>e edifice is
completed it will be free from debt.
The churoti is located on the west side
of Twenty-fifth avenue, a short distance
north of East Fourteenth street. It wa*
i organized in July, 1W»1, with twelve mcm
i bers and this increased many fold at the
: present time. Rev. Knute Nelson was
! pastor for the first year and the present
j pastor, Rev N. Tyschesen, was called in
i January, 1893.
For a year the regular meetings were
i held at Woodman's Hall, on Twenty-third
■ avenue. For another period they were
I heid at Liberty Hall, on Broadway, and
| finally in Knights of Pythias Hall, at
i Twenty-third avenue.
The new building has been under con
struction for some time and the founda
tion-stone was formally laid yesierday.
The ceremonies were very simple and
; the paytor delivered a short address in
i Norwegian.
"This is the first church to be built by the
Scandinavian Baptists in this State," said
! Rev. N. Tyschesen to-day. "We are
! naturally very proud of our effort, espe
| cially as we see our way clear to pay off
; every cent of the cost. For a few years
j we have been struggling under very hard
conditions, but we feel that the worst is
now past and in a few months we shall be
I able to worship in our own building. The
I members and their friends have been very
generous, and all the money needed is
either in hand or promised."
POLITICAL EQUALITY CLUB
It Is of Opinion That Women
Have Other Lines of Work
Besides on the Ballot.
Meeting of the City Trustees — Man
damus Proceedings Against the
City Treasurer.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 6.— Although
such a number of people are away on va
cations, the parlors of the wife of Judge
Waymire were filled this afternoon, when
Mrs. C. L. Wood assumed the chair of the
Women's Political Equality Club. Great
enthusiasm prevailed and a most pleasant
afternoon was spent.
Mrs. Hastie read a short extract from a
treatise entitled "The Philosophy of
Mutualism," by Professor Frank Powers,
and Miss Bowen one from "The Arena,"
dealing with the statement that tnere is
no use in science for any theory unless its
practicability can be shown.
Miss Cohen made a short speech. She
held that women were not as unselfish and
self-denying as they were deemed. They
can do something to better the present
conditions of things, whether women get
! the ballot or not. She instanced the (juan
| tity of ready-made clothing on sale in al!
! the various shops at prices so low that
| sweating alone would not account for the
| low values. "We women talk of suffrage
; and meet to organize clubs for relieving
I the poor and works of a kindred nature,"
she said, "and as soou as the meetings are
over make it a point of going to these low
| priced houses mid purchasing all our
i wants from them." She held that if
■ women would combine aud determine not
! to patronize such establishments, but pay
a fair price for what they required, they
{ would be doing good to numbers of people
; who were forced to accept starvation
\ wages. Her remarks were indorsed by
many present.
Mrs. J. Hill said that most of the
reaav-madc clothine on sale was made in
the Magdalen Asylums and the work
done by the women living in them was
done at less than Chinese wages.
Mrs. Hill spoke of the Woman's Federa
tion Association in San Francisco and in
stanced the work it was trying to accom
plish. She hoped women would be allowed
the right to vote, if it were only to reform
some of the iniquities of the City Police
courts. Here, she said, the girla who
have made their first downward step are
further contaminated and lowered by con
tact with the clerks of the courts. The
ladies who are interested la rescue work
say that they find the girls are bailed out
by the clerks of the court and its attaches.
They go out and live under their protec
tion, all trace of them is lost and the
work of reforming them becomes impos
sible.
The next meeting will be held at the
residence of Mrs. E. A. Smith, 1725 Ala
meda avenue. Branches of the society are
to be formed in San Leandro and Hav
wards and meetings are to be held at any
early date at the residences of Mrs. Gray
ami Mrs. Judge Russell in the respective
towns.
Mandamus Proceedings.
ALAMEDA. Cal., July 6.— The contrac
tor for the new machinery at the city's
electric light works, A. L. Fish, has had
his patience exhausted by the City
Treasurer. This afternoon he instituted
mandamus proceedings against R. G.
Wheeler to force him to pay the two
claims of $2500 and $7500, wbich were or
dered to be paid by the City Trustees to
him on account of hia contract. Mr.
Wheeler has for the past two months re
fused to pay these claims. He says his
bondsmen are against his making an
payments until the Fleming injunction
suit is settled.
As Judge Frick nas stated that the City
Trustees were quite justified in making
the expenditure for increased electric
power Mr. Fish will also institute a «uit
for damages against the City Treasurer.
A Queer Hallucination.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 6.— A young
woman named Marie Nielsen, step
daughter of Hans* P. Nielsen of Chestnut
street, was arro !• ■! y -torday afternoon
on a charge of ins.mity. The unfortunate
young wonniii was examined this after
noon oy the Lunacy Commissioners and
sent to I'kiah, where she has been before.
Snc persist-* i;i saying stie is the wife of
Grover Cleveland and that he will not
give her a divorce.
Decease of v Club.
ALAMED.V, CAL., July «.— The El Nido
Club, Alameda's swell institution, will
soon be a thing of the past. It has never
been a financial success. Starting in with
indebtedness of several hundred dollars,
the lack of a sullicient number of mem
bers and the want of interest exhibited by
its adherents has forced it to the wall. It
will pass out of existence at the end of the
month, after a life of |tut two years.
Turning the Tables.
ALAMEDA, Cai.., July 6. —The city of
Alameiia has commenced suit against
Emilia G. Cohen and others, under the
law of eminent doma<n, to obtain the
value of the land owned by them and re
quired for the opening of Lincoln avenue,
east of Versailles street.
Since the decision of her injunction suit
in favor of the city Mrs. Cohen has re
fused to accept the amount tendered her
by the Street Commissioners and insti
tuted action for a new trial.
> ity TruHtees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 6.— The regular
meeting of the City Trustees was held this
evening. Correspondence was received
from the Southern Pacific Company Drom
-1 ising to attend to tbe repair of Morton
i street station and to remedy tbe constant
| ringing of the alarm bell on Park street
and Kncinal avenue. Ttie Superintendent
of Streets reported that Gray Bros.' work
on tin* sidewalks on Eighth street and
Haight avenue had been satisfactorily
completed. The engineer's report showed
an expense of $477 45 for coal and salaries
during previous month.
The »urn of $500 was placed to the credit
jot the health fund. Accounts amounting
Ito $2!*J :il were ordered to be paid. The
firemen were each granted fifteen days'
leave of absence.
On the question of reissuing licenses to
sell liquor all the old licenses were re
newed. An application was made for a new
license by Mr. de Brett for the Pacific
Hotel. Owing to the absence of Trustee
Hammond, the voting being equal, the
matter was laid over for one week.
Angry Kxeinpti.
OAKLAND, Cai.., July 6.— The Exempt
Firemen huve been meeting in the Police
Court in the City Hall since their organi
zation, but the Council lately passed a
I resolution forbidding "all" meetings there
j except municipal bodies.
The firemen believe the action was aimed
! directly at them. "It was a direct slap,"
, said W. W. Moore, "but we could expect
i nothing else. The present council, or at
least a majority of iis members, has done
nothing but snub the firemen. We shall
not ask them to allow us to use the Police
j Court. They have made their rule and
we do not want them to break it for u-.
i We can get a hall of our own at some place
■ and be independent."
Came From Alaska.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 6.— The body of
John S. Bugbee, a brother of Sunnier Bug
bee, was interred at Mountain View Cem
etery this afternoon. It was brought here
from Alaska. He was a well-known busi
ness man of that Territory, and was
stricken down and died while presiding
over a convention. Death was due to
apoplexy, brought on by the excitement
of the conflicting interests in the conven-
Want* His Stock,
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 6.— D. W. Swan
has brought suit against the American
Composition Pipe and Piledriver Company
for 18,400 shares of stock. Swan alleges
that the stock was transferred to Directors
Badgeley, Fitzsirutnons and O'Brien with
the understanding that it was to be trans
ferred back to him after* the annual meet
ing. He says that it is being kept for a
fraudulent purpose and wants it back.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
-» arris', 15 Uraat avenue.
SURROUNDED
IN HIS HOUSE,
Peter Thompson Finds a
Burglar on His Friend's
Premises.
CALLED THE PATROL.
A Dozen Men With Guns Close
Around the Midnight
Robber.
CHEN CAME A BIG SURPRISE.
The Owner Had Returned Suddenly
and Was Merely Inspecting
Hia Property.
Oakland Office SanFbawcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 6. j
Mr. Halbert, the capitalist of 1423 Web
ster street, narrowly escaped being shot
for a burglar last night. His home is in
the aristocratic part of town near the lake
shore district and last winter many burg
laries were committed in that district and
a sharp lookout has been kept ever since.
A few weeks ago Mr. Haibert went to
the springs with his family. He has a lot
of valuable material in his house and so
he told of his trip to his friend Peter
Thompson. Mr. Thompson owns a vast
estate and is a neighbor to Halbert. He
promised to take a look at the Halbert
house night and morning.
Last nicht Mr. Thompson waa keeping
his promise. He went to the Halbert
home and saw a light inside. He watched
and waited expectantly for several min
utes. The light reappeared in another
room. Mr. Thompson knew tnere should
be no light there and at once concluded
that a burglar, or perhaps two, were at
work overhauling Mr. Halbert's valuables.
Feier Thompson was not long in acting.
He at once laid his plans. He got together
his Japanese boy, his eldest son and Mr.
Hi^h of the Oakland Bank of Savings, who
lives next door to Halbert. and told them
of the presence of the robbers. Mr. High
went round to the back, while the Jap boy
and Mr. Thompson guarded the front. His
son he sent to the patrol box with orders
to ring up the City Hall and call the patrol
wagon. No one dared to blow a police
whistle or the robbers wouid at once be on
their mettle. Just o.ice it dawned on Mr.
Thompson that the man in the house
might be Mr. Halbert. The two friends
have a peculiar whistle with which tney
attract each others attention. Peter
Thompson whistled, but it brought no
response, and he was then positive that he
had to deal with desperadoes.
Mr. High, the Jap, and Mr. Thompson,
all armed, were guarding the approaches
to the house, when the patrol wagon
dashed up with about a dozen men in it.
Ihey at once surrounded the house and
were closing in, preparatory to capturing
the desperadoes, when the noise of the
patrol wagon disturbed the roboerand he
appeared at an upstairs window.
"Throw up your hands; you are sur
rounded," shouted one of the officers.
Two hands were raised till they nearly
touched the eaves, and a voice beseech
inzly implored the armed horde not to
shoot. It waa Halbert himself. He had
returned from the springs unexpectedly
and had lit a candle, with which he had
gone from room to room seeing that every
thing was all right. Some explanationa
were made instead of arrests, and the
frends of the two capitalists have consid
ered it advisable all to-day not to discusa
burglars in their presence.
MINISTERS TALK FINANCE
With One Exception Presbyte
rian Pastors Stand for
Gold.
Baptist Preachers Discuss a New
Brotherhood — Dr. Pona on
Resurrection.
The Presbyterian Ministerial Union held
a Quiz day yesterday, the subject dis
cussed being "The Silver Question."
Rev. Dr. Frasier, who set the subject
going, spoke strongly in favor of gold. He
condemned the Teller resolution, saying
that it was not right to call the ratio be
tween silver and gold as 1 to 16, when it
was really as Ito 25 or 30. Rev. Dr. Alex
ander said: "There are thousands of dol
lars lying idle in the banks of this coun
try already. We already have sutlicient
money; what we want is more work lor
the people; set the mills going and that
will give the peoole bread."
Rev. James Woodworth said he was not
a silver man, but he would like to see free
coinage tried for a while, to nnd oui how
it would work. Rev. Dr. Bevier, who up
held gold, said that it was the duty of min
isters to study financial questions. He
held that gold had an intrinsic value
which especially fitted it to become the
unit. "New fields of gold are being dis
covered, which make it pretty certain that
we shall not suffer for want of a gold cur
rency. On moral grounds 1 contend that
no money can long maintain its position
when it has a stamp value not equal to its
face value."
Rev. Dr. Scott was the only one of the
pastors present who made a strong stand
for silver. "Those who advocate the gold
standard tire the oppressors," he said.
"Make a single standard and you have a
means by which the standard can be mon
opolized. It is because of the rower of
monopolizing that the Rothschilds have
become the princes of finance. It is ow
ing to the gold standard that they can sit
in Europe and command our Senate." Dr.
Scott denied an intrinsic value to cold,
winch he said was oniy uselul in itself to
fill teeth and make ornaments.
Rev. Dr. Maitland and the other pastors
present expressed themselves as being in
favor of gold.
The following officers were elected for
the next six months: President, Rev.
John Hunter of Berkeley; vice-president,
Rev. J. B. Warren; secretary, Rev. James
Woodworth.
Baptiat Preachers.
At the meeting of th« Baptist Ministers
Conference yesterday Rev. H. L. Diet;
read a paper from tiie National Baptist oi
"The Brotherhood of the Kingdom," ar
organization which has aroused consider
able interest in the East.
The brotherhood is formed of people
Auction Sales
GEO. F. LAMSOX, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent Piano, Furniture, Car-
pets, Draperies and Bric-a-Brac,
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday .July 8, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises)
1115 Geary St., Near Tan Ness Avenno,
.. . COMPRISING. . . .
Magnificent Bijou Grand Upright Piano. Prince it
Son makers, New York, especially selected piano,
carries with It a 10-year guarantee, nor h ¥450:
'2 Magnificent Parlor Sets, made to order: 25 Odd
Chairs and Rockers, superbly upholstered; Per-
fectly Magnificent Window and Alcove Draperies,
costing from $100 to $iioo per window; Royal
Lace Curtains: Valuable Pictures; Splendid
Bronze. Ktruscan and Japanese Ornaments: i.le-
gant Mahogany Parlor Cabinet; Royal Wilton,
-Moquet i-ud Body Velvet Carpets; 2 Splendid
Crimson bilk Long Couches In billiard-room, with
draperies to match; Elegant Polished Oak Cham-
ber Suits and folding Beds, with White Hair Mat-
tressed and Extra Bedding; 'I Sideboards: Large
Kxteuslon Table; Royal Couches in chambers;
Hall Hat-Stand ; Fir* and Burglar Proof bate,
with a great variety of other rich furniture.
<y Attention especially called to the Grand
Piano and splendid Draperies in this elegant home.
I'KB.ua— Cash.
GRO. F. LAMBON. Anctioneor.
who have been drawn together by simi
larity of conviction, and who believe that
churches and pastors are absorbed in their
own affairs, and are jealous of each other,
and that internal forms are magnified and
the spirit neglected, while Christians have
been contented with a low plane of life
here and have postponed holiness for the
future. The people who hoid these views
have formed themselves into a brother
hood in order, they say, to make the king
dom of God once more the great object of
Christian preaching.
After stating the object of the brother
hood, Rev. Mr. Dietz said that for his own
part he dirt not look with any great ad
miration upon the movement, as he con
sidered it merely a step toward formulat
| ing a new sect, one that labors under a
false idea of tbe degeneration of the
church.
"Will the Brotherhood of the Kingdom
be able to unite all the so-called Chris
tians? ldo not think so. It is a hard task
to find out what they mean by the king
dom. Every organization whicn lives lov
incly together exemplifies the kingdom."
Dr. Dietz denied the charge of selfishness
brought by the brotherhood.
In the discussion the general opinion ex
pressed by the ministers was not one of in
dorsement of the brotherhood.
During the reports from churches Rev.
Dr. Russell expressed cratitude to Mr.
Yorke. "I do not say Father Yorke," he
said, "because the Bible teaches 'call no
man father.' He gave us v tine advertise
ment, and if he goes on we shall continue
to have crowded congregations."
llev. M. Karlson of the First Swedish
Baptist Cnurch, Oakland, has been cabled
back to Sweden to his congregation at
Mora from wnfch he only came away on
leave of absence. He goes away next
month. A call to the First Church has
been extended to Rev. Charles Palm of
Evanston, 111.
Congregational Paatora.
At the Congregational Monday Club
Rev. Dr. Pond spoke yesterday on the
"Resurrection of the Dead." He con
fessed his belief in resurrection, but not
of the body. He held that there are celes
tial bodies and bodies terrestrial and that
the Christian doctrine of the resurrection
of the dead stands for a continuous un
broken life, which does not go on, but
goes up.
In the discussion the ministers we«-e
about equally divided between belief in
resurrection with the earthly body and
resurrection as Dr. Pond had expounded it.
Christian I*as^>rs.
Rev. Dr. Gardiner read a paper before
the Christian Brethren yesterday on "How
to Make Our State Meeting a Success."
The meeting will taKe place at Santa Cruz
at the end of the present month.
TO BELIEVE THE LEPERS,
Dr. Goto's Remedies Now in
Constant Use at the
Pesthouse.
City Physician O'Brien Says They Will
Greatly Relieve the Unhappy
Patients.
The remedies of Dr. Goto for leprosy are
now in use at the Festuouse. Last Sun
day they were administered for the first
time to the patients, and so far as can be
judged ar • giving satisfaction, though sev
eral months will be required in which to
mate a thorough test.
It will be remembered that sometime
ago a private subscription for the Durchase
of the medicine was started by Supervisor
C. E. Benjamin, chairman of the Health
and Police Committee, and $200, the most
of which passed through the office of The
Call, was raised. Supervisor Benjamin is
in receipt of the following self-explanatory
letter from Frank Bindt of the hospital on
Twenty-sixth street:
Dear Sir: Your Hole of yesterday's date is
at hand. The medicine was safely delivered
here last evening. This morning Dr. O'Brien
came out and arranged for us to begin using
it to-morrow evening. The arrival of the
medicine has already put new life into the
people out here and I trust that the next six
month* will show a decided improvement in
them all.
On behalf of all the patients I sincerely
thank you for what you have done for us. We
also thank the people whoso kindly contrib
uted to the funa for the purchase of the medi
cine. 1 remain, very gratefully yours,
Frank Bindt.
"The remedies in use," said Dr. A. P.
O'Brien, the City Physician, "include
pills and a tea, which are taken internally
three times a day, and a bath, which is
used daily for six successive clays. While
leprosy is incurable, this treatment, which
is generally used in the leoer settlements
of the Sandwich Islands, will, I think, al
leviate the sufferings of the patients. It
heals the ulcers and cleanses the skin.
"There are fourteen lepers now in the
hospital, and the supply of medicine will
last for say six months. .If it results as
beneficially as we expect I should be
strongly in favor of continuing it. The
cost, I should think, would not exceed
$600 or $800 a year."
ALL-NIGHT CARS.
They Will He Put on in Connection
With the French Celebration.
Special arrangements have been made
by the Market-street Railway Company to
accommodate those who desire to partici
pate in the celebration of the Fall of the
Bastile next Tuesday at the Chutes Garden,
at the end of Haight street.
The Ellis and O'Farrell street cars will
run all night, and a special line of all.
nigiit cars will also be operated after 1
A. m. Cars will start at Bay and Powell
streets, thence run along Powell to Mont
gomery avenue, Broadway, Kearny,
Third, Mission, Sixteenth, Church, Fill
more, Oak, Stanyan and along the latter
to Haight. Cars will run as often as the
occasion may r- quire.
Service on the tf'olsom-street Jine began
yesterday. Fourteen cars were placed on
the line with six minutes' headway. They
will run from Twenty-sixth street to the
ferry.
An Englishwoman, coasting down the
steep bill above Dover, lost control of h*r
bicycle and ran into a regiment of volun
teers recently, but a serious accident was
avoided by her colliding first with the big
drum.
(lAS. LEVY ft CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street.
thTs day.
I"ii. •-.lay ...July 7, 1896.
At lOo'elo-k a m. at salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bpt. 7th and Bth,
IVK WII.I, SKI, I.
AN ELEGANT LINK OF FURNITURE,
Carpets, Stoves and Hanger; 1 Bar Counter
and Back Bar.
(HAS. LKVY A (IV. AurHoneern.
HARKENED TO A
PREACHERS WORDS
Why Emma Ashley Did
Not Take Her Own
Life.
REV. MR. BIRCH'S ADVICE
She Was in Despair Over a
Series of Adverse Cir
cumstances.
HER IDEA OF WOMAN'S HONOE.
A Resolution to Destroy Herself and
Family Changed by the Pas»
tor's Sermon.
"I was led last Sunday week," said
Pastor W. L. Birch on Sunday morning at
Calvary Church, "by an uncontrollable
impulse to speaK words of comfort to per
sons in trouble and to any who, through
burden of poverty or for fear of discovery
of wrongdoing, contemplated suicide.
Later on there came to me a well-bred
woman of irreproachable reputation, who
said she had been brought to despair by
reason of adverse circumstances, and who,
were she to do wrong, might bs lifted from
poverty. She, however, had refused to
swerve from woman's honor, but, feeling
that there was no hope in this world, she
had resolved that night to destroy herself
and her family.
"During the sermon she felt that by
second sight I knew her case, and her
brain became balanced with the result,
and, as with sobs and tears sbe told her
tale, she had not words to express her
gratitude at being saved from the deadly
crime for which she had prepared.
"She was a woman of good education
and musical genius, and since she has
friends in New York who would be able to
assist her, yet not able to send her money,
I should be glad if this wealthy congrega
tion and other benevolent friends would
raise a fund to send her there. Please
give the money to Thomas Magee of 4
Montgomery street or to S. H. Clement of
302 Montgomery street, who I hope may
obtain reduced rates from the railroad
company."
A lady of the congregation, in response
to the pastor's appeal, at once started the
relief fund with a subscription of $5.
"I feel bound," continued the pastor,
"to tell you of a matter which greatly pains
nie. I have been more than once at the
City Prison to see Miss Timma Ashley and
I took her my Bible, since the one she used
has been seized by the legal tribunal. She
had not any remembrance of buying the
pistol, and" the awful net she attempted
seems to her to have been done by some
other one. She believes that in the im
pulse of her unbalanced mind her first in
tention was self-destruction. Regarding
the act for which she is now in prison, she
can scarcely believe she did it. But that
she knows it is a fact as related by others.
"She and her sister have suffered much
hardship. Some days they have scarcely
anything to eat, and but for the comfort
derived from the services in this church
Lillian thinks alp would have broken
down. I should like to raise a little fund
to help them.
"But what I wished chiefly to say is
that I was completely upset by the scenes
in the City Prison. In one place, which
was < xactly like the den in a wild beast
show, were a number of wretched women
lying on the seats and floor, like bundles
of dirty clothes. When I looked into one
face, with compassion in my eyes, the
woman put her hands up and burst into
sobs. Another, about 18 years of age,
looked at me, crying 'Oh, God! 1
"In the wild-beast den, next to the
won<en, were a dozen or more men, but I
could not bear the sight of them, and the
horrid smell I inhaled made me sict.
Further on was another uage, with worse
criminals, one of whom clearly showed in
sanity in his eyes, and here the suffocating
stench would, 1 think, be only equaled by
the pestilence which so grieved John How
ard when he pleaded with the world for
humanity to be shown to prisoners.
"While the bands were playing, the
glorious American flag waving and the
joyous Fourth of July being celebrated by
the crowded thousands of this City, the
fifty prisoners referred to were suffering
from our unkindness in the City Prison,
and in the name of the sacred flag we rev
erence, which means justice and human
ity, I appeal for the removal of tho horrid
wrong which is perpetrated there.
"If the City cannot provide better
and more sanitary quarters, let us, as
benevolent men and women, build a new
temporary prison. Might not this work
be undertaken by the churches? If so, 1
shall be glad to set the righteous cause
afloat by giving a hundred dollars, and if
it may be permitted, I now offer my
services as chaplain to the prisoners."
Emma Ashley, the sister of Lillian Ash
ley, who recently took a shot at E. J.
Baldwin, seems to have been a lady of de
termination.
Distressed by poverty, her reason had
become so unbalanced that she had de
liberately resolved to make away, not only
with herself, but also with her n3ter and
her child, some days before the occurrence
of the court shooting scene.
She was an attendant of Calvary Pres
byterian Church, and it was in conse
quence of the services conducted by
Pastor Birch that she was led to
abandon her murderous ideas. Her reso
lutions, though, seem to have been
founded upon sand, for when she went
into court a few days later and witnessed
the humiliation and disgrace of her sister
Lillian she forgot herself, and, acting upon
a strong impulse, fired her pistol at the
millionaire, and fortunately missed.
This sheds a new light upon her dra
matic story.
Dr.-Birch intends seeing "Lucky" Bald
win, to ask him to become a joint bonds
man with himself for the release of Emma
Ashley until the day of trial.
• — ♦ •
Fifty-two per cent of the United States'
population are engaged in farmine.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl tfwl' HKAKJiY ST. Established
■*iPT^in 1H54 for the treatment of Private
mLfIV Diseases, Lost Manhood. ; Debility or
■»i£&XHA disease wearing on bodyandmiud and
vSfi B Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
JHH^H others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre»«rn»rnnt«-«-d. Callorwrite.
vr. J. ft. uiUBO.V. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
1314
CENSURE SUTRO'S
CAR SERVICE.
Western Improvement Club
Wants Cars to Geary
Street.
ONLY TWO CARS A DAY.
The First Evening Car Was
Run on the Fourth of
July.
A NEW ENGINE-HOUSE NEEDED
The District Wholly Without Fire
Protection in Case of a General
Alarm.
At a regular meeting of the Western Im
provement Club last night innumerable
grievances of various natures were acted
upon. One of the foremost of t lie grievances
is against Mayor Sutro for the manner in
which he runs the branch of hia road on
Central avenue soutft of Sutter street.
The club says that the franchise in
cluded this part of Central avenue. Only
two cars in the morning have been run on
this part of the road. The first car in the
evening was run on the Fourth of July
nicht. This car was luminous with a
multitude of electric lights, but further j
than the electrical display the car was of
little use to the inhabitants of that part of
Richmond. The ciub censures the lack of
car service on t is part of the Sutro line.
It was said that the Supervisors had the
same right to puli up the rails on this
street as they had on Bush street. The
people there want a car service from Geary
street to Sutter street. It was said that
instead of making a terminal point at
Geary street Sutro has made a terminal
point at Sutter street. The terms of the
franchise state that the terminal point
shall be at Geary street.
The club also protests against the present
system in vogue on the road of charging
those who live alone the road twice the
rate that people from the ferry have to
pay.
They claim that persons starting from
the ferry pay 5 cents ana are entitled to a
ride clear to the Cliff House, thereby pay
ing only '2% cents to the Sutro road.
Those living along the road west of Cen
tral avenue are obliged to pay 5 cents also
for the short ride toward the Cliff House.
The club censured an obstruction of a
fence on the corner of Geary street and
Central avenue, and desired t at the
proper authorities may take action to
have the fence moved back to the iiue of
property.
A letter of thanks was written to Arch
bishop Kioraan for his prompt action in
having a sustaining wall built along the
south side of Calvary Cemetery. A letter
of thanks was also accorded the contractor,
Patrick Broderick, lor his efficient work
in building the sustaining wall along the
nortu side of the cemetery. This wall
averages twenty feet in height and was
built on the action of the Street Commit
tee that widened Geary street five leet at
this point.
It was recommended that a fare-engine
house be built on the proi erty near li.c
corner of Geary and Central avenue. Now j
in case of a general alarm the district
would De entirely without lire protection
as the chemical engine has been taken
away. During the Fourth an engine from
the corporation yards was stationed in
Colonel Coakley's barn. Ten extramen
were also stationed at this place. The
engine and men were removed yesterday.
1 lie lot near Geary street recommended
by the ciub is said to be the most suitable
location for an engine-house in the dis
trict. In case of a lire, no matter in what
direction, the engine would descend a bill
in responding to an alarm. From this
point the grade descends down Geary
street. Central avenue, Point Looos aye"- j
nue and Masonic avenue toward the park.
The club strongly recommends that this
piece of property be purchased for tiiis
purpose.
The Richmond Banner has lately
changed hands, the present editor and
proprietor b-ing Walter L. Lyons. The
first issue was publi*hed on July 3.
The sandhill on the corner oi First aye- •
nue and Geary street is rapidly being torn j
down, and the sand taken from it is being |
placed in the low lands of the old Bay
District racetrack property.
Thf also resolved to" suggest to the
Richmond Improvement Club that it in
terview the Street Committee with a view
to having Fifth avenue improved. It was !
stated that deep ruts in the roaa made
traveling over it not only unpleasant, but
almost impossible.
NEW DEMOCRATIC CLUB.
Representative Men of the Western
Addition to Organize for Practi
cal Politics.
The formation of a new Democratic po
litical club is being agitated out in the
Western Addition to comprise the repre
sentative Democratic politicians of the
Fortieth and Forty-first districts.
The club will probably be organized this
week or the week following. It will be
known as the "Jefferson Club of the West
ern Addition." Among those who are said
to be interested in it are: William O'Neil,
K. Gallagher, Colonel Coakley, E. Koch
W. Kelly, T. O'Brien, P. Epan. T. Brady',
J. Welsh, Daniel Shurin, W. Gleason,
Louis Tresmont and many otuers.
All of these men are prominent business
men of the Western Addition.
It is predicted that E. Gallagher will be
the presiding officer of the club. He is a
man who has iiad a good deal of experi
ence in politics, is well versed in parlia
mentary law, and also possesses much ex
ecutive ability.
Billy O'Neil is spoken of as secretary.
He is also a man who has had much ex
perience, having been secretary of many
prominent organizations.
PIONEERS IN HARMONY,
There Is Only One Regular
Ticket Which Will Be
Voted Tc-Day.
E M. Root, N mince for President, a
Resident oi This City for Thirty
Years.
The annual election of the Society of
California Pioneers is to take place to-day.
The polls »vill be open from 9 a. m. to 5
P. M. So far there is but one ticket in the
held, the regular ticket, and, in the absence
of any competing ticket, it is reasonably
fcure of election. Following are the nom
inees:
For president, Elliot IC. Root; Tic-presi
dents. Xiles Searls, San Francisco, Jecub Z.
Davis, San Francisco, <'. T. Ryland, San Jose,
T. L. Barker, Oaklami. Howard Havens, Ala
meda; treasurer, John I>. Tallaut; nmrslial,
John X I'inkliani; aircctoit., H. N. Tilden,
CliHrles M. Plum, J. H. Jewflt, Avlctt R. <ot
toii, U. H. Ri^s, K. T. Kruce, Wek-'rield Baker,
Leon Sloss, C. J. King*
H. N. Tilden, the retiring president, in
his annual ieport. says: "Harmony and
good fellowship, so essential to the pros
perity of all societies, prevail among us;
kindly attention and generous assistance
i> being rendered to our »v ?*d and infirm
members who require a helping hand to
smooth the pathway of life which still
lies before them.
"The sum of $10,805 50 has been expended ,
for rrlief purooses during the past year, it
being the largest amount in any one year
since t c organization of the society.
"On the 12th day oi December, 1889,
$300,000 was borrowed by the society trum
tlie trustees oi the James Lick estate for
tbe purpose of erecting the building we
now occupy. The note of the society was
given for that amount, drawing interest at
5 per cent per annum, secured by mort
gage on the Fourth-street lot and improve
ment, the Lick trustees paying the taxes
on the property. Interest on the note
was regularly charged to the society, but
not paid, and at the time the finai settle
ment was made amounted to $82,991 43.
"With the kindly ;co-operation and as
sistance of the Lick trustees the matter
was pushed through the Probate Court and
a final decree obtained.
"Although the annual income of the so
ciety has been increased some $9000 a year
by the closing up of the Lick trust, yet in
the coming year tbe expenditures will
probably exceed the income by some
$6000.
"Taxes on the new hall and lot, amount
ing to about $3'_'oo, which were formerly
paid by the Lick trustees, will have to be
paid now by the society, and unless fur
ther donations to the relief fund are made
by our well-to-do members, from $10,000
to $12,000 a year will be required for that
purpose.
"To provide for the feeble and needy
senior members of the society is our first
and most sacred duty, and so much of the
Erincipal of the trust fund placed in our
ands by our great benefactor, James
Lick, as is required for their proper main
tenance may, and I think should be, used
for that purpose. I believe, however, thst
this fund should be preserved as far as
possible for revenue purposes, thus insur
ing the perpetuation of the society for all
time to come, which evidently was the in
tention of its founders, as expressed in
Article lof the constitution: 'In all ap- j
propriate matter to advance the interest
and perpetuate the memory of those
whose sagacity, enerjry and enterprise in- i
duced them to settle in the wilderness and i
become the founders of a new ttate.'
"It was for^tl*; effectual carrying out of
this and other objects that the descend- j
ants oi Pioneers were made eligible to j
membership."
"On the tirst of June," says Marshal J.
F. Pmkham, in his report, "I received an
invitation from the executive committee !
of the semi-centennial celebration at So- ,
noma of the hoisting of the Bear Fiag in- !
viting me to be present at such cele- !
bration with as many Pioneers ;
as could go. There was quite a |
large delegation present. Under the
direction of our president, H. N. Tilden,
I had an exact copy made of the original
Bear Flag, now in" possession of the so- !
ciety, and presented it to ihe committee I
at Sonoma. I also at their request read :
the proclamation of Captain William B.
Ide, issued at the time ot the capture of
that town. Altogether the celebration was
a success.''
Elliot M. Root, the president, who will
be elected to-day, is the surviving partner
of the wholesale grocery firm of Root &
Sanderson and now the president of the
Atlantic Dynamite Company, and is well
known In social and business circles. He
is a native of New York and has resided
in San Francisco for the last thirty-two
years.
WILL BE BURIED TO-DAY.
Funeral of George Wallenrod tnder
the Auspices of Fraternal Societies.
The remains of George Wallenrod will
be buried this morning under the auspices
of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, Imp. O. it. IC,
and Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
T!ie funeral services will be held at 113
Geary street, and the interment will be
made at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The Coroner's inquest yesterday brought
out th 6 usual verdict in such cases, that
deceased had come to his death from a
self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Not until alter the funeral will the local
theatrical fraternity take action in ngard
to holding a benefit for the widow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A W Fellows, Chicago M Finnger, Angel
1" M Bailey. San Rafael C H Meis, Cinnabar
C H Powers, Ohio R it White, N V
.1 E Jon. ifc w, N V R B Kddy it w, N V
!<; F Reynolds, Chicago 11 Mown, Chicago
J a Howurd, Boston I) A McAmber, Los Ang
F Martin &w, .\ntloch J Schander, Healdsburg
Miss A Kedmond, or J 11 Hill, x-lnait
X B Laiues, st Paul John Ober, Soledad
J E Monitor), Cozmold D Ward, Los An,-
J McConuell, J.os Aug C W Irish, Los Ang
Li Miller. Ontario J Griffin. Lory
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss Kennedy, Scotland Miss A Kennedy.Scotlnd
j W J Caliiil, > V I Guodwillie, N V
! C Aull it w, Foisom Countess Le Marios & m,
A it Whitney, Everett Paris
S block. Chicago Mrs WE Buson, Los Ang
W a Hughes, I'SN Edgar Buson, Los Angel
R A Parker, Boston E \V Janso , London
V C iarbuit, London Miss Sullivan, Chicago
Clara Cudahy, Chicago Cecelia Cudahy, Chicago
Mrs II E foster, Uonolu Dr Pauliu, Portland
L I) Haas, San Jose Mrs Paulin, Portland
Mrs L D Haas, San Jose Jamen Green, D C
] T H Short, Fresno Mrs James Green, D C
\V G Higgins. Chicago Major HA Bunleit, Wash
C M Taylor <fe w, PUilu Mrs 15art ett. Wash
J H L Holcombe, I' S N <> II Brown, Edinburgh
J V Bull, Kaston. Pa Mrs J V Bull, Easton, Pa
Misa J Bull, Easton, Pa Helen M Bull, Kaston, Pa
LICK HOUSE.
H Eastlngbouser.S Louis Miss Lotta Henion, Ore '
Miss X Henion, Portland Mrs ii Clark, .Sacramento •
L M Ellis, M I), Denver J 1) Armstrong, Denver
CW Palne&wf.Highiarid Miss AdairA niece, Los A I
W H Cleary Jr. s.,.ep Kb Mrs Mecuin <t son, L Ang
DSO'Caliahan, ban Cruz H. J Coke & wf. Coos Bay
M Coleman, Cal I L Delano, Itocklm
JosMTopmoe.ler, MD, OB TopiiiO-ller, Ohio
I. W Allen, San Jose H P Basaferd «fc wf, Cal
Jno H Cummings, Chico Chas Straub. St Louis
D J Mannlx, Sacramento J \V Parker, Salinas 1
P Hopps' Salinas . Ous STurner.Sacramento
Jno J Kearsey, Oregon F J Agnew, salt Lake
Lon Agnew, Salt L:»ke M A Kurlander, s Rosa
W summers, S Le&ndro J Cope. and, Valleclto
J C i rome, Portland A B Hotchkiss <fe wf, L A '■
J X Webb, Fresno W v Kempinskey, Wash '
J R English, Vall<'jo C Steenbergu. Brent wood j
; Mrs .M May, San Jose . San'l McCullougb, H Jose. ;
IW H Wood, San Jose Jno H Wood, New York
Geo X Porter, California Joshua Green, Miss
Jas II FtTkL.s, Seattle Pa ntockwelt, Illinois
ii >' Boggs, Stockton Horace Vincent, siocktn
RUSS HOUSE.
A C Clark, Bakrr?field Mrs F A Judd
T Diamond, Virginia C Mrs L D Pisl, Santa Cruz
W IS Hergingor, Cal. I H Martin ife son, Cal
IP.- acerta, Redding P Patterson, Kidding
ÜBBCOU, Oregon s M Doyle, Stockton
S a Swartbout, Mcjave Major J C Pico, Oakland
W E smith <fe w, Cal Miss Smith, Cal
C W Harvey. Cal ". Prof Miicorf it w. 111
T Gates. San Mateo • J L West, orland
(A Phip|is,Siicramento F Ha Sacramento
o Koch, Sacramento Mrs S Miller, San Jose
F A Mock ford. Oakland X Dougherty, Oakland '
Mm Hartsauft, Plnln . 1 M Mamsiell, Modesto
G Wesson, Blue Canyon C ii Spivey, U S N
M Cotlin, Santa Cruz C W \<!amson, l'etaluma
G C Mm in. Sacramento H W cbitieno.-n, (al
C J Fits. San Jose A Goodby, Portland
M Mhlli, sa.ii Jose Miss A rcihlll, San Jose
T Nihili, San Jose Win WoodDurn, -Nev
W A Dudley. Cal W L I-ovelace, Maxwell
J W Frolick, Detroit C A Clark. Bakerslield
< ill AND HOTEL.
Miss A Halt. Nana J Johnston, Vallejo
X Downs. Los Angeles P Mus«?rave, London
Miss M Tobln, Vallejo Miss C Brennan, Valieio
T G Lewis, AUmeda J a Wood, Denver
11 i; Goodell, Sacto Mrs W Eckhard, Sacto
Miss X Brenner, Sacto ])r Oliobant, Portland
J \\ Keys, Portland F c swain &w, Oakland
WSi encer & m (McM aQ 11 awes Jr. Cal
P I) Hatch, Novato g Wiaseman, Sacto
II P Nash, Sacramento Mrs Petr.gr. w \al
T V steele, Los aii; C \v Murphy, Lo« Ane
Mss Rice Los Angeles Miss Shields, Los Ang
Mis i M shields, Los Ang Miss Lay, Tacoraa
E irhombelr, i os Ang Miss V liufl'et-, Cal
G Perley. Modesto G W Boltor: A w, La
Miss MCalderwood, La D J Stevens EU Grove
Mis* L i.obert^, Manfrd M V Brown. Los An'
il a Jaeger. Honolulu Miss Hilton &n. Valieio
G X Josephs, >apa J A Josephs, Napa
Miss Mays, Sacio Miss Baker. Sacto
Mrs A Fustan, Lodl H Adams, Los Galos
Mrs Goldman, NY Miss Ada Hatch. N V
T a smiih, Fresno B <• Kane, Santa Rosa
a <; Ueeaer, < al , SSI Spencer, .-siorktoi,
AN Belt, st Helena J Cuvanagh. Pe:aluma
Miss i avana«h; Ptalma MrsJ VV Willem Sncto
W M Hcrmau.sn Martn C Erlskson, Hn Luis < -bsp
(JiisiVti.Ms.n Sn Luis' )b W A.seaniau, Sta MarU
<; II Bartiett, Ventura T Hanrihan.Arroyo Grde
F Con. st,, Rosa vKT Schow, cto
J s Mills, Stockton J i: Tlce, >toci:ton
S F liownlnc.Sioux City D MaJi'.ot, Portland
N E Leek, Modesto Mrs C M Wllber.Stockton
J Keck, Fin j \v Walters<kw,Rd Bluff
C A Bodwell.Gaatemala J Voiypka, Vallejo
TTTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 189(5.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTJBINEBB OFFICE of tbe San Francisco Call
•:o Market street, open until 13 o clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 830 Montgomtry KNM
forner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epea
antll 9 o'clock.
S6IS Mlulob atreet, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK OF JUKETINGs.
JTS? GOLDtN GATE LODGE NO. 30, "•
Ik^y F. and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS
(TUESDAY') EVENING, July 7, at 7:30^5'
o'clock. 'V'
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
]KS» ORIENTAL LODGE NO 144, F. M
hr*£? & a. M. — Stated meeting THIS £\
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. »[!lf
A. S. HUBB \RD. Sec r^gr^
StZSF PACIFIC LODGE NO. 1 36, F. AN D Jk
ur*& A M.. 121 Eddy su— Stated meet- ffk
iugTHISEVENING. at 8 o'clock. T&.J?
GEORGE PKNLIN(;TON. Sec. /V^
WT^S' CALIFORNIAVHAPTEH BiaS, ■
»-*' R. A. • M.. will meet THIS (TUKs-
DA Y> EVENING, July 7, nt 7:30 o'clock 'jSJXF
Stated meeting and B, A. degree. By order '^r >
of the H. if. FRAN KLIN 11. DAY, Sec
r^ V. O. F.— VETERAN ODD
m-S' Fellows will meet at the grand •3js?23b>Sk=
secretary's office, Odd Fellows' Hall, -zS^SBF-^
on WEDNESDAY EVENING, July ■^'/l»^~
8, at 7:30 sharp for the purpose of paving a frater-
nal visit to Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 194.
C. a Bt-Bios, . W. 8. DRYDEN,
Act in-,- Secretary. President.
»--» MAGNOLIA LODGE NO. 29.
*•& I. O. O. F.— Otticers and brothers $<ss!fe
of the lodge and order please attend
the meeting of tbe lodge THIS (TIES-
DAY) EVENING and assist at the installation of
the oflicers. SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
BT^> THE OFFICERS AND MEM- •«t^ n^ l
•»- 6^ bers of Manzanita Tribe No. 4,vl( t Oa.
Improved Order of Red Men, are re- _2»jES
quested to assemble at their Wigwam on 1 IKs
DAY MORNING, July 7, 1896. at 9 o'clock sharp,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, GEORGE V. WALLENROD. -Mem-
bers of sister tribes are respectfully Invited to at-
lend. L. RECKLESS, Chief of Records. ,
F. J. Fuller, sachem.
r^AKXCAL MEETING IMPROV- ->.
s>-»^ ed Order of Red Men's Hall Asso-*^VJ^j(»
elation of San Francisco.— The annual i^S^-
meeting of tbe stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will be held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post si., for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYN, President.
William J. Smith, Secretary.
»^g=> SPECIAL MEETING OF THE BRICK-
Cb"Js' layers' International Union No. 1 at 220
Mason st. TO-NIGHT. All sojourning members
please attend. THOS. O'CONNOR, President.
John Mccarty Secretary.
i£^S= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
•> > -* annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco and .-an Joaquln Valley Railway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1 h96, at the
hour of a p. m., for the purpose or electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
gF^s=" THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
B*--* stockholders of t ho Edison Light and Power
Company, for :he election of directors for the en-
suing year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a the company's office, 229 Steven-
son st-, San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will clone July 3, at sp. m. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. GREEN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notices.
JK5*" j co£umbus savings and loan so^
&-& cieij- , 614 Washington street. The directors
havedeclaredtbe following semi-annual dividend*;
4.32 De* cent per annum on term and 3.60 pet cent
per annum on ord nary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1898, F. N. BELGR A NO, Secretary.
It^S 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
J»~-& Loan society, 101 Montgomery »t.. corner
Sutter. For the half-year ending June SO, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of lour and
thirty-two one huodredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
spkclal- NOTICES.
aPii=»~TH£i secret a r y of^tlif! San
sfr-J^ Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives notice that the following or-
phan and hall-orphan girls and boys have been
' admitted to this institution from January Z, 1896,
; to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
E. Kelly, 12 yrs.: Maud A. B:ood\vorth, 12 yrs.':
, En ma G. Maas. 6 yrs.; Eveline Griawoid, 6 yrs.:
! Lovina M. Sorb, 11 yrs.; Lillie M. Robbins, 11
' yrs.: Eva L. Robbins, 9Va yrs.: Alice M. Kobbins.
8 yrs.; Mary Goetr, 9 yrs.; Mary J. Peterson, 10
yrs.; Bessie M. Peterson, 3 yrs; Marion Fi z?er-
ald, 11 yrs.: Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs. : William A.
Scott, 10 yrs.: Harry Clements. i'J - 2 yrs.; Clyde
Clements, 11 yrs.; Edwin Clements. 9 yrs. ; Charles
E. Korb, 10 yrs. : George A. Korb, 8 yrs.; William
F. Korb, 7 yrs.; Philip Mshhas, 10 yrs.: Majll
Mahhas, 8 yrs.: John L. McGowan, 6 yrs : V'llroy
H.^laas, Byrs.; William H. Maa.s, 3 yrs.; Robert
: R Golden. 6 yrs. ; Edwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.: Frank-
lin J. Korb, 6 yrs. : John H. Korb, 12 yrs.: Samuel
\ D. Korb. 2 yr.-. : Waiter J. Murdock, 8 -. rs. ; George
C. Bobbins, 6 yrs.: Richard 11. Jirjens, 9 yrs.;
William 1.. Jirjens. 7 yrs. : George Jlrjen", 5 yrs.:
Edward Goetz. 8 yrs.: Walter Goetz, 4 yrs. ; James
F. Peterson. 5 yrs.: Boy Sobey, 4 yrs. Gerald
Fitzgerald, 9 yr-\, and Georse Lon -. 9 yrs.
BCTSP NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
R^^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St.,
►•an Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from
April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons,
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 years; Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Hat Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged ti years; Benlah Josephs, aged 4
years; Alice C. Laulau, aged 2 years; Olga Maria
Lund berg, aged 3 years.
r3i ALL PERSONS having served as
i"^-* 7 jurors In criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18,230 Montgomery st.
j J. P. DAMERON.
| Dt^» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
«**' collections made, city or country. . Pacific
j Collection Co., 416 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
[ g*T^S» DRS. HOIV-MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
j >r-*^ moved to 1370 Market : poor treated free.
| ~ — l "^ l^— ' — —^™^ ~"— """"^ "^^—
SITUATIONS WANTIiL»-FJiaiAL,JS.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 GEARY ST.,
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
| at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
VOUN'i GIRL, GOOD COOK, WISHES A SIT-
• 1 uation: waxes $12 to $15. Apply to MRS.
| HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
! WOMAN WANTS HOME; WILLING to
i TT work: good housekeeper. Address 8. A., box
11. Call Office.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DOGENERAL
VJ housework; Is good cook. Please call 2417
Clay st.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITUA-
TT tlon; city or country; good cook; do general
housework. Call for two days 221 Minna st.
RESPKCTABLE WOMAN WANTS TO DO
XX housework a few hours a day. Address MRS.
i ■W., 1432 Mission St. - ,
COMPETENT MIDDLE- AGED WOMAN
/ wishes a situation as housekeeper, or would
i take charge of rooming-home; country preferred.
[ Address B. N., box 78. Call Office.
ArOUNO GEKMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE
X for general housework and cooking. Call 226
Third St., upstairs.
"yOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X clerk In bakery or confectionery store. Address
MISS E. H., box »1, Call Office.
Y<>UNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X traveling companion; will make herself gener-
ally useful: understands sewing and music Call
or address 5.6 Stockton st. ' '
yODNG woman desires SITUATION IN
X nice family for light housework; no washing;
sewing and curing for children; music- it desired!
Call or address 616 Stockton st. j
pOMPETENT WOMAN: FIRST-CLASS COOK
V^and laundress; would no-, object to housework*
would keep house fora widower where there are
children; city or country. Call 2030 Pine St., near
Buchanan.
TF YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE FOR
■ x light housekeeping, city or country, address
MRS. It., box 134, Call Office.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the (lay washing and Ironing: best of city
references. Call or address J., 203 Fourth, teastore.
COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES A
V--' position to do upstairs work or general
housework in German or American family. Ad-
dress BERTHA RUSTMANN, 1430 McAllister.
/ 1 erman woman wants work by the
' I day, washing. Ironing, hous9 or office clean-
ing. Address 612 Minna St.
if ELIAHLE GIRL WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
IV work or second work and assist with the care
of child or invalid lady: wages $20; city or coun-
try. 813 Harrison st.
ITU ATI ON WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
Swedish widow in a lodging-house or small
family or to work in a kitchen; no objections to
the country. Please address for 3 days MRS. W.
M. T., box 96. Call Office.
DISH W ASHING BY A STEADY YOUNG
woman: would do work of any kind: care of
children and mending, or cure of an Invalid lady
competent. O 0., 746 Mission st, near the church!
COMPETENT WOi'.KINO HoUSr.KEEPEIt
I / wants situation. Call or adddress M. SMITH
15 Van Ness. '
IDDLE-AGKD GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
a situation In > private family; Is a good coo
and will do general housework; good reference.
Call 746 Mission st. -■
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK
X or washing by the day. 1105 Pierce su, down
it is. .
SITUATIONS WANTKO-Continued.
* FIRST. CLaSS SWEDISH COOK AND
■*>- laundress desires situation: best references:
city or country. M iss CU LLEN, 328 Sutter.
"V» HIM, MAN AMI WOMAN WOULD LIKE
x steady positions on same place: woman good
cook; man understands care of horses: city or
country. Please call or write room 195, Golden
\V est Hotel, San Francisco.
DEFINED YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN
xi> wishes a stuatlon; Is willing to make berse f
useful in any way desired; a good home and kind
treatment more to be desired than large wases.
Call or address 5 Post court, off Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin.
YOUNG GERMAN NTS Oh NERAL
x housework, cleaning, washing, Ironing, etc.
Call or address 4i5 O'Farrell st.
I ADY, THOROUGHLY COMPETENT, DE-
J-' sires 'umily sewing; go out b.- the day or take
home; no objection to coing to country for short
time. MRS. P.. 119 Ninth st., second Mat.
GIRL. 15, wants situation to take
vj care of children and assist in light housework.
Address 14 Isis St., off Twelfth.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
"J / kind of work by the day: $1 a day. Call
oraddreaa bO2 Howard.
"yVUNO GIRL WISHES situation TO-DO
... ou , ' work in respectable family. Apply 119
1 ■ :iu Ohi^s near Twenty-second, in rear; sleep home
\\ ii">\\ WOULD LIKE A POSITION. AS
JI hoirsekeept-r; plain sewing. Address 821
Mission st., loom 1.
0 ITUATION WANTED BY A PERSON NOT
JJ long from the East to do housework In a small
family, or would assist with any kind of work;
good cook ; please state wages. M. A., box 144, Call
yOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X t on In private family to uo general housework.
Apply 1326 Florida st.
PORTION BY AN EXPERIENCED REBPEC-
x table young lady to do upstairs or second work
Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda. Address JU-
LKI I X ROBBINS. care of MRS. W. J. REID,
san Leandro, Cal.
I ADY, SEVERAL MONTHS IN CITY, DE-
*J sires an opportunity to teach children German
ianiruuiie: wages $16 month; best references.
4t>Hi. 2 Jessie st.
TfO HOUSEWIVES — COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
x ment Agency. 128 Fourth St., furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel, black 353.
GERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK, WISHES A
VJ Place in private family; city references. 617
Sacramento at.
y«.UNG GERMAN GIRL, 15 YEARS OLD,
x would like a position to assist with light house-
work; no postals. 1623 Powell st., rear, top floor.
T\RESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
L' day in families: terms $125 per day In dull
seasou. Address Dressmaker, 917 Pacific st.
1 RESSJJAKER. FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
' litter, f1 25 per day. 5 Ewing place, off La-
guna, bet, Batter and Post.
"CURST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS FEW
X more engagements; SI a day or at home; waists
and chlldien's clothes .i specialty. 228 seventh sU
L' I I'.ST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE
x work by the day or work home; fit guaranteed;
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
kj tlon as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin st., room S. \
COM PET I- NT 1 YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with clii wishes housekeeper's position, rnam-
berwork or sewing; city or country. Call or ad-
Ureas 917 Market st.. room 19.
L" BENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALIFOR-
X n:a. 1520 Clay si.; reliable families can en-
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable young wet-
nurse; second, a fine seamstress and maid: third,
a competent French cook. Apply at once at above
address.
\\T INCH lER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
"Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
f1 50 to $ 6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana baggage to and Jrom the ferry.
Mil A I I WAXTKD-MALE.
CR. HA^XsliSr^cTxriio^GEXßYllTTFUß^
. nisb haymakers. . threshing crows, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
CHIN ess AND JAPANESE RELIABLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ft CO.. 640 Clay.
T> COOK'.-S >"< . SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X .branches -.short notice. 14 Geary, tel. Grants
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice; best help. 314 Slitter: tel Grant 30.
i CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ cilice; best help. 41 4 O'Farrell; teL K. 423.
'OUNG AND ACTIVE SWISS WANTS A
X situation: is a good milker and driver: .«praks
German and French. Apply C. MULLER, Win-
chester House, Third st., room 80.
OTATIONARY ENGINEER WANTS WORK:
O can do repairing. Address Engineer, box 66,
Call Office.
\ I AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS;
'♦1 man tocoole and bake; wife assist In kitchen
or housework in institution or resort; best of ref-
erence. add 1 1 221 M. na st. ■
oit uation wanted by YOUNG man
O and wife (with no children) In hotel, restaurant
or in private family, or on farm: best of references,
i ii 1 or address H. BISSEIL, 1807 Mission at.
GERM 25 YEARS OF AGE, WANTS A
VJ" position in a grocery-store to learn the busi-
ness. Address C. W., box 146, Call Office.
'ANTED— POSITION AS NIGHT OR DAY
TT watchman; sober, reliable man; good refer-
ence. Address W. 11. L., 75« Folsom st.
i\ ANTED-BY A YOUNG MAN. TO APPREN-
" lice to a blacksmith: one year's experience;
pood reference: town or country. Address D. J.,
box 137. Call Office.
/ 1 ARDENER WANTSSII UATION;PRIVATE
VJ or public. U.S. -MURRAY, box 74, Call Office.
pAN AN HONES [', X M PER ATE MAN SE-
\J cure employment, to care for horses, drive
wagon, or bo genera:ly usefu: in various ways?
wages no object; employment required; reference
or security. Address 8. 11 , 326 Valencia st.
QITB A Tin WANTED BY YOUNG M a
0 as elevator boy or In office: wage* no object.
all or address 1009 Fifth su, Oakland.
( 1 ARDENEK WANTs SITUATION; UNDER-
"' stand-! milking and general work about the
place; references. Address Gardener, 271 Steven-
s )ii st.
T7V GERMAN COOK AND BAKER. CALL
LJ 810 Mission st., room 2, lower floor.
L"A-TKK.N BREAD-BAKER WANTS A SIT-
-Lj uuiiuti in first-class shop; any hand; city or
country. Call or address 201 Ash av<-.
BAKER-GOOD BREAD AND CAKE BAKER
requires situation. ERNEST CLAYTON, 13
Hampton place, off Foisom St., bet. Second and
Third.
VT EAT YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION AS
-i-' porter in a wimhouse or wholesale place. Re-
fer to 1. ■• Jessie su
\ r OU ' • MAN WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
J. in driving milk waion wishes position of any
kind. G. 11., Call Branch Office, Mission.
SITUATION BY .STEADY, SOBER MAN ON*
0 private place; understands horses, cows and
1 lain gardening: 5 years In last place; good refer-
ences. Address C. A., box 11, Call Office, Oakland.
UTLER. AMKRIC \. WITH BEST REFER.
ences, will take place for $:-i0; competent, so-
ber, neat, willing. Butler, box 3, Call Office, Oakld.
STE A DV, INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN UK-
>~ sires situation In store or office; thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; first-class references.
Address G. 8., box 144. this olllne.
AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
x\- class Eastern nnd San Francisco references,
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call Office.
•yOUNG MAN (22) SIRES POSITION IN
X private family to car. 1 for horses; can milk and
understands plain gardening; can furnish refer-
ence if required. X., box 165, Call Office.
yul.N G . GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER,
X cabinet-maker and general mechanic with
tools wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st.
YOUNG SWEDISH MAN WANTS SITUA-
X tlon: city or country: good driver: under-
stands care of borees and garden; also good
milker; references. Address M. U, box 166. Call.
l\' ANTED— SITUATION AS ADVERTISING
TT agent to advertise a large firm la Oregon and
Washington. Address P., box 66, this office.
STRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES SlTU-
atlon of any kind. 656 Na'.oma st.
STEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
tion, city or country : good driver, understands
horses; wages low. i:.' S., box 102. Call Office.
\\r ANTED— BY i WELL-MANNERED AND
TT well-educated young Hollanders, positions as
butler and couch in ua: they prefer to remain to-
gether. Address W. l;., box 61, Call Office.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TI Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tre» bus ami bagyaceioand from the ferry.
INCHES'! HOUsE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
room-,; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
««-ek; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the ex per: ins; of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C.,.
box 137, Call Office.
I I.MALK 111-LP WANTED.
WANTED— COOK AND SMALL WASHING,
tt $25 : 2 waitresses hotel, city, $20; young nurse-
girl, country, $12: nurse, city, $12; cook, country,
$25: colored girl for nousework, $20.- LEON
ANDRE, 315 Si oca- ton SL "
V\ anted-oi:rmangikl,2sTo 30 YEARS
»t of ag.-. for cooking: 4 in family; city; $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st
\V"ANTED-GERMAN GIRL, ABOUT 25
» 'years of ace. to attend bakery and act as
cashier, city, $30 and board; must be experi-
— ceo. C. E. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
VI ■ ANTED— HEAII WAITRESS. COUNTRY
" hotel. $25 to $30. see parties 1 1 a. m. at our
office: waitress for country hotel. $20: second
girl for country. 2 in family. $16: colored girl for
general housework, city. $.0: Scandinavian girl,
general housework,, s2o> a'so girls of all nationali-
ties for general, housework and cooking. Apply
C R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary su ■
WOMAN ABOUT 25 YEARS OF AGE TO AT-
# tt iHiui to the female department of our office.
C. K. HANtsEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
HKLP WANTED-Continned.
/■^OOK.^A^MArIEoTi^bTsMALL. BOARDING^
V' house: 15 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 6 young t iris, assist, *10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Batter st. -.- -.
COOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, ALAMEDA CO.;
_ $25. Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
C<3oK, COUNTRY"; $30. MISS CULLEN. 323
Slitter st. '* »" -■ :• '• ;-
( OOK, MINING CAMP; $25. MISS CULLEN,
VJ 323 sutter st. - ■
OC WAIIRKSSKS. COUNTRY HOTELS,
~O springs, resorts, etc., $20. Call early. MUR-
RAY «te READY, 634 Clay st. ■
pH.VMBERMAIDAND WAITRESS, STEADY,
yJ country hotel, $20 each; waitresses, Santa
Cruz, $20 each: waitress, near city, $20. MUR-
RAY it READY, 634 Clay St.
~O.MAiN GENERAL WORK, MECHANICS'
boarding - city, $18. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. '
WANTED — PROTESTANT LAUNDRESS,
TT $30; ironers, $28; 6 waitresses, resorts, board-
ing-houses and restaurants. *-0 and $6 a week; 2
waitresses, springs, $20; German chambermaid
and 'cashier, $30 and board: Protestant second
girl, $20: pantry girl. $7 a week: dishwasher lor
restaurant, $20 ;;cooks, girls for housework, etc.,
$20 to $30: young girls. $12 and $15. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 312 Sutter. : •
\\r AITRKSM, $25 AND ROOM; WAITRESS,
TT $6 a week; chambermaid, $10; waitress, city,
$20 and roam: girl for German and Jewish cook-
ing, $25; girl tor Oakland, no washing, -(); 2 uir 8
for German and 'Jewish cooking, $20, city; 11
housegirls, $15; 7 iMMWUIIIIS $vJO; 13 young , iris,
$8, $10 and $12 per month assist, etc., nice fami-
lies. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market St.. telephone Main 1849.
EAT GIRL TO HELP IN BAKERY AND
-Li do ll<ht chamberwork, German preferred: 2
girls, 16, to care lor children; 2 girls, light house-
work. Employment Office, 128 Fourth st.
0 COOKS, $25; INFANT SNURSE,S2O; SEAM-
— stress, $25: waitress. $20; 6 girls for house-
work. MRS. HIKD, 721 Ellis st.
\\J AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, S2S. HOTEL
TT GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANTED- YOUNO"~GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT
TV housework. 1427 Fulton St., near Baker.
ANTED-839 ELLIS ST., GIRLTO LEARN
dressmaking; will have a good home ; refer-
ence required. -
V"OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work and learn sewing. 1133 Polk st.
A'OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
A sleep home. 1011 Buchanan st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
of baby: must sleep at. home; references re-
quired. 2108b Post st., from 9to 12.
IKL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK, LIGHT
VJ cooking; $15: refs. 121614 Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN GiRL FOR GENbRAL HOUSE-
VJ wor~. 1608 Ellis St. '____
GIRI,— 10 TO 12; CARE OF BABY FOR MRS.
E. M. HYMES. Slssons, CaL
\k r ANTED— PANTS FINISHER; MUST BE
TT first-class 724 Vi Market street, room 27.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
TT housework, family' of 3; wages $10. Apply
311 San Jose aye., near Tweuty-rifth-street depot.
I 4 PPRENTICE — LEARN DRESsMaKING;
j 1 viK-at sewer: must give 3 mths. 1508% Franklin.
piIAMBERWORK AND WAITING. GERMAN
\J or Swt dish, $20: German girt, upstairs work,
I $25; cook, most understand German cooking, $30.
I German Employment Office, 3'JH Masoa st.
'OL NG LADY TO ASSIST PROPRIETOR IN
X roadbouse in exchange for ire • beneficial home;
piano player preferred. Y. L., box 14,1*11 office.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE!
I work. Call 214 Nluth St., 11 to 12 a. m.
ekman~gTrl FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ" work: references. Apply 10 to 2, 1616 Bush st.
V) ES PECI'ABLE WOMAN OR GIRL; CARE 2
■IV children and light housework. 20J Townsenc!.
EAT GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
JL> housework ana cooking; wages $15. 1118
Page st.; forenoon.
ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work. Apply 838 O'Farrell st.
A PPRENTICE WANTED TO LEARN ON
I ->. v custom coats; paid while learning. 506 .a-
-1 ciflc su
Ur ANTED-FIRST-CLASS TAILORESSES ON
custom pants. 411 y- Kearny st.
OOD WASHER WANTED. 23 EDDY
vT street.
p IRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FORGEN-
VJ frul housework. 716 Green st., near Powell.
VOUNO GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE wor"k
x In German family. 1803 Devisadero, cor. Bush.
\* ANTED — PUPILS FOR MI l, LI NEK V
TT school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
t ical; reasonable. 410 Loavenworlh su
L l ' 1 -CLASS sKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
j x 1 era need apply. BOW II AY, 504 sutler st.
II AIKUUESsISO, 200 ami :ssc. MORNING
xx and eveclasses: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
I pERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
i x making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
I for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
DOWELL Academy, -Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 A DIES— FKXEI FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresacutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-D»ESSING: MANICURING LEsHONS.
Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $8
r<rwe*k: tit 'bus and baggagp to and from ferrr.
MAI.I-: xfcffrF WAMTKO.
WAITER, $30 AND ROOM; OKRICAK «TAIT-
TT er, $25 and room; young man of experience
to tend a soda fountain: coo*, $35 and room*
waiter, $25 an 1 room. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market St.
ILLY MARTIN AND CLAUDE HIGGINS.
second cooks, please report; second cook,
country hote!, $35; second took, hotel, city. $35.
C. R. HANSEN * CO., 110 Geary st.
0 MILKERS, COUNTRY, $10: 6 FARMERS
— for haying and harvesting, $20, $25 and $26
1 and found; cboremen, $15 and $20. C R. HAV-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. . " ' '
HEAD WAITER COUNTRY HOTEL, $40:
waiter for water resort. $25 ; waiter for springs,
$30: waiter seaside resort, $25. C. R. HANSKN
CO., 110 Geary st.
IDDLE-AGED MAN FOR OFFICE WORK
and make himself generally useful; $25. C.
R. HANSEN <te CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED- AMERICAN FOREMAN FOR A
TT fruit ranch, $40 and found; farmers, $20:
milkers, $30; 2 Eastern farmers, steady place,
; $20; cooks: waiters; porter for resort, $20: Ger-
man baker, $80 and found. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & C .. 628 Sacramento at.
\\r ANTED-SAW-FILER $3 TO $3 60 A DAY ;
TT 8 miners $2 50 a day and Increase; 3 laborers
for mine, $28 and Tound; laundryman for Nevada,
$35; 2 laundry men for institution, steady job-
shingle packer. $15 to $20 and found; also others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento.
1 :/) MEN WANTED T. -DAY-FROM $15 TO
1 U\J $90 per month and found; 20 teamsters for
railroad work, $1 60 and $1 80 a day; 20 lauor-
j ers, city and country. $1 75 a day and $26 per
1 month and found: blacksmith for a sawmill;
! blacksmith for a ranch: blacksmith and wife for
I an orchard: 3 laborers for a. mine, fare paid;
; miner, fare paid; butter-maker and milker, $25,
I fare paid; 3 butter-makers and milkers, $25; 20
woodenoppers for a mine. $1 per cord; engineer,
$2 a day and tound; 10 teamsters, city; 15 men to
, dig irrigation ditches: 20 tiemakers, 8" and 10c
each: 20 farmers; orchard and vineyard hands: 5
hay-balers, 16c per ton; 10 cooks, city and country:
2 second cooks: 3 waiters, $30: cook and wife
i $30: pantryman, $25; 3 dishwashers. " MURRAY
I «te READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
U' ANTED-EXPERIENCED. DRIVER FOk"
TT milk-wagon in city. $35 and found, reference
required; 3 miners. $52 per month: man to milk
and make butter, small private dairy, $25 and
i found, steady job; •_• milkers near city, $20- 4
j farmers near city, $20; 2 ranch teams $26;
■ 6 young men to pick fruit, ranch near city, 75
cents per day aud board; neat youns waiter for
steamer, $20 and found: cooks, waiters, dish-
washers and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay.
.'ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS CANDY-MAK-
TT er for a retail establishment; must understand
making Ice-cream, fruit Ices, etc ; reference re-
qulred. Address H., box 21, Call Office.
XPERIE.NCED ADVERTISING SOLICITOR
XJ tor prominent weekly; good compensation to
mht man. Address, with references, E. E., box
Y'OUNO MAN, WHO LIVES WITH HIS
X parents, for office work and make himself gen-
erally useful. Address in own handwriting to s
A., box 81, this office.
U r ANTED — WORKING FOREMAN ON
TT large prune orchard; honest, tuaustrious and
agreeable, with references as to character and
ability. 51 First st.
\\r ANTED-FIRST-CLASS BARBERS;
TT steady work; 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
WANTED-PRESSER AND BUSHELMAN
TT Golden West Clo;hing Renovatory, 12 Mont-
gomery s:., rooms 1 to 10. -.; ■ ■
A FIRST-CLASS PAPER-HANGERS THIS
rt morning 7:30. lI. W. LASCELLE, cor. Twenty-
second and Bartlctt sts.
WANTED-COOK AND DISHWASHER AT
TT 1553 Market St.
OY wanted, stalls'" 1 and a, center
Market.
ARBER WANTED WEDNESDAY, SATUR-
day and Sunday. 1424 Polk s .
\\r ANTED-GOOD CARRIAGE PAINTER.
TT 114 Dm mm st.
Wanted— dishwasher; easy PLACE;
TT good pay. 1100 Valencia st.
LL MEAT . ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE,
tea or milk. 635 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN BARB UNION MEETS
in room 9, 10. O'Farrell st, Tuesday evening;
election of permanent officers; all journeymen in-
vited to attend. ~
1 > ARBERS' ASs'N OF CAL— ELECTION OF
XJ officers to-night Alcazar bldg. J. KLITscH, P.
V'OUNO. MANkWHtTIIAS HAD SOME h.t-
X perience In drugstore, able to speak either
Italian or Spanish. Address S., box 9, Call Office.
W ANTED-DRUG CLERK; GERMAN pre-
TT ferred. NE. corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
1 lUk MK.-s TO TAKE LODGING AT IUC, He
XV V and 20c a night, Including coSs* ana roils.
£24 Washington St.. near Kearny.
HEIiP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED-FOR THE UNITED STATES
" Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un- I
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th»n 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good i
character and temperate habits; able ■to read,
write and sneak English properly: only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de- i
clared their intentions 10 become citizens will be -
accepted; this important branch of the naval '
service offers special inducements; giving op- I
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new c uisers. For further Information apply
at the Recrul In* Office. 20 Ellis st., San Fran- '
Cisco, Cal.
TV'EW WALDO HOUBE, 765 MISSION. BET. i
Xi 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to !
50c;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room; strictest en- j
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet; open all nighu I
CJi^^n PAYING COR. SALOON; WANTS !
<g?^jUVf. partner: no experience. 633 Howard. |
INTER AS PARTNER: SMALL CAPITAL
X. required; good chance. Paint, box 162, Call.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT,
»lw«-ek. Rosedale Hous-, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
S—KE-uOVfcD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643 i
m . Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. sc. I
GRAN CLEA RANCH SALE OF BOOTS AND !
vJ shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and '
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hote.. J
pOAI. MINERS WANTED. APPLY AT 144 I
VJ Steuart st., bet. Mission and Howard.
V*- f.N C 1 IE T I : KHO I ; X, 441 H I D ST. , NE R i
»» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: tree, bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\V r A TED- AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»T some simple thing to patent? . Protect yonr
w e . ftS r, ; nl > D m y^ brlng you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & TO., D. . L. Patent Auor .
neys, %V ashlngton, D. C, for their *IbOO prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
V\ rE ,, HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
» ' selling at !ess than one- fourth their value; cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 56* Mission st.
KY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET st., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
O DOINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Pacific, below Kearny.
A BTHMA CUKE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
. A. din s Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY- -SING i E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
„ 25 cents per night. $i. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and LeidesdorS sts.
W K ARE bHofci DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
t t your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
one-half the usual p * ice *> done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
L»ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
L> retary Barber. 'As^o.. 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
AKBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
l> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION KM PLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD ROELL, 657 Clay, i
ARBER.S 1 ASSOCIATION OF CAI. EMPLOY-
menu secy, P. C Hamann, 2S9V^P > Farrall.
FOR SALE— BARBER-SHOP, 15C, DOING
good business. 131 O'Farrell st.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; VERY
O cheap. 2271/ a Second st.
'jj ARBERS— A GO D COUNTRY BARBER I
'■> shop: 2 chairs; 2 baths: for sale; $300: good
Investment for barber with family. Forpnrticu-
lars inquire of DECKELMAN KRoS, 106 Ellis su '
ARBER-SHuP, 2 CHAIH«, FOR SALE. 415
l> Hayes ; good location.
El-a PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $H: ladles', gents' and children's misfit aud
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
DOOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50 '
Xt per week. Oriental. 225 Drum m si.
YY' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprie- !
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160 j
large rooms; 25c per nigh.; $1 to $3 per week.
C^ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50 '■
/ half-solelm; 25c up. 969 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD j
I ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c nlghc j
LCIIO UUUBK, bb3V2 MARKET ST.— j
Rooms 'JOc. 25c. to 60u night; $1 to 9?. week, i
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR i
TT ersAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler !
YY' ANTED— MEN TO Li.AB.N BARBER :
TT trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1 j
TT v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week; •
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\| EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD; '
-'J all grocers keep it.
PUKE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOU sc; I
I nisn a hnf! H't'«-r. .V nt (i:-! 7 Cl«v «r. <
AGJENTS WANTKD.
"PMPIRE LIFE. '
PURE LIFE
— -INSURANCE—
AT COST.^
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
GENTS ARE COINING MONEY WITH !
■i\ our new novelties; immense sales. Alumi- i
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sinter st. - - ;•
AGENTS — THE GREAT CAMPAIGN ■
book of 1896: outfits only 25c; one agent re- j
ports 31 orders first day; highest discount. The |
Whittaker & Ray Company. 788 Market st. !
boarding WANTED.
AN OLD LADY DESIRES COjTfO^RtXbLE '
home with good family. Address E., box 64, !
Call Office. .
\\ AMtU-IIIStKtLA.MiOIS. ~~
ECOND^IIAND KODAICS^ CAMERAS' i
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery j
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTUINu AND JEW '
- flrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
————__ _-_ „
BICYCLES.
SECON D-H AN I) STERLING AT EXCEPTION-
-0 ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
SECOND WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
I $25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Bet; Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary s:.
A '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW, :
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post su
JW INFIELD PIiARSON, 216 MCALLISTER. I
. Headquarters Lu-hil-num and Thistle bicycles !
QC NEW FALCON: HIGH GRADE: $45 AND !
*>*J 55 each: half price: few left, GEORGE !
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market St.
BICYCLES FOR $20, *257:530. $35, $40, $45 !
*■' $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
1?OR SALE- r 96"RAMBi7EiI; WARWICK; IM-
openal0 penal and Clipper bicycles at great bargains, j
303 Larkin st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO IJCT i
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mi>
Allisler and Powell st. car lines.
I'Oli SALK-JIISOELLAXhOUs.
UN lON -'MAKE BICYCLE AT A SACRI-
rlce. Call 724 Larkin st.
if OR SALE IMMEDIATELY — STORE FIX- I
x tures, counter and shelves. 2889 Sixteenth st. :
"L^INE, LARGE SHORT-HORN COW, CALVED j
J 5 days: second calf; large milker. 1312 Folsom. !
GOOD COOKING STOVE (FOR WATER- ,
v_* back), No. 7: nearly new; cheap. 129 Valen-
cia St.
TM PROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER SEWING
i- machine; $12 50. 2437 Mission, nr. Twenty-
I first. . .
vfiLCH COW-GOOD family COW: gen
iTJ^Ue; very rich milk; cheap: 2304 Hyde st.
T/'OR SALK— PATENT FOR 1 HE LATE WIL- I
X Ham Elfonl's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland. <
GOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, 130 !
Sansome su, room 9. -"
ONE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE: CHEAP '
Apply 2109 Larkin si., after 6 p. m. " "
V-S H. P. UPRIGHT EX.IKE * CENTRIFU- i
-<-Vga) pumpattached&so-llghtdynamo.sl6Mls3lon
C 1 * O I TKK S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
/' bought and sold. 1121 Market.bet. 7th it Sth.
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES 7
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.. 310 California. I
H OILERS. D-H AND MACHINERY" !
J-> waterplpes. Mclntoah <fc Wolpman, 137 Beals! i
. UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
» > doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL JdEIHUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market v.
U'IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
YEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SKCO >'!>•"
■TV hand. *,'. S. RAY Mfg Ca. la California v
" . i
SEWING MACHINES. "
SINGER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE 1559
Market: rent $1 50 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED?
rented, repaired : lowest rams. 205 Fourth st.
STOKAOE. ~~ '
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY • FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 311 Larkin.
rp H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— AGE \f
X .red teed rales: basement storage,sl 50 per load
IP U KNIT URE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; A r>
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR, 204 Post.
LOW HATE'S— HN IT U PIANOS,
household goods, etc. J. M. I''erce. 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates-. fire-proof buildin-T-. Eastern plan.
_■_..' ' - TYPKWKITEKS.
■pEMINGTON. $35; SMITH. $60; SKND FOR
XV sam»le work. SCOTT & BANNAN,333Mntgmy
PKKSONAXS^
A L LING HAIiT SCROFULA AND DIR-
J eased scalps cured by Quinonlu: I sell It; best
hair-dressing in the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally good. *1. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton St., store nearest Geary. ■
r EDERER'S— THE PLACE TO GET THE
J J best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1; Lederer's ••o.uinonia." the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton St., nr. Geary.
URE CURE FOR POISON* OAK. RlNO-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion: externally applied:
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco, Cal.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPB.
J\. cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.att.v-at-law. S5O Market 36
T>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVK-
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixth st*. : artistic ad.
vertisements In living light: promoters of buil-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS You
-A- can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T ADV. STRA.nGER~T>TtHE CITY, 1 ESIKKS
XJ business partner; small capital. 122 Post st.,
room 2. ■
KS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIKOPODLST-THE
Berlin facial treatment giveu. , 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
» ' low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
cial artist: wrinkles removed or no charge:
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company.lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
STYLISH MILLINERY AT reasonable
prices. MRS. S. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
A P. SWAIN. ARTIJ-T: CHINA, TAPESTRY;
• oil lessons 50c. 14 McAllister St., room 18.
DR. J. m. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Keainy.
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V-' manufra' cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
"I IBEKAIi ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowes: rate*. 94S Market st.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular price-}.
Li) GOLD, SILVER. GENTS'~AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessiu.
I 70 EIGHT SEVENTY-ONE OR FIFTEEN,
1 I O or both.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-i\. WEEKLY CASL. in wrapper, for mailing.
DKISSSMAKKKS.
RsTj7~KOcir WISHES to~Info1«m i "the
ladles of her opened dressmaking parlors,
1417 Mission St.: exact fi:, best style and reason-
able prices guaranteed,
D "REUSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 3 • CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 5053,4 Natotna st., above Sixth.
CLAIKVOVAM'S.
cfuccEss A^tsoTrrrTrrY ou aitan t >Je Tk
0 Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. i.. CAR-
NELLK, the prli c • of clairvoyants, will ■ ivt- ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enrmles, removes evil influences,
cures bud habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tion* ; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy »v
Hours from 9 to 9 daily ana Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery 0:' human fate: she ad-
vises you on specula: ion, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy ai.d happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk su
"WITCHES WERE BURNED, BUT MME.
»T Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness Of your future husband or wife; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast; test her powers ere she sails lor Europe: she
guarantees to bring back los: love; makes" peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
ME. TRUE, ~ CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
-1 recedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 to 8. Booms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; elevator.
Mm k. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, curd- reader, born with a double veilaritl
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.. nr. Joiiei.
MB. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN*
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dlctureot
your Juture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.MarkeC
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells pas-.,
present and future: pric&a moderate. 856 Mission.
MX. MOI'.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. LEGE'ITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
VJ ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
J»-l yrs. Kearny, now 9-9 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
A] M I-". RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY!
I'l business advice; names ?iven;2sc up. 5 Fourth.
ME. "&YBILLE Tr.LLS FKOM CRADLE TO
.h ■ gravi-- Ire V's c*«nts. Pl 4 O'Karreil at.
SPIKITCAI.ISM. ~
A VERITABLE" QUEEN AMONG i WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. I." HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AN I) LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who lias helped so many
thousands on this (-Oast in lie ten years past, is
again at her old offices, 13' JO Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor come rich; if you think your husband,' wire
or lover is untrue consult her a: once. Her tran-
scendent power is as tar above those poor mortal!
who trr 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. shedoe3
not know what failure meats! Her "Revealed
Medicines'" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is"h< ir to. an. ! no
matter of how louse standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suc-
cessful and satlsfac dry. All letters answered.
- Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
& " 1320 Market st., oop. Seventh,
J_ ; ■ San Francisco.
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, ~
The world-renowned spiritual medium, still
continues to hold , the public's attent on by her
wonderful work. Thousands . have been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
lug her advice. Your life described from cradle 10
the grave. Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and . alliic ed: letters with stamp
answered; diagnosis from lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays: sittings $1. 12U6 Market st.
VIR& SHRINKR; TI.ST CI RCT.E TO-NIGHT;
■HI tests, to all, 25c. ; sittings dally. 311 Van is-.
BISHOP garrison, 1370 M \BKET; sea.v-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's., 25c. ; 10 to 4 dally.
LAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY: FEE 25c.
v,' 41 Minna st-; basement.
TEST CIRCLK TO-NIGHT. 10c: MMX. YOUNG.
Jl 605 McAl'ister st. Ali skeptics Invited.
AIRS. KATE HASKINS' CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
I*l 25c 136 Oak st.
RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BUSl-
ness mediu*>n: sittings daily: $1. !S'6O«ksU
ASTROLOGY.
MEDICAL ASI'BOLOGi PROF. HOWARD'S
vital remedies remove all chronic trouble-. and
restore to perfec: iie«l;h. 311 Hyde 10 to 3.
LOST.
«2»9/~V REWARD FOR WHEREABOUTS OF
t^iim\J new 3-spr',ng. 2-horse vegetable wairon,
painted scarlet and blue: doub e-action brake:
spring lifters on tailgate; adjustable pile: 2 bay
horses; driven b»- young man, smooth face, light
complexion. 1221 Webster st.
T OST — PAIR OK GOLD SPECTACLES;
XJ tinder return 201 3 Ellis St. and receive reward.
TOST— JULY 6. JUNCTION THIRTY-FIHST
X-J st. and San Jose aye.. fur tlpret: finder please
return to 4579 Eighteenth st. ; reward.
OUT— LAST WEEK. GOLDEN GATE PARK,
silver pocket-knife; l.beral reward. 420 Uolores.
NGLISH FDQ LOST; RETURN TO 2327^4
FiHmore: receive liberal reward.
1 OST— BLACK POCKET-BOOK, JULY 4TH,
XJ containing money and receipts, on Mission-
street car from Twenty-third street or Fillmore-
slreet cars from sixteenth Bti eel to Fulton; suit-
able reward on return to 3182 Twenty-third st.
I tOST— PRAYER-BOOK ON 4TH JULY; RE-
X'J turn 532 Jessie: reward.
OST— BLACK CATSKYE BRACELET WITH
XJ bangles: return to Branch Call Oflice, 116
Ninth st.; reward.
T OST— TAN BULLDOG: IN OAKLAND;
Ju young; medium size. Reward 909 San Pablo
aye.; Oakland. • ' - ■
0 GREYHOUNDS; WHITE DOG, FAWN
— spot on ear and forehead; red: bitch, white
neck and feet. Reward 319 Fill more .st.
OST— AT SCOTCH Till VI" LX PICNIC AT
Shell Mound Park, gold-rimmed spectacles.
Return to 81** Valencia st.: reward.
V OST— AT CITY HALL SQUARE AND MAR-
Xj ket -. st-. •p. b ack agate ring. Return to Dome
saloon reward.
OST— SMALL' GOLD ENAMELED VIGN-
XJ ette attached to a small swivel. ' Leave at Call
Oflice and receive liberal reward.
OSI— PASSBOOK WITH HIBERNIA SAV-
ings and Loau Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY WILSON, No, 108.296. The
finder will please *«tuin to bank . • .nrsixrss CHANCES.
IF YOTJ~WANT rO SELL OR BijY~A BUBI-
ness quick see I. LUBKLsKT, 7 City Hall aye.
Tune cigak-stobe: furnished com-
-T plete: fine local. ty; only 60c a day rent; see at
once. T. LUBELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Q7^O Ll < 1 •< ■ 1 NG-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
f4j>lOv/. nished elegant; linen locality; cheap
rent: all the rooms full; paving well;' investigate
this rare chnnce. ;.].! BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<"".(> PARINKU KN SALOON: OBJECT
i\r+.O\J. for taking paitner to run the business
more succpsslnlly. T. I I Hi I si I. 7 City Hall aye.
&A 00 S * L °O*: Fine LOCATION; low
-. H'v. rent; good business; full value: best
reasons for sailing. Apply BAU-L.Y, rooms 1 and
2.917 Market st.
DO you want to sell your business
or to procure a partner, no matter what kind
it is if paying reasonably and of legitimate kind?
1 am pr. pared to attend to the matter for you at
once, as 1 have a great many applicants who have
the chsh. BAILEY, Business Agent, rooms 1 and
2, 917 Market st.
XT OTEL TO LEASE FOIi A TKUM OF YEARS:
XX new 6-story and baaement brick building con-
taining 98 rooms: also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located. Vi block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms, For further
particulars apply to S. SILVEBBERG, S'/O Ban-
some st.. room 39.
TIM. DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped home In North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms: this house is the best
paying Investment In Northern California, mid
roust be disposed of on account of sick: ess. for
terras and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal.
L 1 HILL, ROOM 34, DONOHuE BUILDING—
Xj. Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy store $200
Stationery and c cars 9450
General business store, line trade $HOO
Excellent paper route $1500
Chemical laboratory if. looo
Stock of poultry ranch, low rent *350
QO^X CIGAR-STORE. STATIONERY AND
<4PO—U. laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st.
O0|) BRANCH BAKERY: 4 LIVING-
«D V.V/. rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day;
cigar stand. BABKBTT, 1125 Market st,
Q7OO STATIONERY, CANDIES, NEWS-
'. I \J\Jm stand, circulating library, notions,
cigars, tobacco, etc.; steady cash triule; affords
pood living for small family; nice fixture: 4 living
rooms.large yard, stable; near 4 schools; old estab-
lished: cheap rent: full value In sight. Address
G., box 4. Call Office.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY'; SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
Deeded $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D., box- J 37. Call Office.
BAKERS, ATTENTION! ark CHANCE
xi to open and build up a too 1 business In large
Tieurhborhood, with all utensils complete: rent
reasonable. Inquire at ! 02 Webster st-, Alumeda.
\A ' ANTED— A PARTY WITH $15,000 TO $20,-
-»i 000 to Invest in a legitimate mining and iclll-
lnjt proposition, which promises very large results.
Address Miner, box 112, Call Office.
BA KERY. STATIb NERY r ~A D ICECREAM
— Must be sold on account of sickness;
living-rooms: old-established business: bargain.
1414 Kills st.
1> A R E CHANCE— FOR SALE. A ROADHOL
Xi/ near Hay wards; 9 rooms mid 1 acre of land.
For particulars aldress PKOWBE A O'NEILL,
llaywards, Cal.
V»>.";r|, DELICACY' STORE: LOW RENT;
O — O\J m first-class neighborhood : near large
school: no opposition: chance of lifetime. Apply
Call Office.
ON ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSINESS; FOR
Sale A cigar-stand on prominent business
street: (day business only). Address J., box 12,
Call OCice.
ARG A IN— SALOON-. BAR RECEIPTS $15
x> to $18 per day; rent $20 per month: near San
Francisco. Apply to 11. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
fornia st.
Qd-^O COFFEE SALOON: CHEAP AT$800:
r?~xO\t . elegantly fitted: clears fB5 a mouth;
north Market. SKIFF A CO.. 921 Market st.
ALOON— IN FINE ORDER; GOOD LOCA-
t— tion: a crc-at chance for man aud wife. Apply
to KDWARD V. CARKOU4 CO., 407 Battery at.
"U'RUIT AND VEGETABLE ROUTE; 3 YEARS
-1 established: good investment guaranteed. Ad-
dress A. D. MELVILLE, 105 Juulper st.. city.
BLACKSMITH AND HORSESIIOEI.VG BUSl-
ness for sale very cheap: cause of sale, de-
parture. Inquire at 127% Langton su
000 OONFKCTIONEIt V BUSINESS;
. •>''<'. paviue well: can investigate. ALDEN
A KRONE.NBERG. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Q] •/" EXPRESS BUSINESS FOlt SALK,
t, 1 — «->• 0.1 account of sickness: good sianj;
cleariusr?Bo month. Apply 205 Larkin st.
Ql ~O LOON : FINEST LOCALITY ; LOW
V X*J\J. rent; cool patronaee; best reasons for
selling: at sacrifice. 512 Pacific su. city.
r":'. BALE— SALOON; MB. CORNER BAT-
X tery and Vallejo sis.: a great bargain; low rent;
I rooms upstairs.
I>ART.\ER — 5250; DOWN-TOWN CHOP-
hons» arid restaurant: pays s6o to £75 a montn
each; owuer cooks. 40 Clay st.
rpUl M.-i MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
xof M) rooms In Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHES i.i si!.
OC ACRES— CHICKEN RANCH TO RENT;
— O stock will be sold at, Jl3OO. P. O. box 331,
Petaluma.
Qji \(\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
• I 't\t suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post st.
. ALOON— MUST BE SOLD; A BARGAIN.
0 Apply 4735 Mission street.
Q 9 /1 BAKE I: y. candy, notion STORK :
V — l '- 2 sunny rms. furn'ed. ISO 2V S Howard.
I J RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS. ETC: SICK-
-l-> ness: Western Add. DECKER, 1020 Market.
I ADA* OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
XJ (German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDaN. t;:-tj Market, room 2.
"TOR SALE— LOCKSMITH, MACHINIST AND
— grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003 Mission st.
NY' SIUCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
"J.-'Oll SALE— CORNER SALOON AND
X restaurant; cor. Fell and Stanyan.
H.."BAKtRY FUR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
aiUsICAL INSTRUMENTS.
"\l* E :a n u m bkr OF GOOD~PI AN os
■ ' and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
rricf-s and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
ir.fitruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose bands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure & bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
«fc CO., cor. Kearny and suiter sts., Stelnway rep-
resentatives.
CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small poods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outin? at small out-
lay: violins. *1 :-"5: mandolin*, $;} 35; guitars, •?.!; i
antobarps, $1; accordions, nines, banjos, piccolos.
cases for instruments, violin cuttits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCO IT, 929
Market at.. Spreckels building. ■
1)Ianos half prick. '■ ■
■ ■ administrator's sale
TO close ESTATE of CIIAS S. EATON.
MUST skl .
New and necond-hand pianos at enormous redu>
lion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market si.
\ S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
XI permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to po elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Steinway representatives.
T ADY' IN NEED ok CASH WILL SACRI-
X i lice her line Standard upright for $125: a rare
chance. Km. 21, Flood bulidK, Fourth and Market.
AGNIFICENT NEW UPRIGHT PlANO-
best ike: will be sold for $2iO to pay ad-
vances. 1921 * acramtnio st.
OIQC BARGAIN! FINE UPRIGHT
•Si-OtJ. Schmilz. 10 McAllister st., next m.
bernia Bank.
\\7 JLLiAM G. KaDGKR, SOLE AGENT FOIt
»t the celebrated Halit-t & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento Ht.
tMSHKK UPRIGHT, $I'J5: MARSHALL &
F Wendell. $125: bargains a SISD and $175.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIS CO.. 769 Market.
I> I \.\ s— UO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
I stock on. the Pacific coast. THL F. W. SPEN-
CUt CO.. 933 .Market St. \
BIKE BUYING >XX HAINE BROS.', BUSH
i & liens and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Pos: St.
/ UUCKKIUNU, KNABK. STKCK. VOSK. BTBR-
yj ling pir.nos: see our n<-w piano .'or 187: piano*
■or real. BENJ. CUR lAS A BON. IB OFarreit.
~\ STEINWAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL-
£a ing $100; Ladd «60. BRLENN'S, 228 Post.
|;VI(O.\ )I.\L7,V, ;'.';« POST ST.— SOHMKU.
1* .N«-wby <te Kvanv l-riggs ;nd other pianos.
v ipkrTor violin.-, zithers. OLU&NEW
O H. Ml LLBR m;-,-r r»-nalrer, 8 Ijttham place
BAGGAGE TKAKSKKK.
TRUNKS MdVII 1. 25 < B S IS. COM "m KRCIAL
X Transfer < ompany. 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: ke.-|i your rli^rkH tor in.
thi;Ai, KOTICJBS.
v■■ 1 1 1 c k to crVdi tors". - k state of
■•■' RI. HARD Ct'NNINO HAM. deceased, some-
Limes called RICHARD C. CUNNINGHAM.
Notice Is hereby given by the untienlgned ad-
ministratrix of the estate of RIcHaRD CUN-
NINGHAM, deceased, to creditors • f, and all
persons having claims against the said doceatt-d,
'.•> exhibit them with the necessary vouch- r.-t,
ivitbin ten months after the first publication of
•Ins tiutice, 10 the said administratrix at room 16,
leventh floor, Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
he same being the place for the transac lon of the
business of said .-stale in the City and County
>f San Franciuco, State of Ca ifornla.
ALICE 1. CUNNINGHAM, .
Administratrix of the '-state of RICHARD
CUNNINGHAM, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. June 30, 898.
JNO. W. B'IURDETTE,
Attorney for Administratrix, Mills building, San
Francisco.
LOI>GINti-UorSES FOX S ALE. ._
I I -ROoIiI^TTu^KTTN^TA^ME^rTsT^ 9150
I I . 2» rooms on Market st $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing 9200 $1800
50 houses. 5 10 140 rooms, from 950 to. $5001)
Apply to DKCKER, 1020 Market.
•JO ROOMS; SUNNY ; CORNER; ALL ROOMS
• ) +- rented; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
<j>x7\7l 15 ROOMS: FINK; CLEARS ABOUT
«4P*JLM '. $70. Apply A. M. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
/'A ROOMS; NE\> HOUSE: CLEARING OVER
UU 9100: 9J6UO. BPECK A CO., 602 Market.
HOUSE OF- 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS;
suitable for lodgliiK-house; $25. 544 Mxth Ht.
,i; ROOMS; GOOD PAYING HOUSK: ijiSuu
UiJ cash, balance easy terms. 115 Second st.
1 ODGING-UOUSKS BOUGHT AN D EX-
XJ changed. PHELPS A CO., 917 Larkln st.
77' UliNTsllEDi FLAT OF 7 ROOMS: GOOD
X location; at a sacrifice. 133 Seventh st.
Cli^O, COZY HOME: 6 ROOMS; MUST
»ip J t)\J. soil: party leaving oltv. C'2o Lnrkin st.
rUKNITUKK 1 Olt SALE.
TvUlhTsALiTl
T Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges 8 "0
stoves 7 50
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we -.are conducting business
at sE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOONAN. ■ ■
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, Pott"
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooJ
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
J/Wi i Alt Pit-is; I 'HAM HER BKT.S, 111;
""" Moves. $5: parlor Bets, $21): fOldlng-bMj,
»]»: lie.l- niingPS. $7. I. P. MCCARTHY 11--' A:-<
IUKNITUKK WA>tleLV
SECOND-HAND FURNITURE FOR COUN-
-0 try; good prices. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO
X M. J. SIMMONS' Auction Co., 1057 Market St.,
pays cash.
1 C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER. 601 CALI-
O . tornia st,, corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PUICKd FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP, ill Larkin.
1./* FORK SKLLIjSG YOUR FURNI 1
XJ send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
SBASUH. 321 SUTTKR. WANTS IX'K.XI-
O. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FUKNITURK.
. carppts. plnno. 1188 Market; tel. .le^^ie 781.
CAlil_T CLEANING.
JONES CO. c"arpkt -"cTe^^incT^ano"
renovating works. Main oflice 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING. 3c.: LAYING. 3c. : RUG
V, 1 samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Ktratton. 19 Bth st.
fl it EAT WESTERN CARPKT-BEaTINO
vT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
r HEN YOU BKCOME DISGUSTED WITH
»* poor woric send to SPATJLDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama gt. : teL salt).
C ON K LIN CARPET F. EATING WOUKB. 33J
/ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 128.
CITY KAM CARPET CLEANING, RENO VA-
ting, 38 feth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
pAKPETS CLEANED AND KKiNOVATEU
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
fcocth 36. d. MACKINTOSH CO.. successor*.
1. .MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2.J
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
I MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
»i . ovating works. 453 Stevenson: t»l. gouth 223.
HOUSES.
c c con^hXniT^usi 1 ?!'
0 be cheap and in good order. 406 Sixth st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our I wn make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st,, S. F.
1 - (i SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X.O\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission's:
f\(\fi SKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND UAR.
O\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, cart», surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15lh and Valencia.
A A HORSES FOX SALK; ALSO WAGONS.
"v/ bngele*, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hows
Market. 837 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HOP.SKS PASTURED; SEND holt <;IRCU-
':.- Til., llr.lo Hnn<-h. UHO fommorclal 8'-
WAGONS AM) CAItKIAGES.
Tfo'RSE, WAGON AND^_ABNES3rS4S. AP-
JLL ply 123 Silver st.
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINK
J carriages of every desc Iption ; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 8:h St.. S. F.
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVNG ti LOVES:
samples. H. M. HEINKMAN, 109 Sansome st.
'KW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and V tine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
PHYSICIANS.
TTEMOVED^DRTcr'c. C DON NELL TO^T2o5
Jl' Market «t. : diseases of woman a specialty.
I^JON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rTIRUSTEES' SALE. """"'" ~~-~--^~~~-~
i- In accordance with the terms and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust
duly executed by BARTOLOME iik LUQUE
(sometimes called de LUGUE) and OATH-
ERIN A sb LUQUE (sometimes called DR
LUGUE), his wife, parties of the first part, to
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated June 7th, 1894, and re-
corded In the otlice of the County Recorder of the
County of Alamc-da, state of California, in Liber
506 of Deeds, at pages 309 and following: and In
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 14th day
of May, 1896, by tne Board of Directors of said
SAN FkANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a cor-
poration, and the hold-r of the note (No. 12,914),
to secure payment or which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made Id the payment of the prin.lpai sum
and other sums due under said note and deed of j
trust, and requesting and direr-ting said HENRY i
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KKNT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENRY C CAMPBELL, and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
FRIDAY, toe 17th day of July, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of thai day, and at the auction sales- '
room of Wm. J. Dingee, Nos. 4bO and 402 Eighth
street, In the City of 'Oakland, County of Alameda,
staie of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the i
United Slates, all that piece or parcel of laud situ-
ate in this City of Alameda, County of A ameda,
Slate of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at it point on the westerly line of
Sherman street dls.ant thereon f r .y-eigbt (48)
feet northerly from the northerly line of Bueua
Vista avenue, and running thence northerly along
said line of Sherman street fifty-two (52) feet;
thence at right angles westerly one hundred (100)
feet; thence at right angles southerly tifty-two
(52) feet, and thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet to the point of commence-
ment.
Being portion of lots numbers nine (9), ten (10),
eleven (ll) and twelve (12) in Block E, as laid
down aud de Ineated on the map entitled "Map of
144 Lot* In Pa/0 Tract, Alameda County," filed
February 25th, 1874. in the office of the County
Recorder of said County of Alameda: together
with the appur.enances.
Terms of Sai.k — Cash In gold coin of the
United States; ten per cent payable to the undr-r-
-signea on the fall of the nammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so oaid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL, Trn ..._
THAUDEUS KENT, / lrns tees.
rniIUSTEES' SALE. ~ ~
TRUSTEES' SALE. with the law and under
In accordance with the law and under
the authority of a certain deed of trust, duly
executed by F. A. BROWN, party of the
first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDKOB B. KENT. Trusiees, parties of
the second part, and the SAN Fi;ANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part,!
dated June 23d, 1890, and recorded In the
oflice of the County Recorder of the County of
Alameda, ate of California, in Liber 407 ot Deeds,
at pages 189 and following: and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on the 7ih day of May, 1896. by
the Board of Directors of said SAN Fit .NCI SCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the ho der
of the note (No. 10,194), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default bad been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums due
under said note and deed of trust, and requesting
aril direc said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
TIIADDKU-i B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
' We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, I rustees, do hereby give no.ice that on
FRIDAY, the 17 h day of July. A. D. 1896, at 12 I
O'clock noon of that day, and vi the auction sales- |
room of William J. Dlncee, No. 460 and 462 I
Eighth street, la the City ot Oakland, County of I
Alameda, Slate of California, we will Bell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for ca«h In gold
coin of he Un led States, all the pieces or parcels
of land, situate In tne Township -of Brooklyn,
County of Alameda, described as follows, to wit :
Lots numbers twenty-one (21) and twenty-two
(22), in block number two (2). as laid down and
deli eated on map entitled "Map No. 2 of the
Blasdel Tract. East Oakland Heights, Resab-
divided June, 1890, W. F.-Boardman, C. E." Hied
June 9.b, 1890, in the office of the County rie-
corder of said County of 'Alumeda, and to which
map and the record thereof special reference Is
hereby made fcr further or more particular de-
scription, together with the appurtenances. ,
ft TWO ok Salk— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten percent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of Hie hammer: balance on delivery of
deed; and if not ho paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale io be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.' ■ . .
:■...-. . HENRY C. CAMPBELL, It _•"
THADDEUS B. KENT, / lru » te( *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
HOUSES TO T-F,T\
LTPPER FLaTToF "(TrOUMS 447 JESSIE ST.,
j bet. Fifth aud Sixth. - : . ■
I Qjr 1707 POWELL, OPP. SQUARE; 10
tiPtte). rooms and butb: very Urge yard. ASH-
TON * GAIIDI.NKR.4II Montgomery st. ■_
• >7,- /• TWtN .Y-THIKD. iJKT. YORK AND
*- • O\) Hampshire: 6 large rooms; modern Im-
provements: 910. ■
! &1A HOUSE OF 6 LABGE ROOMS AND
i ■Jlu. yard. 917 Treat aye., near Twenty-
| second st. ........
i {jIQ HOUSE A LARGE ROOMS AND LARGE
ij^LD. yard. 21'JVii Eleventh St. •
OUSK-A ICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
MonlßOm<»ry st. _^^_^____^^____
COTTAGES TO LET.
flljQ ~(\ COTTAGE S^ROOMS. 18 PROB-
-<wOtO\J. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission.
CEQ N ArOMA— SUNNY COTTAOK 4 ROOMS
000 and bath; large yard: rent moderate.
pOTTAGK, BEAK OF 2939 MISSION ST.;
\J three rooms and stable: rent $8.
pOTTAGE; 3 SUNNY ROOMS: YARD; BASK-
V.' nient: small family. 1230 Folsom. ur. Ninth.
FLATS 'IO LET.
*^97T*~ELEa ANT," NEW% "eIGHT~ROO^Is",
fflAlt, hath and laundry; separate yard; 45
Bel vldere st. NICOL, 534 y« California st.
,f ROOMS AND BATH: NICK FLAT NEAR
! 4 Call; $10 and $12. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLaTS AND COT-
• ' tages- from 96 10 920. SPECK <& CO., 602
Si ark et st. ' ■ .___
?• ] A FLAT 4 ROOMS", BATH AND YARD.
tjplti. 811 shot well sU, near Fourteenth.
BOWIE AYE., OFF ELEVENTH ST.— A
« ' fiat of 3 rooms: cheap rent.
.'.n- FELL-FLAT, 4 ROOMS; PAPERED:
O\JO bath; hot and cold water; yard; large base-
ment.
1 »_>.--ASH AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
-LOtJ'McAlUster— fiat, 5 rooms.
1 Till" POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
1 I UO flats; garden; bath: $13 and 916.
£• EXTRA LARGE ROOMS AND BATH: ALL
I* sunny front rooms: cor. bay-window: rent $'J0:
key at house on NW. cor. seventeenth and Cap p.
m.-| 7 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SONNY
•jl i. fiats: 5 rooms, bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
Dear '1 -fourth st.
Cj 1.7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
«Jp 1 I . Post a".., near Polk.
C»u LOWER F'.AT: 5 ROOMS. 375 SAN-
« 23«/. chez St., near Seventeenth.
UPPER FLAT 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 123 SAN
Jose aye., near 1 wenty -third St.: rent $10.
Q SUNNY FLATS— AND 6 ROOMS, BATH,
0 $22 and 915. 149 and 713 Grove st.
OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
j rooms. 30 Vi Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh. ,
EBIRABLEf SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
XJ with bath arid all modern Improvements.
1633 Bush s:., bet. Franklin and tiough; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50.
Af\n 7 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT:
X\) % i 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bam
large yard: gun all day; rent 914; wa er free.
VI.AT-A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
T rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery s;.
FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
> water free. 529 Ivy aye.
>, > LKiiANT NKW FLATS, bKVKNTH ST.. BE-
J low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
a WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJiH
■t V- WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
UOCsbKhKI'LNG KOOils.
liujh street.
1 901 BUSH— UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
J — v/ L housekeeping: use of gas.
Bryant Street.
r 1 •] BRYANT, NEAR THIRD-NICE SUNNY
I OIL suite, connected; reasonable. • ,
J.il.iv Street.
! 9Q EDDY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE. SINGLE
j — »' or double; also light housekeeping rooms;
: reasonable. ..." . ,-,
1 C\ I 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
I • '14 nicely furnished; splendid location: private
family.
Eleventh Street.
I 9AI ELEVENTH— 3 SUNNY FRONT U.V
; —v' 1 furnished rooms, or upper part of house (4
; rooms).
Fifth street.
O1 A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WINDOW
Oil rm.: kitchen; bath; renovated: private; $12.
099 FIfTH— TWO SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
O— _ nlshed for h .-us. keeping: rent $8.
On- FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE-
I *3_«J keeping rooms: 2, 910; 3, $13: single, 95.
iluwanl Mien..
qno w a m—2r n— 2 OP. 8 FURNISHED
I \JOO rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
111 A*} HOWARD — SUNNY FURNISHED
x X -t— housekeeping rooms; range; $10; rooms
by night.
mE HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
• ' rooms; light housekeeping; use of bath
and laundry; no children.
i TftTilT"' 1 ' ARL> ST COR. FOURTEENTH;
1 O< 'U 3 or 4 sunny rooms, $8.
iiyile Street.
mnTDE-S OK MORE SUNNY ROOMS;
lurnlshed for housekeeping.
91 f\ HYDE-LARGE FRONT AND 2 OTHER
dUX.\J rooms for housekeeping.
Kearny Street.
1 Oil KEARNY— UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
I J ""I rent payable in board If desired.
l.urkiu > res..
j O9ft LARKIN— ELEGANT HUNNY HOUSE-
j O_U keeping aptrats; Ist floor: gas ranges; bath.
J9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
*J — O sunny housekeeplni; rooms; al?o single.
O(\A LARKiN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
t <J~t room and kitchen. 99: large back, $7.
Leavenirorth street.
1 01 9 LEAVEN WORTH —3 BUNNY CON-
-Lv/J •) necting unfurnished rooms; yard, cellar.
gas; rent .*! '>.
—^ — — — _
.>iinn:» street.
t\AR MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOB.
u'lU housekeeping; large yard.
New Montgomery Street. .
"I (\r NE W MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
I\JO hands; clean, ffont housekeeping suites. £8.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA—
well furnished housekeeping rooms, $13.
I'erry street.
CI»Q FOUR UNFURNISHED ALL LIGHT
»3Dt?« sunny rooms; new house; rear. 263 Perry.
l'olk Street. '
Ql Q POLK— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
•/ 1 O alcove and kitchen: complete for house-
keeping: gas: bath; all conveniences, sunny;
cheap: furniture and carpets new: also single.
liuss (Street.
"I A RUSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SIXTH— 2
.1" furnished rooms for housekeeping.
■/..■. .-•■\< inn Street.
1 -JO SEVENTH — NEWLY RENOVATED
1 ' i — rooms; suites and kitchen; also 2 rooms for
light housekeeping.
Tqcf SEVENTH— NICE SUNNY FUrtNISH-
-IOU ed housekeeping rooms from $10 month up.
south Punt.
Ip. SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X 1) keeping suites $8 to 912; 3 unfurnished 97.
Stevenson Street.
T\i{ STEVENSON — TWO URFURNISHED
*J\J*J rooms: cheap.
ft 4"} STEVKNSuN. BET. SEVENTH AND
yj^T^j Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms:
central.
Mitter Street.
C] A BUTTER - ReTrT LOVELY SUITE
*J xi furnished housekeeping rooms, only 910.
Taylor Street.
1 Oft TAYLOR - SUNNY NICELY FUR-
XVU nished room; also single; cheap. '
liilru siree. ~ ~~~~
O£9THIRD-2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
*J\J^ rooms; running water: sunny; porch ; 98-99.
Webster Street.
711 WEBSTER-SUITE OF 2OR 3 LARGE,
I -L J- handsome rooms: cas: bath; housekeeping.
KOOMS TO LET. '
Clement Street.
00 CLEMENT ST., COR. FIFTH AYE
O-j Richmond— 2 furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath.
' Clementina Street.
qAQA CLEMENTINA— FINE Bui WITH OR
O\JO without board; family speaks 3 languages.
q 1 91 CLEMENTINA ST.— SUNNY DOUBLE
OX — 2 front room to let.
. 1...1* hlree:.
THK RAMONA, ISO ELLIS; MRS. RATB a
MART, manager— A quiet hoase; rentrilly lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot* cola wa'er.
Q9 I ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O— l lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO). MRS A. J.
O— — CALHOUN, prop. — First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming house; 00 rooms.
ROO3IS TO LET-Contlnued.
. JLltfbtb MIHUI.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOXTSK, 29 STH
i St., near Market: furnished and . unfurnished.
. . Of.iry*»tr<;o;.
O1 71 GEARY -LARGE FURNISHED OR
£lX I 8 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
<71 -I GEARY— S > UNFURNISHED SUNNY
4 11 rooms: rear; yard.
rpilE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 910
month up. 1101 Geary St., »W. cor. Van Ness aye.
Howard Street.
(*(}Q HOWARD — SUNNY SINGLE AND
D_O double rooms, reasonable; gas; bath.
»• «-4.niv Mroß..
QO KEARNY— FRONT SUITE (FURNISHED)
iJ\J and single rooms; ' tourist solicited.
A BLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
JA Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
\\rE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
»» Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
. • ■ 0.i... street.
m. JONES— NICKLY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room: private.
907 .'".VKS-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
*<»• manacement: elegans sunny suites and
tingle; iiewly ttirnished; bath. Me. l SIU to SHU.
Lurk In street.
Q1 A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
t/X*i room; also suite of parlors; bath.
10? l LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
XXJtJ gle and double rooms; rent low.
Ql 7I- AH KIN - NICELY VUItNI S II E D
i/i I rooms: single, double and housekeeping.
LeavenivortU street.
7"! "I. LEAVENWORTH-SVNNY PARLORS:
I X J. private home; gonUerncn only: references.
*' * >rlt '* : >.!«;«..
VOBF.MITP. HOUSE. 1045 MARKET -PER
X nigh?, 350 to 91 : week. 91 60 to $5: families.
MiiHon Street.
GOO MASON - ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE;
OZO bath; 820.
->illu, :l >tre«i.
A A O MINNA -LARGE SUNNY FRONT
J J:_ room, suitable for two: also single; 915&94.
(MM MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\}\J I nished bay-window rooms: 91 a week.
Montgomery Avenue.
A 1 O* MONTGOMERY AYE. -NEWLY FUR-
rr I O nlsbed sunny rooms; every convenience;
$6 up.
O'lfarrell Street.
A<y\ O'FARRFLL ST.-DOUBLE PARLORS;
iol cheap; man and wife or two gentlemen.
fill! O'FA RKLL-C'JMFORTABLE HOME,
«lv smnll Enisllsh family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable.
7OXI O'FARKKLL— NICKLY FURNISHED
I — • >-i front room; folding bed; private family;
910 a month.
l'olk Street. . .
1 "1 QO POLK-NEW BUILDING, COR. SUT-
X.X OO ter; a nicely furnished front rooms.
1 lU\>) i"I - a OK 3 UNFURNISHED
J. KJKJ^J rooms to let.
1 1. -.».-. 1 Street.
99^ POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
— -.U gunny front rooms.
San Carlos Avenue.
99(1 "AN CARLOS AYE.-6 ROOMS AND
£i£j\) hath; water included, $20.
- Seventh street.
I 07 SEVENTH— SUITE OF HOTJSEKEEP-
-101 Ing rooms, rent $12; other rooms $1 per
week up. -•''t^s
M&iiiS reel,
m SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
x 4LI nicely furnished single and double rooms.
sutler tree..
P. 1 A PUTTER — FOR DOCTORS OR DEN-
•JJLtt tists. elenantly furnished suite cheap.
70-} sUI TER, COB. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
IWO newly furnish- d sunny rooms; en suite or
single.
lay lor Street.
C 99 TAYLOR— F RNIs H E D SUNNY
■ ->__ rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. - *:■•;.-».
Third Street.
m THIRD— FRONT, SUNNY, NEWLY
XOI furnished rooms; 96 and $8 per month.
Thirteenth Street.
99Q THIRTEENTH, BKT. nOWARD AND
__U Mission— single furnished front room. $5. i
. * »»u . «-s* ..\\fiiiit*.
VKWI.Y FUR. SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
-i.l flat: board optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE. OPP. CITY HALL- FUR-
n sheii rnom<. single or en suite: $Hatid *16
ISOAICDINO AXD KOOM.S.
719 post-2 LARGE SU N VrScTm S' WITH
• -•— excellent boird: $40 for 2: with privilege
of parlor and piano: a pleasant home.
/COLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLKY. FOl£
\J merly uroprletor 01 the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
I reputation us a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Kddy st.; meals 25c.
Till-. STEWART, COR. ELLIS aNl>TkaVE"n^
worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
HOTr.i. BiVItTLINU. 714 i.L'SH— A FAMILY
hotel: reference* given auu required; til mod
«m ronvt»nl<Tw«-«. ■ . ■> .
STOKES TO LET. ™~
OTOR* CiJR?TATA^ITTE7I^2THTnV^R7r|
O wiih fixtures for saloon; fit for any business.
Cheap rent. ■ - ■ * '
OFFICK3 TO LET.
OPRKCKELS BUILDING. P27 MARKKT—
kJ Elegant sunny olliceii. $12 60 up: electric-light-
heating and janitor service free. Apply at buildlnz
or<.. H. I.MHskn >t CO.. 14 Montgomery* !t.
' EIJUCATIONAh. ' ~
\ATANTKTr-"m r "^EXPERT ACCOUNTANT
'» several sets of books to write up evenings;
also. lessons In bookkeeping given: terms mod-
erate: bent of references. Address L. C.. box 144
Call ■ nice. ■
If LD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
L Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engln»-erinit. telceraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
ATTEND SI IEHL'S COLLKGET723 MARKET
/V St. The very b- st Individual instruction:
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., 91 ; books free.
AY RES'. TH LKADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery at.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
. ELA-i ■(> '- I A CKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
'-* Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME."
0 rhanlcal engineering, surveying, archltPCtnre-
sssay: estab. '64. VAN DKRNAILL.EN, 723 Mkt,
lI^LOCUIION. DRAMA. DELSAUTE. PHYSI-
XJ cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. ; cull after Ip. if.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MA RY WEsT H A US, 39 Fifth.
I>OW E N ' "ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY A V X.,
-L* Berkeley; special classes tor the universities.
MU Sit I A N FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
■"■*- in staging; t4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACH Kit OF
-I violin, guitar, mandolin, fear.jo. 1707 Marnet.
]UIGHTsCUOOL;HKALD'SBUS.COLLTgkT24
Xi Po»t:conimerclal. shorthand, English: low rates
OOKKl'.Nti, WRITNG. ARITHMTO.
day <te nl lit: nocla«8P«i: 95 month. 845 Mission
IO.SKPH lilttVt.N, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
0 Ninth nt
IjEATIsTS. ——
C ROOME DENTAL ASStJCfA^nON/TB^MXiv
V^ ketM.. h>-t. Third and fourth; gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial leithfrom $5; fillings from 91; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. .
R. gkor«;k W. leek, the GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o'Farrellst.
T/IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X 1 prices; first-class results: .painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. c. H AU-
DINC;', CM.. M.D., 500 Suiter st., corner Powell.
1 ,R. IUCKKTI, T ST., NEAR iiU-
■ ' cnanun; gas given; crown and bridge woric.
K.J» T. > JIANZ-EXTR ACTION PAINLESS
J-' crown work, bridge work and teeth with cm.
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. .
ffi*7 A sKT FOR TKKTH: WARRANTED A.-l
<T • good as can bo made: lining 91. Dr. SIMMS,
(.1 mi-... 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
I Jit. Ll DI.UM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
-I' near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made:' old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
i/ULii bJ£> \jt 1 i.i. in, 9.; warranted
X five y fan. DR. V. CA VALSK Y. 21 Sixth st,
SW OF TKETH WITHOI 1' A i-UTit ■WL U.
>... YOUNG. Polk si.
AINLKS3 KXTRACTION. 60o; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up; 13veart
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 8161V4 Geary.
t Ot/TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »U<* M-A.ii~
icettt. , Pit. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DX J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gale aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
CITY KEAL ATE.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
XJ ■ FINE FLATS.
PAYS OVER IO PER CENT.
Ql (\ 000 2 STORKS AND 8 FLATS NEAR
tJIII.UW, Larkiu and California; rents for
$140 per month: substantial three-story building;
first class condition; brick foundation; always
rented; this property la well worth 822,500.
KASTON, ELDRIDuK it CO.,
€38 Market St.
HANDSOME RESIDENCE. ■ ■
OVERLOOKING PARK PANHANDLE
AT A SAC HI FICK.
$"r.AA MODERN RESIDENCE OF 12
<IP I *J\J\> . rooms and bath on I.you 6t., near
Oak: In splendid condition; only four years Old;
cost over $9500; will take part payment In san
Rafael property.
EASTON, ELDRIDOK & CO..
63S Market st.
A SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT!
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
ON PACIFIC STREET.
CM (i OPIO A SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY
♦IP 1 U.V/' >\J. brick building, containing the« er,
lolfrtnc-hoiise of 12 rooms and i basements; large
lot 26x167:6; rents *100 per month.
EASTON, ELDIUiJOE & CO.,
638 Market st.
A COZY COTTAGE. '
■**■ . MUST BE SOLD.
EASY TERMS.
Ql 000 A COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS. lIART)-
-kDX\J\J\J. finished, In good condition, on Cheru-
busco »(., near ortland aye. ; 2 blocks from Mis-
sion-street electric cars; lot 25:8x70.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK * CO.,
638 Market st.
X'INE FLATS
-T IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
AT A SACRIFICE.
fliftOOO A PAIR OF KLEGANT MODERN
«.SP Vl/UVf. 11 .is of and 7 rooms and bath: well
built and in good condition; brick foundation, hhrh
basement, etc.; only 4 years' old: cost $8000:
choice neighborhood: always rented: lot 25x137.6
feet. EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO..
688 Market st.
A SACRIFICE.
■£*- MUST BE SOLD.
ACCOUNT FORECLOSURE
©1000 A SUBSTANTIAL TWO-STORY
«ip I\J\J\J. houses rooms, bath and high base-
ment: also stable: large lot 30x119 teet; on 15th
St., half a block north of Market: mortgage $3000
can remain. EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st-
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
0 CHOICE LOTS.
BEDROCK PRICES.
.$4500-Paciiic aye.. near Baker: 27:6x137 :«.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights: 50
*3500— st., nearSteiner: 25x137:6.
Baooo-Pa?e St., near Stelner: 25x100
82700— 24 th st.. near Treat aye.: 37:6x100.
Forty-two lots In O. L. b ock .Na 1092.
$2300— Fulton, near Lott; 25x100.
$2250— Ashbury, near Fell; 25x106:3.
f 2-60— 6th aye. and B St.: 32:6x100.
*.2OO— Walnut, near Clay; 25x112:6.
«Coo— .2.1, near Church: 60:11x114.
#2000— Fiilmore. near Union; 25x100.
$16U0— NE. corner I st.and 17th aye.: 57:6x100.
»1050-4tn aye., near California; 25x120.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800—1 si., near 12th aye.; 25x100.
*750— 10 m nve., near California; 25x120.
$600— Plymouth aye.. near Holly; 25x100.
$550— SW. cor. N st. and 13th aye.; 39:1x100.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO. ,
> 638 Market st.
©GOO COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LOT 25x125;
*£>(J\J\J. 114 Falrmount St., 1,2 block from cars
and lVa blocks from 30th' st. ; easy terms.
NICROL, 834 y 2 California st.
EW COTTAGE; WELLFURNIHHKD; GOOD
Xi well; two lots: $600; part cash. Cosmopolitan
Saloon, near House of Correction.
f I HEAP— SUNNY NEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
v and bath: lot 26x114. Apply 125 29:h sU
OR SALE-COTTAGE 6 ROOMS: BaTH;
lot 27i.2x109Va: price $3250. 2810 Octavia
st., near Union.
'OR SALE; REAL ESTATE BY PACIFIC
1 Bank, for cash; parties seeking investments in
City or country property, will find this a good op-
portunity for bargains. Apply at office, 530 Cal-
fornla st., H. F.
WNER .MUST LEAVE THE CITY; WILL
sell at a great sacrifice for cash; SW. cor. Fot-
som and 21ststs.. 9&x90 ft. ■"- ' -"" . •-
SW. COR. 20TH A TREAT AYE.. 25x110 FT.
ALSO 50x100 FT. N. SIDE PAGE ST., 37
feet from Shrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
S" ÜBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONaIIEY. 1149 Mission St.
SR 1 00 000 To LOAN. CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
(TIW.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate In probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st.
pHKAP~-~ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
\J rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes; stone walks.
On Waller at., or. Btanyan. i/g block <<■ Gate Par»c.
COUNTRY KEAL ESTATE.
\VANTED-BY A FAMILY OF 4, A SMALL
'• house In the mountains, 4 or 6 hours from
San Francisco; please state terms. M. It., box
126, Call Ogee.
SENDT.i LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOVEE
0 TOY A SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery St.. for
maps and full Information of McMahsn Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; unequaled in Cali-
fornia.
MA RIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES .28 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per
acre; terms to suit, syndicate Investment Com-
pany. 65 Chronicle building.
\ LAME DA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; OHOIC-
*'V «-st In the State; 8"!lin* In tracts. 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre: adjolnlns lauds held at $100
per acre; owner forced to Bel!} IVi hoars inn S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market si, S. F.
SEND FOR OUR I, is I OF ORCHARD IIOMKS
for sale. WOosTKK, A WH ITTO.V. •■••i \n%*.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TUB
- V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY 'IO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and lnsirun ems; Interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
\ DVANCK~S ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A jewelry, also on tarnltnr«, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest raU's. BALDWIN JKWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st.: open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTKK-
<>st per mouth for each S1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lif Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
VI ONEY LOAN&D OS JKWKLKY ANO
111 other valuables' at the Security Loan Offlca,
'. ICU Market si ,nr Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
I IhTTcT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays: no communion*: low
Imprest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market, st.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, lii/or 3D MORTUAGKS
estates, undivided Interests, real estate la uro-
bate. JIcCOUIAX. 24 Momcomerv. room 3.
1 ST d: 2i> MORTGAGES; lNTKKhsis IN K.+
■lMten;lowert rates:no dpI:iv.MURPHY,62S Mrk\
\ DVANCES DIAMONDS.JKWKLKY. KTU
.'^ « olniv.biit I .nun A- i'ollim»r>| mijr»» <> i.mr, nr>.
JPAWK BKOKKKS.""
"'X' T^iifli KEARNY ST.. ltOO_ 9— MONB Y*
■T* loaned, niche*, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pr;>
V«te roonn: elevator: pledge* for sal > cheap.
_______
mukTHTcal.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; borne in confinement. DR. A MRS
DA VIEs. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank:
consult free: French regulating pink pills 92;
hours from 9a.m.t05 p. m. and 7t09 p. 11. .
LL CASKS OF IR~REGUJL.ARITIKS RK-
stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate homo in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save lima
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post st- near Larkln.
A NKW PROCkSS— NOMKDICINE. INSTRU-
mentor worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases suarauteed:
if you want to be treated safe at. d sure rail ou a
man's physician. DR. I'OPPKR. 318 Kearny at.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEA KS OF WOMEN A
specially: unexceledin restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home In confinement; best of
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed Irom 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
ALPEA US FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure: 92 90 «/pm: C. O. D. -. don't delay
.-til too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, CaL
INSTITUTE OF PNKUi-ATOPATII V FOR
1 healing and instructions; 2729 Jackson si.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write tor
our "New McthoJs" : the poor healed free.
MRS. DB. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BK- ]
fore and ('.urine confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. : 419 Eddy st.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISRASE.H,
from whatever cause-, a home in conunerue.ru
with every comfort; satisfaction Kuarameed, by '.
Mlts, DR. GWYKK. 228 Turk st. ;
15^00 Fop - CASE I FAIL TO CURE; Dl*. ,
*JX>*J\l\J eases ol the eyes treated: ladles consult
fr« c: only qualified specialist. MRS. DR. SCOTT.
21 6 Powell st. ; (
DR. JOSS KLYnTtHE GREAT SPECIALIST,
1.06 Market s .; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood »nd female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay •.
R-. J. A. ACIIARD, MIDWIFE— HOMK IN
confinement: 25 yrV experience. 555 Mission. j
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE: DIEASK
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 1641-3 4th.
RIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTKR -STREET, KKAK
'Jones- : i'ueases of women and children.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IiKAI- JEST AT K.
T> A ROAINSJ IN~FRUITVA LE A CRE AGE-
-L»l acre near station, half price: 1% »cri-3 on
electric road. 9*00: y 2 acre Br.iy aye., cheap: 5
acres, orchard, cotta:.-. $8250: 3 re?. fruit, good
house. $2100. Terms, LODGE & I'OWKLL,
Jfrultvalestatlon. -
ftfiOOO -;? 1Ol J. V HOUSE,: Ofi 8 a BOOMS;
(PWUW. all m dm and compile; lot 00.x
11-: N. side of Twenty-ihird st., near Teiegrapn
e V«- ra ,"A*,. . , r L ***** work a " done. A. 11.
BLOW, 1010 Broad way.
$H7r>() 2 - K TOR.Y 8-ROOM MOIM- : NKW
V, .£; * i ßtld " ll modern; Just finished; N.
Side of Twenty-thlr.l at., between Grove and Tele-
prnph aye. : lot 40x112; easy terms: street work
dune. A. 11. BLOW, 1 01 U Broadway.
ft97f\fl XEvv 2-STOUY; HOUSKj ALL
- _ I <j\j. modern: 8 rooms; lot 35x165; near
Twenty-third at. and Tetearaph aye. J easy terms-
s.reet woric all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way.
C;m r\A NEW AND ALL MODKKN TWO-
*iF*'x *Jvr. story house; 8 rooms: Jus: com-
pleted: lot Sbxll'J: on Twenty-seventh st., be'-
Tele raph and lirove: street uoric all done. A. H.
blow, 1010 Broadwa.-.
•3:1 900 NKU ' MODEHN COTTAUK OF 5
ok J -— V ' V/ - rooms and bath: high bailment : lot
JdxlOO: I.oxh-y avp.. near Clinton: easy terra*.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
© I I (\C\ HOUSE 4 ROOMS; LOT '27:6xJ7;
«IT > IW. on Twenty-sixth st. near Market •
must be sold; this is a bargain; street work all
done. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broaaway.
97 % A 6- ROOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
<D_ I *J\J. era: lot 32xi05: Fourteenth si., near
Adeline; a bargain; street work all done. A. U.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
C\99 p \h WE WILL BUILD YOU a NEW 6-
<<p__uv.'. room house, with all modern im-
provements, in tne Grove-st. Tract, Grove and
Rtiph sts., for $'2'J5O, or an 8-room house lor
•52500: lots 40X1V5; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. 1010. Broadway.
HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; 1 BLOCK F. OM
Plea mond electric road; In Pleasant Valley:
price $.60. 350 cash; balance mortgage. Apply
Araan Chateau Restaurant, on Pleasant Val-
ley road, Piedmont.
\J ARGAIN-$ 1 00 CASH; $10 65 PER MONTH:
J-» house of 5 rooms and«bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100; 10 minutes' walk 10 local
train; price $000. WM. P. TODD, 100 2 Broad-
way. ( 'nklnn'l.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OAKLAND — 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
vy years: 14-room, sunny, full furnished house:
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge: $60: reference: call 10 to 6 p. M.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
\1 ARIPOST-MKS. EMM A H." "aDAMS^I
li Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-cUss table board. 5d6
Eleventh su, near Jefferson, Oakland. Cal.
FOURTEENTH AND CASTRo-TO LETT
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
_ ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
<B*.^n CASH; JJ3O PER MONTH; NEW 2-
*£!*J\.' story house of 7 rooms and alcove: all
modern. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
ft I 000 8-ROOM, 2-STORY HOUSE; ALL
jrp'jVW. modern and just completed: lot 50x
150: located on Beiiton st., near Hanta Clara aye •
easy terms; street work all done. A. H. BLOW.
1010 Broadway. - : -... ■.. :
ft 9^*l^o NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
(JT^Ut'U. house: just completed: all modern:
lot 30x125; easy terms: street work all done: this
Is a bargain: must be sold at once. A. 11. BLoW
1010 Broadway. '
iJiiUUV. 20 OOyi t>TTAGErSSO~cTSHT
tJ)^<UUU. $20 per month.
A 52300 b-ioom cottage; $300 cash- »25 per
month. r
*2760— 5-room cottage: $250 cash; $25 per
month. 1 „ . : *
$SOOO-6-room house; $200 cash: $25 per month.
$4030— .-room house; $800 cash; $25 per month.
Ail modern houses on Improved streets and con-
venient to trains; have also a few magnificent
houses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD * CO..
1364 Park St., Alameda.
ftfifMH) "EAUTIia'L NE W MODERN
\j\jki\j. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large room*; Central aye.,
one clock west of Park st.; It will surely please
you; investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St., Oslcland.
I>— li__L_V. hJ-,AL liar ATE.
JOSEPH J. MABON, REaL ESTATE AKD
insuranc» agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
i^OOD HOMES FOR KKNT OR FOR SALK
\J on easy terms. O. G. MAY * CO. real estate
ami bnlliUfitr. *.'l'J-t (Vrtfr St.. p. .rlt"l»v. .
FUOPKKTX IO _XC_A>tiE.
kT^R^TToUNTY (CLEAR)'
O£\J DKCKER. 1020 Market st.
4 A CKE RANCH (CLKAIt) TO EX-
-IOVJ change. Ul-CKER. 1020 Market st.
1 A ACRE FRUIT RANCH. 3 MILES HOUTH
x v of Santa Rosa- rich soil, 6 or 7 acres fruit and
vines, full bearing; house, barn, etc.: will exchange
for cuy property. J., box 41, • all Office.
5 ACRE COMPLETE lULTRY AND FRUIT
*J ranch at Fruitva'.e; $600 want bouse and lot.
J. 11. EPSON. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
19^0 ACRES TIMBER LAND, KKRN CO.:
i^Ul' water; tine cat 't>-r-U n::. N..hx.lß.Cail
PKOPKKrY WANTED.
1?OR RENT^reHolcEar" LOCATION^ IN*
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant loni term. See
CAPTAIN M HRISDN. P.»rkele^-. ■
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
A DVJCE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECt.
XX alty; private: do charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended a G. W. iluW'K, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
1 E. PHILLIPS— 8. AND STATE COURTS;
*■*• damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates: charges moderate, offices 508 California.
Eli A L BUS! X ESS TRANSACTED WITHOUT
-J publicity ; advice free and confidential. I. O.
box 2132, San Francisco.
R~W7 KING, ATTO RNEY-AT-LAW. CHROX-
. Icle Dldg; advice free; moderate: open evn«s.
\\T W. DA V 1 DsoN, ATTORN Y-A l'-LA W.
»» . California .st rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
Pit KESSIONAL CAKD'.
oiISTETiTICH ABD?, LAW OFI'ICES." '"ROOMS
'26 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN It. AITKKN ANDMAURICK l. ASJIKR
attys at law, n;is 515,516. 5 h floor. Parrou bldg.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
TO LET— THE W. TELL HOUSE, 317-319
Bush st.: this well-known hotel Is thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved; compares wlta
best Vid-class hotel 111 town. MADISON ABU KICK
aiAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license*) were Issued by
the County Clerk's o flice yesterday:
O. Green and Mary Sullivan. 26—19.
J. W. Woods and Alice Kerrigan. 24—18. [
Kmil Gi>el and Allen Crook, 24—26.
H. W. Bode aud Margaret G. McNerney, 22—20.
H. U. Blake aad May Buehrle. 35-27.
J. Connors and Susan M. Kiiroy. 30—24.
H. S. Arnhelm and Hnnnali Hunter, 36—35.
W. P. Wolfiufterand({eorglanaM.Steltz!43— 23.
Paul T. Carroll and Bert a Tliax er. 25—23.
Thomas P. Gibbons nnd Mary E. Jones, 27—27.
J. A. Goodwin ana Chessle A. Williams. 33—31.
K. F. M. Runge and Augus;e Glevolls. 32—23.
C. O. K. Flck and A nstasia Fleming, 88—80.
J. F. Robertson and i-.ilen Clayton, 28—24.
C. A. Thomas and hlvira Lewis, 28—20.
James J. Sullivan and Minnie Maney, 22—21.
F. By 11 a 11 nd Clementina Shoby, 30— It).
Royal C. Sco.t and Klise 11. Clark. 22—18.
F. de Vere and Claire M. Marsh, SO— 26.
R. Toopfer and Emily Rick. 28-22.
A. Andersen and Raicna J. Iversen, 26— 19.
W. A. WUklnsand Do: a H. Dibble*, 24—19.
William J. J'oxey and Llllle M. Hanaen. 21— i
P. F. Clausen and Christine - cliiinnn-r, 80— 49.
EIiIAIIS —^^AKRIA^ILS — DEAlii^
BORN.
BOLGER— In this city. July 5. 1896, to the wife of
A. J. Bolder, a son.
BURNS— in this city, July 2, 1896, to the wife of
Peter Burns, a son.
FITZ>IMMONS— In Fruitvale. July 4, 1896, to
me wife of James HzMinmons, ■ son.
McKEK— In Oakland, June 23, 1896, to the wife of
W. J. McKee, a son. •
WILLIAMS— In this city July 4, 1898, to the
wif* of B. T. W.UltiiDH, a daughter.
WOOD— this city, June 1896. to the wife of
Fred Wood, a daughter. ■-■■■
MAHKIED. ~ — —
ANDERSEN— IVERSEN— In this city. July 5
1896. by the Rev. C. Hoel, Anton Andersen and
Ragna Jacobina Iversen.
CLAUBEN-SCUIMMKR-In this city, July 3
1896. by the Rev. C. Hoel, Peter Frederick Clau-
sen and Christine schlmiuor. .
GOODWIN- WILLI A this city, by the
Rev. W. C. Shaw, James A. Goodwin of san
Francisco and Chessle A. Williams of Modesto
ROBERTSON— CLAYTON— In this city, July 4,
1898. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Joseph F. Rob-
ertson and Ellen Clayton, both 01 San Francisco.
RODMAN— niLL— Oakland, July 4, 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. the. assisted by the Rev. Samuel
Hirst, Frank O. Rodman and Annie M. Hill,
daughter of the late Rev. J. B. Hill, both of Oak-
land.
WILKINS— DEBBLEE— In this city, July 4,
1896, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Waiter A. Wil-
kins and Dora H. Debblee.
DIED.
AHh. Andrew Martin, Albert IT.
Asirltis. Simon Motcalf, Katharlna
Baldwin. Kate Mullen. John
Barry, Bridget O'Blelly, Mrs. Mary A.
Bishop. Mrs. Lucy Overacker. Howard J.
T Conner. Neil . Peters. Caroline
Condon, David . Ricimrd-i, Eliza W.
Donahue. James Rleley, Patrick
Eddy, Hurry (J. Robinson, Mary
HoUenschlld, Harry Roc. au.-iiHta. V.ctor
Kllleen, Dennis Schumacher. K. H.
MeDermott, John Smith, Frank G.
Malander, Mrs. Annie Wa:lenrod, George V.
ALTH-fn this city. July S. 1895. Andrew Alth
a naive of Hungary, aged '-'8 yenrs. *
ASKINS— In this city. July 6, 189 Simon, be-
loved husband of Annia Asking, and father of
George. Ivan. Grace and John Asklns, a retired
sergeant of the United Sates Army, a native of
Russia. a?e.l 52 years.
A3~Friends and acquaintance* ar» rwosev
fully invited to attend hi; funeral this DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter it Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
BALDWIN— In Ocean View. July 6, 1898. Kate,
beloved wife of David Baldwin, a native of
County Waterford. Ireland, aged 32 year*.
BARRY"— In this city, -illy 6. 1806, Bridget, be-
loved wife of Pet rr Barry, and mother of Nora,
Nellie, Gertie and Maud Barry and Mrs. Robert
Menary, a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland,
aged 51 years and 9 months.
*S~Frlen'U and acquaintance ai-o r»«!Dec*-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW*
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, MO5 Clipper street, thence to St.
Paul's <nnrch,wheie asolemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BISHOP— In this city, July 8, 1895. Mrs. Lucy
Bishop, wife of Frank Bishop, and mother of
Hattle Bishop, and youngest daughter of Captain
Obed Smith, a native of Yarmouth. N. S., aged
65 years and 1 1 months. [Boston and Yarmouth,
papers please copy.]
«*" Friends and acquaintance! ar« re*>o*J*..
fnlly Invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from 1621
Post street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BON'NER-In this city, Ne I, beloved husband of
the late Ellen Conner, and father of .Mrs. Mam in
King, Nell. Maggie, Daniel. John. Philip and
Kunnie. Bonnpr, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Campbell, Charles and Owen Herald, a native of
the parish 01 Luildoff, county Donegal, Ireland,
aged 45 years.
43**Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence o: his sister-in-law. Mrs. Campbell, 1040
Kentucky street, thence 10 St. '1 heresa's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
0 clock a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. • • —
CONDON— In this City. July 6. 11*96.I 1 * 96. dlvid, be-
loved husband of Lizzie Condon, and brotnsrof
Mrs. Henry Hanson ana Mrs. Frederick Frey,
a native of London, England, aged 4's years.
(Chlcaso papers please copy.J
IfifFrlendJ and acquaintance* are ' reih«o".-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. _
train. . •. . .
DONAHUE— In Louisville, Ky., June 25, 1896,
James Donahue, a native of Ireland, aged 04
years. * ■', •
EDDY— In this city, July 6 1898. Harry G. Eddy,
on y and beloved son of .Mrs. Emma Jones, and
brother of Mrs E. J. Daley and Alice Llilnbetli*
and Irene Eddy, anatlwor Nevada County,
Cal., aged 19 years and 4 days. .
O~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock p. m., from the pur-
lors of the Golden Gr.**3 Undertaking Co., 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
l. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOHEN'SCHILD-In Highland Springs. July 3,
1896. Harry Hohcnschllrt. beloved son of Mrs.
C. Y'ounj? nnd Henry liohenschlld of lacoma,
and brother of Frank Hohenschild, a native of
san Francisco, ».ged 21 years and 6 months:
JWFriendj and acquaintance* nr» resosot-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first. inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.'
H. K. of A.— Triumph Legion No. 1, Select Knights
of America: Officers a*id members ottheabovo
legion are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our late comrade, Harry Uohenschild, from
the undertaking parlors. 24'^U Mission street,
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m., in
fatigue dresi. J. J. SUTHERLAND, C.
At e-it: W. C. Crowley, Kecoraer. .?
KILLEEN— In San Luis Oblspo. July 5. 1896,
Dennis, be'oved husband of Minnie Killeen,
father of Walter. Edward, Howard and Annie
Killeen, and beloved brother of John and Mart n
Kllleen. a native of Kings County, Ireland, asred
49 years. . -, .
4-yFriends and acquaintances ar» r<Mtv>"-
fnily invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 613 Bartlett street, thence tost. Paul's
Church. Twenty-nin.h and Church streets,
where a sol»mn requiem mas* will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:3.1
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McDERMOTT— In this city. July 5,1896, John,
beloved son of Timothy and Bridget McDermott,
and brother of James ana Thomas McDermott,
a native of San .cisco, aged 19 years and 11
months.
*S"Frlend» and acquaintances ars r»in°at-
fully Invl ed to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 927 1 ork street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his sou:, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALANDER-In this city, July 6, 1896, Annie
Malander, dearly beloved wife of Edward Malan-
der, and loving mother of Mrs. K.Ramos. Wil-
liam and »orge Reit«rruan. Flora Malander and
the late Edward Ueltermnn, a naive of County
GalwHV. Ireland, aged 5H years.
1 «S~Friends of deceased are respectfully invited
toateud the funeral THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
9 o'clock a. m., from her la c residence, 104,
Jackson street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MARTIN— In this city, July 5, 1890. Albert
Homer, youngest c 1 lid of A. H. and Louise Mar-
tin, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 7 days.
t3T No: Ice of funeral hereafter.
METCALF— In this city, July 6, 1896, Katharina
Metca f. beloved mother of Mrs. Kate. Strohlem
and Mrs- Henrietta Rossow, a native of Ger-
mans, aged 64 years 4 months and H days. ' r
JK3"Frlend3 ana acquaintance* are iMlier
fo"y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at '& o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 114 silver street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment 1. O. O. K. Cemetery. ■■■
MULLEN— In this clt«-, July . 5, 1896, John Mul-
len, a native of Ireland, aged 71 year*.
O'RIELLY-In this city. 'July 6. 1896. at Our
Ladles' Home, fiirs.Mary Ann O'Rielly, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years.
OVERACKER-In this city, July 4. 1896, How-
ard Justus Overacker.a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 8 months and 23 days. •
PETERS- In this city, July 1896. Caroline, be-
loved wife of Harfy D. Peters, and mother of
Amanda and John Nicho as Postae. a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 3 months and
29 days.
RICHARDS — In Oakland, July 5, 1896, Eliza W.
Richard*, a native of England, aged 66 years 6
months and 1 -' days.
RIKLEY— In Stockyards, July 4, 1896, Patrick
Rlelev. a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. Jnly 6, 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late John Robinson, and only
sister of ilathew McGowan. and mother of Mas-
Rle, John, Charles, O-Orge and Mery Robinson,
a native of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged t5 years.
£3~Fr!end°) and acquaintance* ju-» r»<":»-3>
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:25 o'clock a.m.. from her lain
residence. 162/B Post street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness -avenue, wnere a solemn
requiem high mass will he ceter «ted for the re-
pose of het soul, commencing &> 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BOCCATAGLIATA— In this city. July 6, 1898.
Victor, beloved brother of John, Joseph .and
Frank Roccatagllata, a native of Italy, aged 33
years.
Friends and acquaintances are resoect.
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS D V
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p. v.. from his late
residence, 921 a Pacific street. Ihe nee to Galileo
Galilei Hall, 423° Broadway, where at 2 o'clock
p.m. Druliic funeral ceremonies will be per-
formed under the auspices of Galileo Galilei
Grove No. 3/. U. a: O. D., thence to Italian
Cemetery.
SCHUMACHER— In South san Francisco. July
6, 189 U. Edward Henry Schumacher, dearly be-
loved and only son of Ferdinand and Kntharlna
Schumacher, and brother of Freida schumac'ier,
a native of San 1 rancisco. Cal., aged 7 months
I and 10 days. ' ■
US "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 a tend tue fiiiior.t. THIS jAI'
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1435 Fifth avenue South,
between J and X streets. South Sau Francisco.
Interment I. O. O. P. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, July 2, 1896, Frank Glenn
.Smith, a native of California, aged 27 years and
1 month.
ALLEN' ROD— In this city. July 4, 1896, George
V. Wallenrol, beloved husband of Mary, and
father of George Jr.. Leon, Mary and Annie
Wall -nrod. a native of Germany, need 65 yean.
tfir Friends and acquaintances and members of
Manzanita Tribe No 4, Imp. O. R. M.. and Ger-
man in Lodge No. 171», K. of X., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS AY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., irom Fraternal
Hall. AlcKur Building. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of a.
W. .Martin & Co., IS Geary street.
HIcAVOr. A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRKCTORS & KMBALHKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Jas. McMknomey. Ctias. McMkxomky.
JAMES McMKNOMKY & SON, .
USDEKTAKERS AND EMBALMERS
1U57 Mission Street, N«-ttr Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354. .
JAa . ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERi,
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS,"
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San. Francises
Telephone. SO. 156.
1516
SLEEPING IN A
WET, DARK CELL,
Some Barbarities of the
California-Street
Station.
MORE ROOM IS NEEDED.
Prisoners Facked Tighter Than
the Traditional Sar
dine.
MEN AND WOMEN BEATEN.
The Women's Single Cell Makes No
Distinction Between New and
Old Offenders.
The Board of Supervisors a short time
since roused itself to the necessity of a
woman's separate cell and especial provi
sion for women in the City Prison at the
City Hall.
The board has had time to rest from its
exhaustive labors in that instance and it
is, thirefore. time to call attention to the
needs of the California-street station in
that and other regards.
There are five cells in the California
street station. No. 1 is exclusively re
eerved for Chinamen. No. 2 is held for
sober people arrested on charges of felonies
and aggravated misdemeanors.
Nos. 3 and 4 are for drunks pure and
simple.
No. 5 is for women of all kinds and con
ditions, arrested upon whatsoever charge
they be.
To those familiar with the variety of
kinds and conditions that are nightly
found in the police dragnet — the old
drunks and utterly disreputables, the
young women with tne flush of innocence
scarcely brushed from their cheek, the
suspects, the woman dressed in :lean linen
and finery who sat too long at ncr French
dinner and discovers only when on her
way home how much wine she really did
drink — to the man who bas seen represen
tatives of all these classes thrown together
on the stone floor and the narrow benches
of th • women's cell of the California-street
Station, there is suggested the need of
swift reform.
Again, when Chinatown is raided, as it
frequently is, the Chinese cell is not suffi
cient. The felony ccil — men arrested upon
complaints not proven — is emptied into
that of the common drunks, to mingle
with the filthy, vermin-infested and ill
smelling crowd.
A few nights ago the Chinese cell was so
crowded that it overflowed into No. 2 and
crowded it to such a decree that the in
mates were compelled to keep on their feet,
there not being room enough behind the
bars for them to sit down.
The two cells of the plain drnnks dur
i:vc such periods is simply unspeakable,
and the stench of the underground place
is scarcely to be mentioned to early morn
ing readers, much less dwelt upon.
Ihe prison or lock-up, it should be men
tioned, is under ground. It is necessary
in order to exist here at all to drench it
out frequently, and a hose is found always
attached to a hydrant in the passage in
front of the cells. As a consequence, the
concrete floor is always damp. A movable
board flooring is provided to be laid on
the stone. It is not always laid, however,
and men and women also are required to
sleep on the damp, stone floor.
There is in addition to the five cells
named a dark cell. Here the floor does
not drain, but that does not cause the
officers to be any more careful about put
ting down the flooring. The water some
times stands on the floor there half an
inch deep.
On the night of the Fourth the prison
was crowded in every cell. The wagon
picked up four drunks on Clay street—
helplessly drunk. Tbere was a fifth that
was not apparently drunk at all. He was
one John Kelly, found s itting on the step
in front of a Clay-street warehouse with a
pair of crutches beside him. He explained
that he lived at Salinas; that he had been
driver of a hose team, that his foot had
been run over and had to be amputated,
that he had come to town to see the dem
onstration here, and that, tired of walking
on his crutches, he had sat down to rest.
He was thrown into the wagon with the
other four, and his arm so wrenched that
when being taken out of the wagon at the
California-street station he had to crawl
upon nig hands and knees into the station.
The bandages on his foot were also partly
torn off, and the stitches in the flesh were
wrenched so that his progress across the
floor and down the stairs and across
the floor to the booking window was
trailed in his blood. Despite nis protest
and that of some of the bystanders, he was
booKed as that of a drunk. The bystand
ers urged that he be sent to the Receiving
Hospital, but no atteution was paid to the
suggestion.
Kelly in his turn remonstrated against
the abuse heaped upon the four "drunks"
who had come with him. They were
kicked and cuffed and draeged down the
stairs, one officer to each pulling them
by the shoulders. One of them was
speechless and unable to give his name.
He was smacked in the face and his nose
twisted brutally. As this was not effective
in bringing him to it was ordered that he
be taken to the dark cell. The dark cell
MEW TO-DAY.
fitted
Purifies and Beautifies
T?lx© Sl£.ixi
by restoring to healthy
activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gish? Overworked Pores.
Bold throughout th« world. Potter Deuo akd
Cum. Cob p. Sole Prop*. Boston, U. 6. A.
••— Ho to Purify and Beautify t be Skm," mailed, free.
was found to be already occupied. A man j
came out of it who had been lying in a
pool of water that lay half an inch deep
on the floor. His clothes were saturated
and in this condition he was thrown into
the crowd of drunks in cell 3.
The other "drunk" who was to take his
place in the dark cell was aDout to be
'thrown in upon the wet floor when a by
stander insisted on being allowed to put
down the wooden flooring that stood
against the wall and only needed a touch
to put it in place on the floor and at least
protect the victim from the water.
The bystander referred «.o was an old
man who. wnen he reached the sidewalk
in front of the station and where he did
not stand in fear of arrest himself, was
free in his expressions of horror at what
he had seen.
"1 have seen a good many prisons in all
parts of the country," he said, "but such
a prison and such a treatment of prisoners
I have never seen before."
But that was only one night. The fre
quenter of this prison grows hardened to
such scenes. It is quite a common circum
stance for drunken men to be so roughly
used by the orlicers at the station as to
necessitate their being transferred to the
Receiving Hospital. That was the case
with a young man only a few weeks ago,
a burly officer throwing him to the floor
with such force as to render him insen
sible, with fears of a fractured skull.
A hysterically drunken young woman
a few nights later had her clothes almost
torn off her, after which she was thrown
into the dark cell.
These, as stated, are to the regular at
tendant at the station very ordinary inci
dents. But that is the reason why the
Supervisors should widen the scope of
their reform until it embraced this and all
the other stations so far as needs be.
Dr. Fred A. Rinne of the Receiving Hos
pital visited the prison last night and was
surprised to learn that no drugs or stimu
lants were there for cases of special emer
gency. He declared that in common hu
manity they should be provided. He will
report upon this matter.
POLICE RETIREMENTS.
The Pension CoininUgioners at Their
Meeting Yesterday Took No
Action.
The Board of Pension Commissioners of
the Police Department held its quarterly
meeting yesterday morning. The regular
bills were audited and the board ad
journed.
No action was taken as to the placing of
any officers who are over 60 years of age
and have served twenty years and over on
the pension list, and it was given out un
officially tuat the statement that several
would be retired was unwarranted.
Last year at the same meeting it was
stated previous to it that certain officers
would be retired. No action was taken,
and it was given out that there would be
no retirements. But at the next meeting
of the Board of Police Commissioners
Captains Douglass, Short and istone and
others were abked to send in their resigna
tions. It may be that something of the
Kind will occur this year at the next meet
ing of the Police Commissioners.
HIS WOUNDS PROVED FATAL.
Antonio Msrhailo Dies From a Gun-
ahot Wound While Hunting.
Antonio J. Machado, who resided at '
San Rafael, died last evening at the Ger
man Hospital from the effects of a eun- !
shot wound in the right arm. An in- !
quest was waived by the widow, and the
body will be removed to tan Rafael for in- i
terment.
While hunting at Sunol on June 29,
Machado, becoming fatigued, concluded
to rest in the snade of a friendly tree. He |
laid his gun down on the grass and was
about to take a nap when be suiec a bird
B short distance aw:ty. He gratped his j
gun by the muzzle and pulled it toward
him with the intention of taking a shot at
the bird. The trigger of the gun caught
in a twig and the gun was exploded, the
charge taking effect in his arm. Machado
was removed to the German Hospital in
this City by friend;;, but gangrene set in ]
on the wounded limb and he succumbed ]
to his injury.
Notes of the Courts.
Emeline C. Thomusou has applied for letters
ot administration on the estate of Monroe
Thompson, which is valued at about $1<»OO.
Kate McKeown petitioned yesterday for let
ters of administration on the $tk)O estate of
Patrick J. McKeonn.
Thomas Brown has asked for letters of ad
ministration on the $5000 estate of James
Nash Brown, whose property Is situated in
Pasadena, Cal.
Bridget Fitzgerald has been appointed ad
ministratrix of the estate of Thomas Fitzger
ald, which is valued at $000.
The will of Andrew Her.ebery has been ad
mitted to probate. Albert T. Roche was ap
pointed administrator of the estate, which is
worth $10,000.
Accepted Design for the New Municipal Building to Be Erected on the Corner of Kearny and
Washington Streets, the Site of the Old Hall. The. Picture Presents All the Recent Improve
ments Which the Architects Were Instructed to Make.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1896.
SHE LOANED HIM
HER DIAMONDS
And He Has Neglected to
Return Them to
Her.
SO SHE BRINGS SUIT.
Story ot the Brief Partnership
of Mrs. Rosenthal and
M. N. Hirsch.
SHE RENTED HIM A ROOM.
And After Many Months He Moved
Out Without Paying the Long
Overdue Rent.
Mrs. Bamuel Rosenthal began two suits
in the Superior Court yesterday against
her late partner in the tobacco business,
M. N. Hirsch.
She sues for the recovery of diamonds
valued at $500 and a board and lodging
bill in the sum of $450, and a couple of
thousand more for the lease of the store
room at G24 Market street.
The story of how all this indebtedness
piled up against Mr. Hirsch, as told by
Mrs. Rosenthal, is an interesting one. Tte
diamonds, Mrs. Rosenthal says, she loaned
Hirsch, and this led to his forming new
associations, to the breaking up of tne
partnership and all the rest of it, greatly
to her monetary loss.
"My store was shut tip and I was in all
sorts of complications growing out of the
divorce proceedings with my husband,"
said Mrs. Rosenthal yesterday, "when
Hirsch came to see me and proposed that
I take him into partnership.
"Judge Hebbard, in granting the di
vorce, cave me all the community prop
erty, but required that I pay the bills con
tracted by my husband. The court also
put a bailiff in the store as receiver to
protect the interests of creditors.
"About that time I discharged a clerk, a
boy named Jacobs, as I wanted to econo
mize, and for revenge be went to the cus
toms authorities and informed them that
the bailiff, Keilly, was selling tobacco not
properly stamped.
Then the United States courts under
took to put a bailiff in in place of that of
tne Superior Court, and theresult was that
between the two — Judge Ilebbard resisting
— my store was closed so far as my busi-
Iness was concerned.
B"i had a 'to let' in the window for half
Ithe store. That attracted this man
Hirsch, or at least he made it his excuse
for coming to see me. After talking for
some time about renting he asked me if I
would not take him in as a partner. He
said he would give bonds to the court and
so enable us to resume business and would
pay me $3,500 for a half interest. The
stock had been inventoried at over $11,000,
but 1 was in such straits, as you see,
that the knife was practically at my
throat. I could not act on my own ac
i count, for my friends were doubtful about
the outcome of the tangle between the
two courts and to get bonds wa3 there
fore a difficult matter. So I decided to
accept the offer of Hirsch.
"He had b. en living in Alaska for a
number of years, and looked shabby be
hind my counter. I offered to lend him
some of my diamonds in order to give him
' a more spruce appearance. Besides he
said he wanted to go to the Concordia
Club to see some ladies there. I loaned
him the jewelry, and he has made very
good use of it. He lias never returned it
to me. He became engaged to marry a
i fine young lady. Then he wanted to se-
I cure all of my store. He said he had bor
| rowed £.'.500 from his brother, Charles
Hirsch, notwithstanding the agreement
between us that he must not sign notes
without my permission.
"The store was attached. My lawyer
wanted to fight it but I said no; I would
sell out and I did. I was to have received
$800 from the sale but did not get a cent.
"At the time we sold out Hirsch owed
me for nine months board and lodging.
He had been living out in the Mission
somewhere and complained that it was a
difficult thing for him to get down in the
morning to open the store. I then offered
to rent him the front room of my apart
ments over the store at a low rate. He
readily accepted, out never paid me any
rent. When I asked him for it he would
complain that times were hard and
promise to pay me in a lump. But that
was all I got— promises.
"So I gave the whole matter into the
hands of Mr. Raver to collect. That is
the story of the suit."
SOCIALISTS IN COURT.
William Cotttey's Case DismUaed by
Police Judge Joachiinsen.
The case of William Costley, the social
ist, was threwn out of Police Court 3
yesterday by Judge Joachimsen because
the officers who made the arrest were not
present to prosecute. Costley's case at
tracted considerable attention recently.
He and a number of other socialist lectur
ers were holding an open-air meeting on
Thursday night on Seventh street, near
Market. When about half through his
discourse he was ordered by the police to
leave the locality.
Costley promptly refused to do so, claim
ing the rights of free speech, and for his
refusal he was arrested and locked up in
the Southern police station on a charge of
disturbing the peace. From subsequent
inquiries it was learned that the Odd Fel
lows objected to these 6treet-gatherings,
claiming that the speakers disturbed the
meetings in the buildings.
Not only were the socialists interested
but the labor unions, and it is said that
the Free Press Defense Association were
going to Costley's defense and had the
case been decided against the accused
there is no doubt that it would have been
carried to the Superior and even to the
Supreme Court if necessary.
When Costley went into court yesterday
he was accompanied by a large number of
his associates and those interested in free
speech. Why the arresting officers were
not present to prosecute is a matter of
conjecture. The Judge said that he would
not put Costley to any further annoyance
if the arresting officers" were not sufficiently
interested to be present when the case waß
called.
PUBLIC SCHOOL MONEY,
There Will Not Be Any Dock
ing This Year of Teachers'
Salaries.
It Is the Intention to Expend a Big
Sum for Urgently Needed
Repairs.
The public school teachers will not be
docked this year in their salaries. It is
also the opinion of the directors thafc there
will be sufficient money received by them
to pay all of the current expenses of the
ensuing year.
What the sum will be cannot be stated
exactly until the figures are received from
the State Superintendent of Public In
struction at Sacramento and the appro
priation is made by the Board of Super
visors. It is known, however, that the con
templated building of the High School
desired at the Mission will have to be
abandoned, and while it is expected that
there will be sufficient money for repairs
there will not be any for the erection of
new schoolhouses.
The latest statement filed with the
Board of Education by the Finance Com
mittee shows the total expenditures for the
! fiscal year ending June 30, 1896, to be
| $1,03«i,4-'4 72. Contracts for improvements
at the Bornal Heights, Cooper, Denman,
Harrison and Columbia schools, which
are under wav but have not yet been paid,
tmonnt to $50,000. The total receipts
were $893,965 a.id the estimated sum
which will he received from the State
school fund is $2:20,000.
It has been recommended by H. D.
: Dunne, the erpert of the Grand Jury, that
; $1,200,000 br allowed the School Depart
ment, which sum will be comparatively
satisfactory to the directors. Contracts
| will be let at once for the whitening of
: sixty schoolhouses, and it is the intention
to expend in various repairs during the
year the sum of $ltiVoo. All of the pub
lic schools wiil then be in a good sanitary
condition.
1:.I«;i»«m1 nil I ' :t fI .
L. Straussman and B. Straussman, charged
with perjury, were yesterday brought before
Judpe Trmm on habeas corpus writs and or
dered releused on giving $ 1000 bail eacli.
MASQUERADING IN
MEN'S ATTIRE.
Mrs. Mamie Roland or Bald
win of Sacramento
Arrested.
WAS DOING THE TOWN.
She Was Dressed in a Natty
Suit of Blue Clothes and
Brown Hat.
HER SHOES BETRAYED HEE.
Judge Campbell Orders Her to Appear
for Sentence To-Morrow
Morning.
One of the "new women" from Sacra
mento appeared in Judge Campbell's court
yesterday morning to answer a charge of
violating one of the City ordinances by
masquerading in men's attire.
About 6 o'clock in the morning Police
men Webster and Richter were standing
on Post and Kearny streets when what
they supposed to be three nattily dressed
young men passed them. They were
laughing and chatting gayly and having a
good time generally.
Something peculiar in the one in the
center attracted the attention of the offi
cers. The face was smooth, the bust was
full and the feet were very small for a
young man. Besides, a straggling lock or
two of blonde hair could be seen dangling
over the neck.
The officers followed the trio and asked
them to stop. They charged the one in
the center with being a woman. She
niushingly admitted the soit impeach
ment and the result was she was sent in
the patrol wagon to the City Prison, where
she was booked for masquerading in male
uttire.
She said she was a married woman, 30
years of age, and gave the Fame Mamie
Roland. Subsequently she admitted that
her husband's name is Baldwin and that
he is a well-known politician in Sacra
mento.
She wore a natty suit of blue clothes
that fitted her well-shaped figure to per
fection and a brown Fedora hat. Her
scarf, collar, cuffs and shirt were of the
latest style. Her dainty shoes were the
only feature of her attire that was Dot
ma>culine.
The courtroom was crowded and when
she appeared she was the cynosure of all
eyes. She bore the scrutiny with becom
ing modesty.
"What do you plead to this charge of
wearing men's clothes?" asked the
Judge.
"Guilty," she said, "but I wish you
would let me off. It's the first time I was
ever arrested and I didn't know it was
against the law. It was all a joke."
"Where do you live?"
"At Post and Kearny."
"Where did you get the clothes?"
"They are my brother's."
"Are you single?"
"No; I'm married."
"Where is your husband?"
"He is in Sacramento."
"So you thought you would have a good
time, eh ?"
"I just wanted to celebrate the Fourth,
and then I wanted to see some of the sa
loons where women can't go."
Her attorney begged the court to allow
her to go on her own recognizance, as it
was her first offense.
"I won't do any such thing, 1 ' retorted
the Judge. "This case is much more seri
ous than appears on the face of it. If we
let these new women wear our clothes they
will be wanting to wear our whiskers by
and by, and then where will we men get
off? The defendant is ordered to appear
for sentence Wednesday morning, and in
the meantime I would advise her to change
her clothes."
The Judge fixed her bonds at $100, which
were immediately forthcoming, and she
left the courtroom with her friends.
HOW THE HALL WILL BE,
New Municipal Building to Be
Erected on an Old
Site.
Revised Plans Finally Accepted by
the Board of Supervisors.
The Plan.
The new municipal building to be
erected on the site of the old City Hall—
the eround space extending on Ktarny
street from Mercnant to Washington, and
on Merchant from Kearny to Dunbar
alley — should be a handsome addition to
the public edifices of San Francisco. The
Legislature authorized the Board of Super
visors to appropriate $300,000 for the build
ing and permanent fixtures. The Super
visors reserved $25,000 to pay for plans, ad
vertisingnnd incidental expenses, leaving
$275,000 for the building proper.
It is provided in the act that the entire
work shall be included in one contract.
This provision was made to obviate delay
in construction. The building should be
finished and ready for use within one year
from this time.
The plans of the architects, Shea <fe Shea,
which the Supervisors have finally ac
cepted, promise an or namental as well as
a substantial building. An example of
the Italian renaissance in heavy rustic
stone will be shown in the first and second
stories. The upper, or third, fourth and
fifth stories, will be In pressed brick and
terra cotta. The building will rise to the
height of 75 feet above Kearny street, and
the top of the tall tower will be 120 feet
above the sidewalk curb.
The structure is to be of steel frame and
fireproof throughout. There are no wooden
joists. The flooring is to be the only
thing wooden abou*, the house.
Tbe plans provide for three entrances, a
main entrance on Kearny ami one on Mer
chant and another on Washington street.
The architects contend that the entrance
on Merchant street will be quite as ample
and convenient as that which led from the
same thoroughfare to the interior of the
old City Hall. There is this difference,
however. The main floor, or the hrst one
above the basement in the old building,
was reached bj a flight of steps ascending
from the street. In the new structure one
will enter the basement from the sidewalk
level and pas« through a corridor to an
interior stairway and elevator connecting
with the upper stories. Lawyers, business
men and others who are called on to visit
the hall daily may insist on a passageway
leading to the main floor directly from
Merchant.
The Kearny-street entrance may be in
j one sense the most important, but the
majority of citizens having business to
transact in the hall will, as of old, seek the
entrance on Merchant street. Should their
wishes be ignored steps may be taken to
cause a suspension of work "until the de
sired changes are made.
The police courts, the administrative de
partments of the police, and the criminal
departments of the Superior Court will be
provided with ample accommodations in
the new house. The drillroom for the
police will be in the basement. ■ The cells
for prisoners will be on the top floor, and
will be so arranged that men, women and
boys may be separated and the hardened
criminals placed apart from other prison
ers. No keys will be used for unlocking
cells. A mechanical device at a central
point will lock or unlock any cell on the
floor.
Two spacious electrical elevators with
speed attainment of 300 feet per minute
will be provided for eeneral public use. In
addition there will be a large secret or cell
elevator in which to transfer prisoners
from the van to the rotunda, or from the
rotunda to the courtroom.
Special attention has been given to the
sanitary requirements of the Receiving
Hospital. The hospital will be located on
the main floor, or the first above the base
ment, facing Merchant street and Dunbar
alley. The building throughout is to be
heated by steam.
CAUGHT ROBBING A STORE.
f.. K. Kalston and Ihomas Curley
P aced Cnder Arr««t.
L. E. Ralston, a young man, was seen
leaving the grocery of Henry Muller,
corner of Sutter and Devisadero streets,
about 2 o'clock yesterday morning, by Po
licemen Tuchler and Keys and Special
Offier Doyle. He had a box of cigars un
der his arm.
The store was open, but Muller was in
the barroom in the rear. The officers
questioned Ralston and found that his
pockets were filled with cigars. They de
tained him and on entering the store "they
found Thomas Curley, an ex-convict, try
ing to open the cashregister. Curley was
also arrested. As the store was open a
charge of burglary could not be preferred
against them, so Ralston was booked for
petty larceny and Curley for attempt at
petty larceny.
WOMEN ARE ORGANIZING.
An Extended System of Precinct
Clubs in Process of
Formation.
The Eniire State Will Be Embraced !
in the Far-Reaching Plan of
Campaign.
"Oh, isn't it just too lovely! It seems
too good to believe. Only to think, we are I
going to work the entire State, precinct by !
precinct. We surely cannot fail."
These anil an infinitude of less coherent j
exclamations are making the air rosy in |
the vicinity of the woman suffrage head- i
quarters.
Tho facts which have evoked this burst
of enthusiastic rejoicing are briefly as fol
lows: For some time past the leading
friends of the woman suffrage cause have
been cautiously sounding their way to
ward the realization of a pet scheme — the
establishment of an organized system of
precinct clubs. A number of meetings
have been held, at which the matter has
been discussed at length, but without any
definite result.
The last meeting of the State Central
Committee, however, settled the matter,
and a viuorous campaign is now in process
of organization. Those present were: Miss
.Mary G. Hay, chairman of the committee,
Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Miss Susan B. An
thony, Mrs. J. H. SwiH and Mrs. Nellie
Hulbrook-Bliim, being the entire person- 1
nel of the committee, with the exception
of Mrs. Austin Terry, who was absent from
the City. At this meeting the matter of
the precinct clubs was again formally
brought up. There was much discussion
as to the probable outcome of the project.
As is usual in such gatherings, some timid j
spirits hung back. All were a unit in their j
belief that their proposed plan of cam- I
paign was a good one, but would it work?
The iadies uo not care to say just now
they answered the timorous queries of the
doubting Thomasinas. The latter contin
gent was, however, vanquished, and pasbed
over to the ranks of the bolder spirits, who
have made up their minds that in spite of
all opposition, in spite of ridicule and in
defiance of all the croakers, male and
female, the plan shall work, for they will
make it work.
Accordingly the work has commenced in
this City, and in the course of a few days
will be inaugurated in the interior towns,
about twenty of the largest of which are
anticipating the organization of clubs. The
local work is in charge of Mrs. Clara Long,
who has in the space of less than a week
proved herself a most able organizer. As
soon as the clubs are formed regular meet
ings will be held at each of them, with ad
drestes by such eloquent lady orators as
Miss Anthony, the Rev. Anna Shaw and
Mrs. Chapman-Catt.
Meanwhile great interest in the woman
suffrage movement is rife in the interior
towns. Requests for suffrage pamphlets
are Douring in at the headquarters day
after day in constantly increasing volumes,
and the stenographers, typewriters and
secretaries are taxed to their utmost in
order to keep the correspondence an
swered up to date.
"The keynote to the entire suffrage
movement," said Miss Hay yesterday, 'is
confidence — confidence in the justice of
our cause, confidence in the efficient aid
of our powerful friends, among whom The
Call was first and is reckoned chief, and
above all confidence in the glorious vic
tory which awaits us in November."
Writing Tablets 5 cents to 2t» cents eacn.
I Papeteries 10 cents to 50 cents per box. The
i best values in writing paper and envelopes
I are the "Venetian, "Hond," '■lverness,"
| "Devonshire," "Keal Irish Linen" and
j "Superfine," at 25 cents per box. Stationery
I Department, Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
I street. •
THREATENED HIS LIFE.
C. W. Beals Has Procured a Warrant
for the Arri-st of Joseph K. Sham,
His Brother-in-Law.
C. W. Beals, manager of a collection
agency, 24 Mills buildinp, swore to a coin
plaint In Judge Campbell's court yester
day afternoon, charging Joseph E. Sham
with threats to kill.
Beals is Sham's brother-in-law, and
when Sham fled to Honolulu about two
years ago Beals took charge, under in
structions of the court, of his collection
agency business.
Sham returned to the City several
HEW TO-DAY.
I Always FIRST
! Gail Borden
I Eagle Brand
CONDENSED JIILK
1 For 35 years the leading brand. It is the
' Best and the most economical.
[ A PERFECT FOOD FOR INPANTS
| months ago, and Beals says that since
i then he has been constantly annoying
I him.
"He has been endeavoring to get some
books and papers from me," said Beals,
"and a few days ago he met me as I was
going into the office and threatened to
bore me full of holes unless I gave up the
books and papers. I believe he will carry
out his threat.
-I have been keeping his wife and fam
ily since he absconded and have done
everything I could to straighten out the
tangled mess in which he left his affairs,
I and I don't propose now to have my life
threatened by him.''
THE TOLAND WILL CASE.
Vmended Opposition to the Probate of
the Will of May B. Tolantl.
A motion to dismiss the contest of Wil
liam Gridlev Toland, of the will of Mary
B. Toland, was made in Judce Slack's
j court yesterday, but went over until July
10. SamueLM. Shortridge, attorney and,
guardian of the contestant, entered an
amended opposition to the probate of the
will, setting forth that the will and testa
ment presented is not tlie last will and
testament of Mary B. Toland and was not
witnessed, as claimed, by George K.
Hooper. It is also alleged that at the time
of the execution of the will in question,
Mary B. Toland was not of sound mind.
A half-interest in the estate is claimed
for James Gridley Toland.
Almshougfl Statistics.
Superintendent Redd y of the Alinshouse filed
his annual report with the Board of Super
visors yesterday, showing that during tha
fiscal year ending June 30, 721 males and 144
females were admitted to the institution.
There were remaining in the house July 1.
1595, 794 inmates, making a grand total of
1659. The number remaining in the home on
the Lxt lust, was ß7o and the daily average
was 847.
NEW TO-DAY.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
* *
{ Special Saving Sale X
* — ♦
mt
* fo *
* (*\y «
* 4T £ *
* -* #7/ J/> *
* \li s 5
* / —^^ >^*^\u *
* C~-\ L/ \/| <*
'? Four splendid bargains in Fine 5;
■? Thin China, handsomely decorated. X
T Pretty Individual Butter Plates, 2*
T regularly 75 cents, at 40 cents per X
T dozen; 75-cent Berry or Salad Bowls J,
T at 4.5 cents; Sugar Bowls and Cream
T Pitchers at 30 and 40 cents per pair; 2j
2 Teapots, Sugars and Creamers at 75
* per set. J
% THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
* THAT BIG CHINA STORE- «
* A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevo's. JJ
« WAN&ENHEIM, STERNHEIM & CO., *
* 528 and 530 Market St., i
$27 and 29 Sutter St., J
♦ BELOW MONTGOMERY. *§'
Leading Grocers
Special Forljis Weeß.
HAMS.
Our Choice Eastern Sngar-Cnred Hams
10V 2 c per pound
OYSTERS.
Blue Point Oysters, best Dacked, full weight,
1-lbcan, 2 (or 25c
IMb can 20c
Regular price 15c and 25c
KIPPERED HERRING.
Finest Selected Kippered Herring, pre-
served by A. & M. Smith, Leith, Scotland,
per can 200
Regular price 25c.
SARDINES.
Imported French Sardines, Jockey Club,
lan: size ". 25a
Btzier's, largest size.... 200
Regular price 25c and 35c.
ROYAL DUTCH CHOCOLATE. .
Direct Importation from Holland. Bens-
derp & Co.'s. Kating, Vanilla, pound 35q
Regular price 50c
DEVILED HAM.
1.1 bby, McNeill <& lobby's Deviled Ham,
small size 6<j
Large size io<j
Regular price 10c and 20c.
Full assortment of Tourist and Picnic Sap*
plies.
BUTTER.
Choice Point Reyes Creamery, Squares
Choice Point Reyes Butter, Rolls 250
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
J SAN FRANCISCO.
COS. lOtk AITD WASHIN3TOH STS. "i OAKLAND
1734-1736 SEVENTH 3TBEST .BRANCHES
$75 ™4 ROOMS
%|# M %J CONSISTING OF
PARLOR.BEDROOM I DINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard 50 Cents *
OilCloth, per yard »5 Cents
1 Matting, per yard 1O Cents
j Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces »25 OO
; Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror ■ .B*s OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogue* Mailed Free.
05" Free Packing and DellTery across the B*J.
TfIESUCCESSOF TOE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL 8001
OF TIIK
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET St
OPEN UJXTIIi MIDNIGHT.
fJMftrtgEMttLlfr FIFTY-DOLLAR
ffl^l ELECTRIC BELTS
1?OR $25: $40 BELT 3
i^jS3^N^S^? r for S ' JO - antl rM 15 elt<
'VtJS^pISSw^RStS for $15: alsogooa belts for
jn7*saEltt^r" * 5 * La l ®** patent and all
'" *^*kjr - improvements. B£g- Call
*fcft> or write for newpampblaS
*^' No. '2. Address D X
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny
1 second, Until and fourth floors, San Francisco.
i *
!*