VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 13.
MACED WAS
MURDERED
Led to Ambush and Death
Through the Treachery
of Dr. Z?rtucha.
MARQUIS AHUMADA THE
ASSASSIN.
With Weyler, He Plotted to Lure
the Gallant General Into
an Ambuscade.
t TACTICS THAT WILL CAUSE THE
WOBLD TO SHUDDER.
The Dashing Cava.rv Leader of the
Cubans and His Staff O.ficers
Slain by Cowards.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Dec. 12.— J. A.
Hana, the agent of the Cuban Junta here,
has received a letter which confirms the
"- report of the death of Antonio Maceo,
-. but also indicates that the Cuban leader
was the victim •of a treacherous plot
formed by his own, physician, Dr. Zer
••-' tucha, and the Marquis Ahumada, who
acts as Captain-General of Havana when
Weyler is absent in the field. The letter,
'".'. which was written by a prominent citizen
■ "•; of Havana, whose name is withheld in
order that be may not fall under the dis
pleasure of the ' Spanish authorities, is as
follows:
. .. • ■ . Havana, Dec. 9, 1896.
. . Dear Friend Jtuto: We are at present
under the sad impression, caused by the
death of our brave general, Antonio
Maceo, murdered, together with the
•„"!. greater part of his staff, by the Spaniards,
" .acting under the assassin, Major Cirujeda,
= and -as instrumental in this 'horrible
"drama Maeeo's surgeon, Dr. Maximo Zer
tucha. '
'• : . "Convinced as Weyler was that he could
do nothing against our gallant general,
„; who bo irpeatedly defeated the Spanish
\ forces. lf^'i^^, Apl > Itu*. iv? < t c6ri_<c«i?eVi' »be
:,': ,' idea of appeasing his beastiy instincts by
..'_ C"ld-'blooaed murder, and making the best
y of the secret relations between Dr.'Zer-
V tucha and the Marquis of Ahumada, con
. cocted the hellish scheme. , -
' .. "Weyler took the field and in hi ab
.... sence Ahumada proposed, through Zer
■' tucha, a conference with Maoeo, to take
place at a certain point in the province of
■ -/Havana, with a view of arranging plans
for the cessation of hostilities on the basis
, of Cuba's independence and a monetary
indemnity to Spain, with, moreover, cer
tain advantages that would be agreed
upon for Spanisn commerce and Spanish
capital here invested. To carry out the
plans orders bad been given to the detach
ments of troops stationed at the trocha in
the section between Mariol and Guana
juaco for Maceo with his staff to pass the
military line unmolested. The combina
tions took time to mature aud to give the
semblance of truth. Ahumada feigned
that before acting he mu*t make known
his plans to Weyler for his previous ap
. proval ; and this explains the sudden ar
rival of Weyler at Havana and hia prompt
retnrn to Pinar del Rio.
"Having arranged the conditions and
plnce of meeting M;tceo crossed the trocha
: over the road to Guayajaco without being
niolpsted by the forts, but once arrived at
the place decided upon he and his party
were greeted by tremendous volleys from
the forces under Major Cirejuda, lying
conveniently in ambush. Most of the offi
cers f«JI with General Maceo. Zertucha is
alive, because he was aware of the scheme,
And remained in the rear. The Spaniards
, know where the bodies are, but are bent
on feigning ignorance to blot ont the
vestiges of the crime.
"Havana and all Spain are rejoicing be
cause in the midst of their stupidity they
hope that the war may end with the deatn
of this gallant leader. Far from this, the
spirit of the Cubans has grown more ar
dent, and to-day the latter are resolved to
ruake every sacrifice before laying down
their arms to the relentless tyrants, and
in this province of Havana, where our
army is less numerous and has less means
of defense, the Cubans are operating with
greater activity than ever, and not a day
passes but that we do not hear in this city
the firing on Guanabajaco. The Spaniards
may treacherously murder, some of our
patriots, but there is no earthly power
that could annihilate the spirit of liberty
floating now «s ever over the Cnban peo
ple."
Speaking of the lettter, Mr. Haua said :
"Maceo is dead, but Cuba will live long.
The death of no one man can crnsh the
brave spirit of the patriots of Cuba who'
are fighting gallantly for liberty. Maceo
wa» not killed fairly or in honest battle,
but through the mnrderons treachery of
his physician, Dr. Zertncha. and the act
ing captain-general of Cuba, the Marquis
„ Ahumada. Thirty-four members of his
Utaff we're murdered with him— every man
I r »f the staff with, the exception of tne
. treacherous Zeriucha.
"The Spaniards say," added Mr. Haua,
"that they do not know where Maceo's
body is. They know full well. They
have buried it to cover their treachery to
a degree, and will exhume it soon to say,
'Ah; here is the body of Maceo.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
"From to-day Cuba will fight harder
than ever before. This will be a sad day
for Spain.
"I do not know who will succeed Ma
ceo," said Mr. Haua, "but I think it wili
be Rios Rivera, a brave and intelligent
soldier."
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 12.— The Constitu
tion's Key West special gives the follow
ing account of Maceo's death, indicating
his betrayal and implicating Dr. Zer
tucha:
"Your correspondent is now enabled to
state upon the most undoubted authority
that the death of Maceo was a premedi
tated assassination and that the failure to
produce his body is because it is mutilated
and would shoe* even Spanish official
sensibilities.
"It seems that General Maceo bad
planned a successful crossing of the trocha
and that, taking the sea route with a
bodyguard, be was to rejoin his fortes east
of Mariel. This was accomplished in
safety and while standing alone within
sight of a line of skirmishers the general
was shot down by men in hiding, who
were await ng their victim. His body
was then hacked up by the assassins.
"It has been well known for a year past
that there was a price set upon Maceo's
head, and that Captain-General Weyler's
first official act upon reaching the island
was to give recognition to the plateodos,
bands of freebooters. These men, follow
ing in the wake of both armies, would
murder and plunder, and when chased
down by the indignant Cubans would find
protection within the Spanish lines, while
the latter would officially deny all knowl
edge of the murderers.
"A few weeks ago a band of these men
attacked a convent in the province of
Puerto Principe, which was filled with
young girls, who were most shamefully
abused. Some of these men were caught
by General Lacet, the insurgent leader,
and executed, while the greater part of
thsni lound protection within Spanish
lines. Although the enormity of their
crime was known and their victims were
convent schoolgirls the criminals were
protected from molestation and are to-day
free.
"These are the men whom General
Weyler has spent hundreds of thousands
of dollars to attach to his cause and
through whom he has ordered the killing
of foreigners whom he dared not call up in
court. He has made offers of reward for
tbe assassination of insurgent leaders.
For three weeks it has been known in
Havana that a clever br.be was out for the
surrender of General Maceo. It was to the
effect that he held the ticket which calied
for the grand prize of 860,000 in tbe Hav
ana lot-tery, and upon Weyler's departure
for the hills several days ago it was
breathed about that tbe man who killed
Maceo couid have the prize. The story of
Maceo's death as told from official sources
sustains fully the theory of assassination.
General Maceo, instead of crossing the
trocha directly witn his men, was through
some covert influence induced to pass
Mariel on boat and to reach bis forces on
tne east side of the death line. There
everything was in readiness by tbe con
spirators, and the brave leader fell a vic
tim to the trap into which he had walked.
It is.considered very singular that Maceo's
physician, Maximo Zeriucha, was allowed
to surrender and is treated with distinc
tion.
"The depression into which the Cubans
were thrown upon the first announcement
of Maceo's death, now that the fact of his
assassination is confirmed, has changed
to that of desperate determination." ■
«
WHERE IS SPANISH CHIVALRY?
Delegate I'nltna Speak* of General
3lacet>'» A*»a**inatioii.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— The
Cuban Junta in this city received the fol
lowing telegram from their Jacksonville
agent, P. A. Huau, this afternoon: .^:'l,
"Receivea letter from Havana confirm
ing death of Maceo and staff by a combi
nation between Marquis Ahumada, second
in command to General Wevler, and Dr.
Zertucha. They were murdered."
Delegate Estrada Palma, after the re
ceipt of tne above, dictated a statement
for the press. It was as follows:
"The news does not surprise me, because
the first reports were so contradictory that
they read like a mystery. I was inclined
to believe that the news was false at first,
but that if General Maceo was dead it was
through the assassin's knife. It seems
now that he has been muvdered.
"General Weyler in addressing the
crowd from the balcony of his house
seemod anxious to shirk credit for the re
sponsibility of Maceo's death when he
said that the victory was clearly due to
Ahumada. Perhaps bis conscience begins
to feel remorse. This very act of the
Spanish general proves the straits of the
Hpanish army. They must resort to
treachery.
"They did not face Maceo. They stabbed
him in the back. Let me ask where is fho
Spanish chivalry of which they boast so
much?"
CONGRESS MAY SOW ACT.
Maceo' » Murder Will Sot Help the Came
of Spain.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 12.— The
news of the alleged assassination of Maceo
under the cover of what was practically
a flag of truce, is accepted as true at the
Cuban legation here, and was received
with a thrill of horror by Congressmen
who learned of it If autnentic informa
tion of Mr. Haua'B story should be re
ceived from Acting Consul - General
Springer in Havana, some immediate
action by Congress may be looked for in
the coming week.
There are facts in Haua's story which,
as the Cubans here believe, fit In with
previous reports and make them intel
ligible. It was regarded as incompre
hensible that a rough-and-tumble fighter
like Maceo should be killed in silk under
wear and with his jewelry on his person,
but if he was riding out for a parley
nothing would be more natural to a Cuban
than to attire himself in his most gorgeous
array.
Resolutions of inquiry on the snbj ci
will probably be introduced in one or both
Houses of Congress Monday next.
PROSTI ACETUN DEMANDEO
The United Statet Should iSnd the Span
i»ft Atrticitle:
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— The dis
patches teliing of the assassination of
General Antonio Maceo by the Spanish sol
diem have arouseu indignation among the
friends of Cuba in this city. General
Daniel E. Sickles did not hesitate in de
claring the affair an outrage.
"If the story of the murder of General
Maceo is true," said he, "it warrants
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 13, 1896— THIRTY PAGES.
Kearny Street, Looking South, in the Blaze of the New Electric Arc-Lights.
prompt action on the part of the United
States to put an end to this barbarous
kind of warfare. It is in Hue with other
acts of the Spanish and, I think, calls for
immediate action."
Chauncey M. Depew said: "If the re
port be tm« no language can characterize
it It is simply a cowardly assassination.
It is hard to believe that so brave a man
as Maceo should meet with such
a wretched fate. The confirmation of it
will stir the people of this country as
nothing else has done since the Cuban re-
bellion began."
PRAISES HIS "BRAVERY."
The Queen Regent to Shower Honors on
. . Clru.fetta, the A.a*a*Bin.
v MADRID, Spain, Dec. 12.— The killing
of Maceo is likely to result in promotion
and other honors for Major Cirujeda, : who
commanded the Spanish force in the "en
gagement" in which the rebel leader lost
hi 3 life. Queen Regent Christina to-day
received Major Cirujeda's wife and eldest
son. - , ; '■
' The Queen Regent spoke warmly in
praise of Major Cirujeda's; bravery in at
tacking a largely superior force of rebels,
the official dispatches showing that the
Spaniards were outnumbered four to one.
She promised as a token of her apprecia
tion of Major Cirujeda's action to under
take the expenses of the education of his
son. '
VE TERAN ARE HOUSED.
They Are Heady to March to Cuba and
.tight the Traitort.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 12.— When the
news of the reported assassination of
Maceo, the Cuban leader, was bulletined
at the office of the United Associated
Presses in Pittsburg this evening they
were read by thousands, and Hnain was
denounced in the most vigorous language.
Sympathy with the Cubans and their
cause was aroused to an astonishing de
gree. A reporter of the Leader visited G.
A, R. Post No. 162 in Allegheny to inter
view some of the representative veterans
on the Cuban question.
The post was just adjourning when
Commander Brown beard from the re
porter ttie news of Maceo's assassination.
He raised his gavel and called the post to
order again. The reporter was required
to repeat his story.
As they heard the reading of the report
of the attack upon Maceo while under the
protection of the flag of truce, every one
of the fifty grizzled veterans piesent
pressed eagerly forward. The reading fin
ished, there was a moment's silence.
Then Comrade R. C- Miller said firmly
andslowlv: ''If ih is be true, lam ready
to go to Cuba to-morrow."
"Here, too," said others.
"The cowards," hissed many.
A general and earnest talk followed, in
which the most intense interest was evi
denced. "If this be true we will all go to
the aid of the Cubans," shouted a speaker.
The answering chorus was, "That's what
we will."
The general sentiment prevailing was
that the United States should extend im
mediately a powerful arm to the speedr
assistance of the struggling band of pa
triots in Cuba.
WEELEN IS SATISFIED
Brutal Butchery and Attataination
I'leane the Captain- General.
HAVANA, Cuba, De. 12.— A reporter
had an interview this evening with Gen
eral Weyler, who returned to Havana last
night from the province of Pinar del Rio.
When asked concerning his opinion of
tha campaign in general he said that he
was very well satisfied with the course of
events and expressed the hope that in a
short time there would be a change that
would modify some of the aspects of the
situation.
He was asked concerning the result of
his operations in Pinar del Rio, and re
plied that he was pleased with the out
come, since the rebels in that province are
now broken up into small bands and are
rapidly losing | ground in the/ hills, the
Spanish forces dislodging them from their
hiding places. .■ ' !;•.'.'•■■■' , v * Til * n; ''.!/•*"■
'■{ Regarding the affects tha* would be pro
duced in the rebel ran ant .rnonp rebel
vro* i t hise rs]by^ th« de*& ..- Maceo, $3*
captain-general said it would be demoral
izing, since Maceo's prestige among them
was very great. ' ; • 1" " '\ i 'i i:; . r:^'; 1 :/ ?. ' '
He was tilled with the fighting spirit,
was - a dashing ; commander and was al
ways ready to give battle to the Spaniards
when the time and opportunity '■ suited
him. The prestige of a leader was an im
portant factor for the insurgents. '.' '
: " "When one disappeared the others 'war*
demoralized and disorganization followed
again that would be taken advantage of
by the i Spanish, j General Weyler cited
examples of the effect produced : in the
ranks of the rebels by the death of some
of their leaders. '.
Speaking of Rios Rivera, who it is
supposed will succeed Maceo in command
of the rebels in Pinar del Rio, General
Weyler remarked that he was now at the
head of the insurgent parties in that
province.
rie added that Rivera had no history as
a leader of men, nor did he have tne ca
pacity to lead his forces. He had reason
to believe that Rivera would not resist the
Spanish troops very long, and thought it
would take about twenty days more to
terminate the' insurrection in Pinar del
Rio.
THOMAS' TOUR IN CUBA.
Says Spain Will Have to Kill All the
Insurgent a to End the War.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec 12.— Charles N.
Thomas returned to Chicago from a
month's visit in Cuba, where he went to
get material for a lecture. He suid he was
watched day and night by a Spanish de
tective and traveled as a land agent. He
obtained written authority in Havana,
which, in addition to his American pass
port, enabled him to cross the trocha and
make his observations, but that 20,000
soldiers whom he passed would have asked
nothing better than to kill him with a
knife. He asserted that if the Cubans can
hold out the year they will never have to
win a pitched battle, yellow fever and
small-pox doing more deadly work than
the army of the, insurgents could do with
bullets. He estimated Spain's daily ex
pense of conducting the war at $300,000.
He added: >
"It is liberty or death with the Cubans.
Spain will have to crush out the lit* of
every insurgent before she can end the
war. No compromise will be accepted
now. Only one-sixth of the island is
under cultivation. The Cubans, if free,
would ask for annexation to the United
States, and then the garden spot of the
world would be thrown open to American
colonists. Cuba could support 10,000,000
people, and under American enterprise
would become ihe greatest wealth-pro
ducing spot in the world. Henceforth
my voice will be uplifted in the interest of
the patriots."
Guardsmen to Aid Cuban*.
. TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. 12.— A company is
.being organized here of members of the
Ohio National Guard for service* in Cuba.
It is said that already fifty men have been
enrolled.
_\>r.irfi« ar>d Statehood.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 12.— The prop
osition, seriously set forth by a Chicago
newspaper, to suspend the representation
of the State of Nevada in Congress be
cause of its incompetency in point of popu
lation; just as the rights of the Southern
States were suspended during (he war, is
reluctantly disapproved by the Boston
Herald, to which the equity of the action
ia more apparent than its legal possioility.
A better method to settle the Nevada
trouble, according to the Herald, would be
to agree to the onion of Nevada with
Utah.
IN QUEST OF
SLAYER DUNHAM
Officers Gather at San Diego
to Seek for the
Murderer.
Belief That They Have Located
H.m Below the Mexican
Boundary.
Plans Carefully Laid to Eff ct His
Capture end Hasten
Back.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 12.— Detective
George E. Gard arrived here this after
noon on a mysterious errand. Deputy
United States Marshal Covarrubias has
been here for a day or two, and the pres
ence of those officers aroused the curiosity
of the local officials. Through one* of
them, who enjoys the confidence of the
up-country officers, it was learned that
Sheriff Lyndon oi Santa Clara County
was expected to arrive here to-morrow,
and that a hunt was to be made for Mur
derer Dunham, the author of the horrible
tragedies at Campbell on May 26 last, when
the McGlincy family were stricken down.
Though trie visiting sleutb.3 have kept
very silent regarding their quest, and de
clared when its obj-ct became known
that they believed Dunham to be
hiding in the country north of here, it is
known almost to a certainty that they in
tend to cross the Mexican line. Evidently
they believe they have the Campbell fugi
tive located beiow the border, and are
planning to surprise and capture him
and then hasten back with him to Ameri
can soil. So secret have they kept their
movements that it is doubtful whether
they have cone through the formality of
obtaining permission to * pursue the
search in Mexico, fearing that such a
course might result in a warning reaching
Dunham.
Ex-Marshal Qard was asked as to his
intentions to-night. He displayed con
siderable annoyance and asked at once for
the name of the officer who had given the
thing away. This was not divulged.
"Well," said tne detective, "I don't see
how they eot onto it. 1 heard from Mr.
Lyndon, the Sheriff at San Jose, about
Tuesday, in response to a tip I had sent
him. I had received word from a friend
that Dunham was supposed to be some
where between San Jo^e and Los Angeles.
So far as I know Mr. Lyndon is not coming
down here."
"Which way was Dunham heading?" .
"He was about half way between San
Jose and Los Angeles.' 1
"Do you deny that you are here after
Dunham?"
"Oli, you can't ask me to tell you what I
am here for. I really can't do that, you
know. I came down here last July and
visited Dunham's bee ranch at Dulzura.
It was thought that, knowing this
country, he might head this way, but I
didn't find any signs of him. The business
I am on now is a quien sabe case— there
might be something in it and there mighc
not. If there is anything in it at all it is
a big thing— l will say that much. Now
don't ask me any more."
Local officials take this statement with
a grain of allowance. When Sheriff Lyn
don arrives to-morrow, the party 'will
tney declare, strike southward instead of
to the north, and not stop until they are
well across the border, possibly on the
Lower California peninsula. Having
caught their man — if they do take him —
they are quite likely to waive the formal
ity of an extradition. There is a possibil
ity that they are acting in conjunction
with the Mexican authorities.
That the officers believe that they have
a "straight tip," as to the muiderer's
whereabouts is shown by their actions
and the many telegrams received and sent.
Dunham is well acquainted with the
mountains of this county, and has a good
general knowledge of . Lower California.
He could have hidden there all the time
since his escape without being seen.
. .. " " : ■ . -*'- — "*■»"' " .
MEXICO THEIR DESTINATION
Sheriff Gard and Party Will Probably
Crons the Boundary.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Dec. 12.— When
ex-Marshal Gard left this city and stole to
San Diego, where he is at preseut in com
pany with northern officers who had as
sembled at the seaside rendezvous just as
quietly, he possessed information regard
ing the whereabouts of James Dunham,
the sextuple murlerer of Santa Clara
County, or Dunham's double. Evidently
the detective has laid his plans well for
the capture of mis man, and within forty
eizht hours the success or failure of his
mission will be known. Those having
personal,and friendly relations with Major
Gard have known for some time that he
and Sheriff Lyndon of San Jose have htd
a great deal of correspondence respecting
the fugitive.
Gard's known sagacity and cleverness,
as shown in the plan which resulted in th c
capture of Evans and Soatag in Fresno
County two years ago, and later his ex
ceeding brilliant coup in arresting Evans
and Morrell in the former's own house in
Visalia, has given him a standing with tne
constabulary of California which is en
joyed by few detectives. Sheriff Lyndon
has never made a move in this part of the
State without first consulting Detective
Gard.
It is known that Sheriff Lyndon has
never relaxed his vigilance nor eiven up
all hope of being able some day to land
Dunham in the County Jail at San Jose.
The supposition nere is that some one
believed to be Dunham has been located
below the Mexican line. Evidently the
news is of a reliable character, as the ac
tive but secret operations would indicate.
It has been believed for months that Dun
ham has been all this time in Mexico.
Gard is perfectly familiar with the whole
country down there, while he speaks and
understands the Spanish language and its
shades of Indian dialect.
As has often happened with crirniaals,
Dunham, if in Mexico heretofore, may
have tired of life among the peons and
taken the chances of returning, to Cali
fornia. If so, Gard. who has an able co
worker in San Diego, would most likely
know it first.
To Drain Laguna de, tiunta Rota.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Dec. 12.— A meet
ing of prominent residents of the Laguna
district was held here to-day to discuss
ways and means of draining the stream
known as the Laguna de Santa Rosa.
Owinii' to its sluggish flow, the Laguna
has become obstructed by large bank* of
sand and eravel, causing it to overflow
each year arid ruin thousands of acres of
fine land along its banks. I. McClelland
presided, and a committee composed of
the chairman, J. Peferson, Andrew Frei,
C. E. Simons and John Bailiff was ap
pointed to consider ■ plan and report on
Saturday, December 19.
•
Will Meet in Lot Anaele*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 12.— The
commission which is to decide on the lo
cation of n. deep sea harbor at Santa
Monica or San Pedro, is to meet in this
city on Wednesday, • the 16. h. The
Chamber of Commerce tendered tne use
of its rooms to the commission, and a
reply was received omitting to state
whet .er the offer was accepted. The
members have engaged quarters at the
Westminster Hotel.
PRICE VFJLVE CENTS.
AS BRIGHT
AS NOONDAY
Kearny Street in the Ranks
of Go-Ahead Thor
oughfares.
ABLAZE WITH
ELECTRICITY.
People Turned Out by Thousands
to Revel in the Brilliant
White Glow.
READY FOB THE
TWENTIETH CENTURY.
Merchants on Fillmore, Taylor and
Gaary Streets Will Fall in Line
and Strive to Excel.
Kearny street from Market to California
blazed under brilliant, white electric lights
last night.
Three arc lamps to each block were hung
I over the middle of the street and these in
connection with the liberal display of elec
tric lights in the shop windows flooded
the air with the nearest approach to sun
shine that the art of man bas been able to
produce.
The bringing into full view of the fronts
of the principal buildings on tbe street
with their graceful outlines and ornately
carved cornices standing embossed in
glowing color against the black Back
ground of tbe sky was the most remarka
ble feature of the new illumination. It
was a pleasing revelation to all who saw it.
In fact, the general effect was so satisfac
tory that it will be next to impossible to
discontinue the extra lights.
Another noticeable effect of tbe new il
lumination will be that all tbe other busi
ness streets will look so gloomy and dingy
in comparison that the merchants will
clamor for new lights, and the entire busi
ness part of tbe city will put on an up-to
date metropolitan appearaace. When
that time comes San Francisco will be up
in the front rank with New York, Chicago,
and St. Louis, at least so far as appear
ances go.
The new lights were displayed also on
Post, from Kearny to Grant avenue; on
Suttsr, from Montgomery to Grant ave
nue, and on Bush, from Kearny to Grant
avenue.
This is only a starter for Kearny street,
for on next Saturday evening tor lights
will be extended to Montgomery avenue,
up the avenue to Stockton street and to
Pacific street also. Two bands of music
will voice the joy of the people and a gala
time will be had.
Business men on Stockton street from
Pacific to Green, on Fillmore from Butter
to Clay, on Taylor from Eddy to Golden
Gate avenue and on Geary from Grant
avenue to Kearny have fallen into line and
will also illuminate.
The folio wine are names of property
owners who have contributed for lights on
Kearny street:
9. Raphael's, clothing.
335, Chris Giundel. meerschaum pipes.
812, A. Anderson, saloon.
820, Browning & Bremer, gunsmitftg.
808, Bob Martin, liquors.
834, Charles Maier. boots and shoes.
8 14, John G. Us & Co., ranges.
832, H. Suiliff, cigars.
806, loan office.
C. Bonin, R.chelieu cigar-store.
211, J. M. Rademaker, saloon.
KKW TO-OAT.
With Eczema
I was a sufferer for eight years from Eczema, bat
now am entirely cured. The palms of my bands
were covered and badly inflamed ; little white
blisters appeared, then would peel oS, leaving
a red, smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itch. On the inside of the upper part of
my limbs, great red blotches would appear, and
as soon as I became warm, the burning and itch-
ing would begin. Night after night I would lie
awake and scratch, and almost go wild. I got a
box of Cuticura, and a bottle of Cuticura Rk-
holvent, and after a few applications I noticed
the redness and inflammation disappear; before I
had uned one box there was not a tign of Eczema
left. I can truthfully assert that $2.00 worth of
Cuticuba Remedies oured me.
JOHN D. PORTE, Pittaburg, Pa.
BmDT Cc»» TruTmikt. — W»rm buthi with Cw-
Ticuka Soap, gentle applications of Ccticuba (oint-
ment), and mild dotet of Cuticuba Result ixT.grtaUit
of humor curet.
Sold thronehoTit the world. Price, Cdticpba, Me.i
Boap. Ha.| Resolvent. Stic, and •!. Potter Dbho
asd Chih. Cikp.. Sole Propi., Boston.
*l~ " How to Permanently Cure Eczema," mailed free.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yotf
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best styla.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
C^ r for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free •
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
california.2
25, J. W. Carmany, shirtstore.
8, Dr. Louis Bush, dentist.
1513, Samuel Wehrli, saloon.
603, Fass Bros., merchant tailors. -
507, C. Houet& Co., trusses. ,-^, -^
521, H. Hart, restaurant.
519, J. Meyers, tailor.
517, Louis Meyer, shirts.
427, L. A. Beneling, optician.
505, W. E. Lane, piumbing.
501, John Ferguson. ABC saloon.
Southwest corner of California, V. B. Kirk,
druggist.
4'J9, S. C. Blake, stationer,
535, *'rank Brothers, clothiers.
411, B. Strauss, birdstore.
401, Louis Markus, lurnishing goods.
519, \>. E. Hess, optician.
333, Hirsch, Knhn & Co., opticians.
' 329, F. Schoettler, tailor.
343, H. G. Gerdes, chemist. : . i
321, William Hatteroih, electrical instru
ments. - iJ '- 1 V.
315, Robert Zenker, pipe and amber store.
317, li. L. Davis, optician.
343, F. Pelicano &Co florist.
315, Charles' Fleisch man, barber.
307, A. Giry, youths' clothing.
Northwest corner. Bush, W. H. Driscoll,
saloon. ■» ,■
233, A. C. Hahn, furnishing goods. J
231, Charles Mitchell, M and M saloon.
225, Piersonßrotners, stationers.
217, Kordman Brothers, opticians.
213, F. W. Barkhaus, stationery.
Northwest corner Sacramento, 8. Dabovich,
saloon.
327, Cnmmings &. Sons, jewelers.
603, M. Anderson, cigar store.
605, K. A. Lundstrom, hatter.
613, August Booue, Saloon.
833, C. Giaaettoni & Co., liquor store,
Southeast corner Clay, Peters Brothers,
saloon.
903. S. Danlelson, saloon. , ;
815. J. H. Dow, shooting gallery. . . . ,
801, Henry Weilman, saloon. . ■
901, Peterson & Christensen, saloon. 
Northeast corner Broadway, J. H. A. Fast,
grocery.
921, Erola & Etchart, saloon. .
923, Schmidt & Faktor, beer hall.
927, L. Hirsch & Co., furnishing goods.
931, E. L. Wagner, saloon. . =:.,. ■..
933, Edward Rolkin, the Prescott House.
Corner Montgomery avenue and Kearny, Ed
ward Holland, Commercial Hotel. *
138 Montgomery avenue, Lyons & Robbins,
saloon.
913, Mayers & Smith, saloon.
909, Ed Rolkin. Aael|>hia House.
905, Merritt & Coyle, Rosebud saloon.
907, HuiD'i restaurant.
827, G. E. Pona, clothing.
529, Sbreve & Barber, fishing-tackle.
627, F. Frank, sample-room.
-617, Ten Importing Company.
623, P. Peterson, coffee-parlor.
633, sol Fisher, clothing.
641, Fred Jat.izen, glassware.
643, David Bros., cigars.
809, E. yon Huwaldt, saloon,
813, Fred Levers, saloon.
821, Bi&azza & Manzlone, restaurant.
817, Karl Kuchenbrod & Co., saloon.
432, Boss & Mueller, tousorlal parlor.
431, M. Schoen, cigar-store.
419, J. T. Powers, restaurant.
407, N. Cohen, loan office.
341, R. Finking, merchant tailor.
337, A. C. Robinson, bird cages.
321, William Hatteroth, surgical instru
ments.
335, J. Llppman, jeweler.
303, Glindemann & Schweitzer, jewelers.
239, Mlchalitschke Bros. & Co., cigars.
227, S. H. Collins, jeweler.
221, M. Reubold, boots and shoes.
211, J. Macownky, jeweler.
205, R. Beck, Vienna bakery.
201, H. A. Gunst & Co., cigars.
125, Newman & Levinson, i&ncy goods.
Corner butter and Kearuy, Sherman, Clay &
Co., pianos.
123. Cook & Co., crockery.
133, M. J. ttahlein, millinery.
113, Jacobs & Co., ladies' underwear.
107, Rosenthal Bros. & Co., shoes.
101, Raphael Weill & Co., dry goods.
29. Kooi Bros., clothing.
21, William Schreiber, saloon.
Northwest corner Geary, M. Blaskower &
Co., cigars.
5, Hagf man & Haquette, Crystal Palace.
The Richelieu Sa.oon.
7, Barrett & Sherwood, jewelers.
21, J. H. Jacoby, cigars.
5, Gross & Deutch, cigars.
827, G. E. Porta, clotuier.
Corner Merchant, Seeba & Bohlen, saloon.
412, C. H. Saft, cig»rs.
613, Ziesch's tobacco-itore.
627, Louis John, oyste saloon.
304, Captain John F. BoHz. saloon.
412, M. F. Don. ea.vy, Palo Alto saloon.
716, Tocisser&Saiorius, cigars.
Southeast corner Clay, Calvert's pharmacy.
Northeast corner Clay, P. McDonough, sa
loon. ,
626. Ed Harris, clothing.
• 622, Van Ness Bazar, stationery.
616, L. V. Merle, I X L store.
610, Gilbert's shoet>iore.
602, J. Macowsky, loan office.
702, A. is tern, loan office.
714, C W. Brandle, restaurant.
706, C. S. Fechheimer, furnishing goods.
542, Lucius Little, pharmacy.
528, G. JeweiL furnishing goods.
534, Ja.«e Abrams, boots and shoes.
' 518, Joseph Frauenkron, restaurant,
516, Charles L. Seemau, saloon.
510. Baron Jacobs, boots and shoes.
328, C. Herrmann & Co., hatters.
324, Richard i'ahl, booth and shoes.
320, Quong Wing Tai & Co., Japanese goods.
316, O. Kai & Co., Japanese goods,
308, A. Schwartz, clothing.
306, B. Scnapiro, optician.
721, M. J. Hart, furnishing goods.
Southeast corner Bush and Kearny, A. J.
Martin, saloon. >-'•
240, Mrs. H. Labhard, florist.
238, M. E. Frank, meu's furnisher.
232, Wolf & Frank, haberdashers.
228, Schroth & Westerfield, bakery.
226, ( ohl Bros., hatters.
222, Valentine Tailoring Company, .
218, 1. Selig, furnishing goods.
214, George Dahlbender & Co., druggists.
210, Wally H. Levy, Mirror saloon.
Corner Sutler and iCeamy, The Hub clothing-
Btore.
210, Gus Abrams, cigars.
132, Doaue A Henshelwood, dry goods.
130, Charles Colxnan, natter.
128, Nat Raphael & Co., jewelers.
124, M. Windmil.er, furrier.
502 r J. Constantino, confectionery.
. Southeast corner California, £. D. Schroeder,
saloon.
500. P. E. Erickson, cigars.
416, F. Siebrecht, bakery.
414, J. Lancaster &. Co., tailors.
Northeast corner California, B. F. Jellison,
saloon. -■■■■■•
410, Lunch-house.
432,Zyskind& Friedlander, shoes.
431, J. Hand, tailor.
404, H. Lando, clothing.
344. Flynu & Bahrmau. saloon.
400, M. Hart, furnisher.
840, J. H. Seeba, saloon.
336, M. Shibata, Japanese goods.
< 406, I. N. Eisenberg, boots and shoes.
330, Benjamin Cohen, clothing.
122, Koeuig'B, boots and shoes.
110, Lacnman & Co., furriers. -
Corner Post and Kearuy, "Diamond House."
32, F. Maskey, candy.
8. W. Meussdorffer, hatter. 1
112, B. Mayer, clothing.
84, Ben Lowensteiu, clothing.
104, J. Samueis, dry goods.
28, Sommer & Kaufman, hoes.
26, Mlcbels & Wand, trimmings.
24, Mme. Alma E. Keith, millinery.
20, Gruenhagen's. candies.
18, M. Spiro, watch depot.
12, Abe Harshe li, tailor.
10, C. E. Adcock, millinery. \
International Hotel.
New Western Hotel.
Following are the property-owners that
Dave contributed for the lights along their
respective streets:
Fillmore street, from Butter to Clay—John
C.Nobman, Gano W. Coleman, Wagner Bros.,
Bchoenholz Bros., Btulz Bros., John Hughes,
M. H. Girardini, C. Kailman &Sons, A Block,
i I. Roox, S. E. Ellis, H. Harris, Kesln Co., 8. B.
Huffman, H. Samuels, R. PaOlinelli, G. Benk
. Mann, li. P. Woodward, J, Robinson, L. Godon,
Mrs. C. A. Cook, Mrs. C. Currie, W. J. Byrne
- Gltnder Bros. , Al Rhodes, P. J. Mehegan, M. F.
Welch, A. J. Wilson, C. F. Fuller, F. J. Miller,
T. F. Brady, Megica & Co.. li. Van Every, Wil
liam Third & Son, S. P. Hicks, Lunt Bros , Ph.
Cross, A. Eitibfeld, W. E. Hinz, Mrs. D.E.Scott,
O. Mader, John Cabos»el, John Cronin, Great
American Tea Co., F. 1. jCnowles, A. Levy, A.
V. Henko, C. Nobman, D. Glickman, C. Grae
ber, J. J. Calish, C. Andreas, K. M. Forbes, Dr.
Charles Cross, C. F. Shaw, B. Donnelly. B. M.
Warren, Mrs. Lackm&n, Mrs. C. Murphy, E. D.
Fiel, Dr. Charles Bell, L. Hansen, Etnil Schu
nel| J. A. Preston, Mrs. Constant, R. O. Scnroe
der, Bates, Dock & Crosini, cerveau Bros., J.
Packscher, D. M. Gove, Arthur Hewson, M.
Mirjamato, P. A. Parri, J. A. Walsh, Joseph
Mccusiter, A. P. Woodward, White & Barnes.
Stockton street, Pacific to Green— E. E.
Geisel, A. Wehrli, V. Sensi, A. Lewis, Henry
, Semenl, J. fctearn, L. A. Mazani, Strauss &
Strauss, L. Talcott, ,M. Klaas, J. J. Neill, ;S.
Lazarus, D. Choat, Henry B. Rohae. R. Auber,
William Eidenmuller, Dr. H. Sartori, a Gran
nuchi, J. Schroder, B. Bordman, J. W essell, S.
W. Conn & Bro., H. Cobman, George Wood,
Remer & Relis, Bear & Buckley. Eastern Clock
Company, James Kiur.rman, M. Barsoehini,
O. Creta, L. A. Rea, B. Kraufrill, J. Lewko
witz, P. Peters, Lowei. stein Bros., F. Kaufman,
B. Bulottl, Gilbert Bros., L. Guri, Dr. W. H.
Armstrong, L. Baer, Henry Stelling, M. Nathan,
Cohn & Schetter, J. Chanter, T. Priester, Mien
A Lynch, Artistic Miuin«ry Company, A. Tae
elco, Charles Perochero, A. T. Knipper, Chris
Heinz, D.Donovan, Irvine Bros., W.Scnroeder,
Wagner Bros., C. Laniason, R. Giovanni, A.
Zabatrano, P. Borovitch, H. Gehlich, L. Hirsch
M. Sherwood and A. Cahen. .
Taylor street, from Eddy to Golden Gate aye
. nue— Rosenbaum Bros.,' John Marshall, M.
Griffin, J. Levin & Co., Romlg & Van Oteren
dorp, J. Hu«ter, C. H. Long, William Hoel
scher & Co., George A. Gaggett, William Rosen
thai, J. L. Huget, J. Lnmarque, The' Hamburger
Company, J. Stern, H. Ban, T. Luhtig, Ascb
mann & Miller, D. W. Frazer, Lukrovicli &
Domonovicn, J. Mahoney, Schloh & Kortjohn,
G. W. Wright, Royal Eagle Distilleries Com
pany, H. Urban, Thomas Scott. J. Zien, O.
Elysuss, Joseph Hoffmann, A. Zuruemeiz, B.
Kessier, A. Hallahan, H. E. Steii er, C. Jacobs,
estate J. McDonouph, Englander Bros.. A. w.
Wilson, J. ii. bchmidt, Bauk saloon, M.
Gerhen.
Geary street, from Grant avenue, to Kearny—
Davis Bros., W. W. Young, Charles Newrrun,
A. Alecarmey, George Whitteli, F. W. Hinck
ley, Urane vost & Doemesnity, Mrs. M. H. Ooer,
Charles Wiguet, Joseph .Rosenberg. H. Jacoby
& Co.
MORE LIGHTS.
Fourth and Ninth Streets Join in
the General March of
Progress.
Fourth street, from Market to Folsom,
is not going to be left behind in the gene
ral progress of improvements. This street,
with its spirited storekeepers, is about
to keep pace with the progressive move to
bring the business streets into noticeable
prominence by illuminating the streets
with arc lights.
In addition to this, the old '49 cobble
stone pavement must be removed and a
modern coat of concrete and bitumen take
its place.
These improvements the club members
intend to have just as soon as the neces
sary municipal appropriations can be
made to pave the street. The expense of
lighting the street by electricity will be
b^rne by the storekeepers.
At an informal meeting oi the merchants
hßafcfewdays apo the following-named
businessmen were rlecied officers of :he
Fourth-street Clnb: President. Jonn T.
Sullivan, ex-Supervisor; vie -ure Went, G.
Gail; secretary, W. F. King; executive
committee— Messrs. King, btrauss, Cluff,
Sh?a and Laud.
The arrangements with the electric light
company have.Deen assumed by the Me -
chants' Association, and if nothing un
foreseen occurs the current will be turned
on to the street lamps by next Saturday
evening.
Ninth street is also f\i line to bring that
street into touch with the other outside
business streets.
To accomplish this object John Hayden,
the butcher, who was the pioneer intro
ducer of electric light* on that street, is
beinn ably assisted by Messrs. Owens,
O'Connor Bros, and others, who have been
the promotors of thb improvement move
ment on the blocks between Market and
Howard streets.
In all probability final arrangements
wiiJ be made by which the street will be
illuminated by next Saturday evenin.».
GREEB WRITES COMEDY,
A Play for Miss Kidder With
Plenty of 'eric- Comic
Hypnotism.
"A Fix»d Lea" Soon to Bs Produced
by the Well-Known Actress-
Private Read n? Last N ght.
William Greer Harrison has written an
other t>lay — this time a comedy. It was
all prearranged with Miss Kidder when
she was 'here gaining fame and good
opinions in "Sans Gene." Miss Kidder
said she wanted a play and Mr. Harrison
consented to evolve one for her. He had
something of it in mind at the time and
talked it over with her, and Miss Kidder
said it was just the thine.
She went away and Mr. Harrison went
to work. A few days ago he received a
telegram of anxious inquiry as to the
status of the performance and the answer
was returned that a copy hud been mailed
to her that very day. So it is all com
pleted and iast evening to a Jittle party of
friends assembled at the author's home
the play was given it first reading.
George Adam, who has been assisting
Mr. Harrison in some details, especially
in arranging and interpolating the stage
"business," was the reader.
"A Fixed idea" is the title ana hyp
notism is made use of in evolving the
rather novel and somewhat daring theme.
Tbe heroine is a delicate, highstrun.-.
brilliant young woman of varying moods!
disposed to speak out just what occurs to
her. Her name is Mac-el and she is called
Queen Mab — which U something of an in
dex to her character.
The villain is Felix Ferris, a stock
broker, who has powers as a hypnotist.
When Mabel's husband diea, considerably
before the play opens, Felix, who was the
customary lriend of the family, immedi
ately began to make love to Mabel, who
refused Biro. Ha placed her under a hyn*
notic spell and tried to ruin her. He
failed in this, but hoping to break down
her moral safeguards undertook to create
the impression in her mind while under
a spell that she had been guilty with him.
In this he was successful and this is the
"fixed idea" which gives the motif to the
play.
The opening scene is laid at Lake Tahoe
and there Mailes' hand is sougnt by
Major Tobin Standish of the United States
army — a gentleman after Mabel's heart in
all senses of the term. She is |sar
rounded by friends and relative;* and there
is much; pretty byplay, Mabel being any
thing but a melancholiac.
She refuses to allow man or woman to
kiss her, however, because of the sense
that her lips woulrt be denied. Ferris
seeks ncr out here and again places her
under the spell, and as he covers her face
with kisses is discovered by her lover and
others, who come to the rescue with tne
cry of "coward." This is tbe first curtain.
The second act is still at Lake Tahoe,
and is a rather strong scene between
Mabel and her lover, which opens by the
young woman gayly offering to show the
army officer the edge of her "lingerie,"
proceeds by more than half confessing,
very seriously, to her unholy relationship
with Ferris, and when he, in hi* horror,
has left her alone, concludes with her
making an effective fall, with curtain.
In the third act Ferris undertakes to
impoverish bis rival, Major Staudisb, by
plunging his money, which, as stock
broker, has been entrusted to him, but
Mabel, who has heard of it, circumvents
him by employing another broker. The
announcement by her that Jack is a mil
lionaire and Ferris himself is a pauper
forms the third curtain.
In the fourth the villain comes borrow
ing a few hundred to set him up again and
consents, in consideration thereof, to be
hypnotized by Dr. Lake, who has been
afford ing.more or less amusement through
ti>e preceding acts by practicing hypnot
ism and other things. Under the spell and
in tbe presence of Mabel he tells all about
it— how she has been suffering from a fixed
idea tbat was nothing more than a hyp
notic suggestion.
And so all ends happily— or, which, is
an alternative to be left to Miss Kidder
herself— Mabel, having been purged of
her imaginary sin, accepts the kisses that
she has ho ionp refused, and in excess of
ioy her weak heart leaps out of bounds
aria breaks the vessel. She dies in her
lover's arms.
Tuis is the ending which Mr. Harrison
thinks ihe mo-e artistic and which he be
liever Miss Kidder will adopt.
A vote taken at tbe table after tbe read
ing last night among tbe lit le party who
bad heard it found the judgment equally
divided.
"A Fixed Idea" is a comedy— for this
serious story is enlivened by Charles
Josselyn, a manufacturer of brain invig
orators; Tom Harcourt, a young lawyer;
Florence Wiilmott, Ethel Williarrt, Mrs.
Willoughby, Sam Lake and Mabel's
little girl — all of whom are engaged in
making merry.
The characters are all drawn from life,
Mr. Harrison says, all well-known San
Franciscans.
Celluloid albums and toilet sets, wave crest
ware and decorated vases at Sacborn & vails.*v ail's.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
OVERCOME BY THE
ILLUMINATING GAS
Samuel Porter Putnam and
Miss May L. Collins
Found Dead.
Do Net Believe Their
Deaths Was Due to an
Accident.
Mr Putnam Was President of the
American Secular Union and Oace
Pub islied i Journal Here.
BOSTON, Mass., Pec. 12.— Samuel P.
Putnan and Miss May L. Collins were
found dead tliis morning in a flat which
bad been occupied fora wees past by Miss
Collins. The deaths were aue to asphyx
iation and the police think were caused
by accident. Both were found lying on
the floor of the room and were fully
dressed. From one of the gas-burners the
gas was escaping in full force. Mr. Put
nam, who was 56 years of age, and Miss
Collins, 20 years old, were free-thinkers
and had been traveling together on a lec
turing tour.
Mr. Putnam Broke in Paine Hall last
Sunday night. It was the intention of the
two to leave to-day for New York, where
a banquet is to be tendered to prominent
free-thinker 3 to-morrow evening. Mr.
Putnam came from Chichester, N. H., and
Miss Collins from Midway, Ky. f where her
parents reside.
It appears that about 8 o'clock last night
Mr. Putnam and Miss Collins entered the
Jntter's room, preparatory to starting for
Stoneham. Shortly aiterward the escap
ing gas was detected by tbe janitor, but
he could not find any leak. This morning
the smell of gas was much stronger and
was finally traced to Miss Collins* room.
The door was locked, but was opened
after the key had been pushed out and
another inserted in its place. Both per
sons were dead. On a table in the room
was a bottle of whisky partly filled. Mr.
Putnam had only appeared at tbe bouse,
it is said, as Miss Collins' visitor.
It is probable that Miss Collins' body
will be cared for by local freethinkers.
Mr. Pntnam had traveled extensively
throughout the country and bad quite
recently lectured in Chicago and that vi
cinity. He bad written a number of books
on free thought.
In the room adjoining that in which tbe
bodies were found was the book entitled,
"Four Hundred Years of Free Thought,"
written by Mr. Putnam, and containing
his autobiography. According to this be
entered Dartmouth College in 1858. Three
years later he went to the war as a private,
was promoted to captain in 1863 and
served in the Department of the Gulf un
til the end of the war.
He was graduated from the Theological
Seminary in Chicago in 1868, and preached
in orthodox pulpits. In 1871 he joined
tbe Unitarian denomination, and subse
quently became a free-thinker. He was
elected secretary of the American Secular
Union in 1887, and three years later was
elected president of the union, and at that
time established in San Francisco a jour
nal entitled #> Free Thought." He was
afterwaid chosen president of tbe Califor
nia State Liberal Union. This publication
suspended in 1891, and the next year he
was elected president of the Free-thought
Federation of America, and held that posi
tion at the time of his deatu.
There is more than one mysterious point
that will have to be cleared up before it
can be definitely known whether tbe
deaths were accidental or not. It was
stated to-day that Miss Collins and Mr.
Putnam were preparing to go Soutb last
night, but this has been found to be incor
rect. Mhs Collins was in Stoneham,
where she took dinner.
Returning to Boston in the afternoon it
is supposed that she took supper with Mr.
Putnam, and the two came to Miss Col
lins' room together about 8 o'clock in the
evening. Tne door was locked and the
gas was lighted and was seen to be burn
ing as late as midnight. The bottle of
whisky found on a table in the room had
been seen there previously, and was not
disturbed by them last nig t.
There was found, however, a bottle of
benedictine in which about a pint of
liquor was missing. There was a Blight
wound on tbe woman's head, which may
have been caused by a fall. The fact that
t!i-' eescook turned bard and the escaping
gas made & hissing sound that could be
distinctly heard ten feet away, while the
room was not seven feet wide, would tend
to explode the theory that the gas had
been turned and left to escape.
CHICAGO, lix,, Dec 12.— Samuel Por
ter Putnam made his home in this city,
but spent most of bis time ai a lecturer in
all parts of the United States, vigorously
advocating the views of the free-thinkers.
Mr. Putnam had quarters at the office of
the American Secular Union, 141 South
Water street, and during the last year had
lived on the West Side when not on a lec
ture tour. He was not married, and leaves
no close relatives.
There was great surprise and sor
row at the, office of the American
Becular Union when the news was re
ceived. In a letter received from the
lead-r yesterday by Secretary E. C. Relch
wald Mr. Putnam wrote that he was feel
ing well and speaking to large audiences.
He added that he would return to Chicago
in March with Miss Collins, who was then
to go home to Kentucky. He sent his
best wishes to friends in this city.
Mr. Reichwald said: "For eighteen
years Mr. Putnam was a freethinker and
lecturer. He was also a talented writer
and above all a good man. His death i» a
great blow to our cause."
Last month Mr. Putnam and Miss Col
lins were in Chicago, both taking an
active par* in the convention of the Amer
ican Secular Union and Freethought
Federation of America. Miss Collins left
her Kentucky home to come here for that
purpose, meeting Mr. Putnam for the first
time then. It was here they decided to
co-operate on a lecture tour. Mr. Putnam
was tbe foremost figure at the convention
here and was unanimously re-elected
president of the National organization,
which he was first chosen to lead in 1892.
His eloquent addresses, attacking and de
nouncing the orthodox Christianity, were
the feature? of the recent convention.
During Mr. Putnam's ministerial careej
he was pastor of churches at De Kaib ana
Malta, 111.; North Plate and Omaha,
Nebr. ; Evansrille and Vincennes, Ind. ;
Toledo, Ohio, and Northlieid, Masis. While
in the East he disavowed bis religious be
lief and became active iv the rauks oi ag
nosiics. Until 1887 he was employed in
the Custom-house at New York under the
Hayes edministration, and in that year
was elected secretary of the American Sec
ular Union. Last year he made an ex
tended tour of England and France, at
tracting much attention by bis addresses.
Among the books ne wrote which made
h.m rank among authors were "Pen Pic
tures of the World's Fair," "Four Hun
dred Years of Free Thought" and "Inger
soil and Jesus."
WAS well ' km own here.
I'utnam Edited "Ere* Thought" for
About a Tear.
Putnam was well and favorably known
among the members of the Secular Union
in this City, where he edited Free
Thought for about a year. He was a well
educated man and wrotte much for
publication, dipping sometimes into verse.
it is believed that the death of himself
and companion is a case of suicide, as bis
last articles in tbe freethought journals
appeared to have a morbid tone, as though
the writer had a presentiment of coming
ill. Nothing is known here of Miss Col
lins,
THAT VEXED TURKISH QUESTION.
If the Powers Have Agreed to Control the
Sultan Unclß Sam Has Not Been
Informed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— A Sun
special from Washington says: Govern
ment officials at Washington are as yet
without official information regarding tbe
agreement reached by the powers for in
tervention in the Eastern question, but
say that until the British Foreign Office
makes publio its terms and notifies the
representatives of the various foreign
countries having legations in London, the
Stute Department cannot be uavised by
Embassador Bayard of the momentous
news.
It is said that while intimation has been
received that progress was being made be
tween Russia, France and Great Britain
whicu promised a satisfactory settlement
of the whole Turkish problem, so sudden a
determination to inform the isu.tan of the
ultimatum was not anticipated.
One of the Assistant Secretaries of State
practically acknowledged yesterday that
tne reason why Minister Terrell had not
met the cruiser Bancroft at Smyrna
and taken her to Constantinople
was that an intimation had been
received from Russia that in a very
brief 4 time reiorms in Turkey would be
carried out through the combined efforts
of the powers, the Dardanelles opened to
the navies of the world and that any at
tempt then to secure the United State-*
guaraship against >he protest of the Porte
might tend to complicate matter; and in
tenere with the proceeding of the pro
gramme.
At that time dispatches |to newspapers
stated in positive terms that the Bancroft
would proceed through the Dardanelles.
It was tne purpose oi Minister Terrell to
carry out the plan then set :onh, and
there is little doubt that it would have
been accomplished and not a gun turned
on the little vessel, when tbe Porte was
brought to recognize tnat the United
Suites would sustain it* contention that
the straits were not closed to American
vessels by sending the Bancroft through.
JViinißter Terrell had little doubt th»-n,
it is now officially known, of his ability to
secure a firman, and tbe Bancroft would
non have been anchored in the Golaen
Horn but for unexpected developments in
the Turkish question, arising out of the
rapid work accomplished by Russia in
bringing the other European powers to
agree to concerted action in settling the
wnole affair.
Since the Bancroft incident it has been
known here that it was only a question vi
a short time^.when the visit of the Czar to
England and France would bear fruil and
tbat Europe would hear of the agreement
reached between the powers to act jointly
in treating with the Sultan, or use force if
diplomacy fa led.
It is now i sserted that the President's
reference in his message to the necessity
of retaini.ig a naval fleet in Eastern waters
was due to the expected break in the
Sultan's administration, which, when it
comes, will no doubt require the presence
of every vessel there to look after the
Americans stationed in the small cities
along the Syrian coast.
The prevalent impression here and es
pecialy at the State Department, which is
kept thoroughly advised when anything
occurs in* Europe regarding Turkey, is that
the Sultan will accept the propositions to
be submitted by the powers and promptly
acquiesce in tne demands made of him.
TO ITS NATAL NAMESARE.
Maitachitseltn to Stake a .Splendid Gift
to the Xeto Cruiser.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 12.— Shortly after
the battleship Massachusetts comes out of
drydock the State she was named after
will present her with a bronze image of
Victory. It is a superb emblem, six feet
in height, which will be placed in front of
the turret, between the big guns.
This will be the finest gift of any State to
its naval namesake. The figure is that of
a female, lite size, and is toe creation of
Sculptor Bela L. Pratt. It is a winged
figure, and it appears to come toward the
spectators with confident tread. Tbe arms
are rigidly held down in front, cltsping a
sword on which is inscribed the word
"Victory."
On the bust is a steel buckler and on the
head a helmet. The whole conception i 3
one of strensth and vigor, with a determi
nation in the expression which is unmis
takable. The committee having the mat
ter in charge consists of B. F. Bouthwick,
Charles A. Towne, B. 8. Lovell and N. F.
Ryder. The committee expects to have
elaborate ceremonies in Boston Bay,
where the Massachusetts will anchor.
CAME WITH THE GOLD-SEEKERS.
Datid Craig Mahon, a California Tortj/-
filter, Die* at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Deo. 12.— Davici Craig
Mahon, an old resident of Chicago, who
died at his residence at 101 Walton place,
yesterday afternoon, ironed two stage
coaches which nearly half a century ago
ran between Sacramento and Stockton,
Cal.
Mr. Mahon, then a young man, caught
the gold fever, and, with a friend, made
the trip behind a mule team from Chicago
to the Golden Gate. After be bad been
there but a short time his health broke
down and he rave up the mining busi
ness, afterward accepting a position as
foreman for a carriage manufacturer at
Sacramento. After a couple of years he
returned to Chicago via the Isthmus of
Panama and New York.
Itoienthar,Jhe I'ianitt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— E. J.
Kuh, the i-hysician in attendance on
Moris Rosenthal, tbe pianist, stated to
day that six weeks would be a liberal
allowance of time for the artist's recu
peration and the resumption of his pro
fessional engagements. Accordingly, bis
manager, Henry Wolfsohn, announced
that he would take Mr. Rosenthal to
Southern Ca'ifornia as soon as he could
bo safely transported, and begin the sea
son on the coast in February, with March
and April in the Western and Eastern
Btates.
Turn tircnri ri Appointed.
I ; SYRACUSE, ' N. V., Dec. , 12.— Two - re
ceivers have been appointed for the Com
mercial Travelers' Life Association of New
York ; State. The assets are placed at
$60,000 and the liabilities at v $17,000. The
association was fir-t organized in 1872. ;
♦ ■
ff. U. Uxgood Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec 12.-William
H. Osgood, a well-known club man, died
tbia morning.
RECEIPTS FROM THE
INTERNAL REVENUE
Report of Ex-Commissione]
Joseph Miller Is Made
Public.
Marked Increase on the Tax
Derived From Tobacco and
Spirits.
Soms Imprtant Recommendations
Relating to the Bonded Ware.
boose System.
WASHINGTON, D. C, D>c. 12.— The
report of Hon. Joseph 8. Miler, until re
cently Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
was made public to-day. Tv receipts for
the year ended June 30, 1896. were $ 146,
-830,615, an increase of $3,584,538 over the
receipts of the preceding year. For the
current fiscal year the Commissioner esti
mates that the receipts will aggregate
$150,000,000.
Compared with the receipts lor the pre
ceding year the receipts df the bureau on
the several objects of internal taxation lor
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1896, were
as follows: Spirits $80,670,070. increase
$807,443; tobacco $30,711,629, increase
$1,006,721; fermented liquors $33,884 235,
increase $2,143 617; oleomargarine $1,219,
-432, increase $189,778; banks, Dangers, etc.,
$134 (first assessment); miscellaneous*
$445,113, a decrease of $183,600.
The quantities of various articles on
which tax was paid during tne fiscal year
1896 are as follows: Spirits, distilled from
aoples, peac es and grants, 1,440,810 gal
lons, an increase of 338.017 gallons over
tne preceding year; spirits, distilled from
matedals other than apples, peaches and
crapes, 67,039,910 gallons, decrease 7,413,-
I^7 gallons; fermented liquors, 35,029,098
barrels, increase 2,264.687 barrels; cigars
and ciieroots, 4 237,755,943 in number, in
crease 73,783,603; cigarettes weighing not
over three pounds per 1000, 4,042,391,640 in
number, increase 714,987,860; cigarettes
weighing over three pounds per 1000,
1,407,097, increase 363,200; snuff, 12,548,599
pounds, increase 1.717,125 pounds; toDacco,
chewing and smoking, 253,667,137 pounds,
increase 5,397,499 pounds; oleomargarine,
47.623,773 pounds, decrease 5,640,897
pounds.
It is shown by the report that the cost
of collecting the internal revenue was
$4,086,292, and the Commissioner estimates
that lor the fiscal year ending June 30,
1898, the expanses of the Dureau will be
$4,369,000.
Tbe registered distilleries seized durine
the fiscal year numbered 210, the illicit
distilleries seized and destroyed numbered
1925, while the value of property reported
for seizure aggregated $3Q8,449. Eight
hundred and thirty-nine persons were ar
rested for violating the internal revenue
laws.
The whole number of grain distilleries
reaistered during the fiscal year ended
June 30, 1896, was 1333, of whith number
1351 were operated.
Tbe larger portion of the decrease in the
number registered and operated occurred
in tbe class of distilleries having the
smaller capacity for the production of
spirits.
The total number of grain, molasses and
fruit distilleries registered during the year
is 6689, and the total number operated is
6187.
There was an increase of 3758 in the
number of all kinds of distilleries regis
tered and of 3753 in the number of all
kinds operated during the fiscal year
eiuled June 30, 1896, as compared with the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1895.
The quantity of molasses for the pro
duction of spirits other than rum has be
come extremely large, numbering during
the past fiscal year 3,507,609 gallons, with
a product therefrom or 2,642,322 gallons.
The quantity of grain used for the pro
duction of spirits durine the fiscal year
ended 'June 30, 1896 (18,630,618 bushels),
shows an increase of 1,130,907 bushels over
the actual amount of grain used in tne
preceding year. The number of gallons
of spirits produced from grain during the
year, 82,456,153, shows an increase of
4,283,641 gallons over the production for
the year ended June 30, 1895. The yield
of spirits from each bushel of giain is 442
gallons.
The quantity of molasses used for the
production of rum during the fiscal year
(1.891,356 gallons) shows a decrease of 328,
-191 gallons from the quantity used in the
previous year. The quantity of rum dis
tilled from molasses during the fiscal year
(1,493,228 gallons) shows a decrease of 286,
855 gallons from the product of the pre
vious year.
Concerning the general bonded ware
houses tbe Commissioner has this to say:
Under the general provisions of law the
privilege of removal to and storage In these
warehouses is extended to all kinds of distilled
spirits without exception ana consequently
several of the warehouses so established have
been mainly used for temporary occupancy by
spirits Jor which the warehouses served merely
as distributing agencies instead at lurnishing
a convenient place for the permanent storage
of spirits which requite to be aged and ripened
as was conteroplttted by the statute.
The practice of distributing these spirits, de
signed for immediate consumption, irom the
warehouse rather than irom the distillery,
has resulted, of course, in delaying the pay
ment of the tax thereon until the expiration
of the period covering the transportation of
the spirits from tha distillery to the ware
house and their subsequent disposition to the
trade, and consequently the natural loss of
the taxable artice occurring during such de-
Jay, is in respect to the tax transferred to the
Government instead of falling upon the owner,
-by whom it has properly been hitherto borne.
In view of this condition of affairs, I have
deemed it best to discontinue sucn of those
warehouses as were manifestly not subserving
the purpose of their establishment.
I would recommend that tbe statute in this
regard be so amended as to limit the privilege
of storage in these warehouses to such spirits
as may be approved by this office; and, fur
ther, that provision be made for a charge of
not less than 25 cents each for tbe general
bonded warehouse stamps and re- warehousing
stamps which are affixed to paokwges oi
spirits upon transfer irom a distil, ery ware
house to a (teueral bonded warehouse or from
one general bonded warehouse to another,
whicu charge, it is believea, would mainly de
fray the expense to which the Government is
put for tne supervision and control ot these
warehouses. Unless action to this effect should
be taken it would seem to be best that the au
thority fur their > stablishment ba withdrawn.
Building for Oakland.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Dec 12.— The
Catarrh
Id tbe head cannot be cured with snuffs, inhal-
ants or local applications. The surest road to
a cure is through blood made pure by
Hood's
Sarsapariila
The best— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
HnnH's PNI« cure Llver 11ls 5 easy to
IIOOU S flllS take, easy to operate.SSc^
House Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds to-day favorably reported
on bills providing for pwblic buildings at
the Icil'wine Darned plates: Oakland,
Cal., $360,000; Salem, Or., $100,000;
Omaha, Neor., increasing the limit of cost
to $2,000,000.
'•Simply a J-aliiflcation.''
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 12.—Secre
tary Olney was induced to depart from
the custom of rtfuaingto contradict news
paper rumors by the publication in a New
York newspaper this morning of a state
ment that Turkey had protested through
its Minister against the President's refer
ence to Armenian troubles in the message.
"The Turkish Minister," said Secretary
Oinc-y, "has not called upon me. There
has been no protest received from him or
through any other source. The whole
story is simply a falsification."
Jt hit*, and McLmehlan.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 12.—
Senaior White wiil leave Los Angeles for
San Francisco on December 15 and after a
few days there will start for Washington.
Representative McLacblan arrived to-day.
Consul at Ecuador.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 12.— Tbe
President has recognized Juan Pino as
Consul of Ecuador at San Francisco.
Inereaned Speed of the Paris.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., Dec. 12.— The
American line steamship Paris sailed for
New York to-day on Her first voyage since
her arrival here on October 18 with ncr
starboard shaft broken in tbe tube. Since
her arrival the Paris has undergone ex
tensive external and internal repairs. In
addition to ihe replacement of her broken
shaft, part of her machinery has been
renewed, her boilers have Been overhauled
and her funnels lengthened. The aLera
tions whicii the vessel has undergone are
calculated to greatly increase the speed.
Seen in a Sinking Condition,
LONDON, Eng., Dec 12.— The British
steamer Damara, Captain Chambers, at
London from Halifax, reports that on
December 6, in latitude 48 north, longi
tude 21 west, she sighted the British brig
Victoria, Captain Morgenborg, from St,
Johns, Newfoundland, for Bristol, previ
ously erroneously reported arrived at the
last-named port, in a sinking condition.
Two of the Victoria's crew were drowned
and five were rescued by the Damara.
Ex-Sultan ' urad JSieapet.
BERLIN. Germany, Dec. 12.— A special
dispatch irom Constantinople to the Tage
blatt says that ex-Suitan Murad, brother
nl Sultan Abdul Hamid, had escaped from
hi-< place of confinement, and his where
abouts is unknown.
Death of Count Travttntandorf.
VIENNA, Acsteia, Dec, 12.— Count
Trauttmandorf Weinsberg, President of
tne Austrian House of Lords, died to-day.
A Power Ilou** /turned.
CHATTANOOGA, Ibw., Dec. 12.- At
an early hour this morning the power
house of the Lookout Mountain and Lulah
Lake Railway Company burned to the
ground, catcbincr an incline cablecar at
the top. The cable was burned, and the
cardashed down the mountain, a distance
of over a mile. No one was injured, the
accident being at an early hour when
travel was light.
Guilt'/ of limbeazlement, •
ALPENA, Mich., Dec. 12.— 0. L. Part
ridge, formerly secretary of the Alpena
Loan and Building Association, was found
guilty this morning of em bezzlement. The
amount oi Partridge's embezzlement was
$20,000. It will practically wreck the as
sociation, in which many poor persons
had invested their savings.
- '; WEW TO-DAT. v/V
FREE !
* 
Send us your address, city or
country, and 3c in Stamps to pay
postage and we will send you by
mail, postage paid,
ONE REGULAR SIZE 25c PACKAGE
BISMARCK TEA!
The guaranteed cure for Constipation,
Liver and Stomach Troubles and Un-
rivaled Blood Purifier. ''
REDINGTON & CO.,
Wholesale Druggists,
21, 23, 2), 27 SECOND STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MACKAYS
: |^ Mi ' BEST XMAS
ESm OFFERTO
l^^ ipJ.UU
■ ■ I!" A LADIES' DESK.
Oqly eight of this pattern in Polished Oak
and Primavera. It is positively the best
substantial gift of the season. Two other
patterns at the same price. You get more
than your moneys worth in this.
GILT FURNITURE.
Twenty patterns in CHAIRS, DIVANS,
Etc., at prices to sell before Xruas.
ROCKERS. k
No retail house in town can show you a
larger line of upholstered and cobler-seat
Rockers, nor quote such low prices.
Don't miss our special <&O Q X
if Rocker hunting «£><£. OD ..
Axminster Rugs, $j.50.
OPEN EVENINOS.
ALEX, M ACKAY & SON,
715 MARKET STREET. :
. Furniture, Carpets and Upholstery.
'-'■'■'' :■■ '.••'■■'.■■ -..'■■ . :■ _ : .^'\i '■'■:■■■■:■ ■ '. ' •
HVI A nff ■ Pin here to re-
l? l■l * l# II miml you that
■\ I 11 ■ X ■11 Smith's  C ash
%£ I By m\ Store now lo-
W ■ "" ■ m "■ cated on Front
street, near- Washington, will remove to
Market street, near "the ferry, in a few
days, are offering bargains never be-
fore heard of. ■ *  - "" V
Ladies' $2 wool combination suits,
; . cream .-';, ;.......<. ... . . . ...... . . . . .$1 25
Ladies' two bit sleeveless vests ... 15
Ladies' cheaper sleeveless vests:.::.. :10
Ladies' high-grade ecru underwear. 45
Chi dren'a under vests or pant 5....... 15
Stockings for ladies, good, closing. ... -V 9
Children's tan hose, 5 to 9 . . . .... .;: : . i' 10
Boys' gray wool ; hose, Bto 9}4 • "• ••• • • • ' . 15
Girls' heavy gray wool hose, 8 to 9. ... 15
- Great bargains in housekeeping article?
will be offered this week." •
NEW TO^DAT
buTyour v
GROCERIES
WHERE YOU
CAN GET THE MOST '
FOR YOUR MONEY !
CLEVELAND BAKING POWDEP.-KJ OOC
oz cans ou
PUBE DE FOIE3 QEAS-Goose liver 1 l\Q
pate, per tin....: J_y
TJNCOLOKED TEA— grade........... OQC
VERMONT MAPLE SYBTJP-1 gallon r*QC
can 5................ DO
GERMAN BLUING— per box 7... QIC
<-2
....
SHEPPN SHREDDED . COCOANUT— "I rib
. per pound 1i a
FLAVORING EXTRACTS-per bottle.. *C -
-•> • -*
HOLLAND HERRING— Extra quality © l . 10
(all milts), per keg «J)1 —
FlGS— White Adriatic, 10-lb boxes 7*S°
PICKLES AND CHOW CHOW-% gal. 1 A c
jars..... -*-^
WHISKY— O. P. S., pure malt, full quart OK.C
. demjonns. CO
BUTTER— Squares. 40°
CIGARS— Cuban Beauties (Eastern), 25 OQp \
nabox Ot7 I
IMPORTED CIGARS— FuII size, each... ; 1Q C I
SOUPS— Snider's, full quart cans 20
New Raisins, Citron, Cur-
rants, Nuts, Shelled Almonds
and Full Line of Holiday Goods
Arriving Daily.
WMCLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Fifth and Sixth, San Francisco.
knhJtingco,
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
Formerly at 1520 Sutler Street, - : ;> ■
WILIi \IT tour.. . ? .
" ILli * ' lll SILK. WOOLEN,
Til ARlU'it LINEN. MERINO and
ltf mmi COTTON
UNDERWEAR I
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St. V
| STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
A Better Selection
Of holiday goods can be found In our store than In
any retail shoestore iii this city. We nave ]u«t
received our stock. - J-.verythlng is new, nobby anil
stylish, and at such low prices. ■ So take advantage
and buy before the assortment Is broken. Ladle*
Fur-Trimmed Fausts, warm lined and In different
colon, sold cheaper than ever.
Ladies' Felt Fur-Trimmed Fausts, flannel
lined... 81.25
Ladies' Quilted Fur-Trimmed Fausts,
flannel 1ined......... 91. 50
Ladies' Bed Felt Fur- Trimmed Fausts,
flannel lined .;. SI.
. Ladies' Fur-Trimmed Vici Kid Fausts, ■
patent leather tip*, flannel lined 91.75
Men's Felt Fausts, flannel 1ined.. ......... 51. 50
| Don't waste your time working trochee Slippers
when you can bur them in pink, red, blue or
black,' with fleece-lined soles, for SI a pair. - Your
material would cost you more money.
Compare our prices of jieu'» i moroldered SUp-
pers with the prices of our competitors. Wear*
much cheaper and give a better article.
Men's Embroidered Velvet Slipper*,
■ patent-leather trimmed Too
• Men's Hand-i- mbroldered Velvet Blip-_,
> pera, patent-leather trlramel 81.00
M«-n's Chenille Worked Kmbrotdered
Velvet slippers, patent-leather trlmmeaSl. 25
Men's Leather slippers at prices to suit the times:
Men's Russet or Wine-Colored Grain Alli-
gator Slippers, patent-leather trimmed. Bl. 2s
Men's Vici Kid -ilppers, in black, brown
or wine-color, chamois Uni-d.. SI. BO
The above Leather or mbroldered Slippers la
either Opera or Kverett Cuts.
tar Country orders solicited. J_
j^-Bend for ,N»w Illustrated, Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third Street. San FrancUoo.
■ ■. <•.,■' ' ■: .rpow BKBt; ■
fc., ■-. jyr BRASS BED^
p s^*" y4f-, '' ' FOLDING BEDS*
■ ,? ■'-'■ ' . Wire and Hair -\t»s-
-i - tresses, i. eclinla:
Chain, Wheel Cbalri,
[I fill ' ' Commodes, iJacle K»*;« ,
I l fftfttitf -A" SCHROC^
iUU V 2JL
tfcsa-_^ j-4-' '",^1 Kew . Montgomery
• « i>'- L»- 1 I J bt. , under U(«jm
' '.;-,;■;.'. ~\"i > : .^T '•'■' Hotei.'S;-**. ■ ■-.
KKIINHPS" 3 ' bootblacks, bath-
I? B9 V I 8 in nouses, billiard - tables, I
• brewers, ' bookbinders, *■ candy.makers, canners, I
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper- J
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, staola- /
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. - f
_. BUCHANAN UKUS., '
Brush Manufacturers. 6Dys«crainentolU
i NEW WESTERN tiOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WAiID <s oa
European plan. Kooms 500 to 91 50 per day, si
to »» per week. (8 to C3U per momn: ■ ires oatlu-
■ hot and cold water *v«ry room; tin urauj .4
, every room; devalue «utu ailuisat.GREAT BRITAIN
IS NOT JEALOUS
Statesmen Appear to Be
Pleased With the Russo-
Chinese Treaty.
It Merely Gives the Czar the
Right to Run a Railroad
Through Manchuria.
Force of the Radical Party Directed
Against Chamb riain and His
Transvaal Policy.
LONDON, Esa., Dec 12.— The London
bureau of the United Associated Presses
has the highest authority for the state
ment that the Kusso-Chinese convention
is by no means a surprise to Lord Salis
bury, nor are the main clauses of the
agreement opposed to England's interests.
The Bubstance of the convention was dis
cussed upon the occasion of the visit of Li
Hung Chang to London, and was known
to Sir Nicholas O'Connor, the then retir
ing British Minister, before he left Peking
to assume the duties of British Embassador
i at St. Petersburg
The convention does not contain any
■ concession of territory, but only secures
to Russia the right to construct a railroad
through Manchuria to Viadivostock. The
branch railway to Port Arthur is purely a
Chinese enterprise.
The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour, First
Lord of the Treasury, speaking at Bristol
on February 3 last, while the Russo
• Chinese treaty was pending, said that so
far from regarding with jealousy the ac
quisition by Russia of a commercial port
on the Pacific which would not be frozen
over to the exclusion of vessels six months
in every year, England would welcome it
as a distinct advance of civilization.
The whole force of the radical party is
to be directed at the earliest possible mo
ment against Chamberlain and the Gov
ernment's policy toward the Transvaal.
Behind the attack on the Government's
action generally tnere is a bitter hatred
toward the Colonial Secretary. Time has
not soitened the feelings which elicited at
every mention of his name in the meetings
of the National Liberal Club the cry of
"Judas."
So every possible advantage is taken to
show him up a prevaricating and un
scrupulous politician. The Labouchere
clique think they now have him on the
hip in connection with the Jameson reve
lations, although nothing that is new can
be garnered from the most recent develop
ments of the controversy.
Put in brief, the newest form of the
charges against Chamberlain is that Sir
John Willouchby and other officers lead
ing the raid on the Transvaal had Cham
berlain's assurance that he approved of
the movement and would support it. .
' There are hints from the Radical side
that an eminent politician who saw
Rhodes while he was in England pledged
himself to support the expedition. Here
Sir William Vernon Harcourt is aimed at.
There certainly exists. correspondence
which Sir Jjt:ftan\yUJoufth£y'3 solicitors
Doia sifowingTf&kt~ Jumeifdn, Wilioughby
and other leaders of the raid had been
lea to believe that Chamberlain (for the
Government) and Sir William Vernon
r Harcourt (lor the opposition) nad given
their sanction to the attack ou the Trans
vaal. But it can be stated with absolute
certainty that tnere exists no documen
tary proof implicating either Chamberlain
or Sir William Vernon Harcourt. The
evidence which will be brought before the
Parliamentary committee will consist
cniefly of letters passing between Sir John
Willougbby, Dr. Jameson and brother of
ficers anent interviews with Chamberlain,
Sir William Harcourt and others. Neither
Cham berlain nor Sir William will be found
to have given themselves away by docu
mentary evidence.
The destruction of the English colonial
sugar industry ia supposed by the free
trade English press to be counterbalanced
by the growth of the English confection
and preserved fruit industry, which it is
claimed more than covers any loss arising
from the cessation of colonial trade. This
is true in an immediate practical sense,
and points the morals of the interviews on
the subject contained in dispatches to the
United Associated Presses, where the an
nexation of the British Antilles to the
United States was shown to be the natural
issue of the situation.
But the gravitation of the West Indian
colonies toward the United States is no
part of the programme of the Imperial
Federationists. Chamberlain's commis
sion of inquiry into the West Indian
sugar industry is such an obvious put-off
and so useless that the Imperial Federa
tion leaders will have nothing to do with
it. So, when Parliament meets there will
appear on the notice motions of the house
several proposals that the decaying condi
tion of the West Indian sugar industry
shall at onoe be met by a system of coun
tervailing duties.
Tue interest aroused by the revival in
an acute form of this trouble recalls the
opinion expressed by Mr. Gladstone some
ten years a^o, after the London conference
on the bounties system. "I think," he
said, "that both the trader and the work
man engaged in the business of refining
sugar have great reason to complain. My
desire is that the British consumer should
have bought sugar aud every commodity
at the lowest prices at which it can be pro*
duced without arbitrary favor to any of
those engaged in the competition, but i
cannot regard with favor any cheapness
which is produced by means of the con
cealed subsidies of a foreign state to a
particular industry, and with the effect of
crippling and distressing capitalists and
workmen engaged in a lawful branch of
British trade."
The quotation here is expressely made,
because on absolute official information it
will ultimately form the basis of the ac
tion of the English Government in settling
the question. Chamberlain knows the
absurdity of the commission, and th« ulti
mate issue of the whole matter is that
either the continental bounty - giving
powers will abolish bounties or the
colonies obtain codntervailing duties.
CALMERS IS HOPEFUL.
Say* the Dock Laborer* Are Bound to
Win the Strike. - •
' ' . ; . LONDON, Eng., Dec. 12.— A representa
tive of the United Associated Presses has
had another interview with Thomas Cal
bery, secretary of the National Sailors'
and Firemen's Union. He found him full
of hope over the prospects of an interna
tional strike. Ballot papers from • every
quarter, lie said, approved the strike.
Asked wnether he thought it should be
tentatively delayed to permit cf , further
organization, Calbery said ; that the gen
i eral feeling seemed about evenly balanced,
1 but an international strike would surely
I come if the employers refuse to do justice
* to (he men.
If a wholesale ; strike were forced 1 upon
them they would get the JNew York men
to join, for their condition was wretch
f. edlybad, even worst than London dock
laborers. Mr. McHugh had reported that
the American J men • were ' well : organized,
that the American labor leaders knew the
'men and were -quite ready for organized
■•• \ ■ '
action. Besides New York, Boston, Phila
delphia, Baltimore, New Orleans and all
the other ports were ready to act in con
cert
SPOLIATION OF IRELAND.
Financial Reform* to Come Before the
:\ Jtritiith Parliament.
LONDON, Esq., Dec 12.— Dillon will
raise a debate on the address in reply to
the Queen's speech opening the session of
Parliament, calling attention to the report
of the commission on the financial rela
tions between Great Britain and Ireland.
The Irish party contemplates no division
on the debate.
But when the budget comes before the
House the combined Irish sections will in
sist upon an immediate adjustment of
Irish finance as reported upon by the
commission. The systematic spoliation of
Ireland of about £3,000,000 annually is too
much even for the Irish Unionists. Mr.
Balfour may probably claim that the ad
justment forms part of ttie coming "Irish
local government reform bill."
REV. CHARLES AND MATTIE.
Dr. Brown Talks About Their Meeting in
Chicago and of Her Attempts to
Blackmail Him.
CHICAGO. 111., Dec. 12.— The Rev. C.
O. Brown, late of California, whose sensa
tional meeting with Miss Mattie Overman
at a recent Salvation Army meeting at
Willard Hall was referred to in an even
ing paper, said to-day:
"The article with reference to the Wil
lard Hall incident is incorrect in several
places. When Miss Overman arose, as
others were doing, to 'testify," she was
not on the platform, but back of me on the
main floor of the hall.
"We bad been informed by the San
Francisco papers that she was on the way
East, and I was not surprised when I
recognized her voice, neither did I 'start
as though to rise,' neither did I 'bow my
head as though confused.' I turned and
looked at the young woman who has pub
licly and under oath testified that she de
liberately entered into a sbeme to black
mail me. When she saw me she was
manifestly surprised, very soon ceased
speaking, dropped into her seat, bowed
her head a moment and very soon after
spoke to her companions and went out.
I remained to the close of the meeting.
"The facts with regard to her writing
to me for money from Southern Cali
fornia are these: She wrote offering
to procure an affidavit from Mrs. Tun
r.el, if I would pay for it, but affirming
that my enemies were ready to pay for a
story against me and that they should tell
one if I did not meet her terms. I refused
her proposition indignantly. Her 'con
fession' appeared soon after and was her
fourth conflicting story, and to this last
'confession' she refuses to mase oath.
"Miss Overman confessed with tears
that bhe came to our home for the delib
erate purpose of doing what she coud to
injure us. In a previous mood she be
sought us to forgive her for so abusing our
hospitality. It must be for the public to
judge wbat credence to give her word."
AGAIN SHE IS TERESA DEAN.
As a Sequel to the Elopement of Dr.
Tollman, His Wife Secures a
Divorce in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111.. Dec. 12.— There was a
sequel in the divorce court to-day of the
recent di-appearance of Dr. W. Lewis Tall
man, ex-house pbysician of the Great
Northern Hotel, with Jane McKinley
Cannon of Danville, 111., a married woman.
Dr. Taliman's wife, who as Teresa Dean,
gained a reputation by newspaper writing
in this city, filed a bill in the Circuit Court
at 12:3U o'clock to-day, asking for a decree
of divorce on the ground of infidelity, Mrs.
Cannon being named as the co-respondent.
At I_':34 o'clock Mrs Tallman was seated
in the witness chair in Judge Morton's
courtroom, and at 12:50 o'clock she walked
out as Teresa Dean again, taking with her
a decree of divorce which provides for an
allowance of $3000 a year as alimony. The
doctor's average annual income was stated
to be $10,000. No defense was set up, and
the defendant, who was seen in the city
yesterday for the first time since he eloped
October 28, authorized his attorney to
enter an appearance for him so that there
would be no delay. Her family coach
man bad heard the doctor say he loved
Mrs. Cannon and intended to marry her.
Teresa Dean and Dr.Tallman were married
at Racine, Wis., exactly five years ago
to-day.
SEW SYSTEM OF CHEOKING.
Designed to Prevent Fraud, in England*
Poatoffi.ce Department.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12. -A Lon
don dispatch says: A thorough revision
of the system of bookkeeping in vogue
in the savings bank department of the
Government postoffice has been ordered,
as the result of the discovery of one of
the most gigantic frauds ever perpetrated
on this financial institution, and for
complicity in which the manager of
one of the sub- departments has just
been sentenced to five years' penal servi
tude.
The scheme adopted by the conspirators
was to open accounts with tne deposit ot
a few shillings in nearly 100 branch savings
banks. The convicted man, through his
position in the chief department, had
access to the general ledgers, and chanced
the entries so that they appeared as
pounds. In one case where $5 had been
deposited in a certain branch bank, the
general ledgers were so manipulated as to
so make it appear that the deposit was
one of $500. Each deposit was made in a
different name. Had not the scheme been
discovered by an accident, the Govern
ment mieht have been defrauded out of
over $50,000, when the entire deposits of
the conspirators were less than $500.
The Government financial experts are
now engaged in perfecting a ne ( w system
of checKing accounts between the general
and branch banks by which tuch a fraud
Will hereafter be impossible.
FOREIGH MISSIONARY WORK.
An Interesting Summary Prepared by
Dr. Strong.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.-A sum
mary o! ; Protestant foreign missionary
work throughout the world has been pre
pared by the Rev. E. E. Strong, D.D., edi
torial secretary of the American Board of
Foreign Missions. The totals compared
with last year show an increase in the
contributions of about $1,100,000, while in
the United States there has been a de
crease of about $70,000. -,
The British societies show a marked
falling off in the ; number of native labor
ers, largely owing to the fact that the war
in Madagascar has so ; interrupted; mis
sionary work that no reports are given
from that island.
In the United States, Canada, Great
Britain. Continental Europe, Australia,
India, Airica, etc., there are 267 societies,
4325 stations, 14.036 out stations, 6336 male
missionaries, 5675 female missionaries,
60,184 native laborers, 1,221,175 communi
cants. The income in dollars is $15,549,244.
Onltt One Cabinet Officer.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— An argu
ment in favor of selecting a Cabinet officer
from the Pacific Coast, now being brought
forward, is the fact that since the stars
and stripes were first raised in California
that region has had only one Cabinet offi
cer—Attorney-General Williams of Ore
gon, who served under Grant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
MAJOR TAUSCH'S
BLACK RECORD
Dark Scheme Cooked Up
by the Secret Service
Chief.
Constantly Frightened the Kaiser
by His Faked Reports of
Impending Danger.
But as Prince B smarck Expressed It:
" These Scoundrels Have to Lie
in Order to Live"
BERLIN, Geemant, Dec. 12.— Since the
Emperor gave Freiherr Marschall yon
Bieberstein, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
an audience at Potsdam on Thursday it
has transpired it is the intention of the
Government to hasten the trial of Major
yon Tausch, the chief of the political
police, who is now in jail under charges of
perjury and forgery, tafcing the view that
the longer the affair is fcept^before the pub
lic the worse. The scandals attached
thereto will become public and the excite
ment over the revelations already made
will increase.
Major yon Tausch has employed the
eminent advocate, Dr. Schwindt, to de
fend him and also made an application for
his release on bail pending his trial, but
thi* request has been refused and he
wiil have to remain in jail until he is
arraigned in court. Failinz to obtain his
clent's liberty on bail, Dr. Schwindt then
as&ed the onbllc prosecutor not to call the
case for a month as the defense would re
quire that length of time at least to pre
pare for trial and the postponement of tne
case until the end of January is probable,
despite the desire of the prosecution to
expedite matters.
Besides frequently alluding to instances
of Tausch's alleged crimes of forgery and
perjury or bis indictment thereto the
newspapers are filled with incidents of his
life. His father, now dead, was for a long
time Minister to the Prussian court for
Mecklenburg-Schwerin. His mother, who
is still living, resides in Scbwerin with a
married daughter, and another of her
daughters, who is a lady in waiting to the
Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin,
was married to the late Russian General
yon Peters. Baron yon Tausch has numer
ous aristocratic connections and still has
powerful friends. It is recalled that it is
only six weeks since he received the dec
oration of the Red Eagle with the order of
the crown, which is always bestowed as a
special mark of imperial favor.
In the search for the men who are be
hind Tausch, the inspirer of his attacks
upon ex-Chancellor Caprivi, General Bron
sart yon Schellendorf, Baron Marschall yon
Bieberstein and others, the question arises,
Who recommended to the Emperor the
conferring of such distinction upon the
chief of the secret police?
Count Philip yon Eulenburg, the Ger
man Embassador to Austria, frankly
admits having procured him the Austrian
decoration which was conferred upon him
by Emperor Francis Joseph for the sole
reason of the valuable services on the
occasion of the Kaiser's visit to Abazzia,
but surmises based upon good grounds
trace the recommendation to the Kaiser
that Tausch be decorated with the Red
Eagle and the crown to somebody com
prised in the immediate entourage of the
Emperor.
Naturally the anti-Bismarckian press
suggests the probability that Prince Bis
marck and machinations informed
Tausch's attacks upon Count Caprivi,
Baron Marschall yon Bieberstein and
General Bronsart yon Schellendorf, but
the best-informed opinion wholly absolves
both the old Chancellor and his son, Count
Herbert Bismarck, from any connection
with the matter.
Major yon Tausch had numerous agents
throughout Germany, who were employed
in reporting to their chief what they
could learn and often what they did not
learn about the private life of prominent
personages, and the newspapers now re
call Prince Bismarck's saying, "These
scoundrels hnv? to lie in order to live."
Although Tausch is supposed to have
destroyed a large number of his docu
ments* before he was arrested a great
number of others are still in existence,
and these have been seized. From the
character of these papers it is safe to
assume that several high officials may be
required to clear themselves of serious
accusations.
Among the obnoxious stories of the
political police has been the concoction of
plots of an alarmist character. An in
stance of this is recalled in the Kaiser's
going to Thorin some time ago, where his
Majesty used menacing language to the
Poles. Major yon Tausch had preceded
the Kaiser to Thorin by several days, and
upon its arrival there guarded the Em
peror's train with his suite of escort police.
When the train was on its way back to
Berlin Tausch caused it to take nnex
pected detours from the mnin line, de
claring that he had discovered a conspir
acy against the Emperor's life, though
nobody now believes that any such plot
ever existed or that Tausch thought it did.
Regarding Baron yon Bieberstein, it
now seems as though he had secured a
lasting vindication, yet the Berlin Post in
its issue of to-day criticizes the trial of
Baron yon Luetzow and his fellow-de
fendants, and asserts that the question
will be raised in* the Landtag why the
Minister of Justice allowed the Marschall
to play the triple role of witness, counsel
and virtual conductor of the prosecution.
At a meeting of the Berlin Municipal
Council yesterday Herr Stadthagen, So
cialist, protested against a portion of the
taxes imposed upon the taxpayers of Ber
lin going to support such persons like
Tau3ch and Luetzow.
The Emperor and the imperial family
will leave Potsdam on December 28 and
reside in the Schloss in Berlin for two
months. After the close of the Berlin
season the Emperor and Empress will so
on a six weeks' yachting cruise in the
Mediterranean and other waters, visiting
Athens and Constantinople in March.
The Krupp syndicate is arranging to
purchase the Brazilian system of railways
and will pay therefor 300,000.000 marks.
The American Ladies' Club of Berlin
will hold * fair on December 17 in the
Palace Hotel.
To r.e Field. Marshal.
LONDON. Eng., Dec. 12.— General
Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, co'onei
of the First Life Guards, is about to be
promoted to the rank of field marshal.
The promotion is a court job and causes
some irritation in the army.
Bubonic I'lague in London.
LONDON, Eng.. Dec. 12.— There Lave
been two fatal cases ot the bubonic plague
in London. The disease was reported
from Bombay, where it has caused many
deaths and a general panic among the
native residents.
•—• — * — •
Fine stationery In beautiful paper and cel
luloid boxes, good and cheap, at Banborn &
Vails. •
KEW TO-pAY^-CLOTHIITG.
Ladies'
Fedora Hats.
The finest grades only , in pearl
with black bands, in otter wit h
contrast bands. The kind the
millinery stores get $2 for.
Monday in our big Hat De-
partment at
95 Cents.
We have close on to 5000
Smoking Jackets to select from ;
the largest assortment of Smok-
ing Jackets in the city.
' Monday we will have on sale
again those very clever Tricot
Cloth Smoking Jackets with silk
frog fastenings, in navy blue
and -brown ; what other
stores are getting $5 for.
Monday in our big ' Smoking
Jacket Department at
—$3.25— ;
fa Gentlemen's
4?w Silk Initial
#^%- Handkerchiefs;
/ saie N. raised " satin
/ Initial \ . Uia % Some
/VfDrHiFPkX invbials. Some
\\ i // 300 dozen Mon-
/\\&yy\ a V > in the 50c
<X^W^^ grade ; colored
aV \.i, */y '.' : initials ; also
/^W/ \ plain white. d
V\ \z // Monday in
\Nc-^-// our b^ Fur-
nishing Goods
illQjf , Department at
W 25 Cents.
RAPHAEL'S
X (Incorporated), ;;•
King -Pins for Overcoats.
9, If, 13, 15 Kearny St.
.;■:,-;•; Our picture on
*—**"' and many other
desirable shades.
Monday in our big Hat De-
partment at ■
40 Cents.
. -I On the side we
JJiV*. -^. - show you a very
Vy^r^J clev er T arn
f /^~^~^£- 0' Sh dnt er,\
y.fi-C^j&s'T^; .^LTtiadefrqin rus-
t—^ ' show you a very
Cv clev er Tarn
~~x-.. O' Sh ant er,
™? made from rus-
n tf^ set leather in a
l'^Jr^^~^M' i pretty shade of
I'n^V" Ij^jV tan; $I.so is the
\ Vf jy price for 'em in
\v /T other stores,
\^J /f Monday in our
L>^ big Hat Depart-
" — jnent at
75 Gents.
M \ I / \lt
Some more of those clever
Tweed Ulsters, cut extra long,
with deep storm collar, in All-
Wool Tweeds, cleverly tailored
$5.50 and $6 are the right
prices for such Ulsters about
town. Monday in our big Ju-
venile Department at : . ,
—$3.50—
. - ; mas gift; $1 is
the price of 'em in other ■ stores.
Monday in our big Furnishing •
Goods Department at
50 Cents.
Our New Book, "Hints From
a Big Store," will aid you in
making your selections for the
Holidays. Send for it. .'-■
'■ . - \ ■'■■■■;• ■
No other house in the - land
gives as great values in Men's
Hats as we ; nor such an assort-
ment, carrying, as we do, no end
of new and stylish blocks.
Above we show the . Winter
block of the Alpine. It's a very
clever affair in pearl, otter, sil-
ver gray, brown and black, with
contrast trimmings. These Hats
are held at $2 in other stores.
In our Men's Hat Department
Monday at
95 Cents.
./££e3? Our big Spe-
cial for Mon-
\2) day consists of
/JMW nearly 300
I XrlS \ suits, as shown
L ler. «*"\ \ i n illustr ation
vl ' ' X \ on side, for short
tOur wearing
cial for Mon-
day consists of
nearly 300
suits, as shown
in illustration
on side, for short
trouser wearing
I lads between the
UL^J V ages of 5 and
' 1 ~\. 15 y ear s; all
Ij\ • clever colorings;
Bf " X all new Winter
W \ colorings styl-
M i ishly tailored
.)A I C'":'- garments; suits
*^ -, vj that you can't
duplicate in any other house in
town under $3. .Monday at
/ $1.85—
Some very
. pretty -Holiday
T^*"i§i creations in
_j|k^.^Q Reefer Suits in
#^g^^S4s^, blues and pretty
I ) if^fH \ coic^ hes f the
\pi' T' & \ collars are
\ jh\ \- • )&j beautifully
\/^> o W braided the
'. ,';•* C cuffs are braid-
L II _ ed ; little buckle
■ IN' ' ' at the knee of.
r ,7 \ ; the trousers
: \ Mm W garments s that
I 1'!: we pride our-
vW. li selves upon;
.\ hi' VI Suits that other
Of t£cfc> stores are get-
ting $5 for. Monday in our big
Juvenile Department at
—$2.50—
' Little Red Riding Hood sends forth her
greetings to her little friends and wants to see
them on the second floor Monday. ;
'■ Bring the little folks Monday to see <■ Santa
Claus. He's on the second floor and wants to
see his little friends. '.
Our Young Men's Suits for
the Holidays are truly artistic
creations. The illustration above
shows you a very swell \ Single-
Breasted Sack Suit, made with
-front vest, for young men be-
tween the ages of 12 and 19.
The colorings are bewildering
handsome, and the assortment,
the largest we have ever own.
We have included some suits
that we intended to sell at $15.
Monday at
—$10.00—
■ ' - f
tTHE ENSIGN.
In our picture on the
side we show . the clev'
• crest and cutest little
Suit that' tee have
shown this season. It
comes in blue, beauti-
fully trimmed, with
pearl buttoiis ; a little
vest goes with it ; for
lads between the ages
of Sand 10. The suit
was to sell at $7.50.
On Monday it will
be on sale in ■ our big
Juvenile Department,
—$5.00—
Some 300 more of I f . B\l^\ .E3
those cute little Cape I / llVl\fA *
Overcoats of ours, in I / |l\«\vA
blues, grays, and in 1 / jS|\i 1
neat checks ; very Bss*"lli\v?
handsomely braided, ■^Tp^'^^p
for < little fellows be- . Be w -■ V
tween the ages of 3 and n p :|1
10 ; Cape Coats ; that M" , 1 »
can't be duplicated in lfflj§, •' VI
any other store in towu Kh7* Wj
under 'Monday in ie [T* W— — «f -
-our big Juvenile De- f*Hj* M
—$2.50— lT f|
IPHAIFS
(Incorporated),
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 18, 15 Kearny St.
34
NOW THEY DARE
SCORE THE DEAD
Rev. Brown and His Cousin
, Talk About Sarah
B. Cooper.
An Enmity Tbat Grew Out of the
Assault of the Pastor on
Ingersoll.
Audacity of the Disgraced Divine in
Commenting Upon the Career of
a Christian Woman.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 12.— "During all
the time that Dr. Brown was pastor of the
First Congregational Church in San Fran
cisco he was opposed by Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper," said Rev. John T. Blanchard of
437 Leavitt street to-day. Rev. Mr. Blanch
ard is pastor of the Covenant Congrega
tional Church, on the West Side, and a
cousin of Rev. C. O. Brown, D.D., whose
sensational trials on charges brought by
•women of his congregation attracted uni
versal attention about a year ago. He
rises to defend Dr. Brown and deplores
the reopening of the discussion in which
his relative and brother-pastor was in
volved. In addition to this Mr. Blanchard
gives a reason for the enmity of Mrs.
CooDer, who with her daughter died from
gas asphylation in San Francisco yester
day morning.
•*' As all but willful enemies of Dr. Brown
know," continued Rev. Mr. Blanchard,
•'the accusations brought against him in
Ban Francisco were plain blackmail and
he was proved not guilty, both by the
civil courts and the ecclesiastical court
which sat on the case an entire month.
As to Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who was a
prominent member of his cnurch and be
came his opponent and accuser in the
trial. I can give you an explanation of the
Whole matter.
"Mrs. Cooper was a cousin of Colonel
Robert Ingersoll, and though opposed to
him in religious matters always main
tained a warm friendship with him. Be
fore Dr. Brown went to San Francisco he
was pastor of the First Congreg ational
Church in Dubuque, lowa. While there
he attacked Colonel Ingersoll and made
one of the best arguments against the
agnostic lecturer that has ever been pub
lished.
"Friends of Ingeraoll in Dubuque sent
him a copy of what had been said and he
made an answer to the sermon, but would
not come to Dubuque to debate with Dr.
Brown. The latter, however, preached
another sermon in rebuttal, and the whole
matter continued for some time. Mrs.
Cooper did not desire Dr. Brown for the
pastor of her church on that account. She
had no reason, of course, to oppose him at
the start, and ostensibly was his friend.
In reality, however, she was his enemy.
This sbe showed at the trial, though she
never gave any testimony ana had no real
evidence to give, but simply made a state
ment which was believed to be of a dam-
Bging character.
"As to Mattie Overman being reformed,
Ido not believe it. She reformed once be
fore and was taken into the home of Dr.
Brown by him and His wife. The result
was that she tried to blacken his repnta*
tion and ruin him, she being a member of
a party which went into a conspiracy
against him."
Rev. 0. 0. Brown lives at 980 West Polk
street. When seen to-day he declined to
say anything about Mrs. Cooper or her
daughter.
"It would be very much out of place,
after their death, to dig up an old story,"
Baidtoe. "I cherish no ill feeling against
them. Mrs. Cooper was a remarkable
woman and did great good in her work;
but she made the mistake of her life when
she attacked me. It caused her the loss of
nearly all her friends. I received letters
Jnst recently saying that the people who
were her best friends before that time had
forbidden her coming to their bouse, and
she was generally shunned."
SUICIDE OF AN ALLEGED PRINCESS
Claiming to Be the Niece of a Polish
Hero and Imagining Herself Rich,
Josephine Jeroski Dies in Squalor.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Dec 12.— Miss
Josephine Jeroski, an alleged Polish
princess and grand-niece of General
Pulaski, committed suicide in her dingy
little room, 44 Smith street, this city,
some time between last Wednesday and
this morning. Her death was discovered
through the arrival of a letter addressed
to her which the landlady, who had taken
it from the postman, was unable to deliver
because repeated knocks on Miss Jeroski's
room door brought no response. The door
of the room was burst open and she was
found dead on the bed, fully dressed with
an empty bottle at her side, 'which had
evidently contained laudanum. Neigh
bors and some charitable people had con
tributed to her wants, and she baa plenty
to eat and was cosy and warm in her small
room, but other events combined to make
her despondent.
Miss Jeroski frequently stated to those
With whom she had intercourse that the
United States Government had $2,000,000
belonging to her, and which had been
deposited with it by the Russian Govern
ment to satisfy a claim for damages made
by the descendants in America ot General
Pulaski, and that the United States was
trying to cheat her out of the money. She
was thought to be mentally unbalanced.
DIFFERENT IN ILLENOTS
Indiana* Hxmpliclty Ao( to Be Followed
in the Inaugural.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec. 11.— The ex
ample set by Governor-elect Mount of In
diana in sternly interdicting any tomfool
ery at bis inaugural, and especially any
parade of the military or an inaugural
ball, will not be followed by the State Re
publican machine wmcti has charge of
the preparations of the inauguration of
Governor-elect Tanner early next month.
It has previously been given out »that the
inauguration was to be one of the most
brilliant and spectacular affairs in the
history of the capital, and members of the
executive committee say to-day that these
plans will be adhered to.
The military is to be brought from all
parts of the State, tne parade and in
augural exercises will be attended with
pomp ana ceremony; there will be fire
works at night and there is talk of a pri
vate banquet for the machine and its man
agement, at which the wine is to flow like
water. ♦
•'Governor-elect Mount's suggestion
that it is in bad taste to invest ii n augur a
t'ODB with pomp and ceremony when the
common people are struggling for a liveli
hood, may be all right in Indiana," said
one ot those concerned to-day, "but so far
as Illinois is concerned we propose to
celebrate the incoming of a Republican
successor to Governor Ahgeld with a
jollification only second to that which will
De witnessed in Washington on March 4
next."
Applications have already been made to
the railroads for special rates to the capi
tal, and an invasion of at least half a
million enthusiastic Republicans is looked
for.
CHICAGO POOLROOMS RAIDED.
Mad Scramble of Bettors to Escape, but
Over Three Hundred Prisoners
Are Taken.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 12.— Every open
poolroom in this city was raided by the
Dolice this alternoon and the number of
prisoners taken is larger than in any raid
made here in months. Warrants were
taken out for the thirteen poolrooms
which were recently opened here, but
only five were found open when the police
arrived. These were filled with patrons
and more than three hundred prisoners
were taken to the station. The keepers
were arrested uniier State warrants, while
the patrons will be arraigned as inmates.
Bail was quickly obtained, and within
three hours from the time ttie raid was
begun all of the prisoners had been re
leased. It is said that the managers will
refuse to clo?e their doers in order that a
test case may be mrfde.
They claim that they are not operating
in violation, although Chief Badenoch is
acting with the advice of the law depart
ment and says that he will raid the places
as fast as they are opened. Notification
had been given the managers to close, but
five ignored it.
The raid this afternoon was filled with
the usual incidents. Ten patrol wagons
were brought into servioe and nearly
twenty loads of prisoners were taken to
the station. At Powers & O'Brien's
place on Madison street the appearance
of the police caused intense excitement
and about thirty of the inmates escaped
while ttie officers were guarding the doors.
The poolroom- is on the second floor and
many escaped by means of the dummy
elevator through which drinks are sent
up from the saloon before the police dis
covered it. Many others escaped down
fire escapes and several ran past the po
lice in the doorways.
The other places raided were: Perry's,
119 Clark street; Leo Mainer's, 176 Clark
street; H. W. Williams', 98 Randolph
street, and Bud White's, 125 Dearborn
street.
Some claim that the poolrooms were
operated within the law. Instead of ac
cepting the bets the managers claim
they acted as agents only. The police,
however, are investigating and believe
that the telegram alleged to have been
sent to and from Milwaukee did not leave
this city. They expect to find ah instru
ment somewhere in Chicago which was
used to induce the people to believe that
the telegrams were sent abroad and the
place of agreement therefore was not
Chicago. They have so far, however, been
unsuccessful, and the managers claim that
the bets were actually consummated out
side of Chicago. On this ground they will
fight the case.
HOKE SMITH SAVES HER.
The Ex-Secretary of the Interior Success
fully Defends a Woman Accused
of Robbery.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 12.— Ex-Secretary
Hoke Smith appeared in a magistrate's
court ac counsel ior Mrs. M."L. Henson,
who was charged by Dr. F. T. Powell with
robbing him of bis pocket book. The doc
tor stated that Mrs. Henson had visited
his office to get a prescription. As she
was leaving he asked her ii she would not
kiss him, and he declared that she did kiss
him and at the same time picked his
pockets, getting a purße that contained
$45. Tte defendant denied the statement
and asserted that she ran out of the office
when he became offensive. Mr. Smith in
vited the doctor, who weighs 225 pounds,
to show the Justice how the woman picked
his pockets. The dootor accepted the in
vitation, threw his arms about the neck
of the ex-Secretary and they hugged each
other tightly, but the doctor did not reach
Mr. Smith's hip pocket nor could the ex-
Secretary reach -.he doctor's gun pocket,
and the magistrate decided that it was
physically impossible for Mrs. Henson to
have robbed the physician, even if she
had hugged him, and dismissed her.
DARING BURGLAR CAUGHT.
But They Firtt Held as Pritoner* Some
of Their Purtuer*.
CORNING, Kanb., Dec. 12. — Deputy
Sheriff Charles Andrews and Cjty Marshal
Bensing of this place, re-enforced by a
posse of several hundred armed farmers
of the locality, succeeded in effecting the
capture of two burglars, wanted for safe
bio wins here.
When the officers- first attempted to ar
rest the men on the highway there were a
display ot revolvers and a retreat to the
timber. Two farm workers in a field next
tried to capture the men, but after a pre
tended surrender they made prisoners of
the farmers and compelled the owner of
the farm to drive all four to the bouse.
Here the farmers' bodies and that of an
infant which one of the robbers snatched
from a cradle were utilized as a protection
against the gathering host of men and
boys. The younger of the robbers became
separated from his companion and was
captured, while the other calmly ate a
supper he had ordered prepared, with the
three citizens and the baby as body-guard.
Then he surrendered.
To Attend a Bryan Banquet.
CHICAGO, 111.. Dec. 12.— The list of in
vited guests and speakers for the National
banquet to be given by the Bryan League
of Cook County January 7 was completed
to-day at a meeting of the arrangements
committee. The list includes: Governors
Altgeld, Stone and Matthews. United
States Senators Allen, Nebraska; Till
man, South Carolino; White, California;
Blackburn, Kentucky; Jones, Arkansas;
Butler, North Carolina; Cannon, Utah;
Dubois, Idaho, and Teller, Colorado.
Vice-President Stevenson; W. R. Hearst,
New York Journal. Congressmen Charles
A. Towne, Minnesota; Sulzer, New York;
Hartman, Montana, and Richard P.
Bland, Missouri. D. B. Shiveley, late
Democratic nominee for Governor of In
diana; John C. Sheeban, New York, Tam
many leader; Daniel J. Campau, Detroit:
George Fred Williams, Boston; Charles
A. Walsh, lowa, secretary of the Demo
cratic National Committee; Rev. Father
Nugent, Iowa; John R. McLean, Cincin
nati; Kx-GuTernor Boies and ex-Senator
Patrick Walsh of Augusta, Ga. William
J. Bryan has already accepted.
Benefit of Rote Coghlan.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12— The sum
of $6300 was realized from the benefit per
formance tendered to Rose Coghlan at the
Broadway Theater yesterday. Although
the benefit was artistically and financially
a groat success, it was a Keen disappoint
ment to a!! of Miss Coghlan's friends that
the programme was too lone to permit of
tne presentation of "Nance Olriiield," in
which she was to~ have appeared.
Christmas cards,, calendars and California
souvenirs at Sau born & Vail's, 741 Market. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
TEDDY HALE WINS
THE GREAT RACE
Wonderful Pluck of the
Irish Lad in Breaking'
All Records.
Shatters -the Six-Day Mark by
Wheeling Nearly Two Thou
sand Miles.
Little Rice, the Wilkesbarre Boy,
Gains S cond Place by His Heroic
Perseverance
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 12.— Twelve
thousand people saw Teddy Hale, the hero
of the six-day bicycle race at Manison
square Garden, cross the finish line to
night, a winner, with 1910 miles and eight
laps to his credit.
Hale broke all records from 101 miles
up, and shattered the six-day record by
310 miles and seven laps. He set an ex
ample of what can be accomplished by
pure grit and determination that will live
in the memories of the thousands who
shouted themselves hoarse in applauding
the pluck which prompted tho Irishman
to stay on and finish his task even after
nature herself had giyen out.
At ten minutes before the hour set for
ending the race only three of the fifteen
men who had literally plowed their way
since early morning in a semi-conscious
state were left on the track. One was the
winner and the others were Burns Pierce,
the Canadian, who bails from Boston, and
Orry Moore of Philadelphia.
Pierce and Moore were struggling slowly
along, but the boy from the Emerald
Island was bent over his bandio bars
sprinting for all he was worth. Again and
again the crowd burst forth into uncon
trollable enthusiasm which was absolutely
deafening when the hands of the garden
clock reached the hour of 10, and the
gieatest six-day bicycle race ever seen
was ended.
The band began to play the Irish
national air, but the music was drowned.
The pandemonium increased when Hale
wrapped him-elf in an American flag
which was thrown to him from one of the
boxes. The rest of the division having
secured their places by 9:30 o'clock had
retired. Some of them were physically
unable to continue, while others haa had
more than enough of tee strain, mentally
and bodily. Little Rice, the Wilkesbarre
boy, who ran into second place, made a
terrible effort to keep on.
but he had done more than enough to
show of what mettle he was made. When
Dame Nature refused to give him any more
support and he had to he helped to his
quarters, there was a reception accorded
him which in volume and sincerity was
but little behind the ovation accorded to
Hale. Never did mortal man persevere
under such circumstances as Rice did.
Poorly bandied and suffering from swollen
and bruised knees, which he received be
fore the start, he still kept on. Time after
time mind and body gave way, but game
ness came to the rescue and he resumed
the torture. His performance is even
more worthy of praisa than Hale's, be
cause Rice began the struggle behind
while Hale was battling in front. Rice
nobly lived up to his name of "forced
marches." Every one of the eleven placed
men beat the previous record as did also
Cassidy. The latter with Gannon, Mc-
Leod and Glick were each presented with
$100 as a voluntary gift on the part of the
management.
After the race Hale was tendered an of
fer of a banquet by representatives of a
prominent Irish society of this city. All
of the contestants were wean and scarcely
able to articulate, but with rest and care
ful handling will undoubtedly lose the ef
fects of the terrible strain of the past
week.
After the endurance contest was over
there was a twenty-five mile professional
scratch race, which was won by Jay Eaton.
Al Weining was second and Charles Car
ter third. Time, 1 hour 3 minutes and
35 3-5 seconds.
The winning score at 10 o'clock, 142
hours (the previous record, 1600 miles 1
lap, made by Schock) was:
Ed (Teddy) Hale, Ireland, winner, first
prize, $1300, 1910 miles 8 laps.
J. 8. Rice, Wilkesbarre, Pa., second
prize, $800, 1882 miles 6 laps.
Ned Reading, Omaha, Nebr., third prize,
$500, 1855 miles 3 laps.
Fred Forster, New York, fourth prize,
1829 miles 4 laps.
Albert Schock, New York, fifth prize,
1766 miles 2 laps.
Burns W. Pierce, Boston, sixth prize,
1758 miles 1 lap.
E. C. Smith, Saratoga, seventh prize,
1754 miles 7 laps.
"Major" Taylor, Brooklyn, eighth prize,
1732 miles 2 laps.
C. vV. Ashinger, Upshur, Ohio, ninth
prize, 1673 miles 3 laps.
E. C. Moore, Philadelphia, tenth prize,
1661 miles seven laps.
H. H. Maddox, Asbury Park, N. J.,
eleventh prize, 1644 miles 3 laps.
L. L. Cassidy, Millville, N. J., 1605 miles.
J. R. Gannon, New York, 1366 miles 8
laps.
D. McLeod, Philadelphia, 1350 miles 2
laps.
J. H. Glick, Detroit 1296 miles 4 laps.
Sndna at JSeto Or lean*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 12.— Six furlongs,
Frank Jaubert won, lasie O. second, Rapalat
chie third. Time, 1:16%
Five furlongs, Lone Princess won. Hill Billy
second, Wood bird third. Time, 1:02^.
Six furlongs, Sldkel won, Clara Bauer sec
ond. May Ashley third. Time, 1:17.
Six furlongs, Fannie Rowena won, Anger
second, Albert 8 third. Time, 1 : 16^.
One mile, Jobn Hickoy won, Lord Nelson
second, Paros third. Time, 1:45}-^.
Seven furlongs, Squire G. won, Trixie sec
ond, Chugnut third. Time, 1:31.
Gallagher and Burn* Matched.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 12.— Billy
Gallagher, formerly of Oakland, but now
a resident of this city, and Dan Burns of
Chicago, are matched to- box fifteen
rounds before the Los Angeles Athletic
Club on January 5. Ttie boxers have
agreed to meet at 148 rounds, give or take
two pounds. Both are at present in good
condition, but they started training in
dustriously this morning.
Ztttker. the Cheat flayer.
MOSCOW, Russia, Dec. 12.— Lasker won
the tenth game of the chess match against
Steinitz, begun in this city yesterday, and
concluded early this morning after forty
moves. It was a Ruy Lopez, opened by
the winner. The present score is; Lasker
t>, Steinitz 0, drawn 4.
CUTE COLLIS AT THE CAPITAL.
WASHINCTON, D. C, Dec. 12.— 0. P. Huntington arrived to-day from
New Yort and registered at the Normandie. He did not visit the Capitol, as
neither Senate nor House was in session. He received visits from several Con
gressmen, however. Mr. Huntington will remain here the entire session, re
turning to New York occasionally. Mr. Huntington is hopeful that the
Powers bill will pass this Congress. "He realizes that it is now or never,"
said a Coneressman who called on him to-night.
Judge Maguire has made a careful canvass of the Democratic side of the
House and Barham and Hilborn have been mingling with the Republicans.
Judge Maguire helieves that the refunding bill may be defeated in the House.
He says tbat the sentiment on the Democratic side is strongly opposed to the
measure, and that Hilborn and Barham report that they have interviewed
many Congressmen on the Republican side, who have announced their disap
proval of any refunding scheme. With all deference to the opinion of Judge
Maguire Barham, Hilborn and others who are making California's fight
against the Pacific railroads' refunding bill, it is the opinion of others equally
conversant with the situation that there never has been a time when the pros
pects for the bill's passage were so favorable as now. Senator Perkins shares
this belief.
WORK ON A TARIFF BILL
Ways and Means Committee Ready to
Begin Preparation of the
Measure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 12.— Two
hours were spent at the Capitol to-day by
the members of the Ways and Means
Committee discussing the basis of a new
tariff bill and selecting the members who
shall study the different features of the
bill so that they may report from time to
time as experts. It was also decided that
the bill should be framed by the full com
mittee, and not built up from a series of
reports made by different sub-committees,
as bad formerly been the case.
While no definite date was assigned it
was understood in a general way that bard
work would be^in on Monday, the 28th
inst. It was also decided that a resolu
tion should be reported to the House for a
holiday adjournment from the 22d of De
cember until the sth of January.
In the division of labor the woolen
schedule will receive the particular atten
tion of the chairman, Dingley of Maine,
and associated with him will be Russell of
Connecticut, Grosvenor of Ohio and Dal
zell of Pennsylvania. Großvenor of Ohio
and Payne of New York will give their
attention to the sugar schedule which, it
is expected, will prove a source of consider
able embarrassment, owing to the diffi
culty of fixing a rate of duty which will be
satisfactory from a political and economic
standpoint.
Another feature of the bill — reciprocity
in trade with countries from whioh we
import certain articles that are produced
to little if any extent in the United States
—is expecten to be another stumbling
block, owing to the difficulty of securing
a suitable treaty with Brazil, from which
most of our coffee is purchased, and with
Spain for reciprocity in Cuban products.
The State Department has been advised
that Brazil is unwilling to revive the old
reciprocity treaty of 1890, and our strained
relations with Spain will, it is believed,
militate against a treaty with that coun
try. Venezuela refused to negotiate such
a treaty six years ago and it is not ex
pected that her position has been changed
during the interim.
The fuller consideration of this reci
procity question will be left principally to
Mr. Tawney of Minnesota and Mr. Hop
kins of Illinois, who, during the last ses
sion, prepared an exhaustive report on the
subject, showing how greatly the United
States had been benefited by the arrange
ment.
It was agreed that careful attention
should be given to the agricultural
schedule, and this schedule would be
largely in the hands of Dolliver of lowa,
Tawney of Minnesota, Johnson of North
Dakota and Steel of Indiana.
The internal revenue features of the
bill — liquor and tobacco — form the main
subjects which wijl be left with Evans of
Kentucky and Russell of Connecticut.
Cottons and silks will receive the attention
of Dingley ot Maine and Russell of Con
necticut. The iron and steel schedules
will receive the atteution of Dalzell of
Pennsylvania, in view of the large manu
factories of that product in his State, and
Tawney, in view of the fact that he repre
sents the great iron ore regions of Min
nesota.
No decision, not even of a tentative
character, was reached regarding the ad
ministrative law, which will probably be
prepared by the full committee. There
was no division of opinion regarding a
substitution of specific for ad valorem
rates. The general discussion of the sub
ject showed that it is the committee's
intention, as was stated in the United
Associated Presses yesterday, to frame a
conservative and by no means an extreme
measure. In no case will the rates in the
former McKinley law be exceeded, except
where, as a member expressed it this after
noon, this was done by the Democrats
"for good and sufficient rea?ons" when
the present tariff law was formed.
On the other hand a reduction in duty
will follow in each case where it is prac
ticable, keeping in mind only the neces
sity of protecting home industries with
such additions to the revenue as will pre
vent a deficit in the National treasury.
A full committee meeting, at which the
Democratic members will be present, has
been called for Monday next, at which
the purpose of the committee will be out
lined and a definite understanding reached
regarding the date when hearings will be
gin. It is intended that the bill shall be
completed not later than the Ist day of
March, in order that it may be reported to
the House the day that the extra session
begins.
EX-QUEEN ULIUOKALANI'S VISIT.
Its Object Is to Obtain From This Govern-
ment a Demand for Indemnity
From Dole's Crowd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 12.— Ctesar
Celso Moreno, once prominent in Ha
waiian politics, has received a letter from
one of the leaders in the late revolt from
which Queen Liliuokaliani was arrested
and imprisoned. This letter throws some
light on the Queen's visit to America. It
speaks of the robbery of the cro *•» lands
which were hers by right and which
would have given her competence. The
Dole Government usurped her pension,
which was given, says the letter, on the
pretended promise of intervention by
President Cleveland in Hawaiian affairs.
The apparent purpose of this visit of the
ex-Queen, as disclosed in the letter, is to
demand indemnity ior the loss of the
crown lands, as well as her regal author
ity, which, it is claimed, were taken away
by a revolutionary movement instigated
by the United States Consul and aided by
United States marines from the cruiser
Boston.
JSLBCTHOCUTIoy OF 01P3T.
Refusal of the Chief of Police to Permit
a Public Affair.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 12.— Chief of Po
lice Badenoch to-day refused to recom
mend to the City Collector that a permit
be issued to publicly electrocute the man
killing elephant Gypsy, and unless Mayor
Swift, who is out of the city, takes favor
able action, the beast will not be killed as
a show to pay the expenses of his de
parture from nfe. W. H. Harris, the
owner, is in a quandary as to what to do
with the monster, who is so dangerous
that he is kept in solitary confinement and
no one dares to venture within reach of
his trunk. Chief Badenoch bases his re
fusal because no assurance is given that
the animal would not break away before
being killed and cause a fatal panic among
the people.
Trouble* of Tatteraall:
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.— 1t is said
that proceedings have been taken in
London to wind up Tatteraalls of New
York, which is a British corporation, the
exact nature of which is not known here.
William G. Ross, the general manager
here, served an injunction on the Sheriff
yesterday, restraining further action on
the two indictments obtained against the
company on Thursday for $1500. Mr.
Ross will endeavor to have a receiver ap
pointed here for the company Monday
next.
Xoble Work of Salvationitt*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 12.-The new
department of the Salvation Army gives
promise of becoming a valuable institu
tion. Through it the army will endeavor
to rind lost friends for any one applying
to them, and will conduct the search
in any and all parts of the worid. The
work will be done entirely free to those
who cannot afford to pay.
Pearl Bryan'* Slayer* Must Hang. JJ
FRANKFORT, Ky., [Dec. 12. — The
Court of Appeals has denied Alonzo
Walling a new trial. The opinion In the
case was written by Judge Hazelrigg,
to whom the Scott Jackson case was sub
mitted. Both men will hang for the
runnier of Pearl Bryan unless the Gov
ernor interferes.
9 ' ■ s , - .
Lumber-Dealer A*»ign*.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 12.-F. B.
Newton, a large lumber-dealer, assigned
to-day to J. E. Smith. The assets are esti
mated at $125,000 and the liabilities are ex
pected to reach the same amount.
m
Sentenced to Be JElectroeuted.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 12.— Willis
Haas, the 16-year-old murderer of Mrs.
Emma Brader at Covedale, was sentenced
this morning to be electrocuted Thursday,
April 8, 1897.
SITE FOR SAN JOSE'S SCHOOL
The Board of Education Petitions for a
Portion of the State Normal
Grounds.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Dec. 12.— A meeting
of the City Board of Education was held
this morning to discuss the matter of se
curing a part of the lands occupied by the
State Normal School as a site for the new
High School building. The following
resolution was adopted and will be for
warded to Governor Budd:
Resolved, That tt be the unanimous sense of
the Board of Education of the city of San Jose
that the proposed High School building should
be located on the State Normal School grounds :
that the Board of Education snouid use all
honorable means to secure from the State of
California and the truitees of the State Nor
mal School a portion of said Normal Schoo
grounds for the abova purpose; that if a porl
tlon can be secured that the Board oi Educa
tion pledges itself to keep said plat of ground,
other than the portion occupied by the build
ing. in lawn and shrubbery aud in as good
condition as other portions of said park.
The Normal Bquare occupies twenty
eight acres, and, as but very little of it
ii used for school purposes, it is thought
that the State will readily deed to the
city a portion. The property was given
to the State for school purposes. An issue
of $75,000 in bonds has already been voted
for the school building.
It is said that Governor Budd is in favor
of granting the city the land desired. The
local representatives in the Leeislatura
will introduce a bill favoring such action
at the coming session.
SAN JOAQUIN CITRUS FAIR.
Elaborate Arrangements Perfected for the
Forthcoming Exposition at
Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 12.— The prepara
tions for the San Joaquin Valley Citrus
Fair are nearing completion and every
thing will be in readiness for the public
when the formal opening takes place on
Monday evening. The joint committee
from the Hundred Thousand Club and
the Chamber of Commerce, which has
promoted the fair, has practically finished
its labors and the arranging of displays
has been in active progress for the past
few days. The horticulturists throughout
the valley are taking an active interest in
the fair and there is spirited rivalry for
the prizes. This has been particularly de
veloped among the counties, and the one
making the best display will be awarded a
substantial premium.
The fair has been projected on an elabo
rate scale. There is every indication that
it will be a great success and that many
visitors will be attracted from all parts of
the State. The weather bids fair to be fa
vorable.
Santa Cruz.* Home for Poor.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 12.— Ensign
Foster of the Salvation Army has re
turned from a consultation with Captain
McFee at San Francisco, and announces
that the work of raising funds for the
establishment here of a home for such
poor persons as are unable to find employ
ment will begin at once.
Funeral Cortert* Stnrte From Carton.
CARSON, Nev., Dec. 12 —The remains
of the late General Beatty were this after
noon escorted to the depot by the Knights
of I'y tliias and State officers and shipped to
San Francisco. They will be met at the
Market-street ferry landing by the Knights
of Pythias to-morrow and buried under
the auspices of the order.
Carson* Feud Goes to Court.
CARSON, Net., Dec. 12.— Charles Jones,
United States District Attorney, who was
indicted by the Grand Jury for assaulting
8. P. Davis of the Appeal with brass
knuckles, was placed under arrest to-day
and gave bail in the sum of $1500.
ff\ < |>(
y o
-— -
1c 3a Toe
Is the simple pastime which amuses the
healthy, non-dyspeptic individual. If you
suffer from t dyspepsia ana chronic : con-
stipation, liver or kidney troubles use the
remedy . that; cures. ' It :is ) the ; California
herb remedy— Joy's " ; Vegetable ; Sarsapa-
rilla. "No matter ; what the ' druggist may
' tell " you : Joy's Vegetable . Sarsaparijla is
the best. ' ' ■
TRIES TO KILL A
CONSUL-GENERAL
Fury of a German Who
Goes Gunning for August
Feigel.
Wild Scramble and a Flight
Among the New York Con
sulate Attaches.
Upon Being Disarmed and Arrested
the Would-Be Assassin Recites
Alleged Wrongs.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 12.— A man
made a futile attempt to kill the German
Consul-General, August Feigel, at the
consulate, 2 Bowling Green, at 11 o'clock
to-day. The man appeared at the con
sulate at 10 :30 and asked to see the Con
sul, and when told that he could not see
him went away. He returned half an
hour later and was again denied admit
tance.
He thereupon pushed his way through
a swinging door at the counter and at
tempted to get into the private office of
the Consul-General. One of the clerKs
stopped him. Then the man drew a re
volver, fully loaded, from his overcoat
pocket, just as Consul-General Feigel ap
peared at the door. Uttering a curse in
German, the man leveled the pistol at the
head of the Consul-General.
Paul Falcke, the Vice- Consul, jumped
toward the man, grabbed him by the
shoulders and in the scrimmage the
revolver fell to the floor.
The man fought like a madman to re
gain the pistol and finally succeeded.
Then everybody save the infuriated man
fled. A policeman was summoned and,
knocking the revolver from the man's
hand, and after freely using kis club suc
ceeded in reaching the Church-street sta
tion with his prisoner.
Later the man was arraigned before
Magistrate Flammer in the Center-street
Police Court. There he said his name was
Ludwig Schutte, a dairyman by occupa
tion, and that he arrived in America from
Hamburg on November 30. Schutte then
told a rambling story of having been
robbed of his money and alleged German
official persecution, which he thought had
followed him to this country. This was
his only reason for his endeavor to kill
the Consul. He was committed until to
morrow for examination.
Rain at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 12.— Rain
fell last evening, following a cold south
wind. At midnight there was a heavy
■bower, which, by daylight this morning,
had been reduced to a heavy mist.
OTSW TO-PAT:
Very often Nature needs only a little
help to get : over an obstruction. When
a boom of logs is floating down a river,
all goes well until one single log strikes
something and sticks. Then there's a
"jam" — and trouble. It is just so in |
the progress jof food through the diges-
tive organs. 'Everything goes well till
something sticks. Then the process of
digestion stops. ! That's indigestion. Un-
less the impediment is removed, poison-
ous putrid matter begins to accumulate.
There's a "jam" — constipation, : and
trouble. Sick -headache, biliousness,
sleeplessness, vertigo, heartburn, loss of
appetite— these are some of the symp-
toms. Just a little help at the appear-
ance of the first one would end the
trouble. '■ Nature is \ a hard worker, but
she needs assistance if too much be put
upon her. : ■
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets offer the
best and simplest method for furnishing
this assistance. ' They are prompt and
very effective - in their action, but they
are not strong nor severe. They cause
no violent wrench of the system. They
go right to the "log" that is fast and
loosen it. Nature does the rest. ;By and
by, with a little care in dieting, Nature
will do it all. That's one great advant-
age of the ," Pleasant Pellets ' over the
many strongly cathartic pills — you do
not become a slave to their use. They
really cure the trouble they are . meant
to cure. Even the worst kind of chronic
constipation disappears with their, use.
'i CAUTION.— Some designing dealers do not
permit their customers to have Dr. Pierces Pel-
lets because inferior pills afford greater profits.
Such dealers are short sighted. They overlook
the fact that next time you will go where yon
are supplied with what you ask for. '
Auction
Sale op
OCIIW op
Turkish
Rugs
AT
. NATIVE SONS' HALL,
On Mason Street,
TO-MORROW,
Monday and Tuesday,
Dec. 14 and 15,
At 11 a. 2:30 and Bp. M.'.
This Is Boghoslan Bros.'
■' Collection for absolute
sale. 45 Bales of the finest
Rugs ever offered to the
public.
W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer for A. M. Speck &Ca, ; 5/v •"
- 602 Market street.
HDDYAN
Is the mightiest of all blood puri-
fiers and the grandest tonic this century
has seen. And it never fails.
HUDYAN
Is the only certain specific in cases
of nervousness and that balf-paralyred
scate of the organs of life.
HDDYAN
Is the great and true remedy
which hundreds of sufferers from lost
vitality praise as uncqualed.
HDDYAN
Is just what you need if you have
a weak back, or if you feel premature de-
cay or lack of life.
HDDYAN
Is the only purely vegetable and
therefore safe remedy for malignant
disease. No after effects.
HDDYAN
Is regarded as one of the greatest
discoveries of tne century. Try it and
prove how trne this is.
HDDYAN \
Is what you need if you have pim-
ples, sores or any skin disease. Cures in
thirty days, too.
HDDYAN
Is an absolute cure for kidney and
bladder ailments, and you can rest as-
sured that it will animate.
HDDYAN
Is the only perfect liver regulator.
It saves you, because it makes all your
organs active and sound.
HDDYAN
Is as swift in action as the electric
current. It goes right to the very root of
disease. Cures and heals.
HDDYAN
Is the property exclusively of the
Hudson Medical Institute, at 5 Stockton
street. There only can you get it.
Circulars of the great Hudv an are sent
free to al I who choose to ask for them or
■who 'will take the pains to write for
them. The Hinison Medical Institute in
a. the Junctioa of Stockton, Market and
Kilis str.-ets. Co there and see the
doctors.
lAT auction
' AT- -rr
GOLDEN GATE HALL,
625 SUITER STREET,
Monday, Deo. 14, at 2:30 and 7:30 P. M.
Tuesday, Deo. 15. at a: 30 and 7: 30 P. 91.
Wednesday, Dec. 16, 2:30 7:30 P. M.
Thursday, Deo. 17, 2:30 and 7:30 P. M,
FREE EXHIBITION
Friday .and Saturday, Deo. 11 and IS,
From 9:30 a. m. to 9:30 P. if.
RARE AND ANTIQUE
ORIENTAL RUGS!
RICH EMBROIDERIES,
DAMASCUS BRASS WARE,
CARVED FCRMTIRE, Etc.
This entire stock is from the collection
md late importations of H. EPHRAIM
BENQUIAT & SON, Successors to Hadji
Ephraim Benquiat, the great connoisseur
ol Oriental Rugs. .
; These rugs were used in decorating the
Mark Hopkins Art Institute fortheMardl
Graa Ball and the Sorosis Club this year.
Catalogue at our office and at the Hall.
. . .; JSASTOX, KLDRIOOB & CO.,
638 Market at. Auctioneer*.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
General Auctioneers. 638 Market it,
"WK -WII/L BXX.Z,
AT AUCTION
IN GOLDEN GATE HALL
On MONDAY. TUESDAY, WKDNESDAY and
THURSDAY. Dec. 1*; 16, 16 and 1 7 "*
M 2 :30 ana 7 :30 r. m. eacb day
RARE, RICH, CHOICE & ASTIQDE RUGS,
ETC.
rJ!?mn P * r r 1C I , «••' advertisement in another
aurKhesafe? 1 " 011 ' Very d ' : from 9:SO >• *
ELDRIDQE A CO., Anct loners. *
RffiiSl DR. HALL'S REIMIGOHATOi.
lylg^Nyg* Flva hundred reword lornnyciuewn
§p* BS| cannot cure. THIS SECRET BEM-
SDR. stops all losses In 24 hours,
Five hundred rewnrJ loranycitaewa
canuot cure. THIB SECKETBESI-
Ei>Y stops all losses In 24 hours,
E^3 cores Kmisslons, impotencv, Varico-
mFl wn cele - Cjouorrhoeu, Uleet, Fits, Stric-
KM i* tures, Blood Disease and all w»,tln X
Hfl— 93 effects - of •-elf Abuse or Kxce«sa«.
*L3^fiaa Sent sealed. $2 per bottle. TURKU
.BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to euro »ny casa
, -DR. BALI/* MKOIUAIi INSTITIHK, >
Broadway, Oakland. Cat
■ au private. diseases quickly cuied. Send for
free book. - ■>>._■_■, • ■■.:■..■■
. ; EIjECTRIO
■ y.t. «*<i* V.IV*, '• > ■ Are good things if prop.
.*>■ ATmfrTia^' '/•'- rrly made: but thera U
JVfl^Vlvi ßQP^ n0 "*""*« in paying a hit t>
)Pfer<^7^>ysy^» v. rice , i r a poor a «ion
KE?v 'jvjJJ* ~* r *^^t smiplv because som« asl-
|Bffjtjri=wiKdfev3f^W vertlslnst "<iuaclc" as.
<^^iUi^EtQ7Wiis''r mands It. l^uy no Beit
fJ^/fg =^lP^^9R«- nil you ■•• Dr. PleroVs.
jftr SHSrc^W* i *1" Book Free, Call or
V "SjBFV ;■•' address DR. PIKttCJB
~yuV ' ' * SoN, 704 Sacramento
■■ •-»*■-"?■• -■:•. *>*„' •~ ■ .- at., cor. - Kenny, tt. It
Branca Office 640 Market at., & F.JUDGE TQWLE
DIES AT IIPI
The Final Summons Comes
Suddenly to the Aged
Jurist.
Arouses His Wife at Night and
Tells Her That His Race
Is Run.
Passing of a Man Who Balanced the
Scales of Justice With Im
partial Hand.
NAPA, Cal., Dec. 12.— Judge G. W.
Towle, one of the men who assisted in
blazing the way to a better civilization
• during California's pioneer days, died
suddenly at his home in this city last
night. The news of the aged jurist's pass- ;
■ing came as a shock to the community,
for last evening he was seen upon the :
streets, apparently in his usual health.
Judge Towle retired last evening as [
usual. About 11 o'clock he called to his
wife and complained of suffering some !
pain. He said his lunzs were filling and '■
a few moment- later he gave his loved I
companion to understand that the end |
was at hand. Before a physician could j
reach his bedside he was dead.
A man oi spotless character and unsul- i
lied life, one whose stalwart frame had i
for years been yielding to the infirmities i
that usually come to those who have
passed the three score and ten limit, has
thus been called from the activities of
life to his final rest. Few men in the |
community had been more often honored j
by their fellows:
Able in the expounding of the law, he !
was just and impartial in demanding its ;
enforcement, and for this reason was ]
Many times called to the chair of justice. I
He was first appointed Justice of the i
Peace of Napa County by the Supervisors j
on November 13, 1857. He was elected
District . Attorney in 1869, served one
rtn and was appointed County Judge to I
nil the vacancy occasioned by the death
of Judge Jacks on September 5, 1863.
Judge Crouch succeeded him on. the |
bench in 1875. He was made City Attor- j
ney and served in that capacity ei«:ht
years, conducting in the meantime im- i
portant cases involving large municipal |
interests. Of late years the Judge had
filled the office , of Court Commissioner, i
under appointment of Judge Ham. He j
had also been attorney for Mrs. £. B.
Hartson in the management of her large j
estate, and had papers in his pocket j
which were perfected yesterday prepara
' tory to pushing a suit for his client in San :
Francisco to-day.
■ Judge Towle was born in Avon, Me., on j
October 6, 1823. He came to California in
1349 and engaged in mining. Later he set- j
tied in Napa and entered upon the prac- '
tice of law. He was a man of command- \
ing presence, but of a quiet and retiring j
disposition. He was never in court unless j
he had business there, was constant in at- ■
tendance upon official duties and when he j '
sought recreation it was in nature's wilds I
with ro*d aid gen. H* was a man of |
strong conviction!", loved his country in- I
tensely and mourned the defeats and re- j
joiced in the victories of the Republican i
party, to which he gave life-long alle
giance.
Judge Towle is survived by a widow, one !
daughter, Mrs. .H. A. Pellet, and a j
nephew. George M. Towle of San Fran- j
Cisco. The funeral will be held to-morrow |
at 3:301 o'clock from the family residence
on Oak street.
GATuaitiAO A.X m<Eyix.
Incoming of Delnjatta to the Irrigation
CongreaM.
PHOENIX, Aeiz., Dec. 12.— This city,
the capital of the Territory of Arizona,
and which hopes ere long to be the capital
of a new State, will entertain next weeK a
large body of distinguished and repre
sentative Americans. The fifth National
Irrigation Congress assembles in regular
session on Tuesday, and the National ex-
ecutive committee as well as the various
local committees are busly engaged upon
the programme ana arrangements for the
gathering and the housing and entertain
ment of the cuests.
There has been a considerable increase
of interest in the subject of irrigation of
recent years, and next week's gathering
promises to oe more largely attended and
the proceedings ol even more interest thau
th c congresses held last year in Alqu
querque and the year before in Denver.
Tha Governors of a majority of the States
and Territories have appointed delegates
at large, whil«* in addition numerous
Boards of Trades, Chambers of Com
nierce and other commercial bodies,
irrigation and agricultural societies, en
gineers' clubs and other organizations
nave designated their representatives.
The proceedings are to cover a period of
three days. Delegates are already begin
ning to arrive. «
Santa. Cru* Damage Suit Deddnd.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 12.— The case
of Scnvani vs. Dondero, for damages,
which ha-* been on trial in the Superior
Court for the last three weeks, resulted in
a verdict for the plaintiff in the sum of
$1000 and cos 8. About two years ago,
while Dondero and his family were at
suj.per, a bullet was fired tnrough his
house and just missed one of his family.
Dondero claimed to have seen Scrivani fire
the shot and had him arrested. Scrivani
was acquitted and subsequently brought
s uit for damages for malicious prosecu
tion. _
Eureka Wins a Suit.
EUREKA. Cal , Dec. 12.— The suit of
George A. Knignt of San Francisco
against the city of Eureka for $5000 at
torney's fees was tried in the Superior
Court here to-day, and ended in a non
suit. The action grew out of damage
suits broueht against the city by Chine-e
who were expelled from the city in 1886.
Knight was employed by 8. M. Buck,
then City Attorney, to assist fn the de
fense. It was held ihat the City Council
had no authority to delegate to Mr. Buck
power to employ additional counsel.
Carton Bondamen Triumph
CARSON, Nsv., Dec. 12.— 1n the United
States court this morning a decision was
r ndered in the case of the bondsmen of J. j
T. Jones, sustaining the demurrer. The
bondsmen were Frank Golden and Jacob
Klein, and the demurrer offered oy their
counsel was to *be effect that the robbery
of the mint was commitied befora the bond j
was given, and that the bond did not go i
into effect prior to its existence. The
court was of the came opinion, and the
plamtiff was given until February 15 in
which to amend the complaint.
Santa Cru* Jurort Diaagrre.
SANTA CRUZ, <al., Dec. 12.— The case
of the People vs. Krilanovitch, accused of
trespa»sing upon inclosed property and
shooting tame quail on the Rancho Refu
gio, resulted in * disagreement of the
jury, and the case has been reset for trial.
•
THE EMFOPIUM.
Such HOLIDAY Displays of Merchandise have never before been gathered together in one store
in the West — in few stores in the world. 1 200 and more people have employment here now.
Kloar A Concert of unusual - v-§w|v;
ry>- interest will be given by *|§m.
±M> ■ the EMPORIUM Orches- >SJ\ J.
yVr/f tra, directed by MR. JOHN J\ SB
|6X«/ MaRQUARDT, Wednes-
vaSst day Evening next. Miss vkwi
bpistk Amanda Cdrcoran, a Dra- fwiM
\jJ»Y( matic Soprano from Austra- Icj y£
ySiii't lia, will sing the aria from ' fSklfa
jfid&t "Drr Freischutz." Miss */r>
• May Tunnison will sing Jw^*
Happy Holiday Suggestions.
At tides in Gold and Solid Silver for Christmas
. Gifts. Jewelry Department First Floor off Rotunda.
s^&' -N . • njovemtnt, stylo ltko
/fffi&X&MK picture and several ]
/r^wfj^Sf///% otliers. Guaranteed for I
WmSmk «ents- is - sizß Gold- five y T'o^
yffll»SaHßni lilpd Watches with S' ? ()
Vuff^lsSl Waltham or Elgin '- ~V ■
V --&iT&?*zSci£ff movement, plain or .
N^^Vgll^ fancy cases, guaran- Al , g^d Gol
teed for five years, opera Chains,
Special Holt- ffljl *J ■l™"* * -, •
Ladles' Chatelaine Watch, day price..... tJpJ-^" Cg^
fine Swiss movement, <iPV»
enameled case In several — —
pr«ity colors, near <ie . t«^i«.> nnlll> j rjolrt
Lis and Lovers' Kno: Gent's Rolled -Gold T ii a _ d ft» R oil** Gold
Fasteners, perfect time- Vest .ham, In dozens Long Opera Chains,
. keeper, guaran- a* "1 Z. of pretty fflj I Cf\ (DM
teed for 2 years.. V 1 O patterns.. »Jpl.OU «JP_L.
SOLID SILVER HOLIDAY NOVELTIES. *
*^ Solid Silver Back Clothes Brush- flft 0.00
Cut-Class Solid Ml- Ql-40 es, holiday price »!>«.< — -
verl op Salve Boxes *$> 1 golirt Silver Back Gents' Hair Q> .00
Brushes <©<->
-% . .. Solid Silver Back Ladles' Hair © -OO
/sf^*£§S£vS?S>'''T><sl« Brushes <i. «J — —
fg^^Jt^^gJi^SU^m (-olid Silver Back Military Hair £>Q. 50
'* Wt * ' Brushes, set of tw0. ...... ..........' t]pC^
* ™fliPPlni w nil ill I Solid silver Back Ladles' Hat SI" 50 !
.■■-,.':....... - . , W-
Ladles' and. Gents' Shell
Combs, with solid <2» 1 .00 Solid Sliver Shoe Buttoners, Cji -OO
silver t0p5......:... «Jp 1 Holiday price. ,; *jpl — -
Krench Brier
so me leather case. .".... O4 — "fe^a^^^ U^^A^iv\.
vlli3SSCs^§fiiS»f*^»fiffls Pearl and Gold Opera Glasses, ffl» r .00
?^^^^^^^^%|^^ggJJ*s- French make, complete with case t^O
(&y>) jv - ' \m>'«T2~&ZZv*m.it'% Leather -mounted Opera 00-50
ifervf+r^KT'' fiSfi.j? Glasses complete with case *$>£■ — - j
Cut Glass, solid silver too, •
vK^"«rilri£/^>>^ Powder Boxes, large size, very CIJfJ-50
I *>J^ji; iFI£/^^ fine, style like picture tlpU
From the Great Toy Store.
f^gff^^^^^f^^rfflli 24c— Soldier Sets. Sword,
24c— Comprising Gun, Cap, Sword,
f\\j\ Epaulettes and Powder Bag.
:\' /&~\\ 1 Ji^^a /^^ I lPl| 49c— Comprising Sword, Gun,- Cap,
SIVGw I Epaulettes and Powder Bag...
i^VlEk Ufp < 3? >c Tlfl *Ij Ef. 65c— White Cap with Gold Trim-
*4 V 3 IIVO Jim ft iwl mings,. Gun, Epaulettes, Sword
ieili 181 $I.9s— Red Cap with Gold Trim-
fp r>^^^^^\/rK Cmm mings. Red Vest with White Cord-
mSfm /i~H I \\ Sff/fsJ ed Trimmings", Nickel - Plated
fH(| f.i\ I/ \ JftL Epaulettes, Sword, Gun and Pow-
« m» /:^yV. ■f^V' tf»B $2.7s— White Cap with Gold Chain
iW^W^^-}>ail ' ancl Go!d Klnish . Red Vest with
«iPI \ A^»"o**#C^A^W II White Corded Trimmings, Gold-
ima Vf?^ y / -';'/?*V*3Ri n Headed Sword, Nickel - Hated
v Wr& ' Vwr\Jb^9i \\ Epaulettes with U. S. in Gold Let-
P\Tl ; ' : '^^wRS3I It '.« rsoll Powder Bag with Golden
FIREMAN'S UNIFORM, 51.50— Red Cap, Vest, Belt jH
and Hatchet. ■  lipTSea
SET ARMOR, $9.50— Consisting of Heavy Nickel- G]||
Plated Helmet with Breast and Back Plate, Epau- v\\m
lettes, Sword and Belt. 'A) »
PIANOS— 39c, 49c, 95c, $1.15, $2.25, $3.25, |!'ii
$6.25, $6.75, $9.75. ti^jsi 1
FOOTBALLS— Heavy India Rubber Footballs— 1 j VTiM
48c, No. 3 65c, No. 4 75c, No. 5 803, No. 6 85c. . rt* j|g! .
DRUMS— 24c, 45c, 74c, 90c, $1.20, $1.45, $3.25 up ■ :l Ui
to $5.50. I -| jl I
Decorated Brass-Frame DRUM 5......... $1-20 «^Jjs*.
11-Inch Real Calfskin Head Wooden-Frame ifv^lSep
DRUMs ....;.-.'..;.......•.'.-....■.;'...-... .51.45 - . xk,, H
A Fu 1 Line of French Nickel DRUMS with I ,-M m
Real Calfskin Head, including the French \\-- J 3 |g
Key Drums .........From $2.50 up t0 55.50 \^\, %Z
Hollow Pyramid BLOCKS, ABC Fairy Story Is§s?idi!sii
I'ictures, etc., per set 9c, 24c, 38c up to 95c jS^^t^l
Solid ALPHABET BLOCKS, in fancy boxes..: . = 'I, js^ | f%i\
.......................15c, 24c, 30c and 60c v c!v QjA\
BROWNIE PICTURE 8L0CK5.......... 65c to $1.15 f'£^sj- Wl
Picture PUZZLE BLOCKS ...'.*.. ..24c t053.00 %QD %&i\
All of the Newest Games at Emporium Trices. ,/^P^^P
Curtains and Cushions.
Decorate your homes for Christmas. For a
charming and appropriate gift to your friends.
Irish Point Lace Curtains - - $ 2.25 Pair
Brussels Lace Curtains - - - ■ 4.50 ; Pair
Tambour Swiss Curtains - - $ 5.00 Pair
Marie Antoinette Curtains - - $10 00 Pair
We bang and drape artistically old or new Lace Curtains- at
prices LOWER than ever.
Down Cushions — Floss Cushions— in almost end! *ss va-
riety, and at prices that will surprise shrewdest buyers.
Linoleum. -
Heavy Linoleum, in good, serviceable qualities and
pleasing patterns. Per yard .............30 Cents
Tapestry Brussels Carpet - 60c Yard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
TT»K EMPORIUM.
The Emporium
. SAN FRANCISCO, December 13, 1896.
-a. Third Advertising Sale.
J||||l TO-MORROW, MONDAY, begin-
W^m ning at 9 A. M., and until all of the lot
j^jjm ' are gone; we will sell, for the purpose
JgglinL. of more thoroughly introducing our
JHH|^ .,/ : splendidly stocked FUR DEPART-
B^^^^^m^ io ° $(5 Fur Capes at $4.95,
Made by skilled Furriers of rich Black Furs — perfect skins
, — length 30 inches — 100-inch sweep — storm collars
|^^^^ffl^ — silk lined throughout— 36, 38, 40, 42 and' 44 BUST
■^y^Mf^ '- MEASURE. Perfect arrangements have been made for
. *\% Jtjlr ' preserving order. The first 100 comers will get the Capes.
THIS IS THE CAPE. • Time will be allowed for inspection and fitting.
50 Additional Capes for Out-of-Town Patrons
Who cannot attend our Advertising Sales. The first 50 orders received by our Mail
Order Department accompanied by the Special Rrice, > $4-9s, will be filled. Only 50
will be sold at the price, so DO NOT DELAY writing if you would be one of the
lucky ones. Send Bast {Measure.
Hand liArrhipfc A superb holiday stock of extra fine
nailllKeiXmei* scallo p ed embroidered Handker-
for HolfriflV chiefs, also » Duchess Lace Hand-
J>-r A lIUHUay , kerchiefs, are now displayed on
blttS. - OUR Tables. As a Special Holiday
Attraction we will sell this week:
275 dozen All-Linen . Embroidered Handkerchiefs, worth
20c each, 20 different designs to select from. Holiday |4C
price at Emporium will be, each...—. .......
485 dozen Strictly Pure Linen Hemstitched Initial Hand-
kerchiefs, hand-embroidered initials at that, the kind you
have been paying 25c for. Holiday sale price at the \"Jq
Emporium will be 98c a box, each .
358 dozen All-Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, with
handsomely embroidered initials, put up in pretty Christmas
boxes; these are an extra fine grade, which have always
sold at $2 a box. The Holiday sale price at the Em- 24C
porium will be $1 40 per box of 6, each—.. ........
Hnlirflav Our array of HOLIDAY HOSIERY has
UllUdy never been equaled in this city— all the latest
fIOSIGrVi novelties at Emporium Low Prices. Here
.. .. / v are our Holiday Specials— there are hundreds
of others: ' •-, •
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton Hose, with
double soles and high-spliced heels; actual value $2 a box,
but the Holiday price at the Emporium will be, per C I fiX
box of 6 pairs..:.... 9. '•"^
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton Hose, either
plain or fancy drop stit.h, with all improvements known to
hosiery manufacturers; actual value $2 50 a box, but the
Holiday price at the Emporium will be, per box of <JJ2 00
6 pair 5............. vp^»w
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Lisle Thread Hose,
double sole and heel, spliced seams, extra elastic tops, actual
value $3, but the Holiday price at the Emporium <liO AR
will be, per box of 6 pair 5........... IUJ
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Italian Silk Hose, extra 1
fine quality, with double heel and toe; the regular value of
this hose is $4 50 a box, but the Holiday price at CO A
the Emporium will be, per box of 6 pair 5............ spsj«^v
Qilk rirfkcc What more acceptable present can one
OIIIV m C3KV ish for than a handsome SILK DRESS?
PflttCrnS Better decide quickly, as such bargains as I
these will not remain on the shelves long.
Monotone Figured Armure, in the latest shad- &I| 7A
ings, Full. Suit of. 15 yard 5.;......;. <*■■•# V
Monotone Figured Gros Grain, 23 inches wide, in the new
metallic effects, very handsome, a Full Dress <j*|#v Krt
Pattern OUS yards f0r.....................:.............. vPIV.sJV
Jacquard \ Figured Taffeta, 22 inches wide, chameleon
effects, latest designs, and also Moire Velours, in the season's
most fashionable shades. 22 inches wide, a Full <L|fi T^L
Dress Pattern for ......................; q>IO./3
These are extra fine goods and exceptional values.
Fancy Figured Armure and Pink and Striped Satin , with Jac-
quard figures, 22 inches wide ; Monotone Figured Gros Grain,
chameleon effect, also the new metallic effects, 23 inches wide;
50 different patterns to choose from, very stylish; / ")/\ f\(\
a Full Dress Pattern of 15 yards for... *4>^U«UU
Holiday Sale Lace Neckwear.
We will inaugurate a tremendous Holiday Clearance of
OUR Latest Novelties in LACE COLLARETTES, BO-
LEROS, RUCHES, etc. We cite the fact that the variety
to select from is unprecedented. r We will sell :
18 dozen Extra. Full Oriental Lace Collarettes, with vel-
vet bands; these should bring $125. * Holiday sale Afip
price this week..............:....................................» UOI
We direct special attention to the Finer Grades, which
have been marked for this week at $1 28, $1 68, $2, 38 and
$2 98 each. • .
Furniture To make the home beautiful— to please any
For Tiff c reci PPent' ent of the gifts— a collection of artistic
rui uiils. furniture, covering acres of floor space, to
choose from. Here's a Lady Disk for Christmas.
This Lady's Desk $7.
j^gtig&^z^y^ 54 aitterent styles
«m!IMS of Ladies' Desks by
Lifljyj ! a^^^^^ y» actual count. No other
T^^^^^^^&^^H solid oak or imitation
W ■ t. y HrePll ers and P'g eon "holes
\a ; Iff jjl inside of — also i
\1 \ II I large drawer. The
■ '-■■■• ■ Ut~ ■■' ■ '■'■' * *- . ,■■-■ ■ ;
",-'■'■■ .....-■■"' ! ' . '.•■■.; : :
TH^ EMFORITTM.
AN IDEAL RAINY-DAY SHOPPING PLACE—
THE EMPORIUM
Holiday Sale Ostrich Feather Boas.
(iW \i c have made some striking price cuts
Jf|w in OUR already LOW Priced choice selec-
> =^^V^£ tion of real OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
sSljr'*^ We have a larger stock to select from than
sfefl^^^" any other two stores combined, and these
'^^^^^^i P * c - S cannot be duplicated :
Mi££. 18-inch Extra Full Double-Feathered Os-
aSzj&'^&SL trich Collarettes, with satin ribbon strings ;
<®ffiS§Wo^wthe «6 kind. Holiday sale price at the
<^^Wa^OlEmponum this week will be C"3 QQ
 'Mnnlßm ;.. . *V*J»*JKJ
\VVV £%£BmL 36-inch Ostrich Feather Boas, made en-
fi tirely of extra long selected feathers, closely
ttv^T wired; the regular $9 quality. <tC fie
Will be sold each y JIOJ
I illimifian We. must not forget the little tots.
Lilliputian Santa Claus would scarcely \ know
Department. wna t to select first from the immense
y assortments on the second floor. Here
are a few suggestive items out of hundreds:
•, New assortments of Infants' Dainty Cream Silk Caps,
24c, 48c, 58c up to $2 50.., . . -
A nice assortment of Children's Eiderdown Cloaks in all
the latest shades, tastily trimmed with Angora and fancy
silk braid ; prices range from $1 18 to $3.
Just received a new assortment of White Dresses and
Fine Nainsook and Lawns; sizes 6 months to 4 years;
trimmed in dainty patterns of embroidery and laces, from 68c
to $3 50.
INFANTS' COMPLETE OUTFITS— AII the necessary
articles, 18 pieces, comprising Flannel Skirts, Pinning Blank,
ets, Bands, Slips, Night Slips, etc., entire outfit for «DX *7A
9 Other Outfits — Better qualities, comprising 26 CT fi£
pieces, at Emporium Price 0f......... '*'■ »v-r
More Elaborate Outfits— Comprising 31 pieces, fclK fa
at Emporium Price of .;.............. CpU.JJf
Dress Patterns in Boxes for Holi-
day Presents.
This season's newest and most stylish shades and color-
ings, all at Emporium Holiday Prices:
Full Suit : Pattern Cheviot Melange and Boucle Suitings,
strictly all wool ; regular price of this Suit Pattern $4-50
is $7 50, but Holiday Price at the Emporium will be M*t«^v
Bourette Checks and Tweed effects, very neat and effec-
tive, strictly all pure wool extra good value at $9 50, but
the Holiday price at the ■: Emporium for a Full <£p» cf|
Dress Pattern will be...............:......... g>J.JV
. Redfern Checks and London Checks, latest designs and
colorings, smooth, stylish ; cloth; a Full Dress &{? sf\
Pattern for ;;:::: VViJV
Silk-mixed Suitings and Raye Suitings, very latest nov-
elties, stylish and serviceable, a Full Dress c>—r tZ{\
Pattern at the Emporium; Holiday Price.............. q>/.3y
Holiday Bargains Cloak Department
p+^ : The; largest stock of Children's
l+h Garments in this city at fair prices
>^Jn£g4f is the every-day showing in the
Suit and Cloak Department. But
Kp^^^^^l here is an extraordinary holiday
lowing in garments for Children
fThe largest well. of Children's
Garments in this city at fair prices
is the every-day showing in the
Suit and Cloak Department. But
here is an extraordinary holiday
showing in garments for Children
and Ladies as well. Best and most
■Mil l\w- useful of holiday gifts.
fill 111 Hll Children's Plaid Dresses, as in picture-
f/tsIM Illuvn several color combinations — velvet re-
InMuM II \\a vers, edged with lace — girls 6to 12
years — very dressy— : $9. <£f- qc»
I •'.'■ ' N0w......... ...... ..................... % J.^'>^
'1 S J§^ ' Empire style Child's ' Jacket— for little
girls 4 to 10 years — all-wool fancy boucle
— red, navy, brown and green— the "Merlin" &A qj»
sleeves— beautifully trimmed— were $6.50. Now... vjVt»"vJ
Ladies' Mixed Tan Covert Cloth Jackets— inlaid velvet col-
lars, cuffs and 2 pockets— very, handsome— were <£q q &
$15. Now:.;^^;.^.».«»».---^-----v-»-»»-r^^T^ # r^-
Eiderdown Dressing Sacks, mottled effect................ $ 1.98
Eiderdown Wrappers, mottled effects .../... a .. $5.95
Brocaded Silk Separate 5kirt5............. .........$ 12.45
Silk-lined Silk Skirts, very elegant. ...t........... $24.75
$14.95 Silk Plush Capes. N0w...................;. $9.95
Swell Corduroy Wai5t5......:......»".......................» $4.50
The flower Section.
Ready for Christmas in this delightful depart-
ment of the EMPORIUM. Christmas Holly (the
genuine English kind), Christmas Trees, Garlands
and Wreaths for home decorations. All at Empo-
rium low prices. ; v^^
Maidenhair Fern— at exclusive florists 75c--at Emporium. .soc I
Palms— s2. so size elsewhere— at Emporium $1.50 •
Palms— sl. size elsewhere— at Emporium $1.25
Crepe Paper or Tinfoil Coyer for the pot and Moss to cover the
earth on eacb Potted Plant we sell. .
THE EMPORIUM.
)Mjtz§f For out-of-town shoppers rtv&A
■■'■tZ/'> ■ ur ener and Holiday vliiN
i>Y^ nDif!? gUe of 20 P a es \F Z.
SVr/t V Ktt on application. Or- \\(G
mM s 4? r HOLIDAY PRES- -Mri '•
ra?KV hIN 1 S should be forwarded \MfM
ifU&fif. at the earliest possible mo- xZ&H
vittril ment, because at this season XsS£
XgjL)k tn e express and railroad fAS^
3ssJh companies are taxed to their J\^*&
%\!|V- utmost capacity and delays J^j / 74
*7\(wi. are apt t0 occur# • *Vf/^^
Clothing Specials for the
Holidays.
f&^ Fine Wahtine Full Dress Suit —
L#. ?j _ silk lined throughout— sleeve lin-
\** J ings white satin— cut in the very
J&ltfpfo^ latest and nobbiest style — perfect
Jalf^^bk fit guaranteed other stores say
mil tW&Hm. *"^ 0 ' ur no a y P r i ce
JBL^^S^ Boys' Short-Pants Reefer Suits,
HHKsKiggr^ in all-wool tan, gray or mixed che-
H^mfi viots — extra wide sailor collar —
|fi§wii|§Sß ■ silk braid trimming on collar and
l^^^^^m cuffs — for boys 4to 10 years — our
hSUHS! regular $4 suit. Now
Hi Hfl One of the handsomest holiday
Ha faS assortments of Smoking Jackets
BS . M and Morning Gowns ever shown
m IP * n *^' s city— stylish German
Ba Woolens, Silks, Corduroys and
Prices from $4.50 to $15.
EXTRA SPECIAL
On Monday, and until sold, we will offer 100
Turkish Toweling or Terry Cloth Bath Robes, in
pretty striped effects, at
$2.45.
j 9 r S5S g& S B&< Holiday Furnishing
■ Things That Men- Like.
:-^Jaj^Si Things That Men Like 1 .
t'lfjaSjßiS&g-.} Exquisite Holiday Neckwear,' put up in
jfyM^MOr^ fancy boxes— four grades, in the newest
WH^wraK " and nobbiest styles. You could select a
• tie blindfold and not make a mistake.
J|'s»wßhßPv The $1.50 grade is especially choice and
\ f|ff^a^|r ! similar Neckwear cannot be bought in any '
mg&B&StR. exclusive haberdasher's store in this city
r**^l|pl^^i Prices range 50c, 75c, $1, $1.25 and
Embroidered Satin Suspenders— all the |i^j^^^ :
newest fancies in . art embroidery— every WT- y^
good grade represented in our assortment > \jgtj vA
— all in fancy colors. • Hr^ i-Kr '
The prices range. 50c, 7 5c, 95c, $1.45, ' |5» ■v?
$1.95, $2.50 and $3.50. H^ i |§i
Heavy Silk Mufflers and Reefers — Hs( •%, ;
white, black or colors— plain or brocaded. ,j yO I |
The prices range from , ' I m M '•'>
yic to $4 Each. |j|p
A handsome line of Colored Border |s§£ &gr ]
Silk Handkerchiefs at the very special jf^; %g$T: %
price of Mnßgßagg \
45c Each. I^P
Pure Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, CjSjlt'/-
-45c and y^c. *mJs£^)
A special line of Lawn Hemstitched Ira^Wl \
Initial Handkerchiefs at . Irln^«t
$2 per Dozen. U^
§ Men's Fine Dogskin Gloves— EMPO-
fsTJH f n RIUM brand— in all the fashionable
Ivf If J\ shades— one clasp,
W |// A\v Men's Dress Kid Gloves, In all colors,
f W roXjV $ '55> $ I - e )° and $2.
iJV \ Men's Castor Gloves, now in such de-
L^_y *%#r Q5C> $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75.
Optical Department.
, s>'£ [^ ■ Premo Cameras, like picture
."-; . , fitgteJJ^-^^&r^ — takes 4x5 photo— time or in-
jjffl£js^§gSSjjSo%M stantaneous exposure. Com-
BfMWm :^J Eastman Kodaks, with roll film
/gSbTTp . WkfflagMj^ f°. r I 2 exposures— takes perfect
«^*cl^nsigll^jSß2My pictures, I^x2 inches— a useful
aaaa^^^^^^^^^^-' and instructive present for a
-^ornir- s^ar-. . . jj O y or a gi r | # ... $5.00 -
Larger size— to take photo 3^x3^........ $8.00
Have you some friend that you would like to give a pair of
Spectacles to for .Christmas? 'Buy an order for the Spectacles.
Have eyes fitted by, OUR expert after Christmas.
Egyptian Bazaar.
In our unique . Egyptian and Turkish Bazaar — second
floor, main aisle — many beautiful and curious articles from
far-away lands are just the gifts for holiday remembrances.
Oriental Hall Lamp. $2, Turkish Coin Spoons 25c, Paper '
Cutters 25c, Turkish Bracelets $1.
C%jf^ An Advertising
>^2^|?^|^ask special.
Beginning at 9 A. M. Monday
\W; and until sold, 200 Turkish
Moonstone Brooches — mounted
. m\ ■on heavy rolled gold — four dif-
: : m J ferent designs — the kinds that
' were $1 ; and $I.so— will be
■ <T^^"**^ ■;• ■25 Cents.
I THE EMPORIUM^
56
SONOMA COUNTY
WINS ITS SUIT
Judge Dougherty Decides
Against Ex- Treasurer
Stofen.
Must Repay Money Alleged to
Have Been Stolen by an
Outlaw.
Sequel to the Sensational Robbery of
the Courthouse Vau't at
Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Dec. 12.— Judge
Dougherty of the Superior Court to-day
rendered a decision in favor of the plaint
iff in the case of Sonoma County vs. P.
N. Stofen and his bondsmen. The action
was brought to recover $SOOO of county
money, alleged to have converted by
Stolen to his own use while serving as
Treasurer of Sonoma County.
It will be remembered that Captain
Slofen was found locked in the vault of
the Treasurer's office one afternoon in De
cember, 1894, and a tray containing $8000
was missing. When released be told how
a tall robber with a club and knife bad
met him at the door of the vault as he
was emerging with the tray of gold and
after niching the county funds had iocked
him in the vault.
The court holds that while robbery is a
good defense, according to a late decision
of the Supreme Court, tbe burden of proof
is upon tbe defendant to prove the rob
bery and this lie has faied to do. The
bondsmen of Captain Stofen were H.
Doyle, A. P. Overton, J. H. Brush, Con
Shea and the late Hollia Hitchcock, a
quintetof Sonoma' s wealthiest men, and it
is quite probable that the legal battle will
be contiuued.
STOCKTON STABBING AFFRAY.
Too Much Liquor Responsible for a
Conflict Between Erstwhile
Friends.
STOCKTON, Cal,, Dec. 12.— The Sunny
South Saloon, just outside the city limits,
was the scene of a knifing affray early last
evening. Morgan W T hite inflicted three
gashes upon a young fellow named Ed
Harding. The two had been friends De
fore the trouble and had been drinking to
gether. The elixir they imbibed seemed
to put Harding in an exuberant mood,
while it had a morose effect upon White.
Harding, for a prank, threw some beer
on White and the latter told him not to
do it again. Notwithstanding the admon
ition the other repeated the beer-throw
ing and White whipped out a pocket
knife and thrice stabbed him.
Harding did not know that he had bee n
stabbed for a few minutes, and when he
did find it out he, together with two
friends, started after White, who had fled
from the pi a^e. The wound d man had
gone but a short distance when the loss of
blood told on him and he had to give up
the* chase. Of the wounds infl.cted one is
quite dangerous, but not faral. It is an
incision in the back, just over the right
kidney. The full length of the blade pene
trated the flesh.
STOCKTON PHYSICIAN PUZZLED.
Witnessed the Seeming Death of a' Baby
and Its Unexpected Revival
Later.
STOCKTC-N, Cal., Dec. 12.— According
to Dr. A. L. Foreman of this city he yes
terday met with a peculiar case wherein
it seemed to him the dead came to life.
The physician says that at about 10:30
o'clock yesterday he was called to the
Gnekow block to attend an infant girl,
not quite four weeks old, whose mother
had given it an overdose of paregoric at 10
o'clock the preceding night. It was still
asleep when the doctor arrived and
despite all he could do to counteract tue
■oporiric it sank lower and lower.
Shortly after 2 o'clock iv the afternoon
the doctor bad a priest called hastily, as
tne babe was apparently breathing its
last. The father came, and while he was
there death seemed to have ended the lit
tle one's suffering?. Ths physician closed
its eyej an>l lips, and they remained closed
for some time.
To the surprise of those at the bedside
the baby suddenly began to move and
opened its eyes. It grew rapidly better
and to-day it was nursing as vigorously as
ever. The father of the babe is Robert
Drewry, an employe in Hale <fc Co. 'a store.
SLOPED TO PORTLAND.
Flight of a San J-raueisco ' Girl With a
Gambler.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 12.— Harry Ellis
of 2506 Fulton street, San Francisco, an
employe at the Ingleside racetrack, ar
rived on the steamer last night in quest of
his 18-year-old married daughter, Beatrice
Kotto, who lately resided with her hus
band at 308 Third street. Ellis says that
Beatrice was married about six months
ago, and to a«sist her husband she worked
in the box-office of the Midway Pl&isance
on Market street. While them employed
she met an alleged gambler, A. M. Stern,
who sometimes changes his vocation to
traveling through the interior selling as
bestos larapwicks. Stern fascinated the
young woman and they eloped on Novem
ber 19.
Ellis a few days ago heard that the
couple were in Portland. To-day he asked
Chief of Police Robertson '. to assist him in
locating his daughter. He says she was
a good girl until she met Stern. Mrs.
Kotto is said to be well known in San
Francisco theatrical circles as an ingenue.
•
TRAGEDY AT SACRAMENTO.
Walter JT. Jtetnnrnnrillt Bndt Hit Life
Off Inhaling Gat.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec 12.— Walter
N. Demaranville, one of the leading
youn<? men of this city, committed suicide
on Thursday night at the house of J. H.
Wiseman by inhaling gas. When lound
a local paper containing an account of the
death of Mrs. Cooper and her daughter in
San Francisco was lvine at his s de. The
body was not discovered until twenty
four liouis after the tragedy as the family
was absent from toe iiuii-e at the time.
The only reason assigned for the act is
alleged family troubles. The young man
had a good position and a wide circle of
friends.
Stoclilon Hcota Organize.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Dec. 12.— Stockton in
former days had one of tiie most prosper
ous Caledonian clubs on the coast. It died
a natural death throu.h want of interest,
bat now an effort is being made to revive
it Local Scots have decided to have au
entertainment here on Hogtnenay, New
Year's eve, and a committee has been ap
pointed to prepare for a rousing old-time
demonstration. A new club is being
formed, the first officers selected being:
Chief, Joseph Fyfe, first chief, C. M.
Wright: second chief (treasurer), J. if.
Welsh; third chief (secrntary), J. R. Ren
nie; fourth chief (financial secretary), J.
H. McLeod; trustees— W. B. Fvfe, James
Allen and John Laurie. There is a. large
Scotch colony here and ttie organization
promises to be a strong one.
SAN TA CLARA CATTLE- THIEVES.
Three Young Men Arrested at San Jose
While Trying to Sell Stolen
Stock.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 12.— Three young
men were arrested in this city this even
ing on a charge of stealing thirteen head
of cattle from the Hyde ranch, owned by
F. A. Hyde, a School Director of San
Francisco. The prisoners are Edward
Moleres, Arthur Pitts and Frank Cherrie.
Moleres is well known to the officers of
the law, as he has served a term of 150
days in the County Jail lor misdemeanor
.embezzlement.
Frank Cherrie, the youngest of the trio,
being but 19 years of age, claims that be
was innocent of any intent to commit a
crime. He says that Moleres told him
that his father had a band of cattle that
he wanted driven to San Jose to sell.
Cherrie was asked by Moleres to help
drive tbe cattle to market, and he agreed
to do so on a promise that he was to re
ceive $1 50 a day for his services.
The cattle were of the "scrub" variety,
Hyde having sold all of his beef cattle a
short time ago. When Moleres and his
companions offered them ior sale to local
butchers suspicion wati arous d, and an
investigation directed by Un er Sheriff
Benson soon followed. Deputy Sheriff
Gardiner went to the corral where the cat
tle had been placed temporarily and in
spected ttie brands, which he recognized
as that oi th<> Hyde ranch. He arrested
Frank Cherrie, and a few hours later
Moleres and Pitts were captured by Chief
of Police Kidward.
Seven Xenrs of Litigation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 12.— After seven
years of litigation Adam Brown has se
cured an excution in a foreclosure suit
against Charlotte D. Rouse for a $1200
mortgage. The case haa been stubbornly
fought and the end is not yet. The mort
gage was executed by G. N. Rouse upon a
power of attorney from his wife. Shortly
alter the couple separated and Mrs. Rouse
repudiated the mortgage atid maintained
it was defective. The plaintiff has secured
judgment three times and the Supreme
Court has granted two new trials. Stiil
another attempt will be made by the de
fendant to get before the Supreme Court.
The execution now issued is for $1728.
Close of the Kirmeni.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 12.— The kirmess
of nations, which has been held during
the week at Turn Verein Hall under the
auspices of the Catholic Ladies', Aid
Society, closed this evening with a tine
programme under the supervision of the
Grecian booth. It was one of the most
successful church entertainments ever
held in this city and was attended by
large crowds of society people during the
entire week. The various booths did a
good business and a handsome sum has
been realized for charities. •
Performed Imaginary Miracle*.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Dec. 12.— William
Flnlgan, 35 years of age, is being held at
the County Jail on a charge of insanity.
He imagines he is an artist of great ability
and possessed of immense wealtb. When
arrested he was standing on a street cor
ner telling a crowd of people about a train
of cars that ran up a telegraph pole.
Lived Altnoßt a Century.
SAN JOSE, Cal, Dec. 12.— Mrs. Maria
Morales, one of the earliest pioneers of
this State, was buried to-day. She was 95
years of age and a native of Sonora, Mex
ico. The deceased had resided in this city
since 1860.
LONPOC DURER HELD.
Stat/e-J>riv6r Miller Mutt Answer for
Hf^ttj£ : - Looting the Mails.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Dec. 12.—
Harry filler, the 17-year-old stage-driver
charged with robbing the Unite! States
mail coach between Los Alamos and
Lompoc, had his examination this after
noon before United Statei Court Com
missioner W. S. May. Miller was held to
answer before the Federal Court of Los
Angeles on the charge of embezzlement
cf mails. Bonds were fixed at $1000, which
he could not furnish. He will be taken to
L/O3 Angeles to-morrow to await the action
of the Federal authorities.
PostoGce Inspector Flint was present
at the preliminary examination this af
ternoon. The witnesses were Deputy
Postmaster Wickenden of Los Alamos,
Postmaster Elkins, of Lompoc, Sneriff
Hicks and Deputy J. N. Saunders of
Lompoc. Miller was not examined and
made no delense.
SAN DIEGO PONEIFICATION
Government Purchaies a Battery Site
on C'oronado Beach.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec 12.— A contract
was closed to-day between the Coronado
Beach Company and the United States
Government for the purchase by the latter
of fifty acres of land one and one-eighth
miles south of Hotel Del Coronado, to be
used for fortification purposes. Bids wii)
b« advertised for at once by Major E. G. B.
Davis, United States Engineer, for con
structing emplacements for a battery of
sixteen mortars, twelve inches in diam
eter, on land. The work will cost $400,000
and be more extensive than the emplace
ments already begun at Ballast Point, at
the entreance to the harbor.
■■ . — i ♦ i m ■
Ogtlbtf Mine Litigation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. VL -Ad
vices have been received by counsel
in the case of the Golden Cross Mining
and Milling Company vs. Jamas Spiers et
ai. that the decision of Judge Pierce deny
ing tbe defendant's motion for a change
of venue to Loi Angeles has been re
versed by the Supreme Court. It is not
believed the reversal will affect the ap
pointment of W. W. Stewart of this city,
as the receiver of the mines at Ogilby in
volved in the action, for tbe appointment
was made by a separate order. Stewart
receives a salary of $CSO a month and is
•jetting about $20,000 a month for the credi
tors of the company.
•*'■ — ■■ v * i
"Tramp* in Jail at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRT7Z, Cal., Dec. 12.— Two
men out of five who were released from
the County Jail yesterday morning con
cluded to try the effect oi District Attor
ney Lindsay's new rule regarding tramps,
which requires the attendance of tbe peo
ple's attorney at trials. The men were
released at 9 o'clock and proceeded to get
drunk. They weie rearrested, and one
was sentenced to thirty days in the
County Jail and the other to ninety days.
This, it is expected, will prove a whole
come lesson to tbe vagrants, and will do
much to lessen tbe tramp evil from which
this community has been suffering for so
long a time.
♦
31rrr*<l Trial Ends »n a Disagreement. \
MERCED, Cal., Dec. 12.— The jury in
the case of Rix Shaver, on trial for the
murder of Eiiner Bowles some months
ago, has disagreed and been discharged.
This was the second trial of the defendant.
The case was given to the jury Friday
evening at 4 o'clock and to-ilay at 1
o'clock the jurors came into court and re
ported a disagreement. Seven were for
murder in toe first degree, one for man
slaughter and four for acquittal.
•
Trail- f-obnon Hallway.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Dec. 12.— The con
tract for the construction of a railroad
from Trail :o Kobson, in British Colum
bi», a distance ot twenty miles, ban been
iet. Tbe road will furnish transportation
for the great mines in t> c boundary dis
trict. It is to be completed by May 1,
1897.
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
SANTA BARBARA
OIL DISCOVERY
Crude Petroleum Struck in
the Mountains Near
Serena.
Bubbles Up From Crevices and
Flows Away in Little
Streams.
Gratifying Results of Prospecting
Work by the Occidental
Company.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 12,— Rumors
of a big strike of oil in Santa Barbara
County in the mountains a few miles
from Serena have been confirmed. The
strike is the result of the work prosecuted
by the Occidental Mining and Petroleum
Company. The rind has been made in a
tunnel run by the company in a deep
gulch in the mountain side. The strike
liberated natural gas in such quantities
that the use of open lamps in tue tunr.el
has been barred, ami after a depth of 400
feet the petroleum bubbles from crevices
and boils up, sending out little streams.
Tde oil-beariiig stratum is thirty feet in
width.
I>ro\rnrd in t.liziibeth J.nke.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 12.— Deputy
Coroner Surumerfield left for Elizabeth
Lake to-night to try recover the body of H.
Rundle, who fell into the lake on Wednes
day. Rundle was in a boat shooting
ducks. He fired at and apparently missed
a liock. Friends on shore heard him shoot
again, and then saw him throw up hia
hands and fall into the water. Whether
he shot himself or not is not known. Par
ties nave oeen dragging tbe lake, but
have not yet recovered the boay.
Naeramrntanm H'in at football.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 12. — The
first game of football between the Wood
land and Sacramento High School teams
was played at Agricultural Park to-day.
It resulted in a victory for Sacramento by
a score of 4to 0. At the call of time at the
end of tna second half the Woodland boys
had the ball within three feet of the goal
line.
Poao IHntriet Litigation.
BAKEKSFIELD, Cal., Dec. 12.—Land
owners in the Poso irrigation district held
a meeting to-day and organized to bring
suit to declare tbe bonds of that district
illegal. There. wa< $500,000 issued and
spent for the construction of works bat no
water has been furnished.
•
Killed at Bernardo.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Dec. 12.— Arthur
Scl.ellenuerg, a boy, was killed at Ber
nardo, north of this city, on Thursday, by
being run over by a road- scraper.
HOMING PIGEONS.
Two Birds That Have Kstabliihed
Records.
The two homing pigeons illustrated
above are the males of two pairs of honune
pigeons owned by John Welch and John
Filmer of this City. Welch's birds were
A Pair of Speedy Birds.
imported from Antwerp, and are from
very old stock. The male is a record
breaker, having flown from Rome to
Antwerp (a distance of 800 miles) Irom 5
A. m. Monday until 12 m. Tuesday. This
fly has never been equaled. Filmer's pair
of homers, though not as high bred, per
haps, as the Welch birds, are far above the
average. The strain originally belonged
to Breeder J. M. Wriebtof Brighton, Ene
land. Fast French Government stock has
since been inbred, and to-day Wright's
Anglo-Franco homer.-, stand pre-eminent.
The male of this pair h also a record
breaker. He flew from Brandenburg on
tbe river Havre, between Magdeburg and
Berlin, Germany, just GOO miles, to the
lufi. in Brighton, England, in 11 hours and
13 minntes. This fly was against a stiff
gale. Yet the bird beat all his previous
and others' times from the same place oy
36 minutes. There are better birds than
these, but they aro not found on the
Pacific Coast.
LIVERPOOL'S GREAT FIRE.
It Cost »Hrly Forty Human Lives
Ihrough a Mad i'auic.
A terrible disaster, causing the loss of
nearly forty Jives, happened on October 11,
1878, at Liverpool, through a sudden panic
aud crush occurring in a crowded music
hall, the Colosseum, in Paradise street,
which was nightly thronged with a com
pany of the poorer classes listening to a
musical performance. About 8:20, as
Fred Coyne was singing a comic song, a
tight took place Jn the corner of the pit
under the gallery. Ti s disturbance in
creased, and those taking part in it could
not be seen from every part of the house.
Some one raised the cry of "Firel" A
great stampede ensued, and a rush was
made to the doors, and in a few minutes
large numbers of people were trampled
under foot, being unable to escape from
the building, tbe doors of which seem at
first to have been closed. There were no
less than six available exists, but the
frightened audience rushed to the one
leading into Paradise street. Aa the free
passage of tbe people there was inter
fered with by an upright in the center I
of the doorway, there was a complete
blocK. Hundreds rushed down from the
gallery, others slid down the pillars on
the heads of those in the pit. The police,
seeing the shrieking crowd trying to
emerge from the buildinjr, endeavored to
persuade them to hold back, but ia vain;
the loss of life would have been greater
had not a policeman cut down a partition
with an ax and thus enlarged the exit.
At lengtn order was restored, and the
people gradually made their way out the
main door, as well as by the other exits;
but the panic, however, though brief in
duration, had done its worst ; in a few min
utes thirty-seven dead and numbers of in
jured persons were carried into the street.
Few bore marks of outward injury, but
their torn clothing showed how severe
had been the struggle; death has resulted
from suffocation. As iast as possible the
injured were placed in cabs and taken to
the Royal Infirmary, amid a scene of preat
excitement. The fire engine and escape
arrived and the firemen, joining with the
police, entered the building to reassure
tne people. The performance was, of
course, stopped, and the building taken
possession of by the police. — Spare Mo
nieuts.
TIPPING GENERAL-SHERID AN.
One of the Many Amusing Stories That
Were Edited Out of His Book.
"General Sheridan had a great deal
more of his memoirs written than ever got
into his book," said a gentleman who was
for a long time officially connected with
the lata general of the army. "Hud he
lived the bouk would have been much
livelier, I assure you. As it waßf the
memoirs were edited by Coionel Stieridan,
Uenerul Sheridan's brother, after his
death, and many of the best things, in my
judgment at least, were for various rea
sons left out. General Sheridan was very
anxious to tell some of tue lunny experi
ences he had after he reached the com
mand of the army, and he had outlined
several of t em just prior to the illness
wnich ended m uts death.
"One of these experiences referred to
the first tip that he received for being
pleasant to a visitor. In the guidebooks
there is a description of the office oi the
general, or, as it is known, the headquar
ters of the army In tbe War Department.
It is stated in connection therewith that
;ne office is generally open for public in
spection, and thai, visitors to the city and
others are welcome to inspect it at all
times, at least during office nours. Once
General Sheridan was very busy prepar
ing or revising some official reports. He
htiii kept the messengers generally sta
tioned at the outer door of his office run
ning around at a rather lively rate to his
various subordinates, and for tiie moment
there was no one at the door, when in
marched a couple of visitors, a respect*
able-looking man and a lady, armed with
their guidebook. The general did not
relish the intrusion very much, but they
did not know it, for he kept steadily at his
work.
"They examined all the pictures on the
walls and gave considerable attention to
a marble bust of the general, which had
just been placed therein, 'so that is Gen
eral Fhii Sberiaan,' said the man to his
wife. 'Well, no one wou.d ever think
tnat man was ever such a fighter as he
was. To me he looks a little top-heavy—
has too much head for his body.' He
made other remark-*, all of wh.ch the
general heard, and ihe effect of them was
to divert his attention from his work.
'How old is Sheridan?' asked the visitor,
indicating for the first time that he no
ticed any one in the room. General Sheri
dan gave him tiie information, and,
thinking that the best way to ci rid of
n is visitors would be to explain to them
hurne-.ily the things of interest in the
room, proceeded to do so. He warmed up
somewhat on some ot them, and his de
scriptions and exjlanations of some of
the portraits, »ar scenes and Indian
curios. blanKets, etc. — there were a num
ber of them then in the room— were ex
tremely interesting.
•The yisitors were appieciative, how
ever, and, as they turned to leave the
room, the man quietly slipped a 25-cent
piece into the general's hand, adding that
they were tbantful for the information
and instruction, and departed. The story
was such a good one that the general told
it on himself, first to his messengers and
afterward to many others. He had in
tended to run it into his memoirs, but it
never eot there. He always spoice of it as
the first time he had received and accepted
a fee for performing a public service." —
Washington Star.
LINCOLN TREE BLOWN DOWN.
It Was Planted by th* Great President
Thirty- Five Years Ago.
'One of tbe sad features of the storm,"
said one of the White House gardeners,
as he was engaged in trimming up the
trees, "was the destruction of the_ Lin
coln tree, which stood nearest the steps
leading from the War, State and Navy
departments to the executive mansion.
It was the end tree of a row, nearly all of
which have been planted by Presidents.
The Lincoln tree was planted a few
months after President Lincoln entered
the White House, and it soon was larger
than other trees many years older.
"ItwasikS size that brought about its
destruction now, for it was tbe only one
in the Presidents' row which was blown
down, though there was sad havoc with
the other trees. There were a number of
persons who asked for limbs of the tree,
and as far as we could we ohliged them.
Though ma^le does not make a good cane,
a number of those who secured limbs said
they intended having canes made for pre
sentation to those who would cherish a
souvenir from Washington, and especially
a cane from the tree planted by Lincoln
himself.
"I have been in the gardens off and on
since Lincoln's days, and I am sure there
was more damage aone by the storm to
tbe trees there that one night than in all
of the thirty-one years combined. We
will keep the stump of the tree, and may
be in lime, for it is strongly rooted, it will
branch out again. In the meantime we
will grow Japanese ivy on tbe trunk." —
Washington Star.
Nearly every English flagship carries
eight and every cruiser four fally qualified
divers, whose duty it is to repair any
damage sustained by the vessel below the
water line, clearing the propellers and re
covering the anchors.
DEATH OF MRS,
ANNIE DONAHUE
The Widow of the Million
aire Railroad Builder
No More.
A Surprise to Her Friends
Though She Had Been 111
Over a Year.
Left a Large Estate Consisting of Rea.
Property and Stocks—Charita
ble and a Sccial Leader.
Mrs. Annie Donahue, wife of the late
millionaire, Peter Donahue, the iron
founder aud builder of the Donahue Rail
road, died at 8:30 o'clock last night after
an illness which had extended over a year.
Nevertheless, her death was a surprise,
for at different periods she so much im
proved that her complete recovery was
anticipated. A new and handsome resi
dence bad been constructed on Pacific
avenue, where bhe expected to dwell per
manently. To this end the furniture and
fixtures of the old mansion at the north
east corner of Bryant and Second streets
had been advertised to be sold at auction
to-morrow*
The funeral will take place from St.
Mary's Cathedral on Tuesday, but tbe hour
is not yet announced. Mrs. Donahue was
the sister of the late ex-Governor John G.
Downey, Mrs. Eleanor Martin of this City
aud Miss Winifred Martin of Baltimore,
and was the stepmother of Baroness yon
Schroeder and the late J. Merryn Dona
hue. J. Downey Harvey and Peter, Wal
ter and Andrew Martin, the latter three
sons of Mrs. Eleanor Martin, are her
nephews.
Mrs. Donahue was 60 years of age and
was a native of Roscommon, Ireland. She
was married to Peter Donahue in 1864. In
November, 1885, Mr. Donahue died, leav
ing an estate worth many millions. He
had begun life as a blacksmith, and ac
quired his wealth witb remarkable rap
idity, The estate consisted of the Dona
hue, or Ban Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad, bonds, stocks, ranches, and a
large amount of very valuable City prop
erty.
This property was afterward divided,
J. Mervyn Donahue and tbe Baroness yon
Schroeder receiving their share. A large
estate, worth up in the millions, was left
to Mrt. Donahue. She has been yery
charitable, giving with a free hand to
entireties and public institutions. She
gave i er half-interest in the property on
Montgomery street, near Sacramento,
formerly the offices of the Donahue rail
road, to Bishop Riordan for a seminary
lor the education of priests. She was also
one of the earliest subscribers to the Val
ley Railroad.
J. Downey Harvey said last night that
the property left by her was large.
"There is the Union foundry," he said,
"and she was one of the largest owners in
the First National Bank. She owned the
Columbia building, on Market street, and
was a heavy owner in the North American
Company, had the residence properties on
Bryant street and on Pacific avenue, and
owned a great deal of other property."
Besides being prominent in private and
public charities she was for years very
conspicuous in society. When Governor
Downey, her brother, occupied the Ex
ecutive office at Sacramento she was the
mistres sof tbe Executive mansion and
was the leader in all social events. John
T. Doyl* has for a good while been the
manager of her estate.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Back Date— a. L., City. The 22d of
March, 1859, fell on a Tuesday.
Thanksgiving Day In '81— A. L., City.
Thanksgiving day in 1881 fell on the 24th of
November.
A Journaxist— D. J. E., City. The corre
spondent referred to in your communication
is by profession a journalist.
Banking-house— J. J., San Jose. Santa Clara
County, Cal. Toere was no banking-house on
Kenrny street in San Francisco ia the year
1875.
■ MACK«r-BENNETT Cable— Andrew, City. The
three cables of the Mackay-Rennett Commer
cial Company were laid in 1884 by the tele
graph ship Faraday.
A Humorous Whiter— B. R. 8., City. If a
pe'Bon is of the opinion that he has the talent
to write tunny sketches of sufficient merit to
•warrrtiit their publication, all he has to do Is
; NEW TO-DAY.'
Where there's
smoke there's
fire
; If there is starch
in baking powder
there is likely some-
thing strong and
perhaps , unwhole-
some to make :up
the leavening
strength.
You can discover
the starch by : pour-
ing on hot water
and see it settle to
the bottom of the
glass. Try this with
Trophy
«3 Tillmana & Bende], Mfx«.
. ; , ITEW I(M>AT-»RT I GOOD* , , '~^JS^b-?-.
v>QOOOOOOO<£3£SSg^>OOOOOOOOOC
I Be On Hand • i
fMONOAY MORNINGf
$ BRIGHT AND EARLY, 10 to 12, X
I TO ATTEND OCR MONSTER SALE! I
6 We offer some great inducements 6
9 for morning trade. Read the lists. The 9
X goods were on exhibition in our big $
<jj> windows. If you did not see them come 6
0 out, you will commend us for our pluck $
9 and enterprise, and you will see a big 9
iSt crowd that appreciates gigantic bar- w
Jl gains when offered. ;.,,. . .]1
1 1 1 - «
I V Black Silk Dress Skirts, $7.56. i|
If Large handsome eleeant designs in figured black silk skirts, perfect fit- . T
°0<» ting and hang beautifully, very full and dressy. You can't match this ooa
I . skirt in the city under |15, if at that. ■ . :.- ••. • v.-v il
Novelty Dress Goods, 25c. j!
• ill I The latest things, the newest designs and the most 'desirable fabrics, jj j
if These goods we would sell easily at 15c to 25c a yard more if it were not "
that they are used to draw a morning crowd. '•' '
II ■ It 1
g Beautiful Dressed Dolls, 50c. g
X They are beautiful, the faces are dreams, ana the dresses and hats from TT
Q head to foot complete are artistic creations. They would be just as O
X great a bargain at $1. We've got an immense stock of Toys and we " I
vJ want to get rid of them. So we take time by the forelock. We'll' guar- \J
A antee to beat any. price quoted by any house on toys. We are more Ay
V than anxious to sell out our toys. " V
0 No. 9 All-Silk and Satin Ribbons, sc. (S
A Just half price. Everybody wants ribbons. Here's an ; opportunity, A
V" We sacrifice the most salable article of the holiday trade. -\*'- v JL
A B=Button Length Real Kid Gloves, $1.25. a
A Our afternoon price is $1 75, and we would not sell a pair after the gone , X
V ' sounds at 12 o'clock for less. If you want to save 50c by coming around . V
A in the forenoon that is your privilege. " V' . Q
X 25c Fast Black Hosiery for 12Jc ; X
Ja '3 \ In plain and ribbed styles. None worth less than 25c  Q
v All=Linen Towels, lpc. " ¥
Cf Hemstitched Huck and knotted fringe damask, towels. Take our word Cr
■ft"'."-'v for it, we would gladly buy 1000 dozen at the price you are offered a rjk
j single towel. .'■ ' ■ '■_' •.;.'.-. ■'.-■ -. - .-■ ... •■:• ' *..'-'-;*?- jF
$WE HAVE AN IMMENSE HOLIDAY STOCK— THE RAIN HAS $
X MARRED lIS SALE- WE WANT TO DISPOSE Of IT, AND X
X WE'LL lULE SUCH PRICES AS LESS PROGRESSIVE X
X MEROHANiS WOULD NOT DREAM UF. ; X
r < MARKET AND TAYLOR STS.
to write some and submit them to such papers
as use that class of literature. If they are
humorous they will be used; if not, they will
be returned or consigned to the waste-basket.
The San Carlos— C. 6., Berkeley, Cal. The
picture by Coulter published in The Call a
few days since is an original one, drawn for
the paper, ana the text surrounding it is ex
planatory thereof.
Turkeys— <T. D., City. Turkeys as a rule sel
dom exceed twenty-four pounds in weight. If
there was one in the East that weighed sixty
four pounds it must, like Mark Twain's famous
jumping irog of Calaveras, have been tilled
with shot.
Christmas on Friday— M. , City. Christmas
has fallen on Friday ia 1801, 1807, 1312,
1818, 1829, 1835, 1840, 1846, 18&7, 1883,
1868,1874,1885.1891, and will fall on Fri
day In 1896, 1903, 1914, 1925, 1931, 1936,
1942. 1953, 1959, 1964, 1970, 1981, 19tf7,
1992 ana 1998.
Heenan and Eaters— J. J. 8., Porterville,
Tulare County, Cal. John C. Heenan and Tom
Sayers foughtat Farnsborough, England, April
17,1800. The height of Heenan was t> feet 2
inches and his weight 190 rounds, while Say
ers' height was 5 feet 8% inches and his
weight 164 pounds.
A Patent— L. K. R., City. Every patent is
sued out of the Patent Office at Washington
contains a grant to the patentee, his heirs or
assigns for the term of seventeen years, of the
exclusive right to make, use and veud the in
vention or discovery throughout the United
States and Territories.
France and Independence—!* K. R., City.
France recognized the independence of the
American Colonies In January, 1778, and on
February of that year France entered into an
alliance, offensive and defensive, with the
American Colonies against Great Britain.
Frai.ce powerfully aided in securing American
independence by troops under Rocnmnbeau
and fleets uudex l-'Kstaign aud DeGrasse.
Thanksgiving Dinner— Mrs. D. S., City.
This department is not aware that any kind
bearied person remembered the unfortunates
at the Pesthouse on Thanksgiving day and
sent them anything for a good dinner on that
day, nor that any one intends to send them a
Christmas cheer. These unfortunates are iso
lated and despised and there is no one to care
lor them.
The S. M. Wiiipple— J. M., City. The steamer
S. M. Whipple was a paddle-wheel steamer,
bnilt in San Francisco in 1866. There was a
calliope, or "steam ptnno," on board. The
steamer was withdrawn from the river and
bay trade in the eiriy eighties, was laid up
for some time in- the vicinity of Tiburon and
finally taken to California City, where it was
broken up.
Two Navies— H. O. E., Eldridge, Sonorfla
County, Gal. Great Britain has a larger navy
than Russia. The former has 577 vessels of
oil kinds in the navy, 6403 guns, 2723 officer!,
49,330 seamen, 390 < fficers 61 marines. 14,360
marines; total active lis;, 66,803; n.ava>' re
serve, 80,000. The laiter Has 256 vessels
1790 guns, 2312 officers, 37,312 seamen, 260
officers oi marines, 2950 inanucs; total active
list, 42,871; naval n. stive. '4s,ooo.
Christmas Presents— a. s., City. In the
matter ot making preaents to young ladle* at
Christmas time, the party intending to make
the presentation should, from his knowledge
of the ladits, iudge for himself what would b«
most acceptable to them. If a young man is
unable to determine what would be rppro
pnaie for or acceptable to a young Udy of his
acquaintance, he ought to cut her acquaint
ance, and it would proDab.y be the best thing
he could do— ior the young lady.
The Right to Vote-a Subscriber, City
There are a number ot States of the Union In
which Individuals may vote without having
resided in the Sute five years. In Maine and
Michigan an elector who has resided iv the
State three months may cast his ballot: in
Minnesota, four months; in Colorado, Idaho,
Indiana, lowa. Kansas, Nebraska, Nevada
Oregon, South Dakota, six months; A nbama
ArkHnsa*. California Connecticut, Delaware
Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Loutsl
ana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Missouri Mon
tana, New Jersey. New York, North Carolina,
Nonh Dakota, O.io, Pennsylvania, South
Carolina .Tennessee, Tex^s, Uuh. Vermont,
\irginiH, Washington, West Virginia, Wiscon
sin and Wyoming, oue year; Mississippi and
Rhode Island, two years.
tffcC Ear
VJ Catarrh
{ and
it ji Throat
Month *
Troubles
Our practice includes every
ailment of humanity, for which
we make a J uniform charge of
$5.00 a month, including all
medicines needed. But we make
a special tyK of the Eye, Ear and
Throat, our long experience and
unparalleled success guarantee-
ing the sufferer superior treat-
ment and a sure cure. Thou-
sands of persons, in every sec-
\ tion of the country, testify to
our skill and universal success.
All
• ..-. ' : ; :. xTL JLJL
Medicines
Free
'We charge nothing for medi-
cines ; neither do we turn you
over to tHe j tender mercies of
the druggists. ' We charge one
uniform fee of $5.00 a month,
and furnisn all medicines.
If you, suffer, come and be
cured. Consultation and advice
FREE. ;If you live 1 at a dis-
tance, write for a. symptom
blank. Treatment by mail guar-
anteed. 
Copelaod Medical Institute,
916 Market Street,
OVER BKAMIBH'S, '
* (Columbian ' Build Ing),
Office boars; 9to 12— 2 to 5— 7to 8."
Sundays and holiday* 10 to 12 only.
■■■?!■■' MJinim Third Floor.# SUNDAY DECEMBER 13. 1896
— j — : — — — —
AMUSEMENTS. 1
Bam>wtj» Theater.— "Moliere' 1 and "Captain
Eob." . ,5.
toi-UMBiA. Tbkatkb— "The Cotton King. *
Morosco'b Opksa-Hotjbk — "The Promised
Land."
Alcazar Thkatek.— "Alabama '
. 1 ivoi.i Opera Hotjbk.- The Brigands."
Obphkum- High-Class Vaudeville.
.New Btjsh-strkkt Theatkr.— "II Po'.iuto,"
Sunday evening December 20-
TMTiMONiAi.Co!fOB;RT-Given to Mr. Wm. H.
Holt, at Grace Church.
it' 1 !*?. C . HOTKB AND XK K ATINf» RISOC. — Dally at
fiaight street, one block east of the Park.
Scxro Baths- Bathing and performances.
• Central Pabk.— Baseball.
. Hopkins' Institute— Winter Exhibition.
Pacific Coast Jock by club.- Races to-morrow
I'Ol,i>kx Uatk Park— Golden Gate Park Band
AUCTION tALI S. '
Py Kaston & Kmjridsk.— Sionday, December
14. Oriental Rugs, at Golden Gate Hall 626 Sutter
street, at 2:80 and 7 -.30 p. M.
By Ei-llivan 4 DoYtK— Tuesday, December 15,
Wagons and Buggies, etc., at 1128 Mission si.,
at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A. J. McCormick is to marry Miss Cora Macy
, of the Vassar quartet.
Probably occasional rain to-diy, says Fore
. • cast Official Hammon. v
' . O'Conneli &. Lewis, ironworker*, have filed a
• petition in Insolvency.
Two new rises of diphtheria were reported to
,'• . the Health Office yesterday.
The Salvation Army will give a Christmas
- dinner to thousands of poor in this City.
Rev. C. W. Henning, a Congregation alist,
.proposes starting a new institutional church.
Anton Gagre has filed a petition in insol
vency. His debts amount to $1648 71; assets
: ftioo.
1 Simon Bcndit has been arrested, charged
with illegally opening letters belonging to
Simon Bcndit has been arrested, charged
with illegally opening letters belonging to
I another.
Bombard F. Fisher, a plumber, died yester
day of lockjaw caused by a slight scratch on
the hand.
Joseph Hamel, despondent over an adverse
decision of the Superior Court, took his life
Friday night.
- -. The Board of Health will ask the Supervisors
.'for anew sewerage system at the City and
'County Hospital.
'•• . A movement is on foot to light Market street,
- from the ferry to Valencia, with three lines of
- electric arc lamps.
• William Broderick's right to the office of
Auditor of this City has been contested by
. William A. Deane.
•The "Women of '96" will hold a bazaar this
■ week at 420 Sutter street to aid the Children's !
Home Finding: Society.
, Business men are being warned by the Po- ,
lice Department to ace lights about their ■
saies to guard against robbers.
Arthur Jackson's second trial for the mur
der oi August Florentine will be set in Judge
Belcher's court next Saturday.
John G. Terrill has fled a suit contesting
(the election of Sidney Hall as State Senator
from t^e Twenty-third Senatorial District.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Cooper and her
daughter, Harriet, will take place from the
First Congregational Church at noon Monday.
Attorney Carroll Cook has taken part as
counsel for the defense in thirty- three murder
trials and none of his clients have been j
hung' d. . •
'". ."■ : The Board of State Prison Directors met at
'■" San Quentin yesterday and decided to recom
mend the Governor to grant pardons to several
. '• convicts.
■ •"•':'. A jury was yesterday impaneled by Coroner '
Hawkins to view the remains of Mrs. Sarah B.
/ and Miss Hauie Cooper. The inquest will be
, • ■' ne.id next week.
" The semi-monthly meeting at track
' ' closed yesterday. The winners were: Rev del
-..- - Tierra, Alvar do. Summertime, Midlight, Hay
- • market and Midlo.' i ,
■ :. . The 'Rival Queens," a fair* operetta, was
-• * Riven at the California Theatdr yesterday in
behalt ot the Woman's Exchange and Relief i
" Society of AJasjeda. < }
tThe Piper-jWen-Goodall Company has pur
chased ma stern v, heel -f teamer Grace iiar:on
and in future she will run between here and j
Vai'.ejo and Mare Island.
" Robert Long, an ex-fruit dealer, was yester- j
day arrested lor representing himself as a
> Government detective and for obtaining {
" money by false pretenses. j
- Julian, Fitzsimmoas' manager, says that he
will prove by a score 01 witnesses to-morrow
that Fltzsimmons was robbed of the purse by
the Long-Green Lawrence gang. •
Mrs. P. J. Raush, who abandoned her child
Friday night, was discharged b/ the Insanity
■" ' "Commissioners yesterday and the child was
sent to Mount St. Joseph Orphan Asylum.
■ George Mitchell, a sailor, on the ship C. H.
Watson, that arrived yesterday from Bremen,
fell from the rigging and broke his left leg,
„ which was attended to at the Receiving Hos
pital.
' • John G. Locke, a student of tie California
• School oi Mechanical Arts, was iound dead in
Golden Gate Park yesterday morning. His
. .mina is supposed to have beentieranged by
study.
The British ship Anglesey and the American
schooner E. K. Wood are now considerably
overdue and reinsurance has been paid on
them. Captains Lewis and Hansen were well
known in San Francisco.
A board of United States army officers will
, meet at the Phelan building to-rsorrow to ar
■ ' range for an athletic contest at the Presidio
."• in which all the troops of the Department of
California may participate.
•*:.* N. S. Win, an attorney, has fllfd a petition
' :- "in the Supreme Court for a writ of mandate to
..•• • compel Governor Budd to appoint two Poiica
'. "' Commissioners to take the places of Com
' : missioners Tobin and Alvord.
' "' Theresa Kaiser has sued John E. Kaiser for
' •••. a divorce on the ground of cruelty, and Jose,
• . pbine D.istugue seeks a legal separation irom
•"• ," Remain Dastugue. her complaint being based
'•'."• on ulleeed habitual intemperance^
" •; In Judge Coffey's court yesterday a letter i
'• ■ written by the late Jcshuu Heniiy was pro- I
duced to show that he knew how to spell j
••fittn," and that he did not riean "fifth" i
■ ;. .'when he wrote "fliteth" in his will.
' Solomon Cohen has petitioned the Superior
Court tor permission to change r.l* name to
Solomon Fisher, for the reason that he has
" borne the name of his stepfather since 1859,
and is generally known by the name of Fisher.
Trie new Fostoffice, which it was promised
would be commenced tde first of November,
k has not yet been begun. The desire of the
I Secretary of the Treasury to leave a good
record of expenditures is assigned as the
reason. M3@feN
Deputy Marshal Johnson o Sausalito
• thought he arrested James C. Dunham, the
• Ban Jose murderer, and brought him to the
' 'City yesterday, but the man proved to be
Charles Coomb 5, ex-librarian of the Cooper
Medical College.
The Board of Health has after hearing the
* evidence in the matter of the recent scandal
at the City and County Hospital. decided to i
' " allow Dr. Stahle to resign. Dr. Gunn, the In- |
. t«rne who carried the nurse down the corri- j
' dor is suspended and will not get his certifi- i
cate until July, which otherwise -he would i
have received this month. The four nurses |
• nave been suspended for one, two, three and
four months, respectively, j
NEW 10-DAT.
For Bilious and Nervous disorders nuch as Wind and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness Fullnosw and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings
of Heat, Loss ol appetite, Shortn«ss of Breath. Costtveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed
■Rleerj Frie fitful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc., when these symptoms
ire caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSK WILL «IVJS RK-
I IKK IN TWKNi'T MIMT;B. This is no fiction. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to
try one box of the s« Pills and th«y will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
pppmtams PILLS taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health.
They pfompt^remove obstructions or irregularities of the system. For a
i WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
fnd . oSsinf with th Boseburt of Health the whol* phy.lcal energy of the human
frame These a*e it,cts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society, and one of the best
£ua°ante«£ to the !*Nerro« and Debilitated is that Beecham'. Pill. hat. the L.rge.t
Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by v". 8. AgenU, B F. ALLEN CO.. 365 Canal St., New
Tori, post paid, upoa receipt of price. Book free upon application. I
NEW STEAMER FOR
THE VALLEJO ROUTE
Purchased by the Piper-
Aden- Goodall Company
Yesterday.
She Will Alternate With the
Sunol in the Opposition
Line.
Two Vessels That Are Long Overdue
Have Been Heavily Reinsured
by the Underwriters.
The members of the Piper-Aden-Good
all Company are jubilant. They have out
witted the Southern Pacific, and in conse
quence General Manager Pryor of the op
position is more than pleased. The rail
road has the call on almost every stern
wbeel steamer in the bay and not one of
them can be chartered without the con
sent of Agent White of the Southern
Pacific. In consequence, competition
where this class of vessel is concerned has
been greatly handicapped.
Latterly the Monticello, Herald and
Sunol have been running to Vallejo and
Mare Island. The Sunol has been carry
ing nearly all the passengers and the Her
ald (the N. P. boat) has been losing
money at the rate of $50 a day. On sev
eral occasions the Monticello has been
hauled off for temporary repairs and a
tue had to be put 'on the run, as no suit
able noat could be secured. A few days*
ago it was found necessary to overhaul
the Sunol. and the company at once be
fan looking for a vessel to take her place,
t was then that Manager Pryor discov
erea 'that almost every stern-wheeler in
the bay had been pre-empted. The Grace
Barton, tied up in Oakland Creek, was for
>ale, however, and the farm at once paid a
deposit on her.
Yesterday the barcain was consum
mated, and in future the stern-wheeler
will fly the house flap of the Piper- Aden-
Goodall Company. The new boat came
over from Oakland Creek yesterday, and
next Tuesday the Sunoi will go on the
ways ior an overhauling. When she is
repaired the company's steamer Hope
■rill be repaired, and me Sunol will make
the daily run to Berkeley. When both
steamers are again in good running order
the Grace Barton will be tied up to await
an emergency. The opposition now has
the htugn on the railroad.
Captain R. Robertson, the well-koown
•hip-owner, has purchased the slood
Witch of the Bay. He will turn her into
a yacht, and when completed she will be
the handsomest craft in her class on the
bay. She draws 2 feet 6 inches forward
and 3 feet alt, and is therefore is a good
boat to cruise in through the sloughs.
Captain Robertson says he can run up in
the«mud at night and have no difficulty
in getting her off next morning. The
Witch of the Bay will be entered in all
this year's regattas, and her owner ex
pects to carry off several champion fla^s.
Captain Swan of the baik Theobald is
once again in town. He brought down a
load of the North Paciric Mining and
Transportation Company's coal from Coal
Harbor, and asserts that the place in the
near future will be a great coal center.
Next season a steamer is to be put on the
route, and Juueau, Sltka, Wrangel and
other Alaskan ports wnl all be supplied
from this point. The Theobald's cargo
has already been sold, but another load
will not come to this port before next
summer.
The British ship Clan Galbraith and the
German ship C. fi. Watjen had an inter
esting race irom Swansea to San Fran
cisco. Both vessels left on the same day,
but the Galbraith managed to beat her
rival into port by twelve hours. They
spoke each other off t c Horn and were in
company near the Farallones. A favorable
wind carried the Englisii ship up near the
tug Active and she was towed in. Twelve
hours later the German ship was picked
up by the tug Reliance and af'.er being
towed in came to an anchor near her rival.
Both are very handsome ships, but neither
of them made a record on the run that can
be "bragged about."
Shipping and insurance men are won
dering what has become of the British
shin Anglesey and the American four
masted schooner E. K. Wood. The for
mer is now out ninety-nine days from
Newcastle, N. S. W., and 15 per cent re
insurance has been paid on her. ('.. ptain
Lewis is known all over the world as a
careful and skilhul navigator.but then the
underwriters are not losing sight of the
fact that the vessel is loaded with the
same class of coal that ;.rouj;bt two ves
sels into this port on fire. The Anglesey
left here two years ago for Deiauoa Bay,
and from there went in ballast to Austra
lia to load coal for San Francisco. She
was chartered to load wheat for England,
but tne charter party expired last week.
The E. K. Wood was from Pu^ret Sound
for 'Tientsin, China, with a load of lum
ber and is now 137 days out. Captain
Hanson was in command, and he bad a
crew of ten men, all ol whom hailed irom
San Francisco.
A lew days ago a sailing vessel arrived
from China ana the captain reported pass
ing through a lot of lumber. He described
it to Captain James Taft, managing owner
of the Wood, and he at once came to the
conclusion that the mark; and numbers
tallied with the deckioad of a schooner.
The chances are that if she is gone the
vessel was caught in a typhoon and went
down with ail bands. Fifty per cent re
insurance is offered, but there are no
takers.
The captain of the C. H. Watjen, al
though beaten by the Clan Galbraith in
the race from Swansea, made a record for
his sliip. The vessel was logging nine
knots an hour when the cry came, ''A
man overboard!" Julius Brunning had
fallen from the royal yard into the ocean
and in the distance he could be seen
swimming after the ship. The big ship
was put about, a boat lowered and in fif
teen minutes Brunning wa: aboard again,
wet through but ready for the horn of old
Schnapps that the captain offered him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
The Stern-Wheel Steamer Grace Barton That the Piper, Aden, Goodall Company Purchased Yes
terday to Alternate With the Sunol on the Vallejo Run. As the Southern Pacific Had
an Option on Almost Every River Steamer Owned in San Francisco, the Company
Was Compelled to Buy in Order to Have a Second Boat in an Emergency.
A NEW SCHEME
TO RAISE MONEY
Robert Long Plays the
Role of a Government
Detective.
He Accuses a -a loon- Keeper of
Passing Counterfeit
N ckels.
Offers to Square the Case on Payment
of $300 and Is Arrested on
Two Charges-
Robert Long was, until recently, in the
fruit business, and the chances are that he
will have cause to bitterly regret that he
did not continue to make an honest living
at it.
He is a man about 38 years of age, with
dark mustache and short side whiskers.
He was poorly dressed, but has a pleasant
and confiding way of talking.
Yesterday morning he called at the
Elite saloon, 611 Mission street, and or
dered a glass of rum and gum from W. J.
Carpmiii, one of the proprietors of the
saloon, who was behind the bar. There
was another customer in the saloon, ana
as soon as he left Long handed Carpmiii
a piece of paper, on which was written in
pencil: "We caught your nickel man,
Johnson, at ne was skipping on the Oak
land boat. What time can you give me
an interview?" The note was wriiten on
a piece of paper bearing at its head the
designation, "Office of Assistant Treas
urer, U. S."
Carponll was astonished and asked Long
what he meant. Long whispered some
tiling to him across the bar, but as Caru
mill could not catch what be said he
stepped from behind the bar and came
close up to Long. Then Long handed
him another note, written in pencil on
pacer headed, "Brooklyn Hotel." This
note read : "We caugnt your nickel man
as he was skipping on me Oakland boat
this inorning. You know what thut
means with the evidence I have against
you."
Carpmiii was alarmed and insisted upon
an explanation. Long said he was a gov
ernment detective and was after men who
were passing counterfeit nickles. He had
been informed that counterfeit uickles had
been passed in the Elite Saloon, and he
wanted possession of all the nickels that
were in the till. Carpmiii denied passing
any counterfeits and said if any had come
from his saloon they had been given in by
customers.
Long insisted upon getting all the
nickels and Carpmiii, believing that he
was a detective, emptied the till and gave
him twelve or thirteen, all new ones.
Long put the coins in an envelope, which
he sealed and marked as an exhibit. He
then told Carpmiii that he wonld return
and arrest him.
Just as he was leaving the saloon Lone
turned and said to Carpmiii, who had fol
lowed him: "I don't want to be too hard
on you. Now if you will pay me $300 1
will destroy thejnickels and say nothing
more about it. 1 have done the same
thing in other cases, so you can think
over my proposal and lev me know when I
return to arrest you." Then he walked
away.
When Car r mill's partner, J. W. Thomp
son, came to the saloon Carpmiii told him
of Long's visit and what he had done and
offered to do. Thompson was as much
surprised aa Carpmiii, and asked him,
"Did you make the detective show his
star?"
"I never thought of it," replied Carp
mill.
"That's the first thing I would have
done," said Thompson. "I believe he is a
fraud."
Long returned wh'ie the two were in
the saloon and Thompson immediately
asked him to show his star. Long replied
that he was in the secret service and did
not need a star. Thompson denounced
him as a swindler and told Carpmiii to
keep an eye upon him till he went for a
policeman.
As soon as Thompson left Long ran out
of the saloon and carpmiii pursued him.
He overtook him on Second street and
held him till Policeman J. F. Murphy ap
peared. Long was taken to police head
quarters and thoroughly searched. About
$2 in silver were found in his pocket and
lour new nickels, which Carpmiii identi
fied as part of the lot he gave Long in the
morning.
Long was taken to the City Prison and
charges of impersonating an officer and
obtaining money by false pretense* were
booked against him.
Long did not deny being in the saloon,
but denied representing himself as a de
tective ana getting the nickels. He said
he has a wife and family, but refused to
te 1 where they lived His papers would
indicate that he either lived in San Rafael
or Peialuma.
MASTEE MARINERS' BALL.
Jolly Jack Tan and Their Fricndg,
i.iijoy Themselves.
The Master Mariners' Benevolent Asso
ciation last evening gave a ball at Califor
nia Hall, which was tastefully decorated
for the occasion. The affair was a success.
The committees in charge were: Com
mittee of arrangements— A. P. Lorentzen,
J. J. Haviside, M. Olsen, V D. Cook, John
Erickson, C. G. Akmann, George W. Iver
sen, N. C. Lr.rsen, Albert Nelson; recep
tion committee— N. C. Larten, J. J. Hay
iside, George W. Iverson, H. C. Jensen;
floor manager, A. P. Lorentzen; floor com
mittee— ('. D. Cook, iM. Oi&en, C. G. Ak
mann, Edward Henrix, Peter Demings.
THIRTY-THISD MURDER TRIAL.
Carroll Cook Scores That Number With
the Jackson Cane and No Hanging.
The cas^ of Arthur Jackson, charged
with the murder ot August Florentine, in
which the jury failed to agree, was called
in Judge Belc er's court yesterday morn
ing for further proceedings.
It was ordered that the matter be post
poned until next Saturday, the 19th inst.,
at which time it is expected that the date
of the next trial will be faxed. In view of
the importance of the case it is not con
sidered practical to pet through with an
other trial before Ibe close of the present
year, and as Judge Belcher is to take up
civil cases, beginning next month, the
case will naturally go to some other de
rartment.
Attorney Carroll Cook, principal coun
sel for the defense, will ascend the
Superior Court bench on the first Monday
of January, and as he will be disqualified
to try Jackson because of his connection
with tne case, the trial will fall to Judge
Wallace or to Frank H. Dunne, who is
also to be installed as Superior Court
Judge in January and who is to take up
one of the criminal calendars. This is the
usual rule, it being understood that the
Judges last elected snail begin their judi
cial work with oriminal cases. Judge
Wallace is a voluntary exception to this
rule, bis calendar being a mixture of civil
and criminal business, the criminal pre
dominating, but in no case including di
vorce matters.
Jackson has expressed regret that the
election of Carroll Cook to the bench will
deprive him of that gentleman's services
at his coming trial. The Jackson case is
Mr. Cook's thirty-third murder trial, and
none of his clients have ever been called
on to face the hangman, though a few of
them are in retirement at San Quentin.
STRONG MEN CONTEST.
Max Fninfr Succnrub* to a Muscular
Mao Fiom Sweden.
Max Fenner, a strong man of local
fame, and August W. Johnson of Sweden
engaged in a lifting contest at the ban
Francisco Turn Verein Hall last evening.
Tbe contest was announced to be for a
purse of $500, each man to perform five
feats.
Johnson won the bout by one point.
He showed superior skill, while Fenner
excelled in feats where strength only was
required. Ueorge Miehling of the Olym
pic Club acted as referee.
Previous to the weight-lifting H. Lun
din and Jack Stelzner gave a three-round
boxing exhibition.
A NEW PLAN IN MEDICAL PRAC
TICE.
A Method That Is Dignified and Deserv
edly Popular.
Considering that it has been extraor
dinarily successful in the treatment of
catarrh and throat trouble?, it may be
safely said that the Copeland Medical In
stitute is without a rival in that impor
tant branch of the medical profession.
With none of the deceptive allurements
of sensational advertise s, the Copeland
Institute is thoroughly reliable and very
popular, with its plan of treating diseases
for $5 per month and furnishing all medi
cines free. *
Meeting of Hibernians.
In Ancient Order of Hibernian circles there
is great activity at present. Every division is
adding to its roll. Before a year is over the
officers expect to add several thousand new
members in this State. There will be several
open aieetintrs in the near future. This
afternoon at Odd Fellows' Hall the Ladies'
Auxiliary wi'l have an important open meet
ing and a very fine literary and musical pro
gramme. There will be patriotic addresses by
Colonel O' Byrne, Dr. Thomas Galvan and
others, and singing by Miss Black, Miss Neeb,
William Hlnes, W. W. Finnle and other promi
nent ladies and gentlemen. Great prepara
tions have been made by the ladies for this,
their first open meeting, and they expect it
will be very successful. Next Wednesday even-
Ing at Metropolitan Temple there will be a
grand reunion of all the City divisions. The
hall will no doubt be crowded. The programme
for this has been arranged with great care
and will be exceptionally good. The best lit
erary and musical talent has been engaged so
that the exercises will be a treat to the audi
ence. James R. Kelly, president of the Hibernia
Bank, will deliver the address.
Musicians Klerted.
At an election of the Musicians' Mutnal Pro
tective Union Ot San Francisco, held last
merit, the following officers were elected for
1897: F. Delleplane, president; E. Rosner,
vice-president; a Davis, secretary; T. Eis
feidt, treasurer; I. Franck, B. Jaulus, J. Stross,
trustees; Harry Bell, C. Caspari, M. Davis, A.
Gutman, L. Lauser, C. C. Henke, A. Logan, J.
Valerga, executive committee; W. Tiskbein,
sergeant-at-arms; W. H. Colverd, M. Mahood,
R. Uhlig, L. N. Ritzau, A. Spadina, examining
committee; J. Bauman, C. Heinsen, J. Liebert,
auditing committee^
Hay Barn Burned.
A hay barn, the property of Charles Healy,
situ ated on Valencia street, opposite St
Luke'i Hospital, was consumed by fire last
night about 11 o'c oi;k. An alarm was turned,
in irom box 284. The cause of the nre is un
known. The ions was about $300.
NEW TO-DAT
Your grocer is our agent
—he sells you Schilling's
Best tea, and pays your
money back if you don't
like it.
It is a good agency —
too good to give to one
grocer, or even to a few.
k Schilling & Company
San Fraacisc* UO
KEEPING HIS
RECORD BRIGHT
Why San Francisco's New
Postoffice Was Not
Begun.
Secretary of the Treasury
Anxious to Retire
Gloriously.
Patient People of this City Have
Waited Twenty Years, and
Still Hope.
Some day the people of San Francisco
will point with pride to the handsome
Postoffice structure at the corner of Sey
enth and Mission streets. That much is
reasonably certain, for it is written in the
Records of Congress and confirmed by the
copious promises of all Kinds and condi
tions of lofty powers.
But when ? That is the poser that is be
ginning to disturb local patriots. There
have been delays and postponements
galore on this proposition, but always
before on what looked like logical, or at
least tangible, excuses. There were all
sorts of unlooked-for difficulties attending
the purchase of the lot, and then after its
purchase a competent engineer and an
able corps ol assistants* started in to probe
the Mission-street property for a bottom.
'They claimed to have found everything
lovely and then nothing seemed in the
way of the immediate institution of pro
ceedings.
"On the Ist of November," said the
powers that be, "the new Postoffice will
certainly be commenced." The Ist of
November is long since past. The powers
that promised are, many of them, nearine
the hour of their valedictory, but the vir
gin soil at Seventh and Market street, save
for the shovels of the prospectors for
foundation, remains undisturbed.
Secretary D. S. Richardson of the local
Postoffice declared himself as much in the
dark as any citizen in regard to the mat
A Funny Idea
Perhaps you WANT to pay more,
but WE never asked but $3 for
this rocker— "7so Mission - st.
price" all the time, holiday! and
other days.
Oak, Curly Birch or Mahogany,
Cobbler seat; large and roomy;
elegant designs.
We're glad to show our goods—
and it's little trouble to come one
block from Market st.
Carpets in a separate building.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
SUTROJ3ATHS.
TUG-OF^WAR.
OBKATMt' CO TKST OF THE TEAR.
AN I t- KNATION vL AFFAIR.
STRENGTH AMD MJSKIT TO WIN.
NATIONS KJEPRKSKNTtD.
England, Ireland. Scotland, Germany. Italr,
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Portugal, Slavonla,
Canada and United States. All the teams will pull
at each periormance. Two afternoons, Sundays,
December 13 ana 20: seveu nights, December 13
to 19 inclusive. General admission, 25c: reserved
s ats, 50c.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 11 P- M.
Concert Kv«ry Afternoon and Saturday
and Sunday Kvenings.
Admission— Adults 10c, I liilUreu jo. ;
NEW TO-DAY. :.
7 ■ ■ - ■ "
II The Same : : ■ #
9 v ' Y\lA C -'•it @
H Old Sarsaparilla. §
HP . ' That's AVer's. The same old sarsaparilla as it was HP
/pgSj. made and sold 50 years ago. In the laboratory it is /^v
I^P different. There modern appliances lend speed to skill |f|l/
and experience. But, the ago. In the laboratory it /^v
different. There modern appliances lend speed to skill |f|J
and experience. But the sarsaparilla is the same old
(mm sarsaparilla that made the record— years of cures, (mm
Why don't we better it? Well, we're much in the s^ f
Mm. condition of the Bishop and the raspberry: "Doubt- (^k
less," he said, , "God might have : made a better berry. ~ *^/
But doubtless, also. He never did." Why don't we /^\
lip. better the sarsaparilla? We can't. We are using the (Hp
same old plant that cured the Indians and the j^.
HIP Spaniards. It has not been bettered. And since we |||pa
make sarsaparilla compound out of sarsaparilla plant,
/fill we see no way of improvement. Of course, if we were (^\
\^/ making some secret chemical compound, we might .... \§H/
/^s> But we're not, We're making the same old sarsaparilla /£p^
I|P to cure the same old diseases. You can tell it's the WM
§But we're not. We're making the same sarsaparilla /^|S\
to cure the same old diseases. You can tell it's the Wm
same old sarsaparilla because it works the same
CfH ' old cures. It's the sovereign blood purilier,- and «||||
— it's jLyer*Bi
ter, and he spoke for Postmaster Mc-
Coppin also, who is ill at present.
"Several times," he s=aid, "they have
forwarded us plans asking us to block out
what we considered necessary for our
work. We have done so with alacrity.
Then we would near nothing more of the
matter until plans were again forwarded
to us. We have no intimation of what the
intentions of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who has charge of the appropriation, may
be.
"The citizens have waited for this build
ing until they are sick and tired and will
be satisfied with no explanation of delay.
"Though we have no knowledge of the
cause of the piesent delay we can, of
course, surmise. I believe it is due to Ihe
desire of the Secretary of the Treasury to
leave as good a s owing behind as rossi
ble. For this reason he is cutting off ex
pense wherever possible. It will ba a
matter of considerable outiay making the
plans and I suppose the Secretary hopes
to «aye that money during his term.
"It is now nearly twenty years since the
prominent men of San Francisco com
A'EW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
ACCEPTABLE
HOLIDAY GIFTS!
LADIES' Feather Boas anil Collarettes
From 98c to $16.50.
NOVELTY NECKWEAR AND RUFFS,
BLACK. CRHAH AND COLORS, from $1 to $9.
LACE HANDKERCHIEFS,
FROn I2V-ac to $6.50.
POCKETBOOKS,
FROM 25c to $7.
SHOPPING BAGS,
FROn 35c to $4 50.
EMPIRE FANS,
FROM $1 to $8.
Ladies' Embroidered, Scalloped and
HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
FROn 8c to $1.50.
Ladies' Initialed Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS,
H6 IN BOX, AT SI, ; $1.25 and $1.50 PER BOX.
M^X|p flEJSfiff"**^^3j!^S?^^ AH shades now in stock, embroidered backs,
*• /^^^^^^^ *■ - every pair warranted, &3..00
"PEERLESS KID GLOVES,"
FULL ASSORTMENTS, &X.SO
WORSTED SHAWLS,
, NEW DESIGNS, ALL COLORS-85C, $1.50. $2, $2.50 and $3.50.
SILK MUFFLERS AND REEFERS,
HbHSTITCriED, at $1.50. $2, $2.25 and $2.50. EfIBROIDERED, $3 to $4.50.
EMBROIDERED SUSPENDERS,
v 60c to $5. . .
Initial HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
6 in Box, at $1 and $1.25 per Box.
Silk Initial HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
. j, / At 25c, 33% c and 50c.
For Home Deooration-
'**■ HANDSOrib TAPESTRY TABLt COVERS, $2.50 to $4.
HANDSOME TAPESTRY PORTIERES,
At $2.50 per Pair. Other grades $3, $3.50, $4 and $5.
FANCY LINEN TABLE SQUARES,
Scarfs, Doylies, Tray Cloths, etc., stamped, plain and embroidered, in endless variety,
. "V . r -. :. 25c to $10.
CUSHIONS, FANCY PILLOWS. BUREAU SETS, TOILET SETS, HANDKERCHIEF AND
• OLOVE BOXES. NECKTIE CASES, ETC., at POPULAR PRICES.
TWILLED SILK UMBRELLAS,
Steel roils at $1.35. / Other styles, 85c to $7.
OPEN VBNINO3 UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
107-109 POiT ST. AND 1220-1222-1224 MARKET ST.
GROCERY SPECIAL,
Sugar, Granulated, MM)- ft sacks.... $4 90
Tea, extra mixed, 6-Ib can....'. 1 HO
Coffee, Java blend. 5-lb can '.. 1 00
Baking Powder. rthJtar, 5-lb can.......... '16
Baking Powder, llbcan.lortrial. 20
Corn Starch. tood- quality, doz... 6
tu^ar Corn, good quality, doz... .' 90
S>ug*r Ppas, d0z......"..:.:........:..". .../..".... 1 CO
Sui;« Peas, gallon '-?■■ «'"z. '...'....... ;."4 60
String B'-nns, gniloi. cam, d0z............ 85
String Beans, cans, t. „ ...... '............; 350
Coal Oil, case, 10 gallons, .North 5tar.'....:.'... 2 00
Hams, R. C. * Siandard Brand, per tt>.:. ...".'. " 12
Bacon, ir-11 Ex, per 1b::."... .;........... . ....'. ' 12
Oysters, 2- Ib cans, kood quality ............... 175
U/sters. 1 !b. JicMurr.j-'s, cloz. 103
Sardines, Chancprenne', doz .'....;...;.y.\vr... 45
Sardines,- KUens imported, doz... ..'.'.. ...r;... : t>o
Sardines, Trefavenne, doz.tr.T.-.^tTrr.Trr.T.; : 130
Tomatoes, L'l.ij King W0r5e....... :...........„ 70
Tomatoes, - Va gallons, Kin',- M0r5e........... 2 15
Kief, 4-4Va ami best quality, per lb .......... 5
Mushroom* per doz :.."...... ...... ...".'...;..•".: 200
GtODS SOLD IN QUANTITY.
;; REID'S CASH STORE.
- . (INCORPORATED.)
126-128 Clay Street.
menced agitating for a new Pcsloffice.
When they succeeded in getting the ap
propriation they felt rejoiced, but the de
lays since then have been aggravating.
First there was the trouble over the pur
chflse of the property. Then the engi
nee:s commenced to search with tubes to
see about the foundation. That mattor
settled tl»ere is now another delay. Of
that we havt no knowledge, we can only
guess."
Daniel Shea* Death.
After making a full investigation into the
drowning of Daniel Shea, whose body was
found in Channel CreeK, near the Fourth
street bridge, on the afternoon of December 4,
Detective | Dtilon has reported to Chief Crow
ley that in his opinion Shea fell into the bay
while under the influence «1 liquor. Shea
came here about a mouth ago from Mendocino
County- and was last seen on November 23,
g. ing toward the Fourth-s,treet bridge. When
the body was found thure was a wound on tha
forehead, which > led to a suspicion of foal
play, but it is believed it was inflicted by
Shea striking against the woodwork of tha
bridge in falling.
AD. KOCOUR,
FASHIONABLE
; FURRIER. -^
'■•< Formerly cotter with Re vlllon Freres, • Parts,
London and New York. "■;■;. ...
':',"'. S^.3BC©a,i'aEi.3r,.Sti*©©t," j
- , '; . ■; "Upstairs— Opposite Chronicle.
78
SOCIETY'S ADIEU
TO THE HORSES
Brilliant Finale of the
Equine Show in the
Pavilion.
Swelldom T rongs the Seats to
See and Bs Seen Around
the Ring
As a Social Event the Exhibition Was
a Pronounced Success and the
Steeds Were Goo l .
When the show opened in the mornine:
there was a fair attendance of spectators,
though most of those present were in
some way interested in horses or rigs.
The earlier events oi the day kept things
moving and included various classes that
were filled and keenly competed for.
The first class to be judged was 14 on
the catalogue— horses three years old and
over and shown fo wacon or harness. The
entries were: E. W. A. Waterhouse's
chestnut stallion Quicksilver Junior, J. P.
Dunn's bay celdint: Hailstorm, John Par
rott's gray mare. Twilight, Melville
Schweitzer's bay gelding Aleck. Herbert
Levy's brown mare Hermia, Frank Gor
man's chestnut gelding Colonial, J. C.
Kirkpatrick's black mare Azalia, Charles
F. Hanlon's bay gelding Fred, Frank H.
Burke'? jrray mare Edie, A. B. Sprecfeels'
chestnut gelding A. B. Wilkes, Agnew
stock farm's chestnut pelding Tommy
Down, Andrew McDowell's gray Gelding
Caryie Came. W. S. Hobart's chestnut
mare Hazel Wilkes and black mare Mat
tie Merrill, W. H. Vioget's brown stallion
Will Nutling, H. E. Wise's bay mare
Madera and A. B. Spreckels' bay gelding
Grove A. The blue ribbon went to Mr.
Hobart's Hazel Wilkes, the red ribbon to
Mr. McDowell's Caryie Came, the white
ribbon to the Agnew stock farm's Tommy
Dawn and the yellow ribbon to Mr. Kirk
patrick's Azalia.
The next events were judging one coach
ing stallion and two coaching stallions in
class 30 and 31, in which George B. Sperry's
imn. Young Adonis with two colts and
one filly won a first prize. In the next
class the same horse eot another blue rib
bon. Nonpareil, exhibited by J. S. McCue,
won second prize.
Two pony tandems competed in class
64 A for prizes. They were limited to 14
hands 2 inches, and W. S. Hobart won
first prize against Mrs. C. H. Leadbetter
Jr.'s team that got the second prize.
George A. Pope's handsome chestnut
horse Arlington was taken sick and had
to be scratched in all the classes in which
he was entered, so he was out of class 47
for the best hiijh-stepper 15 hands 2 inches
and over. The considerations in this class
were s ; yle, conformation and action, and
the horses had to be shown before appro
priate two- wheeled vehicles. It proved
to be the event cf the morning. Walter
Hobart had Peacock, Paragon, Madison
Square, Monarch and The Czar in against
Pcpe's solitary Sweetheart. Hobart's
horses in this contest won many prizes,
and it was generally believed that the
crack horse Madison Square would carry
off the blue ribbon. But the judges, who
knew their business, thought differently,
for Pope took the blue ribbon with Sweet
heart. The Czar got second prize, Mon
arch third and Paragon was highly com
mended.
The performance of professional coach
men driving pairs of horses closed the
mornine's programme. Only three coach
men entered out of the many in and. near
San Francisco: Joseph Dyer, driver for C.
A. Baldwin; Peter McKenna, coachman
for G. A. Pope, and John Carroll, coach
man for Henry J. Crocker. Dyer was an
ideal in the box, stiff and haughty and
Equus Rex Abdicates in a Blaze
of Glory.
tha correct thine, don't you know— eyes
ahead, a rod down his back and arms in
hidden splints. At least it looked like
that arrangement, and he won the prize.
McKenna won the second prize and Car
roll the third. W. S. Hobart's head man,
Fred Rockett, turned up his nose at the
performance.
"McKenna, 'c hain't the 'cad coachman
for Mr. Pope: 'c's honly the driver for
Mrs. Pope," Fred explained with an air
of ennui. "Really, you know, Hi couldn't
enter against 'im. 'Ad Mr. Pope's 'cad
man gone in, Hid be in, too."
Etiquette is everything nowadays, and
the head coachman, who won't take the
lines until he pulls up his gloves, is up to
date on ethics.
The third annual horse show closed last
night in the usual "blaze of glory. " Henry
Crocker, the president, was all smiles,
which incidentally led another officer of
the association to remark that so much
smiling gave him a cold. Everybody con
nected with the management was de
lighted, and especially so because the end
was the most brilliant part of the show.
The seating capacity of the Pavilion as
arranged for this occasion was taxed to its
utmost last night, when, in spite of tne
storm, all swelldom turned out, and with
it tne crowds that paid fancy prices for
chain off in the background. It was a
striking scene under the lights wheu the
show was at its height. All around the
ring was a moving mass of ladies and
t*»eir escorts, the ladies in appropriate
gowns, and behind were the boxes, every
one of them packed with fashionable
people.
Still further back were the tiers of seats
crowded with a select share cf the local
population. There, too, evening dress
and elegant costumes were in order, and
everywhere an air of superiority was
apparent.
The ring itself— well, it was the ring in
the horse show. Otherwise it was not
startling, except when some novelties
were introduced. It was simply a show
by a few men, wilh an occasional out
sider by way of variety. Still society
sealed it with the seal of approval and the
horse show was the tiling.
The rain and the murky atmosphere did
not deter the ladies from attending the
show in the afternoon, and of course such
considerations never once entered into the
minds of the sterner sex that for the last
tew days divided its admiration in un
known proportions at the Pavilion. The
boxes were mostly occupied, and the little
ones with overweening ambitions to nos
sess ponies, or at least a pony like Tad
pole, crowded every available spot round
the ring. And as ior the rows of r served
seals in the rear, they were comfortably
filled and even tbe galleries had a fair
share of spectators. This was interesting
to nee while the rain rattled mightily on
the roof.
Promptly on time four horses in harness
were judged in class 35. Half of the en
tries were scratched. This class was for
mares or geldings 15 hands 1 inch and
under 15 hands 3 inches, suitable for road
work in gig or dog cart. W. S. Hobart's
Peacock won the blue ribbon, George A.
Pope's Arsenal got the second prize, Ho-
"Now, if I only had old Doblin
here Fd show them fellers a
hoss what is a hoss."
bart's The Sid got third and Henry J.
Crocker's Dorothy was highly com
mended.
Racing ponies were jndged iv class 74a,
which next appeared iv the ring. This
was entirely Hobart's affair. The leading
young horseman had his ponies in parade
and took first prize with Gold Coin, sec
ond with Comanche, third with Doc Teyis
and tne nighiy commended rosette with
Brandy. Mr. Breden showed his Texas
Sittings, but merely showed him.
The spectators were treated to a view of
the horses entered lor exhibition and had
an opportunity to compare notes oi the
different swell steeds that passed around
on parade.
Class 34, which followed, included pairs
of mares or geldings 14 handy 1 inch and
under 15 hands 1 inch. They were just
the right Kind for u*e on roads in phaefons
or like vehicles. W. S. Hobart took the
blue ribbon again, this time on Pride and
Prejudice, two handsome bays, and George
A. Pope got second prize on Romulus and
Remus, while the house declared by its
applause that his pair was the prettier and
nicer in this particular class. After the
ribbons were awarded the twe teams drove
round the ring, but Pope's received the
decision of the house. More than one of
the old and well-qualilied judges of horses,
outside the ring, admitted it.
There was nearly a half hour to spare,
and little Tadpole was brought into the
ring for an exhibition of jumping. He
cleared five-foot hurdles witnout a rider,
whereat ev«ry little boy and girl in the
boxes exclaimed, "I must have a pony!"
Then it was the proper thing for children
to seek Tadpole and — '"just pat him" in
his stall. Texas Sittings and Huntress en
tertained the house by clearing hurdles in
graceful style until it'was time to call the
driving trotters judged in class 13.
There were three horses entered —
Owyhee, by John F. Boyd of Oakwood
Park, J H C, by William H. Vioget of
Lawrence, Santa Clara County, and Gen
eral Barnes, by the Aenew stock farm,
Hillsdale. These Horses were awarded
prizes respectively as named.
The grand event of the afternoon was
the contest in class 58a for the best per
formance of an amateur in driving a four
in-hand through obstacles. Henry Crocker
tooted bis four dashing bays, JosSph D.
Grant was in the ring with his elegantly
appointed rig and bis four little beauties,
C. A. Baldwin with his dignified four and
the yellow and blacfc break ana W. 8.
Hobart with a picked team of prize
winners competed. The test was severe.
Each competitor handled his own team,
but only Mr. Grant went through in good
style. He picked up his horses and trotted
through the obstacles without drawing in
the lines. Mr. Crocker got safely through
the pedestals, but only by pulling up
occasionally. Then the track was cleared
and only Mr. Grant's team remained.
Mr. Crocker heard a lady remark as he
drove past the gate, "That's too bad,"
and the gallant president of the snow
smiled and touched his hat. But he re
turned to the ring. The different drivers
changed and their skill was tested with
Mr. Grant's four. After a long trial Mr.
Crocker won the blue ribbon and with it
the silver cup offered Dy A. B. Bpreckels.
The closing features of the afternoon's
entertainment were the parade cf all win
ners in classes for ponies in harness and
of all winners in classes for driving trot
ters, roadsters and pacers.
The Pavilion was crowded at night, nor
was the large attendance confined to so
ciety itself, but the galleries and back
seats were well filled, and so fur as patron
age on the closing night is concerned there
could be no reason to complain. In fact,
the Horse Show Association was delighted
witti the support accorded, for there was
an immense crowd present in rheeveniiiL-,
and the whole house was warm, enthusi
astic «nd well pleased.
The last performance opened with juder
ing two teams of four draught norses each,
the horses to be over 1500 pounds.
Golden Gate Park entered Tom, Jerry,
Bob and Beiie, ponderous grays, and M*c-
Nab «fc Smith had their truck team, Fred,
Dan, Joe and Sam, in the ring. Both
teams were gray and looked as much alike
as peas in a pod, but the Park team had
the best coat and in other points were su
perior, and to the delight of the Park
stable manager they gol the blue ribbon.
McNab & Smith's team got second prize.
James McCue gave another exhibition
of bis trick horse that needed no bridle or
reins to guide him, and received rounds of
applause.
In class 39 six road horses in gigs or dog
carts were judged. They were restricted
to 15 hands 3 inches and over. George A.
Pope's Sweetheart was again successful,
taking the blue ribbon. W. 8. Hobart's
Monarch won the second ribbon and Henry
J. Crocker's Edgar, a chestnut horse, got
third prize.
Then followed a parade of all winners in
classes for saddle horses. They made a
pretty spectacular display aa they passed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
around with more or less ribbons tied to
their bridles. Before they all got out of
the ring the prizewinners in classes for
horses in harness and carriage horses en
tered and showed themselves to an admir
ing throng.
The best park amateur drivers were
judged in class 58 for fours-in-hand before
drags. The horses counted 60 ppr cent,
and appointments 40 per cent. W. S.
Hobart carried off the blue ribbon with
I'is learn Czar, Sultan, Damrosch nnd
Seidl. Henry J. Crocker got second prize
with E i win, Edgar, Prince and Dorothy.
The spectators were treated to a novel
exhibition of Walter Morosco's six-in-hand
driven by Jake Foster. The six dorses are
jet black, highly spirited animals and the
carriage a gorgeous combination phaeton.
And tne way that Foster drove was enough
lo arouse the envy of the swell coachmen.
The next spectacular pvent was the ex
hibition of W. S. Hobart's thoroughly
appointed road coach with four in hand,
a footman in flaming scarlet livery, who
could blow any tune on his long horn,
and a cockhorse with a liveried boy riding
away in front.
The park policemen, William Wallace
and Joel A. Harlan, competed in throwing
the lasso. Harlan never missed in his
throws and was awarded first prize, Wal
lace was second and Park Policeman
Arellanes third. Officer Arellanes never
missed, and what is more he called each
throw. The decision, however, rested with
the judges.
In the exhibition of buckinsr broncos
two daring riders set the house wild with
excitement. Their Uorses "bucked" and
twisted, but did not throw the riders, one
of whom, William Leiivero, a vaquero.
living at 220 Ninth avenue. Richmond,
met with a bad accident while sitting
quietly on his Horse beside the fence. The
horse "took fright and "bucked" over the
railing among the spectators and fell upon
Lelivere.
A groom grabbed the horse and others
extricated tne rider, who was carried to
the Receiving Hospital. Lelivere's collar
bone was broken and he received severe
contusions.
The last event of the year was jumping
by horses entered in class 82. There were
eleven competitors and they took the
hurdles cleverly.
Bobart's Huntress was given the first
prize, his «ray horse Royalty the second
ribbon and H. C. Breeden's Texas Sift
ings the third prize. A horse from Port
land, Or., Blairheart, owned by Mrs.
Thomas Fitzgibbons of that city, was
highly commended, while i is perform
ance won applause from the audience.
It was tuen close to midnight, and to
the strains of an inspiring air by the
orchestra the fashionable gathering dis
persed and the horse show of 1886 was
over.
BALDWIN WAS ATTACHED.
A Bill of $53 Caused Much Trouble
Behind the Scenes.
There was a little sideshow not on the
programme yesterday afternoon at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, and it caused con
sternation behind the scenes among
grooms, coachmen and other 3. The cen
tral figure was C. A. Baldwin of Santa
Clara County, the swell exhibitor. The
otlier figure was a Deputy Sheriff.
Mr. Baldwin was served with an attach
ment for $53, balance of a bill dun a horse
trainer named Jamea Garland since last
April.
Attorney C. W. Stoffers, with a Deputy
Sheriff, entered the stables while Baldwin
was driving his coach and four-in-hand in
tne ring.
They immediately went to Baldwin's
section and attached his prize pony Tris
tan, then ready to enter the ring hitched
to a buggy. Tristan had two first- prize
ribbons and one third-prize rosette tied to
his bridle, and it really was a shame to
touch him, he looked so proud.
As Baldwin's head man, Dyer, was about
to drive the pony into the ring the Deputy
Sheriff caught the lines.
■'Hold ou, there; you can't go in," he
said.
'That's 1 all right," replied Dyer, whose
face was a study at this moment.
"No, it is not all right."
The Hass-caller interfered and had a
bru-ih with the deputy sheriff.
"Well, let him pull out of the way of
other ponies," saiu the caller.
Tristan was released momentarily and
Dyer, taking advantage of the freedom,
dashed through the open gates into the
ring.
Meanwhile Baldwin was informed of the
attachment and he went out to get the
money. Half an hour later he returned
with the $53 and the attachment was
raised.
To Test the Tax Question.
J. C. Corbett, F. J. Silvey and W. H. McNeil,
by their attorneys, Haven <Sc Haven, have ap
plied for a writ of mandate to compel Treas
urer Widber to pay $40 05 alleged overcharge
on taxes levied on the property of Harris,
Kingston & Co. This action involves tne re
payment of a large amount of taxes that are
said to have been collected by mistake on ac
count of the action of the State Board of
Equalization. Judge Seawell has set Wednes
day, December 23, as time for hearing argu
ment in the case.
Another Magazine Company.
The Family Journal PuDlishlng Company
has oeen incorporated with $100,000 capital
stock for the purpose of publishing a maga
zine called the Family Journal. The stock
in M«rs are: R. A. Glbbs, Boltoa & Strong,
Gertrude Zindar, Mac K. Gates, Jessie Norton,
J. Hurt Davy, Tneodore Holly. F. R. Hardy,
l>r. D. Maclean ond W. A. Curtis. Mr. Glbb»
has taken $3000 worth of stock, Bolton &
Strong $200 and the others $100 each.
Dangerous lilaze.
A one-story frame building- at 409 Sutter
street belonging to James Govern and occu
pied by Hopke Brothers as a dyeing establish
ment was destroyed by fire yesterday after
noon. The fire was caused by the careless use
of benzine, which was being used In cleaning
gloves.
The loss was only about $300, but a neigh
boring three-story building had a narrow
escape.
Flrnt Half of Patergon's Fee.
Judge Slack Thursday signed an order au
thorizing tbe executors of the estate of James
O. Fair, deceased, to draw $5000 from tne Ne
vada Ban* in order to pay ex-Justice Van R.
Paterson, the first naif of his fee for represent
ing the minor heirs of the decedent.
Favor the Nicaragua Canal.
The directors of the Merchants' Association
have adopted resolutions requesting the Cal
fornia Senators and Representatives in Con
gress to continue their efforts for the early
completion of the Nicaragua canal to £>c under
American control.
Persons wanting very choice Oriental
rugs can now cater to their desires. There
is to be sold at auction at Golden
Gate Hall the best collection in the United
States. Five medals were won at the
World's Fair in Chicago and four at the
Midwinter Fair in this City by this col
lection. Lovers of art in rugs should ex
amine this collection. The auction sale
will commence Monday, December 14, at
2:30 and 7:30 p. M., continuing four days.
Two of John : Adams' . Message*.
.'• Tne messages of President John Adams
contained in the collection of originals at
the Capitol in Washington are all auto
graphs, he scorning the intermediary
agency of a secretary. His first message
thus preserved reads as follows: v ,
Gentlemen of the Senate; :< I'- nominate John
Quincy Adams 01 Massachusetts to be Minis
ter Plenipotentiary from the United States to
the King of : Prussia. ;; John Adams. -
Gentlemen of the Senate: I nominate George
Washington oi Mount Vernon to be lieuten
ant-general ana commander in 'chief of the
armies raised or to be raised in the United
States. John Adams.
Observe that it is not "George Washing
ton of Virginia," but of "Mount Vernon."
President Adams, you will ? also 'i notice,
dated his messages from the country at
large. '.His* handwriting ;is -; large and
angular. — Philadelphia Times. - ,
■ ' - ' ""* ' '_"» / ♦ » '"^" '_ ' '" .
Plain and silver- mounted pocket-books suit
able for • Christmas ' presents at San born &
Vall's. . ;.. •■ ■. ■ . :.-■ ."■-'■.■ . • •■••■:.
CAME ON THE
FIRST WAGON TRAIN
Strange Career of J. D. Ap
plegate, Commissioner
of the Klamaths.
The Veteran Indian Fighter on
the Resurvey of the
Reservation.
The Red Men Will Probably Get Pay
for 500,000 Acres— Resident of
Oregon 54 Years.
Registered at the Grand Hotel is a tall
man, with bushy gray hair and rather
stern features, who walks with a quick
step and who would be marked as a man
of strong self-reliance and individuality.
He is J. D. Applegate of Klamath Falls,
Or., who came to the Webfoot State fifty
four years aeo. He came on the first
wagon-train that ever rolled down into
Oregon from Fort Hall. With him on the
train was Peter H. Burnett, who afterward
became the first Governor of California.
Mr. Applegate is from Missouri and cf
the famous family of Applegates, who
J. D. APPLEGATE; Who Came in the First Wa^on Train to
Oregon.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
were the first settlers of Oregon and long
prominent in the affairs of that State.
Lindsay Applegate was his father, and
Elisha Applegate, once Surveyor-General
of Oregon and known for many years as
the Sage of Yoncalla, wa3 his uncle.
Mr. Applegate, who is now here, is a
veteran Indian fiehter. He has been in
the most famous wars with the SnaKes,
the Klamaths, the Modocs and other In
dians. Probably no man in Oregon has a
more intimate knowledge of the wild and
unfrequented parts of that State than Mr.
Applegate. He is now here finishing up
his work as one of the three Indian Com
missioners appointed some months ago by
President Cleveland to survey the Klam
ath reservation. R. P. Hammond of this
City and W. R. Coleman of Missouri are
the other Commissioners. They spent
almost three months in surveying the
boundaries of the reservation, and are now
here to make up their report.
"What our report will be." said Mr. Ap
plegate yesterday, "of course I am unable
now to state, except that for one thing —
none of the settlers in any of the country
bordering the reservation will be inter
fered with. I would like to have you know
so that they may be entirely relieved of
anxiety on that score. The Indians have
all .along claimed that their reservation
fell short of what it should be by some
500,000 or 600,000 acres. They claim that a
large part of the fertile valley lying east of
the reservation should have been included
in It, and also that a considerable lot of
land to the north ought to have been
in it.
"When the boundaries of the reserva
tion were taken, away back in 1864, tne
crests of different mountains were made
the landmarks, and the description of the
land was taken down very briefly by aid
of an interpreter. The Indian names of
the mountains and other places were
designated and those names became
speedily unknown, so that now when one
hears these names, or at least when a
majority do, they have no conception of
what tne meaning is. It was with the
end in view of straightening out the
whole matter that the commission was
appointed. We had some pretty rough
work. We had a lot of survey outfits and
we climbed mountains, some of them as
muoh as 8000 feet high.
"The land that, the Indians wiil get will
be lieu lands, that is land outside of the
reservation in some other place wnere
there are no settlers to be disturbed, or
tha value of the land at the time the
treaty was made. Probably the latter
way will be the way that it* will be
settled.
"Now a word about Klamath Falls.
Probably you would like to know a little
something about that and the country we
have there. It's a big country, a great
deal of it Tory fertile, and with water power,
the like of which it is hard to find
anywhere in the country. Tne little
town of Klamath Falls is a busy place and
an important trading point. It has elec
tricity in all the houses for lighting pur
poses, has a water system, too, which
delivers water in all the residences.
• "The great business up there is stock
raising. Being away from the railroad,
it doesn't pay to raise large quantities of
grain and other vegetables and products
for shipment. We have to devote our at
tention to raising something that we can
drive out, and lor this reason raising cattle
and other stock has been the most profit
able business that our people couid engage
in. We need a railroad, I suppose we will
have one some day, and when we get it
it will open up the country very rapidly.
"Then one great thing' we have up there
is Crater Lake, the new National park of
Oregon. That is in our county. It takes
about two days to get there, but Klamath
Falls is the point from which you start.
Crater Lake always will be a wonderful
attraction, not only for Oregon people, but
for vast numbers of tourists."
Mr. Appiegate and his associates will
probably be engaged a week yet on their
report.
HAWKS OBSCURED THE SUN
The Seatou Following the Snake Season
in Maryland Opens Well.
Next to the eastern shore, the western
mountains are the most interesting por
tion of Maryland. There is always some
thing going on. Directly the snake sea
son closes in Washington County the
hawk| season begins in Ailegany. This
past season was one of the best snake eras
in the history of Washington County.
Each day there was a snake story, until
peoDle got to expect them in the morning
paper and feel sorry when by some chance
they did not appear. The closing of the
series appeared the other day. A snake
along the canal had ruined its digestion
by swallowing an enormous ear oi Wash
ington County corn, with the shuck on, in
the same raw condition as were the stories
people had to swallow.
But as we have said, that story ends the
series, and lhe hawk season has promptly
opened in Allegany, the adjoining county.
Last night the Sun received the following
dispatch from a correspondent in Cum
berland:
"Farmers from the lower section of
Allegany County report tbe passage in a
southwesterly direction of a flock of hawks
that was two miles wide and was fully
three hours in crossing the valley. The
sun was obscured for a while by the
moving black cloud. One farmer not
satisfied as to the species of the birds, firea
into the Hock and brought down six. They
were found to belong to the bird and not
cbickenhawk species."
Borne people may think that this story
is exaggerated, and that the farmers in
the lower part of Allegany expanded two
yards into two miles, just as some people
suppose they can expand 50 cents into $L
But the story may be entirely correct,
except possibly with respect to the cloud
being two miles wide. It may have lacked
some little of that width.
We have some indistinct recollection of
a true hawk story which came from the
Eastern Shore some years ago. According
to that story one of tne remote districts
of Dorchester County, bordering on the
bay, was visited by hawks in a multitude
such as is described in the Cumberland
dispatch; possibly not quite such a multi
tude, Dut still a multitude. At that time
the county was paying a reward for
hawks' scalps. "When the hawks appeared,
therefore, every man and boy who had a
gun went to slaughtering hawks, and the
county was only saved from bankruptcy
by the failure of the supply of ammuni
tion. As it was, the bill for hawk scalps
was so great that an act was rushed
through the next Legislature to repeal the
hawk bounty. Indeed, some of the East
ern Shore men wanted a special session
called. — Baltimore Sun.
JAPANESE REVERE ROYALTY.
Object to Having Stamps Bearinc Llke
nessuH Canceled.
Private letters from Kioto bear proof
thot the Japanese have their own way of
doing things, says the Boston Journal.
They recently had a new issue of postage
stamps which bore portraits of two of the
princes who died in the recent war.
Stamps of 2 and 5 sen were to be issued.
Iv the United States one portrait would
have been put on the 2-sen stamp and one
on the 5-sen stamp, but in Japan it was
thought that this would be discriminating
against tne memory of the one pictured
on the lower denomination.
This is why philatelists find that there
are two new 2-sen and two new 5-sen
stamps — each uenominatiou having one
kind in memory of each prince. But even
this careful arrangement dia not prevent
a new trouble. Sjmo conservative Japan
ese are contending that it borders on dis
respect to the imperial family to pollute
their pictures with saliva and then to
blotch them with ink in the process of !
cancellation.
One man has declared in the papers that
be will decline to receive any mail matter
bearing these stamps. Some postmasters
have requested that they be allowed to
put the canceling mark only on the edge
of the stamp, so as to avoid defiling the
princely faces. To old-fashioned Jap
anese it is especially displeasing to see
foreigners putting portraits representing
men of divine descent into their mouths
and putting them on the envelopes witb
as much indifference as we employ with
the faces of Washington, Franklin and
Grant on our stamps. Some Japanese, if
they use the stamps at ail, must rever
ently lift them »o their head, carefully
wet the glne with pure water, and then
utter a prayer as they attach them to the
envelope. . " ' •
Did it ever occur to an American that it
was discrimination to place a portrait on
a lower denomination stamp? It this
matter ever was discussed it was probably
agreed that the greater honor went with
the cheaper stamps, which are in wider
and more general use. As lor attaching
any respect to them — do you know, with
out looking, whose pictures are on our va
vious stamps?
CYCLING BECORDS.
Professional and Amateur Fignree to
Date Arranged by Chairman Gideon
of the Racing Board.
The following are the accepted profes
sional and amateur records to date as just
arranged by George D. Gideon, chairman
of the racing board of the Leacuu of
American Wheelmen. This table of
records is the very latest out and is partic
ularly valuable for reference at this time
when so many trials are being made at
the Velodrome here and in the East. The
table is as follows:
PROFESSIONAL .RECORDS.
FLYING START, FACED.
Miles. Time. Winner.
s/3-. 0:58 3 5.. W. W. Ham! ton, Coronado, Cal.,
i March 2. 1896. •
%.. 1:17 ..Peter J. Berlo, .New Orleans, La,,
. December 20, 1895.
1.... 1:39 1-5.. W. Hamilton, coronado. Cal..
March 27, 1898.
2.... 3:43 1-5. J. Berlo, Louliville, Ky., No
vember 18, 1895.
8.... 5:50 *" 5 1P." J. Ber , 0 New Orleans, La.,
5.::: 9:512-6j December 13, 1895.
..,' . . FX.YIXQ START, DKFICED,
Vi-- 0:28 2-5. .0tt0 Zlegler Jr., Laredo, Texas,
June 8, 189&
V 3-. 0:84 1-5. .W. W. Hamilton, Coronado, Cal.,
March 2, 1898.
1.... 1:39 1-s.. Clinton K. Coulter, Denver, Col.,
October 2, 1896.
2.... 4:29 ..A. F. K«nn, Louisville, Ky., .No
vember 2, 1895.
a... 7:11 ..A. F. Senn. Louisville, Ky., No
vember 19, 1893.
4.... 9:36 4-5-1
6... 14:25
7.... 16:60
8.... 19:15 2-6 V -
.9.... 21:42 3-5
*10.. a4:)0
11.. 26:38
12.. 29:08 2-5 '■ ' v. ' '- ."•'
13.. 31:88
lit" i»« . : an irlA - F. S«nn, Louisville, Ky., No
-18" 89-2? vember 18, 1895. ,
17'! 41:38
18.. 44:11
19.. 46:443-6
20.. 49:20
21.. 51:354-6
22.. 64::sia-5
•J3.. 67:10-2-5
24.. 19:54
25..1:0a:373/fc
• COMPETITION, STANDING BTAKT.
Vis- ■ 0:45 ..P. E. Schefskl. Santa Monica,
Cal, February 22, 1896.
Vs.. 1:00 4-5.. 0tt0 Zlegler. New Orleans, La.,
': June 13, 1896.
2/3.. 1:26 ..Tom Cooper, Clncinattl, Ohio, |
May, 1896. ■ ■
1.... ,2:10 4-s.. Arthur Gardiner. New: Orleans.
TANDEM.
HjTINO START, PACKS.
1.... 1:50 1-s. .Crooks- Wei nltr, Louisville, Ky.,
October 25, 1895.
■"• ■» — FXYINO START, PACED.
y a .. 0:52 3-s.. Terrtll-Tay lor, Corona-10, Cal.,
■■■'■..■:■■ ■ March 21. 1896.
34.. 1:25 3-s.. Evans-Hatton. San Jose, CaL.
May 28, 1895.
1.... 1:54 2-5")
2.... 4:04 2-5 1 * :
3.... 6:17 1-& I Evans-Hatton. Ban Jose, CaL,
4.... 8:26 [ May 29, 1896.
M.... 10:53 3-6 1
10.. 22:17 ' J
AMATEUR RECORDS.
FLYING START, PACED.
14.. 0:24 2-5. . J. a Johnson, October 31, 1893.
Vsj.. 0:34 1-5 >A. W. Porter, Waltham, Mass.,
y2..y 2 .. - 0:f>8 J November 2, 1894.
2/«.. 1:14 1-5 \ Amos B. Hushes, Denver, Colo.,
% . . 1:22 4-& May 23, 1 896.
1. .. 1:47 1-5.. Amos B. Hughes, Denver, Colo.,
June 19, 189& .
2-.. 3:56 8-6..Amos H. Hughes, Denver, Colo.,
May 23, 1896.
3.... 6:30 4-5-) '.-;-
-4.... 8:43 V, , !'■'. - • -„.,.. '/
6.... 10:551*,' I - ' - -.:-- -
6... 13:14% l_Ged. N. Adams, Jacksonville,
7.... 15:25% f Fla,, July 17, 1896.
8.... 17:42 I
9.... 19:53 I
10.. 22:31 3-5 J
IXYINQ BTABT, UNPACKD.
14.. 1 0:25 1-51 A. B. Simons, UemlDg, N. Mex.,
V 3.. 0:33 3-5/ May 28, 18H6. ■
i£.. 0:59 ..Harry C. Claric. Denver, Colo.,
November 2 ', 1895.
2/... 1:26 1-5. . J. D. Park, Denver, Colo.,
November 24. 1894.
%.. 1:37 ..F. B. Stowe. SpMngfleld, Mass.,
October 20, 1894.
1... 2:05 1-s.. Harry C. Clark. Denver, Colo..
October 17, 1895.
2.... 4:38 3-5 .Harry C. ClarK, Denver, Colo.,
November 11, 1895.
?••." Z:2? 0.10. B. Hackenberger, Denver,
s.!'' 11:66 4-5.1 Col*. December 13. 1895.
10 " 26:26 4-5. .A. F. Senn, Utlca, N. V., October
20, 1894.
35.. 1:05:30 ..A. F. Scun, Utlca, N. V., October
23, 1894.
60. .2:29:00 4-5.. lam Becker, Freeport, 111,
October 17, 1896.
COMPETITION, STANDING STABT. .
iA.. 0:29 3-5.. G. F. Koyce, Patersbn. N. J., July
* 4, 1894.
y,.. 0:43 •"'■•■. .G . onte acker Jr., Denver, Cola,
:?T July 13, 1895.
I^.. 1:01. ..Frank M. Byrne, &an Jose, CaL,
September 9, 1895.
2/... 1:26 .Floyd a. McFariand, San Jose,
■ ' Cal., July 4, 1895.
1.... 2:00 2-5.. Fran F. Desmond, Jr., Denver,
• Colo., August 8, 189 U.
2... 4:25 1-6. .0tt0 Mayo, Latrobe, Pa., July
■ 20,1895.
3.... 7:05 3-6. . G. A. -Maxwell,' St. Louis, Mo.,
October 24, 1894.
4.... 9:42 2-5. .A. A. Hanseu. Minneapolis,
Mian., August 15, 1896.
5.... 11:49 1-5.. J. C Mitchell, LouUvlUe. Ky.,
September, 14, 1895.
6.... 14:36 V ■
7-.. 17.00
8.... 19:29 1-5
9.... 22:00
10.. 24:16 2-5
11.. 26:43 1-5
12.. 29:10 2-5
13.. 81:is7 1-6
14.. «3:49 4-»
15.. 36:11 2-5 ,
16.. 38:36 1-6
17.. 40:64 2-5
18.. 43:2*2 1-5
19. «5:«9
20.. 48:08 1-5
21.. 50:39 2-5
22.. 53:05 4-5 .
23.. 55:30
24.. 67:59 8-5
25.. 1:00:30 1-5
26.. 1:02:64 2-5
7.. 1:05:22 4-5
£8.. 1:07:*. • 1-5
29. .1:10:08
:-O..l: 12:34 1-5 .
31.. 1:15:04 2-5 > . - , . '
•5i. .1:17:26 1-5 A. A. Hansen, Minneapolis.
38.-1:19:42 3-5 Minn., August 16, 1895. ■ i
34. .1:22:13 2-6 . ■ V"
36:. 1:24:84 4-5 .
36..1:27:1M-5
37. .1:29:49 2-5
38.;l:82:351-» ■ ' - '
. 9. .1:36:08 3-5
40.. 1:3 7:34 2-5
4).. 1:40:24 1-5
42.. 1:43:07
43.. 1:45:54 2-5
44. .1:48:17 1-5
46.. 1 :51:4O
46. .1:51:30 2-5
47..1:67:J« 3-5
48..2:00U0
4»..i':03:29 1-5
60.. 2:06:3* 1-5
51. .2:09:32 2-0
52. .2:12:37 1-5
63.. 2:15:44
54..2:18:a0 3-6
55. .2:22:00
56.. 2:25:16 1-6
67.. 2:28:60 2-6
68.. 2:32:47 1-0
69. .2:36:11
60.. 2:39:01
TANDEM.
FLYINO STABT, PACXD. k ~ j
V*'.". 0:34 2-6]- H *«eerty-Will!am«, Waltham, j
y^.. O:5<!V4 ) M **"- > November 2, 1894. j
1.... V .1:52 3-6.. Haegerty- Williams, ; Waltham,
. Mass., October '27, 1894.
• • . : FLYING BTABT, USIPACM).
y±.. 0:26 1-6.. Devlin-Hanson, Riverside. B. I
JA 0-SR August 1, 1890. . '
$:". 0:56 lDavis*orth.MU DheU,Loulßvllle,D heU,LoulBvllle,
%!.; 1:17 / K7., July 4, 1896. ;
1.... ' 2:08 .. Benson-Down lag. San Jose, Cal
October 23, 1895. 7,
Abmy ' and : Navy ; Club , Whisky. '/Affi
davit guarantees it strictly pure; 6 rear
old. Meyerfeld, 1 Mitchell & Co., 116 Front
street, San Francisco. *■ *
' It is asserted that the risk of being
struck by lightning is five times greater in
tho country than in towns, because ordi
nary d welling- houses •in towns receive a
very considerable protection " from the
roofing, cornices, gutters, and so on.
•:■ -i;f : SEW TO-PAT.' _ -_. __ ' y. _ _
EXAMINED BY THE MAT.
Dr. Cook, the Great Specialist,
Admits a Reporter to His
Laboratory.
A Marvelous System of Treatment
With Different Kinds of Elec-
trical Current.
Among the many subjects of keen pub-
lic interest to-day there is none that
claims more| attention than that of the ap-
plication of the great X ray discovery of
Dr. Roentgen, and especially is this true
when its use by medical men :s consid-
ered. The demand for X ray instruments
has been enormous, so the makers of
scientific instruments say, and the medi-
cal fraternity generally is much stirred up
over the matter. It is eminently gratify-
ing to know, however, that one of the
finest, and probably the very finest, ap-
paratus of this nature which has ever
been constructed in the world was secured
by Dr. Cook, the eminent specialist of BG-5
Market street. That fact is not surpris-
ing, as it is well known in scientific cir-
cles that Dr. Cook is invariably tho first
physician to pour out his money on any
improvement in medical or surgical ap-
paratus, no matter in what quarter of the
globa the discoveries are made. Cost
what they may, this learned specialist
buys them all, and after submitting them
to most careful experiments keeps what
he finds to be unquestionably good. Ever
since the installation of his grest X ray *
apparatus, it has been the custom to beg 1
from him an opportunity to see a patient I
examined by it. so that a full account f
might be given of it, bat as all his pa- 1
tients' affairs are kept very strictly confi-
dential, it was not till a couple of days
ago that some one was found . who was
willing to have a reporter present when
the doctor "looked through him," as he
called it. '
After a wait of a few minutes the party
proceeded to the specially arranged de- .
partment where the wonderful instru-
ments are, and not a moment was lost in
preliminaries. The patient stood np, held
by two assistants, the electrical 1 apparatus
was started in motion with a qneer burr-
ing Bound, and the doctor, with steady
hand and eye ablaze- with interest, placed
the observing screen at the patient's ci.e?t.
All was silent as : death, except for the
whir of the dynamo, and slowly the screen
was passed .from point to point over the
entire front of the body, and this com-
pleted the /patient was turned round and
an examination of the back was begun in
the Bnme'way. Eventually ' the doctor
paused. -Evidently he had j become much
interested. For minutes he never moved
his glance from the screen. Then the on-
ward march was taken up again, and at
length the examination- was completed.
Notes having been made 'the.reporter was
allowed to look through the screen just at
where the X ray had; shown the seat of
disease to be. It was' simply marvelous.
There plainly, even to an. untutored
eye, was a distinct enlargement of the liver,
the construction and form of which was as
plainly visible as if the man had been dis-
sected then and there. -
"I shall first of all treat him with Far-
radic electrical current.", said -the doctor
as the party left the X-ray department,
and consent being again given an ad-
journment was made to the medical elec-
trical department. Here there is a grand
combination of ; device?, probably the best
in existence, for imparting the electrical
current airebtly to any part of the system.
On one side are arranged the connections
for giving galvanic ele^trJ^jil energy, and
from the other the Farradic current
issues. A large switchboard, which con-
trols the distribution of the force from
I three distinct sets of storage batteries, is *■
on one side of the room, and there is also
an operating-table and a cabinet of modi- 1
cal and surgical appointments. "Before
treating him," said Dr. Cook, "I will ex-
| amine bis throat and allow you to do the
! same, but in advance I may tell you that
it will certainly be found to be a little ul-
cerated." He then inserted a very tiny
. -w& <'^'~- '■ '■ t ■ ' .\ . - ...
'i" '
■!■■■ l '■ . . ■ . . ..;
electric light into the back of the man's
mouth, and on being allowed to inspect it
the reporter was both amazed and a little
bit terrified. :
The electric li.-ht showed the con-
struction of- the throat most vividly, and
a fearful mass of uiceration it was. . So
bright whs the tiny thing that you could see
it clearly through the sides of the mouth.
As the reporter was about to retire in
order that the treatment mi.'ht commence,
calling the.'doctor to one side ho asked if
sucti a very severe case could be cured by
any means. "Oh, yes," was the reply.
"\V T e have had cases . a good deal worse
than that. 'His is principally neglect of
a bad case of blood disorder, but we shall
pull him through. : In fact I don't believe t }
that there is a case of this sort nowadays
that is altogether incurable."
It may be stated in closing that % single
inspection of .Dr. Cook's wonderful equip-
ment will ; demonstrate to the greatest
doubter that not only have great strides
been made in medical electricity in this
age, but it is very plain too that Dr. Cook '
is altogether entitled to the place which
he has long since neld, namely that of
the most progressive a.« well as the most
Competent specialist on the const. .
OATARBH I 11 All 11 11
lo A.
LOCAL DISEASE lilg £ty£ l|
and is the result of colds Mff// Altl BAL^n5
and sudden climatic Mr&QiffflS co^l
■ " ,.■;.■ change >. H'Siy'' c °<c^£~ Hf^o 1
- This remedy do?s not con- Sffl^'f^VEß fsj? j* M
tain mercury. or any other SLt x/^^^H
Injurious drug. {1 _> i^^a
ereS y balm'^^™S
Opens and cleans the Nasal COLD a HEAD
Passages. Allays .Pain. and MVUU ''UUll/
I Inflammation, Ueals and Protects the Membranj '
1 from Colds. Restores the Senses of Taste and
! Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives relief at once.
! 50 cents at Drusft-iU, orb/ mnil; samples 100 by
mail. ' .:. ■_-■ '. . . . ■",* -
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren street. New orlc
I PHYSICIAN of the
I FLOWhRY KINGDOM. i&sSf^^l
HE IS Of WHEAT EMI- fc^^^fflSl
nence »nd learning, tSj&^^^m v' /
having long experience in JSr ' |
. the i Imperial Hospitals of T .. ■•_**_ I ■ 1
China. He t:as practiced X\J f^ U -8 /
his profession In America 15 n ". J^* ■ /
for 15, vears and cured ti-.ou- Vf < V ' R '- '
sands of sick and afflicted. U *"•<• B
,Ht)gn«rantettsa cure of all \ »^X^ . /
diaoasea of men. women \ "' •' ' ~ I
and children Where cure Is -■ jf
possible. No mailer If otli- I^)^
ers hftTi' fulled to cure yon
tr/DR.OUY, K.eryboay
inTlted to c*l. ! Con^ulta- . mKXW^^.-
tlon feie. Offlce»-S2l KEARNV IST, betweta
Washington and JacHson. -HOSPITAL SEWERS "
' ME WORTHLESS
Supervisors Will Be Asked
to Make Immediate
Repairs.
A Portion of the System Built
Under the Present Health
Board.
Escape From an Epid mic of Disease
a Mystery— Will Cost the
City $io,ooo.
At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors to-morrow the Health Department
will petition for an order for immediate
repairs to the sanitary arrangements of
the City and County Hospital.
Since the explosion at the hospital sev
eral weeks ago those who have been con
ducting the repairs have discovered that
the mass of pipes beneath and about the
buildings dignified by the name of a sew-
One of the Broken and Worthless Sewer-Pipes at the City
and Cctmty Hospital.
erage system is merely a disjointed,
broken jumble oi no earthly use except to
line the pockets of contractors.
A large portion of this piping was put in
years ago, but ?ome of it was constructed
during tbe last six months and under tbe
administration of the present Board of
Health. How it is that such worthless
pipe and faulty connections could have
been put in without tbe board's plumbing
inspector, who is expected to look out for
all such matters, knowing of the matter is
something that the Health Department
will probably be asked by the Supervisors
before tne necessary money is voted for
repairs.
That an epidemic of typhoid, diphtheria
or other contagious disease has not
broken out in the institution is a mystery
to tbose who have seen tbe mass of
disease-breeding tilth that has escaped
through broken pipe and open joints and
settled in fetid pools under tbe structure.
It will cost the City about $10,000 to pro
vide a proper seweraee system.
AN ELABORATE PROGRAMME.
Entertainment for the Benefit of St.
Dominic's Sunday-School.
An entertainment in aid of St. Dominic's
Bunday- school took place Friday evening
at St. Dominic's Hall, Pine street, be
tween S'.einer and Pierce streets. An
elaborate programme was rendered. The
drama written by Miss Harriet Skid
more was the principal feature of the
affair. Special scenery and stage setting
had been procured for tne occasion,
and tbe whole production was one well
worth attending. Interest in the affair
is very keen and there was a crowded
house. The programme consisted of the
following numbers: Piano duet, Mr. and
Miss Harrison; soprano solo, selected,
Mrs. Seibel: recitation, selected, Miss
Schade; contralto solo, "0 Holy Night"
(Adams), Mrs. Edith Stanley Griffin;
recitation, selected, Miss E. A. McDonald.
"The Votaries of W'sdom and Folly/
a sacred drama (founded on the parable
of the wise and foolish virgins) by Harriet
M. Skidmore. Marie, angel messenger,
Miss May Sullivan; Votaries of Wisdom,
Miss I. Devlin, Miss M. Devlin, Miss M.
Kennedy, Mi« B. Kelieher, Miss L.
White; Votaries of Folley, Miss F. Fitz
cerald MJ»s E. Jordan, Miss G. Jordan,
Miss B, Kennedy, Miss B. Marchand;
angel warders, Miss S. Maginis and Miss
M. Seibel.
The second part of tne programme was
rendered t>y the following talent from
the Tivoli Opera-bouse, courtesy of Wil
liam F. Leabey: Song, "Rosie O'Grady,"
Master Jack Robinson; bass solo, selected,
Signor Abramoff; sone. selected, Miss
Josie Intropidi; Melville Ellis, accompan
ist- and the following members of the
Olympic Club Minstrels: Jack Catbcart,
William Hallett, William O'Brien, A.
Eosborougn, J. Cooney, Bob Mitchell.
WON AND LOST.
Judge Hunt Refuses New Trials In the
Cases of Aiash vs. Kreling;.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling won a cas« and
lost one in Judge Hunt's court Thursday.
So did John E. Nash. Mr. Nash held a
4 responsible position In the Tivoli Theater,
I of which Mis. Kreiing is proprietor, and
\ on being discharged sued for four weeks'
ealary at $90 per week. Th« jury gave
him a verdict for $360, the full amount
claimed. ..
Mrs. Kreling did not like tbe verdict,
and moved for a rlew trial.
Having succeeded so well in hi« first
attempt Mr. Nash sued Mrs. Kreling for
other weeks of service and for breach of
contract, calling for $1150. Judgment for
the defendant by the jury.
Then Mr. Nash moved for a new trial. i
Judge Hunt took up both cases yester
day, and having considered all the facts,
said he thought both : juries were right,
and so denied both motions. Appeals will
be taken, for when theatrical people quar
rel they fight it out to the bitter end.
—  ■ ■ • + • ' —
"THE RIVAL QUEENS."
A Fairy Operetta by Ninety-Six Chil
dren In Aid of the Woman's Ex
■ change and Relief Society.
A fairy operetta, "The Rival Queens,'
was given at the California Theater yes
terday afternoon in behalf of the Woman's
Exchange and Relief Committee or Ala
raeda. The director of music was Miss
Marie Smith, of elocution Professor W. W.
Chapman, of stage and elocution Miss
Belle McCurrie, of decorations Miss Belle
Fiddis. Mrs. M. A. Hinton acted as pian
ist for dancing.
The little ones carried the cast well and
were encouraged in their endeavors by a
large and appreciative audience. The fol
lowing was the cast:.
Rose, Queen of Fairies. Marjorie Moore;
Nightshade, Queen of Goblins, Hazel Thane;
Leon, a mortal prince, Un« Fairweather;
Telfa, an elf, page to Queen Rose, Eileen Mc-
Cur Tie. Maids ot honor to Queen Rose— Lily,
Marjorie Arnold ; Violet, Marion Hovey. fin t
terfly paces to Queen Rose— Hazel Rover, Alice
Teller, Ethel Mitchell, Florence Plummer.
Queen Nightshade's pages— Sylvia McCurrie.
Treasure Ileister. Guards of Queen Night
shade—Eva Matthe's, Mabel O'Brien. Cupid-
Edward yon Schmidt Jr Lords—
Graves, Ida Maioon, - Merle Francis.
Fairies— Carrie GeraM. Rose yon Schmidt,
Alexine -Mitchell, Ella Meyer, Florence Parker,
i Grace Bates, Emily Meyer, Marie Toutain,
i Ruth-Sadler, Louise Frier, Maudie Fischer, Ida
i Maioon, " Marjorie Arnold, Marion Hovey,
Mabel Clark, Etta "Mazzlnl, Bessie Hardiman,
May Morton, Stella Morton, Elsie Woodln. Lulu
Rosmarin, Kathleen Lenahan, Merle Francis,
Ethel Vincent, Isabel Meyer, Marion Lally,
Emily Ross, Jennie Belden, Hazel Journal,
Sybil Tripp, Mildred Trlpp, Alma Gray, Gene
vleve Keesan. Goblins — Marlon Mitchell,
■ Sylvia McCurrie, Margaret Toutain, Anna
Meyer, Carrie Bates, Eita Kanlett, Amelia
Zimmerman, Emma Meserole, Mabel Evans,
Eva Mattheis, Mabel O'Brien, Miriam Mattheis,
j Sybil Trlpp, Mildred Tripp, Florence Garcia,
Treasure Heister, Louise Adams, Ray Rey
nolds, Florence Thomas, Florence Palmer,
Fenn Wheeler, Mabel Smith, Irene Thomas,
Cora Rogers, Hazel Journal, Ida Maloou, >!cr:e
Francis, Maggie Bassett, May Bell Parker.
Huntsmen— Alba Clark, Andrew Yates, Ernest
Wilson, Robert Stever, Robert Valieau, E. P.
Dooley, William Rice, Harry La Jeunesse, Sid
Shepard, G. L. Lewis, James Greenwell, Alex
j Booth, Lawrence Eiester, Willie Howe, Walter
Hovey, Bruce Spencer.
ONLY A FROLIC.
Light Sentences for City and County
Hospital Nurses and
Internes.
The Board of Health passed sentence
on Friday on four norses and one interne
who were concerned in the recent mid
night frolic at tbe City and County Hos
pital that was complained of by the head
nurse, Miss Patton.
The matter caused so much talk that
tbe board was compelled to order an in
vestigation and the Hospital Committee
has been engaged on tne matter for sev
eral days past.
From the evidence eecured it is appar
ent that the committee thought that- the
matter was nothing more than a frolic,
for the nurses who were concerned were
laid off for from one to three months and
tbe interne-was deprived of the benefit of
attendance at clinics until July 1.
O'CONNELL & LEWIS' DEBTS.
Voluntary Insolvency Petition Filed by
the Iron- Worker*.
Martin O'Connell and Oscar Lewis, com
prising tne linn of O'Connell & Lewis,
iron-workers, have filed a voluntary peti
tion in insolvency. The debts of the firm
amount to $(13,000 31, of which amount
they owe their employes $6548 35.
The largest creditor is N. Parrisb, whose
claim is for $12,479 98. Mrs. Hamblin has
a bill for $5200; Anglo-Californian Bank,
$2750; Stafford & Stafford, $500.
Resources of tlie firm are stated as fol
lows: Real estate, $67,000, on which there
are incumbrances umouuting to $43,750;
homestead, $5000. incumtmred for $2750;
personal property, $18,400; property ex
empt from execution, $500.
The petition states that a considerable
amount is due to the insolvents on ac
count of contracts in course of comple
tion, all of which is surrendered for the
benefit of creditors. Tiiere are also some
book accounts owed them, the greater part
of which they consider uncollectible.
Valuation of the real estate is based on
what it cost the petitioners and has no
reference to the current market prices.
Susie 15. Martin's Benefit.
The sale of seats for the benefit to be ten
dered Mrs. Susie B. Martin at the People's
Palace, Monday evening, December 14, ia
brisk, and a neat sum for the unfortunate
woman is assured. Bob Fitzsimmons, toe bit;
Australian bruiser, has kindly volunteered his
services and will gave an exhibition In bag
punching. His trainers, Hlckey andStolzner,
will box a few rounds, and they will be fol
lowed by a sparring bout between Danny Need
ham and Pa lay Corrigan.
A big list of vaudeville talent has been ar
ranged for the occasion, and Professor T. A.
Kennedy will give one of bis mysterious hyp
notic seances.
Beautiful framed pictures and glass panels,
fine for Christmas presents, at San bora A
Veil's. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
SCURF PIN LOST
A RICH PRIZE
Nosed Out by Midlight for
the Palace Hotel
Stake.
Willie Martin Furnished a
Splendid Ride Astride
the Winner.
Summertime Took the Handicap From
Wyoming— Alvarado Captured
His R cc in a Gallop.
The wind screeched and howled and the
rain came down in blinding torrents, yet
it dampened the ardor ot but a few race
goers, for the crowd at Ingleside track
showed but a slight diminishment in
numbers yesterday. The Palace Hotel
stake for two-year-old fillies at six fur
longs was tbe stellar attraction of tbe
card, and the win of Green B. Morris'
good filly Midlieht through the superior
jockeyship of Willie Martin was quite the
sensation of tbe day. The stake drew out
but a field of six starters. Ed Purser's
Scarf Pin, with a long string of victories
to her credit in the East was, of course, a
pronounced favorite, the ring laying
some 4 to 5 against her chances just before
post call.
Fig Leaf witn her well-known liking for
muddy going had a large following, who
accepted 4 to 1 that was offered about her.
Midlight came in for considerable support,
being quite a hot paddock tip. Loulou R,
Queen Nubia and Nebula were the out
siders. The start was good for all but Fig
Leaf, who wheeled as the barrier flew up
and was almost left. Coady on tne favor
ite at once took the lead, and from tbe
way she paddled through the mud it
looked all over. Entering the stretch
Martin on Midlight was two or three
lengths away, and then it was that Coady
grew overconfident.
He counted on having too much in re
serve, and soon found the Mciris entry at
bis mount's side. He then sat down to
ride, but tne veteran Martin knew too
much for him, ana he lost the $1300 prize
by a good long nose. Fig Leaf followed
after the Pin, and, passing all but the
leaders, finished a distant third. The
winner, a brown filly by imp. Midlothian
from Ehctric Light, covered the distance
in 1:169& which, considering the fact
that she had up in the saddle 118 pounds,
was a remarkably eood performance.
This was not the only favorite that
bowed to defeat during the day's racing.
Bernardillo, Collins and Col. Weightman
also let the talent down very hard by lail
ing to run up to "liggers." Haymarket,
who won the hurdle affair at 20 to 1, was
the longest-priced winner during the
afternoon.
The card was, of course, marred by tbe
rain, many good horses being scratched.
Tbe mile handicap simmered down to a
field of seven, with Summertime an odds
on choice. She made all the running and
with little to spare led Wyoming, the
Spreckels entry, out something over a
lengtii in 1:44. Peter the Second, All Over,
Mamie SeoU, The Dragon and Andie
Buchanan, comprising^ tbe field, were
never able to extend the leaders.
The first event for two-year-olds, a six
furtong spin, saw a field of twelve line up
aeainst ti>e barrier. The Baldwin entry,
Bernardillo, was made a 9 to 10 choice,
and not carrying much wise money fin
ished third. Rey del Tierra, a 10 to 1 shot,
took the purse in a drive from tbe second
choice, Good Times.
The mile and a sixteenth selling run re
sulted in a skyrocket win for Aivarado,
against which 14 to 5 was laid. He led
throughout with nis 93 pounds up, passing
the stand galloping six lengths before Lit
tle Cripple. Tne Bto 5 favorite, Collins,
was unable to raise a gallop, straggling in
a bad seventh.
Andy Blakeley bad the pleasure of pilot
ing another favorite in a jumping race
which failed to land. Col. Weigb-tman,
with 159 pounds up, in the mile and a half
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
INO.LESIDE RACETRACK. Saturday, December 12, 1896. Twenty-sixth day of the
■ winter meeting. Weather Wet. Track Muddy.
090 FIRST RACE— Three-quariers of a mile; two-year-olds;
iurse .
Index. Horse, weight. St. 14
206 Hey del T1erra....103 :?
192 <■ nod Mines 109 6
212 JBernardillo 100 1
177 |>ombalance 11l 9
212 IBohemian Lass. .lo6 2
I*7 iThe Sinner 108 5
219 Fort Augustus... 11l 11
212 Cappy 10H 10
224 p.ipiriiay 103 12
165 Tryst 1021 8 ........
188 Mercutlo 10!>| 4
188 ITorpedo lU7| 7
% ; "■■%
3 1V» 3 h
5 V 2V 2 4 V a
2% 21%
9 i 10 2
62 5 2
12 1 y,
10 2 112 ,
12 Vi
111 9 2
4 % \ 8 2
81 , 7%
7 h I 6n
Str.
1 h Clawson 6
2 3 Gardiner 2
3 6 H. Martin 1
4 4 Golden 80
5V a Shaw 15
6 1 Pryce 3J
71 Fell BO
8 I J.Jacksoo 60
9 2 F. Woods 200
10 3 Hurllnsame.... 30
111 Bozeman 50
12 Murpn>- 80
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. fit.
8
11-5
9-10
75
40
30
300
15.)
300
100
75
20
Good start.
1:17.
Won handily.
Wlnnt-r, K. W. Purser's
1. c, by Vrluce of Norlolk-Ualdee. Time,
900 SECOND KACE-One and a sixteenth miles; selllnjj; purse *400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. Std. I/i % ' % Str.
(220)A!varado, 3 98 6 11 13 13 18 110
■.'IS Llmo Cripple, 6.102 44h 5 3h 36 2 1
tO9 Hazard, 3 93 7 «h 2V4 2 3 21 31
222 I Monte Fonse, 4.. 106 18 '8 gu 61 14
18H ! Navy Blue, 4 102 2 2h 7 8 75 68
104 Tenacity, 3 96 6 3 h 4 41 42 7
209 Collins, 4 102 8 7 H 72 8 8
195 lorn Eiinorf, 5.102 85 V a 32 |5 3 51 52
110 18 Thompion 13 6 5-2
2 1 2 1 H. Martin. 6 4
31 3y 8 Isom 10 8
14 410 (Barrlnger 16 ]5
6 8 5 8 spencer 20 60
7 6 1 Slaughter la 12
8 7h Joneg 18-10 8-5
5 2 8 O'Leary 15 25
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Perfect start. Won galloping.
Time, 1:61.
Winner, a C. Htldreth's eh. g., by Amlgo-Santa Margarita.
OO(\ THIRD BAOK— One mile; handicap; all ages: purse $500.
Jndex. Horse, age, weight.
. ; . ■ ■ • • . ■ Betting.
l A V% % Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
23 lh 1111 XVt Siauihter....... 7-10 3-5
\Vz 23 24 26 210 R. 150 m......... 10 8
3h 3 5 310 31 83 Thompson " 6 10
,7-v 6 6 4 410 H. Murtln 6 1 16
42 4y a 4h 5 6 2 H. 8r0wn....... 30 > 21)
6% .61 6 6 615 J0ne5........... 6-2 6
617 7. 7 7 I Clawgon.. * *
St.
V*
(204) Summertime, 3.. 102 1
(218) Wyominz. 3 95 4
221 IPeterlX, 4 93 6
2.U All Over, 4. 101 2
28 Mamie Scott, 4... 90 3
2iß The Dragon. 3.... 108 7
196 Adlp Hnchanan.4 94 6
Uood start. Won driving. Winner, A. J. Stemler's br. f., by Fitzjames-Springllke.
•Coup ed with The Dragon.
Time, 1:44.
'}Q1 FOURTH KaCE— Th r «e-quartera of a mile; Palace Hotel stakes: for two-year-olds; purse
Index. Horse/weight. St. | ' % i/ 2 " 34 str.
201 Midlight 118 2 ........ 43 2 2 220 ~ :
(172) Scarf Pin.... ...... 118 1 lh 12 1U
'219 Fig Leaf.. .:...:. 118 6 « ' 6 • 6
31 Lou Lou li 116 6 62U .44 4
...'.".:.■. Queen Nabla. 115 4 31 3V« -8 '
212 .Nubula. ..105 31 ........ 2h 616 6
Fin. Jockey.
~Tn W. Martin
•i ViO Coi»dy
3Va Thorpe
4 4 H. Martin
560 H. Brown
6 Shaw
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
On. CL
7-2
3-5
■4
20
20
30
5
7-10
7-2
9
60
60
Bad staru Won driving.
l:l«s/ 4 .
Winner, G. B. Morris' br. f., by Imp. Midlothian-Electric Light. Time,
000 FIFTH KACE-One and a half miles; hurdle: handicap: purse *400.
Index. ; Horse, age, weight. : St. -Std. % i£ Btr. Fin. ■ Jockey. . Op.
198 Haymarket, a.. ..126 3 21 2 % "TS" 16 115 Stanford........ 10
IHB Zaragosa, 6 ......132 2 6 4b 32 23 '2 10 Cochrane.. 2-
.94 col Weghtmn.4,.ls7 -* 34 ,3 iA 46- 42 3 IV* Blakeley.; ;\kK
214 Malo Diablo, 4.... 12^ 6 410 6 63 5 420 Peters ....... 7
19* Herman, 6. ....... 142 .6 6 >6 8 6 " 6 • 6 " tf1gg1n5. ....... 10
99 Huntsman, 6 .....145 1 11 *1 l: 2h • * "• ' ' Rudolph ...... 4 '
Jockey.
Bet tin*.
Op. Cl.
tins.
CJ.
15
■ ■>-v 2
6 5
12
.I 16
5
Uood s.ari.
Won lastly. Winner, I>. M. boyd'u b. g., by Storey- Ultimo. *Fell at last Jump. Time,
00«» SIXTH RACK— Seven-elchthsof amile; selling; purse $350.
Tnd. Horse, age, weight.
St.
■■■1 ~
3 ;
2 ,
5
. 6
4
. 7
¥4
713
.'3 1
.22
»6» 6 i
6
4 1
7 •■
% % 'Btr. Fin.
11 ........ 12 1 1
2b 23 2h
•3 8 ........ 310 320
i 5^ ........ 4 41
6 ........ 6 ; 64
4 ........ '6 64
' 7 ........ 7 v" .»7--------
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. > 1.
1 36 M id!O. 3: :; ;.'.."; . . .88
2J6 Prr«*us,'3.. .:;..'.- 98
(208) Lucfcv Dog.' 6....1 0
2-2 (Two Cheers » 3.... 103
194 Daylight, 3.... ...101
IS7 Shield Bearer, 4..106
218 MluH oss. 3. . . ; . . 98
1 713
3 ;3 1
2 v 2 2
5 .5
6 6
4 4 1
7 7
Jones
H. Martin
hields
Enos
Isom
W. smith
H. Drown
8-5
5-2
6-2:
12.
■20
30 -
30 --
3-2
2
5--'
15
20
20
40
uood start, ' Won driving,
nt. Time, 1:8./. - .
Winner. Burns & Waterbonse's b. g., by imp. Midlothian-Eleciric
race over six hurdles, was sent out a 6 to 5
chance and wound up a bad third. Hay
market, ridden by Stanford, won aa he
pleased from Zaragoza.
The books were slaughtered over the re
sult of the last event. Midlo, plunged on
at odds of 8 to 5, jnmped out in front at
the start and reeled oft the seven furlones
in 1:30, with Perseus second, a neck ahead
of Lucky Dog.
Notes.
Joseph J. Burke, presiding judge at
the Oakland track, has been commissioned
by an Eastern turfman to purchase Tea
Rose if that fast filly can be secured at
any reasonable figure.
Jockey Clawson was fined $25 for un
necessarily yanking and pulling at Addie
Buchanan at the post In the mile handi
cap.
It is said Colonel Weightman's owners
are disgusted with the gelding and are
looking for a buyer with coin at his dis
posal.
Orrin Hickok, the noted reinsman, who
recently arrived from the East, was a
visitor at the track yesterday.
The beautiful Shreve & Co. cup, to be
presented tp the winner of the handicap
at ingleside track on New Year's day, is
now on exhibition at the Palace Hotel
and excites many expressions of admira
tion. It should certainly serve to awaken
in the heart of a true sportsman many
pleasant memories of a favorite horse in
dnvs to come.
Fig Leaf displayed some very roguish
antics at tbe post, and many predictions
were made that she would be left. No
censure could be attached to Starter Har
vey, for she refused to break.
In the way of Australian gate work, Mr.
Harvey's work with the machine during
the meet just closed has been of a very
high older. He has had many vicious
and unruly starters to contend with, and
a glance at the form book will show that
they were almost invariably dispatched
witn their field.
Asthma cure guaranteed, Dr. Gordon's Chocolate
Emulsion. 221 Davis, S.F.CaI. flabot. 6-?s,sam 5c
A STUDENT'S SUICIDE.
John G. Locke Ends His Life With a
Kazor.
John G. Locke, a student of the Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, com
mitted suicide by cutting a frightful gash
in his throat some time within forty-eight
hours preceding the finding of his body
by Captain Thomson of the park police
yesterday morning. The body was in the
brush at the north side of the park, near
'49 camp, and from its condition the
Morgue officials judged life had been ex
tinct for something over a day.
Locke, who was only about 20 years of
age, bad been staying with a brother, also
a student, at the residence of J. W. Place,
2328 Folsom street. Thursday night he
disappeared without previously "givJng
any indication of his nioibid frame of
mind.
His friends can assign no cause for his
desperate act except mental derangement,
induced by hard study. He was evidently
determined in his intention to end his
life, he having taken a pistol and a razor
with him. With the latter he gave him
self a slight gash across the wrist and
then inflicted a cut across the throat,
which the Morgue physician declares the
most cruel he has ever seen.
The young man's family, with the ex
cep'.ion of a sister, who is attending the
Normal School at San Jose, reside at
Lockeford, near Stockton. Wnen found
there was a bicycle cap beside the body.
It was also attired in bicycle shoes and
there was a pants' guard on one leg. The
bicycle was not discovered.
DIPHTHERIA CASES.
Two More V ere Reported at the Health
Department Yesterday.
Two cases of diphtheria, making 121
since October 1, were reported at the
Health oflic9 yesterday. The stricken
ones live at 22 San Carlos avenue, from
which other cases have been reported, and
nt 400 Golden Gate, hardly a stone's throw
from tne Health Office.
At the present rate the number ot cases
for this month bids fair to be double that
of November. In October there were
thirty-nine cases, in November forty-seven
and in the rast twelve days thirty-rive.
In spite of the belief of th» Health Offi
cer tnat the disease has reached a point
where it in epidemic the members of the
Health Board are of a different opinion,
and there is little chance that it will be so
declaren, particularly as the change of
weather will have a tendency to check its
progress.
Some plants, as the peach tree, send
forth their flowers before the leaves have
started.
W. A. DEANE SAYS
HE IS THE AUDITOR
Mr. Broderick's Title to
the Office Is Chal
leng3d.
Alleged Malconduct on the Part
of tbe Inspectors of
Election.
Attorney Schooler Explains Why No
Charges of Corruption Are
Set Forth.
William A. Deane, the regular Republi
can nominee for Auditor of the City and
County of San Francisco at the last elec
tion, has by his attorney, William H.
Schooler, filed a contest to the claims of
William Broderick for that position.
For cause of action Mr. Deane alleges
that votes cast for him were unlawfully
counted for Mr. Broderick or other candi
dates and that if it had not been for mal
conduct on the part of election inspectors,
judges and clerks the official reports
would have shown that Mr. Deane re
ceived more votes than did Mr. Broderick.
For this reason he avers that he is en
titled to the office to which he was right
fully elected by a majority of the voters of
this City and County, and in order to
establish that fact demands a recount of
the votes.
The official returns as promulgated by
tbe Board of Election Commissioners
shows that the vote for Auditor in this
City at the last election stood as follows:
William Broderick 24,317, F. F. Strother
2383, A^a R. Weils 2514. A. F. Chapman
7835, Wiiliam A. Deane 23,447.
If these figures were accepted as true,
which Mr. Deane denies, tbe plurality for
Broderick would be only 870. In chal
lenging the correctness of tbe returns Mr.
Deane assigns a number of reasons for be
lieving that he was actually the recipient
of a majority of tho votes cast and that he
was unlawfully deprived of his victory.
Alleging malconduct on the part of elec
tion officers in different prec nets in the
City, Deane avers, from information and
belief, that many votes cast for him were
wrongfully and erroneously recorded as
having been oast for Broderick, while
some of his votes were credited to Strother,
NEW TO-DAY.
AN APPEAL TO WEAK MEN.
Every man in his normal condition has a certain amount of vitality. If he exhausts or
uses that up he dies. When it is partially lost he becomes weak, nervous. Thousands of men
have lost sufficient of this vital force to unfit them for business or pleasure. Nearly nine out of
ten men are weak in this way and dosing themselves with drugs in their vain effort to get cured.
It is useless to expect this power from drugs, as all medical men admit that vital force is Electricity,
so nothing else will replace it. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is too well known to need a detailed
description. It soaks the body daily with the life of Electricity. This restores the vitality lost
from the system and makes manhood complete. We positively guarantee it to cure all forms of
Nervous Debility, Spermatorrhoea, Shrunken Parts, Nervousness, Forgetfulness, Confusion of
Ideas, Languor, Dyspepsia, Lame Back, Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladder Complaint and the
many evils resulting from secret habits in youth or excesses in maturer years. We wi3h to say
that the marvelous invention,
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
IS -A.3ST ABSOLUTELY POSITIVE CURB.
Nervous Debility.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., December 8, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: At the time I bought your
Belt I was so nervous and shaky that I could not do any work
without feeling perfectly exhausted. I had what is called
nervous debility from excessive drinking and sexual excesses.
I was practically on my last leg*. My powers were all gone,
and I was sat is tied tnat I was a wreck. I had spent over $300
for medicines without tbe slightest benefit, when I was advised
to eet your Belt, I felt an improvement as soon as I commenced
to wear it. 1 continued steadily improving, until I now feel as
strong as I ever did in my life. I feel very grateful to you for
what your Belt has done for me, and shall cheerfully recom-
mend it to anyone in like condition. Yours truly,
H. KNOWLTON,
621 Kearny street. Residence, 2L9 Tehama street.
Spent a Fortune Seeking a Cure.
SACRA.MENTO, Cal., December s, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have worn the Belt you
sent me for about four months, and it has done me a world of
good. I bad a continual drain from seminal weakness, which
is now itopped entirely. My sexual powers are restored and I
sleep and eat well. I feel like a roan again since I began wear-
ing your B#lt. Previous to wearing your Belt I had tried the
best physicians in the East and paid out a fortune, but to no
purpose. Yourß truly, A. J. HAMMOND,
707 I street, Sacramento, Cal.
It Is the Only Remedy That Will Cure.
It has cured thousands every year after all known medicines and other treatments have
failed. The fact is that MEDICINES NEVER HAVE NOR NEVER WILL cure these troubles,
as you well know if you are a sufferer and have tried them. ELECTRICITY — which is nerve
foree — is the element which was drained from the system, and to cure IT MUST BE REPLACED.
We guarantee our Patent Improved Electric Suspensory to ENLARGE SHRUNKEN OR UN-
DEVELOPED ORGANS, or no pay. We faithfully promise to give every buyer the crowning
triumph in medico-electrical science, and have placed the price within the means of every suf-
ferer. A pocket edition of Dr. Sanden's celebrated American work, "Three Classes of Men,"
illustrated, is sent free, sealed, by mail, upon application. Every young, middle-aged or old man
suffering the slightest weakness should read it. It points out an EASY, SURE AND SPEEDY
WAY TO REGAIN STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE HAS
FAILED. Call or address
S-AJSTOEiN" ELECTRIC CO.,
eSS Ma.rlc.et Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Franoisco. Cal,
Office Hours, BA. M. to 6; evenings, 7to 8 ; Sunday, 1O to 1.
Los Angeles Office, 204 South Broadway. Portland, Or., 253 Washington Street.
Wells and Chapman. It is further alleged
that votes intended for Strother, Wells
and Chapman were counted for Broderick,
and that a large number of votes cast for
Auditor were not counted at all.
Deane admits that he cannot state the
exact number of votes so miscounted
against him, nor does he specify in which
particular precincts the errors were com
mitted, but on information and belief
he alleges that by reason of the before
mentioned malconduct and wrongful
counting errors occurred in the canvass of
the votta oy which 1500 votes and upward
were counted for Broderick or some other
candidate for Auditor, and that at least
1000 cast for other candidates were wrong
fully counted for Broderick.
The complaint continues with the alle
gation "that as contestant is informed
and believes, he received a higher and
greater number of votes cast at elec
tion for said office of Auditor than were
cast for any other of the candidates for
said office, and tnxt by resson thereof said
contestant is entitled to all the rights,
privileges and immunities of said office of
Auditor of the City and County of San
Francisco."
After setting forth the fact that he has
complied with all the requirements of the
purity of election law, lieane asks the Su
perior Court to cite Broderick to appear
and answer this contest and that a special
session of tbe couit be called to hear and
determine the question upon a recount of
tbe ballots as by law allowed.
Mr. Schooler explains that the notice
of contest had not been filed at an earii r
date because it was not known offi
cially how the vote was purported to
stand until after the report of the Election
Commissioners had been ii.'eJ. He said
that specific allegations of fraud in partic
ular precincts had been avoided, because
such allegations were not requisite under
the code and that Mr. Deane had no de
sire to reflect upon any election officers in
advance of a disclosure of the condition of
the record.
This sentiment was reiterated by Mr.
Deane. Ho added that a great many af
fidavits purporting to expose crookedness
had been offered to him by gentlemen who
had visited voting-booths throughout the
City, but that he had in every case de
clined sucn offers, preferring to rely on
the result of the recount and letting the
errors as they appear be credited to un
intentional error or clerical mistakes
rather than to wilful fraud.
The case has been assigned to Judge
Trout for trial and will be called up in
Department 8 of the Superior Court to
morrow morning for the necessary prelim
inary proceedings.
Men's Mass-Meeting.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith will deliver the ad
dress before the mass-meeting for young men
at Christian Association building, Mason and
Ellis streets, to-day at 3 o'clock. It will be
his farewell address to the association pre
vious to leaving for the East. Seats free to all
young men ana there will be special music by
a select quartet of male voices.
For the Unemployed.
The unemployed have decided to issue an
other edition of a unique publication known
as "Hard Times." Three years ago an edition
was printed and the sales reached 4O.tHA>.
Copies will b3 furnished to the unemployed
by the promoters at 1 cent per copy.
Cured After Twelve Years of Suffering.
AGNEWB, Cal.. December 7, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: lam pleased to say that
your Bait bas done for ma all the good you ?aiii it would. My
case was one of weakness of twelve years' standing, and I am
now cured. I shall never regret having worn your Bflt With
best wiabes I remain, yours respectfully, T. G. BASHAM.
Worth Its Weight in Gold.
LOS ANGELES, Ca!., November 27. 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I deem it my duty, for the
sake of others who may be afflicted as I was>, to give you a re-
port of what your Belt has done for me. Two months ago I was
badly troubled with seminal weekness of long standing, wnich
brought on lame back, night emissions, impotency, eta, all of
wnich went to make life miserable, instead of a comfort and
pleasure. I saw your ad. in the local papers and concluded to
try one of your Belts. After tb? first weeKs wearing I began to
improve, and have kept on steadily improving up to date, and
now I feel like life is worth living. All the above complaints
have disappeared, and 1 can ehjoy my meals and sleep soundly
all night long and get op feeling refreshed, instead of tired and
weary, as I used to. I cannot praise your be:t to highly. It is
worth its weight in gold to all who have occasion to use It.
Very truly yours, A. HUFFMEYER,
441 South Broad war.
THE YULETIDE JINKS.
The San Francisco Pre»» Club to Gives
Great Entertainment on Satur-
day .Evening.
The Yuletide jinks of the Press Club
will be given on Saturday evening, the
19th inst., at the club rooms in tbe Thur
low block. An elaborate programme has
been prepared. There will be an abund
ance of excellent vocal and instrumental
music; original papers, some gay, but
none too grave; witty speeches and poems
and oiher things in a literary sense to in
terest the members and their friends.
It was at first intended to invite the
lady friends of members, but on reflection
it was thought that perhaps as this was to
be the Christmas jinks, where ordinarily
greater freedom is allowed, it would be
best to entertain the ladies at sometime
hereafter, so it was settled that way.
Among those who are to take part in the
jinks are Wells Drury, Edward Moran,
Judge John Hunt, probably T. T. Wil
liams and a host of others who are known
as handy men with tongue and pen.
The subjoined invitation to the mem
bers voices the spirit that is abroad re
garding the jinks:
Not quite on "the night before Christmas" will w»
Indulge in our an mini i-anta Clans spree.
The reason is obvious, for when we meet
At nine on the nineteenth and happily giest
Our fellows: when song and ihe foam-crest«d beer
Conspire with k»>' Wit for » night < f good cheer,
No knight of the graphite need shun the b:i;be
cup,
As almost a week he will nave to -'brace up"
Ere Christmas arrives with Its joys and the work
he
Will have to perform as a tomb for a turkey.
Then come, gentle member, and hero learn to
know
How to "let the world slide" and to "let the
world go."
ABANDONED HER BABE.
Mrs. P. J. Rausch Is Discharged by
the Insanity Commissioners.
Mrs. P. J. Rausch, who abandoned her
3-months-old baby in a grocery on Turk
and Laguna streets Friday night, was
taken before the Insanity Commissioners
yesterday morning and was discharged.
The bahy was taken by Secretary Kane of
tbe Pacific Coa*t Society for the Suppres
sion of Cruelty to Children and was mean
time placed in Mount St. Joseph's Orphan
Asylum.
Mrs. Rausch was taken from the Mont
gomery Hotel on Monday to tbe Receiving
Hospital with her baby. Next morning
Mrs. Bates of the Home of Refuge on
Golden Gate avenue took them there, but
Friday evening Mrs. Rausch escaped with
hsr baby and fell into her old habit of im
bibing too much liquor. In this condi
tion she abandoned her child in the
grocery and was arrested a few hours later.
Mrs." Rausch is tne wife of the former
proprietor of the Mint Hotel on Fifth and
Market streets, and she says he deserted
her about seven months ago, four months
before her baby was born. She has been
the mother of eleven children, but most
of tnem are aead.
A Turkish turban of the largest size con
tains from ten to twenty yards of the
finest and softest muslin.
910
AN INNOCENT BOY
TO BE SET FREE
R. Herrera in the State
Prison for Another's
Crime.
Petitions for Pardon and Parole
Acted Upon at San
Quentin.
Death of a Convict Whose Sku 1 Was
Fractured by a San Bernar
dino Officer.
The Board of State Prison Directors
met at San Quentin yesterday, and after
transacting the routine business took up
the cases of convicts who petitioned for
release on parole or pardons. In the lat
ter class was Ramon Herrera, who prayed
for full pardon, claiming that he was un
justly convicted and innocent of the crime
of which he was accused. The board will
recommend the Governor to grant a par
dun.
Herrera's case is of more than passing
interest, and the injustice to the young
fellow was tirst made public in the col
umns of The Call four weeks ngo. In
November, 1893, two armed men robbed a
Chinaruan oi several dollars and a\gold
watch on California and Stockton streets,
ieador Baldivia and Herrera were arrested
for the crime, and the Chinaman identi
fied them as the robbers. From the first
Baldivia, who made no defense, asserted
that Herrera was not guilty, buc he de
clined to give the name of his partner in
crime. A little later the Chinaman's
watch was recovered in a pawnshop,
where Manuel Porti llio had s-old it.
Portillio was arrested, but the China
man, fearing conviction for perjury if he
should change tbe testimony he gave in
the Police Court, still declared that Her
rera was the second man. Even before
Portiilio was tried he acknowledged to
several persons that he and not Herrera
was the trinity person, but to be brief, he
was acquitted and Herrera, then about 18
years oid, was sentenced to twenty years'
imprisonment. Baldivia was sentenced
for life. Portillio went to Mexico, on« of
the conditions of his acquittal being that
he leave the State, and ne was killed in
that country while trying to rob a train.
The directors in reviewing the testi
mony of the trial and the evidence of the
young fellow's innocence as developed
since tbe trial, expressed their surprise
that the jury should have convicted Her
rera at all. The conduct of the Police
Court practitioners who had the three
cases was severely commented upon by
the directors for not Drincing forward the
evidence they had or should have had to
save the lad. Tney are thoroughly satis
fied that Ramon Herrera is innocent and
will ask Governor Budd to grant tne boy
a full pardon. Herrera has been in prison
thirty-four months.
A similar recommendation will be made
on behalf of Charles R. Hennessey, sen
tenced for twenty years for grand larceny.
This man was with George Hutcbinson
and several other men drinking with a j
woman in San Francisco. One of tbe
•party claimed that he had been robbed of |
$10, and Hennessey and Hutchinson were I
convicted. Long after the woman con
fessed that sue got away with the money,
which the accused gave her to purchase
beer with, unaer the supposition that it
was a 50-ceut piece. Hutchinson was par
doned and sent to his folks in New Zea
land. Director Wilkins said if one was en
titled to go free the other was also.
The directors will recommend that Gov
ernor Budd pardon Charles R. Thome,
provided the latter leaves the State.
Tnorne while out of funds tried to black
mail Miijor McLaughlin. The major
thinks the fellow is punished sufficiently,
having served three years.
The petition for parole of Redwood Day
was in a measure favorably considered.
Day was convicted of stage robbery near |
Ukiah and was sentenced to eight years' j
imprisonment. Tue testimony at the j
trial showed that 'he ojeraied with, the J
Uleiah church member, Deacon Old ham. j
Tue latter o-d hypocrite sang psalms and |
passed tue contribution-box on Sunday j
and robbed stages during the week. He |
was sentenced to eight years in Foisom. i
Day claimed that he was convicted simply |
because he had worn a long coat while in |
the vicinity of the last robbery. The |
board decided to grant his petition for
parole one year irom yesterday, provided
he leads an exemplary life during the en
suing twelve months in prison.
Abe Adcock asked to be released on
parole. He was sentenced to fifteen years
for robbery in Sonoma county. The pris
oner is at present in the hospital, very ill,
and was not able to appear, but the board
decided favorably to Adcock, and may
recommend either a commutation of sen
tence or a parole. This consideration for
the convict is because he is in very poor
health and has been an exceptionally well
behaved person.
Warden Hale made a report upon the
case of Samuel Webb, who, on November
13, was sent from San Bernardino County
for burglary. Upon his arrival at tbe
prison the turnkey, in taking his measure
ment and description, noticed a fresb
scalp wound on the convict's head.
The convict stated that the constable
who arrested him struck him a heavy blow
with a largo revolver. The prisoner did
not complain of feeling ill for several days
after reaching the prison, but later the
officials noticed that he appeared dazed
and stupid. He was at once sent to the
hospital by Dr. Lawior, the resident phy
sician, who did all he could for tbe con
vict's comfort. The latter continued to
grow worse and paralysis set in on the left
side, and finally he died on November 27.
Dr. Lawior held an autopsy, and upon ex
amining the dead man's head under the
lacerated wound found that his skull had
been crushed, making a hole three-quarters
of an inch in extent. The fracture was no I
doubt caused by the blow of the revolver j
described by Webb upon his arrival.
Warden Hale at once communicated
these facts to tbe Sheriff of San Bernar
dino County, who arrested Constable
Hickok for* manslaughter. Dr. Lawior
went to San Bernardino County in re
sponse to a request of the Sheriff, who
wanted tbe physician's testimony in the
case of the constable.
Warden Hale in his regular report
called attention to several matters of in
terest. One was in relation to prisoners
serving terms of imprisonment upon
more than one commitment. It seems
that Joseph T. Ross was sent from Merced
County on several commitments for
burglary, jail-breaking, etc.
Later another set ot commitments ar
rived, making nine commitments ir, ail,
but no one was for more than three years,
but all would foot up about twelve years.
It was not specified that one term should
commence at the expiration of tbe one
preceding, and the question was how
long under the recent decisions of the
Supreme Court and under the statutes the
man can be legally held in prison. The
board thought best not to take any action
in the case, but let the convict get out a
writ of habeas corpus, so that the court
could decide the matter m case he objects
to servine more than the longest (turee
/ears) term.
The warden reported the appointment of
Charles E. Alden as superintenuent of the
jutemill, E. F. Gilligan as foreman of tbe
iutemiii and J. W. O'Docneil as assistant
in the commissary department, all of
which were confirmed by the board.
Mr. Hale reported that the jutemill has
recentJy been thoroughly renovated and is
now in perfect working condition. Several
changes were made in the spinning and
yarn departments. At present the mill is
turning out from 10,000 to 11,000 bags per
day and no great efforts are being made to
secure speed in that direction. There are
about 1370 bales of jute on hand and 5000
more are coming. The manufactured
bags on hand reach about 2,961,000, and
many inquiries are being made for this
clays of goods. These are exclusive of
197,000 sugar bags sold and awaiting ship
ment.
The prison is now more free from petty
disorders than for a long time past. The
recent transfer of disorderly convicts to
the rock quarries at Folsorn prison has
had a beneficial effect upon those left be
hind.
Of iatethe Warden has been punishing
disorderly prisoners by shaving off their
beards and mustaches, the same as when
they enter the prison, in addition to the
usual punishment of solitary confinement
in the dungeons, ball and chain, forleit of
credits, etc. The forfeiture of their facial
adornments has caused the convicts to be
more careful in their deportment. With
the loss of their mustaches they also for
feit the privilege of writing to their rela
tives for three months.
In discussing a case where credits were
forfeited by a prisoner, the Warden said
that as the holidays approach extra care
has to be exercised to prevent outsiders
from smuggling money within the prison
walls. One case in particular recently at
tracted his attention. A pair of slippers
was sent to a prisoner from New York. It
turned out that the heel of each slipper
was hollow and filled with money, a part
of which was found on the convict.
Not Kramer & Petersen.
The warrant issued on Friday for the arrest
of t. S. Adams on a charge of obtaining money
under false pretenses wa3 not issued on the
complaint of Kramer & Petorsen, proprietors
of tne California House, 62b' California street.
S
MISS CORA MACY, Who Is to Marry A. J. McCormick.
LETTER-BOXES RAIDED.
Capture of a Man in the Very
Act of Trying to Abstract
Mail.
Ha Is Supposed to Have Been Engaged
in a Schema of Systematic
Spoliation.
For some time past complaints have
been made to the postal authorities by
downtown merchants chat their hallway
letter-boxes were being tampered with.
In several cases letters were reported
missing that contained money orders, and
an investigation disclosed three of these
money orders which had evidently been
forged by the same hand, though the
payee was different in each case.
These numerous irregularities proved a
sore puzzle to the Postoffice inspectors un
til last Wednesday, when F. B. Oliver of
the firm of F. B. Oliver & Co. tiled a com
plaint with them. With this as a basis of
operation Inspector J. W. Erwin laid out
a plan for the detection and capture of the
culprit. As a result Simon Bendit is now
in jail charged with illegally opening let
ters addressed to another. .
On Wednesday morning about 11:30
JT. B. Oliver left his office, and as he way
going out noticed two tetters in bis box in
the hallway. One of these he noted par
ticularly, as it was from his wife. He re
turned half an hour later, and seeing no
letters in the box asked his clerk for his
mail. . He was informed, much to his sur
prise, that there was none.
He at once notified the postal authori
ties and the matter was placed in the
hands of Mr. Erwin. -
The latter prepared two decoy letters on
Thursday and placed them in Oliver's box.
One of his assistants was place! on guard.
This gentleman, however, left „ his post at
noon for lunch, and when he returned one
of the letters was gone. The next day two
new decoys were dropped in Oliver's box,
and at noon the former waicner was re
lieved by Mr. McCormack. Mr. MnCor
mack was not on duty long before he . saw
a man enter the hallway in which Oliver's
box, with a number of others, was located,
return to the doorway, look carefully up
and down the street, close the glass .door
leading into the street and then begin
fishing in the boxes with a split stick. Mr.
McCormack without further delay rushed
across the street from his station and was
in time to see his man drop the stick. Mc-
Cormack | picked up the stick and placed
the suspect under arrest, though he had
not succeeded, in abstracting any letters.
The prisoner proved to be Simon Bendit,
who in August, 1894, had; been arrested,
tried and convicted of forgery and sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment. * He
succeeded, however, in getting a new trial,
in wiiich tb.e jury disagreed, and on March I
20 of this year he was released, alter being
confined in the County Jail for about one
and a half years.
When Bendit was brought before In
spector Erwin on Friday he had a package
of about a dozen pairs of ladies' gloves in
his hand. He explained that tuey had
been intrusted to him by: a drummer
named Smith to take to Nathan Goldtree,
his uncle. An investigation disclosed the
fact that the gloves had evidently been re*
turned by mail as damaged, to Stein heritor
& Kalisher and taken from thai firm's box
by thai prisoner. •/ ■■•> .' ' .'v ■". '
- He was examined before Commissioner
Heacock yesterday, in default of $1000
bail was returned to the County Jail to
await a hearing on Tuesday.
The authorities believe they have the
man who has been causing such serious
inconvenience to the ' merchants by sys
tematically raiding their letter-boxes.
» » •
lan King ox .fills in Beeciuua'*— JJkjccjiam'b.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
THE ROMANCE
OF A PICTURE
And How Two Fond Hearts
Were Affected by a
Photograph.
A. J. McCormick 131 3 to Marry
Cora Macy of the Vassar
Quartet.
A San Francisco Business Man Meets
His Fate in a Young Variety
Actress. >.
Philosophers say that on little things
oft en depend the fate of a lifetime, and a
story which has just come to light about
a fair variety actress and a local business
man shows that sometimes two lifetimes
are similarly affected.
The heroine of tbe story is Miss Cora
Macy, late of tbe Vassar Quartet, and the
hero is A. J. McCormick, the manager of
a department in the Crocker business
house on Post street. The little thing
which has affected their lives is a picture
published some weeks ago in The Sundat
Call, but the result of that picture has
been that Mr. McCormick is about to lead
Miss Macy to the altar.
S range to say, it was not Miss Macy 's
picture that appeared in the paper, but
iliat of one of the same "team, as they
say in variety parlance, and thereby hangs
a tale.
The Vassar Quartet consisted, for it ex
ists no longer, of Miss Cora Macy, Miss
Joßie Intropedi, Miss Blanche Chapman
and Jo Sturgis. Jo was the manager of
the "team" and he always showed a
strong penchant for having things his
own way. He was thoroughly imbued
with the idea that of, all the fair singers
Blanche Cuapman was the only one that
merited the name of a star, and his fiat
had gone forth that only Miss Chapman
should be pictured by the press.
In blissful ignorance of this invidious
| distinction made by the manager, the Or
pbeum sent an attractive photograph of
Miss Josie Intropedi to The Call several
days before the Vassar Quartet arrived
from the East. The first thing Sturgis
saw, on taking up the paper on the morn
ing after his arrival, was the picture of
Miss IntropeJi. "Aha!" he said, "this
girl has been sending on her picture, she
imagines "he is our star, I will show her
she is not, :> and he went down like a
cyclone to the management, and gave
tLiem a piece of his mmd, which shook
the ; lucid calm of the management to its
foundations.
As a sop to Cerberus the management
promised Sturgis to move heaven and
earth to get Miss Chapman's picture in the
paper next week, but as the days pro
gressed every one decided that Miss M*acy
would make a prettier picture, and toward
the middle of the week the press agent ab
stracted Miss Macy's picture by stealth
from its p. ace in the case, where it hung
among the other vaudeville stars, and
tried to brave himself to give that for
publication.
The absence of the picture was at once
detected by the vigilant Sturgis, and he
raised such trouble about it that the man
agement decided that henceforth the Vas
sar Quartet should go pictureless as far as
it was concerned. Cora Macy and Josie
Intropedi never heard the end of the pic
ture grievance, though. There were
wranglings and jealousies and bickerings
about it every day, and at last, after the
"team" had played out its engagement
here and had gone to Los Angeles, the
mutual indignation which had first been
engendered by the publication of the pic
ture reached such a pitch that the mem
bers oi the Vassar Quartet could no longer
appear on the same stage in harmony.
Sturgis shook the dust of Los Angeles
off his feet, declaring that he no longer
wanted to be manager for a team which
defied him in the matter of getting pic
tures in the papers. Cora Macy and Josie
Intropedi replied tearfully that they had
nothing to do with it, but they were nev
ertheless left in Los Angeles to shift for
themselves, with nothing to tml back on
but a little ready money and their ward
robes. In this dilemma they made up
their minds to return to San Francisco
and rehearse a new act as the Vassar duet.
Directly after their return here Miss
Cora Macy met A. J. McCormick, to
whom she had been introduced during the
days of theVasaar Quartet. The acquaint
ance which had been interrupted by the
tour to Los Angeles was renewed with
such ardor on the gentleman's part that
the pa»r are now engaged and will shortly
be married.
Miss Cora Macy says that if it had not
been for the picture there never would
have been trouble in the Vassar Quartet,
and if there had not been trouble the
quartet would have gone East ironi Los
Angeles, and if it had gone East she
would not have met A. J. McCor
mick aeain, which is equivalent to saying
that she is about to be married, entirely
on account of tie picture.
Miss Joale IntropeUi has joined the
Tivoli forces, and will appear in "JacK and
the Beanstalk."
For Christmas.
The following appeal is self-explanatory:
The seventy-two children gathered together
in the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children again appeal to the generosity af
their many friends and ask their assistance to
make joyous the coming Christmas holidays.
Donations of money, bedding, clotbiug, tood
or gifts for the Christmas-tree will be most
gratefully received at 2118 Pacific avenue, or
at the nursery, 570 Harrison street, any time
before noon December 24, 1896. The nursery
receives, shelters and maintains all aban
doned children, regardless of sex, nationality
or religion. Respectfully yours, Susie Wells,
2118 Pacific avenue, president Girls' Auxili
ary. P. S.— All donations should be marked
with the name and address of the donor, in
order that they may receive proper acknowl
edgment.
SENATOR LUCHSINGER.
He Says That Economy Will Be the
Keynote at the Coming feeasion of
the Legislature.
J. J. Luchsinger, Republican State
Senator-elect from Solano County, came
down from Vallejo last evening on a
business trip. Incidentally he spoke of
the work that was in band for the next
Legislature.
He reports that the sentiment of the
people of the interior is in favor of a more
economical administration of the State
and county governments, and their repre
sentatives in the Senate and the Assem
bly will be asked to introduce bills or
amendments for the purpose of bringing
about that desirable condition of affairs.
The agriculturists of California are not
the only ones who have suffered by the
stress of falling prices during the past
year. The storekeepers, mechanics and
artisans in the interior have suffered
equally with them, and as their incomes,
precarious at best, nave been scaled down,
they think it no more than right that
State and county officers should be scaled
down also and that taxes should be de
creased in every possible way.
The next thing in importance before the
coming session will be the adoption of a
new primary election law. The wrang
lings, the ballot-box stuffing and other
diseraceful episodes of primary elections
must be done away with. It is proposed
to have all parties hold their primaries on
the same day ana in the same booths
and ail the names of the delegates or can
didates be voted for on one ballot, just as
at a regular election.
Several Californian inventions of voting
machines will be examined by the mem
bers with an idea of adopting a simple and
comparatively inexpensive one.
CALIFORNIA SALMON EGGS.
Twenty-Six Millions Being Exported
From Battle Creek Station.
The United States Fish Commission's
new station at Battle Creek, Tohama
County, will close this week for the sea
son, after having proved itself the most
successful salmon-producing station ever
established by the Government The out
put of e<;gs is 100 per cent greater than
that of any other station. This week and
next week it will have shipped East, to
Europe and to different places on thin
coast 26,000.000 Sacramento River salmon
eggs. Ti:e United States Fish Commission
car No. 3 is now on its way east with
5,000,000 of these eggs, to be hatched and
planted in the Susquehannn and Hudson
rivers and the different New England
rivers tributary to the Atlantic, the inten
tion of the Nat'onal commission being to
make a determined effort to grow Sacra
mento River salmon in Atlantic waters.
The same car also carried a case contain
ing 100,000 eggs that are to be forwarded
to the French Government and hatched
at one of its stations on the river Seine,
and another case containing 50.000 eggs
consigned to the German Government.
Thii week the commission will forward
3,000,000 eggs from Battle Creek station
to Clackumas station, in Oregon; 2.000,000
more to the United States Fish Commis
sion's station at Baird, Cal, and 15,000,000
to the California Fish Commission's sta
tion at Sisson.
The commission confidently claims that
the Battle Creek station, when properly
equipped, is capable of producing 50,000,000
salmon eggs annually. It will endeavor
to obtain an appropriation from the pres
ent Congress sufficient to provide such
equipment a« may bo necessary to provide
for the possibilities of the station.
FOR WESTMINSTER CHURCH.
Dramatic and Musical Kecital to Be
Given Next Tuesday.
There will be a grand dramatic and mu
sical recital at the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium next Tuesday
evening for the benefit of the new Presby
terian church, on the corner of Page and
Webster streets.
The feature will be a dramatic reading
by Elizabeth Strong Worthington, who
will give the thrilling story of "Reuben
Heath" in three parts. The story is full of
dramatic interest and is specially adapted
to elicit all the genius of the elocutionist.
Her faculty in delineating the humorous
side of nuriian nature will be demonstrated
in her reading of "Aunt Mehaiay and the
Britishers."
Mrs. Worthington will be assisted by the
California Quartet, Miss E !a McCloskey,
soloist, and Miss Hattie Lenore, pianist.
All in all, a specially attractive entertain
ment is looked lor.
The affair has been arranged by the la
dies of the church, led by Mrs. C. S. Capp,
Mm. R. B. Milroy and Mrs. E. L. Fisher.
A LONELY SPOT TO DIE.
Jamei Gill Found at Bakers Beach
Suffering; From Knife Wound*.
The employes of the life-saving station
at Bakers beach found an old man on Fri
day, in the brudh near the station, suffer
ing from six jagged knife wounds iv the
neck and two in the left wrist. He had
evidently attempted suicide, his intention
being to sever the jugular vein.
When taken to the Receiving Hospital
he gave his name as James Gill and his
place of residence 3C06 Steiner street. His
wounds were dressed by Doctors Weil and
Bunnell.
Although it was obvious that the old
man had attempted suicide from illness
and despondency he persisted in his state*
ment that another man had done the
cutting and then placed the knife in bia
left hand, leaving him to die.
Arrented for Burglary.
George Moore was arrested Friday morn-
Ing on complaint of Thomas Daly, who resides
on Sixth street, and booked at the Southern
police station on a charge of burglary. Daly
alleges that Moore entered his room and stole
a package of clothing, an alarm clock and sev
eral trinkets of little value- When Moore was
arrested the stolen property was found in his
possession, which will be used as evidence
against him.
Its New Officers.
The Cosmopolitan Culinary Society has
elected the following officers: Augusie Loyez,
president; Paul Debauge, vice-president;
Außuste Faure, secretary; Charles Grell, vice-
S-'cretary; Jules Pourguet, treasurer; Julie n
Tieulie, vice-treasurer; Leon Largente, archi
vist; trustees— Paul Debauge, Camiile Roy and
Leopold Ligon.
NEW TO-DAT.
Nearly all first-class grocers
sell Old Grist Mill Wheat Coffee.
If yours doesn't, enter a protest.
He can easily procure it from his
wholesaler.
You ought to try it, because it
is delicious and healthful.
POTTER & WRIGHTINGTON,
Boston, nus.
HAMEL'S APPEAL
WAS TO DEATH
Dissatisfied With a Court's
Decison He Took
His Life.
Romantic Agreement Which
Was Not Good at
Law.
Despondent at the Prcspective Loss of
His Property He Turned
On the Gas.
Joseph Hamel, aged 58, committed snicide
at his residence, 3422 Eighteenth street,
Friday night. Judge Seawell recently de
cided a suit adversely to Hamel, and it is
undoubtedly this fact which caused his
despondency.
The suit disclosed a romantic story.
For years Hamel and Miss Margaret
Buc&master had lived together. On her
death she left all her properly by deed of
gift to Hamel. Her brother, John Buck*
master, sought to have the deed annulled.
According to the plaintiff Hamel had
used artifices of all kinds, including drugs
calculated to affect the mind, to mold
Miss Buckmaster to his wili in the dis
position of her property. This Hamel
denied. The case was in charge of At
torney Nowlin, the amount involved being
about $6000.
"We had been friends from childhood,"
said Joseph Hamel in speaking of Mar
garet Buckmaster, "and as. years went by
and it seemed that neither of as was likely
to wed we agreed to live together as brother
and sister, and we did. 1 '
Such was the testimony which Joseph
Hamel gave before Judge Seawell in an
action brought by John Buckmaster, a
brother of Margaret, to have a deed in
wTiich his deceased sister had granted all
her earthly effects to Hamel set aside.
Judee Seawell evidently did not con
sider the agreement sufficient considera
tion and he sustained the action.
By the terms of the agreement under
which Miss Buckmaster and Hamel dwelt
under the same roof, each was to bequeath
to the other all property of which he or she
was possessed at the time of death and
the survivor was to pay all funeral ex
penses. Hamel lived up to the latter por
tion of the agreement as Miss Buckmaster
had to tbe former.
He paid the funeral expenses of his
friend and caused a monument to be
erected over her grave. The decision of
Judge Seawall gave him little hope of re
imbursement and liifi title to the house in
Which he lived was destroyed. He had a
little other property, a house and Jot on
Mission street, but not of sufficient value
to Keep him in comfortable circumstances.
He was alone and he could see but one
refuge— death.
The means by which he ended his life
were the same as the deadly agency in the
double tragedy of the day before. He in
dited a long, rambling letter, setting
forth the details of his troubles, to bis
sister, Mrs. Frank Langan of Gold Hill,
Nev.
Then, without lying upon the bed or re
moving any of his coining, he turned on
NEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician whose reputation Is established by ten years of
successful practice at 737 Market street, San Francisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY' caused *"!£"*" hidden vices or ex-
iikinuuv ut.uii.iii' cesseSt is the curse of humanity, the
unpardonable sin. It blights all the pleasures of youth. It
deadens the spirits and weakens the brairi. Its train of ills and
evils tears down the strongest constitution and completely
wrecks the mental and physical man. Thousands of young
and middle aged men through this scourge of humanity have
found homes in insane asylums or filled suicides' graves It
has broken up more homes, caused more desertions and
separations than all other evils combined. If you are a suf-
ferer from this monster of all diseases you should consult
Doctor sweany. He can positively and permanently restore
your wasted and weakened powers, your health and your
strength.
A WEAK BACK Brir »ss an untimely death. It is an unmis-
HLHIV DHbl\ takable sign of diseased kidneys. Does Tour
back ache ? Do you have sediment or brick d ust deposit in the
urine? Do you urinate frequently? Have you weakness of
the sexual organs, partial or total Im potency? If you have
any of these symptoms you have diseased kidneys. To neglect
these troubles means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and
a premature grave. Doctor Sweany invariably cures these dis-
eases.
VARIGOGELE. Hydrocele , and all bladder difficulties treated
■ niißuuuki.i.y ;W ith unfailing success.
RUPTURE New method, sure cure, painless treatment, no de-
"vi ■ r 11 ™ tention from work, no experiment. A positive
certain and permanent cure. .
PRIVATE DISEASES. Gonorrhea, gleet and stricture cured.
rniVHIC UI9CH9CO. Syphilis, the leprosy of the age, posi-
tively and forever cured.
LADIES will receive special and careful treatment for all 1
their many ailments. .
WRITE, if away from the city. Book, "Guide to Health "a
treatise on all organs and their diseases, free on application.
Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, ME).,
737 : MARKBT STHBET
(Opposite Examiner Office), San Francisco, Cal.
the gas and apparently stood waiting for
the deadly stupor.
Joseph Cruza, a friend of Hamel, called
at the Eighteenth-street residence yester
day morning. He knocked at tbe door
and received no answer. Then he thought
he detected the odor of gas. He hastened
to a police station and secured the services
of Officer W. J. Dodge, who broke open
the door. Btretched out at full length,
Curza beheld the body of his friend.
The romance was over.
WOMEN OF '96 BAZAAR.
A Sale of Work to Aid the Children's
Home- Finding Society ot
California.
A bazaar will be given next Wednesday,
Thursday. Friday and Saturday at 420 But
ter street by the Women of '96 in aid of
the Children's Home-finding Society. It
is stated that only tbe money value will
be asked for articles, which will include
dolls, fancy work, art and all sorts of
things which can be utilized for Christ
mas presents. The booth will include a
conundrum art gallery, a candy-store and
a refreshment booth, as well as a table of
fortune, palmistry, etc.
The feature of Saturday afternoon will
be an exhibition of the modern ark. This
is merely a 10- cent market basket, but it
will contain one of the helpless infants for
whom the Children's Home-finding So
ciety finds homes. The child will be on
exhibition on its way to its new home, and
will bold its reception from 2 till 5 P. m.
Children will be admitted free of charge,
but are asked not to forget some donation.
The Women of '96 is a club organized
for study, self-improvement and charita
ble purposes.
ATHLETICS IK THE ARMY.
Preparation* for a Great field Day at
the Presidio. (
Athletic contests in the army are becom
ing popular and engaging alike the atten
tion of commissioned officers and enlisted
men. The recent athletic sports at the
Presidio, in which the Third Artillery and
First Infantry contended for honors and
prizes, stimulated so much interest in
army circles that steps have been taken to
provide a contest in which all the troops
in the Department of California may par
ticipate.
At army headquarters in the Phelan
building to-morrow afternoon a board of
officers will convene to consider tbe sub
ject. The officers composing the board
are: Captain James S. Pet tit, First Infan
try; First Lieutenant John M. Neall,
Fourth Cavalry; First Lieutenant R. C.
Croxton, First Infantry, and First Lieu
tenants Eugene T. Wilson and William G.
H.ian, Third Artillery.
The order concerning the board ema
nates from General Forsytn, the depart
ment commander. Measures will be taken
to procure prizes of a character to invite
active competition. The board will prob
ably hold sessions for several days, and
devise a thorough programme for contests
on the Presidio field.
The co-operation of public-spirited citi
zens of San Francisco, especially in tbe
work of providing prizes, will be wel
comed. It is understood that cash prizes
will not be offered, bat articles for the
adornment of company quarters, or
trophies which may be defended by or
ganizations, will be acceptable.
Testimonial Concert.
At the auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association to-morrow evening a
testimonial concert to W. H. Holt, the organist
and choirmaster of Grace Episcopalian Church,
will be given. It is under the direction of
Frank Coffin, the well-known tenor. Bernard
Mo.lerihauer is down for two violin solos, and
Dr. Tom Hill will vary tho musical portion
with a recitation. The Press Club quartet and
the Grace Church choir will render several
glees and choruses, and I. Homer Henley,
barytone, and Frank Coffin some of their fa
voriie solos. The vocal and instiumental
talent will be aided by R. Fletcher Tilton and
William D. King ot Oakland.
WEW to-pat.
banklpTs
STOCK
■ i • ■ ..
O3B*-
CLOAKS
At AUCTION
AT • :
422 — KEARNY ST. — 422
BEGINNING
Monday, December 14,
AT 2 P. M.,
And Thereafter Daily at 1 1 A. M.
and 2 and 7 P. M.
STYLISH GARMENTS
AT YOUR OWN PRICE!
1 WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD.
Auctioneer.
TOE
WEEKLY v
OfILL
ilt Publishes the Cream of the
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
< PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
Fair and, Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
It's the Paper to* Send East If
You Want to Advertise
California.
®\ The Best A, /wining
©< Telegraphic \/ News That
©< Service on s\. Is Accurate
W The Coast / \& up to date
3— / _ — >
°S- Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ . it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champion of
OC ■•-■■; Thoughtful. ; Truth. ; ,
C* A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
gj ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
<»< home; MAIL, $1.50
jj, INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
ga^ ChiclieMcr's EavUth DUmraa Brand.
f ENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
™>~€TX. Original sad Only d nutn*. A' '
£ U 7tv\ S* r *i • lw »J» • wu»bie. ■> ladies uk /ff\
CTV>Mlft!! Mn< * " nd la lted and 0 " 1 seUilloVW
J^ 2"- llrl *"' " * ll with blue ribbon. T«lt» V^
JTI WfJ«o other* Refutt danytrnu* tubnitn- ▼
'\L '■>■ <£\ ?rZ2 U m £? ion ': *">"•«»«•. <w"a4«*
cosmopoijit A. JNT. ■■■' f
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 fifth st., saa
franclsco, Cal.— most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room Vi, *1 20 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25a Booms Ma
and 700 a day. - i'r«e coach to and (rom the hotat.
~ook lor the coach bearing the naiua of the O«»
moßOlltaa UotoL WJd. MAUMX, f*oj.ntws.SUPERINTENDENT STAHLE
WILL NOW HAVE TO RESIGN
fp Board of Health Has So Said and Gunn Has
(g; !; Also Been Suspended for Playing Wheel
'%::■ barrow at Midnight.
HIS CERTIFICATE TO BE
WITHHELD TILL JULY
RqstiU of the Investigation of
the City and County Hos
pital Scandal
OTHER CHANGES WILL BE MADE
IF NEED BE.
No Successor to Dr. Stab, c Has Been
Decided Upon— Tne Training
School May Go.
The Board of Health has begun its work
of turning the City and County Hospital
"jtjiside down," as one of the members of
tt: board a short time ago said it
J .id do.
'l he worfc has been very quietly begun
b--;iind closed doers and will be as quietly
continued, but it would appear that it is
. >:^e the less thorough.
It has been decided to allow Dr. Stahle
JO rejiign his office as Superintendent.
iTr. Gunn, the interne who tried to play
&t the game of wheelbarrow with one of
nurses up and down tne main corridor of
•..e hospital after midnight of November
.7; lias been suspended, and will not be
gjy«n the certificate until next July that
Otherwise would have been his with the
cosepf this month.
.A 3 :*9 r xiie four nurses who were parties
t«.fne rrridnight frolic, they have been
suVpeo'ded under graduated sentences —
■ so as to fit the crime. The least
will be allowed to return to her
.- ■iti one month, the next in degree of
friiiH^Kifl do the same a month later, or
f.vo months hence; the third is under
t pienbe for three months and the fourth,
. rieaamably the wheelbarrow in the case,
Tv'ilj.find the doors of the hospital closed
.^t- for four months.
Ttrlfc.say tne members of the board, is
tlief.iiegrun.tng of the changes to be made
as «-".continued inquiry may discover the
need; The board proposes to look into
tiiji methods and conduct of the hospital
thbedughty, and whatever changes may be
d^emßd; necessary to bring about a proper
aftd successful regime at the hospital will
certainly be made.
T be successor of Dr. Stahle has not been
deter'minea upon, at least if he has the
bOardJieeps the fact to itself. The mem
bers say that no superintendent will be
navijed' for some time.
ltis.aUogether likely that a movement
vi.l be started that will shortly dispense
:her with the training-school for
nurbes attached to tha City and County
Hoipital.
A short time ago Dr. Morse was the
"ynJy member of the board who was directly
eppoaed to the school as conducted ttiere.
He. insisted that the wards or charges of
the City — the indigent sick wno were
taken there— had the same right to ex
perienced nursing that the patients of
other hospitals were eiven ; that the City
was rebporisible lor their care and was cer
tainly rich enough to provide it.
The other members are rather disposed
to take this view of it since the escapade
of the night of November 27 and the de
velopments that have followed on the
heels of the inauiry that it provoked.
"A bevy of very young women who may
hope 10 be nurses and a corps of very
young men thrown together in the loose
fashion that seems to prevail out there
are pretty certain to frolic, and that won't
a\o in any public institution, especially a
hospital," said one of the members yes
terday.
"That story about Miss Patton, the head
nurse, smoking cigarettes and that sort of
thing is so absurd on its face that tt
ECtfrcely needs denying," said Dr. Fi:zgib
bon. "There is nothing in the conduct of
the head nurse tbat lays her open to cen
sure at the hands of the board."
ROPUS CHOATE.
He Stood Easily at the Head of All the
•C": Forensic Speakers of Hia Day.
Again, Mr. Choate was an orator— and
Hn orator with a range scarcely paralleled
in our conn try. He stood easily at the head
of all forensic speakers against whpra he
tvas pitted. He held the breathless atten
tion of a Senate where lingered the echoes
of Weoster's voice, and where Clay and
1 Calhoun were still to be heard ; and he was
jrika first-rate favorite on the platform of the
onvention and the lyceum ata time when
hath teemed with fascinating and instruc
tive speakers. To occupy a first-class rank
in three such highly specialized lines of ora
tory is rare indeed; yet no one eyer dis
puted Mr. Choate's right to that position.
Before Mr. Webster bad been dead nine
montha Mr. Cboate delivered bis eulogy
at Dartmouth College, and Mr. Everett,
speaking of the oration in the next month,
called the orator "our matchless Choate,
who Has just electrified the land with a
burst of eloquence not easily to be par
alleled in the line of time." Founding
his oratory upon the solid base of pro
found learning, whether in law, in govern
ment or in literature, be kindled the mass
of all these acquisitions by his rhetorical
p eniu3 into a consuming heat and a daz
zling light all bis own. ...
Mr. Choate's oratory was distinguished
for an intense richness and exuberance of
language, caught in no slight measure
from his favorite Cicero. Tnis sometimes
makes bis speeches difficult to read; the
overflowing sentences are too long, the
teeniiug fancy, the bounteous illustration
Ver e,s on the grotesque. But they were
meant for the hour, to t>e heard, not read;
and two things carried off every vestige of
tedium or incongruiiy. First, Mr. Choate a
personal at pearance on every occasion
was bo striking tbat it held the attention
of bis auditors with an influence that was
magical. Of other distiuguished orators,
William Pinkney was famous, as was
Krskine in England for the extreme,
aJmost foppish, elegance and splendor
of bis appearance; Henry Clay presented
4 singular combination of features,
tfcc most uncouth that could easily be
imagined, with a gallantry of delivery and
magnetism of tone that generally cap
tivated any new hearers, but mingled wnfi
a great iniperiousness and defiance tbat
made not a few enemies in the Senate.
Sergeant 8. Prentiss, second to no Ameri
can, speaker in bis amazing power of
■rousing enthusiasm, offered at the outset
a presence as insignificant as St. Paul's.
Mr. 'Webster's niasßive stature and deep- 1
set eyes are familiar to all, though the
slow manner and ponderous diction of
later years belonged to the days of his
greatest triumphs. But the power of Mr.
Cboate's look and manner was something
of a different order. His shock of raven
hair, his wildly flashing eye. his paunt
frame, his sallow cheek, his restless action
and, above all, his strangely musical voice
and rhytnmical delivery, arrested and heid
attention in an uncanny, a witchlike
manner, une.-mhly in every note, look and
movement — New Enelanu Magazine.
AMERIOAN SOCIETY.
Mr. H. L. Godkiit Sayg That TVa Have
Very Little of It.
We have no great landholders and there
is no popular recognition of the fact that
a great land-owner or great man of any
sort needs a great house, says E. L. God
kin in Scribner's. In the second place,
we have no capital to draw on for a large
company of men and women who will
amuse each other in a social way, even
from Friday to Monday. The absence of
anything we can call society— that is, the
REV. C 17 HENNING,
union of wealth and culture in the same
persons — in all the large American cities,
except possibly Boston, is one of the
marked and remarkable features of our
time. It is, therefore, naturally what one
might expect, that we rarely hear of
Americans figuring in cultivated circles in
England. Those who go there with so
cial aspirations desire most to get into
what is called the Prince of Wales' set, in
vfchich their national peculiarities furnish
great amusement among a class of people
to whom amusement is the main thing.
It would b- easy enough to fill forty or
fifty rooms from Friday to Monday in a
house near New York or Boston. But
what kind of company would it be? How
many of the gnests would have anything
to say to each otner? Suppose stocks to
be ruled ont, where would the topics of
conversation be found? Would tnera be
much to talk about except the size of tne
host's fortune!and that of some other per
sons present? How many of the men
would wish to sit with the ladies in the
evening and participate with them in
conversation? Would the host attempt
two such gatherings without abandoning
his efforts in disgust, helling out the whole
concern and going to Europe?
THE OLD SQUISE'S SCHEME.
Why His Projected '-Coup" on the
Bscetrack Did Not Couuect.
Old Squire Workem had b6en going
about several days buried in deep thought
and having as little as possible to say,
says the Detroit Free Press. There had
been no profit in the grains, fruits or
stock that he had raised. He could get
nothing out of thof«e who owed him, for
they had been squeezed dry. He had
plenty, but it had always been the pas
sion of his life to get more. Finally he
sent for Link Perkins, a shiftless but
shifty Yankee, to whom the squire never
spoke.
•'Link," began the squire, "do you read
the papers?"
"Jist the sportin' news mostly, sir.'
"PrecmHy. Then you know what a
coup ii. You must have read how a few
fellows down in Mexico cleaned up $250,
-000 and later how another gang found
$25,000 at Chicago, all by working thi«
coup business, understand."
"Yes, I heerd all about it 'Twar slick
business."
"Well, Link, knowing thatyou can keep
your mouth shut I propose that you and I
work a coup. That brown filly of mine
can outrun anything in this part of the
State. They all know her, but I want you
to disguise her some way, take her down
into Hackaway County as a new one and
back her for all the money you can get
against her. I'll furnish the money, but
must not be known in the matter. "YVnat
do you think of it?"
"Thar'o a fortune in it, squire. We Kin
break the Hackaway crowd an' they'll
never know bow 'twar done."
The race came off and Link bad a barrel
ofthe squire's money on the fiiiy that her
owner wouid not have known. She started
like a shot out ot a gun, but after a few
iumpa bolted for home, took the fence
like a hunted stag, left her rider in a tam
arack swamp and reached the station in a
broiten-down condition.
Link never showed up, simply because
be had worked the coup so as to provide
liberally for hisown future. All the squire
did was to prepare a bill for the next Leg
islature making it a penal offense to even
attempt a coup on a racetracfi.
Japanese bouses in the larger cities are
of one general shape, two stories high,
and are put together by a curious method
of mortising, at which these people are
adepts, not one nail being used through
oat the construction of the building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
FOR NO SECT, BUT
FOR ALL IN NEED
Rev. C. W. Henning to
Start a Novel Institu
tional Church.
He Disclaims Any Formal In
novation and Declares for a
Basis of Union.
Something; About the Gentleman Who
Will Next Werk Start His Re
ligious M:v:ment.
Key. C. W. Henning, who is well known
throughout the State in Methodist and
Congregational circles, has decided to
start what is tantamount to an institu
tional church. The main objects of the
movement are embodied in the following
card:
BASIS OF rUION.
We whose names are attached hereto, de
sirous of uniting all the forces that make for
righteousness, and recogr.iziner in the teach
ing of Jesus of Nnzßreth a .sufficient guide in
the regeneration of the individual, of society
and of the state, do agree upon this simple
basis of union, and cordially Invite all who
will accept his teaching to unite with us in
such studies and practical measures as this as
sociation may elect, in accordance with its by
laws, to promote and extend the kingdom of
God on earth.
Provided, always and particularly, that no
article of belief other than that above indi
cated, or that will conflict with the creed of
any evangelicsl church, shall be imposed
upon any uniting with us.
Upon this basis of union, we pledge our
selves to teach and practice personal self
denial and mutual helpfulness to the end that
justice, truth and mercy may be established
in the earth, and that the divine right of every
member of society to life, liberty and the pur
suit of happiness may be secured by our insti
tutions and laws.
Regular meetings at Washington Hall, 35
Eddy street (opposite Tivoli Theater), every
Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7 :30 p. m. Rev. C. W.
Henning, lecturer, 1012 Wood street, Oak
land.
In further explanation of the project
Rev. Mr. Henning said yesterday:
"We have already interested some
thirty or forty people in the movement
and have secured means to insure its be
ing carried on financially.
"The work of the organization will be
threefold — educational, reiormatory and
in relief. T. c educational means include
a reading-room, library and course of lec
tures, the reformatory work will em
brace a home for helpless girls at nominal
cost, and relief plans comprise visiting the
sick aud prisoners and looking after those
in distress. There will be no pecuniary
obligation required from those who unite
with us, though all will be expected* to
coniribute according to their means.
"There will be the freest possiblediscus
slon of all questions, economic, secular
and religious. Every Sunday we propose
having lectures, to include a public con
gress on some subject to be announced a
week ahead, upon which the people will
be invited to write papers of a certain
length.
"We intend to begin work a week from
to-morrow, when our objects will be more
fully explained and a sermon will be
preached on 'Who is Jesus?' "
Hey. C. W. Henning came to California
in 1861. graduated in the Catholic college
at Santa Clara in 1863. was admitted to
the California M. E. Conference in the
same year and in 1870 went to Napa City,
where he edited the Napa Register for two
years." He started and published the Cali
fornia Grander in 1873-74 In San Jose; was
employed on the bulletin in San Fran
cisco in 1874-6. went East and was trans
ferred to tue Kansas Conference in 1877.
In 1881 he went to Illinois, where he lost
his sight through an accident and, after
a visit to Kansas City, returned to CalU
fornia in 1886. He resided on a farm there
for four years and took charge of the Daily
Times there from 1889-90, when he went
to Los Angeles and edited the Southern
California Christian Advocate from 1891-92, ,
He then changed from the Methodist to
the Congregational denomination and
took charge of the Second Congregational
Church in Oakland from 1892-93. He
has resided in Southern California until
last October.
He began his present line of work as a
specialty in Kansas City in 1886, when he
started a mission where over 2000 con
verts from intemperance were claimed.
He gave many meais, much employment
and found much employment for many,
he says. He states that he was the mov
ing spirit of the "exodus committee" in
Kansas in 1879-80, when he heloed to
colonize about 50,000 colored people. He
tried a similar work to that now proposed
hew in Oakland, but says that it failed
owing to lack of his personal supervision.
His plan, he siys, comes under the
head of "socialist reform" work, after Dr.
Heron's school of "applied Christianity,"
and does not propose to interfere with any
society work of a beneficial character.
The Deafness ot White Cats.
"Though I had often heard of it I never
wa« fully fatistied that all white cat* are
naturally deaf until recently," said a sci
entific gentleman, who devotes considera
ble of his time to experimenting with the
lower order of animals. "I was aware
that Professor Bell in his original experi
ments in connection with the telephone
had ascertained and stated that his expe
rience with white cats were that they were
all either deaf or very deficient in hear
ing, and that other experimenters in the
same direction had reached similar con
clusions. To satisfy myself I recently •se
cured in all twenty-three white cats and
experimented ou all of them, one at a
time.
"In every case 1 found them stone deaf.
In carrying the experiment further I
found that white dogs and white borse3
are deficient in hearing, and tuat many
of them are entirely deaf. So are white
rats and white mice. 1 am confident
I do not overstate it in regard to white
cats, though 1 have only personally expe
rimented with twenty-three, and, of
course, can only speak positively in regard
to tnem. I don't hazard much, however,
when I make the bold statement that all
white cats are deaf." — AVashington Star.
NEW YORK'S EGG TRADE.
Special Men Employed by the Big Deals
™rs as Tenters.
The egg industry, while a very extensive
one, is not a very lucrative one, at least
here in this city. The commission mer
chants say tl.at there is little profit to the
shipper and very often the investment re
sults in an actual loss.
However flimsy the pretext ma 7 be, the
commission merchants maintain that.egsrs
in themselves are not profitable, but tbat
it behooves them as dealers in country
produce to sell them. They say that their
largest source of revenue is from other
food stuffs.
On April 28 there were received in New
York city 9758 thirty-dozen cases of eges.
For the six days prior to and inclusive of
that date 11,183 thirty-dozen cases of egg 3
were received. Twelve days previous to
April 28, for a period of six days, 86,321
cases of eggs were received.
The quality of the ejigs is irregular. The
largest dealer of eggs in the world, in this
city, estimated that between 9000 and
10,000 30-dozen oases of eggs were used
daily by New Yorkers in the spring.
These 9000 30 dozen cases of eggs repre
sent 1,240,000 eggs, an average of less than
one egg to each inhabitant. In the sum
mer the eggs are harder to keep fresh and
are not used to so great an extent.
The greatest sources of supply for the
New York market are New Jer-ey, East
Pennsylvania and New York. The Easter
trade in eggs is always good in New York
and the eggs command fancy prices.
A small t ader on the east side who
deals exclusively in "prime to middlings"
and "seconds" has a very misleading
sign in front of the store in the spring. It
reads:
: FRESH LAID EGGS :
: '.-'. 24 FOR 25 CENTS. :
; ORDERS FILLED :
• WHILE YuU WAIT. :
There is no hennery attached to the
store, and it is doubtful if even a coop can
be found. . , . , .
The testing of eggs is very interesting.
One farm on Dey street employs forty men
whose sole occupation is to test eggs.
The rooms are darkened, and the . men,
seated by their baskets of eggs and recep
tacles for bad eggs, test the eggs by means
of lighted candles.
The experts nimbly take up -a half
dozen of eggs at a time and hold them
to the light. If the egg is clear, it
is all right; if dark or cloudy, ,it .is
spoikd. In the summer reason some ex
pert "handlers" or "testers" asseverate
that they have seen full grown chickens,
and they do not believe in Rontgen rays
either.— -New York Evening Sun. ,; x-;~
BARONESS BURDETT-COUTTS.
The Old Home Where Many Interest
ing i£Tenta Havte Taken Place.
At the chief entrance to Holly Lodge,
Lady Burdett-Coutts' country home on
the northern heights of London, there is
a relic of Mrs. Coutts, its former owner,
whose fancy caused a horseshoe to be
nailed on the threshold, says the London
Mail. In the wide entrance hall, now
thronged with well-dressed guests, hang
rare old portraits, engraved and in mezzo
tint. Many of the c are interesting,
historically, to the family.
Hoily Lodge has been the scene of many
interesting iestivities and entertainments.
Its close proximity to London makes it a
convenient rendezvous for the statesmen,
churchmen, artists, litterateurs, Boldiers,
travelers and scholars who are proud to
call its owner friend.
What a strange position for a young girl
to find herself in. At the ace of 23 the
richest woman in the land, not excepting
our own Queen, and the head of a great
banking house second only in importance
to the Bank of England itself.
Many were the conjectures: "What will
she do with this vast wealth? Will it
minister to the selfish pleasure only of its
KEW TO-DAT.
breaks up
of all kinds.
I-a CSrippe.— The Grippey kind, that
"hangs on," is knocked out by "77."
Conghs. — Whißtling and wheezing,hard
and stubborn; that lead to Asthma,
Bronchitis and Pneumonia.are stopped
by "77."
Influenza.— Flowing, tearful, with red
eyes and nose, is checked by "77."
Catarrh.— Acute or Chronic.loss of taste
and smell, dropping in the throat, "77"
restores the lost senses, eradicates the
disease.
Sore Throat. — Quinzy, Diphtheria,
loss of voice of Clergymen and Speak*
era. The throat is healed, the voice re-
stored by "77."
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
eases at your Drmrslst's or Mailed Free.
A small bottle of pleasant pellets, firs 1 the vest
pocket. Sold by Drutrelsts, or sent on receipt of
25 cents or five for $1. Humphreys' Med. Co.,
Cor. William <B John Sts., New York.
TBE GREAT
GMsmas Bicycle Sale.
One Hundred High-Grado Wheels
FULLY GUARANTEED,
WILL BE SOLD
AT PUBLIC AUCTION.
REMKMBER
THAT ON DECEMBER 22
You Can Purchase a Wheel at Cost.
WILL E. FtSHER & CO., Auctioneers,
33-35 .-.am St., -an Francisco, <Jal
"MONEY-MAKING SECRETS"
Explaining how llwral incomes may oe easily
and safely earned, will be mailed FRBE to all
who mention this publication when addressing f .
BANKER, 64 WALL ST., NEW YORK.
possessor or will it be held as a precious
trust to be spent on the wants of the
many?"
The query is best answered by the Baron
ess' many charitable schemes.
It was mainly due to her unceasing de
votion that the bill was passed in 1889
which po materially improved the condi
tion of the little ones. Further efforts
were crowned by her work in establishing
the National Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, the first meeting tak
ing place in the Baroness' own pretty
drawing-room.
The name of this society reminds us of
another which the "Good Baroness" was
mainly instrumental in founding, for the
prevention of cruelty to animals.
The Baroness is tall and thin and very
graceful. She ha 3 the sweetest voice and
most gracious manner of any society lady
living.
Pieicißg iae nesli wuu even the finest
needle t-urts, because the nerves are so
thickly matted jusr under the skin thai
not even the finest point can be introduced
without wounding one or more.
HEW TO-DAT.
tSowF"
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
JUST RECEIVED
Direct from Paris a complete
stock of Roger & Gallet's Fine
Perfumes and Toilet Articles.
POPULAR HANDKERCHIEF PERFUMES.
Bottle.
Violet de Parrae $ 75
1 eau d'Kspagne 85
White Iris 1 00
Felicia 100
Heliotrope Blanc , 1 Ou
Oeillet Blanc 1 00
Marechal Mcl Kose 1 25
EXQUibirE iOILET WATERS.
Bottle.
Violet de Panne ? 75
White Iris 85
I'eau d'Kspiarne 85
Heliotrope Kiaac 85
Marechal Niel 85
Oeillet Blanc 100
1128 Market Street, San Francisco.
Cor. Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 Sooth Spring Street, l.os Angeles.
22 Geary St., Near Kearn j.
Telephone Grant 518.
HOLIDAY
ATTRACTIONS!
Black Ostrich Boas
Black Silk Skirts.
Black Silk Waists.
Black Wool Skirts.
The Largest Assort-
ment of Black Silks
and Wool Dress
Goods in the City.
R. T. IKIIEDT COIIPISY.
Woi7A AD C
DA£AAI\
The
Rush
Is Here!
And we are the most rushed
because we have everything
~ ." ", that everybody is rushing: for.
silver NOVELTIES,
DRESDEN CLOCKS,
LEATHER goods,
UMBRELLAS,
STATIONERY,
BOOKS, BIBLES,
GLOVES and FANS.
Jewelry, Watches and Diamonds, .
. ' Albums, Dressing-Cases, Purses,
Card-Cases, Hand-Bags,
; • Inkstands and Gold Pens, -
Tab es and Flower Pots,
Baskets and Vases, Piano Lamps,
-'-- Velocipedes and Tricycles,
.Fine Neckwear, and Canes.
Cutlery, Plated ware, ;
: Bric-a-Brac, Statuary and Lamps.
Paintings and Etchings,
Christmas Cards,
Wagons end Playthings,
Toy Furniture. '
TOYS, DOLLS, CANDY.
In fact, everything you can think of
Suitable for Christmas.
FOWLER AND BEN-HUR
BICYCLES.
Note— Goods delivered free or charge In Sauss> ,
llto, Blithedale. Mill Valley, Tiburon, Antioch.Saa.
itafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Naps, Saa
Lorenzo, Melrose, , Ban Leandro. Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. ■
NEV TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ;
c*wv at? liIIrII ti ii dtc i
ul 1 1 ur r Alilo
COLORED DRESS GOODS I
EMPHATIC BARGAIN in the LATEST NOVELTIES
SPECIAL PRICES FOR THE HOLIDAYS
40 pieces 41-INCH ALL-WOOL AND SILK TDPTED CHEVIOT <_Q en FULL
CHECKS AND'M1XTURE5...,...;..........:......... ChJ.UU SUIT.
35 pieces IMPORTED NOVELTIES in Silk and ."Wool and all Wool, CJQ 7 C FULL
,, Two- Toned Poplins. Bourettes, etc.. in the latest colorings.... uHj.IO SUIT.
23 HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS, regular fIJIC tin A <Ul7 Cfl
price $27 and $30— reduced t0.... .... JDlu.Ull and vM/.OU
350 DRESS PATTERNS, in all the latest materials, spe- fl»() 7C . n fljifl R{l FULL
:ciallyputupforXMAS PRESENTS... W&.ld to U>IU.9U SUIT.
. TO BE SACRIFICED!
2000 REMNANTS of all kinds of S Ik and Wool and All-Wool Novelties in Plaids,
Jacquard Figures. Leather Cloths, etc.. in lengths varying from 2 to 10 yards.
C3-iLjO"V__3S_si
LADIES' 4-BUTTQN KID, fancy backs, worth $150............... 81. Pair
CHILDREN'S 2-BUTTON KID. fancy backs, worth 85c... ................. .COc Pair
LADIES' CLASP PIQUE EMBROIDERY, regular price $125 $1.00 Pair
MEN'S FUR-LINED DOGSKIN, worth 85c... ......'....... .ff O c Pair
SE X3T:-A.JB3_i_3l 3BEl_=»_9- KTOlj,
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S.Broadway, Los Angeles
RAIXROAD TRAVEL. [
S. F. AND PORTLAND EXCUR-
. SIGN TRAIN.
DECEMBER 4, •9, 14, 19, 24, 29, i
And'Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave From 8. P. < o.'s Ferry Landing, Foot of
> arket Street, a. 8:110 p.m.
CDCPIAI ) 010 Including Berth,
bPtuIAL ( OI _. Tourist Sleeper.
w ' 721i-ir ( X 4 ri FirstClas*. including
RATES V $19 1
•For furuier Information apply at til.-* Market !
street (orand Hotel Ticket Office), Mao Francisco. ;
EICHAKD GRAY, T.H.GOODM >N,
■ ■ Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3IPASY.
(PACIFIC HVHTKM.)
Train* leave »ml are due to iirrlve at I
- MAN 1 It AN. 1S« O. J
Leavk— From November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896.— ARitrva <
•6:OOa Niles, Ban Jose and Way Stations . . . 8:45*
?iOOa Atlantio Express, Ogdeu and Kast.. SiiHr
7 :OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Bedding via
Davia _........ 6»45p j
7:30 a Kartinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa, ;
Calistoga and Santa Rosa .• 6:13p
•:80a Niles, ■ Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Jlarjsvilla and lied -.
Bluff 4iinp
•SjSOa Peters and Milton »7:13p
8:00 a New Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
Yoscmite), Fresno, Bakerslield,
- Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, Dem-
" ing, ■ £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 4i4Bp !
<:»:©«_ Martinez and Stockton 4:4! ip
»:OOa Vallejo .......s. 6:13r
~ ....... Niles, Kan Jose, Livcrmore and ,
j 5t0ckt0n................... 7:15p
•l:00p Sacramento River Steamers  M»:«M»p
:30p Port Costa and Way Stations 17:45*
4:OOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vullejo, .
Napa, Calistoga, LI Verano and ' ■
Sauta Rosa 9ilBa
4:OOp Benicia, VacaTilie, Woodland, ■ ;
- . Knights Landing, MarygTille, Oro- -
ville and Sacramento J1:I»*
4i3Op Niles, San Jose and Livermore Bi43A
4:30 e Los ' Angeles Express, Stockton, .
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los -
: Angeles 10i4Sa
- 4:30p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare aml East . ............ ] 0:43 a
8:0»p European Mail, O{-(len and ]_ 5t.... 9i43a
6:0«p Hnyivank, Nilesaud San Jose 7:43 a
J7:oop Vallejo t7««»
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- -
ville. Redding, Portland, Piiget
Sound aud East .................. llil»A
\10:09p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, ■ Los '
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East.. ....§lg>43>
SANTA CIUIZ DIVISION (Nurrow «Jaiige>.
1:1 3a Newark, Ceii i. )o»e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ....... .........; B«5«F
•8:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
. Stations..... ......JJtao*.
4: l.Yr Newark, Han Jose and Los (Utos ... U:3oa
\ 11:4 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7iBQp
COAST IU VISION (Tliinl A TowiiM'inl !Slk.)
U:4sa San Joee and Way Stations (New "
■■'---- Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOr
•:19A San Jose, Tres l'luos, Sauta Cm?.,
Paclllo Grove. Paso Roblcs, San -
I.nls Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny Stations ........". '■ 7:0B»
10:40 a San .lose and Way Stations siOBp
I1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations....... »:UOp
*2:3Oi>San Mate?, Menlo Park, Sau Jose, ,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Balinaß.Mout.ereyinitlPaciiicUrove *Ioi4oa
•8:»Op San Jof and Way Stations ........ 9:30 a
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations »»:lOa
S:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:3Oa
' 6:»Op San Jose aud Way Stations (>-. :ir>.\
♦ 11:45 - San .lose anil Stations t?:4Bp
' SAN LKAXIHIO AM> HVY>VAUI» 1,01 A L.
• t«6:OOA "I , ~ ( 7:1 3a
8:00 a . • (0:45 a
iS'SSa Helwse, Seminary Park, s ills!
'"Sop Fikhbur ? ,S.nl ( e«dro ftUg
8:00* Md . 4:43*
4:00p 8:43p
3:00p TTkt— »rr!«. 6:13p
si3op H»yward«. . 7:|r>p
7:00p B:4*P
U-OOp < Runs through to Nile*. loisbv
ttl 1 : 13p J ( From Niles. ttlg:OOg
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SaN mNCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1;JO *2:00 t3:GO
•1:00 45:00 .*6:00f.m.-. tv'v
Prom OAKLaUD— Foot «f Broadwiy.— • *6K)O 8.-00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 •1:00 $3:00 *3:00 tt:o9
>S:OOp.M.* ■■• ■"' '■■■■■■ - .-• ■■:■■■ ■■_
A for Morn in P or Afternoon. - : •
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
■ - t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SlTnesdajg and Saturdays. ■ §Bundays and Thursday*
Atlantic
Pacific /^^^L,
BAILBOAD , ■^^JH^^^aJ
Trains leave «uJ arrirs •tSBhSSSKSffiSfeI
Market-Street I'erry. BnKggpjggijjj
mix F ; _IXPEESS..^^^B
To Chicago via A. & P '^_^S^^S^|yi
Leaves da ly at 4 :30 r. v., carrying; Fnllman Palace'
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis. . f*3S£S*!?»*-*«M|B»»'l I'UUW IW»Ui
Boston Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White ..Mountains leave every
i Tuesday..- ■ •■ V '' ' "-""re ■■■.."-'-"-.-■_■
: The best railway from California to the East.
New Tails, new lies: no dust; in'erestinK scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. .
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.,' Chronicle Building-. Telephone Mail]
IC3I. Oakland. Ills ii road way. <
i^^i^^MANHd(IDRFSTOREO^"-vS
IS^^Cjfflß^-rf IllnllllUUU iBBuU 8 UllLUvitaliLr.Uieprescrlp.
; Htw <cSf &S& B%& __> a tion 01 a famous French physician, will quickly cure you ol all ncr-
llS#^ vons or the generative such m Lost Manhood,
»• -55? *5f Lf9n <3? a tion oi a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
llv '\\ \(T rV vous or diseases of the generative orgraui, such as Lost Manhood,
••-Hj vL ■''___/> V|i A.JI 'Insomnl*. Pains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervons Debility '
JF I JB&&L nf (aHb Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting 1 Drains, Varicocele and
fi V/». I* V ~~Z7 Constipation. ilt stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick-
"H • X >-^ V^^^/ ness ol discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and I
*'M BFrnD > _. _, .rrra all the horrors of Impotency.cri-IDEJIE cleanses the liver, ,
►g HtrUK. (NO Mr Icm Itidneysand the urinary organs of all imparities. . , •
."■ CVPIQENE strengthens and restores weak organs. , -_~ ,
t, The reason sufferer- are not cured by Doctors is b>cause ninety per c»"t are tronbled with
i" _»ro_t_titliiTcUPlDElfE is the only knov»i remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 test Imoat.
»ls. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent ear*
a box, six for J5.00,by mail. Send for j-ree circular and testimonials.
Address DAVOIj MEDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.' Forsaleby
'--■:!A^™"-ff^-"^^O -^ " BROOKS' PHAP.M AC Y, il 9 Powell strew.
RAILROAD T-tAVKt!
s¥FRASCIs¥&iRTa¥-
PC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market 36.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 A. it: l.:S\
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. K. Thursdays— Kitra trip
lat 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 P.M.
BONDAVS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A.IC.; 1:30, 8:34
6:00. 6:20 P. U.
San Rafael to «»n ~*ranct«eo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, ' 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 A. >_«
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. K. Saturdays— Extra trio,
at 1:55 p. K. and 6:35 p. it • - ltw
BCNDAYei-S:.i», 0:40. 11:10 a. *.; 1:40, 3:4%
6:00, 6:25 P.M. _
Between ban Francisco and Schuetzea Park Mia*
■ schedule as above. -■ - - •-
.Leave tnnWivt Arrive
Ban Francisco. > oct! 14. B*n8 * n Francl »°* '
Week I Sun- TrtJ^Jon. Bv *- I ™***?
DAYB. I pays. " WUfl> "°°- DAYS. | Day«.
7:30 aif 8:00 AMI Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 PMj Santa Rosa. 7:35 fm 6:22 ex
••■ • ■ "• Fulton, ■ "
IiSQAU Windsor, . 10:2Ba*
'. ' Beaidsburg,
'_■* -i *£* ; -'-SJ. -■ tton,
GeyservUle.
8 :80 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:55 PM 6:23 PM
" : ■ .-.-. • Pieta, ~~
- ' Hqpland &
T :Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:2lp<
'7:30 am " r ~~~~~" '. 10.25 aW
8:00 am QuernevUle. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm •■: ■■■ ...-■■■■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8;00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a*
■ . ■• and •■■•.- . .
6 :IQpm 5:00 fm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:22
7:30 am! 8:00 AMI BebaMODoL 110:40 AMI 10:2 . AM
8:30pm|6:00 pm[ * p ** topOl - [ 6:lopm 6:22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Boss for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for ' Sicaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i-akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bar; etc Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Borings, (Saratoga Springs. Blua
Ices, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottel
Valley. Joan Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck*
nells, Sanbedrin Height*. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, , Wlllets. Cahto, Co»
velo, Laytonville, Harris, Scot!* and Eureka.
Saturday to .Monday round-trip tickets aired_»*4
rates. ■■■.--.. :.■:■..---'....•. • ■ • . _
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be>
, yond San Bafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle tmnAtn*
_UaWHITINO, R. X. RYAN,
Gan. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageoti _.
SORTfI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sau8»llto Ferry).
Ram Ban Francisco, Cotnrtteocing Sept. 13, 1891 '
WEEKDAY a.
For Mill ' Valle» and' ban :>a .a»'-«7 135. «3:l\
llrue A. M.; *1:45. S :i), *S : I S. *5 r45, « ?38 P.*
Extra trips for Ban Rafii-1 On .Mondays, Weda«s>
days and Saturdays a: 11 :30 f. m,
, ."-.'■: SUSBAYS.
For Mill Valley and Hun- Bafael— •Bsoo, *10rf)l
•11:30- a. M. ; "1:00, 3:00, «4:i>o. 6:16*. U.
Trains marked * run to ban Quentlu. ■
THROUGH TRAINS.
- For Point Reyes ana way stations— 7tS> a. a.
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. -.Sundays, l:4i p. m. 6«a»
slays. ■ - • ■■-■:■-- ' . ' .- : .
- i- Or Cazadero and war stations— 7 125 A. m. wMl>
lays; 1:45 r. v. Saturdays.
MILPAIS.
Train* connect with North Pacific
oast Kallroad.
WEEK UAYB-Leave a. F. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 p. m.
c, Returning— Arrive 8. If. 3:25 * m. 6:20 f.' M.
6UNDA YS- Leave aF. Ba.m 11 :So a. _. i :3o fit
Returning— Arrive B.F. 1:18 i». m 4:20 P.M. 7:86 p i_
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or '«•»••
at lit ™? N COOK A >O.\S, 621 Market su, ay.'
Mill Valley and Mount Taxnalpals Scenic RalLwajk
■a&S&is m po m '
j9fK^3j^raS?Swteit Successor to DR. LAI
tMJ^S^SE^S^!SS,\ pu TAI ' graduate of
KTfuWLOISW'IwStSL^. Cunton Medical Col-
as£sf^^**^HEia HWW le e - after a very sue-
. *W. ? ; <es>ful practice of
»■___•■■• "*sf_gy'- many year* In China,
J'^^e^T^S s!r^ llus 1° aud in ' ban
"C//-T.«?^. 4*4 ■ Francisco. The sur-
\lf/f '«^ Pa prising and marvelous
livyHisa. >'•' •/ cures effected by his
jjjMQQMk Hi 1 . herbs. . demonstiate;
jßTbgjgl J\ , tbeir poience and his
-ri_TLJy C ' skill. These herbs
__Ci^sS^' s&ik. cure over 40 ° different
» ffiW»<?^?X diseases, me udln?
yS3SSS%3^j Bristol's Disease, Dia-
y^Sj***^ . betes, Consumption,
.' ■ / '. > . ***^^ ■ Asthma, Paralysis.
Brain, Serve, Cancers, Tnmors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady wbatsover are invUeu to call.
Office. 737 Washington Street. j
Office hours— 9 a m to l'J m., Ito 9 p.m.; Sun-
day. 10 a. m. to 12. M ■ :.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
iS A POWERFUL APHKODIKTAC AND'
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of Loth ■ sexes, t.nd a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladdtr. A great Besioratire. ;
Invlieorator and Nervine «ells on its own Merlin;
no long-winded testimonials n-ce sary. . .
NABEK.ALFS A BBDNK, Agents,
833" Market St..- 8. JT-— /Send lor Circular)
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock eyery
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteen— and Mission street*, ope«
ontil 9 o'clock.
' 2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
j^&r^ißsT^mrßX-H^H^HlaS^rs^lEN^
&—^ tlst— Services at 11 A. M. in Beethoven Hall,
36 Post st . cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; Subject, 'A Father's instruction to
His Son." Sunday-school for children at the same
hour, " science and Health" Study Thursday at
£p.x. In Mystic Hall, 320 Post su All are wel-
come. ..
ISPS' FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
IP-*» r )>E. cor. Post and Mason sts.— George
C. Adams, D.D., pastor, will preach morning
and evening. Morning service at 11 o'clocic;
theme: "National Ills and Their Remedy." Even-
ing service at 7:30 o'clock: the-ne: '-Strive to
Enter in." Sunday-school at 12:45 p.m. Young
' People's Society of Christian Endeavor at 6:.' 0
p. v. Wednesday evening prayer-meeting at 7:30.
Samuel D. Mayer, organist and musical director.
s»-ac» THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Bt^ r Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Kader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m, sutjj ct:
"The Sixth Sense." services at 7:30 p m, the
first on the Bible nnder a new light, subject : "The
Book of Genesis and the Creation of the World."
Music by chorus choir, under direction of William
C. Stadtfeld. All are cordially Invited.
B^3s= FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY
B^ street, near Jones— M. P. Bovnton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday, December 13, 1896— Preach-
ing by the pastor at 11 a.m., subject; •'Trium-
phant Living." and at 7:30 p. m.. topic: "Whole-
Heartedness." Sunday-schoo. 12:30 m. Y. P. S.
of C. E. at 6:30 p. M. Young men's meeting
Monday evening at 8 o'clock. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock. .Christian culture
class, Friday evening, 8 o'clock. All these services
nre open to the public, ,-trangers are welcome.
90S' ' CALVARY PRESBYTERIANCHCRCH,
• JESt?- corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill, D.D., pastor. . Services at 11 A. m.
and 7:;-0 p. M. Tonic, p. m.. A Man Who
Did Not Make the Most of Himself," a sermon for
young men. Music, a. _ — Deum in C (Dudley
Back); offertory contralto solo, Miss Jeanette
Wilcox. Music, p. _— "Jubilate Deo' in F (Ar-
thur Foote): offertory, '-Prayer" (Tpsti), Mrs.
Priest- Fine. All are cordially invited.
j{^s*= THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
EE—^ cor. Twentieth and Capp s'.s.— A. J. Wells,
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a. m. on ''The
Christ in Humanity." The evening lecture on "The
Cheerful Philosophy of Browning." Sunday -school
at 9:45 a. m. Congregational meeting on Tues-
day evening, December 15. Members and friends
invited to attend. Pastor's residence, 20 Liberty
street.
»^g= FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
Gr2e r Twelfth St., bet. Howard and Mission—
' Pastor, Frank 8. Ford. Musical director. Mrs.
Ella Jacobs. Preaching morninc and evening by
the pastor. Subject 11 a. m.. "On Guard." Sub-
ject 7:45 p ."What Shall I Do With Jesus?"
-school, 9:30 a.m. Y. P. S. C. h., 6:30
p. m. N. B— lhe evening service is an evan-
gelistic, short, pointed sermon. Popular songs.
Hearty wei<ome. Everybody come. Seats free.
BtrS 3 VVKST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
Ka^sS' Bush St., near Devisadero— Preaching morn-
ing and evening by Rev. William A. Gardner,
pastor. Topics: 11 a. m., • Wise and Unwise";
7:46 p.m.. "The Lot cry and Other Forms of
Gambling." Sunday-school at 10 o'clock a. m.
Y. P. S. C. C. E. 6:30 p. M. Sunday-school at the
Endeavor Fane, ItlB Union st., 3 p.m. Preach-
ing a; the Fane by W. B. Berry, 7 P. m.
jjEHi^ FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
SP-^ (Swedenborglan), O'Karrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore— Rev. D. V. iioweo, pas-
tor. There will be two services to-day. Sermon at
11 A. M., text, "Adam, Wh«-re Art Thou?" and
lecture"! n the evening at 7:30, subject, '-The New
Jerusalem." Seats are, free and a cordial invi-
tation is extended to all. Sabbath-school at 10
A. 11. .
t~s=» CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
it^ ter-day saints— "How to Become a saint"
will be the subject for Sunday at 7:45 p. m.. in
Pythian Castle, 909 Market s . Elder E. H. N\ c
speaker. All welcome. No collections.
BKS 3 DIVINE 6CIENCE SERVICES AT
v~-& Home College, 3360 -eventeenth st.. bet.
Mission and Valencin, at 2:30 p. m. Discourse by
M. _ Cramer: subject, "Bible Readings and An-
swers to Questions."
jjF^F THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY
lw^ £r Free public lectures every Sunday at 8
p. M... Native Sons' building, 414 Mason. Subject
to-night, "Jewish and Other sects," by Dr. G. A.
Danz'eer. Miss Amanda Corcoran, raotatrice, of
Melbourne will sing Mendelssohn's "Elijah."
Etrj?" SAN -FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
IS^^ s^ Society— Free public lecture to-night at
Academy of Sciences Hall, 819 Market St.. 8
o'clock, by A. J. Johnson. Subject, "Gods, Heroes
and .Men.'' ' * . - r.
NOTICE OJ-' __KTINGi».
OOMANAY— OR "A NICHT AT A Xjf'si
the Auld Ham'e" will be celebrated 3|ii iitOif
in grand style with ball and banquet by ffiaf
the ."-an Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
at B'nai B'rltn Hail. THURSDAY EVENING,
December 31, 1896- Tickets $1 each.
J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
ufosge W. Patkrsos, Recorder.
Cr~ f> THE OFFICERS AND MEM-«>»
Ir-*^ bers of Court Western Addition No. C^f
32. F. of A., are hereby notified to attend VI
the Inneral of our deceased brother, ED- «* ,S
WARD MACCAULAY, TO-DAY (SUNDAY), at
9:30 a. it., from St. Joseph's Church. Alameda.
JOSEPH BKOOKS, Chief Ranger.
W. W. Pr.\YAS, Financial Secretary."
|£— 5» FRANKLIN SAVINGS AND BUILD-
&-& Ing Association— The annual general meet-
ing for the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year will be held at Nor-
man's Hal. 413 Bush St., on MONDAY, Decem-
ber 14, at 7 :i0 o'clock; the election' committee
will be in attendance from 3 o'clock on.
F. LUDEM ANN, President
William Hatje, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ff53?»~~15 D_Y^~BUlI3lNa NOTICE^^TO
BPjS' vacate to unlawful occupants of within
premises: 1-1 a Cleveland su and ltS-lliYj Sher-
man St., San Francisco. GUSTAVE bINGLER, -
»^sp> GAS FJX-URE-5 MADE TO ORDER;
tt^C cheapest pla c in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Uate aye.
|fc^S= > BAD TKNA.VI-. EJECTED FOR $4;
w ; -= 7 collections made, city or country. Paclflo
Collection Co.. 415 Monter St.. room 6. Tel. 6581).
DIVII>ENI> NOTICES.
DIVIDEND T TDT?NTri?a
•»»»' 38 (26 cents per share) .of the Hutcbinson
Sugar Plantation Co. will be payab'" at the office
of the company, 327 Market street, on and after
Moodav, December 21. 1896. Transfer-books will
close Tuesday, December 15. 3fc96, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDoN, Secretary.
JPr^ 3 ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION,
l*^ 308 Market st.. San Francisco, December 3,
1896, dividend No. 36, 75 cents per share, payable
14th lost, at office of company; books closed for
transfer at 12 _, 7th in.it. .
W. B. BRADFORD, Secretary.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
A T^7 M FIRS.T PR 6gRESSIVE
-TV Spiritual Church; 11 a. m., test developing
circle: 2P. M., t»-st circle; messages to all; Mrs.
Dunham, Henderson and others; 7:30 p. m., tests,
sealed letters read, Mrs. Harlaud, Dunham, Me-
Ke=), Mr. William.
1' DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MEETING,
919 Market St., circles and platform tests:
II a. M.. free, Mrs. Lowther; 2 p. m. Mr. Hansen,
Mrs. Hargrave; 8, Mines. Dunham, seely, Kotter,
Dr. St. Clair lecture. Doctor's office, 1236 Market
St.. 10 to 7 p.m. • .
p RAND PLATFORM TEST MEETING 8 P.M.;
VX sealed letters and mental questions answered:
names, business tests: tests to everybody; sittings
dally. Friendship Hall, 328 McAllister St. All
welcome.
AKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY, FRA-
ternal Hall, Washington st.— Madame Florence
Montague will hod two meetings at 2:80 and
7:30 p. m.; Mrs. Freitaz, the expected psychic, too
ill to attend: Masonic lecture postponed.
EANCE , TO-NIGHT; MRS. EGGERT AIT-
O KEN: also Tuesday evening: 25c; sittings
daily. 320 McAllister st. ,
R^ Si HRINER, CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
tests to all; 25c. Ell Van Ness aye.
MATERIALIZING SEANCE TO-NIGHT; 50c;
Sitting dally. MRS. FULTON, 31 Fell St.
rpEST MEETING; 2 AND 8 P. M., IOC; 236 Mo-
X Alllster st. M. Clemens; skeptics Invited.
AGNIFICENT STEIN WAY WILL BE
sacrificed at once. Room 21, 809 Market St. !
R. HA'NSKN: TEST Ml-.ETING 11 A. M.
and 7:30 p. m. 927 Mission st. Free.
ECTI7RE AND TEST MEETING; 7:30
J sharp: 1133 Missions!- Prof. C. A. Mlngo.
lsiiLAliU.>.s *• AN'l_JJ— i'_JUA_E.'
QWEDISH ""FIRST-CLASS COOK: NORWK- \
0 B lan, good cook and do housework: Swedish
cook and do - housework; all three can be seen at
our office Monday. C. R- HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st. \
\V AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, »20; WAIT-
"» ress, bo el near city, $20: Danish or Norwe-
gian girl for Oakland, $20 to $25: 2 young Swed-
ish girls, light housework, $15; 10 young girls,
housework and car.- children, $10 to $12. C.R.
JiAN^EN & CO., 110 Geary st. •
YOUNG GIRL WANTS A PLACE AS HOUSE-
X keeper; has had experience; best of references.
¥ box 71. Call Office.
HESSMAKER FROM THE EAST (MlD-
age 1) wants permanent place In family; high-
c ass reference. E. A. DARBY. 9>,3 Jones su
EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER' AND
typewriter, with machine, desires piecework-
would do several hours' work daily for 92 60 per
week. D. c. , box 72, Call.
WIDOW, 28 v EARS OLD, WITH 2 LITTLE
'boys, ' aged 10 and 7. desires a position as
housekeeper for board and home. Address W . box
18, Call. ' .. >.»*;- ■■ .'■:■■
"I \RES MAKER, EXPERT IN PERFECTION
XJ of fitting and st vie, will go to families by the
day: price $1 26. Modiste, Call Office. .
.
I T7XPERIENCED NURSE DESIRES ENGAGE-
xU nit;nt; best references. Call or adaress 115
I Sixth si
KI-.SSMAKKB WISHES ENGAGEMENTS
by the day in families, or would work with
dressmaker; terms $1 per day. Address 655 Har-
rison st.
\ t r ANTED— BY A PROTESTANT AMERICAN
' » laJy. position as housekeeper or assist in light
housework: would teach children or do plain sew-
ing. Address ELIZABETH CULLEN, Sacra-
mento, CM.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
I Xt place as working housekeeper. Please call or
! addiess for three d.ysMRS. R., 18 Sheridan st,
off Ninth, bet. Folsom and Harrisou. .
V OUNG "GIRL, LATELY~FROM GERMANY',
! X withes a situation for general housework.
1 Please call at 69 Minna St., near Second.
G~~~ IRL WOU LITIAK fTpLACITI O TAKE CARE
of 1 child, or to assist in housework; city or
Oakland. *. all or address 442 Min.iast.
ANTED -WORK BY THE DAY WA SH I N G
or ironing or housecluanlng. Address 602
Howard St.
OMAN, GOOD COOK AND MANAGER,
wishes situation In boarding-house, hotel or
institution. 040' 2 Minna st.
OLOKr.Ii COOK WISHES PLACE; GOOD
plain co;>k; city or country. 833 Geary st.
ITeSPECTABIE WOMAN DESIRES WoRK:
XV plain washing and ironi ,g: cleaning aim a
socially. Address Work, box 33, Call (. _ca.
/Competent nubbb in con fjn em ents
\J wishes few more engagements; $S a week.
Call or address K. M., « b3 Howard St., downstairs.
EW'ING~BY~THE DAY, WEEK OR MONTH:
understands finishing, trimming and button-
holes: children's and inf nts' waidrobes a
specialty. Y. M., box 69, Call.
RESSMAKKR, FIRST-CLASS FITTER;
stylish draper and designer: thorough dress-
maker: by the day. MISS WABWIcK, 104
Grove st.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO ASSIST WITH
X housework; is a first-clasa seamstress. 959
Fols m st., upstairs.
T7XPERIENCED NURSE FOR ANY KIND
XL of sickness. 525 Tehama.
..ESSMAKER LATELY PRUM THE EAST
would like a lew more engagements by the
day; terms reasonable. 950Vss Howard st.
j, IRST-CLAS.S DRESSMAKER WISHES A
1 few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 50 Address P. M., 43 Elgin Park.
pOMPEIENT DRESSMAKER WoULD LIKE
\J a few more engagements by the day; terms
reasonable. Apply at 326 Golden Gate aye.
■yoUNU W.DOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, dcs res a position as housekeeper for
bachelor or widower; fond Of children. Room 4,
1007 Market sl
pOMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J w.snes to do washing, ironing, cooking or
housecleaning by the day; best references. MRs.
CUR i IS, 3367 Twenty-sixtn St., near Mission.
ITUATION WA~NTED — YOUNH WOMAN
wants position as seamstress; would do upstairs
work or take care if children. Address Branch
t. all Office, 167 Ninth st.
"DEFINED MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN LADY
J I wUhes a position as nurse; Is fully competent
to take charge of grown children or a buoy : uas
2 years' reference. X- , box 99. call Office.
CEAMSTBEBS DtSIRES A FEW MOIE Ejf
0 gagements at 75c a day; suits made from
$2 50 up. X. , 3660 Nineteenth su
U.OII AN W A N TS ANY KIND OF PLAIN
'* sewing; also cleans and presses clothes. 114
Fourth s;.. room 15.
OOD CHRISTIAN WOMAN, GOOD COOK
and laundress and general housework; willing
to do anything: must have wor» ; in great need;
best. 01 r fereoces. 1310 Page sl.
GERMAN LADY WOULD LIKE WORK BY
the day: office work or washing; $1 60 per
day. A duress H. S., b7Zoe su
/ • EKMAN Wll) W n, AN IS POSITION AS
vJ housekeeper or housework; good cook and
good references. Address 17 Ihlrd st.. room 24.
1 AOY WISHES POSITION AS WOKKI\G
Jj houseke per or p.ain sewing and repairing.
Apply 821 Mission si., room 3, evenings.
FOSIIION WANTED BY YOUNG GERMAN
lady as housekeeper. Call 112 Taylor St., room
14, from 2 to 7.
V*' A.Mi-.D-PLAIN SEWING BY GERMAN
" girl, $1 per day. Apply i 109 Florida.-^.
, UY 111 T SOLI T A IRK DIAMOND RING;
J> $15, worth $35. Uncle Harris 16 Grant aye.
\\T ANTED — PLAIN SEWING AND aTI
»* kinds of fancy worn; very reasonable prices.
1305 Powell sl., top floor.
p ermax Woman wakts work, wash-
U ing, iron ng or cleaning by the day. GINS-
BERG, 421 Fourth St.. room 14.
\\ INCuEa xER huLSJ-.. 44 THIRD St., -VK.
'» Market; 200 rooms: 25c 19 $1 60 per night:
fl 60 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable;
iree bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
M'UAIIUAa \» ANT_JL»— MALK.
HUNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st-, below
Kearny. nr. Cal.; tei. main 231. W.C. YOUNG. m«r
/CHINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D. 20 YEARS;
\jhelp:tel.main 1997. BRA DLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHIXfcSB A>iD JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E 42tJ.
APANESE IN I'ELLii.KNCK AGENC V. X- 7A
St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy at. : tel. Main o'JSi.
APANE>E COOK OF 12 YEA RS' EX PERl-
ence, Delippli i's way, Hotel De mohico, N w
York, wants position, city or ceuntry; no objec-
tions to country or distance; best of references.
Address HENRY. 517y 2 Seventh St., Oakland.
INGLE ENGLISHMAN WANIS SlTUA-
tion as milker and butter-maker in private
place or dairy ; understands care of thoroughbred
cattle. C. HEWITT, 608 Second si., Oakland.
OOKKEKPER— A MARRIED MAN THOR-
ougiiiy competent and reliable will accept a
position in any capacity at a moderate sa.ary;
held last position 13 years. J., box 132, Call Omce,
ANY LEGI . IMATE LMP. OYMENT, NIGHT
A or day.at any terms or hours— janitonng to jour-
-11. I. ism and delivery wagon driving to advertise-
ment - writing; sober; competent; trustworthy
young man. Address J. J., box 103, Call Office.;
N ELDERLY MAN (ENGLISH) WOULD
work at any occupation for a good home: is
generally us-iul; used to cooking {and housework.
J. H., box 32. Call Office.
ESERViNG YOUNG MAN DESIRES POSI.
tion at any kind of light work In wholesale
house or otherwise; reference first-class. T. H. G.,
box 96, Call Office.
AN OF LONG hXPERIENCB IN HARD-
ware. agricultural implements, stoves, etc.,
wants situation; city or country. A. X., box 164,
Call.
"IRISHMAN TAKE CARE HORSES AND
X gardening: handy wl'h carpenter tool*: low
wages; besl reference. W., box 93, this office.
IGN-WRITER, YOU.nG MaN. AS IMPROV-
er: low wages. 48 Sacramento st.
y OUNG MAN ANXIOUS FOR WORKOF ANY
X kind; best references as janitor or elevator
work. M., 959 Folsom su
4 DVERIISBROFGOOD HABITS AND AP-
-a_ pparance desires situation as clerk or outalde
salesman in store or office; experienced; excel-
lent references; bond furnished; salary no object.
Address D. J., box 179, this office
i^URNITURE, PIANOS. ETC., CLEANED
t-nd polished at your home: first-class work
guaranteed. ARTHUR MACK. 305 Minna st.
VOD.NG MAN, NEAT APPEARING, Dk"-
X sires situasion as gardener; understands cows,
horses, chickens, carpentering and painting: tem-
perate: industrious; $25 per month: references.
X, box 79, Call.
/CARPENTER WANTS WORK: IS AN EX-
\J pert on l"aky roofs and skylights; repairing
old work a specialty. Address Carpenter, box 74
Call Office.
"I ADIES OR GENTLEMEN WHO OWN
iJ houses and want skylights or windows fixed
cheap call H. DE 8., 967 Mission st., upstairs.
EaD COOK OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
wonld like an engagement to get up ball sup-
pers, dinner parties, etc. Apply lib Linden sL,
Oakland.
wUNG MAN (AMERICAN) WITH BKST
of habits and references wishes position where
there is no Sunday York. M. X., box 151, Call.
OM P £ T~bTn f CARPENTER, GOOD
draughtsman, wishes to take charge of new
building or make alterations for private parties.
Address A. 8., box 120, Call.
UTLER, SWEDE, DESIRES A SITUATION
in a private family; have the best of City and
New York references; willing and obliging. G.,
box 149, Call.
SITUATION WANTED; PRACTICAL EN-
O Kineer wants work: stationary engine: city or
country, or In mine: experie nee running doub.e or
single hoisters or pumps; good reference D., box
45. Call.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGeF
(single) man who is a thoroughly experienced
California orchardlst: good references. Address
A. H., box 77, Call oflree.
nOACUMAN, WHO CAN MILK AND TAKE
\J care of garden, wishes situation; best refer-
ences. L. A., 315 Stockton st.
UY^ THAI 14-K. GOLD AM. WaTCH:
$29, worth $60. Uncle Harm, 15 Grant aye.
pOACHMA.v— MTUAT.ON WANTED BY A
\J young Swede as coachman for a gentle-
man's place; v demands ihe care of highbred
borses. fine harness and carriages: industrious,
Kober, honest and wil, dv bis best: good references.
Address C. C, box 7.% Call.
IGHLY RECOMM k.\ DED FRKNCH OR
American cook for small first-class hotel or
boarding-house; city orcoun ry: sober and inuus-
trtous. Address F. N., box 30 Call.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING BY
X practical, temperate man of 30: Al reference;
will work very cheap by day or job; city or coun-
try. Address Painter, box 90, Call.
"I^NGINEEK, STATIONARY AND LOCOMO-
XJ tiv, good machinist and plumber, wishes
work of any kind: best references: moderate
wages. Address Engineer, box 104, Call Office.
DAY WORK OF Ai\l KIND, HOUSECLEAN-
Ing done by man and wife with prompt atlen
tlon. Address Z., box 72, Cal Office.
I^OREMAN VINEY ARDIST ANDOBCHARD-
X Ist (French) wishes situation; good referen-
ces Address O. A., Hotel La France, 718 Cali-
fornia sU
TH.E SAIS" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
'■■ SITUATIONS -.-' WANTED-Continued.
MAN, , HANDY WITH CARPENTER'S
tools, can drive and care for horses, wants em-
. ployment. Address M. D., box 32, Call Office. ,
POSITION MX A - ROOD CARPENTER
around institution or day work; will go any-
where. Address L. B. T., box 66, Call. ; - . .
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN: .IS
O a good horseman and gardener?* handy in most
anything. Apply A LEX, 809 Webster St., Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED AS CLERK, BOOK-
-0 keeper or business manager in wholesale busi-
ness.' Address C, box 15, call Office. .
T/OOKKEEPEK. 8 YEARS' EXPERIENCE,
Xj wants position : salary moderate; also under-
stands selling; references. ,W. G. C.. box 71. Call.
T>OOKKEEPER, 20 YEARS' EXPERIENCE,
Xj Al reference, wants permanent posi. ion. Ad-
dress B. X., box 84. Call Office. .';:. ■ / -i.
ITUATION WANTED AS CLERK. BOOK-
-0 keeper or business manager In wholesale busi-
ness. Address C, box 16. call Office. : {■■:■. '•■ ' - .
S COACHMAN: BY SWEDE: FIRST-CLASS
horseman: understands care of cows, garden-
ing, etc: best of references. - C, box 6, Call Office,
Oakland. ...... ■ ■ . ■-.:., , • ; ;
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 250 ' to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: 'res bus nnrt baecraee to and from the ferry.
" *_MA__ hKli" WANTED.
ERMAK OR SCANDINAVIAN RANCH
Vl cook, $20 to »26. MURP.A V & READY, Lead-
ing Kmp.oyment Agents, 634, 636 Clay st.
AITRKSS, PLAIN HOTEL, SHORT Dl*
lance from city.' $20; woman with a child on
ranch, $10. see boss here. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634, 636 ( lav si.
"VTE AT WOMAN TO COOK. SMALL BOARD-
-Li ing-house near city, $26: 50 women and girls
housework, cooking, etc. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634. 686 Clay st.
WANTED — APPRENTICE ITO LEARN
dressmaking. Room 2, 47 Post st. ' ■ .
P IRL 1 O ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; WAGES
VJT $8; sleep at home. 306 Ellis st. ,■ \
SMALL GIRL T ASSIST IN SMALL FAM-
lly. Apply 7 si^ Clementina st.
IRLTU GO ERRANDS AND DO FXNISH-
ing. work. 121 Post St., room 31.
ANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
" 11 nery school; course thorough: class now
forming for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed.
22% Geary st., removed from 410 Leavenworth.
"yOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work; apply Sunday. 30 Glen Park aye.
OT'SKKEEPER WANTED. CALL OR AD-
dress 118% Ellis at., room 46.
IRL OR WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
wnrki $10. Call after 10 a. m. Sunday 2 * 3 a
I Valencia st.
GOOD WAITRESS AT 28 FIRST ST.; CALL
before 2 p. m.
Tir ANTED— LA IN GOLD GIVEN
• * away: cut this out and save it; it will not ap-
pear a^ain: who can form the greatest number of
words from the letters in INDUSTRIOUS? You
can make twenty or morn words, we feel sure, and
if you do you will receive a good reward: do not
use any letter more times than it appears in the
word: use no language except English; words
; spelled alike but with different meaning can be
I used but once; use any dictionary: . plurals, pro-
I nouns, nouns, verbs, adverbs, prefixes, suffixes,
adjectives, proper nouns allowed: anything .hat is
a legitimate word wll ■ be allowed; worK it out in
this manner: . In, into, industrious, no, not, nut,
nuts dust, dusts, us, sit, sits, etc.: use these words
in your list: the publisher of Woman's Wobid
AND jENSKfS MILLER MONTHLY Will pay $1:0 In
j gold to the person ab.e to make the largest -list
of words trom the letters In the word INDUSTRI-
OUS, $12 for the second largest; $10
tor the third: $Biorthe fourth; $5 tor the ten
next lames , and $2 each for the twenty- next
largest lists. The above rewards are given free
and without consideration for the purpose of at-
-1 tracting attention to . ur handsome waman's ma;-
-j azine, twenty-four pages, ninety-six ;o jgcolumns,
I finely illustrated and al original matter, long and
; short stories by the best authors; price $1 per year.
I It is nec-ssary for you, to enter into the contest,
! to send twe.ve 2-cent stamps for a three-month's
I trial subscription with your list of words ani 1
i every person sending the 24 cents and a list of I
j twenty words or m«.re is guaraite-d an extra
; present by return mail (in addition to the maga-
zine) of a 200-p=ge book, "Dorris' Fortune," by
Florence Warden a love story o inte rise interest.
: Sat siaction guaranteed in every case or your
I money refunded. List* should be sent at once and
not later than January 20. ■ The names and ad-
| dresses of successful contestants 111 be printed In
' the February issue, published in January. Our
I publication has been abllsbeJ nine years. We
i refer you to an, mercantile agency for our stand- |
! ing. Make your list now. Address JaMEs H.
1 PLCMMER. Publisher, 905 Temple court build-
| ing. New 'i ork City. ....
1 JiT THE PUBLIC BE NOT DECEIVED—
J j Ihe Mi I OAell is the st ci nducted and only
exclusive drtsscuttini; "ci 00l in the city: a visit to
I our weil-k'.own academy will convince any s<-n j
1 peisonof tha fact: patterns cut to order, 26c, In-
-1 ciuj ing skirts: sew ns; lessons free to all entering
' this week. McDowell Dresscuttlng School. 636
Market St., <>; polite Palace. •
T AWRENCE LUTII.oQ SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st. f
Y OUNG LADY, FOR STORE AND OFFICE
X work: must understand Dookkeeping. O. F.,
box 45. Call Office. ... _
GJRL UNDER 24, LIGHT HOUSEWORK: $8
per month: lin family. i-.DW., box 16, Call.
I^Y 14-K GOLD LADIES' STEM WINDING,
XJ $14, worth $35. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant
\\' ANTED— GIRL F..R GENERAL HOUSK-
»» work: wages $10. 1800 O'Farrell st.
IRL TO DO HOUSEWORK. CALL 2312
VT Bryant aye., near Twelfth. ■■ - . • -
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X wor<c and children. 1336 Jackson st. :
LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
Academy, 14 McAllister St.; $1 per week.
T EARN -.L-RESSCL'TTING. AND FITTING:
X^skirt patterns, 2.->c MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
\k[ ANTEU— MEN AND WOMEN TO LiiAR.V
»' barber trade: only & weeks required; "tools
given and catalogue beuu B. b\ Barber School,
1615 Howard at.
ViJ ANTED —AN EDUCATED, MIDDLE-
" aeed woman, scrupulously neat, who baa had
experience in the management of a household and
care of children; widow preferred, without family
entanglements; will have the care of two girls, 7
ana 10 years, and general management of home;
one servant allowed. Address M. a., box 154,
Call Office.
AN I ED-PUPILS; SPECIAL RATES; DAY
or evening classes; hairdresslng 25c; up to
date. Parlors 102t) Market st., over the Wonder.
OST CON YEMENI AN JL» RESPECT
Winchester House, 44 Third et., near Market:
£00 rooms; . 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to %i
p»r»-e*-k: free 'bus and baeirasrA 10 and from ferry.
MALK Hi; Li' YV ANXKJD. ' ;
6FARMKRS, $20 $27T^A^RMER~ANi)
wife, south, $30; 3 laborers. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
•_> COOKS, $30. $40 AND $50: 3 WAITERS: 3
•J dishwashers: cabinetmaker, $2 day, city; and
others. MURRAY & READY, i.eadlDg Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
O QUARTZ MINERS, $2 TO $5 50 A DAY:
— miner and wife, wife to run boarding-house for
men: see party here. C. R. HANSON A CO., 110
Geary st. .
NGINEER FOR A MINE, TO RUN A
Xv double hoist, $90. C. E. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. . . _
OOD STENOGRAPHER AND TYPE-
VX writer, permanent position for good man; 2
clothing salesmen for first-class ci'y house; 2 dry-
goods salesmen' and 1 ' dress-goods salesman for
another first-class city house. hose holding cer-
tificates in U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building. - <
BOY TO WORK IN PRINTING-OFFICE:
give wages and salary expected. X. V., box
126, Call Office. . . . : :.
pATHOLIC MEN AND WOMEN OF FAIR
\J eaucaiiun, willing to work, can get steady em-
ployment with reliable firm. J. 8. HYLAND <fc
CO., 323 Dearborn st., Chicago.
ANTED— FROM A MEXICAN,, LESsONS
in Spanish conversation in exchange for cash
or lessons in German, English or bookkeeping.
Address T. X , 1,007 Market St.
pANTRYMAN WANTED. 613 CLAY ST.
fig 1 A CASH AND SERVICKS; i $25 A WEEK
<J)1" guaranteed. 215 Sansome St., room 12. .
MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS NURSERY
work. 612 Halght st. =
ALE NURSE, $30 AND ROOM. CALL, 10
to 12 a. m. to-day, MARTIN'S. 749 Market si.
®At\ A MONTH A-nD BOARD GUARAN-
<JPT:V/ teed: partner as cashier and assist: full
■value. T J., box 90. Call Office. ■:' ■• •■
<s»o,r;rv • partner wanted; will pay
tjj)OO\J. $150 month. 8., box 85, Call Office.
WANTED— AND WOMEN TO WORK
for .us day or evening: at their homes; nice
pleasant work; no canvassing; experience not
necessary; we pay salary; inclose stamp for par-
ticulars. Standard Mig. Co., 142 West Twenty,
third St., New York. ' '
EJS THK SILVER WATCHES ■ FOR ' 88,
worth $20. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. r : .
ROSED A lE, 321: ELLIS— CHEAPEST AND
best lodging-house Id the city; open all night.
hAKiir.-Ko' 1--iWj.Jc.CTi > ifi UNION iiiMPLO Y-
mont secretary, CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Cla y"
ARBER.-— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
P. C, Barbers' Assn. X FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary. IL BERNARD, 102 seventh St. ;
BARBER WASHSTAND.s, ONE, TWO AND
three bowls, heap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RES PON 51 GOOD MAN OR MAN AND
wif,< to takpcharue of a first-class restaurant.
Call after 3 p. _ a: 124y^ O'Farrell it.:;-'.:-
YOUNG MaN ACQUAINTED WiTH CARD
X clubs can learn something of interest by ad-
dressing M. R., box 91. Call Office. :
EAMEN FOR EUROPE, NEW YORK, AUS-
t tralla Honoln v. 10 Steuart St., upstairs. " .
AN WITH UTTLK CASH: BIG MONEY;
no canvassing. Room 5. 1007 Market st,"-'.-- : .;,-- r .
\\7 INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD: ST., NR.
«' . MarKet: - 200 rooms, ' 25c • a night; '- reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
HELP WANTBD-t'oßtinnwl.
BANKRUPT . SALE— HAVING " PURCHASED
•• ■ : large stock of boots and shoes that must tie
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
sprine goods.' Cal Boot and Shoe Mfg. Co.'s stores,
767 Market and 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel. *
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
states 5 Marine " Corns. United j States Navy;
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
and 30 years, who are citizencof the United Mates,
or those who have legally d dared their intention
to become citizens: must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
and between a fe*-t 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the | Recruiting
Office, 20 Ellis su, San Francisco. Cal.
;AT 1- W . Waluo HOUSE, 76."> - MISSION, BET.
—l 3d and 4th— Sngle furnished rooms, night 15c
to 6oc. week $1 to $2 50: reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls; clean: quiet; open all ulgnt.
MEN AND WOMEN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
and willing to work can learn of a permanent
situation at good wages by writing at once to P. V.
■H., box 283. Augusta, -Maine. : ' . . -■: .
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order: $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
"L^OR FULL AND CLEAN 10c _EAL OR
J coffee and cakes 5c go to 13^ Grant aye. ;■ -:,
LcHOHOU-i-., Bti3Vij MARKE 1 ST.— ROOMS
20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 wee«.
YV ANTi-.D— LABORERS AND, MECHANICS
'"to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
fpitY ACME U.iUsr. *.>< AiARIiJiT ST.. BJC-
X low Sixth, for a room: iir» night: $1 a week.
HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDKR;
any. style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough: or exchanged; large stock of second-hand
shoes: first-class repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission at., near Grand Opera-house. :
"I (\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 160
XUU and -Me a nignt. including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearn.-. .
E»T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, commercial and Leidesdorff sis. .
\kr ANTiiD-AN IDEA: WHO CANTHINKOF
if : some . simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $18011 Jjriaa
Offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
rpHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X uouse in towu. Lindell House, tith and Howard.
ANTED.'! COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
<*rs<£clerKs. KNOX Collection Ascy. 110 Sutler
ANTED-SINGLIi. ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for 2, 26c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. ,
SIMON WANTS 100 Mr.N. To i.XT BOT-
. tie b"er or wine 6c-. best free lunch. 643 Clay
OOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIG HI ; 60c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
ANTED. -YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladles' soling, Hoc; men'}
I soling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 00. 662 Mission st.. bet. : First s:. and Second st.
AIiKNTj ViANTXO.
A E NTS-GOO DCA N V A SSE RS 'C A AXE
J\. $200 per month soliciting for Wood's photo
cabinet, which is presented to lodges; exclusive
territory. T. E. WOOD COMPANY, Kalamazoo,
Mich. j - . . - ■ ■ ■ . >.-■-.■ .-■ ■ . .
T?XCEPTIONALLY LIBERAL TERMS AND
Xli exclusive territory to responsible agents, sell-
iiig patent nickel-plated pocket stove; in univer-
I sal, demand.' Remedial Heater Company, 114
Fifth aye., New Yonc. :
1?OR A PROFITABLE ENTERPRISE. ELOU-
X I>E WE^KE, 7 to 8 P. M.. 1505 Steiner st.
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication si: re Grant's book, is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chlef of the
United States army: first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. ' E. "PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whitaker & Ray Company,
,723 Market st.
INTEL. .IGENT BOOK CANVASSERS.
1 Standard Dictionary Agency, 93;-! Market st.
"VTO MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH LIBERAL*
-L\ Inducements to agents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 sansome st.. S. F.
- .< VVANT_I>-JJIISC_L,L,ANEOUS.
pTIOT^GRA^HTc^UT^ ; rr^WA3?T^&-P^R^
X trait lens, Vi tintype lens, camera, hue ; ground,
burnisher, printing frames, etc. no jobbers. Call
SCHMIDT, 10^8 MarKet St.. top floor. ■'_.'■■
ANTED— TO RENT a CARPENTER-SHOP;
owner to take rent out in work. Address A.,
box 90, Call Office. . "
~QECONI>HAND SODA WATER FOUNTAIN:
O in good order; | sta.e . price. Address ' 8., box
135, Call Office.
SECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. LEX-
ses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
A PPLES WANTED— SOUND WINTER VA-
X*. rle.ties; 4 tier; in carload lots; for cold-stor-
age purposes. : Consumers' Ice Company, 420
Eighth St., S. F. .•,-:.,■;■■*;: ■ ■'■; - ; ■ ! -.-.'*.■■ .. .
ROOMS PAPKRED, $2 50 UP; WHITENED.
$1 up: stains or blemishes removed; paint! 'g
by day or Contract; 1200 Webster, tel. Steiuer;23s.
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
'» ing. painting, etc., by contract or day's work,
at your own price: work must be had. - N. E.
MERIGAN, 1302 Webster at.
TJUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
X) doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postaL
musical KNMKIMI.Nh.
Tgais' we call attention." TO thr
J~V fact that we are selling toned second-
hand plnaos for $3, $4 and $5 per month; beauti-
ful new uprights for' $6, $7. $8, $9 and $10 per
month; no cash payment : required larger than the
above amounts; all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchanging some for
a Stein way I any | lime ' within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. • SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
representatives of Stsinway <t Sous' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; also Oatt-
land. CaL; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
S AN ADVERTISEMENT WE WILL SELL
on Monday. Tuesday and ' Wednesday after-
noons 6 fine new upright 'Dianos, regular price
*275 ; (worth $325). for $200 each: during fore-
noons and after Wednesday the price will be $276;
these instruments are exactly as represented and
fully guaranteed; you can make no mistake by
purchasing one. The J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
bouse west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices: -terms e.isy: ■ prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . . -, • ■; .• ...
ACTUALLY' THIS best bargains in Pi-
-rt. anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3
4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the) city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. . The F. W. SPENCER CO,
salesrooms 93S Market sl. opp. Mason.
HAINES, BUSH _ OERTS AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to a. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post st.
PIANOS S'iLD, RENTED, TUNED, BE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm In the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st. . . .-. :■.:■. I ,-■.-, ■■-..-
BEAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
lust received and for sale cheap. Z. MAU-
VAIS Music Company, 769 Market st.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE -MUST SELL,
-£jl pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Ins. ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
<31l H*\ ELEGANT"UPRIGHT; COST $425;
<IP -I Ut->.forBalessinstallmentB 221 Leavenworth
GOOD MARSHALL A WENDELL UPRIGHT.
F $100. Brnenn Piano House. , ■ .
GOOD • UPRIGHT, CHEAP; BARGAIN.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
."Li LEG ANT EMERSON, FIRST-CLASS CON-
XU ditlon. at sacrifice. E. W.LlCK, ll6 McAllister.
AGNIFICENTSTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ne»s
G. BADGE It. SOLE A' ENT FOR HALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
YRONMALZY, : 308 PoST ST.— SOHMER, :
N ewby «& Evans. Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD NEW
H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DOLLAR A WEJJiK ON RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.
I lOR SALE— PIANO AT 838 VALLE JO ST.;
$30. , -.-,■.
AT ICE UPRIGHT PIANO, $60. 838 CASTRO
street. - ■ •. .-.. .; '■;■:■. •,':■ V - - : '■-■ ■
WEWS NEWS F0R.,5 CENTS — TH».
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. ■ t
: hOBSES.;: . ■,".". *. ..
FINE BUSINESS HORSE; DRIVES • AND
rides; good ' single-footer; - kind , disposition:
must be sold. 143 martlet st. ; v, .:.~.
"I p.(\ BETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAH-
XU'J ness, all kinds: wagons, DBggtos, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission \;
A(\ HORSES .t\)ti SALK; ALSO WAOONit
i ~ J boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Slx-h st. ; auction sales every Weauw*
flay.; SULLIVAN _ DOYLK, Auctioneers.
.f|»HE EMPORIUM BALLS YARDS. 220 V A.
J- lencla su, is the place to go : you want to buy.
sell ior i exchange ; horses, bugsies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
\l\ll SET NEW AND * SiECON U-HAN D HAR-
V*"V ness; all kinds; buggy. waeon. carts, surrey
& rocka war : 40 cheap horses. 15lti and Valencia.
F.(\ HEAD DRIViNG A-M> WORK HORSES;
*JV weight 1000 to 1 700 lbs. i; 862 Howard st. ,:
; WAWnfH ANl> CAKKIAU—S.:
"VT E W AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
— " dry, milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. . 828 Harrison st. ; > - .-: ' i.. ■■<, '
I'INE GOLD STOP WATCH i FOR $75: COST
X I $200; at UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye. f',
GOOD '. SECOND-HAND i LIGHT - EXPRESS;
r new platform; laundry; cheap. 414 Broadway.
■ .'. ■ . PEKBONAM. : ' '
"\TOUNG MAN POSSESSING UNQUESTIONA-
X ble character, some means and fair income
wishes the acquaintance of a young lady of ; above
qualifications: Protestant; brunette; musician pre-
ferred ; no trifler- wanted; object matrimony. S.
X.; 120, Call Office.. ■ -; •.. . i;
T\R. SMITH'S BATHS .
Positively Cure Rheumatism and NKXJBALeiA. •
PRICE 1*1 : 6 FOR $5.
DR. SMITH'S Sanitarium and Electric Baths,
151 Buchanan street, near Geary.
T^REE ELECTRIC TREATMENTS TO ALL
X purchasers of every one of MME. YOHE-
RAY'S remedies for the removal of all skin blem-
ishes: cheeks and busts developed on Thursday
at 3:30 and 8 P. M. MME. YOHK-RAY will
demoustrate the washing of the face- ladies in-
vited; free souvenirs given. I Temple of Beauty
935 Market st. . ■ ' , ' :
T NOT ONLY DRKSB THE HAIR BUT I TAKE
X the greatest care not to burn or break it: hair-
dressing. 25c. . My Qulnonia Hair Tonic, positive
cure for dandruff and falling hair. 35c a Lottie. I
can restore gray and bleached hair to Its natural
color without the use of poisons. G. LEDERER
111 Stockton st. :. -..-•; .•"•'■'■.
If X - PULLMAN PALACE-CAR PORTER,
j neat and clean, wishes to work for a well-to-do
widow who : occupies her own apartments;
understands cleaning rooms and making beds to
perfection, etc.: best of references. M. N., box
97, Call. :: . , .. ';-.-■-■-
-IGHEST. PRICE PAID FOR 2D-HAND La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. A HN, 316 3.1.
TIHE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF THE AGE;
a perfect growth of hair produced upon bald
heads of many years' standing; no charges made
unless hair is restored. 9 Mason st.
OYSTERS, FISH, CRABS, SHRIMPS ■AT
Manning's Fißh Market, 1026 Oak st. .
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st., opp. U. S. Mint.
"DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR SA LE !
Xt also chenille- wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
\v idow HAVING NICE home WOULD
■' lUe to rent a front room to a middle-aged or
elderly gentleman, with or without board. Ad-
dress A., box 46, Call Office. ... ;.:..-.
bUY '1 HOSE PRETTY DIA. BARSCREWS;
i-> price $^s,worth $50.Uncle Harris,! s Grant ay
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT;
watches cleaned and warranted. O. NOLTE,
expert watchmaker, 222 O'Farrell st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE ' LAWS A SPE-
clalty: private: no charge unless successful:
oil lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. O. W. HOWE, atty-at-taw, 850 .Market
"INDIA OPIUM CURE, A VEGETABLE IN-
X gredient; perfect yha unless; ladies treated at
home. B.D.KIMMISS.9IH Market, Columbian blag
hIG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON -HOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busl-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
EL- C'IRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
200 rooms. /5c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
R. CRAIG <fc CO., MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
1846 Market at.; special treatment for heart
disease, the nervous system and all other diseases
carefully treated; consultation free. Call or write.
ICTURK-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN".,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c: lbx2o, 30c; Ihx22, 36c: 20x24,
46c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JONES, 647 Mission st.
HAVE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. M BE 'S. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVORCK AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment, obliging; legal every-
where. dress loclt box F, 9u6 Market St., S. F.
E MAKE THE BEST $12 SUIT TO ORDER
in the U. S. NEWH AUS <fc CO.. 116 Kearny.
"I IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Xj elry. etc; lowest rates. 948 Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; uses theklnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. .
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
c asses; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partmgton, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
LEGANT MASQUERADE COSTUMES, AN-
DERSON'S, mi Stockton st.: country orders.
U 1T» CLEAN ED, PRESSED, $1; REPAIRS
Cd veins done. 26Montcomerv, r. 14; tel.red 2874.
1 nnn cards, $1 50. show cards, etc."
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22y 2 Geary st. t
O TO 609 THIRD; CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening and plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
<E«1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WIL-
<pX SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market
T3AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
I 1 ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029 Market au,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cat _ .
ATCHES. DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices: must move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third su , / .':;■ ■>. .
PUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV until cured*: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st.
pLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st. '
URNKTT'Si CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts: 26c 327 Montgomery.
_K_SbMA_K_KS.
T ADIES' TAILOR AND DRESSMAKER;
XJ engagements families; $2 a day; references.
3219 Sacramento st. . . .
UITS MADE FROM $3 UP; SKIRTS, 750;
capes, $1 : fi guaranteed. 659 Stevenson st.
B_bil>lCA_. '--."
REMEDY TH AT "is" PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. I Price
$5 to $10. .No electricity or Instruments; • never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class . home in con-
finement. -, Dr. <fc Mrs. Davies, . 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. M. :
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly, sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; - first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. - Di;. DALEY, 1129
Market over the Owl Drug Store.
R. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no master what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang or.after effects: taken In time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of. price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye. . ' / . \
A NEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, iNSTRU-
JX. ment or worthless pills i used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; , restores | always in one day; can
be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours; safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
ment: consult free; confidential; hours. 10 to 5. j
MRS. DR. W YETH. 916 Post at., near Larkin.
T ADIES, CHICHESTKR'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Cbem. Co.. Philadelphia,
RS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CURES ALL DlS-
eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney .trou Dies, cancers and tumors:
cure guaranteed: consultation free. 243 Shipley.
RS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure . guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: low fees; self cure. 904 MoAUisterst.
LPEAL'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON. TO
A ladies with female troubles: I no 'danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. o. I). ; don't delay until
too late. OSGUOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. . :,
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE , DlS-
eases, from whatever cause: home In confine-
men: ; every ' comfort: satisfaction ' guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Turk su
ON"T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JORDAN A
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. :
U PRAE'-> FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenatrogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggl3ts, 406 Clay st., sole agts,
<Dj C / w » PA ID FOR A CASE IFAILTO CURE OF
<!pi)Uv/ female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation tree. MRS. DR. SCOTT. 325 Geary
UY ELEGANT LADIES' GOLD - WaTCH:
$16; worth $40. Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
TJ OME, A FRIEND AND MOT 1. CARE.
,XX MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth sU, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl -EASB
see MRS. DR. PUKTZ and be content- 2641/2 4th.
1 R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones. ; Diseases of women and children. .
RS. Dtta DONOVAN, 1308 FOLSOM ST.';
j confinement:, terms reasonable. •_! ■ '. r ■: .■-
-;- . )...; cakfjst CLEANING.
rTT^TEAMCARPET cTrBANINO^WORKsT
cleans, moves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mir. 38 and 40 Kigbth su ; telephone South 250.
PARPETS CLEANED "AND RENOVATED
VJ like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth;; teL
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH _ Co., successors.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
p«t-beatlng Works, 353-67 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
DVANCE CARPET-CLEANING; CO.; i 40J
Butter. TeL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Prop. ,
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANIN(J CO
. 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74. ;
ARPET-CLEA.MNG. 3c: LAYING, 3C: RUG
J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth st.
pONKLIN'S. CARPET- BEATING - WORK*
)\J 383 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. -;'%»
•JC AY ARD AT GREAT .WESTERN CARPET-
«-> cleaning Works. 11 Eighth su' \ , -
• ONES ' A CO.. MAIN~OFFICK -25 ■ AND 27
o Eighth st. Telephone Jessie 1061. ■ - •
educational;
h bald's BUSINESS college, 24 POST—
- Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, - telegraphy, languages, * English branches,
electrical engineering; ■» 'M teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ■ . . ':
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market St.; expenses less, scholar-
ship better than elsewhere.; teachers' preparatory
course free. - - .
YKlis', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 32*
Montgomery St.; Individual instruction in
shorthand, ty pins, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. :
life scholarship $50: l»w rates per week and mo.
T7INGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., ELEC.
Hi civil, mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taught 1864. A.VAN PER N AILLr.N.723 Mkl
"\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GU"llAlt, BANJO:
V half-hour lessons, 60c; hour, $1. PROF. D.
MANSFIEi.D, 1001 Market st., cor. Sixth.
SEE THE DIAMONDS FOR SALE AT HALF
their value at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
MISS JOSiCtTNA MEDINA WILL: OIKS
evening classes in Spanish; individual instruc-
tion also given; best of references. 312 Octavi*.
I>OOKKEEPINO THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
X> or year's course free; only accountant teaching. ,
TAKR, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
,' ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
I Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearse t
on stage. R. 5 and 12, I. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mis
p UITAR, MANDOLIN. PiANU AND VOCAL
VJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
moved to Donoioebldg.cor Market&Taylorsts. .
IJOOKKPNG. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
X> day & night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.:
"VT IGHT SCHOOL-.HE BUS.COLLEGE; 24
i-> Post ;commerclal,shorthand, English -.low rates.
PROF. LOUIS MEKKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
INGING: PIANO: : PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German langua?es:s2 mo. 109Taylor.r7.
C-AIKVOYANTS.
meTrXy'bTn n eti^ca^d^^TadTmXg".
l'l netlc healing specialty. R. 10 .122 Post,2d floor.
MME. FANNIE DAVIS, LUCKY MAGNETIC
IVI healer: cards read. Room 2, 122 Post st.
TTUY THAT LADY'S~DIA. FIN ;~ PRICE $46,
X> worth $HQ. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
.past, present and future; success to all: for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 806 Mission st. ■
YPSY LIFE-READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh St., nr. Market: ladies 25c, gents 50c
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS; LA-
di»s, 250; gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ÜBY CLEVELAND. CARD - KE >DKR,
Clairvoyant, magnetist. 309 Sutter, room 3.
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT,
and mediumin city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
~\,\ ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
-i'J business advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth ,
ISS NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CARD :
reader. 3 20a Eddy St.. room 1.
ME. SYBlLi.ii! TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given:ladfes 25c: 914 O'Farrell. '
pONCHITA RETURNED: WONDERFUL
Vj clairvoyant. 1 38a Fourth St., nr. Howard, r. 4.
R-. B. B \UMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant In the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
VI MX. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-READER;:
■I"- past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th st., r 5.
>ie^ PEARL. MAGNETIC HEaLER:
lucky palmist charms. Room 2, 2.3 Post st.
ME. M \BLhJ WOODS, CLAIRVOYANT AND
card-reader. 207 i'ost. room 8.. . ~;
ME. RAY FAIR, CARD AND MIND-READ-
-1»X er; charms. 11 Taylor su. rooms 2 and 3.
ME. LEOETTE— PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
: Si'I.K.ITUAX.iS.M.
MRS. HENDEE Rog"er"b— SPIRITUAL TEST
■l'l circle to-night; sittings daily. 109 Oak st.
rpESI CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; POSITIVE TESTS
Xto all. 124 Sixth st., parlor 33. ...
T7DWARD K.EARLES— FAREWELL PUBLIC
XU slate-writing and test seance to-night Sco tish
Ha 1, Larkln st : do not fail to see these marvelous.
Independent, automatic and verbal tests; they will
cause you to tnink; they will make you happier;
admission 10c; reserved seats 25c. ■
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um. returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
ness investments, mining speculations aspecialty.
838 Mission sU • :
'JO/- MCALLISTER— MRS. C. J. MEYER;
iJ£i\t test meetings every night. 10c-. Tue., Frt,
2p. m. ; business si ings: trance clr.,Vsc;Sa:.eve $1
mo-NIOHT. 11l LARKIN, KATIE HEUSs-
Xmann's test meeting, 10c.; good music. MRS.
AUSTIN. . .
BUY THAT 14-K. GOLD LADY'S WATCH;
$16, worth $40. Uncle Harris. 15 Gram aye.
..-• M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halght st. : hours 9 until 9p. it.
V« KB. ULLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
l»i circles Fri.. 2 P. it . 25c. Market st.
HYPNOTISM.
Y^NOTIS^J^CI^rNTIFTcXL^Y^^TA^JGH^
success grtd.HvpnotlcMesmeric.Tns,6 O'Farreil
astrology.
: Y^h3lPlTfTE^tTu^
X veal past and future: send 25c for character
sketch and diseases: birthplace, year, sex, month:
hour, a it or P. M.. if pos3ib:e. PROF. .B AIRD,
astro' og<-r. box 468. San J.-se. Cal. -
UENTIST3.
RT—TrTc^XN^rKXT^A^JTTo^^AtNTESsT
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter. NE. cor. Stockton.
<fl»7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16;
t[p 1 .warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
60c Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
R. JES^UP, DENTIST, FORMERLY SUT-
ier and Montc'y, can be found 318 Kearny st/
pHALkANT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspecialty.
VCLL SET OF TEETH, *7. WARRANTED:
X filling 60c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 y 2 3d.
/~\OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. •
R. E. W. PRATT— TEETH ON ALUMINUM
plates same price as rubber.' 14 Grant aye.
<2«7 a set for tketh— warranted AS
«3> I good as can be made: filling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
13AINL.ESS EXTRACTION, 600; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyears'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST NR.
XJ Eleventh: no charge for extracting 1 when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
ET Or TEETH WITHOUT APL A I it DR.
H. O. Young, 1841 Polk st.
DR. J. J. LE—K, I*oo MARK ET, COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.: open evenings; Sundays till noon.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 709 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; -plates. $6 up; fill, »1 up.
R. GEORGE 'W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell 5:.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market su
________________
LOST.
JOST— A PASSBOOK WITH^He'hIBERNI A
Jj Savings and Loan society of San Francisco In
the name of MARY BOLL Y. No. 176685. The
finder will please return to bank.
v LACK-AND-TAN, TAN STRIPES ON FACE;
I license No. 1376. ■> Reward if returned to J. L.
BOUSE, 3250 Twenty-first st. '■ '■ ~X \
OF TEETH. FINDER WILL RKCEIVE
liberal reward. 306 Larkln St., room 78-
UY THAT SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING"
$20; worth $40. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ASS.BOOK. HIBhRNIA SAVING-, AND
Loan Society, San Francisco; ■ name MARY
SEXION; 2091077., Return to bank. :"~ ,
BUNCH OF KEYS AROUND GENERAL p"
O. Finder return 742 Washington ; reward. *
OST— AMETHYST CHARM. FIU VALUE
paid if returned to 316% Third st. >
Ti°^ T '7 A passbook WITH the HIBERNIA
XJ savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. in
the name of MARY McCAR I V, No. 160-1388
The finder will please return to bank. -
1, 0 . 81 -* PASSBOOK WIIH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and . oan Society of San Francisco in
the name of FLORENCE S. COUCHMAN No.
1,981.092s The tinder will please return to bank.
L°r I~°h a^* X WAY HUME FROM THE
XJ Columbia Theater, one Ea tern Star, pin.
Please return to this oßice and receive reward.
ATTOkN_Ys-AT-_AWV
SAILORS' AND MPiCHANICS 1 WAGES COL-
kJ lectea : estates p.obated : deeds, wills, contracts
«& W : dVICe free JG. JEFFRESS. law office"
632 Market St., room 23.
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
jn. alty; private; no charge unless successful; Ml
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a? 1
tended to. G.U. HOWE, atl'y-atlaw. 850 Market.
RW. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
» tatlon free: probate: all cases; fees low. • ■
ADViCK FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO-
cessfnl. ■ W. W. Da V ID.SON. 927 Market at.
;- ■;_:-. STOKAtiK. .. ■ ■ : •;• '
: OTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln. :
T?«URNITURE. PIANOS, " TRUNKS;' AD-
X vances, shipping ;CH AS. L. TA YL0R.204
...,.■;-; BICYCLES. '. '."
SPECIAL BARGAIN: NEW AND"^ECONr>
' hana; highest grades; I lowest prices. B DAVIS
BROTH Cycle Dppt., 25 Geary St. ■ i > , ..
r;;.- ; .-.'■■-, :•-._■; ; -Jt-HYsiciA-Ns.-: ; ; ..;■.-,
B. C.O. 6'DONNE _tv"l2O6 M ARKET; C~OR.
XJ Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a sDecialiy. ,
'■■ JTFST>"KS"< ' ANCK"». j
\AnTNl^D^XpTirfY~WlTirs2o 10 TO $4000
" to purchase an Interest in an enterprise that
will pay to the investor at least *5000 a year; 091*
part of the n>on?v to be paid down; balance to*e
paced in bank ;us wcr ing capital; the presefct
ow er is a physician and cannot devote to'.'tiisj
business the necessary lime: to an honest, reliable J
man full charge- will be given; positively no rlsK; '
ftb.int 800 acres or land included: only those mean-
log strict business need apply; If you want a sooo
thing investigate this. H. MOltPbY, 628 Market.
T WILL A.-SWr BUSINESS MEN OR WOMEN
-*- who have money or stock of goods to open
grocery, meat market, flsb, oysters, delicacies or
vegetable buslti »s on Davisadero st. in general
m * rk , ei: l have double stores 100 feet deep and
will tit up fine for general market: low rent. Ad-
dress N., box 105, Call Offl c.
jft'^Hfi IF Yo ° HAVE THIS AMOUNT
** *■'""• in cash and can come well recom-
mended, will ive you interest in business thus
will pay you $2000 yearly, besides $100 month
salary: particulars only at personal interview:
thi.- is a chance of a lifetime. Address R. C, box
44, this office. ■
YSEi* 0 iiON , E t T A * ND KELIABLE MAR-
X ned man, with bank reii-rt-nc-s, de-ires to ex-
change a house ami lot across t i.c bay for an inter-
l-«,n nd M PO " UO " -tn-lesnimate business; value
$3200. O. P., care Pac. Cal. Co.. 83, 6 Eddy st.
PHYSICIAN FURNITURE FOR
sale cheap on account of leaving the city will
introduce a reputable physician to a good-paying
practice:, best location ill tb« city; rent cheap.
> all at spreckels building, 927 Market st , rooms
414 and 415.
<B»QrLA AT A BARGAIN UNTIL DECEM-
«JpOtJV/.:ter 20, half-interest in a restaurant
located in a large mining town and doing a Hun
business: good reasons fo* selling. Address box
60, Call Office. . •
4(\(\ WOOD AND COAL YARD, EBTAB-
<yptlUU. lisbed for over 20 years; best location
in the city; 2 horses, 2 wagons and 5 furnished
rooms; se.ling account of sickness.. Call at 732
Howard st.
T/OR SALE— HORSE, EXPRES- WAGON
andsand: s\v. cor. Larkln and McAllister
sis.: .averages $80 monthly ; cheao on account of
removal: bargain; must be sold. ,
"DARE chance for THOSE WHO desire
XV to Invest in a good gold mine; full investiga-
non allowed and particulars furnished. J. '/,., box
93, Call Office.
&Q:i\n WELI/-KNOWN HEATH HESORT
tJpOiJV/U. and livery stable at railroad station:
pays $2500 a year profit. H. M. WOOLLEY, 632
Market su " ,
IJETAIL STATIONERY AND PERIODICAL
XV business for sale, cheap: growing trade; go l>t
location. Address . Statlo. er. , box 90, Call OH J'-
(tOt WILL BUY ;A NICELY LOCATI«S
OO frulistore if sold immediately: horse \M^
wagon; furniture. 'Call 10-day at 2103 Mlssfoirst.
C? 1 Vf\ RTNER As CASHIER AND as-
«]PX— .O. sistant, $40 . per month, room and
boar.l ; guaranteed full value. 1., box 90, Call.
"LJ OMELIKE FURNISHED HOUSE, 7RUOM3
XX end bath; 3 rooms rented, which cover rent
($25): price $275. Howard, box 71, Call.
BARGAIN-SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE:
12 rooms, all furni-bed; good business; good
place for right party. Inquire Call Office.
VINE LOCATION FOR BUTCHER-SHOP
J? for good steady man; closed on account of sick-
ness. Five-mile House, Mission road.
4>7rwk A CLEAN, PROFITABLE BUBI-
-0 I Uv. ness; fine location. DECKER, 1020
Market st. : -
"ITU E STORE; TINSMITH; PLUMBING;
X 1 harness-maker. Five-mil - House, Mission toad.
OOD PARTNER WANTED, OLD ( ORNER
saloon; good business- * Inquire »1 Ninth st.
-«B! IHM PARTNER: MUST BE SOBER AND
l\J\J. honest. T., box 149, this office.
ANT PARTY WITH $200: CAN CLEAR $6
a day. W. P., box 9*, < all l fflce.
OR SALK— BAR FIXTURES AND STOCK.
Apply 3 Howard st. _.
<n> 1 C. . CIGAR-STORE: '£ LIVING-KOOMS;
i\P lU' ■ . rent $14: sic. ness. 1127 M ssion st.
TTNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE
\J the whole or a three-quarter interest in a well-
established warehouse business payiop a good and
sure yearly income; will accept desirable prop-
erty in part payment. E ASTON, ELDRIDGIS <&
CO., 638 Market st.
<3&it^n FINE , CORNER SALMON; . BEST
tJT'jtlU. part Fourth st. ; rooms ail joining: neat,
paying place; must be sold, owner in other bust- .
ness; sure bargain. , Busli ess Exchange, 45 Third.
mo LET-ESTABLI HE COAL YARD.WITH
X 5 stalls, scales, screen block; late owner haj
been railed *X.ast suddenly: rent $12; paid until
Dec. 18. Apply 191 5 McAlllster.bet. Lyon and Loiu
MILi,INERY-STOKE FOR SALE; good
tabllsbed trade; nice, clean stock: apply on
premises, 1211 Stockton st. Indiana Auction Co.
( "1 KOCERY BUSINESS F< R SALE CHEAP;
*I stock and fixtures: rent $20: long-established
corner. PA TTERSuN & CO., i Valencia st.
i-STAURANT-FINE BARGAIN; LARGE
stock of wines and liquors. DECKER,. 1020
Mar St. ,-, . ..■ ....--,. . .': »*■<> -
UY THAT FINE VIA. STUD:, PRICE $55;
worth $100. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant
-fflj 7/1 A GROCERY AND SALOON — 4 LIV-
«JP I \>\J . Ing-rooms upstairs. Inquire Call Office.
"LOR SALE— SMALL MILK ROUIE; AVK»
■T ages 6 cows. ' M. R., box 71, Call Office. ... ,C^*l_y
ffljl OX EXPRESS RIG AND STAND. Af^f
nPX>ii«J. ply grocery, 501 Hayes, cor. Octavia.*
<Uj^7X CORNER SALOON; HANDSOME'
t^OlO. fixtures: doing good business: good
reason for selling; investigate at once upstairs
45 Third st.
L'OK GROCERY AND BAR: GOOD
X location; ' center of the city. Inquire HEY
GRAUENHOLZ 4 CO., 215 Sacramento st. • ~
-iTAURANTi PARTLY . FURNISHED;
reasonable rent. Apply J. F. PLUMB, 140"4
Valencia st», cor. Twenty-fifth.
(Dj ] X 1 1 RESTAURANT: DOING GOOD BUSl-
«JpXt>»'. ness: 3 living- rooms: must be sold
immediately: rent $20. 1250 Mission st.
1 NVENTORS— IF YOU WANT TO PROCURE
X or sell a patent or need capital, call 'or write
Hall of Inventions, 215 Sansome st , room 12.
V\rE HAVE THE BEST-PAYING BUSINESS
»* proposition in the city for $300. 215 sansome
St., room 12.
f.()|i RESTAURANT WITH A. GOOD
tipOUW. steady trade. Apply at 17 Thirtieth st.
for information.
<U:1OO BUTCHER-SHOP DOING A NICE
tIPXUV/. cash business. 1610 Baker st.
IG CHANCE TO INVESTORS; MODERATE
means guaranteed. C. E. Co., 221 Davis st.
TiCK OF GROCERIES FOR SALE AND
store to let; cheap. SW. cor. Hyde and Post.
TVTEW PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FORA
J-> moneyed man. 6'^iS Golden Gate aye.
9(11 >■> FILLMORE RESTAURANT FOR
_\JX_ sale.
mAILOR -.-HOP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY Sl'.,
X near Montgomery aye. ; retiring from business.
ARE OPPORTUNITY To PURCHASE;
old-established ' furnitnre, carpet and under-
taking busin<>9<; clears over $8000 a year; stock
$10,000. GEO. L. .BIRKMAIER, Wells-Fargo
fciurcss building. . ■ ■->.;--;.- .
\\r ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A
" grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
\V SPA PER ROOTS IN INTERIOR CITY
J." close to San Franciaux For particulars app>/
this office. -
KOU IE FOR SALt*. ACROSS THE BAY. 137
anire at Call Oflice. . ' .
I-ODUINO-HOITSES FOB SALE. -Ji {
A M. SPECK & CO, 602 MARKET ST. \tf L^
14 rooms, average $60 clear. $450 '
12 rooms, Post, near Powell 630
18 rooms, splendid corner house 550
QQ ROOMS. RENT *t>o: MONEYMAKER $«50*
00 12 rooms, r?nt $25: nr. Market 25. »
60 rooms: line house: clearing $250 1700 .J
14 rooms: new furniture; easy payments.... 1000 J
6 rooms; nicely furnished; north Market... 1&0
28 rooms: clearing 580...... 600
UNDER «fc CO.. 765 Market st.
C| \ ROOMS, CLEARING $200; IN PAY- .
o*' menu • .$2500
'^8-room house; rooms all rented. 600
8 rooms: near Ciiy Hall: i.ew .„ 250
14 rooms on Folsom st., near Third.. 350
66-room corner house, new furniture — .. • 3000
8.. rooms on Market St., offer wanted. 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250 ,
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market su. opp. Fifth. B>
»!Q FURNISHKD ROOMS; CHEAP; ON AC- I
— O count Of owner leaving city. 916 Howard st. |
FOR LALE— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 ROOMS |
and bath: cheap. 202% ; ork at.
UYTHA'I'34-K. GO- DLADI S' AMERICAN %
1 watch; $14,w0r h $40. Unc c Harrl.i.ls Or'utav -i*
, EFORE BUYING OK LLING HOUSES OR "f
I . businesses see a. M 1- LK.NS. 906 Market st. %
v WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
t\ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
aUKNAXUK— A'Oli SALE. ;
lkgXnt" MTujKß^r^w^rL^rr^^DTSußTK
bedstead, with 2 mattresses; also a three-
quarter bedstead;; reasonab c. 706 E Us st.
VT ING FURNITURE C 0. .1127 MARKET.
IV furnish 4 rooms, *'.H to $50; best bargains.
UCKIXGHAM FURNITURE CO. — LOWEST
l-> prices: furniture, catpeut: all trade* 866 Miss' n
UCTI HOUSE, 827 .-. ISS.O.N ST.— ASH
chamber suits, $13 50: folding-beds. $10. .
C^HAS. M. VLUM & CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
/ ! ' 1301 MAIiKE T ST., COR. NINTH. .
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods. -
A(\l\ CARPETS: CHAMBER . .BJi'jS." $77"
1 \J\J, stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed*/*
$10: bar outfits. T. 1). MCCARTHY. 764 Mission I
AT L. J. : NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FcT'J
lowest prices on household goods: new or coo/f
us new: cas or on time: open evenings. ' "•"'" •
■■•: ■■.'■■■' S.^ t ''?*f* ixlJJi 5 ; .**»-—* x_o. J ■ ":.>"•
Tf'yOU WANT GOOIipRICES FOr'fIJRvT
Xtnre and merehanalse see BURP, 21 1 La r ki
TTIG>iEKi'i;IC^ I HAN AN V WHERE P \ID
XI by Ind.a.u. Auction C 0.1057 Market.opp.Jo °
pASH PAID_ FOR E.M'IRE • HOUSEa on"
BOWUHISR 222 Stockton; sendlpoiut• • • CITY REAL - ESTATE.
CV .H. UMBSEN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
T. agents, rent collectors;and auctioneers. Office
, a_J salesroom 14 Montgomery st., near Market '
'.• / - • AT AUCTION. -
'.I TO-MORROW.. .
_f We will sell at auction to-morrow, Monday, De-
•^cember 14. at our salesroom, at 12 o'clock _, byor-
: '"' der of th<> administrator, the property of the estate
L ." o of Cynthia Anna Jaquitli, decea-ed," situate north-
w«'<r corner of Waller and Devisadero streets; 40x
.300 feet; elegant oty>, :.uicand Dasement, resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
- nice gurden; commands fine views. • . '
• . BARGAINS AT PRIVATE SALE.
• : MCE FLATS ON PO*V ST.
OjCT^O RENT $840 PER annum: 3
C 1 I *)\t. nice b.iy-windo— flats; brick foun-
nation, etc.: lot 'J5x137:8; east of Van Ness aye.
;..f:CHKAP.PARK i luck.
". tSi^OO FULL BLOCK; 600x240; MAKING
K?OO\J\.t. 50 lots: this is a bargain.
•:. Residence on larkin ST.
:^'^^on PttICE REDUCED; 2-STORY
... <?«JVJV»v. and baiement house of 8 rooms and
'...bath: bay-windows; stable. '
'• PARK LANK.
SJ 1 7 ~ift LARGE LOT, FRONTING ON 3
W ll «'V. streets: ready for building.
.-.••A GOOD investment: ■- ,-
QQAAA WEBSTER ST.; 3 ELEGANT BAY-
C O\J\J\J. window flats of 8, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each; all modern improvements and con-
, veniences; rent $810 per annum: «tOCO at 6V«
per cent can remain if desired; 25x90.
Sear mail dock.
<stl () ftftft BRICK BUILDING AND LOT
. -LU.UUU. 72:6x80, frontlug on 3 streets,
all accepted; this Is cheap.
HEAP LOT ON FULTON STRKET.
<£'>1 HO 25x137:6; STREET ACCEPTED;
. — IUU. this is a pick-up.
, NEAR MARKET fc'lßKKl".
•Siknnfi p AGE -T.; HOUSE OP 7 ROOMS
«IJSOUv/U. and bath; could be converted into
flats; over one-half of lot vacant; 27:6x120; two
frontages.
. CHEAP LOT NEAR SAN BRUNO AVENUE.
<_F\AA SILVER AVK. AND. HALE ST.:
<p«JUU. two frontages: 25x150; level lot on
grade.
AH IMMENSE BARGAIN.
QjCA/Wj H 'WARD ST.; 3-STORY' BAY-
tjVJUUw. window residence of 14 rooms and
bath: brick foundation: stone walks; all modern
Improvements: 10t26x12U:6: building alone worth
price asked; property actually worth $8000; this
Is a splendid cnance for some one.
■ "MISSION FLATS.
<_ 19-M 2 BAY-WINDOW 'FLATS OF 5
Zi)U. and 4 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.; '25x104.
Washington-street FLATS. - -:• :
' "_oa l\ft(\ rent S'_'O4O PER ANNUM; 6
'j>£\J.\JyJ\J. elegant new modern flats; 42:8 x
«: 37:0.
:;legant residence ON post st.
_19aaa CONTAINS 12 rooms and
11.I 1 . l—.vV/U. bath; bay-windows; brick foun-
dation, stone walks etc; street accepted; most
fashionable part of the city: 27:6x137:6.
COZY COTTAGE. WESTERN ADDITION.
Q_>ftO.n BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF 6
IjJOUUU. rooms and bath: all modern improve-
ments; brick foundation; 25x87:6; must be sola;
offer wanted.
BARGAIN ON OAK st.
•QCf\nn SUBSTANTIAL AND NEARLY
• • «ij)UoUU. new 2-story ana basement residence
of 7 rooms and bath; brick foundation: all mod-
era improvements: mortgage of $d 950 can re-
main If desired: '27:6x120 to rear street: room
for flats on the rear street; this is a bargain.
. Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Reoords." which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
■ G. H. UMBSKN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAINWALD. BCCKBKK & CO., ~_A_ _S-
•3 -",, TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$11,600— Van Ness aye. residence: 2-story.mod-
err. bonse of 10 rooms and bath; large lot, 50x
137:6 feet; Van Ness aye. bituminlzed.
' $25,000— Howard-st. investment: substantial
building of stores and flats: rents 91950 per an-
: V.m: large lot, 60*90 feet, with extra lot 25x70 ft.
$8500— Washington st, near Bttxierfck; new,
modern house of 8 rooms, bath and finished base-
ment; preitllr decorated and frescoed; lot 25 x
15J7:8V4feet
• $7000— Fell-st boulevard, opposite Golden Gate
Park: 2-story cottage of 8 rooms, bath and finished
basement: designed by Willis Polk; the very best
sauliary plumbing; house new and modern In
every ways mortgage of $3400 can remain.
- $7500— Modern bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; California s  near Fillmore; lot 27:6 x
»7:t5; rents 950.
I • $7000— Stein er-st business corner; fine locality
for 'stores and flats; lot 41:6x88; bank mortgage
of *400J can remain at 6V3 per cent.
97000— \vestern Addition business property;
8 ore and flats; rents 976 monthly; lot 60x87:6.
96250— Fine Buchauan-st. residence of 8 rooms
and bun: all modern Improvements.
$6J0— 925 cash, balance $10 monthly: lot W.
line Hoffman aye., 185 feet S. of 24th St.; only a
few steps from 24tb-st car line; lot ready to build
on; street work done; lot 25x125.
I,6oo— Van Ness corner lot, 60x135; owners
in same block are asking $300 per front foot for
inside lots: street bitumen.
$'_'sliO— New cottage on Chnrch st: 6 rooms and
bath: basement; lot 25x100; offer wanted.
*.-50l>— substantial, modern 2-story house
of t> rooms and bath; street bitumen; small cash
payments; balance $20 monthly.
$Jo,soo— Moaern Z-jtory and basement resi-
dence of 14 rooms ana oath: 8 bedrooms; lot -6:6
/el 27 :8 V* : Pacific aye.: „„ ... 
V" ~3soo— Modern residence, ' near Golden -Gate
l'tric: 9 rooms and bath; lot 26x185 :8 to rear st.
JO— Only $100 cash, balance $20 monthly,
<>me as rent; new moaern cottage In Mission; con-
.. tainii 6 rooms and bath.
m $15U0— Capp, st., near 15th; 26x75 feet; street
r915u0— Capp St., near 16th; 26x75 feet; street
>■ ork hil done.
• ' $3000— Bush st. corner lot, 25x100; NE. corner.
¥4250— Rents $44 per month; Clara st, bet.
sth and 6tb: lot 25x80.
1 $700— st., near Hampshire; lot 26x70.
$2200—2 lots: 'J7:6xl'-'O each; on Diamond St.,
pear 19th; $1000 can remain on mortgage.
91250— Stevenson St., near 14th: sewered and
I macadamized; 25x66.
The above Is only a partial list We will be glad
> lb*inrn_h a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE <fc CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
________________ __
OD. BALDW IN _ SON,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND RENT COLLECTORS,
c ; 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
_QIAA RENTS $32 PER MONTH; RITCH
<IrOH'U. St., bet 3d and 4th, Folsorn and Har-
•*" rison: 25x75 and 2 nice flats of 5 rooms each;
also little house In rear ; strtet accepted by the city.
<_*Q7^A BUSH. NEAR FRANKLIN; SUN-
t?OtO\J. Ny side; 25x70; choice location;
only $160 per foot. ••..-:■
RICHMOND BARGAINS.
• <_^O, 70x154, ON ' A ST., NEAR 28TH
tjuijv. avenue. ■■;*.•
ffi.4CA B ST., NEAR 30TH AYE.; 57x174.
, mnrA COR. 27TH AND B; 60x181.
C.r)-A EACH— 4 LOTS ON B ST., NR. 13TH
. O— OU aye.; 26x108 each.
onrA 1 LOT; 25x125: NEAR B ST.
_*f)AA 2BTH AYE.. E. SIDE; 126 FEET
Jfr_UU. N.of Tl St.; 25x120. j-;
(_Q£»A MUST BB SOLD TO CLOSE AN
«jpGOU. estate: 18: have., bet Clement and
! California: 25x120 ready to build on and
near the cars; worth $600.
Oil Qftft SACRAMENTO, NEAR SPRUCE;
<TXOUU. cottage of 4 rooms and lot; 25x127:8:
sunny side of street; a bargain.
_»QAAA FINE NW. COR. OF BACRAMEN-
<J)OI'UU. to and Cherry: 35x102; both streets
mini zed and accepted.
_ 1 A A EACH; N. side OF SACRAMENTO.
O J.uuU near Spruce; lots 25x127 each; street
work complete.
O. D. BALDWIN A SON,
118 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROS.,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
_*OOAA GREEN ST., NEAR OCTAVIA;
<J)ZOUU. 25:10x137:6; street work done;
grand marine view. \ :
a. A A CASH ONLY FOR LOT 26x100,
tJ?ZUUU with four 2-story houses, renting for
$75 per month: Pine st., near Polk; price $8500;
mortgage of 9d500 can remain.
<Z»QAAA RENTS $hO: 4 TENANTS; LOT
»J)OUUU. 22:6x137:6; Turk st., 2 blocks from
. Market /,-__ ___:- '•
ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE; EXCELLENT
location; 1328 Green St., near Polk.
©-HA 20TH AYE.. NEAR B ST.: 80x120:
«ID i \)\J. an offer wanted: must be sold. .
MCAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st.
_>I?£A HALF ITS VALUE: 95X141: ON
ShbOU. corbettroad: Market'street extension.
9125— Cheapest level lot at lngleslde, near elec-
trlc cars. R.. box 114. Call Offio*-. . ' ."■ ■■■-■].*
©on A CASH AND $20 MONTHLY: 6 ROOMS
«_>_!UU and bath; cottage with stable: Just built;
latest improvements. 832 Jersey st , near Castro.
UAKOAIN-HO! 'SK 4 ROOMS: HIGH BASE
I) menr lot 26x109: on Treat aye.. Dear 23d st:
pnc°s2oo" lot worth. the 2000; . calf cash.
J'HiLBRiCK, 2548 Folsom St.
INVESTMENT IN business paying
-T property, flats, cottages, etc., see M. B. LEVY,
11 Montgomery at. '. ' . ' -
_w. llAn FELL ST.. N. LINE, NEAR WKB-
SbUOO. ster; sunny flats, paying $60 per
■Hfg' Ot VA- NESS AYE. CORNER; 60-
-m I O. i OU. vara: the price is 10 per cent
than anytbln* onVred on the avenue; street bitu-
mlnlzed, sewered and side sewered; nothing In the
, city so sure of a sharp advance In B ST BUY IN
[ C!l A AAA HERK IS THK BEST BUY IN
L t]SIr).UUU. th« city tn Improved property; lot
I 35x100; a corner located inside Of Van Ness aye.,
» paying 9149 per •ro n:h: -must sell. J. w.
WBIuHT&C"., 628 Market st •:....-
ANTKD—COTTAOK OF 6 ROOMS OR LOT:
Mission preferred: state terms. M.. box 78,
Call Oflice. "'■ ■■ ■.:::■■.■■ ■■ _____
ts7cumo>d LOT WANTED in EXCHANGE
.it for an elegant extension-ton family carriage.
. with valuable young Sydney colt 6 years old. Fur-
ther particulars address P.. box 19, this office. .
MALL HOMES: NEAR CARS; $10 PER MO.
Til- MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
MADISON „ BURKE, KKAL -STATE
Agents; established 1868: 626 Market st
Ql9 ftftft JONES, NR. O'FARRELL: 3
<Jpl_i.UUU. new flats: rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn Into store and 2 flats. , '
©1 P\ OHO. WEBSTER, NEAR O'FAlt-
fS>xO.O\J\J. rell: modern improvements In
flats; we.l rented; lot 50x137:6; half cash.
fiALIFORNIA, BRT. LARKIN AND POLK:
\J tine residence: 8 moms and bath; lot 25x87:6.
QCAAA FILLMORE. NR. MCALLISTER;
t>?O\J\J\J. elegant flats, renting f0r 966; lot 26x
87:6. . ___
3_'-*£nA CLAY"-ST. CORNER. NR. STOCK-
<IPOUUU. ton; annual rent $408. ..
©1 Q. AAA BUTTER ST., NR. WEBSTER:
iJpIO.UUU. double lot, 50x137:6; four new
flats; paying over 9 per cen-. .
— TRAA REDUCED FROM 99000: PARK
«JP I OUU. residence: N. side Fell st, near
Broderlck: 9 rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
_/i AAA Valparaiso, NEAR mason.-
«3p "UU. elegant flats; pay 1 per cent per
month: lot 23x60.
<$Lf<ft<\ft PAGE, NEAR BRODERmK: RESI-
«jpUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
b7:6. •
<C I^AHA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
rI&OUUU. Kidley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6;
street accepted.
©JAAA SHIPLEY. -NEAR 6TH;- RENTS
<IPt.UUU. $45 per month; substantial building;
lot 25x75. ■ '
©QOAA CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
«35OCUU. 3d aye.: 6 rooms and bath; In a rap-
idly Improving neighborhood.
«;QF;AA ALABAMA, nr, LIST; modern
<j£OOUU. cottage; 5 rooms and bam and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
/CLEMENTINA ST.. SR. 4TH. ; TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
CCQAAA RENTS 8336 PER ANNUM; 3
COUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x76.
G?9Qn.A. ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
»ir>_.OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
25x137:6; Jackson, near Baker; must be sold
at once. *•„—'--
corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7.
$8500— Pane st, near Baker: 75x137:6.
Wai er, cor. Belvedere: 25x108:9: only $3200.
$4500— 24 th. NE. cor. Vlcksbnrsr: 50x114.
(4000— 65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$3600— Pine ft., cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
700— Broderick. near Bush: E. side: 30x108.
42400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x106.
?4000— 1 ryant st, corner o- Harrle. ; 26x76.
• $2200— Lybu. near Grove; 25x100.
92050— near Scott; 25x117:8. /
92000 each— lots on Bush, near Broderlck.
1000— A st, near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye., near California St.: 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Pt. Lobos, nr. 28th aye. ; 25x100.
Madison _ burke. 626 Market st
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Vox RH_II».
OF. YON RHEIN _ CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street
$20,000— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 with an L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rents $117 50.
97000— -d stand South Park lane; 45:6x98;
2-story house.
96250— P05t St., near Webster; 24x91:6; hand-
some 2-story residence: all modern Improvements;
9 rooms and bath.
96750— Green, near Franklin; 28x130; 3-story
bouse. 2 tints: 13 rooms: bath. < '
$4600— Vallejo, near Leavenworth; 43:9x187:6;
two tront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $46. • *'
$4i.'OO— Washington, near Powell; 20x67:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms and bah; rent 840.
$4000— Bryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2-story house
of 9 rooms and bath.
94000— Kearny, near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats, 15 rooms, with stable; rents $39. ■
93750— Perry St., near Third; '.5x76; 2 flats; 8
rooms and oaths-, rents 933 50.
$3500— Vallejo st, near Montgomery: 20x137:6;
7 room.* aud bath: 2 flats; rents 926.
$3300— Union st, near Mason; 2 Hats: rents $40.
$310J— stanyan, near C> rattan: 80 teet by lrre.-
nlar depth; rarially occupied by house; 6 rooms
and baib: rent 916. .
$2500— Erie st, near Mission; 2-story house; 7
rooms and bath; 25x85; rent 918.
$2100— Valley st, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
fiats; rents $16 50.
$1650— Folsom St., ■ bet. Union and Jefferson;
brand new cottage: latest improvements; 5 rooms
and bath : $500 cash, balance $15 per month; 25x70
$900— Harold aye.; Ingicside; 25x112:6; cot-
tage 4 rooms; rent $10.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25tb-st railroad station; 61x
117 :6 to an alley. - v — - -;
Fair oaks and 25tn; 30x100.
23d and Florida: 75x104; will subdivide Into 3
lots 25x104 each.
$4100— Ninth, near Folsom: 25x100.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67; make offer.
$-000— Hancock st, near Sanchez: 50x114.
$VJSO- Fair Oaks, near 25th: 26:6x100. .
*1 200— Band £stn aye.: 60x188. '-'
EW. HAWKINS,' ' ■ '- " ■
DEALER IN REAL ESTATE,
MORTGAGE LOANS AND INSURANCE,
NO. 11 MONTGOMERY ST.
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
ffl» JAAA SACRIFICED ON ACCOUNT OF
<ID-iUVU. departure handsome bay-window
cottage; N. line of Bush St., near Baker; 6 rooms
and bath; fine basement; large garden; size, 25x I
137:6.
-QF^AA WHOLE BLOCK; SOUTH OF THE
<iPOt>UU . park; cheap; size 240x600.
mj'TAA ASHBURY HEIGHTS; CORNER
<IP«JOvU. Frederick and Clayton: beautiful
view; cars now pass the property; street work
done; size, 630:6x106.
ffljQlAA PAYS 9384 YEARLY: ALWAYS
tlpOJ UU. rented: nearly new; perfect order; 4
tenants: no better small Id vestment.
tf_9QAA FIFTH AYE., NEAR POINT LO-
rJr_-OUU. bos: new cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
high basement: perfect sanitary plumbing; must
be sold; site, 26x120. _
m» Am PARK LOTS: SECOND TIER, SOUTH
«H)_:tJU.of park, near boulevard; size. 75x120.
ffi>9£|TA i PRETTY WINDOW COT-
<2p_ .UOU. tage; 5 rooms and bath; near Market
and Guerrero: mortgage $1500 can remain; rent,
922 50; size, 26x75. ;
4J.C9CA CLAY. NEAR DEVIBADERO-2- I
i\rO~O\J. story 7 rooms and bath; stable and
carriage- house; size, 27:6x1-7:8i4- -
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 1] Montgomery st
Ail, SPECK _ CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. ' MONEY' LOANED.
MONEY LOANED. . ;:
RENT COLLECTORS— RKAL ESTATE.
RENT COLLECTORS- REAL ESTATE.
■ CHEAP.
CHEAP.
9350— L0t near Jones st : on a small street
1600— Only $200 down buys nearly new cottage.
*1800— Lot on Haight St.: 26x120. ••: / V
$2000— '2 good flats on a car line.
$3100— 2 fine flats, half block from Geary-st. cars.
$4000— store property : car line; lot 50 xBO.
$4000 — residence, near Cala. and Jones.
94250—2 nice flats; block from Eddy and Jones
94500— residence; Western Addition: fronts
2 streets; suitable for doctor.
$5000—3 brand-new flat*, near Page: rents 948
$6200— 3 elegant flats on Golden Gate aye.; rents
964.
*6500— Business property on O'Farrell st, near
Orpheum.
910.000— property on Hayes st, near
Market.
$20,000— Business property on 4th st.; rents
9170; 40 feet front.
$31.000— Business property on 6th st : 80 feet
front: r»nts 93000. .
$35,000— Market-st property, near Baldwin,
well rented.
$600 rent a month— Offer wanted for. this fine
business property, near the Baldwin Hotel.
O.her bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st ' '
AWN A HOME.
IT'S CHEAPER TO PAY INTEREST ON A
X mortgaged home than to pay rent; you cannot
lmaeln- how Independent you will feel, even If
you don't own It clear.
ffI»7KA NEW 3- ROOM COTTAGE, WITH
tip I O\f* hall and large basement, Including a
large lot: close to electric cars; 950 down; $10
monthly. jgflßl >>%?;.;
•ttl "1 KA NEW 4-ROOM AND BATH COT-
«IP11«JU. tage, with large lot near Mission-
street cars and school-house; 9100 down; 916
monthly. . .- • .
5 AND 6-BOOM COTTAGEB; GOOD LOCALI-
ties; on easy payments.
JACOB HEYMaN, 11 Montgomery st.
■pOB CHRISTMAS. ~~~~ '": -..
A FINE LOT, 25x114.
Only 9276. Only f275.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
For 20 days only we offer lots on Twenty-ninth
st, nour Diamond, for the remarkably low price
of £276 each. Only a few of these lots to be sold,
andtthey will soon begone. Castro-st cable cars
3 blecks distant Diamond st. graded and sew-
ered. No excuse fcr. not owning a lot at these
prices and terms. ,
' JACOB HEY'MAN. 11 Montgomery st
C. BEMIM, '••: ' ."• ■ ■ .■ ■ ~~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
, ' . ' -. 324 MONTGOMFBY BT.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of Stanyan st, bet Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet ' . ;
9450— Carlo* Villa lot; 100x160 feet
$6700— 60x127 :6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
Ins the Presidio and bay. . "?'
$ 6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 26x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. ;
£8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cdle and Carl sts.
Choice building lots north of park. r
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and «J st : 100x95 ft
EE THE DIAMONDS THAT CAN BE PUR-
chased half value at Uncle Harris', 16 Grant ay
_•<_<■ A 4-KOoM COTTAGE, 225 ; FLOOD
tjhOtJU. aye.: Sunnyside Tract: - $40 cash, 910
per month.* THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
' CITY * REAL } ESTATE, .
BALDWIN A HAMMOND. * ?'■* V '•'?
LEADING REAL-ESTATE DEALERS.
$5250 -Scott st. near Eddy; 58 flats of 6 and 6
rooms; rents 941; lot 25x100. .
New . Richmond Cottage. . , -
9 2800— Nice new 5-room bay-window cottage;
high basement; and bathroom; lot 26x120: one-
balf cash: 4th aye.. near < lement, .'• ', •■: ■,
Owner Going 10 Europe: Must Be Sold, -
95000-Kpnts low at 948: good tenants; no chil-
dren; a. ways rented; 3 flats and 2-story house in
rear; 4, 4, 4 and 3 rooms: Paciflc-st. corner, near
Taylor. ,
.'. . Big Interest. .;
$4800— Corner 25th and Sbotwell sts.; 3-story
buildin t containing store and 4 rooms and bath;
also 2 flats above 01 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
total rent, 95 .'. . ; -
: A Bargain.
$2000— South of Market st; Zoe. nr. Bryant St.;
2-story nous*, 11 rooms; lot- 25x76.
$6000-.UcAllister st., nr. Baker: 2 new bay-
window flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each: rent
$60; lot 25x137:6. '
$11,000— Eddy st, nr. Lavenworth: 3-story
building, containing 11 rooms, bath, etc.: lot
6; rents 450. '
9 600-Rent 940; Clara st, nr. 4th; fla s; lot
25x76.
$7000— Clay st, bet. Buchanan and Webster;
splendid 12-room residence; billiard-room, etc.;
lot -7:6x103. .
Probate Sale.
$5000— lot 60x106:3; Hayes and Clay-
ton sts. ' '"
■• 93250— 5500 cash, balance monthly; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and -bath;, near Mission and
Nineteenth sts.; rent 925. - ' ' T. T
Pays Go id Interest.
92000— Tehama St., near Third; rent 932: 3
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; house has just been
put in fine condition. -
- 918,000— A handsome 2-story residence on Clay
St., near > ough; lot 55x180: a great bargain.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
• 10 Montgomery st.
1 OTS THAT ARE BARGAINS.
-1-" 93800— Desirable lot; sunny side Clay St.,
near Broderick; 27:3x106; select neighborhood.
$1250— Lot on 20t;is;.. near Noe; 26x114.
• ' A Good Business Lot. '-I
Clement st., cor. 32d aye., opposite Sutro
power-house; •-4x100: half cash.
Cheap Lots on First Avenue. ■• t - ':--■ ? '
91050 only— first aye., bet. California and
Clement its.; a good chance to make money." ■
92750— An offer wanted: a desirable home lot:
Baker st, near Oak; overlooking main entrance
to park.
9 750— Stevenson st., bet Herman and Ridley;
25x82:6.
91250 each— Stevenson st, bet. Thirteenth and
Fourteenth: 25x65.
$1200— Bryant . aye. near Twenty-first St.;
30x100. .
$1,000 each— lots on Bush st, near Lyon;
25x175 each: extradeep.* ■
92200— McAllister at, near Baker; 26x137:6;
sunny side of street. ' ■ '
BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
' 10 Montgomery st.
by common
Consent.
The best lots in the city for the money.
Think of It 1 Lots for ..
$350 TO $400 EACH,
Facing a street that Is graded, sewered and
macadamized. Water piped to every lot
$5 CASH, 95 MONTHLY j
Are the terms. No reason In the world why
you should not own a splendid building lot,
but every reason why you should. , This
property is oc the line of an electric road, 20
or 25 minutes' ride to your work. Over 125
lots have been sold. Many homes nave been
built: others now in course of construction.
SEE THE CASTRO-ST. ADDITION.
Take Mission or Valencia st cars: transfer
at 14th st. to electric road; transfer again at
30th st and ride 6 minutes to the corner of
Castro and Cnenery sts. Agent on the
' ground Sundays. Call at our oflice or on K.
M. LONG, 8207 22d st., cor. Mission.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
OVER, TOY & SONNTAG.
. . REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses rented, rents - collected and full charge
taken of property. 30 Montgomery st -
011 9 tiftft A CHOICE BUSINESS, LOT
O -I— i."UU. and improvements on Eddy st,
near Larkin; lot 50x87:6; this is a fine bargain.
_>1 AAA 4 FLATS, CLEMENTINA ST.. NB.
«J)3UUU. 6th: size of lot 26x76; rent $46 per
month: a bargain. _____ - <•*•
<_!f)A AAA A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE,
«IP_U.UUU. N. side of Broadway,' fine view;
fashionable neighborhood; 16 rooms and bath:
size of lot 84:4x137:6. .
©9- AA LOT ON S. SIDE OF VALLKJO
<p_i«JUU. St. near Devlsaaero: marine view;
size of lot, 27:6x110 feet; must be sold.
_O9AA 4 FLATS ON DORE ST., NEAR
<;P.__UU. pin; lot 26x85 feet; rents 930 per
mouth; good investment.
_Q£AA ELLIB ST., NEAR BRODERICK:
tjpOOUU. lot 25x137:6 feet; 2-story house of 7
rooms and bath.
<Si.A(\f\(\ FELL ST., NEAR SCOTT: COT-
OtIUUU. tage of 6 rooms and bath ; size of lot
25_87:flfe3t. '"'__ _,*' ".■"'■.
ffl» QP.ft ft FIXE BUILDING LOT ON GREEN
«asO«JUv.st. east of Devlsadero; marine view:
size 34:4x137:8 ft. -
ffI>Q7KA CHOICE DOWNTOWN LOT. WEST
t?Oi<)U. side of Laguna st, south of Page;
size 25x100 ft. _
QfcQXAA THREE FLATS ON NATOMA ST.,
<pOt.«'U. 4 rooms each; rents $32 per month;
size 25x75 ft. ; ; .
pHEAPEST LOTS IN RICHMOND; ON CA_I-
fornia st, near 10th ay*.: ready to build on,
and Bold on easy terms; ca,l for prices. ' *
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG, 80 Montgomery
OHN PFOKR. 828 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
97750— 1ine modern residence on Pagest, near
entrance to Panhandle Park: lot 27x187:6. -
$1300— House and lot on De Long aye., 2 blocks
south of Panhandle, Park; 26x80; a bargain.
(6200 — Business property; fine 3-story bay-win-
dow store, and - flats of 6 and 6 rooms upstairs;
on Geary st , near Steiner: rent $47 60.
912 too— Howard St., near bixth; 2 8-room
houses lot 37x80: rent 975. '
96000— Nice bay-window house on Buchanan
st. near Bush; rent 94').
$8500— Two 2-story double flats, 2%' bocks N.
of Market st and large lot; rent 970; good Invest-
ment •"
$6500— Nob Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
$27,500#-Kxcellent corner; Mission st: 65x100.
with improvi ments; 3 stores and 3 flats and 2
cottaees: rent $2256 per annum.
Reduced to $14.000— splendid Investment on
Mission st, near new postoffice; will be very valu-
able.
31, 750— Downtown business properly; rent
$160.
$37,000—^Business property: stores and flats;
paying $ 300 per month. -• ■■'*■
$10.0 JO —Sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath: brick loundation; lot 25x160.
$3000— Seventh st, near Brannan; lot 25x76,
with Improvements: renting at, $3«. '■ ■'.'■■•,.> v '>•", r.
UNIMPROVED.
93100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st ,
$10,000— Full blocK in University Mound Tract
SBoo— Noe st, near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75. , :
SOL GETZ A BROTH KR,
REA_ ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
rTIAK- ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. •
<& 1 AA . 9150 TO , $300: BUILDING LOTS:
iiDl-\J\s. no grading; near »ilsslon-st. and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthly. ' ■
d_7P: $100, 9150 TO9«00; CHOICEST LOTS
V tO. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only 95
and $10 monthly Installments. 1 -•■■•■ >■■ -' -
(fIj9P.A TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
<P<_'tJvJ can positively suit you in location, price
and terms. . , \. "
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams. ■ ■
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
(1 BEAT BARGAIN: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
T 2 new bouses; all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap: fine
marine view; conservatory. Fillmore and Green.
Apply BOVEE. TOY A SONTAG, 80 Montgomery.
' _< 9 1 A A 6-ROOM ED COT I AGE. ~~~*
(jp-IUU. 4-roomed cottage. ■
-Take Howard-st. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east on 24th st; large lots; easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder. .
ILL BUILD COTTAGKS, HOUSES* FLATS
at lowest prices for cash or installmntsonyour
own lot. or will furnish lot; call and examine plans.
DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 680 Market street :
-QOfin DEVISADERO ST.. • BET. PINK
«J)OUUU. and Bush: choice business block;
26:6x137:6; good 2-story bay-window of '2 flats;
8 and 10 rooms and bath each; rents 947 60;
should be changed into store. : O. D. BALDWIN A
SON, 118 Montgomery st ■ ■ :
OOTTAOE. 4 ROOMS; LOT 120x126; VERY
\J cheap. ' PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia st.
i )*Jft(\ WILL UL'ILD A FIRST- C_ASB
»Ip_i^UU 8-room 2-story : dwelling; . porcelain-
lined . bath-tub: tile sink: ■ all other flrst-o.au
plumbing: 2 wooden mantels: ; (as • fixture*, etc.;
complete, ready for occupancy. $1900- for 7-room
Etory-snd-a-balf dwelling. $3300 for 2 flats of 5
and 6 rooms; call : and examine plans and specifi-
cations, etc.: --Fame submitted, for any kind of
building; ■ best iof references, uonds, eta < W. W.
REDN ALL, builder. 2X12 Market st, bet. Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth." . ■ ' : - -„'■ : ■.•*;"^.
ÜBSTANTIAL MODEKN HOUSES BUILT;
$160 to $276 a < room; parties ; contemplating
bulldlne Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
litK__LK if B_A_ ; -STATE.
l»1 AT A OWNER SICK: MUST LEAVE
\fO\J. Berkeley; bouse 8 ■ rooms; lot IOOx
126: near station; bargain, JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley station./ :■"■ ■'."■ , ": : . ■c - ' . ;'.::.*v ;r
OK SALE-COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
-T reception ■ ball : - attic and basement; lot 1 40x
150: fine location: 2 blocks from Dwight-way sta-
tion; X block from I Oakland electric* : I must sell
immediately. See owner on premises. 2408 Fulton.
■J : CTTY RE A_ & ESTATE. : '
A SNAP. ' FINE residence,
at a SACRIFICE. '
■7260— Modern house of 7 rooms and bath on
O'Farrell st, near Oc avla; lot 25x120 feet to rear
street; mortgage of $3oOU can remain. •
'EASTON, ELDhIDGK & CO.,
'..■-■-...' • 638 Market st
ig value. " • .■■ ' -■--•• •• ■•• ■-..- . ;
•. . . .;',r.;v modern FLATS.'
i .(  only two years old. .-. 1
■ 96150— A pair of elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; > vicinity *of Golden Gate Parit ; well
built: rent 9630 per annum: lot 26x116:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDKIDGE <6 CO., •
638 Market street !
M UST BE SOLD] il; a BAKGAIN.
.'='■'.* COMFORTABLE HOME.
Handsome cottage of 6 rooms and batb,
nicely located in the Mission, convenient to sev-
eral car lines: large lot, 25x125 feet; don't fall to
see this. EASTON, ELDRI E _ CO..
638 Market street
MISSION INVESTMENT. ' ' ' - •■ --
SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTS.
PAYS BIG INCOME.
$5150— Two stores and flat of 5 rooms and bath
on north side of 24th st. near Folsom; always
rented, in BOod^aUton. XI __ IDa _ '& CQ%
■ - , 638 Market st. '
F INK FLATS - PAY BIG INCOME.
rr: CLOSE TO MARKET STREET.
$8500— four good fiats of 4 and 5 -rooms and
bath, in Al condition: always rented; pays 9816
per annum. __ STON # ELD ridgp: A C 0. .:
638 Market st
A CHEAP HOM_. ■'. :,MnBT BE SOLD.
EASY TERMS, IF DESIRED.
$800— Cottage and lot 26x70 feet, near the San
Bruno road and Courtland aye. „';_" '•'
EASTON, ELDHID'iE & CO..
. : 638 Market st.
A SOUTH OF MARKET ST. PROPERTIES.
PAYING BIG INCOME.
$~^AA SEVEN FINE TENEMENTS, NR.
I OUU. Sixth and Bryant sts. : substantially
built and In good condl ion; always rented: , pay
804 per annum; mortgage of 93600 can remain.
fIJJCAAA SIX FLATS NEAR THIRD AND
tjDuUUU. Bryant sts.; good renting location;
substantial Improvements; rents $60 p<;r month;
lot 40*80 feet
_ f AAA FOUR FINE TENEMENTS NEAR
»Jp4UUU. Howard and Seventh sts.; always
rented; in first-class condition; rants 948 per
month.
<_■ OAAA CLARA ST.. NORTH SIDE, NEAR
<IPOUUU. 6th; 4 tenements: rents 933 per
month; mortgage of $1500 can remain. 1
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' - 638 Market st.
TTN IMPROVED PROPERTY.
U ALL BARGAINS.
THE TIME TO BUY.
93260— C0r. Washington and Spruce; 37:6x100;
unobstructed marine view. ,
$2500— Business property on 24th st, nr. Fol-
som: 87:6x100: this is big value.
91925— Golden Gate aye., nr. Baker st; 25x187:6.
$180U— 2 choice lots on Douglas st, near 23d;
50x100: must De sold.
$1760— Presidio Heights lot; Clay st, near
Maple; 26x127:8.
$1850— Point Lobos aye.. near Ninth aye.; 25x
100: terms, $50U cash, balance S2O per month.
$1000 each— Jose aye., near 29th: 6 lots
ready for building. - •
$800— NE. cor. Silver aye. and Crantst; 60s
! 107:8: College Homestead.
1 9425— 17 th aye., near Clement st; sewered;
very cheap. , . .
9200— loth aye., near N st.; 26x120.
EASTON, ELDKIIJGE A CO.,
838 Market st
_>JMJt__j_»~'* XU tuJk.CUA2HiH:.
"cTw^lotlvfrom 950 to 920, ribo
OUU 20 houses and lots, from $1260 to. 10,000
60 rancbos. all sizes from $100 to 30,000
20 bouses, Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to 4,000
.5 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
4 fiats, lot 50x114 .• 5,000
1 good lot In city .:..'..-.;...' 160
2 lota Ocean View, 50xl'J5 600
What have you to offer?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
OR - EXCHANGE FOR . SAN FKANCISCO
property; modern 10-rojm house, and lot 66x
118: close .to business center in Oakland; value
$6500. WM. 3. DINGtiE, 4tiO Eighth st, Oakland.
1/OR EXCHANGE FOR SMALL FARM NKAR
— LosGatos; nice modern 6-room cottage and
stable: lot 60x160: well located In East Oakland;
value 94500: mortgage 91700 at 8 per cent WM.
J. DINOEE, 460 Eighth st, Oakland.
rpo EXCHANGE— NINK-HOOM HOUSE Fiß
1 twelve-room bouse: difference in cash; both
I Western Addition; builders invited to make offers.
I Address H. M. SCHOLL, P. O. Station F. ; '
KOOMING - HOUSES. RESIDENCE PROP-
XV erty. lots and ranches to exchange. . UNDER-
WOOD A CO., 764 Market st
_END FOR Ol'K LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. POST Kit _ WHITTON. San Josa.
friMBKR— ACRKa; KERN CO.: PLENTY
X water: excellent stock ranch. N., box 16, Call.
_U»_Y IO LOAN. • ,
_QAA AAA TO LOAN AT 6V4 PER CKNT
tJpOUU.UUU on city real estate; also Oakland,
at bank rates; undivided estates In probate; any
sum. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218 and
220 Montgomery st - ■ -
A DVAN ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
A Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st ; open evenings. ■
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
j MoCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3. _
I *_9A AAA TO LOAN ON CITY REAL E8-
I •__."'.' tan- in sums to suit. Apply to M.
3. LEVY, 11 Montgomery st . . . .
BWISE AND SAVE INTEREST — MONET
loaned on • very thing. Cat Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. - Pledges for sale cheap.
IKECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest ■ Km, 68, Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st
<_Q9fVAAAA' r BANK RATES: IST AND
iFO£O.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.:
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
DIRECT ON YOUR PIANO OR FURNI-
turo; no delay. See QUINN, 53 Chronicle bdg
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEWE_RY,KTC
Columbia Loan A collateral Office, 9 urant aye.
■PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low Interest N., box 15, Call Office.
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST RATE; IST _2D
mortgage: flat or installment D— 'den. 685 Cal.
FAWK-KOK _BS.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OP?
clothing. Cosmopolitan Loan Office, 49 Third.
COUNTRY SEAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN A CO. .
. DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dep't.
' 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
A BARGAIN— 9O ACRES AT.PLEABANTON,
Alameda County: 40 acres in bearing vine-
yard of wine grape*, 12 acres in prunes and apri-
cots, etc, balance of land all eood grain land, with
house, barn and other out-buildings, windmill and
tank; this is a fine income place; only $7000.
S..r (\f\ 44 ACRES NEAR BKENTWOOD,
_.iJUU. contra Costa County; all good level
grain land, with family orchard of fruit and nuts:
good 6-room : bouse, barn, poultry-bouses and
yards for 500 kens; . A-l place; ; will sell on
easy terms. ■ '
Qiorrvn FOR 7.39 ACRES 1 MILE FROM
i£iOO\J\J San Mateo: adjoins Col. Hay ward's
property; hard-finished house of 6 rooms and '
kitchen; barn, stable and chicken-houses: will
and pump; well-fenced and bordered with trees.
<_■ I OAA FOR 10 ACR-i IN 6-YEAR-OLD
tip 1 CUU orchard just coming Into bearing; 1
mile from Liver more; fine build spot; no bouse.
$1 Uf\f\ FOR 25 ACRES NEAR MARTINEZ;
«Jp I DUv/ 5 acres In vineyard and orchard; 12
acres ccood level bottom land; good house, barn
and improvements. ; :
EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO PROP-
XJ erty— Fine stock and dairy ranch in San Mateo
County of 1500 acres; well Improved.
FOR ■ EXCHANGE— ONE OF THE BERT-
-1 equipped stock, grain and dairy farms in San
Mateo County, nr. San Gregorlo, of 866 acres; fine
Improvements: best-watered farm In the State.
T7<OR RKNT— NICE LITTLE POULTRY
-T place at-OMOmaClty at $12 60 per month; also
one In Frultvale of 4 acres with complete poultry
outfit at $12 50 per month; also several stock,
dairy and , gran farms in the coast counties for
rent, sale or exchange. . '
_4iA.AA FoR 81 ACRES NEAR MAR-
_UUU tin _: all under cultivation: with
good house, completely furnished; barn, chicken-
houses and a complete outfit of stock and tools;
ready to step Into. '
m»EA PER ACRE FOR 160 ACRES IN THE
<D*JU fruit belt of Placer County; near railroad; :
120 acres in orchard, of which about 70 acres are
in full bearing; flue Improvements, with all stock
and tools; this place will pay for Itself in three '
IpOR EXCHANGE— A FINE RESIDENCE IN
-F East Oakland for San Francisco property; also :
finis Berkeley , and ■; Alameda residences : for city
property. • ? *' : < ■■-•■■■■.■-■-.-■ -» ■ . - ■ ..-.....,■.
_F;AAA 20 ACRES, lALL LEVEL .LAND:
<p_»UUU. miles fromNapa City; 7 acres
orchard; 13 acres vegetable or grain laud: house
of 9 rooms; barn and outhouses; $1000 cash, bal-
ance annually. ____ ' ' t- •
_OTAA 27 ACRES NO. 1 LAND ON : COR-
«ID^_ IUU. ner road. 2 miles from Napa; house
ana barn; 8 acres orchard; fine corner for store. ,
SEVERAL NO. 1 WHEAT FARMS FOB SALE
or exchange; also No. 1 altalfa ranch on river.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE _ CO., : 218-220
■ Montgomery st, Mills building. .'
, THE HALE TRACT WILL BE SOLD IN ANY
1 X size lots from 6 acres upward, at 940 to < $100
per acre; It is located at Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, 89 miles south of San Franclscj, 11
miles from San Jose and 6 ■ miles from Stanford
University; '■ its » advantages are fine : fruit I soli,
beautiful • oaks, running water, splendid . roads, se-
lect neighborhood I and magnificent view; prices
are cut in b»i fin order to cose the estate; . there
has never I been I such I a land offer In Santa Clara
Valley. v For maps ~ and t particulars write WAL- '
' TER A. CLARK, Mountain View, Cal. :
CODMTBY^BEAI. ESTATE-Continned.
CM AH AD ESTATE
~ COLONY TRACT
Is being sold In small holdings to actual settlers at
reasonable prices and on most favorable terms: no
land in the world is ilcher than that In the va.ley
of the Putab Creek; none can surpass in fertility
of i soil, and beauty ' of location the McMahan
rancho, adjacent to the town of Winters. ' = '
1 Formerly a port of the old Wolfskin grant,
known far and wide as the very best tract of land
In California. ' Put»b Creek flows thiough the Mc-
Mahan 1 raot, and every foot 'of tne 1000 acres
now being subdivided will produce anything, from
cabbages and onions to oranges, lemons and pome-
granates. The location is but 76 miles from San
Francisco, and is In the midst of as beautiful a
country as one could wish to see It is an ideal
region for the Intelligent, Industrious, well-to-do
home-seeker. ■ Two thousand acres ; sold since
January 1, 1896. • . .
Send for maps and full information.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
- , 80 Montgomery St., S. F.
WE ABE SELLING THAT SPLENDID NUT
orchard of the Ha:ch-Armstrong Nut and
Fruit Company: 20-acre lots, all full-bearing trees;
don't fall to Inquire about this.
. .KOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
1 30 Montgomery st.
10-ACRE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON LEVEL,
f\ ' rich bottom land: frontlngon AlamedaCreek,
In Alameda County ; a rich and rare offering.
BOVEE, TOY _ BONNTAG.
. , •. 30 Montgomery st.
THE 1500-ACRE GOAD TRACT IN ALA-
. mcd a County is 'going In subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as $35 per acre; send for map and
description. BOVEE, TOY & BONKTAO,
'--«;.;.' 30 Montgomery st.
nLUE LAKES. *
• * SUMMER RESORT,
With 260 acres and all building improvements. is
offered for sale. or exchange; this property is clear
of all debt; submit an offer.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st
nr ACRES OF FINE VALLEY LAND IN
_.»} Napa County: 15 acres: full bearin orchard;
balance fine vegetable or berry land: springs,
running stream and well water: good house, barn
an outbuildings; horses, cows, chickens and all
personal property at a sacrifice.
260 acres near Hav.var-s at 936 per acre;
bouses, barns, etc. ; terms to suit
14 acres in Mann County on Pet alum a Creek;
family orchard and vineyard; completely, fur-
nished house of 4 rooms; good barn; farming
tools; horse*, chickens and ducks
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO..
Room 29, Second Floor, Mills Building.
,T> P. QUINN, ~ REAL ESTATE.
l l\.J LOANS AND INSURANCE.  '
_'/f KA'DOWN SECURES ONE OF THE
«H>"it-)U best little homes in Sonoma County,
consisting af 10 acres, located half a mile from
town: good improvements ; everything complete
for the chicken business.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
9CA 15 ACRKS; GOOD IMPROVE-
»*rJL-- .O\J. ments; plenty wood and water; a
bargain.
_■ 1 AHA a 6 ACRE?: 10 ACRES- IN OR-
«]p-UUU. chard; all fine land; fair improve-
ments,
bend for oatalogue.
R. P. QUINN, 53 Chronicle building.
1 A= /k 10 ACRES LEVEL RICU BOT-
Xtt»)U. torn land near Walnut Creek, Contra
Costa County: new bouse, 4 large rooms; - new
barn, good well, etc. ; present owner 1 aid 91300
for the land alone: also near the abov.' we have 6
acres, with comfortable buildings, tor $1100;
these are bargains. GAM AN A LYON, 215 Kearny.
ACRES LEVEL GARDEN SOIL IN SIGHT
of San Francisco; $1600; will subdivide; also
ranch to let Owner, box 93, Call. .
ÜbT LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN— 9BSOO FOR
the celebrated resort known as Johannisberg,
In Napa County, of 320 aores Improved in bear-
ing resistant vineyard, orchard, redwoods and
canyons; mineral springs and lakes: hunting,
bathing and fishing: finely improved, with main
building and cottages, stables and outbuildings:
all completely furnished and equipped for busi-
ness; will sell halt Interest and take a partner;
this Is a rare chance for a physician who wishes to
start a sanitarium; this is an Income place now
and will pay large Interest on the investment.
Call for detailed description and photographs on
DAVID BUSH, country department of G. H.
UMBSEN <fe CO., 14 Montgomery st
UY THAT GOLD HOWARD STEM-WIND
watcb; (60: cost 9120. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant.
TJESTAURANT TO TRADE FOR RANCH IN
XV Sonoma or Napa county; average receipt, $14.
Box E 129 .Call.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale by _.- FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, Han Francisco, < 'a!. .
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— HOMES AND
vineyards in Sonoma County. R. HILL, Wind-
sor, Cal. '..- '■..■■ --.;."■.-.- ■■ v . -
MARIN CO. ; 3000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail -
or water transit; 940 to $75 per acre; term* to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO., 65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
__. the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered In Alameda county In small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, IVa hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell: title perfect; Investigate. 57 Clironi-
cle building. ' . . ' . ■<■ ■■ ■■■■.'■
LITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market at.. & F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
7Q ACRES, CONTRA COSTA COUNTY; 15
I O miles fiom Oakland; elegant fruit ranch:
trade for Oakland house; on the next overland
railroad, the California and Nevada. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
ACRES. WALNUT: CREEK: SMALL
I) house and orchard, : horse and wagon. C. K.
KIN(., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN; 8-ROOM HOUSE; LARGE LOT;
$900 over the mortgage; Filbert st, Oakland.
C, K.KING, 902 Broaaway, Oakland.
fI_QAA EASY 'IERMB; 3 ROOMS AND
tlPt/UU. bath: large lot; Lorin: see it Adcress
WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HOICE D'URNISMKD HOUSK OF 9 ROOMS;
\J best part Oakland; $60. Dk WOLF, 1050
Broadway, Oakland. . - : -
Tunis HOME -to BE sacrificed; RE-
X 1 duced from $6500 to 94000 that it may. be sold
at once; 8 rooms and bath; Al neighborhood. Par-
ticulars on application. A. H. BRE-D A CO., 460
Ninth st., Oak. and.
Tv rW. COX, ~~ ■ . ■
' »' . Real estate, loan, collecting and rental
agent, has for sale and exchange all kinds of city
and country property, such as business houses,
dwellings, cottages, flats, hotels, vacant and busi-
ness lot-, fruit ranches, grain farms, raw lands,
grazing lands; bouses to rent: loans negotiated;
tuxes paid for non-residents; I collections made in
all parts of the ■ United States. Office, Adeline
St., opp. station, ; Lorin, Alameda County, Cal. > .
*J_ 1 i )l\t\ COTTAGE 6 » LOOMS, 915 PER
1 _.""'. month, no cash down: 'also new '2-
story, 8 rooms, 30 per month, no cash down: best
bargains ever offered. ALDEN A CO., 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. ' •
ffijCCAA 40 ACRES, NEAR OAKLAND;
<£iOO\J\J . old house of 8 rooms; assessed at
price asked. ALUEN A CO., 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. . ;'...:
: A SACRIFICE; FROM 92800 TO 91750, *OR
Immediate sale; modern 2-story house of 7
rooms and bath; fine barn; large lot; well located:
small cash payment; balance to suit: see this at
once. ii. A.PLKITNER, Fruitvalo Station,
_1 CA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHKIM IN
tlplOU. Fruit vale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week ; selling | fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PIN NEY. owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
<n*rjr TO $160 FOR CHOICE : BUILDING
w I «' lots In the town of -'ltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Lea rid ro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 46 minutes from San Francisco
and : 6 minutes . from Oakland; . electric-cars every
'ew ; minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply •to
MRS. C. M. RUNKLE, « 915 V! Washington st.,
Oakland, Cal. . ' .
<_7C LOTS AND UPWARD; ' BUY NOW
«Ip i O when you ■ can: but ■ few lots left in the
Allendale tract, situate la Frultvale, adjoining
. East Oakland; . this is the only choice property
now being offered In this Mate at such low prices;
near a tine school ; ■ two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go turougn this tract; grand
view; rare site for a home; drainage .perfect:
; street all graded; ■ some , macadamized; homes
now here aud others being built; terms, $5 casn,
.85 monthly. 4tS# Ninth st, Oakland. H. _.
JONES, owner. . . *\ , . -V . .
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jvnncA. HANDSOME NEW COTTAOE OF
:<Jt)O— <<-)U. 7 rooms: latest design; choice cor-
ner lot, 50x100; easy terms. : , . .
$2400— 550 cash. $25 monthly; cottage 5 rooms
and bath: lot 60x126; close to station. - - ■
92600—9 00 cash; elegant new colonial cottage;
5 rooms, reception-hall and bath. . - -
--■•■ MARCUSE A REMMEL,
Bay -street station (broad gauge), Alameda ; ' 628
' Market st; San Francisco. • Office open Sundays
. and holidays. ' , . : ■. - ■ • . ;.
A-A3IKDA BOOMS "AN- ; HOUSES;
A LAM-DA— FOX RENT TO RESPONSIBLE
__ party, cheap, furnished new cottage: six large
rooms, batb; fine basement: healthiest part of city.
444 Central aye., bet. Fourth, and Fifth, sts.; bed-
'ond-'ave. station.
HOUSES TO tET.
<_ I C H >USE TO LF.T, 6 ROOMS. 23%
tip LO. Morris aye., nr. Sixth st; key next door.
rjlO LET— CORNER TWENTIETH AYE. AND
X H st, South San Francisco, large lot, bouse,'
stable, eta: suitable for chicken ranch. ' Apply at
608 Sacramento st, room 2. .... . .... -„-.
-49-1 POWELL— 9 KOOMS FRONT, 7 ROOMS
riA JX: rear: rent cheap; call premises.
<_1 Q HOUSK, 7 ROOMS AND BATH, 3433
tjpXO. Seventeenth st. , few steps from Valencia.
1 FILLMORE — SUNNY CORNER; 6-
-2 rooms; batb: cheap rent to good tenant.
O LET— HOUSK OF 8 RuOMS AND LAKGK
yard. Corner i rvaut and Zoe sts., bet. Third
and Fourth; rent $18. . > - ;
Ql PIERCE ST., N'R. GOLDEN GATE AYE.
t7 L— 8 rooms; large yard; basement: $30.* ".-:• '
- ROOMS, BATJH A.\D LAUNDRY, SUNNY
I side of Glen Park ay. ; In excellent repair and
very attractive: $iO. DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth St.- : ■:.-.■■
pOTTAGKOF4BuOMS: LARGE YARD. 214
\J Colllnswooa st. near Nineteenth. ■ .- . .
I'UV TURQUOISAND DIAMOND EARKINGa
■ 1 > for 870; worth $160. Uncle Harrlg,ls Grant ay
_> I 9 HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS (IN BEAR;.
ff>J_j. 1310 Larkln st. . ; ■'
HOUSKOF 5 ROOMB WITH STABLE. 737
• Willow aye. ' ' -
mo RKNT — NICE HOUBE, COTTAGE OR
1 flat, -fee SCRIBNER _ CO., 7 City Hall aye., ,
and save looking around. .
A ROOMS .A. ND BaTH, CHEAP. 429 THIR-
-■ teenth st;, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
<_9?\ WHOLE 'HOUSE:- 6 ROOMS, BATH.
(jgZU. HBl4 Laguna s;.. near Union.
OUSKS TO it-NT J-'OK VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 1U
Montcomerr at
POTTAGES TO _ET. '
/"10TTAGE 6 ROOMS, BATH; STABLE ONE
Vj horse and wagon; 157 Erie st., near Folsom.
MADISON A BURKS. .' '.. ■
r TO 8 ROOM, NEARLY' NEW COTTAGES;
• > 912 to 925; half month free. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market. • _
ffl. I A COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; YARD. 1705
tjplU. Turk st, nr. Scott; stone sidewalk. .
UNN.Y COTTAGES 4 AND 6 KOOMS, BATH:
0 basement; yard and stable, Fifteenth and Do-.
lores sts.
/'OTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 236
V.' Collingwood st., near Twentieth.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
\J cheap. 670 Walnut aye., near Laguna. _.
<_7 AND 99— COTTAGK8, 8 AND 4
«IP I .uv rooms; good order: water free. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant st, or UMBSEN A CO., 14
Montgomery st .' .. ■ '■■ ~• ■- ■
MAKK YOUR RKNT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
tage in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel; $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
8207. Twenty -second st : oflice open evenings.
~ HATS XO _ ET.
Q-j Ql HOWARD, NEAR FIFTH— FLAT 4
vlt/4 rooms and bath.. ' '■* :'
rpoP FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. SUNNY: CAN RENT
X 2 unfurnished rooms. 235 Page st
UNNY UPPER FLAT: 3 ROOMS, YARD;
water free; rent 810. 356 Third st '-'
Q79Q AND 3730 "TWENTIETH. ST., NEAR
0I _O Guerrero— Handsome modarn flats; 7
and 6 rooms and bath each; reduced to 925 and
920; see them.
"I nf\(\ POST. COR. LAGUNA — SUNNY 4-
-IUUU room flat; nice ord r; 915. I
•VTICE UPPER FLATS, 12 AND 20 ERIE ST.,
Xi off Mission, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth;
5 rooms and bath; $17; rent free to January 1.
UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery st
TO LET— LOOK AT THESK FLATS, 106 PROS-
X pect place, oft Sicramento st., con tain 4
rooms each: just renovated; rent reasonable.
Apply to MADISON & BUHKK, 6-6 Market it.
1 A LAT 6 ROOMS. APPLY 7 MYRTLE AYE.
711 FRANKLIN — SUNNY FLAT OF 7
ill rooms; near Golden Gate; bath. ■
LEGANT 7-ROOM FLAT!!, 935 AND 937 60,
including water; sanitary plumbing. 720b
Bush. .
An SEVENTH, NEAR MARKET — SUNNY
_:U flat of 4 rooms; rent moderate,
1 1 9AIFILBBRT— SUNNY FLAT, 6-ROOM:
_X_.U2 modern improvements: near Hyde st
liq LILY AYE.— SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS;
1 1 O rent reasonable.
TTPPER > AND LOWER FLAT; 4 . BOOMS
' U each. 26 Hitch st. ; .
<_9H 774 STEVENSON, NEAR NINTH—
<IP_-U. Elegant new modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Apply DAVID STERN -SONS, 20 Mout-
gumery st. . »■ ■ '
TTPPERFi.AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
U Improvements; on Twelfth st; $20.
' Lower flat: 6 rooms; bath; laundry; front and
rear yards for flower*; 922 50. .^ - ..■.._.— .
<■■ .tour sunny rooms and bath on Glen Park aye. :
second floor: 915. DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth *v . •
1 Al 91 THIKTEKNTH-SUNNY BAY-WIN-
IU I — '» now upper flat, 6 rooms and bath ; mod-
ern improvements.
Ij UY THAT SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING;
X> $20; worth 940. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
1 ACy FCLTON-EXTRA FINE UPPER FLAT;
1-4- 7 rooms; bath; 936.
PPKR SUNNY MODERN FLAT 7 ROOMS
and batb. 1158 Golden Gateave., cor. Webster.
<J_ -| A. HOUSEKEEPING FLAT; 4 NICE
J.U. sunny rooms; water free. 22414 O'Far-
rell st. ..■..: ' ■ '
_Q AND $9; • 4 AND 6 SUNNY KOOMS,
(IPO newly painted: upper and lower flat. 375
Sanchez st ■ • , ■■■-'■.
90 PKOSPEK ST., OFF SIXTEENTH, HALF
—G block from Market — Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat; rent $15, water free.
i fl_ 1 Q NICE FLAT, 7 ROOMS AND BATH.
10, 404 Ninth st. -.= -■-.■
pi)' GOLDEN GATE AYE., BET. VAN NESS
. _.•-' and Franklin— Fine flat 7 rooms and bath;
all modern improvements.
IAOI HAIGHT.NR. BAKER-NICE 6-BOOM
.1 U_. 1 flat: best block on Haight; fine view.
(_ 1 9 FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS aND
X _.. basement 706 Birch aye., nr. Buchanan.
LATS TO «_.ST i'oH VERY LITTLK
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. ' . • / ,- : 'v.
riHKAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United |States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
qge free. ■ •
HOUiEIiEKPING BOOMS.
' Capp Street.
ft! A CAPP— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
Ul^t keeping rooms; yard: also single. -
BUY THAT OPAL AND DIAMOND RING,
price $65, cost $150. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant
Eddy Street.
mHE . Lexington] 212 eddy — NEWLY
X furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites.
' Ellis Street.
Q99 ELLIS (PALMETTO) —FURNIBHED
G^_> housekeeping rooms: also suites and single.
£Qu ELLIS, COR. LA KIN— SUNNY FUR-
DOJ Pished light housekeeping: $3 50 per week.
• ■ ■ . • 1- ifth Street.
Q99 FIFTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FURNISHED
Oi-Zi for housekeeping; cheap. . • , '
■'. \ Fillmore Street. 
_1 A 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
*JplU. family. 2212 Fillmore St., near Clay. ■-■;
'• / Franklin Street. :
c-I -I FRANKLIN, NEAR MCALLISTER- 1
Ol L or 2 rooms for lignt housekeeping. ' . ■
—rove Street. ' - .
.4-17 GROVE, BET. GOUGH AND OCTAVIA-
-41 4 2 furnished rooms for light housekeeping.
huward Stree.. .
Q HOWARD-ONE OR MORE FURNISH-
-0 _ O ed rooms, light housekeeping. - ' .
1 ft^Q. HOWARD — SUNN V FURNISHED
lUi)O rooms for housekeeping, also single room.
-1 -l 9QI HOWAKD — FINK FRONT SUITE
1 I— Og for light housekeeping; bath; $12.
' Hyde Street.
9QA HYDE— 2 COMPLETELY FURNISHED
Z.O\J rooms for housekeeping, rent $15; 1 large
sunny front room, rent 912. - ■
1-eaveuworvh street.
IAI Q leavenwohth; - 3 : SUNNY un-
JIUJLO furnished rooms; gas and bath; 911. • .-.. ■
— Liv >tre»..
9QI MINNA, COR. FOURTH— FURNISHED
— <Ox housekeeping complete; double: single;
cheap. - ■ ■■■:■■■-'■■ ■■:■ ■-■ -■■■ ■■ -.- -,■:■■ ' ; ■■-. -■: ■- -.
Mission Street. -
QCQ MISSION— SUNNY SUITE COMPLETE
ODi/ for housekeeping: also a large front room
on first floor. :■'- ■-• ■ • - .- . . ,- .-■.;...
1 ft?\E\ MISSION— 2 .SUNNY CONNECTING
X \JOO housekeeping rooms: sunny room with
stove, $&.:.:'-' "■■..■ ■,-■,-;.■ '.-.- ■:^ : - : ■;":"?''
1 991 MISSION ST.— TWO SUNNY FRONT
xJj£iX rooms; also housekeeping and single rms.
[■' Mobs Street. .. '. ;i
81 MOSS- LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS
3 to let . .... '
■ '.-•■ ■ >iatoina Street.'
2 UNFURNISHED . ROOMS, WITH YARD.
284 Natoma at. near Fourth. - : '■" '- -■-■■-"■-■■
; - ;■>•:- . Octavia Street. ..' . :.;..-/'•_
1 j_A9 OCTAVIA, COR. GEABY— CONNBCT-
-L _ UO Ing bay-windows; gas stove; cheap. "■
HOUSEKEEPING} I ROOMS - Continued.
j_ 1- r j nr -.- -1 i.. . --■■■■ 1 ■■■r-.. nr. j .runj-it-i. -- "
, yolk. Street.
1d A Q POLK - 2 NICELY PUBNIBHED,
IDtO large, sunny front rooms; $15. .
■.(Sacramento Street.. ,
1 £91 SACKAMENTO, NEAR POLK— 2 OB 8
IDOI sunny roons for light housekeeping: un-
furnished. ■ . - ■ ■' - -
Q k >l Q Sacramento ST. — connecting
O_±(7 front rooms; lower flat: range; laundry I
bath; one or both; cooking utensils; dishes; lira
free; cheap. .• - _______________
■ P.econd street. ' ' ' '
SI C SECOND,' NEAR BRYANT— 4 FUR-
010 nisbed housekeeping rooms; parlor, kitchen
and 2 bedrooms; rent 914.
"-• .',"''■';.' ei-tii' Street. ' : '
1 9_L SIXTH — BUNNY- HOUSEKEEPING
-1 ■— » rooms, suites and single; rent moderate;
first floor.
'JfjQ SIXTH— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OV/O ing rooms to let ■ ■ ■ :
;.:-'.. ceveiitn .Street.. ..
I err SEVENTH- LARGE FRONT ROOMS
LOt for housekeeping: 98 to $10 month. ■■•
On- SKVENTH-2 SUNNY FRONT UNFUR*
jL\JO nlshed housekeeping rooms: $B. :
")'t'.:^=" '■'-■'.'§ .Stockton Street.
I 17 (\O BTOCKTON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
— . • \JO rooms, complete for housekeeping; $10.
-bird Streec. . •
Q£»9 THIRD— FRONT SUITE OF BOUSE-
OD_ keeping rooms; first floor; 99.1
AA A THIRD- LARGE, SUNNY, COMFO--
jl _\J table housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
. • Twenty-sixth Street. .
QOOI7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
OOD I Desirable furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent - . ■■' . •
. Van Bets ATinua.
QIC VAN NESS AVU.- HANDSOMELY FUR-
«J nimed alcove, dressing and bath room at-
tached, carpets and furniture new, and kitchen
for light housekeeping, reasonable; also furnished
or furnished par '.or floor, 4 rooms. ■
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN A_ERICA-TH_
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
age free. j9SS#RI_tSEKS_MH)tt
KOOMS. TO LEX.
Bryant Street.
m BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— FRONT BUN-
OL L ny suite; 99 per month.
... California Street. ■■ •■
1 QQQ CALIFORNIA. NEAR HYDE-NICE
J.OOO room, furnished or unfurnished, In a pri-
vate family ; suitable for a lady.
UY THAT FINE DIAMOND STUD: PRICK
910; cost 9100. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
Eddy Street.
A-\ EDDY, COR. MASON — NICELY FUB-
rtx nished sunny front rooms; 91 60 to 94 per
week., .- • ; -
QA7 EDDY— SUNNY BOOM; GAS; BATH;
O\J I low rent; private family.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDEB-
cent lights In every room; reading-room, con-
taining daUy papers; 'smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open ' all nlarht; rooms per night. 35c to
91 5 >: week-, $2 to 98: month. 98 to $30; fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold water in each room; baths.
r PJIK JSAMOSA, 13U ELLIS. MB". KATF. I *.
1 HART, manacnr— A quiet bouse: rent— .lly lo-
rated; newly fnrnlsbed: elevator: hot A cold water.
71 O ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED PAR-
I 1 O lor-i for housekeeping; also other rooms:
every convenience. : • ■ ■ .
.Eighth. Street. ' '1; V
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 st, near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
/ . Elm Avenue.
1 1 AQ I ELM AVK.-4 NEAT ROOMS; 97.
xx\Jo% Inquire 1512 Gold' n Gate aye.
1 Ulli Mreei. '
I (\rr FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
J.U I nished rooms.
"I p. i) FIF rB-BINGLE AND DOUBLE ROOMS,
J O— 95 month up. 1
i olnoin Street.
rrnr\ FOLSOM— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
I DU front rooms; rent reasonable.
IAIQI FuLSOM— LARGE FRONT ROOM;
lUlO2rents6.
Geary Street. '
Ql 7 GEARY— LARGE ALCOVE: SUITABLE
■ Ox; I for lor 2 gents: rent reasonable.
Q9Q AND 330 GEARY, NEAR POWELL—
O_iO Hunny furnished rooms; grates; running
water. . ' ' ' • ,
OQ7 GEARY. COR. MASON— NKWLY FUR-
-00 1 nished sunn.- front rooms: suites or single.
Ai\Z. GEARY (THE NA VaRRE)-FURNISH-
-I\JO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
Rio GEARY - ELEGANTLY furnished
i)1O suites and sunny ■ back parlor; running
water; gas. •
ARTINETTL 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. VAN
Ness— Suites and singles; newly furnished.
bolden liace Avenue. .
17 Oft GOLDEN UATE — PLEASANT. COS-
-1 O\f venlentroom; furnished or unfurnished.
Cougn Street.
A(\R GOUQH — 6 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH|
tiUO yard.
FLA(\ COUGH— FURNISHED ROOMS; ELEC-
On U trie lights.
Haight Street.
9Q HAIGHT. NR. MARKET— FRONT BUN-
— -O ny room furnished; reasonable.
. Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON -FINELY FURNISHED
I I _2 sunny rooms; bath; closet: yard; 81 week.
Hayes street. N
OA^l HAYES-2 UNFURNISHED BOOMS.
Howard Court,
7 G~l 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
iUX 2 bay-window and other double and single
rooms; reasonable.
(jQQ HOWARD, COR. SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
"O« / nished suites. 93 60 a week: single beds,
91 26 to $1 50; double bed 91 CO to $2 60 week.
-1 HOWARD, NR. SIXTH— NICE, SUNNY
J. U_jU furnished room. . •
on HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
— . «'" front rooms, 95 60 up, with large closets;
dean; quiet. •
9 1 71 HOWARD— NICELY FURNISHED
J_j 1 I 2 front room, with grate, for 1 or 2; pri-
vate family. ■
Inr 4 HOWARD— SUNNY SINGLE
_._ji)_: room; every convenience: cheap.
Jessie - Street.-/.-;-;
CAT JESSIE, COR. I HANDSOMELY
t)U L furnished front rooms; reasonable rents:
good board if desired.
Jones Street.
■—BHBWHBSHBs'—* — —
9f»7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—U I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: batb, etc.; 910 to sBo.
rri-A JON tS- NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
QUO room with board forcouple: 945. .
EtiQ JONES— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
c)_.O quiet; gentlemen only; private; references.
... : ..„. Kearny Street. -
KEARNY, NB. BUTTER— 2 UNFURNISHED
front rooms, offices or housekeeping; gas free;
low rent Apply 15 Grant aye.
'. BLINOTON HOUSE, 137 KKARKT —
> "V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: flat
rlcss In every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
QAQ LEAVENWOKTH, HEAR SUTTBB—
OU<7 Sunny parlor suite; newly furnished; prl-
vate family; 920. : _^
• Market Street.
VOSEMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PBB
I night 350 to 91 ; week, SI 60 to 96: families.
McAllister Street.
Q99 MCALLISTER — NICE SUNNY FUR*
O— <_ j nished rooms; rent reasonable. _
r»-\ c MOALLI&TI R— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
Ui- suite of rooms: rent low; no children.
-no MCALLISTER— UNFURNISHED
i UO rooms to desirable parties: cheap.
1 nf^n MCALLISTER— NICK FRONT FUR
JL UOU nished room; sun ail day; rent $5.
--: -.'. .'Minna Street.
A AC) MINNA - LARGE FRONT SUNNY
4"i_< double room, 96 monthly; also dry base-
ment-.v--'- '.y- •■ '...-.■-....-.■ ■-'-.•■
aCi.l MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUB-
DP I. pished bay-window rooms, 91 a week. "
- Mission Street; '
■I A.AQ MISSION — FOR GENTLEMEN? 1
IUUt/ furnished front rooms: with stove. :.
"I 91 ci MISSION— MUNNY. FRONT 6INGI_S
l_il<Ja room: rent 86; gag, etc; central: quiet.
-191 7 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
I_l I single rooms: $5. ' ' :.. : ;; .. .
. "■-- \VEj_K S NEWS ' FOR 6 CENTS— TUB
A WEEKLY CALL, la wraDDer. for — jOltng. ■
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 14 . 888
1314
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
arri-l! Strom.
AA C OFARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
~t t:U front alcove, with grate.
7nQO'FARI:Ki.L - NEWLY FURNISHED
I \J£ sunny from suite; also single room: use of
bath; married couple or gentlemen preferred.
Pine Street..
nc%-\ PINE— ROOMS f 5 UP: RUNNING WA-
O»-l ter; gas: sunny; quiet; grate; gentlemen.
Hf\A PINE-FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
i Utr room:foldlDg-bed; stove; $10.
QA r PLNE-FURRNISHED ROOMS; $8, f9
OttO and $10: no bill.
1 mil >, reel.
-I AQQ POLK — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
X.T.OV room. $7. .
lost Street.
ANDOLPH." 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
Xx 50 bay-window parlors; smaller rooms; run-
nlng water; gas; 81 60 to $4 per week.
i owell Street.
■1 OQ POWELL— FURNISHED OR T7NFUR-
laO nlsbed front suite, suitable for dentist's
office; also bay-window suites; running water;
transient. .
;- jo POWELL, NEAR SUTTK* — LARGE
OUO sunny room; running water: suitable for 2.
>«■• oml Street.
/CENTRAL HOr/SE, 62 SECOND — NICE
\J front rooms, $2 to $3 week; other rooms cheap.
Sixth Street. N .
""PIEDMONT," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished sny run; mod. conveniences.
1 tip: SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
1.Z.0 nicely furnished sunny double front rooms.
Mookion » treet.
rpHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON FUR-
X nlshed rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
in every room: baths; elevator; transient solicited.
Stevenson Street.
<TO,II BTEVKNSON, OFF NINTH — FUR-
i— "12 nished room; $5 per month.
utter Street.
r"I * BUTTER- LARGE SUNNY PARLORS;
OJLt: elegantly furnishei ; low rent.
Twenty-fourth Street.
SUNNY. NICELY FURNISHED SUITE OR
sin? c room, with board and bath, suitable for
one or two gentlemen; private family: cheap. Ap-
ply 3608 Twenty- fourth st., near Guerrero.
Turk Street. ~
ZAP. TURK— LARGE SUN.NY ROOM; ALSO
uid single room.
Webster Street.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THB
-V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper. for mailing
BOAKLtIJNU ANIJ ROOMS.
pIALIFORN IA StT^H ANbsOME^UITBTJF
v rooms: 1 slneleroom; first-class board; house
warm; location desirable. Address X., box 71.
UY THAT OPAI, AND DIA. KI.VG. PRICK
$101), cost $2:0. Uncle Harris, 15 Giant aye.
CJI i)- PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS-
«? 1 —O. slstant; $40, room with board; guaran-
teed full value, J.. box 9,0 Cal Office
i Q 1 Q OCTA VI A— ROOMS, MNGI.E OR EN
I 010 suite: first-class board; refined Jewish
family.
Q UTTER, 2516 — BUNNY FUkNISHED
0 rooms; private family: board optional.
rig POST — TWO LARGE" SUNNY' FRONT
I 1- rooms witu board, $45 for 2; use of parlor;
piano. ■
A 1 9 EDDY — LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
'11— and other rooms, with board, $2u up.
mHE ABBOT-SFORD. BiTOADWAY. NB. POLK.
1 Quiet, homelike; terms mod ; board optional. 1
"LJ UTJ-.L BKRTLI-Mi. 714 BUSH- A FAMILY '
11 hotel: references; all modern conveniences.
OAvi VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
C "l. Ny rioms: good board; reasonable.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD. 325 CUM- |
X berland st., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth,
Church and Sancbes.
MKFINED HOME FOrt CHILD AT 1727 !
■It McAMster si. : terms moderate. I
BTOKBB iO LET.
QIO LARGE STORE WITH LIVING
tlTl^-. rooms; count- rand shelving. 1825 How-
ard st bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
LOCATION FORA FRUIT AND VEG-
vI etable stand; XE. corner of Suiter and Larkin
sts., next to butcher; cheap: $20.
TORE. 1524 HOWARD, COX. LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent.
1 TURK— STORE WITH ROOMS IN
1— " rear; suitable for stationery or bakery;
low rent. Apply upstairs or ASHTON GARDI-
NE X, 411 Montgomery st. '
TORE TO LET— IISS HOWARD ST.; SUlT-
able for barber-shop; rent $16.
A'/(\ FOURTH — SMALL sTOKE WITH
tr^-U rooms in rear; low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
4 T LOW itKNT- PART OF STORE AND
-i»- ba'em'nt. 324 Post si.
lvi. SALi.- JtJ.b«J±;i,L,A^JiOtis.
p REAT DANE PUPM FOR SALE OR~FOR
VJ trade for diamond ring or bicycle; prize-win-
ning stock. Call 17 Hyde st.
OME6TIC SEWING MAC i.INE— GOOD AS
new: cheap. 1915 Mi-sion, near Fifteenth.
I/OR SALE— A CHEST OF MACHINIST'S
tools; cheap. K. H., box 15, Golden Gate.
lI^OK SALE— CANARIES; SOME GOOD SlNG-
eis; cheap; also females. 30 Valley st.
lOR SALE- 60 CELL MEDICAL BATTERY;
X also Bxlo camera. Apply Battery, this office,
box 119.
t,OY'S LATHE. WITH SCROLL SAW AT-
■L) tachment; chuck tools: cheap. 2649 Howard.
6-H. P. BOILER AND ENGINE: NEARLY
new. M. A. TAYLOR, 659 16lh St., Oakland.
ST. BERNARD PL) PIES — CHOICEST
breeding, lowest prices. Presidio Su Bernard
Kennels. 3313 Ciay st.
O BUY— A PHONOGRAPH OR A GRAPHO-
phone- JOHN STK.GE, Yosemite House, 1043-
-1045 Marker SU
i. UY THOSE SOLITAIKE DIA. EARRINGS,
i ■ $180, worth $400. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
2 YOUNG BEARS FOR SALE AT 11 PACIFIC
— street.
/COMPLETE SET TINNER'S TOOLS AT A
\J bargain. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
IGHEST PRICE PAID GENTS' 2D HAND
Clothing ana dresses. FABIAN, 1020 Folsom.
BUY YOUR RATTAN CHAIRS, ROCKERS,
tables, standft, lie, at the factory and save re-
tailers profit: see our holiday goods; It costs noth-
ing. California Rattau Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
Vf ATIONAL CASH REGISTER, GOOD OR-
±> der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission St.
CIOFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTEB PRESS,
J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
ONARCII BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
I*l the pest. W. S. RAY MFG. Co., 12 California
i. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BHKLV-
-- ing, etc. l ought and gold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
UJLfch.<,E.SOI.\KS,-.'D-HASIJ MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntosh<t Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ONK SMALL Ml. Hi CM AND LAitUE-SIZE
fire and bnrglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
rKOFJiSSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. i; ICH ARDaTItA W OFFICES. ROOMS
O 23 and 27, Crocker building; lelepaone Maia
75, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN K. AiTKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHKB.
ail>s a. law. rm» 515.516. 5 :i ::oor, Parrot Did*
I.JiOAL NOTICES.
TpOTICEi OK ATMTNIyTRATKIX SALE^
Xi Full sets plumbing, tinning, cornir«-makinz
tools of the .atei>)'orge Pabst will be sold by his
administratrix. £04 Mission at., 12 v., Wednesday
J'ecember 16. 1896.
~~~. HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTKLJ 208^212 BUSH^ST^
board and room $1 to $2 per day, (6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 10 SI 50 per night: first-class
service: free coach. CHAR.LKB MONTGOMERY.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR SUPPLIES FOR THE
1 Whlttier State Sciiool— ln pursuance of the
action of the l'oard of Trustees of the Whittler
stale School, sealed proposals will be received by
the superintendent of said school, at his office in
W hltt.er. Los .*■ ngeles county, California, up to 12
oYlock x , Saturday, December 19th, 1896, for
furnishing the following supplies to the said
school for the year 1897, sal i supplies to be of
California manufacture or production, where price
and quality are equal, and tocouslst of: I— Coffee,
ten, syrup, r cc, etc. 2— Canned goods. 3— Gro-
ceries. 4— Butler, eggs, cheese, yeast s— Flour,
meal, bailer, bran, midd ings, etc. 6— Beans,
potatoes, vegetables, etc. 7— Beef, mutton, sau-
sages. B— Lard, tallow, bam, bacon, etc. —
Benzine, gasoline, coal oil. 10— Crude oil, wood,
coal. II— Cloth, blankets, etc. 12— croc cry and
glassware. 13— Leather and shoe findings. 14—
Broum* and brushes. 15— Caps, hats, suspenders
and rubber clothing 16— Ice.: 17-Drugs. 18—
Stationery. 19— Dry goods. All parties or firms
desiring to bid will address Sup?r;n endent 01 the
Whlttier State School, Whittler, Cat, for terms
and specifications and blank forms. In order to
preserve uniformity and to facilitate the award, it
has been resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms furnish. by the superintendent.
, The number of class bid for should be plainly
marked on outside. of envelope containing bit.
The right is reserved to reject any or a.l pro-
posals or to waive any Informalities therein.
W. C. PATTERSON, President.
ADINA MITCHELL, Trustee. ,+
CHARLES H. KE Y ■] rustee.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOBALB FOR THE PLACING OF A
clock In the Hall of Jus*. tee. Office of the
Clerk ot ihe Board of Supervisors of the Cltv
and County of San Francisco. December 8. 1896.
in accordance with Reso ut ion No. 15.475
(Third Series) of the Board of feupervlsors, sealed
proposals will be received In open session of the
Board of Supervisors on MONDAY AFTER-
NOON. December 21, 1898, from 2:30 to :•. o'clock,
to furnish a clock for the "Hail of Justice" build-
ing, in conformity with the following speciflca-
tlors:
For the furnishing of all labor and materials
necessary for the manufacture and complete set-
ting of a clock in the lantern of ;he tow. rof the
"Hall of Justice," erected upon a lot of ground
situate on tbe southtast corner of Washington
and Kearny streets, in tbii city and County, all
as shown on the plans and elevations ot the said
tower accompanying thtse specifications. The
cost tbtrenf not to exceed the sum of three
I thousand dollars
Tbe said clock to have a dial face eight feet
s d one-bulf in diameter, made of tbe heaviest
French plate glass in (be market; well and per-
fectly ground on both sides.
There shall be four dials, one on each side of the
said tower, facing north, south, east and west.
Each dial glass, as above, to b« set securely In
'Strong iron frames, with the outside of said
frames ornamented with a copper molding of 18-
-ounce copper.
Tbe frame of the dials to be of such weight of
metal as may be demanded by the detail here-
after furnished by the architects.
The face of all : he dials to be ornamented with
numerals In black, of size as demanded, and the
hands to be also in black iron.
The clock in its entirety to be of tbe finest
workmanship and mediani-m. and to be fur-
nished with Graham s escapement, guaranteed to
maintain a variation of not more than 30 seconds
per month when regulated It shall be an eight-day,
oue half and one hour striking clock, and be pro-
vided with a bell to wel.h at least 2000 pounds,
and be made of the purest bell-metal compo-
sition, free from all flaws and ot the very best
tone.
The machinery ot the clock proper to be set
immediately back of dials, equidistant to each,
In center of the tower, and ,et on strong Iron
frames, connected with the frame proper of the
tower, and the b II to be placed in the open por-
tion of the tower, immediately below, as shown
herewith.
Everything appertaining to the clock, dlau, ma-
chinery, belis, etc., to be supplied by the con-
tractor, and a 1 tbe work necessary to set the same,
complete, in place, to be done by tbe same con-
tractor, and the clock turned over to the Board of
Supervisors In periect running order, properly
regulated to ihe stipulated variations.
All the above to be guaranteed and kept In* order
by the contractor for ;he period of five years.
Tbe above clock to be of tbe Set h Thomas manu-
facture, or of a make equally as good, in the opinion
of the Board of supervisors
The above clock, comj.lete, to be set in place
within thirty days after tbe completion of the
building under Contract No. 1. dated .
The payment for said clock, complete, to be
made In full in timed States coin thirty five days
after the acceptance by the architect 01 all work
herein described.
The work of construction to be done In strict ac-
cordance with the drawings, plans and specifica-
tions, under the supervision and direction of
Messrs. Shea & Snea, architects.
Builders will estimate ana state a price for which
the entire work will be performed In accordance
with tbe specifications, drawings and plans, to be
seen at the office of Shea & Shea, architects, No. 26
Montgomery street.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the board has resolved to receive no
bids unless made 111 on blank forms prepared by
tne committee, and a certified check for the sum
of $500 deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the clerk of tbe board, conditioned if
the proposal be accepted and the contract awarded,
and if the bidder «h all fall or neglect to execute
the contract aod give the required bond within
six days after, the said sum shall be paid into the
City and county Treasury by said clerk as liqui-
dated damng's for such failure and neglect.
Blanks i'unnshi d by tbe clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all bids if
the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, ClerK.
PROPOSALS FOR THE ERECTION OF A
brick schoolhouse. Office Board of Education,
San Francisco. D< cember 12. 1896. In accordance
with a resolution adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion of the City and County of San Francisco,
Sealed Proposal* will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schoo's, In open session of
the Boar 1 of education, on Monria. . December
28, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. v., for the erection
I and completion of a brick school building on a lot
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, in said City and County, In accordance
with plans and specifications, which may b.' seen
at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of said
' board, room 6b, Flood building, southwest corner
! Fourth and Market streets. Separate bids will be
I received for (1) the building, exclusive of the
I work for which special tids :ire required: for (!f)
: heating anc ventilating, and fir (3) plumbing a:id
! gasfitiing. Each bid must be accompanied by a
' certified checiv as required by the specifications.
! The party or parties to whom contracts may be
; awarded will be r« quired prior to or at time of the
exfcutiou of the contracts to pay their proportion
1 of the cost of advert sing this notice In three dally
newspapers Bianic proposals furnished by the
I secretary. The board reserves the right to r. ject
: any or all bids, orunv portion of any bid as the
• public good miv n-ouire.
i GEOKUK BKANSTON. Secretary.
CHT.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, posts-
ag tree. . ■
bJ-TWJLNtr MACHINES.
EWINO MACHINKS T BOUGHT, SOLD
rented and repaired. 145 sixth st.
LL KJx\l>-> ±J«> t Uiii 1 . SOLI). EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rates. 'Mo Fourth at.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
ATT2T^irTA^Y^STTPBKE
li the Gem, 36. California 1 amera company.
LATtSI SHIPPING INTKLHtiKNCK.
■ l>omestic Ports.
PORT BLAKELEY-Salled Dec 12— Br ship
Creedmoor. for Cor*: schr James A Campbell, for
Newport: achr George W Wats n, for San Fran-
cisco.
; Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steara*r«
NEW YORK- Arrived Dec 12-Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton.
Sailed Dec 12— Sun ■ La Champagne, for Havre;
stmr Maasiam, for Rotterdam: stmr Umbria. for
Liverpool: stmr Edam, for Amsterdam: stmr
British Queen for Antwerp; stmr Thingvalla, for
Stettin; si nr State of California, for Glasgow.
BWI.VEMUNDE— Arrive 1 DeClO-^tr Georgia.
ROTTERDAM Arrived Dec 12— 3tmr Obdaoi.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Dec 12— stmr Paris,
for New Yor*. !
HAVRE— Dec 12— Stmr La Gascogne.for
New York.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Dec 12— Stmr Sandam,
for New or*.
ANTWERP— BaiIed Dec 12— Stmr Kingston, for
New York.
LlZARD— Passed Dec 11— Stmr Westernland,
from New YorK for Antwerp.
MAUKIACK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have been
issued by the County Clerk's office:
' . Carl L. Newell and Anna M. Bruce, 24—24.
R. Pelrucci and Acata Contestobele. 34—24.
Ole Hult and Carolina Larson, 29— 3 L . ■
F. W. Roehl and Dorette S. Hnlsmann, 31— 22.
M. Cianciaruls ana Maria sabatino. 2s— l9.
Samuel Levy and Pauline Marks. 44—27.
fcIKTHS— MARRIAGES— UEiTIIS.
rßlrtti, tnarrtaee and death notices sent hr rail
will not be Inserted. They mus' be handed In a,
either of the publication offices and be indorse 1
with the uameand residence ot persona auiaorix«J
10 nave lite unit published.]
BORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, November 21, 1896,
to the wife of H. G. Anderson, a son.
ANDERSON— In this city. December 2. 1896, to
the wife of Jonathan Anderson, a daughter.- 5"
BENNERSCHNEIDT-InVallejo,Cal.,to the wife
of Angus: Bennerschneldt. a son.
BRANN AN— ln this city, December 6, 1893, to
the wife of William Bran nan a son.
BLYWISE-ln this city, December 12, 1896, to
the wife of K. Bly wise, a son.
BROPHY -December 9. 1893, to the wife of Wil-
liam F. Bropuy, a daughter.
DEAN— In thin cltr. December 11, 1896, to the
wife of George J. Dean, a son.
GAVlN— December 10, 1896, to the wife of
Charles Gavin, a daughter. r r '. ■
GLIKBE— In this city. November 29, 1898, to the
wife of Frank GUebe, a son.
KAVANAGH — In Berkeley, December 11, 1896,
. to the wife of J. F. Kavanagh, a son.
KISSANE— In this city, December 10,1896, to the
wife of P. M. Kissane, a daughter.
KRELIXG-In thU city, November . 28, 1896, to
the wife of Benjamin W. . Kre in?, a daughter.
LEVY— In this city. November 80, 1893, to the
wife of Adolf Levy, a daughter.
MULLER— n Mil* cltr. December 9, 1896, to the
wife of John Muller, a son. • '
SHEA HAN— In city, "December 9, 1896. to
the wife of J. E. sheahan, a daughter. - ,
SIMMONDs-In • this city, to the wife of T. J.
: Slmmonds, a daughter. "
STOKES— this clV," December 8. 1898, to the
- wife of Samuel H. Stokes, a daughter. ' ■ •-. ■
3IAURIED.
DICKEY-HENSLEY— November 7, 1896, by
•v the Rev. R. Mackenzie, D. D.. Sanford M. Dickey
. and Ada Heasley. of Isleton. Cal. -: - .•."=•-.. ••...;.
' , UIKD.
Ackerman.Slgmund H. Maas. Lena M. ■
Andrews, Thomas J. ' Meeley, John
' Carter, Lucy --■• " ." Moffa.t. Samuel
Cooper, Sarah B. Montgomery, James •
Cooper, Harriet ■ Nicolaysen, Jens .
Crosby, Bridget Norton, John W.
Donahue, Annie Orwen, Robert L.
110 hoe, Denis Pc ler ou. Samuel
Doherty, Nellie T. Reedy, Michael
Golden, Sister Mary T. .Rlngholm, John
' Hadsell. Annie M. : . Rosenqulst. Mrs. A. A.
Hamel, Joseph Shear, Waldron
Hickey. Charles Van slyke, Mary C.
Jones, Edward W. Wanderoth Willie E.
Kelly, Frank Weems, Annie
Langtry. John F. Wolf*. Mary H.
; MacCaulay,* Edward Wright, Ann
ACKERMAN— In Oakland, December 10, 1893 ,
Sigmnnd' H., beloved son ot - Hart and . Emma '
Ackerman, a native of San Francisco, 'aged .34
years b months and 17 days. ;.;';.-.,
I : Friend* and . acquaintances are ) respect-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 808 Tenth street (Market- street s.a-
tlon. broadeaugo), Oakland. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 1:16 o'clock p. m. .-,.
ANDREWS— In I OS .\ngelei. December 7. 1896.
Thomas J.Andrews, beloved, father of Joe C
Andrews, a native of Indian*, aged 71 years.
CARTER— In Oakland. December 12, 1836. Lucy,
daughter 01 Mrs.* S. M. and the late B. H. Car-
ter, and sister of Theda. Nettie, Luna. Georee;
Bertha and Olive Carter, a native of . California.
COOPER— In this city, December 11, 1896, Sarah
: B. Cooper, a native of New York. aired 60 years.
S3" Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
1- o'clock if., at the lint Congregational
Chnroh, , Post and Mason streets. Interment,
private.
- The member* of Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association are requestsd to be present at the
church at 11 o'clock a. m. Members who wish to
■ view the remains have the privilege of doing so
from 10 to 11 at the home, 1902 Vallejo street.
MRS. M. B. FOSTER, Sec.
COOPER— In this city. December 11, 1896, Har-
riet Cooper, a native of Tennessee.
49~Frlends are respectful H- Invited to atteal
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
12 - o'clock it, at the Firs* Congregational
Cuurcti. Post, and Mason - streets. Inieriuuni
private. .
CROSBY — In this city. December 10, 1898.
Bridget, beloved wife of Patrick Crosby, and
■ mother of Katie, Rose. Margaret and Patrick J.
Crosby and Mrs. L. 8. : i-'alrchild. a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland. [Denver (Colo.)
papers please copy, j :,
Or Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend me funeral THIS u\Y
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock* a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1792 Fifteenth street, thence 10 Mission
Dolores Church, sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOHERTY-In this city, December 12, 1896.
at her residence, 912 Natoma street. Nellie
Teresa, dearly beloved daughter of DanM
and Ellen Doherty. and sister of .Mr*. K. J. Mol-
loy and Fannie Djherty, a native of Boston,
Mail,
o"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DONAHUE— In tills city, December 12, 1896.
Annie Donahue, widow or the late Peter Dona-
hue, and sister of Mrs Eleanor Martin and tha
late ex-Governor John G- Downey, a native of
County Koscommon, Ireland, aged 60 years.'
49* Notice of funeral hereaft *r.
DONOHOE — December 11, 1896, Denis Dono-
hoe. late H. B. M. Consul a San Francisco, aged
71 years 6 months and 11 days.
S3" Funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday),
at & o'clock p. m., at Ins late residence iv San
Rafael. Interment private.
GOLDEN— In Benicla, Cal., December 12, 1896,
at St. Catherine's Convent. Bister Mary Thomas
i. o. den, aged 54 years. [Chicago paper* pieaae
copy. 1
J«-r"uneral TO-MORROW (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock a. it.
HADSELL— In this city, December 11. 189"}.
Annie M., beloved wife of Charles Had>uli of
' Sunol, and mother of Mrs. Charles Stall man and
Charles F. nnd Annie M. Had sell, a native of
uermany. aged 58 years and 8 mouths.
SyFrlenis • and annual mane** Hr- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 :30 o'clock a. m., from the family
residence. >unol. Alameda County.
HAMEL-In tuis city, December 13, 18»8, Jos-
eph Hamel, a native of Canada, aged 60 years.
£3" Remains at the parlors of H. C. Porter*
Co., 122 Eddy street.
HICKKY— In Col ma, San Mateo County, Decem-
ber 9, 1893, Chanes Hickey, a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years.
JONES— ln. Redding, December 5. 1599.' Edward
W. Jones, beloved husband of Jemima Jones,
and father of Mrs. Thomas Longwortli »nd Rob-
ert W. and John P. Jones, a native of. Holywell,
North Wales, aijed 08 years.
KELLY— In this city, December 12, 1896, Frame,
beloved husband of Rose Kelly, ana father of
William, Frank, John an I Annie Kelly, a na-
tive of Kings County.' Ireland, aged 69 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter
LANG IKY— In Oakland. December 10. 1896,
John Frederick,' Infant, son of John H. and
Lizzie Lang try, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year
and 5 days.
$ST Friends and acquaintance* an respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral THIS DA V
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from the resi-
dence of the parents. 707 Filbert street, inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MacCaULAY— Port Costa. Cat., December 10,
1936, Edward, beloved husband of Annie M.
MacCaulay, and brother of John MucCaulay,
a native of Scotland, aged 30 years. .
03-Frlends ana • acquaintance? am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from St. Joseph's
Church, .>. lameda. where a requiem higu mass
will be celebrated (or the repose of his soul.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery Oakland.
Maas— in this city, December 10. 1896. Lena M.,
' dearly beloved wife 01 Phillip J. Maas mother of
Gustave and Phillip Maas, and sister of Gustave
A. and Julius G. Rembold, a native of Ludwigv
hafen, many, aged 28 years 3 months and
8 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from • her la'.e
: residence. 423 Valencia street, between Twenty-
. fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence lot.ie First En?-
-: liih Evangelical Lutheran hurch, G-ary street,
near Gougti, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock p. it. Interment i. v.
O. tt Cemetery. ■; . .
C. or F. — To the officers and members of Olym-
pus Circle No. 42. C. of F. : You aro hereby noti-
fied to meet at I 423 Va'.encia street THIS DAY
(.-Sunday), at l:oO o'clock *p. m., to attend the
funeral of our late companion, Mrs. Lena M.
. Mans. MISS «... >CHRODER, C. C.
• Fred G. Mayeb, Fin. Sec.
MEELi-.V — In tin* rlty, December 10. 1893,
John, belova.l husband of Mary Meeley, and
father of Maggie, John. Daniel, Edward; James,
Mary and Joseph Mealey. a native of Yohol,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
g3~ Friends and acquaintance am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1081 Tennessee siree:, thence to ' St.
Theresa's Church, where 1% solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoie of
his soul, commencing at 8 :30 o'clock a. if. Inter-
ment Holy Cross v emetery. . • .
MOFFAJT— In this city, December 11,*, 1896,
Samuel Moffatt, aged 67 years 9 months and 13
days. ■ ■ . :- ■ ■ . ;-.:■. ■ ■
t&~ Friends are renectfully lnvite-1 to attend
the funeral services TO-MOIIROW (Monday), at
10 o'clock a. if., at bis late residence, 1409 Clay
street. interment Cyprus Unv.i Cemetery, J
MONTGOMKRY— in Calistoga, December 1L
189?. Jamen Montgomery, aged 04 yvt-.Tt.
*3"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m., at St. Helena.
NiCOLAYSEN— In this city, December 9. 1896,
Jens Nlcolaysen, a native of Denmark, aged 65
years 5 months and 3 days. A member or Har-
mony Lodge No 9 A. O. U. \V\, Scandinavian
Society and Linco Pose. G. A. R. ■
. Sj^Frlenrts ' ana . ncaiiaintanc»s »r» : respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sun lay), at 2 o'clock p. m., from He par-
. lors of H. F. Subr & Co.. 1209 Mission street.
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. f. Cemetery. ,
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of
Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W. : You are
respectfully requested to attend the above-
named funeral of Brother J. Nico!aysen from
the parlor.) 01 H. F. Suhr it Co., 1-09 Mission
street, near Elgh.h.
R. W. ENGLISH, M. W.
L. Johns kn, Recorder.
NORTON— In this city, John Warren Norton, be-
loved husband of Hannah 15 .Norton, and father
of Mr<. A. Pluuibe »nd Jin M. Price, a native
of Edgartown, Mass., a^ei OP years 4 months
and 11 days. fEdgartown (Mass.) papers please
copy . . .
A3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 10 hi. end ih« tiint>ra'. 'FHlri L) \ V
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from hi» late
resideuce, 2901b Mission street. Interment san
Mateo. by 11:45 o'clock A. M. train from
Twenty- fifth and Valencia streets.
ORWEN— In this city, December 12. ISH, Robert
Lee Orwen, a native or West Virginia, aged 30
years.
PETTERSON— this city. December 9, 18»8,
; Samuel Peterson, beloved liusbanJ o.' Julia Pet-
terson, and father of Mrs. Lundstrom and Oscar,
Hilda and Charlie Petterton,.t 11:1:1 or Sweden,
a^ed 62 years 7 months and 13 days. . _
tUT Friends and acquaintances are respect-:
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock - p. m., from the par-
lors of H. P. ■ Pc terse n & Co.', 228 McAllister
street. -interment 1. 0.0. F. Cenisier/."*.'-
BKDDV-In this cay, December 12,1898, Michael
Ready, a native of Ireland, u^ea 70 years.
RINGHOLU— In the Cltr nn\ Count.' .-
December 11, 1493, John Rlngholm, aged 46
years.
ROSENQUIST— In this city, December 10, 1896.
Mrs. Augusta Alfreda Rosenquiiit,belove<i wife of
John August Koafeuqulst, aud mother of Henna.
George, Annie and Agnes Kosenquist and sinter
of Mrs. Larsson, a naive of . Sweden, aged 46
years 9 months aud 2* days. ..; ' r ■
' A«"i-'ri na» and acquaintances aro respect-
full v Invited to attend thn funeral THIS D\Y.
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from the family
resideiice, 1917 Filbert ' street. Interment
■ • 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHEAR— Ia this city, December 11, 189 Wai-
dron Shear, ' father of Mrs. G. W. Lyford . of
woodland, a native of ; New York City, aged 73
years [New York City papers please copy.i ';-.
S3~Funeral--.THIS • DAY (Sunday),- at 2
. o'clock p. m., from the parlors of Craig, Cochran
<& Co., 2. and '.'(* Mint avenue.- interment
Masonic Cemetery. ■
Van SLYKE— In this city. December 12, 1898,
Mary C, beloved wife of Abratn B. Van Slvke.
motuer of Mi-*. James Baddeley, and sister of
Stephen and Delanc>- Truax.u uarlve of Schenec-
tady. N. V., aged 45 year* and 20 days.- > '
S9~Friend« ana acuualntiiiini «r - resrwt-'
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
- residence, 131 Llamond street; luimoieu
L O. O. F. Cemetery.
WANDEROTri— In this city/December 12. 1899."'
Willie E., dearly beloved son of William H. and
Minnie : W«uderolh, oroiher or ' Kmma \Vaoder-
o:h, and grandson oi Mrs. Caroline .Wande roth,
 a native . of 1 San .- Francisco; ai;oi 1 year 11
. months and 16 days.
WEEMS— In this city. December 12; 1896. Annie,
' beloved wife of Frank W.Weenn of Sonoma.
WOLFE— In this city. . December 10. 1896, Mary'
. H. Wol'e. a native of San Francisco, aged 25
yean and 4 months. '■■ ' , . ,  - .. .. -.-..
Friends »nd acquaintance* ; are -respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral THIS ■> W
. (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from Bethany
. Congregational Churcn. ; Bartiet: \ street, near
Twenty- filth.' . Interment : private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ...... .:.... .,-... j. ...... ■ ■:-..... ... 
WRIGHT— In this city, December: 11,1896, Ann
. Wright, beloved mother of : Mrs. ■J. Dunn, Airs
E. UUey, Mrs. E. Thompson and Mrs. J. H.
Mullee, a uautr* of Fuller, County Carlow.' Ire-
land. a<ed til years and 6 months. :' ' ;-.,• •
. tf7*Frii»nd*, and °: acquaintance* '■ an» • resnec".- !
-. tally Invited to attend ■. the funeral' THIS DAY -'
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
■ dence of her daughter, Mrs. E. Thompson, 14
Tehama street, interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '■■ ' - ■ , ■> . '■; - ■/. :: ■. .. ■'
: MCAVOY* GALLAGHER, T
FUNRRAL DIRKCTORS A EMBALMKBS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
Telephone 3080. ; "
J as. McM knoiTky^^^^^^ Chas. McMxkoh jc v.
. JAMKS MoMEIiOJIES Ss SON, >
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBANKERS.
JAMES McMEKOJIKY & SON,
INDiKXAKKKS AND JiMMALJttJSRa,
' 1U67 Miuaion Street, Near aeveutu.
: -'.'. Telephone fcouth .154. ■'■■- : : -
J AS. ENGLISH T. ; R. C ARK W
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMED .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
IP Vail Ness aye., near ittaritttt dv, «>»u r'ranoiso*
Telephone so. 136.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*.
' 8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKMB
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. OOlce V»7 Uwii«
•treet. uouth«aai corner a' silxUt. ■ -■ -- ■
ANNUAL LEAGUE MEETING
Wheelman of North California Division
Growing in Strength »nd Mem
bership.
The annual meeting of the board of of
ficers of the North California Division,
League of American Wheelmen, wa-< held
last evening at the rooms of the Bay City
Wheelmen, when the retiring board went
out and the following newly elected of
ficers took their places: Chief consul,
Frank H. Kerrigan; vice-consul, Henry F
Wynne; secretary-treasurer, Stanley G.
Scovern, all of San Francisso; representa
tives at large— James W. Coffroth, John S.
Etfan, William I. Pixley. Geor.e H. Strat
ton, San Francisco; Geor.e H. Strong and
A. P. Swain, 0. kland ; Frank K. Lippitt.
Petaluma; Francis T. Dwyer, Sacramento.
The two consuls, secretary-treasurer and
several representatives were re-elected
from the last term.
Reports were heard from the following
committees: Executive ami finance,
racing, touring, membership, transporta
tion, rights and privileges, rules and reg
ulations, highway improvement. They
showed the division to be in a prosperous
condition financially and as to member
ship and recounted a vast amount of good
work done during the year. The mem
bership, which was 904 a year ago, now
stands at 1639, a gain of 735.
Chief Consul Kerrigan appointed the
following committes for the ensuing year:
Executive and finance— F. H. Kerrigan, C.
K. Melrose and W. D. Sheldon, San Francisco.
Rights and privileges— Percy N. Log,
Charles Albert Adams, J. F. Coffey, San Fran
cisco.
Rules and regulations— J. A. Desiruone Jr.,
San Jose; L. W. Lovey, San Francisco; L. C.
Byce, Petalumti.
Racing board— R. M. Welch, San Francisco;
A. G. Col, San Jose; R. M. Thompson, Fresno.
Transportatiop— George H. Strong, Oakland;
F. T. Dwyer, Sacramento: J. H. Wright, Oak
land.
Touring— E. B. Jerome and W. M. Owen,
Oakland; Mr.Sixe, San Francis-co.
Membership -H. W. Spalding, George H.
Stratton. V. A. Hftncock, C. Michener, San
Francisco; F. L. Seyboldt, San Jose.
Charged With Embezzlement.
Samuel Brown, a United States prisoner now
in the County Jail awaiting trial for smuggling
opium, was taken to the City Hall yesterday
morning to swear to a warrant for the arrest
of John Peterson, on a charge of embezzle
ment. Brown wus arrested on November 21
and detained in the City Prison till the follow
ing day, when he was transferred to the cus
tody oi the United States Marshal. When
searched In the prison $95 and a gold watch
were taken from him. He gave Peterson an
order on the police property clerk for the
money and watch and alleges that Peterson
has embezzled both.
Jumped Into tUe Bay.
August Peterson, an elderiy dock laborer,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday after
noon by j innging Into the bay off :he Clay
street wharf. Capta-.n White of the ferry-boat
Tiburon noticed him and promptly gave orders
to lower a boat. Peterson was rescued by the
■Tiburon's men and taken to the pier. He was
then removed to, the Receiving Hospital in the
ambuiance none the worse for his ducking.
He had been drinking heavily and was in a
despondent mood.
Charged With Burglary.
Luvigi Palo, the bootblack who was ac
quitted.in Judge Campbell's court on Wednes
day of the murder of Augostino Pa.enti, was
arrested early yesterday morning by Police
men Dnanc and Bakullch on a charge of
burglary. Mrs. Parenti is the complaining
witness against him, and she alleges that he
visited her house Friday night and stole
several articles. Palo denies the charge, and
says it is simply trumped up out of a spirit of
revenge.
Sentenced by Judge Bithra.
Judge Bahrs yesterday imposed sentences on
convicted felons as follows: Joseph Kilciine,
assault with a deadly weapon, eighteen months
in SanQuentin; William Dowling, assault with
deadly weapon, eighteen months in San Quen
tin. In the case of Cornelius Ryan, who
pleaded guilty to assault, judgment was sus
pended to give him a chance to reform.
A Farewell B nquct.
President Scott of the Board of Education
gave that body and the retiring School Direc
tors a banquet at the Pacific Union Club yes
terday. The affair was entirely informal and
was due to the lact that Mr. Scott will go East
next Tuesday. >
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W Parry, Oswego . F A Wolf, Chicago
I. Schutliff&niece.Ogden O Burnham. California
A J Larsen, l.orii H Jones, Sacramento
W Ramsey. Canada O McKenzle, Napa
A Farnswbrth<£ wf, Cal D Brown, Petaumn
W E Dargie, Oakland J Kens & wf, Carson
Mrs J Moore <fe sou, Cal F A Hodge, Colusa
F Hodapp&wt.Martinez Mrs -Browning, San Jose
X McGra.h. Pe:altuna X O Miller, Vi~,alia
T B Hayes, Los Angeles A T Currie, Los Angeles
Miss Kacon, Chicago FA Hooker, Salinas
E Cochran, Carnptouville M D Rainbow, Seattle
H D hoss Jr. Sacto Mrs M a Hossmore, Cal
Mrs M McKee, Helena H L McKee. Helena
X M West, St Louis W Loftus <fc wf.Petaluma
I> E Wallace, Oakland J J Quill, sun in Cruz
Jly Atwood, Mokelumne P B Field, Arizona
G B MtKee, san Jose A de Rochebourne Jr.Cal
J C Potter, California A J Pnulsen <fe wf, Cal
H W Crabb, Oakville Mis 3 D Knglish, Ukiah
Miss J Berrvmaii, Ukiah O X Beam. Lo» Angeles
E huffington, Virginia G .'-evens, Sacramento
E Hall, King City T Hutchlnson, California
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs David, Montreal Mrs Plummber, Montreal
1. M Kirk <£ w, Seattle Rev A St.inden, Edmntn
il W Was cc, San Jose F starr <ft w. Portland
J M;-.g He, Tacoma F L Hodge, Tacoma
« W Strong, Mivrretta W H Fianell, L Angeles
J Jones, Los Angeles T Fay. Vallejo
J H Finch, Vallejo C Finberp, Los Angeles
G J Meyess. fcouura L E Sawyer, Sonora
J a Dowlifrg. Sacramnto T H Terry, san Rafael
O H Stouei San Rafael H S Lunt, N V
J C Johnson, ban Jose B B Lloyd, San Andreas
M L Ponman, Salinns V U Martin, Sacramento
H M Mart i .i-Hi',l Ktvrdal N B Patten, St Paul
J Bennett, St Paul H F Jones, Sail Jose
J W Ellsworth, (at W A VVatkinsA fy, I'hila
H 8 Harrington, Pa H Van Derwettern, Cal
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
B M Gentry, San Jose John McCallon, Eureka
Jos Cerveuka, Cal Mrs F k ervenka, Cal
H T Artioh A w. Cal 1 W Johnson, El Dorado
il B Ginter, Benk-ia T X Lyuch. Fresno
a Duncan, i osiou JC Wesihofl, Portland
W H D.cnenson, 111 A Noch, «ew York
W W Jenkens, Portland C H Korthrup, Oregon
Hern FlenUer. ■ re,: on Chas Daniels, Term
W T Rush it fam, Ur James Momelth, Butte
Mrs Van Wormer, Cal James Rodey, >aoto
Ben Geer, Seima Ben Hunt, ttelma
SH < 'lllie, Por land Jas Nugent <fe w, Nev
S X Johnson. Buffalo Maggie McLaugblin.Wyo
Adolph Tatton <fe w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
R F TJllman, St Louis X L Cot hell, New York
Miss Q cothell, N V b Ad er. Rochester, N V
H R Plate, Stamford G J Briggs, >ew Yoric
H J Detainer, San Diego G B Williams, Stamford
Mrs BMB andlng. Cal U F Johnson, Chicago
W W Crawford. Chicago Dr W P Mills, Chicago
L G Xejwiih <se wi. c^U R J Moorhend, Sta Clara
T T Dwyer, Sacramento V Matter i;, Hamburg
F F Marx, Coio >ark E F Harris, Portland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C W Leechman, Vallejo F W Bromley, Saeto
A H Jesse, st Louis F R McVetz«w, St Louis
MrsA C carpenter, I'klah Mrs J W Hudson, Ukiah
J ts Josephs, NY C C Douglas, ctockton
W a Romalne, NY J R Fraser. Klmira
A A Wuetlu. NY HE Parmenter, U 8 N
W s Friedman, St Louis J Lamb, San Jose
C B«ari, Hay wards A Bruce, Huy wards
J Brownlle, Vallejo X Browulie, Vallejo
W A Newton, Chicago W D Davis, Chicago
Mrs M C Roystou, N J J W Bulla» <fe w, U H N
WHERE FOOTBALL
CHAMPIONS DWELL
West Side of the Bay Has
All the Season's Prize
Teams.
Santa Clara College and St
Matthew's School Are
Victorious.
Four Furious Matches Here Tester
day in Had and Run— Butte
Team Coming.
Four football matches were played In
this City yesterday in spite of the con
tinuous rain and muddy fields.
Santa Clara College of Santa Clara de
feated St. Mary's College ot Oakland at
Central Park by a score of 46 to 4.
St. Matthew's Hall of San Mateo won
from Oakland High School at the Presidio
grounds by a score of 26 to 0.
The San Francisco Y. M. C. A. coast
AS THE BALL MOVED, AND BY WHOM.
The opening play Is that at the top of the diagram. It Is St. Mary's kickoff from center of
field down to Santa Clara's 15-yard line, where Santa Clara catches the ball and begins to work
it back toward the center of the field and the distant Su Mary's gocl. iin a nimbie near tie
center St. Mary's get the ball and in three plays scon) a touchdown. The ball Is again brought
to the center of the Held for a kickoff, this time by St. Mary's into Santa C.ara territory, fc-übia
qnent plays may be easily followed. In the second half the co.le.res chinge goals. Otherwise
the playing Is the same, v very play after a cross is by Santa Clara and those after a large dot
are by St. Mary's.
champion lightweight team played a 4 to
4 tie game in the afternoon with the Cogs
well College eleven on the California
L ague Grounds.
The Lick Polytechnic School of San
Francisco defeated the University Acad
emy of Alameda at the California League
grounds in the forenoon, the score being
20 toO.
The following records of this season's
final championship matches are remark
able In that .hey show that all the cham
pion teams this year are confined to the
comparatively small territory of the pe
ninsula on the west side of San Francisco
Bay.
West side Of Bay. East side of Bay.
Coast interuniversity championship-
Stanford 20 California. 0
Coast Athletic Club championship—
Olympic 6 reliance 0
Coast Catholic intercollegiate championship —
Santa Clara College. 46 St. -Mary's College 4
state academic school championship —
St. Matthew's ji all.. 26 Oakland High School.. o
Lick Polytechnic . .. 20 Aiameda Academy 0
Undefeated Belmont
(School 70 University of Nevada. .0
West side points. .... 188 Knit side points 4
CATHOLIC COLLEGE MATCH
Santa Clara Overwhelms St. Mary's,
Forty-Six to Four.
For the first time in their history old
Santa Clara College and St. Mary's Col
lege have met on a gridiron field to contest
practically for the Calbohc intercollegiate
championship of the Pacific Coast. The
matcn was played yesterday in a driving
rain and on a muddy, slimy field at Cen
tral Park, and Santa Clara College, with
the first football team it has ever sent out,
won handily by the overwhelming score of
46 to 4.
The play of the representatives of the
pioneer college was of a high order and
was surprising to the confident Bt. Mary's
collegians and to the wildly enthusiastic
partisans of both elevens because of the
fact that the wearers of the red and white
from down the bay had been looked upon
only as possible dark horses against the
more experienced Oakland collegians.
Their showing was to be compared with
the unexpected result of the first great
interuniversity match when Stanford
defeated California.
In team work and in exceptionally well
executed interference Santa Clara College
completely outclassed the St. Mary's
team, which was fairly outplayed every
where.
With the exception of one touchdown,
scored early in the game on a chance in
stantly seized for a long run, St. Mary's
College never at any time menaced Santa
Clara * goal.
Santa Clara gained repeatedly on bucks
between Butler and Taylor and round
Brignole, St. Mary's other tackle. She
had no more cause to use end runs than
did Stanford on Thanksgiving, as the op
posing line could not withstand the ma
chine-like ranid plunges of Briue, Conlan
and King. Bride distinguished himself
by kicking seven out of eight goals with a
sopgy oall.
It should be said, however, in justice to
St. Mary's team, that it played a plucky
game all the time in the face of certain
defeat and against a heavier and a better
trained lot of men. St. Mary's College
captain after the game said tat he is not
in the least disheartened, but that his
men are det rmined to see their college
put forth an eleven next year that shall
follow in tufl lootsteps of the St. Mary's
College baseball players, who have always
been the victors over Santa Clara.
In the sheltered grand stand seats sat
the brass bands of both colleges and
poured out volumes of furious melody in
their efforts to outplay eacu other.
Just how the game went and who did
the playing may be seen Dy consulting
the accompanying accurate chart of the
play.
Following are the summaries of the
.—■•-.■ „• ■--•-.-.: t-' . ■ - ■ ,- ■■■■ s
1 game and the names and stripped weight
of the players: :
■ Score— Santa Clan College 46. on 8 touchdowns,
I by Conlin 1, by Dwyer 1, by King •-'. by Bride 1.
by Cushine 1, by Sullivan 1, by Emery 1, and on 7
goals kicked by Bride; St. Mary's College 4, on 1
touchdown by Mood »nd goal missed by lirignole.
Time of play— Two 30-minute halves. Drench
ing rain and heavy, slippery field.- v. . ■
- Officials— Umpire and referee, S:ickne -, the St.
Mary : s College coach and Olympic half and
Harvard tackle: referee and umpire, Sheehy, the
Santa Clara College coach and Olympic guard;
linesmen, Smltti, the Olympic capia n an I Kuard,
and Mclsaars. the St. Mary's ex-tack c and Olym
pic and California "sub" tackle.' '
Santa Clara College. Position. St. Mary's College.
Coward, 160 L X R ;....Armljo, 134
Emery, 165. 1. T. R. Butler, 140
Alvarado, 170. ...... L. G. R..... Tavlor. 170
Bilvle. 176.......... .C........ ..samaneljo, 168
Quinn, 182....... K. G. L... ....Brady, 185
Cushinß, 160 .....K. T. L .Brlgnole, 155
*onon,i6i {R.B.X. ..UtattK-an, 160
>orton,lsl .{R. E.I. |........Cunto. >»»
Dwyer, 138. ..........Q ..Hastings, 140
SunTvau 0 ?^' ■ JBo: .'{^ E. X } Mo " n ' 15 °
King. 162. -...{r. h. l. };;:::;yi32; 115
Bride, 168...... .F... McCartney, 166
ACADEMIC CHAMPIONS.
San Mateo Outclasses Oakland
High School 26 to O.
Bt. Matthew's Hall football team became
champions of the State Academic League
yesterday by defeating the Oakland High
School at the Presidio athletic grounds by
a score of 26 to 0.
The team play and interference of St.
Matthew's was admirable and approached
Varsity form. Porter of Olympic and
••Tommy" Code of Stanford and Olympic
were there, jubilant over the showing made
by their pupils. Captain Waiton and the
two Arlett brothers of Reliance and Reno
Hutchinson of Berkeley had done the
coaching for Oakland High.
A great deal of fumbling was done.
Oakland was even more jncertain in
handling the wet ball than was San
Mateo.
When called upon to kick the High
School line was unable to hold St.
Matthew's and the ball was repeatedly
blocked. It was also too light to with
stand the heavy bucking of St. Matthew's,
and allowed repeated gains.
Snitzer and Johnson of St. Matthew's
both made be&utiful runs of 100 and 80
yards ie»pectively.
Over 200 enthusiastic students were
present to cheer on their teams.
The membeis of the two teams faced
each o; uer as follows :
St. Matthew's. I'osltlon. Oakland High
Sniizer L. K. R Co; ler
Bi.nneister U T. R.... Nedderman
Cortney L. G. X L-Ballisier
W alley C Walton
Heuioa (captain) R. G. L Foster
l>lckie. R.T. L Ayers
Wnmble B. E. L E. Kiui;
Ualvez Q. Kdu
(*eissier L. H. R Chestnut
Manlev H. H. L....J. King (cap.aln)
Jon nson p St eele
Score— St. Matthew's Hall, 26; Oaklaud High
School, 0.
officials— Referee, Hall, California Varsity right
ha'f umpire, Kmnedy, California Vanity quar
ter: liiii'Mnai'.' Mr. Burke.
Time of play— Two 25-mlnute halves.
BUTTE TEAM COMING HERE
Will Play Olympic on Christmas
and New Year's-
The Butte football team is coming down
to San Francisco to play ihe Olympic
eleven two match games on the Central
Park gridiron, one on Christmas day and
the other on New Year's day. Such was
the information received yesterday by the
Olympic management, as a result of much
correspondence that has been engaged in
ol late between the two big clubs.
has a most powerful aggregation this sea
son, superior in many respects and in its
playing .o its tram of last season that
swept everything before ft until it ran up
aguinst the Reliance, once in Buite and
again in this City.
The Montana eiants have an unbroken
record of victories mis year, even to de
feating the great Denver Athletic Club
team 20 to 0, alter vanquishing a number
of Mississippi Vailey colleges.
In addition to b.g Jim Hooper, the
former Michigan renter rush; McMillan,
the old Stanford uuard and Reliance cap
tain; the fleet-footed Gillis, and the great
line-buckers, Laswell and Hartzell, BuUe
has a number of new recruits from other
big teams, among them being Percy Ben
son, the veteran California Varsity quar
ter and captain for two years.
Ex-Manager Leonard Gill of the Olym
pic Club saw the Butte team play re
cently and declared tiiat it is the best foot-
ball eleven he has ever seen.
.--.■■ •■'•'■- • '• • .. • .... ... ■.' •.•-■•/.
Y. M. C. A. TIES COGSWELL.
Little Lightweights Hold Collegians
Down Four to Four.
The undeleated Y. M. C. A. lightweight
team of this City, that claims the coast
championship of all elevens averaging less
than 140 pounds to the man, sustained its
reputation' again 'yesterday afternoon
when it played a tie game with the Cogs
well College team at the Sixteenth and
Folsom street grouiW The lightweight
elevon '} kept ; th? ; ball ; well ; in the • college
men's \- territory during the- second half
and when the tinal wnistle blew they had
it within 5 yards of Cogswell's goal line.
The features? of the game were -a 40-ya:d
run by Quarterback Lamont of > Cogswell
scoring 'a touchdown; the several lone
runs of Right End Specnt of the Y. M. C.
A.; thejienerai playing of Right End G.
Thompson of Cogswell, particularly when
he alone twice prevented Specht from
scoring a touchdown ; and the tackling of
Left Tackle Davis of Cogswell. *■ r ■
i.-. HMH Mw re 7X; M " C A., 4, on one touchdown by
Millbi.ck Hewson and goal, kick misled by Right
Tackle. Symmes;: Cogswell College, - 4, on one
, touchdown by Lament and goal kick uiUsed br
i Left Uuard Fisher. *
Time of play-Two. a5-mtnut* halves. Heavy
rain and muddy field.
This is the way the two teams lined up,
to/ether with the stripped weights oi the
men that faced each other: \j^
Cogswell College. Position. Y. M. C. A. ; 1
Koseberry. 125 UK. rt Specht, 115. '
C.Davis, ]35.;........ L. 'i. «•• *ymmes, I*l v
Fischer. 175. :..... ....L. G. ...;... Holconibe, 142
Ha:vey, 15i. .....Center... Duden, 144
Jones. 176.. R. U. L. Prey, 147
aoher, 140.. iv. 1. L Keiiney, 140
0. Tho-i p>on, 130 R. K. L..... .Ke lir, 114
Lamont. 135. Quar.er.. R-d.can. 100
1. Thompson. 140 h.K...... Ml.l»>r, 133
Chase. 150.)..... R. H. L Morrison, 140
Young. 130 iullback Hewson, 124
145 pounds ..AVer. ueUht....131 pouuUs
Lick Outplayed Alameda.
The charity football game played on the
California League grounds yesterday fore
noon by Lick Polytechnic School and the
University Academy of Ai:ime<ia, resulted
in a Stanford-over-Cahtornia victory for
the San Francisco school, which won witii
a final score of 20 to 0.
Coming: Charity Games.
Next Friday afternoon the John Swett
Grammar School team will play "The
Crockers" at Central Park, for charity.
Game will be called at 6 o'clock.
The undeieaied li-hfwetght cuampions
of the Pacinc Coast, toe Yount; Men's
Christian Association football team, will
play a match game with ihe Lowell Hi^b.
School team for charity next Wednesday
afternoon at Central ParK. Game called
at 3:30 o'clock.
STOCKTON PUNS
FOR A SMELTER
Aspires to Be the Entrepot i
of a Neighboring Mm- f
ing Section.
Hcp^s Based on the Construction
of the Sierra Pac fie
Railroad.
Cheap Coa to Be Laid at That City's
Door With n the Next
Ten Days.
Btockton is ambiious to have a smelter,
and that ambition is backed by snch
energy and enterprise that it is likely to
be fulfilled within the next yea--.
P. A. Buell of P. A. Buell <fc Co. of
Stocktun, vice-president of the Sierra Pa
cific Railroad Company, was in the City
yesierday, and in speaking of t.ti« pro
jected railroad discoursed incidentally of
the great benefits that would accrue to
Stockton from its operation. The road is
to have its tidewater terminus at Stock
ton, as it is to be extended forty-five
miles from that city into the mining
region to the northeast. Survey work is
now in progress, actual construction worlc
is expeciea to Degin in about sixty days,
and the road, according to the opinion of
Mr. Buell, will be ready for operation in
about a year. It will be oi standard
gauge.
It will be principally used to carry sup*
plies of all kinds into this heretofore lit
tle developed section, and will brinp ores
ami building material, such as grantto
and limestone, into Stockton.
The ore product of the region consists m
largely of what are known as rebellious ■
ores. These, owing to the difficulty and i
expense of transporting them to a sniel-
Ur, are at present treated with chlorides
'to extract the metal, a process that is con
siderably more 'expensive than that of
smelting.
With the Sierra Pacific Railroad in op
eration convenient and cheap transporta
tion will be available to Stockton. The
region referred to is rich in these rebel
lious ores and it is the purpose of promi
nent and weaitby Stocktonians to erect s
smelter to handle the ores. By this
stroke of enterprise it is expected not
only to control all the trade of the mining
section that will thus be given an outlet
into Stockton, but the anticipation is that
mining will be greatly stimulated by the
facilities which the Stockton people are
now planning to provide.
Work on the Corral Hollow Railroad
and coal mines has now progressed to
such an ex.ent that coal from those mines
will be laid down in quantity in Stockton
within ten days. This will provide cheap
fuel for the smelter and also for other
manufacturing interests, existing and con
templated, in the metropolis of the San
Joaquin, which already rnnks as the sec*
ond manufacturing city in California.
CABLE-CARS COLLIDE.
A Serious Accident arrowly -\v«rte<t
. at Ku'.t-or and Polk Streets.
A Sutter-street cabie-car gome east col
lided with another oar on Po'k; street
shortly before 8 o'clock la>t night and
caused the greatest excitement among the
passeneerp on both car*.
Tne Poik-street car was going north and
the gripman wiic-n he readied the cross
ing went ahead. l(*tnkio|: that the Sutter
street car would stop. The latter, how
ever, came straight i>n and st-uck the
dummy ot' tue Poik-street, car with such,
force as to clerrd! it. The shock threw
several of the passenger* on each'car from
their seat?, but fortunately no one was in
jured as lar as couUi tie learned.
It was lucky that the r:-.in kept away
passengers ;roui sitting on the dummy of
the Po.k-street car otherwise some livei
mi^ht have :>een placed in jeopardy.
The traffic was delaye I for about twenty
minutes tiil the Polk-^treet car wis DUt
back on the rails. A Linte crowd quickly
gatthered as the report spread that several
peop !e had been seriously injured.
THE XMAS QUESTION SETTLED.
The Holidays, Should ' Not i>raln Your
Purs hi.
You need not look any farther for some
thing with which to make a holiday gift.
The Great American Importing Tea Com
pany has placed within reach of \ all
numberless beautiful articles *of chin a,
crockery and ; glasswire. With every 60c
purchase of teas.C'-ffees, spices, etc., i you
receive a handsome article, which is
equal if not superior to the high-priced
holiday presents i now being soueht.r Or
you may purchase tUese exceptional!} fine
goods irrespective of o:her purchases.
What can be more sensible? You need
coffees, teas and spices, and when pur
chasing- why not secure some of these
beautiful articles? They are serviceable
ana ornamental and guaranteed of the
finest 'quality. 1 -
Large Real Kaintc Deal.
The property ou ilie «orheast corner o(
Fourth and Jessie streets, t!ie lot being about
30x80 feet, there beinu on it a two-siory
frame imprevem.nt, has bae i sold by A. M.
Speck A Co. to X. chard Uarueti, a CMpualist
from Chicago, lor soniotning hki: $34 000 V
nix-story building will by tiected b. Mr. Gar*
nett. The property belonged to S. Kugeuo
O'Rourke and Mrs. Margaret Nolan.
Property Won by the Cltv.
Judge Seawall has decided in favor of the
City and against 9. W. Holuday in regard to the
ownership of some valuable real estate, a part
of the public park knowu as Lafayette Park.
The land is at the corner oi Goujjh" snd Wasn.
ington streets, wuh n irontaKu of. 137:6 feetou
Oough, and extending a full block alone Wash
ington street.MUST DIG FOUR
SILVER DOLLARS
Blueblood Democrats Served
With Dunning Notices
to Pay.
Ex- Chairman Laymance Has
Saved Their Dignity for
Ten Days. ._
The Music That HHp^d to' E ect
Budd Is the Largest Item That
Wes Forgotten, c
,* . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Dec. 12. )
There is trouble dire. and deep in the
. Democratic camp. The aristocratic*
wielders of power of the old Democratic
•• County Central Committee of Alameda
County, which conducted the campaign
" of 1894, have been sued like ordinary
Vulgar creditors. .'. -
°. When Budd was" elected, Aiameda
• County put up a very energetic campaign.
"•• I There were lots of people in this county
. ' who had to be provided for, and whose
1 only hope of loaves and fishes lay in the
election of Mr. Budd.
.' Two years previous to this campaign
... the Democrats had elected a Sheriff and
: " Tax Collector, and intended, if possible,
■•'.. to win more of the county offices in 1894, j
:-." and with this additional ambition music I
=. ."was liberally hired, halls were generously
V .rained, and advertising bills were lavishly
■*.•'■'. Contracted.
■.-".. But after the campaign, when every-
V . .thing was lost but Budd, the spirit of gen
■ :i'erosity disappeared, and now every mem
:; ler of that County Committee has been
■■.tery-ed with a dunning notice from a col
fC lection agency, which , reads: . "Mr. ,^— — :
. .'.Approved bills aggregating about $300
.•■:J\ : a-sainst the Democratic Central Commit
.-..;;. tee', ;of wnich you were a member, have
. v;; hee'n placed in our hands for collection.
■V /We have learned that Mr. M. J. Laymance
•: :■■'■• njis-written to you, urging the payment of
■■ .; ■.;s& 'by each member of the committee, so as
v;/;.to.:"aieet these demands. Unless the bills
V,;".; i.fi .-.our hands are paid within ten days j
.■.from date we will commence suit against
•">;. yo.q. '.forthwith." J ■';•'„' '.*
: ■-•;.•■ T^iiis notice is dated December 5, and the i
;; . ten-days will expire next Tuesday. On
..that day if the aristocratic members of
.': . the- committee have not deposited their $4
■/■/■jper- capita they will all be served with lit
■: tie suits which they will not wear com
>. \placently. - .. - .
•■■: ■;■'. .'. As it would be very undignified to allow
. the. collection of a paltry : $300. against
: -'.^nearly 100 coromitteemen to be enforced
. :.ihroHgh the courts M. J. Laymance, who
■■• -signs himself "Chairman of the old com
% .mittee," has sent out the following prayer:
i :.'.'" ■. Dear Sir: The Democratic County Committee
.•-Y'?w"as' : left with an Indebtedness on their hands
•■.•['.aggregating: over $490 at the end of thecam
.:■'■ :.paiga of 1894, which has never been paid, of
>.--:\Sr#nfi there was $86 due the J ilth Regiment
:*;•;. tountt'-of Qakland. On trie 30th day of Septem
.-! ■. v6er tney commenced suit agtinst the Demo
...>crktic County Committee and the Individual
;■=. numbers thereof tor the amount of their bill,
•. ■.•en.d;tnere nas i^een " incurred a,t>cut $15 costs,
:' *nd'ip order to avoid a judgment being en
'-. t.eteil Against each individual member of the
"' ; - .'. committee I have secured a stay of proceed
■ •, ings of the suit for ten days, in order to collect,
I • Worn * each individual member " the amount
' ' "•■ Jitcessfiry to liquidate the claim. ',
» • After a consultation with quite a number of
i •• -the committee *b.ey have ; advised that ;-$4 be
.""paidbv each, member .of the committee to
■ .John M. English at 466 Eighth street, and
■•; ''when.he has received enough, .money to pay
.the judgment he will do so, and the balance
■;.■ of. the money' will be applied to the liquida
•'/ :.tifcn of the other claims that the committee
■•.'.owes. Other parties 'are threatening suit
'. .-. daily, and, if commenced, will entail extra
':■:': jcoeii. ; ■■•;■•■ ' • ;■■--; ".■.'■.■",
'.- •■ .Hoping you will respond promptly in order
'■■■■■. 'to avoid any further cost in the matter, I re
::;"..-maih yours truly, ;;; M. J. Laymance,
.'■'.:. Chairman of thb Old Committee.
DEATH OF GEORGE MAY.
Another of tbe Early Settler* of L.iver
■: more "Valley Joins the
 Majority.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec 12.— George May,
lather-in-law of Supervisor Churcd, and
a' California pioneer, died this morning at
Livermore.
• -The deceased was a native of Ireland,
where he was born seventy-five years ago.
lift came to California in the early '50's
end settled in Livermore valley, when it
was but sparsely inhabited. He brought
His family with bim, located on a com
fortable ranch and for forty years he has
been an important factor in upbuilding
the interior town where be died.
The deceased leaves a large estate, in
cluding a heavy bank account and 550
acres of the best land in the valley. He
leayes it all to his six daughters, share
and stare alike. Tney are: Mrs. VV. H.
Church of Oakland, Mr.«. I. Horton; Mrs.
A. W. Feidler, Mrs. Emma Baxter, Mrs.
Lily May, Mrs. Joseph Bangs, of Liver
more, and Mrs. G. B. McNeil of Ban Jose.
H< Iplng Lorenzo Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— The ladies
of the Catholic church o^f Haywards are
now conducting a fair in the Villa Hall
for the purpose of helping the building
fund for a church at Lorenzo. The
booths will be open every afternoon
and evening and will continue as long as
the attendance and business justifies. The
opening night was very encouraging.
Mrs. J. E. Geary and Miss Ella Gearv are
in charge of tbe refreshment booth, Misses
Mary, GeneYieve and Ethel 31cKeev«r
conduct a fancy orange booth, Mrs.
Cbampney and Miss White are in chsrge
of a fancy booth, while the Oriental booth
is looked after by Miss Haas. Miss Cary,
Miss O'Neil ana Miss Mitchell. Mr& Gar
wood and Miss May Garwood conduct iSt.
Anthony's booth.
Illnegs of Prominent People. .
OAKLAND, Cal., Der. 12.— Mrs. Charles
B. Pierce is dangerously ;ill at her resi
dence. &he was overcome with sickness
while retumine from the horse show
Wednesday evening, and as she basonly
just recovered from a severe- illness, her
relapse is tbe cause of much anxiety. Mr.
Pierce is a>so suffering from an acute at-
Jack of Inflammatory rheumatism.
Rev. Father Akerly, the veteran rector
emeritus of St. John's, is suffering from a
severe coJd. On account of nis sreat age
hia sickness is considered critical. , j
An Unsanitary Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— Health Offi
cer Bradley has reported tbat the un-ani
tary condition of the county jail has not
been remedied. The plumbing in some
places is particularly defective, and If
immediate improvements are not made
the structure will be placarded, in which
event all the prisoners would have to be
: taken to other quarters.
The Lovesick Gardener. '
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— John John-
Bon, the lovesick gardener who has been
annoyine Mrs. Lizzie Johnson, a domes
tic, was up /or sentence this morning be
fore Judge Wood. His attorney made a
plea for leniency, promising that Johnson
would not bother the cook any more if
released, and the matter was taken under
advisement.
MRS. WILLIAM H. POLLARD.
AN IMPOSING MEMORIAL
Daniel Moriarty Erecting the
Largest Burial Monument
on Record.
He Is Anxious to Tasttfy to Gratitude
and Aff.ction in a Befitting
Manner.
OaklaM) Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Dec. 12. )
Daniel Moriarty, one of the most
j wealthy residents of Elmhurst, has re-
J ceived plans and descriptions of what will
be, when finished, the largest and most
substantial burial monument in the entire
I country.
Before coming to Alameda County Mr.
Moriarty was a resident of New Orleans
and in that city his first wife died nine
years ago and his father also died there
thirty-eigtit years ago. It is in memory of
these relatives tbat he has decided to erect
the great monument.
Many years ago Daniel Moriarty, a
native of Ireland, came to New Orleans a
mere boy, mid after experiencing some
hard times he was given a position in a
grocery establishment kept by a widow
named Mary Farrell. The lad served in
the store ior several years and finally,
although there was some disparity in their
ages, he married his employer. The busi
ness then grew rapidly under the new
partnership and graduaiJy the lady with
drew from the active management until
the firm finally became Mr. Moriarty.
For- many years they Jived in perfect
contentment and hapriness; the business
increased and was very profitable, but the
death of Mrs. Moriarty broke up the part
nership. After her death Mr. Moriarty,
who had accumulated a very extensive
fortune, abandoned commercial life, and
about six years ago came to this coast.
Some time ago he decided to erect a
monument that would in some measure
show his esteem for his departed relatives.
The plans are now completed and work
has commenced. The monument will be
constructed of Vermont granite, and will
weigh nearly 375 tons. It will require the
services of twenty- two cars to transport
the stone to the cemetery. The largest
single block of granite ever quarried in
that State will be used as the base stone,
and a special car has been built to accom
modate the immense block. The monu
ment will occupy the most prominent po
sition in Metairie Cemetery, and with its
foundation and freight will cost $50,000.
In the rough t c base stone measures
over fifteen feet square and is four feet
thick. The car to carry it cost $1800.
Following the base stone will be two
courses of granite, each composed of a sin
gle atone and weighing about twenty tons.
On theso blocks will rest the die stone.
Tbis feature will measure eight feet in
height by six feet in diameter, the four |
sides being paneled. At each corner of |
tbe diestone there will be a polished
column of granite, with Corinthian capi
tals, and resting on each of these columns
will be a granite statue. These four figures
will cost $2000 each ; the third stone at tbe
base of the monument will be cut with
the word "Moriarty" and the opposite
panel will contain the names and dates oT
the deaths of those whom it commem
orates. *
A TOWN IN FACT.
Emeryville's New Trustees " Meet and
Discus* Some of Their
; ■-.■';■ : "JJi "'■' :' Flans. :> *; : '
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— The Trustees
recently elected of the new city of Emery
ville have received official notice from
the Secretary of State that notice of their
election has been duly filed and that after
qualification they could enter upon their
official duties. The board held its first
meeting last night at the office of the Jud
son Company. J. S. Emery was the unani
mous choice for chairman, but he de
clined the honor a:id the matter of presi
dent was deferred.
•The Board of Trustees has large discre
tionary powers in the appointment of sub
ordinate officers, such as recorder, engi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
neer, attorney and poundmaster. They
will proceea slowly in these matters until
the requirements of 1 he young city are de
termined. Efforts will be niude to improve
the condition of the streets and provide
a system of electric lights. Watts street
will shortly be opened and extended
through to West Berkeley. This will make
it the main north and south thoroughfare
witbin the limits of the new city. Special
efforts and encouragement will be given to
manufacturing piants.and the Trustees are
very sanguine that they can carry out an
economical ana judicious plan of govern
ment.
TOO MANY WIVES.
Fred Pletz Accused of Bigamy by the
"Woman He First Mar
ried.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— Fred W.
Plefz was arrested to-day and charged
with bUramy. The complaining witness
is Mrs. Mary E. Pletz, who asserts that
she is wife No. 1. She says that her suit
tor divorce Irom Fred was referred to the
Court Commissioner several months ago
and has never been heard from since it
lodged in that official's keeping. In July,
Mrs. Pletz asserts, her husband married
Emily Macßnde of Livermore.
Pleiz is a man about 25 years of age and
a paper- hanger by trade, and 'absolutely
refuses to -ay a word about his trouble.
The second Mrs. Pletz came tn Oakland
to-day from Livermore on the first train
ani! declared that she would stick by her
husband, and if necessary that Pletz will,
pay the lee for his first wife to get tbe de
cree entered and then marry her over
again to make the affair leeal.
Mrs. Pietz No. 2 says that her husband
thought the divorce had been granted and
the decree entered, and does not credit
him with any willful culpability.
thunh and Jlis Wives.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— An agree
ment was recorded to-day between John
H. Church, whose matrimonial alliances
with four or five wives have made him
famous, and his latest wife, Laura. In con
sideration of the conveyance of certain
property in Fruitvale the wife agrees to
waive any claim to the property of Church
or for any support should she desire to
live apart and separate from him. Church
is empowered to sell or mortgage any
other of his property without his wife's
signature.
A misted by Salvationists.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12,— Miss Jbdo
Van Veever, who was arrested for Irani fl
ing in men's clothes, has been supplied
with garments more befitting by tbe Sal
vation Army women, and arrangements
are being made to take care of her until
Fome congenial situation can be found.
William Craft, the young man who was
arrested with her, and who thought she
wa3 a boy, is evidently enamored ol his
companion, and if he can get work there
may yet be a marriage.
Jumped Over the Gates.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— James Cal-
loway, a negro under arresi for theft,
jumped over the eates of the Seventh
streec local to-day and landed on bit back.
Officer Kytp, who brought the prisoner
from Sun Francisco, bad no difficulty in
cai turing the escape, for Cailowav was
apparently severely injured. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and after
DeuiK treated for all kinds of iractures be
watched his opportunity and escaped.
The Bridge Is Safe.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 12— The trouble
over the footbridge of the electric railway
at San Leandro has been adjusted. The
company has purchased from Mr. .Moyos
the necessary strip of land, ninety-three
feet long and. four feet wide, and the
offensive bridge is now on the property of
thf railroad.
KEW TO-DAT.
CONSUMPTION
B To THE Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
• 'So proof-positive am lof its power to cure I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mrNewly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and PostofEce address.
/ ' Always sincerely yours, - - " " .
T. A. SLOCUM,*M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.
When writing the Doctor, please mention this poser. A
DOES EVOLUIION
EXPLAIN IT ALL?
A Momentous Controversy
Amocg Student Jour
nalists.
Roused by a Paper Written by
a Junior on " The Te.eology
of Darwinism."
Professor How son's Students of Phil
osophy May Yet Taka a Hand
in the battle.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 12.— !l Will the
Darwinian theory account for the origin
of the soul?" is the tremendous issue ot a
controversy between students that has
attracted wide attention in university
circles.
The discussion was started by the pub
lication in the students' monthly maga
zine of a paper written by A. H. Alien
'98 in his English work at college. It was
entitled "The Teleology of Darwinism,"
and was a result of study under Prolessor
Syle of Wallace's "Darwinism."
Allen's paper was replied to in yester
day's issue of the magazine by A. A. Law
son, who boldly challenges the arguments
upon which the other had based the con
clusion that "the psychical and the ani
mal natures 01 man are so radically differ
ent in kind that they cannot De referred
to common origin."
The discussion was at once a general
topic of conversation, as was also a pro
posal by Professor Syle that the philoso
phical department be induced to take a
hand. Allen and Lawson are at outs on the
question of "special creation," the latter
taking the materialistic side, ascribing
Allen's psychic "protest against th
notion of a material origin" of the soul t
babiti of thought inherited from "th
primitive and poorly developed intellect
of our superstitious ancestors."
Professor Syle is now desirous of inter
esting seme one of Professor Howison's
budding philosophers in the momentous
discussion and proposes a review by an
undergraduate member of the Philosophi
cal Union of the arguments of the two
champions already in the field.
Meanwhile the editor of the paper which
is the field of battle is congratulating him
selt on having found a way out of the
difficulties encountered in securing suita
ble literary contributions from students.
There are many who are prepared to
taKe a hand in the Alien-Lawsou discus
sion, which has shown how easily a
subject may be found for student writers.
It is thought that the sensation created
by the controversy may be the means of
starting a boom in college journalism at
Berkeley, which has n»t advanced as
enthusiasts think it should during recent
years. _^___________
A Successful Carnival.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec 12.— The Carni
val of Nations closed to-niant with the
largest attendance yet seen in the armory.
The undertaking has proven successful
beyond the most extravagant expectations
of its promoters, and when the proceeds
are counted it will probably be found that
fully $500 has been received through the
ladies' efforts.
The committee in charge of the work
was headed by Mrs. William H. Pollard.
She was supported right royally by Mrs.
J. W. Hand, Mrs. Bradford, Mrs. Hanley,
Mrs. Jones and Mrs. Nelson. Lieutenant-
Colonel de Wolf,. Major L. H. Cobbledick
and Captain Weymouth aided in the
erection and planninguf the booths
This afternoon *as the baby contest.
The vast hall was thronged and the little
tots had every attention bestowed upon
them that a loving mother could desire.
A large number entered for the prizes,
all of which were well suited to win the
best.
Marriage at an Opera-Home,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec 12.—Announce
ment was made to-day of an approaching
double wedding in Linderman's Opera-
HOUBB on Tuesday evenng. The con
tracting parties are Captain George Ander
son and Ensign Miss Driese and Ensign
Wilbert and Lieutenant Miss Leynes, all
of the Salvation Army.
The event is to be the closing scene of a
"big co" by the army. Bot 1 morning and
afternoon will be giv n up to a council of
war. High officials and all of the officers
around the bay are expected to be present
to talk over pians, review the past and
suggest work for the new year. Brigadier
Keppel will perform the marriace cere
mony in the evening. Captain Anderson
is commonly known as "Happy George,"
while Ensign Wilbert is called the "Man
of Wires."
High School Debaters.
BERKELEY, Oal., Dec 12.— Tbe Berke
ley High School Forum has challenged
the EccK'sia io debate the question of the
election of United States Senators by a
direct vote of the people. Tbe Forum is
the boys' debasing society and theEcclesia
is composed of girls.
I -^IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- 1
3! i"\Jrl ■-....
I Q HEUM ATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, I
|| It Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria. Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and J
# Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, .*■;'
II Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, f|
|f Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, % %
If Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous, to ||
# name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. 0
S Price, 25c r 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. S
Sf
fff - For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack &CO. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisco.
SFor sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redmgton & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisco
.^ ■ • . L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL J •• -^t"- •
The Largest Monument in the Country Being Erected by Danie
Moriarty of Elmhurst to the Meihory of His Father , and
Fitk Wife at New Orleans*
WATCHING THEIR SAFES
Business Men Receive Warnings
From the Polics De
partment.
Lights to B P aced About Strong
Boxes So Tliat Patrolmen Can
Sse Them Readily.
Chief of Police Crcwley does not Intend
to be caught napping this winter with
an epidemic of safe-cracking on bis hands.
In former years the thieves who make
their living by this line of criminal in
dustry have reaped a rich harvest, and
many wrecked strong boxes have testified
to their prowess. Usually they have made
their hauls and escaped befoie being de
tected, though in a number of cases clever
detective work has rounded them up and
landed them in prison.
Whether or not the Chief has received
an intimation of an intended visit from
the safe-breakers is not known, but he has
issued orders that show that he intends to
be on '.he alert.
Patrolmen in the downtown districts
have been instructed to call on business
men who have safes and request them to
take extra precautions to assist tbe police
in their night vigils. Where safes are
within view of tne doors or windows of
the stores the owners are requested to
have gas jets burning brightly all night,
and if no gas is handy other lights are
asked.
Where safes are in offices and cannot be
readily seen, lights are to be so placed
that the place of ingre?s is plainly visible.
Patrolmen have also been cautioned to
Keep a sharp lookout while on their beats
and scrutinize the interior of stores
thoroughly, wherever the facilities permit,
several times during the night. It is hoped
by these means to prevent a repetition of
robberies that have occurred in former
years. #
Last year very few cracked safes were
reported to the police, and in most in
stances the jobs seemed to be those of
amat urs in the business. In 1894, how
ever, the number of strong boxes broken
into was very large, and for a, period of
several weeks burglaries or cracued safes
wer«> of almost daily occurrence.
The thieves, traced by the ruin they left
behind them, seemed to operate in" San
Francisco until the police began to be too
hot on their trail, and then to jump to in
terior towns and rob some stores where no
precautions were taken.
When matters had quieted down in this
City they would return to do a few jobs in
quick succession and then disappear again.
Their favorite mode of opera lion, which
showed them to be experts, was to muffle
the combination handle and break off the
bar that operates tbe interior mechanism
with a sledge or hammer. Then a punch
was placed against the broken end of the
bar and a few heavy blows sent the com
bination into the safe and tbe doors could
be swung open. The opening of the inside
doors, if there were any, was an easy
matter.
The majority of the safes cracked were
small ones, in saloons and offices, where
the combinations were easily wrecked, but
several large robberies were accomplished.
Tents Not Popular.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec 12.— The new
tents on the university grounds were
brought into general use to-day for exami
nations. The students whose classes met
under the canvas are not disposed to
sing the praises of tents as rainy day
schoolrooms. The heating is by oil stoves,
and the ventilation is very imperfect, so
that "eds" and co-eds alike nope that this
year will be the last of the overcrowding
that maKes such shifts necessary.
Spitting on Sidewalks.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 12.— Tbe Board
of Health at its last night's meeting re
quested the City Attorney to draw up an
ordinance making it a misdemeanor to
spit on the sidewalk or in streetcars, pub
lic halls and tueaters.
Some time ago the Alameda Trustees
passed a similar ordinance, but found
great difficulty in enforcing it, but it is
hoped that Oakland will be more suc
cessful.
South. Berkeley Bazaar.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 12.— The ladies
of tbe St. Matbew's Episcopal Mis-ion in
South Berkeley are preparing to hold a
bazaar in Lorin Hall next Thursday after
noon and evening. Those in charge are
Mrs. Mersfelder, Mrs. Negroney, Mrs.
Spencf-r, Mrs. Barnett, Mrs. Coxhead and
Mrs. Walley.
Assistant for Professor Ardley.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 12,— R. D. Yel
land, the noted artist, has been appointed
instructor in the department of decorative
and industrial arts at the university.
Alameda Notes.
Veterinary Carpenter has caught several
dairymen selling skimmed milk that did not
reach the staudaid as laid down by the Board
of Health.
Officer Jesse Rogers arrested five young boys
for jumping on and off the local train last
evening. Recorder St. Sure scared them
near.y to death this morning with a visit
through the jail, after which he released
them.
The free reading-room of the library closed
to-night and will not be reopened until the
new quarters are opened in the City Hall. All
the books have been removed.
HE IS NOT DUNHAM.
Mistake Made by a Deputy Marshal of
Bausalito.
Deputy Marshal Johnson of Sausalito
arrested a man there Friday night, and as
he thong tit he answered the description of
James C. Dunham, the murderer of the
McGrlincy family in San Jose, he detained
him till yesterday afternoon and brought
him to tbe City. He handed him over to
Policeman Dillon of the Harbor police
and Dillon took him to police head
quarters.
Detective Bainbridge had a look at the
man and saw at once that he was not
Dunham. As he seemed to be suffering
from delirium tremens Bainbridge in
structed the policeman to take the man to
the Receiving Hospital. Last night the
man wa- considerably better and was able
to talk intelligently. He said his name
was Charles Coombs, and he was at one
time librarian of the Cooper Medical Col
lege. He had been drinking heavily, but
how be got to Sausalito was a puzzle to
him.
Auction Sales
fLOSISG OUT SALE. -
TUESDAY... DECi.MBIiK 15
At 11 O'clock A M. I
At 1128 Mission Bat. 7th. and Bth Sts. •
I By order of MESSRS. KENNEDY & CO.,
'"•..*.. *.wb WILL SKLT, ...1 ■'*
; ISO R.IOS
... CONSISTING OF. .
Open I and Top l.orfcawars, Phaeton*. 2 New B-
ean .>, ilk Wagons, 2 New 4-can MilK Wagons: 3
Butcher Wagons, almost new; one 9-pa.ssenger
Camp Wagon, Large Kxprpsaaud Delivery Wagons
in goo i o der, Laundry Wagons, Road and Busi-
ness Bu?glei, Carts, several Al roi> Buggies, one
24-passenger Bus; one lti-passenjrer Depot Bus,
almost new: singie and Doub.e Harness, Robes,
Blankets, Whips, ele. This fine stock of Rij?3, etc,
must i ositlvely be sol without any rei-rve or
limit whatever. • KCLX.IVAN & DOYI.E,
Livestock Anetioneers. Offlge, 3^7 sixth st.
Medical and Surgical Offices
DR. COOK
This distinguished physician and sur-
geon, permanently located in San Fran-
cisco, continues to treat with unequaled
success all special " diseases of both sexes.
Scientific examinations carefully con-
ducted nnaer the X - RAY, . and
ELECTRICITY given .when bene-
ficial results may be thereby obtained.
The worst cases solicited, and perfect
cares guaranteed.
Women
Always receive from Doctor Cook polite at-
tention,* as welt as positive cures, for tne -
Falling or Displacement of the Womb,
Painful, Irregular, Scanty or Profuse
Menses, Periodical Headaches, Leucorrhoua,
Nervousness, Hysteria and other distress-
' ing ailments peculiar to their sex. He
builds up their broken-down constitutions
and insures to them their natural health,
- strength and beauty.
Men.
I
Young, Middle-Aged and Old, who have
.violated the laws of nature. You. are now
reaping the result of ■ your former folly.
• Many of you have Nieht Emissions, Ex-
hausting Drains.lmpotency, Pimples, Nerv-
■ ousness, Sleeplessness, Bashful ness, '"' De-
■ spondeucy. Stupidity, Loss of Ambition or
similar symptoms. In brief, your Body,
Brain and irexual . Organs have. become
weak. Doctor Co^k can restore to you what
you have YOUR PRECIOUS MAN-
HOOD. He can fit you for pleasure, study,
business or marriage.
Private.
mt - - - . >
Disorders of every name and nature, such
as Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis,
Varicocele, Hydrocele, Atrophy or the
wasting away of the organs, completely
. cured by Doctor Cook in the shortest pos-
sible time. t
Internal Organs.
All Functional DiseHses of the Heart.Lungs,
Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urin-
ary Organs; diseases of. the Eye, Ear, No-e
and Throat; diseases of the Blood and Skin:
also' Piles, Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture
and Chronic Catarrn permanently cured
by the latest and best methods kuown to
medical science.
MaH.
By this moans you can at once describe
your troubles to Doctor Cook if living at a
distance and unable to visit his office.
Home treatment always satisfactory. r - A
new and valuable book devoted to diseases
of men sent free. Office hours: 9 to 12
a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sunday,
from 10 to 12 a. 11. only. 1 Address
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite BAiuwrs Hotel). \. — ''
jL^I These tiny Capsules are superior
c\^* to Balsam of Copaiba,
u\ CubebsorlniectionsandfMlDlfl
IgJ ] CURE IN 48 HOURS \JJ
Hjjgr J the same diseases without
' inconvenience.
' Sold by all druggists*
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-AT*
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo
lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. - Residence lt&0
FeU street. Telephone « tma " 2581.
1516
HIRAM COOK
NOT WANTED
Too Honest a Referee to
Suit Long Green and
Lynch.
MORE ABOUT THE BOX
ING CONSPIRACY.
What Julian Will Show by a
Score of Witnesses in Court
To-Morrow.
EVERY TANGLED THREAD WILL
BE UNRAVELED.
More About the Attempt cf the Ex
aminer's Managing Editor to Ball
doze Baseball M n
Evidence is beinj; accumulated every
day proving beyond all doubt that Fitz
simmons was robbed of the $10,000 purse
by a gang of sharpers. The testimony
eiven by Trainers Smith and Allen and by
IViiliani Abbott has been yenned in every
detail as to the job by which it was made
to appear thatShartey was suffering from
a foul blow, and as to the reasons why
Hiram Cook, after having been visited by
Manager Lynch on behalf of Sharkey, was
not selected as referee, and why Long
Green Lawrence's man was accepted above
all the rest on Long Green's recommenda
tion.
The taking of the depositions will be re
sumed to-morrow morniug at 10 o'clock ia
Judge Sanderson's court, and those depo
sitions wili be confined to such witnesses
as may be non-residen-ts and who may in
tend to leave the City. If General Barnes
files his answer to-morrow in the suit
brought by Fitzsimmons to recover tbe
purse the trial will be proceeded with at
once before the court and without a jury,
the case Deinp one in equity and to be de
cided by the Judge.
Judge Sanderson made a remars on the
last day's Be«sion to tbe effect that it was
doubtful whether the case would be tried
at all, and it is believed that he meant to
imply that the matter was outside the
jurisdiction of the court for the reason
that prize-tighting is an offense under the
provisions of the Penal Code prohibiting
"any prize fight or contention without the
use of deadly weapons." But ihis part of
the code has been interpreted by some
lawyers to mean a fight to a finish, and
they argue that the Supervisors had a
right to pass an ordinance allowing them
to issue permits lor "boxing contests" for
a limited number of rounds, tne intention
of the State law being to put a stop to
brutalizing and degrading exhibitions of
two men bruised and bleeding and stag-
Eering with exhaustion for fifty or sixty
rounds in tbe ring.
Colonel Kowal^ky said yesterday that
in order to determine that fact it would
be necessary for the court to hear evidence
anyhow.
Manager Julian and Bob Fitzsimmons
were in good spirits yesterday. They are
confident that they can show up all the
ramifications of tbe conspiracy. Julian
is asking every one he meets why did not
Lynch and Sharkey accept Hiram Cook
when they found that he was a square
man, and why did they select Long Green
Lawrence's bosom companion, a man
known to be a gun fighter and believed to be
able to take care of himself in case of a
row over an unpopular or rank decision,
as Earp's decision was? But no to the
present time he has not received a satis
factory answer.
The manner in which General Barnes
has conducted the case thus far is univer
sally commended. He has not attempted
to take advantage of technicalities, and
seems to be actuated by a desire ;o get at
all the facts in the interest of honest
sport.. If ne continues in this course the
matter can be decided before the end of
this week and the blame can be placed
where it belongs.
In future no glove contest can take
place in this City before a fake club and a
bad man for a referee. The honest sport
ing element will give no countenance to
such affairs, while legitimate clubs before
which such contests take place will insist
that the referee shall be a man of good re
pute and acceptable to them.
Long Green and his man have dealt a
blow to honest sport in San Francisco
from which it will be difficult to recover.
The evldeuce to be presented lo the
court to-morrow will tnrow light upon the
reason why Sharney was kept an hour in
the dressing-room in the Pavilion after
the fight and why Lynch refused to admit
any doctors or reporters to examine the
pugiiist. It is natural to suppose that if
Sharkey had received a foul blow both he
and Lynch would have been only too
willing to have let the whole world ex
amine the injured fighter in order that
there might not be the slightest doubt or
suspicion in the matter.
Explanation will be offered on behalf of
Fitzsimmons as to the motives which
prompted Lynch to order Trainers Smith
and Allen out of Sharkey's room when
Dr. Lee was about to attend the pugilist
and also as to the reason why Sharkey
yelled with rain a few moments later.
It will be shown also on the tesjimonv
X£W TO-DAY.
«v **M W
G)ristmas
-■-- Gifts
jlrocker's
227'POSTJt
217 BUSH St
of credible witnesses that on the evening
of the fight only a few hours before the
men stepped into the ring friends of the
swindlers and conspirators who put in
Wyatt Earp of the Examiner as referee
were given the tip that Sharkey would be
awarded the purse, and that on tb.9
strength of this tip several persons who
had bet on Fitzsimmona went to Corbett's
poolrooms and hedged on Sharkey.
THREATS BY LONG GREEN.
Manager Aschner Refused to Make
a Retraction of the Truth.
Another incident has been unearthed
whjch exposes the disreputable character
of the Examiner and the bulldozing,
threatening tactics resorted to by its man
aging editor, "Long Green" Lawrence,
when Borne truths, outside of prize-fights
and referees, comes to the surface which
reveals its dishonorable methods.
It is baseball this time— the late tourna
ment in which the Pacific Coast champion
ship was won by the Los Angeles Tults-
Lyons, despite all Long Green and the
Examiner could do to prevent.
December 8 The Call published a dis
patch from Los Angeles telling of the
very unfair treatment the Tufts-Lyons
had received from the Examiner, which
showed prejudice in favor of the Alameda
> lens or Nevada Stars winning the pen
nant. It related how the team and all its
friends south of Tehachapi returned home
deeply indignant at the Examiner, and
uttering imprecations upon it. The Ex
aminer arbitrarily ruled out the crack
piicher of the Tufts-Lyons, after the team
had complied with all the rules stipulated
by tbe filth-loving journal, and when the
team's friends called at the editorial de
partment and remonstrated they were
answered next day with additional in
sults.
At a banquet given in honor of the win
ning team at a Los Angeles restaurant
these facts were stated, and the Examiner
was duly "roasted" for its unfair and
partial course.
Morris R. Aschner, connected with the
Los Angeles Herald, is now manager oi
the Tufts-Lyons. He arrived in this City
last Wednesday, and that night happened
to meet Long Green Lawrence about 8/
o'clock on Market street in front of the 1
Paiace Hotel.
Long Green asked Manager Morris R.
Aschner if he had seen the article in The
Call.
Manaeer Aschner replied that he had.
The bulldozing and threatening meth
ods used by the suggester of referees for
crooked prize-fights to secure a repudia
tion of the article and a statement to the
contrary are best told by Mr. Aschner.
He said yesterday:
"I met Mr. Lawrence in front of a store
on Market street, in the Palace Hotel
block, about 8 o'clock (I can tell you the
exact time, it was 8:20) night before last.
He wanted me to make or write a retrac
tion of the treatment the team had re
ceived from the Examiner and send it to
him for publication. I declined to do it.
I was not manager of the team at that
time, but the members of the team
nearly every one of them— and I can give
the names— told me how Harvey haa been
ruled out of the game and of other nnfair
treatment from the Examiner. I believe
them; I may say I know It is so.
"Mr. Lawrence sai*\" Mr. Aschner con
tinued, "that if I did not do that he would
drop the team altogether, intimating that
we would get the worst of it. 1 told him
to drop us if he wanted to. We are not
under the patronage of the Examiner any
more, or Tufts-Lyons, for that matter. I
construed what he said to me as a threat.
1 offered to bet Mr. Lawrence $100 that
Harvey, the pitcher — he was about tbe
only pitcher we had — was under 18 years
of age at the time he was ruled out. Mr.
Lawrence did not bet. In fact he said: 'I
know it. We had made up our minds to
rule him out, and he had to go.' Now,
what do you think of that?"
GANS AND ROCHETTE.
With Ward and Anthony They Will
Entertain Admirers of Boxing
Next Monday Evening.
The New Occidental Club has prepared
a series of boxing contests to take place at
Woodward's Pavilion next Monday even
ing, that wiil attract considerable atten
tion in lecal sportdom.
There are two star events— the first be
tween Jimmy Anthony, the champion
bantam-weight of Australia, and Jack
Ward, of high repute in Eastern boxing
circles, and the second between Joe Gans
and Charley Rochette. Gans was brought
to this city to be matched with Dal Haw
kins, but owing to illness of the latter the
club found it necessary to substitute Ro
chette.
Both Gans and Wed are in training at
Alameda and reported to be in first-class
condition. Rochette is in superb trim
and his backers are confident that he will
win. Little Jimmy Anthony is being
brought into excellent fettle by old Barney
Farley, "the professor."
The two star events will both be of ten
rounds' duration. There will be a "cur
tain-raiser" in a six- round bout between
one of "Professor" Farley's pets and in
all probability Jim Brown. TicKets are
now on sale at Mitchell's and Harry Cor
bett's, the prices being |1, $2 and $2 50, ac
cording to location of seats.
"Young Mitchell" emphasizes the fact
that these contests will be fair deals and
that their being Earped is out of the ques
tion.
LOOKED CROOKED.
A Los Angeles Expert's Opinion of
the Fiuht.
LOS ANGEI.ES, Cal., Dec. 12.— Dr. J.
D. Kennedy, ex-president of tbe athletic
club of this city, and a gentleman of the
highest standing in this community, was
asKed this afternoon what he thought of
Sharkey's claim of a foul in his late fight
with Fitzsimmons, Dr. Kennedy's reply
was:
"What do I think of the Fitzslmmons-
Sharlcey controversy? Well, I gave my
opinion a wees before the contest, and
that was that the issue depended greatly
on the selection of a competent referee
and 1 have had no reason to change my
mind.
"To me it looks crooked, and I think
any fair-minded man who knows any
thing about boxing will agree with me
that Fitzsimmons had the contest we.l in
hand, and was an unquestionable winner
when the cry of 'loui' arose; and that
Fitzsimmons, with the natural advantage
of height and reach, his past ring record,
his superiority as a boxer, and the fact
that be had his man going, would delib
erately loul him as claimed is simply an
absurdity, and evidence is being produced
that proves that I am right.
"I think one or two men clubs nave had
their funeral, and that in the future these
contests will be controlled by responsible
organizations incorporated tinder State
laws. You must consider tne public, as
they support and encourage these exhibi
tions, and the public is tired of supporting
these contests that savor of a job."
Tbe Queen's Devotion*.
Her Majesty Liliuokalani, ex-Queen of the
Hawaiian Islands, will attend divine service
at 11 a. M. to-day at Trinity Church, corner of
Bush and Gough streets, Rev. Dr. Walk pastor.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market St., S, F. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
THE POOR MAY EAT
ON CHRISTMAS
Salvation Army Leaders
Are Preparing a Great
Dinner.
More People Will Be Fed Here
Than at Any Previous
Holiday.
An Encouraging Report of the Social
Work of the Army for the
Past Year.
The Safvation Army of this City will
give a great Christmas dinner for tne
benefit of the poor and needy.
The place where the good things will be
provided for those who have not often had
the opportunity to eat a good dinner dur
ing 1896 has not yet been selected, but
the leaders of the army will choose the
location in a few days. It wiil be central
and commodious.
"We are meeting with good encourage
ment everywhere," said the captain yi
charge' yesterday, "and people of means
are beginning to see that oar work does a
great deal of good, that our charity
reaches the really needy. For this reason
we are trusted and our work encouraged.
We still need aid, however, and any who
desire to contribute may send us money,
addressing it to our headquarters, 1139
Market street."
In the past the Salvation Army have
probably done mure for the poor here than
any other society, and they are ambitious
to make their dinner this year the biggest
success they have ever had. All the lieu
tenants and their assistants are busy,
working throughout the City, asking here
and there for the mites that people can
afford.
Thousands of letters have been sent
to the army's friends and to the public at
large. The letter is a typical one, and
shows not only what the army intends to
do Christmas, but what it has been doing
for the year:
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 10, 1896.
Dear Friend— We beg to submit herewith a
summary ol the work accomplished by the so
cial branch of the Salvation Army for "the year
ending November 30, 1896.
We also wish to outline to you our plans for
the cominsr year.
First— We have just started a co-operative
farm for the benetit of men discharged from
prison and for young men who have been so
unfortunate as to fall into the hanas of the
police, where they can be sent in lieu of beine
sent to jail.
At the farm they work to support themselves
and make the place selt-supportinß, as the
army's idea is that every man should support
himself.
Second —We are endeavoring to found a
hospital where the self-respecting poor can
have tirst-class medical treatmentand nursing
at such rates as the working people can afford.
By this means we know that many will be pre
vented from becoming chronic invalids or
paupers.
Third— We are arranging to give our annual
Christmas dinner to poor men, women and
children, so that Christmas may become a day
of gladness to hundreds who would otherwise
be left desolate ; we therefore earnestly solicit
your help in the carrying out of these plans.
Inclosed please find a card on which you can
siate to what object you want your contribu
tion applied.
When collectors call please ask for their
authority and take a receipt for your gift
Praying that God will biess you and yours
according to the riches of his grace, believe
me to remain yours to help the hopeless,
J. Keppel, Brigadier,
Joe R. McFee, Social Secretary.
In addition to this letter thousands of
Christmas cards like the following have
Deen sent to the philanthropically in
clined:
In connection with the Christmas dinner
the army is sending out full reports ol its
work during (he past year. The follow
ing is a summary of its work :
Children's Home — Seventy-lour children
sheltered. Aged 2to 13 yeers. Average time
In the borne seven and one-hali months. Thir
ty-two were free.
Women's Shelter— Supplied 4079 beds, 10,
-883 meals, 783 pieces of clolhing. Employ
ment was found for 163 women.
Relief work-
Supplied 10,077 pieces of clothing,
$2,681 75
Food, value 2,154 05
New shoes, i 49 pairs, value 152 80
Second-hand shoes, 1480 pairs,
value 383 95
319 old, sick and feeble people as
sisted with cash 1,36140 I
Transportation, rent, new clothing,
Christmas dinner and miscellan
eous relief (casn) 2,953 00
Prison work —
Ex-convicts assisted'to destination.. 29
Ex-convicts iound employment for. . 11
Missing relatives lound 31
Newspapers and books sent to ho»pi
tals and jails 125,000
War Cries sent to hospitals and jails. 98,000
Meetings —
He.d in prisons 247
Attendance 9,7:-$7
Converts 78
Held in hospitals 157
Attendance -. 12,585
Converts 14
Men's food and shelter depot —
Total number of beds furnished 56,602
Total number of meals furnished 15,007
Total number of days' work fur
nished 2.713
Number of beds given free 2|730
Number of pieces of clothing given.. 1,118
Nuuiocrof meals given free 3,000
Number of meetings held 284
Number of converts 231
Brigadier-General J. J. Keppel has just
issued the following address apropos of
the dinner now under preparation:
Christmas has been a day of rejoicing ever
since that all-important event when the
angels sang, "Fear not; for, behold, I bring
you good tidings of great icy, which shall be
to all people. For unto you is born this day,
In the city of David, a savior, which is Christ,
the Lord."
Ever since that time, in all Christian conn
tries, men have laid aside more or less ranks
and creeds on a common platform. And those
who have been fortunate enough to secure a
goo i portion, of the good things of this world
have met their less fortunate brethren and en
deavored to make them forge.t for that day at
least their misfortunes.
This has been done in various countries ac
cording to their customs and accompanying
circumstances, but has always taken on more
or less the character of administering to the
material comforts of those participating.
To the children of the rich, through St.
Nicholas, Christmas means a day which would
bring to them the riches and good things they
had long anticipated. On the other hand, to
the children of the poor St. Nicholas is known
by name only, except as some warm-hearted
friend occasionally sends in tne thing they
most need. Often it takes but little to make
Christmas a red-letter day in the life of one of
these unfortunates. I remember the case of a
lady, who had spent her former Christmas
days mid all the sumptuousness of the ducal
paiace. The next was spent on a barren rock,
with no worldly comforts, and with no shelter
to protect her from the furies of the storm.
Yet through a single act «f kindness it was
made the happiest of her life.
It was brought about by the presentation of
a single albatross egg, the only remaining one
of a store laid by to be used as a delicacy in
the event oi sickness*.
In the history of the Salvation Army many
such incidents have taken place where some
very insignificant thins has brought great joy
into the life of some needy one. This has
been especially the case in San Francisco
where the army has won the name of almoners
for the rich. When this distinction was first
conferred upoii them in San Francisco the
public would not believe their declaration
that a thousand poor men would be in need of
a Christmas dinner. Yet when dinner was
served twelve hundred sat down to it, and to
their utter amazemunt ttiree sons of million
aires were pointed out to them, and many
others who had been crauled in the lap ol
luxury, gome of the.-^e men who ate this din
ner declared it wus the first warm meal they
had eaten for months.
The next Christmas 2200 men were enter
tained, and a permanent food and shelter
depot opened where men could get a good
meal or bed for 5 cents.
The following Christmas was a monster
demonstration, 3300 men, women and chil
dren being provided for, and 2600 children
found themselves reveling In all the wealth of
toys, candies and other good things; and for
four months afterward a Christmas tree was
provided that furnished the poor and needy
with clothes, food and fueL
Each succeeding Christmas has found the
Salvation Army feeding thousands of men,
women and children, and adding some perma
nent feature for the welfare of the poor of this
City, so that now the Salvation Army has a
men's shelter, a women's shelter, a children's
home and a farm or home for ex-convicts.
It is very probable ihat the dinner this
year will" excel any ever given and that
more people will be fed by the Army on
that day tnan ever before in this City*
TERRILL'S CONTEST.
He Ssya He Defeated Sidney Hall for
State Senator.
John G. Terrill has filed a contest to the
election of Sidney Hall to the office of
State Senator for the Twenty-third Sena
torial District.
The allegations of the complaint are to
the effect that there were many irregulari
ties in the receiving and canvassing of
votes throughout the district, it is set
forth that the election officers and
clerks were guilty of misconduct in mark
ing ballots, so that secrecy was destroyed,
in counting Terrill's votes for Hall, in
becoming intoxicated to such an extent
that they were unable to properly perform
their duties, and in doing many other
things of like character.
According to the figures submitted by
Mr. Terrill he ought to be elected by 1000
plurality. Testimony in the case will be
heard by Justices of the Peace Barry and
Cook.
Another contest to Mr. Hall's right to
the seat for tbe Twenty-third Senatorial
District is already pending, the plaintiff
in that case being M. J. Welch, in which
the same Justices will take testimony' for
the information of the State Senate, where
the matter must be atlar-st decided.
A MOVABLE BEDROOM.
William Gould Ask t Damages for a Fall
From a Merced Kiver Bridge.
The first suit against the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Railroad. Company for
personal injuries has been filed in this
City. William Gould asks for $20,000
damages, and for cause of action alleges
that on the 14th of last May he went into
a sleeping-car or caboose supplied by the
company for the use of employes near tne
Merced River and that after he had re
tired the caboose was run out on a bridge
over the river without his knowledge;
that during the night he started from the
oar to get a pail of water and not knowing
of the change of the caboose stepped from
the caboose to the ground £clow, a dis
tance of forty feet. He fears that the acci
dent has incapacitated him for work and
he demands $20,000 as compensation.
* — ♦ •
-V ore Unfortunate Children.
Mrs. Margaret Patterson, who has been living
on Gussel place, off First street, between
Harrison and Bryant, was arrested yesterday
by Officer Holbrook of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. She has two
children, the youngest being 3 years and the
other 7 years. When Officer Holbrook visited
the house yesterday the 3-year-old cnild was
out on the street in the rain nearly naked.
Under the mother's pillow on her bed was
found a bottle of whisky. Mr. Holbrook waited
some minutes and the mother came in with a
full "growler." The children were badly neg
lected and had been alone some time. Officer
Holbrook arrested Mrs. Patterson and ar
ranged to put the little ones under the care of
the Ladies' Protection and Relief Society.
: : . '' '. 'HEW TO-DAY.:- ' . -'r , ; "
HiiiTslSlii!
J. SAMUELS,
104, 106 and 108 Kearny Street, '
FOR THE HOLIDAYS! ■
THE BEST VALUES EVER OFFERED!
)<ri- ; SILKa sixl.:e3js:. ■; •
Our Regular 75c BLACK SILK BROCADE.."... ..;;...' * '"'at 50c a yard
Best Quality CHANGEABLE RUSTLING TAFFETA SILK . " '........ .at 65c a yard
CHANGEABLE GLORIA SILK .V. . . . . . '. ........ . . . . . . . ....:.. . . . . . . . ; .at 25c a yard
■ ■ DRESS GOODS. '
Elegant Ail-Wool and Silk-and-Wool Dress Suits at $3 50, $4 50 and *5 25 a fall pattern.
The Best and Most Stylish Dress Materials at 50c a yard ever sold at the price in this
,'■ city. ■■■■', ';' ■•''■"' v-} . i '.-- "' ■•*' " - ■, "».''"•-'
DOMESTICS.
" Blanlcets, Table Linens, Towels, Napkins, and every article in this department, at
the very lowest price. .'-' " *
.BARGAINS IN UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY. - ;' ;
hanokjerchhsfs.
A Very Large and Beautiful Assortment of Embroidered Handkerchiefs at - 12% c,
15c, 20c and 25c each. 'v. ' - , : : : :^r'~'.:: T r:;;. '■-
Gents' Silk Initialed Handkerchief-* at 25c each. r
Z£.XX> GLOVES.
EVERYTHING THAT IS NEW AND STYLISH JUST RECEIVED.
DON'T MISS; A. CrOOD OHANOB I '\ 5
CA-Ljlj A.NZD CONVINOB3 = YOURSELVES I
J. SAMUELS. 104, 106 AND 103 REACT STREET.
LOCKJAW CAUSED
FISHER'S DEATH
A Plumber Scratched While
Working in China
town.
The Disease Gained Such a Hold
That All Remedies Were
Useless.
Dr. Brune Used tbe Antitoxic Treat*
ment Without Avail — He Died
in Great Agony,
Bernhard F. Fisher, a plumber, who
lived at 1163 Mission street, died yesterday
morning of lockjaw contracted in a most
remarkable manner.
He was employed to do some plumbing
work in Chinatown early last week, and
while connecting some t>ipe that had
previously been used, scratched his right
hand slightly.
Such occurrences were nothing new to
him, and he paid little attention to the
wound. The next day the scratch was
slightly inflamed, but he kept at work and
felt no particularly bad results until last
Wednesday, when his neck began to stiffen
and his jaws to swell, ana he was com
pelled to remain at nome.
Dr. A. E. Brune of 1104 Market street,
was called on Friday to see him, and at
once pronounced it a case of tetanus,
whicn is the scientific name for lockjaw.
Everything posible was done for the
unfortunate man, but the bacilli of the
terrible disease had worked thoroughly
into ids system and he died yesterday in
terrible agony.
Dr. Brune said last evening that it was
one of the most remarkable cases that had
ever come under his observation.
"Tetanus from any cause is an uncom
mon disease," he continued, "but this is
even more extraordinary.
"As a usual thing, tetanns, which is al
most invariably fatal, is contracted from
a wound in the foot. The germs of the
disease are iound, in a large majority of
instances, in the ground, and usually get
into the system by the patient stepping
on a rusty nail that has been lying long in
contact with the earth. It is prevalent in
the East Indies, where many children
who are allowed to play about when very
young contract it.
"In Fisher's case, however, it came
from an insignificant wound in the hand
and had obtained such a hold on him that
there was no remedy that would check it.
His jaws were set when I first saw him.
1 applied the anti-toxic treatment for tet
anus as soon as I saw from the swellings
of his jaws that it was a true case of lock
jaw, but there was no apparent relief and
he died.
"This is the first case that has come
under my notice of a man dying from
tetanus caused by so slight a wound."
WIRT SEEKS A MANDATE.
To Compel the Governor to Same Two,
'Police Com vii 88 i oners.
N. S. Wirt, an attorney, seeks to reopen
the question concerning the power of the
Governor to remove the Board of Police
Commissioners from office. This question
was supposed to hare been settled by the
Supreme Court in the contest between
Menzies and Gunst, but Mr. Wirt has peti
tioned the Supreme Court for a writ of
mandate, directed against Governor Budd,
to bring about the removal of Police Com
missioners Alvord and To bin, and the ap
pointment by the Governor of two others
to fill the vacancies thus to be occasioned.
Tn his petition Mr. W irt alleges that
William Alvord and Robert J. Tobin were
appointed as Police Commissioners April
9, 1878, by the Judges of the Fourth,
Twelfth and Fifteenth Judicial districts;
that they failed to take oath or qualify
after their appointments within the time
required by law, and did not, in fact,
qualify until May 5, 1885; that they held
office without title and were, usurpers;
that they were appointed Police Commis
sioners by Governor Waterman July 11,
1890, for the term of four years, and that
they qualified July 17, 1890; but after their
terms had expired they were not appointed
and the offices have been vacant since July
11, 1894. For these reasons a writ of man
date is asked for commanding Governor
Budd "to appoint two reputable citizens
to fill the vacancy in the office now occu
nied and unlawfully held by said Alvord
and Tobin."
Dr. C. W. Hibbard Injured.
Dr. C. W. Hibbard met with an unfortunate
accident Friday night. He had been attend
ing the horse show, and going home boarded
a Sutter-street car. At the intersection of
Polk and Sutler streets the car struck the
"bumper," and Dr. Hiboard, who was sitting
on the rear seat of the dummy, was thrown
backward with sufficient force to break his
collarbone. He was assisted home by the
company's physician, and the bone set with
the assistance of Drs. Satter and Taylor. None
otthe other passengers were injured.
Piano and banquet lamps, silk shades and
onyx tables, splendid presents. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. •
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
NEW GOODS N
FOR
Holiday
Presents.
AN ELEGANT ASSORTMENT
Lowest Prices.
Linen Handkerchiefs, Silk Handkerchiefs,
Lace Scarfs, Novelty Dress Goods,
Silk Umbrellas, Lace Bed Sets,
Down Comforters, Silk Neckwear,
Fancy Aprons, Initialed Handkerchiefs, j
Feather Scarfs, Down Pillows,
Black Silks, Novelty Black Goods,
Fancy Ribbons, Ladies' Neckwear,
Silk Skirts, Sflk Hosiery,
Fine Blankets, Gents' Silk Mufflers,
Fur Boas, Linen Lunch Sets,
Ladies' and Gents' Kid Gloves.
Our Customers should not fail to take early advan-
tage of the EXTRAORDINARY VALUES we are offering
in above goods.
TELEPHONE GKR-AKTT 184.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
LEVIN BROS.
LEADING GROCERS.
SPECIAL SALE FOR NEXT WEEK!
TABLE WINES BOTTLED.
ZII»FANDEIi (1891) vintage Pints 82.00
Pearl Vineyard. Napa Co. Quarts S 5.75
CLARET (1891) vintage Pearl , Pints *1. 75
Vineyard, Napa Co. I Quarts $2.25
BEISLING, Fine Tart (1891), ■ Pints 53. 25«
Pearl Vineyard. Napa Co. Quarts 53. 00
SAUTEBNE, Tart or Sweet Pints S3. 5O
(1891), best California Wines. Quarts 53.75
SILVERWARE DEPARTMENT.
Received a full line of QUADRUPLE HEAVY
PLATE SILVERWARE. Suitable Holiday pres-
ents at BEDROCK CHICKS. >.'
CHOCOLATE AND COCOAS.
QHIRABDELLI'S 3-pound tin Eagle ' RZJG
■-■: Ground Chocolate .•......;. ,',- Ui»
BAKER'S, MINER'S, GHIRARDEL- 9A C
' - LI'S l-pouni cake Eagle Chocolate.. t-^J
BREAKFAST COCOA — BAKER'S, OAC
i MINER'a.GHIRARDELLI'S $ can. ±*\J
CHUTNEYS. •
NUJEEB KAHN A C 0.," Calcutta Pints 35c
- Sweet and Tart Chntneys,.... ......Quarts 50c
Regular 50c and 76c. .
LARD. I % ':; : * . ''.)
10- POUND CAN, No. 1 LEAF LARD. OCC
CJ6ARS FOR HOLIDAY PRESENTS.
iv AT FACTORY PRICKS.
RENOWN, New YorK. 6Oin b0x.;........ .81.85
RUSTICANA, New York, 100 In b0x...... 3.75
LORRAINE,. Key West, 50 in b0x......... 3.25
LA TROPIA. Key West, 50 in b0x........ 58. 50
ATTRACTION, New York, 60 in box. . 1.65
RKD CROSS, Havana filler, 50 in b0x..... 9t)c
TENDERLOIN, Havana filler, 50 in box.. 85c
CUBA BEAUTIKS. Eastern, 25 in box — 75c
BWKET CECILIA, Havana f111er,25 In box 6Oc
COVE OYSTERS.
GOLD MEDAL BRAND, 1 lb., 3 f0r... ...... 0re
FARRENS' V BRAND, 2 lbs., 3f0r.........CQ0
1 lb., dot, 95c: 21b.; do*., $1 8a ,
SWEET APPLE~~cIDER. ,
MOTTB' NEW YORK, ga110n.....:... ..'..V.^CC
NEW JERSEY, 1-quart bottle ..........T CO
BID WELL'S BOILED CIDER, for mince- O'C
meats, quarts. : .*:.". ...... : v ;. — .....AO
PETITS 1 POIS. ~
SIGNATURE BRAND, Hlckmott, best • re
pack in California, dozen $1 75 r 11l
"■,.;,»,...v.:....^.,....».........,M,...;; Can.
BUTTER. •:
CREAMERY SQUARES, 35c, 3 f0r...... fij»l .00*
" tJDI
SHORE MESS MACKEREL.
CRYSTAL WAVE BRAND, finest pack, QCC
- , ; la cans, largest size, no head nor tail, ' »/O
regular $1 i8.........'....V..:... ....... Can. : .
'titf- Telephone South 398. ..
: Mall orders receive prompt attention.
' We ship free of charge within 100 miles.
Bend for our Christmas Catalogue. - -
1324-1326 Market Street,
add 134 Sixth Street. ,;
■ ■ ■ ' ■ - • '* ■ '-*■..■
FINE CARPET INGS,
ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
RICH FURNITURE!
We are now receiving new
lines of Carpetings, Furniture,
Upholstery Goods and Novelties
in new designs at reasonable
prices. -"• ' ■'.'".'
■:• Agents fo r John Crossley &' Son's English
Carpet ings. . _, -
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
ISOI TO 1307 MARKET STREET,
CORNER NINTH.
HOLIDAY
GIFTS 1
X THAT DO NOT COST MUCH. 8
V A Big Consignment of . V
Yj Fancy Parlor Pieces, yf
Reception, Corner and
_. Easy Chairs,
fr Parlor Tables, »
0 t Music Cabinets, T
0 Onyx Pedestals, 0
D Book Cases, Etc. ft
S Imported Expressly for Our 11
New Building at Prices ft
. Lower Than Ever,
jar open EVENINGS.
LOW PRICES.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
s 233, 235, 237, 239 POST STREET, ;
. . ; NEAR STOCKTON. ■< Aj : -
GOOD THINGS
Are few. and far between. If we
can't gratify your tastes we don't expect
to catch your trade. But we know our
prices are right, and we have the goods,
and lots of them, too. We have too many I J
bargains to begin to enumerate. We carry >
everything needed in a home and we Mil ' '
on ,;.
EASY TIME PAYMENTS OR CASH.
LARGEST STOCK. LARGEST STORE,
LOWEST PRICES, EASIEST TERMS.
Furniture, Stoves,
.'_: Carpets, Blankets,
Bedding, Lace Curtains.
WE KEEP EVERYTHING.
J. NOONAN,
.'lOl7-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
, " Above Sixth.
516-518-520-522-Miuna st.
*'*£. ~~ ' - '" Open Evenings.* .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
7* £RILL
the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL, j
'■: Direct Entrance from Market St.
■ OPJCM VXTIU MII>N..HT
jREiVIoyAL: NOTICE.
moved their office, from iteli'i? r »"
HoteL 31U and 313 Parrott hin» opp - bUl *-
HoteL Tel. south 103. Wdg - op P" »»Ulwiaytf"T* HERE is a wonderful renewal of re-
W I licious enthusiasm down in the Latin
' quarter. It is said that the Sunday
no ils are so crowded that one has to go
cany to get standing room, and some of
the teachers are thinking of resigning on
account of the number in their cla><es.
The children are singing sonss and learn
ing to recite, and are taking part, heart
and soul, and getting ready for the Christ
mas entertainment.
This is a strange thing, and I looked up
DIAMONDS THAT GLEAM IN THE DUST
J^lirtk ar\d Misery ir\ the ShadoW of Jelegrapk JH III — Ar\
Excursion irv tke Latirv Quarter
at the young lady who was busily hanging
decorations for the coining festivities. "Is
it on account of t lie efforts of the Salva
tion Army or—" •
"Oh, no! it's on account of the Christ
mas tree," she said. She laid down her
hammer and sat on a rung of the ladder.
"La:-.t year when they came I was so en
thusiastic I nearly made myself sick work
ing with them. And they aid well on the
night of the entertainment, and they had
a good time with nuts and candies and
presents. The next Sunday after Christ
mas I came back ready to work again, and
found — A Jarger number? No, indeed,
one little girl, and she was there because
she dad been sick the night of tne enter
tainment and she thought we might have
saved her candy and presents for her."
She ciimbed up and went to work again.
"Oh, no; we don't get discouraged.
They crowd in again in the springtime,
you know."
"In the springtime?"
"Yes." She looked down over her
shoulder. "T.iat's the time for tbe Sun
day-school picnics. Come and visit us,"
she called as I went out of the door.
And here I am on Broadway, with its
rows of saioons and odd-looking shops,
its dark alleys leading to nowhere or to
darker ones, where no atray sunbeams
ever shine. Children ! They seemed to
spring out of the earth. They darted in
and out of alleys and almost under one's
fee t. They crowded the steps of the sa
loons and doorways of tne houses, tor
mented passers-h}', hung on to passing
wagons and my heart btood still lest they
should be trampled by the horses or
crushed under the wheels. But before
one has gone a block he will learn that
to the child of the Latin quarter "fear" is
an unknown word.
A woman stood in the doorway of a
house. The sun was warm, but she had a
shawl wrapped about her and in her eyes
there was a look of misery as of some wild
animal driven to bay. She was watching
two little dark-eyed babes intent on their
play.
"Yours?" I asked.
The dark face grew hard and she drew
the shawl closer and shivered.
She sbook her head. "Four— all gone!"
said she, and pointed to the ground be
neath our feet. Four, and all gone, and
the mother-love eating her life away. 1
looked back. There were other women in
tent on work or gossiping idly or shrilly
scolding the little ones. Bui that first
figure stood where I had left her watching
and Jon gin?.
Further on a little one with brown eyes
and golden curls sat in the sunshine on
the low steps of a grogshop. A woman
came out when 1 began to speak. She had
been drinking and she caught the child in
her arms ?.nd looked at me.
"How pretty she is !" 1 remarked.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
ure — > / I
The woman, still young, still with the
marks of some beamy about her, smiled.
"Does sne look most like you or her
father?"
Khe laughed heartil >• nr. that.
"It's nobody's child," she said, "so I'm
both father and mother." And she went
in again and closed the door.
Pacific street seemed dingier and darker,
and the alleys more gloomy. A few men
skulked in and out of the latter, and a iew
women peered forth curious'y. But the
children were still numerous, basking out
in the sun like so many little alligators.
A crowd of girl 3 were quarreling on the
curbing. "Her stole one of my Sunday
school cards," cried one, with hair that
puts the sun to shame, turning ncr blue
eyes to my face. The other looked up, her
black eyes flashing.
"I don't steal," she snapped.
"I've been to all the m ssious and you
haven't, and you did steal it."
The daughter of Italy jumped to her
little feet, and, grasping the other's hair
in her little brown hands, she gave two
vicious pulls and then fled down the alley.
The other child never moved a muscle,
X
Daughter of the Sunshine, sweetheart of the Sea*
Playmate of the West-wind, God is good to thee,
Giving thee the love-right to this noble three.
Chemist, thou, or perfumes; wearer, thou, of flowers;
Dreamier but of love-dreams, builder, too, of bowers;
Heater of all heart-aches, wondrous are thy powers. ,
M
Thine the wealth of gold-mines, thine tTie yfeld of grain
Vineyards on thy hill-side, orchards on thy plain
Mine and mill and wine-press, multiply thy gain.
but sat staring at the place where her en
emy had disappeared.
"Didn't she hurt you?"
Gravely she shook her head. "Her's
too mean to hurt," she said.
A little girl, whose frail form bent be
neath a heavy load of wood, came toiling
up the hill. Half way up she paused and
cau slit her breath.
"Isn't that too heavy?"
She raised her big eyes to mine, and
then drew back and dropped her head,
and her sweet face flushed with bashful
ness. Just then three boys came down
the hill. Between them they had a dog,
and the dispute over his possession waxed
loud and furious.
"He's mine!" shouted one, "and I'll
have him, too!"
The little girl had started on again.
Suddenly the boys noticed her.
"Say, fellers, there's Em and the wood."
And, then, suddenly freed, the dog went
bounding down the hill forgotten, and
the boys had snatched the load of wood
and started up the hill on a run. The
little girl followed as fast as possible.
Half way up the next hill they hurried,
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP OF BARBARY COAST.
I ' /
ST.
Painter, thou, of sky-scenes; sculptor, too, sublime,
Making forms in cloud-rifts— just at even tithe;
Gilder, too, of snow-peaks, where the dawn 'lights climb.
■
TT
I inger, thou, of brook-songs— music, too, Is thine }
Player, thou, of wind-harps, hid in groves of pine ;
Warbler, too, of bird-trills., melodies divine. . ,
STL.
> Poet, thou, and bard-like, readest thou the lays,
Writ of men, who, god-like, braved the wildest ways
Sharers, they* for all-time, of thy deathless bays.
and then they threw the wood up the
steep steps of a tenement house and went
their way. And I saw the girl go up the
steps and carry the wood into the house.
Primitive gallantry ? Yes; but real.
In the shadow of Telegraph Hill sat a
busy crowd of lads. As I walked toward
them one shouted, "Say! Any streets
named # after you?'' Then he laughed. He
had ou an old blue cap, and it was set way
back upon a head of golden curls that
looked like a rebellious halo. His features
were good and his face had once been
clean. I should like to have seen him tbat
once.
"We're coing to have a feed."
"You are?"
"You bet! A chicken feast right here in
these wood?."
The rumble of the rock wagons, the
steam whistles, the noise of the City and
the sounds of adjacent machinery, as well
as the absence of all trees, made me smile.
The woods were God's flist temples!
I wondered what Mr. Bryant would
have thought had he stood there. Still
the boys looked so serious that I deter
mined to imagine myseif —
In the darkling woods
Amid tbe cool and silence.
"How do you have your feast?"
"Well, we build a bonfire and each fellow
has his chicken and some bread and salt.
Then we pull the featners off the chicken
and roast 'em."
"Don't you c can them ?"
A look of surprise went round. "Course
not — that's too much work for nothing."
"We have clambakes, too!" spoke up
another boy. "They're great. You ought
to come some time."
"Here comes Bob," somebody shouted.
"Do you know Sodawater Bob?" nsked
the first speaker. "No? Well, he's all
right ! He's got a job and earns lots of
stuff. Then he treats, and we fellows all
treat square."
"Sodawater Bob," a small boy with a
pleasant face and big cuffs seemed to be a
great favorite. He wouldn't sit down.
"Got to hurry back, fellows," he said,
"earning money for Christmas."
"What are you going to do with it?"
asked I. "Buy presents for my grand
mother and my little brother," he an
swered. "Then I'm going to treat the fel
lows a little, too." He turned to go and I
walked alone with him.
"They're good fellows," he said, "only
tliey haven't got jpbs."
"Do they want to work?"
"Most of them do. All the others look
up to you when you're earning money."
Then Bob walked off up the street.
The sun was setting. The few fleecy
clouds that hovered above Telegraph Hill
were taking on a hint of tbe dying day.
An old man stood in a doorway:
"Been walking far?" he asked. "Talk
ing to the children? Well there are plenty
of them, and they're not bad if they're
kept out of mischief." I looked up at the
tall hill, in the shadow of which is all tliis
wretchedness and misery. At the top,
standing clear against the sunset sky, now
kindled with beauty, towered the large
castle which crowns the hill. Below were
strewn the hovels of the poor. But I saw
that in tho side nf the hill stops were cut,
hewn out of the hard stone — steps that
led almost to the summit. A woman was
passing. In her hand she carried a
pitcher.
"Will you tell me who made those
steps?" I asked. She looked at them.
"The good-for-nothing boys," she said,
and went her way.
On Pacific street and Broadway the
lignts were beginning to gleam. Men
and women were passing on the streets
and the children were hurrying to their
homes. But did not they carry a little of
the sunlight in which they had been play
ing into the dark alleys and tbe miserable
homes?
Then I thought of the steps that led up
to the pure air, and even up to where the
beauty of the suruet still lingered. And i
prayed that the children who hewed those
steps up the rocky height would hew
their way likewise in time, and in spite of
these early environments, up the hard
heights of life, even to the summit.
Jean Mobbib.
17no_text18
STARTLING REVELATIONS IN A STRANGE NEW LONDON CLUB
LONDON. Eng., Dec. I.— Far be it from
me to condone Mrs. Whitehat's attitude
in regard to one of the momentous ques
tions of the day; far be it from me to en
courace her indifference, her flippancy
and disrespect toward one of the most use
ful and one of the most serious clubs for
women in London. Mrs. Whitehat's char
acter shows an appalling lack of those
severe virtues that make the worthy
women of tbe New Age Club so justly, so
universally revered.
It is the i rerogative of schoolgirls and
Americans to laugh at everything, even
the grave and intellectual subjects so
learnedly treated by various members.
Such levity cannot be too sternly con
demned; a sense of humor should be dis
carded in the entry with overshoes and
umbrellas.
In the first place the inappropriatsness
of her costume was shocking. Instead of
a simple masculine garb and a knock
about hat, worn with the careless, uncon
scious grace with which an animal wears
his fur, Mrs. Whitehat had attired herself
with her usual delighted attention to de
tail and that s< nse of enjoyment and suc
cess which might well be the result of
nobler employments.
"I would not," she remarked, fastening
her opera cape, "look like a 'frump' to
oblige the Queen herself!" Her gown was—
I hate to confess it— made in the very
latest fashion and had a most audible rus
tle and quite a flutter of silk and lace and
ribbons about it.
One of the regulations of the club and a
most admirable regulation is thai bonnets
must be removed during dinner. Mrs.
Whitehat expressed a most unnatural re
luctance to remove the wreath of roses,
which she dignified by the name of a bon
net, and said, with indignant scorn: "How
stupid I It's so much more becoming on
my head than off!" Becoming! Such a
word in this high piace, where vanity is
not!
Fortunately she was not overheard save
by a most minute and dejee'ed male door
keeper, aged 8, who regarded her with a
kind of melancholy approval.
"I smell a faint, far smell," she added,
"as of the festive cauliflower!"
With agony in my heart we swept into
the dining-room — that is, Mrs. Whitehat
did all the sweeping. I tried to slide in
unobtrusively, feeling that her presence
was a hideous mistake. It was an impres
sive scene. A number of tne club mem
bers were seated at a long table; they
each of them had a book or a magazine
propped up before <hem and they read
with an expression of deep absorption.
FAMOUS NATURAL BRIDGE AS IT IS
"That is where they let down ihe rope
to the boy. He jumped from that little
ledge you see way up there — that bird just
flew past it — and caught the rope as it
swung toward him."
We looked up, stretching our heads back
until our necks ached.
'Is that story really true?"
'The old settlers around here say so.
The boy was a student from Washington-
End-Lee, which is not very far from here.
Of course, the account oi the feat, usiially
found in fifth readers, is a good deal ex
aggerated. There was no crowd watching
while he climbed, as the story says; only
a few of his friends were with Lim; but it
is true that a boy really did climb nearly
to the top of the bridge. You see that
ledge up there almost under the arch?
When he reached that place he could
climb no furiher on account of the arch
ing over the 'brid.e. Then they say he
looked back to Fee how to climb down
again. You know it's a fact that you can
climb no much easier than down." There
may be a deeper significance to those
word?, 1 thoucht.
"When you look downward everything
appears to be smoother. So there the boy
hung, nearly 200 feet from the ground,
unable to move one «vay or the other."
We looked again up to that tiny projec
tion ; not much bigger than the bowl of a
spoon, it wemed from thttt great distance.
It was awlnl. Later, when we went to the
top of the bridge, we looked down; it was
frightful.
We were standing under the shadow of
that fearful monument of the Builder who
knows no limits, the bridge whose walls
are mountains, and whose buttresses are
peaks, says a writer in the Atlanta Jour
nal. The ravine is so deep the sun shines
in only about noon. And all this mag
nificence cf architecture royally thrown
away on a mere wading stream ! Its fish
no bigger than minnows. But the Build
er's quarry, likewise, knows no limits.
The approach to the bridge is by a nar
row, tortuous, rapidly descending path.
A small stream tumbles down the moun
tain beside us all the way. The deep foli
age of the trees keeps U3 hidden from a
view of the bridge, until a sharp turn to
the right suddenly brings us up almost
under it.
But the fim sight, perhaps, is a little
disappointing. The mind has to take
time to adjust itself to these enormous
dimension?. As we approach it, at length
stand just under the bridge itself, and look
upward, perhaps even then we are still a
little disappointed, until suddenly we are
startled by a faint-crying flock of swallows
flying under the bridge; then we begin to
comprehend its dizzy altitude.
Tlie approach is not so impressive as the
opposite view on account of the dipping
of the arch on that side. To walk 100 feet
further on, passing under the bridge, and
then look back at it, one catches tbe curves
of its enormous convexity and the lift of
Its span. On this side also the two moun
tains that buttress the bridge rapidly rise
for some distance further on; conse
quently the ravine wails are much higher.
All these things combine to make the lat
ter view of the bridge very impressive.
Cathedral wall, nearly 300 feet high,
straight as the aide of a house, buttressed
and turreted, towers up on one side.
Across the ravine from it, overhanging
the abyss below, is a Jittie ledge of rock
not ten feet square, Pulpit Rock. Here
one may stand and look below— if he can
and try to realize the honor of that boy
when ne : 'caucht the faint echoes of the
people beneath him shoutiug to hikn to
jump for the rope." In an old Virginia
history there is a statement that when the
boy was drawn up his hair bad turned
white.
Nothing grovg ("own the sides of this
ravine. It is all rock, solid and ghostly.
If one were to slip he would strike against
nothing on his way until he struct the
ground. There is scarcely place lor a bird
to alight How did the boy climb It?
The story goes that he had a knife and
cut footholes between the rock rims.
And ii is narrow, that little silver run
ning ravine, just room enough for its
broofc and a footpath besile it. It is nar
row and cold under the shadow of these
sternal ramparts. When birds fly down
into it they merely drop; there is not
room to use their wings. They spread
them out to break the fall and drop down
They seemed to regard dining as a sort of
mechanical assistance to literature, ami
exhibited that superiorify to the material
satisfaction of the baser appetites it has
always been my fervently economic hope
to acquire.
Mrs. Whitehat greeted our hostess with
almost florid effusion and flashed her
smiles upon every one with quite bewilder
ing impartiality. Her eyes immediately
attached themselves to a portrait in an
oval frame above the fireplace.
"What a handsome face!" she said in
lively tones. "Who is it?'
"The president of our club," said our
hostess, with a kind of mental bow.
"Indeed!" said Mrs. Whitebat, with
great interest. "What a curious idea to
have a man as president of a woman's
club!" There was a moment of terrible
silence.
"A man!" echoed our hostess in icy
tones, "J cannot conceive what you mean,
unless in your idaa character and face
and strength of expression should be
limitett to men."
"I— l was deceived," said Mrs.Whitehat
humbly, "by the coat and necktie and
the short hair."
"That face is womanly in the highest
sense," said our hostess; "it is a repre
sentative face, having all the delicacy of
woman and all the power that is supposed
to be peculiar to man."
Mrs. Whitehat asserted that she pro
nounced the obnoxious word with a kind
like leaves. If a Niagara were spilling
over one of its sides its leap would strike
against the opposite wail.
Above nature has so coyly softened the
edge of the hideous precipice, so hidden it
with blossoming trees and mossy turf that
a dreamer walking there would unexpect
edly feel a sharp slip of bis feet, would
catch out at a tree, a bit of grass — the sud
den flashlight of a yawning abyss — death!
One comes shouting and laughing down
the 6teps toward Pulpit Reck— suddenly
stops himself aghast, quivering on the
very edge of the frightful drop.
In 1779 a great mass of rock was split off
from the arch by the freezing of the water
in its crevices and was hurled below,
crashing into a million fragments. The
ground is littered over with bits of rock,
with here and there a boulder half embed
ded in the soil. There hangs on the left of
the arch as one approaches another mass
just ready to fall; a wide crack extends
from the top of the hiil almost down to
the ground. Half a hill yawns! A col
umn of earth and frightful rocks half as
big as freightcars stand up there in the
air, held back by a few clods, a slender
stone, a root or two. When it falls one
power exists that may clear it away — the
river.
"<5. W." There it is: His own auto
graph — Washington's. It is one of the
great "prize-boxes" of the bridge. It is
cut deep into the rock about thirty feet
above the ground. Several other names
Bre cut above this, but they were not put
there by climbers: some engineers placed
ladders against the rock and thus reached
the point. The "G. W." is said to be
really genuine. The old settler voucnes
for this fact also. The "W." is quite
plain, but the "G." is somewhat uncer
tain.
Other points of interest are Lost River,
an underground river whose running can
be heard by stooping down close to a hole
in the side of the mountain. Saltpeter
Cave, a new crevice unuer a large ledge of
rock, which furnished niter to the sol
diers of 1812; the "Keeper of the Bridge,"
a perfect profile of a very old man near
the arch of the bridge. A glimpse of the
rushing waters of Lost River can be seen
through the hole in the hill. It is per
fectly clear and cold, and as pure as if it
had been filtered. Over the hole, cut into
the stone, by whom no one knows, is tbe
legend: "He who drinks here shall re
turn." Our party felt doubly sure of re
turning, for we drank of the water unwit
tingly, and saw the words only after
ward.
What caused the bridge? We cannot
fail to ask it as we gaze up at the tremen
dous mass. It is unreasonable to suppose
that it ie to-day in the same form that It
had "in the beginning." Was tbe entire
ravine once a long and tortuous cave?
Did the little creek rippling along beside
us throughout the ages, stretching so far
back that we cannot even comprehend the
number, thread that enormous needle and
work on down and down, painfully drill
ing the eye, until it is the frightful thing
we see it now? Was it once a mountain
lake, checked by a great stone-capped dam
that one day, while mastodon and levia
than disported themselves in its waters,
long before the aneels ever dreamed of
man. one awful day, suddenly burst
through these bounds on its maddeneu
way, that, roaring and hissing, grinding
and shrieking, plowed its horrible furrow
between two affrighted, gaping moun
tains?
Some Queer Industries.
Occupations open to tbe thrifty indivi
duals of both sexes have greatly increased
during the last two decades, or even since
the taking of the last decennial census in
1890.
The extraordinary progress of science
during the time specified and tbe applica
tion of its principles to the practical prob
lems of human life have not only had the
effect of greatly increasing the capacity
for production in the trades already estab
lished, but have opened hundreds of
queer side alleys which lead direct to the
avenues of trade.
There are, of conrse, dozens of these
new and remarkable occupations with
which science does not deal, even in the
remotest sense, says the St. Louis Re
public. In this class we find the rat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
of a neigh like an ancient warhorse or a
goat.
The solitary waiter slunfc out. There is
no other word that could convey the en
tire humility of liis manner. He was
crushed by the degrading consciousness of
his sex.
After this faux pas Mrs. Whitehat was
slightly subdued. The dinner was served,
with long periods for reflection between
courses. Mrs. Whitehat attacked each
plate as it was placed before her with
great ardor, which seemed to fade away
with the first or second mouthful. I re
gret to say that her appetite \s another of
her failing?; she is always hungry and
her expression of anguish as the meal pro
ceeded was eminently unbecoming. When
the dinner concluded in a little tombstone
with red trimmings, she seemed to feel
that it would be a pity to disturb the
charming shape and let it go from her un
touched. It had a curious taste; 1 am
unable to state what it was composed of,
but if swallowed hastily, in throat masti
cation, I am sure no taste at all could be
detected.
The distinguishing characteristic of the
meniais in the establishment seems to be
their veracity. It shows a wonderful lack
of prejudice and broad-minded justice
that they have a male waiter and door
keeper; for some services men are not to
be entirely discarded.
"Have you some good cheese?'' de
manded our hostess.
catcher, the skunk farmer, the man who
makes his living by picking up lost
things in depots, theaters, hotels, etc.,
and returning them to their owners, with
the expectation of being rewamed; the
clock-winder, the man who collects orange
and lemon peels, and the Lake Michigan
syndidate, which v now engaged in rais
ing black cats for their fur. They are not
raising these cats on water, as might be
inferred from the title, but have leaded an
island in the great lake, which is now
plentifully stocked with both sexes of
screeching felines.
There are still others in the non-»cien
tific category of queer occupations, but it
will only be necessary to« mention a few.
One is a "rattlesnake farmer," who lives
in the Ozark Mountains and makes the
products of his "farm" bring money from
three different directions. The oil he dis-
REPRESENTATIVE WOMEN LAWYERS OF AMERICA.
poses of to drnegists, who have regular
customers that believe it to be a panacea
for a hundred different ills; the skins he
sells to would-be cowboys, who use them
as hat bands, and the skeletons are
always a ready sale, the purchasers beta:;
the curators of thejiatural history depart
ments of the different college ana society
museums. The man who wakes people
up in the morning, the old cork collectors
and the dog catchers are well-known char
acters in every large city. *
The individuals who gain a livelihood
in pursuits that are strictly scientific are
equally as numerous as those who follow
the more humble callings. In the list of
occupations that are strictly scientific is
the manufacture of artificial egg?, arti
ficial coffee and false diamonds. Abo the
industry of making buttons, combs, Den
holders and other articles of a similar
nature from blood collected at the
slaughter-houses. The man who makes
billiard balls, buttons and rings .rom po
tatoes which have been treated to a solu
tion of nitric and sulphuric acids is also
the proprietor of an "industry" wherein
the fundamental principles are strictly
scientific.
But the queerest of all is carried on by
two young Fennsylvanians, who are mak
"Not very," said tne slave, blushing
modestly.
"We ascended, after this episode, to the
drawing-room, quite free from the vulgar
?ense of repletion which often accompan
ies a meal ordered and cooked by a man.
Our intellectual capacities were not dulled
and rendered sluggish by overeating; it
was with quite a sharpened sense of our
inward yearnings for a higher life that we
settled ourselves for the lecture. Quite a
little time was spent in discussion as to
who should take the "chair" to introduce
the lecturer, Edward Robinson, whose
iabors in the way of bringing practical
and popular science to the East End have
met with such deserved encomiums. Such
modesty as was displayed by those worthy
and intelligent women of tne New Age
Club; such a reluctance to take the prom
inent position. Each one advanred the
rao«t conclusive reasons why the other one
should do it, and they exhibited the most
gentlemanly deference and courtesy! It
was perhaps somewhat confusine to an
outsider not used to parliamentary rule.
'•You take it— dear me— l couldn't think
of it. Why, Miss Gully, how can you!
Why, I took it last time. It's quite sim
ple. You'd do it magnificently. You do
speak so fluentlj and without preparation !
Why, I heard Miss Pimmins last week,
and it was a disgrace! No, really; such a
cold, and besides — "
Miss Gully was finally induced to tafce
the chair, which she filled admirably and
ing a regular business of extracting the
poison from honey-beos. According to
the accounts they Lave two different ways
of collecting the crop of venom. In the
first the bees are caught and held with
tneir abdomens in small glass tubes until
the poison sacs have been emptied. In
the second they are placed in a bottle on
wire netting and enraged until the tiny
drops of venom fall into the alcohol,
which fills the lower third of the bottle.
This venom is said to be a sovereign rem
edy for cancer, rheumatism, snake bite
and a hundred others of the more terrible
ills of humanity.
- — ♦ — ■»
American JHardWood irv Europe.
The demand for American hardwoods
in Europe is growing, and oak leads the
foreign shipments, although tulip, poplar,
ash, gum and black walnut, whenever a
good quality can be secured, are in aome
demand. European consumers like the
quality of American oak, and, since it is
known to be plentiful here, it will prob
ably be in increasing demand. Cotton
wood has been shipped to Germany in
considerable quantities, where cheap
wood -is required for furniture and other
uses. Much of this lumber is forwarded
from New Orleans, and since a great part
of the oak, ash, popiar, cotton wood and
other timbers demanded by the foreign
market is in the Southern States, it is not
improbable that lumber for foreign mar
kets will be largely shipped in future from
tne Gulf ports. In speaking of this mat
ter, the Northwestern Lumberman says
that the European market requires lumber
cut of exact thickness and of accurate
length, trimmed so as to have the butts
square and true. Space for piling in the
yards of the Old World is an object, so
that random, uneven lengths are objec
tionable, and, since the foreign buyer in
sists that he shall have just what he bar
gains for, quality should be strictly at
tended to.— Garden and Forest.
* little over. Mr. Robinson was intro
duced in a fitting; manner, with a quota
tion from Walt Whitman.
Mr. Robinson was an earnest man, with
a north country burr in his speech. He
was to lecture on "Humane Science."
He had a fine and characteristic head on
the top of a very narrow and emaciated
frame. His voice had a slightly monoto
nous drone, but his sentiments were,
grand. It is a curious thing that in order
to really appreciate grand sentiments it is
necessary to close or very nearly close the
eyes.
"In the pure, dry light of he intellect,"
said the lecturer— l am afraid I did not
quite father what that pure, dry light was
to illuminate. How bitterly did I regret
my defective education when I saw the
rapt expression in the faces around me.
The woman next to me seemed almost
overcome by emotion. She was a very
large woman and swayed constantly to my
side. A look of grest peace was on her
countenance and she was drinking in the
great words of the lecturer with a little
whistling sound between her teeth. She
also evidently found that closing the
eyes made her faculues for listening more
acute. It was in the spirit of sincerest
emulation that I attempted it also — just
for a moment— but I fear that 1 must have
slept, for 1 suddenly sat up, with a terri
ble start; there had been a great noise, as
of some one falling from a chair. Every
WOMEN LAWYERS OF AMERICA
The woman lawyer is largely a develop
ment of the la3t twenty-five years and of
this country, says Leslie's WeeKly. There
were 208 women lawyers in the United
States in 1890. Though no census has
been taken since then it is safe to say that
the number now is at least 500. No other
country has half as many women in the
legal profession. The prejudice and op
position which so long obstructed their
progress are rapidly disappearing. Women
are now being received and recognized by
their brother mem ters of the profession,
as was very recently illustrated when a
New York Judge appointed several promi
nent New York women lawyers to re
ceivershius. This is the first time women
nave had such appointments, and the act
of the courtis regarded :is a distinct step
in their progress at the bar.
The courts for a long time discouraged
the legal aspirations of women. When
the late Myra C. Bradwell applied in 1870
for permission to practice law in Illinois
the Supreme Court of that State denied
her application, and its decision was af
firmed by the Supreme Court of tbe United
States, the only dissenting opinion being
that of Chief Justice Chßse. Three years
afterward the Legislature of Illinois
passed a law providing that no person
should be precluded from any occupation,
except military, on account of sex. This
started the movement in favor of the
women, and now It is not believed that
any State would offer serious objections to
women practicing in its courts. Most of
the law schools accept women pupils,
although three of the most prominent —
those of Columbia, Yale aud Harvard —
still take tbe old conservative view of the
matter and admit men only. The law de
partments of ihe University of Michigan
and the New York University have grad
uated more women than any others in the
country. The first woman graduated from
a law school in this or any other country
was Mrs. Ada E. Kepley of Illinois, who
completed her law course in the North
western University, Chicago, in 1870.
The experience of Mrs. Clara Fo.tz, who
is now a practicing lawyer in this city,
one sat bolt upright and had a painful,
glassy stare. It was quite a moment be
fore the excitement subsided. It was this
incident that brought Mrs.Whitehat to
the notice of her immediate neighbors. I
discovered, to my horror, that instead or
listening with that respectful attention
which was so admirable a feature of the
audience she had her face buried in her
handkerchief and was indulging in laugh
ter, the most unseemly and uncalled for
and untimely imaginable!
The lecture was deeply impressive, I am
sure; it was— well— as I have said, th»
subject was "Humane Science," a most
interesting subject, the development of
which cannot fail toelevate the listener.
A young lady behind me (Mrs. White
hat had remarked her gown, which was
nobly suggestive of an antique— a very
antique) applauded continually. Her en
thusiasm found vent in this manner: Her
hands met with a concussion like a pistol
shot immediately behind my ear. It
must have been a great encouragement to
ti;e lecturer, and served as a kind of
punctuation. Behind me another en
thusiast murmured, "Hear, hear I" in a
deep, bass voice.
•'When we reflect on the vast changes,"
said the lecturer, "that have made the
last century [applause from the lady in
the Roman drapery] that have made the
last century so" ["Hear, hear!" came like
the muffled stroke of a drum.]
The lecturer completed his argument
and sat down, while the applause was
long and continuous. The lady who oc
cupied the chair arose and said that Mr.
Edward Robinson had kindly offered to
answer any questions that might be put
by doubting minds.
Everybody iooked at everybody else
wiih an expectant, an encouraging or a
reproachful stare. The lady in the chair
repeated her demand for questions with a
raised voice, that had a subdued threat
in it.
At last there was 3 response.
"I was afraid," said the deep, bass voice
behind me, "to occupy the attention too
long. My question is, with an apology to
Mr. Edward Robinson and my grateful
acknowledgments of his absorbing and
deeply scientific facts, whether introspec
tion, as he asserts, can have a wholly
beneficial effect upon a wholesome and
sane organization?"
Here she consulted a small table and
put it and her hands in her coat pockets.
"I have made a special study of heredity
in cats," she continued. "Some Kittens
have shown a remarkable sens 9of color;
some kittens, in the third or fourth gener
illustrates the difficulties women have
had to contend with in the past in follow
ing legal pursuits. Left a widow with
children while yet a young woman, she
determined to practice law in California,
despite the fact that tbe State code gave
no authority to women to enter the legal
profession. That obstacle was soon re
moved, and she attempted to enter the
Hastings College in San Francisco. The
faculty refused to admit her, and she
brought a suit which was finally decided
in her favor. She was admitted to prac
tice in the District Court of California,
then in the California Supreme Court,
and finally in the Supreme Court of the
United States, achieving, after many dif
nclties, a complete triumph in herfi^ht
for legal status as a lawyer. Another
woman who was early admitted to prac
tice in the United States courts is Mrs.
Emma H. Haddock, wiio is now a mem
ber of the faculty of the lowa State Uni
versity.
Chicago is said to have more women
lawyers than any other city in the coun
try. Of these Eilen A. Martin is one of
the most prominent and has been longest
a practitioner. She made her first essay
at the law in Chicago nineteen years ago.
A remarkable woman lawyer of Chicago
is Mias Blanche Fearing, who is a poet as
well as a lawyer and has done excellent
work in both fields in spite of a great
handicap. She is totally blind. Milwau
kee has a family of women lawyers. Mrs.
Kate Pier and her three daughters have
all been admitted to the bar and are in
active practice, with a business which is
already large and is rapidly crowing.
Ther,e are manyotner prominent women
lawyers in the various cities, and their
work proves the falsity of the old belief
that women have neither the inclination
nor the ability to master the intricacies of
the law. It is true that a woman arguing
a case before a jury is a rarity, but it must
be remembered that the great bulk of
legal business is done out of court and not
in it. In a talk with the writer on women
in the law Mrs. Cornelia Hood of Brook
lyn, who is the founder of the Women's
Legal Education Society, has the follow
ing to say:
"I think the time is coming when a
knowledge of the law will be considered
an essential part of the education of both
men and women. In the last few years
the Legislatures in most of the States
have very considerably augmented
women's civil rights and are continuing
to do so. To understand and reap the
benefit of her new position in the eyes of
the law woman roust have some legal
knowledge; when she acquires the rieht
to take part in ths affairs of government
through her ballot she will be at a great
disadvantage if she does not know some
thing of legal principles. I believe that
women lawyers will be in demand in the
near future, and therefore I think that
the law is a good profession for bright
women. It is no more difficult than other
professions for women whose rea-oning
powers are rood and just as interesting
when once entered.
"The woman practitioner need not go
into the courts unless she desires to. A
ereat many lawyers have lucrative office
practices, and a clever woman may do a
great deal of business managing estates
for women and advising them in matters
of law. 1 do not believe, however, that
women need have any trepidation about
practicing in the courts. Tne few who
have attempted it have been remarkably
successful. Tr.ey have received the closest
attention from juries, and tue judges have
in most cases treated them in all respects
like their masculine fellow-lawyers. The
public is rapidly becoming accustomed to
women lawyers. It is beginning to appre
ciate the fact that they are careful, con
scientious and capable."
Irvsects With parasols.
How true it is that we most frequently
overlook most interesting things near at
hand, while searching for wonders far
away, says a writer in the New York Her
ald.
It is as true in the forest as in the city
th&t one is rarely acquainted with even
his nearest neighbors.
I once had it brought home to me in an
impressive manner that I had been very
ation, hnve developed a dis'.inc: ur.Vr
s-tanding of sounds. It is tbe same tht^y
one tees illustrated in a man with de
lirium tremens, therefore my question is.
How (Joes Mr. Eiward Robinson intend to
verify his assert. ons, triumphantly as he
has expressed them?"
This was a tremendous poser. Mr. Rob
inson mopped his brow, but answered
shortly and decisively in a most satisfac
tory manner.
Here a lady in tbe corner, with her hat
worn over one ear, arose and announced
that she also had a question:
"Humanity ith unity," she began, "but
if philanthropy ith made emothional. liow
would Mr. Eiward Robinthon ever ac
complith anything?"
The answer was received with deservpd
applause. Then the young rerson who
had clapped so cleverly ami continuously
rose and declaimed her question in sonor
ous tones, speaking slowly and wish deep
pathetic emphasis on every word, her
voice gradually rising till it rang through
the roomr:
"If," sho began. "I have understood Mr
Edward Robinson aright, he points to a.
path of glory on which we all— all mem
bers of the New Age Club— will tread, but
he must point the path, be must show
us the way. My question to M. Ed
ward Robinson, if I have understood him.
aright, is 'Where is the goal? Where is
the goal?'"
With one upraised hand she pointed ec
statically to heaven, with the other she
transfixed the lecturer.
Mr. Edward Robinson was spellbound
with admiration, or some emotion that
held him silent, while a strange spasm
convulsed his face. To my overwhelming
sorrow and shame I regret that I did • t
hear the answer to this question, for r "*-
Whitebat rose suddenly and precipitated
herself from ihe room. I hurried after her
and found her in the lower hall, seated in
the hatstand, wiping away tears — it is in
credible but true — tears of deep enjoyment
and uiterly unappreciative laughter. All
the way home in the hansom she indulged
herself in this heartless and unfeeling
manner. "This serious aud elevated
place," I remarked, sternly, "should be
spared visits from the unthinking and the
frivolous! In tha pure, dry light of the
intellect "
"Stop, please," groaned Mrs. Whitehat,
"that's just it — if it were only not so pure
— or so extremely dry!"
Which only goes to show that Mrs.
Whitehat had not thoroughly understood
the drift of Mr. Edward Robinson's re
marks. Van Dyck Brown.
unobservant of the things immediately
about me. It came about in this manner:
I was camping alone on the island of To
bago and had taken the trail leading from
my hut on the beach into the deep forest —
a path over which I had walked at least a
score of timea before — and I presently
reached a spot where the shade was so
dense that it made a sort of twilight.
Suddenly there appeared to my astonished
eyes something which caused me to rub
them in doubt whether I was not dream
ing, for right in front of me, crossing the
path, was a band of green, stretching
across the brown, dun-colored earth, and
as my eyes became accustomed to the dim
light, so that I could observe it morfe par
ticularly, I saw that this green ribbon was
moving regularly along, like the belt over
a factory wheel. At first it seemod Utrjtp
solid and unbroken, but soon I detec^V
many divisions in the line, and saw tha. \
was composed of thousands of bits oJ
leaves, each about half an inch in diam
eter. Upon turning over some of these
leaf fragments I found that the motive
power of each one was a big red ant, who
clung to it desperately, and a3 soon as re
leased took its place in the ranks again.
For many minutes I watched the verdant
procession, but it seemed no near the end
than when I first saw it.
Out of tbe dusky woods on one side the
path it emerged and into the depths of
the other it disappeared, traveling tire
lessly onward to some destination un
known to me. I could not very well trace
its course, the forest being so dense; but
there must have been millions of ants in
the column, all marching in perfect order
and evidently with some definite end in
view.
These insects, which are known as the
great-headed red ants, not only use their
powerful scissor jaws upon the leaves of
trees and plants, but should they find a
tablecloth or handkerchief or anything of
that kind on the ground, will cut out of it
neat little semi-circular holes, taking the
pieces away to their nests. Whether or
not they use these bits of cloth for lining
their nests, or put them to their proper
use as napkins and handkerchiefs, I can
not say.
Gabirvs of Shakes.
There are several kinds of structures in
California that are peculiar to the soil, but
most of them really belong to tbe early
inhabitants — the Indians and Mexicans.
The house of "shakes," however, came A
with the white man, and those who bui'^
the first of these structures most likely got
the idea from the sycamore shingle of
Flori da.
Many people do not know what a shake
is, so a little explanation will not be out
of order. Shakes are made from almost
any kind of wood, although some hard
variety is generally used. Logs of straight
grain are selected and cut into pieces
about three feet long. These are then
split into boards about four inches wido
and three-quarters of an inch thick. Of
course the boards are very rough and also
uneven, but possess great strength, as the
grain always runs from one end of it to
the other. When made of oaK it is
almost impossible to break one of them
crosswise.
The style of buiiding for which they are
used depends on the occupation of the
owner. Lumbermen, miners and sheep
herders are the most numerous of those
who use this style of structure. The
sheepherders' are perhaps the most pic
turesque and substantial and are generally
of the same shape as the one in the accom
panying drawing. They are usually lo
cated in some barren spot and used during
the feeding season. The miner generally
mazes his the same shape as tbe wedge
tent, which presents a grotesque appear
ance. Those built by the lumbermen are
often very elaborate, but since sawmills
have been located in the mountains they
are not as common as they were. Then?
is practically no wear out to this style <4f
structure. In time they become cover Ad
with a rich growth of moss, that com
pletely closes the cracks that originally
existed, so that they are impervious to the
hardest rains. In the mountainous dis
tricts of this State there are dozens of
shake cabins standing to-day that wen
built almost half a century ago.IN THE TREASURE HOUSE OF CALIFORNIA'S PIONEERS
Jke Most Interesting Museum oi\ Earth, Pick ir\ Relics of Events, Wkick ii\ tke
Early Days Gaused tke Blood to Jingle
WITHIN the space of a few square
feet, in this City, are such inestima
ble historical treasures as the origi
nal Bear flag; the proclamation wnich,
issued by Commodore Jrloat, immediately
preceded the raising of the American flag
ai Monterey when the United States
formally took possession of California and
saved it from the English; the bell which
sounded in earlier days to call the Vigi
lance Committee together; the saw, crank
and other paraphernalia from Sutter's
mill; the battle flag of the "First Califor
nia Regiment," otherwise known as the
Thirty-second Regiment of New York
Volunteers; "Captain Jack's" war drum
from the lava beds; and not les3 inter
esting the cannon which, originally pre
sented by the Czar of Russia to the garri
son of Fort Ross, was afterward used by
Commodore Stockton at San Pedro, Los
Angeles and San Pasqual.
These are all in a museum, of course,
but a museum whicti, in a small compass,
embodies more State history than any
other museum in the United States. The
objects of historical interest already
enumerated, and many others, are in the
custody of the Society of California Pio
neers. Securely sheltered in a building
wnich is in itself historical, as it marks
one instance of the broadly manifested
public spirit of James Lick, the number of
these priceless treasures slowly increases.
Tragedies and comedies, relics of war and
reminders of stern justice meted out in
the spirit of but without the form of law,
provokers of smiles and reminiscences for
tears — these and the magic glitter of
that gold which made California so soon
a State, are in the keeping of their proper
custody, of those who were, in proprise
persona?, S'.ate-makers in every sense of
the term. When the collection is com
plete it will suggest the most unique page
of history that has been written in mod
ern times. They will help to make up the
most unique museum store upon earth.
Upon a pedestal in an an-ile stands a
small iron chest. The lid of it rattles
whenever the chest is jarred. It once had
a key and until a short time ago, in fact.
Then some chance visitor learning of the
historical value ot the chest stole the key.
The chest very likely would also have
been stolen by the same visitor if it had
not been protected by its size and weight.
Small though it is the story runs that it
contained $16,000 when it was stolen by
John Jenkins from the snipping office of
Virgin & Co. on Long wharf on the tenth
day of June, 1831. Jenkins had the con
spicuous distinction of being the first
man lynched to secure order by the Com
mittee of Vigilance. Jenkins was dealt
with very promptly and the proceedings
were t'.orouah and energetic. '•Ho was
convicted," says a veracious chronicler,
ll that evening as an example to the law
less characters then infesting the City."
The committee brought him to the plaza
and there they hung him Irom a beam of
the old adobe house. He was left until
morning, relays of men holding the rope
by which he was suspended.
Close to this little iron chsst with
which Jenkins made away, and which was
saved from the bay after he had thrown it
in, is a perfect treasury of objects which
have histories. A little to the left, not
more than two paces, there is a queer
little cannon. It is perhaps 3}4 feet long.
The chamber of it runs to a point at the
\ent. Eight ounces of powder were
enough to charee it. On the top are what
looks like two handles to carry it by. The
. Czar of Russia presented this cannon to
the Russian garrison of Fort Ross and the
Russian flag waved over it for a time.
Captain Sntter afterward received it
He caused it to be mounted upon the wall
of his famous fort, a large picture of which
is almost directly over the cannon. The
piece was one of those which banged a
salute when the American flag waa first
raised upon that fort at sunrise on the
morning of July 12, 1847. Then it became
a held liece and went with the command
of Commodore Stockton and was used by
him in his advance from San Pedro to Los
Angeles; again in the engagement at San
Pasqual, December 6, 1846; again at Los
Angeles on the Bth and 'JAi of June, 1847.
It was then transferred to Colonel Mason
of the First United States Dragoons, who
returned it to Captain Sutter. He pre
sented it to the Society of California Pio
neers.
Just beyond a stout wire partition at
the east end of the museum there is a sec
tion of what looks like an old-fashioned
mast. In reality it is a four-foot section
of that flagstaff upon which Commodore
S'oat ordered Midshipman Toier to raise
tbe American fl-ig at Monterey, on the 7tu
day of July, 1b46. This section was the
base of the pole. A i>iece of the top part
is in another part of the museum; also
upon the wali, bearing the attestation re
cently placed thereupon by William P.
Toier, now of Oakland, is a long manu
script. This was the proclamation by j
which the United States took possession I
of California, and Mr. Toier attests that it ',
was written by his hand, at the order of :
Commodore Sloat, whose aid he was.
Pianos, like everything else connected
with the eariy period of California his
tory, seemed to have been built with a j
strong constitution. Almost under the
shadow of James iycK's .hatbox, which
rests on the top of the Sioat flagstaff sec
tion before mentioned, is the tirst piano
that ever came to California. Strange as
it may appear, as a fact, this first piano is
an upright. Steve Massett had it at some
of his entertainments. Along came the
big tire of 1850. The piano could only be
saved by throwing it to the ground from
a second-story window. Down it went
with a bang, jingling and tinkling out a
protest from every note included within
the compass of its eight octaves.
When the piano struck the ground one |
of its legs was broken off. It ought to |
have been a generally broken up music
maker according to all reasonable ex
pectation. When it was examined the |
discovery was made that, with the excep- j
tion of one broken leg, it was all right, j
The cost of replacing the broken leg with
a ntw one was $50. After that it resumed
its task of furnishing accompaniments for
the early Californians as they sang. It
had ups and downs. Open the case to
day and run your lingers ovsr its time
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
stained ivory keys, and every note will
respond in tune. It has about as good
tone as it ever could have possessed. The
sound is practically the same that was
heard half a century ago when California
was new.
On the west wall, where it should be, is
the original Bear flag. There are three
bear flags of different dates on the walls.
The original bear is an odd-looking beast.
There is no doubt of the authenticity of
the relit— the original flag. H. L. Ford
will go down to history as the man who
suggested placing a picture of the bear on
the flag. Mrs. John Sears provided the
muslin of which the flag was made. Wil
liam Todd agreed to paint it and placed on
it a single star, remembering the "lone
star" of the Texas Republic flag. Todd
was equal to painting the star, but when
he came to the bear he produced a picto
rial beast of subdued mi»n which can be
considered a bear only by Doetical license.
He would never have been suspected of
being a bear without a license. There are
two other bear flags of different periods.
One of the*e has a bear standing on its
iiindlegs. These three flags are spread out
in frames on the side walls. Not far away
from them is a flag carried by Walker into
Nicaragua. Over the last named is the
picture ot Dr. Tucker, who gave it to the
Pioneers.
At least one more flag of historical in
terest is in the collection. This was car
ried through several battles in the Civil
War at the head of the First California or
Thirty-second Regiment of New York
Volunteers. Two colonels were killed in
battle in command of this regiment while
yet the battle-flag was in use, these being
Colonel Matheson and Colonel Lemon.
The last colonel of the regiment,
Francis E. Pinte, gave it to
the Pioneers. It floated at Manassas,
West Point, Vn., Crumpton Gap. An
tietam, Fredericksburg and Salem Height,
Va. The wear of actual service is evident
upon its tattered folds.
The San Francisco Vigilance Committee
is represented in various parts of the mu
seum by enduring memorials. The largest
single object that belonged to that world
famous committee now in the Pioneer
building is the bell, which stands on a
pedestal just beyond the case that shelters
the California Regiment battle-flag. Mon
umental Fire Company No. 6 owned the
bell, and it was the first one ever erected
in San Francisco. The Vigilance Com
mittee used it in 1856, and to the ears of
offenders it played weird tunes. The
"all-seeing eye" and the seal and police
badge of the committee are in one case.
In another case is a very small, old-fash
ioned clock, not more than the span of a
l;and in diameter. This ticked out the
minutes at meetings which were full of
late to certain individuals. Taken to
gether tho bell and the clock are surely
grim reminders of an exciting period and
exciting occurrences.
There is one corner of the museum — a
small jog formed by the junction of a
wire barricade — which would provoke the
enthusiasm of any student of history.
Here are gathered a piece of the keelson
of the Natalie, the vessel upon which
Napoleon escaped from the island of Elba;
upon this wooden relic are pieces of the
machinery which went to make up Sut
ter's mill; above these hangs one of the
saws from that mill.
Crossed in a glass case in this same cor
ner are two torches which were presented
by friends in Philadelphia to Pennsyl
vania Fire Company No. 12 of San Fran
cisco in 1854. Somewhat gorgeous with
silver trimmings the handles proudly
claim to have been fabricated from the
tree under which William Perm wrote his
memorable treaty witn the Indians,
•'which was never sworn to and never
broken." Between the torches and Sut
ter's long-disused saw and machinery is
the quarterboard of the Loo Choo, one of
the vessels which brought to California a
part of Stevenson's regiment. G. B.
Mellus, who has charge of the Pioneer
Museum, once worked on the Loo Choo in
Boston as a sailmaker.
Mixed in with the historical treasures of
California are other objects, but tbe
creater part of all is purely Californian.
Two stone chairs of the Incas are there.
Then in a case are two miniature brass
cannons, made from a gun which was on
board of Nelson's flagship at Trafalgar.
General Grant's coat, the one which he
wore at the capture of VicKsburg, is In
evidence. This came from the Dent
family. There would have been many
smali cannon balls for the public to have
looked at but, incredible as it may seem,
the Dublic has btolen them. Bulky iron
mongery was flitted away as easily as a
k<*y of an iron box. Baskets or hand
satchels may have been used. No pocket
short of one lined with leather and
stitched with stout cord could carry away
even a small cannon ball. So several per
son?, tourists or others, have taken part
in looting a pile of cannon balls.
The Vigilance Committee badge of 1856
is present only in one specimen. This is>
on white ribbon and bears only the lol
lowing: I
KINO GUARDS.
-8-
V. C.
A daguerrotype of Kit Carson, the
famous frontiersman, is near neighbor to
James Lick's stone teapot and the dies
from which n«oney in California were
stamped in tha early days. The chain
with whioh Jasper O'Farrell surveyed San
Francisco in 1844 rests qnietly in a show
case corner. Most characteristic of all,
perhaps, is a box containing the remains
of a pioneer's outfit in 1849. The box is
small enough to be turned into a waffle.
In it are a small roll of tape, a cake of
soap, i-mall white buttons, one threaded
needle and two copper cents. Almost
jostling against it is a slate bowl used by
the padres to hold holy water.
There are busts and pictures galore.
Ona large picture shows odd features of
the journey over the istnmus. There are
many portraits of well-known pioneers
and views of San Francisco and Sacra
mento at different Vimes; cases of glitter
ing ores, some samples having more or
less interesting histories. Odds and ends
from the South Seas havo space to cling
to, bows and arrow?, etc.
Old men haunt the rooms, gray haired
and with other marks of old age visibly
creeping on. They enter through the
office on the first floor, passing other gray
haired men who occupy official positions.
Tli3n they pass along through a wide hall,
which is decorated in part with a mural
tablet of marble, upon which have been
sculptured the names of all the presidents
of the Society of California Pioneers down
to the present time. They climb slowly
up easy flights of stairs, seeing the por
traits of famous Californians on every
side.
When they have reached the third floor
they have no Jurther to climb. Many of
them walk with canes. Mr. Pinkham, the
marshal, does not. Neither does Captain
Swasey, who is as erect and seemingly as
alert as when he first saw San Fran
cisco, fifty-one years ago. Around them
are more mute records of darineand hero
ism, of wild adv enture, than any other
single society on earth can justly claim
for their own — as appertaining directly to
themselves— in which they were the actors.
Midway of the museum is a small glit
tering particle. Never taken from the
soil, it nevertheless is the counterfeit pre
sentment of that which caused thousands
of men to sail around Cape Horn, to jour
ney over deserts and mountains, to cross
the isthmus and to delve through days
filled with toil and glory in the auriferous
soil of California. A small, plush-covered
box, with a tiny clasp, if> beneath the
Rparkling trifle. It is locked up securely
in a showcase. Not of great intrinsic
value, it is still of great value in the eyes
of pioneers, for it is a fac-simile of the
first nugget connected with the name of
Marshall, the discoverer of Cali fornia
gold. David H. Walker.
Buying a J-lorse for 70 Cents.
A horse for 70 cents !
A real live animal, capable of drawing s
peddler's cart and its owner for a price
less than six bits.
McCurrie, special officer for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals in the City and
County of San Francisco, has found
the oddest horse trade that has come to
notice in a long time.
'•I forget who the peddler was," McCur
rie said yesterday, "but I know about the
lowest-priced horse that ever has assisted
any man in San Francisco to carry on
business."
McCurrie has every day contact with
horses all over the City and, as might be
supposed, it is a fact that tbe poorer
horses are those which are the most sub
ject to abuse and so attract his attention
more closely, the complaints being princi
pally against the owners of such.
"Of course this wa3 a cash trade," said
McCurrie, with some amusement. "The
money paid over was two quarters, one
dime and two nickels. When the owner
of the nag received this money the ped
dler got the horse sure enough and was
ready for business."
"The fact is that peddlers can get all the
horses they want now for $1 each. I
knew of another case where a horse was
bought by a peddier for an old stove
which was much tbe worse for wear; the
stove, I mean, and for $1 in cash."
Some inquiry was made on the basis of
McCurrie's statements. The fact appears to
be that many horses have been bought for
less than $5. Sorry-looking nags, of conrse,
these are, but they do to move a load of
bananas or other truck for sale over short
distances on the level streets of the City,
and they are able to stand at street cor
ners indefinitely on anywhere from three
to four legs. But a sharp lookout is kept
upon such animals and upon their ownera
by the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals.
There was an example of this watchful
ness one day during the past week. A
human brute was driving four horses with
a heavy load attached to them and it was
noticed that one of the leaders could not
step on one fore foot without pain. The
horses were stopped and it was discovered
that the ailing horse had just been shod
and that a nail had been driven into its
foot, upon which it had been forced by
blows to walk over the cobbles.
The suggestion has often been made
that California is the place for the poor
man. There probably is no other place
where peddlers can get the motive power
for their wares at the rate of a horse lor
7C cents.
Jo Irrigate the Desert.
Jones— What do you think of that
pioject of the Enterprise Brewing Com
pany ?
Robinson — What is it?
Jones — They propose to establish a
branch in the Desert of Sahara and open
beer saloons ac each oasis. — Boston
Courier.
"Waterman," "Swan." "Crown" and "Lead
er" fountain pens, good for Christmas, at San
born & Vails. •
1920
SOCIETY
Last week was Eiven over entirely to the i
horse show. Society scarcely found time for
aught else. Yet in sp!te of this fact there were
a number of charming entertainments during
the week. Afternoon entertainments for the
most part or dinners, the guests going after
ward to the show.
In spite of the horse show the regular meet-
Ing of the Fortnighthes on Friday evening at
Lunt's Hall was a most gratifying s\;ccess.
The attendance was large and several pretty
figures were introduced by Milton S. Latham,
who led alone. '
The next meeting of the Friday Fortnightlies
will b6 held on the 6th of January. The
cotillon will be led by Miss Genevleve Goad,
who wiil lead alone. The meeting after that
is to be a military cotillon and sa-veral West
Point innovations are to be introduced.
On Friday evening Miss Frances Baldwin
gave an elaborate dinner to twenty at the
University Club, after which hostess and
guests repaired to the Fortnightly dance.
Among Miss Baldwin's puests were: Miss
K«te Bali bar?, Miss Gla^cuck, Miss Moon, Miss
Livormore, Miss Stubbs, Miss S-ott, Miss Stone,
Fred Mneee, Harry iSoort, Allen Garwood
■Wrijht and Alex Baldwin.
The Concordia and theVerein sre making
elaborate preparations for their New Yesr's
ball. Both take place on New Year's eve at
their respective clubrooms — the Concoraia, at
tUe comer of Van Ness avenue and Geary
street; and the Vereit;. at the corirer of Post
and Lcaven\vr>rth street.*. In addition to the
ball, the members of the Verein are preparing
a vaudeville entertainment, the particulars of
which are kept a profound secret. Mrs. Mar
cus L. Gerstle. Mrs. William Greeuebaum and
Mrs. Feuchtwanger have charge of the pro
gramme and many deligntfui novelties are an
ticipated.
The members of the Sorosis Club held their
annual recaption last Monday evening at their
rooms on Pine street. Many invited guests
were present nnd tbey were cordially received
by the following officers oi the club: Mrs.
William B. Carr, Mrs. J. C. Stubbs. Mrs. H. E.
Huntington, Mrs. George J. Bucknall, Airs. F. j
S. Sanborn, Mrs. George Law Smith, Mrs.
George D. Carr and Mrs. John M. Chretien.
There were soiigs by tho Colonial quartet,
comprising Miss Florenca Julia Doane, Miss
Ivy (iardner, Miss Mftry Maau and Miss Clara
Heyman; violin selections by Arthur Johann
sen and vocal solos by Dr. Giiberi F. Graham
and Mrs. E. 11. Palmer.
On Thursday aiternoon Mrs. Marcus Kosh
land gave a box r.arty to a number of little
ones at the horse show. Among the little •
guests were: Miss Anna Liebenthal, Miss Ruth
Haas, Master Walter Haas, Master Dan and
Robert Koshland, and Masters Edgar and Stan
ley Sinsheimer.
The wedding of Miss Adele Pernn and Wil
liam Park took place on Tuesday, December 1.
at the ranch of the bride's father, near Wil
liams, Ariz. The bride has been a favorite in
society here and entertained extensively since
her debut. She is the daughter of Dr. E. B.
Perrin and sister oi Mrs. Lee Robinson of
Louisville, Ky. Mr. Park formerly resided in
Canada, but is now engaged in the lumber and
shipping business in Mobile, Ala.
Only a few relatives and intimate friends
■witnessed the ceremony, which was per
formed by the Right Rev. Bishop Kendrick at
t> o'clock in the evening. A dinner was en
joyed afterward. Mr. and Mrs. Park will pass
their honeymoon In St. Louis and Chicago,
after which they will go to Mobile to reside.
Mrs. W. p. Harrington of Colusa and Ler
daughters, the Misses Mary and Louise Har
rington, who ere passing the winter at the
Palace Hotel, gave a lunch party last Wednes
day at tne University Club in honor of Miss
Kut« Thornton Bftlisborj. The decorations
were very pretty and the time at the table was
passed most enjoyably. The others present
were; Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Mary KiD,
Miss Clementina Kip, Mi«s Carolyn, Miss
Elizabeth Ccle, Miss Glass, Miss Alice Ames,
Miss Mary Bell Gnin, Miss Frances Curry, Miss
KobinsoD, Miss Landers, Miss Fanny Lough
borough and Miss Bowie.
Miss Ella Wilcox Morgan gave a lunch party
last Wednesday at her home, 2211 Clay Btreet,
us a compliment to Miss Helen Hopkins. The
room was decorated in the Dobbs Ferry colors
of violet and white and was very attractive.
Several hours were delightfully passed at the
table. The guests of Miss Morgan were: Miss
Helen Hopkins, Miss Caro Crockett, Miss Tay
lor, Mi<s Cora Smedberg, Miss Alice Hager.
Miss Mollie Thomas, Miss Emma Spreckels,
Miss Jusselyn, Miss Scott of Los Angeles, Miss '
May Cunningham, Miss Helen Smith, Miss
Louisa Breeze and Hiss Eleanor Wood. !
The Winter Cotillon Club gave their first
assembly and gerraan Friday evening in
Beethoven Hall, in the Hotel Savoy building.
The affair was such a gratifying success that
the succeeding parties <,f the cub this season
promise to be features in society circles.
The membership of the club is limited to I
fifty coupies and the list i« already tilled. The I
officers are: Clareuce L. Mitchell, chairman; |
George E. Bennett, secr.'uiry ; Hit] Hattie M
Hail, Miss Edna Scot!, William M. Abbott and
Robert G. Legge, directors.
The hall was handsomely decorated with the
colors of the club interspersed in trie large
palms, ferns and chrysanthemums. The
toilets of the ladies, which were new and
handsome, added to the brilliancy of the
Bcene.
The cotillon was led by Robert T. Lepge and
Jliss Grace Wooll. Three figures were danced,
which were designated as the Pyramid, the
Grecian Cross and La Paloma. All aro new
»nd were particularly attractive.
The first set whs composed of the following
lßdiesaud gentlemen: J. Wesley White and
Miss Hattle M. Hall, Dr. E. H. Lake and Miss
Edna Scott, H.P.Howard and Miss Kate M
Taylor, Joseph M. Fletcher and Miss Elsie
Smith, Henry S. Scott and Miss Blanche !
Fnirweather, A. F. Chapman and Miss Eliza
beth Rowlands, George E. Bennett and Miss
Eva Falrweather.
Among the members present last evening
were: Mr. and Mrs. William M. Abbott, Mr.
and Mrs. Clarence L. Mitchell, Dr. and Mrs
G. S. Backman, Captain ana Mrs. E C. Gen
ereaux, Miss Susie F. Hall, Miss Jeaunette
Clabrough, Miss Su«le Smith, Miss A. Blanche
Fairweather, Miss Hattie M. llali, Miss leah
S. Young, Miss Minnie H. Young, Mips Eiiza
be:h Cudworth, Miss Susie F. Abbot, Miss
Emma Clawsou, Miss Elizabeth Rowlands,
Miss Belle Mcßoyle. Miss Etta Butler, Miss
Lucille Mcßoyle, Miss Edna Scott, Miss I
May Windham, Miss Xena Roberts, Miss Helen
T. Crocker, Miss May ('. Young, Miss Char
lotte E. Johnson, Miss Gussie Weeks. Miss !
M. R. Carew, Miss Mabel Root, Miss Trances
Smith, Miss Laura D-.vyer, Miss Ida Brown
. Miss VelmH L. Lillie, Miss Mac Miller. Miss
Edna O'Brien. Miss Grace Wooll, Miss Kate
M. Tuylor, Miss J. Myra Beckett. Miss Mabel
A. Grant, Miss Anna Brady, Miss Eva Fair
weather.
The following-named gentlemen were also
present: William C. Gregg, James M. Thonu
non, Dr. J. Chalfant, Joseph M. Kletcher. T.
Patterson Ross, C. F. I'eywood, Henry Bass
Walter Scott. H. T. Frost, F. B. Hall, L. Ha^el
tine, H. S. Scott, Robert T. Lefge, A. J. Chap
man. Merrltt D. Robison, J. w. White, L. H.
Smith. R. H. Donaldson, James B. Kent,
Charles K. Howe, E. A. Chrlsteasen. George 11.
Fotxlks, < . L. Mitchell, G. E. Bennett. F. T. I
Martens, Thomas <". Molloy, Ernest R. Pearce,
Dr. E. H. Lake, Norton "Wells. C. A. Judab,
Clarence McKenna, Harold C. Klrkptunck, R.
C. Yanke, V. F. Iloebcher, William Hoelscher,
H. P. Howard, E. L. Weuipie, Jason Gould, Dr.
R. E. O'Connull, William Corbett, Dr. Joseph
F. Twist, Charles L. Hojjue.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Betrothals Made Public
Last Week.
THE engagement is announced of Dr. E.
J. Freyer to Miss Irene Boise of Kansas
City, Mo. -
The wedding of M;ss Becky Jacobs and
lsador Joseph, an employe oi the Southern
Pacific Company, will be solemnized at the
bride's residence, 7-3 Turk street, on Sunday,
December 27. They will reside at 028 Haight
avenue, Alameda.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Young Folks Assemble at the Resi
dence of Miss May Lowney.
A VERY pleasant surprise party was given
to Miss May Lowney by her many friends
last Friday evening at her parents' resi
dence, 225 Shotwell street. The young folks
spent the evening in singing, dnncing and nu
merous other games, and at 11 :30 o'clock pro
cfeeded to the dining-room, waere supper was
served. Among ttiose present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Lowney, Mr. and Mr.--. Dalton, Miss May
Lowney, Miss Mayme Dal.on, Miss Loretta
Sleath, Miss Sylvia O'Loghlen, Miss Florence
Lowney, Miss Nora Meyers, Miss Hilda Levy,
Miss Til lie Caro, Miss Mary Diercks, Miss Mol
lie McKay, Miss Ida Kinir.y, Miss Hannah
Nathan, Heury Diercks, William Meyers, Wal
ter Jackson, George Dowden, Walter Thomp
son, Harry Murphy, Q«orge Carroll, James
Doyle, Eddie Eisenschimel, George Lowney,
Charlie Dalton.
A birthday surprise party was given recently
to Fred Bouitield at his home, 17 Linden
avenue. Amonsr those present were: Misses
Marie Hau^en, Hulda Koehler, Pauline Mil
ler, Carrie Bruening. Lulu Bonineld, Theresa
Bonitield, Lillie Butzke. Emma Butzkc, Mrs.
G. Audibert, Mrs. B. floni field, Miss Anna
Butzke, Miss Setta Butzke, Mrs. J. Bonineld.
David Foley, Robert WVUs, Otto Butzke,
Arthur Koehler, Charles Miller, Mr. Tyler,
Fred Bonitield, Gni Audibert. Snmuelßonifield,
Hugo Koehler, Mr. Reeve, Gustave Audibert,
James Bonineld.
A CHRISTMAS DANCE.
A Pleasant Evening With the
Little Folks on Fairy Lawn.
FAIRIES, elves, goblins and all the delight
ful characters that roam through the
pages of childish lore met and sang and
romped and danced on the stage of California
Hall Tuesday evening, for the annual exhibi
tion of the juvenile class of Irvine's Academy.
Mother (ioose, Cinderella, Ala<ldin, Little
80-peep, Red Ridinghood, Little Boy Blue,
Humpty-Dumpty, Jill and Jack were all there,
surrounded by iairits or spangles and gauze,
each prettier than the other.
"The Children's Christmas Dream," an oper
etta interspersed with melody ana ensemble
dancing, was the first number the little ones
presented. The hall was crowded to the doors
and applause was loud mid unstinted.
Following the lairy piny came a tnwildering
variety of lancy dances. To' Miss Victory Orr
assuredly went the honor due to a premier
danseuse. Miss Oaire White, a graceful little
tot, danced the hornpipe with a charming
abandon and also appeared to advantage iv
the class dances. It would be hardiy fair to
particularize, though, for each dan'co and
dancer was worthy of special mention. The
following was the evening's programme in
full.
"The Children's Christmas Dream"—Char
acters: Santa (Jlaus, Carl Johnson; Queen of.
Fairies, Victoria Orr; fairies— Susie Walker,"
Georgie Smith, Sadie Falk, Kath Adams Edna
Kiivage, Juliette Turpin, Alice Brouillard,
Evelyn Beaudet, Gertie McMahon, Sopnie
Hurlbert, Louice Langley. Pauline Lewis.
Nursery rhymes — Mother <.4oose, Ruby
Koehnclte; Cinderella, Bertha Moody; Alad
din, Freda KchhcKer; Little 80-peep,
Georgette Orr; Red Kidinghood, Claire
Wnite; Little Boy Blue, George Shade; Humpty
Uurapty, George Paulsen; 1 ill, Rosie Bennett;
Jack, Camille Beaudet; hornpipe, Francis
Agner; sword dance, Mnirgie bassett; lovers'
quarrel, R. Roscnbium and A. Burg; character
aauce, Carl Johnson; taMbuurine dance, Flora
Coulle; Italian scarf dance, V. Orr, V. King, D.
Falk, B. Alderman, M. Leeompt. L. Bresiauer
E. Savage, C. White. E. Beaudet, T. Weiners,
K. Rosen blnra; hornpipe, Camille Beaudet;
little Ah Sid, Susie Walker; skirt dance
Miriam Solomon; hornpipe, Victory Oir; La
Manola. Francis Agner: rainbow dance Jou-
Jou St. Germain; esmeralda, G. McMahon and
B. Alderman; hornpipe, J. Turpin, B. Moody
E. Beaudet, A. Burg, H. Leeompt, A. Itroni'l
lard, E. Savage; fan dance, Maggie Basset t;
cachuca, Freda Bchlfcker; Comin' Thro'
the Rye, E. Manning, P. Agner, H Wright,
B. Alderman, V. Kin;, G. Smith, C. Manning;
song ana dance, Victory Orr; tambourine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
dance. C. Johnson ; witches' dance, S.Walker, S.
Falk. P. Shipper, C. White, SL Hurlbert, J. St.
Germain; flinj, Francis Agner; fascination,
Cassie Carter; czardas, Eva Loveland: fling,
M. Lecompt, A. Burg. R. Bennett, ('. White, M.
Solomon; hornpipe. Flora Coulie; Irish Wash
erwoman, Leona Breslauer; Bpanlsh group
dance, J. Sturgess, J. Turpin, E. Ayres, A.
Brouillard, F. Agner, S. Walker, S. Hurlbert,
E. Manning, P. Shipper, G. Smith, R. Adams,
B. Moody; tarantella, Vicy Orr; hornpipe,
Claire White; veil dance, Birdie Alderman;
fairy dance, 11. Wright, E. Manning; skirt
dance, Francis Agner; hojnpipe, Maggie Bas
sett; Christmas drill, R. Adams, A. Burg, R.
Koenncke, H. Wright, C. Manning, M. Solo
mon, B. Falk. E. Kuenzal, ,1. Sturgess, L. Bres
lauer, F. Beaudet, A. Brouillard.
AT CORONADO.
Interesting Notes From This Popu-
lar Southern Resort.
AH. BUTLER of Japan has been staying
at the Hotel Coronado the past week.
* Miss Kerby and maid of New York
passed several days at the Hotel Coronado
very agreeably early in the week.
Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Dlnkelspiel were recent
San Francisco guests at the Hotel Coronado.
A Chicago party comprising E. C. Potter and
son, Miss Margaret Potter and Miss Eaton are
staying at Coronado.
Miguel Latz of Magdalcna has been enjoying
the pleasures of life at Coronado.
Mrs. Cotton, wife of Captain C. L. Cotton of
the Philadelphia, has returned to Coronado
for the winter.
Thomas Brown and Miss Brown are San
Francisco guests now at tho Hotel Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Gilchrist of London, Eng
land, are stopping at Coroniido, having made
the trip from San Frnncico by Meamer.
James riogg of the Sperry Company, San
Francisco, has engaged rooms at Coronado for
the Christmas holidays for himself and party.
Mrs. and Miss Elliott, New York, are at Coro
ns>do for December.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Hetschard of Saiera, Or.,
are recent arrivals at tne Hotel Cornudo.
Mrs. D. E. Hayes and Miss F. E. Hayes, fun
Francisco, are at Coronado for an extended
stay.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. A. Waterhouse were at
Coronado from San Francisco this week.
Phiiip Halzell and Philip M. Halzell are
Philadelphlans staving ut Coronado.
C. W. Buck, Highland, 111., is a late arrival at
the popular southern resort.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Raymond Evening at Home and
Other Entertainments.
AN "evening at home" was held by Miss
Helen E. Raymond last Thursday even
ing at her residence, 2759% Harrison
street. Miss Emily Jehle entertained the
guests with her excellent performing on the
i piano. Miss Jehle will leave tor Berlin in the
I early spring to complete her musical educa
tion. Those present were: Miss Elaine Davis,
Miss Emily Jehle, Miss Mnud Briggs, Miss
' l Bertie Tubt) and Miss Helen E. Raymond ; also
Messrs. Sanchez, Rudolph Raetz, Henry F.
Muhl, Henry Becker, F. Scott, Frank Peebles,
W. W. Witeman, and Mr. and Mrs. Raymond.
On the evening of December 5 at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Roberts, 3370
Twenty-second street, a very etijoyi-.ble birth
day party whs tendered 10 Miss Daisy A. Cross.
The evening was epent in playing games,
charades and musical selections, alter which
v pleasant repast was served by the hostess.
The guests were ns follows: Mrs. A. J. Roberts,
Mrs. W. T. Lans field, Mrs. R. G. Styles, Miss
Daisy A. Cross, Miss Lily Berry, Miss Emma
Eil wards, Miss Marion Daily and Miss M. De la
Sweeney; Messrs. A. J. Roberts, W. T. Lans
tield, R. G. Styles, F. T. Cross, W. W. Davis, J.
R. Cross, C. E. Denlaney, E. L. Jones and Phil
Smith.
A very enjoyable party was given last Satur
day evening, November 28, by Mr. and Mrs.
A. B. Salsig at their residence in Golden Gate,
B rkeley. Dancing and games were in order
until midnight, when supper was partaken of,
after which festivities were continued until a
late hour. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Snlsig, Mr. and Mrs. Clark. Mr. <md Mrs. Ross,
I Mr. and Mrs. Walline, Mr. and Mrs. McCor-
I mick, Mrs. Murphy, Mrs. White, Miss S. Mur
r>hy, Miss H. Murphy, Miss M. Suttoa, Miss A.
Sutton, Miss M. Rukards, Miss F. Eccles, Mis*
M. Fo.ey. Miss A. O'Neil, Mus N. Morton, Mis^
M. King, Miss Ayden, Miss M. Eean. Misa A.
Eagan, Miss M." JicGinnis, Miss M. Flanigan,
Miss W. Foster. Miss F. Foster, Miss H. White,
Miss j. White, Miss M Byrnes,' Miss A. Byrnes,
Mi*s M. Russell, Mins M Connolly, MissS. Gil
logely; Messrs. J. Murphy, Little, White, King,
Kelley, Dawson, Lawso'n, Burke, Conahon,
Sienmaster, A. White, Donalson, F. O'Neil, E
O'Neil, Boyson. "YVinthrew, Commins, Ayden,
J. Sutton, Smith, A. Sutton. McDonald, Ander
son.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Fallek tendered a dinner to
the recently engaged young couple, Charles
Levin and Miss Satan Fass. Sunday, December
G. at tbeir residence, 1606 Powell street. Ten
couples sat down to table, and after an elabo
rate repast there were aancing and plenty of
fine music.
A very elegant reception was given by Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Smith, on Saturday evening,
December 5, at their home, 16 Yerba Buena
street, in honor of Miss Lillian Jocelyn. Some
very fine vocal and instrumental selections
were rendered by Allen's Orchestra, Proiessor
G. A. Williams and others. At midnight sup
per was served, after which games and danc
ing were indulged in until a late hour.
Among the invited guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
E. Allen, Mr. and Mrs. A. Allen, Misses Myrl
and Zelmu Allen, Miss Annie Carr, Miss Lillian
Jocelyn, Miss Aggie O'Brien, Miss Emily
O'Brien, Mi?s Kitty Stroud, N. Allen, K.
Kearns, K. O'Brien, C. C. White, G. A. Williams,
T. Barry, W. Birdick. H. Furlong, F. Schafer,
F. Dont, R. Allen, J. Kluug, T. Wurdheim and
A. Dumont.
The party given by the Misses Margaret and
Jennie Glover last Thursday evening, Decem
ber 10, was a very jolly affair.
The large pa'lors of the Clover home on
Green street offer unusual inducements for
dancing, which were quickly token advantage
of by the guests.
An admirable musical programme, consist
ing of a piano polo by Miss Griffith, a ballad by
Miss liamian tin ! a mandolin and piano duet
by Dr. C. A. Glover and Miss Margaret Glover,
was followed by a supper, the menu of which
was quite elaborate.
Among the guests were Miss Mattie Barman,
Miss Mary Powers, Miss O'Keefe, Miss Griffith,
Misses Margaret and Jennie Glover, Anthony
Griffith, John Powers. Lewis M Barman, Clem
«ia Wilder, Charles H. Farrell and Dr. C. A.
Glover.
CLUB PARTIES.
A Number of These Delightful
Gatherings of the Past Week*
THE Imperial Athletic Club celebrated its
first anniversary in a most enjoyable
manner last night at its hall, corner of
Harrison and Hawthorne streets. There was
a large audience present to joiu in the festiv
ities.
A large and appreciative audience assem
bled at Union-equare Hall, Wednesday even
ing, December 2, the occasion being the regu
lar monthly entertainment and social of the
Mission Literary and Social Club. The follow
ing programme was presented and well re
ceived by the large audience: Overture,
D'Arcy's orchestra; tenor solo, "The Palms,"
(fnure). Thomas W. Breen ; recitation (se
lected), Miss Blanch Silver; impersonations of
eminent actors, Edward Bnrrough; vocal
duet (selected), the Misses Minnie and Ida
Butzbach; comic recitation, Mrs. Mcy Jack
son; select reading (Shakespearian), Kenneth
McLeod; zither trio (under the direction of
Professor R. Reck), Dr. F. Hultberg, J. Cohen,
Professor U. Ileck.
After tne programme had been completed
dancing was inaugurated and continued until
midnight. The floor was under the direction
of William Pooley and Charles Molkenbuhr.
Independence Social Club gave a delightful
entertainment and dance at Mozart Hall, 1358
Market street, on Friday evening.
The second party of the Assembly Cotillon
Club was given nt Lunt's Hail on Friday even
ing lr.st. Dancing commenced at 8:30, and at
10 o'clock the german, led by Wilfred G.
Yanke, was formed, in which several or.ginal
and unique figures were introinced. The
music was delightful and in all a most enjoy
able evening was .spent.
The regular monthly entertainment and so
cial of tho Natl ye .Sons of Vermont was held on
I Friday evening in Odd Fellows' Hall. The at
tendance was auite large and all enjoyed the
renaition of the following programme: Petite
song, Baby Zelea Cook; pris on scene. "Bai
naby Rudge" (Dickeus), Elizub? th Strong
Worthingion ; sopn»nosolo,"P'>lona!se," "Mig
non" (A. Thomas), Miss Alma Berglund ; tenor
solo. "Serenade" (Sawyer), Frank Coffin; (a),
"Aunt Mahaly and the Britishers," (6), se
lected, "Wnltcomb Riley," Elizabeth Strong
Worthington ; cornet solo, "Funtasia Bril
liante," C. W. Crabtree.
The comedy "An Oak In a Storm," by Regi
nald Travers as Mr. Brown and Miss May
Campbell as Mrs. Brown, was then presented.
Dancing followed and was kept up until mid
night.
The whole affair was under the management
of the following officers: President, F. Dil
lingham; secretary, S. G. Cheever; treasurer,
R. A. Jowe'.l. V ice-Presidents— George Pnr
trldjfe, R. B. Carpenter, Dr. J. Townsend. Ex
ecutive committee— Dr. S. H. Roberts (chair
man), M. T. Ellinwood, A. W. Scott, V. F.
Northrop, L. A. Hayward, C. M. Foster and A.
C. Bates.
Ttie members of the ninth B and ninth A
cooking class of the John Swett Grammar
School were given a reception by their cooking
teacher, Miss Paxton, at the Harrison Primary
Schoo', from 2 to 4r. M. , Thursday, December
10, 1896. A short programme wag rendered
by the members of the class. Among the guests
were: Mr. Lyser, Mrs. Big?low. Mrs. Fifield.
Mrs. Hilvey, Mrs. Stein and friend, Mrg. Thomp^
son, Mr Hackett, Mrs. Goldman. Mrs. Neu
man, Mrs. Merkle, Mrs. Greenblatt, Mrs. HiJ
derbrecht, Miss McElroy, Miss Flynn, Miss
Fitzgerald, Miss McCounell, Miss Gallagher,
j Miss Gamm, Miss Cullen. Miss Curtis, Mrs.
Fuller, Mrs. Moore, Mrs. George Clark, Mrs.
H. \V. Clark, Baby Eleanor Clark, Miss Gray.
Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Lutgen, Mrs. Ganns, Miss
"joggins. Miss Pernn, Miss Lawrence, Misses
Bokheim and others.
,A farewell party was given by the Alameda
Alpine Cotillon on Thursday-evening to Miss
Louise M. Faust, one of its members, who
leaves next week for Germany. The club par
lors presented a pleasing sight, being deco
rated with ferns and yellow chrysanthemums.
Many figures were danced, Miss Anna Shaerer
leading with Guy Pocock. Harry D. Lally Jr.
rendered a farewell speech. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Faust, Mrs. Delmas, Mr.
and Mrs. Douglas, the Misses Irene Delmas,
Maud Ambler, Em Wallice, Queenie L. Darrell,
Vera Patterson, Esther Deimas, Louise Faust,
Murill Barun, Effie Faust, Amy Curtis, Laurie
(te Vere, Harriet Delmount, Claire Grant, Lena
Wolf, Hazel Douglas, Anna Shaerer, Mabel
Norris, Mamie Brandon; Messrs. Cyril Del
mount, Nathaniel Jenu. Guy Pocock and
others.
IN THE FUTURE.
Fashionable Org animations Pre-
pare to Entertain.
THE members of the Entre Nous Cotillon
will give their tnird assembly and ger
man on next Friday evening, December
18, at the Palace Hotel. Several very pretty
and original figures will be introduced. San
ford G. Lewald will lead with Miss Marie
Babln.
The Portuguese Protective and Benevolent
Association will give a grand concert and ball
for the benefit of St. Joseph's Catholic Church
of Oakland at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street, on Saturday evening, December 19.
At the last meeting of the Fillinore-street
Improvement Club it was decided to give a
ball Tuesday evening, December 15. to secure 1
funds in oraer to have a grand street demon
stration Saturday evening, December 19, on
which occasion the eleciric lights placed in
the center of the street will be turned on for
the first time.
The noted Shakespearean reciter, J. Clarence
Abbott, will give "Julius Caesar" ior the benefit
of the furnishing fund of St Paul's Churcn at
the Guild Hall, California street, nearSteiner,
Thursday evening, December 17.
A grand testimonial benefit will be tendered
to Pietro Sosso at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary
street, Friday evening, December 18, on which
occasion will bu presented i he five-aci comedy
drama "The Golden Giant," with the following
cast of churrtet.rs: Alexander FairfhX, Maurice
Harris; Jtiek Masijn, Pietro Sosso; Max Wayne,
8. Matt; Duncan Lemoyne, Harry Edwards;
Bixby, George Henry; Pat Flynn. Walter
Kcogli ; Jack Mason Fairfax, "Little Alice
Locke; E:hel Wayne, Miss Maude Wheeler;
Mrs. liuggs. Mi.-s A. Henrichson; Mrs. Vander
pool, MiiS Louise Reynolds, a?id Bessie Fair
fax, Miss Al'eine Hill. Dancing will conclude
the evening's programme.
The Golden Gates will give a Christmas party
a> Caliiornia Hall on Christmas eve, Thursday,
December 24.
A carnival of nations for the benefit of St.
Alban's Church lund will be held at Fores
ters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, on the after
noons and evenings of December 21, 22 and
ZBt
Golden Gate Parlor No. 50, N. D. G. W., will
give a ChriMruas tree festival and social oa
Friday eve-iine, the 18th inst., in the banquet
hall, N. S. G. W. building.
The members of the N. S. L X., No. 10, will
Kive their seventh anniversary reception on
Tuesday evening, December 29, at L'lut's Hall.
It promises to be a most successful and enjoy
able gathering.
At the regular meeting of El Dorado Par
lor, No. 52, N. S. H. W., held last Thurs
day evening, the following officers were
elected to serve during the incoming
term: Past president, Mcl H. Baker;
president, S. G. Gunther; Brat vice
president, Lew B. Mayer; second vice-presi
dent. F.T.Norton; third vice-president, F. A.
Smith; trensurer, R. Horber; recording secre
tary, E. N. P. Phelan; financial secretary, M. T.
Arey; marshal, D. T. Lowney; Inside
F. Hoffman; outside sentinel, J. McKibbon;
surgeons— -Dr. W. J. Hawkins, Dr. E. Frisbie;
trustees— J. Evers, G. Btroeeker and Christo
pher Melntyre.
This parlor will hold its next anniversary
ball Friday evening, February 19, 1897. at N.
S. Hall.
-The Western Addition Literary and Social
Club has issued Invitations for its regular
monthly entertainment and dance on Wednes
day evening, December 10, at Native Sons'
Hall. A comedy in one act, "The Picture,"
preceded by an interesting literary and musi
cal programme, will be presented. Dancing,
as usual, will conclude the evening'B enter
tainment.
PERSONALS.
Dr. W. Lee Norris of Cincinnati, Ohio, re
turned home Thursday after a tour of several
months' duration of the Western States.
While in tnis City he was the guest of Dr. T.
F. Brennan.
Mrs. Strelitz Davis has moved from Hotel
Normandie to 918 Van Ness avenue and is at
home the last Saturday.
Dr. Luclla Cool, who has been very ill with
the fever, is able to be around a^aiu, and will
return to California in the spring and open
an office in Oakland and branch in Haywards.
She has been very successful all through the
tropics for the pnst two years, and has made a
name throughout the Central American Re
publics.
Mr?. Sol Getz of 507 Devisadero street will
receive on the last Thursday of each month.
After a stay of over a year in Canada Miss
Minnie Williamson has returned to the right
side of the line. She has been visiting her
mother's old home in Norwich, Conn., prepara
tory to a return n> New York for the winter.
Luke M. Descalso and his partner, Charles L.
Ely, are in New Orleans on their way to New
York on a business trip.
Miss May E. Grace has returned from Los
Angeles.
Hon. Willis Dunbar of Calaveras County, ac
companied by his wife, is in the City.
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Crocker have taken
rooms at the California Hotel for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin have been
passing the week at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. William L. Gerstle, nee Hecht,
have returned from their wedding trip
ihroiiEh the Eastern States and are at the Pal
ace Hotel.
Mrs. John W. Mackay and Mrs. Henry Rose
ner are in Rome.
Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Arnold arrived in New
York City last Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. William Harvey Jardine, nee
Bucknall, are in New York City and will re>
mail there aud in the vicinity until July,
when they intend returning to San Francisco.
Dr. and Mrs. Frank H. Fisher, nee Berry, will
remain at their residence, 1812 Van Ness ave
nue, until about the middle of January, when
they will go to New York City to reside.
S. C. Pardee is passing the winter at the
Hotel Rafael.
Senator and Mrs. Le Grande Cannon Tib
betts have returned to Albany, N. V.. after a
month's visit to Mrs. J. A. Folger, in Onkinnd.
Rothwell Hyde has returned to St. Helena
after a brief vsit here. He contemplates a
European tour early in the spring.
Dr. and Mrs. Morton Grinnell (nee Cather
wood) sailed last Wednesday from New York
for Gibraltar, and will pass the winter on the
Nile. Maj^r and Mrs. John A. Darling, Third
Artillery, U. S. A., will sail for Honolulu March
4 on the steamship China. If Dr. and Mrs.
Grinnell carry out their original intention of
making a tour of the world, MRJor and Mrs.
Darline will join them in Japan in April, and
they will all return here together. Major and
Mrs. Darling are now at Madrone Villa, Ruth
erford, Napa County.
Mrs. L. Hastings-Jerome and Miss Marie
Zaue have gone to Madrone Villa, Rutherford,
Napa County, to pass a month with Mrs. John
A. Darling.
Edward Walden Jr. and family of Philadel
phia are at the California Hotel.
Mrs. J. H. F. Peck of Los Angeles is visiting
Mrs. W. B. Hopkins at her residence, 2230
Jnckson streei.
Consul mid Mme. A. de Lalande are at the
California Hotel.
Miss Clara Sutro is in Japan, en route to
China anJ India.
Mr. ami Mrs. Edwin Danforth have returned
from a visit to the Eastern States.
Mrs. if. E- Bush of Kochester is here on a
visit to her sister, Mrs. R. H. Warfleld, at the
Calilornia Ho:el.
Miss Ada Sullivan is the guest of her sister
in-law, Mrs. Krßiik J. Sullivan, at ihe Hotel
Majestic in New York City. They will return
home before the holidays.
SIG. H. AOKERMAN'S DEATH.
Consumption Closed trie Career of a
Gifted Young Merchant.
Sip. H. Ackerman, a representative of
the mercantile house of Mendell Bros.,
Chicago, died Thursday of consumption
at Oakland. He was a young man— only
35 years of age— whose business talents had
attracted the attention of his seniors. Few
men in mercantile life have given more
brilliant promise of a successful future
than he gave. He formerly lived in San
Francisco, but in 1887 went to Chicago,
and subsequently became the leading
buyers of Mendeil Bros Seven months
ago bis failing health suggested a sojourn
in this State. He died at the family resi
dence in Oakland. Deceased was a brother
of Isidore H. Ackerman, manager of the
firm ot Cook & Co., San Francisco.
Children's books and games— see the selec
tion and prices. Sanborn, Vail A Co., 741
Market st. •
ON A WHEEL IN
INTERIOR CHINA
Some Rough Experiences
by E. W. yon Dovane,
Now Here.
Was Once Rushed Into Prison
in Order to Be Saved From
a Mob.
The Hard Life of Missionaries Remote
From the Coast— Going Now
to M zico.
E. W. yon Frederick Dovane, a bicyclist
of New York, who claims to have wheeled
all the way to Tacoma, via Denver, and
who has now come from China, after pene
trating to the center of that country, is at
the New Western Hotel. He proposes
soon leaving on his wheel for fc-'outhern
California and crossing Mexico. Dovane
says he had some curious experiences in
China which were spiced sufficiently with
danger to keep him ever on the alert. He
landed at Shanghai and thence began his
trip.
"I had taken two wheels with me, and
for this I soon had occasion to rejoice,"
said he, "for twenty miles south of Shang
hai I fell twenty feet down while sitting
straight up on my wheel, it break
ing in a dozen different places. I had to
walk back to Shanghai aud get my new
wheel. The roails alon? the coast were
mo-tly fair and tne pigtails fairly polite.
"But it was different in the interior,
where I went for 200 miles. I soon had
occasion to see Chinamen in all their
stupi'liiy and superstition. None sur
t>assed in this way the inhabitants of
Yang Yua, a village of about 6000 people.
As soon as I came into town the people
began to crowd around me. The pave
ment of the streets is mostly so bad that
there is no chance to ride a bicycle. It is
difficult enough to walk.
"The people here never had seen a bicy
cle and surely thought me some kind of
their numerous dcvi s. The crowd around
me was so thick I couldn't move any more.
"Having come to a standstill tne people
got very inquisitive and tried to take my
wheel away. It becoming a little 100 se
rious I pulled out my revolver and shot
over their heads. This gave me a little
room and holding on to my bicycle 1
dashed forward through the crowd trying
to find the south end of the town. But on
account of the crooked streets, which pre
vail in all the Chinese towns, I could not
hnd it and came back to the same place I
had started from.
"The infuriated mob seemed to hare
known that I had missed the exit because
they were waiting for me.
"As soon as I got near enough stones,
old eggs and other things came tlying
very thickly. I shot again over their heads
Dut" without result, the crowd growing
larger and larger and more infuriated.
Now I thought my last minute had come.
But I did not get a chance to kill any Chi
namen because the Yamen (Mayor of the
town) came with a dozen soldiers and
rescued me and took me to prison over
night to keep me safe from the mob. Till
midnight I could hear the roar of the peo
ple before the gate of the prison.
"At 3 o'clock in the morning the Yamen
•% • : : id_v~>^t;2 ■ WEW TO-DAY— DBT GOODS. ' *
(fa
c/} few minutes spent in this store will bring you into
contact with more that is beautiful, useful and desirable in the
way of suggestions for Yuletide gifts than can be seen in any
similar store in this city.
Handkerchiefs.
Gifts may come and gifts may go, but Hand-
kerchiefs hold their own as the standard gift—
they are appreciated by man, woman and
child.
Men's Silk Initial Hand kerch lets, full sice,
At 25c, 35c, sOc and 75c Each.
Ladies' and Gents' Initial Handkerchiefs, 6
in a box,
At $1,31.75 and $3 a B x. \
Ladies' Scolloped Embroidered Handker-
chiefs, in entirely new designs,
At 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc and 75c Each, j
Children's Handkerchiefs, in an endless va- '
rietv of styles
Leather Goods.
Substantial articles, which are used every
day by all.
Alligator Combination Books, with sterling
silver corners, at $1 50, $1 65, $2, $2 50 and
$3 oO each.
Black Seal Combination Books, with sterling
silver corners, at 75c. $1, $1 50, $2 and S2 50
each.
Morocco Combination Book, with steriinz
silver corners, at 65c, 85c, $1 25, K2 and $3
each.
$2 G soeac^ aUetS ' alBsC> fl§ 50> 75 and
Children's Purses. 10c. 25c and 50c each.
I
Cushions.
800 Silk-covered Down Cushions, m entirely
new Brocaded and Embroidered designs, trim- '
mcd with handsome ruffle or cord, at $2 75
84. $5. $6 75 and 87 50 each. .
Visit Our Decorative Art Rooms
And see our Grand Disdav of Fancy Work,
compriuine an endless vaiiety of choice arti- '■
c.\?». at nrip.en wiihln the reach of all.
Our display of Holiday Novelties in Silks, Neckwear, Hosiery,
Underwear, Ribbons, Shawls, Umbrellas, Knit Goods and Tortoise
She!! Goods will well warrant an inspection.
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny St.
BRANCH STOKE. | MAIL, ORDKKS RECEIVE OCR
742 sincl 744 Market St. i prompt attention.
helped me out of town. I never cared to
look back at the place, and just rode
ahead. For many -nights between there
and Koochow l slept outside the towns
in some rice fields on account of the hos
tility of the natives.
""In Nym Yen I had a similar experience ?>,
to that in Yang Yua, but was saved by a { \
Chinaman who had been a laundryman in I ■
INew York. The crowd having become
very hostile this man came to me anl
asked where rr £ ad come from. When I
told him New - Aork his face became all
?£«! t«??fc L nnin K he explained some
thing to the others, and all were then my
his house laundr took me into
- "In Fuchow I saw the ereatest opium.
house aiong the Coast there bein* at least
500 berths for opium-smokers. The
farther south I got the smaller became the
feet of the Chinese ladies. In all the
bigger towns where I stopped over nights
I had to buy a lantern, nobody being al
lowed to so without a lantern after sun
down. 1 had treat trouble in every town
; about my passport, which 1 had to take to
the Yamen. The first trouble was to rind
him, since I was often not able to make
myself understood. When I came to one
man he usually sent me to somebody else
as he did not know what to do with the
passport.
'•The next big town was Canton, which
is part Tartar and part Chinese. Three
miles from there i* the boat town, known
all over China. The town consists of
about 1000 boats on the river, where the
Chinamen live all their lives. From there
I went to Hongkong, situated, as is
known, on an inland, opposite Canton.
There 1 had the pleasure of again seeing
Americans. The only white men I saw in
the interior were the missionaries, who
lead here a very miserable life."
FOR FOREIGN PAIRS.
Help to ltc Svctiiprt for State
Abroad.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors listened favorably yesterday
afternoon to requests for appropriations
for San Francisco exhibits contemplated
at a Central American and at a German
exposition. While it did not grant the
money forthwith it was understood that
an effort will be made to find the funds from
which the two amoants may be taken.
The county of San Francisco allows
$2500 a year for advertising purposes. Two
representative committees appeared before
the Finance Committee and together en
deavored, to secure a goodly part of the
amount. One committee, working in the
interests of a display of San Francisco
goods to be made at the coming Guate
mala exposition, wanted $1500, and its ar
guments were advanced by Secretary Carl
H. Clark of the Guatemala exposition, C.
R. Bundschu, E. R. Lilenthal, N. W.
Spalding and others; the other commit
tee, representing the Btate Board of Trade,
was after $1000 to be used upon a Califor
nia exhibit at the horticultural exposition
at Hamburg, Germany, next year. Sec
retary J. Filcher, J. E." Emery, L. 0. Me-
Afeo, J. B. Lanksrshimof Los Angeles, R.
H. Ryan and N. P. Batchelder were on
the latter committee.
An Abandoned Child.
A little child was abandoned on the corner
of Turk and Laguna streets Friday evening in
a most peculiar manner. The mother, Mrs. Jane
Kausch, was seen to leavo it on the street
corner and walk away. A gentleman who saw
her made her take the child again, and then
she left it In the nearest grocery-store anddis
appeßred. The child was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital. About eight months ago the
woman's husband left her and since then sho
has been arrested for cruelty so her children.
She was then sentenced to six months' im
prisonment. She is believed to be insane.
The abandoned child is about 5 months old.
Morn Milk Examined,
The Milk and Food Inspector of the Board of
Health, with a number of assistants, field up
thirty-four milk waeons on *'ridar morning in
a search for adulterated milk. Samples were
taken from path load and a report was made
at the Health Office that all were found to be
pure.
Kid Gloves..
An assortment equaled by few stores in all
America; certainly by none in this city. All
lengths, all shades, all prices.
Ladies' Walking Gloves, with 2 Urge clasps,
in black, brown, tan, mode and red.
At $1 a Pair.
Indies' English Walking Gloves, with 4 larg«
pearl buttons and latest embroidered backs, in
all colors. At $1.50 a Pair.
Ladies' 3-Cla«p Trefousse Pique Gloves (best
quality), in all the latest shades, for street
wear, At $2 a Pair.
Men's Kid Gloves, at $1 and $1.50 a Pair
Children's Kid Gloves, with plain and with
fur tops, at 9\ a Pair.
We issue Giove Order Cards for as many pain
of Gloves as yon wisn to present, for which the
recipient eau get any size or color at any time
A* Handsome Satin Pachet presented wltk
each Glove Order oi $5 or over.
Fans.
From the cheaper to the very finest grades.
The greatest display we have ever presented.
Empire Fnna (small fan), richly painted and
spang;ed with carved and decorative Bticka, in
newest colorings, at 75c, $1 35. $1 90, $2 25 to
$30 each.
Ostrich Feather Fan?, made from the choicest
plumes, at $7 25. $8 75, $11 50 to $33 each.
Gauze Fans, hand painted, at 75c, $1, $1 X),
$2 to $15 each.
Sterling Silver.
The most beautuni articles are manuiacturea
this season from th'.s precious metal. Our
Ftocfc is full of Novelties of every description,
from which the most varied taste can be suited.PASSING Of THE
OLD DIRIGO CLUB
The Old Building on Geary
Street Is Being Raz?d
to the Ground.
A Change of Ownership Causes
a Landmark to Dis
appear.
A Brief History of the Once Famous
Quasi-Military Political Organ
ization.
The building on the north side of Geary
street, west of Powell, that for a number
of years was the rendezvous and head
quarters of the well-known quasi-military
and Dirigo Republican cJud, is being razed
i«o make room for an elegant modern five
gtory building.
This in its clay was one of the most spa-
The Famous Headquarters of the Dingo Club, Now ii Process of
Demolition.
cious ana elegant private residences in
San Francisco. It was built by a man
named Kline, who kept a wholesale hat
. store on Front and Sacramento streets in
Subsequently it was purchased by
Jiianta de LaVeaga for $44,000, and in 1884
was rented by the Dirigo Club, which or
ganization n:ade its walls vibrate with ;
patriotic speerh and song.
This memorable building changed own- j
ership a few weeks ago from the heirs of
Jj" Laveaga to that of A. Aronson for
XX), and with the change of ownership
Tf me.tbe demolition of the old house in
" bso many t;ala receptions had been
ed by the cream of San Francisco so
le jt, on occasions when the DirigoCiub
medJbera pave recej tions.
A brief description of the Dirio Club
and its fouuders may now lind s fitting
place.
Sitting In the rotunda of the Prle.ce
Hotel ove evening in June. 1834. about the
time that James G. Biaine received the
nomination for President, were Edwin P.
Danfortii Jr., Colonel W. H. Chamberlain,
(t. B. Knowles, B. B. Keilogg and R. B.
Woodward, when the subj-ct branched
jnto politics. Mr. Danforth sugeesied the
formation of a Blains Republican Club.
The suggestion was deemed a good one,
acd after an exchange of ideas it was de
cided to call the organization the Dirigo
Club and to take none in as members but
young men of the very h^st standing in
the City, and that the initiation fee be
ii^ed nt"s2s and dues at $10 per month.
On this basis the Dingo Club was organ
ized with the following-mmed gentlemen
as charter members: W. H. Chamber
lain, E. P. Panforth, G. 15. Knowles, B. B. j
Kellogg, R. B. Wood ward. Louis Montengie, 1
F B. Peterson. W. H. CrocKer, T. G. |
Doherty, P. F. Pennell, G. T. Pnelps, J.
K. Phelps W. W. Morrow, S. M. t'hort
ridge E. A. Belcher, W. M. Castle, J. is.
Eiliott. E. E. Kentfield, F. P. Bates, S. B.
Uuckbee, K. J. Woods, H. J. Crocker, H.
A. Plntt, H. M. HincKley and George
Rpddinr.
Immediately after obtaining the signa
!.:resof those twenty-live gentlemen the
Jnllowinu officers were elected: Colonel >
W. H. Chamberlain, prescient ami cap- I
tain; E. P. Danforth, vice-nresident and
first lieutenant; G. B. Knowles, secretary
and second lieutenant.
The by-laws provided th« no greater
number "than 100 should be enrolled as
members.
The Dirigos remained an active political
A and social organization until the latter
M:>artof 1883. when it became merged into
he present Union League Club.
HE UPPEROUTS BABIES.
John Cafferty, ex-Pu ir*t, Uses His
Strength on Children.
Johnny Cafferty, aged 9 years, was taken
on Friday from his Home on Sussex street
to the office of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children by Officer Mc-
Murray. Here the officer nested him
to disrobe that severe bruises inflicted
upon him by his erne! father might be
seen by the officers of the humane society
and by a representative of The Call.
When the body of the poor child was
brought to view there was a chorus of ex
clamations of horror and disgust. The
child's shoulder-blades protruded, his
ribs could be counted, his arms were small
and pitiful. Generally his anatomy told
of insufficient food, hard work and rough
treatment.
Twice everyday his father has sent him
out to sell tbe daily news we™',^*^?*
been turned out of bed at 4:30 o clock in
the morning many days and compelled to
trudge on foot away ,: f rom ? Susse x street
down to the business part of tn e ;CU£to.
cell papers. Then he has walkfiQ home,
eaten a scanty breakfast and Hurried to |
t cuool After scnool he has been sent out
to sea evening papers. .Wi..neTe« he has
lost money by purchasing too many pa
pers his father has beaten him. — • .^ ' .
P Once before complaint was made gainst
the father, John Cafferty, and onwhj J«
Crested. For a time he seemed to behave
lWe!f a little better, but this was only a
«#inr>orarv relief. There is no doubt that
iV ceedin y j Uill again be brought gainst
Cafferty. His little boy * a* i not permitted
to return home last night, but was held as
" %£ beat the baby, too." -id; little
Johnny Cafferty. "The baby .only la
months old. > He strikes it in the face with
T£e a r nn ce d 'ar« four children in the Cafferty ,
family, aged respectively 9, 7 and 5 years
and 15 months. Two are boys and two
are giris. Cafft-ny wa? former! 7 a pugilist
and ruet the woman Wi.o becime h:s wife
in Australia. She married him wueu she
was only 15 years old. She is now about
26. Johnny, the oldest boy. is only 3 feet
and 9 inches tall and weighs less than
sixty pounds. Cafferty is now working at
the "City and County Hospital. He was
employed at one time by Gray Bros, as a
laborer laying pavements.
PENMAN EPPINGER.
Sentenced to State Prison for Twelve
Years by Judge Wallace.
Judge Wallace on Friday sentenced W.
L. Eppinger to nerve twelve years in the
State Prison at San Quentin for uttering
and passing a fictitious checK.
The Eppinger case has been in Judge
Wallace's court for nearly four years and
this is the fourth time that he has been
sentenced, so he has in a measure become
accustomed to that ordeal.
Attorney H. G. W. Dinkelspiel and
Wslliam M. Cannon earnestly interceded
for Eppinger, urging that clemency be
extended by the court. The prisoner ad
dressed the court in his own behalf. He
declared that he had already been pun
ished enough, even if he had been guilty.
In conclusion he vehemently asserted his
innocence and declared that he would yet
prove the existence of the man M- Howell,
who«e name was on the check.
"If you do that the Governor will
pardon you," replied judge Wallace.
During the proceedings an nffi lavit was
offered, sinned by George Wiebman, to
the effect that tbe affiant know M. Howell,
the alleged indor^er of the check.
Judge Wallace asked where the affidavit
was made, and when told that it was
sworn to in Mann County the Judge
asked that it b^ submitted for his exami
nation. It surued out that Wichrnan is a
i'ellow-onvict and the atlidavit was made
in ban Quentin at Eppinger's request, so
it was not considered.
In passing sentence Judge Wallace said
be wouid take into consideration the time
already served by Eppinger and his good
record at San Quentin. The original sen
tence was :or fourteen years. A credit of
two years would oe ailowe 1 and the pris
oher would be required to serve only
twelve more years.
CARFARES MAY GO DOWN
Attorney-General Nearly Ready
to Make an Issue on the
Subject.
Then the Market-Street Railway May
Be Compelled to Show Its Books
and Accounts.
Within a few days, in all probability,
the Supreme Court will be asked lo issue
a writ of mandate at the instance of At
torney-General Fitzgerald, acting for the
Board of Railroad Commissioners, to com
pel the Market-street Railway Company
to submit its books and accounts to the
Commissioners.
To reacii this end a cetition will be filed
and also a brief in support of the petition
for the writ. It is an open secret that
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has been at
work o;i these papers for some time, de
voting a great deal of study to the subject.
The information is authentic that the end
of this labor has been about reached. At
torney Fitzgerald would neither affirm nor
deny yesterday that the papers were about
ready to rile, but there is little doubt '-hat
such is the fact.
The question which will be decided in
chief is whether a street railway line is a
transportation company as contemplated
under the State constitution. If the
Supreme Court shall decide this question
in the aifirmative the jurisdiction of the
Board of Railroad Commissioners over
street railways would appear U> be estab
lished. Asking that t:e Market-street
Railway Company snail be ordered to
show its books and accounts will raise the
main question, and this is therefore the
principal point of contention.
The Railroad Commissioners believe
that they have the risht and it is their
duty to have knowledge of and control of
rate-makine over the street railways of
the State. The action of the court will
have v wide application, for if the Market
street Railway Company can be made to
yield obedience all other street railway
lines in the State will necessarily have
only the same status. The Commissioners
liave not adopted any resolutions estab
lishing a rate for transportation on any
street railway. Further action wiil de
pend upon the decision of the Supreme
Court, Which must define the constitu
tional position and powers of the board
in this regard.
•—• — ♦ — »
'• Hard Ti:nes."
At a meeting of the unemployed held Sun
day it was decided to print an edition of a
publication similar to that issued by the un
employed thres years ago called "Hard
Times." Now, hs then, butcher-paper will be
used. Ten copies \«-ill be uippiiea gratis to
each unemployed. Additional copies will cr.st
1 tent each to the unemployed only, and be
sold for 5 cents. liy I hi* method it is hoped
that the male portion of the unemployed will
be enabled to earn their own chr.Mruas dinner
and thus relieve the various charitable insti
tutions from supplying it fur them.
• _ ■' ,—, — • — — • . .v ■ ■
"Evening With th»» Nations. "
The temple workers of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church, Post street, between Buchanan
and Webster, announce "An Evening With All
Nations," to be given by Miss Daisy C. Gil
more and other local talent on Tuesday even
ing next at '.he church. Tickets will be 25
cents. The attractive programme contains
selections by Miss Gilmore, Miss McConnell,
Miss Howell! Miss Berglund, Miss Doane, Miss |
DHerenft and Messrs. Mayers, Adetstein and
Elliott. "
Cabinet, Paris panel and portrait frames,
new styles and low price*, at Snnborn & Vails.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
PRESENTS FOR EVERYBODY!*
MEN'S
HANDKERCHIEFS !
At (MEN'S HEMSTITCHED ALL-
-1 fIL -{LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
lu2\i (large size, at 12^c each.
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED ALL-
At (LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, with
i}Ka -Uiand- em broidered initials, at 26c
uv\i (each; in fancy half-dozen boxes at
$1 50 a box.
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED ALL-
At (LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, with
Ofli» < hand-embroidered initials, very
Owv (neat designs, at 35c each; in fancy
half-dozen boxes at $'2 a box.
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED ALL-
At (LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, with
rA _ -(hand -embroidered initials, extra
v"\i (tine goods, at 50c each; in fancy
half-dozen boxes at $3 a box.
REEFER SCARFS AND MUFFLERS.
At 75c, $1.00. $1.50 to $3.00.
MEN'S SINGLE REEFER SCARFS,
haiid-hemstitcheJ, at 75c and $1;
Double Reefer Scarfs at $150 and $2;
Hand - Embroidered and Spanish-
worked Reefer Scarfs, in handsome
floral designs, at $3 each.
At 75e, $1.00. $1.50 to $3.00.
MEN'S SOLID-COLOR SURAHS AND
FANCY BROCADED MUFFLERS,
in a choice assortment of colorings, at
75c, U, $1 50 to $3 each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
At (BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced
1r * -<knee?, double heels and loes, fast
0C (black, worth 25c, on special tale at
15c a pair.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED 1M-
At (PORTED BLACK CASHMERE
ar .(WOOL HOSE, size 5 to 7>j. worth
U'Jv (40c, on special sale at 25c a jair.
LADIES' 4- THREAD BLACK
At (MACO COTTON HOSE, extra
QO!» ■/high-splice'l heels, double solc3
OdciC (and toes, Hermsdorf dye, worth
50c, on specal sa:e at 3 pair for $1.
LADIES' IMPORTED CASH-
At (MERE WOOL HOSE, high-spliced
r/j. - heels, dcubie soles and toes, black
OVC (and natural pray, worth 75c, on
special sale at 50c a pair.
UU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
Gallir\g for Jrumps /Abused.
There is no play in the game of whist thnt is
so much abused as calling for trumps. As a
trick-losing play it has no equal emong those
that never study the game. We have seen
players wriggle around in their seats and
couldn't keep quiet until, they finished their
"call"; even then would not wait until, the
deal was played out before they would ast,
"Did you see my call?" nnd to them, that was
the essence of the play of that deal. The cum
ber of tricks they lost cut no figure. The fol
lowing is from the Rochester Post:
rSE THE SIGNAL CAREFULLY.
A common fault among whist-players of •
moderate ability is the frequent use of the
trump signal. As players become more and j
more proficient they use the signal less and j
less. But the beginner, who prides himself i
upon being able to see a signal, is always in a |
hurry to make one, and the result is usually a i
loss of tricks.' It is specially important not to
start a signal if you have only two cards and i
so are forced to complete it on tho next round j
of the suit — unless you are so very strong in j
the trump suit that the development does not j
matter. On this subject George L. Bunn says !
in the St. Paul Globe : , I
"The call for trumps is a valuable weapon, j
but it should be used with judgment. The
idea that a player must display his knowledge {
of this simple artifice just because he happens j
to hold great trump strength should bo aban- :
doned by those who hope ever to play a good |
game of whist. One very frequent situation j
where a call ought not to be made, yet often
is. Is where the trump hand's partner opens
with the ace of a plain suit, and the trump j
hand has two small cards of that suit and rfi \
suit of his own that requires trump exhaust- J
ing. In these case;, if the leader follows with |
a king the call must be completed and tho
leader must respond at once, probably leaving
his suit unes tablished and . rendering; the
making of tho small cards of it Impossible
without the presence of two cards of re-ei'try, ]
whereas by , continuing the suit ■■ for a third
round it will be established and but one re- |
entry card lis needed to bring it in if partner I
can exhaust the trumps." '
Whist Lessons That Ought to Be j
Learned.
In our whist talks at the Trist Duplicate
Whist Cluo Wednesday afternoons we give
practical illustrations . of scientific play. ;. As
many of our readers cannot avail themselves j
of the oportunity given them we Twill ask them
to lay out this deal, see how It was played and
then read the comments. This deal and com
ments on the olay are from George 1,. Bunn,
one of the greatest experts In this country:
No. 12.
. . ' ♦-7.4
O-Q, 7, 6
+-A.6.5
. / . O-A, J, 9L7,9 L 7, 3
3 I
♦-K.Q.10, 3 N |.*-A,9,8,6,2
O-K.B, 5,2 .w : F 0-10,3
+— X, 7 w X *— J, 6, 4, 2
O— K, 10, 8 ' 0-5,4
O ■ - - - -' -- ■ :■
♦-J,3
O— A, J. 9,4
+ -Q, 10,8,3
O-Q, 6, 2
Four hearts trumps; west to lead. V'
The winning card is underscored.
TKICKS.
ROtTTH.
WEST.
NORTH.
EAST.
i.. ....
2........
3...;;../.....;
4..;...;.......
5......:...:...
6..:1...
7 .;.:.::::
8~::.:Y.i:::::
9..............
.....:......
1..............
3~...... ......
3*
00
3+
Q0
•J*
in*.
4O
AQ
a+
20
60 "
X*
KQ
oft
7+ ;
50 '
"80
KQ
V*
10* ' i
80 l\
100 !
:
— —
4*
. 60 = i
A*
10 :j
7* -
6+
QO
70
:6: 6+ ■:
30
90
JO
AO
I ■
l!2*t?
100
r:.2+-;.r.
40 V
A»
0+
;
30
60
r 4*'- b
6*
■ ■ 9 » ■■"=•
Score: North and South six, East and West |
seven.
Mr. Bunn says that bad play Is often very I
instructive to whlot students. The deal w« I
WHAT TO BUY FOR CHRISTHAS PRESENTS is puzzling a good many people just now, but
all such will find a visit to our Great Holiday Sale replete with suggestions, as every department is
brimming with RARE and NOVEL ARTICLES especially designed to meet the demand for GIFTS
THAT COHBINE ELEGANCE, BEAUTY AND UTILITY.
Each article is further characterized by an EXTREME LOWNESS OF PRICE that packed our
store with delighted buyers last week, hence in presenting a few examples of this week's specials we
particularly invite those who can do so to call during the forenoon, and thus avoid the immense
afternoon crowds bound to be attracted by the
UNMATGHABLY CHOICE BARGAINS OFFERED.
NECKWEAR MIECKWEAB!
Novelties in LACE. i.HIFFON, MOUS-
SELINE DE SOIE AND RIBBON
COLLARETTES, FRONTS, JABOTS,
AND RUFFLES, at very low prices.
COLLARETTES AHO BOAS.
BLACK REAL OtiTKICH LEATHER
COLLARETTES, 18-inch ribbon ties,
finest quality of feathers, each one
boxed in a handsome X-mas box, at
$2, $2 50, $3, $4, $5, *6, *7 50, $9 each.
Black Real Ostrich Feather Bbas.
36-inch— ss 75, $6, $7 s<). $9, $10 each ; 45-
-inch— $10, $11 . r H). $12 50, $13 50 each;
54-inch— sl3 50, $15, $18 each. Each one
boxed in a handsome X-mas box.
LADIES' HANDKERCHiEfS!
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
ci . . EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
S/aC ) HANDKERCHIEFS, new designs,
4i l. f extra values, will be placed on sale
"• OC * J at,B^c, 10c, 12>iC 15c, 20c and 25c
each.
LADIES WHITE HEMSTITCHED
9Sc) AND SCALLOPED EMBROID-
to V ERED SHEER LINEN HAND-
S 3.) KERCHIEFS. Jatesi designs, will be
placed on sale at 2">c, 50c, 75c, $1,
$1 50, $2, $2 50 and $o each.
LADIES' WHI T E HEM-
IOc) STITCHED LINEN HANDKER-
to [■ CHIEFS, H, }■ 1 and \\4 inch h-m,
50c.) sterling rallies, will be offered at 10c,
12»4c, loc, 20c, L'oc, 35c and 50c each.
3000 boxes CHILDREN'S WHITE
AND COLORED BORDERKD
9Sc ) HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
II ox. r CHIEFS, with white or colored I
hand-embroidered initial, in
handsome boxes, on sale at 25c
per box.
I^STOREOPEN EVENINGS FOR THE BALANCE OF HOLIDAY SEASON.
\g{J Murphy Building, £
Market aad Jones Streeti
give avove was played in St. Paul a few even- ,
ings ago.
It contains several whist lessons that ought ;
to b? learned. The return of partner's suit; j
not. to put too much confidence in the honesty |
with which a wily opponent pl.ays hiscards;
an easy lesson in counting the hands. It also
shows that a false card play may be very I
aendly against poor opponents, while of no use j
against fine players, and that the snfest guard j
against ialse-cardiug is watching the drop for
other indications.
The comments on the play are by Mr. Bunn.
and it is in reading the comments that we eet
the whist instruction.
Trick 2— West's trump lead is sound.
Trick 3— We should not play king second
hand in this situation. West cannot lead
trump.- again advantageously, but he woula
like to have his partner get the lend and re
turn the trump. \Vei,t does not want tho lead
and should play low.
Trick 4— there are excellent reasons why
North should return his partner's suit. His
own suit is strong, but he is weak in trumps
aad has no re-entry. He should return ciub to
give South a fiue«-e. The play of kingsecond
hand has disclosed West's weakness, and a lead
up to him may result in a force, which will
prevent the making of the spade suit
Trick s— West sees that the diamond suit Is
completely established against him and avoids
a secona lead of trumDS.
Trick 6— A curious talse-cnrd p!ay made !
with a double object. East decides not to re
turn the trump ns one of the adversnrles must
have held at least four nnd partner was not |
strong enough to continue the lead. East can- j
not lead spades, for the weak hand wiil trump
and the sirring hand get a discard ; he does not
like to lead a diamond up to North's strength.
He decides lo return the club through the
strong and leads the nine from j.-ick, nine,
four. His idea is that South will play him for
returning the highest of two and will place
jack with West or North and go up with
queen. While if he leads a low card South
wiil be sure to pass. We think that South on
principle should have passed the nino or gone
up with queen, for it cartainiy seems impossi
ble for him to decipher East's play and his
subsequent play shows that he did not.
Trick B— North plays dangerously ia return
ing ttie trump. There can be no gain unless
South holds both ace and king, and there may
be a decided loss if he doe 3 not hold ace.
North should mace a sure thing of the hand
by returning the club.
Trick I.l— East's false club lead at trick 6
fixed the position of the clubs in Souths
mind, and he was apparently so certain that
his partner held jack of clubs that he did not
note his discard at trick 10. The threo of dia
monds shows that North had originally five
cards oi that suit, and that, therefore, his
three remaining cards are all diamonds, and
the jack of clubs must be with East. South [
failed to read a very simple situation and ;
threw three tricks at East. Of course West j
takes the opportunity to get rid of the ten of i
spades, giving East a clean field with his nine
and eight.
fetaluma Whist Tournament.
Monday eveniqg last the combined whist
cluds of Petaluma started in on a three days'
tournament in the rooms of Petaluma Social
Ciub. Nino teams of four entered for the
champlonsnip. Our whist editor was kindly
invited to referee the preliminary play,
which was conducted on the ilowell system.
He, with the able assistance of Messrs. Towne,
Atwater and C«mm, conducted the contest
without the slightest hitch. At the end of
this play the four teams having the highest
scores of matches won went into tho semi
finals. The lucky ones were the Ladies' Du
plicate Whist ciub, with Mrs. T. Denman.(cap
tain), Mrs. George V. McNear, Mrs. J. L. Camm
and Miss Nellie Lienman; the Petaiuma club,
with J. L. Camm (captain), L. Faulkner, H. T.
Fairbank and George P. McNear.
The Airships, with R. E?an (captain), Mr. and
Mrs. F. H. Atwater and A. Morstadt. The Mas
NEW TO-DAY -DRY GOODS.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS
At (LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy
nr a -jstriped tennis flannel, yoke back,
Iwv (latest style sleeves, on special aaie
at 75c each.
LADIES' WOOL "WAISTS, In
At (fancy plaids, latest style sleeves,
J. I ftp* -{yoke back, launderedx:ollar, reg-
sl«-0 (ular price $175, on special sale
at $1 25.
. f .LADIES' FANCY PLAID
&.\ in- J WAISTS, made in the latest
\1 /ft Jsiyie. lined through, will be of-
* ritlw Wed at $1 75 each.
At (LADIES' ALL-WOOL PLAID
J..» r A -{WAISTS, in fancy plaid effects.
$d.e)v (yoke back, regular price $4 25, on
special sale at $3 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
108 dozen 4- BUTTON UNDRESSED
At ( KID GLOVES, large buttons, colors
fr A» / mode, tan, siate and brown, a. l sizes,
uvli ( regular price $1, on special sale at
59c a pair.
100 dozen 4-BU T T O N KID
At (GLOVES, embroidered backs and
HZ * -<!arge buttons, colors tan, brown and
I VKi (modes, also blacK, all sizes, regular
price $1 25, on special sale at 75c a
pair.
75dozen4-BUTTON ENGLISH
At (WALKING GLOVES, in dark
itt A A -(and medium shades of reds and
%>I»VV (Drowns, worth $1 50, will be on
sale at $1 a pair.
\M\m Murphy Building, Jf
Market aai Joass Streets.
i > r >?f,pi''?,i OJd
mm
cots, with F. A. Wickcrjham (captain;, B. F.'.i
Cox, P. Sneet and L. Green.
In the semi-finals the Mascots won ngainst
the Airships, the Petalumas won from the
Lidits' Duplicate, and the finals that was
played on Wednesday evening between the
Mascots and Petnluma Socials was won by the
Utter by the score of 20 to 9 in twenty-fonr
deals. The Call congratulates the winner*
on their success. The names of the winning
team, J. L Camm (captain), George McNear,
H. T. Fairbanks and L. 'Faulkner, are all
familiar to the whist -players of this City.
We hope to see them as well as many other
teams at the annual convention, January 8
and 9 next.
Congratulations From Pasadena.
Whist Editor Call: I have noticed your gen
erous offer in regard to your "Whist Don'ts,"
and I wish, in benalf of a few ladies and my
self, to be among the favored recipients. If
you could send a half dozen copies of the
pamphlet which you mention In a late
number of The Call they would be most
gratefully appreciated. We wish you had a
price on your work, as we would feel more
roady to ask for them. The whist articles are
eagerly read nnd studied, for the profit and
pleasure of which please receive our thanks.
Most cordially yours, E. E. S.
Editor — Everything comes to him who waits.
Oar "Whist Don'ts" will be ready in about two
weeks, and will be sent free, they cannot be
purchased. The delay is caused by the intro
duction of the greatest whist novelty of the
day, "Solitaire Whist."
Oakland Whist NeWs.
The return game, ladles against gentlemen,
took place in the Oakland Whist rooms last
Monday evening, the ladies winning the
match by eight tricks. Some of the gentlemen
are under the impression that a few of the ■
boards were turned in the wrong direction,
but the ladies say it was only the "tables" that
were turned.
The second game between the San Francisco !
and Oakland ladies' teams of four was played j
off on Thursday la?t, the Oakland ladies scor
inc another victory bj - seven tricks.
A team of ladies from the Trist Club in
tended crossing lances with the Oakland
ladies during the past week, but no mutually
asreeoDle date could be made and the play
has been postponed for the present.
The tournament committee of the Oakland
Club gnve the members an opportunity to try
llieir skill on the hand that appeared in The
Call last Sunday and it created a great deal of
discussion. It seems to be the general opinion
that twelve tricks ought to be made by North
and South, providing a good strong vein of j
perception is brought into action as the play
of the hand develops the situation.
The Oakland Club evidently wants one or
more of those trophies now held by the San
Fr.inciscos. as they sent over teams last even- j
ing to play for both the Rideout and the Payot
cups.
The Linda Vista Whist Club.
The annual meeting of the Linda Vista Whist
Club was held at the residence of President R.
B. Calley, on the Heights. It was also the open
ing of the season's play. The election of offi
cers for the ensuing year took place. Mr. Cal
ley could not be persuaded to avcept tha office
for another term [he is a man after our own
heart.— Ed.], and Mr. Coffin succeeds him. S.
J. Taylor was elected secretary and treasurer
and E. A. Heron was chosen vice-president.
After the election of officers two hours were
spent at the silent game. Then from labor to
refreshments, where Mrs. (tolley was chosen
to preside. She quietly remiVked that during
this game over which she presided the players
could lead from any suit, long or short, but
hoped tney all had elastic suits.
Gonfession of Whist Plavjers.
Almighty and most merciful "Cavendish,"
we have erred and strayed from toy rulei like
UMBRELLAS AND
MACKINTOSHES!
At (LADIES' CLOSE ROLL SILK
*,) r A -^GLORIA UMBRELLAS, steel
fWt'Jv (rods, pearl handles, value $3 75,
will be offered at $2 50.
At (GENTLEMEN ' S SILK GLORIA
d-i) AA -{UMBRELLAS, steel rods., na-
?ui"v (tural handles, silver trimmings,
will be offered at $2.
At (200 MISSES' MACKINTOSHES,
(!•») AA -;n black, navy and mixed, value
$-.VV ($2 75. will be offered at $2.
At (600 LADIES' MACKINTOSHES,
tft AA -{double texture, in navy and
$O.VV (blues, value $8 50, will be offered
at $6.
At (850 LADIES' MACKINTOSHES,
*Q CA -<in tan, with brown velvet collars,
ffo.OV (value $12, will be offered at $850.
JAPANESE TIDIES!
At (JAPANESE TIDIES, hand-em-
O^a I broidered, value 6'Jc, will be offered
OdC (at 35c.
BOOKS AND GAMES!
We are offering a superb line of BOOKS
AND GAMES at LESS THAN THE
PUBLISHERS' PRICES.
«r if Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
3t, Bimb'ep uppists. We have followed too
much the devices and desires of our own j
hearts, spades, clubs ana diamonds. We have j
offended against thy sacred laws. We have j
left nntrumped those tricks which we ought J
to have trumped, and we have trumped those !
tricks which we ought not to have trumped,
and there is no whist in us. But thou, O
"Master," have mercy upon us miserable re
vokers. Spare thou them. O "Master," which
confess their fault. Restore thou them that
are penitent, according to thy promises de
clared unto the world in thy Twenty-second !
Edition, and grant, O most morciful "Master,"
for all our sakes, that we may. hereafter play
a careful, sound and scientific game to the ■
glory of thy great name. '„
, Prize problem No. 534.
DOUBLE DUMMY. . ■ ■
: From Whist, December Number. \ ; ■ ■
We will give an autograph copy of Miss {
Wheelock'3 new book, "Whist,", to the one \
who send us the best solution. Answers will i
be published the first week in January.
Diamonds trumps. North to lead.
North and South to take all eight tricks,
♦-X
O— K, J, 6
• ♦-A ..•■• - • • ■•
0-10,8,6
~N~
♦-J.B, 7 ♦-Q. 9.6.4,
07— w v O-A, Q, 10
+-X, 10 W E + -
0—9.7.4 0-5
3
A-A, 10, 5
♦-J. 8
0-Q.J.3
- Merit of answers will be determined by the
best notes.
Whist for : December.
, : - It don't seem possible that any lover of whist
can live, move and have a being without read
ing the December number of Whist, which is
particularly interesting. On the title page is
an interesting ; counterfeit presentment ot
"Uncle Dick";— every body's Uncle Dick—
Allen of Milwaukee. Wls.
There is a very interesting article from the
pen of one of the greatest writers on the game
now I living, : Ma jor-Genenrl A. W. Drayson, on
the subject of "Old Whist." ; - * ;
' The Woman's Whist League comes in for a
good liberal space in the way of a very inter
esting article from A. Elizabeth Wager-smith
of Philadelphia.
•* Edgar < Allan Foe on the game of whist.
From the Murders of the Rue Morgue.
Short-suit Whist by Starnes — Suggested
Changes in the Laws. r .
An article "on tho "League System of Whist
Play" and "Defining the Term Conventional,"
by the whist editor of The Call, and the last
and one of the most interesting articles from
the pen of a San Francisco gentleman in very
high standing on the subject, "Experimental
Permutations of Whist Hands." ~ if '
WKistlets. .
We are asked .what we would lead from the
following suit, jack of spades "turned on
your right: - : - -
.-.-"■ l. -"-■.•• 4-8,-4 ..-,■■ ■ -
0-8.6.5,3,2
*— X,8,6
O-K, Q, S ;
Answer— The . best opening in the : hand, in
our opinion, would be the king of diamonds.
We would never open the fourth best heart ;
the suit is valueless. If we were one of those
extremists who always open from their long
suit regardless of strength we would com
mence at the top and lead the eight of hearts.
; The whist editor of the Evening I Telegraph
of Philadelphia is acquiring : the habit of call
ing players "antiquated" that don't see fit to
adopt all the innovations that the whist wind
blows their way. ■;■-. ■.-•'■■; ; ":'.'' :'•; ;- : t'M'si":-
The third annual tournament of the Pacific
Coast Whist Association \ takes place -In this
SERVICEABLE
Holiday Gifts!
Those who wish to
select substantial and
serviceable articles for
| Holiday Gifts will be par-
ticularly interested in the
following items from our
superb stock, offered
At Specially Favorable Prices!.
HEMSTITCH FINE CAMBRIC
BUREAU SETS, scarf 18x!i4
inches, with deep hemstitch
and 3 matching pieces, beau-
tiful openwork and tambour jj*| PA
embroidery, at.'... .. ....'..... $jL»Ol/
EMBROIDERED CAMBRIC
BUREAU SCARFS, the new- (*\
est effects in Swiss goods, at. Utll/
ELEGANT EMBROIDERED
PILLOVV SHAMS, op;n-
work and tnmbour embroid- ©i \\ C\
cry, very effective, per pair at *p A- O\J
RICH CHENILLE TABLE
COVERS, the 3-1 size, large C» 1 Q^
assortment, at... ........ tJ)l»O f J
FRINGED FINE DAMASK
LUNCH SETS, large variety
of designs in pattern and col-
orings in border, set consists
of cloth and dozen doylies,
8-4 size $3, 10-4 size $325, and © Q Xf\
12-4 size §O.d\J
10-4 PURE WOOL FINE
WHITE BLANKETS, a •
grand fabric, on special sale <2j> A X A
at............. «p"±.OlF
2CO HIGH-GRADE FINE
, WOOLEN BUGGY AND
CARRIAGE ROBES, rich
colorings, the $8 50 quality, QK f\(\
on sale at tJpO.Ul'
FINE IRISH AND GERMAN LINEN
TRAY CLOTHS, CARVERS
SCARFS, SQUARES AND DOY.
LIES, both hemstitched and fringed*
at special prices.
DOWN QUILTS, all full size
(viz.: 6iG feet), in sateen
covering $3 50 to $5; silk ©1 OX A
covering $3 50 to tpl^tllf.
An Elegant Line of TINSEL
DRAPERY, new colorings, ~l(\{»
on special sale at.... ' xl/U
Iflf Murphy Building, / ,
Martet and Jones Streets.
City January 8 nnd 9, 1897. The convention
will be called to order at 11 a. ji. on Friday,
January 8. in the rooms of tlie Kan Francisco
Whist Club, 32G Post street.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
for mmm of Ml
WHICH CIIRKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILJKD.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when &
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the .mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe .pnin. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of saxual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid iii the shApe of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated Darts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the beiieli t of my experience.
lam uotaphilantnropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
}o mail the information, but se:id for it and
learn that there are a .few things on ear. h
that, although they cost nothing to get, ate
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamazoo, Mich,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
TOYS,
DOLLS,
GAMES.
Don't Walt Until the Last Week
.■'■■■-■■;.-•;- ■ " .
IMMENSE ASSORTMENT.
Lowest Prices!
Note— Goods delivered free of charge to Sausallto,
Bllthedale, Mill Valley, Tiburon, San Rafael, Anti-
och, Bto<ikton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Xapa, San | Lo-
renzo, Melrose, rfan Leandro, Oakland, A lamed*
and Berkeley. ..
818-820 MARKET
*he most certain and safe Fain Remedy. In»t»ntlr
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarssnoss, sort
Xhroat, Bronchitis, • congestions- aud , Inflamm* :
tlonii Buc per bottle, bold by DruwUu
2122
SUNDAY DECEMBER 13, 1896
CHARLES At. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.16
Pally and Sunday Calx., one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
V kiuuv Call, one year, by mall ............ 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
£an Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
£.17 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
m Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
! :? 0 o'clock. /
If 9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
133 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
TV . corner Sixteenth, and Mission street; open ;
mil 6 o'clock.
it 18 Mission street; open "ntll 9o'cloc£.
Jb7 &UiUiMreet; open until 9 o'clock.
•- iiftxitet street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
fcOB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Kocms SI and 32, 34 I'ark How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
—
"Ihli CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
After the horse show— something else.
Holiday work begins in earnest to
morrow.
The monopoly will find that it is much
easier to talk of rushing a funding bill
than to do it.
You will find Jots of news in our adver
tising columns this morning, and business
news at that
The rule for the weather game at this
season is simple. When in doubt take
your umbrella.
Wbat does it profit Spain that Maceo
is dead so long as Cuba lives and has
fighting blood in her?
Californians are clearly much more
united than ever before. Even the pros
pect of a Cabinet office hasn't started a
fight yet.
The deficit for the present fiscal year
already exceeds $39,000,000, and still Cleve
land had the nerve to say that it nesd not
disiurb us.
It is reported that Senator Hill has been
having repaiis made on his teeth, and the
bciief grows that he intends to eat some
body th : s winter.
It is said that Europe is beginning to
find out the value oi corn bread, and it is
probable that the next corn crop will be
right up on its ear.
The holidays in California will simply
be a preparation for the carnivals. We
are to be merry from this time on until
the summer roses fade.
It is possible that many of McKinley's
numerous visitors may have called on him
simply to tell him how to make the grass
grow on his lawn a am.
The Buffalo Commercial is in error in
saying the job put upon Fitzsimmons was
"an exhibition of highway robbory. 1 ' The
thing was not done on the highway.
If Bryan has nothing better to do than
book-writing on the money qut-stion for
the next four years be had better whirl in
and pass tbe time shooting the chutes.
When Cleveland read that the civil
service reformers had praised him for ex
tending the classified service be must have
smiled. It was a spoilsman's game with
nim.
The Examiner is not alone in being proud
of its enemies. There is gratification for
us all in knowing there are so many clean
journals in California outspoken in de
nouncing it.
The frequency with which General
Weyler returns to Havana ought to sug
gest to the people tbe appropriateness of
greeting him on nis return with the music
of Offenbach.
Having listened to all tbe criticisms at
the Pavilion, the horse will now have the
satisfaction of saying to the people: - 'If
you wish to mend my ways you had better
improve your streets."
If you decide to send a book to an East
ern frien<i for a Christmas gift be sure
you select a book on California or by a
Californian author. There are plenty of
them, and many are good.
If Spain and Cuba could be induced to
suspend the war until our Senators aecide
on a proper means of settling it, they
would have the advantage of a permanent
peace, without the necessity oi surrender
on either side.
"Divine healers" have become so com
mon in the middle West that Kansas City
has decided to tax them $100 a year and
apply the money to street work, thus im
proving the ways of the people as it were
by the new touch.
On the issue between monometallism
and bimetallism there were but two sides
and a man could take which he chose,
but on the problem of currency reform
there are as many sides as there are bank
note-, and it is risky to take either of
them.
Strange stories are told of the weather
in the East this season. New York was
rejoicing in warm sunshine while Georgia
had a snowstorm. It looks as if the late
election had so completely obliterated sec
tional lines that even the weather bureau
had lost sight of them.
Seven candidates for Aldermen in Bos
ton have made public an agreement not to
buy any ball tickets until after the muni
cipal election, and the culture of the city
is undecided whether to call the action a
reform or a revolution. In San Francisco
of course it would have been regarded as a
bluff and called accordingly.
An agitation has been started in Eng
land to induce the Government to store up
a large grain supply for the use of the
people in case of war. The movement is
not altogether a foolish one, for there are
possibilities that in a war England's su
premacy on the sea might be taken from
her and her people starved into surrender.
It is reported that Japan is going to send
a war-vessel to the Philippine Islands to
look after the interests of her people dur
ing the war with Spain. As our Govern
ment has done nothing of the kind in the
direction of Cuba it is now a question for
a debating society whether Japan or the
United States has shown the better judg
ment.
THE BEET-SUGAR INDUSTRY.
The return of the Republican party to
power next year will be followed by
largely increased protection by new tariff
laws, and the claims of the beet-sngar
industry to a prominent place on the list
of those deserving to be fostered should
be strongly urged upon Congress.
Sugar is one of the great farm products
with which the United States fails to
supply even her home market. Its produc
tion from beet 3 has increased till it now
far exceeds the yield from cane. The
sugar beet can be grown in many parts of
this country and its cultivation only needs
encouragement to make the home supply
of sugar at least equal to home consump
tion.
A protective tariff on susar would
hasten its introduction to new localities,
and would offset the unjust discrimina
tion made dv Europ an nations against
some products of our farms under the pre
tense of sanitary policing. It would be a
protection in which the farmer would di
rectly share, and in it he could readily ace
the benefits of protection generally.
Even from tbe standpoint of the advo
cates of a tariff for revenue, a higher duty
on sugar would be advisable. The lact
cannot be overlooked in the present need
of increasing the income of the Govern
ment to make it equal to the necessary
expenditures. The broader and better
ground on which higher sugar duty is
urged, however, is that of protection to
tnis great industry. It is in no wise sec
tional. North and South, East and West
alike are interested in it, and it will be
for the benefit of all to promote it and
protect it.
To the people of California the subject
is one of vast importance. The produc
tion of sugar is already one of the largest
industries of the State and has in it the
possibility of becoming the very largest.
In the complex proc sses of its work it
gives employment to all grades of labor
from the farmhands who gatner the beets
to the scientific and skilled worurnen who
transmute their juices into sugar. The
product, moreover, is one of universal use.
It is consumed in large quantities in
every household and has become one of
tbe prime necessities of civilized man.
Thanks to the energy, the skill and the
public spirit of Claus Spreckels, the in
dustry has been advanced to great propor
tions in California and is still going
forward. He is now erec;ing the largest
and best-equipped sucar-producing plant
in the world near Salinas, and if the in
dustry be properly guarded from unfair
foreign competition he will make this
State the greatest sugar-producing region
on earth.
Since so much capital is already in
vested in the enterprise it is the duty of
Californians in Congress to guard it by all
means in their power. The responsibility
of this duty becomes augmented when we
consider the prospective growth of the
industry. With such an industrial
general ac Claus Spreccels io lead the way
California needs nothing but a fair degree
of protection for her sugar-workers to
produce all the sugar used in America,
thus enriching herself, givin~ employ
ment to her labor, providing profits lor
her farmers and saving to the United
States every year millions of dollars now
sent abroad for the sugar of foreign lands.
THE HORSE SHOW.
In the ereat success of the third annual
horse show San Francisco has good reason
to congratulate herself. The display of
equine beauty and training, the splendid
horsemanship, the magnificence of the
many kinds of vehicles, the loveliness of
California ladies crowning all, made up a
show superlative in its excellence.
We are told that the age of electric car
riages is close upon us; we s c in the bi
cycle that men are much given to me
chanical methods of locomotion, and there
is talk of the passing of the horse, but as
long as men have hearts the horse will
never pass from their admiring possession
and lovinccare. The. desire tv ride and to
drive something live and lovable will
surely not give way altogether to the
utilities of machine-traveling unless men
become themselves little more than ma
chines.
The display in all clashes at the show
was very creditable to our horsemen, and
the people of California may bB proud and
glad of this proof that bo mucb. of tie
wealth and energy of the State has been
used to the encouragement oi horse-breed
ing.
In the tanbnrk rincr of the Pavilion the
continuous succession of attractions for
four days wa3 worth traveling far to see.
From the tiny, dandy, dancing ponies,
pleasing to all, but specially to the chil
dren, all through the programme up to
the ponderous drafthorses with their great
breasts and broad loins, the scene was
delightful in it 3 interest and beauty.
The proud stallions with pawing hoofs
and necks "clothed with thunder"; the
well-bred saddlers, which in every move
ment gave the beholder a s-nse of how
they can send the thrill of their own snlen
d.d vitality into the pulses of their riders;
the swift, easy, graceful gliding of the
high-headed roadsters as they drew the
airily light and noiseless modern vehicles;
the stylish bearing of the high-stepping
and highly trained tandem performers;
the stately swing of the carriage horses
with their satin skins and the glitter and
pleasing jingle of their costly harness; the
thundering ru^h of our fire horses as they
dashed three abreast into the ring with
startling suddenness; the pomp of the
matched four-in-hands pulling grand
coaches and haughtily conscious of their
glory, all this, togetner with the equestrian
mastery of the men who "witched the
world with noble horsemanship," made up
a pleasure giving which will linger long in
the memories of those who enjoyed it.
May every return of the show be marked
by increasing splerrdor.
AN AMICABLE SETTLEMENT.
The amicable settlement of the diffi
culties between the Pacific Rolling-mill
Company and its men, which for a time
threatened to produce a serious strike, is
a matter of no little gratification to the
whole City. This is no time for the be
ginning of any misunderstandings be
tween labor and capital in California. We
are on the verge of a new era of pros
perity, but it will not come to us unless
all who are engaged in our industries can
work together in harmony.
The action of both parties to the contro
versy in this instance has been wise.
Neither the men nor theiremp'oyers have
demanded from the other a complete sur
render. After a fall discussion of the
situation on both sides, terms have been
agreed upon which are fair to each. The
men therefore will return to work and the
mills will go forward as usual. There will
be some reduction in wages, but this the
men recognize is necessary in order that
the industry of the mills may be carried
on with profit, and it wili not seriously
affect any large number ol employes.
Intelligent workinemen understand that
the evil conditions oi the Democratic tariff
still affect American industries, and that
we cannot return at once to the prosper
ous conditions which prevailed under the
McKinley tariff. It will require some
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
time for us to get back to the level of
profits and wages which prevailed under
the protective system. This, however, is
something we can look forward to in the
near future, and in the meantime both
labor and capital must be content to do
the best they can und^r existing circum
stances.
The friendly spirit which prevails be
tween the men and the Pacific Rolling
mill Company sinco the arrangement of
the terms of resuming work is made evi
dent by the statement of Mr. McMahon, a
foreman of tho mill, who, in speaking of
the reduction ie wages, saia: "It is just
this way. The price of iron is low and tne
price of labor in the East is low, and to
compete here the price of labor had to be
cut. Mr. Noble has always put up wages
when the price of iron warrants it. I
have seen it done three times voluntarily
in this mill."
The examulo thus set will doubtless have
its effect in any future difficulties between
capital and labor in this State and will go
far toward inducing both parties to ar
range some amicable solution for them.
It gives promise, therefore, of a completer
harmony between employers and em
ployes in the great industries of the State
and may be counted as a good augury for
the advancement of the manufacturing
interests of California in the approaching
revival of industry and prosperity which
will follow the re-enactment of a protec
tive tariff.
THE CUBAN QUESTION.
The Cuban problem h3S been promptly
brought to the front in the Senate, but
not in a manner that will give satisfaction
to any great number of the American
people. The speeches made by Senators
in favor of Cuban independence have been
full of expressions of sympathy, but
wholly lacking in suggestions of any
policy of decided action. Even Senator
Cullom, who made the most elaborate
speech on the subject and was most tiery
in his decimations, had nothing definite
to advocate. All that he could say was
this:
The wisdom and discretion of an American
President and Cabinet can safely nnd a way
to determine the trouble without imperiling
the interest of our country or our people. I
have little choice or preference as to the par
ticular method, but I do want, and I know the
public expects, a settlement on a humane and
just basis. The United States can do no less
than to initiate this effort for humanity and
liberty.
It is easy enough ior a "Senator to say
that an American President and Cabinet
can find a way of bringing about the inde
pendence of Cuba without imperiling any
interest of this country, but the adminis
tration would no doubt be better pleased
if some Senator would point out just how
this task is to be accomplished. Senator
Cuilum was right enough in saying the
country expects a settlement of the pro
longed war in Cuba on a humane and just
basis, but up to this time the public has
not been informed by any statesman of a
way in which these expectations can be
speedily realized.
It is conceded on all sides that the
problem is not one easy of solution. It
can inver be solved by sentimental ap
peals nor by any florid declamation con
cerning the rights of humanity and tho
duty of the American people to maintain
them in all parts of this hemisphere. The
practical issue seems to be the simple one
of whether we shall enter into a war with
Spain to establish the independence of
Cuba. It is to that issue the Senators
should direct themselves, and if they are
not going to deal with it definitely, they
bad better leave the subject alone.
It is not at all probable that the Spanish
Government would abandon Cuba under
a simple threat of war ou the part of the
United States. The Spaniards would fight
to some extent if for nothing else than to
gratify that national pride which is one
of their most salient characteristics. Our
interference, moreover, no matter on wbat
grounds it might be based, would not re
ceive sympathy in Europe, and we can
hardly believe that Senator Cullom was
serious when he declared: "We shall
not stand alone in the warfare which may
follow in behalf of common humanity.
Nation alter nation will make a joint
cau.-e with us in such a struggle."
The war in Cuba has been prolonged un
til it is now rapidly becoming a struggle
of extermination between foes so embit
tered they bave ceased to re^ar ! the rules
of cvihzed warfare. It is to our interest
as well a^ to the welfare of humanity that
this struggle should be checked, and the
people of that beautiful island secured in
th'- blessings which peace gives to indus
try. The American people will welcome
witii g a'lnes^ any declaration of National
policy which tends to bring about that re
sult. They are tired, however, of mere de
clamations on the subject. The Senators
should either formulate a plan of action
for the Government to pursue, or should
turn aside from the isdue and devote their
time to a consideration of those questions
of Home politics which are now awaiting
solution.
A NOVEL WAIST.
A stunning gown of red cloth had the waist
made in a very picturesque style, tne left side
overlapping in a draped effect. A deep
corselet belt of black satin was worn with this
striking costume. Another unusual feature of
this wai^t was the overlapping revers or col-
Irts of the cloth, which gave a fichu effect in
front.
The sleeves were of red silk matching the
cloth, and made with two deep tucks at the
top, the lower pnrt being arranged in scant
puffs.
The skirt was made perfectly plain of the
cloth. (No pattern.)
PERSONAL
W. T. Ellis of Marvsville is In the City.
F. F. Marx of Elk Park is a late arrival here.
J. J. Hebron of Salinas is a late arrival here.
J. D. McDougall of Stockton is a visitor here.
M. King, a business man of Victoria, B. C, is
at the Occidental.
H. J. Delamer, a business man of San Diego,
Tex., is at the Palace.
Hon. Jefferson Chandler and family of Wash
ington, D. C, have taken a house at 1300
SCORED BY UPRIGHT JOURNALISTS
The Vile Methods of the "Examiner" Arouse
Righteous Indignation.
While the Danger to Publx Morals Is Great, a Way to
Effectually Check It Is Suggested
THE REAL ENEMIES IT HAS MADE.
Manifestly, there abides with the Examiner either a hearty contempt of
public opinion as it finds expression among decent, sober, fair-minded men,
or else it is enveloped by an atmosphere of such impregnable ignorance con
cerning the true state of the public mind toward itself as to obscure its vision
and confound its judgment. A snort time ago, as a matter of boastful pride,
it published a cartoon that purported to picture a few of the enemies it had
made, and it was pleased to add in a jocular way that it "was proud of 'em.' 1
Its enemies among respectable people, who were omitted from this list, could
scarcely be crowded into an entire edition of that paper. The individual who
guides the course and destiny of that remarkable journal must dive deeper
down into the current of public feeling if he would learn the exact truth. Let
him don a disguise and move around among the substantial mercantile men
of the City, and he will marvel much at the revelations of the Examiner's un
popularity that will come to him from the element of society that is conceded
to be conservative and law-abiding. That the subscription list of the Examiner
has suffered through its recent performances is an open secret Its young men
bave been moved to declare in a complaining voice that "the railroad is ex
pending larce sums of money to diminish its circulation," trusting that this
weau explanation will distract attention from this own misfeasance. Of course,
such charges are the cheapest kind of fol de rol, and besides being foui.da
tionle-s, are stupid as well.
The respectable press of the State has lately been directing criticism at the
Examiner's methods and its character. To most men attacks such as these
would suggest an exercise of prudence, but not so with the Examiner. It re
printed extracts from a number of these contemporaries, and attempted to
dismiss the charges in an off hand, matter-of-fact way by declaring all its
critics to be "railroad hirelings," which, it said, accounted for the venom they
displayed. As usual, the "railroad" is responsible; but certainly our "octo
pus" has not procured the New York Life, Frank Leslie's Weekly, the New York
Sun, the New York Post and all the host of manly and high-minded publica
tions in Am- rica to attack the character of journalism for which the Examiner
stands sponsor in the West, and the Journal, its wet-nurse, in the East. Even
business rivalry could not produce the s;orm of denunciatory protest that has
fallen about this type of journalism. It is outraged decency that is speaking.
It is tne respectable element of a hitherto honorable profession resenting the
introduction of the cowardly, contemptible and infamous methods that
threaten to drag that profession down from the high place it once held in
the estimation of the public. If this character of newspaper is to prevail and
succeed, then may we bid good-by to journalism as an honorable profession.
The storied torch of wisdom, held high by a heroic and Minervan maiden for
the enlightenment of mankind, no longer typifies the new press that kicks and
knocks with noisy clamor at our doors.
The reeking, gory, slimy thing with tawdry tinsel is not the press our
fathers knew. The enlightened torch of wisdom points heavenward no longer;
the flame dips downward now, and has become the firebrand of an incendiary.
The heroic maiden has jiiven way to a wicked, leering, unregenerate wench,
who fires the evil passions of mankind, who blisters honor, who enkindles
hatreds, who sears and scars with devilish delight and malice the reputation of
our citizens. Sensation has taken the place of Truth, and Corruption and
Vice sit where wisdom once held sway. Men are no longer led along the
highways of Decency, no longer taught that Virtue is a sacred thing. The
torch no longer lights their way along tbe avenues of Honor ana of Fame, but
drives them huddling down the dark and narrow byways of indecency and
hate. Under the new state of affairs the press must neither educate nor
elevate. It is to'be a obstructionist and a marplot, to breed discontent and
foment strife, to encourage and suggest crime and wrongdoing, manuring it
meanwhile from the dungheap of social scandals. Journals having these
tendencies could not subsist wholly upon the patronage of tbe depraved and
evil of the community. It is profitable to deal in this kind of sensationalism
only because respectability refuses to administer the rebuke which it deserves.
The moment the element of loss creeps in, that moment, and not until then,
will we be rid of it.
WE HEAR THE NEWS,
A number of papers published in this State have recently commented edi
torially on the marked decadence observable in the San Francisco Examiner.
That journal republishes a number of the excerpts and gravely assures its
readers that all the papers quoted *'are known to have been subsidized by the
Southern Pacific interests— sometimes to be actually supported by the South
ern Pacific."
The Blade happens to be one of the papers which are thus referred to. The
important information that we have been subsidized comes to us this happy
holiday time as the best news we have heard for a long time, and, be it re
marked parenthetically, the first and only intimation the Blade has had of
this pleasing intelligence comes in the Examiner's statement as above quoted.
Now is the winter of our discontent made indeed glorious summer by the cheer
ine news conveyed by our San Francisco contemporary. Never again shall the
Blade have occasion to chase around alter the sby advertiser; never again
shall we have to plead with th man who owes a bill for job printing. We are
on the payroll! At last it is ours to say:
Tnis Is the way we long have sought.
And ii.'i.irur 1 because we found it not.
And yet, while we rejoice at our own good fortune, we must not forget that
others have not so much cause for rejoicing. Some there be who are yet be
yond the pale. Some there undoubtedly are who know not the joy which is
ours. But they have their consolation, nor are they as those who ar^ without
hope. They may yet gain admission to the charmed circle, and hope, the guid
ins star of life, is yet theirs. So, therefore, while our heart goes out in sym
pathy to those of our journalistic brethren who have not yet entered into the
promised land of rai'way subsidy, our greatest commiseration is not given to
them. It is undoubtedly due to the San Francisco Examiner, for whom the
payroll is nothing but a bitter memory of what once was but never again can
be. Trials and tribula:ions are wbat we may all expect as we journey through
this life, but what sorrow equals that of being ruthlessly and relentlessly cut
off from the payroll in the prime of one's youth, so to speak? Heiter, far
better, never to have been on. Yet this has been the sad experience of tho San
Francisco Examiner, and our own rejoicing is sa.idened by the thought.
FROM A DEPRAVED STANDPOINT.
Bakersfietd Callfornlan.
The Examiner judges all other papers by itself, .which is perhaps a right
eous judgment from its own depraved standpoint. As it sold its own columns
for $1000 a month (and the Lord only knows bow many times it has sold them
to other people for smaller amounts, instance Blinker Murphy's sale of free
puffs for big dinners) it thinks that every paper in the State must be in the
same business. , ,
WILL BE A BLESSING TO THE PEOPLE,
A heap of trouble is brewing over the outcome of theFitzsimmons-Sharkey
fight. The San Francisco Examiner seems to be badly mixed up in the mud
dle, for which The Call is gettinp in its worfc on the "Monarch of the Dailies"
in great shape. It will be a blessing to the people of the Pacific Coast if the
Examiner is called down from its notorious perch of journalistic indecency.
Hyde street and Intend making San Francisco
their future home.
John Rice and Mrs. Rice of Carson, Nev., ar
rived here yesterday.
W. H. Anderson of Camden, England, was
one of yesterday's arrivals.
A. McMillan of Knoxville, Term., was among
yesterday's arrivals in the City.
S. H. Hollie, a prominent merchant of Port
land, Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
Charles Cunningham, a general store owner
of Sunol, Ir here on a business trip.
T. D. Nicol, the attorney of Stockton, is at
the Lick, accompanied by Mrs. Nicol.
W. Sims, one of the large and quite wealthy
farmers oi Colusa County, is at the Russ.
F. S. Karx and wife of Nepa are at the Pal
ace and will snend the winter in this Cily.
E. F. Ulman, the wealthy horseman of St.
Louis, arrived here yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Adolph Satton and wife, old residents of Los
Angeles, are among the guests at the Cosmo
politan.
Andrew F. Rosenberger and J. F. Musseh
man, mining men of Phcenix, Ariz., are at the
Commercial.
Dr. Frank C. Pague, who has been visiting in
Chicago, Philadelphia and Washington for the
past month, will arrive to-day.
W. F. Prisk, editor and one of the owners of
the Grass Valley Daily Union, is in the City
and is registered at the Occidental.
W. B. Ford, a pioneer and very wealthy mer
chant of Salinas, is In the City. He owns
large areas of land, and is interested in differ
ent enterprises.
Thomas H. Van Frank, the electrician who
went to Southern California nearly six months
ago for the benefit oi his health, has returned
to the City with a deep bronze color and
greatly improved.
\Yilliaai Coleman, who Is developing some
San Francisco Wave.
Santa Ana Blade.
Los Oatos Mall.
important gold properties in Trinity County
in company with some men of this City, has
arrived here for a few days' stay.
Martin Winch, a wealthy resident of Port
land, wno is prominent in manufacturing and
in politics, and who has been long a resident
of Oregon, is among the arrivals at the Palace.
F. E. Fraser, a leading mining man of Fort
NEW TO-DAT.
If we told you that your
baby was starving, that it
actually didn't get enough
to eat, you might resent it.
And yet there are thousands
of babies who never get the
fat they should in their food
or who are not able to digest
the fat that they do get. Fat
is a necessity to your baby.
It is baby life and baby
beauty. A few drops of
Scott's Emulsion for. all little
ones one, two and three
years of age is better than
cream for them. They
thrive and grow on it.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chwntoto, Ntw Y«*b
Jones, who has just effected a sale of a laree
quartz mine, is at the Russ. He has since
making his sale secured another good prop
erty, ana is en route to New York to make a
sale of It
J. H. Van Winkle, one of the big fruit-grow
ers of Co usa, an early pioneer and extensive
land-owner, is at the Russ. He is settling his
accounts wilh his commission brokers. Mr.
Van Winkle does thines on a large scale. His
fruit and other products have this year
brought big money.
H. T. Isaacs, owner of a small railroad reach
ing irom Walla Walla iniothe wheat district,
is at the Grand. He denies that the fruit of
that part of Washington has been seriously
damaged by frost, as was recently reported in
some dispatches. He hns received a letter
from there written the same day the dispatches
were sent saying the damage was very slieht.
H. Sweet, a mine-owner of Randsburg. the
new and rising camp in Kern county, is
among the arrivals at the Russ. He says af
fairs ure very active in the Randsburg dis
trict. The stages are loaded down with in
comers. Some are experienced miners, and
others are tenderfeet pure and simple. Rands
burg has the signs, he says, of a big camp, but
it is a hard place to live in.
Judge W. R. Daingerfield of Department
Two of the Superior Court of San Francisco
has been in Santa Rosa ior several days for the
purpose of trying some important cases.
Judge Daingerfield was assigned to this duty
by Governor Budd, the local Judges feeling
themselves disqualified to sit in this litigation
owing to the fact that iheir interests as tax
payers were involved in the issues on trial.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 12. —At- the St.
Cloud, H. Edwards, C. H. Veeder; Astor, A.
H. Hadley; Grand Union, G. W. Perry; Metro
politan, W. C. Hunter. Ross B. Huffman and
Charles F. Hoffman left the St. Cloud to sail
on the Umbria.
E. H. Black, painrer, 120 Eddy stre9L *
• — • — •
Mocha, pi6tache <fccamellacake. 905Larkin.*
•—• — ♦ — •
Hand-painted boxes and handsome baskets
California Glace Fruits soc pound. Townsend's.
Fpectal information dally to manufactnrsrt.
business fcousea and public men by the Pra3i
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery '
An astute little boy was asked the other day
what was meant by "sins of omission," and he
responded without any pause or hesitation:
"The sins we have forgotten to commit." — New
York Commercial Advertiser.
NEW TO-DAT.
EXTRA
JQ II %jft /
vjrlT'L"3 iiii * - : - Free!
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
EXTRA BIG OFFER FOR CHRISTMAS.
YOUR CHOICE FREE:
1 Fauce Boat, decorated. ' 3 «.nld Band llates. 6-\\fclsky Tumblers, ground bottom.
3 Tea Cups and Saucers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor. . 1 Fancy Mustache Lap nnd Saucer.
1 .Large Majolica Pitcner. 6 Toothpick Holders. 4 Taole Tumblers, engraved.
1 Fancy Ice Cream Dish. 1 Meat Dish, 10-inch. ' 6 Handled Lemonade i;las)33.
3 Water Goblets, banded. ] Fancy >-alad. Dish. . 1 Hulf-gallou Water Pitcher. * /*
1 Cake S and, crystal. 2 Dates, fesiooned. ,', 1 Chocolate cup and Sauce". .
1 Cheese Dish, cryuar.'— " 6 Lemonade Sins*.' •"■ 1 Caice Plate, fancy china. .;•
6 w ater Goblets, plain. 4 Bouquet Holders. . ' ■ 1 Berry Digit, crysta , large. •: .
1 Butter Dish, crystal. 1 Kebecca Tea Fot. 2 Fancy Cups an.l dancers, A. D.
6 Claret asses, plain. - 1 Decanter. 1 Candlestick, bisque. »'>^V
6 Comports, individual. 1 vat Meal Set. 1 Bisque Msure dancer. t£&&
4 Ale or Keer Glasses. 1 Milk Set. 1 Vase, fumy Bohemian. ?2fir
1 Cako Baslctt, lancy. 1 Syrup I'itcher. 1 Scollop, 7-inch, decorated. *'■ W
1 Rose Bal. 6 teir- Dishes. 3 Soup I'lates, decorated. *v W
4 Champagne Glasses. 1 Celery Tray. ft f-a tor i'epper h^ers. -" I
1 Bread and Milk seu 3 Dinner Plates. 1 Vegetable JJ.su, decorated. • /
2 Fancy Fruit Platea. 3 Oyster Bowls. A thousand oiber,Fancy Dishes of every
1 PitLher, decorated. 5 Fruit saucer* description.
OJNTES FREE WITH BACH
s£*\ cts Teas, Spices,
" Baking Powders
Extra Double Presents |
THIS OFFER HOLDS GOOD UNTIL NEW YEAR.
■\flErEi T^lljlj SELIj
Chinaware, Crockery, Glassware
Big Cut Prices *
Fancy Ghinaware and Glassware
Tea. Chocolate, Coffee Cups. Fancy Plates, Berry Dishes
10, 12X. 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 73§ each. *
Chocolate, Ice Cream, Berry, Lemonade and Water Sets
50, 65, 75, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 1.85, 1.95, 2.25, 2.50 per set. A \
China, Bisque, Fancy Vases, Figures and Ornaments f Jl
10, 12K, 15, { 20, 25, 35, 50, 60, 75, 1.00, 1.25 each. $ *5.
CUSPIDORES— 20, 25, 35, 40. 50, 75c each.
Genuine Delft China |
Trays, Olives, Butter lates, Cups, Cream Pitchers, Salads, Plaques j?
15, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50, 60, 55, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50 each.
Tea Sets, complete for 12 persons
h r rte2- 25 * 2- 75 ?Si-i«.3- 50 isio^s-25 ,
*"* Decoration T~
Dinner Sets complete for 6 persons
Pure 080 Pretty A 7K Gold /> f)O Superior "jr\ RH
White O°^ Gray d /o Handle • fc) U Ch ' na W' 00
/"^ Colors Trimmings Heliotrope
Dinner Sets complete 100 pieces
S£&i"s-75 :--,;KS . 7- 75 K. 9- 25 go;.-- :17.50 I
*■" Colors ... Gold Handles V\ a gem * -
Qualify Best, Made by Best English Makers, Newest Shapes and Designs.
Prices .A-way "CJnder.
Stores, 100 in Number.
GreatAmertcanlmportineTeaGo.
l4OSixtli. St. ; 146 3Xr±-ntla. St.
1344 3VTa.x-ls.ot St. 218lTliird. St. 4
S r ?loflVEissiorL St. 2008 PUlmoro St H
617 Kearny St. 98S IVCarltot Si. £
1419 01^ St. 3006 Sixteentiist %T
S2l Montgomory aye. 104Seoond st *
333 Hayes St. 3283 MissionSt
__, t * c>-a.jecxj a.3\t:d % S r»C^H.ES :
1053 WTRSliinston St. GIG East TwoWth «a*
13 J. S«,xi. PabloAve. 817 Broadway St-
;-■'■■'-- ■ 1333 «,xr lac St., Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS 52 MARKET STREET; SAN FRANCISCO.
Scientific Control of Sllneral Water
Professor Oscar Llebreich of the University ol
Berlin points out that owin? to the fact hat
aperient waters are formed by impregnation of tiie
water in natural basins containing the a<vive
mineral constituents, there is always great d&n.,\»
of inconstancy in the quantity of the mineral co%
stltuents present. This Is a very serious matter^
since it involves uncertainty in dosige. "It is, 1
theref re, a matter for high satisfaction," says
lrnfessor Ltebrei< h (Therap. Monatshefte), "that
the aierieut water 'A()onta,' from the Uj'Hunyadl
Springs in Ofen, has been placed under State con
trol. The Koyal Hunsarian Chemical Institu:«
(Ministry of Agriculture) hus undertaken this
charge, and, therefore, it la now possiole to obtain
a water whl- h is free from injurious extraneous
waters in ected with organic substances. The
analysis has been published by Prof essor I.leber
maun, director of said Institute The proportion
of sulphate of soda to sulphate of magnesia Is
15.4312 to 24 4968 In tho litre, so that '.Ipenta' is
to be classed with the best aperient waters, and
may be pronounced one of the s ronijejt."
Low Bates to Phoenix, A. T. and
Eandsburs, Cal.
The Atlantic and Pacific R. R., Snn-a Fe route,
will sell on Dect-mber 11, 12 and 13 round-trip
firs -class tickets to PhCBDlx at thf» one-way rate.
A golden opportunity to spend Christmas in balmy
Arizona. Cheap rates are also made to the won
derful Kandaburg mining camp, whlen is a second
Cripple Creek, and to which people arf now flock
ing by the th(iiai\nds Ticket cflice, 614 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1531.
See time-table In advertising columns.
•—• — ♦ — • .—,. — ,
Phillips' Kock Inland Kxcursioni
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande an 1 Kocsc Island Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and por.ers accompany the»^ excursions to
Button For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further Information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Kock Island Hallway, 30 Moat
gomtry street, >an Francisco.
Through Car to St. Tauland Mlnneapolli
An elegantly upholstered tourist-car leaves Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clockfor all
points In Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No change of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Coma
»nd get our rates if you expeci to make a trip to
any Eastern point. T. K. S ateler, General Agent
Northern Pacific By. Co., (538 Market street, a. t.
- "—" — • — — " ' ' ■ I
Ladies are greatly benefited by the use of ..'■'•
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned Soi^Li
American tonic.
•—• — • — •
AVER'S Pill?, taken in doses of one, daily, after
dinner, admirably regulate the digestive , and
assimilative organs. Buy them and try them.
■>y*j~ •—• — * — * : ■ ■
It afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Kye Water. Druggists sell It at 25 com*
Extra Double TicketsIN DAYS OF OUR FOREFATHERS
Wicked /kitkors Were Whipped, Offending
Books Burned ar\d Publishers illoried
ESGLEBTOJTS JJEW VOLUME O.N COLOJNJIL .HISTORY
fi. Painstaking Work That QWes Invaluable /\id to Comprehensive
Knowledge of the Early Days of Our Gountry — It
Represents Sixteen years of Research
CURIOUS PUNISHMENTS OF BYGONE. I
DAYS— By Alice Morse Earle. Chicago: Herbert
S. Stone <£ Co. For sale In this city by William
Doxey, Palace Hotel. Price SI 60.
The scope of this book is indicated by Its
title. It describes the ways and means adopted
by our great-grandfathers for the punisnment
of offenses against the law, at the same time
making the recipient of such correction an
example that others might "fear and be
ashamed of breakinge out in like wicked
nesse."
In these pages we find described such gentle
correctives as the ducking-stool, the pillory,
the whipping-post, and brands and gags. The
first of these, it appears, was applied to those
good old colonial dames who possessed the
character of scolds. A graphic description of
a ducking In Virginia is given by one Thomas
Hartley. It is supposed to have been written
" to Governor Endicott of ' Massachusetts in
'1034. We quote:
"The day afore yesterday at two of ye clock
. in ye afternoon I saw this punishment given
to one Betsey, wife of John Tucker, who by ye
violence of her touguehas made his house and
ye neighborhood uncomfortable, She was
taken to ye pond near where I am sojourning
• by v ; officer, who was joined by ye Magistrate
and ye Minister, Mr. Cotton, who had fre
quently admonished her, and a large number
of people. They had a machine for ye pur
pose; yt belongs to ye Parish, and which I
was so told had been so used three times this
• ' Summer. It is a platform with 4 small roll
ers or wheels and two upright posts between
which works a Lever by a Rope fastened to
its shorter or heavier end. At ye end of ye
longer arm is fixed a stool upon which sd
Betsey was fastened by cords, her gown tied
fast around her feete. The Machine was then
moved up to ye edge of ye pond and ye Rope
was slackened by ye officer and ye woman was
allowed to go down under ye water for ye
space of half a minute. Betsey had a stout
stomach and would not yield until she had
allowed herself to be ducked 5 several times.
At length she cried piteously, '-Let me go 1 let
me go! By God's help I'll slu no more!" Then
they drew back ye Machine, untied ye Ropes
and let her walk home in her wetted clothes
a hoDef ully penitent woman."
The luckless author who chanced to offend
the powers that were fared vo better in his way
than did the unfortunate Betsey of the history
before quoted. Since the days of Greece and
Rome the woes of the writer have been many.
We learn that in the days of Augustus no less
than 20,000 volumes were seized and con
sumed. Later, by order of Diocletian, the
Bible fed the flames, and in England numer
ous works were publicly burned by the com
mon hangman. Milton's books were among
those condemned. We read that "Dr. Leigh
ton, who wrote 'Ziou's Plea Against Prelacy,'
paid dearly for calling the Queen a 'Daughter
of Heth' and Epitcopacy 'Satanical.' He was
degraded from the ministry, pilloried,
branded, whipped; his err was cut off, his
nostril slit; he was fined £ 10,000 and lan
guished eleven years in prison, only to be told
on his tardy release, with the irony ot fate,
that his mutilation and imprisonment had
been illegal." Such facto rather tend to lessen
our admiral Jon for the good old way of doing
things. It is, however, pleasing to note that
occasionally a pilloried publisher received
some solace from the crowd. One Williams,
who was set in the pillory in 1765 for repub
lishing the "North Briton," was treated with
marks of consideration and kindness. -'He
held a sprig of laurel in his hand as he stood !
and a purse of 200 guineas for his benefit was
collected in the crowd."
Here is another ludicrous instance which we
take from the chapter on "Punishments of
Authors and Books": "We learn from the
Connecticut Gazette that an offending publi
cation was sentenced tobepubllckly whipt, ac
cording to Moses 1 Law, with forty stripes save
one. and then burned." What possible end
the whipping of a book may have served his
tory saith not. Emanuel Elzas.
OUR COLON. AL HISIORY.
THE BEGINNERS OF A NATION*— By Edward
Egglesiou. D. Appleton & Co., New York
Price $1 50. For sale by William Doxey,
Palace Hotel, City.
In this painstaking work Edward Eggleston
has given us invaluable aid to the compre
hensive knowledge of the early days of our
country. No historical library will now be
complete without it. . Although it is the first
ot a succession of works on the history of this
country it represents sixteen years of research
Joy a most capable student. He accounts, how- j
ever, this to be by far the most difficult part
of his task. This book differs from the colonial
histories which we already have in being not
so much a /narration of all the events of the
early days, as a comprehensive survey of
the meaning of the main events and a tracing
of the far-reaching consequences of them.
The succ ssion of cause and effect is the main
topic. The author tells of these beginners of
English life in America who stand out in
special prominence as potent molders of the
future destinies of a great new empire. He
points out what visions beckoned to these
leaders which urged them to undertake the
founding of new States, and tells the story of
their hopes and disappointments and achieve
ments. -?3SS^8
The book is admirable in its condensation.
wh<ch Is such a desideratum in this busy age,
when there is so much to learn of the wonder
ful present, that we want the history of the
past given to us with a pithy brevity that tells
of events and at the same time draws the at
tention to their bearing upon the age in which
we must act by the light of such information
as we can read as wo run. Into 350 pages is
here crowded the research of sixteen years.
On every page are wide margins, made beauti
ful es well as useful. The notes tell the contents
of each paragraph, and so make the volume
convenient lor ready reference. The index is
copious and clear, and the book is got up in
a style both useful to the student and artisti
cally attractive. Th« captions of the divisions
of the volume into books and chapters are un
usually good in their summary of the con
tents and the notes at the end of each chapter,
felicitously called "Elucidations," are very in
teresting. One of the finest chapters in the
book is "The Prophet of Religious Freedom,"
in which the author pays a glowing tribute to
Roger Williams, whose spiritual exaltation
gave him thoughts so far in advance of his
fellow men. The historian says: "He was but
abaobler to bis own time, but the prophetic
voice rings clear and lar, and ever clearer as
the ages go on." '
M ACL AREN'S FAME
"Ian Maclaren" is announced as the most
celebrated living Scotchman. Perhaps Pro
fessor Drummond and Mr. Barne were not
given quite their share of honor in the prepara
tion of the estimate, says the Boston Journal,
but we know that Ian Maclaren himself is no
unwilling to give these countrymen of his
their, meed.' for he never loses a chance to
BP D?wa^n^^n>oon be unnecessary to
. explain that this is the real name of the man j
who wrote "Besides the Bonnie Brier Bush -
expiesses the highest admiration for Mr. Bar
rie It has been noticeable in the interviews
which newspapers have published s nee he
began his American tour that it seems to give
♦him mucn pleasure to speak in: loud praise to
Mr. Barrie. interesting coincidence that we
It is an interesting coincidence that we
should now have in America . both Maciarep
and Barrie. the two most conspicuous writers
of fiction whoso . field is Scottish. •* Maclaren la 1
here to lecture. Barrie is here to attend to
the stage preparation of ''The Little Minister,"
and it is not at all likely that he will make
any public appearance.
Asked as to bis own characters and which
he liked best, Dr. Watson replied: "Well, I
love them all, you know, for they are my own
children. They are my very dear friends,
every one of them. They know me best and I
know them best. Tney talk to me, they walk
with me, they argue with me and advise me,
I and persuade me to do this or that, beating
down incontinently many suggestions I make
to them. I love them and laugh and cry with
them, and they help aud assist me in my
work and make my life happy and bright
many times. I love them all. The public
has expressed a decided preference for one of
them, however. Yes, it is Dr. Mac Lure. I
love him very much. But if I were to say I
liked one the better I would name Jamie
Soutar. He is the best Scotch character I have
drawn, the most truthfully Scotch in all his
characteristics. Outwardly he is a cynic, but
at heart the very essence of kindness, and I
really love him.
"Yes, the names I use are all Scotch names
and are used by many writers, Mr. Barrie
among them. You understand that Drum
sheugh is the name of the farm, and all the
generations that live on it go by that name.
Marget Hoo is a character that is very dear to
me, and I am glad to know that so many peo
ple love her. Yes, it does my heart good to
know that people read my books and enjoy
them. lam exceedingly happy if I have made
any one the happier for my stories.
"I have no present literary plans. My new
book, 'Kate Carnegie,' is out and for a time I
will do no literary work. I have more Drum
tochty sketches to publish, howevei. I have
never offered anything for publication. All
the stories I have written have been written
to order, so to speak. I was requested to write
something for this paper or that, and I wrote
them.
"We are well acquainted with your literary
' men on the other side. I have read your
| older writers and learned of them. Emerson
I and Loweil have been teachers and prophets
| to me. Aud I have read Longfellow and
' Whittier, too. And your Walt Whitman, who,
j I understand, is not so popular here, is a great
j favorite with us. Naturally we have a great
preference for your locality writers, they
; being of our own school. We know well and
love much the stories of Miss \Vilkiu3, James
| Lane Allen, George W. Cable, Thomas Nelson
■ l'age, Joel Chandler Harris and perhaps above
all Bret Hane. They are after our own lashion
more than your other writers, as Howells,
James, Aldrich and others. I am profoundly
impressed with Harold Frederic's 'Damnation
j of Theron Ware.' It is a great book beyond
j question."
He spoke of Robert Louis Stevenson with
: great love and admiration, having been a
: friend and fellow-student of the greatsst
I Scotch writer of the nineteenth century.
! Bobbie Bums Is what he calls Scotland's bard,
i and lie knows him by heart and loves him
| dearly.
WORD FAIN r INGS.
I VIGNETTES— By ITubert Crackentborpe. John
[ Lane; The Bodiey Head, London and New York.
Price $1. tor »ule by William Coxey, I'a.ace
Hotel, city.
Lovers of descriptive writing will find In
| these vignettes an hour's pleasure. The authoi
I calls it a miniature journal of whim and sen
timent. The whim and sentiment is mingled
with word sketches of scenes in many lands.
They are all very short, and pass before the
mind's eye as a panorama. The author does
not let us linger long even before his pictures
of the most tamous places. Even Paris takes
j up but a paragraph, and Lausanne is painted
in a page. It is not all landscape work. He
is fond of describing picturesque people, and
I when he conjures up before the fancy romantic
j scenes of city or lake or mountain he tells of
I the moods the sight of them put the beholder
in. If there is any fault it is in over-gorgeous
ness of words and that the writer is a little bit
too much in love with alliteration.
Here Is the Naples of this word artist:
"Heaped beneath us all Naples, white and mo
tionless in the silent blaze of the midday sun;
circling the bay, still and smooth and blue as
the sky above, a misty line of white villages;
' dark, velvety shadows draping the hills; on
I the horizon, rising abruptly, Capri's notched
: silhouette."
SERMONS StECIALLY FOR WORK
IISGMEN.
WOBKIKGMEN AND THE CHURCH-By Rev.
Kobert F. Coyle, CD. Arena lublishinK Com
pany, Boston.
In these half dozen sermons which were de
livered to large audiences of workingmen
three years ago by a Californian, and are now
given to a larger public, the many working
! men who object to church-going will find mat
! ter of speciai interest. Dr. Coyle sent out a
| number of inquiries to representative labor
| ing men's organizations to find out what pro
i portion of the workmen attended church, and
! the reasons for the hostility or indifference of
i those who did not He says that he got soundly
lectured by those who worn go to church and
give the preachers a chance to do the lecturing.
His refutations of some of the accusations,
and acknowledgment of others, are so fair
and just that critics of the church should
be fair and just enough to read them.
• The fact was brought out by his itiveetiga
tion that from two-thirds to three-quarters of
the laboring classes habitually stay away from
church, their dereliction in this way far ex
ceeding other classes. In the many letters
received explanatory of this refusal to hear
the ministers of God, tne doctor says there is
not a syllable against Christ and his Gospel—
the eolu grievance is ngalnst the church.
EIGHT CLEVER STORIES.
SOME WOMEN'S WAYS— By M»ry Angela
Dickens. K. F. Fenne & Co., New York. Trice
The ways of women are many and mysteri
ous, and in the short clever taies here told
some of these ways are explained to have a
nobleness far beyond the comprehension of
the ordinary observers by whom their lives
were surrounded. In the story called "An
j Unprincipled Woman" the heroine displays
| an amount of principle which takes the reader
by surprise, and by the exercise of a higner
intelligence and deeper sympathy than would
have been expected of her she saves & man
whom most others would in their righteous
ness have crushed. In another good one, "So
as by Fire," we have an illustration of the
benefits that may be made to grow from re
gretted evil in the history of a pastor to whom
the passage through a dark valley was an en
trance to a new life, "a life of such wide sym
pathy and comprehension as he had never
dreamed of."
GOOD STORY_OF THE SEA.
WHAT CHKER-By W. Clark RimelL R. F.
Fenne <fe Co , New York. Price $125. For sale
by P»yot, Upham <fe Co., City.
The author of this book proved his capacity
for writing good marine stories in the "Wreck
of the Grosvenor," and all who have enjoyed
thut tale will De glad that there is a new one
by the same pen. It is a pretty story of a sweet
| girl's love for her sailor, in spite of all at
tempts to discourage h#>r. But where the
writer is specially strong is in his descriptive
powers of sea scenes and sailors. He knows
and loves well the ocean, and hisppges arc full
of beatiful word-paintings aLoui it. Here Is a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
sample description, chosen for its brevity:
"The sun was floating*lear of the sea-Une, a
body of white fire, which poured its glory in
heaving silver to the very stern of the ship. The
magic light of this ocean morning wrought the
sails into silk, the rigging into silver wire, and
gleams broke from her wet decks as she rolled."
WHERE SUMMER i MILES ETERNAL
NA-KtTPUNA: THE HAWAIIAN LEGEND
OF CREATION— By Jullen Darwin Hayne.
The Hicks-Judd Co., fean Francisco. Price *1 50.
This legend of the island of Hawaii, as the :
one-time home of the gods, who left the sign
of perpetual summer there, has each one of its
eighty-three pases handsomely illuminated.
The god Wakea, wandering companionless,
called to bim a dove which his mother, in
compassion for his lonely state, changed into
a woman. From these two came the race of
man. The book's adornment consists of pic
tures of the mountains, waterfalls, lakes,
palms and seashore of Hawaii, "the Tropic
Palace of the Sun," of natives in their wild
costumes, and women of a fairer race.
LITERARY NOTES.
A new book by the late Miss Mamie Dickens,
"My Father as I Recall Him," is announced
for early publication.
The December number of the North Ameri
can Review contains an article on "American
Bicycles in England,' by George F. Parker,
United States Consul at Birmingham.
Sir Walter Besant has just brought out a
j book of drawing-room plays, written in col
laboration with W. H. Pollock and depending
for interest on plot rather than epigram.
Book News for December will contain the
first article In literary criticism contributed to
any magazine by lan MacLaren and the only
article written by him during his American
tour.
The Review of Reviews for December de
nounces the aaministration's abandonment
of American interests in Turkey, and demands
that existing treaty rights be respected and
enforced.
George W. Cable, the editor of The Sympo
sium, writes appreciatively and gracefully of
J. M. Barrie, the famous author of "Senti
mental Tommy," in the Christmas number of
his magtizine. The paper is enriched by a
beautiful photograph of Mrs. J. M. Barrie, and
a striking portrait of Mr. Barrie forms the
frontispiece.
The frontispiece of the December Century,
the head of Christ, is a detail from the great
painting by Daguan-Bouveret, the exhibition
HFS* HE death in England, a fortnight ago, of Coventry Patmore, removes a figure among English poets, but one whose distinction, such
yiS, as it was, passed out more than twenty years ago. His first appearance in print was greeted with howls of derision from the critics,
i\ who again and again endeavored to kill him off; but despite their efforts Patmore continued to live and write, and was exceedingly
"-- *" pleasing to a whole generation of admirers. Numerous editions of his works have been published both in England and on this
continent, and the demand for them has proved tne difliculty of killing a poet. In his writings Patmore has by some been compared to
Wordsworth, but we prefer to regard him as well in the van of those minor poets whom we need not read to criticize.
PLEASANT MOMENTS WITH CURRE NT VERSIFIERS.
Jhis Old Gour\tr\j.
Pnrty big place— this country, to ever be laid
on the shelf:
I never did have no fear o' that, though I've
got ten acres myself:
An' talk dou't 'mouut to nuthin'. The winds
keep singin' a song;
Tne hills stand fast in the stormy blast— the
rilte keep runnin' along!
Puny big place— this counry. to ever be drove
to the wall;
The seed comes up in the springtime— the har
vest's shore in the fall:
An' the fields an' the medders blossom, an' the
thunders shake the town,
An' the old flag waves in glory an' ripples the
good news down!
Purty big place— thfs country! Though people
will foam and fret,
An' shore as the day an' the flowers o' May,
"Thar's life in the old land yet!"
Thar's life 'an joy for the askin', an' thar ain't
a breathiu' clod
But ketches the Kiss 'o the sunshine an' is
free as the winds of God !
Purty big place— this country— hills an' val
leys an' plains;
Thanks be to God for the sunshine an' the fine
an' fresh'nin' rains,
An' the seed in the soil, an' the singin' o'
birds in the medders an' dells.
An' the ringin'— the liberty ringin* o' the
bells — o' the liberty bells.
The Lord is up in his heaven, an' he's bendin'
a sky o' blue,
An' wavin' a ribbon o' rainbows like signals
over you;
An' it's "Forward, march," for the country an'
joy to the field an' town,
An' the hills an' the wild winds sing it, an' the
red stripes ripple it down.
"Forward march l" an' the music stirs like the
roll of a drum.
"Forward, march !" an' the answer rings to the
sky, "We come?"
An' we're marchin' on together, an' the goal
thank God— is in view.
Three cheers for this great old country, an' the
red an' the white an' the blue!
Frank v Stanton.
Some Where.
Fair, mystic realm of Somewhere,
Beyond the Sometime Sea,
The vagrant odors come where
The world's ways torture me.
O'er waves and lonely islands
Thy whispers come betimes,
As lute-notes in the silence,
As minor poets' rhymes.
O beckoning realm of roses, where pleasures
mark each mile,
These yearnings are but music and living is a
smfiel
of which is now the chief art attraction in
London. The picture was the event of the last
Champs de Mars Salon in Paris, and is con
sidered by many critics to be the most notable
religious work that has been painted within
the past decade.
M^srs. Little, Brown & Co. of Boston have
just published the "Boston Cooking School
Cook Book," by Fannie Merritt Farmer. The
work is well classified, printed, Illustrated and
bound, and contains mauy recipes that are
new, especially in the way of desserts, foods
for the sick and confections.
In answer to the question so often asked,
"What is the good of polar exploration?' the
Lounger in the Critic says: "If some of the
more recent explorers were asked, I think
that they would reply that the pole Is almost
as much of a cold mine as South Africa. Dr.
Nansen will, at the least calculation, make
$100,000 out of his writings aud lectures on
I the subject of his voyage and discoveries."
Dickens for the million! It will be haTd to
beat an announcement which Chapman <fe
Hall make in reference to Dickens, says the
London Chronicle. They are to publish a
complete set of his works at a guinea—twenty
one volumes at a shilling a volume. Good
paper, a decorative red cloth binding and
froptispiece pictures are all promised lor the
money. The edition is tho more notable be
cause fully half of Dickens' stones are still
copyright.
The Macmillan Company announces a vol
ume of travel which for many reasons will
attract and hold attention. It is, "The Log of
a Naturalist in West Africa," by Miss Mary
Kingsley, daughter of the novelist and enthu
siastic naturalist, the Rev. Charles Kingsley.
It appears that Miss Kingsley's primary object
in making the trip was to acquire beetles,
fetishes and, if possible, a collection of fishes
from rivers north ot the Congo, but her atten
tion was by no means confined to these curios
and her book contains new material of value
to the ethnologist and student of folklore as
well as to naturalists.
The yearly volume of St. Nicholas just pub
lished is as full of good things for the young
folks to digest as the proverbial egg is full of
meat. An idea of its size may be gathered
from the fact that it contains more than one
thousand pages and over seven hundred pic
tures. There are stories about animals, fairy
tales, tales of adventure, stories for young
Americans, a number of entertaining special
papers and a vast quality of entirely new out
side matter. Suitable articles for the perusal
of the very little ones are added, and on the
I whole we may say that the child whom Santa
THE LATE COVENTRY PATMORE.
Sweet as a virgin's dreaming,
Who love's first kiss yet thrills —
Fair as thtr flowers gleaming
Where mooniighi softly spills.
Man's later Eden, Somewhere,
We needs must long for thee;
The tempter's lips are dumb there.
The serpent hate's not free.
0 beckoning realm of roses, where pleasures
mark each mile,
There yearnings are but music and living is a
smile. Will T. Hale.
Jhe Steersman.
The fore shrouds bar the moonlit sand,
The port rail laps the sea;
Aloft all taut, where the wind clouds skim,
Alow to the cutwater snug and trim,
And the man at tho wheel sings low, sings
he:
" Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to run afore;
From the Golden Gate to Sunda strait,
But my heart lies snug ashore."
Her hull rolls high, her nose dips low,
The rollers flash alee—
Wallow and dip, and the untossed screw
Sends heart throbs quivering through and
through —
And tho man at the wheel sings low, sings
he:
" Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to run afore;
Sou'east by south aud a bone in her mouth,
But my heart lies snug ashore."
The helmsman's arms arc brown and hard,
And pricked in his forearm be
A ship, an anchor, a love kuot true,
A heart of red and an arrow of blue,
And the man at the wheel sings low, sings
he:
'• Oh, sea room and lee room
And a gale to run afore;
The ship to her chart, but Jack to his heart—
And my heart lies snug ashore."
—The Bookman.
The Nation's FloWer.
Ob, Columbine! Oh, Columbine!
Columbia's flower of fair design,
Thy trumpet tongues— red. white and blue-
Bine Freedom's song each year anew;
And ranged about the central shaft
Forever on the breezes waft,
" E pluribus unum" for each State,
Tnus centered, makes the Nation great.
Oh, Eagle flower! forth from the rock
Thou springest alter winter's shock,
And with thy talons flying clear,
In strength and beauty lead'st the year.
America's Drond land thy home,
From mountain peak to ocean's foam;
Eagle and dove in one, the sign
Of our fair country, Columbine.
Canandaigua, Dec. 1. M. S. Metcal?.
THE EMPORIUM. .| THE EMPORIUM. I TH EMPORIUM.
The Emporium Book Dep't. I
SAN FRANCISCO, December 13, 1806. J
Books for Boys and Girls. |
tA well-chosen BOOK given to a "BOY or GIRL is a source of constant pleasure j
and assists in their EDUCATION. . ( s
We are displaying more BOOKS for BOYS and GIRLS this year.than all the other stores in w
San Francisco combined. We mention here a FEW of the more important New Juveniles. |
Pub- Em- j Pub- ' Em- , Pub- Em- fij
lisher's porium Usher's porium lisher's ponum m
Price. Price. Price. Price. . Price. Price. JH
top rFNTTTTRY BOOK OF . THE ANIMAL STORY BOOK. ' : Besides many other new Books we have a/j
famous AMERICANS A By Andrew Lang.... ...200 180 complete stock of the Books of tne following \S
frfp to the homeY of Wash- CAPTAIN CHAP. By Frank R. I popular juvenile writers : H
ington. Lincoln,. Grant and 5t0ckt0n......... 150 1 35, Louisa M. Alcott, per v01......5l 50 $135 fl
other famous Americans.... slso $135 SWEETHEART TRAVELERS. ! Susan Cooiidge, per vol.. 125 110 jtf
THE SWORDMAKER'S SON. By S. R. Crockett 150 135 Frances Hodgson Burnett, per f,
By W. O. Stoddard..-..... 1 .... 150 135 BETTY AND WYE. By Amy vol. (books) ;. 200 180,1
SINBAD, SMITH AND COM- .^ E. B anchard. 125 110 Frances Hodgson Burnett, per /J
PANY. A new Arabian ISLA HERON. By Laura £. j vol. (books) 150 135 M
Night's book. By Albert . . Richard. ............ 75 65 j Horatio A lger, per vol. 125 110
Htearns. ..........^.^...... iou •• oo FIVE MINUTE STORIES. By j Edward S. Ellis, per v 01....... 125 110 h
' T THn C R°K torn At Laura E.Richards ....... 125 110 Rosa Carey, per v 01............ 75 65?
Landof the Round Table. By PIERRETTE. By Marguerite . I Andrew Lang's Fairy Books, 1}
W H Fr05t......;............ 150 135 Bouvet 125 110 vol.. 200 180 5
THE PRIZE CUP. By J. T. WITH COCHRANE THE And many others. , ft
.. :. y :.:i5O 135 SSSgKttfS^S t« 135 Two Specials.
Th nt new books C C y UR T. A A TOMMY TODDLES. By Albert HARPER'S ROUND TABLE Rl
Henty. AT AGIN COURT.. A . TOMMY TODDLES. By Albert for 1896. 1200 pages and g
tale of the White Hoods of Lee.... :.:..:....;.... 125, xlO l over 2000 illustrations $350 $265 %
Pari5..................... 150 135 RICK DALE. By Kirk Mun- CASSELL'S FIRESIDE READ- \
ON THE IRRAWADDY. A r0e........:................... 125 110 INGS.. 1000 pages and over
story of the first Burmese A SHADOW SHOW. By P. a ' ' 2000 illustrations 200 90 fl
War 150 1 35 1 . Newe11..:......;....: 100 90 We have only 100 of each. Secure one NOW. Iv
Calendars for 1897. J
We have undoubtedly the LARGEST STOCK of CALENDARS ever displayed in the West, |
ann have purchased only the best productions of the Leading Publishers — Prang, Dutton, Tuck, etc. |
Your, personal inspection of these is invited, as it is impossible to describe them in an advertisement. |
Book Department— Floor. |
Claus in his goodness remembers with a copy
of the bound "St. Nicholas" will be happy in
deed. [Price, in two parts, $4. New York:
The Century Company.]
Gorvtervt.
I want no fortune, large or small;
I want no gems or jewels rare;
Great riches on my soul would pall
And till my heart with carking care.
I have no wish for mansion* great,
O'erspreed with pomp and full of gaud.
Let others seek a large estate;
'1 is not the portion: I would laud.
I have no love for acreage ;
I have no praise at all for gold;
I would not place one pin in pledge
To win a mass of wealth untold.
'Twould never set my heart aglow
To cry, "Behold! mv millions, these!"
'Twould rather fill that heart with woe
Aud utterly destroy my ease.
'Tis better far that all these things
To others should belong— to those
Who, bankers, nobles, merchants, king*,
Enjoy in splendor to repose.
Or, better still, to such a one
As she, the greatest joy in life,
Through whom my present ease is won,
My weli-loved •'millionairess" wife!
I am content without one mill,
And sball be so in sickness, health,
Let come what may of good or ill
As long as she retains her wealth.
—Harper's Bazar.
The Quiet fort.
There lies a quiet part across the sea,
Where the j>roud sail is furled,
Where the bright banner flares and flaunts no
more
That once waved round the world.
There the brave ships that steered for other
shores,
That fought the bitter blast,
And dared the unknown straits, the frost
hung bay?,
Find harborage at last.
And those white barks that sought the isles of
dream,
The lands of love's report,
They too, though steering gladly otherwhere,
Have found the quiet port.
There the dark night comes down around
them, there
The weary captains rest,
The homesick voyager bows down his head,
The sage forgets his quest.
But yet, ah, even while we fall on sleep,
We are content to wait;
Comrades, the land of cur desire is near,
This port Is but its gate.
Elizabeth G. Roberts in Harper's.
TALES BY A CALIFOR NIA GIRL
Emma Frances DaWsor\ ar\d Her Success
. in Stories of Dream and Mystery
T.HE JiJIUNTED .HOUSE OK TBLEfiRJIPJI .HILL
Professor Anderson of Stanford University Declares That to Find
Miss DaWson's Equal in Jter OWn Field One JYlust Qo
Back to Poe and HaWthorne
AN ITINERANT HOUSE AND OTHER
STORIED— By Emma Praueen Dawson. Wil
liam Doxev, San * rauclsco. Price $1 50. For
Bale by all bookstores.
In this book are collected the best stories of
a California author whom Current Literature
pronounces as standing in the front rank of
the literary development of California. Some
f these have appeared before in magazines,
but a number of them are here published for
the first timo. Words of high praise huve
been bestowed upon the previous work of this
writer by men perfectly competent to pass
literary judgment. M. B. Anderson, professor
of English literature to Stanford University,
says: "In order to find Miss Dawson's equal in
her own special field the critic must go back
to Poe or to Hawthorne." The stories are full
of mystery and dream. Several of them have
been prize - winners. The one called "The
Night Before the Wedding" bore off a premium
for being superlatively queer. Miss Dawson
puts into the mouth of one of her characters
the exclamation, "Happy are you poets and
musicians, who can express what is vague."
If the possession of this power brings happi
ness then is Miss Dawson to be envied both for
her happiness and her talents. She seems to
have a deal of what in her poem "Unfulfilled"
is called the "force celestial that could snare
the secret thought of man."
The story which gives its name to the book,
"An Itinerant House," is a weird tale of this
City, well fitted to keep one "awake o' nights,"
both by the thrill of the interest and the hor
rible ghostliness of it. That old house had its
wails impregnated with some mystic force
which produced ghostly suggestions to the
minds of those who stayed within them in the
early days when it stood on Telegraph Hill.
Since then the wandering house has been
moved about from street to street, still keep
ing its power of giving horrible sensations to
those who lodge therein. All the inhabitants
of this big City who dwell in old houses of
wh,ich they do not know the complete his
tory can after reading this tale go to bed with
the uncanny sensation that before morning
some fearful fancy may be forced upon their
imagination by these haunted walls.
SHORT POEMS.
THE LATEST AND LATER POEMS OF ANNA
MORRISON REED— The Hicks-Judd Com
pany, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by William
Doxey and the City bookstores; price $1.
The author of this little collection of short
poems has lived in California most of her life,
and therefore they should have attention as a
home production. Some of them have been
published before as "The Later Poems," but
this Is the first edition of the "Latest Poems"
Among the pleasing little pieces perhaps the
best is "As a Nun Would Tell Her Beads,"
which is after the manner of Browning.
Another brief aud pretty one is that com
mencing, "The gladdest heart in all the world
is mine."
FOR EEGINNERS IN FRENCH.
PETITK HIBTOIRK DE NAPOLEON LE
GRAND— By Arthur H. Seliat. Maynard, Mer
rill <S Co., .New York; price 3& cents.
A history of the great Emperor condensed
within the limits of seventy pages, by a
scholar who has industriously studied all the
most reliable works on .he subject, makes a
very desirable textbook for youthful students
of the French language. The lines of this
little history are all numbered for convenience
of reference to copious notes. In every case
of difficult grammar there are foot notes to tell
where to find the explanation.
GROTESQUE BEAUTY.
THE YELLOW BOOK (Volume XI, October,
1898). John Lane: The isodiev Head, London
and New York. Price $1 50. For sale by
William Doxey, Palace Hotel, tity.
Few people fancy the fantastic cover of this
quarterly unless they have a taste for Itte gro
tesque and yellow as great as the heathen Chi
nese. But if they will overcome all natural
repugnance they may have for Beardsleyism,
bravely lift the yellow lid and begin to read
the first story übout Lord George Hell, who is
wicked as his name, they will at onco become
so interested as to forget their prejudices
against nightmare-suggested pictures and the
bilious color which is a badge of honor In the
Celestial Kingdom. Lord George Hell, whose
history is called "The Happy Hypocrite,''
wooes the woman he loves under cover of a
mask, and, when he wins and marries her,
changes his name from Hell to Heaven, saying
to himself at the time, to appease his con
science for the falsehood, that "Lord George
Hell is dead." The true happiness of the
hypocrite comes in at the end, when the mask
being violently torn from George's fare he
begs his beloved wife not to look at his wicked
features, but she protests that the real face
was fairer than the semblance with which he
had deceived her. He looks into her eyes and
sees there the reflection of his own face. It
was indeed true: Lord George Hell was
dead. The story is a masterpiece of sym
bolic beauty.
There are a number of other good stories in
the 340 pages, aud in addition to the pictures
of curious grotesquenesß there are some pretty
ones, and especially fine are the ''War Horsea
of Rustem." Among the many literary at
tractions the best is "A Ballad and a Tal°,"
called "The Heavenly Lover," by B. Paul N\ i
man. This is a beautiful poem which will
help the book to a warm welcome 11 the p.r
proaching holidays, when we (
birth of the Lord of Love, w ITM tho
"Heavenly Lovei" of the tale.
LITERARY NOTES.
The "Laureate of Great Britain" Is the title
which Mr. E. C, Stedman gives to Rudyard
Kipling in a recent review of the latter's new
book, "The Seven Seas."
Henry T. Coates & Co., publishers, will soon
Issue "Pennsylvania Colony and Common
wealth," by Sydney George Fisher, author of
"The Making of Pennsylvania."
L. Prang & Co., the well-known fine art pub
lishers of Boston, are again to the fore this
year with a fine collection of calendars and
Christmas booklets. It is pleasing to note in
this connection that European publishers will
have their work cut out to enter into competi
tion with a firm issuing such handsome work
in America. Messrs. Prang deserve much
credit for their enterprise.
We have received from the Hicks-Judd Com
pany of 23 First street, City, a copy of a new
book which they have issued, entitled, "What
I Have Read and Noted." It consists of blank
leaves ruled in such a manner aa to permit of
the reader of works of reference or othor
books jotting down important passages in .such,
a form as to be convenient ior reference. The
idea appears to us to be a good one. The price
In paper cover Is 50 cents, and in cloth, gilt
edge, $1.
"The Story of Architecture," by Charles T.
Mathews, M.A., furnishes an outline of the
styles in all countries. This compact yet com
prehensive histoiy of architecture offers a
study of the effects of civilization upon archi
tecture as a necessity and an art Therein it
diffeM from many other works .which aro
simply narratives of events, plus catalogues of
buildings. Another point of interest is that
almost all the architectural monuments spe
cially referred to are described from personal
knowledge. American architecture, too, re
ceives careful attention.
Outing for December is one of the best nnm
bers of the popular sporting magazine that
ever left the Dresses. The number opens with
"The Pectorai Cross," a powerful story of the
stage, by Justine Ingersoll. This is one of the
best things of its kind that has appeared for
many a day. A second complete story, and a
good one, is "Zlnto," by H. F. Muun, who
proves to be well posted in the customs of the
Indians about Great Slave Lake. Notable fea
tures of the sport and travel departments are:
"Hares and Hare Hunting," by Ed W.Sandys;
"At the Top of Europe," by E. M. Allaire;
"American Amateur Athletes of '96," by W,
B. Curtis; "Golf in America to Date." by Price
Collier, and "Racing Schooners," by R. B.
Burchard.
The new volume is almost ready in the
serits which John Murray is issuing in Lon
don dealing with the prominent women of
America during Colonial and Revolutionary
times. lis subject is Mercy Otis Wanen. the
sister of James Otis, who played a great part
in bringing about the American Revolution.
His pubiic career began in 17t>l, when he put
forward the question, "Shall persons em
ployed in enforcing the acts of treaty have
power to invoke generally the assistance of
the executive officers of the colony?" That of
course was a foretaste of the events which led
to America becoming a nation. The point of
this memoir of the sister of Otis— the writer
being Mrs. Alice Brown— is the light it throwt
upon his time.
Arthur Waugh in his London letter to the
Critic says: "Mr. ZangwlU is understood to be
about to desert fiction lor a season and to pro
ject a series of studies of a certain class of
Jewish development. These are to be called
"Dreamers of the Ghetto," and the types
chosen will be conspicuous for the ideality
tind humanity of their creed. The Christ will
be among them, but the latest will be of quite
recent origin. Mr. ZangwiU is already ad
vanced upon his work, which he hopes tohava
finisned before next summer. It is not at all
improbable that he will be more successful in
this line of literature than he has proved as a
story-teller. His method has grown in com
plexity and is now less suited than
at first to the medium of popular fiction. Ha
is wise ii he appreciates this betimes, for he is
a man who is Dound to do something big,
when once he Has found his proper sphere.
2324
* I 'HE horse show is a thing of the past,
I but during the coming week wo will
continue to hear many remarks on
the beautiful gowns and the fair women
who adorned the boxes and the choicest
seats. Perhaps from a social and dressy
point of view the display was not quite as
fine as that of last year. However, all
said it was most satisfactory, but New
York certainly sets the fashions in many
things, and those who lead society here
are affected by the attitude assumed by
Eastern autocrats, and apropos of tnelast
New York show Vogue says:
"Fashionable patronage the world over
has been proverbial for its fickleness.
Perhaps in our republican society, where
there is less of the sentiment of noblesse
oblige, it has less stability, less staying
powers. At all events our social functions
— those particularly of a public character —
are not dependable. For one or two or
three years they may meet with greatest
favor — become, in fact, unprecedented in
brilliancy and success, supported by le
beau monde with the enthusiasm of its
fashion and wealth— when, presto! the
whim has passed, the fad in over, and the
result is an entire change of base or sudden
inenity followed by extinction.
"The borse show is a case in point. It
begins to show symptoms of having lost
the elans of the first two displays, and
there are indications that the smart set no
longer respond con arnore. So it goes.
There is little hope for permanency oi rep
resentation to be counted upon in our
amusements. Everything is ior the day,
for the craze of the nour, and liKe a child's
toy to be cast aside."
All lovers of horses will sincerely reeret
fashion's decree if within the next year or
two such exhibitions are abolished, still,
doubtless some equally interesting di
version will be substituted, and we will
aJI wondpr how we ever could have been
so enthusiastic over such a display.
Oup Pretty Women's Gowns
But to return to the subject of our pretty j
women and their gowns. They were as- j
euredly most lovely and transformed the
Pavilion into a rcse garden, and, indeed,
the blossoms were of such uniform perfec
tion that it was difficult to decide which
was most beautiful. Ourdressmakers and i
awfcy Eastern and foreign ones must have j
racked their brains ivad exercised the j
greatest ingenuity to have evolved such
unique and chic confections and creations.
Such combinations of iaces, furs, chiffons,
mousselines de soie, crepe lisse silks,
satins, brocades and jewels are sel
dom seen. Several of the brides
present were most picturesque in
truly delightful frocKs, the acknowl
edged belles were bravely attired, and the
dear, sweet debutantes were simply charm
ing in dainty, delicious gowns that weil j
suited their fresh, bright faces, and our j
Istately matrons were gorgeously attired
in their silks and satins, their velvets and
jewels.
I The bonnets and hats worn had in most
cases been selected with rare good taste
and gave the necessary artistic touch to
many a toilet. Indeed, 1 agreed with the
remark of a bright Eastern woman who
said: "Well, you certainly have some mil
liners here who would make a name for
themselves even En New York," and this
reminds me that you will all probably like
to hear about the Tzarine hat, which has
met with well-deserved popularity in New
York. A correspondent says: Extremely
coquettish is the Tzarine hat, with the
black velvet brim rolled up the sides and
lined with green velvet. High but rather
large crown in paler green velvet, with a
lace sc3rf caught in front by a large jet
buckle. Quite at the back, on the left side,
was posed a blackbird, above which curved
an osprey plume. To complete the toilet
was a love of a manchon — a large one, as
they all are now— with deep frills of black
velvet, pl'sscs of white satin and green
lisse, great chic bows of broad ribbon of
ustrous satin, exquisitely tied.
Two Jldmipable Frocks.
Two frocks worn by sisters lately at a
very fashionable tea (they assisted in re- j
ceiving) are worthy to be described. The
elder appeared in a skirt of light blue '
taffeta, which had a silvery sheen over it,
and wa3 trimmed high above the hem so
as to give the effect of a double skirt, two
bands of l3ce encircled it and they were
united down the middle by a narrow band
of sable. The bodice was likewise of
taffeta covered with creamy Brussels lace,
over which, were plentifully sprinkled
rhinestones, which shimmered in the
light. The debutante who wore this
dainty costume is quite narrow across the
shoulders, so the necessary width was
given by a judicious management of fine
lace and fur. Her collar and waistband
were of a deliciom green. The sleeves
were long and ruched, the net only being
used in their composition, a frill of lace
fell over the hands.
The younger sister wore a pink glace
taffeta ; the lour and a half yard skirt was
bordered with three full ruches of the i
same; the pink bodice had pink chiffon '
most gracefully draped over it, and over I
that fitted exquisitely a bolero of white
Irish iace, embroidered with pink coral
beads. The long and fantastically lovely
sleeves of chiffon had a bouillon ne of
chiffon over the shoulders, surrounded by
a lace epaulet and four bands of lace-edged
insertion apparently bold the bolero to
gether. They each terminate with a hand
some coral button gold mounted. Coral
is for the moment enjoying the greatest
favor and is being most extensively used.
"Emeralds are of all the colored jewels
the most fashionable, both under their
real aspect and their imitation. Most at
tractive muff chains are formed of cabo
chon emeralds, red enamel and pearls, al
ways excepting those made entirely of
diamonds, which are completed with dia
mond tassels of jewels flexibly set.
And, by the way, it may be observed at
the theaters that the wearing oi these long
FASHION'S
chains has at la^t reached London. No
well-dressed woman appears now in the
evening without a chain of pearls and a
chain of some jewels or enamels. As I
have previously observed, the fashion is
absurd, but it is none the less charming,
and we are slowly but surely yielding to
it. Jewels are altogether in high favor.
"Women deserving of the title 'well-
ressed' all decorate their hair with dia- |
monds, and it is no rare sicht to meet real <
diamond buttons on evening frocks, while \
the decolletage is liberally besprinkled i
with diamond brooches. And then, ns I
' said before, ihese pendant chains offer ex
cellent opportunities for the- display of our
taste and our wealth. The bracelets of
the chain order, set with many colored
gems, continue on their career of popu
larity; but 1 question whether it is good
form to wear during the daytime half a
dozen of these on either arm, each dis
playing jewels of the richest and the
rare«t. However, such is the ordinary
conduct oi the fashionable woman."
Tfye Latest Parisian .Models.
One Parisian model is made of the new
eregue cloth — a perfectly loveJy shade of
violet that is being much worn at this
moment in Paris. The skirt is absolutely
plain, mounted with a couple of narrow
box pleats just at the center of the waist.
The bodice is of Jeanne d'Arc velvet, a
lovely fabric with a silver sheen, the
Dolero being of cloth, trimmed with
quaintly exquisite Japanese buttons.
Quite an idea, which we can easily imitate
in San Francisco.
Equally lovely is a dress of dark green
cashmere cloth, made with a trimming of
Greek bands in the same cloth stitched
upon the skirt. Tha bodice is composed
of a chinchilla blouse, with a little basque
band of green velvet and a Jeanne d'Arc
bolero. This costume is given a certain
art by the addition of a large chinchilla
muff with a ruc::e of velvet and lace on
either side. Very chic is the tout en
semble!
Most attractive is a toilet of accordion
plaited gray cloth and gray baby Jamb.
Worth has just completed such a gown,
j the sleeves being trimmed with a double
line of fine black silk braid at intervals
from the wrist to the shoulder. The gar
ment is, taken all in all, rather eccentric,
but then the demand is for novelty, as it
) is, as that alone marks the artistic clever
dressmaker. There are many little points
known by fair Parisiennes that are worthy
of our obseivation, and one is this: A
Farisienne considers that only a plain
material makes a becoming skirt, and in
fact can mold her hips and give her "la j
! ligne," and she remains true to her
opinion.
This npplies c hiefly to woolen dresses;
dressy silks she wilt admit with flowers
and iines, however. Silk is quite a differ
ent matter. Apropos of cloth gowns,
excellent is one of chestnut-brown cloth,
of which the bodice forms a sort of bib
over an under-bodice of green satin, pat
terned by velvet foliage in many tones of
browns with here and there a touch of tor
qnoise-blue, while the braiding on the
cioth adds another note of color. A green
gown, tailor-made in cloth, recently cre
ated in the same gay capital, has a bodice
the insertions of which are of velvet of a
i darker shade. Long narrow bands of vel
| vet ornament the bodice and the top of
| the skirt in rowa of three, each being fin
ished by a green jade button. The corse
let belt is of black satin terminating in a
rosette at the side.
Another charming walkingcostume has
been seen in a fine cioth of a nut-brown
shade. The bodice ia made in the Rus
sian blouse mode and has its revers
edged with sable, opening over a chemi
sette of golden brown velvet, a roll of
sable giving a pretty finish to the collar.
The swathed waistband of black satin
ends at the back in long sash-like loops,
almost reaching to the bottom of the
skirt.
Collars and Capes.
Numerous collars and capes are made in
astrakan or sealskin, bordered with a
wide band of another fur, such as sable,
chinchilla or silver, blue or blacK fox.
Quite fantastic are some made of marten
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
fur, leaving a vandyked or scalloped bor
der, from which falls a wide ruche of lace.
The same lace borders the High collar and
falls in front on a silk waistcoat, over
which lies the fur of the cape. Sealskin
en ters into the composition of a most-suc
cessful cape, made very full with godet?.
It crosses in the front and is fastened on
the shoulder with a fringe of marten tails,
gathered together in a bunch. All round
tbo cape is a five-inch band of marten.
The collar is funnel shaped and of the
same fur. A flat muff of marten,
with the little animal's head and
tail and a full frill of lace at each
end accompanies this delightful wrap.
But enough of cloth gowns and furs.
More elaborate conceptions for weddings
and cotilions, etc., demand our serious
and concentrated thought as the season
waxes gayer every wee!:; so a new sleeve,
a trifling difference ia combination of col
ors, the merest suggestions are all being
received thankfully by those to whom
fashion has imparted her mysteries.
Every style, modernized of course, is to be
seen. For example, Louis XII, Louis XV,
Empire, 1840, according: to the time and
circumstances, but such modes to be sue •
cessful must be carried out most carefully
and never is it allowed to mix styles in the
same costume.
But first let me call your attention to
the most attractive models here illustrated
by our artist and thus descri bed :
"Round skirt and cioss-litting sleeves in
frarnet-colored cioth, ornamented with
Swiss belt, festoons and throat lapeb in
fancy jet galon; ple.itiiixs of black satin.
Blouse striped with black velvet; neckband
to correspond. Shoulder cape, lined with
garnet silk, in sable or otter fur, like the
flounce round the skirt. Large fur muff
barred with chinchilla bands, on each of
which sparkles a jeweled clasp securing a
tab of pleated lace artistically turned in
different directions. Hat in garnet felt,
j edged with fur."
Also very interesting is the delightful
bolero for evening wear, with its Empire
belt. The materials employed are rose
pink satin and white tulle.
At an unusually brilliant cotillon very
lately was worn a gorgeous dress of white
damas. The flowers of the pattern were
embroidered witb chenille and seed pearls;
the skirt was perfectly plain, with a demi
train; the low bodice, slightly pointed,
was fastened with diamond buttons, and
round the throat a band of sable and tufts
of roses. The short sleeves were of gauze
and damas, the long gloves being held
with an elastic jeweled bracelet at the top
of the arm; mauvre-silk stockings and
shoes of the same material as the dress,
white marabout fan.
The hostess was appareled in a pale
gftld moire antique, the water marks
slightly outlined with gold; plain skirt;
round the square cut bodice was a band
of chinchilla, and here and there a tuft of
shaded pansies; lace ruffles edged the el
bow sleeves, which were draped en pa
pillon, with a strap of chinchilla. A,
lovely Baronne was a picture in a plain
silk, cale au lait in color, covered with
shaded roses, most artistically painted by
the wearer; white cauze and roses with
out leaves beautified the bodice; pale
pink stockings and white satin shoes,
painted with small roses.
Dainly and smart was a white Pekin
through which ran pin ic stripes with gar
lands of roses and lilies of the valley on
the stripes round the skirt, with a row of
small roses close together round the edge,
which were veiled with a white lace
flounce. The bodice was low and pointed
and had a fulling of lace in front and also
at the back, but still showing the outlines
of the waist distinctly.
Cl2it-Cnat.
The fashion of wearing a watch list
ened to the bodice has been obsolete for
quite a time in this country, but some
women still so adorn themselves in Lon
don. This style rinds no favor in the
eyes of most men; so.it is reported that
not long ago a man walked down Regent
street with a small American clock fast
ened to the lapel of his coat, hoping that
the ridicule it would excite might make
women stop offering such temptations to
every passing thief. This person created
so great a sensation and so much amuse
ment that the police remonstrated with
him, but he declared he saw no reason
why he should not wear a clock just as
ladies wear their watches.
Members of the very interesting and
extensive Needlework Guild iv this City
will be interested in learning that the
Duchess of York has this year collected
for a similar guild in London 4000 articles
of clothing. H. R. H. has been pret?liy
and aptly named the 'Princess of the
Poor." She will never have a prouder
title. Mabcella.
Fop .Men.
The waistcoat illustrated is of a richly
brocaded black silk and from London
comes the information that such waist
coats are being worn with evening dress,
and in the spring it is predicted that they
will be worn wi'h frock coats. White and
gray waistcoats are also made; the design
in some cases is outlined in gray or gold
or brightened with some slight touches of
color.
The waistcoats are made single or
double breasted, with silk buttons to
match; or, if the wearer possess any
antique gold or other waistcoat buttons,
this is an excellent opportunity for their
introduction. At present the fashion al
most entirely confines itself to dress waist
coats, but we are informed that next year
the plain black brocades will be much
worn in the daytime. This return to the
modes cf onr great-grandfathers will be
gladly welcomed as a relief to the mo
notony of male attire in the evonine.
The attempt to revive this fashion is, of
course, due to the fact that the Prince of
Wales gave such extensive orders for bro
cades suitable for waistcoats to the Spital
lields v/eavcrs. The two young English
men who have been wearing Kay waist
coats recently may yet find themselves in j
the height ot fashion. Who can tell?
Him would frown upon the mere sugges
! tion of a crimson waistcoat to-day, but
as spring draws near his views are
quite likely to undergo a decided change.
i Our artistic senses are to be further grati
fied shortly I hear by the appearance by
one of the Britishers I have just men
! ticned arrayed in a light brown leathern
I waistcoat.
At the present moment the best dressed
I of men in America are strictly conserva
tive in their views, and show no defire to
depart from the conventional styles. Him
admits that: "There is yot a lingering de
sire for brighter plaid waistcoats than are
j exactly the best in point of taste; and the
most brilliant of cinnamon-pink shirts
is even seen at as conspicuous a place as
the Waldorf, worn by a man of reputed
fashion and in the evening."
By the way, how few properly fitted
j frock coats, comparatively speaking, aro
I ever seen. They are difficult to cut well,
I and even some of the bsst tailors here do
not make them correctly, and a second-
I rate man simply makes a perfect botch of
I such a garment.
The very newest gloves are of a queer
shade of green, described as 3 soacies of
cafe au lait. They are extremely smart
I tor afternoon wean C. C.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
A Budget of Interesting J^eWs ar\d Qossip
/ibout the California Colony in the
Eastern Metropolis
NEW YORK, N. X V., Dec. 7.— Hooray!
Whizz! Bing! The boys have been hav
ing packs of fun pelting each other with
crisp white snowballs durinc the past
week! A flock of angels swooped down
near earth last Sunday night, because
when New York rubbed its sleepy eyes
Monday morning it found the world was
polar white with feathery snow.
The first snow of the season seems
whiter and cleaner and more welcomethan
any of the other winter storms; but that is
because it is a novelty, and humanity
craves constant change in all things. Per
haps that is why we grow old so rapidly.
To-day the sun is shining warm and
patches of snow still cling to the house
tops and lie on untrodden ground every
where. Now and then a stray snowball,
thrown by a stiaying schoolboy, splashes
the woolly surface of a passing overcoat,
but otherwise all is quiet on Manhattan
Isle.
The "first-snow" fever has abated and
we will settle down to the regular routine
business of an Eastern winter.
When Dr. H. C. Cluness and his estima
ble wife came to town they put up at the
Grand Hotel and intended to enjoy the
sights, the opera and their friends in an
independent Western style. They carried
out their plans for a few days only. At
the end of that period a couple of old and
time-honored friends claimed their pres
ence and the firm resolves dissolved into
the acceptance of their friends' genial
hospitality. They are visiting on Fifty
eighth street, but the doctor strolls into
the Grand every day to get his mail,
answer correspondence and chat with old
acquaintances.
Mrs. J. 08. Gunn and young daughter
left the Fifth-avenue Hotel for the West
on Tuesday. They will stop at Cleveland
and Chicago a few days each, arriving
home about the 16th of the month. Mrs.
Gunn will have a number of handsome
new kowiib to show her friends, for she
has been busy shopping during her stay
in town, and never have the shopping dis
tricts been so lively and so full of gor
geous finery.
W. G. Coggswell of Los Angeles is
at the Metropole. He has come on to
purchase some novelties in the way oi
furnishings for his little summer resort.
Walter W. Bacbman of San Francisco
arrived last Tuesday. He will make a
short stay.
J. E. Carey will rush through his busi
ness here in timo to spend Christmas in
dear old California— at least he said as
much to a friend yesterday.
Mrs. J. B. and Miss Emma Butler" of
San Francisco have left the Imperial and
are visiting in Plainville, N. J. They are
the guests of Mrs. Eustice, sister of Mrs.
Butler.
B. P. Meyer and F. P. Jacobs left for
California on Friday.
H. S. 81auqht, the president of the San
Francisco Ramie Company, is bu3ily en
gaged in organizing a New York com
pany. He declares that the wonderful
ramie plant will, inside of a few years,
completely revolutionize the cotton
market.
A magnificent raraie mill is now being
finished in Washington, D. (J., the ma
chinery is being placed and everything
will soon bo in readiness for active work.
Mr. SSaught is an enthusiastic and inde
fatigable worker and quickly surmounts
every obstacle.
E. W. Marks, who was visiting us for
many weeks, left for the Golden Gate the
hrst of the week.
Colonel F. M. Irons is tip at the Gre
noble.
L. C. Parker, the well-known mining
man of Butte, Mont., came into town
Saturday with colors flying. He is here
to place some valuable mining properties
located in Nevada and Montana. Mr.
Parker is well known in San Francisco.
He lived for many years in Virginia City,
and paid many visits to the Golden Gate
during that period.
R. Luscombe of San Francisco arrived
Saturday morning and hurried downtown
to meet old acquaintances and let them
know he had reached the city safe and
hapDy.
Mrs. William L. Price, who has been at
the Everett House for several months
past, left there a few days ago to visit
friends in New England. She may not
return to New YorK, but just continue her
journey homeward after the Christmas
holidays.
Hon". J. M. Brazee floated into the
crowded thoroughfares the other morn
ing, transacted a lot of business, and fold
ins his gripsack quietly stole away.
"These Californians know their busi
ness," said a man to me to-day. "They
just sniff at us Easterners these days, and
gleefully hustle homeward when the skies
are lead and the snow filters down. They
don't like the looks of icicles, I guess."
The man was right, perhaps, because
the arrivals of California folk are few and
very far between.
Tr-ere is a tinge of sadness lurking about
Thirtieth street and Broadway these days.
Dear old A. M. Palmer has quietly re
leased himself from the management of
what has been long known as Palmer's
Theater. Across the front now appeals
the older name of "Wallack's."
The swinging doors bear little gold let
ters spelling "Wallack's." Everything
which even hints at the palmy or stormy
Palmer days is being completely obliter
ated.
It is rumored that Mo??, the owner and
lessor of the theater, is a very rapacious
sort of a man, and that through his cruel,
hard-fisted methods the Wallacks came to
grief. Mr. Palmer has bravely buffeted
cruel waves of defeat, and triumphantly
sailed over smooth waters of success and
wealth.
He is a man beloved by thousands, and
though at present the world shrugs its
shoulders and wonders at his present atti
tude, it may depend that he will bob up
serenely, dignitiedly, victorious. Mr.
Palmer has what every public man should
haye — a brainy and courageous wife, de
voted and lovely.
1 had a very interesting chat with W.
H. Crane the other evening. He still
labors under the unhappy belief that
Californians do not like him and never
will. Everybody has heard that he once
chanced to remark something against
"Cftliiornia critics and California climate."
The outcome of it all was that Mr.
Crane, the able actor and genial gentle
man, has firmly and sweetly refused all
overtures from Western managers. For
eight glittering successful years W. H.
Crane has triumphantly marched through
the North, South, East and Middle West,
but never has he deigned to ascend the
mighty Rockies and even peep upon the
sunset States. He does not claim to be a
Hannibal, but some day he may be in
veigled into crossing the mountain-tops.
In the meantime Mr. Crane is growing
richer every day, the public is growing
fonder and Californians are losing a very
good thing.
To-day I saw McKea Rankin, the once
elegant and shapely, waddling across
Broadway puffing and blowing under a
mountain of flabby fat.
I gazed with wonder at his broad back
and casped with astonishment when I
beheld ttie protruding paunch of the once
manly Fwankin. His faco is smoothly
shaven, accentuating if possible his
puffed cheeks and double chin. Why, oh
why! How, oh how! do all the promi
nent actors and actresses develop into
male and female Falstaff3 before they are
50 years o!d.
Even the great and only Oscar Hammer
stein is tending that way, but then he is
just turned 50, as he frankly admits, so
one can pardon him the offense.
New York ought to ba proud of Oscar
Hamraerstein. Through his example
wealthy property-owners and prominent
theatrical managers have invested their
money in building theaters and t>laces of
I ' ' " ■■' " " " ■ ._/ ■• . -^- ■ . ■ - -
KILL TWO BIRDS
WITH ONE STONE!
! In 9e!ecMnfir your CHRISTMAS PRESENT buy something: your WIFE,
; DAUGHTER or SISTER REALLY NEEDS and which you will eventually
I have to buy. Kindly pay us a visit and we will assist you In finding some-
j thin* that will be JUSTTHE THING. _ . '
IWo still have a few left of those LADIES' RAINCOATS with o*o OC
Cape at «pZiOO
\ LADIES' CORDUROY WAISTS, dressmaker made and lined <C/ 1 7C
throughout, regularly $6, now at................. h>*T. I O
LADIES' KERSEY JACKETS, silk lined, vslvet on collar, and fl>in OC
never sold less than $15, now at.... H>lvJ«^lQ
3!<e m* facer sr.
USEFUL HOLIDAY GIFTS
FOR LADIES AND MISSES.
One of Onr Celebrated_Corsets and Waists
JUST KKCKIVED-A JUAKGE INVOICE OF
Ijong-Waisted P. L». Sans Kiv»l Corsets,
V. F. it la Sireno Comets, :
Celebrated Koyal C. T. Corsets,
Kl"j;mit N. T. French; Corsets,
. Uur valrd IVerly Corsets,
.-^Bicycle Corsets.- ■.-:■■ <■'■-.'
The KeigJiinp Fashionable LOUIS XV
PAItISI4K COR-K1 :ind T|iK ;
OLGACOB3ET.
. CAUTION— Having no agencies or branch stores, ;
our Cornets can be purchased - only at our estab-
lishment. ■'.'. >■<
: , Mail Orders receive prompt attention. '
f" Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. • '
83~ Parcels delivered free to OaKland, Alameda
and Berkeley. :■
Our Store Open Evenings until Jan. 1.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
ISO.. S'H.BTTU «** SON,
• 742-744 .Market at. ami 10- L ii Grant aye
§-■■■-■ uioltivli
SYSTEM,
11/V^J_-J^ .'The only one by which
\jLr2Pis you can make a garment
r without trying on. ;^
j) 1 : FREETESTS.
. n-v>& 123 , ; mARKET ST
amusement, which add to the beauty and
grace of the city streets.
Among the late arrivals in New York
are: William Pridham, Los Angeles; Mrs.
F. H. Green, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Rothcnilds. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Levi
son, C. de Guigne and wife, W. Ralston,
George C. Baldwin and Joseph Waund, all
of San Francisco.
34 Park row. Trella Foltz Toland.
KEW TO-DAY.
Haviland
China
Is the floest niada— that's acknowledged
everywhere. Usually rather high priced —
here are some of the Big china Store's
st&tfr*^^ famous low
/£s&s ■ #Pv prices. Be-
rn •■' i, 'i'[Vs\ hand - dec-
ml i% i|A«*a t • d
i|Ps\ MX picture
jC^^^^^ an idea—
l^^f^c^^^fp': Dessert size
$3 per dozen, Breakfast size $3.50
par dozen, Bread and Butter size $2.75
per dozen.
. Fine __■ ■■'■ , • ■
thin hand (^^H£jjysftg^u-\
O'clock a=S!S^
Tea size,
25 cents per pair; Regular Tea ' 3O
cents, Coffee 40 cents. A hundred other
articles at equally Low prices— come
and see. -\ ' '
Artistic Lamps and Globes, Rich Cat
Glass, Ornaments, Cutlery,; etc., in endless
variety, and every piece at those famous
low prices. Come early and make your
selections and avoid the holiday rush.
OPBIfIT 33"^7"3S32Sri3Xra-JS.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE—
"' A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevt'%
. WANQENtiEIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
 £tLO\V MOXTGOMERT.
GENUINE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS
CARPET,
75G A YARD,
, SEWED AND LAID.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
747 Market Street,
Tel. 5391. Opp. Grant Aye.
v wwwwuuuuwuuuooooOOOOOOO
A •-.-•■ ■ ■ Q
1 $750,00 j* I
ion v'(si
1 fliiiil! Xk.ij. Ui s
■I DO YOU »7 ' f^Pfeo^ . I
WANT IT? ' '^Wt^i c
o ■.-":. You can get it in the WomanMnd *
•d >< -word : contest. • How many ■ English c •
3 words canyon form from the nine let- g :
o ters in ."womankind V, It's easy. c
o Every contestant wins a prize. . c
o 2 Columbia Bicycles, Price SI OO each. c "
o 1 Cleveland Bicycle, Price $100. c "
o 1 Gladiator Bicycle, $100. c ■
9 I ; Business College Scholarship, $100. c
o * Kodak. $25. K> *
a 1 Silver Tea Pot. $25. , .. S
o 1 Set Amor. Ency. Brlttanlca, 130. c
o 1 Webster's Inter'! Dictionary. $10. c
o And more than 300 other prizes. • Con- c :
o test closes Jan. 30, 1897. Send today c
o for free sample copy of Womankind c
o containing fall particulars. Address, a
;° : WOMANKIND, Springfield, Ohio. • «=
o - Remember Every Contestant gets a ' f
r o <- ':.': Prize. ■.-.•... -■ . .;..■-. - .■•..■•.■.:. n. °
Sp^^itn^^S The most efficacious of Sila
| BB*SS/^gES!jl Food> cd Tissue Builders Is ree-
WK*n*~*. •<**>■ K"^l on)Tnei:df(l b physicians for Its
YPJSa "w *^- KjiJvß r uri '. T a ai efHcicy. It rcmovei
HUJk l^ " AhJ freckles and (an, prevents wrinV;"«
BBB|^*" ~ JB 9 anil renders the akin soft, smooth,
BUSIJIN— «<* / wBHI ° I<- a r .»n<lwluf*. It cures ch»pp?4
■ WgSif--*-? MHi br ""' s >ch*pr l ' 1 l lips, »nd many skin
|.■ fcr- ■■-■^* t .-;- '■'•s>*a diseases. Price 50 cents. Sold ly
 ... ""^ all Drnggtsts.^tKßgßStaJHsl
I i And at PACIFIC COAST AGENCY, Room 29,
i - Donohoo Building, 1170 Market St., S. F.-^?§Msiac& J(aw/c the
/ Jferoj and Jfis Wars
Vhe Jamoua Sac Indian's Story Jrom Jfis
Own Kips
Some time during the early part of the
last century, probably, a wandering tribe
C»f Indians, of whom history is silent, left
ttre black shores of the Upper St. Lawrence
for a more congenial climate.
The sources from which tlie first pnrt of
this stetch is taken are chiefly legendary
but, such as they are, it is given as it was
taken from the lip ; of one who is charac
terized by tiie editor of a small volume
Called "The Autobiography of Black
Hawk,'' as a warrior, a patriot and subse
quently a prisoner, Ma-ka-ta:-me-shc-kia
kiak, or Black HaWK. Toward (he latter
part of bis life, says the American Field,
■ tlifs"bero of many battles, when old, poor
W awl obscure, became desirous of giving bis
M story to his white friends, "that the
v-ebple of the United States might know
■the cause which impelled him to act as he
h'ad'done and the principles by which he
was governed." This was faithfully trans
.•" ;l*t*d : by Antoine Le Claire, s. half-breed of
■ French and Indian parentage, whose de
. . gcefidants live in Davenport, lowa.
It must be remembered that, although
'■'Slack Hawk's story is intermingled with
■ legends, it is probably true as regards the
emigration of the tribes — the Sacs, as they
were called — from place to place to their
final destination, the Rock River country,
in Illinois. The tradition of the causes
which led to this great event in their
bjstory was handed down to Black
Hawk as coming from his great
grand fat' er, Nana-ma-kee, who, by
blackening his face, fasting and in
vocation to the Great Spirit, appeared to
the chief in dream?, telling him to fast
one year more, and then to take his
brother chieftains and travel to the leit of
the sun ri-ing till they could hear certain
sounds, when they would meet a white
man who would be a father to this people.
The sounds were heard end the witite man
appeared. He announced himself to be
the son of the King of France and said
that he also had fasted lour years; that
the Great Spirit had visited him in dreams,
tsl!ing him he would meet his children,
the Indians, and their chief.
They returned to their nation. The old
chief, when he learned of their meeting
the white man, presented the great
medicine-bag to his son, Nana-ma-kee,
baying it was the soul of their nation, that
it nfver had been disgraced and he hoped
i it never' would be. Nana-ma-kee was a
\ young man, and there were some dissen
sions among the people on account of so
much power being civen to one so young,
but when tht* "talk" was at its height a
violent thunderstorm appeared and the
lightning struck a tree, setting tire to it.
Young Nana-ma-kee seized a burning
branch, made a fire in the lodge, seated
the people around it, who were awed by
what seemed to be a miracle, and addressed
them:
"I am young, but the Great Spirit has
called me to take the rank I hold. While
my father, the chief, lived I had no wish
to take his place. You have seen the
power given by the Great Spirit in causing ]
that fire. I wish that the chiefs, my j
brothers, mamnever let it go out." '
All were satisfied when they heaid and j
saw that the Great Spirit had spoken and
confirmed his words by the burning tree.
In the legend of the burning tree one is
reminded of the burning bush out of |
which God spake to Moses regarding the I
children of Israel. In all accounts of the j
religion of the Indians I know of no |
record where they are represented as wot- j
ahiping the Great Spirit in any material j
form or wood or stone. The Great Spirit j
was immortal and invisible.
After a long absence the French father j
returned, and a trade was kept un for j
some time with the tribe, exchanging ;
various commodities for their furs and
other articles. The British, who were then
at war with the French, at last overpow
fceredthem and gained possession of Quebec.
A-ome of the different tribes joined In the
Var, and afterward united their forces
against the Sacs and drove them to Mon
treal and thence to Mackinaw. They met
the British Father, as Black Hawk calls
him, who helped them and furnished
them with goods. They were troubled
by -cfaeir enemies, wlio drove tliem from
I place to place, till they reached Green
! Bay, or what is now called Sauk River.
j There they held council with the tribe or
: nation of Foxes, who abandoned their vil
lages and joined the Sacs. A party of
j young men had been on an expedition
! southward as far as Rock River, and the
| young braves returned to Green Bay full
I of the f.reat news of the beautiful region
they had just left; and soon after the
tribes were en route for the promised land.
They were joined by the Foxes, and from
ihat time the history of the two tribes
seems to be closely entwined.
For more than a hundred years they
BLACK HAWK.
I held undisputed possession of the Mississ
j ippi Valley, from ibe Ouisconsin to the
Portage ties Sioux, near the mouth of the
Missouri, about 703 miles in length. At
that time tliey had little intercourse with
the whites, except with the traders who
came to their villages for their peltries.
At that time intoxicating iiquors were un
known among them, although afterward
introduced by the traders. Black Hawk
was bitterly opposed to this, and some
times, as said by aa eye-witness, "drove
in the kegs of whisky or mm. which were
furnished them by traders."
They held their lands by their prowess
a? warriors. In 1804 an event occurred
which gave rise to all their troubles with
the whites. One of their number had
killed an American, for which he was im
prisoned. Four or rive Indian? went down
to St. Louis, where he was confined, to
secure his release and his return to his
family by offering a compensation for the
1 ife of the murdered man, according to
the Indian custom. General William
Clarke, the companion of Lewis, nt that
time was the general superintendent of
Western Indians and their affairs.
The Government, through Clarke, re
fused the compensation, but demanded
lands. Black Hawk and the other In
| dians, who were informed of the circum
| stances, wero bitterly 'oppased to parting
with th"ir lands, as these men had no
authority for this, but went simply to res
cue the prisoner.
It is said that the men were made drunk,
and while in that condition the sale of
the lands was consummated; the pris
oner was set at liberty, but as he was run
ning from the jail he was shot dead by one
of the men on tuard.
All their lands on the east side of the
Mississippi River were sold. Black Hawk
says, for $1000 a year; other accounts say
$2000. I think Judge Spencer, in his
"Reminiscences," says the latter. He was
one of the old settlers of Rock Island. Ho
speaks of tfiack Hnwk as an honorable
and just man. Black Hawk pays:
"I leave it to tiie people of the United
States to say whether our nation was
properly represented in that treaty, or
whether we received justcompensationfor
the extent of country ceded by these four
individuals."
A clause in the sale said that the Indi
i ans might occupy the lands while they
! belonged to the Government.
Black Hawk's narrative is singularly de
[ ticient in dates. lie was the grandson of
Nana-makee, his father was Tyesa.and he
was born on. the shores of Rock River,
near where it empties into the Mississippi.
There he remained till he was 15 years
old, when he won honorable distinction
by wounding an enemy. This was the
first event of his life which he considers of
importance enough to record. He was in
battle with the Osages, wht?re he saw his
father kill a man and tear off his scalp.
This fired his ambition, and he attacked
and killed and sea I fed his enemy. There
were several expeditions against this trine.
In one of these his father was mortally
wounded, and after his death Black Hawk
fell heir to the great medicine bag of his
forefathers. In all his successes in battle
he recognizes the aid of the Great Spirit.
Finally there was peace among the
tribes and they settled quietly down in
their villages. It appears that the tribes
occupying the land in what is now Illi
nois, lowa and Wisconsin had been con
stantly at war with each other. The
Indians found the Rock River and Missis
sippi country exceedingly attractive. Toe
island of Rock Island was a favorite re- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896
sort for the young people of the tribes. It
was there they had tbeir games and
dances. They felt that they had found
the most beautiful and desirable spot they
had ever seen, and determined never to
leave it. After their harvests had been
secured and the hunters had returned
laden with the spoils of the chase they
gave themselves up to their favorite
amusements. They raised corns, beans,
squashes and other vegetables, and cached
them for winter use. A deep hole was dug
in the ground, the vegetables were placed
therein and covered with earth and bark.
Frequently the contents of the cache were
stolen by their enemies by piercing the
ground with their spears.
Black Hawk was 35 years old when the
first American appeared. The Americans
had taken possession of the country about
St. Louis. The news of this filled the
tribe with apprehension, for, as Black
Hawk naively says, "We had always had
accounts of the Americans who lived near
the Indians."
The tribes frequently visited St. Louis
to see a person in authority whom he calls
"our Spanish fa; her," w'.io always treated
them well and gave them provisions. As
this account is taken from Black Hawk's
narrative, it is not known who was the
" Spanish father " referred to. Subse
quently he refers to "our American father"
at St. Louis.
The possessions of the Sacs and Foxes
extended as far as Peoria, and thence to
strike Ouisconsin River eighty miles from
its mouth down the river to the Missis
sippi. They owned the whole of lowa.
Colonel Davenport, who was an English
trader with the Indians, says: "As near
ly as I could ascertain these tribes came
from Canada — from a region near Mou
treai." Ti ey were governed by two sets
of chiefs — civil and war chiefs. The civil
chiefs settled troubles between tribes.
Black Hawk and Keokuk were the promi
nent war chiefs.
Black Hawk was determined to stay in
his village notwithstanding all the land
bad been ceded to the Government of the
United States by the treaty of 1804. But
as the white people were coming in
great numbers, seeing the beauty and
desirableness of this land so fair and so
fertile, they were continually encroaching
upon the domain of the Indians. It will
be remembered that there was a clause
in the treaty which allowed the tribes
to remain in their homes as long as the
land was in the possession of the
Government; but as the white people
came they settled wherever they pleased,
plowing up the fields which the Indians
had planted and appropriating the land
to their own uses.
It was determined to move the Indians,
but BlacK Hawk, profoundly impressed
with the injustice of the whites, deter
mined to await the arrival of the soldiers,
which had been threatened, with tneir
"great war cief." Accordingly, when
this personage arrived, a great council
was held. BlacK Hawk and his chiefs lis
tened to the speech made by General
Gains, "the war chief," warning them
that they had been told to leave the coun
try and go west of the Mississippi. Biack
Hawk replied:
"We have never sold our country; we
have never received any annuities from
our American father, and we are deter
mined to hold on to our village." The
war chief exclaimed :
"Who is BlacK Hawk? Who is Black
Hawk?" He replied:
"I am a Sac! My forefather was a Sac!
All the nations call me a Sac! 1 ' This sav
age nobleman of the forest thought this
enough, but was told that the general
neither came to beg nor to hire them to
leave their village.
"I will remove you peaceably if I can.
forcibly if I must! I will give you two
days in which to remove," said the gen-
jCife in a jCiyht*
Jrouse by the Sea
Ttyrs, $ulia 'Wiiiiams and Jfcer jCt'fc Uate in
Santa Barbara
The lighthouse at Santa Barbara is a
disappointment when you first see it. You
are quite sure that it Fhouid.be Viry tall
ant dreary looking, an i that, the bleaic,
rough winds should tear about you an 1
that the broad ocean should look threat
ening und gloomy. But the air is soft
And warm, and the salt sea breeze quick
eral. The council broke up in confusion.
The daughter of an old chief was sent to
the fort to ask that her people could re
main long enough to gather their crops in
the fields, and another deputation was
sent with the same request, but it was de
nied. Then a steamboat was anchored
near them full of soldiers. The Indians
crossed the river in the night. To com
pensate them for their crops, corn was
promised them, which, however, was en
tirely inadequate to their wants. The
women and children lamented being de
prived of the vegetables and in the night
a party went across the river to secure
vegetables from the fields which they had
planted. The whites had no regard for a
flag of truce, frequently shooting down the
bearer.
The war which terminated with the bat
tle of Bad Ax, in 1832, was then at an
end, after a great, reduction of the war
riors of Black Hawk's band. The Ameri
can forces were in command of General
Scott.
It has been said that Black Hawk's nar
rative is somewhat apocryphal, but I
think it is in the main true. It is a very
sad >tory. Antoine Le Claire, to whom it
was dictated, was a respectable citizen of
D.ivenport, held in equal esteem by whites
and Indians. In bis affidavit appended to
the narrative, he says:
"In accordance with Black Hawk's re
quest 1 acted as his interpreter. I was
particularly cautious to understand the
narrative throughout, and have no hesi
tation in pronouncing it true in every par
ticular."
Black Hawk's dedication of the work to
his captor, General Atkinson, is pathetic,
and a translation is here given. He was a
prisoner at Jefferson barracks, and at the
time he was 67 years old. He says to Gen
eral Atkinsoii :
"Sir! The changes of fortune have
made you my conqueror. The stor> of my
life is intimately connected with a part of
the history of your own. I have, there
fore, dedicated it to you. Before I bet out
on my journey to tJy) land of my fathers
I have determined to eive my motives and
reasons for my former hostilities to the
whites, and to vindicate my character
from misrepresentation. I am now an
obscure member of a nation that formerly
honored and respected my opinions. May
you never experience the humility that
the power of the American Government
has reduced me to is the wish of him who
in his native forests was once as proud
and bold as yourself. Black Hawk, tenth
moon, 1833."
This sketch is not a history of the war,
but more of a character ske'eh. That in
nate nobility and religious feeling of the
Sac as a nation is exemplified by an inci
dent wh eh occurred in 1841. It is told in
the souvenirs of the Prince de Joinvilie,
when he made the descent of the Mis
sissippi. The Territory of lowa, which
belonged to the Sacs and Foxes, was in
dispute between tlie whites and Indians
The Prince says in his book:
"A party of Indians came on board at
St. Louis. They were on their way to
Washington to lay tbeir grievances before
the President. They had the most reso
lute and impassive countenances and be
haved with the greatest dignity, never
showing any excitement, except when we
passed the confluence of the Mississippi
with the Missouri River. There was a
splendid sunt-et. The Indians assembled
in the stern of the boat and repeated a
kind of invocatory prayer. It was a per
fect picture. 1 '
The history of the wrongs inflicted on
the Indians of the Rock River country
is only a repetition of those inflicted on
the tribes eisewhere. It is the testimony
of thosa who have lived among them that
they are, w en in a state of nature, re
markably free from the vices usually at
tributed to savages.
ens the blood in your reins and your
heart feeis glad.
On the wayside as you journey toward
the beacon-tower the scarlet geranium?,
tosse;l by this brisk breeze, nod brightly
and seem to enjoy the sport. And the
fragrant white roses are shedding their
sweetest periume from the trellised arch
SANTA BARBARA LIGHTHOUSE.
over the pathway, and behind the build
ing preit waving green tree 3 are dense
with foliage.
The house is square and white, with
green blinds and carefully set curtains.
The door opens into a narrow hallway,
and you ascend the winding staircase up
into the tower. There you find a little
woman. She is frail and slightly bent,
and with very white hair.
"Thirty- two years at this one place!"
You pause in climbing the tiresome
stairs and you marvel while your breath
comes back. There is a smile on the
sweet, motherly face and the little
woman's eyes seem making fun of you.
Had she been first in the ascent she would
have reached the top floo,r more speedily.
Up in the round tower the wind is fiercer.
It howls quite dismally and the broad Pa
cific reflecting back the sunlight betrays
more clearly its underlying power of
treachery. To the accompaniment of the
faint roaringtf the breakers that is borne
up by the telltale breeze Mrs. Julia F.
Williams tells how for thirty-two years,
never missing a single day, she has been
TRANSFERRING PASSENGERS ON FLYING TRAINS.
constant to her trust. Her birthplace was
in Maine and she is> over 60 years old. The
greater portion of her life has been spent
in California, though, and she loves that
clime dearly.
"I go up the stairs in the early even
ing," he said, "and light the lamps. I
love to watch the beams flash out over the
waters. It is wonderful how bright it will
be on a stormy night when the clouds
almost seem to be resting on the crests of
those tossing waves.
"Then, acain, at midnight, always, I
come up again to see that all is well. It
is then that I love best to stand and watch
the sea. When it is calm and peaceful
under the light of the moon, or just the
stars, the silence and majesty of it is in
spiring. And when a storm is raging,
and a lonely ship is struggling along,
aided by my light, I fancy that it is like a
soul in the sea of life, buffeted but guided
by the light of the sea of Bethlehem !"
There is fascination in such a life in a
lighthouse by the sea
Jean Morris.
Chanyiny Uraim
at a 9/fiie a 9/finute
Jfcow 21/ ay !Passenyers 97? ay jivail of the
Ijhrouyh Sxpress
Even in this day of railroad wonders, i
with engines that can spurt at the rate of '
112 miles an hour, it seems a remarkable
idea that provides for passengers chang
ing cars on trains that run at the rate of
sixty miles an hour without the slightest i
relation of speed. It is just this that the 1
invention of Charles E. Dosser, a well
known Syracuse man, makes possible of
accomplishment. He has designed a
wonderful traveling railroad station in
the lorm of a car with a vestibuled bridge
at the side.
Mr. Dosser's business takes him about
the country a great deal. In fact, he
makes his home largely on railroad trains.
Slow time and long waits have often been
his lot, and it was in trying to endure
these discomforts of the traveler's life
that the remarkable plan he proposes to
have executed arose in his brain, if only
some invention could be conceived by
which unfortunate passengers who long
for an express train but are fated to miss
it because they were at way stations could
gain their objer-t humanity would be ben
efited.
Then came the thought as to liow a
change of cars could be effected without
delaying the express train; that is, a
change from the local to the limited.
After studying the subject for more than
a year, Mr. Dosser has just evolved an in
vention which he hopes to see tried. It
provides for a limited train, or an express
that is unlimited, that shall run through
from New YorK to Chicago, for example,
without making a single stop, traveling
steadily at the rate of sixty miles an hour.
To bring this about he would have aux
iliary trains, each of which should pick up
passengers along 100 miles of territory.
Every train would be scheduled to be at a
certain station at the time the express was
due. By an arrangement with the tele
graph operator at the station beyond
which the auxiliary train was waiting, the
conductor thereof would receive notice
from the telegraph operator about five
minutes before the express arrived.
Then the auxiliary would pull out on
the track next to the one used by the ex
press and proceed to make time. The
time that It would try to make would be
sixty miles an hour, which would not be
a difficult tasfe, because the engine of each
auxiliary train would be of the very best
class and capable ol making high speed.
By the time the express was near the
auxiliary train the latter would be making
close to the desired speed, and both engi
neers would regulate the time they were
making so as to run neck and neck. Now
comes the change of passengers.
The transfer-car of the auxiliary has on
its side a door which opens inward. Folded
close to the side of the car. just outside
this door, is what seems to be the ordin
ary accordion-like coupling of a vestibule
train. There is, however, this difference,
it has no platform on which the passen
gers are to walk. The vestibule counling
is not directly on a line with the bottom
of the door, but about a foot above it,
fastened to two powerful arms of steel
which move up and down.
The express train, that stops for nothing
but accidents, also has a transier-car in its
make-up. There is a door in the side of
this car, iust as in the transfer-car of the
auxiliary. Outside, too, is the same ac
cordion-like vestibule, but in addition,
outside the vestibule and fastened to the
side of the car, the lower end resting upon
a stout arrangement of steel, is what re
sembles the gangway of a big passenger
steamer, minus the railing.
Looking again at the transfer-car of the
auxiliary it will be noticed that just Delow
the door are two heavy sockets. A little
distance on each side of the door and be
low the threshold are two more sockets
and on the transfer-car of the express is a
similar !irrangem o nt. Presently, when
the cars are running even and even, the
utility of, the invention is displayed.
From apertures in the side of each of the
transfer-cars steel I>.t-- appear — that is a
steel bar erne ges from the right socket of
the express-car and from the left socket of
the auxiliary. These bars are pushed at
an angle, fiat wise, so that when fitted in
tlie sockets on the two curs they are in
the form of the letter X and form most sub
stantial basis for a bridge. This done the
bridge is lowered from the express trans
fer-car until its outer edge fits firmly into
the socket just below the threshold of the
door of the auxiliary car. Then the vesti
bule coupling shoots out from each side
directly over the bridge and fits down
firmly upon it.
This is done in far less time than it takes
to relate the method of the invention and
njow the tranter of passengers from the
auxiliary to the express occurs. Both
trains are running at sixty miles an hour
all this while and the passengers walk
across from the auxiliary to the express
just as easily and comfortably as if they
were passing from one car to another in a
vestibule train.
The transfer complete, it is an easy
matter to replace the apparatus a3 it was
before the transfer took place.
Another necessary proceeding which
Mr. Dosser's invention provides for is the
transfer of baggage, and this takes place
in a similar manner to the transfer of pas
sengers. The vestibule is not quite so
elegant, but it is constructed from the
standpoint of strength rather than ap
pearance. The baggage is wheeled from
one train to another in the same manner
as it is liustled about a railroad station,
and as the time for the transfer of passen
gers and baggage is limited in each case
to ten minutes there is no time to waste.
The equipment of the trains under these
circumstances must be the very best, and
it will be an absolute necessity that the
roadbed be almost faultless, for any un
usual variation in motion or an ugly
jump woud be apt to have a bad effect on
the trains and result in disaster.
The feat of running a train -9CO miles
without a change of engine has rarely if
ever been accomplished. Add to this the
fact that no stoppage is to be made lor
either coal or water, and it can readily be
seen that Mr. Dosser's invention verges on
the marvelous. He proposes to have an
engine built with a tender that is like
nothing ever constructed of its sort in the
matter of size. Of course the fact that
there would be no stop and hardly any
slackening of speed would, in a measure,
reduce the usual consumption of coal by
the locomotives that are ordinarily re
quired to pull a train the distance men
tioned. It is proposed, however, that this
new tender shall be of sufficient size and
capacity to contain all the coal necessary
for the mammoth run. Water will be
taken from tanks beside the track stretch
ing aiong some distance, after the fashion
of the Pennsylvania fast trains.
This train that Mr. Dosser proposes to
have all records distanced by will of
necessity have improvements that genius
has still to conceive. For instance, the
engine must have especially constructed
journals on which provision is made to
avoid heating. Mr. Dosser proposes that
they shall be heavier and provided with
automatic oil cups, from which is to flow
a steady supply of oil. By a system of
pipes it is proposed to have these oil cups
constantly replenished from the cab of
the engine, an ordinary stop cork regula
ting the flow.
Mr, Dosser is very enthusiastic over his
invention, and believes there is no doubt
of its success if it is given a fair trial.
2526
B^E fi^y ■^^bfbfQ
f^f^TjiF course all clubs have some object
1"wIk * n view < po we must K et "Rht to
|«^^ work, fol owing our motto. Always
for the true, the right, the noble.
We don't work for a badge, nor a medal,
nor any visible reward. We work just be
cause it's right to do that which helps
somebody, or helps in some place, and
then you know we have such a sweet feel
ing'inside.
Now, there's a dear little boy who lives
in a lighthouse, and he has written us a
letter, which is published to-day.
Yon must read it, and thinK, perhaps,
pome time your own dear napa might be
oat on the stormy deep and be saved by
the light from this little boy's papa's lamp.
Next weeK when your letters reach me,
remember I'll be so disappointed if you
fail to be able to state that you have sent
a Christmas letter to tbe sweet little boy
who dwells in that wave-beaten house by
our northern seas.
Patf<"ot<> 2>a^j.
I. Destruction of tea in Boston harbor, De
cember 16, 1773.
11. (a) Whittier was born December 17, 1807.
(6) Used his peu for the cause of Jreidom.
111. Plymouth colony founded December
22, 1690.
IV. Birthday of the Prince of Peace.
JlW* °J tire jDtflc.
Afraid of the dark! Ah! never, I know!
For 'tis there that the fairies will whisper it
low ;
A tale of their lovely green mossy retreat,
Where to dance in the twilight together they
meet.
Where the will-o'-wisp comes with his pretty
bright light
To illumine the dance in the long, starry
night.
In the dark and the silence, when no one is
near.
The fairies wili whisper, then listen, and hear!
They'll tell where the wind hides on calm,
summer days,
And where the bees rest from their long hon
eyed ways.
Ah! yes; where stars keep their watch in the
suies.
They'll tell you their secrets, my pretty blue
eyes.
ho prob!ems of living, no long, troubled
nights,
But only to dream of the childish delights,
And only to hearken while fairies unfold
Their sweet sylvan secrets that never grow old.
Then afraid of the dark you never need be.
For 'tis then that the fairies will whisper to
thee. Corine L. Bartlett.
t^f Gallant
y\ Jtemarxtic Story of the Days of
Qood Kir\g Arthur.
[concluded from last week.]
He ceased, and the father, bending over
him, piaced his hands upon hi* head and
bade him depart, as his valor dictated to
him. So, before long, Tristram had
mounted a powerful steed and, accompa
nied by his tutor, had departed to Corn
wall. There he found the King despond
. ent and the whole court wrapped in
gloom, for they all feared that no knight
would appear to defend them and that the
tribute would have to be paid.
FOLLOW THE LEADER.
Tristram, seeing the state of affairs
approached the King and said :
"Sire, it ia most disgraceful tbat no
champion fcnisht has appeared to protect
Cornwall from shame. I am but an un
tried youth, yet, if you will grant me the
honor of knighthood, I shall meet this
Marhaus and battle for you and for the
right of the land."
The Kine looked at the youth and when
he saw the fire of battle glow in his eves
his heart was somewhat lightened of its
burden:
"Who are you?" be said, "and whence?"
"My name is Tristram and I came from
the court of Meliodas, who wedded your
; sister."
"But how shall I know you?" again the
King asked.
"Sire," the boy replied andthere was re
buke in his tone, "I was born in the coun
try of Lyonesse, and I am a gentleman
born."
"'Twas well answered," the king re
plied, "and it is not meet that I should
press you to speak more. If you will do
battle for me I will mafce you a knipht!"
"For that have I journeyed hither,"
Tristram said.
Tne King then sent word to Marhaus
that he had a champion, and when the
message reached him the young prince
I had already been kniehted.
To the chagrin of King Mark, who knew
not the royal birth of Tristram, he re
ceived this message from Marhaus:
"Think not I will hght with any knight.
My opponent must be of royal blood, the
son of a King or Queen, Prince or Princess.
With none other will I draw spear!"
Calling' Tristram before him the King
told him this, adding sorrowfully:
"This will debar yon from the contest,
and again I am without a chamt>ion."
"Tell Sir Marhaua," said Tristram,
"that ne shall joust with one better than
himself. For I am of both King and
Qjeen the child. Know, sire, that Melio
das is my father, and Elizabeth, your
sister, was my mother."
Then the king stepped down from his
throne ana took in his arms the son of his
sister, the brave and daring Sir Tristram,
who till this moment had hidden his high
lineage.
"Welcome, my nob'.e nephew," the King
cried in joy. "It is meet that kin should
stand by kin, and now Sir Marhaus has a
noble knight with whom to contend."
Immediately word was sent to Marhaus
that the son of King Meiiodas and nephew
to Kine Mark would be his opponent, and
answer was soon made that Sir ilarhau3
would be most blithe and glad to do battle
with so noble a champion.
According to the request of Marhaus,
the battle was to take place on an island
near which his ships were anchored. In
the morning, therefore, Tristram, clothed
in the richest materials that King Mark's
court afforded, was escorted with his horse
to a vessel and soon reached the island, on
the farther shore of which ne beheld the
ships of Marhaus. Accompanied by Gou
vernail, whom he had made his squire,
Tristram landed and was armed, and
when he had mounted his steed he said to
Gouvernail:
"Enter the ship and return to my uncle.
Tell him if I die honorably to give me
noble Christian burial. If I bear myself
ignobly, then let me not be so honored.
And on your life, come not near the island
till I am slain in fight or show the banner
of victory. Farewell!"
So resolutely did the Prince speak that,
much as he wished to remain near h m,
Gouvernail did not dare disobey him, but
departed and did all as he said.
The two knights then approached and
much courteous conversation passed be
tween them.
"I trust to win renown and honor, most
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
I 111 IjIJLP BJ» </•
noble Sir Marhaus, in this conflict with
you, and moreover I hope to free Cornwall
forever from the tribute to Ireland. To
this end 1 shall do my best in all honor
and valor."
" 'Tis well spoken, fair knight, and I
honor your spirit. But you will lose no
honor by standing well from me. For
King Arthur made me not a knight of his
Table Round for nothing."
"Think not I fear you. And if I show
thfi white featner in this encounter, then
may I never bear weapons again."
So saying Tristram drew bark, and both
knights tot k their places.
At the signal they rushed at each other,
their spears at rest, and vyith such force
did they come together that both were
unseated and fell heavily to earth. But
Tristram received a wound in the side
that bled profusely.
On foot they then fought; striking and
foiling; thrusting and sparring; rushing
together with furious force and drawing
back with heedful watchfulness; while
sword clashing on armor sounded like the
ringing of the anvil.
Four hours the conflict lasted and Mar
haus became faint and winded, but Tris
tram felt strong as ever. Then raising h.s
sword he put all his force into his right
arm, and striking down, smote Sir Mar
haus on the helmet; through the helmet
and head.till tho sword remained fast in
the skull. With all his might he tried to
draw it out, but tbe edge remained, and
Marhaus dropped on his knees. In a
moment, however, he was up, and throw
ing down his sword and shield fled to the
ship groaning, and they sailed away, while
Tristram called after him:
"How now, Sir Knigiit of the Table
Round! Why do you flee? Ratuer would
I be cut into a thousand pieces than fly
rom my enemy. Your shield and sword
I shall keep and shall wear them in the
presence of King Arthur and the Round
Table to show them that Marhaus has
fallen and that Cornwall is not a land of
cravens!"
Then in exhaustion he fell down, and
his squire found him so and carried him
to the castle, where for a month ha lay ill
of his wounds.
Then it was found that he was poisoned
by the blade of Marhaus' weapon, and a
wise woman said that only in the land
from which the poison came could he be
cured.
So Tristram went to Ireland, and under
the name of Tramtrist was received by
King Anguish himself, who, hearing his
exquisite music on the harp, wished to
keep him by him. So Tristram was cured
by the fiir Isolde, the daughter of King
Anguish. And they knew not that it was
he that had slain Marbans. For the knight
died after reaching the shore, and the
Queen saved the blade from his head that
she might avenge her brother's death.
But she knew not that Tristram was the
man. And so he dwelt with them, and
played upon the harp, and taught the
fair Isolde to play too. And so the sum
mer days passed by and both were happy.
6r\ tijcß^ at <|)*r\h
6voz.
Sea-verbenas ope their eyes
Gazing on the lar blue skies,
Cloud-flecked, bending over all.
Vines are clainbeiingdown the wall
While the censeless-pulsing tide •
Strives in vain to reach its side;
And the flap of sea-gull wings
Join with ocean's murmuringg. H.
<J>/r c( V RojfaA l^\of/^f.
JtaW JWo Little Qirls Stopped the
Legislature.
A TRUE STORY.
By Bertha Wollhnbero, 12 Years.
It was a day early in June, but the heat
was so intense that the flowers nodded
w< arily on their stems, and the songs of
the dear little wood birds were hushed.
We were living on a farm about two
miles from Phoenix, Ariz.
Any one who has ever visited that part
of the country during the summer months
knows how very warm it is, and this day
seemed to be the very hottest of the sea
son.
It was vacation, and Kalie, a friend of
mine, was spending hers with me.
Well, we had made oar plans to visit
another friend this day who lived in the
outskirts of Phoenix.
We had written to her of our intended
visit, and could not disappoint her, al
though we gladly would have postponed
our trip until cooler weather; and, besides,
all of our horses were to be used by a
party who were going on a hunting ex
pedition. Fortunately I owned a little
donkey, so we determined that we both
should ride him.
When all was ready off we started, in
gay spirits, each carrying a basket con
taining a little In nch.
We jogged along for about a mile, chat
ting and singing and full of life. Suddenly
I felt the saddle slip, slip, from side to
side and exclaimed, "Oh, Katie, what shall
we do? Our saddle is loose!"
As she was a city girl she Knew nothing
about tightening it, and as I had been a
countryu ntry girl only a short time I was as
ignorant as she.
"What shall we do?" asked Katie.
"Well, I'm hungry, aren't you?" "Yes."
"Suppose we eat our lunch then, and think
while we eat," was my reply.
Both jumped down, and leading our
little donkey to a tree, we soon had him
secured, although there was not much
danger of his running away.
Seating ourselves under another tree,
we went to work at our luncheon, which
tasted fine, and then each took a trial at
tightening the saddle, but with very poor
success.
We concluded finally that one of us
might safely ride, so off we started, one
taking a turn at trudging through the
dust in the heat, while the other rode.
Finally we came tD a large building, in
which there were many windows.
Mounted on the donkey, I was just high
enough to peep through one of the win
dows, and saw a roomful of men. In
front of them one stood reading, while all
the others listened with grave faces.
"Katie," I said (very polite to my com
pany, wasn't I?), "suppose you go in
there and ask one of those men to come
out and tighten our saddle, while I wait
here."
She took my advice and soon returned,
leading by the hand a very fine-looking
gentleman, whose face was beaming with
smiles. He solemnly tightened the girth
and helped us to mount. We thanked
him and went on our way.
We arrived at Susie* safe and sound,
and were warmly welcomed.
While eating the lovely dinner which
Susie's kind mother set before us we re
lated the story of our loosened saddle
and how we had sought and found help.
We were very much surprised and per
plexed when Susie's folks received our
story with shouts of laughter which we
thought ivould never come to an end.
Finally when the merriment had some
what subsided I asked to be told the jone.
"Do you know, my dear," said Susie's
father, "that you two little girls actually
stopped the Legislature in order that your
saddle girth might be tightened?"
"One of the gravest and most learned
of our law-makers hailed me on the street
a few moments before dinner-time to te!l
me how a little dusty girl with perspira
tion streaming over her face had boldly
walked into their great hall this morning
and asked him to please come out and
fasten her donkey's saddle, and how all
law-making stopped until he returned.
The legislators thought U aline joke and
had a good laugh, bat I had no idea that
you were the girls. Ha! ha! ha!"
We were forced to laugh ourselves, and
felt a little abashed And a little proud of
the fact that we had been the means of
stopping for a short time the work of one
Legislature.
Why ..fyilttj >W
Do you children know why the rabbits
have such long ears? The North country
people tell their little ones this story of it:
All the rabbits were very sad because
they were so small, so one day they met
together to see what could be done to
remedy the trouble. They thought of
many plans, and at last decided to send
Uncle Jack, the biggest and wisest of them
all, to the Father of Beasts to ask him to
make them larger.
The father said, ''I shall do as you wish,
but first I shall give you a task to per
form. Go and bring to me a red snake, a
swarm of wasps and a pint of tear?."
Then he gave to Uncle Jack three cala
bashes and sent him away— a calabash,
you know, is a bottle made of a dried
gourd. Uncle Jack wondered how he was
to find all these things, but he started
bravely on his journey.
At last he came to a wood where there
were many snakes. He walsed slowly
along saying, as if to himself, "I bet there
is room for him— l bet there is room for
him." A red snake heard him and asked
what his words meant Uncle Rabbit re
plied: "The wasps say there is not room
for you in this calabash, and I bet you can
get in." "You will soon see who is right,"
paid the snake, and he crawled quickly in.
Then Uncle Rabbit popped in the stopper
and Mr. Red Snake was caught.
Then he went on, saying as before, '*!
bet there is room for them all — I bet there
is room for them all." The wasps heard
him and asked: "What do you mean by
those words?' "The snake says there is
not room for all of you in this calabash,
and I bet you can all get in," replied
Uucle Rabbit.
"We will soon see who is right about
that," said the wasps, and they tumbled
over each other in their haste to show
that the snake was wrong.
Then Uncle Rabbit popped the stopper
in the neck of that calabash and the wasps
were caught. Uncle Jack now resumed
his travels. Every one he met seemed to
be very merry, but he began after a while
to despair of ever filling the third cala
bash. One day he came to a pretty little
village in the center of whose public
square was a well. He drew near this
well; he began in a loud voice to cry and
lament. The women who had come to
draw water heard his cries and asked:
"Why do you cry so and lament?"
"Oh," said he, "why should I not cry
anci lament? To-morrow the world will
come to an end and we shall all perish."
This made the women cry also, and they
shed such quantities of tears that he had
his last calabash filled in no time. Then
he slung his three calabashes over his
shoulder and hurried back to the Father
of Beasts. When the father saw the red
snake and the swarm of wasps and the
bottle of tears he smiled and said, "You
are more cunning than any other beast of
the fields and do not need to be taken, but
as you wish it so much I shall at least
make your ears longer." So he pulled
Uncle Rabbit's ears, and ever since rab
bits' ears have been as long as you now see
them. Aunt Harriet.
*
Grandpa Griffin lived in the city, and
Tom and Luella were always delighted
when he came to the country to make
them a visit. He always brought some
thing that pleased them. Once it was a
beautiful doll for Lnella and a ball for
Tom. Another time Tom got a velocipede
and Luella a carriage for her doll. This
time it was only a pound of nice, fresh
candy, to be divided between the two chil
dren. In passing through the hall
grandpa laid the package on the lower
step of the stairway.
The little folks began to think that
grandpa had forgotten them this time,
when ha suddenly thought of the candy
and told them where to find it. They ran
quickly into the hall and there was Muff
on the step where grandpa had left the
candy. The box was torn open and only
two tiny pieces of candy were in it. Muff
had his paw on the broken box.
When he saw the children he wagged
his tail playfully, aud seemed to say that
he had enjoyed the candy very much. He
did not know that he bad robbed Tom
and Luella of grandpa's present. They
knew that Muff had a sweet tooth, but who
would have thought that even a big dog
could eat a whole pound of candy ?—Sun
beams, New York.
iDo^^u j (s©i©)<"/yc.
I saw two little piggies
Just aching .'or a fight —
They seemed to be, at any rate.
And made h funny sight.
I lingered long to see the row —
I think it was a fake.
For the pigs they didn't do a thing
But stand apart and ache.
Ertyiebeqp.
Mr. Enthusiasm,
With coat-tails deep ns a chasm,
Hat a la Me? 'can band,
A collar I can't understand,
-•■ Supposedly bicycle rig,
Perked up like the veriest prig.
Santa Cruz. ■", Ite.
•
B*ly <|jWj.
Let every sound be dead-
Baby sleeps.
The Emperor softly tread-
Baby sleeps.
Let Mozart's music stop,
l>et FhldlaV chisel drop-
Baby sleeps.
Demosthenes be dumb.
Our tyrant's hoar has come —
Baby sleeps.
— ♦
»o L*o£ir<'n.£ Hatter.
Kind old gentieman (to small boy cry
ing on the step)— What is the matter, little
boy?
Small boy — I — p-pop is putting down
c-c-arpet.
"And does that unpleasant task of your
father make you so sorry, then?"
"N-n-no; pop p-p-pounded his thumb!"
"Ah! Sympathy for your father's pain.
Is that what makes you weep?"
"N-n-no 1 1 1-1 -laughed."— Christian Ad
vocate.
Betty lives in a flat. The other day the
family downstairs indulged in an old
fashioned "boiled dinner," and its ttnsav
ory odors speedily made themselves
known in Betty's house. She ran to her
mother with a very disgusted little face.
•'Oh, mamma," she cried, "that smell
doesn't taste nice."
'SSIIbteTTER
Grass Valley, Cal., Dec. 3, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have only seen one letter
from Grasß Valley I thought I would write. I
am 11 years old and have a canary bird
and a kitten for my pets. 1 enjoy reading the
children's page in The Call very much and I
am always glad when Sunday comes. I must
close now. Your little reader, Helens May.
San Lxjis Orispo, Dec. 3, 1896.
Dear Editreis: As I have never seen any let
ter irom here I thought I would write to you.
This is also my first letter to any paper. Ido
not go to school as yet, for my papa works on
the railroad and when school opened last fall
we did not know if we would live here very
long or not, so mamma thought it best to keep
me at home until soring. In May 1 shall be 7
years old. I have a little sister who will be 5
years old the 9th of next September. Hoping
my letter will not reach the waste basket I
will close, and ii this 1b printed I'll tell you
§aA\io'r (D^v(rtTnar ?sMt\s.
Smoking pudding, trimmed with holly,
Enough to make poor Sambo jolly ;
He thinks of the plums that hide within,
And shows his teeth with a lively grin.
some other time of our pets and flowers. Your
new friend, « Chester Gcdden.
San Luis .Obispo, Cal.
Santa Cruz, Cal., Dec. 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I am very much pleased with the
"Childnood's Realm," and I have got most of
the answers to the puzzles right every week.
lam 10 years old. I have seen only a very
few letters from Santa Cruz.
I hope my letter will appear .in next Sun
day's Call. I should like to belong to the C.
R. C. ; Your reader, Robert Lincoln.
. Santa Rosa, Dec 10.
Dear Editor: We always have taken a great
Interest in the children's page, but we never
sent a letter in before. We saw.the picture of
the little children in the hospital in last Sun
day's Call. .We had a show and • with the
money we raised bought paper dolls and tissue
paper to dress them with. We are going to
send them for some of the children in tho
hospital. We are going to send some Christ
mas cards with the dolls. We had a little
club. The girls in the show were Irma Wood
: ward, Marlon Geary, lilsa Nye, Bernice le Gro,
Mamie de Lapp and Ollta Gates. Last summer
most of us went away for a vacation, but about ■
a week ago we started in to finish dressing the
dolls for Christmas. We hope the children
will enjoy them. Here is a ticket for you:
• • • '
• lEMA Woodward-Marion GkabYj :
• ;
: Managers. .
: 1074 Fourth Street. Show sc. . :
• Santa Rosa, Cal. :
Now we must close. From your little friends,
Marion Geart and Irma Woodward. -
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. 6,1896.
Dear Editor: lam living in this City to go
to the Sacred Heart College. Papa and
mamma live in Temescal, Oakland. I don't
like it here, and go home every chance I get.
My singing-teacher is Miss Black. I wish to
be a singer ; and ■go to Europe. 1 wonder
what Santa Clans is going to give me this
Xmas. He brought me in a basket, just eight
years ago last St. Jerome's day, so mamma
always calls me Santa Claus' Jerry. . The fam
ily at Temescal will jump to San Francisco if
this letter is published and Til wear a broad
grin next Sunday. ■ ' ; Jerry B. Hanmgan.
Antioch, Contra Costa County, Cnl:,)
December 5, 1896. |
Dear Editor: This is. my first letter to The
Call. I have been reading it ' and like it very
much. I have one little sister, 6 years old.
I am staying with my grandma. 1 I am glad
McKinley is elected. I close, f or ; do not wish
to take up too much space. Hoping to see my
letter in next week's paper, -I. remain, yours
truly, lolanihe E. Nuthall, 9 years old.
Trinidad, Dec. 2, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little boy 8 years old.
My papa has taken The Call for thirty years.
I live at a lighthouse and every night my
papa has to light tbe big lamp in the tower
and put it out in the morning at sunrise. In
tbe winter the big waves dash against the
rocks and make a loud noise. I build little
boats and take them down on the beach and
send them out on the ocean. Sometimes Igo
to pick moss and hunt for agates. I would like
to be in San Francisco now and see all the
pretty toys in the windows for Christmas. I
hope you will put my letter in the Sunday
Call. Yours truly,
Clinton E. Harrington.
Comstock, Cal., Dec. 4, 1896.
Dear Editor: We are two little girls who live
in the country. As we did not have anything
else to do we thought we would send you some
puzzles. Our school closed last Friday for a
long winter vacation. We took part in the
closing exercises, which were very good. Our
teacher's name is Miss Boyns, and we all love
her dearly. Every place we go up here we
have to ride on horses, for it ir, all up and
down hill. We get to be pretty good riders
with so much practice. Your little friends,
Laura and Florence Green,
Aged 10 and 9 years.
Calistoga, Cal., Dec. 6, 1896.
Dear Editor: Will you please publish the
following verse, which I have made up as a
play on "little":
Once a little cat, who lived in a little house,
Went out for a little walk and caught a little
mouse;
But this little cat so enjoyed a, little fun,
That one let the little mouse have a little run;
But this little mouse had gone but a little way
When the little cat, who enjoyed a little play,
Caught the little mouse again and gave him a
little throw;
While the little mother cat exclaimed, "Ah, I
told you so,"
As the little mouso went through the little
door,
"Now your dainty little mouse has gone to
come no more."
M. Eva Navonk (C. R. c.)
San Francisco, November 30, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to 'iHE
Call. My papa has taken your paper for niue
years. I like the children's page very much
and try to read the stories. 1 go to the West
End School. 1 am In the high second grade,
Mi«s McCarthy's class. lam 7 years old, and
1 love to go to school. Yours truly,
5230 Mission street. Eophie Fasslkr.
San Francisco, Dec. 7, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am 7 years old. This is my
first letter and I would like to see it in Sun
day's Call. I think I will close now. Good
by. Your little friend, Adelk Mecchi.
Alliance, Cal., Dec. 6.
Dear Editor : This is my first letter to The
Call. I like to read the children's page very
much. I live in a dairy country, about two
miles from Arcata. I often go to the creamery
tor a ride. My uncle takes The Call. lam 8
years old and in the third reader. I love my
teacher very dearly. Two passenger trains
and a logging train pass our house every day.
If thin letter escapes the wastebasket I shall
write again. Your new friend,
Leslie Neft.
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. 6, 1896.
Dear Editor : This is my first letter to you, but
in probability not the last. I attend the Den
man School. I shall at some later time write
a poem to get published, as I am eager to be
long to your club. I have always enjoyed
reading Childhood's Realm and it will be
more enjoyed by me if my name appears In it.
Your reader, ' Grace Marvin.
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 4, 1896.
Dear Editor : I have a brother and sister.
My papa is a captain.
My mamma and papa read Thr Call. I
shall close for to-day. Your new friend,
Walter Fkrf.m, 7 years old.
PUZZLES
CURTAILING.
I. I am lustrous; behead me, and I become
attentive. .
11. I am a good bargain; behead me, and I'm
a pile. . . B^SIS
111. I am weapons of war; behead me, and
I'm the expression of thought?.
Alice Bell (C. R. C.)
IV. I am composed of two parts:
My lis bright. -.:
My 2 Is bright,
My whole is bright.
I contain, first, a name applied to a sailor;
second, the home of a wild animal; third, a
means of ascent; fourth, good; fifth, height;
sixth, a liquid' measure; seventh, a narrow
open ■ William Sea Jr. (C. R. c.)
V. What word of four letters from, which
you may take 2 and have 4 left? take 3 and
have 5 left? Gretta Clot (C. R. C.)
VI. Word square.
' I.— A girl's name.
2.— An open surface.
3. — To raise or bring up. '
4.— A linear measure.
VII. Anagrams. Definitions.
A cone. A large body of water.
VIII. A nice pet. Something needed in time
of trouble. Evelina Cordan (C. R. C).
IX. One- tenth of Providence.
One-eighth of Richmond.
One-seventh of Trenton.
: One-tenth of Sacramento.
One-sixth of Denver.
- One-tenth of Harrisburg. ,
One-fifth of Mexico.
Whole Is a capital city in > the United 3tates.
Conundrum by John Wasbovs (C. R. C).
X. What is that which has four eyes and
still cannot see?
Conundrum by L. and F. Green (C. R. CO
-'■■.-;■■ — —4 .
-^Irirv/eVy Joy
I. Ella Hartnell.
11. Water.
111. (a) Soldier.
(6) Crystal.
(c) Neighbor (misprint).
IV. Mat-ryo-money. Matrimony.
V. A C ID
CEDE
IDEA
DEAD
VI. Salem.
VII. (a) Ostrich,
(ft) Kite.
VIII. Because it's D parted (departed).
IX. SA on Man. "Essay on Man."
■ ♦
The following members of C. R. C. hay« sent
in answers to puzzles published December 6:
Ida Wlghtman, Ella P. Hartnell, Eva M.
Bolger and Ethel McClure.
For November 29— Delayed, Theodore Joos.
Answers also received for November 22
from Bessie Orchard.
For December C— From Marion R. Hart. John
L. Wasboys, Queenie French, Josephine Ras
piller, Beckie Heino. Patricia V. ana Carmelita
de Ferri and Irene A. Moore.
' — - — ♦
lictteyy JLfc^Xtbfcb
Besides letters publifhed pleasant communi
cations have also been received from the»
youug people whose names follow:
Maude McAfee, Beckie Heino, Mamie Nolle W
Katie Hatch. Queenio French, Marion Har/
M. Clare Strattou, Clara Orchard, Antoinette
Crawford (C. R, Cj, Tillio Dittmann, Eva Ball
Esther Indig, Irene A. Moore, The. Joos re R*
C), Charles Anderson, E. Scharzman Ethel
Ferguson, Bessie Orchard, Mamie Peterson
Clemence Barron, Tina Bidekoff p » n d Cda
Ferri Henry A. C. Liske. One letter from!
dear little girl who lorgot to sign her nanu.Silver Spoons Thrust
In Hapless Babies' .Mouths
The Most Remarkable Mart in the World
Babies Purchased for Ghristmas
presents in London
William T. Stead, reformer, agitator
and philanthropist, has just furnished the
world a new scr ation by establishing in
London a baby market. So novel is the
idea that the big, conservative city has
gone into ccstacies over the plan sug
gested and the man whom it once
forced, because of his. charitable deeds,
into cue Old Bailey. Mr. Stead's latest
suggestion is that there is no better Christ
mas present than a pretty baby, and he
declares he knows there are many couples
who would be only too delighted to make
their family three instead of two if they
knew where to go to secure an acceptable
third.
The scene of Mr. Stead's baby market,
or, as some term it, baby exchange, is a
prettily furnished suite of apartments in
one of the eminently respectable portions
of the English metropolis. The object of
attempting this experiment wus. in a
nutshell, to create an institution that
would prove a medium for finding chil
dren for married couples entirely without
family but who felt the desire tp fill up
the blank in their hearts and homes by
adopting as their own some of the borne*
among the little ones.
In every large city there is a very great
number of children who have entered the
world under circumstances, that make
their retention by motheror father a mat
ter unpleasant and difficult. The children
are in every respect desirable, as a rule,
for, judging irom the qualities of their
progenitors, there is no reason why, if
iWaced in proper environment, they
should not become worthy men and
women. The principal trouble has been
for couples desirous of adopting children
to hnd some place where they could pur
sue their quest without danger of suffer
ing from deceit, or bitterly repenting a
hasty bargain when it was too late to
escape the consequences.
It is just exactly this want that the
baby market lilis. To the comfortably
furnished rooms where the babies who
may be adopted together with absolutely
c rrect information concerning them are
to be :ound many women, young and old,
charming and ugly, wend their way every
(Jay to see just what specimens of juvenile
beauty are candidates for home honors.
There are plenty of them, and like men,
of all sorts and conditions, except that in
every instance when they are placed on
view in the market they are absolutely
clean. Mr. Stead and his confreres hold
that cleanliness >s not only next to god
liness, but an absolute requisite prelimi
nary to adoption.
So the baby races shine under tbe
benignant influences of soap and water,
and if chubby hands undo the work of
the washing apparatus, why, the scrubbing
process is repeated. The picture that ac
companies this article graphically por
trays the scene that is daily witnessed in
the visitors' room of the baby market.
One cay's experience in this placa is a
wbola foiume in tde study of human na
ture. Women whose faces are snarled
with frowns and wrinkles change counte
nance entirely as soon as t^.ey catch a
plimpse of the healthful, lusty contents
of the visitors' room. Pretty women grow
prettier at the sights they see.
Of course, the babies are like all other
hnmanity, both bad and good. But the
well-treated, weli-fed and weil-washed
baby is not inclined to be ill natured, and
bo all look their prettiest and smile their
sweetest at the tender-hearted women
who come to view them on adoption bent.
The babies vary in age from six months
to three years, but the tenderer age pre
dominates. These are some of the entries
in ihe baby book, no names being given:
GIRLS.
22— Born m May, 1896, in London.
13 — Born in April, 1896. in Suntierland.
• 20— Born in April, 1896, at Brid^ton.
21— Born in April, 1896, in Yeovil.
24 — Born in June, ISHU, in London.
28— Born in July, 1896, in Bjrks.
29— Born in July, 1896, London.
30— Born in March, IB9t>, London, S. E.
31— Born in March, 1896, father suffering
from reverse in business.
35— Born in July. 1896, Scotland.
37— Born in SeptemDer, 1596, London;
father a widower.
EOY6.
7— Born in January, 1896, near London.
13— Born in January, 18%, in Banbury;
twins.
16— Born in February, 1896, Manchester.
18— Born in February, 1896. London.
20— Born in April, 1896, Burton-on-
Trent.
24— Born in April, 1896, London, N.
31— Born in February, 1896, Isle of
Wight.
'.'&— Born in April, 1898, London, W.
36— Born in July, 1896, Cheshire.
39— Born in July, 1896 Surrey.
43— Bora in August, 1896. London, S. W.
Tue numbers given witti the entries are
those by which the babies are known, as
th -y have no names. These poor young
sters start in life as guiltless of iJentity as
the convict in the Spanish prison Inferno
at Ceuta, tha: portion of Africa which is
given over to Hades.
Sometimes it happens that children" b£
yonti the customary age of those who
make up the bulk of the market's stock in
trade seek parents and hone for would-be
parents to ssek them. For instance, the
mother of two littlo boys, 8 and 5 years
old respectively, recently wrote to Mr.
Stead, asking him to find a home for her
children. The death of her husband had
left her almost destitute. These two little
fd.ows are grandsons of one of the best
known Judges of India.
As a rule, the antecedents of a child are
not revealed, owing to the fact that inno
cence would frequently be forced to suffer
for the guilt cf others. Such instances as
the one quote l are by no means rare, for
in England as in no other country it is
the case that cood blood and poverty often
dwell together.
While it is not always the case and per
haps not in the majority of instances that
a baby is sold as if it were an infantile
specimen of the pug dog, it is true that it
not infrequently happens that a mother
receives a cash consideration for parting
with her little one. Generally it occurs
that persons who are desirous of procuring
ready-made children are plentifully sup
• plied with this world's goods. Therefore
it is quite natural thai they should offer |
no objection to and generally preier giv
ing a reasonable compensation to the lorn
mother.
It sometimes happens, however, that the j
foster parents reverse this order of things, j
ai\d after selecting a desirable youngster, ]
inquire how much they are to be paid for
taking it. This class of persons are
frowned upon by Mr. Stead, and he has
just now formally notified them that their
presence at the baby market is not de
sired and will be promptly dispensed
with if avoidable in no other fashion.
The scenes at the baby market are like
unto those of a big nursery. Prettily
gowned and capped nurses exhibit their
charges to the persons who come to view,
and occasionally a sad-faced woman is
seen sitting in a chair in the visitors'
room, hoping for the opportunity that
will make her grief-stricken. Such a one
holds her baby as close to her as possible,
undergoing in her imagination the apony
of parting over and over again. Then
when the prospective foster-mother
finally appears the contrasting feelings
are almost pitiful. It is a mingling of
tears and smiles. The tears ot the mother
contrast with the smiles of the newcomer,
while the baby tries first one and tiien
the other emotion, unknowing whether
its mother's grief or the visitor's joy mean
the most to it.
There is only one other institution in
the world so far as known like unto that
which Mr. Stead has established. It is
not really a prototype after all. The same
principle, however, actuates both — that of
caring for little ones and providing them
with good homes. This second institu
tion is in the United States, and is pre
sided over by Dr. J. H. Kellogg at Battle
Creek, Mich., a town that is famous for
the lost health that is found there and re
turned to the owners.
This haven ol iest and hope for young
persons has no restriction, so far as age is
concerned, regarding tbe children it aids.
In the eyes of the institution the girl of
16 13 still a child and requires infinitely
more care in some ways than the tot of 6.
This institution is known as the Haskell
Home, but it is a home only temporarily,
as the children are placed with the per
sons desirous of adopting them as soon as
possible. The/cla3s of children that are
received by the home is indicated by the
following description of several home
se kers furnished by the officials:
No. 366 is a girl 10 years of age with
blue eyes and dark hair. She is said to
nave an amiable disposition and has had
good training. Her father is dead and
her mother having to work away from
Meteoric Iron and Diamond.
home all day the child is thus left alone.
The mothe- is anxious to have her placed
in a good Christian home where she will
havj proper care and trainin •. She is at
present living in Pennsylvania.
Nos. 276 and 377 are two little girls, aged
12 and 9 years respectively, with black
eyes and hair. The mother has tried to
keep the family together. But as she is
in very poor health she can no longer sup
port them. These children are said to be
easily controlled, and no doubt would
brighten and cheer some home. They are
now living in Nebraska.
Nos. 378 and 379 are two bright, father
less little boys, aged 6 and 3 vear3 respect
ively, living in Wisconsin. Their mother
is so situated that she cannot possibly
rare for them and support them, and is
anxious to have them placed in good
Christian homes. They have blue eyes and
light hair.
No. 380 is an orphan girl, 10 years of age,
living in Massachusetts. She has blue
eyes and brown hair and is large and
strong for her age. She has a very affec
tionate disposition, being very fond of
children and pet«. She has been living
with an elderly lady, who has cared for her
since her mother's death, but she is not
able to provide for her longer. No doubt
with a kind but firm hand to guide her
and the surroundings of a Christian home
she will crow up to be a useful woman.
No. 381 is a little girl nearly 6 years old,
living in Wis-cons-in. Her mother is dead
and her father has deserted her. Her
aunt, with whom she has been staying, is
not situated so that she can keep her
longer, ar.d thus she is in need of an im
mediate home. S c has blue eyes and
light hair, and is said to be bright and
well behaved. Is there not some home
that will open its doors and give this poor
child a mother's love and care?
The homeless baby is everywhere, and
so is the household where childish voices
are never heard. It seems a pity, the
humanitarians say. that the composite
pans of a delightful whole should be so
ofte"n separated. The baby market is
likely to become an American institution.
Diamonds ir\ Stars.
It was only recently discovered that the
most valued of all minerals, lhediamond,is
sometimes enshrined in the falling star.
The illustration is an enlarged picture of
a perfect i c'ahedral gem, minute but
brilliant and colorless, taken from a speci
men of the meteoric iron found in 1891
near Canyon Diablo, Arizona. Though as
early as 1846, and also in 1886 and ISB7
evidence of diamond formation was del
tected in meteorites, it was not until 1879,
and afterward in ISUI, that colorless grains
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
with adamantine properties were found,
and only in 1893 the diamond cutting
capacity of this white powder was satis
factorily tested by Oliver Whipple Hunt
ington, Ph.D.. of Harvard. As in the cut
ting and polishing of the meteoric iron of
Canyon Diablo hard particles were en
countered that destroyed several of the in
struments used, it was conjectured that the
diamond was one of the ingredients, and
on examining the cut section small black
diamonds were found, and one white gem
1-50 of an inch in diameter.
The Harvard mineralogist, having ob
tained specimens from the same locality,
dissolved the iron by the aid of a battery
The Last of tfye Famous Tribe of the Yukiahs
Sonoma County's Picturesque Indians Will HaVe Become
Extinct Before the Close of /inotker Qeneration
The Indians of Sonoma County form an
interesting and picturesque element of
life in the valley of the Ru-sian River.
All told they number at the present day
barely 300 sonls, the remnant of tbe once
powerful tribe of the Callagomanns,
which, at the tim^ of the Spanish occupa
tion, numbered 50,000 individuals. Dis
ease, exposure and change of habit hav.e
eliminated the once powerful people, and
it is hardly possible for them to exist for
another generation. In a few years the
tribe will become extinct.
The term "Digger," by which all the
tribes ol Northern California were <iistin
gui->hed, was app ied to them from their
habit of digging into the earth for food.
They were promiscuous in their choice of
eatables, and rabbits, snakes, earthworms
and snails were esteemed the most deli
cious elements wherewith to grace a feast.
Like their forefathers, the race in
Sonoma County is neither warlitce nor
enterprising. The country before the
arrival of tbe whites afforded ail that was
necessary to gratify their narrow wants
witbont labor upon their part. They
knew nothing of the chase and caught
their game by stratagem or snare, conse
quently they grew up an inconceivably
lazy and utterly worthless people, without
a conception of a future state and only
intent on the gratification oi degraded
appetites. When the whites possessed
the lands and covered them with droves
of cattle and sheep the Indians imagined
they had a right to appropriate what they
required, and did so until the stronger
race arose in their wrath and wiped out a
few hundred of them, more or less, when
the Hocks and herds were left in peace.
Around Hcpland the largest number of
this remnant live. In pity the church un
dertook the work of civilizing the few that
were left, and devoted missionaries have
passed their lives trying to instill into the
minds of these people hopes of better
things. Instruction has been given in ag
riculture, and the Indians have been en
couraged in habits of self-dependence and
industry. In a measure these efforts to
civilize have ben successful. They are
nearly all members of the church and re
gard thtir priest, with great veneration,
but their minds can only grasp the rudi
ments of the principles of Christianity.
In their chapel they are the most devout
of worshipers. The school where the
younger minds ure taught to develop ac
complishes something for their improve
in a solution of acid, and succeeded in
separating from the other meteoric constit
uents several small but perfect diamonds
and also a small quantity of dust resem
bling white beach sand, which was pre
served for a diamond-cutting experiment.
It is well Itnown that while several sub
stances cut ruby and sapphire among
natural mineral products only the dia
mond cuts the diamond, though a new
chemical combination called boron car
bide is now coming into use for the same
purpose. When a terrestrial diamond
was placed in position for being cut and
the revolving wheel was charged with the
supposed diamond dust a characteristic
STEAD'S UNIQUE BABY MARKET.
msnt, but it is difficult to arouse that am
bition without which any considerable
progress is impossible.
The females of the tribe are more tract
able than the men and more easily
taught. Some of them make notable
housewives and needlewomen.
They have been encouraged to build
homes of their own after the manner of
those of their white neighbors, and many
have done so, but there are those who are
so inert that they cannot be induced to
make any effort at improving themselves
or their estate. They adhere to customs
of their forefathers and live a3 their an
cestors did before the white man came to
disturb their dreams and make them work.
The little that the Indians raise from
their land is supplemented by the wages
they earn on the neighboring farms. Hop
picking is a favorite occupation of theirs,
and whole families engage in that task
when the time for gathering the crop ar
rives. As fruit-pickers they are also a
success, but in other branches of work,
where judgment or some intellectual ef
fort is required, they are a failure.
SONOMA COUNTY INDIANS' HUT.
Hissing sound soon announced that the
adamantine surface was yielding, and in a
few minutes the ground and polished face
proved that it had met its peer in the
white powder of the meteorite. This
skilled experimenter was of the opinion
that further analysis might even disclose
gems of size and value or give some clew
as to their formation, for which the past
career of the meteorite may have afforded
special facilities. Of the true origin of
both, however, much more must be known
before the shooting star is recognized as
diamond- bearing soil cast up from the
depths of some distant world.
Rose O'Hallobak.
They are a people fond of amusement,
and a circus occasions them unspeakable
delight. A procession of Indians bound
to a circus is a signt that would please a
cynic. The most dilapidated horses and
harness hitched to a cart of ancient
lineage and filled with a stoical group of
Ind.ans, old and young, is a spectacle
worth a long journey to see.
By heredity, the legacy of centuries of
shiftless ancestors, the Yuuiah Indians
FORMS OF SOUND WAVES,
are lazy. The trait is innate and part of
their being. Only the sternest necessity
will persuade them to depart from the
habit. Their ruling passion is for drink,
and for this they will part with the last
of their possessions. Their conception of
bliss begins and ends with the bottle and
potations innumerable. The law against
supplying tbe Indians with intoxicants
is severe, but is constantly evaded.
Charles Weidner of this City, who recently
made a visit to the tribe for artistic studies,
describes them as being on the whole a
people worthy of preservation, whose vir
tues are many and whose uncultured hos
pi.ality is conspicuously sincere.
Is a Shorthand System
For .Music a Possibility?
Some J^eW ar\d Startling propositions or\tke
Stenography of JMvjsic and the
Function of Hearing
Among the inquiries I have received J
from readers of The Call are two thai '
bear upon the same subject. One reader i
asks: "Is it possible to devise a system of '
shorthand for music so that one may be J
able to report an aria similar to the way
in which a speech is reported? ' The other
one asks: "Is the X ray applicable to
deafness. Can a deaf person be made to
hear by the application of the X ray?"
The human senses are few, and may be
said to consist of five only — sight, hear
ing, taste, smell and touch. Of them,
hearing is much theacutest. Taste, smell
and touch involve but the simplest of
natural phenomena. Sight is more com
plex, as it necessitates the adaptation of
the optic nerve to changes in distance and
color of the object. Hearing necessitates
a far greater power of discrimination. The
variety of sounds is infinite. In addition
to tone, in its fundamental character, are
also pitch, quality, intensity and har
mony. We hear a note of music, and un
less a study has been made ol the science
of harmonic sounds, we infer that the
word "musical note" expresses fully all
that there is to it. Such is far from the
fact. Each note is a composite of many
sounds. Probably a thousand composite
sounds are combined to form the single
note. Science has to some extent an
alyzed the so-called "note." Strike, say,
the note C upon tbe piano. It contains,
in addition to the fundamental tone C, tbe
C an octave above, the twelfth above, C
two octaves above, .he major third two
octaves above, the fifth two octaves above,
and so on ad infinitum. Every regular
musical tone is resolvable into a definite
number of simple tones whose relative
pitch follows the law of the partial tone
series. These extra tones are termed the
"harmonies, "and a tone without harmon
ies is destitute of penetrating qualities.
Each tone has -a definite rate of vibra
tion, and tone's vibration bears a
fired relationship to the vibration of the
fundamental note. So calling the vibra
tion of the fundamental note 1, tfie sec
ond note of the scale will have a rate of
vibration expressed by the fraction 9-8,
the minor third 8-5, the major third 54,
the fourth 4-3 the filth 3-2, the minor
sixth 8-5, the major sixth 5-3, the minor
seventh 16-9, the major seventh 15-8 and
the octave 2-L
In addition to the sound of the note it
sell there are accompanying shades of
quality, loudness, softness, force, timbre,
etc, all of which go to making the expres
sion of the note. The musical sten> graph
er would, therefore, require to be the pos
sessor of an extremely acute ear capable of
instantly distinguishing each separate
shade and color of every individual note.
He would require a separate symbol for
each, and as the compass of an ordinary
piano of seven and a quarter octaves em
braces eighty-eight notes the number of
symbols necessary to express these notes
would prove too many for practical use.
It is, however, extremely easy with suit
able apparatus to cause any sound to give
a visual expression of itself. If we adjust
a tuning fork having a small mirror fixed
to the extremity of one of its arms so that
a ray of light coming from a lamp shall be
projected from the mirror upon a screen
then it will be seen that as the fork
vibrates the reflected ray will have an
undulatory, wave-like motion, which will
be characteristic and distinct for the same
note. The accompanying illustration
shows some of these line?. It might be
possible by the employment of delicate
and complex mechanism to obtain in such
lines a record of a piece of music being
performed.
The action of toe phonograph is tbe
practical application of such principle.
The phonograph is not a very modern in
vention. There has been lying upon the
shelves of the Smithsonian Institution at
Washington, D. C, a queer-shaped instru
ment called a pbonautograph, the device
of M. Leon Scott. It has been there since
1855 and was known to numberless experi
menters long previous. It consists of a
wooden cylinder about a foot long and six
Inches thick, having an iron axle, one end
of which is cut with a coarse-thread screw,
and the other end having a crank
handle.
The screw end of the axle works in a fixed
nut, so that when the cylinder is turned
by its handle it has, in addition to its mo
tion of rotation, a motion of translation.
There is a large funnel mounted upon a
stand, the apex of the funnel being closed
by a piece of parchment to which is af
fixed a quill. The phonautograph is em
ployed for making sound visible. To op
erate it the cylinder is covered with a
piece of paper and then rotated over a
lamp burning turpentine, so that the cyl
inder receives a heavy coating of iamp
black. Then, tne funnel is placed in posi
tion so that the quill is resting against
the periphery of the soot-covered cylinder.
If now a note of music is sounded into the
large end of the funnel and the cylinder
be rotated, the vibration of the air in
the funnel wHI cause the quill to trace
upon the revolving cylinder a sinuous
line, typical of tbe note. To preserve the
record tlie cylinder is dipped into a solu
tion of shellac in alcohol, which fixes the
lampblack, and the paper may then be
removed.
This is the original of the present pho
nograph. It was simply necessary to
harden the tracing made by the quill in
the lampblack and then to reverse the
revolution of the cylinder while the quill
was pre- sing against it to reproduce the
no c originally sounded into the funnel.
Now,- while such a machine will faithfully
produce a mechanical expression of what
ever musical sounds may be confided to it,
yet it cannot be classed as a stenographic
recorder, in the sense of the word "steno
graphic" as applied to the art of recording
in shorthand. A reporter would find ex
treme difficulty in reporting stenograph
ically any musical composition. The dis
tance of the hearer from the source of
sound has a very important bearing upon
the sound as heard. If we take two tele
graphic sounders and by clockwork
arrange to break the electric circuit ten
times per second we shall hear the sounds
of the two instruments as one, provided
they are placed upon the table by which
we stand. But If one sounder be removed,
say twenty-five feet distant, then the
sounds they omit fail to coincide, owing
to the slowness with which soiled travels,
and in this position we shall hear twenty
strokes per second instead of ten. Re
move the sounder to a distance of 112
feet, and now the strokes are in unison,
ten per second. The pitch of a sound in
creases as the sound approaches us and
diminishes as it receeds. Leibnitz defines
music as "an occult exercise of the mind
unconsciously performing arithmetical
calculations."
In the basilar membrane of the human
ear are several thousand delicate fibers
each of which is set in sympathetic vibra
tion by a vibratory motion of a certain
RESONATORS.
definite period. These fibers are connected
with the constituent filaments of the au
ditory nerve, and by them tne simple pen
duiar motions which are singled out from
the complex vibratory motions, excited
by most sonorous bodies, are transmitted
to the brain, where they are translated
into the sensations we call sound. And
here begins the unsolvable mystery. We
are utterly ignorant of the nature of the
action of the brain in translating mechani
cal motion — vibration — into what appeals
to our senses as sound, light or heat.
Various devices have been produced for
the purpose of re-enforcing sound. They
are called resonators. Some of these are
so simple and produce such marvelous re
sults that I deemed it interesting to the
readers of The Call to make brief men
tion of them. They are simple trumpets.
One of them is constructed with a sliding
tube by means of which the length may be
increased. By putting the small end of the
tube of this resonator, known as Daugins',
to the ear and adjusting the slide, the
sounds of the waterfall will be resolved
into their elementary tones. The whist
ling of the wind, the rumbling of a car
riage over the street and the confused mur
mur of the city's multitude will be heard
with every variety of pitch and quality.
During the still hours of the night the at«
mosphere, quiescent as it seems, is always
more or less vocal, and with this instru
ment one may hear every sound.
By the use of the other resonator one
may hear a melody that does not exist by
means of an instrument that emits do
sound. When the apex of the instrument
is placed to the ear and the three holes
successively covered and uncovered the
length of the aerial column in the
resonator is changed, causing it to corre
spond with some notes in the confused
maze of very feeble sounds, which unceas
ngly keep the air in a state of greater or
less perturbation.
Where deafness is the result of a failure
of the auditory nerve or the destruction
of the whole or a portion of the baailar
membrane, I do not believe it possible to
restore the sense of hearing. Where such
membrane and nerve is intact, but
atrophied, it may be possib c by the intel
ligent use of the so-called X ray to assist
the sense of hearing. I say it may be.
We as yet know very little about the
qualities and power of the new-found ray.
I have repeatedly held, in previous papers
iv The Call, that light, heat, sound and
electricity were one and the same thing,
differing only in the rate of the primal
substance vibration. The subtle action
of the brain, which converts the sonorous
vibrations into recoenized 3ound, is, in
my belief, an electrical operation, and I
see no good reason why it will not be
possible to at least aid hearing by the use
of a refined current of electrical energy
so soon as we have learned how to prop
erly apply it. F. M. Close, D.Sc.
Professor J^arker at Bull J?ur\.
The late Profes-or Henry E. Parker of
Dartmouth College was chaplain of the
Second New Kami shire Volunteer Regi
ment in the War of the Rebellion. An in
cident of his service is thus described by a
correspondent of the Springfield (Mass)
Republican:
"In the midst of the wild rout and panic
at the first battie of Bull Run I was
stricken down with a grievous wound.
While the tide of fugitives swept past and
the victorious enemy bore down relent
lessly upon us, a few comrades struggled
10 bear me away to 3ome place of safety.
Wiih them was Chaplain Parker. He had
been mounted all through the oattle, and
to reach me he had ridden into a perfect
hailstorm of bullets. It seemed certain
death to one so conspicuously exposed,
but be came out unharmed, while those
around him went down or fled in dismay.
Among the innumerable acts of heroism
which I witnessed during the war, noth
ing so impressed me as the calm courage
with which this was d ne."
In certain towns of Germany the tele
phone is introduced by tobacconists as an
additional attraction to customers. Any
one who buys a clear mny, if ho desires,
speak over the tobacconist's instrument
to a subscriber to the telephone seme*.
2728
Managers say that good new plays are
not to be had for fame or money, and
after seeing "Captain Bob" I can quite be-
Jievw it. Nothing but an absolute dearth
of novelty could have induced Wilton
Lackaye to take hold of such an amateur
ish production as Robert Drouet's comely
drama.
Comedy drama is a very ambiguous
term ; it may mean anything, from scream
ing farce to melodrama "built round"
bombshells and ponderous machines,
threatening to crush out human life.
When you patronize a new comedy drama
you pay your money and take your
chances, very much as you do on buying a
lottery ticket. Those of us who took
chances in "Captain Bob" found it to be
a compromise between melodrama and
comedy. The hallowed old characters of
melodrama w?re there— the betray r and
the betrayed, the lachrymose father, the
ingenuous heroine, the faithful remincrs
and the flawless hero — but Robert Drouet
had made these characters more gay and
festive than authors generally do who use
them for melo'irarnatic purposes.
A large slice of the comedy in "Captain
Bob" centers round ths stealing of a
chicken by a gentleman who, like "Ma
Angeline," was "not colored" but was
"born that way." After slaying his prey
he withdraws to an old forge to devour it
in secret, but no sooner is the cooking of
his feast under way than Miss Donna, ac
companied by Captain Bob, appears on
the scene, »nd, scenting the succulent
odor of fried chicken, the fair girl declares
that she is ravenously hungry and must
have food. To oblige her Captain Bob
Impersonates the chicken's rhost and,
after a lengthy dialogue, succeeds in scar
ing off the gentleman of color, who leaves
ihe lovers to devour the remnants of the
least.
This episode is oniy one of several
which impress on the audience that the
bill of fare is meager in the household of
Miss Donna (tiie young lady does not
Beera to have a surname). After Captain
Bob has rescued from a watery grave the
melodramatic lady, whom the villain had
betrayed, he is discovered in Donna's
house, sitting by the fire, with a cup of
coffee at his elbow. The possession of this
coffee seems to weigh heaviir on his soui,
and one gathers that the reason is b 'cause
the melodramatic lady in the next room
is coffeeless. After stirring the precious
dainty, and, if I mistake not, sippini it,
Captain Bob makes a sudden heroic effort
at selt-renuncia.ion and hands the cup to
the comic "msramy," remarking: "Take
it to her, poor girl; she needs it more
than I do." This touching episode re
calls the conduct of Sir Philip Sidney at
the battle of Zutphen, when he snatched
t!;e only glass of water in the army from
his own parched lips and handed it to a
dying soldier, observing: "Thy need is
greater than mine." But was that the
only cup of coffee procurable in the Dor.na
household?
In spite of the clever interpretation
given it by the La^kaye company "Cap
tain Bob" drags its length along wearily
through two acts, and just as every one is
beginning to yawn and wonder whether
the last car has gon<> the pity suddenly
TJtills itself together for a good finish. I
cannot imagine how Robert Drouet. who
wrote th_« dreary monologues of the first
two acts, managed to conceive so much
action as he has put into the last act. Not
tbat the act is great, by any means, but it
has stirring scenes and sends the audience
on its way rejoicing. The real merit of
"Captain Bob," however, is in affording a
thoroughly sympathetic role 10 Wilton
Lackaye.
There is nothing but trood to record ol i
the curtain-raiser, "Moliere, 1 ' except that j
ii the father of Fetich comedy could come !
forth from his tomb and assist at a repre- j
sentation he would not reco.Miize his own
language "as she is spoke" by some mem
bers of the Lackaye Company; that cele
brated Moliere play, for instance, in which
old Argan dallies with all the remedies in I
the pharmacopoeia. When Miss Wain- j
wright discussed it she pronounced the j
noun as if it were the name of the cele- j
brated and lamented American composer j
who wrote ' Waiting" and other popular
ballads, and in the adjective she dweit
lovingly and tenderly on the word ghi.\
The effect of the whole was "Le HillarJ i
-' ■ : ■■: ;; '■
1 M ' f • %■. ■
f ot^'
immag-Tin-ncr". It might be better, under
the circumstances, to call the piny "The
Hypochondriac" and avoid trifling with
the French language.
But the most jarring feature in "Mol
iere" Is the constant occurrence of the
word "madame." Every one knows that
tne actcrj and actresses who visit our
shores invariably make it a pointof honor
to pronounce madarae as if it were writ
ten ma-damn. It, may be that they are
glad to embrace an opportunity of doing
a little swearing unrebukea— or, giving
them the benefit of the doubt, they have
never heara the word pronounced a la
Francaise. At any rate, it is a stage tra
dition to proncur.ee madame thus, and
the Wilton Lackaye company follows it,
alas! so faithfully, that "Moliere" is liter
ally strewn with big, big D — j.
I believe a taste for melodrama is an
acquired habit like smoking or eating
Limburger cheese. At first it makes yon
sick, then you pity, then endure and then
embrace. This has been the history of the
Columbia Theater habitues during the last
few week?. Th'ywere not used to melo
drama and looked askance upon "Human
ity" with surprise and suspicion. The
ladies were afraid of the shooting and
clung to their seats in horror while the
bombshell was spluttering away within
a foot of the hero. It was not him that
they trembled fot but th*>mselV3». When
"The New South" was put on the habitues
ventured but timidly, in twos and threes,
ami said tnat they never wouM have come
at all if they had not heard that th<? play
was much les? sensational than "Human
ity." They were beginning to got the melo
drama habit, but they would notown it.
"The Cotton King" last week completed
the work of degeneration, or regeneration —
the way you look at it all depends upon
whether you have ths habit yourself.
People who had been in douDt during
the run of the first two plays went to see
"The Cotton King" and returned the next
night, bringing tneir friends and now
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottloh & Co. can
saf ;ly produce plays "built round" any
piece of machinery that threatens human
life, for the habitues of the Columbia
Theater have acquired the melodrama
habit.
Mrs. Kendal has been declaring, not
necessarily as a guarantee of good faith
but for publication, that ihe stage "is a
most terrible, a most awful lile for a
woman. Nay, it is the most terrible, the
mott awful in the world for a woman.
To succeed in it she must have the epi
deirnia of a rhinoceros, the strength of a
mac and the icelings, say, of a graven
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
imare. I spegk stronjrly. I feel strongly
on the subject, and, remember, I know
what I am talking about."
Mrs. Kendal may know what she is
talking about, but it is strange that she
should have staved with this life of trial
and tribulation for so many decades — I do
not know how many, out enousrb for her
to know her own rainri. Msny years ago,
when she was young and charming, Mrs.
Kendol said that no woman ought to act
after she was forty, but she had forgotten
all about that before her forty-fifth birth
day, and now she bids fair to become one
of the grand young actresses of the next
century.
Mary Anderson is another actress who
speaks slightingly of her own profession.
Her autobiograuhy is full of snrers at the
stage, but she too stayed with it for a long
time. 1 have been wondering, if tiese
feted and wealthy ladies find the theater
such a pathway of thorn*', what it must be
for the little chorus and ballet girls, who
tremble at the stage manager's frown and
who go through their little parts with the
knowledge that a wrnng step or a false
note may mean dismissal and no bread in
the cupboard next week. These girls have
grievances of their own. What member of
thedranmtic profession has not? But the
chorus and ballet know betterthan to pro
claim their woes Irom the housetop; it
would be as much as their bread and but
ter is worth.
Talking of ballets, I looked in at the Or
plieum the other day, to see a rehearsal of
the Christmas ballet, and Adrien Kiralfy
assured me that by the lime t c festive
season arrived ho would have all the girls
dancing in time and on tneir toes. He
knows his business, so I did not venture to
contradict him, but after seeina the re
hearsal, I wondered whether be was notof
too hopeful and buoyant a nature.
There were tsll girls and short girls, fat
girls and thin girls, girls in bloomers and
girls in voluminous skirts, but with possi
bly one exception, they all seemed to be
imbned with the fixed idea that the he
ginning, the middle and the end of the
art of dancing lies in Kicking as high as
possible. The exceprlon was a littlo dark
girl in a loose-fitting gown, who swayed
rhythmically to ilie music with her
whole body, and whose head bent
as gracefully as a rose rocked by the
breeze. She came down to the footlieh's
smiling and showing a flashing set of
teeth, and ber wiles reminded me of
those practiced by the ereat ballerine, who
never come to the Pacific Coast. Of
course th» girl danced by nature, for she
had none of the acrobatic agility of a
trained dancer.
With the exception of this nymph,
Kiralfy was dealing with somewhat raw
material. "Forward, my children, 1 ' he
cried, and lump, lump, Jump, kick, kick,
kick was the response from forty pairs of
feet, while forty toes waved in the air like
so many signals of distress. "Lazy, luzy,
ah! little fet lszy," cried the ballet mas
ter, banging down his hands on the piano
and stamping his feet at a little per
son in cloth bloomers, who was what
schoolboys call "funking" her share of the
performance. The little fat la^y gave a
kick, just to prove what she could do
when goaded on to it, and the ballet roas
ter remarked, parenthetically: "They
haf not the education of coryphees from
the great dancing schools of Europe.
They haf been taught all wrong, but I
like the American dancers better than
Italians, French, Germans, English.
They haf more intelligence, more vivacity.
Give them the years of training dancers
have in Europe. Aii! there would be
coryphees!" and Kiralfy roiied his eyes
upward, as if a vision of the paradise of
Mohammed had been vouchsafed him.
While :he ballet was resting from its ar
duous exertions I chatted with some of
the brightest girls and found that in their
humble little way they were cierishinj
humble little ambitions of tneir own. "It
takes a fortune to be educatei fora pre
miere, and I can't afford lessons," said the
little dark-eyed dancer. "Lots and lots of
premieres have graduated out of the ballet
though, aid that's wiia\ I hope to do."
"1 d rather be a singer." said a little per
son, with big serious eves, who did not look
over 14. "My mother is letting me have a
few lessons and they say I am a very high
soprano, but you see there was a chance to
earn something in the ballet, so I applied. "
Practical little peoplel Haw bravely they
seemed determined to make the most
of their poor little chances. If they ever
withstand the temptations and hardships
of their lot and battle their wa/ out of
the ranks they will be able to talk with
more authority than the pampered Mrs.
Kfiiual about needing "the epidermis of
a rhinoceros and the strength of a man."
Marie Evelyn.
Baldwin Theater.
For several years sensational accounts
have been heard of Mis-sEilen B?ach Yaw,
the singer with tbe "Eiffel Tower" voice,
whose range of four octaves burpasses the
compass of any soprano recorded in his
tory. This younslady will sing for the first
time in this City at the Baldwin Theater
to-morrow evening. Appearing with ncr
will be Maximilian Dick, a violinist of
some reputation, and Miss Georgiella Lay,
who is said to be .1 gifted pianist.
The following programme will be per
formed: Polonaise (Lir.zt), Miss. Lay;
"Ballade n Polonaise' ( Vicuxtemps), Mr.
Dick; "Villanelle" (Dell 1 Acqua;, Miss
Yaw; (a) "E«tincel!c-s." (Moszkow
ski), (6) ' Dedication" (fcchumann-
Liszt), MUsLsj; •'RondedeLutini" (Baz
zmi), Mr. Dies; "Ah Fon'fl Lvi," "La
Traviata ' (Verdi), Miss Yaw; "Caprice Us
Ccnc-rt" (Mann), Mr. Dick; Swiss echo
song (Eckert), Mi-s Yaw.
C. B. Jefferson, Klaw & Erlanser's musi
cal fXtravaganza, "Palmer Cox's Brown
ies," will be seen for the first time in San
Fiancisco on Thursday night. The en
gagement is limited to two and a half
| weeks. "The Brownies'' la described as
I an entertainment of the nature of ••1492,"
I with more elaborate sppctacniar effects.
The organization numbers over ICO people, j
Among tne performers are Ida Mulie,
Frank Deshon, Marie Celeste, Ida Brooks,
j Sol Solomon, Charles Hagnn and Hobert
Cumtuinjis, the Brothers Borani, disap
pearing demons, Newhouse and Waffle.
I and little (Jertie Carlisle. The Oriental
j ballet, the dance of the waiter girls, the
! electr cal eerenade to the singing moon,
the flying ballet, the German band, the
cha?e of the ma.ic firefly, the airship and I
colossal sea bird will all prove novelties to !
San Francisco theater-goers.
Golurnbia Theater.
"The Cotton King" has proved snch a
succors at the Columbia Theater that it
will be continued for anotuer week. Hut- |
ton Vane's latest melodrama gives plenty j
of opportunities for seii>ational acting j
and stajrinp, and tne scene in the calico
printing mill with the elevator at work is
quite a triumph ot reaJi.-m.
The Frawley company is expected to
arrivi' here irom Honolulu on the 17th
insu, and it will open at the Columbia the |
following Monday with a new Daly pro
duction. During* the holidays the com
pany will present both "Love in Tandem"
and "The Railroad of Love."
Qrar\d Opera-jHouse.
Another sensational melodrama, entitled
"The Police Patrol," will open at the
Grand to-morrow night. As its title mdi- .
cates, it concerns the bluecoated defenders |
|oi the peace. In the first act a millionaire j
! is murdered when he iftterrunU a gang of
thieves at work on his safe. Of course, the
wrong people are suspected and it is only j
through tne f-xerrions of a heroic police
captain (Howard K.yie) that the real cut- I
prim are run to earth. Among other in- i
terestiug scenes is one iv tuts pol.ee patrol j
barn. The horses stand quietly in their
stalls till an alarm is rung in. Then they
leap to their places under the harness that
drops on them and is snapped automati
cally and in a few seconds are dashing out
01 the barn wit 1 their load of Dolicemen.
The caste includes ihe strength of Ma
rosco's company. Mny Capwell. a bright
San Francisco girl, piay; at ;h? Grand for
the tirst time in 'The Police Patrol."
TiVoli Opera-House.
"The Bohemian Girl' will be rung for
the first five nichts or this week, with an
aji-star cast. Miss TSeiie Thorne. one of
the Tivoli's most popular prima donnas,
has consented to reappear previous to her
departure for the East, as Arline. Rhys
Thomas wiil be Thaddeus, a role which he
sang with great success throushout En -
land with the Can Rosa Opera Company;
Bernic-' Holmes \vi:l be tin gypsy queen,
J.ihn J. lt-iffael Couit Arnheira, W. H.
West Devilshoof, and Arthur 1 Joyce
Florestine. On Saturday evening the
holiday spectacla of -'Jack and the Bean
stalk"' will be presented, after months of
careful preparation. It is said to contain
a wealth of beautiful scenery, dazzling
costumes, brilliant li-ht effects, gorgeous
ballets, sprightly marches, tb.3 latest songs
and fine transformation sc nes.
At the Orpheum.
The new attraction for thi3 week will be
the Joseph Pho;te pantomime troupe,
which comes direct from Koster & Bial's,
New York. For the past three years it
has been employed in London and Paris.
Joseph and Martha Phoite, supported
by nve other pantomiruists, will appear
in an eccentric pantomime called
"Mephisto." It will run through the
holidays. Clermont's trained animals
and Guiletti's monkey comedians are on
the new bill, and so are Cushman and
Holcomb. Kaoly and the Komalo
brothers will vie with each other in
acrobatic feats. Stuart has new songs
and the three Dunbar sisters promise new
"coster" songs and aances. The aerial
bahet and Kiralfy'3 grand opera ballet
will open 0:10 week from to-ntght.
Alcazar Theater.
The production of "Alabama' l has made
the most pronounced hit since the new
management took control of the theater.
It will be continued ttiis week with the
same brilliant cast.
/tt the Chutes.
The Chmes have a new attraction to
offer to-day in an exhibition of fie Uni'.eil
Sates live-saving service. A life-line will
be shot from a mortar to a ship at the
en d of the lake, and men will be rescued
from, an apparently serious predicament.
Bob Fitzsinirnons will give an exhibi
tion both ai:ernoon and evening of his
pugilistic powers, and at half past 4 Eniil
MiiTKeberg will make abnlloon ascension
and parachute drop.
Rosenthal Is Better.
It has been feared for some weeks past
that the attack of typhoid fever irom
which Moriiz liosonihal was suffering in
Chicago would necassiiate the abandon
ment of his tour, but Messrs. Friedlander,
Gottlob & Co. have just received a tele
gram from Wolfson suiting that the great
pianist is progtessing very favorably to
ward recovery and that as soon as he is
able to travel he will be moved to Los
Angeles to recuperate. The doctors be
lieve that by the end of January Rosen
thai will be able to resume his tour, and
he is expected in this City early in Feb
ruary.
THE BROWNIE MAN IN TOWN.
j-ioW Palmer Gox, an Old-Jime Sar\
Franciscan, Found the
Little people.
Palmer Cox, the artist, who went years
ago from San Francisco to New York to
find fr.rue as an illustrator of fees and hob
goblins, is living at present in an atmos
phere permeated with Brownie?. He is
personally conducting his play, "The
Brownie?," through the length and
breadth of the land, and he has just
piloted the company to this City, where
he used to dream of Brownies when he
was a boy.
The artist-illustrator is accompanied by
a gentleman named Doubles, who wrote
(he music for 'The Brownies,", and who
is so exactly like a Brownie himself that
you have to look at him twice to be quite
Mire that lie is not a fantaaje cf Palmer
Cox's brain. Examination of his physi
ognomy force.? you to admit that Mr.
Douglas is real, though his resemblance 10
a Palmer Cox Brownie continues to fas
cinate you and compels yon to keep your
eyes glued on him in a vay which is rot
consistent with the rules of good breeding.
' But as if. Mr. Douglas and the company
were not enough ,Bro«nieland,-; Palmer
Cox has to keep th«* ball rolling by talking
continually. about' Brownies -anil 'spending
his leisure momenta in drafting them, us
lie is under a fifteen years' contract to go
evolving them continually out ot his inner
consciousness. ; Reporters come to inter
v.ew him . about Brownies', and } ol«r
-time friends pt\"li."s, ? ' r .wlio "have srown into
middle : aced, ,' prosperous ' business '■ men,
drop into the cffice of the Baldwin -The
ater, ar^d exclaim: "Hello, Cox! I want
to congratulate you, o>d fellow— hear you
have made; a fortune out of Brownie-."
And Cox has logo- on telling lre^h relays
visitors how.it came about that he in
varied the realms of Brownicland. '
It seems :ttiat he was* writing for chil
dren's miignznes in New York and v.anted
some odd characters for- illustrations that
could point , a- moral : as, well las- adorn a
tale, "It was riot natural to make animals
talk," he said; ''besides. 1 wanted a talker
that could take a : hign moral stand
point, :J something like Puck, with his
"What fools these mortals be.' I had been
brougUt 'up among ; Scotch ': people ami
had heard a ereat deal about the traditions
of the Highlands, where they still believe
in lees and hobgoblins. Brownies had
always taken my fancy. They .were intel
ligent, observing little fellows, who knew
all a bout; mortals and helped them when
they were good. The lirownies could
r>oint the moral i wanted to stories, ?o
I utilized ;them.7; They were -a ue»v de
parture in literature and made a hit from
the rirst."
Dramatic Brevities.
Rose Coghlan says she will not join Palmer's
company playing "Heartsease."
Howard Gould is now playing the leading
part in the "Prisoner of Zenda."
Mr. McKee Rnnkin of -'Tha Danites" fame
has joined the vaudeville cohorts.
"Iskander" is the title of a new play which
Frederick Warde intends to produce.
George Holland has 'The Jilt" in rehearsal,
in which Amy Lee will play Phyllis.
Marcus Mayer has arranged for a production
in London of -'The Mandarin" at Daly's The
ater.
Arrangements ere well forward for Miss
Msud AdAms and John Drew to play a season
in London, beginning next May. Jonn Drew
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
®^*sif — TflTlfliTTl IUL1 UL fl * ;rr1 ' SN TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY), LAST TIME,
WvL ALV w' "Hi >^ c " r P °' D Wi I ton I ftcXczixTp*
™l \props. R* ▼▼ 11LUI1 L-ctClV.ciyc
IN THKD0U8ti:81LL....»....i... "MOLIKBX" AND CAPT. BOB!"
TWO CONCERTS— To-Morrow (Monday) Evening and Tnesday Evening.
Y__ _> a m I The most remarkable voice recorded by history.—
m\ Bm M I New York Herald. .
■ H Hifiw AND UEK CUNI'EBI COMPANY, INCLUDING
SJk ii Maximilian Dick, Violin Virtuoso, & Georgiella Lay, Pianist
■ .•■ ■ ■ In a Brilliant Programme.
PBIOES-^^, S* 1 SO, * 1 and 500.
CVTOH 'li TWO AND A HALF WEEKS II fIMI VI
tAIHA II TWO AND A HALF WEEKS UllLl I
•/■ Beginning Thursday Night, December 17.
EVERY NIGHT, including SUNDAY NIGHT, with 3IATI-
, NEKS WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY, CHRISTMAS .
* _q- and NEW YEAR'S, fr; '.;■•"-.;.:/;
f^EHfiW C. B. Jefferson ' Klaw & Erlanger's WONDERFUL PRODUCTION
QGBBB&ft 3F*^LXj3VEX3XI. CORK'S
rtORrTT7^2rTRR» p a i W% X Ifn Ira a «\
Rrf/ Lj I 1 %3 || Ii kg U ■
y§£Zvmm m Jg . t, g ,
iggooocgggg The Storm an Shipwreck at Sea!
wWCvvvwJvw The Storm and Shipwreck at Sea!
> wwwwww The Earthquake and Volcano !
Nic- nnm < The Earthquake and Volcano !
S US The Destruction of the Palace! >
Hi 1 nil Ihe Destruction of the Palace!
ah Mill
«{! 'Iffi . "Daybreak in Brownieland!"
V,» 2nl ' "Daybreak in Brownieland l n
UI m t- >^ b»b^ m^^mm «^^ ■ mmmwmmmimu^^
j', |S ISO MUHTS IN NEW YORK! | * WEBKt* IN CHICAGO!
♦||\ E. .*^i^ 4WF. 'KB IX BOSTON ! I 4 WEEKS IS PHILADELPHIA ;
The compact in Vulcan's Cave— The Bridal Procession in the Kaln of Roses— Mysterious
GtiPSts With Their strange Presents— The Abduction— The Brownies Adrift in Miiocean— Tne Rescue
of the Dude by the Great sea Bird — in the Knchanted Country— Tne Electric Fireflies— Singlnsr
Moon— The Oriental Billet of Beautiful Women— The Wandering Mlmtrela— ihe Disappearing
Demons— German Band— shapely Walter Girls— THE I'LYING BALLET.
I /"X/~V In the Great Extravaganza, including; Ida Mulle. Frank De.shon, Marie f /^i g~\
I I 111 - Celeste, Ida Brooks, Sol Salomon, Charles Hasan I I It I
**-**-* and Robert Cummingt. lv/v
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-ttOUSE.
WAI/iKK MOROSCO...SoIe 1-esseeand Manager
Cozuzuonoins IMCouday UocomlDcr 14tli
.■>l t;-i ii cent Mechanical and Scenic Production of a Wonderful Success,
The Police Patrol!
A Fascinating Melodrama by Scott Marble. 4i
REPLETE WITH SENSATIONS! OVERFLOWING WITH FUN! 4
S Trained White Horses and the Police Patrol S
Faithful Representation of Hay market Square, the Scene of Chicago's
Awful Anarchist Riots.
Kvenlng Prices-lOc, 25c and BOe •» TIXKE SATUBD VY AND SIXDAT
, '
TRICO.LAW)LR.(;OrrU)D >O»ttSp twiA4«J
TO- I ■ AND
KIOHT I THEN
TIIE IjAST "\7CrJE33E3EK:
Of the Marvelous Production and
Nothing; Its £.qu;il . .
JOSEPH ORISMER AND HI(EB3 DAVIES
■ And a Specially selected Company In tUe
' " Greatest of All Melodramatic buccesies,
THE COTTON Kli\G!~
jhe Wonaeriai .Mill scene! , Ti e Pt-rfeci lilevaior
Setup! All In Full Operation.
December 21— Return of the Favorites—
l HE FRAWLEY COMPANY
f| | THE FAVORITES! ||
II THE ||
FRAWLEY =
= COMPAHY.
The most pprf ?ct ' _^_^_
D amatic Oraanl — — ■ —
zaii n that has ever v a ted ••Frisco."
OUR OWN HOME COMPANY
Will return from their Trumrhant Trip to
Honolulu to again appear at the
COLUMBIA THE ATE
During the Holiday Weeks.
Week Dei 21— Augnstin Daly's Beautiful Comedy,
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE.
MATfNK KS-Ch Friday, Dec. 25: Sat-
urd.y, D a c '.6; Now i ear, Friday, Jan. 1; Satur-
day, Jan.' 2.
. The Regular Popular Prices.
Reserved Sea s-Nigot: Vsc, 50c. 75c and $1.00.
Matinee— 2sc, 60i. an 1 7oc.
Pea on 3 tie commencing Thursday, December
17, at 9 A.M.
O'FnrreU S;rpp-, J c «■»>■■ siockton and PoviraX
Matlnoo To-Day (Sunday), Dee. 13.
I'uiqueu any sc:ii, li6c; Ualcony. any oca.; iji : -■.
." -'Children/ Hie. any par.. .-
SEX the COMEDY Bli. . of the SEASON
ALL IHK LITI FOLK SHOULD SEJs
THEHA>iOPL4YINOPOD'U
■■: AndtiAt.LET'H's FUNNY MONKEYS,
ANU THE OTHER OkEAT ACTi.
Last AptMvCmnce of I HAT. HKK and MARBLE.
H COMlNG— Nlluou's .-.uiopean Aerial Bali.t (the
original flylnc ballet) in conjunction with Klralfv's
lirunrl Opera Bullet or fifty Coryphees and tive
Piemiercs— the grandest ballei ever produced ■In
Cali:urtiln.
PIEDMONT BATHS THEATER,
At 3 P. M. Sunday, I>cco-nber 13.
.;, Gran d Vaudeville- '. Entertainment. ',•••
Music by Uosner's Hangarl*n Orchestra.
.Admission, mc v 'ins a swinior tub bath......:J5-
Clnidren under. 12 • -."r-v,-- ••;..■•■ •• .......25c
Admission to *-ntortainmen:, no; - Incl'uiin'g*'
swim or tub bath— adu.ts...... ..........25c
Admission to entertainment, not including a .
'■■'■ swim or tub bath-cht!dr n under i*......» 160
KeserveU beats— Adults 35c. children isc: box
seats 50c.
"TIH^CHUTEiSr
ANOTHKII BIG DAY.
■ Afternoon evening— Bob F tzsim-^fS^
mous will I '.isir.ite the sharkey knock-fi^^B
out i> on and spar three rounds witu Ja-kiE&SsS
stfi 7, aurt Dmi Hicirey on trie stcs- at\SK»
the foM. the ! li.ke.- At 4:30-Bhl.ouii «f
MC»n*ion :by si arkehrrg.> Special— Won - VV/
dfi ful exhibltlin or the U. i-.;| ifp-snvlnc JIBL
• ervioe. -Aamission. 10c: children 5c *Q^
is alreaav well known on the other fide
from hie performances with Augustiu Daly s
company. yjtß
Clay M. Greene has~written anew play on
New Eugland life, which Jacob Littwill pro
duce.
Al Hiiyman is still making a tourfof the
West. He is said to be after a number of thea
ters for next season.
Charles E. Cook, formerly manager of the
Matdonnugh Thenter In Oakland, Cal., has
joined Nat Goodwin as advance agent.
A grand testimonial benefit will be tendered
to Pietro Sossi at Saratoga lUU on the ISth
mat., when "The Goidun Giant" will bj per
formed.
The ballets of the rustics, the spriehtly
jockeys and the leadfng mars of the beaveni
nre all leatures o£ '-Jack and tne Beanstalk's"
novel dances.
Colonel Mapleson has strain fallen by the
wayside, as it was feared that he mieht and
there is reason to believe that his career *•>
miprestirio is ntlHst absolutely closed.
Last Performances of
"THE PROMISED LAND!"
A Thrilling, Sensational Play.
' O'Farrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Be'.asco, Jordan & La Faille J e:sees and Managers.
Afternoon and Even ing: and All of Next
Week.
A Perfect Production of tbe Story of the Sonth,
ALABAMA.
(by Augustus Thomas.)
SPECIAL KXGAUEMjiNT OP
GEORGE OSBOURNE. AID HUGO TOLAID.
Order seats by telephone, Black 991.
Mght— l6c. 25c, 35c. 50c. Matinee— 15c, 25c, 35&
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
MB3.KKNJCSTIXK Krkmx*. Proprietor & Jj.»a*ii«
To-Niglit Last Time.
Offenbach's Operatic Fantasie
"THE BRIGANDS."
TO-MORKO W EVENING
Five Nights Only,
••THE BOHEMIAN GIRL/
Special Engagement of
MISS BELLE THOKXE.
Saturday Evening..... .December 19
••JACK AND HE BEANSTALK."
Our Gorgeous Holiday Spectacle.
Ponula- Price 5.. ...... ..250 w^"i "50-». /
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
Sunday Evening, December. 20.
: l>onlze:ti"s ira^ic Optra,
It rOLIDTO (m MARTYRS).
. . Will Be Produced by th-
Italian Soc etv Philharmonic, "O. X.,"
I nder die I)lr>-eiioti of
A. iSP'DLNA. j
Seats on sale a* the tucatcr Sunday morning
December 18. ■
TESTIMONIAL CONCERT
- ' (iIVKX TO
MR. WILLIAM H. 11OT>T
Organist and lirector of Grace Ci nrch Choir,
> By th« Choir of th j Church,
Assisted by Mr. Bernard Mollenn«uer (violinist)
I r. Tom Hi 1, Pit-is Ciun Quartet, Mr. U. i letrher
V\\? n i*'{ d £""• w - 1 - Xl ' * ("'compani ts). -Mr"
£»&£**: , alcheld^-' Conductor, JLH. t RANK
Cut ITIS, (solo tenor Grucc-Chuich).
Audi .orium of th > Younr Mm'sChrls-
• ti.m Asioc.atioii. l*t?u. 14, a 8 I. M.
CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY Ax 2 r. M .
BASEBAI1I1!
SACRAMKXTOS VS. ALKKTS,
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(NGLESIDE TRACK).
TneonlyVeriect Winter Raceirac* mv America.
wcwfl 3^^ mm
Racing From Monday, Dec. 14. to Satur-
day, Dec. Inclusive. i
Five or Sore Races Daily, Rain or Shins. 1
FIIJST it ACE AT I P. 31. 17
_ Take : Southern -i lactfic : «i train* at iii.rl ani *
Townsendsts. depot, leavlntj at Ip. _ . x -
> Faro for Kouiul Trip, including Ad.
minsioii to lirouuds. »i.ot). B -
laico Missiou s.. electric line direct to tract
The *lE^S££g®gXZ\ £* 5 'THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMAUY OF THE MAKKKTs.'
IBank Clearings lose $2,000,000.
No ciange In Silver. ■
Wheat Futures higher.
Barley Futures firmer.
Oats ii'id (.of: q
• Hye neglected hikl lower.
Hay and Feedatulta unchanged
Beans nnd :-;ee'U dull.
Hops lower. Wool inactive.
Provisions qui°t.
Dried Fruits continue stagnant.
Fre<h Fruits about the same.
Oranges continue to weaken.
«Ja.ue brought better prices.
Dressed Turkeys still lower.
No further decline in Eggs.
Butler weak. Cheese steady.
Potatoes firm. Onions higher.
Twenty-one Failures last week.
BANK JJLKAIUXGS.
local bank cleartneslast week were *13,279.398,
Sf ainst $15,231,128 lor the same week in 1895.
THE WEEK'S FAILPRK-}.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 21
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
in ihe week ending yesterday as compared with 19
KW :h<> nrevions week ami 21 for the corresponding
. , ; kc ' ! ifc9s. The failures are divided among the
iraues , as follows: 2 restaurants. 1 boots and
■noes, 1 haidwarc, 2 rtru.j3, 1 foundry, 2 groceM 1
norist. I fruits. 2 hotels, '-' liquors, 2 general stores.
3 butchers, 1 jewelry. liodgln*- house.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
Cays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtlis,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
«lnes, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
won; "hieh" means iiUli barometric pressure and
Is usually aceomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
. and acoorr,panied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" as al,a 1 , y first appear on the Washington
coast. When :he pressure Is high in the interior
ana low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alon; the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
J the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
. . WtATHiK BUREAU KEPOKT.
United States Department, OF Agbiccl-
Tti:;-.. Weather BOBFAO, San Francisco, Dec.
12. 1596. 6 p. m.— Weather coi-'di: ions and general
•
; Tn* following: are the seasonal rarafalis 10 date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 14.67 inches, last season 10.80 inches;
Rid I luff 6.10 inches, last season 4.70 Inches;
San Francisco 7.04 inche*. last season 2.87 inches;
Fresno 3.0 i inches, last s?asoa .41 of an inch;
San Lv s Obispo 4.70 Inches, last season 3.32
inches; Los Aiureles 1.10 inches, last seaso.i .32 of
->-n inch: !-an l>i(go 2.07 inches, last seas6n 1.31
inch Yuma 1.10 inches, las. season .32 of an
inch. . • -
md Francisco data— Maximum temperature 5 9.
minimum 51, mean 65; rainfall past 24 hours .28
of an inch.
'A s:orm of unusual inten«iy is central In the
vicinity of Vancouver Island. The pressure at
Port Ansele3, Wash.. is 29- 18 inches. Hlphseurb
easi winds have prevailed along the entire coast
from Pi iut Reyes northward and are now shifting
to southwest. Rain has fallen from Point Concep
tion and the Tehac.'tar.l Mouutnins northward in
„ California. Pain has teen genera] .throughout,
Northwestern Nevada acd throughout OrrKon and
-Washington and Idaho. The conditions now mdl"
-' ca;e in 1-asta temporary ciearlne. but a-e uot such
as would render probable continued fair weather.
The ruin will pr.,bab end in this vicinity during
• the night, but is likely to commence again Sunday
aftefn on or evening.
Forecast mode at San Franclsro for 30 hours
ending niiJniKist December 13. 1896:
Northern California— Probably occasional rain
t .Sunday preceded by a partial clearing Sunday
" mornlnj?: brisk to high southerly winds.
southern < alifornia — Probably occasional light
• rain in north j»oruon; partly cloudy in south por
tion: cooler in extreme eastern portion .-unday;
. fresh southerly winds in northern portion.
I Nevada— Light rain or snow Sunday; probably
cooler at Winnemucca.
•Utah— Lignt rain or snow Sunday.
Arizona— Fair except cloudy in north portion
Sunday; probably cooler at Yuma.
San Franci co and vicinity— Probably occasional
rain Sunday preceded by a temporary clearing
Sunday moral:. brisk to high southerly wind.
W. H. 11 a mmo.v. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MABKKT3.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 12.— Less than 50.000
shares of stock were traded In at the Stock Ex
change to-day, and the fluctuations in prices were
on & parity with the transactions. There was
little pres tare to sell, however, and the decline in
the first hour was the weakest, ranging from -/g to
3 1/ 8 per cent. Manhattan scored the greatest loss,
fa.ii: gto 9-Vs- "' lie ling of this specialty was
attributed to llquida ion of sales by an operator
recently arrayeu on the bail side of the stock.
Heading sold down to 20%, the lowest-point of the
week. Tbe proposed ruination of the com
pany's char ef by the Attorney-General of Penn
sylvania accounts for the decline. The losses in
the grangers, industrials, trunk lines and Western
Union were confined to exceedingly narrow
limit*
The bank statement was again favorable, but It
had no effect. The bunks are still maintaining
their policy Of expanding loans, tue Increase be
ing over $114)00,000. the largest for any one week
since eection. The increase in the deposit line
was * 14,553,00" and the gain Id cish $/.781.700.
The surplus reserve suffered a loss 01 $803,051;.
and BOW stand* at 931, (300,350. Toward the close
bear tracers start-- <i In to even up contracts and
tjie market in <oiisiqneiice displayed a firmer
ton'-. A recovery 01 Vs'4% P er cent was noted at
this tls;ie, Manhattan. Western Union, Sugar and
the gas stocks All being prominent, speculation
closed dull and firm.
The boud. market was irregular, to-day. The
transactions footed up only *^56.000. Suitable
Gas ami Fuel of Chicago sixes rose 8. Houston and
Texas Central first fives yB,y 8 , Kings County El«vated
firs* «v 4. LouUvlHb and Nashville, New O^
trans and .Mobile rim sixe* 1 to '.18, <>rei.oii Im
provement couanl .fives 1 Vis. do lives ceillfi
fates IV-l- a.' l Rome. WactrtOwn ami Ogden«
bur^' BrttWOMl iy z : St. Paul, Minnesota ani
Manitoba Montana extentios fours fell iy a : Chi
cago, st Lout* and raincnh first fives -1%: and
Long Island first fives 3 4. ' -
luOovernnient bond* '2.000 coupon fours Of
19*5 sold atsl 20V B @*l '-'O'/4-
Grain.
r l nt'R— l'u 1. easy. Winter wheat,' low grades,
*2 iO(S3 SO: fair to fnncy, 99 40(ai 76: do pat
ents, *4 90@5 25: Minnesota clear. *3 50@4;
do straights. $l@4 e0: do patents. 84 -'•>©* 60:
low extras. Si! !*o©3 30: city mm* •<«.>: do pat
ents Si 25®8 0&: Co patents, $5 10,u.5 -5; rye
rnlxturp.*3 25@3 83; superfine, «S2 }o@3 30: fine.
$1 fcO(&:; 05. .Southern flour, dull, easy; common
10 fair eztr*. $a^: - 06: food to choice do, ••* us@
3 80. Bye flour, dv 1, sy, $2 85@3 26. j
COR:*MF.AL— DuII, easy, unchanged. Yellow
Western, «1 900.! 05.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHbtLOCk & CO.,
4 Leidesdorfr St, TeL Main 1054-
-(KM 11.1 I. OFFICK :■''■' .„„_
623 Market St.; Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown Office— Uai-. win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel Main 339.- ; -
PUKDY & ATKINSON Manager*. *■„;
•Orders instantly executed on' latest market qu>
Utlons. Reference Ist N»tloual Bank, >. F.
__iC-UU. A>iUy_XiU-iVi-it *>>-W IOB*
, KYE-Qaiet. Western, 45c afloat.
BARLKY— S-eadv; 28@v8V2C.
WHEAT— Spot market dv.i, firmer. No. 2 red
f. o. b. 9E3 8 c; unsradea red, bos9By a c; No. 1
Northern, bb6/^?, . . .
Ootions were dull and firm at y s^lc advance on
higher cab es, beiur West, moderate foreign buy
ing and local coverinu. May was:i».o<c active.
No. '_» red. January, 87S/gc: March, 8&y 82;8 2; Way,
86% c; July, 81S/gc; December, 87 % a
C-jKN— spot tiuil, firm. No. '1. tie elevator; 30c
cfloai.: steamer mixed. 28c; >o. 3. 25Vic.
Options were dull, firm and unchanged without
features. Slay only traded In. .December, 29c;
M v ,Bl%e. , ■
oats— spot, dull and steady.
Options dull, nominally untlisn^ed. December,
22Vic: January, SV%c: February, 'ity%c; No. 2.
22V2C: .\ o . 2 while, 26V3C: No. 2 Chicago. 'j:-\' c;
No. a, '.oV*c; No. 3 wu.te, 2ty a c -' mixed cat
era, 1!2(a24c; whiie do, ■J3ia3^c.
I"rovi«Ion«.
LABD-Qulet, strodv. Western steam, $4 15:
City. *3 00%'<>'3 00%: December." 84 10, Re
fined dull; Comment. $4 40; Couth American,
$4 75: compound. 4%@4%c.
POUK— Moderate demand, steady. New mess,
$8 i.'s@B 75.
r.l . i Kit- Quiet. Western creamery. 15@24c;
do factory. 7«sl^c: t.li;ics. i;4c: imitation cream
ery, ll@i7VsC.
i.'li;.jiish- Part skims, £V467c: full skims, 2y 2
®3c.
EOGS— Quiet. Icehouse. lt"@l9c: Western fresh, j
20@2U": do case. $2 25@4 2U: limed, ISVa"-*
-i ALLOW — Moderate demand, steady. City,
3Vic: country. !»@3%-. -'
COTTONSEED OlL,— Dull, steady. Crude,
20V' s c; yellow prime, 23@24c.
SlCK— Fairly nciive. firm. Domestic, fair to
extra, 3: (g.(ji:: Japan, 4Vi@4Vic.
MoLAaojvS— Firm. New Orleans, open kettle,
good to choice new, vs@2sc.
■ C'Ol'FKK— Dull; 10 to 15 points down. De
cember, $9 "25; Marc.'i, $9 3U@9 35; May. *9 35. !
bpo: Rio dull, nominal. No. '1, 10c. ,
SUGAR— DuII. Off A, 4y 8 c; moid a, 4%c;
standard A, 48/ 3 3; confectioners' A, 41/4 C: cue loaf
and cr lulled, uc; powdered, 4. r ;ijc; granulated,
43 c; cubes, -is kc. "■;-.:■*!: ■■
Produce.
HOPS-Qulft. Pac'.nc const, 3@llc
WOOL — Firm. Jipmestlc Uocce, 38323 c;
pulied, lfc(&;>.li:; Texas, 7@l2c.
McrcliandUt.
PIGIROX— Quiet. American, 11@13.
COl'Pi.R— Firm. Lake, 911 SO®. 150. /
LKAD-Qutt. Dom-s.i. :'.@.i 05 : ' - <<; --. ■*•'
TIN— >;rait«, ?12 90; plates, quiet.
fcPELTIiK-Qulet. Domestic 94 15@1 25.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. lix., Dec. 12.— The week closed In
the wheat market with a firm ton ■ prevailing. The
general run of news was lavorable to holders. Buy
ing was considered much more sensible than it
j was a few days ago. Liverpool cables came wl.h
an advance of 2 ci. That was In Hue with our
.strength of yesterday. The Argentine news was
still discouraging as to the crop. The "call" price
presented an obstacle 10 an improvement to that
point. Northwestern receipts ere liberal at 654
cars, against 469 last Saturday and 9-4 a year ago.
Chicago had 51 cars and inspected 0u11<9,616
bushels. Large shipments from both co 'Sis for the
week, 4,222.000 bushels, lieiped the market ma
tiri.iliv to-day. Argentine shipments were light
at 2-5.0f.0 bushels. K» port clearance i were liberal
at 444.10J bushes. Closing Continental cables
were all higher. May eat opened from 8014 cto
fcOVfcc, advanced to bO%c, closing at 80%@>-OT/gC.
lc higher than yesterday. Kstlmated receipts for
Moudav 31 cars. No. 2 red, spot wheat, ranged ;
from 89Vic to S9%c. closing alo.it SS'Ji". .
cuRN — I'rices of corn did rot change much, but
the tone of the market was In keeping with that
exhibited by wheat. Liverpool cables quo:ed a
dull anil unchanged market at Hint pixie. Re
ceipts, 238 cars, were about as expected, and only
752 bushels were withdrawn from store. Export
c;earance« were 349,6.*8 bushels. May corn opened
at 26c, sold between -6J/gC and 2b%(g>'.'6%c, clos
ing at ifiT/gC, a shade under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for Monday 24 car*
OATS- The oats trade was quiet and was con
fine ! entirely to small oca oea'.ings. The half
holiday had its natural effect on this ns on the
i othtr markets, ten linn to restrict business. Re
celms were car*. There were no withdrawals
I from store. May oats closed yßcy 8 c lower. Esti
mated receipts for Monday 450 mis.
• II. AX- Was steady, Cash No. 1, 751/2 C; North- !
! western.' 77Vi@~8c: December, 75c; May) 79 1 /sc.
Rtrceips were 4,5 cars..
i'itO VISIONS— A lair business was transacted
! In product with values displaying some firrnnc-ss
I In response to an advance In hog prices. The
; gran marvels likewise extended ass stance. At
the cloid May pork and ri'i were each &c higher,
and May lard 2 2 higher. 
BUTT The outter market showei an easier
! tendency o-day. Receipts were liberal, and stocks
j gave evil ence of accumulation. The demand was
slow.
j Creameries— Extras. 23c ?l Ib: first*. 21022 c;
seconds, 16@17c: imitations, fancy, lh@lsc; June
1 foods, extra*. 16%@17c: firsts, 15c uainea— Ex
tras. 19c: firsts. l*(a)17c: seconds. lOi^U'c La
dles—Extras. 10(g»llc: firsts. b{fiit>y 3 c; packing
nock, V(aS»Vj;C; gieaae, 2y 2 (g)ac; roll butter, ll@i
lie.
EGGS— Were weaker. Supplies were heavy
and buyer* were backward. Fresh stock was
quoted at 16c dozen.
.money —v\ »i 6'; u:i call and time loans. New
Yor.* exchange so:d at 60c premium. ■
Cloning Prices
WHEAT— December, 7t>y 8 c; May. 803,i@80%c:
July, 7434 c.
CORN— December, 22Vic; January, 23c; May,
257/ c.
OaTS— December, 17c; May, 20y»c •
PORK— December, 98 87^; January. 97 62 3 ;
May. 97 9- -1 2.
LARD— December, 93 75; January, $8871/2:
May. $1 071^.
RIBS— December, (3 90; January, f3 87 V 2 ;
May, 94 02 Va
; .;,/. Ijlvestock.
CNIOX 6TOCK YARDS, Im,. Dec. 12.— The
caitie market, was quiet ana easy to day. Only a
few were received,' and not much interest was
noted. Offerings of hozs were light. . Ihe demand
was brisk, and pr ces were strong to 6c higher.
slip and iamb markets were little more than
nominal to-day.
CATTLK - Heceints. 500. Christmas cattle,
$f> aO(§,."> 70: choice 10 nrirne 130U to 1700 steer*.
24 50 <i 5 0 ■): good to choice steers. IZOO to 1500 18.
14 00(4)4 40: medium steers. 1100 to 1250 lb. S3 75
&3 95: lair beef steer*. 1000 to 1200 lbs. (3 400
8 70: common beef steers, S3 60ut3 75: good to
choice dockers and feeders. 900 .0 1250 ib. i?. r>o;<4
A DO: lair 10 pood do. 500 to 876 »■- »2 70'<4
3 25: bulls, choice to extra. 93 10(^3 75; i.uiu,
poor to choice. $1 ~b(CLI OJ: cows and heifer*,
choice to prime, $a 50«£4 UO; cows, fair to choice.
»a 4U@3 40: cows, common to fair canners. Cl 50
(&'£ 35; calves, cood to fancy. S4 75c«j 25;
calves, common to cood. $3@l 70; Texas' grass
steers, »2 80(»3 60: Western iwnge steers. *» 25
Ogj'A 80: Western range cows ana belters. $2 60
(a.o bO; milkers and springers, ¥ head. »25ia4U;
Texas fed steers, 93 65@4 25; fancy cattle, 95 10
&b 25.
iiuu.s— Receipts. 25.000. Beavr paciln* km
(Mppinz Jots. 93 106:3 45: common to cboic*
mixed. 93 25@:> 50: choice assorted. »3 3&I03 4&;
UchU id 2 a too 45: pigs, $2 900.3 45.
SIIKKI'— J-.t-ceipis. 1000 Ia:oru» to COOIC9,
12 000(4 10; iaiuos. 93 00@5 25.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. NKBR-. Dec. 12.— H009—
Receipts, 49 U0. Market active, 5c higher, cos
ing firm. Light and mixed, 93 20 @3 35; heavy,
93 lf)@3 25. .
CA'l ILK— Receipts. 900. Market unchanged.
Steers. f:<4o(g,4 35; cows. 91 60®:> 30; feeders,
93 00&3 85; Christmas ateenand nelfers, 9& 25.
sHiiEP— Receipts, 800. Market firm. Lambs,
94 85. ...
Receipt* at Eansai City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec.l 2. — HOGS— Receipts.
7000. Market opened stron? and - closed easy.
Light, f 3 H-ibt'i 40; medium. $3^5(^3 35: heavy,
98 20(?3 30: pigs. «3 00@S 25. . _
CATTLE— Receipts. 1 000: nominal. Native
stters, best, $4 ili@l hO; f»ir to good. $3 10@4 10;
cows and heifers, best »2 95@3 85: fair to good,
*IHO@-'95: stockers and feeders. *3 OU(gi s 85;
Texas and W(S.eru, «2 60@3 B5; caives. 95®10.
bHEEP— Receipts, none. .
SEW \oi,K STOCKS.
Bonds, Kx'ckaii'jre. Money «nd Railroad
Shares.- .
Money on call offered at •£%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3y2@4*. Bar silver, 653/ c. Mexican dollars,
51(§52c. sterling exchange Is firm, r with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 8Sy 2 833/ 4 for
60 days and $4 86^4 863/ 4 r demand. Posted
rates. 94 84l/ 3 @4 Va< Commercl.-.l bills, $4 82Vi
@4 h'-ty* Government bonds steady: State bonds
dull; railroad bonds Irregular. Silver at the board
was neglected. - ■ ,
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel <t Cable... 90 iNorth American..: 4%
Atchison 141/ 8 Northern Faclfic. -.1J1%
Frefarred ...... -2'iiA ■ i'rfer.e ........ 23
Adams Express... 148 North western...... 103
• lton.'lere Haute. 67 - 1 Preferred 147
American ExpresslO9 X V Centra 1... ..... 96%
American lobacco 74% xt, Chiva^- &-i L 11 ■
Preferred .......l^l 8 /* Ist preferred..,., bo
Bay Mate 0n5.."... 1 10y» 2d preferred ..
BnlllmoTe «fe Ohio.. 14y 4 :s V & N 11 178
Brun*w!cs Lands. ' %M V & New Em... 46
Buffalo, Roch &P. 22 NY AW.... > %
Canada Pacific.'.. .. 65%| rreferred......... 2644
Canada Southern:. 45»4i0ntari0. ............ 9Vt
Canton Land;.. 60%-Outano & Western 168/»
Central Pacific 15 Oregon 1m pro vmnt
Ches <Sc 0hi0... 17 Preierid. ........——
Chicago Alton ICO Oregon >avii:atlon 15
- Preferred. ..^:'...170 Oregon Short Line." 15
Chicago, B A Q.... 773/ 8 I'acirlc Mai1........ 25
Chicago & 111.... 43 l'eorl.t. DA Kvans 2
Prejerred......... 95 Pittsbur^ & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas .... Pmlruan Palace — 156
< lev* <fe PHWDuri(.J63 Qnlcksilver. ...'....' 1%
Consolidation «.oal- 34 1 Prererred.;. 12
Consolidated Ga5. .1513/i Rending.,.' 26%
CCC& St Louis... i7J/ji R:o<iraDde4;Westn la
i. preferred T. 81 1 (referred.... 40
Colo Fuel <fc Iron.. »«i 151 and........ 08%
Preferred......... 70 RonieWat&o«dea.llßV a
Cotton 0.1 Cer;.... 12 |St Let * W ...... .'_4
Commercial Cable. 160 , Preferred 10
Del H->d50n........125y Paul. 74S/ 8
Del Lack<tWestrn. 156 Preferred .:.:.. *0 -
Deliver* KG...... W si Paul ADulutb.. 18
Preferred......... 43 Preierr-U "..;.7»i;
Distillers....'..' St Paul 4 Oman*.. 45%
General Electric. . . ;M , Pref e rred. ........ 1 31
vri«' ---»■-- .... IB Stf.M&if 112
Preferred"' .... 34 Silver Certificates. 63%
(Fo«Wayne!.'..'.::l«o Southern Pacific. 16V*
Great Northern Dfail9 southern X B 10
. ™en liar. ..... V* Preferred.......... Zo'/i
V< arl?m : . WO VS Sugar 1 Winery .... 11 6%
'iocki™2cbai.'" 6" ftrterri i«'iJ4
JioSkint' -Valley.". . . 18%;TeDn Coil <S Iron. . - 87«
lirtmpßtnke ' 35 j Preferred »0
A: Texas Central Texas Pucitic - .«%;
Illinois Central.... 98; Itoi AA * N Mich.— ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1898.
lowa Central .* 7%T0l Ohio <fe Central 20
PrelerreJ 17V fl l Preferred......:.. 60
Kansas <b Texas... l:-l/ 4 Tol st Louis &X O 6
Preferred 18%' Preferred 16
Kingston & Perm.. X.- it'nion Pac flc 9%
Lake Erie & Westn 18VjUPDen«tGulf.... -
Pretrrred......... 70 V S Cordage. 6%
Lake Shore. 15*1/2 Preferred :.."; 11
National 1ead..... 24V 2 r Guaranteed ...... 22%
Preferred ;...>B'»/ 8 C S Express....... 40
L0nK151an.1. ....... 47 U s Leather ?Vs
Louisville & Nash. 49% Preferred 61y 4
Louisviiie.N Albny 1/4! 0 s Rubber........ 2434
Preferred... ' 114 Preferred SO*/*
Manhattan C0n.... 95u,Utlca& I. River. ..160
Memphis & Charts 15 iWab SL & Pacific, f/ B
Mexican Centra... 7Va' Preferred 168/»
Michigan Central.. 9:1 ,\Vells-Far^o ...... 96
Mlnn&SL Western Union.... 861/,
i Frefeir.d.. Wisionsin Central. 2Vi
Minn &st L com.. 19 Wheeling <& LE... 8
Ist preferred 76 | Preferred SO
2dDref?rred...... 47% Am C»itonOll pfd. 61
Missouri Pacific... 21 WU 8eef..... - 6
Mobile i ( hio 21 Ann Arbor 9
Nashville iSsc bait. b7Vi Preferred .....23
National Linseed.. 14Vs Brooklyn Traction. 19Va
N J Central ...102y t '..Tie 2d pfd.. :...... 20
Norfolk & Westrn. 10 Vo American Spirits.. lVi%
Preferred : 16 ,1 Preferred 29
closiso eoniiS.
Ala Class A 4*...:104 Northern Pac lsts.HsV a
Do Class B 4, 65.1U3 D02d«... H7Va
Alabama, class C. 94 Do 3.15. 79'".
Atrhison 4s 79Vb consol 5s 541/4
Do lids A 4 - J<y*i Or lmprovmnl Ist. 89%
Canada Sou h '.>.!5. 1051/*! D 065...... 20
Cen lac Ist* of '3 >-< R — N 1515.......H3y a
Cherokee 1896.103 Do consol 5s. ....—
Do 1897 :....102 Or Short Line 65... 11 l
D0189K... 102- Do consol 5s «8
D 01899 102 Pacific 6s '97.... 9BVa
dies & Ohio 55... .108 Phlla A Reading 4s 81 V a
Cli&N PTr Rets 6s 41% Do Ist pfd lncom. 4&3/ 4
D C 3-665. 109 V* X anile West lsts 75%
Den &X G Ist 110 St L<fclronMtOenss 74
Do 4s y* St L & F Gen 65..111
Eri^2ds 81 Paul C0n5015....! 30
FtW&DenCity lsts «5 <t PC& Pa lsts :.118
ti H&8 a6s 91 So Carolina 41/5*...
Do2d7s.. ;■;.-. 93 Southern It I'.bs... 92
Gen ElecDebss... 91% Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107.
H & Tex Cent 55.. Term new 35....... 80
Do con 65.... 100% Texas Pac 15t5..... 85%
lowa Centralists.. 97 I'axa.i Pac '-Mi 21
Kansas Pa Consols 69 Union Fac-lsis 96.102%
K*]'a lsts Den DivU4y a UH reg of 1925.120V 8
LaCousol 45........ 9tf ] Do 4s, coupon... ll:OVg
Missouri fundlnst...- D S 4=< reg of 1007. 109
M KT-.'ds 69 Do4s. coupon 110%
Do 4s 82 Do 2s 95V 2
llobi.e A Ohio 45.. 68% Do f,s, reg 113%
Mutual Union 65. .11 l ' Do ss. coupon 113%
N J Cent Gen 55.. .1:8% Va funding aeot... 61
NYC* St Louis 48lO3'« / g| Do registered
> or i West Gen 6sl 20 Do deferred 65. . . 5^
N Caro.lna con 4s. 102 Do trust rc]>ts:pd 7 :
DotSs 122 Wabashlst6s 100 y 4
Northwe3:Consols. l^Mi/ji'West. Shore 45.. 07 ■
Do deb 5s 108 1
FOKKIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOI.
IJVERPOOu i-KG., Dec. 12.— spot market
Ik firm at 7s 3d@7s 4d. Cargoes firm at 35s 5d,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool , quotations . for No. 2 Red Winter:
December, tis 7Vad; January, 6s HVsd; February,
6s b%d; March, tis9d.
SECUKITIKS.
LONDON, KNB.. Dec. 12.— Consols, 112 1-16: sil
ver, 30d; French Rentes. 103f 20a Bullion out of
Bank ot England, £18.000.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 8414
Sterling Exchange, hlght — ■ 4 S7y«
Sterling Cables. — . 4 88 *
New York Exchange, sight... — 04
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ■ 10
Fine silver, %4 ounce — > e53/ 8
ilexkau Dollurb 61% 6*
PRODUCE MARKET.
. WHEAT AM> OTUEE GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Ladas takes for Cork 49,577 ctls.
valued at $70,576.
Futures advanced sharply in sympathy with a
rise at Chicago. Spot prices were ucchanged.
Quoted at $1 42V<2@1 45 f, ctl for common grades,
»1 47%@i to for average No. 1, tX 62 V a for choice
and t, I &s@l 60 %< c:l tor extra choice 11 milling.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Skssion— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo
ctls, $1 »t>3/ a: 4000, $1 06%; 8000, $1 su»/j:
18.000, $1 fttiVv * • , .:.... ...
Skcond Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 bHV2'.
2000. $1 b&Bf'.: 8000. $1 56^i; 6000, $1 667/ 8 :
10.COO. $1 57: 18,000, $1 67V«. .
Kkgvlak JIOKMSn SKBSION— May— 12,000 ctls,
$157»/i; 8000, $1 67%! 1-.000. SI 57 V ; 2000,
$1 673/ ; 6000, $1 67 1/*;1 /*; 14,000, $1 57V 8 ; 2OL'O,
$1 67.
BARLEY— Futures were firmer. Spot' prices
were unchanged. The market is quiet. We quote
Feed. 85<asHi/4C ii ctl; choice bright, STVijfe.Hic:
Brewing, 92y 2 ft£97Vic; No. 1 Chevalier, »l 10®
1 20 V cti. ' -
CALL BOARD SALES. ' . > ■■■• ■_• /
Ixformal t-hssioN— 9:l o'clock— lI ay— 6ooo
ciis. 91 %c: 2000. 9IV2C
t*KOMi skssiox— May— 6ooo ctls, 9-C: 2000,
921/sc: U',0(.0. 9.3/ac; 1000, 9*y*c.
XtKGDLAR .Voumko bKssiOK— May— Booo ctls,
92% c: 8003, 92% c.
OATS -Modera <-• demand at unchang d prices.
Whltu ra:i from *1 10 to $1 35. according to
quality. Black, tor ieei!, £oc@sl 06: for seed,
$1 ?o®l 35; Gray, nominal; Red, »i@l 10: bur
prise, $1 SUCcpl 60. ,
CORN— Very little trading. Large Yellow, 80@
BS*4c -e> ctl; Small Round do, $1 ctl: White.
85(a,H7VaC if> ctl. ,"■- - •
JtYli- Is lower and neglected at 95c 4$ I's ctL.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 15@1 30 $ ctl.
FLOUR AND J.II.LSTUFF*.
. FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras $SC3S 10: leakers' extras, $190@5; super
fine. 54 1."@4 SO bhl. " .
COKXJliaii. ETC.— Feed Corn, f IS@l9 9 ton;
Cracked Corn. $I9itf>2o $ ton. .
M.liiLSTUFJPa— Prices in sacks nre as follows,
usual discount to tin- irade: (iruiiatn Flour, $2 85
■$ 100, lbs: Rye Flour.' « 275 100 lbs; Rice four.
$5 75: Cornnv-al, $- 35; extri cream do. $3;
oatmeal. $3 50; Oat GroaU, $4: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30; Buck heat Flour, $3 : 5(a,:; 60: Cracked
Wheat. s3 50: bail a, $4: Whole Wheat Flour.
$8; Reined Oats (bD!s). «6@tf 40. Pearl Barley.
$3 75@4; Split- Peas; $3 50; Greeu do, $4 2 i 3
100 it*.
HAY A.NI> JTIiKUSTUFFS.
Hay, Bran and Middlings are all quoted quiet at
stichanged prices.
BRAN-914<5'.4 50 for the best and $13@13 50
7 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— for lower grades and
920@21 %< ton for the best. -.<;.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 919 50O20;
Oilcake Meal at tbo mill, 926 50 1* ton; Jobbing,
9*^7 60: clipped Oats. *1 50 > ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, (B*7
10; Oat. *6@9; Barley. $7@B 60; River Barley.
Ss@6 50: Al alfa. !fG@7'6o: compressed, 96@
9 60; stock. Ss@6: Clover, *6@S %4 too. .
B'l'KaW— 3s©soc V bale.  .. . ■ -.!\ : --,v;
BEANS ANIi SE£D3.
Mustard Seed is dull, but. steady. There is
nothing doing In Beans.
KEANS-Bayos,9l4o@l 60: Small Whites. 9l 16
@1 S5 ■$ ctl; I.arse Whites, $1 10@l 25 -fi ctl;
>'lnts, $1 OS@l 20: Reds. $1 20@l 30: Blackeye,
H'<ll 20; lu-<1 Kidney; f-' 86:* Limos, $1 75(^2;
Butlers, 91 25@1 SU-. Pea, 91 25@1 4 J.
SKKDS— Brown Mustard, 76@3: Yellow Mus
tard. 92 10@'J 25 '# ctl: Flux, 91 3ofol 40: Canary
Seed, 2%@'^%c .1* Ib; Alfaiia, 4@6i/2C: Itape,
21/2°: Hemp. ayoC. ' ;—; — • . " ■
DRIKD l'KAs-Xiles. $I@l 16 V ctl; Green, .
91 40@l 60 f» ctl. __
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firm. Onions are higher and choice
are scarce. No particular change In Vegetables.
POT AT OK s— Sweet Potatoes, 75c@91 25; Karly
Rose. 60@60c: River Jteds, 4&W&0c; Burbank
Seedlings, 25@40c "& ctl for Riven' aud 50c@91 for
fc-nllnri.
ONIoJSS-4C(S6oc^ctl. •
VKGKTABI.E«— Los Anceles Plant quot
able at 10c '$. Ib: Mushrooms, &@lsc «* It, lutter
figure for buttons: Marrowfat Squash. !?-i@6 '$
ton; Tomatoes, 2S@6.*>c V box; Los Anpeles Tom
atoes, »l@l i 5 & bo»: Dried Peppers, 7@Bc Vlb;
Green Peas, 6(abc > lb; Sti-ing Beans. :-:&sc 'ji Ib: ;
Los Angeles String IVans, 7(3)8c: Dried Ukra. 8@
9': ft tb; Cabbage, 40@)&0c "H ell; Carrot, 30&1UC
> sack; oariic, iy 2 @2c © i ... _ '
' BUTTER, • CUKKSE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market is . weak, but fancy
creameries bring the quotations.
Cbeamkky— 24@^5c; seconds, 22@23c
•$ lb. ■ -
: Dairy— Fane*-, 21c: cood to choice, 18@20o:
lower «r»des. 15@17y 2 r: V ID. :
; l'lCKi-KD— 16@18c lb. .
' Firkin- 16017< * Ib.
CRKAMI-RY 1 ÜB-IH(SII9C ■?> Ib.
I'HEI'.SK- storks an- small and the market is
firm. Choice mild new quotable at U@l2c lb:
common to good old, t-@10c; Cream Cheddar, Ij@
12c: Youn:; America, 1 1 VaCdl2V^c: Western, 11 Va
1 @]2y s c: Kastern, 12y 2 (O(i;-iy a c V tb.
EGGS— Are no lower, out quiet 'and easy. East
ern, 24@i!tic V doz for fancyand 21@22c for cold
siora^e; ranch KKgs, 27Vi'SS'-Bc tor small and
medium and So@3Jc for latney; (tore Kgssi
25c: Duck Eggs, 26c.
rOULIKV AND GAMK.
POULTRY— No change beyond a further decline
in dressed Turkeys. ;; .. , .'.'..
: Live Turkeys, 12@13c fi tti for Gobblers, 12@13c
« !b for Hens: Dressed Turke. s, 12y @14c; Geese;
V pair, 91 6tiflt'.;: Htm Ings. $1 60@2; . Ducks, *4(&5
lor old and 94 50@5,60 for young; Hens, $3 60
@5: Roosters, young, Bt'®4 60; no, old. 94:
Fryers, $3 2i&3 00: Broilers, $3 25@3 60 for
large and $- i.5@3 for small: Pigeons,- fl 26®
1 60 %» dozen for youns 75c®$l for old. - r --
•-•AAih;— Better p,-ics were o.iained as a rule.
Quail. 91@1 25: Mallard, 6004: iauvasbi!Ck,«3
©10: Spng, ?2; Teal, 9l 25®1 &0; Widaeon, 91 60;
small i'UCk. $I@l. "2 ■: Kngiiuli Snipe, 91 'J">@3 50;
Jack Snipe. Hare, 91 : Kabblts, 91 25@i 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for small: (irav Geese, 93;
WhUe ue«se, $I@l '.6; Brain, $1 50@l 75; Honk
ers. 94@4 60 V dozen. :.; /
UKCIUUOCS AND CITKC3 FKUITS.
, ORCHARD FRUITS— ■■
All kinds are quiet and unchanged. ;, * ._-.•;,. ■ ■
Apples. 7e@9«.c box} for choice. 91 for fancy
Re \ 85@o'5cior common; Eastern, $vi@3 60. bbl.
•'Pears, 50c@$l V box: V^ inter Kellla, 91 25. -.
> Persimmons, 25©76 c » box. ' . ; :
■|> t" T> TO TUC
Cranberries from Capo Cod, $7 50@8 60 bbl;
from Coos Bay. $2 26@2 50 ?» box.
■> GRAPES— 4l'@b"sc -f, box. Grapes in crates bring
10@15e more than boxes. ' "■■
•CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges continue to de
cline. Mandarin Oranges are < Q»''t»l»e « 7^''®
£1 lb a box; Navel oranges. Vi 25@3 ip « box:
Seedling*," «1 2B@l 75: Lemons, $I@l 50 for com
mon^nn #2@2 5l» box for K ood to choice: Mexi
can Limes. *-ifcj4 50; -California Limes, i>o@76c:
Bananas, V bunch : Pineapple. $J,*4 V doz.
DRIED FRUITS, B AISINS, NUTS. ETC.
; DRIKn FRUITS-
Dealers expect the market to remain dull until
after th • turn of the year.
Quotations on the ■ Fruit ~ Exchange areas fol
lows: ; . .
■> Carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for Royals and UJ^<ai2c ' for choice to fancy
Woorparks; Prunes, :-,V«c for the 4 sizes: Peaches,
4(a6vijC for prime to choice, «y s @7c for fancy and
9(a(iOcfor peeled in boxes; Apples, 53/ 4 %> Ib for
evaporated and 2@2VaC for sun-dr.ed; Pears. 2y 8
®5c for prime to choice, 4@sVic for quarters and
gr*6Mjc for halves; P. urns. 4c lor pitted aI;a I; iy c
tor uupitted; Nectarines, 3Va®4y»c for choice and
5y 3 c tor taiicy; White Figs. 3c: Blact Figs, 2Vi
©'iiAc. ' ■•■ " '* '" .". . _i ■ : ■ '-•
Jobbing PBicKS-Per.chei. 4%@6VaO * Ib;
fancy, (3V a @7^!C^rb: peeled, Is Vie » & ; Apri
cots, «V»@9-- V «>: fancy, 10c; Moorpnrks. 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, - 8 /* c: sun-dried, 2» / i@3c:
Prunes, 3»/4@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, ac for
impressed and 3@3Vbc for pressed: white Figs,
4c: Plums, 4%@&c- for Pitted , and iy a c for on
pitted- Nectarines, 4@Bc # lb for prime to , lancy:
pears. 'lV»(tiii>c for whole, 4Vs@5VsC lor quarters
and 4V2@6VaC lor halves. ' -.
KAI-1.5.--— -•
t:> ri.oa d Pricks— Four-crown loose. 5%c ; three
crown. 48/8 C V It): two-crown. 88/30 "t* ib: seed
less Sultanas. syac; seedless Muscatels, 48/gc; 3
crown London layei-s. 16; clusters, 41 50:
Dehi's.i clusters. $2 50; Imperial clusters, $3:
dried Grapes," 3c $ lb. ■ ■.-
Jobbing Pricks— San Fbakcisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6S4c: 3-crovvn, 43,4 c: 2-crown, 33/ic; seedless
Sultanas. 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 4 Vie; 8-crowu
London layers, 25; clusters, $1 60; Dehesa
clusters, *2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 26. ' - -
> NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at, h@loc: Walnuts.
6V2@7c f» •Ib - for s.andar.'. • and 9@9i/ 2 c ¥lb
for softshell: AlmonOs. ti@6y 3 c for Lan?uedoc,
3@:-iV-»c for hardshell and b&ttc tor paper
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Eastern and 4c for
California; Hickory Nuts, t 5@150 * Ib: Pecans,
7-V2(<ißc 'S Ib; filberts, - 7V2@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7i'«&Bc; cocoannu, 4@sc^ 100.
H./.VEY-('omb, lt<#l2y a c forbrleht and s@9c
for lower, grades: .water- whit* extracted, s(ssy c:
light amber extracted, 4y a ffi4.s / if; cark amber, 4@
4y 2 c; dark, 2@3c %• lb. • : -■■
BEiiSWAX-23®J00 ii !b.
Pit O VISIONS.
Prevlrus prices rule, with a quiet market.
CURED = MKATS— Bacon, 6c tft Ib for heavy, 7C
¥ Ib i for light medium. 9y a c for light. 10c ■$ Ib for
extra light 'and ll%c 18 lb for sugar-cured. Kast
ern sugar-cured iianjs. '13@13%c: California
hams, liMll^rCl Mess Beef. #7@7 60: extra
mess do. $B@H 50; family do, $9 60® 10; extra
prime PorK, $7 50©8: " extra clear, $16 |l bbi;
mess, $14 fi bbl: Smoked Beef. 10c.%* lb.
LA RD— Eastern, tierces, is quoted at 6 Vic for
compound and 6@6%c for pure; palls, 7c: Cali
fornia- tierces, 5@6%c V tb for compound and 6iAc
for pure: halt-bbls, b»/ic; 10-lb Una. 7V*c; do 5-Ib,
7 Vie ft lb.
COTiOi.ENE— 6@6Vac in tierces and 7si@sy 8
lv 10-lb tins. ...-■■ ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Weak and dull. Heavy
sailed steers, 8c; culls and brands, 7c; medium,
7c: culls ana brands, (5c * tt>; il«ht. 6c %* tb: culls
aud brands. be; . Cowhides, 6<g,t>Vsc; calls ana
brands,- D@sV 2 c; salted K.p, G(di7c; salted Calf.
7@8o; sailed Veal, t>@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c * !b:
culls and brands. &(<nuc: dry Kip and Veal. 10c:
culls, 8c %* lb; orv Calf, 15c; culls. 10c; Goatskins,
: @3sc each; Kids, 3c; Deerskins, goo I summer,
'.'o(a,2sc B>; medium. 15@20c; winter: 7(&9c;
M.cepskins, gnearllnes. 10@i5c each: shun wool,
'io@3Sc each; medium, 40(3ii>0c each; long wools,
6. (gSBOc each. ■ • .
l ALLOW— Xo. 1. rendered, Sc; No. 2, '^c *
lb: refined. Be: Grease. 2c lb.
WOOL — We quote Fall Wool as fo lows: Hum
boldt an 1 Menoodno. H(£oe; free northern, 7^2<ak
■BVi c > middle coun:les, free. 6y 2 (a7c; do. defective,
4i'2^6c; San Joaquin, S@Sc; do. foothill, S@7c;
>.a»iern < regon spring- 7yj@Sc; Valley Oregon,
HV2@l2V2c; do; fail and Inmbs', ll@ll%c. 
Huf s-— still weaker at 6@Bc lair 10 choice and 9
@10c %>. tb for fancy. • »;i • ■
Oh.VKIUI. MKKUIANDISK.
BAGS— Calcutta.' Gram Bass, spot, . hither at
/4 c; next season's 1 dell very, 4y s c. Wool Bags,
24y 2 fs2By 2 c - ■»;
COAL -Wellington, f 8 * ton: New Wellington,
$8 »» ton; southfield Welllncton. r57 50 ~<s ton;
Seattle, fa 60(^U; Bryant, 5#5 50: Coos Bay, *5;
Wii.is nil. Scotch, 1 ; Brymoo, : Cum
berland, $13 y. ton in bulk and $14 in sks: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Ejcr, 811@!18 V ton; Welsh An
thracite, 88@10: fennel, 88(ft8 60; Hock springs.
UaßtleGate am: ■ Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
?llC4iain bulk and $13 ton In sks
CANNED SALMON— The Alaska Packers' An
eocintlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c > dozen; 50.000 cases, 92W.C
t< dozen: 76,000 cases, 90c * dozeu, net cash. f. o.
b. ex-shlp. ( ■-i; 1 ■«•..■•,.-■.■■.■•"•..* .■■,-. >r ■
SUGAU— Western Sugar Heflnlne Company
quotes, term.-* net - «*•— l -Cuba- «iKi; t!#u*heri, «c:
Powder»rl, sVa'': Fine Crushed. 6c; Dry.-Or»nu
lated, 4%c: Confectioner*' A, 4v'B c: Magnolia. A.
4 y c: Kxira C, *8/ B c;.Uolden C, -.Vie: half barrels
i/ie more in.lll o.ut< -is, and boxes V2 C more. ". ;.,
SAN URAH CISCO Ml-; AT MAKKET,
Wholesale rates. for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .. . ■, . ; .','.%■*'
BEK.F— First quality, sVa©6c: second do, 4%@
sc: third do, 3Vis@4c 1* Ib. •
VKAL— Large, 4 »/ £ ©sc; small, 6@70 9 Ib.
MU'lTON— Withers, 6c; Ewes, 6J^o %i Ib. ."
LAMB-7C 3 lb.
- PORK— Live Hops, 3V B @^i4c fi lb for large and
medium and itJ h (a,'A l Ac lur small; dteased do, 41^
(»6V4C )t It). .' -■ - ;i- ■: .'«;V
B£CEIFTS OF PBODUCS
. f -. • . ■ ,f . row 24 HOURS. . .
Flrmr. »"• «lc^ ..',-■ 5,668 Butter, ct15...... . »
Orecon ...... 10,895* Cheese, ct15... .-.. ' : 60
Washington... 6 517 i Kkk"« aon ....... 6,46)
>Vlii-h . *;..».. ....'43,8.'3 Uldei. no .430
Oregon 2,3'!5! Pelts, bdls 276
"Washington..." 6.915 Wine. .'..... 63,900
Farley, cits ..*..,. 11,895 Wool, bis ...... ■ 46
Oats, ctl* V.....' : -670 0reg0n........; ■ 136
Washington... 14.638 l.eiutier, r0115,... . Xiv
Beans. »«*.„..« 1 006 Tallow. ctls.. .... .8
Potatoes, 5k5....' 3,320 Sugar, bbls >. ' 3.303
Oregon t>s] Raisins, ooxe».. 1,425 :
Onions, 5c5:.....' 654 Utiicksllver.fWlci . 97
Bran, »k» ....... 2,73 a Paper, reams ... 1,800
Oregon, sks.... S.'-'O >l Alfalfa Seed, ski ' 40
Middlings, siu.... ~ 1,205: Broom Corn, bu. 2f>2
Hay, tons ....... 2311 Lumber. SLtat-. . 60
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a further slight shrinkage In mining
stocks yesterday, completing a disastrous week.
The decUfie for the six days was 67c In Chollar,
;0c In Con. Cal. «vVa,l2oln Best & Belcher,
Crown Point and Oi hir. 21c in Hotoai and lCc in
Savage.
a lelegram received at the office of the Consoli
dated California and Virginia Mining Company
y Ps . er( l a y announces that the outj.ut of or^ from
the winze this week amounted to only 24 tons, of
the average e.ssav valu>: of $28 r>2 per ton. The
output for the prevloui week had been 74 tons, of
the average üßnay value of $S0 61 per ton. It Is
officially stae! that a rrdu<tion of thirteen
m ir.erj was lately made in the working force of
the mine.
- At a meeting of the stockholders of the Standard
Consolidated Mining Company yesterday the con
solidation of the .Standard, Bodle.'Mono, Bulwer
and Summit mines of Bodie District was finally
completed. The representation of Standard Con
solidated was. over 67.600 shares, and the acts of
the directors were fully ratified. The new company
will contain, 2oo,ooo shares, of which the old
Standatd Con. stockholders will receive on* share
for each share of < the old. Tue Bowie Con. stock
holders will receive one share of .the new for two
of the old: Bulwer Consolidated, one of the new
for three of the old: and iiouo, one of the new for
six of the old. There will be :::, 576 shares of the
new stock -revalued in the treasury, ;o be *o:d if
necessu-y; to provide money for any contingency
that may arise while improving and developing
the company's property. ■ The officers of the new
company will be: P. N. Llllenthal, president : N.
\Ves:helmer, first vice-president; \v. H. Oscanyan,
se ond vice-president: J. M. Pow,' secretary; R.
U. Brown, general munager at Bodle.
The Alaska Packers' Association's dividend of
75 cents per share will be paid to-morrow. ' '
■ The Gas Vot.'suiners' Association will pay a divi
dend of 15 cents per share on Tuesday —
' The Han Francisco Gas Li^ht Company has de
clared. B/monthlP dividend of 3d tuuts per share,
payable December 15. .
The Edison Light and Power Company has de
clared, a monthly dividend of 66% c per share,
payable December, 15. .
- The unset, and Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay monthly dividends of
25 and 10 cents per share, respectively, on De
cember 16. ...,;■ -V
Following Are the 1 Highest Prices Dur
-■■■;.- ■-' ing the P»St Week. '
HTOCK.
MOD.
Tue*.
•Of
r. 06
v
3u
64
63
' 12
• 81:
Ob
2fc
1.85
1.40
70
• 20
««]
94
4.
" li
•1.00
C 06
. 14
" 71;
"■ 41
: 11
41
8*
.-'OS
• 80
|WM.|
|Tj, n .|
*TI.
I tsau
Alpha ...*.
Alta;; :.„.;..-..
Amies ........
8e1cher.........:.
Best A Belchar.
80die..;...
Bullion," .'...».:.•-
Bnlwer. .', ,.'..... .
Caledonia
Challenge :.'.."..
Choliar. .._;.....
Con. Cal. A Vo. .
Confidence.......
Crown I'olat
Gould & Curry.
Hale <t -Norcron
Mexican:."..:. „
Mono .V.'.'. .. .'." . '. -
Opbir ...•.:.;-.
Overman ....
Occidental ......
I'otoai ..:..:. ;..:
Savaae ; . .•*..; . .;.
Beg. Belcher
Kierrjv Nevada.'.
Union..'.'. 1 :.'.'.'.;;.'
Uuii m , v ,
yellow Jacket-
> 09
05
18
31
6-
-51
% ia
8-
.06
31
1.46
1.3.>
70
■ •21
41.4 1 .
99
43
-.If.
1.00
if,
* It*
7 2
40
It.
40
• Si
It OB
2U
08
14
la
3b
' 57
62
• 10
36
Ok
27
1.00
1.10
75
20
33
■. f'-'
4.
16
94
v;
. 33
67
32
' .11.
: 40
■ »>•
04
29
' : 07
04
11 l
M
60
6)
13
86
0-
•-:«
97
1.1
lh
ss
f)4
■4;
16
9i-
Or
IT
." 54
.:. Si-
ll
-40
41
> 05
28
; '." 09
04
33
31
64
33
- 10
37
<;8
27
84
1.05
76
15
HO
04
41
It
08
06
Vi
:. 49
' 31
•09
89
' 40
-04
26
,07
03
11
'28
61
6-2
: OK
fa 7
08
'11
78
1.05
71
16
, Ji<>
i 9-'
! .-. 40
16
HH
04
: > 11
61
20
09
40
; 8S
14
I S 2 <*
I'.OAi II SALIiS.
... ■ .^. .--. -, • -- _ wmi ____ • .— - . j. .
"/■otiCTriTut «■«» the •— — « in the San Francisco
Ptexrk PoaM yesterday: .'.y, '..*'.
RKSri.AR MO»N1X(» PFMIflf. '"' > VVir'VeT'»'» 9:30.
160 A1pbK.....07 G A C.....29 10!) Ophlr.. 88
200 Beicner.... 28 400 .......... 31) .'OO .... ... 87
100 B &8....:61200 HdcJN 9 10J Potost." 51
700Cbi1ar....,74 100 .............92 700 ..... ""iO
200 CC<fcV..l.ob 301) Mexcn.....Sß 300 -ava=e" 30
300 .......... 1. IK) 100 Occldtl>..li 10J V JacK«t..2S
200C0nf1......71 '_v_ : • •-: '\, .■:..•- '..
lollowlne —ere ib «>*-«-» lii'iUa racilic stock
lt*.ic jesierday: ;-■;':
400 Alpha.. ~. 081500 C Imp '....01 1000 Ovrmn..o4
200 A1t*.."..'.. 04 500 ConN V...01 100) PotoU .47
250 Andes.... 12160U c P0int.. .17 1200 .......;..48
800 8e1cher. ..29 200 Isxcnqr ...01 400 ... . 49
650 BAB.. 51 700 <fcC......i!9 700 ... '50
100 80d1e.....63i00 2!? .0> bavaite 30
200 1;u11i0ii....09 91 500 Scorpion 03
100 Bulwer. ..Kf 600 Ju1ia..... .08 200 88AA1....10
3UO Calf-da.. . .0-jv!0O Justice. ...Ob 10J fc>Nev..37V-.
200 Cha11Ke...27 300 Kentuck..O2 100 ... .... 38
500 Ch011ar... 76 500 L Wash.. .ol 100 .. .«9
600 ....76 300 Mexican ..3F 200 Bil Hi 11.... 01
300 > 77 100 Mono ....17 200 02
400 .78 40'J occ(dtl_..ll JOJ Union....
200 74 101) 0phir.....87 :00 37
450 CC&V.. 1.00 100 2 40J U_n 04
700 ..1.02% 400 8b 200 VjnoJS^.,26
100 conn.... 200..... ..BU4OO ....;. .....27
CIOMM, QUOTATIONS.
> . BATUJIDAV, Dec. 12 -12 x.
- { jut. Aik til. -i-irr: Mid. A
Alpha 0m.'... ° 7 OH Jackson a* 40
Alt*. 03 04iD11».;,, — U6
Andes. 11 1". Justice. 04 05
Belcher 27 2>s Kemuclc...... — 02
£est & Helcusr 49 51 l.ady Wasu..,. — 13
Benton C0n...." '— It Mexican.;..... * J. 9 40
Bodie 62 —M0n0.......... I<> ' —
8u11i0n........ 08 09 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer. ....... 37 — Occidental..... 09 10
Caledonia...... 08 Ofi <)phir 86 87
Chollar. 78 77 Overman. 04 05
Con.Cal£Va...l.Oo 1.05 t'otosl 48 49
Challenge Con. 25 26 >avace. ........ '29 30
Con. imperial. — 11 scorpion „ — 04
Con tide nee.... 70 I'a -eg. Belctiar... 09 10
Con New Yor< — f* syndicate. .... — . 03
Crown Point... 15 16 silver llill — 12
EastSlerraNar — 14 Sierra Nevad* ,:; 39 ', 40
j-.ureka Con... 25 — UnlouUou..... 37 ' 38
Exchequer — t^Uiaii... 04 05
oouia & curry. 28 29 1 eituvv j*c**> 25 215
tikitik^vrcrt, 90 U.
GOLD Ml^JNt. JCXCHA\O3,
100 Lock wood Con . i"5
100 .Sava:iiiiiU .....r. 43
b-lOCK. AKU BONO 1-XIII.INGE.
SATURDAY. Dec 12-10:30 A. M.
LJtJUM STATES BONDS.'.
titLA\ktU. SlrL jlttced.
V S4s coup. 110 - a S4sres...ioa HOi/4
Do new issuei2o —{'
MIHCKI.LANKOrM -noVIM.
Cal-stCble6s. 110x4 — Omnibus 65..119 119y 2
Cal Elec L — Pacßoll — —
(. ntiaCXV (is »2y 67V2 Do 2d is 65... — —
Dpnt-stex-cp — H7B/-paoßytis. — 116
tdsnL&P 63126 IKO P&Chßy6s. — 12
FACHRRBS - 106 Pwl-st RR 65112 IIS
Gearv-st RSsIOO 103 Heno,WL&L — 105
H <:&■» 5 Vb I*.1*. 103 —■" facto PA L. - 100
LosAiigL6» — 100 SFANPRS'..IOO 100%
DoOnteed 6s — 101- *PRKAriz6s 94 96
Mkt-stCbie6sl23 < — spßßCalds.llo —
Doßyton Os 105%106V4;5lJRR'albs. — 100
NatVln6s3st — 100 - -PBrRCal63. 97 —
NevC.\gß7s.loo : — SV\Vater63.llßi4ll9
NPC RRBS.IOOV4IOS :sV\Va«r4<<. 99 99ya
NKyCal6s.loo StktnG&E Hi — 102
NRy cal ss. — P5 |>unst'l <fe 16s. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 »utter-stßss.!o9/i —
Do 2d Is 55...106y 3 l Vis»aiaWC6s - —
.-. WITKB STOCKS
Contra Costa 29 — |San Jose,'...'' — —
MarlnCo..... 49 —. |Sprng Valley 87y 3 97% J
GAS STOCKS. !
Capital — 85 Pacific Light — 49
Central.. 95 — SanFrancsco 97% 9S^4
Oak L& H 53% — Stockton — 20
Facias Imp 81) 90 |
. ■ <* JNSOBANCK BTDCKJ.
Fireman'sFdl6s — |Sun..'.; — — -.>
i Ct'iMEBCIAL BANK BTOOK*. . ■ ■':
Amerß&TC. — — Lo:iUonl'& A.123 —
Anglo-Ca1.... 54 69 LondoiufcSF. ■ — 30
Bank of Ca1..238y 2 240 Merch Ex.... li —
Cal !-D«fcTColUs 1)0 {Nevada — —
First NalionllßlValß6 jsather Co. — —
VINOS BANK STOCK!.
vLCo..I4UO 1500 IBav&loan.. — 105
HumbS&L.llOO — Security...... 250  —
Mutual — 42 Union Trust.77o'"-—"''.:
Sl-sav Union — 500 |  ■:■',
BTBKKr BAILROAn RTOOK*.
California....lo7 110 Oak SL.tllay — 100
Geary st — 60 Preside..... 6% —
Market-st 448/ 8 44y3]Sutter-5t.,... — —
I'jWlitli STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — — iQiaiitCon....'; 18 18y
Kastern D.... 74% - Uudion D.... — —
California.... 70' 100 1V1g0r1t....... — 85c
- MISCELLANEOUS STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 99 — NatVlnCo..: 6 9
BlkDCoalCo. — — I ceanlcSSCo 20 „ 23
Cat Cot MUM — — PacAuxKA.—- 4
Edison LIK&U26 laeyj I'acßoraxCo.' 96 —
Gasi'onAsin. — — Pac Roll Mill ■.■ — -." — ■
(ierLeitdCo. 80 100 Parf PalntCo — .7
HawC&bCo.. 17% 18 PacTransCo. — —
iHiUihSPLo 247/ 8 25- I'wTi'l'lU — ..-.— .
MerExAssn.. — 110 Sunset TAT. — . —
M t:lec Light. 6 :8 United CCo.: — —
' .;• • . ; CALKS — UOHHl2i<* UittUXOjf. '
roarii— ':'•'' '■'•', -, ._.".-. .'. ..,. .' .- •
50 Market-st Rai1way........ ..: - 44 25
3D «F uaslighl... :....... 98 00 ,
36 S V Water........ b7 50 .'
Street— - • ' ' ■ X .'■ *: :, ■■ ••■ ■ : '
100 HutchinsonSPCo......." ;...> 26 00 !
- 10 s FUaslieht........: ......../..••■ 88 . 0
96000 S P Branch Railway Bonds '97 25 :
95000 do do ...97 00
1
'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick Lynch to Mary A. Lynch, lot on 8 line
of McAllister street, 192:6 W of Larkin, \V 36:8
by 8 1-0: gift.
Guitav C. and Isabel M. Gallagher to Amelia,
wife of Samuel Ostroski, lot on 8W rorner of. Pine
and Webster streets. W 27:3 by S 100; HO. v
- .■^iuion and Kachet Levine to Henry Myers, lot
on N line of Jackson street, 9J-W of .Webster, W
23 by N 79: 910. " :" '
Crocker Estate Company to James Duudas, lot
on BE corner of sunyati and Beulah streets, s 25
by X 106:3; 910.
Bernard (.onwav to John P. Cogswell, lot on SE
line of ■ Folsom street, 125 b\V of Ninth. BW 25 by
BE 95; 910. - • — .
James C. Kemp to Margaret Kemp, lot on E line
of Mission street, 50 N or fourteenth, N 25 by li
80: git. • 1
Minnie Knopf (wife of William) to Honorla
Coolte (wife or John), confirms 1618 d 26, lot on
E line of Florida street, 110 8 of Twenty-first, a
25 by 100: 9 .
Catherine and Henry Foye ■ and George M. Wil
son (by F. M, Thai, commissioner) to Lucius L.
Solomons, lot on > line of Day street, 30 Eof
Church, X 25 by S 114; 8500.
Uomeseekexs' Loan Association to Martin and
Katie Coiicannon. lot on NE corner of Elizabeth
and lin 1110. streets. N2sby E i 00: $1. '- ' -
Giuseppe Orcese to As>unta Oicese. undivided
half of lot on 8 line of Greenwich street and NE of
Montgomery avenue,. is 70:3%. B 84:5, .NW
109:10y 8; gift.
James P. Dunne to Robert P Keating, lot on E
line of Carlos street, 117:6 S of O'Farrell, 8 20 by
E6O; 910.
S. Eugene O'Rourke and Margaret Nolan ■ to
Richnrd Garne:t, lot on XX line of Fourth street,
130 N W of Mission, NW 30 by SK 80; *10..
William Wagner to Klizab»th Wagner, lot on
SW corner of Jessie aud Fourth streets, S\V 75 by
SE 30: $10.
John 1.. and Annie M. Spencer to Edward J.
Curl In?, lot on S line of Clriueiu stieet. 56 ■ W of
Fifteenth avenue, W 5o by S 100; *10. '
Willard V. and Marie L. Huntlnijion to Con
stantiaMusßruue, lot on N line of C street, 57:6
W of Ninth avenue, N 100 by \V 60; also lot on
NW corner of B street and Eleventh avenue, X
125, W 120, S 26, X 87:6, M 100, £ to beginniug;
910. . ■■'■-■'*
Solomon and Dora Gelz to Theodore J. Brown,
lot on i- line of Twenty-first avenue, 125 N of X
street, N 25 by E 120: 910.
James C. Kemp to Margaret Kemp, lot on HE
line 01 Prospect avenue, 128:4 >X of Cortland
avenue, NE 128:4 by UK 70, lots 186 to 190, Cobb
Tract; gift.'i >• ■'■"'■-•-.-'■ • -- J •" -; ■ ■
T. E. Jewell to Benjamin Bealey, lot on NE cor
ner of Ninth avenue and N street, X 100 by N
100, lot 45, block 166, Central Paik Homestead
Association; MO. ■' ' '.
( ntherlne Schmidt to Bernard Schmidt, lots 1,
2 and 3, block; 2, De loom Tract; • also property in
San Mateo County: gift. ...
B Martha A. Williams to James Williams, lots 18
and 19. block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift. ... .v *..-vyv-.'•/;
... ,; v ; AI.AMF.KA COUNTY. :
William J. Laymance, C. and Mathilda Widell
(by commissioner) to same, lot on NW line or
Kennedy street, 290 S\V of Railroad avenue, SW
30 by IN W 111.60, block A. Kennedy Tract, Eas-
Oakland: 91905. , . • -- r r
Hugh J. and L. N. Dykes to William E. Risten
part, lot on 6>E coiner of Kmerson street and hbat
tuc • avenue, E lftO by 8 100. W 155.88, N 100 16
to beginning, being lot* 1. 2, 3, block '■ D, amended
map of Newrury 'lract,'Berkeley; 10. ■■^jgSEBE
L.llie Giitely to James oately, lot on W line of
Fremont avenue, 640 KR of Fourteenth street, N
100 \V 276.14. B 100, X 276.66 tobesim-iug, being
Its 29 to ' 32, block A, Corrected Map Linda
Rosa True ,l, l iiiooklyn Township; gift. . •; '.
• diaries and! Minnie Lamer to Clans Spreckeis,
loto-i N line ' f ban Antonio avenue. 252.11 W of
St. 1 harlf-s street, .N 3H4.92, W 103.t.2, 8 150, X
16.12 MS 1. X 24:9%,"5i24.92, X 86 0%, to be
ginning, Alnmeda; also lot 30, map cf Mackinnou
and Gobrman 1 met, Brooklyn Township; also los
2, block C. Melros« Station Tract, Brooklyn iown
shp; also lot on the E-line of Highland avenue,
110 Sof Henry avenue. N 40, X 142 08. 8 40.01,
W 141.5, to beginning, being lot 4, block 8, Putnam
Trait. Brooklyn Township: 910. ... J'-A'-'T'","
. William , Wayner: to Charles F. Warner, lot on
ISW corner of Ei«litb and Campbell reels, 852
by W 85:8, being portion of lots 20 to 23, block i
626, Cassi-rly Tract, Oakland; 910. ; . ■'" •'...
-' Same to Elizabeth Wayner, beginning at a point j
62 ' feet from SW.- 1 corner of ■•'• Eighth v and
Campbell streets, S 60 by.W 85:8, being portion
of lots '-0 to 23, block b26, same, Cakland; $10. -
1B Hurry H. Sei'well to A. D. Laymance (wife of E.
M.), lot on.N corner of East. Eighteenth street and
Seventh : avenue, NE &0 by HVV 150, East Oak
land: 910.* ■■-:.■■■■;*■-' ";"•.■:■■■ 1 •■;.' ":•..- -..'..,-...-.'-.. :
■■-"A. K. Whitton to Henry O. Beatty, lot on E line
of Shattuok avenue. c 150 N of Vine street. N 30
by E 120. being lot 15, block 4, Antisell Tract,
Berkeley; SlO. . -^'■.-.. ; o.•;/''' i
- Henry U. Bontiy to Caroline R. Beals, same; $10.
'" John H. anu Laura Church to E. A. Haincs, lot
15, block A, Church Tract, Brooklyn Township;
913.' ■-.<•.! ■■ - ■■: i - ■ -■■ •-• --'• ',;■-,.:'■-'.. ■- . ■
-William Wayner to ,Elizabeth Wayner, iols 8
and 3 4,'Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; 195.;
" Rita N unes to <. orina it. Pnch co, and Augusto
F. Pacheco. all Interest in lots 1,2, 11 and 1 -.
block F, Kevise.l Plan of Town of Pleosanton,
Murray Township (trus r - deed): $10.
Jeannette r. Temple to A. J. Samuel, re-record
ot 606 d. 289, lot on X line of Chestnut street,
80:11 S of Twent> -first street, S 25 by E 10*, be
ing lot 4. bio'lt B, Map of Adeline-street Property,
Oanliind: t6'>'J.
A. J. and .vnna E. Samuel to A. Mulholland.
same. Oakland: $10.
CL S. and MisriaE. Martin to William T. Halli
day, re-record of 463 d 7 on S line ot seventh
street. 75 E of West, B 50 by is 100, Leing lots 9
and 10, block. f)7, Oakland; also all interest in
str;p of land lying to VV side of lots 9 nnd 10 and
extending to West street and being a strip 12 feet
in wi.th next and xdjoiiiinz lot 9 aud running to a
widtii (if about 3 fett fronting on Wtst street, Oak
land: $10.
Paul B. Stiller to Melita stiller, lot on X line of
Kirkham street, 110:2 >' of Eighth, -N 25 by E
j 15, block 55c, Oakiaid; also personal prop
erty: fl.
Mountain View Cemetery Assoc'ation to Mar-
Karetha'-chwerdt. ljt 89 in plst 36, MountiUq
View Cemetery, Oakland lownship; $157.
Eliza I>. li;irl;e:t to Mar\- K. Mcvlurray, lots 15.
26 and 17, block D, subdivision of olock D aad
portion of block F. levised map of ProspectH.il
Tract, i.rooklyu Township: $io.
Mary L. McMurray to Fliz:v v. Barf.e.t, lot 6,
block 22, Warner Tract, Biooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Marie Forst with B. I. Taylor, to erect a
two-story building nnd stable on E line of
Twentieth avenue, 120 S of Point Lobos avenue;
J. K. Kroff., architect: $3340.
James Hawkins with Frank Stein man. to erect
a two-utory building on X 1 i ti ■ -of Baker Htreet, 110
s>of Page; A. C. Lutgens, architect; $3650.
A FORTUNE FOR BREAKFAST
How de Mmsei, Moupon and Duprez
Suld a Sons;.
Some years ago three young men, all
highly gifted but improvident and un
fortunate, were walking the streets of
Paris together, penniless and hungry,
says Tit-Bits.
"What wouldn't I give for a nice break
fast?" said one of them.
"What wouldn't I give for a breakfast,
even if it weren't nice?" said another.
"Any kind of breakfast would do for
me, provided it was a breakfast!" said the
tbird.
"How much must we have with which
to g«-t our meal?" asked the first.
"We ought to have 10 francs at least."
said another.
"I have an idea! Here's a music pub
lisher. Come along !" said one.
"Sir," said he to the publisher, "we wish
to sell you a song of which one of us has
written the words and another the air;
and I will sing it, as I am the only one 01
the three who has any voice."
The music pubii-her made a grinmce.
"Well, go on. We'll see if your song is
good for anything."
•'Hum!" said the publisher at the con
chiston of the performance, "it isn't
much of a song — a simple little thing.
But I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give
you 15 franca for it."
The time young men had not expected
as much. They nanded the publisher the
manuscript, took tbe money and went off
to dine at a neighboring restaurant. The
author of the words was Alfred de Musset,
the composer Hippolite Moupon and the
singer Gilbert Duprez. The song, which
was entitled "Connaissez-vousdans Barce
lone?" had a great popularity and brought
the publisher a considerable fortune.
• — ♦— •
About 600,000 trees are annually planted
by Swedish school children under the guid
ance of their teachers.
•—• — ♦ — *
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Dkcembkr, 1896
■a.
Mo.
jTu.
1
|W.
2
Th.
3
*' r - **»■ J ■ Moon's Phases
* 6 ; jES. New Moou.
W- Dec. .4.
7
8
9
10
11 12 TjFlrs: Quarter
vJ/ l^ec. 11.
18 19 — ■
l^\ Full Moon.
VgA , Dec 19.
25 2tf _
L. /7M.ast Quarter.
Dec U7.
18
14
15
16
17
1 _'
i
20
21
22
23
24"
27
'28
29
30
31 I
OCEAN STEAMERS
r>ntc« of Departure From San Francisco.
VIKAMKK |I)KSTIXATI!IS. I HAH.3. ;.',". | PIUS.
hniVKa. .... liewport :..:.7 lUtec'l.l. 't*H\t-i-: 11
Cz rin;» ..':.' iCoosHiiy Doc a 4.1 Cam ! I'ier 8
Columbia:.. . i'onianil »...'.. Lice 14.1' I'ic.il
ABlancbard Oregon ports.. Dec 36. Spy l'ierl<
H0mer...... Yaqulna liny. Dec 15. 9am Viet '2
b«nta Konu. I ban DUtgo Decl&.Uxu IMer 11
1'0m0na. . .. . I Iluijjbo!dtßa\ Dae 15, inn l J ;er 3
City i'uebin! Vie* l'«t Snd Dec 15, Pa m Pier 0
Trncaea .... Coos 8ay...... Deo 15. 2 ■■»: I'ler -'
Arcata...... Cooa-^ay..... i«: 16.10* ii Pier 13
>'arallon \s.u«ina hay . Dec 17. BAMlltacSl
Coos 8ay.. .. Nwwporc . Dec 17. lUji i i'ler 11
Empire Oroizon ports. . Dec 17. Bra ! Pier 13
L'l:y of I'ara! Panama. Dec 18.12 MIPM as
Sia:e or Cut. j I'orUand...... Dec 19.1uam I'lar 24
Corona San D10jj0..... Deo lU.Haiu iv.-ni
China China A Japan Dec 19, Ipm|PMBS
snnol ....... Grays ilarbor Dec li». 12 v | Pier -
Walla Walla [ Vie * Pat Snu ' Dec 80, Cam Pler-r
BAII/J.'
] I'l ;k.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
>TK.\MKK | FROM , I I)UK
Costa K1ca.....'. j Departure Bay Dec 13
H0mer;......'... Coo» 8ay ..■'.............. ..Uez 13
Santa Ko.ia Dieso _ Dei 13
Aiiceßlancbard . Portland/..;........-.;.... ..Dec 13
Truckee... | Coos Bar Dec 14
Pomona ilnmbuld; Bay. i»i-c 14
Arcata Coos Bay : ..Dec 14
Karallon Van ulna 8ay ............ ..Dec 15
Coos Bay Newport ..Dec 15
Empire... ; Portland. Dec 16
Walla Walia. .. Victoria <£ Fusee, Sound ..Dec Its
State of Cat I Portland. Die 3 tJ
0rizaba. ......... Mexico ..Dec 16
Crescent, City... crescent City ........... Dec 10
Marlposa. Sydney Dec 17
NortU iorit ... ilumbo'dt Bay Dec 17
C0r0na.......... *(in Diego. Dec 17
5nn0i....... Grays Harbor Dec 17
Del None (..rays HurDor. ; Dec 19
Eureta.. ........ Newport Dec 19
Czarina .'. Coos Bay. ; .'.Dec 20
Columbia.'...... P0rt1and.......... Dec 21
Acapuico... Panama.......:... Dec 21
Mexico — ...... Victoria * Piie«t Sound Dm '.'I
■--TKAMKB
!
FltoM
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
U. P. Coast and Okodkttc Survey TidsS
Bulletin- Published by official V
.' Authority- of the WrPKRINTKNIIKNT. )
December— lß9o.
buudu ■, December 13.
Inn r1»e« 7. 18 1. M00n r!»ea
ioasets 4-62 1 Moon sen
1.09 a
Si"'"""" Feet T^ Feet '''"•'" I F*»:j : """ Fa«
5 I H\V ■, ■■ I. W !■ , H■ «v |I. W ■
a 0.66 &r* 1.54 , mm aoj STFTrTTrmrr?
L W B W L vV il VV
4 0.24 2.7 7.28 5.4 2.84 0.2 9.16 3.6
5 1.02 2.0 7.56 5.5 3.15-0.? 10. OH S7
6 1.4* 8.3 8.*22 • 6.6 3.5 V! — 0.7 11.05 39
.7 2.1:7 3.5 8.64 5.7 428 -1.0 11.55 ' 4.1
a 8.15 a.6 9.28 6.8 6.02-1.1......
' H W ■ • L W ' Ft W L W
9 0.40 4,3 4.00 3.6 10.05 5.8 ! 6.39 -1.2
Notx— ln the above exposition of the tides tb»
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence ai to lime. The second f.ru«
column gives tbe second tide of the day, the third
time, column the third tide, and toe last or rigbc
band column give* the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tb«
heigh;, am! then the number given is subtract!**
from tbe death eiven by ihe char:«-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the 'United States Hvdrographie
Office located In the Merchants Exchance 1*
maintained In Haa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
exi'rnse. ■ *jggflj6awi'i*»H^l" Jll Xl'lWJijliHliKlW'lJimi
Navigators are cordially Invited to Tlilt the
office, where complete ae:s of charts and sailing
dlreotioiis of the world are kept on ban 1 for com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can alwars be obtained regarding lights, danger*
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
. * The time : ball on top of the build on Tele
graph , Hill U hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telesraphlc signal received each dar from the
United States Naval Ob.erva'.ory at. Mare Island.
Cal. :- '.-■ -■ .. :,■•; .-r .... ?■ ,
A notice stating whether, the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. Is
published the sama day oy. the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers tue following <i»v.
- - W. a. 11UOHKS.
Lieutenant, U. & N.. In cbarg*>
- The Time Ball. ' _'
lEAXTII htpbfmibaphic offior C 8. !».. •>
. : Merchants' EICHAXSIt ... >-
: Pax Fbaxcisco. December 12, 189* )
'j Tbe i time bail ' on i TeiegraDn - Hill ; wa» aroopei
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. ai noon of the l-'U'.-i
lueridiau, or exactly at 6F. v.. Greenwich lima. -
■■ . .:'■ -■./-:.' .. ■--■'■ . ' ■:■ =. W. HuaHUS, ,'-.-;
i f/<»n|pnnnt V. M K. tn -ha-;*.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrivol.
SATURDAY. December 12.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Xi hours trom Albion;
216 XI ft lun-h*r. to .wblon Lumuerco.
Stmr Geo Loomts, Brldgett, -S6 hours from Ven
turu; 6288 bbls oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Ger ship C H Watjen. Brunlnss. 126 days from
Swansea: -ti76 tons con', t." Meyer, Wilson &C '.
■ Rr ship Queen o(' England, Snaw, S3 days from
DaroaraKg; ballast lolCU— vain.
Schr Kodiat. Tuonins, 16 days from Kodlak;
llti tons concentrates, to Alaska Packers' Assn.
'J-i Cleared.
SATURDAY, December 12.
• Ktmr Eureka, Parson*, fcan i'euro; Goodall, Par
kins & <"o.v ■:-■<--
stmrCity of Everett, Laverge, Nanatmo; John
Rosenleid's tons.
i Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; Oregon Rall
way- andNavCo. j
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield, Comox: Pacific Imp
Co. ■<
srhr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Kahului; Alexander
& Ba'.dwin. .
Sailed.
SATURDAY. December 18.
Stmr Clepne. Johnson. Crescent City.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen, V al.
Stmr Point Arena. Strand, Mendoclno.
Br uiTiv Lad«s Dixon, tjueenstown.
Baric Kaie Davenport. Reynolds. Port BlaKe'ey.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coquilla
Hiver.
TeleijrapHlo.
POINT LOBOS. D-c. 12.-10 p. u.-Weathtr
thick; wind HE: velocity -0 miles.
Charters
The bktn Tropic Uiri re: urns to Marquesas and
Tah
The Nor bark «:jorn loads mdse for Melbourne;
ship Samaria, coal oa the found for this port: baric
Richard 111, coal at CO'Uox for this port: Br bark
Lota, lumber on the Sound for Valparaiso, 32s 6d:
Brship Drumburton, wheat at Portland for Ku
roue. 255. -
Tue Br ship Drummnir loads redwood for Liver
pool or London, its.
SpoKen. '
Per Br ship Flintshire— Nov 18 in lat 3 39 X,
Ion; 112 67 W, Br ship Osborne. from Swansea,
for Man Francisco.
■ Nov 11— Lai 16 N, lone 31 W, ship Iroauois, fm
New York, for sail Fra'icisco. ' ;
Oct 80— On the equator— Ship W F Bibcock, fm
New York, for San Francisco.
. PerUSmmr Albatross— Dec 10— Lat »6 51 N,
Ion? 126 25 W,; Brship Osborne. from Swansea,
for San Francisco. ■
■ Domestic Por":«.
. PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Doc 7-Bark Co
lusb, irom Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— TO sail Dec 8-Br ship
Cr-edmore. for Plymouth. '
PORT OAMBLE-Sailed Dec 12-Scnr W F
Jewett, for Honolulu. . '':
itEDONDO-^ailed Dec; 12— Sohr Corona, for
P6rt Townsend. ■'■ • -'
GREENWOOD— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Whites
oro, hence Doc 11. .'"> " ',' ■
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Pomona, hnc
ec 11. ■ :',>!-. . - ■'• ■■:- -
DrACQMA— «ailed Dec 12— Ship Dashing Wave,
■ r >un I- rniiclaco; stmr Del None, hence Dec 9.
fOKEDONDO-ArnvcU Dec'la— aim: Caspar, fm
on Bragg \ ■-•,: .it'- ■ '
TORT LOB"ANGELES-Salled Dec 12-3tmr
v Iraaar.fer Nan Fruucisco.
APORTANUEXES— In port Dec 11-'—Shi?I 1 -'— Shi? J B
town, baric Big Big Bonanza, from Nanaimo, for
Ban Francisco; bark Mcl rose, from Angeles, 'or
Santa Rosalia? bktn John smith, from Tacomi,
Sor Sad Pedro; bktn Amelia, from Port Blaiceley,
for Honolulu: schr Excelsior, from ' Port Blaseley,
for. San Francisco. ,
f HAN DIEGO- Arrived Dec 12— Bktn Catherine
Slid uen, hence Dec 6.
Foreign Por*i.
ST VINCENT -Sailed Not 27-Br stmr Evan
dale.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Deo Ship Ster
ling, from Sydney to load 101 San Fran isco
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Dec 7-Br ship Lyder
horn, from >ama Rosalia.
-ANTA ROSALIA— a Dee 9— Sohr Al
bert, Merer, from Grays Harbor.
for Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Page.
xkw .to-pat;
GERMAN SAVINGS * LOAN SOCIETY,
626 California St.,. S. F.
Capital actually paid up in cash.... ?1,000.000 00
Deposits UecemDer 31, 1895....... 30.727.&86 09
Reserve fund 715.0U000
Guaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, B. A. Becker: Firs;
Vice-President, Edward Kruse: second Vice-
President, Daniel Meyer: Cashier, A. H. R.
Scr.midt: Assistant Cashier, William Herrmann:
• Secretary. George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Muller. . , .
BOARD OF DTRECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse, Daniel Meyer, H. Horstmflnn, Ign.
Stelnhart, Nlc. Van Bergen, Emll Rohte, H. K.
Russ, D. N. Walter. • .
At torney. W. s. Gooiife'low. *
" OCEAN TRAVEL. . , .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. £% days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, L^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 BY
AUSTRALIA. ' ■ VS.S, AUSTRALIA.
S. a. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tue-
sday, December 29, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
K. S. MAKIPOSA sails via HONOLULU anj
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY, Thursday, January
'LInetofoOLGARDIE, AusU.and CAPETOWN",
Line to ( OOLGARDIE, A ust.,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. "■ ' ■• - ■ ' ■ ,_^__ . ,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CQ~A!£fii£3?T~":r~ T
114 .Montr;' ■ ■ itrtat .*.
Freight Office, 327 Market St.. sail I- rancisoo. ..
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ! ,'
__^O_FB. I _C I X J^___Nr _D
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it.
FA "PIT/® l3 First-class 1 Including
AlliJ ISU Second-class /berth & uxe^.i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8
Columbia ::.„. .V....:Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3
Through tickets and through ba^ga^e to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to ••-"•: ,v-- -;...'..'':
F. F. CONNOR. General Ar^nr.
,Ts . = . ' 630 Market street:
- ! GOODALL. PERKINS <& CO.. superintendents
PACIFIC COAST_STEIISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY yteJß-
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: XSASsxC
For Mar.- Island, Loriug. Wrunsrel. Juneau, Kll-
llsaoo and Sitka (Alaska), a; 9 a. m., Dec. 10, 26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllnsham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. m.
Dec. 6, 10, 15. 20, 26, 30, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. 14.
R., atTacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area.a and Fields L;inrllne (Hum.
boldtßar), sir. Pomona 2p. m.. D -c. 3. 7.11, 19,
19. 23. 27, 31. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucot,
Port Harford (San Lull Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. h.
Dec. 1. 6, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26. 29, and every tourta
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
(Ban Luis Obispo), ban ta Barbara, Port Los An-
geles, Redondo (Los Angeles) atid Newport, 11
a.m. Dec.3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 87. 31, and every fourth .
day thereafter. .. ■
• For Enseaada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par, and Quaynias (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. — . 26th of each month. - ■ • ■ ■•■ . .
'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing elates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
, New Montgomery street. • -.- ■ . :•. .
UOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents, .
10 Market si.. San Francisco.
COMPAGJf IE 1L TE.WSATLi
: Freneti Line to Bavr?.
COM PANV'S I'IF.R(NEW),42 NORTH AifSi
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■tSSfSX
this line avoid both transit rty English railway aril
the discomfort of crossing the channel in » sm_t
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, vi* Pi_i4
n'rsi-classslUJ; ttecond-ci— *iiu. - ;
LA CHAMPAGNE:..... 1 ..".:.......'Dea'12,5 A. it
LA T0U8A1N8..............; Dec 19. 9a.k.
LA UASCOGNE.... .;...Dec. 26, 6 A. it
LA NOP.MANDIE Jan. 'i -.
LA BRKTAGNjS .......... ...... Jan.9 —t — '—
** tui luiiuM. particulars apply to . ; • . -
A. FORGET. A
Xo. S. Bowling Green, Now Yort .
j.r. FTTGAZI A co., ; _genu, 6 MontgoaißrT
avenue, ban Francisco. -
WHITE jSTAR IM. .
United States and Royal Hall Steamer.
BETWEEN
New York, Queon9town & Liverpool.
SAiLiNU JSVJAtLi >vJ£KK.
CABIN. $50 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- *wr»
\J lug. to steamer and ' accommodations filmjß
selected; second cabin, 12 60 and Sit*. 50: Majn.ia
. am) Teutonic Steerage Tickets, from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates.' - Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
»rom W. H. A VERY, Pacific . Mail Dock, or at las
General Office of the Company, 013 MarKet atrooj,
under Uiftiid Hotel. O. W. FLETCHER. ■
; • General Agent lor Pacific coast.
STOCKTOS STEAMERS ;
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington st.
At ti I*. SI. Daily. *"reißiit received ay
..-«.... to .>:3O F. M. >*• v.
js^- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone ■ ■
I_l only live majtlug through rate* us Valley
Road freight. gTI£AMJERS: . - '; '
T. C. Walker, " J. D. r«tem,
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton, -
. Telephone Main 80V Cat. N a y. aud liiibl Cm
YALLEJO ASD U. S. XAVV-YARD.
STJKAaiEB; "MONTICKLLO."
Dally ex. Sat. & Sun- *10:30 a.m.. 4 and 9:30 P. K.
baturday5.... ........... *10:30 a. m., If. ic.
5unday5.......... .. ....:........ .. 8 r. _
Landing Mission-street Dook. Pier 2.
". Telephone Black 2dl. . .
; 'Excursion trip, giving 6 hours 'at Navy- Yard.
FOR 811 JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAXTA CRUZ
STEAMEK ALVISO LEAVES PIKR 1 DAILT
riJ at 10 a. m.' (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at :
i 6: P. U. (Sundays' excepted). ■■- Freight and Pas- -
! senger, Fare between San Francisco and Al vi
50c: to Sau -Jose, 75c. Clay st., Pier L 20 W.
i banta Clara St., Sau Jose.
2930
HALE BROS. I
k' [% I^r^-^^_^ •'• r"'"'"^ 0000 -". HOW°°WE CAME TO BE PARTNERS. , coaxxooaDocooco
>'ifi^^A»/r^ intEl HE AT H3TTr?s — * >r I i iv.
/ V _^ S 9 imft n 1 / rti ~L. CrT\oo__ - $ "it seems to me," Cris kingle said : . Tlie ! firm, "was "big, witli lots of friends
■ vjJfoTTW i v^T-V \ ft Mff '■"''. ** ' ■ *^^ S As he viewed this great world o'er,, . • >nd lots of kinds of toys, -■
nsv<i IAV fJS* <SKI } ■ ® "My list of Children's getting big • ATA With every in Christmas goods
r)Ji \^T Vf pSk> ( -.vVj; wfi (SX9®®®<«X^®<sXS®®^^ And growing more and more. . Vlv For babies, girls and boys.
A/yiAPt^^^/^ML . $ • I'll have to take a partner on " • # - A -' • And sothey took, his offer up.
(A^/ '/vT^i. .S VR %. S To see these girls and boy 3, . ... And prorais-d then and there
/HP/, (y' ™-' , iJI 4."%, % So I'll appoint some great bis firm They'd represent old Santa Glaus
A'lw n M ?■» x "y" rr ° B&U XXiy geuncles s- 11^ toys." And hold a Christmas Fair.
V /p 'I/* ' Yl r sLW/J -v- ® The East was big. but snow was there- So out West in the biggest State If any one should fail to know ...
XV I, ""/liAlMln * itJ&M *» He used the reindeer team- " ' He took the biggest, town. . Just who his partners are
Vi ' ir^U " ' i/^W m S But way out West 'twas summer time •» Then for the biggest firm he looked <V> They should watoh their next door neighbor
V£ M \\i, nil/ *L<* 191 ® And snow was seldom seen. %%£i And quickly put it down. J^{ When she gets upon the car.
?"*»>,; M WiiiulWJu /^*w*V ■ ® 'Tis summer time the year around, y£y Then he made a proposition V^V And when she pays her fare she'll say,
/ i V 7 ffA > ' (it J^ X ® So sleds are hard to slide. That they sole agents be ;?;; Please let ma off at HALES,
£ rJIM- -/W If SftfT r i I And he couldn't visit every child And represent him in the West For they're Oris Kingle's partners now .
•I U\ >v "'- *Xl'J-^- Wfc 4 n No matter how he tried And all the children see. . And tend to all hi sales." __J
I^piTOf^- MW\ HOLIDAY CHIMES FROM ALL DEPARTMENTS.
V Wll^ili \l % i f^^Q I OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. .
\i . I Jj'^d.. / f'fiA « TO PAPA. TO MAMMA. TO GIRLS. j TO BOYS.
• I M X/l £ r l '' li* -^'y ,/2\ c- a., ■ *.-. — I — i, ij in « c m> qnrn Picanino Presents to Every Fifty hints for little mi«ges and fifty ' iU/iLlj /
I !1 111 ,;//Ln\ i * A » Pome tilings that Papa would like, Home sure rieajlng i-regenu , more for their bis "sisses " tittle Thing* for Little Tyke., Mg£r?\//
t \ \VVU MA'» I V I • «nd our ».»«,e be.owt^ll, where to go. Housewife.. ,_ ■ re lor their big^.ggeg. K o r Bigger Ones We've Gun, and Bikes. %i§W/
1 A" '/Ml V/ V lv > yjlj rS FINE WHITE WOOL BLANK . „, ;' , A Pwftr RPFPFr TirVFT » m f% #?X.' /
' \ ,/r JfVMh \ V- i I TAKLKiixKN-MK'K £W»MMUoS ADeC^ ,° two I. abso.,,tely DeCeSSar7< We A Pretty REEFER JAUKI »« > . SAW AND HAW-BUCK for lniu«rlou. boy. 7X^»i
I 'if V - /• (\f\mi ;l '. J *$ /li (A IAHLK LIISKA « ™T.?;o^"";vf Itjup to »iv set "■ " nave a big line of the very newest. . v °vl*° °" f0r....... ...-. ..40c 'A JXMvi
r 1 (' X ■ "JJ jTrn'M \ \«* *N m vi nlc lr^ E . tU^7^\ N ~Y •••• $5 9 - A Stormy-weather MACKINTOSH for school. DRAWINU-SLATES lor artists... 7c to UOc S,\mW'/j
I L W K J&W\n C J* \ M line JIIIJERDOU.N C0MF0UThKb.......... — about ■.■.■■■. *1 85 JIOBWK-KEINS for cowboys 7c to 45c '//T^Pwi
I IVvv ' i^fii/lU *>' SyVS O n Poiour S wVl[jXcKKTW:::.::fromVsolo*3> ■ ' SILK HANDKERCHIEFS, like the turkey, • A MANICURE SET complete..../..: 95c to «3 00 fvoo^yVoos"" 0 ' 8 ""frfm lOc^p ■ VMW/J
JK™S V V ? 8 A comfortable HoUbEWRAPI'KIt ... .... . . «nate Chnstmas complete, from •^••^•••••^ PERFUME in bottlesioTmlsses that "fix np TUBEPHO^KS "iJOT uip&'HOxSF**? V/Wv//
M^llWi'"- J*~ I • ;AGOBsX'MFU-forVainy^eaVneV.V.^ 0 *?0 '" ""' — ' and play lady".... __........5c to 95c bottle MA^^l^KR^'fore.VimaiimenU - //J^Y//
% I I AHKAI>V.MAI)KSK|RT ..^ op io SlO each A HANDSOME SILK MUFFLER fr0m........ DRESSED DOLLS.. .^ ......5c to «12 50 MA "^.^. .*! ! .." .fIS»T»MwWh '//I* -V/
i \ Wil^Ccr I £o^™™^^ 0^ » ••-•• $1 25 to ,2 23 each UNDRESSED JOINTEDDOLLS.. 6c up ,0 14 00 SaG^ATe!^"oaKDS^oV 7CC YAk V*
k> JsL^_\M "A - S l'ernaps a PURSE is needed to $3 60 . • A complete set of DOLL JEWELRY from bors . lR- to ai 25 each /M _ S-141
:- '7*' y £fc^ k #-«4fc<r-" - © UUI -, > v\-5 ;l 'V-YM ; - l TM°: xl '» s -,v?L I )L , Kr INITIALED linen handkerchiefs 10c to 95c IRON WAGoNS.V.V...... ...'..".SOc, ..nd«i-j5 'fwmi
■ftiV^C^^f 3 ft HANDkEKCHIfci BOXfcS, etc., faOm ..... v;v .:...:...»150>t0*2ab0X DOLL BRUSH AND COMB . WOODtjM WAUOW& 10c and up to 85c :: 'S^*J^jM
s. p2^J-- YSpSSiS^^ J =- % X A PUKE LINES HANDKEKCUiEK up to $25 , ,>., ai-, . dull iiituau a«u tuaia siiis and 45c each coas IFRS for adventurous boys «1 25 ann *2 'V?y }r7WjA
rjs"iJ-^ \lllN *- I -' $ A PURK LINEN HANDKEKCHiEK ' L 4Cc and 45c each v"l OCIPKI>r T * *175 up to J»8 *t 22j%^<M
i V. V-^^Dti -=" $ .roni 60c up to $Ji> each A fine assortment of superior UNDERWEAR. DOLL OUTFITS complete In baskets RHOOKLY IIOK-K I *. BiCtoS-.'"J5 »
'S.Vyg^-P-"^!^ $ A handsome OPERA FAN-all the way up • _1 .....__. .....75c to $1 50 WHEELBARROWS....... ..........25u . I^Sfc fA
■ "^" CCT 7^ „.«., xx.nl A thousand CElVr.ULOlb^NbvELTl^such*" One of our SMOKING SETS fr0m...... $1 25 to 12 DOLL SHOES, DOLL- S IOCKIJ(Gd..... RUBBKK-Ball S -- "- lOc'toOOc VtI^VZ
SANTA CLAUS WILL MEET ALL HIS LITTLE S an PIN BOXES. GLOVE CASES, PER- 6cio2sc KLBBh.K balls iuc to »uc O^f/^l'/.
E- FRIENDS AT MALE'S EVERY MORNINO THIS S 1 I'M SETS, etc., at all prices "*, a . DOI.L PARASOLS... 15ct0500 HUMMING '"OPS 4c'to*uc '////Trf?///
WEEK. A PRESENT TO ALL GOOD CHILDREN. I A HANDSOME SOFA PILLOW-any« here A complete TRAVELING TOILET SET from DOLL FANS. DOLL HaTB DOLL BONNETS bOLDIER SETS rV.V.V.V."V.V.V:.V.V.23c to *2 75 • %^»^
'- SEE HIS MAGNIFICENT NEW SUIT. <§ from .............*1 it up to 96 up to 50 and DOLL JACKETS fr0m..... to 30c IRON ENGINES.:; 12c to *1 95 / /'l^^(-
-.. ■ .^iti^ZS^^^ffgifw. a , r ™, TFD Torvm ' t *«!*•'"* ™ have "ttTe-best doll belongings in 5oO?CUk4tB V^¥¥ 5C 26c S?#Ss2'' MA^
; lli CHRISTMAS JACKETS. inelegant FANCY WOOL DRESS PAT- A pair of our CELEBRATED r^^.,c^^_^ -prVnIInS i*FBBsSK' ? V.*VV. : : . r .V.^V.!»I tola 50^.:^ ; Ym%jL
: ill CHRISTMAS JACKETS. ; wr» collar: a p-lr of our Jonvin $1 6U »=.^»^^=p. . W"IV \vO(VdEn:'..".:"" =, . - WATER FIRE-KNOINKS for. $1 ,-J|ft
>Mm --»-—* A S^Ss *«w««!^«»sffiu iiiliEE=:!i §S§
■ ,W«/////// economy the public Is satisfied. A selection from our great stoclc of Bisque Orna- a' — ••• ............oucap»ir DOLL TRUNKS '" 50c"to »a 60 each MOTORS, MAGNETIC TOYS and a thousand /^^K/v//,
r <$£Wy7/ There's no limit to pretty Ca P 9S and menu could be made on one of our pretiy lemon- J)OLL £s^ !-:::;;::;;:^:::;:..l0c to %i 65 set • , „ other ihin» in onr Big Basement Bazaar. - /T^W/?
, SZ£:?*V//y Jacketshare What bettor Dresent ? i?_ iI s .-. nnn^m Something for his room -a bureau scarf or a BLACKBOARDS ..:-5c and $1 w%*>^n^n^^^n^^«-. nxs/%^ / n^ ># - Xz%/
- A *3r' JacKets nere. wnat DBlter present c TftT^TTTTCI fWWWWyA head-rest. We have the materials, the Ideas are LITTLE HKD chairs 25c and >5c ■: ; fiHNTS' XMAS tt'DK'FS 4$ W
• ■% \?/ m AM .. a .-' ._-„__ __. _, CtlKlSlMAb SILKS. all ready made. OTHKK CHAIRS 85c aDd ai. UCrNI2> AIM 3 II UIV "' /\ ■ ■
7 /X fZZMKi A >PPillfll . fIfIKFT Rfll F ' mirefißmnMivsinrs mi .ho A slipper-case or a tov.el-rack-a pick from our DOLL DINNER TABLES 85c to $1 20 / ■ „ " /\lb^l /
y/\ -jMGWrX' n OrLUInL UHwl\t I &flLt • BLACK GROS GRAIN SILKS— AII tne i 5 W rrX r bSi W the bath win cost " ,5-tb. " FINK TRICYn ITS tlMlsmllA "^^i^S^^ wffZJ JT/
• 4y\d&Jy wn*.* best French and American makers: fl»O.«5 A robe Vanket for thf bath will cost «5-tlie ' SAFETY ADJUST VBLE'aWINO» Si 75 GENTS' LINEN INITIALED HAND-
' L A Dir'*' JVCKETS, iv Light Shades. Slashed we warrant perfection; our prices trom^Z *«• °™° " n ln» collar KarorV KnlvesT Shay- SA*I!.T\ ADJUST ABLE MWINOB $175 kerchiefs, dozen in a fancy box. ■y'/XX^^Z
r £?%^<& Coufr, Inlaid with veU-f "haft^Vnk lin". 4 ** t0 Y » rd fng ■& Is Manicure >c s! ?havln X WRITING-DESKS BUREAUS WABHSTANDS, an exceptlolalty neat Inlilal and adj. 1.50
' Vyy?Z^& large pearl buttons. We ua ante? this to be I BLACK SATIN DUCHESS-The bestai.9.s> Cups. I'erfnme Bottles and flue ivrfumes. Picture BKDSTEADSFORNITU^ SETS. DOLL s/ 4 inch hemstitched edge; our hoLlday«JpA-— 'WJyf SBk
''- '2£Jr? X«Y 5 Jacket. Sues 32 to 40. We advise you makers only; guaranteed ail silk and <Jp.£ Frames. One of our fine Umbrellas lor $4 or $5. BUGGIES, IRON jsIOVES, SPRINKLING- special at..... ; .Box /%gS> &M
• fURy ■*™"P to call early. Our entire line to be 30 d. No btst aye; our prices from 76c to Yard A Hat Brush, Clothes Brush, hlsp Broom and . POTS SAND Bbt.KfcTi-, IRO .. IN G- ll^K y
s. II^SK y reserve. The price BLACK PEAU DE >OlE— One of the Holder. l'ocite: Memorandum, fine Writing Sets, boards., TIN pisHh^, 11J>( 81 ovjss AND GENTS' LINEN INITIALED HAND- \' €s4 >T/
• n«.y/ csq ok C"««v, most popular plain black silks in the ■ Inn Bottles, etc., Coffee Cups and Saucers, or one KITCHEN* and everything that Santa Claus kerchiefs, V 2 dozen in a fancy box, a . / \m\!^7Z/
. % <&&/]// JpO.yo taCtl. market: ouly the very best guaran-m.0. 50 of ourlsc House and Lots, just for fun. 1 partner ought to Have. little better ;;rade than the one above, ©9. 00 'X-'WT^V'/
7 /^3O//K/ / / / / LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE JACKETS, © r .O9 teed Qualities kept here: our price «J)^ ■ otherwise the samo; these two offers <H> .4 / /WI4/ y\,
' /'^S"/!/// buttons high to the neck, velvet col-«!DO from »1 to • «~v. • Yard " " . . . are exceptional ones; our price Box '^.xjipV/y'
v' 'S%s&/Y I", sizes 32 to 42. Our price Each CHRISTMAS HINTS. " £&§X/^
? v/f===*6y, nun r«u rvuiDiT our celebrated white wool 1 Fnnnv \ Rnv m -'.^^ iiUFi • Bab? HOLIDAY SHOPPING BAGS. ,4 s" ~y/
't S/i X/s UK PAN LAnltall. BLANKETS, ail pure California /I FUllllJ A IIUJf. /X .—. >^ J» «J . „,. V?> --i " V>
? 'A ' Y// ww«» ■ "■_• — wHBHn fleece wool, the finest grown, select- • I £ fra ■ SW NftWMff IllflPHinftS. t .nrroi rHiWiuw RAfiR in'di*. / A l Pv 1
. (A- -=-X/ A wonderful array, gathered especially for Holl- ed stock silk ribbon bound. We 9.00 f / i fF S~X Jr ■ OOWIUg UIOtUIUCS. LADIES CHATfcLAINE BAGS, lnais '4r?»s£!p>
5" A^ £kY day Choppers. Kead these prices. Dozens not believe them to be the best values<t)l^ A „__ . w _ V I £ // f <2b*^ • F T., /» nooktt. n,, nricl 50 T_.i^T ' '
: T ll«r ' mentiouej. inthecity. Our price from $5 t0.... I'air „ A great josh on the X V >^L-&* .rf.^- If >«*»• J /T^^^fc.. >• The cheapest, most leather, two pockets, our price *JV Jpg&Sß^,
- 'PGn&& r.KD FEATHER FANS, wood frame, cased CREAM EMBROIDERED FLANNEL, .^uVri X ."hp"^^^ 1 /M fW J^ JP^ £ SV^ MT^y" l ? / practical M and simples: ■ Lacn kZ± -^
JT ti»-^^> with c-irpr <M)c KB.<<h a Dresent for babr • a vird wide and r f\V could see the bones lit J . . -X M a ¥ M .J& ' ■ ■* M M J■ W 1 / M Sewing Machine in the .-•->., - . 777 jj 'fs/
- V77Zn7!Z// HAN^PASTKDPANK"^k"fIBiahiS.BS*^ silk embroidered'- very nun ard 50 your hand, or the lead in £ YM M J AyY SwL S^f J £ J /_^# A world for little girls; LADIES' CHATELAINE BAGS, extra ' /T ■ 'f^
? #^l 05 tSSn^SS-.TMILcI, ■ DAISY AIR RIFLES. ,■: ■ wonderful novelty. This ■^^:./.T^ INCORPOR\TED. • ■ .: plen ty for every- »—""- .-* 1 i ai |^V<
«■ A 3^ WlilTß MLKGAUZK FANS, hand palmed . Positively the best air gun offered in the city *"*" § ' . iwlweekat T " ! V &?1
: /A. ■"•- Il3?> XAM n rR?| niTRirw"vK.VTWKR"TA BCII for .he money : shoots exceptionally strong; simple __ % . —. . '"' " aC LADIES' COMBINATION POCKET \ %&,)
fr ■■ fyte,- r MK?I - NAUKAL J l -" 11 - J1 i *- Alil *- K .-.*:\- --n and liK"t; eusily loaded; full nickel plated: ' 25c Each. _. ___ 010, 041, 943, 945 Market Street, $1.06 Each. BOOKS, oxidized sitver mountings, 50 c ' \ A^> /
%mZ a^rssSatt^j^TJifflrJ 1 " ssa&s^j^-sssswi 1 ? 85 25 C Each. 937, 939, 941, 943, 945 marKet Mreet, $1.00 Each. sffss^S!± i r^S so c
.S/yyQ/sJy' KtAL pttuihis LAtfc tA^.tiano paint- careful boys; come and see them this week at —ww »-i*wii. y^J/J 7Uy» "T^ " >^ ■*-*" 7 ferent colon, our price...- ....... ...... *J\J pv/tS-S .
> •Cs4 y st"^>^ ed, silk gauze, carved pearl frame. Price.. <~»cr_ ___t_ — -_ j K«ch *S— 7:^ •
7- J sy's£7^ ?35j£ach 95c. each. San Francisco. i - - Jr
HOW JOSHUA HENDY
SPELLED "FIFTH"
Important Bearing on the
Meaning of a Be
quest.
Somewhat Sensational Episode
in a Hitherto Dull Will
Case.
It Seems Probable That Charles
Manner Will Gat Only $10,000
From the Estate.
Thee was a sensational surprise in the
Joshua Heady will case in Judjre Coffey's
court late yesterday afternoon. This trial,
with its many side issues, has been
dragging its slow length along for so
many weary years that anything like a
novelty is hailed with delight by the at
torneys and the court, and therefore yes
terday's happenings were joyfully wel
comed by both sides to tiie controversy.
For some time argument has been going
on in order to convince Judge Coffey as to
the proper way to construe one provision
of the will, which read that the testator
bequeathed to Charles Manner "one-fif
teth" of Ms stock in the Hendy Machine
Works.
Attorney Baggett contended th?.t the
testator intended to leave "one-fifth" of
his machine works stock to Charles Man
ner, while those representing the otlier
heirs thongut it ought to read "one-tif
tieth."
As the stock is worth something like
half a million dollars, it makes quite a
difference to Mr. Manner. One-fifth
would be $100,000, while one-fiftieth would
amount to only $10,000.
Mr. Baggett said there was nothing on
the face of the wili to show me exact
meaning ot the testator, but he thoueht
that in any event the court would not be
justified in interpreting the word as
•■fiftieth" ; tha.tat most it could be consid
ered as a b)ank for the present, and read a
decision to show that in a similar casein
England the question of fact was referred
to a jury for determination.
Attorneys E. B. Young and W. H. H.
H.irt on behalf of the executors of the
will urged that it was not reasonable to
suppose Mr. Hendy intended to bestow
$100, 000 on Mr. Manner, who was a stranger
io his blood, but that it was quite within
the bounds of reason to think he might
give nim property worth $10,000, that be
ing equal to $1000 a year for the time Mr.
Manner was in testator's employment.
This view was apparently accepted as
sound and just by Mr. Manner, for he
made no contest on the point, the present
condition being urged by Mr. Baggett on
behalf of Mrs. Rough, another of the
heirs.^whose interests areaep-ndenton the
way in which the will is construed.
During the trial of the caie frequent re
grets were expressed by the lawyers and
the courts that no letters or writings by
Joshua Hendy containing the words
♦•fifth" or "fiftieth" bad been produced,
HALE BROS. I
and it was in this relation that the sur
prise of yesterday occurred.
After Mr. Baggett had concluded his
argument in favor of having the word
"fifteth" construed to mean "fifth," Mr.
Young announced that he had a docu
ment to present for the scrutiny which he
thought would have great weight in ar
riving at a just conclusion. He thereupon
read a letter written by Joshua Hendy to
his brother Samuel Hendy, in which he
spoke of a company in which he was
largely interested, that he "owned one
fifth of the stock and ought to have some
voice in the management of the corpora
tion."
Briefly arguing the point, Mr. Young
said that this showed that Joshua Hendy
knew how to spell "fifth" and that when
he wrote "fifteth" he meant "fiftieth 1 ' and
not "fifth."
Mr. Baggett was at once greatly inter
ested in the important epistle. Judge
Coffey also evinced a desire to scrutinize
it, and it was quickly passed from Hand to
band.
Curiosity was immediately aroused, and
the question arose as to wbereitha t letter
came from. It had never appeared in the
case before. That it was genuine no one
for a moment doubled, for it may be
safely said that nobody could successfully
counterfeit the late Joshua Hendy's chi
rography. It is something unique and
altogether unapproachable in its eccen
tric characteristics. It must be seen to
be appreciated.
Mr. Young was called to the witness
stand and told the story of the way in
which he obtained the letter. He said
that on Thursday last he called on Attor
ney Charles S. Wheeler of the firm of
Bishop & Wheeler for the purpose of ob
tainine certain letters written by Joshua
Hendy and now the property of his client,
Mrs. McGurn. In talking witbMr.Wheeler
be learned that some of the late Joshua
Hendy's letters to his brother Samuel had
been returned from Mexico after the close
of the will contest and that this ietter,
containing the word "fifth," was among
them.
Mr. Baggett asked for time in which to
examine an the letters that bad been re
turned from Mexico, and was given a con
tinuance of the case until next Wednes
day for that purpose.
After tne adjournment of court Mr.
Baggett said he was forced to admit that
the newly discovered letter had great
weight in settling the disputed point,
though he insisted that it was not con
clusive. It proved that Joshua Hendy
knew how to spell "fifth" in 1882, which
was six years before the writing of the
will — that much be conceded — but he
would go through the other letters with a
microscope to <>cc if he had not also
spelled "fifth" as it was written in the
will.
Messrs. Hart and Young and their
clients, the Hendys and Mrs. McGurn, on
the other hand were openly exultant.
Tney declared that the proper spelling of
fifth in the letter of 1882 knocked out all
chance for construing "fifteth" to mean
"fifth."
Judge Coffey said he hoped that be
might be able to reach a conclusion next
Wednesday.
••The Martyrs."
"Polinto," or "Tae Martyrs," a tragic
opera by Donizetti, Will be given at the
Bush-street Theater. Sunday evening, De
cember 20, by the Italian Philharmonic
Society Guise ppi Verdi. Miss Margaret
Coleman and Signors Giorgi, Zapelli,
Vitalini, De Luca and Valerga will be in
the cast with a chorus of fifty people.
The orchestra will be under the direction
of A. tipadina.
■ — ■ • — • — •
Park Congregational Church.
Articles of incorporation of the Park Congre
gational Church have been filed -with the
following-named directors: Albert J. Robin
son. John F. Myers, E. W. Hyde, F. A. Hatch
J. W. Graham, William J. Tilley, James W.
Tabor.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly reduced
prices; building io be removed. 5 and 7 Third st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1896.
HALE BROS.
MANY CHILDREN
WILL WEEP THERE
Their Good Friend's Fu
neral Will Take Place
Monday.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and Her
Daughter Will Be Buried
at Laurel Hill.
Services Will Be Held in the First
Congregational Church at the
Noontide-
The funeral services over Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper and her unfortunate daughter,
Harriet, will be held at the First Congre
gational Church on Monday at 12 o'clock.
Rev. Dr. Adams, the pastor, and Rev. Dr.
McLean of the Pacific Theological Semin
ary will have charge.
Arrangements for the funeral were not
periected until yesterday because the
friends here awaited instructions from the
relations East. There bad been hopes
that the dead mother's sister, Mrs. Skilton
of Brooklyn, N. V., might come to this
City at once, but she was so completely
prostrated by the news that she cannot
come.
The folio wine telegrams from Mrs. Skil
ton and her husband afford the instruc
tions on which the friends here are con
| ducting the iuneral:
New York, Dec. 12, 1890.
Mmes. Gaden and Hale, 1902 Valtejo street, San
Francwco— Overwhelmed with grief. 1 send
earnest thanks for all kindness, begging you
to act for me in all things. Bury beside Mr.
Cooper. Will go us quickly as possible.
Mrs. Harriet E. Skilton.
Mmc*. Gaden, and Barnelt, 1002 Vallejo street,
San iranci»co — Mrs. Skilton prostrate with
grief. Ail relatives send gratelul acknowledg
ments of the many kindnesses of San Fran
cisco's loving friends and confirm Mrs. Skil
ton's telegram to Mmes. Gaden md Hale.
Jdlius A. Skilton.
Following the spirit of these telegrams,
arrangements for the funeral were com
pleted at once. In spite of the fact that
Mrs. Cooper always abhorred public
funerals, it was decided that hers and her
daughter's be such, because of the thou
sands who want to pay their tribute of
love to the beloved dead, because the life
worlc of Mrs. Cooper was devoted to the
public and because the residence is too
small a place for the accommodation of
any large number of the friends of the
dead.
There will be no funeral services at the
bouse, though a few invitations will be
sent to intimate friends who desire to look
upon the faces of mother and daughter.
The coifins will not be opened at the
church, however, in deference to Mrs.
Cooper's dislike of such publicity. The
interment will be in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, where the husband and father is
buried.
The Coroner's jury was taken to the
residence by Deputy Coroner Hallet yes
terday morning, where the remains were
viewed and the premises inspected. The
following composed the jury: C. J. Mc-
Neill, 300 Post street; E. F. Zahler, 336
I HALE BROS.
Post street; G. R. Kibbe. 316 Post street;
A. J. Wash burn, 324 Post street; N. C.
Hulse, 328 Post street; H. F. Flynn, 338
Post street; William Reed, 344 Post street ;
Adolph Block, 211 Post street; M. Fried
man, 228 Stockton street.
There were scores of carriages in^the
vicinity, hundreds of distinguished friends
calling to pny their respects and to off er
their services to those in charge. The
services of two special police were required
at the house during the day to keep the
visiting throng in order.
It is learned that the estate left by Mrs.
Cooper will amount to $16,000 or $18,000.
It consists of the borne at 1902 Vallejo
street, a lot in Santa Barbara and one in
Alameda. The homestead is worth about
$7000.
Most of the societies of which Mrs.
Cooper was a leading spirit called special
meetings yesterday morning and adopted
resolutions of respect.
The Century Club held a meeting yes
terday afternoon and passed resolutions
concerning the untimely death of the
women who were so well known by the
members of tbe club. The board of di
rectors of the Kindergarten Association
met yesterday morning at the call of Mrs.
Pierce, vice-president. Many representa
tives of Mrs. Cooper's Bible class were
present.
Mrs. John T. Swift and Mrs. Cornwall
stated that they would prepare an appro
priate memorial for the Century Club.
Mrs. Sargent and Mrs. Oulton of tne State
Women's Suffrage Committee offered their
condolence, and scores of representatives
of prominent societies were present on
similar missions.
The iuneral will probably be one o! the
largest ever seen in San Francisco. A
notable feature will be the great attenu
ance of children from the kindergartens
and children from other schools.
Many of these were formerly in kinder
gartens and came in contact with Mrs.
Cooper and her daughter.
There is now no suspicion in the mind
of any one at all familiar with the facts
that Mrs. Cooper was in any way a party
to the tragedy. Her death was due to
over-confidence in her insane daughier,
whom she loved so devotedly that she
could not bear to be separated from her
for a day. __^___________
DIPHTHERIA CASES.
The Value of Sterilized Swabs Demon
strated by Dr. (Spencer of tho
Health Board.
The practical value of the sterilized
swabs which the Board of Health has
been distributing about town for use in
diphtheria cases was demonstrated on Fri
day. These swabs were used on the
throats of two patients whose cases were
reported on Thursday, and the secretions
examined by Dr. Spencer, the board's
bacteriologist.
In both instances the bacilli of diph
theria were discovered. In future all
cases reported will be verified in this man
ner and precautions taken accordingly.
The board has distributed literature re
lating to diphtheria about the City in ad
dition to the swabs aud will try to edu
cate the people in the proper methods of
detecting as well as preventing the dis
ease.
Two new cases of diphtheria were re
ported at the Health Office on Friday, one
being at 52 Jessie street and the other at
641 a Natoma street.
A Football Trophy.
Tne Pacific Amateur Athletic Association
held a meeting Friday night in Olympic Club
building and decided to appoint a committee
of four to purchase a trophy for the football
contest. The committee are Messrs. Sheehan,
Rhinehart, Berry and David Brown. The
Olympics and the Stanfords will claim tho
trophy, and the committee will no doubt
make the award to the first named, tney
having tied the Stanfords aud the latter hav
ing declined to meet the Olympics aud play
off the tie.
I BALE BROS.
THE CORNER GAS
LAMPS MUST GO
How the City Byways Are
Coming Into the
Light.
Market Street Will Next Array
Herself in Lines of
Arc Lamps.
Howard, Taylor, Kearny and Mont
gomery and Others Will Go
to Electricity.
The work of lighting up the dark by
ways of this City goes splendidly ahead,
and one street after another where a few
gas lamps twinkled dirtily through the
fog and gloom is being strung with electric
lamps. Polk street led the way, and the
setting of arc lights there encouraged Fol
som. Sixth and several others to emerge
from the dusk. Then Valencia street—
that great thoroughfare that divides the
Mission into the eastern and western
halves — called for light, and quickly there
■will be an illumination along tnat drive
way. Kearny, Montgomery, Fillmore and
Lartin will come next, as the people
along those streets have signified their in
tention to make the change.
The lighting of the other streets of the
City is rapidly progressing. The Mer- ]
chants' Association gave orders yesterday
for twelve arc lights on Ninth street from
Market to Howard, and six arc lights on
Taylor street irom Golden Gate avenue to
Eddy. Applications are coming in from
every part of the City for additional illu
mination. The Merchanis' Association is
willing to co-operate with the residents in
any part of the City for the better lighting
of tne streets. It believes that when once
the City is properly illuminated the City
authorities will appreciate the wisdom and
necessity of relieving the property-owners
and merchanis from this expense and
hereafter keep up the illumination of the
streets at the expense of the municipality.
This was the plan adopted by the Mer
chants' Association in securing the clean
ing and sweeping of the streets. It started
the experiment by soliciting subscriptions
for the work. The City, subsequently
realizing the great advantage of clean
streets, has continued the work.
The Merchants' Association is now con
sidering the advisability of interesting
the property-owners and tenants alont.
Market street irom ths ferry to Valencia
street in the better illumination of that
thoroughfara. A number of the larger
property-owners will be canvassed with a
view of ascertaining their wishes in the
matter and how far they will go in con
tributing for the iighting of that street.
If sufficient subscriptions are contributed
for the purpose a string of electric lights
will be installed on each side of Market
street with a large number of colored arc
lights in the middle of the thoroughfnre.
This will make a very impressive spec
tacle and will greatly improve the appear
ance of the street at night. The Mer
chants' Association is now ready to re
| HALE BROS. !
ceive suggestions from all citizens upon
this improvement.
From inquiry along tbis great thorough
fare it is learned that there is a general
desire on the part of the property-owners
and people doing buiiness there to have
the strett aglow its full length. On the
basis of a tax of $1 apiece per month,
which the Sixth-street people are paying,
the people doing business there can have
what they wish in the way of illumina
tion, and no doubt the last corner gas
lamp will soon flicker out for all time on
Market street.
FORGER, BUT POLITE.
Bsnaom Ellenwood Seutenced to San
Quentin for Fourteen Years.
Ransom Ellenwood, the dashins ex
navy officer, smiled courteously to Judge
Wallace and the officers of the court as he
stood up on .Friday morning to hear his
sentence for passing a fictitious check for
|100 on Mr. Doolittle, proprietor cf the St.
Nicholas Hotel.
In consideration of Ellenwood's dis
tinguished appearance and because he has
shown no disposition to escape he was
spared the indignity of being chained to
the other prisoners and was permitted to
stand outside tbe dock.
Ellenwood was consigned to San Quen
tin for fourteen years and at once went
below with an officer, bowing politely to
his Honor and to the court attendants as
he went.
* ♦ * T —
"Watching Butchertown.
Dr. O'Rourke, the veterinary of the Board of
Health, has been stationed in Butchertown for
several days past in consequence of reports
that diseased cows were being driven there
and slaughtered. Four carcasses were seized
on Friday and condemned and a close watch
will be kspt in the future to stop the traffic.
irarw to-day: •
SXSXSXSXSXS)®®«SXSX2XS)(SXS(^
, OPEN EVENINGS.
Holiday
Gifts £U
Popular
Prices.
Most charming collection
of Holiday Gifts to be
found in San Francisco.
N Not only the most costly, '
but thousands of inex-
pensive articles to suit
»'■! any purse.
\ IVOR FIGURES. BRONZES.
DRESDEN, MARBLE and
DELFT and TERRA COTTA
LIMOGES STATUARY, t-.
CHINA, • ai OIL PAINTINGS, •
- CUT CRYSTAL, J ETCHINGS,
BOHEMIAN . ENGRAVINGS, -
and LAMPS,
BACCARAT FRENCH DESKS,
GLASSWARE, CABINETS,
fiRNAMENTS TABLES,
In Endless ■ SEVRES, ;
Variety, i CARLSBAD and
FINE CLOCKS,; CLOISONNE
Etc., Etc. VASES, Etc. ;^
S.&Q GUMP,
1113 GEARY STREET.
HALE BRCS
kitw to-day: *
■Jl A 40-DAY SALE
/i^S^Tr'Wk ■ ln order to Closa Out ivy
§A 40-DAY SALE
Jn order to Close Out my
Large Stock ot
Fall and Winter
•^8 WOOLENS
/ Iml fri I will give to my customers
/ fc-/ W and the public In general alO
/ S'« t : per cent cash discount on all or»
I |j IS ders taken from DAY, De-
.sj cember 7. lb9B, to January 21,
-:' '"^l-.'V^!.-' Please, take notice, this dis-
count does not apply to orders taken before De-
cember 7. 1896.
AH goods are marked in plain figures,
and no misrepresentation.
JOE POHEIM,
The Largest Tailoring - I'b tabllsliment
on the Pacific Coast. ■ .
201 and 303 Montgomery St.
724, 844, and 846 Market St.
■ 1110 and Ilia Market St.
■ ' ■'-■ San Francisco. Cal. ••''
JSPAi^fflMLftCTPieil Opposite Seventh,
J^P^S^jS^^^^k UU I I lii I Lv
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATENT MEDICHES. RUBBER GOODS.
TOILET ARTICLES,
FINE WISES AID LIQUORS,
IlHill-IiRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
' Belmonts, 121/3 C size cut to 103
La Rosa. 12i/ 3 c size cut to 103
Sanchez & Haya, l'ii/ac size ........cut to 100 ■
Xl Telegrapho, 12% c 5ize...... ...'........cut to 100 . ;
1 General Arthur, xOc straight ......cut to 3 for '2ba ' •
General Burnside, 10c straight cut to 3 for Itta *j
1 Figaro. 5c straight ...cut to 6 for ".'Jo 5 |
1 King B, 6c straight. ...cut to ti for, 'Jja • "
; RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
i W
IS THE VERY BEST ' (INK TO EXAMTW*
, yoar eyoi and fit them to Spectacles and Ep2
, Rlasees with Instruments of his own inventing
I whose superiority has not been equaled H» «vi I
cess has been due to the merit* a! i*.* workT^ *' i
Otflo Hours— 12 loir, m. 't ! <'§
! SCOTCH^VVHISKY.
of good standing as sole buying agents for ih?
whiskies. A few. shipments* onld be madp ™
consignment as atria. References give ™and
) i quired, State full particulars. '™, MA **