VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 93.
VOTERS SEE
THE LIGHT
Republican Spirit Aflame
in San Bernardino
County.
THRONGS ADDRESSED BY
S. M. SHORTRIDGE.
He Appeals to Californians *"to
Stand for National
Honor.
FREEMEN SHOULD STUDY THE
CURRENT ISSUES.
Party Lines Must Go Down for the
General Good — Converts Made
by His Speech.
BAN BERNARDINO. Cal., Aug 31.—
This has been a irreat day for the Republi
cans of this county. Tbe formal opening
of the campaign at the pavilion to-nieht
by Hon. Samuel M. Shortridare marked a
revival oi the oid-fasnioued spirit that
moved men in the days when their liber
ties ai.d homes were assailed by the hordes
of Democracy in the past. People of all
grades of political beliei? poured into town
from workshop and lield and filled the pa
viiion. It was a representative, thought
iul audience, composed of earnest people —
people who came to listen, to reason to
getner and to applaud. When Mr. tshort
rid^e announced that he came to address
the people as Californians, regardless of
their past party affiliations, he struck a
Keynote that met with hearty applause,
i! stated that it was a time for earnest
thought and patient investigation, and
bela it to be the duty of every man to act
at the polls in such a mariner as to pre
serve his country's honor and promote the
general welfare of the people.
It is the opinion oi" conservative Repub
lican- that the meeting will result in great
Republican gains. Editor R. C. Haruison
cf the Sun said: "We have needed just
such an awakening. The reaction for Mc-
Kinley has set in in earnest, and this
meeting cements Republicans and brings
new strength. "
Judge F. W. Gregg said: "I now fee.
sure that McKinley will sweep tho coun
try. Ihe sound doctrines so eloquently
propounded by Mr. Shortridge will do
much to bring every true patriot into line."
Chairman Fleming of the County Cen
tral Committee is hopeful over the out
look. "With a few such rousing m?et
ings," he said, "the people will see where
truth and justice lie, and there will be
little danger of Democratic success."
J. A. Whitmoresiaiu : "Seidom has there
been such enthusiasm here. We need just
such service as Mr. Shortridee is doing for
the party. I think the outlook for Re
publican success is growing brighter every
day."
J. C. Lynch is another hopelul Repub
lican of prominence. He said: "When ;be
masses hear the charming doctrines of Pte
vmblicanism proclaimed thus in a bold
and eloquent way they will not wander
from the fold. This meeting marks a re
newal of the old faith— thia country is
safe."
in spite of the unusual heat the pavilion
was crowde& at an eariy hour. The fol
lowing vice-presidents occupied the plat
form: T. H. Goff, Arnold Atwood, \V. S.
Hooper, W. C. Fuller, Dr. J. M. Hurley,
C. B. Hamilton, C. W. Allen, J. L. Bat
tery, J. C. Lynch, J. A. \Vhitmore, Dr. G. L.
Hutchinson, Colonel Adolph Wood, James
Fleming, L. I. Coy, Colonei \V. L. Vestal,
Richard Brewart, Beiijamin Pearson, J. N.
V.ctor, Charles Lundholm. C. W. Mettler,
P. W. R chardson, Harry Hillyer, C. P.
Barrows, John Brown Jr., D. T. Hayes,
C. N. Damron, O. P. Sloat, C. J. Daley.
W. H. Rohrer, Judge C. C. Bennett, B, W.
Mosher, W. H. Jone«, J. W. McCracken,
W. F. Grow, Dan Rathbun, W. A. Vale|
C. P. Gifford, M. V. bweesey, Jud.<:e F. W*
Gregg, O. Newburg and S. F. Zoiubro.
There was enthusiasm in town long be
fore the arrival of Mr. Shortridge. The
following gentlemen were tha committee
that escorted him from Colton to San Ber
nardino: Hon. J. C. Lynch, candidate
for Lieutenant-Governor; W. S. Hooper,
C. W. Allen, J. A. Whiimore and Coionel
L. F. Eggers. They escorted the distin
guished visitor to the Stewart, where
luncheon awaited the party, and the after
noon was spent by the committee in ar
ranging for the great meeting.
Long before 8 o'clock, in spite of the
oppressive heat of the evening, the great
pavilion was crowded with thousands of
representative citizens, who listened with
patience and applauded with vigor as the
orator scored point after point against the
Democrats.
C. C. Haskell, chairman of the County
Central Committee, called the meeting to
order and intioduced Colonel L. P. Eggers
as chairman. The Riverside Quartet sang
"The Free-trade Mill," whereupon Mr.
Shortridge was escorted to the platform
amid great applause. Colonel Eggers
njade a happy speech, introducing Mr.
Shortridge as one Known throughout the
West "as a student, lawyer and orator fit
to propound the great issues of the day."
Colonel Eggers made a graceful speech on
the issues of the campaign saying:
"The present is an auspicious period in
American history. Within ten years
there have not been such vital issues
before the people as now. Four years ago
the Democrats made rosy promises and
stated their purposes. They have had
control of the Government and, as u«ual.
they have completely failed. [Great
laughter and applause.] The result is
complete bankruptcy and destitution on
every nand."
Following this neat speech, Mr. Short
ridge was presented, the audience ap
plauding for some minutes. He was in
good voice and the multitude was ripe to
he *r him preach the gospel of protection
The San Francisco Call
and prosperity. He held their attention
with frequent interruptions of applause,
for more than an hour and a half, begin
ning as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen of San
Bernardino, fellow-citizens— all of you Callfop
nians I know, Americans I know, and menaud
women devoted to your city, your county,
your State and your country. It is to me a
matter of pride and a matter of genuine pleas
ure to look into the faces of so many intelli
gi-nt. thoughtful, earnest men and women. 1
beg you to believe t,hat I am here for the same
purpose as you; that I come here for the same
object; that I am not here for any personal
display, not to achieve any temporary
tnumj.h, or to beg from you any temporary
applause; but I am here, as you are, to con
sider wnerein lies your duty to this great
campaign, wherein lies tne duty of the Ameri
can man, and wherein lies the duty of the
genuine American woman, wlierein lies the
duty ot the Californian who loves his State, of
a citizen who is interested in the welfare of
his country; and believe men when I say to
yon that, without prejudice, without affecta
tion, without animosity toward any man, I
affirm as a result of some reflection that the
welfare of California and the welfare of our
beloved country as a Nation depends upon the
triumph of William McKinley. [Applause.]
If there be men here who differ from me; if
there be men here who were taught in other
schools of politics, who worship, maybe, at
other shrines, who were taught to revere the
name of Jackson or Jefferson and the long line
of distinguished Democratic statesmen; if
there be men here who have heretofore affili
ated with other parties, marched under other
banners, listened to other arguments and be
lieved in them, I beg you to give me credit for
the same sincerity which 1 will willingly ac
cord to you. I give you credit for loving your
country, and I should think that if there is a
man in this audience who would not lay down
ho lite for that dear beloved banner of the
American stars he would be unworthy of the
name of an American citizen. [Applause. J
And I know there is no such man here. I
know that though men differ upon political
quej-tions, though they may get heatet in de
bate, though they may differ radically upon
questions of the hour, yet an audience such as
this, men such as are here in your county,
are, after all and above till, devoted to the con
stitution and liberty and to ihe flag. And,
therefore, I know that I may speak to you
freely, sincerely, frankly, in the hope that you
may come to believe, as I believe, that the
welfare of our country, the restoration of busi
ness, the revival of industries, lie in the tri
umph of the Republican party in this cam
paign. [Applause.]
The welfare of our country and the restora
tion of business prosperity and confidence lie
In the restoration of the Republican party to
power. [Ar.plause.] The great trouble is not
that the people lack patriotism; not that they
have drifted away from the true principles of
government, but that they have listened to
false prophets and bad logic. We must brine
back to power the party that has the brains,
statesmanship and business sagacity to con
duct the National Government successfully.
[Prolongt-d applause.]
Would you trust a captain who loses every
vessel ? Would you believe in a man who has
failed in everything ? Yet the Democrats ask
you to do this-— ask you to trust them when
they have failed in all their pledges. A few
years ago the air wus full of Democratic 1 prom
ises — promises free as the air. Their doctrines
of free trade were Fet forth as panaceas for all
our ills. ]Laughter.] But let me say this in
all earnestness: If there is a Democrat in this
audience who is proud of the administration
of his party for the past four years I :~houM
like to have his phot.graph takes: and enlarged
to exhibit to the people of this State. [Great
applause.]
Yet, my friends, it is foolish people that for
get the past, even if the past dies Soon. Each
day dies, each flower fades, yet the experience
of the dead days ought to live as a beacon light
for the future.
But a few months ago no one was so rash as
to suppose that the Democrats had one chance
in forty, much less one in sixteen. [Laugh
ter.] Why? Because the party had cast gloom
everywhere and the people had refused to fot
low more the politicaldoctor who had brought
all his patients to the cemetery. [Gr at ap
plause.] Then why does anybody follow the
Democratic party now? I ask you to apply the
same business sense to politics that you do in
the ordinary affairs of life. Here you find a
party whose promises have ali been ropes of
sand, and If you use your brains, if patriots
everywhere will only think, we will b? saved,
and, thank God, we will have seen the end of
Democracy in this country.
This sentiment met with prolonged ap
plause, after which the speaker hastened
to the tariff question, saying:
The Sate of California has lost more on the
Wilson bill than it would have lost by a blight
or by a total failure of crops. Yet while this
State has lost many millions the New England
States are in sackcloth and ashes, villages
throughout the land are deserted ana the
whole country is psostrated by one brief but
disastrous reign of Democracy. [Applause.]
Fellow-citizens, if you want prosperity, if
you want the factories to start, the products <">[
the farm protected and a general revival of
business vote for McKiniey, who stands for the
American system. [Great applause.]
The speaker next devoted himself to the
attempt of the Democrats to stir up sec
tional strife. Said he:
It;is wrong in this campaign to create tne
Impression that there are classes in this coun
try. What's in broadcloth or in rags? We are
all Americans, and all are equal beiore the
lav. There is do East, no West, no North, no
South. It is all one country, one constitution,
one flag, one destiny. [Great applause.]
Coming to the silver question, the
speaker said many things which met with
great applause. While he persistently
denied that silver was the overshadowing
issue, he admitted that it was an impor
tant question in the campaign. T c
Democrats never discovered it until the
eleventh hour.
But the Republican party has been pre-eml
nentiy the friend oi silver. It nasdone for the
cau>.e of silver more by far\han the Democrats
accomplished from Jefferson to Cleveland.
L'p to 18-11 the whole amount of silver coined
in this country was about eight millions of
dollars, but the amount from that time on runs
bu . oiid $450,000,000. In 1801 there were in
circulation but 13 cents per capita, while to
day $8 circulate for every person. [Applause.]
The Repub.ican party is for honest, genuine
bimetallism. That great party is for conserva
tive money; it favors gold and silver, the ono
uqual to the other. We want a dollar worth
100 cents, so that if you take the wings of
morning and fly to the wave-washed isles of the
distant sea, wnn auy piece of money bearing
the American stamp, it will dc* worth Ks fnce
In sold. [Tremedous applause.]
Why is it that the American silver dollar is
worth 100 cents? Why are ali forms of our
circulating medium kept at par, even the little
nickel? Because the Republican party has
enacted and preserved the true system oi
money, so that all grades of money are redeem
able in coin, in gold. But the Government
cannot keep these forms of money at par if the
mints of the United States are thrown open to
the silver oi the world. If we stay wh^re we
are and follow busi ness lines we are safe, but
if we follow false prophets we will go to' the
wa'.l.
Now I want you to bear in mind that the
Republican party has made a promise to do all
in its power for international bimetallism*!
but that party is not rash enough to oppose
the en'ire commercial world on a scheme that
would bankrupt the treasury of the entire
Nation.
I tell you, fellow-citizens, tins great Nation
mu-i be sustained in its honor and intcgrit.-.
There are gome things more to be desired than
gold and silver. We must uphold National
honor aud bound niouey, must preserve the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
constitution and the fiac, emblems of our lib
erty.
Mr. Shortridge discussed the tariff at
considerable leng'h, showing that free
tra'ie had ever brought ruin, and provine
the truth of McKinley's proposition that
open mills are more to be desired than
oppn mints. At the conclusion of the
speech there was great applause.
Republicans feel that the campaign has
Degun in earnest and that McKiuley and
protection will win.
JAPAN MAY LOSE FORMOSA.
European Powers Casting Longing Eyes
Toward the Island That Cannot Be
Fully Subdued.
SEATTLE," Wash., Aug. 31.— Th* steam
ship Miike Maru arrived in port this after
noon trom Yokohama, Japan, with the
following advices: Formosa contiuues in
a state of rebellion acainst Japanese rule.
Japanese forces are kept constantly on the
alert in an endeavor t.o subdue the rebels.
Discussing this state of affairs the Japan
Daily Mail urges the immediate suppres
sion of upri-ings and says: "There are
certain foreign countries that have long
turned longing eyes upon Formosa, and
are most anxious to gain possession of it.
If in view of these repeated disturbances
and failures to administer the island the
world decides that Japan is not competent
to hold it, what a bitter disgrace it will be
to her."
Continuing, the paper says the only way
in which the Government can raise funds
for the suppression of disorder and to
bring about peace is "to take a really bold
step, racing a loan, domestic and foreign,
on security of the island. If Formosa be
placed in pledge there would be no diffi
culty in obtaining 100,000,000 yen, for for
eigners would be delighted to go into such
an investment."
Early in August many papers discussed
the probable resignation of the Ito Minis
try. The Kokumin said: "The Ito Cabi
net is clever in pleasing foreigners, but
unskilled in using them to its own pur
poses. Hence it meets with many contre
temps in its foreign policy. The methods
pursued by the Ito Cabinet suggest that
to show friendship toward the representa
tives of great powers is deemed sufficient,
but we see no evidence of any attempt to
make use of the services of foreigners so
that Japan's interests may be boldly
pushed."
Great damage is being done by floods
to the rice crop and property in Niigata.
The rice harvest has b«en reduced less
than half, and the Prefect of Niigata has
ordered that no rice be exported "until
the misery of poor sufferers has been alle
viated to a reasonable extent."
The western part of Toyama has been
flooded and over 6000 houses inundated.
T>*tit>eiler at Portland.
PORTLAND. Ob., Aug. 31.— Grand Ex
alted Ruler Meaue D. Detweiler of the
Elks arrived this morning from California.
He was taken in charge by a committee
from Portland Lodge No. 142 and driven
about the city during the afternoon. In
the evening he was tendered a reception
at the iodgerooms. He will leave for
Pu.set Sound and the East to-morrow
morning.
Receiver liurlrigh Step* Out.
SEATTLE, Wash., Auir. 31.— At mid
night Andrew F. Burleighol the Northern
Pacific road turned over all property in
his receivership district to the reorgan
ized Northern Pacific Railway Company.
He had been in charge as receiver for
eleven months. The entire road is now
under a uew management and ownership
THE VISION AT INDIANAPOLIS.
"jtfngets and ministers of yrace, defend vs —
&o thou a spirit of hoaith cr goblin damned. "
HOVEL EXHIBITS .
AT SACRAMENTO
To- Day the Forty-Third
State Fair Will
Open.
BIG CROWDS EXPECTED
The Pavilion Houses a Rich
Array of California
Products.
LIVESTOCK HERDS ARRIVING.
Horticu tural and Viticultural Depart
ments Well Fill' d— Senator
Teller to Speak.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Aug. 31.—To
morrow is the opening aay of the forty
third annual fair of the State Agricultural
Society. To-morrow the big show at one
of the handsomest and most spacious pa
vilions and at one of the fastest tracks
that was ever pressed by a horseshoe will
open. The crowd is coming, and the
hotels are prepared for the crowd. That a
large representation is expected from some
of the truly rural districts oi the State is
indicated by the enterprising landlord,
who is also in business as a lifetfcaver,
brand new signs reading thus hanging
from some of the chandeliers:
"Please do not blow out the gas. It will
kill you."
Out at the beautiful pavilion everything
is hurry and bustle. A great force of
painters, decorators, carpenters, exhibit
ors and expressmen were rushing to and
fro to-day, bringing exhibits out of boxes
and order out of chaes. The roofs of the
pavilion are one vast spectacle of glowing,
moving colors. Flags and penants and
graceful festoons hang from the ralters.
It at once brings to the memory visions of
the Midwinter Fair.
The exhibits were not all in this after
noon, but the work of arranging them con
tinued with an extra force of men last
night, and they were hard at work until
far into tc-night. In fact it was the inten
tion not to stop work at all until the
pavilion was presentable for the opening.
An idea of the extent of the show may be
had from the fact that in an annex to the
main pavilion there are 1200 coops for prize
' chickens, and every coop is taken. The
chicken show alone will bring procession
after procession of spectators. ?£art of the
space of Machinery Hall was given^up"to
the poultry exhibit.
Though all the pictures are not yet hung,
it ia said that the art gallery will present
a greater variety of pictures and be a finer
exhibit artistically than that at any pre
ceding fair. Tnis morning .there were
great piles of boxes and cases containing
rare works ol art on the floor, but they
were being rapidly opened and the pictures
hung by an energetic corps of workers. It
was promised that the art gallery would
ready for the sightseers to-morrow
The livestock exhibit out at the race
track will be on>: of the finest departments
of the fair. Herds came in on ever\
freight train to-day. It may take this de
partment a day or two to put on its beat
appearances.
Cassava's band will supply the music for
the nineteen days of the fair. There will
be no formal opening exercises. The fair
will just open, the ticke'.-takeis will take
their places, the band will play and spec
tators will be made welcome. Next week
there is to be a big speech by Senator
Henry M. Teller of Colorado and other
prominent Eastern politicians.
Special pride i> taken in the departments
of horticulture and viticulture. Aa these
resources are two of the State's great
specialties, so are they purticu ! arly exten
sive and attractive departments ot the
fair.
The exhibits altogether exceed those of
former years, it is said, and the fair prom
ises to be tie most noteworthy helJ by
the society.
,s.fw,/j; CITTISG AfFKAT.
Aged Men Quarrel While Vrunk and One
May IHti. . :-'.:Y '".","•
FRESNO, Gal., Au -. 31.— A cutting
atfray took place at Sander yesterday.
The victim, Frank Hawk, a man about 50
years old, will probably die. John Sipp,
wi odid the cutting, lives it "BilT'Bonni
rield's place, and is nearly 70 years old.
He is a veteran soldier.
The quarrel . between Sipp and Hawk
occurred at D ivid Quail's place, four miles
north of Sanger. and was the result of a
drunken quarrel over a bottle of whisky.
Sipp seized a pocket-knife and made a
slash at Hawk, laying open the abdomen
with a gash over three inches in length.
Sipp gave himself up to Deputy Constable
J. W. Perry at Sanger, who brought his
prisoner to the Fresno jail. Sipp refuses
to make a statement.
MURDERED IN DEL NORTE
Charles Perry's Body Found by
Sheriff Ferguson Near
Crescent City.
Placer Miners Are Holding Captive a
Man Supposed to Be His
Slayer.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Aug. 31.—Infor
mation was received cere to-day from
Sheriff Fred Ferguson of Del Norte
County, Cal., that the body of Charles
Perry had been found in a well on the old
wagon road between Kerbyville, Or., and
Crescent City, Cal.
Perry had been employed at the Brown
Copper Company's smelter at Waldo, and
when the piaut was closed last spring for
improvements he was induced by a man
named Nealson to go with him to a sup
posedly rich placer claim about twenty
miles from Waldo, in the direction of the
coast. Perry, before starting on the trip,
asKed the advice of W. H. Wood, who had
charge of the smelter, and Wood advised
him not to go, as there were no placer
claims in California or Oregon that wouid
jcive 50 cents to the pan, as had been rep
resented by Nealson, and if a man haa a
claim half as rich he need never work a
/day.-
V "And," added ' Wood, . "I am an old
timer in Oregon, Charley. Beware of that
m!in."
; In spite of Wood's advice and warning
Perry left with his man. A few evenings
after their departure Nealson, it is claimed.
— Jfam'et, ftct /, Scene 4.
9howed up at Payne station and offered
Perry's watch for sale to t!>«' storekeeper,
who, luckily for justice, '...tight it and
afterward itloaman named Smith,
who carried it to Hum bold t County, Cal.
Wood, not hearing from his old smelter
employe, reported lii* suspicions to Sheriff
Ferguson of D-l Xorte County, Cal., nnd
also to the Sheriff of Josephine Covintv,
Or. The Del Norte Sheriff (Ferguson)
hearing about tne sale of the watch tol
lowea ap the clew and located the watch
in Humboldt County. Ferguson then
turned hia attention to the finding of
Perry's bi dv, for although the miner sus
1> ■< ti d Nealson yet t:;ere was only the evi
dence of the watch against him and to
arrest him might defeat the ends of jus
tice.
In the meantime Nealson went to or
near Cresrent City to see his wife, from
whom he had I een separated. He told
her that his father had died in the Wil
lamette Yailev and iia<l leit him a small
fortune. He bought furniture and other
wise fitted up the house, but never sus
pected that the eyes of Fred Ferguson
were upon him night and day. Time
after time the Sheriff searched for Perry's
body, and after five months' perseverance
tie was rewarded by finding it yesterday in
an old well some distance from the Payne
sta c station.
Whether Nealson has been regularly ar
resied or not cannot be definitely ascer
tained, but word has reached here that
forty p'aeer miners have taken charge of
Nealson at Summit, and he is in danger
of lynching.
FIGHT NEAR CA RUT UERS.
Two Men Engage in a Bloody Combat
on the Plain*.
FRESNO, Cal., Aug. 31.— Zach D. Baker
and J. V. Clovd were brought to the
County Jail by Deputy Sheriff Timrnins
and Deputy Constabl • Henry from Caru
thers, fifteen miles south of this city, early
thi> morning. The two men had fought a
desperate battle on the plains near Caru
thers, during which Baker almost cut
Cloyd's coat to pieces wih a razor, but
the blude failed to penetrate to the flesh.
Cloyd used rocks in defense, and cut a
severe »;ash in his opponent's scalp. He
is much smaller than Baker, and suffered
the most punishment. He was horribly
bruised about the face and his features
were unrecognizaole.
Each m:in claims that the other robbed
him of $80 wi.ile they were driving along
the road. Baker says that he gave Cloyd
the beating and used the razor on him to
get him to give up the troney he had
stolen. Baker had fallen asleep, and
claims that Cloyd then took the money
from his pocket. Cloyd, on the other
hand, says that it was a genuine case of
hold-up. He had $30 in his pocket and
Baker knew this. Baker demanded it,
and upon refusal began beating Cloyd
and slashing at him with the razor. Baker
finally overpowered him and took the
money.
The officers do not know which story to
believe.
MARICOPA ML DISASTER.
Iteo Sectionm of a Passenger Train
Crash Togrther.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Am-. 31.-The train
from Maricopa to Phcenix broke in two
when about five miles out from Maricopa
this morning. The airbrakes stopped the
front section, and the rear cars crashed
into it, slightly injuring a number of pas
sengers and employes.
Conductor P. A. Phillips was caught be
tween two cars as he jvas attempting to
se; the brakes, and the bones of his left
lee were badly crushed above the ankle.
He was otherwise cut and braised. It is
probable he will lose his limb. Governor
Franklin was a passenger, returning from
California, and was badly shaken up, but
•ot seriously iniured.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MOUNT HOOD
IN ERUPTION
Mountain - Climbers Face
Death Near the
Summit.
IN THE PATH OF AN
AVALANCHE.
Bow'ders Started Down Toward
Them by a Volcanic
Disturbance.
SEVERAL OF THE PARTY ARE
INJURED.
Miss Fay Killingsworth Hurled Into
a Crevasse and Buried Beneath
Rocks and Earth.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 31.— 1t was only
through mere chance — a miracle, some
might say — that the party of mountain
climbers that made the ascent of Mount
Hood last Wednesday was not buried be
neath an avalanche of rock and ashes.
There was an eruption as the party, of
which Wiliam Killingsworth and his
daughter, Miss Fay, were members, was
making the descent of the mountain, and
the wonder is not that only a few were in
jured, but that the party escaped at all.
The party, which consisted of twenty
one persons, had reached the summit of
Mount Hood in safety at about 3:40
o'clock in the afternoon, and bad started
down again, wlien it met with an expe
rience that none of its members will care
to pass through again. They had come to
a crevasse, some four feet deep, which
about half of their number had crossed,
when they were startled by a rumbling
sound resembling the roar of distant
thunder or artillery. The next instant
the earth trembled, and smoke and steam
were set n issuing from a lowering cliff di
rectly aoove them. The air seemed to be
tilled with flying rocks, and an avalanche
of bowlders came tearing down the moun
tainside directly toward the point where
the helpless little knot of mountaineers
were standing.
There was no time to think, no way of
escape, and no power on earth could stop
the downward flight of those leaping
bowlders. In an instant almost the aya
lanclie was upon them. One of the larg
est bow ders must have struck near Miss
Fay Kil ingsworth, who was stanuing be
tween her sisters Dora ami Nannie, for she
was listed into the air, her body being
twisted into a circle so that her hands and
feet touched, and thrown into a crevasse
some ten feet deep, where she was after
ward picked up unconscious. The bowl
der cleared this crevasse and theu con
tinue! its fisrht down the mountainside.
The rest of the party escaped more for
tunately.
The guide who accompanied the party
at once went to Miss KilJingsworth's res
cue. Upon getting down into the crevasse
into which she ha I been thrown he saw
only a piece of her dress. By dint of hard
work, however, he soon had her body un
covered.
The young lady's face and hands were
brui.-ed and bleeding and ~he was uncon
scious. A small Mask of brandy was the
only restorative at hand, and this was
applied in all haste, with the desired
result. Miss Kiliingsworth had to be
carried down the mountain, and then Dr.
Raffely was summoned by telephone from
Portland, as it was feared that she was
seriously and perhaps fatally injured.
The eruption lasted but a few minutes.
After the rocks and a3hes that were
tiirown up had fallen and the bowlaers
reached their destination at the foot of
the mountain all was serene again. Sev
eral others in the party wore struck by
the rocks, but none of them were seri
ously injured.
VANCOUVER'S NEW INDUSTRY.
Chosen as the Site for a Mammoth
Smelter, Lost to Tacoma Because
of the Silver Agitation.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 31.— Manager
W. R. Rust of the Tacoma smelter .has
gone to Vancouver, B. C, to meet repre
sentatives of British and American capi
talists who are to locate there large s«nelt
ing works, of which Mr. Rust will be man
ager.
A four-stack smelter is to be built, hav
ing a capacity of 400 tons of ore per day
and giving steady employment to 250 men.
British Columbia, Alaska and South
American ores are to be smelted. London,
Montreal and New York capitalists are in
terested in the enterprise, at the head of
which is C. D. Simpson, a wealthy coal
mine operator of Scranton, Pa.
Work will commence at once, that the
plant may be in operation within six
months.
Manager Rust isquotea as having stated
that the smelter goes to British Columbia
Instead of this State, because the British
capitalists interested would not invest
money in the United States at present
owing to the silver agitation.
Mr. Rust said before leaving that the
American tariff on silver and lead ores
also had much to do with it. Four
months ago it was intended to quadruple
the size of ihe Tacoma smelter at once,
but this improvement will now be delayed
until the currency question is settled.
The Vancouver company will have a
capital of $1,000,000, all of which ia re
ported to be paid in.
Cariboo's Jiieh Hint.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 31.— Word
has been received from Cariboo that the
last clean-up of sluices and cuts in the
Cariboo hydraulic mine amounted to
$81,600, after a twenty-live days' run. This
is the biggest 'prize of bullion ever cap
tured from any mine in the &ame space of
tinie-2
TOUR OF A MAN
WITH ONE IDEA,
Bryan of Nebraska Talks
for Silver as He
Travels.
IXHIBITS TO MACCABEES
Ambiguous Attempt to Secure
Indorsement by a New
York Convention.
THEN OHIO 15 BOLDLY INVADED
Large Crowds Assemble at Stations,
but There Are Many Manifesta
tions for McKinley.
CHAUTAUQUA, N. V., Aug. 31.— Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan left Lakewood at 7:30
o'clock this morning on the little Ch&u
tauqua lake steamer Celeron, accompanied
bj a number of people from Jamestown.
At Beiuus Point the boat made a landing
Jong enough to permit the candidate to
shake hands with about a hundred people.
A crowd of about the same number greeted
him at Chautauqua landing, where the
Celeron arrived at 9:15 a. m. There were
cheers for Bryan and counter cheers for
Me Kin Icy.
Mr. and Mr<. Bryan were takei in charge
by Gay H. Fuller, postmaster, and dritren
around the famous assembly grounds. At
10 o'clock the Celeron with the Bryan
party on board left for Mayville. Before
leaving Chauiauqua Mr. Bryan made a
little speech.
RIPLEY, N. V., Aug. 31.— At Chau
tauqua Mr. and Mrs. Bryan were driven
about the grounds and the buildings
pointed out and described as well as the
system of educaiion. The party stopped
at the residence of Coleman E. Bishop,
former editor of the New York Judge and
ttie Buffalo Express, who is one of the
Chautaaqua liepublicans who will support
Bryan.
After leaving Mr. Bishop's Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan drcve to Prospect Park, where
Mr. Bryan, despite h:s assertion that he
would not speak, made a three-minute
speech to 500 people. He taid his visit
had no political significance. When he
found he was so near Chautauqua he
touid not withstand the temptation of
visiting the place, lie =aid he had a great
regard for the work done at Chautauqua
and that the Chautauqua platform was
broad tnounti to aliow the discussion of
every question. He thank d the people
for assembling. As he drove away he was
p.ven the Chautauqua salute, which is the
waving of handkerchiefs.
Mayville, wh eh is t..e home of Judge
Albion \V. Tuurt'ee, who is at present
stumping for Major -McKinley, was
reached at 10:30 a. m. Mr. Bryan spofce
here from the balcony of the hotel to 400
people, and his reference to Judge Totir
gee's books caused laughter I'rotn the
crowd that heard mm. He said that Mr.
Jefferson had the correct idea when he,
said that governments were founded in!
jealousy, not in confidence — that con
tidence was every where ihe parent of des-,
potism. Mr. Bryan continued:
Show me a people who are so confident in
their leaders that they take no part in the de
tai.s oi government and I will show you a
people who.-c leaders. look out for themselves
ana not the interests oi all the people. .Snow
me a people who, instead of having too much
confidence are jeuious oi their liberties, are
watchiul of their servants and careful as to
the policies proposed by the different varieties
and I w ill show > on a people mat have a good
Government. [Cheers.]
In this campaign' parties come to you with
their plaitorms outlining what they will do,
and Hi this campaign there is one great ques
tion which overshadows ail others — the money
question. On this question the two leading
parlies take positions entirely antagonistic to
each other. 'Ihe Republican pa. 'y declares in
Its platform that the gold standard must be
maiutained umil the leading commercial na
tions join witk us in Kubstiiutiii*; b.metallisru
for the gold standard. They don't say that a
gold standard is eood, but ssmpiy that we
must continue to have it until other nations
help us to secure something which the Re
publican platiorm admits to be better, nameiy,
bimetallism.
Now, the Democratic party takes an entirely
different position, lleretoiore it has been too
much the eus' :u for botn parties to tHke am
biguous positions and to straddle the ques
tion. This year they did not do that. Xne
Republican party has declared for tne mainte
nance of the gold standard until other nations
come to our relief. The Democratic party de
clares for the immediate restoration oi the
tree and unlimited coinage of cold and silver
at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1 without
waiting for the aid or consent oi any foreign
nation on earth. That makes the issue. The.
Democratic i>arty Bays that bimetallism is de
sirable and that it is desirable right now, and
ttiiit it is not only a gooJ thing, but it is a
good thing which cannot come tup high for
toe American people. [Cheers.]
It not only says that bimetallism is a good
thing, but ;iiat we ought to have it right now.
What ei.se does it do? In order that nobody
maymisunderatand.it declares that the peo
ple who are to secure bimetallism, are the
American peopie themselves, and that we are
not justified in waiting one single day for a
foreign nation to come to our help. The Dem
ocratic platform declares that the American
j.ccl>le should restore bimetallism for them
selves, whether other naiions a*d us aud cou
heiittoitor not. [Cheer*.]
I wantyou to tniuk over this money ques
tion and find out how it «il"ects you. You have
justaimnch right to find out how it affects
> ■ ii a- m.y other class oi our people — as those
who lire engaged in negotiating with the Gov
ernment lor the sale of bonds on whicu the
peopie have to pay interest. The people have
a riphi to protest a^am-t such burdens. You
are lamiiiar with the aid expression oi making
bricks witnout straw.
I want to say to you, my friends, that no sys
tem, no policy lu.s been c nttived by the mind
Of man so calculated to make the toil: ng
mull make bricks without .Mraw as the gold
standard, [cheers] and I want to suggest to
iron that the man who goes to the financiers
und syndicate to secure their aid in restoring
a parly that is good for the American peop.e
g oes on a fool's errand. I thank you.
Mr. Bryan|bowed his (banks. Some one
In the crowd calied for "Tnree cheers for
William McK.nlev." and the cheers were
given with apparent good will.
Sir. Bryan arrived at itipley at 1:30 p. m.
after a rather uninteresting drive across
the country from Mayvilie. The candi
date and his wife took dinner at the house
of Lyman Bennett wi;h Hon. Charles Cor
bmt, a member of the Democratic fetate
Committee and other supporters.
Mr. Bryan made a si>eech to a large
crowd, and left for Cleveland over the
Lake Shore road at 3:05 p. m. His speech
was delivered in Taiimau"s Grove, where
the Knights of Maccabee were holding a
picnic. His audience numbered 2000, and
was fairly enthusiastic. Mr. Bryan wa3
introduced by the chief officer, W. 8.
Striimharn, who took care, however, to
!^y that he did not indorse him, but had
produced him here as an attraction for the
people. As the question was one on
which they desired to hear Mr. Bryan, he
hoped they would give him clone atten
tion. Mr. Bryan said:
I desire to sneak to you for just a short time
about this campaign. But before proceeding
to discuss any political questions I desire to
thank the members of this fraternity .lor the
p rivilege v hici. they have-given to me of meet
ng the people here as/emujed. I shall not nslc
jho members of the fraternity to indorse any
thing that I say. I recognize that the order is
non-partisan, as it must be, and therefore
politics s>hould have no place in its considera
tion— is, so far as the order Is concerned;
although members of .ill orders must be, as
citizens, interested in any question that is be
lore the American people. Not only do I ap
preciate the courtesy which the .Maccabees
have extenued, but I appreciate the work
which that order and others are doing. I am
myself a member of some of the similar orders,
and 1 speak what 1 believe when I say they are
doing a great and important work among our
people. [Applause.]
Tn s is the last opportunity which I shall
have to say a word in the State of New York.
For the last week I have been traveling and
meeting the people. I am greatly pleased
With the interest which is being taken oy the
people of New York in the issue of this cam
paign. lam able to carry back to the people
of the West the news thai while we have not
met with a very hearty reception in Wall
street, we have met a hearty reception in every
other part of the State of New York. [Cheers.]
And I have come to belipve there is among the
masses of the people of Now York about as lit
tle love for Wull street as you will find in any
Western State. [Cheers.] And as this is my
farewell meeting in the btate for the present, I
desire to suDtnit just a word to the people of
New York. First, to the members of the Dem
ocratic parly: 1 have been gratified to rind
that so tew — few relatively the members of
the Democratic party are going to oppose the
platform and ticket nominated at Chicago. I
desire 10 bay a word to the Democrats ot this
State who believe that the State Convention
ought to indorse not only the candidates of trie
Chicago convention but the platform on which
these candidates btana. [Cheer.v]
If there Is any person here who thinks that
the Democratic party of the State of New York
ougnt not to indorse the candidates and plat
form what 1 shall .say is not addressed to such
persons, but to those who believe that the
State convention to be held in this State in
about two weeks should indorse both platform
and candidates I desire to offer one sugges
tion. We have had a great light in the Demo
cratic party — one oi the most memorable con
testsever waged in ihellnitedSiates — and those
who advocate the free coinage of silver huve
won. oy carrying their cause not to the con
ventions but to the people themselves, the
source of all political power. [Cheers.].
If we h&d waited until the convention as
sembled at Chicago and then made our appeal
to the delegates who hud been sent there unin
structed and without regard to the money
question we should have been defeated, but we
saw that the strength of bimetallism was in
the rank and fiie of the party.
ii you want the state convention to support
the Chicago plniform and ticket there is only
one way to be sure of it and thtt is not to let
any man go to any convention, great or small,
uniil you Know When ne stands on this ques
tion, and know that he stands by you. [Ap
plause.] No man who wants to" uo what is
right will refuse to let the people know what
he will do when he gets to the convention.
The men who assemble at conventions ao not
go mere as individuals. They go to act for
you who send them. And you not only have a
right to know what a man is going to no when
he gets there, butyou have a right to tell him
what 'o do and to bind him witn instructions
to do it. I do not, in making these suggestions,
mean to advise any of you how he shall act in
regard to the indorsement of the action taken
by the Democratic National Convention, but
simply wish to suggest u> you that if you wish
to indorse that convention that Is the only
way you will be sure. That is the way in
which this fight must be carried on ii the
people are to have their wishes expressed in
the convention. 1 have not in this campaign
Insisted that a Democrat shall vote lor me
merely because I was nominated by the Demo
cratic party. I have Insisted that a Democrat
who believes that the success of this ticket
nominated at Chicago would be best for h.s
country, best for himself, best for his family
and best for his neighbor, should regard the
ticket as having such a claim upon him that he
would have to support it. [Applause.]
And 1 have been willing 10 concede that any
Democrat who conceives that the election of
anybody cisc would be belter lor the country
than the election of the Chicago ticket has a
perfect right to make his vote express what he
thinks, but when I concede to the Democrats
the right to leave their party, to desert their
ticKet and to support somebody else, 1 apply
that same doctrine of independence to mem
bers oi other parties, and ii a Democrat who is
engaged in some big syndicate has a righi to
leave the Democratic party because the Repub
lican party is a friend of syndicates, then
members oi the Republican [arty who do not
want the country to be ruinod by syndicates
have a right to aesdrt the publican party.
There are things in our platiorin which are
offensive to some people, They were pui there
on purpose to offend Mine people. There is an
cl i baying: "No thief ever felt the halter draw
with good opinion of the law."
No person who thinks that it is the great
privilege of this Government to turn over the
instrumentalities of this Government to a lew
people in order that they may prosper while
tne masses tell without recompense is not
likely to be pUased with that plank * in the
platforsa which says that the Democratic
part* is opposed to Hie issue of bonds in times
of ptiiCe a..d to trafficking with syndicates
which at a high price attempt to sustain the
treasury of the United States. They were
never expected to like that. It was not put in
to make mem -:!.. l. it was put in because the
Democratic party intends to drive away these
people and to stop the business of legislation
lor their advantage.
The remainder of Mr. Bryan's speech
was devoted to an argument on the silver
question, covering the grounds which his
former speeches have made lamiiiar to
the public.
JOVRA Mil' i> JMO 01110.
Bryan Inflictt I'poit Hearer* His btale
f>ucteen-to- One Joke.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 31.— The
journey made by Candidate Bryan from
Itipley. N. V., to Cleveland was marked
principally hy a fluttering demonstration
at Ashtabula, Ohio, where nearly 3000
■people gathered about his car and cheered
him with a vim. Previous to reaching
Ashtabula the candidate was cheered at
Northeast, Pa., where a number of people
also shook his hand. The hand-shaking
process was repeated in the station at
Erie, Pa., where the train stopped ten
minutes.
At Conneaut the first stop was made in
Major McKinley's Slate, and here Mr. !
and Mrs. Bryan were greeted by Daniel j
McConville, chairman of the Democratic i
Executive Committee of Ohio. There was i
no mistaking the heartiness of the Ashta- !
bula reception. Cheers were continuous !
and they came with increased vigor when j
Mr. Bryan referred to Republicans chang
ing their politics in this campaign. Ash
tabula has been a stronghold of Repub
licanism since the days before the war.
Here Mr. Bryan opened his Ohio cam
paigii. Mr. and Mrs. Bryan went out on
the rear platform of the car, and cheers
were called for and given for the United j
States flag and lor Mrs. Bryan. Mr. Bryan
eaid:
I understand that this is one of the places
where it is not necessary for a Democrat to
speak, as there are Republicans here who are
running the campaign and making the
speeches and they do not need anybody to
come in from the ontside. My friends, I recog
nize your salute to the fl ig, and I stand upon
a platform which declares that the people who
owe allegiance to that flag are the only people
who have a rit?m to say what our policy shall
be. In this country, where you have so many
instances of Republicans who are coming out
for free silver, I want you to ask yourselves
one question: If this lree-sllver sentiment is
a craze; if it has no substantial foundation; I
it, as our opponents say, it is founded on dis
honesty and ignorance, I want to ask I
you how it is that honest - thinking i
Republicans are willing to leave the associa- !
tions of a lifetime in order to stand by the:
free coinage of silver? Why is it that you can j
find any number of men who in the last three I
mouths by study hMve come to believe in that !
to which they were opro'ed? [A voice, "Be- I
cause they nre honest."] And how is it that !
you cannot find a Democrat who was for free '
silver three months ago and who is opposed to I
it now, unless he is a man who hns a pecuniary
reason tor deser.iiiK the Democratic party'?
We have a cause that appeals to the intellect !
of the American people. We have a cause that '
appeals to the hearts of the American people,
and lor every Democrat who goes away from
the Democratic party because of its altitude
on the money question, because of its opposi
tion to bond issues and because it is in lavor
of controlling and suppressing trusts in this
country, we expect sixteen to take his place
[Voice in the crowd, "Sixteen to one."]
Sixteen to one has several meanings; but
one of the meanings of sixteen to one, and the
one which our opponents fear most, is that we
will get sixteen men for every one we lose
[Cheers and laughter.] You people have dis
cussed b nd issues, and i want to ask you my
friends, whether the citizens of this country 1
who moil be taxed to pay every dollar of the '
,000,000 of bonds issued-itlie working
man, the laboring man, the wealth-producing
class, the business men— not as much !
riant to protest by their votes against bond
issues as the syndicates have to fas:en that
policy upon the Government for another ad
minis-ration. Our platform declares against
these bond issues.
The Republican platform i-? silent on the
subject, and there is not a prominent Repub
lican who dared to raise his vole* against the
financial policy oi the present administration, i
If we must lose the Democrats who have 1
profiled by bond issues, why ought not we to •
gain the Kepublicana who We suffered an.d i
THE SAN FRAJN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1596.
i will suffer by those Issues. Are there any Re
| publicans in this crowd? [Shouts of "No."]
Are there any men in thin crowd whotiave
been Republicans? [?h >uts of "Yes."] If
there are any Republicans here who are going
tot vote the Democratic t'eket, litt up your
I hands. [Laughter and uprising of ha'ids.] I
am R'ftd io know that. Now I commission you
to get out as missionaries mid to bring
this doctrine before nil the people of your
county. This is a political campaign, it is
j developing more public speaking than any
, campaign that we have had since the war.
I Some of our opponents are afraid that if we
have free coinage of silver we are goinic to be
; tioubled with a fifty-cent dollar. It will be a
; new experience to a few people to be troubled
i with any kind of dollars. [Laughter anil ap
; plause.] We do no! expect the silver dollar to
i be a titty-cent dollar. We expect that with
I the opening of our mints to iree silver every
ounce oi silver will be worth $1 29.
S mie one asked the candidate a ques
tion on the silver question when he con
cluded his address, and after Mr. Bryan
answered this a number of other questions
i bearing on the main issue of the campaign
i were put to him by other people, his reply
I in each case bringing clieera from the
1 crowd.
Meanwhile a^ lively scene was going on
around a window of the car out of which
Mrs. Bryan leaned and dLtribut d flowers
; from bouquets that had been presented to
her. Men and women foucht for blos
soms and the sci amble was at its height
i when the train moved out, followed by
J tremendous cheering. The next stou w.is
: at Geneva, where several hundred people
were gathered, and more handshaking and
cheering took place.
Madison had a unique reception which
: Mr. Bryan seemed to enjoy heartily. The
members of the Madison McKinley Club,
bearing their banner and wearing McKin
ley badges, marched up to the train and
gave three hearty cheers for the Republi
can candidate. The train moved out be
fore there was an opp rtunity lor any
thing further, and Mr. Bryan waved his
hat at ins enthusiastic opponents as he
sped on his westward journey.
At Painesville a committee from the
Cleveland Sorosis, headed by Mrs. N. Coe
Stewart, its president, boarded the train,
laden with flowers for Mrs. Bryan, who is
president of the Lincoln branc of
the organization. Ex-Congressman M.
A. Foran and others from Cleve
land aho joined Mr. Bryan there.
The Painesville audier.ee numbered
about 800 and showed much enthusiasm.
Mr. Bryan was called on for a speech
and in reply said: "There is only one
j issue in the campaign which the people
seem desirous to hear anything about.
; That is the money question, and the great
| point that comes into discussion on that
i question is whether this Nation shall
; have its own financial policy and by its
! own people, or whether it will let others
decide for them."
There was a handful of people to cheer
the candidate at the pretty village of
Mentor, famous as the home of Garlield.
Willoughby, farther on, furnished
amusement to the candidate's party by
tiie zeal and activity displayed by the 2tX)
people gattier-d there to get a chmpse of
Mr. Bryan. The candidate's car stopped
j thort of tne station and a rush was made
| to tet to the platform wuere he was
I standing. Unfortunately for many a
I fence was in the way, and over this men,
! women and children scrambled with dis
| regard for appearance. Most of them ac
| complished their ot.j^ct, however, and
shook hands with Mr. Bryan.
GREAT CROWDS AT CLEVELAND.
Jiryan Receives a ltig Send- Off During
Hi* Exhibition There.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 31.— The wel
come given W. J. Brvan by the people of
Cleveland to-night was unprecedented in
his campaign tour from New York to his
home in Nebraska. Beyond doubt it was
the most macniheent and most gratifying
reception ever accorded to the young can
didate, exceeding in heartiness even the
greeting of the city of Buffalo last Friday,
and that was an oration of which any man
might well be proud.
Arriving at Lake Shore station, he found
packed as closely as anything short of act
ual suffocation would allow in and about
the station thousands of people who«e im
pulse seemed to be to cheer and shout
with all the power of their lungs in honor
of the Democratic candidate. All day
long the interest of the va?t crowds that
thronged the streets had been whetted by
po itical meetings on corners, addressed
by regularly assigned speakers, and the
arrival of Bryan contingents from Canton
and other places had augmented the ai
ready overcharged feelings of political in
terests. Fifteen sections composed one
excursion train that brought enthusiastic
bilverite-i to see the show, and it is claimed
that TuOO people came from Canton alone,
and included in this was the Canton
Bryan and Sewall Club, numbering 2000
men. Many other Bryan and Sewall clubs
came from towns In Ohio and Pennsyl
vania, nearly all brineing bands of music.
Ten thousand people had gathered in
and about the Lake Shore station to await
the arrival of the nominee's train, and
when it arrived they shouted with a vim
that showed their earnestness. An open
carriage drawn by four white horses was
in waiting for Mr. and Mrs. Bryan and in
t::is they were conveyed through streets
crowded with cheering people to the Hol
lenden Hotel, followed by more than a
score of other carriages containing mem
bers of the local committee and escorted
by silver clubs from many of the Cleve
land wards. A National salute was tired
by Battery A, Onio National (iuard, as the
train came in and fireworks displayed all
alone the route to the hotel. More than
2000 cheering, yelling men and boys clung
close to the nominee's carriage from the
depot to the hotel. When the carriage
reached the Centennial arch erected in
commemoration of CleveianJ'3 one hun
dreth anniversary as a Settlement, the
magnificent structure burst into a flood of
light, furnished by a myriad of electric
g obes.
Afier a hasty dinner at the Hollenden
Mr. Bryan was escorted by maoy of the
local and visiting silver clubs through
highways packed closely with people to
the Central Armory, an immense struc
ture, capable oi seating more than nOuO
people. But double that number were
crowded in the auditorium. As Mr.
Bryan entered he wus given such an ova
tion as few men rarely receive. Cheer
after cheer went up and the people forgot
their suffocating position in their desire
to shout. After some, time Mr. Bryan
was allowed to speak.
There was nothing new in the address
delivered by the young orator, but he put
a fervor into his words and gestures that
gave the audience every opportunity of
ventine its enthusiasm. The speech
there was the principal one delivered by
Mr. Bryan during tne evening. Most of
the crowd left tiie armory when he had
concluded, leaving a comparatively small
number to hear Hon. M. A. For&n and
Thomas U. Fitzsimmons.
It was tl;e «arae scene of enthusinsm
over atrain at Music Hall, where Mr. Bry
and went immediately from the armory.
Ten thousand more people were there aiid
they cheered turn as heartily and as fre
quently as those at the armory had done.
Back to the Hollenden Hotel the candi
date was hurried from Muh;c Hail and
from the balcony he delivered a third ad
dress to the vast concourse of people gath
ered in ttie open streets. When he con
cluded and stepped back the crowd pressed
into the lobby of the hotel and managed
to corral ti:e candidate, who shook hands
with so many that he was fairly exhausted
when he made his escape.
Tumbler Workers to btrike.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Aug. 31.— A strike
will probably be declared at the Roches
ter (Pa.) Tumbler Works to-morrow.
A reduction of 20 per cent in wages
has been offered, which the employes will
refuse to accept. It is openly threatened
that any attempt to run in new men will
be resisted by violence. The tumbler
works is the largest plant of ita Jtind in
the world, employing 500 skilled hands
aud lOuO laborers and boys aud girla.
Lumber- Healers A* sign.
HANNIBAL, Mo., Aug. 31.— The Herri
man-Curd Lumber Company filed articles
of assignment to-day. The liabilities are
seated to be about $110,000, with nominal
assets, but ik> particulars caa be obtained.
ALL TO BATTLE
AGAINST BRYAN,
Sound - Money Democrats
Gathering for Their
Rally.
TEXAS MEN ARE FIRST
Not Dscided as to Whether a
Third National Ticket Should
Be Named.
KENTUCKIANS EMBARRASSED.
Although Supporters of Henry Wat
terson, the State's Delegates
Cannot Nam: Him.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 31.— The
delegates to the sound-uionev Democratic
convention beuan arriving this morning.
The fir>t to come wa3 that from Texas.
There appears to be among the Texan
delegates some difference of opinion as to
whether or not a National Democratic
ticket should be named. The Northwest
sent its first delegate in the person of
Henry Vellmer, Mayor of the city of
Davenport. Although that city usually
gives a Democratic majority, in the
opinion of Mr. Veller it will this year give
McKinley 20,000 or 30.000. "lowa will not
go for Bryan," sa'.d Mayor Vellmer.
The Kentucky delegation will arrive to
morrow. Members of the delegation are
in a somewhat embarrassing position.
When the Kentucky State Convention
was held about ten days ago the only
ticket talked about was Bragg and
Buckner and the convention adopted an
enthusiastic resolution indorsing General
Buckner for Vice-President. The delegates,
therefore, wiU come to the National Con
vention pledged to Buckfier. They are all
good frienda of Henry Watterson and
since his boom has assumed such larpe
proportions they are said to be disposed to
keep quiet and let matters take their
course. The resolution of the State Con
vention, however, estops them from pre
senting Watterson and his name will
therefore have to be brought before the
convention from another State.
Strangely the Wisconsin delegation
finds itself in a somewhat similar predica
ment. It will come here instructed for
Bragg and find a healthy boom on the
ground for Senator Vilas.
Judge M. L. Crawford of Dallas, Tex., a
prominent member of tiie Texas delega
tion, says there is unquestionably a senti
ment in the State against another ticket.
"The reason for this sentiment," said
Judge Crawford, "is that the sound-money
Democrats of Texas are confident they
can defeat Bryan by being allowed to vote
as they please. Some of them thought it
would be a good idea for the National
Convention to pass a resolution giving
t^is privilege to Texas Democrats, but the
masses think this would be a mistake. If
a man does not want to vote for the third
ticket there is no power to, force him to do
so. There is no doubt in my mind that
the Populists and Republicans of Texas
will luse. The former are as badly dis
gruntled as the Populists are in Kentucky
over the treatment they have received
from Bryan's managers.
'The leaders of the Populist party in
Tex;»s say that Bryan, after making a play
for their support, has now turned his baok
upon them, so far as any material recogni
tion is concerned, believing he will get
their votes anyhow. Last year they polled
about 140.0UU votes in the State election.
The Republicans there have never been
well organized, and have never shown
their re;tl strength. With these three
forces aguinst Bryan 1 don't believe he can
possibly carry the State."
The Judge thinks the Texana are for
Bragg first for President. After him they
prefer Vilas. Tor Vice-President they are
for Buckner by all means.
The Minnesota delegation arrived this
afternoon. It is understood they will pre
sent for the Vice-Presidency the name of
1). W. .Lawier, the chairman of the Minne
sota delegation at the Chicago convention
and the Democratic National Committee
man from that State, whose sound money
views, as expressed at Chicago, excited so
much antagonism among the silver men.
This afternoon the members of the ex
ecutive committee agreed to recommend
to the full National Committee the selec
tion of ex-Governor Flower of New York
as temporary chairman, and to endeavor
to have the committee on permanent or
ganization select Senator Caffery for per
manent chairman.
The hotel corridors began to fill up this
evening, and tne town took on an ante
convention look. Ten delegates from
lowa, who arrivpd this evening, favor the
nomination o; Watterson.
The executive committee met to-night,
but took no action, except to allot the
press seats and arrange some minor de
tails iar the convention. The suggestion
has bin made that the platform be con
fined to tne money issue alone, but there
is little doubt that it will be made to cover
the whole political situation. Its chief
feature will be a refutation .of the free
silvor plank of the Chicago platform, and
a strong declaration for sound money and
the preservation of the gold standard.
A reply will also be made to the atti
tude of the Chicago convention on the
constitutional Dowers of the Supreme
Court and the executive. Its tariff plank
will, it is said, be modVlol after that of the
Democratic platform of 1892.
Hon. J. H. Kckels, Comptroller of the
Currency, was one of the arrivals this
evening. He is sanguine concerning the
personnel and resu.ts of the convention.
"lrom what I can learn," he said, "the
convention will fully represent the sound
money sentiment of the Democratic party,
and the attendance will be all that could
be expected. I think the committee on
resolutions will have no easy task. There
will be more suggestions lor planks to go
before it than have been presented to any
committee at any convention this year.
The Illinois convention adopted a "good
platform and our peopie will demand a
strong expression upon the tariff."
When asktd about the situation in Il
linois Mr. Eckels said: "1 believe that
McKinley's majority will be over 100 000.
My own county, La Salle, is a fair sam[ le
of the condition of things. It is the
largest county outside of Cook and gives'
toe largest Democratic majority u-ually.
Of the 8000 voters who cast their baliota
ior Cleveland in 1592, at least iiUO-will not
vote for Brvan. On the other Hand there
are not ->0u Republicans who will vote for
him. The opposition to Bryan among
Democrats is not confined to the Germans
alone, but the old-line Irish Democrats as
well refuse to support him.
Colonel J. M. Martin of lowa, who has
been active in his State in the interot of
tbe sound-money convention, says that
the outlook for the cause in lowa is very
hdglit. The silver feeling, he admitted,
was still strong in certain sections, but he
declared that the tide had chanced and
the t:r>\<i sentiment was gainin-.'. Colonel
Martin said that while the lowa delega
tion presumably had no preference as to
the Presidential candidate for the sound
money Democrats J. .Sterling Morton was
the choice of a number oi" delegates.
Colonel J. B. Falkner of Montgomery,
Ala, said: "The enthusiasm manifested at
our State Convention *to nominate dele
gates to Indianapolis surprised every one
and the silverites who were laughing at us
a week aeo have now become alarmed."
The Cleveland boom received a decided
impetus to-night when Hugh Wallace of
\Y ashinuton, a delegate to tue convention,
reached here. He said that what the con
vention should, and in his opinion would
do, was to nominate Cleveland. "There
are many reasons," continued the Pacific
Coast politician, "for this course. The
convention should be looking for the vote
getter and beyond question Cleveland is
500,000 votes stronger than any man who
can be named. It would be wise policy,
too.
"It would relieve the convention of the
charge now made against it of being bolt
ers. With Cleveland as the candidate this
convention wouid go before the country
a; the regular performance with Mr.
Bryan as the sideshow. I know that the
acceptance of the nomination by Cleve
land would necessitate a sacrifice on his
part, but if there ever was a time in the
history of the country when a man should
make a sacrifice lor its wellare now is that
time."
TO SPEAK ON LABOR DAY
Candidate Kryan Hill Journey to Chi-
cago /or J hat l'tirpoae.
CHICAGO, 111., Aug. 31.— The trouble
some question whether or not William J.
Bryan will remain in Chicago from Sep
tember 4 to 7 and address the union work
ingmen on the latter day, which is Labor
day, according to a promise he made dur
ing the convention, was settled to-day by
the receipt of a telegram from the nomi
nee stating he would speak here Labor
day. This news was received by Chair
man Jones in response to an inquiring
message. The meeting will be held in
Sharpshooters' Park in the afternoon. Mr.
Bryan will arrive September 4, and no ar
rangements have yet been made for
speech-making iv or out of Chicago be
tween that day and Labor day. The time
will probably be spent at headquarters in
conferences and in resting. Mr. Bryan
has to be in Lincoln, Nebr., September 8,
to be formally notified of his nomination
by the Silver party committee, and he
will leave Chicago the night of the 7th.
Chief McConvilie of the speakers' bureau
left the city to-day for Columbus, Ohio,
where he will meet Mr. Bryan and ascer
tain his speaking plans.
George P. Keeney, president of the Na
tional association of silver clubs and sec
retary of the silver party committees, ar
rived here to-day to open party head
quarters, probably at the' Clifton House,
and to arrange for the National conven
tion of silver clubs which will De held in
Battery D. September 23. He is a member
of the Democratic advisory committee
and will be here almost continuously until
election day. He iaid clubs were sending
in notices of organization at the rate of
100 a day.
Congressman Towne and ex-Lieutenant-
Governor Day, both silver Republican
nominees for Congress in Minnesota,
against whom a bitter light is bein-r made,
were callers at Democratic headquarters
and had short talks with Senator Jones.
They a^ked for a liberal supply of silver
speakers and literature, and both were
sanguine of overcoming their political
foes.
A labor bureau in connection with the
National Committee will probably be
established here this week.
In response to the appeal recently issued
by Chairman Jones for popular subscrip
tions mr.r.y are now being received by
Treasurer St. John at New York hend
quarters. Senator Jones to-day asked for
the announcement to be made that all
weekly and daily papers favoring Mr.
Bryan start popular subscriptions in their
columns. Such editors are authorized to
act as collecting aeents and to forward the
contributions received to Treasurer St.
John, Hotel Banholdi, New York. Edi
tors of all Democratic and free-silver pa
pers are requested to send copies of their
papers regularly to Secretary Adams of
the press bureau in this city.
Senator Teller will make his opening
speech of the campaign in Illinois at Mor-
TiSon next Monday.
GENERAL WEALER'S ID EA
Says Hryan Will /Secure a Hig Majority
in loti.t.
DEP MOINES, lowa, Aug. 31.— General
J. B. Weaver declares in an interview that
lowa will go at least 30,000 to 35,000 for
Bryan. He said:
"There are hundreds of silver Repub
licans in every county in the State. I
found them wherever I have spoken this
fall. In 1892 the vote of the State was in
round figures 219.000 Republican, 196,000
Democratic and 20,000 Populists. Now the
Democrats and Populists have fused. This
win leave 3000 Republican majority over
the combined opposition. There will be
at the lowest estimate 20.000 Republicans
who will so for Bryan. This is a ridicu
lously low estimate. It makes the Demo
cratic total 23»i,000. There will not be to
exceed 10,000 McKinley Democrats in the
btate. Add this number to the Republi
can strength after deducting the number
of Republicans who will vote for Bryan
and then deduct it from the Democratic
total of 236 000, and we will hava about
17,000 majority for Bryan. This does not
take into account the Prohibition vote,
which "will be a considerable factor, for
most of it is silver, and it amounts to 12,
-000. The State will surely go for Bryan,
and my conservative estimate of the
majority is 30,000 to 35,000."
r>.>*.-,t* the Chicago Ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. 31.-James
L. Keach, a member of the Indiana State
Democratic Committee, deserted the Chi
cago ticket to-day. Shortly before noon
he visited the sound-money headquarters,
sought a conference with Secretary Will
son and said earnestly: "I have reached
the conclusion that I'd rather trust Wat-
UT3oii :tnd other leaders ol this movement
than Bryan, Tillman or Altgeld." Mr.
Keach is and has been one of the mostin
fluential Democrats in this community.
Arkantas Gold Democrats.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Aug. 31.-The
mass-convention of the National Demo
cratic Party Convention met here this aft
ernoon with fifty delegate*. Delegates
were elected to the Indianapolis conven
tion. Resolutions indorsing President
Cleveland and denouncing the Chicago
convention were adopted unanimously.
Can't I'utr the Interest.
N£W YOKK, N. V., Aug. 31.-The
Union Trust Company, trustee, under the
sinking fund 8 per cent third mortgage of
the Union Pac.fic Railway, has not yet re-
Oehred from the receivers money to pay
the semi-annual interest due to-morrow.
The receipts from the sales of lands have
been small and a delault would not cause
surprise.
Threo Thous»,,d Mmtt Quit Horfc.
WHEELING, W. Va., Aug. 31.— The
RiV'.Tbide Iron Works notified their blast
furnace men of the 20 per cent reduction
in wages tb-day. The men quit and the
works shut down. The whole mill em
uloys 3000 men and is now idie,
CHICAGO NOMINEES
ARE REPUDIATED
New York State Reform
Democrats Meet in
Convention.
NO USE FOR MR. BRYAN
Sound-Mcn?y Men Denounce the
Platoon of the Party's
Silver Wing.
SECTIONAL HATE DIPLCRED.
Inflammatory Appeals of the Boy
Orator That Old-Line Bourb?ns
Object To.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Auk. 31.— The con
vention of the Democratic Reform Or
ganization of the State was called to order
in the Alhambra Rink at 11:33 p. K. to
day. Daniel G. Grillin of Watertowu was
chosen temporary chairman. Mr. Griffin
delivered an able address, in the course of
which he praised the conduct of the New
York delegation at the Chicago conven
tion and paid tribute to President Cleve
land, whom he alluded to as ''the bravest
President, and loved ior the enemies he
had made."
The speaker was frequently applauded,
but when he referred to Grover Cleveland
the delegates for the first time forgot
themselves and stood up and gave three
cheers for Grover Cleveland.
When Mr. Griffin had finished the list
of delegates to ihe Indianapolis conven
tion was read. There were no delegates
present from the counties of Allegheny,
Chenango, Essex, Franklin, Genesee,
Green, Livingston, Niagara, Orleans, Put
nam, Schobarie, Sullivan. Tio^a and War
ren. The usual committees were named
and a recess was taken at 12 :30 to 1 o'clock.
The convention did not reassemble un
til 3:42 p. m. Charles S. Fairchild was
chosen permanent chairman, and the fol
lowing delegates at large to Indianapolis
were named: Roswell P. Flower, Edward
M. Shepard, General Charles Tracey and
General G. Magee.
The platform was then read. It is a
lengthy document. It repudiates "the
Chicago platform and its supplement, the
Populist platform, adopted at St. Louis,
because both violate and attack all Demo
cratic principles." It likewise repudiates
the nominations of the Chicago conven
tion. It declares that the "maintenance
of the constitution in its integrity, the
preservat.on of the National credit unim
paired and the National honor unsullied,
the freedom of the individual to engage in
all pursuits of life unhampered by the in
tereference of parental government, and
the right of every citizen to receive
tne reward of his labor undiminished
by a debased standard of value, are funda
mental and essential principles of the
Democratic party."
Mr. Bryan is stated to be standing upon
the Populist platform, and the declara
tion adds: "He actively sought the Popu
list nomination. Having obtained it, he
has never rejected it and be has never re
pudiated the declarations of the Populist
platform."
The outburst of sectional hate which at
tended the adoption of the Chicago plat
form is deplored, and the platform pays:
"Every speech he (Bryan) delivers is filled.
with lnflamm-itory appeals to the poor
against the rich in a bas«, un-American
and anti-social effort to obtain votes by
creatinsr and stimulating a passionate
class hatred among our people. 1 '
A strong appeal is made to "our Demo
cratic fellow-citizens to seriously consider
this which is the gravest of pending elec
tions. How long can our Democratic in
stitutions endure this assault upon them? '
Reference is made to the proposition to
change the make-upof the Supreme Court,
restrictions of executive power, etc. The
platform then says: "We repudiate the
Chicago platform because it proposes to
substitute for our present standard of
value, which is equal to the best In the
world, an unstable and depreciated stand
ard, which has been rejected by every
civilized and prosperous and commercial
nation, and which would put us on a mon
etary level with China, Mexico and other
countries where labor is notoriously un
derpaid."
The Chicago platform, it says, declares
against gold monometallism and advo
cates legislation which must inevitably
lead to silver monometallism; itavdocates
a monetary system which would offer an
unlimited field of speculation to the capi
talist, but would materially reduce the
purchasing power of every dollar paid to
the wstie-earners.
The administration of President Cleve
land is heartily commended and the Re
publican system of protection condemned.
The platform further says:
"We believe that the Federal Govern
ment should be directly divorced from the
business of banking, and therefore demand
the repeal of all laws authorizing the issue
of legal tender or treasury notes by toe
Government, or the reissuing of such notes
when tsiey have once been redeemed in
gold. We favor the enactment by Con
cress of such legislation as will permit the
establishment of a banning currency
ample in volume for the need of business,
readily adjusting itself to such needs, ab
solutely securing every contingency and
at all times redeemable in gold."
It is declared that the Indianapolis con
vention should nominate Democratic can
didates ok a Democratic platform, aud
then hearty support is pledged.
The convention adjourned, subject to
meet in Brooklyn September 24 to nomi
nate candidates for State offices and trans
act other necessary business.
SENATOR TELLER ON THE STUMP.
Attempts to Justiftt •"*« Hotting Act at
St. Louii.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 31.—
Henry M. Teller, Colorado's veteran Sen
ator, was accorded the biggest reception
here to-day that has ever been sqoymi to
any man in a campaign in the city. With
the exception of Colorado Springs it has
been generally granted that the State is
almost unanimous for Bryan and Sewall,
and the meeting here was made the chief
gathering of the campaign. The address
delivered to-ni^ht is the only speecu tiiat
the Senator i? expected to make in Colo
rado this campaign.
The Senator arrived from Denver at 4
o'clock accompanied by members of his
family, and was met at Palmer Lake by a
reception committee, at the head of which
was Hon. Irving Howbert, late chairman
of the Republican Stat- Committee and
one of the big CrippO Creek gold-mine
owner?. His arrival was awaited by at
least 3000 people, and as the train pulled
in salutes were tired from cannons and two
bra«s bands played "Hail to the Chief."
After a parade through the streets the
Senator was driven to ihe Antlers Hotel,
where he addressed an audience of 5000
people from a balcony, lie spoke but
briefly touching the financial question, i
At the Coliseum to-night an audience of
3000 people assembled to hear him speak.
The gathering was under the auspice^ of
the Bryan and Sewall Club of this city,
and Mayor .Plunjb. a Republican, pre
sided. Prominent citizens occupied the
stage, irrespective of old parly lines. The
big building had been handsomely deco
rated for the occasion, aud as the Senator
stepped on the platform he was showered
with bouquets and greeted wit thunder*
ona applause and cheers, which lasted
several minutes. '<■
Senator Tell >r spoke for two hours, and
at the conclusion of his speech ex-Senator ■
Reap an of Texas made a short talk. It is
estimated that 4000 people were packed in \
the building, while hall of that number ■
failed to gain admission and were turned ■
away. An overflow meeting was held at ; ;
the Courthouse, which was addressed by
local speakers.
Senator Teller announced that his ad
dress was his justification to his constitu
ents for boltiii.;! the Si. Louis convention,
if such a justification is needed. He spoke
of his long connection with the Republi
can party and said that be had stood with
it, because it stood for the best interests of
humanity, that he did not leave it until
his mature judgment so advised him. In
speaking of the demonetization of silver
in 1573 he cited Conkling and Blame to
show that the greatest statesmen did not
know that it had been done until three
ycars'afier. He asked the voters if they
believed s.hat under the Republican party
with such recruits as Whitney, Gray and
others there would be any change from
the present conditions.
In answer to those who believed that
help could come to silver through .McKin
ley he said that he respected him as a
m<to, but that he would have no respect
foriiim if he was elected on a platform
and then failed to carry it out. ' The
chances, ha said, are that' Cleveland, if he
votes at all next November, will vote for
McKinley. In answer to questions the
Senator gave a long discussion to the
standing of the silver-using countries as
against the gold-using countries, showing
that the silver countries are now prosper
ous. He paid a clowing tribute to William
J. Bryan, saying that he was the peer in
personal integrity and intelligence to any
man who has been nominated since he en
tered public life.
Senator Teller's speech aroused . great
enthusiasm among his audience, who were
extremely liberal with their applause and
cheers.
POPULISTS SCOHB DEMOCRATS.
Ao Lore Lott Tietteem. tit* Tioo Parties in
A rknttsus.
LITTLE ROCK. Auk., Aug. 31.— Th«
State Populist Central Committee issued a
long address to the voters ye>ierd:iy. After
arraigning the Democracy for all the
vices known to the criminal calendar, the
address says:
This question of personal liberty is of more
j importance just now than any question of
j finance or tariff. To be a "free man 1 ' is of
j more importance than baring "free silver."
The Democratic party Is wholly responsible
for the present vicious, barbarous, un-Ameri
can, undemocratic election iaws, and some oi
the leaders, even though they profess to iavor
honest elections, are largely responsible for its
present condition. They oppose any amend
ment looking to any improvement or modifi
cation. Then, if reform is to be had, it will
! not and cannot be had by electine the Demo
i cratic ticket
We appeal to all honest men, whether Demo
crats, Republicans, Populists or Prohibition
ists, to vote for no man who is not in favor of
honest elections. Defeat with your honor un- •
sullied is better than success clouded by fraud.
The hope for reform and relief depends upon
our party.
fief Out by Irolleu-C'ar.t.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 31. - The
Kings County Elevated Railway, capital
ized at $4,750,000, went into the hands of a
receiver this moraine. General James
Jourdan, the president of the company,
on the consent of all parties, was named
receiver. Tiie cause of the step was the
inability of the corapanv to meet accruing
bond arid debenture indebtedness, owing
to the Injuries the trolley-cars have done
lo their business. General Jourdan says
the receivership is only temporary and
the company will resume in a very short
time and settle all outstanding obliKa
tions promptly.
NEW TO-DAY.
>-£====^ BORDEN'S
N|g|g^2 PEERLESS
Wfß*T" <— ''-:jffl BRAND
!5°2SS4k3 Evaporated
Wtf^jSMiP'-fffi j CREAM
l^e%?wes»o&&- I Does not spoil
F©!^i4f£|aE&*Jll/J PREPARED BY
igsa^t^eTP^e^^ar New York Condensed
— =^"^ Milk Co.
9 Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
i>:e2s:f»it:h3
THAT SPREGKELS FENCE
Success has crowned our efforts. Our aim
has always been to give Best Values for the
least money. The musses of the people are
aware of this fact. We at no time try to de-
ceive them. Your confidence is our success.
Compare prices with those elsewhere.
1^ 1 "■II 1?> I
fPIIUUB j;' |
These shoes are made of the Best V,ici Kid,
with patent tip*, kid and c'oth tops, opera and
square toes. Cannot be excelled elsewhere for
no less than $2.
«9£?!1 n^SJi' EXTRA FIJE YICI
Fv&f'-V I I Misses' and Children's
'<«V>\. ' vfir Extra fine Vici Kid
'*V*tv]\ «/ -hoe«, kid and cloth tops.
6*^*^2s?!^ ™ ■'■>'' and Guaranteed
ILjl^^T™^^--^^— to give entire satisfao
uux. — !rT«iiiiMiin-=. lion— C, D, E and EH
widths.
Children's sizes, 8 to 10y 2 «t.OO
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 91.25
JUS" Country orders solicited. 3 • '.' ■",
Mjf- Send for Illustrated Catalogue
Ad areas
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
IO Third Street. San Francisco.
Ely's Cream Balmli^^M
Cleanses the Nasal *6?i^ > ■ e3r» 'lit'"!
Passages. Allays Tain &\i^rr v «!s'**ol
and Inflammation, fc- ■**vZJ&Ja
Restores '.lit- Senses or«H t/,3 1 MM
Taste and Smell. j!9 .^'"^^^jfiiß
Heals the Sores. r^J J<*&Ol
Apply Balm Into each nostril A^^r^T^^^S
siiT uttos.ee WMitu H..N.Y WJT^ hJ'PTsiPRAISE FOR
THE LEADER
Congratulations on the
Tenor of McKinley's
Letter Pour In.
ADMIRABLE IX TEMPER
AND UNANSWERABLE.
Senator Allison Says the Money
Argument Cannot Be
Assailed.
SOLID SHOT POURED INTO TH£
DEMOCRATIC RANKS.
Lifts the Real Crown of Thorns
Frcm Labor's Erow and Cruci
fies the Demagogue.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 31.— Major Me-
Kinley passed a quiet day tmd found an
opportunity to catch up in some slight
measure with t:.c mass of correspondence
which has accumulated since his letter of
• acceptance was given out. No visiting
delegations were slated for to-day and the
individual callers were few.
The Major is still being overwhelmed
with congratulations on the tenor of his
letter. Among the many opened to-day
was this letter from Senator Allison of
Iowa :
"I want to congratulate you on yonr
letter of acceptance. It is most admirable
in temper, spirit and style and unanswer
able in statement. I especially wish to
congratulate you on your discussion of tbe
money question. Your position is un
assailable and you argue the question
with skill."
A large number of telegrams were re
ceived to-day, among them the following:
OGALLALA, Nf.ee., Aug. 30.— Hon. William
>;/. Canton: Congratulations. Your
letter is solid shot. Lilts the real crown of
thorns from the crown of labor and crucifies
the demagogue. Nebraska will be iv line.
Matt Dougherty.
EVERETT, Wa-h., Aug. AO.—Hon. William
Hch'niiy; The Everett McKinley and Hobart
("nib, urbanized to-night with 4.00 members,
you greetings and pledge you the support
Republicans in this district on I'uget
Sound. WiI.UAM C. BITI.ER.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Aug. 30.— We, the
largo.-t ICcKinley Traveling Men's Club in
„ Kastern lowa, send greetings and congratula
tions on your Letter of acceptance. We are
g.ad we have a leader who depends upon facts
for his arguments instead of his imagination.
Wo realize that only your election will restore
confidence and business in this country.
('. N. Pbicb, President
IT IS A CASE OF NINE TO O NE.
Sound- Money Men Predominate in the
State of Indiana.
CHICAGO, 111.. Aug. 31.—Committee
man Durbin received a telegram at Re
publican National headquarters from
Chairman Hanna stating that he would
be here next Saturday. Mr. Durbin re
turned to-day from his weekly visit to In
diana. he said the free silver movement
had been successfully arrested in Indiana
by perfect organization and a flood of
speeches. He said that nine men would
vote for gold money in November in that
State to one for silver. A sixty-day poll
of the State was now being taken, and
great hep is expected from the Democrats.
"Congressman McCleary of Minnesota,
whose speeches on the tariff and money in
Congress have brought him into demand
on the stump, arrived in town to-day and
conferred with headquarters. He makes
a carefully prepared combination speech
on the tariff and money at Jfeoria to
morrow.
Julius Goldschraidt, chief of the Ger
man bureau, returned from New York to
day. He organized the German-Ameri
cans of that city and appointed an advis
ory board of twenty-five with an execu
tive committee, of which Ralph Traut
inann is chairman, L. F. Tnoma "secretary
and William Wicke treasurer. Professor
11. \V. Diedrich of Fort Wayne, who has
been at the Ch'cago headquarters in the
German department, is the secretary of
the New York department, and he will
start for his new field next Wednesday.
M. A. Mayendorff of New York, who is
to superintend the publication of Polish
literature, arrived to-day from Detroit,
where he has been working among the
Poles. After his literary work at head
quarters he will go through the West to
organize and agitate among the Pole-;.
• Colonel Samuel J. Roberts, chairman of
the Kentucky committee, told the head
quarters people there was a fighting chance
for the party to win in that State, as the
organization was in excellent condition.
DEEP IXTERESt IS FELT.
Vermont's Election May Indicate the
strength of Republicans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. SL— The
deepest interest is feit at all the Headquar
ters here in the Vermont election to-mor
row because it has been discovered that
when the Republican majority in the State
election was more than 25,000 they have
won the National election. When it has
fallen below that figure the Democratic
Presidential candidate has been elected.
In 1864 the majority was 29,002 and Lin
coln was elected; in 18)8 it was 32,122 and
Grant was elected; in W2 it WflS 33,ss4 and
Grant won again ; in 1870 it fell to 23,838
and Tilden missed the election by a
scratch: in 1880 it was 27,231 and Garfield
became President; in 1884 when Cleveland
gained his first election it was 22,183; in
IRBB when Harrison was elected it rose to
28,404, falling in 18:*.' when Cleveland won
his second term to 10, 402. Two other elec
tions will be held in September. One will
be in Arkansas on Septemoer 7, and the
other in Maine on the following Monday.
To let Xotify Jtryau.
LKWISTON, Me., Aug. 31.-Hon. L. C.
Bateman, the Populist candidate for Gov
ernor of Maine, has received a letter from
Senator Allen of Nebraska, chairman of
the committee appointed at the St. Louis
convention to notify Bryan of his nomi
nation, saying that he (Allen) will call
the committee together when Bryan re
turns from the East, aud the candidate
will then be notified.
All the. Detection JirtnoVed.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 31.— The
Board of Safety this afternoon removed
l '»t entire detective force owing to charges
n^ule against the detectives during tlie re
cent impeachment trial. The old men,
with the exception of James Gorley, who
was discharged, were given places on the
regular police force. Ex-Chief William
Owens was made a captain of police to
succeed Captain Jake Hager, who was
made Chiei of Directives.
FENTILATING THE SE NATE.
Every Seat in the. Chamber to Be Sup
plied With Fresh Air.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31. -Work
on the new system of ventilation in the
United States Senate chamber is well ad
vanced. The floors of the galleries and
the Senate have been removed, and iron
and yellow pine rafters, under which ven
tilation apparatus is to be located, has
been put in place to receive the new floor
me as soon as the ventilating pipes have
been supplied.
The great ventilating pit, communi
cating through an underground passage
with ihe granite shaft west of the north
wine of the Capitol, is exposed to view.
It was over this pit. sixty feet deep and
twice the diameter of an ordinary well,
that Senator Hill sat until he removed to
a place on the west end of the Democratic
side of the chamber.
R fitting the Senate with a system of
ventilation will probably be completed
before November 1, but time will be re
quired in placing the somewhat intricate
apparatus, which will convey fresh air to
every seat in the chamber, on the floor
and in the galleries.
Perilous Phy?tt of a hake Steamer.
GRINDSTONE CITY, Mich., Aug. 31.—
The steamer Michigan ran ashore one
and a half miles below here at S :;30 o'clock
last night. The wheel pipe burst, causing
a ler.k and the steamer filled rapidly. To
save her from sinking the steamer
was headed for shore and the engineer
was standing in three feet of water when
they reached the reef.
Th£re are fifty passengers aboard. The
Fort Austin life- sa vine crow went im
mediately to the rescue and assisted in re
pairing the boat.
Train* mil Soon Run.
DENVER, Colo., Ang. 3L— Denver and
Rio Grande ollicials announce that the
washout of the tracks caused by the cloud
hurst near Pueblo Sunday night is not as
serious as ai lirst reported and that trains
will be running on Wednesday morning.
HIS CLOTHES IN FAMES
A Bridgeport Man Rends the
Early Morning Air With
His Shrieks.
It Is Thought the Unfortunate Was
the Victim of a Fiendish
Practical Joke.
BRIDGEPORT, Cora., Aug. 31.— About
3:30 o'clock yesterday morning cries of
agony aroused the firemen who were
sleeping in No. 5 engine-house. They
sprang from their beds and, rushing to
the street, saw a horrible sight.
A man, all enveloped in flames, was
lying in the gutter a few steps from the
entrance to the engine-house. His cloth
ing was burning fiercely and he was
shrieking in agony..
Before the fire could be put out the
clothing was nearly burned off the unfor
tunate victim, and he was so terribly
burned that he was uncon.-cious.
The victim proved to cc Sydney Wil
son, a young colored man living in Soutli
port. He was at once taken to the general
hospital, but the doctors there, after an
examination, said that there was no hope
for him.
Nothing definite is known as to the ori
gin of the fire. Wilson is entirely uncon
scious and can throw no light on it. The
doctors do not expect him to regain con
sciousness.
The generally accepted theory is that he
was the victim of some practical joker.
It was known that Wilson had been
drinking on Saturday n;<*ht and he was
probably drunk. It is thought that some
of his companions, probably as drunk as
himself and reckless of the consequences,
poured oil on his clothing and set it on
fire, thinking that it would be a joke on
the firemen. The police are making etrong
efforts to discover the guilty parties.
UNIFORMED PI THJAJt'S.
Thousands of Knights Encamped for a
Wt-elt y*ar JUinncapalis.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., Aug. 31.— The
inter.-tate encampment of the Uniform
Rank of the Knights of Pythias opened to
day. No finer encampment grounds have
ever been secured in any city than those
of Camp Yale, which this week is the
home of thousands of uniformed Knights.
The tents s.re high and dry above the
ground and furnished with good floors,
each tent being lighted with incandescent
lights. The Minnesota Brigade, Colonel
E. H. Milham commanding, assembled to
da}', and the detail of divisions for escort
duty was made. Colonel Mclntyre, chief
of staff, has charge of the e-cort arrange
ments.
RACE WAR IN ALABAMA.
Pitched Battle Between White* and a Mob
of Segroet.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 31.— A Jour
nal ppecial from Camp Hill, Ala., says: A
serious riot is reported near here. Some
country peace officers had arrested ssv
eral negroes and were taking them to
jail when a body of negroes attacked the
oifici r3 and undertook to rescue the pris
oners.
The officers were re-enforced by a num
ber of white residents and a pitched battle
followed, turns, axes and fence rails being
the weapons used.
Ihe negroeß finally retreated, but not,
however, until several of their number
were killed and several wounded. One
white man is said to have been killed.
The trouble is believed not to be over.
KIPLING GOING TO ENGLAND.
His Hasty Departure Is the Subject of
Some Gossip.
BRATTLEBORO, Vt., Aug. 31.—Rud
yard Kipling has closed his residence here
and has left town to sail from New York
to England, where he will make his home
for an indefinite period.
The reason given out some time ago for
tv departure was that his relations with
hiiL'iish publishers ri-quire his presence on
that Bide of the water, but the suddenness
wit wiiich tie determined on departure
after his trouble with his brother-in-law
and the subsequent appearance in court
which he was requited to make has led to
the opinion that laniiiy rather that lit
erary matters are attributable for bis
going.
LIQUOR- DEALERS TO ORGANIZE.
Complain of Unfavorable Satlonal Leg is-
Intion.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 31.— A large
number of wholesale liquor-dealers from
New Yoric, Missouri, Illinois, Maryland,
Pennsylvania and other States assembled
to-day at the Chamber of Commerce, for
the purpose of taking stens toward bring
ing into existence a new National organi
zation, designed to protect the trade
against unfavorable National legislation.
The National Wholesale Liquor-dealers'
Association is the proposed titlp of the
new organization, and the National Wine
and Spirits Association will be asked to
ailiiiate wilh v.
THESSAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
LI HUNG CHANG
AT WEST POINT
Continuous Rain Prevents
a Military Display at
the Post.
SCENES ON THE HUDSON
The Viceroy Lost in Wonder as
He Views the Brooklyn
Bridge.
FAST TRAINS ALSO PLEASE HIM
Asks Scores of Questions and Returns
in Every Way Delighted With
His Trip.
NEW YORE, N. V., Aug. 31.— Li Hung
Chang and leading members of bis suite,
accompanied by a distinguished party of
American friends, sailed at 8:30 o'clock
this morning on the United Statos dis
patch boat Dolphin for West Point. In
anticipation of his departure and despite
the early hour a large crowd had assem
bled in the vicinity of the Waldorf.
The start for the pier was made at 7:35
o'clock. The Viceroy walked to bis car
riage, which he shared with General Eta
ger and Interpreter Lo Fung Lub. I>ur
ing the drive he talked with General Ru
ger, and appeared to be asking many ques
tions. On arriving at the pier Li seated
himself in the sedan chair u:id was car
ried to the barge in waiting.
The boat was manned by a lieutenant
aii<l a crew of eight men. Li seated him
self in the stern, General Rueer and Lo
King Shu, the Viceroy's second son, oc
cupying the next seat. The oarsmen
pulled vigorously and were soon along
side the Dolphin, which lay anchored out
in the stream. When Li reached the top
of the ladder he was received by the com
mander, Captain Clover. The Dolphin's
tyro guns boomed out a salute of nineteen
guns and several private steam yachts in
the vicinity dipped their flags and blews
whistles. The otber visitors came on
board in the Dolphin's steam launch.
The Dolphin hoisted anchor at 8:40,
turned round and steamed pa?t the Bat
tery and up the Hudson toward \\ »i-t» i -t
Point. The yellow dragon flag of Cuina
floated from her foremast, the Jack at
her tow and the American flag from her
stern.
The proposed inspection of warship- was
abandoned, the Viceroy ueeming it to be
crowding too much into one day. The
piers on both s dcs of the Mast Rivet were
throncod with persons anxious to get a
view of the Dolphin as she forged her way
toward the Battery. The stream was filled
with steam craft, which kept up a constant
shrieking of whistles. When opposite the
navy-yard the regulation navy sulute was
given.
The Brooklyn bridge and Battery were
lined with people scrambling to get good
vantage points. The Dolphin pointed her
nose up the Hudson River at 9:15. All
along the river front she was saluted by
the ferry-boats and stnamers, and in some
instances vessels were decorated in honor
of the party.
After Li Lad boarded the Dolphin and
warmly greetea the others of the party he
went to the poopdeck, where he sat and
chatted pleasantly the greater part of the
journey up the river. He immediately
began to display an Interest in his sur
roundings, and his inexhaustible supply
of questions began to pour forth.
In passing the naw-yard the Chine=e
fiag was hoisted on the old wooden ship
Vermont, while the saluting party on tiie
cobdeck fired a salute of nineteen euns.
The Viceroy then caught sight of the
Brooklyn bridge. He was in the very best
of spirits and kept up a constant run of
queries with those about him.
The entire party became very much in
terested in Colonel Grant's history of the
bridge, and the Viceroy began to examine
the colonel on some points. He asked if
the bridge belonged to a company or to
the municipalities, and what it had cost to
construct it; had it paid for itself, etc.;
finally he wanted to know if New York
city uonds were at a premium.
After all of these que.^tions had been an
swered to his apparent satisfaction he re
marked that it was a. wonderful Structure,
that the Americans were a very ingenious
race, that their ingenuity seemingly knew
no bounds.
A continuous rain to-day interfered with
a big demonstration in honor of Li Hung
Chang's visit to the military post. As
early as 8 o'clock the crowds began to ar
rive at West Point by boat and train, and
by noontime there were at least 10,000 i>eo
ple upon the ground. The rain, however,
precluded any outside military display)
hence the drills and reception at the su
perintendent's quarters were abandoned.
The Dolphin, with Its distinguished
guests aboard, dropped anchor at West
Point at 12:40, about 200 yards from the
landing. Earl Li declined to go ashore
on account of the rain, but permitted his
youngest son to land.
A hurried trip was made around the
post, and the distinguished guests were
then returned to the Dolphin, which im
mediately weighed anchor and started
back to New York.
There was no incident of note on the re
turn trip, although the Viceroy was inter
ested in the sneed of the New York Cen
tral trains. When the Dolphin anchored
Lf Hung Chang thanked the' officers of the
bo;»t through his interpreter for their
courtesies', and as he left the dispatch-boat
anotn*r salute was fired and the Chinese
imperial flag was lowered. He was driven
to his hotel at once.
ST. PAUL IS FILLING UP.
Over Eighty Thousand Strangers in the
City to Participate in the
C. A. R. Encampment.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 31.— 1t is esti
mated to-night that there are over 80,000
strangers in the city, and they are still
coming. Streets for several blocks around
the Union Depot are crowded with people
who have not yet been assigned rooms for
the night. The crowd is beyond expecta
tions, and it is estimated that there are
40.000 people to come in on the trains to
morrow. There is great delay on all sides
on account of the crush.
To-night several crack posts of other
cities, notably those of Detroit an<l Chi
catro, gave drills in the .-".reels. At 8:30
this evening Commacder-in-Chief Walker
and Mrs. Walker were given a reception
at the Hotel Ryan, which was attended
by several thousand people.
At the same hour at the State Capitol a
general leceDtion in charge of the Minne
sota Relief Corps was given to the Grand
Army proper This was attended by 20 -
000 people.
The Denver people arrived to-day and
began to canvass the situation with a
view to getting the encampment of 18!<7.
It looks like Buffalo, however, in a walk,
as all the Eastern posts appear to be for
the Lake Erie town.
The contest for commander-in-chief is
warming up. There are now four candi
dates — liear-Ailiui. .n Meade of New York,
J. T. Linehan of New Hampshire. Thad
deus S. darkson ol Nebraska and General
J. T. Given of lowa.
RAILROAD ED TO PRISON.
A Kesprctable hex\<lent of Denver Com
milt*a to a Xeur l'orh Jail.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 31.— An elder
ly, well dressed roan, who described him
self as Alfred Sayres of Denver, Colo.,
was arraigned yesterday in the Lee avenue
Police Court, charged with vagrancy.
Sayreß was arrested late on Saturday night
near the Grand-street ferry by Special
Policeman Craft. He denied that he was
a vagrant and said that at the time of his
arrest he was looking for the Metropolitan
Hotel, at which he was a guest.
"1 am a lawyer, your Honor," said the
prisoner, 'and to substantiate it, here are
.1 number of letters. I came here from
Denver to visit an uncle in Babylon, Long
I. land, a short time ago and stayed at the
Metropolitan before eoing out on the
isisnd. Yesterday evening, when I re
tu.ned from Babylon, I thought I would
stay at the tame place and was looking
for it when a man approached me and
asked me where i waa going. I told him
that 1 was looking lor the hotel and ha
took me to the police station, where they
locked me up."
No attempt was made on the part of the
court to learn whether or not the prisoner
had been a gnest ot tlie liotel, but he was
committed to jail until to-day despite his
pleadings. At the liutel Charles Allers,
the proprietor, said a man named Sayres
and answering tlie description of the pris
oner had been a guest at the hotel.
Texas ltitinmjing Drouth.
AUSTIN, TsXAS, Aug. 3L— State Com
missioner of Agriculture A. J. Koss issued
a crop bulletin covering twelve counties
ta the agricultural jfrtion of the State.
It puts the average y.cld of lint cotton at
only ninety pounds p-r acre, corn seven
bushels, wheat nine bushels, oats seven
teen bushels. The increased acreage in
cotton is pot at L"> per tent. The report
says it is doubtful ii Texas has experienced
a more general and more damaging drouth
in the past thirty years during the crop
season.
ARMY AND NAVY GOSSIP
Admiral Selfridge's Mediterra
nean Fleet Is to Be
Strengthened.
General Miles' Inspection Tour of the
Northwest— Furloughs and
Transfers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31.— The
practice cruiser Bancroft sails to-morrow
for the dock at New York, where her
masts will be t:iken out and replaced by
two pol«s, so that hereafter she will look
like an ordinary gunboat. Her comple
ment of officers was completed to-day. As
sSe will probably remain at he; intended
post in the Dardanelles for an indefinite
period her detail consists almost entirely
of officers who are due for three years' sea
service.
Admiral Selfndtre's fleet in the Mediter
ranean will be strengthened. Tue Minne
apolis arrived at Qaeenstown Saturday.
She will be -ent to the Mediterranean.
The Marbleliea'i sailed to-day from Genoa.
Italy, fur M<-rsine, on the Sicilian coast,
which i* as near as she can get to the
Dardanelles and still be of service to the
missionaries on the south coast. The
Lancaster has arrived at Montevideo, and
the Yantic h:is arrived at Buenos Ayres.
<f eral Mile?, commanding the army,
ia expected to return to Washington from
New York to-n:orrow. On the S;h of
Beptember lie will have the City on an ex
tended tour of inspection of the North
western army i •• -, going first to Chicago
and thence through the Nortnwest to
Puget Bound, where he wishes to look at
the site selected for the se;icoast defense
nnder the revised projects provided ior in
the lasl fortifications appropriation bill.
The return trip will take him into South
ern California, and it will probably be
well along in the fall before he returns to
Washington.
Leave of alisfnce for one month, to take
effect upon beini; relieved from ilutv at
Fort Omaha, Nebr., i-- granted First Lieu
tenant J v ius A. Perm, nuarternia_-ier
Second Infantry. Second Lieutenant
Harry H. Banilin.lt/, Sixth Infantry, is
detailed as professor ol military science
and tactics at the Michigan Agricultural
College, Ingham County, Michigan.
The extension of leave of absence
granted Major Alfred EL Bates, pay
master. ;s further extended fifteen
days. Captain Carroll A. Devol, assist
ant quarterniaMer (tirst lieutenant,
Twenty-tilth Infantry), is relieved from
duty at the State University of Wisconsin,
Madison, Wia. He will proceed to New
York and assume charge of the construc
tion of tht new military post of Fort Han
cock, New Jersey. Leave of absence for
one month and ten day?, to take effect
about September 15, IWRJ, is granted to
Lieutenant-Colonel Fred A. Woodbull,
deputy surgeon-general. First Lieuten
ant William L. Kenlv Jr., First Artillery,
is relieved from duty at the I'nited States
Artillery School, Fort Monroe, Va., to
take pffect August 31, 1886, snd on the ex
piration of his leave of absence he will join
his b:itterv. The following transfer-) in
the Firstilnfantry are made: Second Lieu
tenant Harry A. Smith from Company A
to Company X ; Second Lieutenant Charles
L. Bent from Company X to Company A.
CONTRACTORS DEM AND GOLD.
How the Von sibil it ;/ of a Hrynn Adinin-
ittrtilion StriL-'M Them.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31.—Al
ready the menace of a Bryan adminis
tration is observable in the business tran
sactions of the Government. Attention
has been called in these dispatches to the
bad prospects of any bidding for im
portant river and harbor work this year,
in view of the distrust in the financial
integrity of the Government under the
Bryan party.
A bal was received at the Navy Depart
ment Saturday which shows with v.inti a
free-silver administration is likely to be
confronted by those who will accept its
coirracis. Bids were recently invited by
the Bureau <>l Yards and Docks for a quay
wall at the Mare Island (Cal.) Navy-yard,
the contract bein worth, it was esti
niai (i, about $20,00 '. There were six Did
ders, all of the-I'aeilic Coast.
The lowest bidder was an Oakland man,
and one of the other bidders, a well
known Ban Francisco firm of constructors,
named its price $24,94.{, and specified that
it l>e paid In gold. Those who are familiar
with the methods of contractors who deal
with the Government are confident that
bidders under a free-silver system of pub
lic finance will insist on payment in gold.
Very few business houses, it is pointed
out, can afford to accept contracts at a
shifting basis.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31.— Pacific
Coast pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original— John D. Jones,
Soldiers' Home, Los Atipeles; Lewis M.
Pence, Santa Monica, Mexican War sur
vivor; increase, Robert S. Stillweil, Chi
nese Camp.
Oregon: Original — Jacob P. Crowson,
Portland. Mexican War survivor; in
crease—William Trevor, St. Paul.
Two Postmasters Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 31.— E. G.
Daris was appointed postmaster at Tuttle,
Colo., and Mrs. M. M. Elder at Kingston]
Utah, to day.
SHARKEY SPARS
WITH SULLIVAN,
Pitiable Spectacle Presented
by the Once Famous
John L.
NOW TOO FAT TO FIGHT
So the Ex-Champion Pleads for
Leniency and Exhibits
Himself.
AN EASY MARK FOR THE SAILOR
Scarcely Any Opinion as to the Lad's
Ability Obtained by the
Perlormance.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 3L— At Marti- |
son-square Garden to-nu'ht about 4500
sports took their first opportunity of see
ing Thomas Sharkey of California, the ex
sitilor who claims to ha7e bested and j
nearly knocked out James J. Corbett at I
S;tn Francisco. The aspirant for cham
pionship honors sparred four exhibition
rounds with the old Napoleon of the prize- I
ring, JohnL. Sullivan. Of course scarcely 1
any opinion of Sharkey's merits or de- !
merits couid be obtained, as John L. was j
so fat and unwieldy that he was in his j
own wa>.
The Californian is undoubtedly a power
ful man and very fast, but beyond that he
had no opportunity of showing what he
could do. The crowd was perfectly satis
fied to see the man who is matched to
meet Corbett to a finish next December,
and did not expect to see a fight. Peter
Maher and Fitzsimmons occupied seats in
ttie house, and after the bell rang for the
fir^t round Fitzsimmons came down to
the ringside and sized Sharkey up. It was
10:15 o'clock when Sullivan and Sharkey
were coming down from the dressing
room. The big fellow almost hid the ex
sailor who followed behind, robed in a
gray baih robe.
Sullivan was greeted with a terrific
round of applause as usual. He was hog
fat, his abdomeri hanging in a fold over
the waistband of his trunks. Sharkey
was a decided contrast when he threw off
his bath robe and stood attired in bright
green trunks with a belt of the National
colors.
At 10:20 o'clock Charley Harvey intro
duced the men. John L. was again
greeted with a salvo of cheers, while
Sharkey was more moderately, applauded.
The crowd insisted on a speech, and
John, whose voice has grown quite husky,
said : "1 am come here to spar exhibition
only. I have had my day, and tnia young
man is ambitious and trying to reach the
1 top of the ladder. I am only going to
spar friendly. I am almost too fat. I
hope you won't say any harsh things."
Then the gong sounded for the tliree
miniite rounds and Sharkey danced all
around the big fellow, whose attempts at
agility were pathetic. Occasionally dur
ing the bout Sullivan let out with a faint
trace of his former self. But Sharkey
could have landed at will and made little
or no attempt at defense. Sam Austin
was referee, but of course none was
needed. The police were not called upon
to interfere. Four bouts between local
boxers preceded the main event.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs nnd Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
n.rßs.
Won. ! Lost. t
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Chicasro
I'lnsburg.
Boston
.Brooklyn
Philadelphia
Niiv YorK
Washington.
M. Loins.
Louisville
74
*9
65
64
59
59
515
53
52
43
34
'-'7
34 -CBS
40 .638
4-' .607
48 .571
40 .54H
49 .546
!>ti .4M
57 .481
6« .468
64 .401
74 .314
79 .254
w \~HIN(,TOX, IX C, Aug. 31.— 8y far the
prettiest game of the season was played to
il.-iy. Two names were to have been played,
but wet grounds caused the second contest to
be called off until to-morrow, when a double
header is scheduled. Both Mercer and Friend
were in superb form, and their work was about
as equal as could bo. Ilad it not been for
Centerfieldei Lange, however, the contest
would have Rone to the home team in its early
stages, as several times this premium player
made wonderful catches that stopped runs
from crossing the plate. First Baseman
Decker had his left wrist broken by a thrown
ball by MOCormiCK in the tenth inning, and
be will not be able to play again tins season.
Attendance 4500. Score: Washington*, i, t>,
4; Chicago*, v. (J, 3. Batteries — Mercer and
Farrell; Friend and Anson. Umpire — Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 31.— MePhee*a
tumble and Miller's wild throw In the first
inning cost the ('iucinnatls two runs to-day
and gave the Pbilliea a winning lead. The
Clnclnnattfl earned their four runs in the sec
ond on a single, a double, a triple and n home
run. N'»t another bit was made off Carsey
until ibe eighth) when Burke made a smtrle.
Twice during the game rain topped play, and
in the eighth Lynch called the game, as the
downpour began again. At the time the Cin
cinnati* had two out, with one man on bases.
Attendance, 3000. Score: Philadelphia*— 6,
12, •_'; Cinclrriaus — 1. 4. 1. Bttteries— Cursey
nnd B vl •, l'.iiret and I'.nz. Umpire— Lynch.
Game called on account ol miii.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 31.— Umpire Lally
had an Interesting time of it to-May. The
players were almost constautly scrapping,
while the spectators Jeered most of the tie
cU:oiis. Eotb pitchers were baited hard.
linvi- won the game lor the Pittsburgs in the
.seventh, when, with three men on bases, he
rapped out » triple, showers fell during the
alteriioon, auU the attend. mcc was but 2100.
scon-: Balti mores 7, 15, 2; Plttsbursa 12, IS,
1. Batteries— Herman aud Clark, Kilien and
sn. den Qmnire— Lally.
NEW YORK, N. V., Auk. 31.— New York
('level ami game postponed: nun.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 31.— St. Louis post
poned : ruin.
BOSTON, U US., Aug. 31.— Boston-Louisville
caiue postponed; rain.
STATE FAIR RACES.
Five Hundred Homes Quartered at the
x Sacramento Track.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 31.—Every
thing is in readiness for the opening of the
State Fair racing meet, and a large attend
ance la looked for the opening day—to
morrow. Over 500 horses are quartered in
and around the track, with applications
for more stall room. For the first day the
events and entries are as follows:
The Occident stake for three-year-olds—Pa
lita, Don Boberlo, Sweet Rose.
Pacing, 2:25 class— Billy <*, Bernard, Dicta
tus, Palatine, Nellie B, Kate H, Estelle Wilkes,
BeaebWOOO, Nick o^ Time,. Mm 3udd, Alto
Genoa, Lizzie E. -■■Sfa&il
Tro ting, 2:40 class— Elert. Peter .Jackson,
Blllups, Silver Queen, Joe Nolan, Goldy, Alia,
Twilight, Lena lln'.vley.
The society has appointed Wilbur F.
Smith 'handicappsr for .the running
events.
The following bookmakers have signi
fied their intention of chalkine up odds
the opening day : G-orge Rose, riarlan &
Co., Robertsun & Co., Joe Rose, Coe A
Co., Wallace & Co. and Pulsifer & Co. It
is more than likely that this number will
be swelled by a couple more firms before
the "cut in."
Jockey Ike Johnson will ride the horses
of Joe Harvey. The half-sister to Flirta
tion, owned by this horseman, is said to
be a crackajack. Uncle Giles, owned by
the Nevada stables, a son of El Rio Key,
has broken down in his work. The fo'l-
Jov.iug jockeys will be seen in the saddle:
Freeman, Snider. Bat'er, George Miller,
Joe Narvaez, Piggott, Burns, "Pop"
Weaver, Johnson, Frawlev, Shearer and
others, who are daiiy expected from the
East.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winners of Events at St. Louis and
fleetwood Park.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Au?. 31.— Six furlonjrs, Min
nie Weldon won, Henry Hiugius second, Irish
Chiei II third. Time, I'6}£.
furlongs, J A Gr.i won, Ilush second,
Valet third. Time, I:ls' £.
Five nrul a half furlongs. Alvin W won,
(Jui-en Soiie second, Don Clarence third. Time,
I:OS3£.
Out.- mile, SHro won, imp. Paiadin second,
Devault third. Time, 1:41'^..
Five furlongs, Dncle I'm "won. BreaCia sec
ond. Donna Aria third. Tune, 1 :(Y6.
Six furlongs, Algol won, May Thompson sec
oml, Nicholas third. Time, 1 :M' 4 .
NKW YORK, X. V., Aug. 31.— Unfavorable
weather Interfered seriously with the opening
of the uranti circuit meeting at Fleetwood
Park to-day. A drizzling rain set in soon after
the hort-e8 were called for the lirst race, and
continued all the afternoon. The attendance
was not up to the mark, owing to the threat
ened downpour early in the day, and the track
was muddy.
Fleetwood stakes, $VIOOO, 2:30 class, trotting,
Vhii Zant won, San Miueo second, King Chimes
third. Best time, 2:13%
Good cheer stakes, .f1'2,000, 2:25 class,
pai-iim, unfinished, Planet lirst, Monopole sec
oud, Beresiord third. Best time, 2:13&.
#
Fouijht to a Draxc.
BALTIMORE, Ma, Aug. 31.— Danny
Mcßride of New York and Joe Gans oi
this city fought twenty rounds to a draw
at t lie Eureka Athletic Club to-night. A
preliminary bout of eicht rounds was con
tested between Abe Ulman of Baltimore
and Michael Brennan of San Francisco.
It, too, Was a dr;iw.
AWFUL WRECK AVERTED.
The Engine of a Tourist Train
Rushes Down From Pikes
Peak.
Engineer and Fireman Jump for Their
Lives and the Passengers Escape
Miraculously.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Aug.
31. — What might have been one of the
most disastrous railway wrecks of the year
was narrowly averted on the famous Pikes
Peak cog road, just two mi.'es above Mani
tou, Sunday alternoon. The engine with a
car completely filled with passenuers left
the summit of Pikes Peak shortly after 12
o'clock.
Everything went well until one of the
stet'ves-t grades of the road above the
Manitou cog station was reached, when
one of the connecting rods of the engine
broke and twisted out a cy!inder-head.
Control of the ponderous piece of ma
chinery was lost ini mediately and it
started down the steep grade with a fright
ful momentum. The engineer and fire
man jumped lor their lives and escaped
with only a severe shaking up.'
The runaway engine remained on the
rails for the distance of nearly a mile,
when just above Shady Bpringa it jumped
the track and collided with a gigantic rock
which it split in twain. The rebound sent
the engine into a ravine 100 feet below.
The engine preceded the passenger coach,
but was not attached to it. When the
danger became apparent the s-ignal was
given for the coach brakes and the car was
stopped before it also got beyond control,
thus probably saving the lives of scores of
tourists.
In the car was a party of distinguished
railway people, including General Manager
Frederick Howard of the London and
Northwestern railroad and General Super
intendent Turnbull of the same road.
CUBANS DYNAMITE A BRIDGE.
All Traffic on the Railroad /s Suspended.
Report of Another Fierce En-
gagement
HAVANA, Cvba., Aug. 31.— A band oil
' insurgents to-day exploded a quantity of i
I dynamite on the railroad company's iron |
, bridge near Bavate, damaging the strtic- ,
I ture to such an extent an to compel sus- '
j pension of all trafiic on the road in the
i Pinar del Rio province.
Major Dolze reports that a fierce en
; garment occurred between the lorce un
; der nis command and a party of rebels
under the leader Duval, near San Vicente, i
province of Pinar del Rio. The insurgents '
were defeated, losing ten men killed. Two ;
i lieutenants, three sergeants and eleven !
privates were wounded and nine privates !
! killed on the Spanish side.
Captain Guadrado reports having sur
prised and captured a rebel hospital near
! Guanajay, killing the prefect, a captain j
and four other officers. A detachment of
Spanish troops, while escorting a convey
to Piedras, were attacked near Ciego de
Avila by a larger rebel force and a fierce
engagement ensued, the details of which
I have not been received. Colonel Velerado,
! who was in command of the troops, re
| turned to Moron, accompanied by eight
| guerrillas.
ARMENIAN BOMBS FOUND.
Constantinople Police Find a Factory in
Full Operation in an Under
ground Vault.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Aug. SL
— The police to-day discovered an Ar
menian bomb factory in full operation.
The work of making bomb 3 was carried on
in an underground vault near the northern
walls of th^ city.
At Kasskein yesterday the houses of a
number of Americans living at that place
were attacked by Turks, the male heads
of these domestic inhabitants being ab
sent. All of the Armenian servants in the
dwellings were killed and the houses
sacked. The ladies escaped to Yenikoi
for protection, having lost all their per
sonal effects.
The estimates of the number of persons
killed in the recent disturbances here are
increasing.
The British Embassy here will oblige
all the English families who have taken
refuge on the chartered steameriHungary
to return their homes.
Dt/namiter Hhitehead Sot found.
KIBBEREEN, Ireland, Aug. 31.—Rob
ert George Whitehead, the insane Irish
dynamiter recently released from Port
land Prison, who on the night of August
24 escaped from the home of his relatives
here and disappered, has been tracked into
the mountains beyond Bantry, where his
trail was lost, Tne parties which were
organized to search for him have given
up all hope of Undine him and have re
turned here.
In*, s mxr u at Dromthurtn.
CHRISTIAN IA, Norway, Aug. 31.— Dr.
Nansen, the Norwegian explorer, has re
turned to Dromthurm.
ROUND VALLEY
AIDING GREGORY
Denizens of "King " White's
Domain Testify at
Weaverville.
TALES WELL REHEARSED
Each Recalls Some Incident of
Value to the Man on
Trial.
TRAPPER FANCHER'S STORY.
Contradicts the Prosecution's Evidence
R garding the Prisoner's
Horse.
WEAVER VILLK, Cal., Aug. 31.—
Round Valley is turning out in force to
save Joe Gregory from death by the noose.
In point of numbers the witnesses for the
defense have the best of it, but much of
their testimony is conflicting, and when
cross-questions extend beyond the range
of former rehearsal there are frequent
contradictions. Round Valley, though, ia
loyal to Gregory, and few of its denizens
fail to recall some circumstance that will
help to prove Gregory guiltless of the mur
der of "Jack"' Lmleneld.
Somewhat of a surprise was sprung upon
the spectators shortly after court opened
this morning, when G. B. Fancher, a gen
tleman of nomadic instincts, was called to
be sworn. As he sat down in the chair,
adjusted his glasses, leaned forward on a
broom handle, which served as a staff, and
began to talk, it was apparent that the
witness' character was as unique as his
appearance.
He stated that he was a hunter and
trapper by occupation, and that he had
resided in California since 1849, and he
could not name one locality where he had
resided in for a period of three months at
a stretch during that time. His present
home was township 13 west. He had
leased the township, which was but hulf
surveyed, from William Thompson as a
grazing range for cattle, in case he should
see fit to accumulate some and place them
upon it. He had some hogs when he left
home, but was not certain that they would
be there when he returned. He had
started his sons in business by presenting
to each of them a sow. A cabin had been
built upon his range, but he did not re
member in what year, as he was not feel
ing very well at the time and took no
notice.
Fancher stated that on the 27th of Sep
tf-mber, while fishing on the north fork of
Eel River, he had seen Joe Gregory and
Fred Radchffe cross at the Wilburn or
lower crossing at sundown, going toward
the Vinton cabin. At the time he was dis
tant from them about fifty yards. There
was a considerable stream of water then
and as Gregory stopped to let his horse
drink, wilh the horse's head pointing
down the stream, he noticed that the
horse was bald faced. He had met no
other persons on the river that afternoon,
thougn he had been in the locality for two
hours. He stated that he had" caught
some fish and cleaned them after dark,
utilizing his sense of feeling in lieu of
light after he got to camp.
Should bis testimony prove true this
witness would be a powerful aid for the
defense, and for this reason a larger por
tion of the day was consumed in cross
questioning him, and it was apparent dur
ing the afternoon session that be was be
coming entangled in the traps set by the
prosecution. At the beginning of his
examination the witness had complained
of being somewhat hard of hearing, until
he chanced to mention that he had heard
Radcliffe and Gregory in conversation
atter they had crossed the river, when
Radciiffe had remarked to Gregory: "Mr.
Gregory, we will go over to Louisey Creek
to-morrow and look tor some cattle."
Upon being reminded of hi.s infirmity by
Deputy Attorney-General Post, the "wit
ness explained that after he had become
acquaint d with the sound of a strange
voice it was no difficulty for him to under
stand, even when spoken in a low tone.
\\ esterman, George Cummingsand Tom
Henley were ajrain called to testify in re
tard to distances measured by them.
"Jack" Weldon of Ukiah was questioned
in regard to a conversation between Peter
ONeil and Peter O'Farrell, and confirmed
none of the latter's statements. Tom
Haydou, at whose house the plot of assas
sination is supposed to have been laid,
and who is charged with complicity in the
crime, stated that he had never heard of
or entered into any plot to kill 'Jack"
Littlefaeld. He had been at home at sun
down on the evening of September 27,
1895. Buck Lacock, Bayiiss Van Horn,
Fred Radcliffe, Joe Gregory, Frank Han
over, Fleetwood and Dr. Joyer had been
at his house that day. Lacock had gone
after Fred Radciiffe and Gregory. Rad
cliffe came unarmed, but went away with,
Vinton's rifle, and the party of six — the
witness, Radcliffe, Gregor}-, Lacock, Van
Horn and Crow — went upon to the hill.
Oregon Sanders, attorney for the de
fense, at this point asked for a recess, as
he was indisposed.
Wages Are .idranced.
LONDON, Eng., Aug. 31.— Three Clyde
and Belfast ship-builders have settled
their differences with their employes by
conceding the advance in wages demanded
by the men.
Almost Jiiprd Out by Fire.
HALIFAX. N. S., Aug. 31.— The town
of Tigonish, Prince Edwards Island, is re
ported almost wiped out by fire. The loa3
is heavy.
Poet Morri* Critically 111.
LONDON, E>u., Aug. 31.— vVilliam Mor.
ris, the celebrated English poet, is criti
cally ill.
TJ DG E for yourself
whether it is best to have your face filled
with pimplesand blood blotchesor whether
you would prefer a clean face and a good
blood. If j'ou decide lor the latter use
3RAN A GAUNTLET
OF GREEDY FLAMES
Thrilling Race of a Logger
and His Crew for
Safety.
SURROUNDED BT FIRE.
On a Trail Flanked by Burning
Forests They Dash for
Their Lives.
GAIN A BRIDGE JUST IN TIME.
Over Fifty Men, Women and Children
Narrowly Escape an Awful
Holocaust.
POI»LAND, Ore., Aug. 31.— A thrilling
tale is that of the escape of 8. Benson, his
wife and three children, and the four men
' employed in his logging camp, from the
fierce forest fire of Friday last, which
raged between Oak Point and Ka."!e Cliff,
on the Columbia River. Benson's main
camp consists of quite a village, there
being fourteen cabins ana a store in the
clearing. In the center of the little town,
and in front of the store, is a well, fitted
with a powerful pump, while on the edge
of the clearing to the east is a live epring. j
When the fire was seen approaching,
I'.enson gathered his men at the camp and
proceeded to pump water into all the I
impty barrels to be procured, some sixty i
in number. Tnese were ranged about the j
cabins, and the work of thoroughly wet
ting the roofs and logs commenced.
The clearing consists of about ten acre»,
and neverdoubting for a moment that the j
water supply from the well and spring i
would hold out the loggers proposed stay
ing with their camp and saving it from
the flames, which were galloping through \
the forest toward them. A bucket brigade
was formed, and as fast as the water in a j
barrel was emptied against a cabin it was !
immediately refilled, those handling the j
Water going to the next full barrel in the
meantime. In this way some 200 barrels |
ot water had been pumped from the well, j
The lire had "jumped" the camp, and
was reaching down toward the logging
railroad and Eagle Cliff trail. Already
the Oak Point trail to the river bank was
a seething mass of flames, and now the
Eagle Cliff trail was on hre, but with the
well pumping Its powerful stream ol water
the camp could be saved. The lire wa»
growing about the edges of the spring, j
cutting off that supply. Stiil there wad
no fear so long as the well held out.
Suddenly there came a shout from the i
"men at the well, "The Dump is suckine I" !
Benson, who was at the rear of th ■
store building, passing water, ran
clown to the pump. It was true. The
well had run dry. "Make for the railroad,
men; drop everything; let the camp go,"
he cried, as he rushed back to the store
to get his wife, baby and daughters Alice I
and Carrie. There was no second bidding I
needed. The flames were eating up
toward the first trestle, the burning of
whicb meant the cutting off of all escape
and a fearful death in a blazing forest.
Gathering his family about him, the
awful run for the first half-mile, wuere the
lire had traversed the Eagle Cliff trail, was
commenced. Everything was left behind, j
The women folk, owing to the intense
h^at of the previous twtnty-four hours,
kid donned light calico wrappers, and it
wis with these they arrived in Portland.
Down the fiery gauntlet of the trail,
through the blinding, suffocating smoke,
the logger, with hi* family and men,
Etarted. So long as human beings had
stayed within the clearing the camp cat
tle, although restive, had also stayed.
Now, with the flight of their protectors,
the poor animals went wild with fright, '
and bellowing dashei down the trail with j
the fleeing people, on through the fierce j
heat, surrounded on each side by racking :
boughs and crushing timber, until at last !
the trestle was reached. Once across this
there was saiety. Already the underbrush
about the underpinning was ablaze. They
came just in the nick of time. Five min
utes lost and the entire party of fifty-two
ruen, women and children would have met
death in an awful holocaust.
Benson piloted his party across safely; '
not so, however, the dumb brutes that had
followed. To them the trestle, with its
open ties, was an impassable barrier. The
cattle tried to make the crossing, only
after a step or two to flounder and fall.
Reaching safety on the other side of the
ravine, the fugitives of the fire turned to I
lootc back. The sight was horrifying, j
• There were the cattle surrounded by flame
and smoke. Eacn minute or so the low- I
hanging pall of smoke would lift and !
they could see an animal reel and fall into i
the abyss of fire beneath. Out on the ties- j
tie were three oxen which had, tie by tie, j
worked their way beyond the death range i
of the fire and, half suffocated, could pro- !
ceed no further. Their efforts but brought !
them death in another form, for as Ben- !
son and his party turned to resume their i
flight down the track the burning trest le I
fell with a crash, currying with it into the
ravine below th<» suffering brutes.
n/niMi o.v .4 jo .iouxtaiss.
Xogales Hank Haiders Clotely Pressed
by Pursuers.
NOG ALES, Ariz., Aug. 31.— The Nocales
bank-robbers are still in a deep canyon of
the Ajo Mountains, Sonora, 60 miles south
of ■bee, Ariz., with an American posse
still after them, with pood prospects of
capturing them. Two other robber*, with
several confederates, are still in Skeleton
Canyon, whither two companies of United
States troops and a posse of United States
deputy Marshals have gone to try to cap
ture them. Since the killing of United
States Custom Inspector Frank Robson
by the robbers the United States Govern
ment has taken up the case and the pros
pects of the fugitives' escape are very
slim.
The.Yaqui trouble here seem to be all
over. The United States troops returned to
Huachuca this morning, though the Mexi
can soldiers are still here.
VC -> CA X 31 ILLS 1 31 Pit O rJSMEXTS.
J:r.,, dents llrioic- Orer the Completion of j
a -\etr Uriili/e.
DUNCAN MILLS, Cal., Aug. 31.— The :
people ol Duncan Mills and surrounding!
country are rejoicing over the completion
of a new combination iron and wooden
br.dge over Austin Creek, a mile and
a quarter from this place, at a point 500
feet from the confluence of Austin Creek
with Russian River.
For thirty years the people of this local-
I ity have been talking and working for this
improvement, and when at length the Su
pervisors let the contract to James A. Me-
Mahon of Ban Francisco there was general
| rejoicinsr. The workmen were treated like
1 guests of the community. Daily they were
j provided with fresh fruit and other delica
! cies, ur.d upon the completion of the work
: a few days ago Charles Lambert threw open
his house and a turkey dinner was given
at which the belles of the countryside did
the honors and the bridge-ouilders were
liie quests of distinction.
The bridge is 240 feet in length, having
i a »pan of 120 feet. Fifty piles were nsed
\ in its construction and the timber is all of
redwood. It is on the direct route from
the Somona Valley to the camping ground
at the mouth of Russian River and will be
greatly appreciated by the throngs of
; campers who tiaverse that route.
mroiicED at savsalito.
Judge Angelotti Grant* a Decree to Mrs.
E. T. Jierin.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Aug. 31.— Mrs. E. T.
Kea:i was granted a divorce from Michael
C. Kean by Jndge Angelotti of the Supe
rior Court of Marin County in San Rafael
to-day on the grounds of cruelty ana fail
ure to provide. General John H. Dicken
son was attorney for the plaintiff. The
defendant, M. C. Kean, failed to appear,
and tLe case went by default. The wit
nesses for the plaintiff were Mr. Seise and
Mrs. MeAndrews.
By virtue of the decree Mrs. Keene re
ceived possession of a house and four lota
vaknd at $tiooo,;with a mortgage for $2500
on the property. Kean was once the owner
of a large plumbing establishment in San
Francisco. He was very popular among
his friends in 1893 in San Francisco. Since
6 has been in the real estate business
in Sau-alito.
Extradited from Spokane.
BPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 31.— " W. H.
Auble, a Los Angeles (Cal.) officer, ar
rived in the city to-day with a warrant
and requisition for A. L. Jones, wanted in
that city for an attempt last June, with
several ot Hers, to rob the First National
. Bank by running a tunnel under the
; vault from the cellar of his saloon. Jones
: admitted he v.as tue man wanted. The
; officer wiil leave here with the prisoner
to-morrow.
LOS ANGELES SHOOTING.
Gambler Feliz Wounded by a
Bullet Fired Through a
Partition.
A Seeming Accident Which Is Be
lieved to Have Been an Attempt
to Murder.
Loe Angeles Offick of The Call )
32s Pouth Broadway, V
Los Anoeles, Cal., Aug. 31. )
L. Rosenberg's pawnshop at 118 East
Fir-t street was the scene this afternoon of
what appears to have been a very peculiar
accident, or what is more probable a delib
erate attempt at assassination where a
great deal of method and clever markman
ship were employed.
A stranger in the garb of a rancher en
tered the store at 5 o'clock and inquired
for a revolver, with a view of purchasing.
Ho was shown a 38-caliber Colt's which he
seemed to admire, and asked permission
to try the fit of a few loose cartridges
which he had in his vest pocket. When
given permission the stranger inserted two
or three, and while attempting to manipu
late the weapon it was discharged. Tne
piece was leveled at a board partition a
few feet away and on a line with the back
of Leonard Feliz's neck in an adjoining
room. Feliz was struck by the ball, it
passing out just below his chin, missing
the jugular by a hair's breadth.
The wounded man was engaged in a
poker game, and it is surmised that the
stranger had been fleeced by Feliz and his
associate and took this plan to get even.
The ballon its way to the gamester's neck
is said to have cutoff a finger belonging
to the shabbily dressed stranger, who,
leaving the revolver behind, quit the shop
and has not been seen since. Feliz, who
is known among iiis associates as "Chile
Con Came," will recover.
FLED OWN HER BABES.
Arrest of a Demented Woman at the In-
*tanc« of Her Iluslmiui.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 31.— A sad
story is involved in the arrest to-day at El
Monte, in this county, of the mother of
infant twins, who in a fit of mental aber
ration imagined that her babes and her
•eu were in danger of starvation at their
home on Boyle Heights. The distracted
woman is the wife of A. E. Nelligan. Her
story is that .-he felt compelled to quit her
home owini; to harsh treatment, and that
bur object in (earing was to reach a place
of safety and security in the home of her
mother at Cucaniotina.
A Deputy Sheriff returned with the trio
this afternoon, and when the mother vai
cued to appear before Judge Clark to
show cause why she should not be re
lieved of tiie care of her baoies. she re
lused to do so, and the twins were turned
over to their father, who had instituted
habeas corpus proceedings to recover
them. After the proceedings had been
entered on the record the mother went to
the courtroom, and when informed of the
action of the court seemed perfectly satis
fied with the outcome of the case. The
husband alleges that he has, for some
time, seen evidences of a wavering mind
in his wife, and when she left home with
her babes without warning he feared she
might inflict bodily harm to them.
Italian Squndron for South America.
ROME. Italy, Auj. 31.— King Humbert
to-day signed a decree ordering the forma
tion of an Atlantic squadron for the pro
tection of Italy's Interests in South Amer
ica.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
TROPHIES WON
AT SAN JOSE,
Marksmen of the Turners
Speed Bullets After
Prizes.
GOOD-NATURED RIVALRY
Aged William Ehrenpfort Scores
the Last Bullseye of
the Day.
SCHUSTER'S SHOT TO CENTER.
Captures First honors for Accuracy
at the Point Target— Utschig
a Winner.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 31.— The San
Jose Turners' shooting section "com
mers" in Turner Hall on First street last !
night kept up until about midnight, and j
Prominent Riflemen at the Turners* Shooting Tournament
at San Jose.
but few of the marksmen left the hall ]
until Master of Ceremonies Zeiler bade
them "Gute nacht." Notwithstanding
: they were all tired from the preceding i
i day's picnic and shooting and the even- j
| ing's pleasure, the riflemen were out at
; the range brignt and early to-day, for all
wanted to secure the red flag for first
bullseye.
Several new faces were noticed in the
shooting stand. F. P. Schuster and D. B.
! Faktor arrived on the early train from
| San Francisco. \Y. Cameron, Dr. Edward
Vlrich, Lj. H. Knoche and other local
marksmen put in an appearance with
their rifles. Mr. Cameron caused a little
astonishment by shooting on the point
target with a heavy Winchester magazine
rifle, but he reached the black without
much trouble.
Kudolph tScherf introduced a novelty in
the rifl hue in the «hape of a No. 3 Win
chester barrel on nn old-fashioned Aus.
trian *tock and a Mauser action. In this
he shot the new Ideal 32-25 cartridge,
straight shell. For such light ammuni
tion the bullet holds up well, and Mr.
Rcherf did credit to himself anl his non
descript rifle.
At 10 a. m. sharp the targets ran tip, and
their appearance called lorth a shower o f
lead f n m the six stands. About two
rounds were fired before trie cry of "First
DUllseye" was raised. It was Captain
Fred lucky shot which gave
r him as 25U prize. From that time until
noon the red, wnite and blue flags were
kept on the fly on the point targets.
On the honorary tareets t c wheels were
kept on the spin recording the shots made.
Faktor started out on the honorary with
65 rings, which he increased to 70, on
24 ~ 22— 24, tyint; John Utachig's score
made the day before. During the entire
day there was a hot competition tor high
est score, for the rir*t prize was a beautiful
and valuable table set of silTex kniras,
forks and spoons presented by Hr.n.
Charles M. Shortridite, who is amembtr
of the Turners. Dr. Bangs was determined
to secure the trophy, lor he shot ticket
after ticket to beat 70. At last success
crownt-d bis efforts, for he reached 72 on !
-'4— 25— 23 rings. This was for the :me .
setback to the others, as 72 was a hard
■core to beat.
"Grandpa" William Ehrenpfort shot
under great dirhe-.ilties fora time in tne '
forenoon. His biniets flew right and left, I
to hi* dismay. He could not account lor
the wild sho.s until a.ter two point tick«tn
were spoiled. Tuen he discovered that hi* .
front sight-base u;i* loose in tne barrel- j
Blot and had moved with every shot.
A little before 12 o'ciocK the riflemen
began to warm Dp for the last bullseye I
before noon. The contest lay between Dr. *
Bangs and .-chuster. but the latter polled '
in ah< ad just before the targets closed. !
Captaina ptain Schumacher invited his guests to j
the pavilion, where a fine cold lunch had
been spread by Mrs. Schumacher and the
ladies of the Bchuetzen section. After
justice had been done to the spread tnere
was a rush for the first bullseye in the j
afternoon, which was won by Dr. Banns. |
During the middle of the afternoon tho I
shooting almost ceased owing to the bad
light on the targets, but wuen this annoy
ance passed the marksmen went to work
again with renewed vigor.
Philo Jacoby stated, during the en
forced intermission, th't when the shoot
ing section held its next medal contest he
would have ready the gold medal that ho
promised. Two years ago he offered such
a trophy to the best shot among the active
members of the cluo, which was won by
Captain Schumacher. The same condi
tions hold for the iiext medal contest,
i The last honors of the day fell to Wil
liam Elirenpfort, the veteran rifleman of
the coast. He is now past 70 years old,
but shoots with the champion class. All
were making their best efl its for the last
bullseye of the day when Ohrenpfort was
in the stand on an honor iry ticket. He
had 23—22, nnd his la»t shot was 24, a
bullseye, which .made his score 69. The
aged marksman was picked up and car
ried on the shoulders of his friends, who
cheered him roundly. The last shot let him
in for a cuance tor the fourth prize on a
tie wit!) Strecker, who made 09 yesterday.
As the two could not divide the prize they
shook dice and again tied on 20. A second
shake threw the prize to Sirecker, but it
did not deprive the old sharpshooter of the
honors he had won. And thus this pleas
ant shooting festival closed with the laurel
wreath on the aged marksman's brow.
After the shooting was over Philo
jßcoby, H. Otter, J. G. McMillan, L.
Weber and Robert Langer returned to
town to measure thu point target bullseyes
on Mr. Lunger's machine, which measures
bullet holes to the one-thousandth iart of
an inch from the center. F. P. Schuster
carried off the first prize of $125 forjthe best
center, which was 88 degrees; second prize
of $15 went to A. Strecker on 161, while the
third fell to Dr. U C. Babin, who won $10
on 256. The twelve following won mer
chandise prizes in the order given:
Name. Degree. Name. Decree.
O. Schuster 257 .1. O. McMillan 458
Dr. A. M. Barker. ...2^o i . Machefert 33
D. a Kaktor 292 L. Henning 557
John Utuchic :^OO I'hllo Jacoby 6Hi
w. Khrenpfort 314 Dr. F. Sohumach«r ..865
Dr. F. Bangs 344|Capt. J. Tledemann. .757
On the most points, John Utschig made
466, taking $25; second, Dr. Bangs, 330
roints, $15; third, A. Strecker, 312, $10.
Th 9 others follow:
Namp. Points' Name. Points.
Dr. Barker 301 Karl Ketn 102
T. V. Schuster 119 O. Keffel 66
I>. B. Faktor '.'OK Captain Tledemann. 54
W. Khrenpfort 126 1\ J:\coby &4
Q. Schluetor 103 U C. Babln 53
J. (i. McMillan 10^ n r . V. Schumacher.. 53
The club was indeed generous with its
prizes on the honorary targets, and the
trophies consisted of everything from a
silver tableset to a jackknife. In the col
lection was a pork sausage the size of a
half-grown pie. Tho principal winners
and their scores were:
Name, rcor&l Name. Score.
Dr. Bangs 72 Dr. I lrich 60
J). B. V kror 70 Plillo Jacoby 60
J. Utschi? 70 L. C. liabin 67
.V. Strecker 69, Captain 'Uedcmann...B7
W. Khrenpfort 69 K. Kl<!n 57
C. Lener 68 L. Graul 66
F. P. Schuster 66 11. Kr;och« 50
J. G. McMillan «6 J. Withers 66
Dr. A. Karker 66 captain Schumacher..
C. I. Hnbtach 06 .1. ltiechers 55
J. Fournie ti?>jH. BlMrt 55
J. K^ftY: 85. J. T. ltucUer 53
K. 1.. Machefert «4 U ll»nnl:ig 61
H.stieok.r 61 H. Tleijea 51
Dr. F. Schumacher 60 K. Langsr 60
Tne other prize winners were Max
Schmidt, 11. Roehr, Robert Wight, H.
Gaetjeti, H. Burts, J. 11. Molir, P. Mas
son, 0. Owen, Mrs. McMillan, Dr. Wis
losky, F. Poi-ky.
As soon as the range committees had
finished their work, they repaired to
Turner Hall, which was* already rilled
with dancers and those who expected
prizes. When the stage curtain raised the
prizes were displaj'en in a large, artistic
collection. Captain Fred Schumacher pre
sided as mr.ste: of cerpti;onies.
1 he first called to the rostrum was John
Utschig, who was presented with the prizes
tor his shooting. Dr. Bangs was the next
called for. He was loudly cheered. Ho
was followed by AdolphSt'recker, who was
also well received. Dr. Barker was given
a lino set of spoons and holder. F. P.
Schuster took a cigar set, D. B. Faktor
took a case of whisky.
Three cheers were given for William
Ehrenpfort, the veteran sharp-shooter,
who selected a beautiful hanging lamp.
Medals were presented to J. Riechers. H.
Strecker and L. Henning for making over
fifty points on the point target. Karl
Kit in selected a beautiful vase. J. Utschig
received the beautiful gold medal pre
sented by the San Jose Mercury. Dr.
Bangs selected the beautiful silver set pre
sented by Charles M. Shortridge for the
highest score on the honorary target. D.
B. Kaktor took the silver urn donated by
Charles E. Graebe. At midnight the dis
tribution was still going on.
WAN THIS "JACK" CRAWFORD?
Reported Heath of th* Toet Scout at the
Meicilt Mines.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 31. -News has
reached this city of the accidental death
at the Blewitt gold mines, in Kittitas
"■', of Captain Jack Crawford, who
claimed to be the original "poet-scout."
He f..1l over an embankment and was
killed instantly. No details hive been re
ceived.
Another report says that the ".look"
Crawford who was killed is not the "Poet*
Scout." It is thought it was a miner who
had been at^ne time a scout.
l-.picortn l.rn.,iie Conference.
LOS ANGELES, Cai*, Aug. 31.— At the
Los Angeles district conference of the
Epworth League on Saturday at Downey
the following ollicera weio elected: Presi
dent, A. N. Oaldwollr flrat vice-president,
Gusli. Harper i third vice-president, Miss
Ellen Heavis: recording secaetarv, Ralph
Sevins; corresponding secretary, Miss
Hedge Adams; treasurer. Miss M. Parish.
In the erening a literary meeting was
held, the subjects presented beine as fol
lows: "Apostolic Age of the church," by
Rev. .1. B. Johnson; "Rise of the Papacy,"
by G. D. Harper, and "Alonaaticism," by
11. N. Caldweli. l'residtng Elder T. J.
Duncan delivered the morning sermon
yesterday, and in the evening Miss Mary
Alien led the league service. Closing re
marks were rrlade by Rev. E. J. Harper of
Downey. *-
IDAHO'S FIVE
STATE TICKETS,
Silver Forces Unable to
Adopt a Plan of
Fusion.
DEFEAT FOR DUBOIS.
The Republican Bolter Finds All
Party Doors Closed Upon
Him.
WHITE METAL MEN AT SEA.
Their Dissensions Are Certain to Give
the Electoral Ticket to
McKinley.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Aug. 31.— The
political situation is the one topic to
night, and is an extremely complicated
situation. Senator Dubois, Congressman
Wilson, Democratic National Commitlee
rnan Johnson of Washington, D. C, and
the advisory board of the Democratic
Central Committee of Idaho, composed
of J.imes H. Hawley and Timothy Regan
of Ada County and Jacob Horn of Canyon
County, arrived this morning, and caused
a meeting of the local Democratic leaders
to be called at the opera-house this after
noon. This meeting was private, but it is
learned that the object was to urg«» a unity
of the silver forces of all parties and to
place a silver ticket in the field. About a
dozen prominent Democrats, in addition
to the central committeemen, were
present. Being pledged by the action of
the State Convention at Boise City to sup
port their nominees they were powerless.
The meeting was adjourned to receive
some information from National tiend
quartern. and failing in this Senator Du
bois and his party were informed that
they would be turned over to the Populist
Central Committee to see what conces
sions would be granted by that body, and
it is understood that, if possible, a meet
ing will be arranged.
No attempt was made on the part of the
silver leaders at the Boise convention to
secure fusion with the Populibts and Dem
ocrats, and when Senator Dubois prom
ised to control the silver Republicans ot
Idaho in the interests of the Democratic
party, in exchange for the silver Demo
crats' support, he undertook more than he
could accomplish. There has been *o
much contention that it is certain it is too
late to harmonize the different parties on
a silver ticket, and if so there will un
dcvbtfdly be five tickets to choose from,
with Republican success certain.
KRAN COUNTY REPUBLICANS
Poll and Honpitalt Tax Denounced in
Their I'latfortn.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Aur. 31.— The
Republican County Convention was held
here to-day and was largely attended.
The following platform was adopted:
We. tho Republican party of Kern County In
convention assembled, do again affirm our
allegiance to the principles of the Republican
party, ntui hereby pledge our earnest and
hearty support to its nominees tor President
anl Viee-I'resident, McKinley and Hobart.
We denounce as un-Kepublieaii the luvving
of n roß.l, \io\\ and hospital tax upon the'eiti
kena of Kern County, and hereby pledge our
nominees for Supervisor 10 uce all honest aad
honorable mean* to «i oit-.h the same.
We believe tn«t railroad cornoratlnns should
be comi'elled to liquidate their mortgage deßts,
th ■ siuue as indi\ idutils.
We believe that goori roads are an advance
men; fnrthe building up of our county, and
hereby pledge the earnest and hearty support
of our nominees for Supervisor to use their
every effort to Improve our public highways.
Hon. A. R. Conklin was nominated by a
large plurality for Superior Judge and
James Curran for member of the Assem
bly, against R. C. Dale, the incumbent.
Nominations were also made in two Super
visorial districts, but in the Third there
was a deadlock, and the people of that dis
trict will have to decide the question.
LOS GATOS IN LINE
republican* Organize a League With
One Hundred Members.
'. LOS GATOS, Cal., Aug. 31.— The Re
publicans of Los Gatos were out in force
to-night. The McKinley League of : Los
Gatos was organized with 100 members,
comprising the leading citizens and busi
ness, men of the town. The permanent
officers are: Major G. Hawley president
R. F. Robertson secretary, B. F. Williams
treasurer.
Committees were appointed to draw up
by-laws and constitution, procure speakers
and make arrangements for public meet
ings. A telegram wa3 sent to Major Mc-
Kinley, assuring him of warm support
and the success of the Republican party
in this section. In a hall adjoining, the
young men of Los Gatos organized a Mc-
Kinley drill corps fifty strong, and uni
forms and torcnes were ordered.
Solano Convention Called.
VALLEJO, Cal., Aug. 3JL-The Repub-
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Mean Central Committee of Sola no County
met at Fairfield to-day and fixed v pon
Rio Vista as the place for holding the Re -
publican convention on Saturday, Sep-
I tember 19. to nominate cand idates ior
l State Senator, Assemblyman «nd Superior
i Judge. Primaries will 'be held through
out the county on Saturday, September
12. at which time fifty-eight delegates will
be selected.
Equal Suffrag'.nt* at X,os Angeles.
L.OS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 31.— Two
noted equal suffragists arrived at head
quarter? here to-fiay from San Francisco —
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn and Miss Mary
Hay. It is understood that the main pur
pose of the visit of these ladies at this
time is to secure the Los Angeles organi
zation as auxiliary to the State commit
tee's campaign work. This matter was
passed upon recently by the local commit
tee, when it was decided by a large ma
jority that the work of this county should
continue as heretofore — co-operative, but
not auxiliary.
Eddy Spenkx at San Luis.
BAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Aue. 31.—
Colonel T. V. Eddy of San Francisco ad
dressed a large audience here te-night on
the issues of the present campaign. The
McKinley and Hobart Club turned out
300 strong, with a large following of Re
publicans and two brass bands. The,
pavilion was crowded to the doors and
the applause frequent, as Colonel Eddy
made many telling points. At intervals
during the parade a cannon pealed forth.
Itr.Uy at Bakersfle.ld.
BAKERSFIELD, CAL.,:Aug. 31.— At the
meeting of the new Republican County
Central Committee this eveniag, Winfield
Scott was chosen chairman, C. E. Arnold
secretary and George H. Crafts treasurer.
A large mass-meeting was held under the
auspices of the McKinley clubs of this
place and Kern City. T. W. Loukhart
presided, and Senator B. B. Carpenter de
livered a speech, which was loudly ap
plauded.
SAUSALITO'S COMING FETE.
Citizens of the Picturesque Town Are
United in Working for Its
Success.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Aug. 81.— An enthu
siastic meeting was held this evening in
furtherance of the fete, "A Night in Sausa
lito." General John H. Dickinson pre
sided. He said, on opening the meeting:
"I believe we can outline a policy that
will lead to success. I regret the absence
of Commodore Bruce to-night. I have
been with him, and we have received much
encouragement from several sources."
Chairman Dickinson appointed on the
finance committee, to act in conjunctiou
with himself, Ben lfarkeley, H. li". I'latt,
A. Lawrence and Osgood Hooker. More
appointments will be made later. The rn
tire board of Town Trustees will probably
be placed on the committee, it consisting
of General Dickinson, C. C. Bruce, O. C.
Miller, L. G. Ambjoruson and J. W.
Sperry. The meeting was adjourned until
next Monday evening, when the commit
tees and Town Trustees will meet. The
subscription list will be then started in
earnest.
The voting contest for the queen of the
carnival stands a- follow?: Miss K.Becker
173, Mis« L. Ambjornson 172. Miss K. Gor
man 107, Mi?s Kaisch 101, Miss Henry 20,
Miss A. 'W'osser 8.
A Failure at Beattte.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 31.— Upon the
showing that the concern had issued
promissory notes to the extent of $30,000
to S. F. Myers & Co. of New York, tde
Emj ire Jewelry Company (wholesale anu
retail) of this city was to-day, by order of
the court, placed in the hands of a re
ceiver. The application was made by the
Seattle National Bank.
ANCHORED HI SEATTLE.
Arrival of the First Vessel of
the New Japanese Mail
Steamship Line.
Car.noa B^om and Bells Are Rung
When the Miike Maru Steams
Into the Harbor.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 31. — Amid
blowing of steam whistles, ringing of
bells and firing of cannon, the Miike
Maru, the maiden vessel of Nipon Yusen
Kabuchiki (Japanese Mail Steamship
Company), which has entered upon a ten
year contract to operate a steamship line
in connection with the Great Northern
Railroad between Japan and the United
States, Seattle being tho American ter
minus, steamed into Seattle harbor tins
afternoon, and at 3 o'clock was made fast
to Scthwabiichcrs dock. It was an even—
the beginning of an epoch — so declared
the commercial life of Seattle; and uole?s
than la.OOO people lined the wham
docks in attestation of their appreciation,
and to bid joyous welcome to Miike Maru,
her master, Captain Christopher Young,
and officers.
At 1 o'clock the firoboat Snoqnalniie,
with the Chamber of Commerce reception
committee and ai/out, 2i.D ieu<iii)K citizens
aboard, steamed down Uie bay and greeted
the Maru at the entrance of the harbor off
Magnolia Bluff, the site of the new army
post and fortitication. Small craft of all
kinds and description joined in a triumph
ant water parade back to the city. The
day was not an ideal one, for smoke and
fog dimmed the horizon, but this did not
dampen the ardor of those participating
in the welcome. Durinc a salute of twen
ty-one guns, which was fired by the Miike
Maru in fitting acknowledgment of the
compliment, innumerable Japanese rock
ets were shot skyward, producing a most
beautiful effect.
From the ship the officers, led by James
Griffiths, general agent of the company,
were escorted to a platform on the wharf,
from which formal addresses of welcome
were delivered by Hon. E. C. Hughes,
who spoke for the Stale and Governor Mo-
Graw, the latter being unable to attend;
President Graves of the Chamber of Com
merce and Mayor Wood. Appropriate
responses were made by Miki Saito, Jap
anese Consul; Mr. Griffiths and Captain
Young. Consul Saito closed his weil
cho-en remarks saying:
-This, I imagine' is the very first occa
sion on which a Japanese vessel broke tl>e
foam of the Pacific to find its way to a
welcome in the smiling waters of Pu<*et
Sound."
Tho Miike Maru sailed from Yokohama
on August 5, via Honolulu, leaving the
latter port on August 21. It brought a
fair cargo, and there is more freight piled
upon the wharf than she will be able to
of 20SOnet. etUrn Carß °- She ha 3 a tonna e
' ♦
SAN JOSE NORMAL CHANGE.
Miss Mackinnon, Preceptress of the State
School, Resigns Because Her Salary
Was Reduced.
h^V° 1S"1 S " AU *- 31 - Ml^ Eliza
beth Mackinnon. who has been precep
tress of the State Normal School for -the
past four years, has resigned. She will be
succeeded by Miss M. E. Blasdel of Oak
land who for a year has been secretary of
the Board of Trustees and assistant libra
rian.
Miss Mackinnon's resignation is said to
be due to the cutting of her salary from
$ISOO to $1400 per year by the board at its
last meeting. She returned from a trip to
the East last Thursday, and at once ten
dered her resignation* to the executive
committee of the trustees. It was ac
cepted, and Miss Blahdel was elected to
lili the vacancy. Miss MacKinnon was a
great favorite witfc the students, and her
resignation has caused much talk among
them. They declare that tl.e cut in the
salary Wts made for the sole purpose of
securing Mi-s Mackinnon's resignation, so
as to elect Mi?s Blasdel to the position.
Mi--s Violet Jayne, a teacher in English,
has been granted a year's leave of absence.
Miss C. .V. Daniels will £11 the place dur
ing that time.
Jieath of J. S. Fotoler.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 31.— J. S. Fowler,
an old resident of Alma district, died at
I his honie Saturday night. He was a na
■ tivo of Wisconsin, aged 50 years. He
1 came to California in 1872, and a year
later took up his home near Alma. He
was one of the best-known residents in
that vicinity and had been roadmaster for
several years. The funeral will be held at
Los Gatos to-morrow, under the auspices
of the Masonic fraternity.
"Planning for an Institute.
SAX JO?E, Cal., Aug. 31.— A move
ment is on foot to hold a farmers' insti
tute in San Jose in November under the
auspices of San Jose Grange. The insti
tute will be similar to the one just held
in San Diego County. It will be in session
several days. Professors from the Uni
versity of "California and Stanford will be
askiid to deliver lectures upon economic
questions and topics of interest to the
farmers and orchardist?.
Sontig's Captor Unrewarded.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 31.— "Jim"
Witty will have to satisfy himself with the
empty glory of having captured Soutag,
the late partner of Chris Evans, for it was
decided to-day that Witty was not entitled
to any part of the $10,000 reward given by
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Witty recently brought suit against the
company in the United States Circuit
Court to compel it to pay him the $10,000
reward. The court decided Witty caught
Sontag only after some one else had shot
him, and was, therefore, not entitled to
the money.
NEW TO-DAT.
SfThelli /fi^ ftiTi T\n
I Mr snaps
3.25 DINNER SET
complete for 6 persona, 04 place i
6.75 DINNER SET
complete for 12 persona, 100 pieces.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware,
4.75 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 6 persons, 04 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
' Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieots
Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
PRETTY DECORATION,
Will Cost You Double Elsewhere.
SEE JT-H.EUA..
PPI lIT I 45 ° per Do *- Plnta,
1 «>.v-' 1 1 \ 55c per Doz. Quarts.
lADC / 730 per Doz. Half Gallons.
Ot\t^J. I SOc per Doz. Jelly Glasses.
Great Americanlinportinfi Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. 4 6 Ninth «t.
3510 Mission st. aiB Third st.
140 Sixth st. aooB Fillmore st.
617 Kcarny st. 065 Market st.
1419 Polk at. 3006 Sixteenth St.
R2i Montgomery smt. 10.4 .Second at.
333 Hayes st. ';. > 3285 Mission st.
gj Market at. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo eve. 917 Broadway, Oaklaai
1355 Park St., Alameda.
Patient
Silent
Suffering
. Women
They are nnmhered by thousands 1
Men! husbands, brothers, fathers I Why
do you let them suffer ?
You do not appreciate the extent of the
suffering. It is of such a nature as not to
alarm you. Pains in the back, weakness,
headaches, nervousness, hysteria, nervous
prostration— "oh, well, most women have
ont- or the other — can't be helped I They
get over it in time I"
Otic upon you! You think nothing of
years of snff,erine of those you pretend to
love! LV-r'U
But worse— they DON'T get over it more
than half the time. Chronic inflamma-
tion and catarrh of the womb, leucorrhea,
etc., with their train of miserable attend-
ants, lead at least half their victims slowly
but straight to an early grave.
DOCTOR COOK.
The most experienced and expert of spe-
cialists is not too pood for one you care
for. Let her have the best treatment the
country affords. Don't risk having to re-
proach yourself for her lifelong misery or
early death, by trusting to chance, patent
medicines or to a doctor without long ex-
perience in this particular class of dis-
eases.
Dr. Cook is also an expert in cases of
sterility.
Lost manhood, too, he completely re-
stores.
Out-of-town customers treated success-
ful by mail.
Office hours: 9to 12, 2t05,7 to 8. Sun-
days, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only.
H.GOOK,M.D,,
865 Market St., |i|sS;
Permanently established in this city.
m RUPTURE.]
EHnF irrupturril.Toti r.a'nr.iMy her* tooM.tln relief
Kjftf from pain; Kcutitr from 6tr,iv;vlatrJ Jltnua oad a M
Ms? : rniaa'jntcur^irpo'sihle. Please in» estigaio -Dr.
Hf Pierc««ri.t. i.'»sncilc Elastic Tru-»." and yen will ■
;jSf I<■ mrpriset at »hat you will learn. ThisTru^^B
*? positively dots the t rirfc*au<l is w orib Jt.OCO to any fjSk
Hf rupture I man or woman. If you vaut the BEST, gSS
0 call or rend 3 ci«. in stamp! for fret Pamphlet Nn. I.^Hj
■ Itcoutain* full inforni»<!on. QBT Th« s«l(ti:lsc £*«
■ jimmer.t of tr:is«r« utour a«r*ria!tv. Ad<lrati
■ iMAUVKTir n.vsTi.' TRI'SS To.. 7O4iX ■* JMsJI
1 cor. s»ci4m«nio 4 Kcars; fc;s. ( »acu*>r Cai. fIBHBNOT SYSTEMS
BUT CITIZENS
Father Yorke on "The
Little Red School
house."
{DR. NIETO IN THE CHAIR
Metropolitan Hall Is Crowded to
Hear the Catholic
Priest.
CASE AND ILEINOR SCORED.
An Eloquent P:ea for Religious Toler
ation—Local Application of
the Test.
Father Yorke spoke to even a larger
° audience last night at Metropolitan Hall
than that which greeted him last week in
the same auditorium. Every seat was
tilled and advantageous standing room
» was a scarcity.' His subject was "The
Little Red School," and incidentally he
■ "took occasion to reply to a lecture deliv
ered a week ago Sunday by Rev. Mr.
, - "Fleenor of Seattle and to pay attention 10
I •other A. P. A. speakers. It was the sec
.. pnd of the series of live lectures that the
°, "champion of Catholicism has undertaken
" '« to deliver under the auspices of the Ameri
> can Women's Liberal League.
Dr. C. I). Cleveland, a cousin of Presi
dent Grover Cleveland, on behalf of the
league introduced Rev. Dr. Jacob Nieto as
the chairman of the evening. The hand
.pome rabbi's appearance was greeted with
hearty applause, as had been his entrance
o upon the platform, side by side with the
"champion of the local Catholics. The
Blatform was rilled with the local mem
bers of the Catholic priesthood, and a
number of prominent members of the
Protestant faith. Among the latter were
oßev. Mr. Shaw and Rev. Mr. Moreland.
Dr. Cleveland, in his brief introduction
of Rabbi Nieto, remarked that the latter
"appeared "in the interest of American
toleration and liberty."
*• 'It affords me no small amount of grati
fication," began Rabbi Nieto, "both as
ran individual- and as a representative of
an important section of the Jewish com
"munity to be here with you this evening,
'• to express my condemnation of religious
persecution in any form and all methods
'• employed for its furtherance.
..erf can be no two opinions," he con
•. tiaued, "on this point and there should be
J no sort of hesitation in expressing only
. (he oire opinion that can remain in the
mind of man.
'•Religious persecution is inconsistent
„ witn modern civilization and ruins both
the best interest* of the city and the
country wherein it is permitted.
"Children of. one household, members
of one family, citizens of one State,
brothers at large, instead of working hand
in hand for the welfare of the State, fam
ily and household are made to fly it one
another's throat in the most hideouß
cau-e that ever caused man to spill blood.
"A-< a man, as a Jew, I demand religious
liberty and toleration. As a citizen of
this magnificent and august Republic I
• insist that every man be allowed to wor
ship his God as he will.
'The question may be asked of us:
Why. as Jews, do we stand shoulder to
Bhou!der with the Roman Catholic at this
time? We would stand shoulder to shoul
der with any sect that was experiencing
any difficulty in practicing its religious
■ creed in its own way and according to its
„ own light.
••I will tel! you why the Jew stands by
°° the Roman Catholic; I will tell you why':
0 Not only from tee pure dictates of his
heart, which will always detest religious
" -persecution. The Jew, I hope, is beyond
.a '- all other things, gratelul."
'■'." He related how in the early portion of
the sixteenth century, when the princes
• "x>i Europe were seeking to despoil and de
. Btroy the Jew, every occupant of the Papal
jjrl cuair had declared "that no Jew should be
persecuted and that his property should |
be- protected. He tolti bow Gregory X
defended the Jew and vouched for the un
truthfulness of the cnarge that the Jews
o° dwint human blood and ate the heart
of a child at the celebration of the Pass
' over feast; how Archbishop Werner of
.. Mayence defended the Jews from the
o. charge of child murder, when no one else
■ : dared raise hand or voice in their behalf;
, . how Innocent IV secured for the Jew the
• •privilege of being allowed to retain his
* Bible and Talmud when all the nations
were against him; now Innocent VII
gave a refuge to the Jews when they were
expelled from Spain; how Pius IV re
moved the badge which up to his time all
•Jews, as related of Shylock by Shakes
peare, were compelled to wear to indicate
that they were Jews, and how Henry I,
Archbishop of Mayence. and Clement VI
had given protection to the Jews. Con
tinuing he said:
"In view of all these kindnesses show
ered upon our race by the supreme power
of the Catholic church, how can we do
otherwise than stand in and say that there
shall be no religious test in this country."
He referred to the anti-Semitic agitation
in Germany, and remarked: "Those who
o were resi onsible for that were not Catho
lics." After a tribute to the broad spirit
01 deration that he said marked the
treatment of other sects by tne Catholics
he introduced Father Yorke.
The latter announced that on Thursday
evening, in Metropolitan Hail, he would
deliver a lecture for the benefit of the Pre
sentation Convent schools, and begged the
support oi his auditors for the worthy ob
jects of them institutions. His lecture on
that evening will be on the subject,
"Where did you ge: the Bibie?*' He spoke
in substance as follows:
"Before I begin with that interesting object
known as he little red scboolhouse I have one
or i»o prelaae*, One of tliee dealt with the
gentleman who emigrated from Oakland, even
unio Beat tie; and from at tie to n.i» <'i y, tne
Kcv. Mr. Fit en or. [Hisses and laughter.]
And i.at I have to hay concerning l;im is
bin a continuation of the line of thought put
into such beautiful words by the reverend doc
tor utio has Just spoken oefore me in the re
ci anting to you the feelings that stir hi:- heart
and that stirs the heaii <>, every true Hebrew
concerning religious toleration. mid with what
was .said lrom this platform yesterday aft.r
n:>on, v.hen the Rev. Dr. • Flee lor declared,
"that net a wonderful fusion of the Romans
and Jews last Monday night." It carries one
back to the time when tnc Jews and Romans
united to crucify the Savior." [Murmurs of
mingled awe an.i disapproval.]
That is the spirit of the A. P. A.
Two years »c« vie man ho began it In this
City declared: The Ouhoiic to-day, the Jews
I •morrow. He denied that lie ever said it.
But yesterday the truth came out, and what
Henry said in one way Fleenor said in an
other.
Has it come to this in this American Repub
lic, that we are to look back to the crimes «nd
Bins of 1900 years ago and flash them in the
"face of the *pe< pie to-day and demand thai
they be punished therefor?
Has It come to this that the Jew of to-dny
rills' (j.- punished for what was done 1900
, years neo? Is this Christianity? Surely this
Is not Protestantism! Bctpeetaole Protestant*
1 who love their religion. ho love their church,
remember that when the Christ was crucified
prayed, "Father, forgive them, they know not
what tl < ■-■ do."
_ And<sc> we Catholics are proud to stand on
<jhe same platform as the Jews in this good
cause of religion and toleration. [Applause.]
As Dr. KieW* -aid, our standing together on
this platform does not mean tli.it we agree In
our religious opinions. It would bu a small
matter for us to stand together if we did agree
in our religious belief; but the American prin
ciple is this— that men, thouvh they may differ
in what they believe, yet when i: comes down
to the good of the community and of the body
politic, when it comes down to this great prin
ciple of religious tolerance, stand together as
one man. [Appiause.]
The trouble of religious intolerance Is that
it grows on that on which it feeds. You may
begin to pen cute a small and an insignificant
sect, but by the force of logic you ate bound to
push your persecution lurther. You may
begin to persecute Hie Catholics to-day; you
will surely have the Jews to-morrow, and the
day alter to-morrow you will have every
Protestant sect that does not agree with you
placed under the ban of this organization,
which is the open sore upon our body politic.
And not only Catholics and Jews, but the
Protestant ho has a Catholic wife, (he Pro
testant who sends his children to whatsoever
school he pleas, the Protestant who has a
Catholic friend, aye, and the Protestant who
will not put his neck under the foot of the
paramour of a bad woman and do in politics
what that scoundrel dictates. [Loud applause.]
Whether it was the effect of the early rain or
not [laughter], 1 remark that the Rev. \V. \V.
Case has come out from his retirement. Last
Sunday evening he paid his respects to your
humble servant and lifter declaring that those
other learned controversialists have not left
me a leg to stand upon, be proceeded to try
his own hand at throwing me down. •
However, th speaker subsequently con
cluded, Mr. Case was scarcely worth wast
ing their valuable time upon. He humor
ously reminded his auditors of a rather
mysteriously worded advertisement, which
at one time appeared in some of the street
cars and whicn began: "Don't be woozy."
[Laughter.] "Chew somebody's gum." If
they could only induce the Rev. Dr. Case
to chew some kind of gum and if that
gum would only stick his teeth together
for the rest of bis natural life, he— Fattier
Yorke— believed that Dr. Case's own co
religionists would be heartily glad of it.
Father Yorke accused Dr. Case of a dis
honest attempt to foist upon the public
credulity a quotation from a spurious
French translation of Gury's Compen
dium, in which quotation it was asked:
Are Roman Catholic priests subject to the
civil law? Dr. Case gave a negative answer.
He (Father Yorke) finally left a copy of
I (Jury at The Call office, in order to show
j the public of San Francisco that after the
I question was put — "Are clerks or clergy
men bound by the civil law?" — the an
swer was not No, but, in plain terms, Yes.
[Applause. [
He declared last Sunday evening that he had
a document which proves me to be a liar. I
will not return him the word; he may keep it
and use it as often as: he pleases, but I say here
again that the quotation he gives from Gury is
a forger; from top to bottom. And I say to
the good people of the Methodist Episcopal
I church upon whom he is forced for their sins
[laughter], that they are sitting at the feet of a
man who knows not what the truth Is when it
comes to dealing with Catholicity.
I tell — and the responsibility rests upon
their heads— that they are supporting a man
who hns been shown in the public prints of
this City to have, in questions of fact, stated
the thing which was not and to have made
quotations and given excerpts which never
appeared in the Looks to which he referred
them. I think I can safely leave the Rev. W.
W. Case •<> the people of this City, and 1 will
further add that if the Protestant religion has
n-.'ed of such defenders then it is a sad day for
the Protestant churches of San Francisco and
California. [Applause.]
Father Yorke in his third prelude ar
raigned the Rev. Mr. Fieenor once more,
quoting in this connection several extracts
from that gentleman's last public utter
ance, bearing more particularly upon J.
jH. Barry's denunciation of me Rev.
Benjamin Hudelson. This Mr. Fleenor
had characterized as a lie of Rome and
the devil. If so, asked the speaker, why
was not Barry of the Star in jail? [Loud
applause.] The charges had been made
not in genera, terms, but with names, and
unfortunately for the Rev. Benjamin
Hudelson they had been given with date,
and the truth of tne matter was thai R' v.
J Mr. Hudelson was a man who had stepped
I from the trough of sensuality into a Chris
tian pulpit and who stil l recked with tne
' vile smell of the slums.
The charges against Hudelson are no libel;
the charges are mat this man, who hall a dozen
years ago, when he had arrived at the full age
of manhood, had fallen as low as it is pos-ibie
for human nature to fall. The Charges are
that in two or three months he stepped from
this state of degradation into a Christian pul
pit; that he is now at the nead of a society
| which accuses the foreign population oi
; this country with being criiun.a'.s, which
declares that a large section of
this community are unfit to have office;
that they and he have come to save this coun
try and protect our institutions. Barely won
derful saviors. Wonderful protectors are the
Rev. Benjamin Hudel'on, the Hon. Mr. Qnii
zow and all his Kind. [Applause.] Ii the }: v.
Mr. Fleenor remains In the City for a few
months, thereby breaking his record of con
tinuous residence in any city in which he has
hitherto been— he may hear something more
about the Hon. and Rev. benjamin Hudelsoii,
and hear it in the courts of this State. [Ap
plause.]
The speaker then proceeded to deal with
the true subject-matter of his address —
the little red scboolhouse, or the public
school system of these States, which he
traced from the earliest times down to the
present day. He pointed out that the
modern non-sectarian system was not in
troduced by the Pilgrim hers, as some
people would lead the public to suppose,
; but was the slow outgrowth of intellectual
i development. He voiced ti e gratitude of
j the Roman Catholic community toward
j Archbishop John Hughes of New York,
| who was primarily responsible for the abo
lition of religious teaching in the schools
of that State.
He outlined his reasons for opposing the
j introduction of the Bible into the public
school, and emphasized tlie fact that the
Roman Catholics rather than risk the
true freedom of education, had pone to
the additional expense of providing
schools of their own, wherein the tenets
of their religion could be installed into
the mind of their children. In Ban Fran
cisco aione 10,000 Catholic children at
tended these schools, at a veariy expense
of $300,000. He remarked upon the in
justice of the sentiment which dictated a
popular outcry about "Rome's- red hand"
whenever a Catholic sought election as a
school superintendent, while the Pro
testant clergyman, on the other hand, in
variably showed himself appreciative oi
ihe spoils of office.
He referre.l in strong language of con
demnation to G. vernor Btidd, whom he
accused of reversing for political motives
the action of the School Board of San
Jose by reintroducin^ the practice of Bible
reading, and further of appointing as
trustee of the Normal School of ban Jose
Henry French, a member of the A. P. A.
He particularly referred to the episode
in Which Trustee Henderson of this City
recently figured when Council 1 of the
A. P. A. placed him upon his trial
because he had dared to vot- lor a Catho
lic as principal or vice-principal of one of
our public schools.
In conclusion he put in an eloquent plea
for the privilege of the parent to teach bis
child as he saw fit. "This," he said, "is
not a country of systems, because we do
not want systems; we want men."
We want men ol honesty, of honor, of In
tegrity. Such men will not be obtained merely
by putting SUCh ami such a law on the statute
book. We can get them only when the citi
zens are raided up to be leal and true and law
abiding, and when they obey the laws not be
cau-e tin are made in sucu a way and by such
a board, but because they believe it is tlielr
duty to do what is right, and ».s American citi
zens they are going to do their duty. [Loud
applause.]
Alter the chairman had announced that
Father Yorke would deliver a lecture en
titled "The Carpenter's on," in the same
place on September 14, under the auspices
of the American Women's Liberal League
the meeting dispersed. *
Tlmy Aro 1 Drolling
Since the Rppubliciin campaign opened the
enrolling of Republicans in their respective
Assembly districts has increased by the hun
dreds. As a sample of this enthusiasm twenty
five names were added to the roll in American
Hall, corner of i'acific and Leavenworth
Forty-second District, la*t nigut. upon wiiai
may ne termed a ••still" nitrnt; thut is t<, bay
ther^- were no sj eakers present, nor were there
any atinounc-d. The ctub simply opened its
doors, when there whs a rush ol Republican*
Hii.\ioiis to feign the roll, and signiiy their In
tention of v.v g for UcKlnley and the Re
publican ticket in general.
Titian wa> the greatest Venetian painter.
The ciiief of a long line of imitators, art
critics rank him with Raphael and Cor
regio, a prince of the aru
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, IS9G.
Scene From the Drama, "Madame Sans Gene," Presented for .the First Time in This Gty at the
Baldwin Theater Last Night.
PLAYS AT THE
CITY THEATERS,
"Mme. Sans Gene" Makes
a Hit at the Baldwin
Last Night.
MISS KIDDER'S SyCCESS
The Alcazar Opens Again With
a Fine New Stock
Company.
-TURNED UP" A FUNNY FARCE
Second Wee:: of "Social Trust" at
the Columbia— New Bills at
Other Places.
Not since the initial appearance of John
Drew as a star has the Baldwin held !>o
bnliittnt an audience as the one that
greeted the opening performance of th*
'•Sans Gene" company las*, e v-e : i i :i pr. Scat
tered all over the hou«e were handsomely
gowned women, representatives of the
local 400.
As is usual with a fashionable audience,
the curtain had risen on the stirring first
Bcene of the drama and not one-tenth of
the audience was as yet seated. In fact,
the prologue was nearly over before the
fashionable procession down the center
aisle had ende !.
Sardou wrote "Mme. Sans Gene" when
: the recent Napoleon craze was at its
I height, but we are still too near the days
! of the First Empire for a dramatist to pre
j «ume to take poetic license with the mem
j ory of le petit caporai, which perhaps ac
• counts for the fact that Napoleon has not
been made the central figure of the play.
Mme. Sans Gene, the wile of one of his
i marshals, appears in that capacity, and
I with her brilliant N'xpn er-nic background
j she quite cap;ured her first Sau Francisco
] audience.
The background had a good deal to do
with last night's success, for "Mme. Sans
Gene" is to a great extent a sories of gor
geous tableaux, with one ficure, that of
the ex-washerwoman, standing out warm
and lifelike among the other somewhat
etilted dramatis persome, v|] U g.va one
the impression of being on a continual
drcrf, parade. One had to look round at
the familiar btalls and boxes to be quite
sure that the house was really the Bald
win and not Drury Lane, in the days
when the late lamented Sir Augustus
Harris spent money like water in mount
ing his productions.
Such velvets and satins, yards and
yards of them trailing over the stage in
regal magnificence. Such jewelry! to look
at it made one wink and blink ! Such uni
forms f and they were not made according
to the eostumer's fervid Imagination, either
they were copies from tho pomp and panoply
of war in which Napoleon decked out is
grande armee— lancers, hussars, dragoons
spurred and booted, glittering with gold and
silver, and many of them mi.de up as very
good counterparts of the historic people they
represented.
The staging of "Mine. Sans Gene" was as
gorgeous ah its costuming; indeed, really
beautiful reproductions were given of rooms
in the historic chateau of Compeigiie, and the
stirring scene in'the prologue, with the sol
diers and the singing oi the "kfarseUleue," was
excellently done.
But after all "the play's the thine." id It
seems as though Sardou must have been think
ing, when he wrote "Sans Gene," of tne advice
given by the husband of a great* prima
donna to his wife's impresario: "Get
my wife and a few sticks." Tin- play is
Sans Gene herself and very little else, and that
several of the other performers were any; lung
but sticks is not Sardou's fault for he gave
them very few opportunities for displaying
ta ent.
Sans Gene being the central figure of the
play it follows that the success of the per
formance depended largely upon Miss Khthrvn
Kidder, who played the role.
Her acting was a delightful surprise and the
audience showed their appreciation of it by
repeated curtain calls at the end of each art
s-ne is tall and willowy, with a pleasa-u albeit
penetrating voice, and the charming ease and i
abandon with which Mie played the part of I
the washerwoman Duchess was something
which recalled Ellen Terry's lightness
and grace in comedy roles. She had
to run the gamut of a good many emo
tions, irom impatience at tne annoyances
of a court train to grief at the
Emperor's resolve to have her friend De Neip
perg strangled, but she was always natural
« ml delightful in the expression of her feel
ings.
1 he plot of "Mme. Sans Gene" is too familiar
to need lengthy repetition. it shows in a
prologue how the waihcrwomnn Catherine
Hulbscher paves an Austrian officer, De Neip
perg, during the revolution from the wrath of
the Fr< nch populace with the help of her
finncee, Lofebvre. ami later shows how she
rescues hi..* ngain when Lefebvre has become
a Duke mi . 'tun Emperor suspects the Austrian
of being the Ei... reis 1 lover.
The story also s>i.ows how Napoleon trie* to
make Lefebvre divorce his Wile, If me. Sans
Gene, for her free and easy manners and how
Sans Gene herself wins his favor and makes
him her friend.
Several of the supporting characters were
well laved, particulary Augustus Cook as
Napoleon, Harold Russell as. Lefebvre and
Charles Plunkett as the dancing master.
Among those noted in the audience
were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Hftrvey ana party,
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dear.c and party. Mrs.
ll&Ker. the Misses Haider, Edward I>. 'Green
way, Joseph D. Grant, Dr. and Mrs. Rosenstiru,
Dr. aud Mrs. Winslow Anderson and party, the
Misses Hyman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Neustaater,
the Misses bore, Mr. and Miss Sutro, Georee
Hall. James Fhel>t!', Joseph D. Grant. Henry
Kowalsky, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hoch*tad
ter, Mr." nnd Mrs. Kounsevelle~ Wildinsn,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Caulfield, Mr. and Mrs H.
Hageman, J. Rothchild, Mr. and Mrs. Tom
Williams, Mrs. Shortridge and party, Mr. and
Mr<. I). H. Bibb, H. Hrnwn and party, Dr. 11.
Bchacht and wiio, Mr. and Mrs. Ru-sell Wilson
B. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. William C.
(.rant, Mr. and Mrs. H. (\ Bcgers, Mr. and
Urs.C Newell, Mr. mid Mrs. J. H. Kirkpatrick,
Mr. and Mrs. ('. K. Barton, Mr. and Mrs. George
Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. K. I. Pi.-rce, Mr«. A. Mar
tin, C. Martin, L. isiegel and party, Miss H.
Anderson.
At the < •> .ii n 1 1> hi
"The Social Trust" began its second ■week at
the Columbia last evening, and judging from
the gooil house Mr. Frawley continues to get
on well with the theater-going public. It is a
P".ml play and better ]>lay<>d every night.
Blanche Bates and Landing Rowan aiid lntie
Hope Ross still carry off Lhe feminine honorn,
while Lackaye, Krawley and Arbuckle come in
for the male distinction. "The Social Tiust"
will run this week.
At tlie Orpheum.
Fllson and Krrol, In their comedy, "Men vs.
Women," have introduced an using turn at
the Orpheum this week. They are sup posed to
be an unhappily married couple, who in the
course of their marital discussions introduce
some tart and humorous dialogue respecting
the relative merits of men and women. Th
audience won.d be at a loss to say whether the
husband or wife nagged with the most persist
ency, though both did it with a spirit which
won them plenty ul applause.
Lydla Yeamans-Titus is i laying a brief en
gagement at the Orpheum this week. Her
voice has not lost any of its sweetness, and she
introduces some new songs, though the baby
act is still her most ropulur impersonation.
The Cosman couple, a pair of English music
hall stars, are expected to arrive in a few days
to complete this week's list of new attractions.
Miss .N'cuie Maguire has abando ( l tier char
act<r impersonations and is attempting a
pathetic style of ditty, which does not suit her
ball so well as did the "coster girl." Bioaard
Fltrot rases pandemonium with his living
pictures of statesmen. Some of the audience
now ro armed with fish-horns, in order to bet
ter express their feelings. Albini has some
good new card tricks, ana Favor and Sinclair's
Laughing skit proves as amusing as ever. Jlerr
Techow's cducaied cats are in the last week of
their engagement.
The Tlvo I.
The ninth week of the grand opera season it
: the Tivoll wns commenced last night, Verdi's
I g-eat rum; I 'Xroani," being presented.
! Although only operas of the highest cinss have
i been rendered at this popular house fox more
MRS. RHINEHART, the Swift Lady Rider of the Cheyenne Division, on Her Famous Relay
From Laramie to Red Buttes,
than two month 1 ! public interest seems not (g
have flagged a bit and last nighi the audience
was fully th" equal in .size and make-up of any
of the sens ii.
"Kruaiii" was sung in n manner that has
bo t .n seldr.m excel! d in this City. Mine.
Natal! a-. Elvira, Blgnor Fernando Miebelena
as ßrnanl, Signor Abramofl »^ linn Suva, and
lasi, but no* least, John J. Uaffael as the K:ng
of Spain were excellent, one and all. The
chorus was away above the average, and tne
minor characters were weil handled.
The finale oi the fourth net was twice en
cored.as w s Hgnor Abramoff'i song in the sec
ond net. Th? duet oi Mme. Nata.i and Raffael
in the second ai^t was enthusiastically rc
dema:ided, and of Mine. N.itali's duct "with
Mictielcna in ihe third act the audience
seemed unable :o li^ar enough.
To-night. Thursday ni"l Saturday "Rigoletto"
•rill 1) • presented, and Wedaesdiv, Friday and
Sunday "Krnaui" will be repeated.
The Grand Opera-Hoaiie.
A play full <f thrilling situations, grand
scenery and strikiu,- table-ux is "Held in
Slavery/ "i nt was presented for the first time
In the Grand Opera-house last nii;ht. The
story is that of a young girl, who is the victim
of a villain. He fir. 's that she is a slave, and
he has her put up at auction and purchases
her nims If.
There is, however, a young sailor, whose
mother the young glri had befriended, and he
after many trims and rights and i arrow
escapes succeed* in slaying the villsin and
rescues the girl from slavery.
Harry Sedley, specially engaged, took tlic
part of the sailor and made most of the char
acter. Helen Foster Vane was the heiress
slave and ','Hve a fairly good presentation of
the part, but the lite of tne piece were Lottie
Williams and E<l J. llorron, who assumed the
comedy parts of the melodrama. In their
work they were very good and exceed-
Ingly appreciated by the audience. One fea
ture in the fiist hci that took well was the
dancing pickaninnies.
Opening of tlie Aloazar.
The AlCHzar awoke last evening from its
long sleep and cave a crowded house an ex
cellent eutertainmoiii in the shape of tnat
very funny affair called "Turned Up " It is a
play often given by Nat Goodwin and was con
sidered by him as one of his best.
Most of the members of the Alcazar stock
company are well known here and have
played leading parts in first-class Eastern
companies, principally those otFrohmanand
Harridan. Mrs. F. M. Hates, the mother of
winsome Blanche of the Columbia, was a star
in the old Baldwin, and Mrs. Vanderboff
played with Kelcey and Effle - Shannon at the
California.
Amy Lee acted a leading role in "Siberia,"
J. B. Polk with "Our Strategist" and Adele
Belgarde was with Fro man for yecrs.
The interior of the Alcazar "has been en
tirely renovated and redecorated by Messrs.
Belasco. Doane and Jordan, the managers, and
j the beautiful new stajre settings show the
work of a muster scenic painter, making it one
! of the handsomest theaters in the City.
J h»» opening performance last evening was
somewhat delayed, as tile rehearsals had been
necessarily hurriel, but if the time between
curtains were long the line musical programme
under the direction of Edward Ladu tilled in
the waits.
The play of the evening was preceded by a
curtain-raiser, "The Little Rebel," in which
Amy Lee took the leading part.
"Turned Up" hangs upon an old naval
officer, Captaiu Midway, who is posed to
have become "iood for the mackerels," and
his wife marries again. When he . returns
home there, is fun and tears commingled.
The cast of characters was:
General »a!tic. on foreign service Carl Smith
CaptalD M i'il way of the Jv-trel . . : .*. j. r. i> ik
George Medway, his son (ttpecially engaijed)...
John T. Miliiviin
Nod >tpildani, berrister : . .. ..K U. Clayton
Carraway Hones, undertaker and general
dealer Pranic Doane
Snt'iu^ iledway ,\.'e> ),ei«rade
.Mrs Usdway .Mrs. F. 11. Bates
Ada Baltic, the general's only daughter
„ •• ; ..ilay Buckley
Mrs. l':in!iall. George's hou*eke«un.r ..
Mis Henr; Vii'.detihoff
(■'^>C:itra, • lain Men way's second wife
_ •• ... Hattie Fnley '
Tom l.ott, a>cerrym»n Charles Bryant
I'olice Constable Nibble AVllliam Whitney
Kphraim, Ueopatnt's nephew ■
Charley .Leonard Bichardson
The play will be continued the remain
der of the week.
At the ( a - ;m«>.
The new Viill in the Casino at the Chutes
contains some good features. The Znnfarellas
are remarkable artists and the De Filiipis are
j introducing mveltios i:i tlieir whirlwind
dance. The Le mores are clever musical chii
' inn and L«ui.s L-iwrence has a good barytone
! voice. Performances are given every evening
! and Batnrday and Sunday afternoons. The
Haitfiu-street grounds are open dmly irom 1 to
j 11 P. M.
Fire Ordinance Vio ated.
Mrs. Catherine Wittmeyer was arrested yes
terday on complaint of P. H. Shaughnessy,
assistant chief of the I ire Department, for re
fusing to take down a dangerous wall on her
property, 1104 and 1106 Stockton street. She
had been notified by the Fire Wardens to re
move tne wall, but paid no attention to the 1
request. She was released on her own recog- ''
uizauce. ■ • .
JMo-ttprUer Murderer Convicted.
POCATELLO. Id<ho, Aug. 31.— 1n the
District Court at I'aris Saturday a jury
rendi red a verdict of guilty of murder in
the second degree in the ca?e ol Idano vs.
Andrew Mcllvain for latally shooting
Charles Manassa at Montpelier last March.
Judge Stinnrod will pass sentence at the
close of tht term ol c ourt next week.
Borrow on scalikiW, Iks and jewel* at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant avenue.
BURSTS OF SPEED
BY RELAY RIDERS,
A Marvelous Run From
Granite Canyon to
Cheyenne.
PLUNGED IN A TORRENT
Mrs. Rhinebart's Sp'endid Ride
From Laramie to Red
Buttes.
AN OVATION AT CHEYENNF.
Alice Richards, Daughter of Wyo.
ming's Governcr, Signs the
Packet.
Wonderful bursts of speed were made
during the daylight hours yesterday by
the riders of the Sun Francisco Examiner
and New York Journal's continental re
lay.
Erswell and Dietrick, famous riders,
who carried the packet from Rawlins to
Fort Steele Sunday night, were precipi
tated into a rushing torrent twelve feet
deep. It is a miracle that they escaped
with their lives. The night was pitch
dark. Ersweli went in first and Dietrick
on top of him. They floundered about
and managed to clamber <mv and save
their wheels. Erswell's head was cut and
lm face bruised by his partner's wheel.
The following Examiner specials from
Laramie tell of the run over the moun
tains:
LARAMIE, Wyo., Aug. 31.— 1t is beginning
to be hard w< rk to trail the relay by Pullman.
These Kock > Mountain boys are birds.
LARAMIE, WTO., Aug. 31 — Dainty Mrs.
Rhi:.hiri, on her jaunty Yellow Fellow,
scooted off with the jiucket to R d Hultes.
LARAMIE, Wyo., Au^. 31.— faeket fame and
went lite a flash. Townspeople can hardly
realize it, as the relay was not expected tor
hours.
LARAMIE, Wyo., Aug. 31.— Country between
here and Fort Steele devastated with rnins and
cloudbursts. It is a miracle that such good
time was made.
LARAMIE. Wyo.. Auk. 31.— "Bug" Erswell
ai.d Lem Dietrick, who carried the packet
from Rawlins to Fort Steele last night,
just got here on a freight. They are covered
with mud and bruises. Both men rode i/leur
into a torrent, the bridgs having been swept
away. Tney rescued their wheels with diffi
culty.
The gallant wheelmen arrived at Lara
mie at 10:28 yesterday morning, having
made wonderful time. Mrs. Rhir;ehart,
the crack lady rider with a record of cen
turies, made a wonderful up-hill ride in
the mountains. She arrived at Red
liiHtes, "Wyoming, at 11:07, accompanied
by McGuire and Choffin.
Bnerman, the summit station of the
Rocky Mountains, 549 ntiles we«t of
Omaha, was reached at 12:10 p. m. yester
day. The riders were due there "at 8:20
a. m., so, according to the schedule, the
packet was three fiou:> and nfty minutes
late at this point, where the altitude is
8242 feet.
Going down the eastern slope ot the
mountains the speei attained was remark
able. Buford was passed at 12:27.
The run from Granite Canyon to Chey
enne, irade by Courier Green, was won
derful. A speed of twenty miles an hour
t was attained. The packet arrived at
j Cheyeime at 1:51 p. m. yesteiday, only
! three hours late. There Alice Richards,
i th» bf-auti.'u daughter of the Governor of
; Wyoming, affixed her signature. Five
; thousand people assembled at Cheyenne
| to greet the speedy couriers. The delay
j at t bat point wasonly three minutes.
liillsdale, Wyo., was pissed at 3:16 p. tf.
Pine Biufl 4:51 p. m., Kimball, Neb:., 6:25
r. m., Sidney, Net.r , 7:>3p. m.. Potter,
Nc-br., 7:52 p. m.; Brownson, Nebr.. 9:10
;p. M. The la«i-mentioned point is 400
: miles west of Ornaha. The time lost west
! of the Rocky Mruntains is being regained
with great rapidity. If the weather con
i timies favorable Omaha will be reached to
; day ahead of schedule time.
HIS HORRIBLE DEATH.
Patrick Gleeson Insisted Upon
Finishing the Last
Flange
Patrick Gleeson did not take the advice
of the foreman of the boiler-shops at the
Risdon Iron Works last evening, and now
his body is in the Morgue.
Gleeson is a flance-turner in the boiler
shops, and about 5 o'clock be was eajraffed
turninir the fiances on a reuhot boiler-head
suspended from a hydraulic crano when
the horrible uccident Happened that caused
his death.
One of the pulleys became detached and
the boiler-faea 1 swung to one side. Giei.'
son attempted to ri^ht it, but the bolt that
hi i id tlie clutch and chain together brnka.
The biiiicr-head, w ich weighnl ovor IHiXK)
poti'id-", begun to descend, and Qleeson,
comprehending his dancer, turned to run,
but stuniDled over a piece of broken metal
an i fell.
B^f to h° could craw! out of the way
the boiler head was upon him, crushing
his rijrht side and terribly bruising his
i arm, chest and leg. Several of his fellow
workmen \*-ho saw the accident rushed to
<>ie son's assistance. After great diffi
! culty they pulled h m out of his deatli
; trap, and, as he showed sipns of lite, they
j rang for the patrol wair<m, ana Gleeson
| w:»> taken to the Receiving Hospit.il. ria
died on the operating t^hle, and his body
! was removed to the Morgue.
' The foreman «;aid that Oleeson had, a
few minutes before the accident, been told
to quit work, lie declined, saying h<j had
only one more dance to turn to complete
the job. His u-si-tant had quit when or
ilered, but Gleeson called bim back and
toid him to gee ready to remove the last
flange. A second time he wan told to
Quit work and home, and less than a
minute afterward he was fatally injured.
Gleefton was 47 years of age, and lived at
97 California avenue. He leaves a widow
to mourn his loss.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
| Kate and Alice M. Dunne to John 11. Ko-setrr,
I lot NX cor- of Fell and Shrader streets, X
103: lV 2 b. N275: $10.
! _\Vil,lßmand Lizzie Hinkel to Jlenry C. and
i Charles .\. Benne.t. lot on siine of Wai er street,
I 100 X of Belvedere, E 25 by S 108:9- $10.
! i homas .Molloy and Dan el M. Ryan (trustees
John J. McLaushitii) to Anne McMenamin. 1538
; d. 18., undivided 11-USof lot on SW corner Of
' Harrison mid Sevent'-enih streets, s •280:13/., \V
! 184:6 ton point '.'36:61/8 N of Klghueiit.,, W
21:4. M. 293, fc 123 11S4; also all Interest In
; sewer pipe buslnrss on premises; also property in
Alain. -.la County, rec 'nveyni;ee deed: gift.
John and i.iir be.h Cowie to Wallace M. Cowie.
; lot on X line of i IgbteenUa street, 100 X of Mis
sion, X 25, N 113, W 2:t>, N 3, \V 22:6, sIU;
910.
t. Izabeth Collins to Mamie lUmm, undivided Vs
! of ioion i. lire of Kureua street, 173:8 S of Sev
i enteenth, B 49:4 by X 126:
Henry K. Alien. Hcrnette de Witt Kittle and
Sarah L. Colliu t > John .ie Witt Allen, eastern \1
of 100-vafa lot 66. betne 137rS«qnareandboDnd«d
on tne St. by Harrison street, on the NW by a line
parallel therewith, and 137:6 feet dls ant N\T
therefrom, on the .M. by the line which bounds
! sail 100-vara 66 on NX, on the s,\v by line parallel
therewith, distant 137:6 feet SW therefrom, less
12 feet, which space Is devoted to a |in\ ii- street
(on N W line of Harrison street. 150 Nt of .second.
, .NE 125 by N\V 1«7:6): *10.
! l.izzlej. Browne to Minnie T. Hartur.g (wife of
; Julius). I'otrero Nuevo block 170: $10.
'.i lie Oat el to James liutnly, lot on BW corner
{ of Tennessee and Uuile streets. W 100 by is 100:
gift.
.Samuel Goldman to Carrie Goldman, lot on X
line or Clement street, 90 W of Eleventh avenue,
W 80 by X .5: cift.
Lous and Hose Llpman and Londun and San
] .Francisco Bank (limited), to Justus Troll, lot on
R line of Tenth avenue, 150 3 of li street, 3 25 by
r. 120; *10.
Ju!ia Clrabot to Joseph A. Chabot, lot on E line
i of Thirty-fourth avenue. 235 Hof I street, » 60 by
B 120; aUo lot on W line of Forty-lif.Ji avenue,
260 N or U street, N 25 by W 120; also lot on \V
line of Forty-fifth avenue, 125 N of U street. X 25
i by W 120: $10.
| Elsie C. KfatinK to William McCall, lot on X
line of HUvit avenue, 50:1 X of Cram street, X
109:10. X 60.3 112 -.3, W 50:1, lot 23, block 9,
j College Homestead association: $10.
John J. iirr-ll to Cut mrine Kus-m .:, tot on
XX line of Francis street, 300 -N'W of Telegraph
■ (Mission) roiid, . W 100 by Nri 200: grant.
Miss K. K. .N.ohl to .>gatha G. Cnmmlncs, undi
vided two-thirds of an undivided half of lot 5,
block 94, University Tract Survey; $10J0.
A return supplied by the Home Secre
tary shows that the output of coai in tl.e
United Kingdom for the year L*'Js was
189,650,562 tons, an increase of over 1,250,-
OOu tons on the previous year.
SEW TO-DAY.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGUIONI KID GLOVES.
TO-MORROW BEGINS
The Greatest
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
SALE
EVER INAUGURATED.
OVER 20,000 PIECES
OF
MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR
AT PRICES NEVER BEFORE
HEARD OF.
Every Piece Brand New
and Very Desirable,
COMPRISING
Gowns,
Skirts,
Chemises,
Drawers
ATS I)
Corset Covers
We have often quoted Low Prices,
but never before any h ins; to equal
ihe values offered at this great sale.
CALL EARLY
is the advice we give to
our regular p-itrons. It
will pay you to do so.
• ■ ■ • _ ■ ■
Mall Order* Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN 4 LEVINSQN,
125. 137, ) ■-".'. 131 Kearny Street.
CHANCH STOKE— 743 and 744 Market St
cosiviofoijit J&.IST.
Opposite U. a Mint. 100 and 102 Ifth St., San
Francisco, Cai. — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board nnd room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 put
day, according to room. Meals 2ic. Rooms 500
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
lx>olc for the coaco. bearing the name of the Coj-
-1 moDOlilan Hotei. \VAi_ i'AUiii.', I'rouritiloc.
56
TUESDAY -September 1, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free «
Dally and t-nnday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, »Ii mouths, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and (Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Calx., one year, by mall 1.60
U'kkjcly Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Art yon point to the country on a vacation? If
««, It 1» do trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you lor you will
mlv It. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Bualnaas Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Taltphc&e Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Birt-eu
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: 'open natU
• :80 o'clock.
589 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
° 718 Larkin street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
fe\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tntll 9 o'clock.
MIS Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
US Mate street; open until 9 o'ciocii.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
tub Broadway.
,°c °°° JBASTERN OFFICE:
£*oms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or OSio
FOB TICF-PREBIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KLKCTION SOVKMBKR 3. 189 R.
» "UnleSs you support your industry by
. y.pur vote, your industry won't support
' ".ydu/j ° oo ° o -" ;
= • What this country needs is a protected
-industry without the consent of other na-
Jion? & c °
\* m Tbef ntdre the people hear from Bryan
■-the 0 ; more eager they are to vote for Mc
■■' o o punl°ey. • '■
♦
,*" The one question Bryan never answers
. is the simple one, "How about free
trade?" • _
■—+
' „ The American people are devoted to
° principles and have no use for political
O fusions.
— — — — •
The Bryan party is made up of all kinds
of factions, led by all sorts of cranks, and
if it should get into office it couldn't work
together.
° It is hard to find a good Republican
who has left his party in this campaign,
and it is hard to find a good Democrat
who hasn't.
Before we get through with this cam
paign it will be hard to tell whether
Bryan is a Democrat, a Populist, a revolu
tionist or a what is ii.
To old Li Hung Chang the tomb of
Grant was more impressive than the pres
ence of the living Cleveland, and so in
deed it is to most men.
In denouncing wealth the Democratic
organs are consistent with their party, for
it has done everything it could to make
the people poor and keep them so.
The Indianapolis convention can hardly
put together a platform of any value in
politics, but it can make a raft for con
servative Democrats to cling to when the
tidal wave sweeps the country.
As if the Cuban war were not enough
for her 6pain has stirred up a revolt in the
Philippine Islands, and now General
Weyler is likely to have a companion in
misery to sympathize with him.
So long as foreign goods are allowed to
drive American goods out of the American
market, so long will American mills,
money and men be idle and American
homes ftel the pressure of hard times.
The report that Cleveland can have the
nomination of the Indianapolis conven
tion if he wishes it shows that Democratic
leaders never attain to complete R<jud
sense, even when they bolt their party.
The "honest coin Democrats," as they
call themselves, claim they will be able to
carry Alabama, Florida, Kentucky and
Texas, and it will be an interesting feature
of the campaign to watch them try to do it.
One of the notable features of the cam
paign is the active part which earnest
patriotic women are taking on the Kepub
lican side, and there can be no question
that much of the success of the party on
election day will be due to their efforts.
In attempting to make the support of
McKiniey by Mr. Estee and Mr. £cott
appear inconsistent with their advocacy
of the remonetizatiou of silver the Demo
crats overlook the broad difference be
tween bimetallism and Bryauism, but the
people won't overlook it.
Every investigation into the alleged re
ports of Republican disaffection among
farmers of the Mississippi Valley dis
closes a much weaker Bryan sentiment
than was supposed. Instead of gaining
anything the Popocrat combination is
growing weaker every day.
The Repnolican pledge to promote the
free coinage of silver by international
agreement offers the only solution of the
money problem which good business men
can accept, and for that reason even the
Democrats among them are working with
the Republican party this year and will
vote for McKiniey.
Even if the Republicans of California
were not pledged to support the woman
suffrage amendment they would find
abundant reasons lor doing bo in recogni
tion of the effective work that i« being
done for the party by women's Repub
lican clubs in various parts of the State.
Those who have deserved the ballot
ought to have the ballot.
A. B. Sheldon of Sherman, N. V., adver
tises fa the .\riig of teat city that for the
purpose of assisting those who believe in
the White metal he will buy all kinds of
livestock and pay extra high prices for
them in Mexican dollars. This is giving
a chance to the Bryanites 01 the State,
but we have beard 01 none of them taking
it. Some may accept Bryanism as poli
tics, but no gne wishes it us a business
0 r. reposition.
WILLIAM M'KINLEY.
Major McKiniey grows in public favor
quite as fast on his personal account as he
does on account of the principles he stands
for as the repre.-entative of the Republican
party. Delegations of workincmen, farm
ers and niana^rrs of great business enter
prises call upon him every 'day, and they
go away impressed by his manliness and
thorough Americanism. He realizes that
he is not only the leader of the Republi
can hosts, but ti at conservative men of
vt her parties are flocking to his banner,
and that responsibilities of great weight
and purport are soon to be placed in his
keeping ; but instead of parading his own
importance, as his competitor does, he
takes the people into his contidenco and
confers with them.
Major McKiniey Las every reason to
believe that so sure as November comes so
sure will the jieople call upon him to
direct the affairs of the country. He is
facing a crave and weighty responsibility,
he knows, and like a true man of the peo
ple, he mingles with the people, that he
may be in touch with them. Major Mc-
Kiiiley dees not speak of "my platform,"
nor say what "I will do"'; nor does he try
to set brother against brother; but the
burden of all his utterances is the good of
all the people. He talks of protection be
cause it is back of protection where pros
perity He talks of patriotism
because he loves the institutions of his
country better than he loves the glory of
being President, He talks of opening: the
shops and mills and factories because he
knows that labor, without reference to
party affiliation, is in need of employ
ment. He talks of the possibilities of
America because America is his birth
place and Americans are his fellows.
There is no pomp or ceremony when the
people cometo Major McKiniey in throngs,
but it is like a gathering together of fel
low-citizens who have come to exchange
greetings and plan for the good of every
man and woman and child in all this
broad land. The people assare him of
their confidence in his high sense of right
and in the integrity of h;s manhood, and
he asks for their moral support in the
mighty work of rebuilding the places laid
waste by a mistaken policy in the conduct
of their public affairs. That honors are
being thrust upon him Major McKiniey
well knows, but he bears them as one who
realizes that they mean duty, and who
will do iiis whole duty. More and more
is his splendid manhood revealed as the
days come and go, and every day is re
vealed more of his lofty Americanism and
his sincere devotion to t lie best interests
of his fellow-citizen 3. The St. Louis con
vention builded wiser than it knew when
it nominated William McKiniey.
Jf we coin a silver dollar of full legal
tender, obviously below the current value of
the gold dollar, we are opening wide our
doors and inviting Europe to take our gold.
With our gold flowing out from us we shall
be jorced to the sinate silver standard, and
our relations with, the leading commercial
countries of the world will be not only em
barrassed but crippled. — James G. Elaine.
SIMON-PORE DEMOCRATS.
The National Democratic party will
meet in convention in Indianapolis, Ind.,
to-morrow to r.ominate candidates for
President and Vice-Tresident. The best
brains and the conservatism of Democracy
will be there and a clear and strong
declaration ot principles may be expected.
The Bryanitoa s^ay it will be a convention
ol bolters, wnich is in a measure true, but
as the managers of the Indianapolis affair
declare that the Chicago convention
bolted the principles and traditions of the
party, the convention to-morrow will be
the only National convention of the
Simon-pure Democrats held this year.
Bryan himself is perfectly willing that his
wing of the party shall be calied '"Bryan's
party," fur that kind of claptrap glory is
quite to his likine. He refers to the plat
form of the Chicago convention as '"my
platform" and to the principles it declares
for as "my principles," ami in many other
way- he impresses the public with the idea
that it is Bryan and not any party or any
declaration of principle that the country
is in need 01.
The fact is apparent, though, that every
Democrat who has become distinguished
by the force of his own character is giving
support to the cause for which the In
dianapoiis convention stands, and would
very much prefer to see Major McKiniey
elected than to see the country turned over
to liryanism. In that respect these Demo
crats are truly patriotic, and it proves that
when it comes to a showdown they are for
the good, peace and prosperity of the coun
try lirst. No doubt they honestly believe
that if the people would elect their candi
dates the country would be very much bet
ter off, but as between A.ltgeldisni and
Republicanism no choice is left; that
Alt^eldism is not to be accepted at aii
under any kind of circumstances, and that
Major McKiniey will at least give the
nation an honest and dignified adminis
tration.
There are very many prominent Demo
crats, however, who will not give aid aiid
comfort to the Indianapolis convention's
purpose — not because they have departed
the faith, but because they believe the
better way to cru>h out Bryanism is to
support M ajor McKiniey. Bourke Cockran
of New York. Charles A. Dana, editor of
the New York Hun, Professor Jones of the
California State University and John Mar
tin of San Fianciscoare among the old
line Democrats who will vote for Major
McKiniey lor "prudential reasons." Of
course there is a bond of sympathy be
tween ail true Democrats and all true
Republicans ju.-«t now because Bryan is
threatening interests that are common to
all, and there ia no reason why they
should not work in perfect harmony to
overthrow one who proclaims hostility to
our system of government, as does the
man from Nebraska.
/ have believed, and believe to-day, thnt
any system that maintains the prices of labor
in this country and brings hope into the life of
tlvt laboring man, that enables him to put by,
is the policy that should be our American
policy. I have misted in many campaigns
this idea that a debased currency could help
the workingman. The jGtlf dirty errand that
a dirty dollar dors £? to cheat the workimj
man. — Ex-President Harrison,
SILVER AND GOLD MONEY
The supporters of the Chicupo nominees
must be getting alarmed when they try to
strengthen their cause by charging that
the Republican party is the enemy of bi
metallism. Bryan hirust'lf cays the St.
•Louis platform declares for bimetallism,
only that it does not provide for a direct
enough way to secure it. The fact Is, the
Chicago platform does not mean bimetal
lism by either a direct or an indirect way.
It means silver monometallism pure and
simple; whereas the declaration of the
Republican party 19 emphatic in its de
mand for the employment of both gold
and silver by commerce.
It may be said without fear of success
ful contradiction that the plan of the Re
publican party to make the silver dollar
the equal and companion of the gold
dollar as redemption money is the only
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTE3IBEU 1, 1596.
feasible solution of the problem. Indeed
it is not a problem at nil if examined from
a common business sense standpoint. It
revives itself into the one proposition of
all parties in interest agreeing upon a plan
for giving the metals a common basis of
debt-paying and purchasing power.
No great amount of common-sensn is
needed to understand tbat In matters in
which two or more are interested all in
interest must agree to any change in
the form of conducting their mutual
affairs. This is the way the Republican
party views the question of bimetallism,
and it proposes to invite ail who are in
terested with us in a commercial way to
join with us in fixing a basis for increasing
the volume of circulating money by giving
the silver dollar the same standing in the
channels of trade that the gold dollar
has.
It is not a question of gold money nor
of eilver money, but a question of money
enough 10 supply tbe demands of com
merce for money, and since silver and
gold possess qualities which no other
metals do for that purpose, the reason
ableness of the proposition to have those
who would employ the additional volume
meet ana agree upon a plan for maintain
ing the new additional issue on a parity
with tne old should bo plain to every
thinking person. The Republican party
ii committed to bimetallism and it is com
mitted to oppose both silver and gold
monometallism.
In my opinion there is no issue presented
by t!u Chicago convention more important or
vital than the question they have raised of
prostituting the power and the duly of the
National courts and the National executive.
The defense of the constitution, of the Su
preme Court of the United States, and the
President's power and duty to enforce all of
the laws of the United States without await
ing the call or consent of the Governor of any
State, is an important and living issue in
this campaign. — Ex-President Harrison.
THE TIDE HAS TURNED.
The convention of conservative Demo
crats called for the purpose of repudiating
Bryanism will find on meeting at Indian
apolis nothing more to do than to provide
a refuge for themselves. Bryanism is no
longer a serious menace to the country.
Republicans have met it so vigorously, in
dependents have denounced it so firmly,
and the common-sense of the people has
so spontaneously rejected it, that nothing
is left for conservative Democrats to do
except to get on the side ol good citizens
and save themselves irom political ruin by
giving notice they are not responsible for
the Chicago platform and ticket, and do
not intend to give them even the support of
silence.
There has been in all sections of the
country a notable failing away from the
Popocrat fusion. Sincere advocates of
free silver coinage and the restoration of
the bimetallic financial system who were
at first inclined to support the Ch'cago
ticket and even showed some enthusiasm
on its behalf have taken a sober second
thought and will no lor.per have anything
to do with it. This diminution of zeal on
the part of intelligent bimetallisms is ob
served in all sections of the Union, not
excepting such strong silver States as
Colorado and Utah. The free-coinage tide
is in fact failing as rapidly as it rose, and
it is now doubtful if Bryan will receive as
many as luO electoral votes.
For the cbanee that is coming over the
advocates of bimetallism many causes are
apparent. In the first place, the Republi
can pledge to promote the free coinage of
silver by international agreement is to
most men a more valuable assurance of a
return to bimetallism than is offered by
the wild pledges of the Chicago platform
and the Chicago candidates. In the sec
ond place, the importance of the tariff
is-ue is growing in the minds of all en
gaged in protective industries, and they
do not care to run the ris-K of free silver
coupled with free trade, closed mills and
id.c men. Moreover, the Chicago plat
form is an open attack upon the constitu
tional powers of the President and the
Supreme Court, and the speeches of
Bryan have exhibited an unmistakable
sympathy with Altgeld, Tiilman and
otters who procured the adoption of the
revolutionary planks by the convention.
Each of these causes taken alone is suf
ficient to turn men of business away from
the Bryan movement, and in the aggre
gate they constitute a force too strong to
be resisted by any save the most hide
bound partisans. Western men who have
been advocating the free coinage of Bilver
for years and Southern men who have
been brought up from infancy in the faith
of Bourbon Democracy are either coming
out openly for McKiniey or are announc
ing an intention to vote for the conserva
tive Democrat to be nominated at Ir.diau
apolis. A poll taken recently by the presi
dent of the Farmers' Association of Indi
ana showed that of the 50,000 members of
that organization abont 40,000 will vote
for McKiniey and sound money. Equally
good reports come from the Southern
States. Kentucky will not vote for Bryan.
West Virginia is sure for MrKinley and
Tennessee is about as sure. The tide, in
fact, has turned. Bryanism will be ex
hausted long before election day comes
round.
Now, I put it to you at men of sense, plain
mm of sense, would yon lend vwtin/ if you
had it to any man or set of men, or arm no
tion which you knew was trying to devise
some way whereby you would get back only
haif of it t You may nut, like a silver man,
■understand currency. You may not be able
to dally uith statistics, but you do understand
that simple proposition. Jf you were a busi
ness man would you make things on a gold
basis and sell them on credit to a people who
were trying to see if they could not pay you
on a silver basis f — Tom Itced.
ABOUT THE WOOL INDUSTRY.
To wool, the prodvet of the meat industry
of sheep husbandry, as well as to the finithed
woolens of the mill, we promise the most ample
protection. — L'epublican National Platform.
To this W. J. iiryan says: "Speaking
for myself, it is immaterial in my opinion
whether the sheep-grower receives any
benefit from the tariff or not. I am for
free ■wool."
The solicitude of the Republican party
for the well-being of the sheep industry
and the indifference of Mr. Hryan marks
the difference between Republicanism and
Bryanism in their attitude toward all the
American people If Mr. Bryan's utter
ances on the tariff question mean anything
at all, they mean that in his opinion the
citizens of the United States should hnve
no advantage in their own country over
citizens of other countries who would
dwarf our industries that their own might
prosper. Mr. Bryan dees not appear to
be imbued with the spirit of Americanism,
nor does he seem to have pride in the
greatness of the possibilities of his coun
try. Why be should be more solicitous
for the welfare of the labor and the busi
ness enterprises of other countries than
for those in his own land is a question he
alone can answer.
By and with the aid and consent of Mr.
Bryan the Bheep industry of hia fellow
countrymen has been ruined by leeisla
tion which depreciates the value of Amer
ican wool and increases the value of
foreicn wool. Since the Wilson-Gorman
tariff act became operative American wool
has sustained an average decline in price of
42 per cent and foreign wool had advanced
9 per cent. In the great wool market of
the world, London, England, the average
price of wool was about 51 per cent below
the s:irae qualities in this country from
I£b7 to the end of the operation of the
McKiniey law. The Wilson-Gorman act
has not only wiped out ali that, but has,
as we have said, advanced wooi prices in
London 9 per cent and lowered prices of
American wool 42 per cent. In view ot
these facts Mr. Bryan should explain to
American sheep-raisers why he says, "I
am for free wool."
Some idea of the disastrous results of
the operation of Bryan's free-wool policy
will be had when it is said that the excess
in raw-wool imports during the first year
of the Wilson-Gorman act over the last
year of the McKiniey law was, in round
numbers, 190,000,000 pounds. The excess
in imports in rags, waste, shoddy and
similar material during the same period
was, on tbe basis of unwashed wool, 50,
-000,000 pounds. The excess in the impor
tations of wool in manufactured form, ex
clusive of shoddy, etc., in the same period
was 90,000,000 pounds. This makes the
total excess of importations of wool,
shoddy, etc., in raw material and manu
factured goods, for the first year.of Bryan's
kind of a tariff as compared with the last
year of the McKiniey act, 330,000,000
pounds.
Not only has Bryan's tariff policy enor
mously increased wool and wool product
imports, thus bringing our wool industry
in competition with low-wage countries,
but it bas forced a ruinous reduction in
the price of American wool. Then there
should betaken into account the flocks of
sheep that have been slaughtered and
marketed as mutton because prices of
wool under the Wilson-Gorman law do
not justify keeping sheep for the clip. It
would be very difficult to get at the exact
loss the wool and woolen-goods industries
have sustained under Bryan's free-trade
law, because the loss to labor on account
of being forced into idleness could not
well be ascertained but that it may be
counted by the tens of millions there ia no
doubt whatever.
PERSONAL.
W. T. Ellis of MarysviUe is at the Palace.
F. A. Farnham of Boston is at the Palace.
J. C. Whitbeck of S&cramento is at the Ra
inona.
E. W. P.unyon of P>ed B'.uff arrived here yes
terday.
J. G. Mclnerney of San Bernardino Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
John W. Mitchell, the attorney, of Loi An
geles, is in town.
senator R. Snider of Tulare arrived here yes
terday, aud is at the Lick.
Among the arrivals at the Commercial la B.
F. Cochran of Phce:iix, Ariz.
J. W. Logan «nd wife of Florence, Ariz., are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
J. H. Rutherford of Stanford University is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
H. G. Plummcr of Seattle, Wash., is among
recent arrivals. He is at the Kuss.
J. A. Murphy, a prominent business man of
Paso Robles, is at the Cosmopolitan.
George S. Vigovlch, a business man of the
City of Mexico, is at the Commercial.
Charles E. Millay. a merchant of Nevada
City, and his family are at the Ramona.
Telfair Creightoti, editor of the Los Angeles
Herald, arrived here yttterday for a few days'
stay.
Charles F. Montgomery, editor and pro
prietor of the Antioch Ledger, is at the Occi
dental.
F. E. Straualian, the popular Populist, is at
the Ramona, wr.ich he makes his home while
in San Francisco.
J. R. Miller, United States revenue officer,
with headquarters at Vancouver, B. C, is at
the Commercial.
J. Marion Brooks of Los Angelos, ex-Fnlted
Ktatis District Attorney for toutheru Cali
fornia, is at the tirand.
John S. Dore, the well-known mindle-of-the
road I'opulist of Fresno County, is on a visit
here, and is at the Lick.
\V. C. Brady ol Washington, D. C, Chief of
the Accounts Department of the United States
Land Office, arrived here vc.Merday.
Superior Judge W. M. Conley of Madera
County, the youngest Superior Judge in Cali
fornia, is amoug the arrivals in the City.
C. O. Johnson of San Luis Obispo County,
who is the owner of a hotel and connected
with the management of the Pacific Coast
Narrow-gauge Railroad, is in town.
Lord Sudeley ami Arthur Pearse. of London,
who are interested in gold mining in different
parts of the com try, lef: yesterday to look
■after some properties on trie mother lode.
Mrs. Warren of Denver, wife of Bishop War
ren of the Methodist Episcopal church, is at
the Palace, i-ccotnpnnied by the Misses Il!ff of
Denver. Bishop Warren and family have a
summer home at Santa Cruz.
D. Sanguenetti of Lathrop, wlio had ttio ter
ribly hai:d-to-hand fight witn a bandit in his
Faioon there &e*en or eight months ato, and
finally killed the bandit by shooting throueh
the dwor when lie had wrested himselifiom
him and pot Lack inside, is at ihe Commercial.
He is tiere on a business trip.
Colonel E. J. Ensign, the attorney, of Los
Angeles, formerly of San Di«go, is at the P«l
-ace. He is returning to l.os Anpeles after a
long time in the East, and in Chicago con
ferred with the members of the Republican
State Central Committee. From what he said
and learned he believes McKiniey will carry
Illinois.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 31.— At the Plazn,
D. Kelly aud wife; Astor, V. R. Winant, G.
Martin and wife, L. D. Jacobs; Windsor, S.
Saalburg; Albemarle, Miss E. Andrews, W
Andrews and wile; Cosmopolitan, O. S'.ater;
Albert, Miss Mickee; Hoffman, E. J. Baldwin;
St. Denis, A. G. Griffin. D. Kelly and wife ieit
the Plaza to sail for Europe on the Lahn.
OLD VOX POPULI.
To the orarle, great Vox I'opnli,
Went nn orator-boy from the I'latte,
To learn from the voice that erreth not
Where the orator-boy "was at."
"Let me henr,' 1 he prnyed, "thou voice sublime,
How the mighty cohorts feel?
Will they march with me where'er I lead
la the hope of my pictured weal?
"Will they follow blindly and close their ears
To appeals of pairiarcns wise?
WIH they get to thinking that ail their iH«
From a dearth of white metal rise?
"Can I make them think that gold is a curse,
And forget thnt the issue true
Is protection to labor mid industries
And defeat for the free-trade crew'T
"O, say how Bryan and Sewall stand
In the mighty rate to win!
Just breathe one word that will set at rest
The doubts that hem me In.
"Just speak and answer once for all,
If Bryan shall yank the stakes?
K»y who shah the laurel of triumph wear
When November.'* dawning breaks?"
Vox I'opuli smiled as the query he put.
"Young boy, are you not afraid
To make appeals at the fount of truth.
When error's your stoik in trade?
"Go rend in the voices the Nation o'er
The answer* you seek to tind.
The people have got to thinking of late—
The people no more are blind.
"The people will choose them a leader sag©—
(And Bryan is not in their plan!)—
To bring prosperity back once more,
McKINLEY'3 the people's man! 1 '
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Superior Judge John M. Corcoran of Mari
posa County, one of tne best Known judges in
California, acd who has the distinction of
never having had a decision reversed, though
he has been on the bench for tweniy-nve
years, is at toe Lick.
Jud£e Corcoran is a rather reserved and dig
nified gentleman, and hssitates to speak of
himself. It was thus that a Call representa
tive found him. But though he is reserved
when speaking of himself^the people of Mari
posa and elsewhere who know him have uni
formly kind words for him.
The judge appears a little sbove medium
height, aud his beard is now slightly frosted.
Superior Jndse John M. Corcoran of Mariposa County. Who Has Been on the
Bench for Twenty-Five Years and Never Had, a Case Reversed.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
He does not seem, howevor, more than fifty
years of age.
He says that Marlposa county Is getting in a
good deal better condition than formerly, aud
that parts of the- county are pretty active.
" I think that for two years pnst," said the
judge, " from 500 to 600 more men have been
employed than formerly. The mine owners
are giving their attention to deep mining also,
and all aioiu' tri<; motner lode in Mariposa
county, in different places, deep shafts are
beins sunk.
"No mines, generally speaking, have ever
paid that were not deep, and experienced
miners who know this are sinking deep. Wnen
mining has been followed as a legitimate in
dustry in Manposa it has always proved suc
cessful.
"I think a great deal of the county an<l of
its resources. Thore are a number of big prop
erties there that have for a long timo been
Idle. Senator Jones, the Hobam and others
have owned some of these.
"There is a general desire to see all the
mines resume work. This would bring about
a more prosperous era, for it is generally con
ceded that the properties are rich, or at least
many of them."
The judge is here on a vacation. He has a
great many friends in this City.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
IS IT A WHAT IS IT?
Do McKinlky Republicans Really Want
International Bimetallism?
To the Editor vj the San Francisco Call— Stk:
As a plain Populist possessed of faculties
which readily grasp the principle underlying
the construction of the multiplication table
without assistance shall I expose myselt to
contempt it I cuuiess that I need the help of a
good McKiniey Republican to enable me to
understand the logic ol ttie Republican argu
ment made by Major McKiniey, General Harri
son and others of like faith against the free
coinage of silver as a hurtful xueasuruwhiie at
the same time they champion the proposal to
secure international bimetallism?
Let me stale the case in other terms. The
Republican platform expressly Bays: "We are
opposed to the free coinage of silver except by
an international agreement with the leading
commercial nations of the earth, which
agreement we pledge ourselves to promote,
and until such agreement can be obtained the
existing gold standard must be maintained."
Thut is all plain enough with the exception of
the possible Tunic faith implied in making in
ternational bimetallism dependent upon an
agreement with the lcauiug commercial
nations of the earth while they are all opposed
to bimetallism and are all conducting their
business on the bus-Is of the single gold stand
ard. But bow do the ablest leaders of the Re
publican party interpret their platform?
In a brief letter it is not possible to trans
cribe much of what they teach us as to the
nature of the proposed international bimetal
lism. (At this, point I laid aside my pen, and
I have spent an hour in trying to find what
Major McKinley in ids letter of acceptance and
General IlurrUon in his Yew York speech mean
by the term international bimetallism as ap
plied to the ratio between silver and gold,
whether it be 10 to 1 or 31 to 1 or tome point
between 10 and 31.) This is as near as 1 can
come to it: Major UcKinley says: "On August
22, 1801, in a. public address I &aid, 'It we
could have an international ratio, which all
the leading nations of the world would adopt,
and the true relation be tixed between the two
metals and all agree upon the quantity silver
which should constitute a dollar, then silver
would be as free and unlimited in its privi
leges of coinage as gold is to-day. But we have
not be«n able to secure it, and with free and
unlimited coinage," etc.— lie goes on 10 set
lorta 'he evils of free coinage. That is ail
he has to say about au "international ratio"
or "International bimetallism." Satisfactory,
definite, tangible, is it? But whatever illu
sory thing It is we have the assurance thai
he and his party "pledge themselves to pro
mote" it. „.-....',, \-- •■_ : \j
As a plain Populist I am trying to find what
Major JlcKinley offers me under the terms
"international agreement," "international
bimetallism," "international ratio" as a good
thing for ail the leading nations of the world,
instead of free coinage, which is a bad thin,,,
and especially bad for the United Mates. Once
more I will try to tind out whet General Harri
son offers me and other Populists In place of
this pernicious free coinage of silver, which it
seems no one found pernicious from the foun
dation of the Government down to 1873, a
period of nearly 100 years; and even when
John Sherman did find it out on that dark
night when it was demonetized it was at a
premium over gold at the dread ratio of 16
tol. ..;--■•. ■ ;; ■ ■ -..- • -..
Now let us hear General Harrison, our good
ex-President, who. is conceded to be an able
expounder of international law. tie nays, in
his New York speech in Carnegie Hall, August
27: '-Bui now, friends, there is a great deal of
S. D. C.
! talk about bimetallism, of the double standard
and a great deal oi con fusion in the use of those
terms. Bimetallism is the use of two metals as
money Where they are both used." There now!
! That is a definition for you— "where they are
; both used." But lie continues: "By a double
! standard they mean that we nave a gold dollar
I ami a silver" wtiica shall be units of value,"
I etr. "Now our fathers thought," and then he
rambles on and tells us how our fathers fixed
the ratio between silver nnd gold, and says:
[ "Xow so nice were our people about this in
i trying to adjust this that they went into deci
| mal fractions. We say 16 to 1. It is 15.938
I plus."
I hope my renders will turn to this remnrk
! able speech and note how (ienerai. Harrison
j then proceeds at great lenath to show up the
follies of the united friends of silver — the
Bryan Democrats, the Bryan Republicans and
| the Bryan Populists— for trying to restore
eilver to free coinage on this nicely adjusted
basis of 15.988 plus, which was given us by
the fathers alihougn ho nowhere intimates
that it had failed to prove a blessing to the
country during the eighty-<-.ne years of itt»
coutinuance from 1792 10 1873.
I ask my readers to carefully go through
this great speech by General Harrison to see
it he has one word to say about this matter of
international bimetallism, tnis "international
agreement" wnich the Republican platform
offers the country in place of the long-tried
free coinage of silver; and yet General Har
rison is under pledge to promote this great
boon of an "international agreement." Why
is he so silent about Its merits?
And now what in fact is this "international
agreement," this "international bimetallism,"
wnicn is commended to us by McKld ley Re
publicans? What are its terms, supposing
there is the remoiest prospect that we could
ever secure ii ironi nations opposed to it? Is
it not in fact a financial nondescript, a verit
able "What Is It?" We all know what free
coinage of silver is at the ratio of sixteen
ounces of silver to one ounce of gold, and we
know what it has done for the country; and
we also know to our sorrow what it is to be de
prived of it for the past twenty-three years,
and to be forced to the present hard condi
tions of the slnele gold standard, which Mc-
Kiniey Republicans tell us must be main
tained till ttie leading commercial nations of
U»e earth are willing to abandon it, though
they all favor it and transact their business on
it. Surely it seems very much like a scheme
10 bewilder the poor Populists and if possible
to load ihem into the gold camp.
"Which agreement we pledge ourselves to
promote," says the Republican platform, and
we must assume that it is meant to be taken
seriously, even if Major McKiniey and Gen
eral Harrison, admittedly the highest authori
ties in elucidating its meaning, do fail to tell
us what this "international agreement" or
"international ratio," as McKiniey calls it,
will prove to be, provided these leading com
mercial nations, now all guld-busis countries,
ever should adopt it. If, then, tuis pledge to
promote the adoption of an international ratio
I is to be taken seriously and our votes are to
be given in favor of it rather than for free
coinage we are to rest our faith on the as
surance that it will ao justice to silver and
will benefit the nations that enter into the
agreement. As this ratio can only be found by
taking account of the relative quantities of
gold and silver in the world ana the relative
production of the two metals it cannot vary
inn. h fiom 16 tOl, though the present greatly
increasing production of gold may- fix it at or
below the Europemi ratio, 15}-i tol. But let
ussuppi.se thnt it would prove to be 18 to 1,
or even 20 to 1, wliat would follow?
Do you not see what would follow? Why, all
the evils and disasters predicted by Major Mc-
Kiniey, General Harrison and all the Republi
can orators, nameh , the lo.>s to pensioners,
savings banks depositors, holders of life in
surance policies und wage-earners would just
a» surely follow interuatlonnl bimetallism us
free coinage, with only this difference, that
these disasters would then be universal
throughcutall the leading eommercis! nations
of the earth instead of being confined to the
United Stales under independent tree coinage.
lt> there «ny escape from this conclusion?
It must be true that if international bi
metallism U not an unmitigatedsham, a clever
scheme to fool the people and thereby per
petuate the present gold standard, it would be
laden with all the dire calamities attributed
by gold men to free coinage, militated only
by a possible increase in the ratio, aud no in
crease is at nil probable. Ah, these evils are
unsubstantial shadows, affecting only one in
sixty of the people as compared with the solid
and" permanent benefits of free coinage, and
they are conjured up by gold men to terrorize
voters who dn not understand the money ques
tion and load them to rote for McKinlev and
for the gold standard to be continued. Tuink
it 00 1 to the end, render. Then sec where you
stand. Joseph ASBOST Jounson.
San Francisco, Aug. 31, 180b.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Admiral Ramsay, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, will spend his vacation in a cruise
of the Great Lakes.
Albert Curtis, 89 years old, is the only living
Selectman of Worcester when that city was a
town. He has seen the city grow from 2000 to
100,000.
John Abrahams, ssid to be the oldest work
ing printer in England, having been over
seventy years at the trade, died suddenly at
Bolton recently.
A "beauty book" is in course of preparation
In London. Among the portraits it will con
tain will be one of Mrs. George Curzon for
merly Mies Leiter of Washington, D. J. or
Mm Estelle Reed, the State Superintendent
of Public Instruction of Wyoming, is an ardent
Republican, and predicts that the State will
b* carried by the Republicans in the coming
Attorneys December and January are two
Nevada lawyers, who are amusing the Kansas
people just now. where they have gone on
business. The two men *r« <iutinpm.sh*d law
1 yers in Nevada, and their firm style is "Januc
ary &. December, attorneys at iaw."
Julian Story's picture called "Le Laboratoiri
} do Saint Lazare," exhibitcl this year in th&
• Parib Salon, has been purchased by the Frencb
Government, which is an uncommon compii*
meat to an American artist.
Ex-Mayor Sargent o; New Havon, accom»
panied by Mrs. Sargent, started recently on a
800-mile tour through New England. They
will take a wugon and a pair of horses, but in-
I tend to walk a great part of the distance.
Dean Furrar's new book, "The Bible; What I.
Is and What It Is Not," is now going through
the press, but no date can yet be fixed for its
publication. The worK has been a long time
in the writing, and Is expected to prove a very
important contribution to the discussion ol
the Scriptures.
A unique anniversary was celebrated in Ne>,
port, N. H., last week. It was the ninety-sixth
anniversary of the birth of twin sisters, Mrs.
Martha Broze and Mrs. Mary West. Both sis
ter are active and in good health. Their
father lived to be ninety- two and their mother
ninety-eight
The Princess of Wales when at Sandringbam
regularly attends the pretty little church of St.
Mary Magdalene, which is situated on the es
tate. The handsome lectern in the Sandrlug
ham church was placed there by the Princess
when the Prince recovered from typhoid fever
some years ago.
Judge Oliver Wendell Holmes was recently
the guest of Lord Chief Justice Russell at a
dinner party in London. In commenting on
the tact the London Law Journal said: "Tbo
son of the genial 'Autocrat' is among the best
equipped lawyers on either side of the Atlan
tic. His book on 'The Common Law,' which
he wrote several years ago, is one of the most
erudite legal works ever published."
Ex-Sultan Abdullah of Perak, who Is kept by
Great Britain at Singapore, has had his allow
ance increased $100 a month, on the ground
that, being an Oriental Prince with more than
one wife, he needs the money to meet his
household expenses. The English Govern
ment has aiso made him a grant of $250 to
meet the expenses of the circumcision of hit
four sons.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I am onto you," said the man who was
learning to ride a bicycle to the pavement as
he totk a header.— Norristown Herald.
Mother (angrily)— Joe Jefferson 1 How many
times mvi' I call yo' befo' I can make yo' heart
Joe Jeg— Dunno. Yo' stan' than an' holler,
an' I'll sit here an* count.— Truth.
"They say that the Kickeys have a big skele
ton In the closet."
"Wouldn't be surprised. There are a great
many bones of contention around there." — I>e
troit Free Press.
"Bacherly, why don't you find some rood
woman and form a matrimonial alliance?"
"What I want In that line is a silent partner,
and I've been seeking in vain for the past ten
years.' '—Detroit Free Press.
Watts — How is politics up your way?
Potts— At the houie we are on a trixnetallio
basis. My wife leads toward silver, I favor
gold, and the hired girl is dead in love with
the copper.— lndianapolis Journal.
Quoth the preacher to the editor;
"You'll cross the river wide;
But a welcome warm awaits you
On the tranquil other side."
Then gasped the dying editor,
A candidate for blUs:
".Do you think it'a any warmer
On the other side than this?"
FBASK L. STAUTOSi
A LADY'S SHIRT WAIST.
A shirt waist much liked is made with turn
over cuffs and collars and rather full sleeves.
Any of the washable fabrics may be em
ployed. Cambric, cheviot, percale and linen
and a few of the heavier labrics are used. The
newest Idea Is a shirtwaist of sheer goods such
as dimity, lawn, batiste, etc. These may have
cuffs and collar of the same, or of white linen,
The cuffi and collar may be made separate by
simply binding neck and sleeves aud placing
buttonholes In the bands.
Figured and flowered lawns or dimity are
much used, being newer than the stripes. Gay
colorings are not unusual, in fact are more
often chosen than somber.
Townsexd's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 2J>c*
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
•—• — * — •
"Doctor, my wife has insomnia— lies awake
most of the night. What shall Ido for her?"
"^et borne earlier."— Life.
Are You Going Kant?
The Atlantic and Pacific road— Santa ¥9
[route— ls the coolest, and most comfortable mm
finer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
j&lknll dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
importation of families because 01 its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and In
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ticket
office. 6-11 jHarket street, Chronicle building. Tel
ephone, Main 1531.
Tite most pflleacious stimulant to excite the
appetite are Dr. siegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counterfeits.
Tub frreat popularity of Ayer's Fills la dne to
their universal usefulness and their freedom Irom
all injurious ingredients.
Mrs. Elmore— l wonder how many stops that
new organ of De Smith's has got?
Elmore— Only three, 1 should judge — one for
each meal.— Buffalo Times.
NEW TO-DAY.
Absolutely Pure.
A cream of lunar baking powder. Highest ok
■II In leave ii strength— Latest United State*
Government Pood RrporL -• :
I KOVAJL ijAK.IS.O foWUKS Co., 2«eW York.3Rf£ (Tftil
TUESDAY '. SEPTEMBER 1, 1896
s AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater.— Madame Sam Gene,"
Columbia Theater— "The Social Trust,"
Woßosco'B t)j-EHA-Hou6K— -Held in Slavery."
Tivoli OrKRA-Hornit.— ••Krnanl."
OHPHKT'M- nich-Clas* Vaudeville.
A i.ca7ar Theater.-" Turned Up."
6CTRO Baths— Bathing and performance*
fcßcoT the Chutes- Dally at Ualght street,
one block east of the Park.
0 Circus— Central Park, commencing Septem-
ber 3.
Mechanics' Institute PAViLio»-Twe»ty-
ninth Industrial Exposition, September 1 to Octo-
ber 8. o
California State Fair -At Sacramento,
"•ptemter 1 to September 19.
"" PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
. Family Excursion— To Santa Cms, Sunday,
•eptember «.
Excursion— Bohemia, Sunday, September 6.
AUCTION SALES.
By Gko. F. LA*sox-This day (Tuesday), Fur-
niture, at 3020 Broadway, at 11 o'clock.
By H. J. Lkctholtz— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, etc., at 1057 .Market it., at 11 o'clock.
.By Chas. Levy & Co.— day (Tuesday),
Furniture at salesroom, 1134 Market street, at. 10
o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Merchant*' Association Is about to Issue
a. monthly review.
The lair for home products li ready for the
opening this evening.
Collector Wise was a witness for Williams in
the Chinese case yesterday.
The California Fish Commission will have a
fine exhibit of trout at the lair.
° All the chartered ships in port are busily en
gaged in loading wheat for Europe.
Vrs. Grace Lowery committed suicide Sun
day night by drinking carbolic acid.
The Board of Education may recind its
resolution sanctioning the teachers' council.
The fees in the Justice Courts will be col
lected under the old tee bill on and after to
day.
The Celtic Union elected an exective com
mittee last evening. This perfects the organi
zation.
r^air to-day after a foggy morning with aome
wind. Is what will be given by the weather
office to-d»y.
John A. Jilok attempted to kill Mrs. Ella
Ferguson last night and then sought to end
hjs own life.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Davis captured
f=ix nets and two boats near Rio Vista on Sun
<\ny morning.
A dealer in fake Chinese lottery tickets has
swindled a number of ladies living in the
Western Addition.
Mrs. Kii'.e Manchester, 213 Natoms street,
whs arrested yesterday for cruelly neglecting
her three young children.
l'litrick Q-leeson, a mechanic in the boiler
shops of the Risdon Iron Works, met with a
horrrble death last evening.
rond edition of the synopsis of the pro
I new charter, prepared by the Merchants'
Association, has been issued.
The Liberty Cycling Club's race has been
oned until next Sunday on account oi the
slushy condition of the roa<is.
The Afro-American League of colored voters
Ueld an enthusiastic meeting last nignt in
tavor ol McKinley and protection.
: bles tnat arose after Sam Price nnd
•I i Is broke their enslavement were told
In Jtisnc- Carroll's court yesterday.
A large Socialist meeting assembled last
Bight at the intersection ol Fine and Kearny
ta. Ihe police did not interfere.
•^rae Court has been petitioned to
c:v.- H h'sring in bank to the case of John
- ood Jr. vs. the Ca'ifornia National Bank.
: Ward, the compnnion of John Kelly,
° who robbed and fired Rt E. Cashm early Sun
day morning, August 16, was arrested vester-
o da"y.
°. Judge Heb bard has granted a rehearing of
o>e case of L. V. Merle against the Board of
Supervisors in the matter of the garbage con
tract.
Norman Schuller, the young broker wanted
fi>T- forgery, was arrested yesterday morning
by Private Detective Sttllwell and taken to the
City I'ri-'.n.
Mrs. Margaret Crowley, who was beaten by
John Collins one week ago, died from her in
juries yesterday morning at the City and
t^untr Hospital.
-Trie Powell-street system oi cars, embracing
those cars on the Jackson and Sacramento
<fi/reet Hues will not be in running order for
.-'vie n days to come.
!.'«eph Kllchrie, an ex-member of the Fire
Department, fatally shot his wife at 311 Jessie
. street yesterday afternoon through jealousy
a:pd was arrested.
M. Chretien and J. Alva Watt have
"tjpen recognised by the Election Commissioners
n trie official representatives of the Repub
'°l>can County Committee.
: The meeting of the Thirty-seventh District
.Republican Club was enlivened last t.-vening
' % intert-himc speeches from Hon. James S.
Stephens and L. G. .-^hroeder.
'« C Judge Hebbard yesterday dismissed the suit
of D. H. Perkins against the Home Benefit
°Life Association. The action has been pend
ing in the court for four years.
The regular Monday meetings of the various
ministerial organizations were held as usual
yesterday with the exception of the Christians,
: who will hereaiter meet in Berkeley.
Dr. Robert Mcßeth, charged with the mur
der of Mrs, Farrell, 20 Henry street, appeared
again tM-iore Judge Conlau yesterday rooming,
&:.■! hi;- c a^e wes continued till September 7.
Morr:s M E'tee indignantly explains how
r the Examiner by tampering with the words
of his recent public speech perverted their
meaning to the injury of the Republican party.
Judge Bahr* yesterday instructed the jury
in the case of Le Roy G. Harvey to bring in a
verdict of not guilty on the charsre of embezzle
nfen:. A legal technicality caused the ac
quittal.
'Father Yorke addressed a crowded house in
3 Metropolitan Hall last night on the text, "The
Little Rtd .-ch' olhouse." Dr. Nieto acted as
(.•••.airman. Tne greatest enthusiasm was dis
played throughout.
Congressman IfeCall of Massachusetts and
Vice-chairman A.psley of the Republican Na
tional congressional Committee will speak in
the Auditorium, corner of Eddy and Jones
sweets, to-night.
Van R. Paterson answered Charles S. Whee
ler's argument upon the motion "to strike
out" from the opposition to the penril will
yesterday before Judge Slack. A decision will
be rendered on Friday.
George W. Monteith and other Congressional
candidates appeared before the Democratic-
Populist fubion committee yesterday and
stated his case. McGlashan, Maddux and
Kelly continue to defy the committee.
The case against Charles McCarthy, who
some weeks ago was arrested for knocking a
Bteriiaddf-r down on which n Chinese was
standing, in front of the Auditorium saloon
was dismissed by Judtre Joachimsen yesterday!
Tne sixth annual convention of the Pacific
(oast Women's Press Association will open to
day. Literary and musical exercises will be
given at the Palace Hotel (Maple room), and
business sessions will be held in Native Sons'
Hall.
collector Wise testified yesterday in the
Williams case tha> the defendant was an
honest man. Three Inspectors of the Chinese
bureau followed, deci.-irnig that Williams was
an administration mvoritu, and incidentally a
bad Man. ,
Wondorful displays of ? peed were made rec
t.-rday by the bicyli- relay riders in descend
i r;p the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains.
■ ■<■ |o*l west of the mountains has been
■ -'dined. The rider* received an ovation at
Cheyenne.
At the meeting of creditors of O'Farrell A
Co., the insolvent real-estate firm, yesterday,
it was announced that the totai liabilities
were $112,000 and the assets only nominal.
The creditors «greed to forcing the firm into
Insolvency.
Mrs. Flora Royce, an actress in the People's
PaiHce, applied to Judge Low yesterday tor a
search warrant to regain poss<;sgj O n of her
child, which Mrs. Daw was noldi;ii,' us security
for a board bill, but the Judge could not issue
the wurrant.
On and after to-day the Southern Pacific
Company will undertake the carriage of
run ses instead of turning that kind of busi
ness over to Wells., Kargo & Co., as was the
p/uctice heretofore, and charges will be some
what reduced in some cases.
Belle Meinerth, the young woman who shot
herself on Howard street Sunday night, in the
presence of Joseph Cuueo, her lover, because
their parents objected to their marriage, was
reported as entirely out of danger at the City
nna ''ounty Hospital last night.
The British American and Western Assur
anoe companies of Toronto, Canada, have Con
solidate' 1 , tlieir Pacific COM) business with
that of the D*-nveroflice, and will likely abolish
the local office. This is in hue with the policy
fti o retrenchment recently introduced in San
fr'tncibco by the insurance companies.
WAS THE PENCIL
WILL REVOKED?
Interesting Argument on
Van R. Paterson's Op
position.
CLAIMS OF A NEW WILL.
The Written Statement of No
vember 26 Said to Be
Equivalent to One.
WHEELER STATES HIS CASE.
Only a Testamentary Codicil as a
Destruction of the Later Will
Could Revoke It.
Van R. Paterson and Charles S. Wheeler
had it out yesterday morning in the mat
ter of Mr. Faterson's opposition to the
Fair will of September 24. On Friday last
Mr. Wheeler, having been ruled against in
his demurrer to Judge Paterson's fourth
amended opposition, moved to striKe out
from the opposition ail reference to the
revocation of the will of the 21st. H« took
the position that the two groui^ of con
test — that of forgery and that of revoca
tion — were inconsistent and must be
offered separately.
Judge Paterson asked for time to reply,
and the date was tiled for yesterday
morning.
Judge Paterson, in the course of his
argument, was called upon to distinctly
define his position, and in doing so that
of ail the other contestants to the will of
the 21st, on at least one material point.
Judge Paterson claims that the repubhea
tion, dated November 20, was. in effect a
re-execution ol the will of the 21st, and
gives to that will, in law, the date of
November 26.
In speaking of the matter Judge Pater
son said: "It was claimed here, if I un
derstand counsel, that the two points of
our contest must be settled separately;
that the allegation of republication and
the allegation of forgery might not be
contained in the one contest. This we
deny. We hold that the date of the re-
Eublication is now the date of the will of
eptember 21. If there be any authorities
opposed to tins proposition tney have not
come under my notice. It has been al
leged that a cancellation, revocation or a
destruction by tire of a subsequent will
will not revive a prior will. What then
will revive a prior will? A republication.
We have a will of September 21, a will of
September 24, under the republication a
will of November 26. Does not that settle
the controversy? It has been set up here
that we are compelled to state our two
grounds of opposition.
"I wish to say to the court and counsel
that we are not obliced to do so. If, after
consultation, we deem it advisable we may
do so, out the matter lies with us. Can
we be compelled to go beiore a jury and
say 'his wfll is a forgery, but we are un
able to prove it and so we will now fall
back on the repubiication ?' For myself I
would prefer to contest this will on the
ground of forgery, but i am maintaining
here that I am not compelled to make the
contest upon any sin.-le ground."
Mr. Wheeler in replying said : "Judge
Paterson takes the position that we Lave
no rijjht to compel him to state separately
his grounds of contest. Again he Bays
mat the date of what is termed by him a
republication gives to the will of Septem
ber 21 its own date, but that it is not
thereiore a separate cause of action."
Mr. Wheeler read some authorities in
line with his position requiring that
where two causes of action are united
they may be required to be separated.
With regard to the second point, he said:
"Judge Paterson's position simply is th:it
the will of the 24th is revoked by a still
later will. Hi- argument would be of
great effect if the republication to«'k tne
form of a codicil. All that was intended
by the written statement of November 26
was to revoke the will of ttie 24th. Bui it
was ineffective because the requirements
of the law were not tullil.ed. It makes no
modification of the will of the 21st — does
not alter it nor cancel it. It is sinipiy a
written declaration, signed before wit
nesses, saying in so many words that the
will of the 21st wns his last will."
Judge Paterson asked leave to put the
question: "Suppose Senator Fair ha 1
again written his will on November 26 in
tne language of the will ot the- 21st, would
not that have revoked the will of the
24 th?"
'"Certainly," said Wheeler, "that would
be a re-execution, not a reiviblication."
"It is the .same," said Paierson.
"You do not plead it so. You state it
as a republication."
"We state what was done. The law
does the rest."
In answer to a question from Judire
Slack Mr. Wheeler said: "I do not hold
nor have I yet stated that the two grounds
of Judgo Paterson's opposition are too in
consistent to be joined. What I have said
is that they must be stated separately;
otherwise the court, the jury and the op
posing counsel are unable io determine
the limits of the proceedings or how they
shall meet and answer them. What
would be sufficient to get the will of the
24th out of the way? A codicil making
some modification of the provisions of the
earlier will or a destruction of the late
will. A mere statement declaring the last
will not to be the last will or that ari
earlier will is the .last will is not sulli
cient."
"You hold that the so-called republica
tion is of no effect at all?" asked the Jud c.
"Of no more than would be an oral
statement of mine to my clerk to take a
will out of my safe and burn it and I
should go to my grave thinking it burned
and it should turn up afterward."
"Supoose the will or tht 21<t had been
reattested November 20?" said hi^ Honor.
"That is the distinction I wouid call the
court's attention to. Reatte-tation is one
thin;,', republication is another. To re
attest thr will is to attach the signature
and date at the fool of the will itseU and
it becomes partof the document. It would
then carry the later Hate."
Mr. M> Enerrtey. by leave of Julge Pat
erson, took up the thread, making the
statement that he was no: of record in this
branch of the case. He stated that there
were many authorities to support the
statement that where a holographic state
ment is made referring to a previously
prepared w : ll it makes that will a new
will of the date of the tater writing.
'•Well." said Wheeler, "let us get at
what it doer,. Does it artest the will?"
''I don'' know tnat you would call it a
reattestation."
"Is it a codicil then?"
"I can't say we should call it a codicil,
and not a re-execution— it makes it a new
will. There are a whole group of cases to
support the statement. Sui>j>ose, ' con- ''
tinued tfcEnerney, "that Mr. lair instead
of writing the will, simply had written,
•It is ray wish and dejlre that my prop- '
erty be distributed according to the
method set forth in my will dated Sep
tember 21,' and this had b en proi erly
sworn to beiore witnesses, what woulit
you have paid to that?"
"You are coming to my way of think
ing,' said Wheeler. "That would be a re- !
execution, an entirely different natter."
"It would "be a re-execution without j
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
being attached to the will," said Paterson.
"That beiiip; admitted we do not have to
allege it. We claim there is no material
difference."
"Only that you are trying to revoke a
will in some other manner than i 3 dis
tinctly provided by the laws."
With this Judi;e Slack said he under
stood the relative position of the contend
ing parties ana would decide the matter
next Friday, to which date all other mat
ters wore carried over.
MAY BE RESCINDED.
The Teachers' Council Resolution of
the Board of JKducatiou Under
Consideration.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the Board of
Education will hold a special session,
called by President pro tern. Clinton, to
reconsider and, perhaps, rescind the action
by the board several months ago in re
questing that the Te«cher«' Council be
formed.
At that time the plan, which was pro
posed by Director Murdock, vas looKed
upon as a good one, and wheD the resolu
tion mentionea was brought up at a regu
lar meeting it was carried unanimously.
Having received the official sanction of
the buard those who had originated the
scheme began work at once, and it re
sulted recently in an election of olticers
and a permanent organization.
For some little time past, however
there has been an under current of dis
satisfaction among certain circles of
teachers, and the murmurs have reached
the ears of the members of the board.
lhose who do not favor the organization
say that its destiny is beinp shaped in
such a manner that a very few wilj con
trol the council, and that if they choose
these few can bring its entire influence to
bear for their own aggrandizement.
The board will not sanction anything of
I the kind that is not working Larmoniouslv
All the Chartered Wheat Ships in Port Are Now Busy Loading Grain for Europe. The Wynnstay at
Section 3 of the Seawall Was the Busiest of Them All Yesterday. She Was Taking in
Stiffening From the River Steamer Mary Garratt.
and may withdraw its moral support to
the extent of rescinding the origiual resolu
tion.
CAPTAIN SPILLANE AHEAD.
A T-ively Content Between the Six Cap
tain* of th« Police Force.
A gold watch awaits the moat popular
captain of the police force in thin City as
a gift from the Examiner.
To win this handsome present it re
quires votes, and (he man who receives
the largest number from his friends will
have the pleasure of wearing the ticker,
and at the same time the proud distinc
tion that he is a favorite.
The booths are open at Raphael's cloth
ing-store, 8 Kearny street, and for the
small sura of 10 cen:s eacli and every indi
vidual, irrespective of age, sex or color,
can vote as early and as often as. they have
10 rents with which to express their
choice. The proceeds of the election will
be handed over to Father D. O. Crowley,
surerintendont of the Youths' Directory!
The vote at 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon
stood with Captain John Spillane in the
lead.
The following is the vote as announced
by the committee, which is composed of
ex- Mayor E.iert, A. H. Loughborongh
and J. W. Raphael. Father Crowley was
present when the day's vote was counted:
John Spillane 117, G. W. Wittman 102 I \V
Lees IVii, A. J. Duulevy 109, James Gillen 76
11. S. Robinson 30.
Operations of the United States Mint.
The San Francisco mint is coining about
! 750,000 standard stiver dollars every mouth
and the New Orleans mint is also supposed to
be turning out about the same amount. The
; San Francisco mint had between 10.000,000
{ and 11,000,000 ounces of silver on hand
| at one. time, which had been bought by the
1 Government under the Sherman silver-pur
ci.it.-.- act. There has been a rumor that a
: larsje amount of Mexican silver has recently
been coined at the San Francisco mini. This
is emphatically denied by Superintendent Dag
gett, who says thut the only coinage is from
I the silver acquired under the Sherman act.
•—• — • — »
Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uucle
I Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
ALL WHEAT SHIPS
ARE NOW BUSY,
The Wynnstay Took In
Stiffening at the
Seawall.
TO LOAD AT PORT COSTA
Accident to the Tramp British
Steamer Linlithgow Near
Acapulco.
TRAMP STRATHQARRY LIBELED
"Tom," the God Cat on the Alamede,
Presented With a Silver
Collar.
The British ship Wvnnstay and the
Stockton steamer Mary Garratt were two
of the busiest vessels on the front yes
terday. The ship is at section 3of the sea
wall and is going to Port Costa to load
wheat for Europe. Every ounce of the
cargo that she brought to San Francisco
was taken out of her and in consequence
she had to be "stiffened" before a move
could be made. In order to get her suf
ficiently deep in the water to make navi- j
gation safe the Garratt brought several
hundred tons of wheat from Port Costa for
the ship. All day yesterday the work of
transferring the grain went on and when
the Wjnnstsy has 500 tons in her hold she
will be "stiffened" sufficiently to move or
be moved anywhere.
A number of other sailing ships are j
loading or taking in stiffening and all in I
all the wind-jammers have been busier
this last two or three days than at any
time sin^e the advent of the tramp !
steamer?. The sailing vessels now load- j
Ing, however, were nearly all chartered j
prior to arrival.
Ihe trump steamers are not having an !
altogether rosy time of it. The Linlith- i
gow, which sailed for Leith on July HI, j
with a car«o of wheat, has broken flown, j
nnd is now driitmg around in midocean! I
The Strathtarry, also loaded with wheat,
has been attached by the United States !
Marshal, and Captain White is discon
solate.
All went well with the Linlithgow until
the coast of Central America was reached,
when the gland of the tail-shaft broke,
and the hie tramp went aarift. She was
near to Acapulco, and Captain Petrie sent
the chief ollicer ashore to ask for assist
ance. The laaer made land and notified
that the Linlithgi w was drifting in north
northeast direction. Tugs were sent out
to look for her.
When the Strathgarry started for Port
Costa one of the river pilots proffered his
assistance, but Captain White declined it.
On the return trip he did his own piloting
again, and when a bill for half pilotage
was put in he refused to pay it. Accord- j
in^'ly the river pilots lil.eled the vessel, I
and a United States marshal was put >
aboard. The chances iire I hat Captain j
White will pay the $100 and proceed on i
h H way a sadder, hut a wiser man.
"Tom," the pet cat of the Alaiueda, has j
a new collar and takes care that every- I
body sees it. He still keeps watch and I
ward over the quarters of Chief Engineer '
Little, but since the new silver collar was
fastened around his neck he has not been
nearly as aggressive as formerly. The cel
lar bears the inscription, "Old Tom. S. S.
Alameda. Presented by his American ad
mirers July 4, 1896." Chief Little asserts
that Tom is a "gold" cat and that a silver
collar has taken all the tight out of him.
The first of the salmon lleet, the
Llewellyn J. Morse, got in yesterday. The
captain reports a splendid catch, and says
that sometimes the runs were so heavy
that the fish could not be handled. The
Morse was seventeen days from Karluk
ana brought down 40,000 cases of salmon.
The Harvester was to have followed her
on the 20th inst. and the James A. Bor
land was in port.
The United States tug Unadilla broke
down on her way to Mare Island last
Friday. The steamer Monticello picked
her up and towed her to the Mare Isiand
lighthouse, where a Government vessel
took her in tow. A subscription was col
lected among the passengers of the Una
dilla to pay the Monticello for towing
them in.
"Jake" Palmer, the Southern Pacific's
spotter, is still at work on the Vailcjo op
position boats. Every day he haunts
Washington-street wharf", and every ounce
of freig;it that goes aboard the Sunol he
keeps track of. Then he reports to Agent
K. A. White, and the latter -ends out his
assistants to the shippers and attempts to
induce them to send their ireiirht by an
old tub called the Herald. In the case of
passengers a list of all business men and
their relatives is said to be kept for use
when the opposition is crashed out.
"The opposition will never be crushed
out," saia A. E. Pryor of Piper, Aden,
Goodall <t Co. yesterday. The Southern
Pacific may at once understand that never
again will the fare to Vallejo be more than
50 cents. Even at 2a cents a steamer will
pay, and there will always be one running
from San Francisco. Our fare is 10 cents
each way, but then we were forced into it,
and I'll swear we'll stay with that fare
longer than the monopoly will keep to its
$1 rate."
The British ship Ross Shire, Captain
Baxter, arrived from Sydney yesterday
with a cargo of coal. The voyage was an
uneventful one, save for one heavy gale,
which fortunately did no damage.
BROKE THE ENGAGEMENT.
Why Ycung Sam Price and
Sarah Mills Got Into
Litigation.
He Claims That After J ; !ting Him
She Refused to Rtturn $180
of His Money.
The reason why Sarah Mills broke her
engagement to bam Price did not develop
in the suit that was tried in Justice Car
roll's court yesterday, but the troubles
that resulted from the severed relations
did and they furnished amusement for a
large number of people who filled the
courtroom. It appeared that two days
before the time set for the weddine, when
iven the invitations were out, Miss Miiis
had suddenly broken off the match ana
returned tlie engagement rin^, a pair of
earrings and (120 belonging to Price and
told him that their acquaintanc e must
ce.ise.
The young couple had even gone so far
as to purchase the furniture that was to
urace their little flat, and Price was nat
urally grieved that the girl of his heart
should suddenly throw him aside, par-
ticularly as there was no explanation
forthcoming as to the why.
He brought snit for $180, which he
claims he gave into the keeping of Miss
Milla, in addition to the $120 she returned
to him. It developed in the evidence that
one night while Trice was calling on his
I fiancee he stayed rather late, and when he
was ready to leave she told him that it
was not "safe to take his money home and
that he left her a purse containing Jll.'O,
which was deposited in her name in the
Hibernia Bank. This was the money she
returned, and she swore positively that
she had never received another cent from
Price, and her friends and witnesses,
araonjr them "White Hat" McCarthy,
craned their necks to see what effect this
statement would have on the Justice. She
stated, moreover, that the furniture was
paid for out of Her own personal funds and
no one else's.
Price swore just as positively that he
had «iven her $300 in ail and that he had
helned to buy the furniture. Mis<» Mills'
trrandfather. who was called, tangled mat
tors still further by testifying that he had
paid the money for the furniture out of
his own pocket, and the plaintiffs attor
ney, George Perry, asked for a continu
ance to permit hiri} to bring the furniture
dealer into court to tell just who did pay
for the goods.
THE STEPLADDER CASE.
Charlie King's 1 all Was Accidental
and McCarthy Is Discharged.
The preliminary examination of Charles
McCarthy, an barkeeper, on the charge
of assault to do grievous bodily harm, was
hold before Judge Joachimsen yesterday
afternoon and the case was dismissed.
Several weeks ago Charlie King, a Chi
nese, was standing on top of a stepladder
cleaning the windows in the Auditorium
saloon on Powell street, when McCarthy
cither accidentally or by design knocked
over the ladder and the Chinese fell to the
sidewalk, striking on the back of his head
and fracturing ins skull. His life was de
spaired of for some time, but he finally
recovered.
McCarthy claimed that he stumbled
against the ladder accidentally, and none
of the witnesses yesterday would testify to
the contrary.
THE WOMEN WHO WRITE
They Will Open Their Sixth
Annual Convention To-Day
in This City.
Interesting Programme Prepared by
the Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association.
The sixth annual convention of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
will open to-day in the maple room of the
Palace Hotel. An interesting programme
has been prepared for the amusement and
instruction of all who attend.
Mr?. Ada H. Van Pelt will open the
literary and musical exercises at 2:30 p. m.
with an annual address, after which the
following programme will be presented:
i Annual address Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt
Song, (a) "Dreams" > M Kva Wren
(b) "Oh, That We Two" ..r ln *"™ w ren
Violin solo, "Romance" Miss C. Gruenhasren
Paper, '-Our Press Association". .Mrs. V. F. Victor
Recitation (a) Poem by Emily Brown Powell
(6) Selected _
Miss Marion Powell.
Song, "Aye Maria" Alfred Wilkie
(With violin obtigato by Miss Gruenhagen).
Poem, "Independence Hull".. Mrs. H.A. Dickinson
Address, "Our -boremothers" C. A. Murdock
Piano solo (a) Muzourka, U minor > , nnt „
(6) Etude, G Ha: JChopln
Joan W. Metca.f.
Reading Mrs. ranees B. Edgerton
Th« second day's entertainment will
commence at 2:30 p. m. in the same place
and it will also be of a high order of merit
as the following list of musical and literary
numbers which have been selected for it
will show: '.'■■ ;.
Paper Mrs. Alice M. McComas
Recitation, "Father's Way" Miss .Stella Ames
(trom Eugene Field) .
Song, "Orpheus With His Lute". Miss Edna Ritter
Reading, -The Erl King" Rev. Edwards Davis
With musical interpretation from Schubert
and ±.iszt by John W. Metcalf
Poem Miss Ina Coolbrith
Bolero, ''Sweetheart of Mine" Alfred Wilkie
(First time);
Mrs. Alma A. Crowley, composer and ac
companist. Words by Mrs. Ella
M. Sexton
Paper, "Woman on Woman"
Miss Agnes Manning
Character recital Miss Lillian O'Connell
The purely business part of tne conven
tion, which includes matters of general
ititerest to the association, will be dis
NEW TO-DAY.'
Suppose we gave you a
package of tea and said,
" Don't pay for this unless
; you like it."
You'd try it, of course.
Your grocer will give you
a package of Schilling Best
tea-; you pay for it. If you
don't like it, tell him so.
He pays you back.
There is a full money's-
worth in every package of
Schilling Best tea ; but the
book m the package is worth
even more, if you do not
know how to make tea ex-
actly right. :^»*gp
A 9ch3Hm* & Company Jtt2P£&\~- '■'
San Francisco — * r 7 gsg
i :
NEW TO-PAT— AMUSEMENTS.
O'FBrreH «tr«"»-. be! n-een Stockton and Pow»tt.
Week ('omineiii'iiig HondaT, Aug. 31.
ANOTHER GKKAT NEW BILL!
A ORB AT SUCCESS LAST NIGHT!
FILSON & ESK.R,OT_i, .■'."'
America's Favorite society Sketch -Artists.
Return Engagement for i tie Week of
LVDIA * EAMANS-TITUS,
Assisted b/ FRED J. TITUS.
26 America's Greatest Artists 26
Kpserved sears. Sfte; I ulcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on KurtU:
Open Daily from 1 to 11 F. M.
DON'T FAIL TO .SEE
THE DE FlLl! PES;
THK ZANFAKILLAS.
BRING THE CHILDREN
To See the New Hears and
The Happy Family of Monkeys!
V ADMISSION 1O CKNTS.
Children, including Hide, 5 cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. m. .
Concert Every Afternoon and Kvenine.
General Admission— Adults 10c. Children sc.
©atfoRNW
Mf Three WeekS .
ifOBAFJD p^/ilio|4
f^LECTRICHOTIVE- POWER
►"Transmitted fko^ fbLSOM
nnu'T taii T ° exhibit
Uuft 1 rnxy to attend
EXCURSION BATES.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
FAMILY EXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ!
$££$$$& i%Slffi!?%; -^ffSßFg^i itfj~j*llffit
SUNDAY, Sept. 6.
From S. I*. La's Ferry Landing (narrow gauge)
at 7:45 a. m. .
Five floors at the Seashore.
3>4C Tk KET 94
The excursion will be in charge of SIR WM. H.
MKXTU.N, Excursion Passenger Agent S. P. Co
Returning arrve at San Francisco at 8:05 P. M.
For further information apply at Grand .hotel
Tlcke: Office. 613 .Market street.
RICH (.; R,\ V, T. H. GOODMAN,
Uen'l Traffic Mgr. lien I Pass. Agt.
KEW TO- DAT.
Beauty's bane is*** v^*
the fading or falling of >i^-^%
the hair. Luxuriant == lL*>±
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid whose casket
of charms Is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
cussed in the Native Sons' Hall on Mason
strei-t. The sessions will open th is morn
ing and continue for three days.
CRUELTY TO CHILDREN.
Mrs. Kato Han Chester, Xatonia Street,
Is Placed Under Arrest.
Knte Manchester, wife of Charles Man
chester, 213 Natoma street, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Secretary Frank
Kane oi' the Pacific Coast Society for the-
Suppression of Vice ami Policeman Cole
m.inon tne charge of cruelty to children.
Her three little children were also taken
to tie Oitv Prison, and will be sent to the
\ oiulis' Directory.
Ttie woman's husband is a hard-work
ing man, employed in a tannery. She
was in the habit of leaving him for days at
a time, and while the husband was at his
work the children were allowed to shift
for tnemse!ves< without j, roper food. The
only thing edible in the two dingy rooms
in the oasemem occupied by the couple
was a hard loaf of brea I.
XEMV ; TO-LAY-AMUSEMENT 3.
l rniCDLAnoL'Lc-orrLOD « c?-^, AnonAnMiuj- . .
BIGGER ~~ THE
THAN FIRST
THK SECOND WKiSK OF
..IEE : SOCIAL TRUST"
Begins With a Brilliant House.
Ramsay .Morris and Hillary Bell's Excellent
Comedy- Drama
HAS MADE A VERITABLE HIT!
Unquestionably the XSest Thing
TgIRAfLEY COMPM
Has Ever Produced.
Remember This Week Only.-
Monday, September 7— "TIIK "WIFE,"
Another Lyceum Theater Success.
AL. HAYMAN A. < Q 'S T . c.,\ TErtS,
•. th E " I'Rlf inVT
X— /VT THE fl »'Hll.jii.J.i I
' «L//\LL 3 Vf ENTHUSIASTIC
—^— ,-^_ RECEPTION I
English CADnril IJ Q Great Napo-
Version <Jr\.niJKJKJ O leonlc Play
"MADAME SANS GENE"
(MAS UHC DON'T CAB .1
The Success of Two Continents.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In the Title Role, supported by the Principal
1 Members of the Original Cast.
'at th C poiMY mi.
CALIFORNIA J STEVE BKODIE
In "OS TIIK KOWKRY."
freata Ready Thursday.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mk.-.. x.k>»iu>iij> h. ivitn.TN.j. Proprietor v v: • tm t"'i£K
Season or Grand Opera !
TO-NIGHT.
Thursday and Saturday Evenings, by Special
Request,
"RIGOLETTO!"
TO-HOBBOW
Also Friday and Sunday Evenings,
Verdi's Tragic Opera,
ERNANI!"
Correct Costumes Beautiful Scenery,
NEXT WEEK— Lucia, Trovatore, Romeo
and Juliet.
First Appearance this Season of illle. Ida Valerga.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI.TKR M >ROSCO Sota lcmi nu.l ,1,,,.,;
ROARS OF .1 ..RRIMKNT
GREET THOSE TWO KU.NNY FOLKS.
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, Soubrette,
Mid Kl>. .1. II • . i; v. Comedian,
In the Thrilling Nautical Me o :rama,
"HELD IN SLAVERY"
Under the Direction of a i:i:v SKDLKY. a
Tern He siorin With Real Rain: Most Realistic of
Fire Scenes! Exciting Duel With Knives!
'in-al Electric Effects!
4 PICKANINNIKS 1
SEW SONGS! NEW DANCES! >'EW SOXGSI
>. veiling Prices— \:.">c and .Vie.
F»m:lv Circle and Gallery, 10c.
AT P A7A D Belasco, Doane & Jordan,
•*» I- \~*J\£~r\ 1 1 Lessees and .Managers
O'Farrell Street. B;t.TLJC AT C D
Stockton and Powell. 1 n.Ln 1 Cl\
CKOWDKD TO THK DOORS!
AX iMI'HATiC SUCCESS 1
THl'MiKliS OF APPLAUSE!
The Sparkling Comedy,
"TURNED UP,"
By the Alcazar stork Company of Players.
Prices, 15, 35. .15 and 50 Cents.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
15, 85 and 35 Cents.
PHONE BLACK 991.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
MECHANICS'
INSTITUTE PAVILION.
Tvi.iifv^iiitii Industrial Exposition!
HOME " PRODUCTS hXH.mTION
DSDER THE AUSPICES OP THE
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
ANl> TIIK '
Manufacturers' and I'roJucers' Association
OPENS SEPTE i BER I.
CLOSES OCTOBER 3.
Machinery in Motion.
Trade Exhibits in Operation.
The Latest Innovations in Electrical Science.
All Exhibits Ready on the Opening of the Fair*
Picturesque Stands and Booths.
State fisheries t:xhihit.
Carefully Selected Art UaH.Ty.
Orchestra of 4O Musicians Under the Leader-
ship of GUSTAV HINKIwHi.
ADM.ISSIOX:
Double Reason T lcket $5 00
j Single season Ticket $3 00
Children's .Season 1 irkei $1 50
Adult Admission ttc
Children— Admission 15c
Manufactnrsrs 1 and Producers- Night. Speeches
and music.
GRAND EXCURSION TO "
BOHEMIA
NEXT SUNDAY, SEPT. 6,
Leaves at 8:30 a. m. via special steamer from
Tiburon Ferry. Special reserved- seat train.
Personally conducted by J. K. Locke. A tina
«*rill lunch served In Bohemian style or take
basket lunch. Secure seats at 333 O'Farrell st.
daily until 9 p. m. Tickets also on sale at ferry
FOUR HOURS IN THE BIG-TREE GROVE on
the Russian River. Only #1 25 for round trip.
i Children under 1"' only Goes. . :•
78
MODEL OF FLYING -MACHINE INVENTED BY DR. C A. SMITH OF SAN FRANCISCO.
o U looks just like the business end of a rocket. It has a conical point, a round
body and at the rear end a brass fan whirrs lustily every time a live vrire i.< hitched on
to the electric motor in the interior of the concern. Two wings, like those of a beetle,
rise and fall from the lop of the cylinder, and a few small windows and three rudders
make up the latest of flying machines. i
Will wort? There is no doubt of it, say the inventors, and they point proudly to
the model as it rests on two stools in a shop on Market street. The model is built of
rinc, aluminum was not available in time, and to serve as a propellor one of those
brass electric fans, a contrivance like a four-bladed ship's wheel, has been attached to
, the main shaft. Inside is an electric motor of one-eighth of one horsepower and that
js calculated to drive the propelling wheel at the rate of 1500 revolutions a minute.
At e o very 100 revolutions of the screw the two wings rise from the sides of the cylinder,
stretch themselves for a second like the wings of a bird in full flight and then return
again to the sides of the machine. In full career these will make between fifteeu and
HAS DUPED MANY
SILLY WOMEN,
Wily Lottery Game Played
by a Sleek China
man.
PEDDLES HIS TICKETS.
And the First Time He Always
Makes His Customers
Win.
INDUCES THEM TO STAKE MORE
"When a Round Sum Is Given Him
the Persuasive Mongolian Is
Seen No More.
A number of ladies in the Western Ad
dition are regretting the disappearance of
8 eleek persuasive Chinaman, who has
been a house-to-house visitor in that part
of town lately. They are al*o bewailing
the disappearance of round, substantial
oolJars, which the Chinaman carried
away with him, under the pretext of in
resting them in a lottery which was a
'dead sure thinj^"
The defrauded ladies know nothing
about playing a Jottery. They say that
they never could have been induced to
part with their substance to a mere coolie.
The missing Chinaman looked like an
attache to Li Hang Chang's suite, at the
very least, and his manners were as per-
Buasfre and courtly as his dress was costly
an*! magnificent.
If the ladies with who se dollars he has
pot avray had known anything about
Chinese lottery gambling they would
easily have detected that the persuasive
Chinaman was one o' the most unblush
ing fakeis that ever handled lottery tick
ets, but they took his bomis tickets in good
iniih and wailed for the fortune which
never came. Ketter-informed friends are
row pointing out to them that the bona
lide Chinese lottery dealer puts the name
of the company, the date and the amount
inve«(ed at the side of the ticket, whereas
the Chinarran who has been beguiling the
Western Addition has only defaced his
tickets with an unintellieible scrawl,
which is neither Chinese nor English.
The faking Chinaman has made no
pretensf at peddling vegetables or selling
notions in order to introduce himself, but
has walked boldly op to the front doors
and, ringing the bell in a lordly manner,
has asked, with a sweet and persuasive
smile, if he might be permitted to sell the
Jfldy a lottery ticket. As a rule the lady
lias replied in the negative in which case
John has made his adieux graoefully and
Jias bobbed up serenely the next day
more bland than ever and more certain of
having a dead sure thing in lottery
0 tickets.
The price he asked has been $1 90, but^
' a 10-cent piece was not scorned by the
I wily Chinaman. When sums of over $1
i were invested in his tickets he- never came
'. back, but the customers for 10-cent and
; two-bit tickets were quite touched by the
i fidelity with which John came back next
I day with their money doubled and trebled.
"How much more money you could
| have made if you had put more in," he
■ has been in the habit of remarking pen
' sively as he counted out three times the
| amount of coin, and then repeated again
what a sure thing hi« lottery was. Struck
by this argument, as well as by the hon
esty and uprightness of John's dealings,
people have in a number of instances been
J induced to give him several dollars. They
I waited for him to come back next day and
line their pocketbooks with coin, and they
are waiting still.
A lady who lives on Lea^enworth street
said yesterday: "Yes, we hay»» been vie-
I timized by that Chinaman. Of course I
don't want to give our names; you can
just write down that we were three foolish,
j silly women. We might have known how
i it would end, but the man used to come
' day after day, begging us to buy tickets.
| He said he had a certain way of marking
I the numbers, which was Btire to win, and
; promised to give the money back if we
were unsuccesstul. Ono day, to get rid of
him, my sister gave him 10 cents, and the
1 next day he brought her back 30 cents."
"That was the day we all went into the
■ thing," said the sister mournfully. "He
i said that trie lOcents had been trebled and
that if we would give him $5 he could
bring us back $00, and he vowed that if the
numbers were not successful he would
bring back the money. We had saved %'■',
\ for opera tickets and gave it to him, and
I that was the end of the money and the
j Chinaman."
Carl Erickson's Flying-Machine, Which Is to Be Shown at the Mechanics' Fair.
The Mechanics' Institute, at a meeting last evening, on motion of P. J. Healy, announced that $1000 -would be awarded to
the successful competitor at a matcb between airmotors during the fair. Carl Erickson, who was present, was introduced to the
members by Mr. Healy, and he stated he was ready to make the trip to Sacramento as announced, but 'owing to the refusal of
Mayors Sutro and Davie to accompany him he would, in deference to the wishes of the board, postpone his flight until others
could compete with him. Mr. Lindsey of the Smithsonian Institution, Washineton, has been written to and a liberal offer made
him. In the engraving here presented the various parts are designated as follows: A— Balloon, specially constructed silk- hydro
gen gas. B— Wings, aluminum. C— Cylinder, containing the mechanism that governs the flight of the machine" electricity the
motive power. D-Propeller, aluminum, so constructed that the speed is regulated entirely by the revolutions of the propeller
P:-Steering apparatus. F-Car, carrying twelve passengers; constructed of aluminum and windows of prepared pane/ G-
Kegulators, to regulate the upward and downward flight.
THE SAN FRAXCIRCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
twenty strokes a minute, and borne onward by wing and screw the machine is expected |
to make between 75 and 100 miles an hour.
Figure? so far make up the principal portion of the description of the machine, I
and from the result? figured out the inventors draw much satisfaction. In leneth the !
cylinder will be sixty feet, and the cone, which forms the forward end, forty-five feet, j
making a total length of 105 feet. It •rill be thirty-nine feet in diameter, and will
have a capacity of 89,593 cubic feet of hydrogen. Hydrogen at the earth's surface has
| a lifting power of seventy pounds to the 1000 cubic feet, which makes the lifting,power
i of the eas inclosed in the macnine something near tfJ.'iO pounds.
! 4 Aluminum will be the metal used in the big airship. In all there will be 1G.546
j square feet ol sheet aluminum used, and this weighs one pound to sixteen square feet, j
!or a total of 1053 pounds. Then there will be an aluminum engine, braces to stiffen ,'
j the various parts and incidentals to bring the weight up to slightly over 2000 pounds.
This gives a lifting power of about 4100 pounds without the use of either wings or screw.
TWO COMPANIES WEAKEN
The British American and West
ern Assurance Grow
Economical. .
They Consolidate Their Pacific Coast
Business With the Denver
Office.
Ftill another change came 33 r esterday in
the fire insurance business of this City
that is in line with the policy of economy
and retrenchment quite recently intro
duced on '.he I';iciiic Coast When it was
announced on the street the news passed
quickly among insurance men, for they
are each and every one interested in in
novatius in any office, sir.cc these things
affect the general business and indicate an
entirely new trend of affairs.
It was told that two important fire in
surance companies — the British-American
and Western Assurance companies, both
of Toronto, Canada— had decided to place
their const business under the jurisdiction
of H. T. Lamey, the companies' general
manager at Denver, Colo., for the "inter
mountain division." This meant that the
Pacific (oast business is to be subordinate
to the Denver office. Mr. Lamey is ex
pected to arrive here to-day, and "until he
announces himself there is no certainty
regarding the change.
T. c two insurance companies have
jointly maintained a large and handsome
office at \L\ California street, with H. If.
Grant and Charies A. Stuart general man
agers for the coast. Their City agents
have been Davis & Watson, on California
street.
Mr. Grant said that the chance had
taken nlace yesterday, and that Mr. Lamey
was on his way to San Francisco to carry
it into effect. The change was made for
economy's sake, and in his opinion might
either result in the consolidation ol the
two divisions, or Lamey might take charge
of the local ofiire. On the street, it was
stated that the San Francisco general
oflice would be abolished and that the
City agents would look after local busi
ness on a commission basis.
Up to the present Mr. Grant reported to
the nome oflice in Toronto and received
all reports from agents in California and
the Pacific Coast generally. In future the
agents must transact business with the
intermountain office.
_ This is on the same line of policy estab
lished by the Continental Insurance Com
pany, which withdrew its general coast
office from San Francisco and thus saved
expenses of a larire staff of clerks, etc. The
next company to fall in line was the Fire
Association of Philadelphia. The British-
American has asset! of $1,180,000, tlio
We- tern $1,651429, and both did a fair
business on this coast.
If all the tobacco smoked in the British
Empire last year were rolled into rope an
inch in diameter it would form a xnake
like roll, which, following the line of the
equator, wculd go thirty times round the
earth.
In the forward end, just where the under side of the cone merges into the cylinder,
the pilot-house is situated, and from it is controlled the three rudders at the rear end.
One of these is a big plane set horizontally and destined to control the elevation ; the
others are vertical planes which will drive the machine to tne right or left. The
wings can be made to remain outspread or folded at the desire of the helmsman, and
arrangements will be made to have the bird-like engine balanced to a nicely.
Its flight, say the inventor?, will be swift and even, like the swoop of -an eagle or
the steady course of a bird of prey. It will soar at a height of from one to three miles,
and will have a grappling-hook to stay its speed when it becomes necessary to alight
and it dives down toward the earth.
A working model, that is so far as the mechanical part is concerned, will be on
exhibition in the Mechanics' Pavilion. The model has just been finished. Its Jirst
long flight will be to New York, and the inventors say that forty hours after it spreads
its wings over the Golden Gate it will alight under the shadow of the Statue of Liberty.
TRYING TO EVEN
UP ON THE DEAD,
Another Scheme to Aug
ment the Railroad's
Revenue.
CARRYING OF CORPSES.
It Will Be Taken Out of the
Hands of th£ Express
Company.
LOWER CHARGES TO BE MADE.
The New Order of Things to Be Car
ried Into Effect To-Day on the
Pacific System.
Having failed in its efforts to add a few
odd dimes and quarters to its revenue by
imposing a transportation tax on bicycles
to near-by places, the Southern Pacific
has now turned its attention to corpses,
thus avoiding all danger of organized re
sistance to its demands and possible po
litical antagonisms.
About five years ago an agreement was
entered into with Wells, Fargo & Co.,
whereby the business of transporting
corpses was relegated entirely to the ex
press company, all agents o* the Southern
Pacific Corrpany being instructed as fol
lows :
"Agents must refer persons applying
for corpse transportation by passenger
train to local points to the agents of Wells,
Fargo it Co. 's express."
Under this arrangement the express
company charged two first-class fares for
each corpse, but no oorpse was carried for
a less charge than |6, and if a person de
sired to accompany the remains another
ticket had to be purchased by the passen
ger. This gave the corpse-carrying mo
nopoly a handsome profit, as its space cost
it no more for corpses than it did for ordi
nary baggage, though somewhat more
care, it was true, had to be exercised in
the handling of these "temples of de
parted souls."
Looking about for some source of in
creasing its revenue, the bicycle tax was
i first hit upon, but "the quick" were too
| much for the corporation, so it turned to
the dead to secureali the tariff would bear.
After due consultation and considera
tion it was resolved a few dai-s ago to re
scind the instructions regarding the trans
portation of corpses and to terminate tie
| agreement on the same matter with the
| express company. The circular convey-
I ing the instructions to agents regarding
the new order of things reads in part as
follows:
1 "Commencing September 1, 1896, we will
resume the carriage of corpses. The
charge for transportation of same, chil
dren or adults, in baggage-car between
any two points on the Pacific system, will
be one lowest first-class fare. Minimum
rate will be $1 50. A passenger holding a
proper ticket must accompany the re
mains: otherwise thpy must be handled
by Wells, Fargo <fc Cos. Express."
By this arrangemont all the big profits
heretofore made by the express company
will revert to the railroad company and at
the same time the expense of transporting
bodies will be reduced, in some cases to a
considerable degree.
Where the express company's minimum
charse was $5 that of the railroad com
pany is but $1 50, and when it is desired to
have a person accompany the remains,
there is no extra charge, as was ft case
under the system of the express company.
DEADLY COLLISION.
Xetcgpaper Train Hunt Into a Freight
With Terrible Jtesults.
ORANGE, Mass., Aug. 31. — A newspaper
train and a freight collided near here on
the Fitchburg Railroad about 5 o'clock
this morning, and Engineer William
Clements wni instantly killed and Fire
man George W. Fowler received injuries
which will prove fatal. One brakeman
was also badly cut and bruised.
The freight train had broken in two and
before the separated parts could be picked
up the passenger train struck it and
plowed through twelve cars, reducing
them to kind line wood and entailing a
money loss of $50,000. Engineer Clem
ent* was thrown backward fifty feet and
wedged between two cars, and it took a
long time to get his body out of the ruins.
The road was blocked for eight hours. A
dense fog was undoubtedly a great factor
in the wreck.
JtabieM J-'rotn a Skunk Bite.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 81.— A special
to the Mornine News from St. Augustine,
Fla., says: Allen Miller, residing at Moul
trie settlement near here, was bitten by a
skunk on Wednesday and at once gave
signs of hydrophobia.
Before he was secured he badly bit his
stepson anct ran through the woods bit
ing trees and everything coming in his
way.
He was tied to his bed, and to-day in a
paroxysm broke the lashing arid escaped
to the woods, severely biting two of his
keeper?, one dangerously.
Application was made to Judge Cooper
here to-nicht for the Sheriff and a posse to
capture Miller, who is a raving maniac.
NEW TO-DAY.'
GOLD" CURE,
! Liquor and Opium Habit— Cures Guaranteed \
No publicity, private sanitarium, best facili-
ties, lowest charges. Home treatment, book |
free, fifth year. Any inebriate of sound mind
| can be cured and will remain cured.
GOLD CURE, 808 G ST., Sacramento, Cal. J
Wri&trs Indian Veptal Pill?
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who ■
have used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, COXSTIPA- '
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak btomacn, Pimples, ani
purify the blood.
Grossman's SBBCiflc Mlxtars
W ith this remedy persons can cure themselvei
without, the least exposure, change of diet, or j
change in application to business. The medicin9
contains nothing that is of the least injury to tha
• constitution. your druggist lor 16, i*iic« *1 *
j bom* J
Is the light that' will "bring "a" great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
•cc how Birong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere bat
from tha Hudson Medical Institute. Writ«
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator Is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indorsed by the leading scientifio
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It 13
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imcotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore-
prodnclng {terms. Teen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores ana
falling hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by using the great 30-day cure. Call or write for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Stl.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
fl»i*«';ise* of young;., middle-
aged, and old 'men which weaKen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn his new treatment
which is the result of ears of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, ISraiii, IVervcs sum!
Blood. If you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired.
irritable, discontented feeling and fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent mid feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no timn to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of W"omeM. scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
TIIK POOES of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can '.»<■ cured at home,
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and aie unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent free on ap-
plication. Address
I)R F I SWFANY 737 Market st -
UN. I. L. OVILrIHf, au Francisco. Cal.
SOOO
CARNATIONS
W ii sail ■ i I I W I v
Field-Grown l rom Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Eastern Florist.
xx VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGo wan, "J
Will am Scott, "I Silver Spray, L,....
Day Break, ' „.„,, Hinslea White, f %> to' lB -
Tidal Wave, ]•■«■"»*• White Win X , J
Grace Wilder, J Gold Fincn, Gold, Yellow,
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be gold to tli«
trade nt reasonable rates,
T.G.ARJISTROXG&SON
FLORISTS, ETC.,
ltuse Aye. Nurseries.
Address: . •
Mills College P. P.. Alameda Co.. Cal.
cr— j SE+^s.- 1^ /-\NCE MORE In harmony
■ ! I T !|¥^k with the world, 2000
I [IhC|l. completely cured men are
I' ; i»w* vi singing happy praises for
' I Illk^cv /U_ the greatest, grand-
r^il^e^iP 1 c ' am * most Bu<>
Tlnr^-jii^S cessf ul cure for sex-
' fl i ; 'J^f^jKvVl' ua * weakness and
'lifV yCO^V lost visor known to
i !) s *Ti!w^. medical science. An
■ ii V^^^fjAf^y^S. V account of this won-
J^*a derfttl discovery, In
W#k> If/f&^k, book form, with re . f "
ye V*^jAj^jt»/»' eronccs and proofs,
x/r^*- g/ "will be sent to suf-
fering men (seale<l) free. Full manly vigor
, permanently restored. Failure Impossible.
EBiEMEDIOQLCQ.,eUFFALO,N.Y.
■ »* *lBVI&-"J!SaJ r *+i Pl T>fcT <9 is a non-poif"<"ioni
<<!^Sp^Qi^o remedy for Gonorrhoea,
<'!•'•;, Spermatorrhoea,
m nob lavs.^H Whites, unnatural dia-
ftii Qairantenl IB charges, or any inflamina-
jfiSW cot 10 atrictsre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
3^-*BPr<vfr.u coai>{ioii. tion of mucous nirrn-
KSiITHEEvANSCHEHiCHCn. branen. Non-astringent.
Vg^e!NeiNN«Ti.o.MH| SoW by ■»«•«*•■*,
'cSf» l v< a or Bent In Pa in "Tipper.
L*&*9& l>y express, prepaid, for
Jl.OO, <jr 3 bottles, &.7\
. < vySsieS^'^ 0 B Circular sent or. '- '"»wt.
mm m mm an ■*■ laxative refreshing CM
FAMOFC fruit lozenge,
I H 111 d very atrrepa hi c to take.
CONSTIPATION
M hemorrhoids, bile,
111 91 R 7 U loss of appetite, gastric a*4
jla I A iH. W intestinal troubles and
I la iS B *b El headiicbe arising
from them.
Anil I All E - okillon,
B« K8 ' 1 l : IIS 3S Rue dcs Archives, Part*
MeliklaVlv Bold by »li UruggU*NORMAN SCHULLER
IS ARRESTED.
The Young Broker Booked
on the Charge of
Forgery.
PREPARING TOR FLIGHT
Found in a Seventh-Street Lodg
ing-House Under the Name
of John Miller.
HE DOES NOT DENY HIS GUILT
Spejit All the Money Upon His Friends,
Who, He Says, Have Now
Turned Against Him.
Norman Schuller, the young broker who
has been for several weeks wanted for
forgery, was arrested yesterday morning
in the San Rafael lodging-house, Seventh
and Jessie streets, by Private Detective
etiilwell.aud taken to the City Prison.
The particular charge of forgery for
Norman Schnllcr, the Young lirokcr Who Was Arrested Yesterday on a
Charge of 1 orgery.
which Schullerhas been arrested is for ne
gotiating a forced note for $5000 with
o Attorney John C. Hushes, Mills building.
o The note was dated May- 6, payable in
three months, and purported to be signed
by D. B. Murphy of Ban Jose and indorsed
by his brother, P. W. Murphy, and his
sister, Mrs. R. T. Carroll. Hughes dis
counted the note and did not discover the
forgery until July 20. He thai day called
° "fecholler to account for presenting the
forged note to him, but Scb,uller persisted
that the note was good.
o Schuller, to back up his assertion, agreed
<* to go to San Jo-e with Hushes to satisfy
o him that the signatures were all ri<r'jt.
They crossed the bay together that after
noon, but Schuller gave Hughes the slip
niter leaving the boat, and since then the
detectives have been looking for him.
.- 'ill well learned a fear days a 1:0 that a
man answering Schuller's description had
been frequenting saloons on Seventh
street, and as Nellie Lenahan, a young
Jady to whom Schuller had been paying
his addresses, was living with her aunt at
°333 Harriet street, he suspected that Bchnl
. ler was the man seen in the saloons. He
learned that the man was known as John
Miller and yesterday morning he found
frrat Miller had room 29 in the San Rafael
lodging-house.
The defective went directly to the room
end finding the door unlocked entered.
Miller, whom he at once recognized as
Hchuller, was busily packing his valise,
nnefhewas considerably surprised to see
the detective. Schuller said he was pre
paring to leave the City by the afternoon's
steamer lor Vallejo. From there he in
tended to go to Georgetown and then
strike out for the mines, where he hop»d
to remain for several years at least in
safety.
in a bureau drawer in his room were
The Sacramento-Street Cars Were Loosed From the Cable and Hitched to Horses Yesterday, and Were Hauled Over the Hill to the Car House
to Await the Mending of the Broken Cable Shaft.
found a woman's hat dress, gloves and
heavy veil, which he said belonged to a
lady friend, but the detective believed
they were used by Schuller to masquerade
about the neigh do r hood at night.
On the way to the prison Schuller gave
Stiliwell a gold watch, requesting him to
send it to Misa Lenahan, to whom he said
it belongs. Only 15 cents were found in
his pocket when searched at the prison,
lie said he had expected to receive money
from his father.
Schuller, when spoken to in the prison,
did not feel at all disinclined to unburden
his mind. He said he felt his position
very keenly, and it" he had wronged his
friend Hughes he was prepared to suffer
the consequences.
"If I had got away," he said, "I would
have made it my business to work hard to
earn enough money to pay HuphesLack,
but that is at an end now. 1 had spent
my money recklessly among my male
friends and being short of funds I had to
raise more somehow. These men that I
have led an-i cloihed have now turned
against me, but such is the ingratitude of
this world.
"It is false that I spent my money
among fast women. 1 hate the sex.
There is only one young lady I have any
regard lor and 'Ac is a pure, virtuous trirl
"I have spent my time since July 20 in
this City and in Oakland. Why itneed
not have been difficult to find me, as
nearly eveVy night 1 was in the City Hall
and spent ft "lot of money in saioons on
Market street."
It is said that Scbuller's forgeries will
aggregate $1:2,000.
\Brloultural\ B rloultural ColleK© I>efended.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31.— President
Martin Kellogg of the Htate University, in
a circular just issued as a reply to the
criticisms by farmers ag:iin-t the course of
fifty lectures about to be Riven in the
rural districts, cives a comprehensive ac
count of the work done by the agricultural
department of the university, and to what
i lie college intend? to devote the special
appropriation of $3500 made by the Re
gents Jast June. The report answers the
criticisms made upon the poor showing of
graduate* at Berkeley from the Agricul
tural College.
Junior Cla*s Klectlon.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Aug. 31.— The class
of '93 at the State University elected of
ficers Ibis afternoon for the coming term.
I Evefrett J. Brown was elected president;
Harry Overstreet, first vice-president; Miss
I Griewold, second vice-president; Miss
, Landstrom, treasurer; Jake Claussen, ser
. gpynt-at-arms, and a.ll executive Commit
! tee, consisting of Smith, Thayer, Miss Mc
i Cleave and Mi«s Marchebout. It was
announced tnat Business Manager Baker
of the Blue and Gold had left college. In
consequence, Boegle, Williams and Mott
• were placed in nomination for the posi-
I tion, the election to take place next Thurs
day afternoon.
IMiinl Asylum Open*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31.— Regular
work of the fall term ;it the State Institute
for the Deaf and Dumb and Blind began j
this morning. Three new teachers for the \
ela«*roorns and two new supervisors for I
the manual traiuing department have been
secured. These new tutors are Miss
Harriet. Good, Miss Cornelia Good, Miss
Cordelia Bennett, Walter Newman ana
Raymond Carroll.
The total enrollment of students thus
far is 220. with the prospect of increasing j
it to 240 by the end of the week.
KuflTragUta' I'reciuct Meeting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31.— The first
meptiDg of the Citizens' Suffrage Society
in Precinct 11 will be held next Thursday
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. William
Keith, on Atherton street. Each person
attending is requested to bring one or
more written objections to woman suf
frage. An attempt will be made to prove
what woman suffrage will mean by prov
ing what it is not.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
CABLE CARS BY
16-HORSEPOWER,
Interrupted Traffic on the
Powell-Street Sys
tem.
ENTAIL TEN DAYS' DELAY
An Accident to the Big Shaft on
the Main Central Wind
ing-Wheel.
IT WAS A VERY BAD BREAK
A Large Number of Passengers Incon
venienced by the Stalling
of the Cars.
The Powell-?treet system of cable-car 3
suspended business yesterday morning.
It was not one of those commercial sus
pensions recorded by Braastreets, but the
absolute stoppage of ihe rollins stock
along the lines of Jackson, Powell and
Sacramento streets. It was not that Mr.
Vining's company is "broke," but rather
that a "break" occurred to clojf the
wheels of transportation.
The entire system is centered at the
Washington and Mason streets power
bouse, where six "winders" or wheels
twenty feet in diameter receive the cables
and disburse them.
As Superintendent Skinner pats it,
"These are tigure-S wheels. The cables
come in, pa?s over one wheel, then
under the other and come back and go
under the first one, making a complete
figure 8."
There are three sets of these wheels, and
the trounle yesterday occurred with the
rear one of the middle set. The eieven
inch steel shaft running through the rear
wheels like an axle snapped off short, and
but for the hold the three iront wheels
had of tLe cables the cars of the company
on the different elevations throughout
their course woula have put in a inos>t
territic run to the level, no doubt resulting
in much injury and death.
There is no telling what caused the
breakage of the shaft. It may have been
the crystalization of the metal, or that a
Haw caused the rupture. This will be de
veloped later on, when the broken parts
will have been removed for examination.
In the meantime the Union Iron Works
have start eel in making a new shaft and
even by working dou We shifts, night and
day, Chief En-ieecr Charles Kaiirhan be
lieves that the system will not be ready
for opera uou in less than ten days.
When tb« % shaft broke yesterday there
were twenty-nine cars running on Jack
son street, twelve on Powell street and
twenty-eight on Sacramento s-trc-t. These
were mostly at the foot of the different
grades and not until midnight were they
hauled back. \o the carahopa by v team of
sixteen horses.
The breakage will not interfere with the
running oi Uie Cliff House cars from Cen
tral avenue, and until the line resumes
operation the company will run cars to
the i-ark every fifteen minutes.
The greatest inconvenience suffered by
the public on account of yesterday's breaK
will bo ielt by those residents on West
Jackson street* ana l'acilic avenue. The
North Beach passengers still have access
to their homed by way of the Third and
Kearney streets electric-cars.
There will also be some I.jO conductors
and gripmen lelt without employment for
two weeks-
CAPTURE OF FISH NETS,
Deputy Commissioner Davis Sur
prised the Fishermen of
Rio Vista.
S:x Laree Nets and Two Boats Cdd
fiscated—Oregon Deer Hides Seized
in This City.
Deputy J. H. Davis of the l'ish Com
mission made a very successful capture of
fishing nets and boats last Bandar morn
in? near Rio Vista. Secretary Fletcher
of the commission received a letter yes
terday from Davis, which stated that on
Sunday morning, while the launch Hust
ler was steaming along the Sacramento
River, near Rio Vista, be spied two fish
ing boat?, the occupants of which made
their escape in the tules when tiey paw
ihe launch steaming toward them. The
boats captured had Elliott's taps on tliem,
and the deputy was greatly surprised when
he discovered t is fact. Last year Elliott,
who resides at Rio Vista, made a special
visit to the Fish Commissioner's rooms,
in the Flood building, where ha made ail
urgent request for the appointment of a
man named Kalber of Rio Vi3ta as a
Deputy fr'ish Commissioner. Eliioit said
that the laws were being grossly violated
in the vicinity of. Rio Vista, and that if
Kalber were appointed an officer of the
commission several arrests would certainly
result.
Tbe commissioners did not follow
Elliott's advice, but instead they detailed
a deputy from this City to look after the
tran?gresFor.« of the law in the neichbor
hood of Rio Vi«ta and as a result several
nets were captured.
Secretary Fletcher is of the opinion that
if the Commissioners had appointed
Kaiber a deputy Elliot would have a very
good opportunity of catching salmon
during times when their capture by means
ot nets is prohibited.
As Deputy Davis and his crew were on
their way down the river to Collinsville
withtbe'two boats ana nets tney seized
near Rio Vista they picked up a third net
which the owner* left behind in the river
as Boon as they discerned danger in sight.
The confiscated property was given in
change of the Justice of the Peace at Col
iinsville to be held as evidence.
On Monday morning Davis made an
other capture of three set nets in Suisun
Bay which were anchored with railroad
iron. These were also turned over to the
proper authorities. The Fish Commis
sioners are very proud of having such a
fearless and Industrious officer as Davis
unquestionably is in their employ, and as
he understands the language of the fisher
men who ply their vocation on the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers it is expect
ed ttiat many seizures of nets will be re
ported this year.
Deputy Al Wilson returned on Sunday
evening from Rio Vista with four striped
bass which were intended for the fish ex
hibit at the Pavilion. The largest of the
tish, a twelve-pound bass, died on the
journey down, but the others were safely
tanked at the Pavilion. As the striped
bass is a most difficult fish to keep in
captivity the commissioners are hoping
that those now on exhibition will live
until the fair is over.
A deputy of the commission seized five
large bales of deer hides la«t week which
were shipped from Coos Bay, Or., to a
commission-house ia this City. The skins
are of the variety commonly known as the
! mule deer, an animal which is fast disap
pearing irom sight because of the ruthless
slaughter which is being waged on them
by professional hunters.
MR. ESTEE'S WORDS.
"The Examiner" Reproved for Trying 1 to Warp Them From
Their True Meaning.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: In Sunday's Examiner I find the
following statement reported to have been made by me in my speech at the Audito
rium on .Saturday evening last:
"That in this country wealth is kinfj in peace, and in war."
I did not make that statement either in letter or in spirit. What I did say, and
what a copy of my speech which the Examiner had in its possession will disclose, is
the following:
"The Debt-paying Power of This Nation."
All over the world every producer is looking ior a market for his products. Every
human being is looking for something to do. Commercial and financial success is the
highest achievement of this age. And so we must have protection or we will have
cheap labor. Cheap labor is never intellieent labor, and all Americans must be
intelligent or tins Republic cannot stand. This is the price we pay for liberty. Who
can oDject to it?
The strength of a nation in peace and in war is no longer measured by the num
bers of its soldiers. Its debt-payine power is its strength. Wealth is king in peace
and in war. During Mr. Harrison's administration of four years, and immediately
preceding Mr. Cleveland's, we paid on the principal of the National indebtedness two
hundred and thirty-six millions of dollars. Daring the tir>t three years of Mr. Cleve
land's administration the National indebtedness was increased two hundred and sixty
two millions of dollars. This was not an accident." * * *
That is what I said and all I said relative to the power of wealth. The context
indicates that the use of the expression so objected to by the Examiner does not relate
to the point which that journal is striving to make and no intelligent, fair or truthful
criticism of my Epeech could possibly sustain the position taken by that paper.
What T said in words and in spirit was that iv modern times it was the wealth of
a nation and not the number of its soldiers that gave it strength, and none but the
most unfair and untruthful partisan criticism could construe it in any other light.
Yours, M. M. Estke.
San Francisco, August 31, 1396.
A Minister's llesigniitlon.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Aug. 31.— Rev. H. E. j
J. Ongerth has resipn^d his position of
minister to the West End Lutheran |
Church. He gives as his reasons for re
signing his failing health and overwork as
vrofessor of German in the Alameda High
School and the State University.
The church wa-> formed by Rev. Ongerth,
who will continue to act as pastor until
his successor is ejected and installed.
A Mining Corporation.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Aug. 31.— The Won
der Mining and Milling Company has in
corporated, for the purpose of buying and
selling land i.nd engaging genrrally in a
mining and niillni^ business. The direc
tors are: J. C. Linderman, Hubert W.
Linderman, Fred Linderman. John M.
ilaskell and J. N. Barstow, all of this city.
The place of business will be at Big Oak
Fiat, Tuolumne County.
Ike ltottomly Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— Ike Bot
tom ly and Thoma-f Foster were driving
<lu\\ n Broadway to-nieht when they col
lided with .1 water cart and were both
thrown violently to the ground. Bottom ly
was badly cut on the head, and Foster is
at the Receiving Hospital unconscious
from concussion of the brain.
The Lot IVn<» Mortgaged.
J. A. Miller, 960 Mission street, swore to a 1
complaint yesterday charging M. W. Connor
with obtaining" money by false pretenses.
Miller stated that Connor induced him to buy
Riot in the T.Hkeview Tract.' which, lie Mid,
was unencumbered, and in exchange ho Rave
Connor n. promissory note for $(17 00, a book
case worth (50 and a hatrack worth (90. He
declares that he afterward found the lot was
mortgaged to its full value.
The Bishop of Bedford avers that East
Jjomton district contains a population of a
million and a half, nearly all poor. From
this statement some idea will be had of
iho vastness of the work the clergy aro
called upon to perform. The difficulty of
raising funds for so great a work, is very
great.
ESTEE CALLS IT
A DIRTY METHOD,
Indignant at the Perver
sion of His Recent
Speech. .
IS WORSE THAN A LIE
Had Said That Labor Is This
Country's Only Source
of Wealth.
WAS MALICIOUSLY MISQUOTED
Explains What He Did Siy and How
"The Examiner" Segregated
His Words.
Morris M. Estee is wrath at the way the
Examiner has perverted the meaning of
his recent public speech by singling out,
changing and laying btress upon a partic
ular expression calculated iv its altered
form to mislead the public and injure the
cause of Republicanism.
He characterizes the method employed
by the Examiner as the most dirty,
puerile thing of its kind ever heard of in
partisan politics; worse than a lie, because
it tells a very little truth without the
context in order to present a very big lie
and deceive the public.
Mr. Estee has sent for publication a
communication explanatory of what he
actually did say a :<J what h<* meant.
Asked last night if he had anything to
say in addition to what appeared in this
letter, he said:
"Only this— that the whole tenor of my
speech was, so far as protection went to
show it, that in a free country we must
elevate Jabor; and we must elevate labor
in America, because the laborers must be
more intelligent than in any other coun
try, and because labor is our only source
of wealth. ■
"In my speech 1 led up to this subject
by saying that 'labor is our only capital.'
I then said, 'The strength of a nation in
peace or in war is no longer measured by
the number of its soldiers. Its debt-pay ing
power is its strength, that is, its power to
earn, to accumulate.
"And i said we Could have no debt-pay
ing power except from well-protected
labor. I did follow the preceding expres
sion by saying, 'Wealth is k iti in peace
and in war,' but I immediately added
that under Harrison's administration we
had paid $ 236,000,000 of the National debt;
I thai under Cleveland's we hud run in debt
'■ 100,000; thus illustrating the thcusht
that under one administration we had
protection, we accumulated wealth, the
people were prosperous and the Nation
great, and under the other the people
were not prosperous, the Nation ran in
debt and thus was incapable of defense in
war or of business success in peace."
Mr. Estee then went on to say that the
thought of the context of that garbled and
maliciously distorted sentence must be
clear to every intelligent mind. "No
listener at my meeting," he added, "mis
understood me, and they hea/tily ap
plauded the sentiment.
"I would not change either the thought
or the expression of that speech if I
, could."
KEW TO-DAT— GOODS.
GREAT CLOSIHG-OUT SHE!
$300,000 WORTH
O3P 1 — : ■ — -
DRY GOODS, CLOAKS I FANCY GOODS
TO BE SACRIFICED!
The EXTRAORDINARY MAGNITUDE of the stock to be dis-
posed of necessitates the TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE that is
attracting the attention and trade of every one to our Great
Closing-out Sale, which opens its second week with the following
and many other equally
REMARKABLE BARGAINS!
BLANKETS! BLANKETS! | LINEN SPECIALS !
10-4 WHITE BLANKETS, soft 50 pieces HEAVY GRADE CREAM
and fluffy, well made and XKn DAMASK. CO inches wide, the A(\
durable. Sale price t/tHj 55c quality, on sale at l ±\J(j
11-4 HEAVY WHITE BLANK- . t>t
ETS, (36 inches wide, strong 4 case BLEACHED TABLE DAM-
solid fabric, value for $_'. Q1 OX ASK, 59 inches wide, the 35c £)A rt
Sale price ♦?-*-•"" grade, on sale at Z\)G
& O nlafea d t c :." e .^."± §2.25 valuer gfa'^oSaalea": 55C
11-4 FINE OREGON LAMB'S- 2 case* EXTRA WIDE fT'MVCm
WOOL BLANKETS, .light. CREAM "TABLE DAMASK
ll i^iV Der n Ct> C ,° S K l ° n ' a 6 ,S4 75 pure Insh linep " so " "^sh, the - - rt
$bl2)£. On sale «p*x. •" [ 75c grade, on sale at .....DDC
12-4 EXTRA GRADE ORE-
GON LAMB' WOOL 150 pieces IRISH LINEN ROLLER-
BLANKETS, a very choice ING, 17 inches wide, twilled,
fabric, value for $9 50. On Of* (\(\ ' fully bleached, was 10c a yard /»1_
sale at Q\).\J\J on sale at [ D4C
C LAMB'S-WOOL BLANK- 150 dozen DAMASK TOWELS, size
ETS, the finest fabric turned 18x38 inches, pure flax, close 1 X/>
out, made in the Mission weave— a great value at ±O\j
mills, deep ribbon binding, Qi A (\(\
were $15 a pair. On sale at..Vil/.VV r vrn a o .
EXTRAS !
bXTRAS . A case SUPERIOR grade
All our jfANCY~BTRIPED BLEACHED MUSLIN, 36
SHIRRED CREPON inches wide, equal fto Fruit of £M /*
GINGHAMS, that were R- the Loom, on sal a at. . 0 4 C
12#c to bo placed on sale at DC Not sold to th e trade.
(Not sold todealera.) I cases NICE GR — wHx T B
5 cases HIGH-GRADE TEN- SHAKER FLANNEL, on Bale C-
NIS FLANNELS, the 7^c ~ fl at... OC
fine close grade. On sale at. OL Not sold to the trade.
(/(/ Mcl Street, corner el hm t /
RAILROAD TRAVH.:
MILL VALLEY All BOCIT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY.
ON AND AFTKB THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, j
train will connect with North Pacific Coast |
Kail road as follows: Week Days leave San I'rati- i
Cisco 11:45 a. ii.; returning arrive in Fran- ;
Cisco p.m. Sunday: l.cave San Francisco 9 ,
"a. m. »n 1 1 :30 p. m. : r»rnrniDB arrive In San Fran- j
cisco 8:80 and 6:80 p. m. Tickets can be secured :
in advance of
THUS. COOK & SON, 621 Market st.
SMFRAXCISCO & KORTfI Pi.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:31
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. if Thursday.-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. n. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:ss I
and 11:30 p. x.
SUNDAYS-? 9:30, 11:00 a. ic; 1:30, 3:3*
d:00, 6:20 p. m.
San KnTael to San Franc
WEEK DAYS-C:l5. 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a. it.
12:45 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Satunlays-Kitra
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 P. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:^5, <i:.it>, 11:10 A. M - : 1:40, 3:4 *
6:00, 6:25 p. v.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen lark saint
■chednle as above.
.Ban Francisco. | j[°*7'« San Franciica
Wkk.k I Sun- i De s I .| n ' a \ . -J «Sun- I wan
JDAVB. PACT, l"*"""^ BiYs, ! Davi
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40~ah B:4uT7ii
8:30 pm 0:30 am I'etaluma, 0:0.1 pm 10:10 km.
6:10 1-m 5:00 Sp.rta Rosa. 7:30 PMi 0:15 PM
! Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:10 am
iHealdsburg,
IQeyaervllle,
8:30 FM 7:30 am! Clbvi-nlale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I l'iela, j
7:80 am 1 Hopland & 10:10 am I
8:30 pm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 10:10 am
7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:80 pm| 6:15 pm
7:80 aM 7:30 am! Sonoma 1 10:40 am; 8:40 AM
-, I ■• • v and
6:10 PM 5:00 pm; <Sl«>n Kllen. I 6:05 pm -6:15
7:30 am|7:3o AMI ,, tono i 110:40 am|10:10 am
8:30rMi5:00 SebMtt> P° l - I 0:06 fm| 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Ceysprville for Ska?gs Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Krlseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport; at
Bopland for ijikeport and Bartlett fiprings: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blno
l*kes, Lnurel Dell Lake, Upper I»k». Porno, Pottef
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Uerley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanherlrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot springs. MendoclDO City,
Tort Bragg, \V>stport, Usal, Wllieis. Cahto, c«>
Ttio, Laytonvillp. Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
(Met.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to ail uoinu be-
yond San Rafael nt half rates.
Ticket OfHcPs, 650 Market St., Chronicle hnildlng,
B. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Ren. Vasa. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^^pf*^
Trains leave and arrlva M Rtef^Sw^^w^r^loß
Markei-Struot Ferry. '^j^^^^^l
SANTA EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. A ? ' . \S£gj^fs^j[ljQ
leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying 1 ulnuan
Palace Drawing-room pera, also Modern Ip,
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean lin«n
and bedding and in charge ol a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Acne* can
for Denver and s;. Louis.
Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas. City, Chicaeo, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave evory Wednesday.
The best railway from "California to tbe East.
New rails, new lie*: no dust; interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office-844 Market Street,
Chronicle Kuiitllng.
Telephone M»i«. 1631. _^^
H'lj iil r V 1:1: 1 " s ° r0 Tnroat, Pimples, Ccr^er-SB
3ljnA"" lUU -colored Spots, Aches. Old Eore?.Rß
MMUlcers in Mouth. BBtv-Valllasi "Write C'OOB.g
Lg3;i:>;^i> V CO., GOT lL.mor.ie Temple^
QHUhicaRD, 111., lor proofs of care?, t'api-gi
S.'iOO.OOO. " Worst cose: cured in li*
flHlo S."» days. ICO-pa>ce book <Ye«. yf>
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
BOUTUIIRK I'AVIVtV COMPANY.
iTAOiriG SYSTEM.)
Trnlm I«i%to i\ml i»i*o duo In nrrlre at
BAM FBASCIBVO.
!EAVE — I'IIMSI JCXE7. ISSC — ARRIVI
•6:OO* Kilts, BanJoM and Way iSUUous... M:4sa
7:«O* Atlantic Express, Og.leu mil Kurt.. «•«»»
7:00 a Beaieb, Vnciv ille. Ramsey, Sacra-
mebto, OroTille and Iteddins vis
Ujtis 8:4 ■->
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
tocaanil K?tira llo?.i C:l3r
8:»0a Jfilea, ,San .lone, Btookton, lono.
Bammeafcx Marmville and Iteii
Ulnß 4:i."ip
•S:3o\ Teters and Jlilton «7:15»
3:<m»a Los Anjelcs Exprets, Fresno, Santa
Barbara anil I.o« Ai!gele3 4:4!>»
«:OOa Martinez ami Stockton 11:43 a
!»:00a VaUejo «:lSr
l:OOp Nlles, San Jose and I.iveiMore 8:15.\
•I:OOp Sacramento Rirer Steamers "OiOOf
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43»
4iooi> Martinez, San Itatnoii. Vallrjo, '
Nai-a, Oalistoga, JU Terauo uai
Santa Kos.-\ »ll8 A
«i«Orß«niqla, VacßTille, Wnivlimid,
Knights l.iiinl::ig, Marys Till&,
Oro7illa ami Sacramento 19:45 a
<I:80p Nl!p3. San Jose, 1-ivennere and
Stockton 7ilBr
: 4:30r Merced, Burundi, Kaymond (for
Yosemite) and Frea-io 1 I:4Aa
sjoor New Orleans Dri.r.Tß.lrcsnu.lJakera- .
<MM, Bartn i:.irW...1. ( Angeiet
Denting, Xl l'uo, Now Orleans ana
Sast l*il A a
SiOOp Banta IV lloille, Atlantic I^prees
for AJoja»o and i:»3t T 1C:1.1a
3:OOpVcllejo Hi43a
•»:0«i- J'.nrcToan Ma^l, Ogrfeii end I'.ast O: S3a
«:lIOi- HaywHrds, NiUsand San Jose 7:C.V\
{7:o<H' Vallejo t~ '*sr
7:0(n- Onion KipreM,Bacr:iniento, Marys-
{ villi!. Banding, L'ort!ai:d, l'titot
I Simi-.d ami Kast . . lU:45\
SANTA <lUZ ».IV1».:ON (Xarro»T(ir.UK(>;.
' J7:43a Santa i.'ruz Kxeoa I h<anta Cruz
and Vrincipal Way Stations }B:*l>*
8 1 15 v NL'ir.irk.Oiitrrrillr.San.lose.roltoi),
I Sou I Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Htation* Oi!sBf
•S:lsr K^^rark, OeiLertUlo, !Saii Jose. New
Altiiador, l-'clton, nonlder Creclc,
(Santa Cruz ami l'rincipal Way
Statious *ll:an\
|l:13»» Newark. San -li.so and l.oi (; : i1n«.... <jitz7LQ\
COAST 1)1 \~iM«T.\ (Iliinl X loirnspnd Sis.)
"•<»:4»A Shu .)oso ami Way Htntlnnt (New
Almaden We<lce3day3 onl;) , . 9:47*
37i30a Sunday Kicursion for San Jos*y
Santa Cruz. PaciSc GroTe, ana
Principal Way Stations }f:33F
■<ISa Ban .ioso, Tiuh J'inog, Sitnta Cru^
l *aclllc Orove. Taso lioVies, Sac
J iis <)!>!>;>>. Ouailalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Sli.t!,,ns 7--0»p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3or
I«:(Oa .San Jo— sad Way Stations S:OOp
I 1:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
•2:30r Ban Mateo, Menlo Park. Han Jos*-
Qilroy, Tres Finos, Banta Cms,
S.ilinas,Sl«mterey nndPaciticCioro *IQ:4Oa
*3:30p San Jose; Pacific Grovo and Way
Stations "l;30f
•4:8 Op San Jose *nd Way Stations •n;«<i»
3:30p SauJose and Principal Way Stations *B:4*a
0:30 p Ran Jose and Way Stations «::sr>*
11 1 :«.•»!• San Josh mi.l "Way Stations ♦7;43i»
| SAX IiKAM»K(> A.M> HAYWARDs LO« Al,.
! (•G:00a1 ■ ( 7Ti"Sa
■.:■}■■>■. . I i«:*r»A
! ,g;SSt Melrw.SemlwirPark, Vi^i
'"•2«p ntdiborg,S*aLe»ndro "/jUgJ
«;g«P H. y w.rd,. , .*«;
7:«0p *! X:4.l*
••loo!' | * Runt tV rough to Nltet. io!.-joj
ttH:l3p; «grom>ile3. \HI2:O0 t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from 81H mSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9.00 11:00 a.M. tWO *2:00 }3:0 l
•1:00 tB:CO »C:o3rji.
: from O'.KLASR-»oot ef 3rMdTij.— *6:00 8:0«
10:00*.m. *;:.:: '1:00. "18:00 , »3:00 : i ::
*;:QQP.M. "• —
A for Kcniiug. P for Afternoon.
: * Sundays excepted. t Saturdays onlj)
t Sundays flily.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ ur' jy-i and Sundays for Santa Crux.
; % Bundajrs and Mondays from Santa Cms.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Niiusalitn Ferry).
IV-m San 1 rttCisco. iromm^BClllg June 15, 1893.
WKEKDAYS. j
! For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *Btoo
•9:15 10:10, 11:15, a. m.; -1:15, 3:20, 4:13,
6:16, *b:OU. 6:Hj p. it.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednea-
aay» and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m.
; SUNDAYS.
; For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, »9:00
•10:00, 11:30 a. m. **ia:3t). :30, *2:15, •4-.OQ,
6:30.6:45,8:30 p.m. Kitr-t trip to Hautalico ac
11 :00 a. it. I :
, Trains marked * run to San Qnentla. ••12:30
F. M. does notirnn to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Keyes ana way stations— 9 a. m.
Sundays. I ...
For Point Reyes, Cazadero and way atMIOIU-*
8;U0 a. v. Sundays; 1:45 r. m. weekda/s.
. .■ .. . -.-.
910
"OPEN MILLS, NOT OPEN MINTS."
McCALL'S STOLEN
CROWN OF THORNS.
: Massachusetts' Eloquent
Congressman Will
Speak To-Night.
REASON TO THE FRONT.
National Congressional Commit
teeman Apsley Will Ad
dress the Meeting.
THEIR WORK IN COLORADO.
They Bearded the Lion in Hs Den
and Held Overflow Meetings in
Two Places There.
Congressman S. W. McCall of Massa
chusetts and L. D. Apsley of the same
State, vice-chairman of the Republican
National Congressional Committee, will
speak on the issues oi the campaign this
evening at the Auditorium, corner of
Eddy and Jones streets.
Congressman McCall has achieved great
reputation as a speaker. He represents
the Eighth District of Massachusetts, in
Tvliich Harvard College is situated, ana is
the originator of the expression, "press
ing a crown of thorns upon the brow of
tabor," which expression was stolen by
Bryan, and used by him with great eclat
at Chicago.
Mr. McCall is a forceful and logical
Bpeaker, and has but few equals in the
■United states. He and Mr. Apsley
j "bearded the silver lion in his den. and had
overflow meetings in Colorado Springs
mi i Colorado City, at which they were
granted not only respectful attention, but
liberal applause. This arose frutn the
fact, that more than one half of both
audiences were Republicans and snpport
• ers ; oi McKinley and protection to Ameri
can labor.
The meeting to-ni?ht will be held under
• of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. Geori_-e A. Knight will
le. The gallery will be reserved for
i< s ;ind Their escorts.
i be executive committee of the National
o Republican Leacue will meet this evening
pi Uifijr headquarters. Pioneer building*
1' -mess of importance will be transacted
ai d all the members are requested to
- attend.
Tiij executive cornmit;ee of the Repub
lican state Central Committee will hold
a meeting at tiie latter end of this week
• r the purpose of filling the vacancy on
tne elect or;il ticket.
Francis A. Ti-^, ox- 1") strict Attorney of j
&fadera County] one of the brightest lavr
:i Central California, was in the City j
He expressed the opinion that j
Madera County would give a majority for !
M< Kin ley and protection. The raisin.
. growers, sheepmen and laborers in thar
part of the country have been impover
isfaed by the Wilson act and tiiey declare !
that they cave had enough of Democratic i
Bnancerlng. A few of the gold-miners in
the' mountains in that county are for free '
coinage of silver, and state astheir reason
that the increase in the number of silver I
dollar- will send gold to a premium, and !
that they would benefit in that way.
That explains the paradox of a gold miner
being in favor of the unlimited coinage of '
silver with gold at a ratio which almost
o doubles the value of silver.
AFRO-AMERICANS.
Enthusiastic Meeting: of Colored
Republicans Who Are for Pro
tection and McKlnley.
The Afro-AmVrican League held a spe
cial meeting last n'gbt in California Hail,
and there was a large attendance, a num
ber of ladies being present. T. B. Morton
presided and Abraham Strother occupied [
the secretary's desk. During the evening
there was distributed to those present
some campaign literature.
President Morton stated that on the |
14th inst. there will be a grand rally of
the Afro-American League in the Wig
wam, when the campaign would be !
opened.
W. B. Henderson, who was the leader of
the San Francisco delegation to the con
gress that met in Los Angeles lately, was
presented, and he gave an account of what
was done there, as has aiready been re
ported by telegraph, tie spoke of some
individuals who sought to prejudice the
3 convention against T. B. Morton, and said
they wanted to have the league not dp
claro for any candidate for the Presidency.
Mr. James of Alameda, who was a dele
gate to the congress; who was called "a
black sheep" because he had the manhood
to stand up as an American citizen and
vote and act as he thought was just, maJe
a short address.
The president made an address in which
he reviewed the acts of a certain element
in the Los Angeles congress which was
designated as the "hoodlum element,"
and then called attention to the fact that
one E. J. Jackson had declared that he
(the speaker) was not a leader of the col
ored votes. In refutation of this aceiisa
'ii)ii he read a document, of which the fol
lowing is a copy:
Pan FHANCisro. Aueust 10, 1891.
Tothr J?i-jivbh'can County Committee—■(Jentle
.vi.v: Hie colored citizens of the City and
County of San KranciM i> in inass-nu-etinK as
tseinbled at Germania Hall, OHO Bush street on
the above date, have indorsed T. B. .Morton to
represent the colored voters with the Kepubli
ean managers. Mr. Morton bu been very en
ergetic in conclliatiiifc the indppendentcoiored
voters, as well us a tew Democratic voter*, and
in consideration oi the above we have selected
him a- a leader among our people. We feel
assured that no man among our people could
bring more strength and harmony in our
ranks ;hai> the gentleman we have selected
and present t>> you tor your acceptunce.
After the above selection was made T. B.
Morton requested the citizens to organize a
Republican cJub, which at his request was im
mediately done.
ALLIANCE HOME AGAIN.
The President Denies a Story
About the Trip.
OAKLAND, Cal., Ang. 31.— The Repub
lican Alliance is highly incensed at a dis
paich from Los Angeles published in to
day's Examiner. George P. Morrow, pres
° ident of the alliance, who is quoted in the
article as> saying that he was so angry that
be would not go into the pavilion, denies
the statement. The Alliance made a great
run back to Oakland and landed this
morning right on time. They wer* de
lighted with their trip, and intend to pass
resolutions thank ing Conductor Lou Mar
tin for his efforts in making the large party
comfortable.
To-night President Morrow sent the fol
lowing dispatch to F. P. Flint, chairman
of the committee at Loa Angeles:
To-day's Examiner has an article evidently
Inspired by the Herald. Not a word oi truth
•■ in it. we were nicely treated. We did not
simply lor n rool time. We did go to help
tin; cause of Republicanism. We believe we
have. Get in and work. We believe in the
ultimate triumph of decency, common-sense
and Jove of one's country. Summed up in oue
word, that is McKinley."
GbobseP. Mokrow, President.
In th«< Forty- First.
The McKinley Club Drill Corps of the
Forty-first Assembly District was organ
ized la«t evening at Pixiey Hall, Polk and
Pacific streets, and the following tem
porary officers were elected: Captain. J.
L. Hanna; first lieutenant, Warren Dib
ble; second lieutenant, J. B. Stevenson;
first sergeant, H. V. Sagehorn; second ser
geant, S. Schweitzer; leader of drum
corps, J. C. Stevenson Jr. ; serretary, L. V.
Storn. ; enrolling committee — R. Brown,
J. G. Harding, Louis Smith, J. Henry
Moot, Charles B. Mohr, D. W. Ruggles,
William R. Nixon, B. Fehnemann, J. W.
Reinleld, William Hanna. Arrangements
were perfected for a mandolin and singing
(juartet.
luglcside Club.
The Ingleside Repubiican Club will hold
a grand rally this evening at Comstock's
Hall, Inizleside. This club is doing good
work for McKinley and protection, and its
meetings have always been well attended
ami t'nthnsiastic. Dr. Young is president
and Ned Dennis secretary.
A CHILD HELD FOR RENT
Mrs. .lane I>o\v Will Kcpp Mrs. Flora
Boyce'a Baby Until Mie Pays Her
Hoard Hill.
Some weeks ago Mrs. Flora Royce, an
actress in the People's Palace, placed her
two children with Mrs. Jane Dow, 329
Kansch street. She agreed to pay $18 per
month for their board and lodging. All
went well till a week or two ago, when
Mrs. Rovce fell into arrears to the extent
of $•;.
Mrs. Dow had been pressing Mrs. Royce
for the money, and Friday night she went
to her and promised to pay the amount in
a few days. Mrs. Dow refused to board
the children any longer, and against the
protestations of Mrs. Royce kept one of
the children and its clothing as security
for the $G.
Mrs. Royce consulted with her friends,
and they advised her to procure a search
warrant to regain possession of her child.
She appeared before Judge Low yesterday,
but the Judge, after hearnii: her story,
told her he very much regretted he could
not oblige her with a search warrant.
SUNFLOWER'S INVITATION
His Audience Asked to Attend
His Trial in the Police
Court.
I The Alleged Obstructor of the Streets
Addresses a Lirge Open-Air
Meeting.
"I invite you all to come and see a free
i man in a free country tried like a criminal
for exorcising his inalienable right of free
speech."
Thus did Charles D. Sunflower address
: a crowded open-air audience last night on
j Pine street, just below its intersection
with Kearny. The sidewalks were kept
clear, but the middle of the street was
i closely packed. Though applause was fre-
I quent and enthusiasm manifest the throng
i was at least as orderly as the average
| audience in any theater or lecture-hall.
I Now and then a policeman would glance
; at the assemblage from an adjacent street
] corner, but the meeting was not disturbed
' nor the speaker in any way molested by
I the minions of the law.
"Yes, gentlemen," went on Sunflower.
; "lam a prisoner at large, so to speak,
simply because I am a Socialist, and be
cause I did what I had a right to do. If !
free speech be a crime, then I am a crim- j
inal. and a self-confessed one; but if Mich
be the case, then let all lovers of freedom I
«eek some other land where tr If can ue
free in fact as well as in name. Come on
Thursday, all ot you, and see a free man
i tried for saying what be thought — or
! rather for thinking alone, since 1 was ar
! rested at the 'siJent meeting' last Bator
\ day near the Odd Fellows' hall. Oil that
, this land were truly tree."
Able addresses were also delivered by E.
I. Kingsley, the Socialist nominee * tor :
i Con>;reb3, George Si eed and Mark Leites.
■ The last named speaker took occasion to
dwell at some length upon The Call's im
partial treatment of the recent conflict
; between the Socialists and the police au- i
! thorities.
"I fail to understand the attitude of the j
! other papers," he observed. "The Call
i alone has bandied our late difficulty with
j courtesy and consideration. Its reports of
the various phases of the affair have been
full and accurate, and I have reason and
I authority for 'saying that the Socialist
I Labor party, while not surprised at Thk
Call's dignified and fair treatment, is
j most grateful for it."
Yesterday morning the five Socialists
i arrested on Saturday night came up for
i trial in Judge Conlan's court. The first
i case was that of Sunflower, who de
manded a jury trial. His attorney, Mr.
: Haskell, gave as a reason tor this demand
j the fact that his client feared that if tried
| by the Judge alone he might be acquitted,
; whereas it was desired to appeal tne cases
to the Supreme Court fur final adjudica
tion. The demand was allowed and the
cases continued until Thursday of this
| week.
The campaign committee has made ar
| rangements for meetings every evening
j during each week, as follows: * Sundays,
corner of Market and Dupont and at the
I Pythian Castle; Mondays, corner of Pine
and Kearny streets; Tuesdays and Thurs
days, Sixth and Folsom sire<;i3 and Ninth
and Howard streets; Wednesdays, Fourth
and Jessie streets and at the Turk-street
Temple; Fridays, corner of Franklin and
.fag*- streets; Saturdays, corner of Seventh
and Market streets.
Reports from the various sections
throughout the City and State are must
encouraging. Several thousand sitna
tur^s have been obtained to the petition
asking that the names of the Socialist can
didates be placed on the official ballots,
and the party's prospects seem to be
bright.
FALL OPENING
Of French pattern hats and bonnets, Sept. Ist
at M. J. Stacom's. 531 Sutter st. No cards. •
Populists to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31—The West
Berkeley Populists will hold a mass-meet
ing at Sisterna Hall to-morrow evening
Before the meeting there will be a torch*
litrht parade and drill by the Zouave
League of Oakland. The Following pro
gramme for the meeting has been out
lined: Speech, "People's Party Platform "
Green Majors of Alameda; speech, "The
Silver Question," Burdett Cornell; sonc,
"The Star-spangled Banner;" speech]
"TbeSt, Louis Convention," J. C. Buttner'.
Much Water Wasted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31.-The com
mittee on buiidings and grounds at the
State University have had their attention
called to the vast waste of water on the
gardens and the waste of money for water
that was never used. Regent John E.
Budd stated yesterday that the university
has been paying, under contract with the
Aiameda Water Company, for 42 per cent
more water than it used.
OLoans on diamonds, luterest, low. At Uncle
UArrls'i 16 Grant avtnim
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
REPUBLICANS
RALLY IN LORIN
Crowded and Enthusiastic
Meeting in Lorin
Hall.
TRUSTEE MARTIN TALKS
His Lucid Explanation of His
Conversion to McKinley
Principles.
OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS.
The Agricultural College Defended, j
Blind Asy urn Opens— The
Suffragists.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 31.— The Re
publicans of Lorin held a grand rally to
night at Lorin Hall, on Alcatraz avenue.
The hall was crowded to overflowing,
JOHN MARTIN of Berkeley, Who Has Been for Twenty Years a
Democrat, and Who Delivered a Republican Speech at Lorin
Last Night.
many among the audience beinu ladies.
Addresses were made by Judge William
! Lain Hill. Hon. S. P.Hafl and Town Trus
; tee Martin, whose conversion to McKm
: leyism from the ranks of Democracy was
reported in this morning's Call. The ap
pearance of the now convert upon the
, platform called forth long, loud applause.
At the close of his remarks the hall fairly
rang with cheers.
Trustee Martin gave an eloquent pre
sentation oi his reasons for deserting
Demoiracy and becoming a follower of,
the man of Ohio. He declared that his I
tariff views had not changed, hut added: I
"1 cannot support a party which advo
cates the collection of less revenue than is
necessary to \ny our obligations; that
threatens to discourage and disorganize
our entire monetary system ; that advo
cates the supremacy of mobs and riots,
and that proposes to make our court of
la^t resort a convenient tool to act. in
accordance with every vicious whim or
caprice of our Chief Executive or Con
gress."
Trustee Martin vigorously attacked the
recent course of the Democracy, especially
in the passage of the Wilson bill, and
proceeded to declare against the "free
silver craze."
He declared that free coinage would
make a prolit of $19,000,000 a year for
silver mine owners, giving statistics in
substantiation of his statements.
"I do not concede that there can be any
permanent increase in the price of silver
bullion by the proposed legislation," said
Mr. Martin, "nor is ihere any necessity for
an advance in order that the present silver
mine owners may become the Rothchilds
of the world in a few years."
In conclusion, the sneaker made an
eloquent appeal to his bearers' patriotism,
asking for the support of McKinley in
the^ "battle for freedom from insanity,
socialism and anarchism."
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Big Joint Road Kaeo Between Garden
City and Olympic Club*.
Arrangements were made Sunday by
committees of the two clubs interested,
for a big joint road race between members
of the Olympic Club wheelmen and the
Garden Ciiy Cyclers, to be held Sunday
morning, September 20, over a new live
mile course between Milpitas and San
Jose, the finish being on the main road
just where it branches off to the Gish
road leading to San Jose. There will be
three time prizes, twenty place prizes and
a big barbecue near Alum Rock after the
race. The entrance fee will be 50 cents,
returnable to all starters. The handicap
pine will be done by one man lrom each
club in conjunction with the official handi
capper. The gentlemen who are arrang
ing the affair are Captain O'Brien, Secre
tary Desimone, Etnil Lion ar>d Joseph
Jury for the Garden Citys, and George H
Stratton, H. D. HadenieJdt and C. N.
Ravlin for the Olympics. Final arrange
ments will be made at a meeting to be
held on the 9th of this month.
The Liberty Cycling Club could not hold
its roau race last Sunday owing to the
muddy condition of the roads. It will be
run off next Sunday if the conditions ore
favorable.
The North California Division of the
League of American Wheelmen will meet
next Saturday evenine at the rooms of
the Bay City Wheelmen to disouss the
proposed charge by the railroad company
or. wheels as baggage, and other impor
tant matters.
J. L. Allen, local consul of the league at
Mendocino, is in the City visiting friends.
Frank H. Kerriean, president of the
Wheelmen's Municipal League, has called
a special meeting of the league for Thurs
day evening of this week. He has ap
pointed P. J. Hyde of the Golden Gate
Cycling Club chairman of the press, com
mittee, vice H. \V. Scalding resigned.
The annual meeting of the Bay City
Wheelmen will be held this evening at the
clubrooms, 441 Golden Gate avenue.
Entries for the race meets to beheld at
Stockton and San Jose on September 0
close to-morrow with the respective secre
taries of the clubs promoting the meets.
All entries must therefore be forwarded
not later than to-day.
The Garden City Cyclers are making
extra efforts to attract the best racing
men and the San Francisco wheelmen to
their meet. The club has arranged for a
monster smoker and roof-garden party to
be held in the clubrooms after the meet
on the 9th, and there will be a special
train, leaving San Jose that night at V 2
o'clock, to accommodate all who will stay
over. One of the features of the meet will
be the old men's race, limited to memb rs
of the Garden Citys who are over 30 years
of age. The entries thns far are: C. P.
Owens, H. P. Miller, W. W. Lips.tt,
Frank Kuykendall and George Anderson.
Harry .1. Drake, a prominent member of
the club, was in this City yesterday talk
ing up the meet, to the local racing men
and arranging for talent for the party in
the evenine.
HAPLESS CHILDREN.
They Are t. ,• !..  ■: In, Together With
Their Mother, hy Suppression of
Vice UltlcriH.
Mrs, Mary Manchester, who has been
living at 215 Natonm street, near Third,
was arrested yesterday by Secretary
Kane and Officer T. P. Coleman of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice, and
with her three children, aged reflectively
four, six and eight years, were taKen into
custody and carried to the Central police
station. Secretary Kane found that the
three little chitdren were permitted to
roam the streets day and night.
Mr*. Manchester abandoned them yes
terday, and was found in the company of
a man named Aitken. Tne children had
been without food twenty-four hours and
were devoid of necessary clothing and
were ragtred and dirty. Mrs. Manchester
has been the mother of six children, three
of X horn are dead.
A BURGLAR GETS AWAY.
Schoenau Interprets the Noise,
but His Snooting Does
Not Coincide.
H. K. Field's Memory for Faces— The
Education Board Wants 23 Cents
Out of the Next Tax Levy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 31.— Officer
Louis Schoenau surprised a burglar at
work last nicht; and though he did not
catch his man, he saved the owner's prop
erty and obtained a view of the thief for
subsequent identification.
Schoenau was on his beat on Schiller
street, walking toward Railroad avenue
.about 8 o'clock last ni ht, when his atten
tion was arrested by a noise liKe the rais
ing of a window-sash at the rear of the
residence of John Goldstone. He started
in to investigate by climbing over back
yard fences and found his man. But the
burglar bad heard his movements and cot
away. fa
Schoenau gave chase and fired two shots
after the thief, who passed close to two
young ladies, the Misses Pieiffer.
They scrutinize!! the' fellow and will be
able to identify him if he Is arrested. The
stone family, who were at church
suffered no loss from his visit.
A Memory for Faces.
VAIV A 1 Cal., Aug. 31.-H. K.
iMeld of Paru street, well known on account
of his literary ability, has a retentive
memory for faces that he turned to good
account yesterday afternoon. Twelve
months ago the inhabitants oi that neigh
borhood were much incensed at the inde
cent exhibitions that a man named John
Hall was making of himself en the beach
before the children of that quarter. Three
complaints were sworn against him by E.
A. Allen of 717 Paru street In August of
last year and a fourth by Officer Schoenau
in the next month, but he had flown when
tne arrest came to be made and could not
be located. Yesterday afternoon Hall
happened to strike on his old haunts, and
Mr. field kept him in conversation pend
ing th- arrival of a policeman for whom he
had telephoned. The man turned out to
be Hall and i c was lodged in jail. Hall
will demand a trial by jury.
To Race at Stockton.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 31.— The Ala
meda Boating Club will be represented at
btock-ton on Admission day. In the senior
outrigger race Dr. C. C. Dennis, Fred
Avers and S. J. Pembroke will enter ; in
the junior skiffs, E. B. Hadcock and J.
Lewis; and in the barge races, F. Avers
A. C. Webb, W. G. Hanson and E. B
Hadcock.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FREE COINAGE
IS AN UMBRELLA,
L. G. Schroeder Thinks
Silver Hides the
Real Issue.
J. S. STEPHENS' ADDRESS.
Telling Speeches Made at the
Thirty • seventh Dis
trict Club.
"PROTECTION" IS THE SLOGAN.
Graphic Recital of the Atlanta Poli
tician's Plea for Free Coin
age of Pi? Iron.
"There was never a greater American
than James G. Blame; he is recognized
to-day as being the man who was to the
American people what Bismarck is to
Germany and Gladstone is to England."
Such were the introductory words of
Hon. James S. Stephens in his address
delivered before rthe members of the
Thirty-seventh District Republican Club
at Hildebrandt Hail, 430 Hayes street, last
evening.
"And," continued the speaker, 'James j
G. BJaine loved his country. He unoer- j
stood her manifold needs; he knew where !
to find a market for her products, and he j
knew what laws should he framed to place
us in the Lest light befbre the rest of the
civilized world.
"The American people rejected this
noble man for the Presidency and placed
in the executive chair Grover Cleveland,
an owl who has sat on the dried limb of
decadence and hooted calamity from the
morning to the evening of his administra
tion — a man who has oecn rejected by his i
own party and declared to be good for
nothing but fishing for cod or mackerel.
"Yes, and he went in on promises — big
promises, small promises, hoary-headed
promises and promises in the bald-headed
stage. The intention now is to place in the I
seat which he will shortly vacate William I
J. Bryan, who has been on the stump only i
a short time, and yet already has a record j
fur promises that would ti"row Grover's
mt.j the siiade.
"Bryan is not only a promise-maker,
but he is a demagogue, a free-trader, a
Populo-Democrat and the foremost be
liever in the free coinage of silver in the
country. He is a free-silver man, I say,
a free-silver man— one who is willing to
bring on financial anarchy and consequent
chaos in order |to further his own selfish
aims."
With the remark that he would have I
something further to say on this subject at !
another period in his address the speaker
gave a glowing description of the record of
the Republican party, stating that though
it was conservative yet tne list of reforms
inaugurated under its auministration
would make that ot any other part}- sink
into insignificance in comparison. Alter
a review ot the hnancial policy of the Demo
cratic and Republican parties, the speaker
entered upon the issue between free trade
and protection, which he said is the only
important issue before the people.
"It was free trade," he said, "that shut
up the factories and turned the working
men out of their doors. It was free trade
that brought this country where it is now.
The Democrats know this, and this talk |
about free silver is only a subterfuge lo i
cover the real issue beneath a pile of I
words."
Speaking of the opinions he had heard I
individual Democrats express, the lawyer
said a man told him the other day thut
free trade is a good thing and that miinii- :
facturers. should go to Japan where skilled
labor is cheap in order to manufacture
articles cheaply for the American people, j
•Now," he said, "what would the farm- I
ers think of a man who should go to Claus j
Spreckels and tell him that he should not
erect sugar factories in the Salinas Valley
and j,'ive 10,000 farmers employment, but
should go to some other country where
labor is cheap, so that he could sell us all
i cheaper sugar?"
At the conclusion of Stephens' remarks
L. G. Shroeder made a short and fervent
; speech, in which he said the action of the
man who crept behind an umbrella to
avoid a lion formed the precedent of the
i Democrats. All the talk on free silver
,he believed simply a make-believe to
, hide the "abominable failure of free
| traue."
"They had the issue of free trade and
protection in Sweden several years ago
■ and the poor people were for free trade
I because tney believed that tinner protec
i tion flour would be higher. Protection
j won and in three years the country had 37
i per cent more manufactories than they
had before. They were so pleased that
1 they established a protection policy for ten
' years to come."
The speaker then recited with telling ef
fect the argument In favor of the free coin
age of pig iron made by an Atlanta man,
and published in a former issue of The
Call.
E. J. Wolfe then made a few remarks,
after which the following resolution waa
adopted unanimously:
We, the Thirty-seventh District Republican
Club, heartily indorse James Alva Watt and
P. E. McCarthy as County Committeemen
from tueThlriy-scventh District.
TO BE MAKR.D TO-DAY.
Mrs. Grace Peraltn and Karon Burmes-
t««r >liiiuicc.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Aug. 31.— The wed
ding of Mrs. Grace Peralta of this city and
Baron Burmester Maurice of England, Will
be celebrated to-morrow in San Francisco.
It is t»ie result of a remarkable meeting
and romantic courtship antl comes as a
great surprise to the young woman's
friends, which are legion in this city. Mrs.
Peralta is the young and fair widow of the
late F. Peralta who died about a year ago.
She is a member of the famous Peralta
family who held a Spanish land t-'rant here
in the early days. The Baron Maurice is
a member of a noble family and is wealthy.
Acme Election.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 31.— The Acme
Athletic Club held its annual election to
day. The only contest was for positions
on the board of directors, and consequently
the election was a quiet one. The result
is as follows: President, J. J. Allen ; vice
president, T. F. Garrity; secretary. J. P.
Cook; treasurer, C. H. Hawbaker; leader'
Clarence RtaDles; held captain, Henry
Tank; cycle captain, EL E. Revalk;
The successful directors are: A. P.
Swain, C. E. Hannan, George A. Faulk
i ncr and J. V. Bird.
Death of Dr. Noble Martin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— Dr. Noble
j Martin, State Senator of Placer and El
: Dorado counties, died at Berkeley to
night. He was on a visit from Dutch Flat
!to relatives, and although not in good
I nealth. death was not expected.
__, NEW to-pat:
"Ambition
Should Be Made
Of Sterner Stuff"
WHEN YOU REALIZE THAT YOU
' » are not the man you should be at your
age; when you find your manly strength
leavine you, exposing the waste that is
sapping the vitality from your system-
when you have lost your rigor, the snap
ana singer that are the characteristics of
health in young men, you begin to lose
your hold in the world. Your self-confi-
dence is lacking; you lose ambition. Then
it is time to begin to look seriously to
your health. You need just such a rem-
edy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, from
which you can absorb the vitality of
youth. Such a case is to be pitied rather
than condemned. Many a man in this
condition has regained his lost powers and
absorbed new life and energy rri.m the
toning and invigorating current : 'of elec-
tricity that is given to the body by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
I
Manhood Quickly Restored.
Westminster, Orange Co., Cal., )
w . ■' . May IH, 1896.1 :
Dr. a. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: The Kelt which
I boueht from you some time ngo has cured
me. My disease was seminal weakness o! live !
years' standing. i used all kinds of drugs and ■
patent medicines, and whs, when I began '
your treatment, in a very weak condition, i
both from my trouble and the many different
drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your
Belt I found relief, in three weeks a general
improved condition, and I am now entirely
cured. I cannot say too much In praise of your
Belt. Yours truly. __ J. M. IIUBBARD.
Dr. Sanden's Beit Cures Weak Men.
It is interesting for men who have lost
their ambition to read the little book, I
"Three Classes of Men," v. ritten by Dr. I
Sanden. It points out the causes and the '
means of a restoration of health and vigor.
This book can be had by applying at the
oflice, or is sen:, sealed, by mail free on
application. Gall or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; & a. X. i > •
b:3O p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Consultation Free and Invited.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I POI.TLAND, OR.,
-04 South Broadway. j 253 Washington sireac.
NOTARY PUBLIC. ,
fiHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY- AT-
\J l*w and Notary Public, 03$ Market s:., oppa-
uie Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a J.te*ia«n*» ldiJ
iellu. Telephone. u Pin«" -ijJl.
Hi 5
[I] ,-gn- *
.=l] » -Z
1 <». "Takes the Cake*" p=
i__\ fin
M ' is
[Xl ™^ JHHBHT [Gi
[__\ Ha
M You may have '" money to g
g burn/ but even so, you needn't |
i throw it away* For JO cents you |
JO get almost twice as much "Battle i
1 Ax" as you do of other high grades a
5] for the same money* i
SEW TO-DAT. „y J
"SUCHA CIRCUS"-
As We'll Have
This Week in Our
Stationery
Department
JUST "I AC Buys a pound of
MOW II HEAVY WRITING PAPER
JUST .ICC Buys a pound of "HCRD'S"
NOW — O BEST WRITING PAPER
JUST O-C Buys 126 HEAVY ENVELOPES,
NOW O<-> "Irish Linen" or Cream Wove
JUST 1 re Buys a quire of "HI'KD'S"
NOW It) IRISH LINEN— ft sizes ami tlnn
JUsT 1 '>C Buys a box of "Ml(i>'OX "
NOW It) ' SIZEFAPKK-all sharlM
JUST IXC Buysa box of OCTAVO SIZE
>on lt> PAPER— or rough
JUST ')'_)C Buys a box of "HI'KD'S" BtiST
NOW —O —In all tints
JUST(kXC Buys a Ream m™ ~~ —
NOW OO TYPEWRITING PAPER
JUST /'AC Buys 100 VISITING CARDS—
NOW UU including printing
THE "MONOPRESSE" FOR 2 LETTER Q'C
MONOGRAM... . DO
Note.— All styles of Monograms and Engraving
done at short notice.
Don't Miss Our
TEAPOT SALE
This Week.
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER
Expert Cycle Repairing:
FOE THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., S. F.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
THE REGULAR COURSE OF LECTURES
X will begin TUESDAY, September Ist, at 9
a. m.. at me College .Building. Stockton street, near
Chestnut, >an Francisco.
R. A. McLEA.V, M.D., Derm,
305 Kearny street, corner Bush, San Francisco
_____ IRON BEOS;
■^f- "I -*■ BRASS BEDS."
' ? FOLDING BED 3*
■Wire and Hair Ma>
tresses, Keciinin;
. ... , ' Chairs, Wheel Chalri,
T " ' tommodes, Back lltM:i
vUlil c ffiinnf w A * schr ° ck «
l *" l '£. ;Millyyl Sen .Montgomery
7 •*■ 1 __J St., under urand
Uotei, si. Jb\
__m__f vmcox COMPOUND
TrANSYtmLS
R£B Safe and »ure relief, never fail, others
_____ are imitations. At all druggists. Write for
_\\_m Woman's Safeguard FREE.WU.COX .MEDI-
—~ CINS Co., 223 So. Eighth St., Phllada., Pa.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ÜbE I> AMI AN A BITTiiIM, 1d.4
great Mexican Remedy; tdvaa ii**lu» «ut4
btr«ii£Ui to via b«xuai ur^»u*McKINLEY THE
MINERS' FRIEND
0 ° o Californians Should Vote
■• " for the Republican
Nominee.
SOME OF THE KEASONS.
0
Bcyan Has Placed tbe Gold-
Mining Industry in Seri
ous Danger.
HE IS A PURE FREE-TRADER,
Facts, Figures and the Deadly Parallel
All Contribute to Point a
Moral.
There exists a fellow feeling between
men engaged in kindred crafts which is
greatly to their credit, but which some
times leads them to the espousal of causes
not always to ti.e advantage of themselves
or their country. It has been so to some
extent with the gold miners of California.
3 M :.en, in 1593, the closing of the mints of
India to the free and unlimited coinage of
silver caused the price of that metal to fall
so that certain silver mines were closed
down and silver miners thrown out of em
ployment, the gold miners of California
sympathized very strongly with their fel
low-craftsmen of the silver- producing
States and Territories, and many of them
were led to believe that an injustice had
been«done to silver and the silver miner,
and that free coinage ought to be under
taken by the United .States alone.
There was yet another reason for cham
pioning the cause of the free silver miners.
Some hundreds, and perhaps thousands,
of idle miners flocked to California either
to compete with California gold miners in
their own fields of labor or to be a tax
upon them for assistance while out of
° 0 work, and this contributed to the feeling
among California miners that such a
policy ought to be pursued by our Govern J
ment as would tend these silver miners
Lack to work in the silver mines and so
relieve Caiiiom;a miners of this competi
tion or charge upon their incomes.
No one will blame the California gold
miner for looking to his own interest.
That is human, but sometimes there is a
narrow and sometimes a broad way ofcon
pideping self-interest, and it is to abroader
j>elf-inierest that the Republican party
would have the California gold-mincrdirect
his attention. For instance, it is a fact that
the closing down of the silver mines in
1893 did set free a large number of silver
who came to California and either
competed with California gold-miners in
,jold mining or were a charge upon them,
but it is also true that the revival of gold
mining has long since set ail these miners
at work and also found employment for
many more men than have ever before been
employed in mining in the history of the
country. In Colorado, according to a
leading paper of that State and of Denver,
there are now 10 per cent more miners at
work than during the first quarter of 1593.
California maites even a better showing in
this regard than Colorado. According to
statistics furnished by the State Mining
Bureau the number of men ot all colors
encased in all kinds of mining during
°1593 94 was 13,107, while during the year
1d94-95 there were 17.550 of white men
alone and 580 Chinese with a number of
camps yet to be heard from. Therefore,
it is plain that t&e revival of gold mining
has already compensated tne miner for
0 any loss sustained by a decline of silver
mini.ng, and so that reason for espousing
the cause of the silver miner no longer
exists.
Nothing could be further from the pur
pose of the Republican party than to be
little the importance of the mining indus
try in America, and especially that of
i mining the precious metals, for there
scorns to be some likelihood that, after all.
tho^e tireless prospectors and hardy
miners,, doggedly digging away in spue of
discouragements, are the men who may
o yej settle tne financial issue by restoring
, lie o.d market ratio between gold and
silver- thioueh an increased production of
gold, and yet there is prevalent among
the people a most exaggerated idea oi the
„ magnitude of the mining industry as
'compared with other industries. In 1890,
hen the last, census was being taken,
. "there was mined in the United States gold
to the coining value of $32,845 000 and
silver of the coining value of 170,465,000,
making a total coining value of $103,310,
-000. To produce this metal there were
employed in 4905 mines which were being
worked 57,307 men. In 1892, the last year
of Harrison's administration, there was
"mined in the United States gold to the
' Coinage value of $33,000,000 and silver to
the coining value of 101.000, making a
total coinage value of $115,101,000, and
tais was the largest Output in the history
of the Nation. Therefore an increase in the
"number of men employed in mining the
precious metals proportionate to the in
creased volume ot metal obtained would
place tbe number of miners at work in
1892 (the most prosperous year for mining
in the entire history of tne country) at
63,347.
it 33 no disparagement to the mining of
precious metals to compare that industry
with the ereat manufacturing industry in
this country, or even with certain
branches of it.
There were more wage-earners employed
in the single industry of manufacturing
woolen goods in the United States in 18U0
I than were employed in gold and silver
mining in 1892, when the mining indus
try reached its highest development in the
history of the country and the value of
the woolen product -was greater. The
figures, as taken from the Abstract of the
Eleventh Census, page 157, are as follows:
Employes, 79,351; value of output, $133,
-577,977. . :••■■'- •, - ■ . •
In 1&90 there were four-fifths as 'many
manufacturing establishments of one sort
and another in operation in the single
city of San Francisco as there w»,-re gold
mid silver mine-< of all kinds in operation
in the United States, and these factories
employed eight-riinths as many hands and
I paid three-fourths a3 much wages as all
the gold and silver mines in the United
States, th» exact figures (taken from part
11, page 531 of Census Reports Relating to
Manufacturing Industries) arc as follows:
Number of manufacturing places report
ing, 4059; number of employes, 48,440;
I wages paid, $30,979,374.
Compared to the manufacturing indus
tries of the Nation, whose very life Mr.
Bryan and his associates have jeopardized,
the industry of gold and silver mining,
great as it is, assumes almost inaUrnifioani
proportions, as the following comparisons
will show:
Number of jfola and silver mines in opera
tion, 1b00, 4738.
Number of manufacturing establishments,
1800, Census Abstract, p. 141, 355,415.
Number of hands employed iv gold and sil
ver mines-. 1890, 57,307.
Number of employes of manufacturing es
tablishments, 4,712,622.
Amount of wager paid to miners of precious
metals, $43,180,696.
Amount of wages paid to factory hands,
12.283 216,529.
Capita] invested in gold and silver mines,
W86.323.33a
Capital invested in manufacturing plants,
$6«525,1DG.48G. , *: -
Commercial value of gold and silver mines,
1690, .«90.070,000.
Commercial value of output of factories.
1890, $9,372,437,233.
The foregoing comparisons between the
industry of gold and silver mining and the
manufacturing interests of our country,
while not calculated to belittle the in
dustry of mining for precious metals,
which is very important, is nevertheless
tremendously instructive. Supposing
that the election of Mr. Bryan should re
sult in the passage of a free coinage law
and a marked increase in silver mining,
what would that be to the country com
pared to the wrecking of American manu
facturing industries by the enactment of
free trade-laws, and that Mr. Bryan is a
pure free-trader the following quotations
from his speeches in Congress abundantly
proves. On the 16tb of March, 1592 (page
2355 of the Congressional Record), Mr.
Bryan said:
"I want to say as emphatically as words
can state it that I consider it false in
economy and vicious in policy to attempt
to raise at a higher price in this country
that which we can purchase at a lower
price abroad."
Again, on the 20th of the same month,
Mr. Bryan said :
"I am not at this time complaining of a
revenue tariff. What 1 denounce is a pro
tective tariff, levied primarily and solely
for protection. It is false economy and
the most vicious political principle that
ever cursed this country."
Nothing could be more explicit than
this and, if elected, Mr. Bryan will use all
the power of his administration to put in
effect nis free trade policy as well as his
policy of free silver coinage, and what
though there be a fellow-feeling between
those who mine gold in California and
those who mine silver in Colorado or
Arizona, are not the almost five millions
of toilers in the factories of America
brethren also.
Mr. Bryan is not wanting in any of
those art:tices for getting "next to the
people" which the smoothest of politicians
possess, but his election would be as
disastrous to the minim; indu-try of Cal
ifornia as to the fruit industry or the
manufacturing industry. FuJy GO per
cent of the miners in California are in
teiested directly or indirectly in "pros
pects." Perhaps thousands of them work
down in the valleys during the winter,
but when summer comes they rlock into
the Sierras on prospecting tours. Hun
dreds of others through the min
ing counties are interested in de
veloping individual claims, and almost
all oi these are on a lookout to obtain cap
ital to develop or purchase some of tlie-e
claims, which they themselves cannot de
velop for want of means. Now, the very
capital these men are anxious for and
have been waiting for for years is being
frightened away by this free-silver craze,
and this, too, just as Eastern and other
capital is beginning to be invested in
and loaned upon mining properties; but
no sane man will lend a dollar in gold
when there is a risk that he will be repaid
in a depreciated currency, or tnat an in
dustrial condition will be brought about
which will make it impossible for the bor
rower to repay at all. Tbeae are precisely
the effects now being produced by the
crusade for free silver and free trade now
being waged by the Democratic party.
From IS4S to 1573, inclusive, California
produced an annual average of almost
$38,000,000 in gold, but after 1573 tuere was
a steady decline of mining in this State
until 1893. when ti.e shutting down of
some of the silver mines of the silver
fctates and Territories created a world
hunger for gold that led to a revival of
gold mining everywhere. During these
years tne output Oi gold and silver from
California mines dwindled from $20,000,000
a year to $12,000,000, and the opinion was
generally entertained that California had.
long since seen her best raining days.
The revival of gold mining in this State
began almost immediately after the crash
of 1898, so that by the close ol that year
the gold and silver product for the 3'ear
reached $12,yo'J.!)C8, again of almost $1,000,
-000 over the previous year. For 1894 the
output of gold and silver was $14,220,
-613 44. a gain of nearly $2,225,000 over 1892,
and for 18t>5 the gold and stiver product of
our State reached $15,934,107 39, a gain of
almost four millions over tne product for
1892, and while there are no accurate data
obtainable at this time those conversant
with mining affairs believe that the Cali
fornia output of gold and silver for 1896
will nearly if not quite reach $20,000,000.
Surely California miners have not suffered
by reason of the dosing down of a few of
the poorer paying among the silver mines
of the silver mining States.
Now a greater part of the impetus re
cently given to California gold mining la
because oi the investment of capital which
has come from out>ide of California.
Much of it is borrowed money, and will
California gold miners, by voting for a
depreciated currency, frighten away this
capital just on the threshold of an era ot
great mining development? The great
"mother lode," 120 miles long, has not yet
been half prospected, and oniy a fraction
of the eood prospects hava been worked
at all. If there is to be mining develop
ment there mu9t be capital, and a large
part of this capital has got to be borrowed,
and it cannot be borrowed as long as there
is a danger of the debt being repaid in a de
preciated currency. And it should be re
membered that if the Popocratic party suc
ceeds in carrying out its programme there
will be no such thing as safeguarding capi
tal oy stipulating for payment in ''gold
coin of the United States," for tiie Chicago
platform proposes to have Congress take
away from the people the power to make
private contracts of that kind. The exact
words of the platform are: "We favor
such legislation as will prevent for the
future the demonetization of any kind of
legal-tender money by private contract."
Therefore, the triumph of this free silver,
free trade (but not free contrnct) aggrega
tion would mean the destruction in its
lusty youth of what promises to be an era
01 mining develoDment in California such
a« has not b- en seen since tne days of '49
to 'l>s. Beside-*, if the California gold
miners really wish to aid their brothers
in the silver districts, tuere is no other
way of cloing it so effectually as to safe
cuard in every possible way the invest
ment of capital in the production of pold.
for each ounce of gold that is taken out
of the ground makes room in the mone
tary systems of the world for the circula
tion by its sida of sixieen ounces of silver.
Take that thought with you while you
work.
But a!l this concern manifested for
silver by the Popocraticatrgreeation is the
shallowest pretense. It is a mere beating oi
tom-toms to distract the attention of the
people from the gr^at conspiracy of im
potency which brought upon the country
the crash of 93 and which has kept the
business life of the Nation nailed to the
cross of uncertainty for ranie than tbrea
yt.-a.rs. Every promise made by the De
mocracy four years ago has been violated,
its every prediction has failed of fulfill
ment, and now, in tbe hope of escaping
the drubbing it was and i-s certain to get
in November, that portion <,f the poli
tician 1 * who captured the Democratic man
agement turt-w the party principles to the
wind.s and entered into a conspiracy with
an equally conscienceless clique of poli
t;cian* in control of the People's party.
The purpose of this conspiracy is not pri
marily to secure free coinage or silver, but
four years of office, and to obtain office
there is no prolusion these adventurers
will not make, no prophecy t hey will not
utter, no sophistry they wili not employ,
no prejudice they will not excite, ft <
iu3Sion they will not inflame, and
no nation-destroying spirit of anarchy
that they will not ict loose to ravage their
Country. All, all is chanced in one des
perate effort to gain control of a Nation
whobeailairsareotherwi.se certain to be
committed to the Republican party for a
generation. For the oid Democratic party
of American history even Republicans
cherish respect, though notable to adopt
it« theories of government ; but the states
men of the Democratic party are not in
this unholy aggregation. T:iov have pro
tested acainst n and will vote aguiu-t it.
Nor is tne file of the People's party with
tue movement. They a^so have been do
trayed by their demagogic manipulators.
Principles which Republicans can but
re.L-ard a.-* mistaken, but which were,
nevertheless, adhered to w. ih sincerity,
have been cast away without a pang to
lighten the load for a disgraceful scramble
for uiiice.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
WISE COMES TO
WILLIAMS' RESCUE
His Testimony in the
Chinese Cases Now
Pending.
DEFENDANT IS RETICENT
He Objects to Telling Anything
About His Bank
Account.
ABOUT INSPECTORS' REPORTS.
Difference of Opinion as to How
They Should Be Turned
In.
Collector of the Tort John H. Wise and
Richard S. Williams, ex-Chinese inspector,
occupied the witness-stand in the United
States District Court yesterday. There
JOHN H. WISE, Collector of the Port, on the Stand.
were others, but the evidence offered by
the two named was the principal feature
of the day.
The spectacle of tbe chief Government
officer on the Pacific Coast attempting to
bolster up the cause of a man discharged
from the service for sundry good reasons
and now on trial for extortion, was per
haps never before witnessed in California.
The recital of "Williams' efficiency as an
inspector would probably have been weil
received by the court and jury but for one
unforeseen circumstance.
Three inspectors were called to the
stand, and to a man they swore the Col
lector of the Port was in error. Wise de
clared that prior to six months ago there
was no rule in his office requiring a writ
ten report from inspectors of every case
investigated. They could make oral re
ports if they so desired. In the afternoon
three men— Lynch, Boiso and Weller—
stated on oath that it was the custom of
the Chinese bureau to make written re
ports on every Chinese case. They went
lurther than this In declaring that Wil
liams' reputation for truth, honeatv and
veracity was bad.
The difference of opinion as to facts be
tween Collector Wise and the inspectors
was not the only sensation of the day.
The defendant, Williams, was placed on
the stand, and with charming candor he
denied all the allegations contained in
the four counts". Several days ago he ex
pressed a great desire, end that, too, in
the presence of Collector Wise, to explain
hi 9 big bank account. Yesterday, wnen
Prosecuting Attorney Heniey asked him
to account for $800 deposited on a certain
day in October, 189">, Attorney Mowry en
tered such a clamorous objection that
the point was sustained without argu
ment.
It was brought out in the trial, how
ever, that Wihiunis was very closely re
lated to the cia»r4 ot persons from whom he
is alleged to have extorted money, iien
le" asked the defendant if he were not a
half-Chine-e— mat is. if his father was
not a Uelestial and his mother a white
woman. Reluctantly Williams replied in
the affirmative. Some months Jitro the
same question was put to him in Commis
sioner lleacock's court and he denied with
a great show of resentment that such was
the fact. Yesterday the prosecution had
the necessary evidence well in hand, and
there was no attempt to evade the truth.
When court opened yesterday morning
there was the usual crowd in attendance.
The defense made another direct attack
on the cnaracter of Wong Sam. Joha EL
Fairchild, a Cmnatowu guide, John T.
Cusgrovc, wno follows a similar occupa
tion, and Gef Garu, a missionary, testified
that Sam's reputation for truth and hon
esty was very bad. Collector Wise was
then called to the stand. As he passed by
the attorneys he smiled btßignly on
Coogan and Mowry, gave a curt."good
morning" to Mr. Henley and ignored en
tirely the Special Treasury Agent, Major
Moore.
In addition to the facts already recited
th.c witness said Williams had nothing to
do, so far as i c knew, with tbe landinu oi
eitho-r Wong Ling Cnow or Chin Shee
Huog. Attorney Mowry then endeavored
to bring out the (statement, that during the
time Williams conducted the examination
of the Chinese women cates more were
denied a landing than ever before in the
history of the Chinese bureau.
"I have no doubt," interjected Mr. ilen
ley, "that he returned every woman who
diii not pay him."
This saiiV started a merry war of words,
ar.d in order to quell the disturbance
Judge Morrow suggested that the position
assumed by the defense was somewhat in
consistent. "You undertake to prove,"'
mid hid Honor, "that Williams hud no
authority to land the Chinese. Now you
want to show that he returned or denied a
landing to innumerable Chinese."
After a deal of argument the witness was
finally instructed to answer, whereupon he
j said that he had assigned the investigation
of the Chinese cases to Williams and
Lynch. "In many cases," the Collector
,said, "the reports of the inspectors were
verbally made."
In cross-examination, Mr. Wise said
that frequently many inspectors were en
j-au'ed in the lan lin^ of Chinese, but he
was positire that Williams bad not been
connected with the Wotitt Ling Chow case.
j However, he di i not pretend to know
' whether or not the defendant had induced
any Chinese to believe that he had the
authority to lann the Orientals.
"II Mr. Lvncn testitied that, relative to
the Wong Ling Chow case, Williams in
terviewed the Chinese on board the ship,
would you contradict the statement?' 7
"0h, "n0," was the reply.
This practically concluded the testimony
of Collector Wisp, snd with the introduc
tion of another Chinese witness or two the
deiense rested.
The prosecution then called Chinese In
spectors Lynch, Hoi^e and Weller. They
were asked to state the general reputation
of Williams prior to April 7, and without
exception they pronounced it bad. They
went further than this in declaring that it
was the invariable custom of the inspec
tors to tile written reports on all Chinese
cases investigated. This evidence created
intense excitement, because Collector
Wise had only a short time before sworn
that the custom of written rpports was
oniy established about six months ago.
The prosecution expects to present one
or two more witnesses to-day, nfter which
it is presumed counsel will make argu
ment and then submit the case to the
jury.
'.:-■■■ i Sf<lgl«-y's Estate.
Edith C. Sedgley, E. B. Slastick and John
Kel 0 have been appointed administrators of
tne i-stati- oi Rosetta sedgley, which is valued
at $55,000.
CELTIC UNION AT WORK
Over Thirty Societies Have Now
Sent in Their Cre
dentials.
H arty Co-operation Is Urged as the
Essential Element of
Success.
The Celtic Union met last evening at
K. R. B. Kali and perfected an organiza
tion by the election of an executive com
mittee, which, with the officers previotislv
elected, made up the governing board of
the union.
Tbe attendance represented many Irish
societies, and during the evening the
strength of tbe union, which already em
braced about tnirty-rive societies, was
augmented by the addition of the Knights
of the Red Branch, whose credentials were
accepted.
The proceedings were opened with a few
remarks by Colonel T. P. Barry, who has
acted as president of the union during the
preliminaries. Colonel Baary introduced
the permanent president, Jeremiah Dea?y,
who was received with applause and made
a neat speech, counseling co-operation on
the pi»rt of nil Irish societies and predict*
ing that much good will come to the Irish
people on the oast from the formation of
the union. The constitution was amend
ed to do away with the ollice of sergeant
at-arms and to provide for an innerguard,
to be nominated monthly by the presi
dent.
'1 lie work of selecting the executive
committee was then begun. Under the
constitution an informal hallot for all
offices must precede a formal ballot and
this made the proceedings long. On the
in formal ballut the following nairn d re
reived votes: Colonel O Byrne, Colonel
Barry, T. Alumi, O. P. Kooney, Dr. Cur
:.i!i. John Oamly, P. 11. Flynn, Jrome
!>■ ■.-.-, John Murphy. William Mulville,
r:«:h-T Crowlev, T. Bannerman, T. dsin
foid.W. H. McCafferty, M. J. Howard, J.
.1. Flynn, M. J. Hart, T. J. Me!iett, Charles
B. Fiamtgau. Chares O'Brien, John C.
Kyan, P. Tammany and J. Broderick.
Several of those who hud been men
tioned withdrew before the formal ballot
whii-h resulted in the selection of the fol
lowing: Colonel O'Byrne, Colonel J'arrv,
Charles O'Brien, Jerome l)ea«y, P. 11.
Flynn, O. P. Kooney and Charles Flan
i;a mi. tiie^e seven leading.
The officen of the union previously
elected are as follows: President, Jere
miah Deasy; vice-president, P. >}. Me-
Qushen; recording secretary, R. J.
O'Reilly; financial secretary, M.Goimau;
treasurer, John Mnlhern.
One purpose of the union is to build a
hall, but plans may not be received
for some little tinie. It is propo-ed to
erect a building worthy of the union,
which includes about all the Irish socie
ties in S.an Francisco.
After officers had been elected last oven
ing the committee to confer with the man
agement of the Mechanics' Fair made a
rt-port concern ng Irish ilav at the lair,
winch wiii be September 17. The commit
tee w.i 3 continued, with instructions to
prepare a programme of exercises.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MERCHANTS MAKE
A GREAT RECORD,
Notable Increase of Mem
bers During the Past
Two Years.
A COMPARATIVE TABLE.
The Association Now Has a
Neat Monthly Journal of
Its Own.
SCOPE OF THE PUBLICATION.
Demands for the Synopsis of the
New Charter Necessitate a
Second Edition.
Since its organization with forty-seven
members in April, 1894, the Merchants'
Association has made great strides, being
now one of the City's principal commer
cial factors. Any business firm in good
standing is eligible to membership in the
association, each firm having one vote,
though it may De represented at the meet
ings by any or all of its members or by
any employe whom it may designate.
The dues are only $1 a month, and the
advantages of membership considerable.
The official list of members has just been
issued, and from the following table an
idea of the association's rapid growth may
be formed :
Number cf members April 13,1894 47
umber of members .May 3>/, 1&95 'Jl4
Number or members Jauuury 1, 1898 29
Num. of members May *5, 1896 406
Number of members June Uj, Ib9tj. b.,i
is umber of membeis September 1, 1b96. ...... 652
The association has just got out a sec
ond edition of its synopsis oi the proposed
n w charter. The edition consists of 10,
-000 copies, and la even now nearly ex
hausted.
A new feature in the work of the or
ganization is the Merchants' Association
Monthly Keview, of which The Call has
received advance sheets. The nrst num
ber will be issued on or about fceptember
L The publication is neat and attractive
in its makeup and interesting in the ruat
tet presented in its columns for perusal.
The scope ol the new recruit in the local
literary army is thus outlined in Us saluta
tory address;
To keep the members of the Merchants' A
ssociation always posted upou its affairs and in
Closer toucn with its work, this .Monthly Re
view is created, The quarterly meetings or
the association are excellent In their way, and
will be continued. Comparatively lew mem
bers, however, attend meetings oi any kind,
but this Review ouc« a month will reach all.
Nothing of a personal, political or religious
nature will be admitted to these columns, nor
advertisements of any description. Ii will
contain a monthly suairanry oi the work of the
association— accomplished, under way and
coutempla.ed. Its language will be plain and
terse, .tacts, impartially stated, win be itskey
note.
Its main plan ■nil! be a record of the Mer
chants' Association, truthfully told by candid
observers. Extracts from the press at nome
and abroad will be a leuture. i redil will be
cheerfully given for every clipping. Commu
nication* upon pertinent questions from the
members of the association as well as me pub
lic Will be welcome. columns will always
be open to an honest expression of public
opinion. Its circulation will depend upon its
demand. No subscription price or charge of
any kind will be made.
Ihis Review will be strictly confined to sub
jects d.rectly affectiug the welfare of San
Francisco and its commercial interests.
bpeciitl attention will be paid to the streets,
hewers, parKs and roads of this county, with
the sole idea of their improvement. Subjects
pertaining to municipal revenue and taxation
I will be considered. A higher standard in the
; public service, as well as a better system of
municipal administration, will be advocated.
In offering this little Review to public recog
nition the Board oi Directors of the Merchants'
Association do not intend to publish a news
paper. The reader must not therefore expect
the many attractive features of a metropolitan
journal. The honorable field of journalism is al
ready ably and ful.y rilled by our public press.
Finally, permit ths assurance to be sincerely
given that the motto of this Monthly Review
will ever be the progress and prosperity of San
Francisco. In the service of this lofty cause,
if this little publication shall accomplish
some humble part the sole aim of its exist
ence will have been realised. Faithfully
yours, Hoard or Directors
OF THE Merchants' association.
AN OLD SUIT DISMISSED.
i>i i <-.toi •< of th>- Home ii in-lit i.i r- - As-
nociatiou Freed of Responsibility.
The suit of Daniel £L Perkinsand others
against the directors of the Home Benefit
Life Association was yesterday dismissed
by Judge Hebbard. The case has been in
thf courts for four years, but did not come
lo trial until last June.
The history ol the suit is a peculiar one
! and dates back over rf decade. In 1885 the
: company was incorporated to do an assess
j ment life insurance business and got along
| fairly well for a timtj. An epidemic, how
; ever, carried off a number of its pol cy
holi'ers, and the association was forced to
discontinue.
It seems that when the company was
i organized some legal technicalities were
i overlooked, and the persons who had paid
! a number oi assessments were got to
i nether, theii' claims combined and suit
Drought nu'uir.rit the directors lur the
I money paid in. Judge Hebbani. how
j ever, found .hat although tbe association
was not legally entitled to do a lite insur
ance business, the directors were unaware
of that fact and had proceeded in good
i faith. lie, therefore, dismissed the
action.
«■ — ■»—•» — •
MERLE'S GA I Bft C OTRACT.
Judge Hebbnnl Grunts a I . -Iwiu mi* of
the Simulate Proceedings.
The fight of L. V. Merle against the
Board of Supervisors has been reopened.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a mo
; tion for a rehearing. Some time ago Merle
' applied for a writ of mandate to compel
the Supervisors to award him a garbage
contract which had been given by the
board to another person, who put in a
percentage bid.
The application was denied not because
! Merle was not the highest bidder but be
cause he had withdrawn his certified
check when tne contract was awarded his
rival. Judge Hebbsurd therefore decided
that the contract, had been let to nobody.
The case has been reopened by consent
of both parties. The Supervisors do not
think that Merle has any chance to win,
and believe that there is & possibility that
they may at another hearing.
" Biinsl '' King* Property.
A motion for a nonsuit in the contest of the
will of Cornelius King was yesterday made by
Attorney E. C. Harrison. He claimed that the
relationship of the contestants has not been
established awl that the insanity ol the tes
tator has not been proven. Judge Cofiey da
me l the motion.
insolvent Bakers.
Felix A Burkhardt, bakers, have filed a peti
tion in insolvency. They owe $483 and have
assets rained at $200.
When writing for further particulars to any of tho health or
J /ensure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj4<£jC.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND IMb FALL MONTHS.
Good _ Climato and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral Springs
in the World. ...
Fall season opens Aucust 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LEE D. CRAIG,
31 C Montgomery St., S. V.
Or .1. Ci >iti.
Highland Springs, Luke Co., Cal.
rest, pleas-
ure, climate, nccommodatlons, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas- j
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's 1
llayground. croquet and dance hall for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the Mate. Plenty 1
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, Han Francisco, 8:15 a m.
daily, for soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
1896, address K. ROBERTSON, Manager.
JiPI SODA SPRISCS,
California'^ Famon* Mountain Spa! .
*vs You Eehv Thebe Lately.*
1000 feet above Papa Valley. Climate nnsnr- ;
pns*ed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Jlot and cold !
!«Hpa soda water baths. Telephone and PostolHce.
Burros to ride. Rowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
ewin = and hammocks. New improvements every -
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING T\NK. Aii Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' deliznt: husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSOX, Napa. Soda Springs
/ETNA SPRINGS
There Is healing In the waters (for rheumatism, 1
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc): 1
there is life in the air. Swimming-tan*, tub and ;
steam baths, fine hotel. amusements. Rates. $10 .
tosU. Take 7a. m. S. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a. m. Unlimited round-trip :
tickets. *7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W. L.
MITCHELL, Lldell P. P.. Nan» County. Cal.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
Sun Itafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTES FROM S\N FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home It has no equal in
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
R. H. WARFIKLD & CO.
HIT innfl HOT SPRfN<;s, Sonoma
V V h I'l " V County, only li/ 2 hours from
\li UiTjT\ San *'««iclsco; but 9 miles
II IV II IJ U II stn « ir ' X: new road through
****** » vi canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbini: natural temperature of water 130 J Fahr. '
of wonderful curative properties; no togs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 8:30 p. m. Hound-trip iicke only $6.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $1- a week ; baths free.
J. X MULGREW, Proprietor.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
CNDKR XKfl' MANAGEMENT.
DATES $2 TO $2 50 PER DAY, $8 TOSH PER
Xli week; all batlis tree.
W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
Bl aS s ! WANT
I DURHAM \ v \ I JU^ V^v: ±Jm*Mmm '
DURHAM NjVyJ^v'Hv -"-
You will find one coupon / *-=^3 j IBxtV ~
Inside each two our.cc bag, t vS***-"""*^^ 4p\fj§ l^v'V ===
and two coupons Inside each j // '^^C>' iffiij'^ji^'n I f
four ounce bag of Black- ' / /^/^ Jl'"jl/ <-} , ' V'f I
tvell'a Diirhnm. Buy a bag . X^eil ftjjjiy /I k '] — I,
of tlila celebrated tobacco \j2^?-lCi' =as;^x > '^ i ifE^^^%^'l Jp^ I*-]"1 *-]"
and read the coupon— lW^F»*^Q-_^
give, it list of valuable pres- llfiPjiSSSS^^^sS^ra r^T^'it
cuts and how to get Uicm. /"Pj"^'''^'!''^ fl |~ j*™ r
IS TUB VEttY BK3X O.NK TO XX A ill S3' |
JL your eyes ami tic mem to -,■„».:.■« and _>.
ti»bb*e wllii luatruuisuia oi ma own iuvaauun,
•>t>b*Mapenoriiy taa uot b«seu tnjuau<»<JL Jljf m*
Mktiuui beeu duo to Uld uleCiM \u uur *>*•;•»
ttfuui Xioasn— i- 14 * Jr. ji
r b Y ""sYndTn Q~f H"l 5~ 5U B S C~R~! PT l_o_M BLANK ~SiGNED TO THE ~""l
1 f ~" ~ 1 •
" ,-,^ ».•■■• fH^ CKAHLEStHOA6.PubII.hw '"N^f^ SUBSCRIPTIOB BUMK '^j
; £ M&^ 'ijsS^*P?v ? *'"* NO _^. Rum FBI Out «d Return to <*J titcP, ****■ ,^j
{ Q igH9y&r//f»'*A'.t*< I hereby subscribe Five Dollars for one copy of "OUR SOCIETY" jQ J
| * ijljliljgg^; -g; Tg-z£ BLUE BOOK for the season of 1 896 7 payable to the publisher or order, J j
}°, *" " ■*'«"" 1 on delivery before ChriJtmas.lSg*!. •*> |
J m Is sold by subscription. ,£ I
')■ . Advance Orders only . ■> I
Iqi w:il recoQmzed, as ' 5 ■
I I tt>e edition is limited to * y-™. '"> '
'>»! t*>* class of Pflople for
';jl which the workisspe- ' •
Irt I cia'iy intended. J I
I.;• ,: Sufcsenbera w.ll fmd > Address , — — — — , . ■ — — , •
I J bunks enclosed. Address_ , . — I
5 BLUE BOOK OFFICE, YfS(7wTLI"RErEfvVAroWYF\IiVFo^KCT"EDITION"GRA^r' !
C....... . . . . ■ ...... .•._•!
; BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FULLY AS IDEAL A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
I Reduced Rates 0ct,17T896J0 May 1,1897.
Address all correspond e'nc| to barti.eTT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, S. F.
Pamphlets sent to any aidnjgs free.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
AN IDEA I, PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
J\. AND HLKASURE: no siagjn!; ■ mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer SprlDsj3 in tha
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda springs. Wonderful curattve properties.
TaMe lirst-class. fc«-nd tor circulars.
MOUNTAIN^ HOUSE.
The Keco(jnh.ed Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and rinnt-
Inc. New dancin?^.pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. CMnime "unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, fitase at Madrone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wttn
train leaving tlie City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLKT, Llagas, CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
T>ECRKATIOX. RKST AND HOME FOR I!T-
-JLV valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
taue-i and tents on moumain.-side overlooking Nap*
%'alley. >u-iim beat, elevator, can bells and night-
watch servjCb. Massage, electricity, medicated
and Mi-am tjatna are among the rcmeiial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks { are amon-^ the amusements, I'ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. AccoramoJa-
lions tlrst class. Kates reasonable. Send for circular.
ASTORG mm JMERIL WATER.
FOUNTAIN OF PKRPETTTAJi YOUTH: FROM
Lob) Valley, Lake county; greatest medicinal
and curative water on ear.li. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend 1; In San Cisco. Unlim-
ited supply at th<i depot. 103 Fifth, street, belling
hundreds of gallons dally.
HOME REST FOR THE. SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and dowers. Ad
dre.»» P. O. box •J'-'ti. - . -
OTKL VICTORIA. BONORA, CAT,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
»nd salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1983 feel; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the hiL-he-rt
order; rates ,$lO 10 $15 per week. JOHN C. Aluil-
IS I SON, lessee.
KIVERSIDK RANCH— ON thk ranks ok
-It Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley. Men-
docino County: round trip, S9 75 from Sail Fran-
cisco; BsntnCi bunting, bathing and boating uu-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent t:ibl 1:
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLKsPIK, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
A T B ELMO NT. AN' MATED COUNTY
-."A "board lor summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes froa
station; 1 hour fin city. MBS. A.\>EN,Belmons.
HOT XL' DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board $7 to Jill h week: aU-j
camping facilities, tents, etc. Address M. a. COX,
Laurel.
ANITA VILLA. WRIOHTS, SANTA CRUZ
A Mountains: tine family report. J. lIAE3-
TEKS, proprietor.
TIESICCE&S OF THE SEASOS
IE LADIES'" GRILL ROOM
: 0/ TiiK
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ir.
OPEN' UMIL UIDNitiBT.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
M MM.YKY OK THE MAUKtl's.
Coil oil declined.
Turpentine advanced.
Wheat steady.
Bar ey and Oats firmer.
Corn and Rye weak and dull.
Heavy recelp of Hay.
No change In Beans.
Potatoes dull and weak.
Onions quiet.
Green Corn doing better.
Butter advanced. Eggs unchanged.
More Eastern Poultry due.
But lew Berries arrived.
Cling Peaches wanted badly.
Grapes dull and plentiful.
Dried Apricots very firm.
Provisions unchanged and quiet.
Wine Grapes $20 per ton.
Increased exports of Wine.
gkain" STANDARD.
The Produce Exchange standard committee has
decided that 60 pounds shall constitute a bushel ot
Wheat for choice Club and No. 1 white, 25 percent
Sonera: 60% pounds for extra choice milling,
choice milling (30 per cent Club) and No. 1 mill
ing (one-third Club): 61 pounds tor No. 1 Sonora
and 62 pounds for choice do. Chevalier Barley. s3
poumis for No. 1 and 50 pounds for No. _; brew
ing Barley, 46 pounds tor No. 1 and 44 pounds for
No 2; feed Barley, 42 pounds for No. 1 dark and
40% pounds for No. 1 bright; Rye, 59 pounds for
No. 1.
EXPORTS OF WINK.
Exports of Wine from San Francicco during the
first seven months of 1896 were 9.425,100 gal
lou«, against 9 083,300 gallons during the same
j.' r. -d in 1895.
r"x p'»natnin.
The arrow flies with '.lie wind. The top figure*
»■ station indtcaie maximum temp*ratur n for the
days; those underneath it. if any, me amount of
rainfall, of melted o^y in inches and bnnAredtbs,
during the past twelrfe hours. Isobars, or solid
lin>-s, connect poln s of enua! air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hi*h" nfeans blxh barometric pressure and
Is usnully a<i.omiianie(i by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
ami Recompiled by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us. ally first appear on the Washington
coast. \Vb«n the pres-sire is high in th« interior
and low on« the coast, and the isobars extend
north »:.d south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "l'W" is inclosed with Isobars of '
marked curvature, rain south of fl r- n-n is improb
able, With a "Men" in he vicinity of Idaho, and i
the pressure falling to the California coast, warinei |
weather may be expected in summer and colder '
weather in winter. The reverse ol these condition!
*i!l product: an opposite result.
WEATHER ItVRKAC REPORT.
Uniti:t> States Depaktvent of Aoßiccri/-
TYRE. WKATIIER P.UREAIT, SaN FRANCISCO, AUK.
31. 1b96, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
porteJ from stations in California to-day :
Eureka 72. Fresno 88. San Diego 82, Ked Bluff
84, -a:i Luis Obi.spo 76, Vuma 106, San Francisco
69, Los Angeles 94.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 56, mean 62.
An area of high pressure Is central this evening
off the I'repon coast and is moving nor h«ard A
moderate area of low pressure is central in Arizona 1
and a second depression is north of Montana. Rain
has fallen in the past twe ye hours tnrouehout the |
greater portion Of Oregon. Washington, Northern
Idaho and Montana. Fair weather a?aln prevails
throughout California.
. Forecast male at San Francisco tor tnirty hours
ending midnight September 1. )898:
Nor in-rn California — Fair Tuesday ; warmer in
t' •• Interior of north portion; brisk northwesterly
°win is.
Southern California— F«ir Tuesday; somewhat
warmer at San Louis Obispo: fre^h northerly
• h (is becoming brisk westerly on the coast Tues
day a: ••moon.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Tuesday.
' Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona - Fa r Tuesday
'-an Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday ex
cep somewhat foc;;y Tuesday morning; brisk to
high westerly winds.
W. H. H-ammon. Forecast Official.
NEW VOiiK MARKETS.
Financial.
NF.W YORK, N. V., Aug. 31.— A more con
fident tone characterized the railway and miscel
laneous shares, arid business was on a larger scale.
The transactions in stocks reach' a a total of 214."
38 , and bonds $835,000. At the opening there
was a slight period of hesitancy, ahles from Lon
don reporting A mer can securities slightly lower to
ri sy. An announcement of further engagement of
$3.600,000 gold abroad for shipment to New York
soon brought about a decided ciiange In sentiment,
and the market ruled strong until li>te in he day.
There was extensive ring of shorts through
out, and even commission-houses bad a little more
to do. •^•; : .
The great factor at work, however, was the Im
portation of cold, he amount now on the way and
the arnvasof last week tooting up the large to
tal of f 18,000.000. This, it Is expected, will re
lieve, the .fusion in money, and some of the
brokers In consequence were disposed to cover up
their Rhor: contract* and assume risk* on the bull
s de. No tirarins-hoMse loan certificates were
cal ed f r. and irom present appearances it is not
likely that any will be i(-su-d. I bis Is also having
Its influence with the trading element. The rise
In prices ranee. 1 irom % 10 2% per cent, the latter
In ;obacco, which advanced from 58 to 60%: Man
hattan Suaar, the Grangers, Lake Erie and West
<■ 11 preferred and Lackawaniia gained 114 to 2%
per cent.
Dnriof! the afternoon the trading was less active
and 11 ear the close money jumped to 12 per cent bid.
At the same time sterling • xcuange showed a ten
dency to s:r> iiKth<-n. Actual rate 1 recovered frac
tionally, thus reducing tbe ] roti.s ongoid imports.
The result was that some of the smaller hulls in
stocks decided to lake their profits and in ir Hales
brought about a general reaction of Yi®^ : 4 per
cent. At the close, however, the market was fi.m
iitoione. Net changes showed adva-ices 01 1 Vis©
'Jig per cent on .he day.
i.ouisvi le aw) Nashville lost 6/ 8 per cent on sell
in* for London accounts. In th ; inactive issues
Illinois stce- fell *2% to 30% and recovered to
38 1 / 'g''a;37: Minnesota iron dropped 3to 0 and rose
to 43"(tf.41 ; lead preferred advanced 3 to 80 an 1
Metionolitan Traction 3% to 91 / is Sugar, which
was me most act.ye stock, figured for over 35, .00
shares. '1 he sai.-s of .-t Paul were 29,300 and of
tobacco 19,900 shares.
Bond! were strong. Cincinnati and Ohio gen
eral four and a halts rose 2 to 68; Chicago aid
Northern Pacific fives certificates. 17/gio3K" /8 -
Hocking Valley consolidated fives, 31X to HS%:
Iron Moun.ain general fives, 2 10 70: "Nor. hern
I'aclfic first*, 2 to 11-2: do thirds, 314 10 61V,: do
Consolidated lives. 2% to 4*2; 1 repou >hort Line
oslses, li/a 10 .04; uo consolidated rives, 1% 10
o;')7";o ;')7" ; 1 1. Jo- in Grand [stand first certificates, 2
to by: Texas Pacific Mrs s, is o 78, and Denver
and Gulf <onso id ate] fives, •> to -28Vi-
In Gov rnmerit tends 5-5,1 00 coupon tours of
1925 brought 123%®113%: $10,000 do regis
tered 113: $-5,000 r«r i 9 er-d fours, 1091/8* $1000
coupon fours of 1907, 106s/ a .
<^ ; rain.
Fl.oi-R —Firm: winter wheat. low grades.
SI 70@S2 50: co fair to fancy, $•,» 40@3 40; do
pafnts, 93459880: Minnesota clear. 92 30®
?-2 70; do straits, H- 8:">(a:< SO: do oatents, *3 l',im
*4 05: low extras. $1 70(a,2 50: drjr mills, $3 90;
do patents, 9*9* 25; mixtures, $-2 40(42 90- su
perfine, $1 &5(g,-2 10; Hue. $1 40@l 85
BYK FLOCK- Qm and steuUv at $2 25@2 75
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
; WtthhLuCK & CO.,
-i Leldeedorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
BKANCH OFFICE ' '
123 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. B. I'l r.DY. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tation*. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
CHiciwu. rjuvkii wiu__ _tsw igua.
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady. Yellow Western,
$•2 05<a,'2 10
RYE-Quiet. Western. 39i4@40c.
BARLEY— Quiet; feeding new, 31% c: do old,
33c
BARLEY MALT-Quiet. Western. 48@53c.
WHEAT— market dull, steady; i/i(ai%c
lower; f. o. d., 67*,ic; ungraded red, 57®b!sc;
No. 1 Northern, 66c.
Options were latrly active and V_@Vs lower on
foreign selling, increase on passa.e, weak West
and local realizing, with trading chiefly snitching.
December and September most active. No. 2 red.
May. 701/4' : -eptemher, 633'ic; October, 645.- 8 c:
December, 665/sc.
CORN— >pot, dull, easier; No. 2, 26V4c elevator;
27 X /4C afloat.
<pilo s were dull and weak at I,4<S% C decline,
following the weakness West and t:.e large re
ceipts. Se*p tern ber and December most active.
September, 26V4C; October. 27c; December, 28% c;
May. 30% . ; - \,
oats— Spot firm, fairly active.
Options dull, easy. September, 20c: October,
20»/sc; December, 21^ic.
r pot prices: No. _. 2oVic; No. 2 white. 24c: No. 2
Chicago, 21i/ 4 (&213 /4 c; .no. 3, 18%®19c: No. 3
while. '21c; mixed extern. 19(a^lc; white do,
20@28c: white Stale, 20@'28c.
< rnviiiiiiM
LAKD— Quiet, weak; Western steam, $3 75:
city, 53 4f,@3 50: September. $.< 67: refined, dull;
continent, »4 20: -iiuii American. $4 70: com
pound, :.Tg(g,!-l . . • .
PORK— Active, steady; new mess, $7 25@8 25.
BDTTSK— active, choice steady; Western
dairy, B(§32c: do creamery, 11%(5}16%c: extra
factory. 7%@11i,4c; i-lgins, 16% c: imitation
creamery, lO@IOV2C.
CHEESE— Limited demand; part skims -(,1 :.,•.
H&Ob— Choice ste dy, fair demand; Western
fresh. 14@15c: do V case. $I@3.
TALLOW-Quiet, nominal; city, 3Vfe@3i4c;
country, 3Xi@3s/ B e.
COTTON shEU OlL— Steady; crude, 19@20c;
yellow, prime. 23c.
lUCk— Firm; domestic, 3%@5%c: Japan, 4©
414 c
MOLASSES— Steady, moderate demand; New
Orleans, 27($.'<7c.
COFFEE— Quiet, unchanged to 6 points down;
September. *P 70; October, »9 SO; November,
f9 10; December, January and March, $9 05:
-May, $9 10. spot Rio dull, steady; No. 7,
los 8
!-L(iAl'.-R»w. dull, easy: fair refining. 3e;
centrifugals. 96 test, 3 5-16 c: refined, quiet,
steady; off A, 3 7-16@4%c; mold A, 6c: s Hti
dard A, 43 4 c; confectioners' A, 4^fec; cut loaf,
6s/ 8 c: crushed. 8 c; powdered, 6c; granulated,
4 c; cubes, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B@9c,
PEACHES— OId. peeled, 12@14c; unpeeled, 6%
@B%c
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. 43,4(<£6c.
RAISINsf — I wo-crown. loose Muscatels, 38,4^
4c: do three-crown. s@sV4r; do iour-crowu. 6%c:
do London layers, Sl@l 10; do clusters, $1 2j@
HOPS— DuII. Pacific Coast, 3@6%c.
WOOL-Quiet. Domestic fleece, lb<g,23c; pulled,
18(B31c; 'lexas, 10(_,l'2c.
Mercliandine.
no IPOS- Quiet: American. *10 'Js@lo 60.
COPPEP-SIow; lake. $10 50(ffil0 80.
LEAH— Firmer: domestic. .-'/T-.i/j^ 76.
IIN-Du.l; s. rails. «13 20<g,13 35: Mates quiet.
I_.K- Dull; dome.tic. S3 65(_i3 75.
ClllCAbU SIAItKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111. Aug. 31.— The week In the
wheat market was inaugurated with, an easy tone
and a slight depreciation in values, ascribed pri
marily to estimated liberal world s shipments for
th- week-7, .00.000 bushels— and to free North
western receipts, 864 cars against 554 last Mod
day. The business this morning was wanting in
life, however, and when the few minutes trading
was completed a dull and lifeless air took posses
-1 sion of the pit. Liverpool cables afforded no en
] cour semen;, that market being quoted quiet and
1 steady. Receipts at CMcaco new '208 cars and
148.350 bushels were withdrawn from store. The
visible supply statement, giving an increase of
3*5.100 bushels, occasioned disappointment and
moderate weakness.
The amount on ocean passage increased 1,140,
-000 bushels. Liverpool stocks of wheat decreased
223,000 bushels last week. Tne English visible
supply Increased 276,000 bushels, Closing cars
cables were 15 to 2t centimes lower for Hour find
unchanged for wheat. Antwerp was unchanged,
and Berlin i/i m<<rk higher for wheat. Export
clearames na<r.^e«ted 247.753 bushels. Decem
ber whrat opened from 601 8 .0 60c, sold between
60V8@ b01 /ic and 58% c closing at 593,ic, 3/ 8 c un
der Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow,
280 cars.
CORN— Obediently followed the direction of
wheat, tbe interest in tbe market and the volume
of trade not justifying an exercise of independence
of sentiment. Liverpool cables were lower and
helped 10 depress the market. The Monday- statis
j tics were not reassuring to holders, the amount on
• octan passage increasing 1,600,000 bushels, and
I the vis bits supply decreas us; but 146,0U0 bushels.
Receipts were 864 cars and 648,882 bushels were
taken rom store. Export clearances amounted to
145,619 bu hels. May corn opened at 25 % c, de
clined to 25 1 ,8(gc25 1 closing at 2514 c, s/ 8 c under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, --30
cars
OATS— Were comparatively steady, although
not entirely disregarding the influence of the
weakness of wheat and corn. Trading was not of
importance and consisted principally of local
transactions. Receipts were 46 cars, and 141,661
bushels were tak n m.m store. The visible stij>
p y decreased 172,000 bushels. Export clear
ancrs were 213.970 buehels. May oats closed Vgc
lower. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 470
cars.
FLAX— Was weak. Cash. 63U@63i/ 2 c; Sep
tember. 63i/ 4 @64c; December, 67^,68c. Receipts
were 237 Can.
PP.OVISION'S— Eased, away a little, the action
Of the grain markets, combined wit 1 the detri
mental effect of a weak and declining hog market,
not tending to invigorate or encourage holders or
buyers. January por< closed 5c lower; January
I lard 2%c to Sc lower, and January ribs a shade
I lower. ' . :-;
BUTTER— Business In the butter market was
aulet and the feeling steady. Offerings were mod
erate and the demand fair.
Creameries— Extras, 16c: firsts, 14%@15%0;
seconds. 11 a lye; imitation*, lancy, 12_) ■•<-.
Dairies— Extras, 14o: firsts. ll(6,l - 2c: sec ouas. 10c
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c: firsts, B_,By 3 c; packing
stock, 7te/%c; grease. 4(<lsc.
EGGS— Rec ipts were .ret: and the demand light.
Fresh sock was quo able at. ll@ll%c «>. dozen.
110-NKi-Was firm at 6&7 Xon call and 1% on
time .<_!.-> .\.n 1 01 .. i-_cti__i;o sold at si 25
discount bid and $1 asked.
* lonin _ Price*.
WHKAT-August 563» : September. 66%e;
December, 6934 c. 1
CORN— AuuumL 20y 3 c: September. 20% c: May,
25 Vie.
cats— September. 15%@15V*c: May. 19c
PORK— September. *5 . -2%: January. <P6 82%.
1-A Hij~ seiitt-mrjer. *3 30. January, *3 7*2Va
l.Ji.e>— bepteniber. S3 10; January, $3 45.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. Aug. 31.-The
supply of cattle to-day was heavy and the demand |
slow. Prices were generally 5c to 10c lower.
Hogs were In liberal supply and fair demand.
The heavy supply resumed In a decline of sc.
sheep and lambs were iOc to 15c lower. Offer
ings were large and the demand quiet.
CATTLK— Receipt* 23.000. Fancy beeves. 94 90
@5 00: choice 10 Drlme. 1300 to 1700 Ib steers,
94 <or<£4 85; good to choice steers. 1200 10 ltiOO ;:..
s . .:< c i 65; medium steer*, lUOO to 1300 tb. $4 10
@4 25: fair beef steers. 960 to Kill) lbs,
$3 75 @ 4 1)0; butcher steers, 83 00 (a, .< 70;
ieeders, 900 to 1250 Ib *2 9(J@3 65: siocker-i,
500 to 875 tb. 92 50*43 40; bulls, choice to ex
tra, $2 80f^3 25; bulls, poor 10 cnolce. 91 75
fa.- 75: cows ana hfifem. choice to extra. $3 . Viat
3 85; cots, lair to choice, 92 2. r >&3 40; tows,
common to falrcanners. 91 25@2 10; calves, rood
to chore. $5 linn ti 10: calves, common to good,
$3 50&3 75: lexas grass steers. $.: 41)®3 15.
Texas cows and bulls, 91 76(52 50; Western can
ning steer.i, 92 65(<£4; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 00^3 SU: milkers an 1 springers, ft head,
$'20(&4'J: Western range steers, $2 75(0.3 9U.
iluGS— Receipt*. 45,000. lieavy packln* ana
rrilppinx lots. $2 65(a.3 20: common 10 choice
mixed, 92 -5 ■; ;'• 50: choice assorie.i. $3 ;■;:. .i
3 45: lieht, <3 15C*3 40; pies. 92 50*3 3U
ii 11 Iff r Iretniim. 17.0UU. luiarwc 10 choice,
*>2|je.3 60. iambs, «2 75 it 6 25.
< ALIi 01..MA KftUIT BAI.KS.
CHICAGO. 111.. Aug. 3L — The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett. .* i If fa, 1 45; Souvenir de Con
gress, $1 10 Plums— Kelsey. 91 16; Victoria,
95c. Prunes— German, 9115@125; Fellenbertr,
fi 25: Gros, 90c@$l 15; Robe de Sargent, $: 05.
Grains— Tokay, $1 40@l t>r>: Malaga, crates,
$1 55<a*l 75; half crates, 55c@$l 30.
NlfiW YORK. N. V., aub 31.— Porter Bros. Com
pan sold California fruit to-day as folows:
• irapes— Tokays, $1 75@1 90 per half era p.
Pears— Barfletts, 9 1 3'@ 70 per o x and 60(awl)o
per half box. Plums- Japan — $lfal 80 per half
crate; Quackenbos, 9' O.'i^>l 30; t.eg, 75c@$l 15.
Pr.ines— Hungarian, 91 :.(>ia.l 45 per crate; Grog,
H6'(a..sl 45: German, 7'i< (a&l '25; o:her varieties,
56c@.fl. California Cllncs, »0c; All
br.glns. &o@9oc: Crawford Clings. 65385 c: Sus
quehaunas, 65(^80c; other varieties, 30c@91 05.
m«u i.v ivuo^ci
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
SliHro «.
Money on call active at 6%; last loan at 9% and
closing offered at 9%. Prime mercantile paper,
8©9%. Jar Mlver, i 68 /g ;. Mexican dollars, 613/ a
®53i4c: Sterling Lxciia'iise was steadier, with
nc; ual business in bankers' bills at $4 h'2!a,i 8"i,4
for s xty days, and $4 841/2*4 84% for lemand.
Pos ed rates. $4 -_'' .1 , 85. Commercial bills,
$4 81@4 81%. Government bonds strong. Stale
bonds dull, Kailroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board was neglected.
CXOfiixn stock-*.
Am Tel A Cable-.. 78 Norfolk & Westrn 8%
Atchlson 11 ! Preferred. 12V_
Preferred 16% Northern Pacific. 11>V*
Adams press ...136 I Preferred 1714
Alton. Terre Haute 64 Northwestern 904-4.
American Express)os i Preferred 141 i 2i 2
AmericanToDacco. b!>y 2 N. Y. Central. . . *l4_
Preferred 93 !N.Y..Chica«o<_sL. 10 '
Kay State Gas 153/s Ist preferred 61Vi
Jaltlmore* Ohio.. IS : Yd preferred .-25
Brunswick Lands.. % X. Y.&N. H. 164
buffalo, Roch&P. lin, 2 N. V & New Knj. i'O
Canada Tactile 68 ,N. V.. Susq <fc W... 7S^
t r.nada southern.. 4-4 , Preferred. 19
Canton Land 50% Ontario... .;. . lO'/a
Central Pucinc . I'<V 2 'ntario A Western _VVs
("hPH. <_ Ohio i3Vi Oregon Irnprovmul V.
Ch1c«K0A1t0n......160 i Preferred —
Preferred 170 {Oregon .Navigation 13
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
Chicago. B. & Q l) 1 s/ ¥ Oreeon Short Line. 9
Chicago* E. 111... 37i /4 Pacific Mail UV a
Preferred..; ;<<> j-eoria, D.it kvhui IV_
ChlcagoCas 535/ 8 MttKburi; _; W. pfd 15
Cl.vr.t Plitßbnrg..lss [Pullman Palace.. 139
Consolidation coal. 3' IQulcksllver. IV,
Consolidated Ua5..141 I 1 referred 15
C. C. C. A St. Louis 23% Reading b3.,
Preferred . 73 .jßioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 16 ! Preferred 40
Preferred 93 Rock Island 50
Cotton Oil Cert t-S-i RomeWat&Ogden.loßiA
Commercial Cable. 125 ' m. L. S. W 3
DeL Hudson™. ..„. 118V«s ; Preferred H
Uel.Lack<t\Vestrn.l4!»i 2 si. Paul 66V
.Denver AR. U 1().< 4 Preferred. 122'
Preferred. 3> /4 ?t. Paul & Dulntn. 15
Ilstl.lers Preierred 84
General Klectrlc... 241/4 St Paul & Omaha. 34%
trie 1-jij Preferred. 115
Preferred -Jfi Si. P. M. <_ M 10S
Fort Wayne 145 s-llvtr Certificates. 663/g
treat Northern pfd 107 Southern Pacific... 16
Greenfiay Vi Southern R. X 714
Hfcrlem 300 , Preferred 20Vi
Hocking Coal Sugar Refinery .... 10m. 4
Hocking Valley.... 1454 ! Preferred 97**
Homestake. a,. Term. Coal A Iron. 17S/ a
H. <fc Texas Cenu..— I Preferred. .. »0
Illinois Central 86 (Texas Pacific. . 5V 8
lowa Central 6 iTol.A.A.&N.Micn.^—
Preferreo _3 Tol. & Ohio Cenu.. 30
Kansas A Texas... 10 ! Preferred. 50
Preferred 22 ! Tol.Bt. Louis* K.C. 5
Kingston & Pern... 3 ' Preferred 6
l.i.ki- trie ._ Westn 1434 Union Pacinc . 5
Preferred 62 U. P. Den & Unit.- 1
Lakeshore 1411,4 U. S. Coraage 35/ 8
National Lead IBV2 1 Preferred. 7V_
Preferred 78 I Guaranteed ....„ 14
Lone Island 65 U. S. press 32
Louisville & Nash. 4 0 1,4 V. S. Leather 65/ 8
Louisville Na&CU is; ; Preferred 4tji/4
Preferred 5 U. Rubber 16
Manhattan Consol. 81 Preferred ... 70
Memphis Charts, 15 Utlca it B. River.. 160
Mexican Central... 7 \\ ab. s. L. & Pao.. 53/s
Mlchi_a 1 Central.. bS Preferred }<
Winn*S.L. . Wells-Fargo HS
Preierred __ Western Union.... 71,4
Minn & St. L com. 12 Wisconsin Central. is«
Ist preferred 60 Wheeling AL. Jfi.. /8
., 2<l preferred 34 Preferred 21
Missouri Pacifla... 17% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 42
Mobile A Ohio 151 _i W. U. Beef ....... 6
Nashville & Chatt. 671/2 A un Arbor 6
National Linseed.. ss /4 Preferred 18
£* J - Mitral 94 Brooklyn Traction. lny
&ortli American... 4 Erie 2d p«O. 16 V.
CX^SINO ROVn«.
Ala Class A4a 100 ; Northern Pao lsts.ll2
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 I Uo2ds 105
Alabama. Class C. 90 DoHds. 64
Atciiißon4s 74 Doconsdrfis."..'.. 41%
L>o'2ds A 318,1 Olmprovement Ist 73
tanadaSouth2ds.. 1001/4 Do 5s 100
ten Pac lstsof '9s. loo OK&Nlsts.. ..105
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 | Do -onsol b5.'.... 83
£° II 8 * 7 10) jOr short Line 104
£° IK9B 101 I Do cons 67
-Do 1899 loj lacihc-Ssof 97.... 100
#-Xt 8 x?, UUl ° 05....10 L' iih.ia.v tadlng4s. 72
iw^o Tr Rets 5s 3« 1 Do Ist ifdincam. '26
l>C_-65s 10»i,4 RGrandeWestlsU «>7
l>en _: P. Gist liOi 1, i-;LAlronMtOen 70
.. XJ045..... Mii,'iMl._6F Gen 6s. 9i»Vs
trie _ds 56vi:St Paul C0n5015....! 9
l-tU*DenCity ]sts 49 ;StPC &Pa lsts. . .109
l'H_tHA6t 101 So Carolina 4%5... 95
Do'_d7s 96 I Southern 11 R 55... 83
Gen Ele. Debbs... 82 | Do Pac Cal lsts..l 10
H * Tex Cent 55.. 102 Term new 3* 70
Docou6s. 102 Texas Pacific lsts. 78
lowaCen.ral Ists.. h9 Texas Paclnc 2di.. 15Ve
Kansas Pa Consols 60 Union Pac 1 sis »«. 9SVa
h.!, r_ i»ta Leu divlOS U »4s re of 1 '2.*).11:ti *
La Consol 90 I Do 4s. c0up0n. ...11314
Missouri funding... C P 4s.rec of 1907. 10.< 4
MKT2ds... 6111/4 Do coupon.... 10«
Do 4s .. .. 79 I)o2s 91%
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 61 I Do f>s 109
Mutual Union «5... 107 | J o fts. coupon . .lO.<
N J Cent Gen 5*...l 12 ;Va f undine debt... 66
X V C<£»t Louis 4SIOOJ/4 1 Do registered. ..
NorAWest Gen 65. 115 iio deferred 65... 5
N Carolina con 45.. 9b ' Do trust rcpts st. 4
Dobs 110 .Wabasn Ist 5s 10-'
Northwest Consols. 3l% West Shore 4s. ...10'2Va
Do deb 5s 104%;
FOREIGN' MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I.IVKRPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Knu.. Aug. 31.— The spot market
Is steady at 5s 6@ss 'id. Cargoes dull at 27s 3d,
September-October shipment,
hum
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 tied Winter: *-ep
oniber, 5s 1%(1: October, 5s 2d; November. 63
2%d; December, 6s 3d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Fxn., auk. 31.— Consols. 112^'s: sil
ver, 30 11-16 d: French Rentes, 10'2f 65c.
EXCHANGE AM) BULLION".
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sum — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 t-9'i
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, t* ounce — 6t>3/»
Mexican Dollars — 531/.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT ANl> OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Altalr takes for Cork 81,255 ctls.
valued at $79,200; Beechbank for London, 15,021
ctls at $14,700.
Business is dull on call, but the shipping de
mand In the country Is fair at s eady prices. No.
I, ".Va.<<7 '■.:<• ■£ ctl; choice. 9834.c: lower grades,
871 2 /2 c; extra choice for milling, sfsl@l 07Va
"r 1 . c.l.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal skssion— 9:lß o'clock— No sales.
second -ess ion— \o sales.
I.K.iii.AR Mobnino session — December —
4000 ctls, $1 : 21/00, J-{"VBC
aftkkxoos fcEssioN— December— 3o.ooo ctls,
$1.
BARLEY— Shipment of 29,569 ctls Chevalier,
valued at $27,700, to London.
Feed <:on,.inues :o Improve. We quote Feed. 60
@633.4 c: choice bright. 6f.(a66V4 ■: r.rewiLg. 72%
@80c t>. cU; Chevalier, 90 (^fl for No. 1,
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
BSCOHD SESSION — No sali-s.
Regular Mornino sskssion— No sales.
AFTERNOON SESSION— NO Sales.
»A I .- — The market shows -^eveiel chances, jren
erally in the direction of nlcher prices New Feed,
ar- quotable at 75fa.».ic »* tl. old mlltlnc 87%
&92 Vie- lancy feed. g-JVbiiCOSc: pood to choice.
8f.(1i.92%»!: common <> «air, 75!ab0c; Gray, 85
(c;5,i.,.-, Surprise. 9HijHl 02%.
CokN— \Wllk, dim an! freely offerer Large
Yellow, ..ui'.hir. sroall Hound do, 9Uf«.92' ..c fi
ctl: White. 7-2%@76Vic
RYE— 7O@72y 2 c r ctl for old and 62%@65c or
new.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal at 85@95c V cil.
FLOUK AN.» .MILLSTUrFS.
I LOUR— Net rash prices are as follows: Family
extras, 93 60@3 70 >> bl ; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 50; sii|i<.Tli:ie .*- 75@3.
COKSMEAL I-Tl.- Feed Corn. 19 50@20:
Cracked 1 orn.S2o 5()@"21 V ton.
MILI.STUFF —Prices In sucks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: <.r;il:am Flour, s2 10;
Hyp Floor, 62 50: Rice Flour, $5 75: (' nmiai,
?*2 10: extra creara do, $"_' 75: 1 at meal, $2 90; On-.
I roats, ?:•{ 50: Hominy, $3 10&3 30: Buckwceat
Flour. $3 10&.3 30: Cracked neat. */ 75: Fa
rina, S3 : 0; Whole Wheat Hour, $2 SO; Moiled
Oats, $3 50: l'earl l-tarley, S3 60; split I'eas, *.i 20;
Green do, *4 10 ~e 100 lbs.
HAY AND FhEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-sl3ia>l3 50 for the best andsl2rtfil2 60
ion for ousside bran-Is.
illl>i'LlN(is-f15^16 » ton for lower grades,
and $17(g,1H V to > i^r ihe best.
FEEL..STUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton: Jobbing, f22; clipped
Oats. 97i/ 2 i(a,si 05 ctl.
AY— over 1200 ions came In. It Is the same
old -tory of weakness, day af:er day. Wheat.
$7(^10 f* ton; Wheat and Oat. .«6@9: Oat. sow
7 50: Barley. iver U*r:ey.s4 ,>0(&5: Alfalfa,
$5 60@0 50 tor secotnl and $4 50@5 for first cut>
tine: compressed $6@9; stock, $4(fl)5; Cover,
6@7 50.
STRAW— 3O@4Oc 9 hale.
BKANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, 90c@fl * ctl; Small Whites,
$I@l 10 'f. ctl; Pea, $l(aU 20 * ctl; Larce
Whites, 90c@$l f! ctl; Pink, 65@75c %* ctl:
Reds, $I@l 15 i>> ctt: Blackeye, $1 15@1 40:
Red Km my. nominal; Limns, $-JC<«2 85; But
ters, $lro.i SCO.
sKKD--l-.r'>wn Mustard, $1 5001 75 *£ ctl:
Trieste, *■'-' 2503 75 %' ctl: Yellow Mustard, *1 50
@1 75; Flax. $1 6u: Canary, 2V4@23 / 4c ~* Ib: Al
la.ia, nominal: R::pe, 2V"«* tt»: Hemp, 3%c.
Dltl KD PKAfc— SI 10®l 40 '^ ctl iorNiles and
$1 25(^1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONION-, VI GKTABLES.
POTATOES— The market is well supplied and
weak. Sweet Potatoes are still lower at 871/2 1 '
@$1 ? ctl; Garnet Chiles, 50Q86C ?". cl: Kany
Rose, 2.@,:-15c: Hurbank dlingH, 25@35c lor
Rivers ana 7 980 c for Salinas.
ONIONS— 3O#»Sc < t!; Pickles. 50c ft ctl.
VEGETABLES — lomi.toes are still weaker.
Green Corn is dolii? Ipf.er again. Marrowfat
Bauastl quotable at ,ft;rg*« ~f, ton;. Green Corn,
50(a.70c f* sack; A am. da Corn, $i@l 10 *
crate; Berkeley Corn is quoted at, 40(a.85c
> box; summer Squash, is(g2."c for Bay: Egg
Plant. 25@40c: Tomatoes. 25(0. 40c ior Rivers and
3.*«(a.55c lor Bay: Alameda Cucumbers, 25rd>35c;
PICiC es, I@l %c >. lb for No 1 and 33@5(Jc ~t ell
fi r No. 8: Gretn l'e )pers, *25©35 cf* large box for
» hlle and 25@35c for hells Green Peas, 50@75c
if* sack for common and 2^2%c j» Ib for Garden;
string Beans, sO(a.7f<c •» suck for common aud 2C<i
'2%c tf4 Ib lor garden: Llmas. 75c&$l r* sack;
Green Okra, '25@40c 9 box: Cabbnjro, 40c B ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c %( sack; Garlic, V «iilc *$ Ib-
POITLTKY AKltj GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Kastern it expected to-day.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13315 c 9 ir.
for <;obbleri. li<@lsc for Hens: youn* Turkeys,
16@18c; Geese, V pair, $ (ifjl 25; Goslings, $1 25fti;
1 75; uncks, $2 60@3 50 "$ doz for o d and !ji3 s.).'f>
5 for young; Hens, -fl'a(">: Roosters, younc, $1
ts"Bdoz: do, old, *4@4 50; Fryers, *3 60@4:
rollers, 930850 for large and $ i 25@2 50 for
small ; Pigeons, $1 50&2 fA doz for you,,, $1 50
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTKB, CHBBU AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The week opened with another ad
vance. The market is very firm, with moderate
stocks. i
Creameby— Fancy, 21@22c; seconds, 19@20c
V It.
Dairy— Fancy, la@2oc ** Ib: good to choice,
17<§>18e; loxersrad s, 14@16c
I'ICKLEU— lr@l7c ft, Ib.
Fiukix— l4ol6« "r 1 tt>.
(Hi l-sK- Fane*- mild new, t>c Tb: common to
good, 6%<ViS%c: Cream Cueddar. 10@llc: Younc
Am.ricH, Western, 10©llc: astern, 11@
13c t* Ib. •
EGGS— Most dealers reported the market rather
quieter and easier, without any change in quota
tions. Oreeon are quotab <• at 13&14 c; East
ern, 14®15c; store Em 12@l-lc for ordinary and
15i@>17y 2 c tor good: ranch Eggs, ll i^,2»c, with
some saies even higher: cold-storage ranch, 17@
18c; Duck Eggs, 16(0,17 '$ doi.
•DECIDUOUS AM) CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD PBUITS-
Cling Peaches continue In sharp demand on can
ning account and I. rices are stilt higher. Plums in
bulK are about over and Pears also.
Quinces, 40@50c *$ box.
Peaches, 4U@7sc j* box, 25@55c IR basket and
$25@32 30 j* ton for dims.
Plums, •_T.(g(H5c f. box; Japanese Plums, 25(240c;
Prunes, 25@4Uc V box.
Pomegranates are on the market at $2 ?>. box
asked.
App es, 75c@$l 25 ¥ box for choice and 400600
for common.
Pears. -20(0,40 ■ $ box; Bartletts, 4C@6sc %l box
and *15@18 '^ ton.
Figs, .Ar^&Jc *$ box for white and 35@75c for
black, double layers.
BTiRRIlff ■Onljr two or three chests of Straw
berries came in and quotations are therefore nomi
nal. Receipts of other jerries also very slender.
strawberries, %* chest for Longworths and
for large berries.
Raspberries, »4@»."> $ chest.
Blackberries, $2 - o@3 *$, chest.
Huckleberries, .'ro.7<- f* Ib.
GRAPES— The market Is well supplied and dull.
Seedless, 40fa;.»>0r ox- Isabellas, 13 frate: To
kays, 40@75. "$ box; Blbck (.rapes, 404C60c^p bx:
Muscats, .-I5(a.8()e "$ box: Sweet waters and Fon
tainebleaux, 2. (^:^^c%^ box; Grapes in crates bring
stolocmo.-e than in boxes.
Zinfandel Wine Grupes sold at $20 9 ton.
MELONS— a good many c«rned-over Canta
loupes had to be dumped Sunday. Watermelons,
$4@iu %< 100: Cantaloupes, '25@50c « crate; Nut
lii'-KS. 16@'.'5c fi box.
Cll'Ri FRUITS — Oranges are nominal
at $2@3 for VaeiKias and «1 50@2 *^» box for
Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1 50«A2 *$ x>ox
for common and *2 ftO'a.3 tor good to choice: Mex
ican Limes as Is, $3 f* box: repacked, $5@7: Cali
fornia Limes, 75c(a)fl 50: Bananas, $I@2 ~$
bunch; Pineapples, tp2@3 50 # doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIKD FRUIT.-i—
Apricois are rirm and spot stocks are cleaning
np. All other fruits are dull.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Carload Lots— New Apricots, 6@6i/4cln sw at
box, 6@7c f» Ib *• °- b. coas and B@9c for fancy
Jloorpurks; new Prunes. 3 1 •_■<■: new Peaches, 3%0
I* r- in the sweat-box and 4@4%c f. o. b. coast.
Jobbing Phi. ks— New Peaches. 4i/4@sc: fancy,
s Vic; new Apricots, 6@7c: new evaporated Ap
ples, 6%©6 c V Ib; old 1 runts. 3c for four size 3;
new Fins, black. -2V-2@3c for imp es.sed and 3@3%
for pressed: white 1 is. :: j .i..tolc: Plums, 3y ®4c
for pitted and 1@11.3C for unpitted; new Nectar
ines, 4(0,5c ,-■ Ib tor prime to choice.
. i.ai>l.\ss— Prices are as follows. carload lots, f.
o. b., Fresno: Four-crown, loose, 3^4@-*c: 3-crown,
loose, 3V4c; 2-crown, •J :; 4" V. tt>; seeaiess sultanas,
3c; seedless Mum. Ati is, I^4 C 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c "r 1 box; clusters. 91 s.'xvil 60: Debeea clus
ters. $2 10@2 25; Imp-r.::l clusters, $2 60602 75
Jobbing i'Ri. vb— Four-crown, loose, 4V4c: 3
crown, 3% c : it-crown, S'a'" "$ Ib; seedless Snl
tanas, 4c ri Ib; seedless .Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London la.«rs. 75&90.-;; clusters. #1 6U@l 75:
Debesa clusters, 92 50: Imperial cluster*, 2 76.
NUTS— Quo atlons are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c ? Ib for Lantuedoc,
l* Ib for hardshell and 9(<«10c t», Ib for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4(g,dc I*l Ib for Kasiern and
— for California; HicKory Nats, s<g»6c ■ Ib; I
Pecaos, 7^Mftc; Filberts, 7y268c; i>ruzil N'UiS,
7%@Bc %* Ib; Cccoanuts, 1408 r 100.
HuNKY— comb, 10@l'2V2>-- lor bright and 6<£9e
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6 W 2 ;
light amber extracted, ■'Vilflli^tCi dark amber, -1©
4Vic; aark, i@3c > Ib.
ijEEbWAX— 2 6c V Ib.
VISIONS.
No change whatever. ,
CURED MI. ATS- Bacon Is quotable at 6%c
for heavy, 7Vac '# Ib for light medium. 9@9%c
for light, lC@llc for -extra lisnt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12&121
California Hams. 10@llc Mess Beet, *7<3>
8: extra mess do, *8: faniil. do. $10: extra
prime Pork, fOfjiU 50; extra ci.ur, *13 f »»bl;
mess, $11 f.Oia 12 f( hoi: - nio,e ( ! Beef, 10c "f« It.
1 A lll)— Eastern tierces la quoted at 4 Vic V tt>
for com poo no and 51,4 c for pure; pails, »>< r n>.
California tierces, 4 Vie for compound and 61/jc; or
j pure: i>h f-bbis, 6s,ic; 10-lb tins, oAfco: do 5-ib.
t;:..' r Kb.
1 of I OLENE— 6Vs@6%c in half-bb!s and 63 /4
71-8 • & in 10-tt. tins.
I111)K>, TALLOW, WOOL AM) HOI'S.
HIDES AND SKlN— Heavy salted steer's
are quoted at 6c > Ib; culls and brauds,
•'(i.') : > ib: medium, 5c %* Ib; culls and
brands, 4@4vijC V tt>: light, 4c; culls and
branas, st®3i^c; Co«ruld-s. 4®4>/ac: culls and
bran Is, "to le; snlted Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c V Ib:
Baited Veal, sc; - dry Hides. 9:a9Vi<*: culls and
branas, 7c; <i:v Kip and Veul.7'aßc: cull-, 6c;
dry Calf, l'2@l4c; culls, !S(g,9 ; liw. skins. 20®
35c each: K-ds, sc: l>eer.,kins, ko a rammer,
26 .-7'- ;.'■-. nii'dium, 15(&. 2Vic: winter, 7@loc;
sheannn 10a 15c each: shor. wool,
"ofe3sc each; medium, 40%JkOceach: Ions; wools,
.".1 . v.i 1 each. Cull* 01 all kinds about % j less.
. Ai.i. W— .mi. 1. reiniered, *2y2<i3c: no. 2,
2'4c: refined, 43.4ra5c: Grease, Sic ft tt>.
WOOL— UunnoMl and MenJocino, 10@llc; Val
ley 1 in icon. lOAIIcV Ib; do .ower grades, 8(«10o:
Nevada, 6@B .<•: San Joaquin and Southern
( 0..5-. six months, 4fa6c: san Jonquin, fooihlll,
(rood to choice, 6%@7%c; San Jo<.qul-i, year*!
fleece 4va..%i/»c; nor^uern tree, 7@9c; uo defective,
65.(i!-. r Ib.
Hops— .Nominal at 2@4c V Ib for 1835 and 6c
for 1896.
OBNBBAX MKIUHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta <:raln Bags, siiot, 94 25; San
Qii'Trii,, $4 20; Wool Basrs. 24 '^(&,26i.' a c.
COAL- Wellington. 98 i» '.on; New Wellington,
98 1 ton: Southneld Wellington. $7 50 f> ton;
>eattie, .?r.io.r> 50: Bryan. #5; t oos ray, $4 BO;
Wallsend, .* 7 : scotch, «7 50; Brymbo. $7 50;
( amber id, .sl3 50 V on In hulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania •. nthraclte Egc.9ll »* ton: Welsh
.»nthraci;e, $9; Cannel. 97 50; ■ o<:k Springs,
Castle '• te and Pteasant Valley, *7 60; Co^e,
$1 5f.3.1'2 in hulk and $ 1.1 "# ion In 'sks.
PETROLEUM. G»OLI.NE. ETC. —Prices
are lower, a* follows: Water-while Coal On, in
bulk, 11 1,2'- ¥"■ gal:' Pearl Oi:, la cases. i7%c
1- pal: A-.r .1, do. 17% c"s sal; Star, do, 17 % c:
Extra "-tar oil, In case*, 21 %c; Kbiltie, do, •22V»c:
Koci-ne. do, ii<' 2 ': Deodorised stove Gasoline, in
bu:k, 18c; do, in cases. 19c: 6:v Deodorized
Naphtha, in buik, 12c: b9*do in ca-es. 17% c: 86°
G«fiO'.ine, In bulk, '..0 : 86° do, in cases, 25c '& »:al.
TUKPENTINE— !'rl' • s have advance , as iol
iO'.v-.: In cases, 4 1c; in Iron barrels, 36c; lv wooden
barrels, 38c V gal.
SUGAR— 'i he Western Sugar !'efln!ne Company
quotas, lerms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 53/gC: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
l.i ed, i-- + ■■; *-onfectionerV a. 4 3 / 4 i-: .n asnoiia A,
48/ c; i-x.rai 1 . ii 4 r : (joidenC, 4 i/gi-; half barrels.
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAX FRANCISCO MKAT MAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers ar • as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%®5c; second do. 4@
4%c: third do. 31 or > Ib
V X A 1.-! a._-. . 4®sc; small, .Vd6? «4 tt>
•' MUTTON— Wethers, 4Vb@sc; " Ewes, 4@4%c
¥m. " *
LAMB— 6@6c^ Ib •
PORK— Live i.ous. 23,4 c*H Ib for large and 3c
for small and medium : dressed do, 4%issc %* tt>
KECEIPTS OF rUOUI'CE.
for 24 hours.
Floor, qr sks.... 23,272 Cheese, ctl 20
Wheat, ctls 86.M-»KpK<t.doz 2,010
Parley, els 106,390 Hides.no 101
Oats, ctls 3,430 Pelts, b'lls <■ 70
Beans «ks 31 1 1 Wine, gals 47,506
Corn, ctls 1.8 0 Leather, r0115.... 215
Potatoes, sks.... 4,465 Wool, bis *Q
onions, s<s 689 Sugar, bbU 220
Bran, sks 1.448 Quicksilver.flsks 4S
-Middlings, sks... 200 Tallow, ctls. ... 274
Hay, tons.. 1,207 Flaxseed. sks... 660
Butter, ctls 110 Lime, bbls 81
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values for Corastock shares were ■Mehtly off
yesterday, but the decline was insignificant. Occl
il'-iiiii: was very weak, selling from 62c down to
53c on He afternoon call.
Closing quotations appear below.
The weekly reports from the Con. stork aro m
follows: *
COM Cat.. <fc Va.-1000 level- crosscut '2
started at a point In north drift 550 feat north
from Con. Virginia shaft station or fes fe t south
from north boundary line of mini- hits been •>:,
tended 29 feet, passing through porphyry und clay,
with asllL'lit seepage Of wa.er; total length 617
feet. 1650 level— On ninth floor (Mr* floor above
sill floor) . ast crosscut started from south drift at
a point 500 feet in from Its mouth or about 60 feet
north from south boundary line was udvanred 16
fee. pass through porphyry, clay and quartz
assaying $1 per ton. 1750 level— From thirteenth,
lilt «n, h, sixteenth, tweuty-tlrst and twenty-fourth
Hours above sill floors of this leY 1 lit the north
end ot stope in old around of form»r work
have extracted during the week 109 tons, the
average assay va ue of which per samples taken
from oars in mine was $37 84 per ion.
From the sixteenth floor from the upraise which
connects with th twenty-fourth floor an east
drift has been stnried ami advanced 37 feet
through porphyry and some old stop* workings,
■Staying; from $10 to $15 per ton. No work has
been doo* in the openings from upraise carried up
from northwest drift from mum w st drift from C.
C. shaft. 50 f<-ei above sill floor of Oils lev.
I otal extraction of ore for week amounted to 109
tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken 1:0 .11 cars when raised to surface,
wjis*H6 48. Have shipped to Morgan mil 703
tons of ° "' assaying, per rallroat car sunii'le,
$.>0 56 per ion. A verage assay value per battery
samples of all ore worked at that mill during week
(600 tons) was $47 33 per ton.
In the !>p!,j r mine on the 1000 level west cross
cut 1 started .it a point in the south drift from the
shaft station 70 feet north of the south boundary
is in 650 fei. The forma ion shows heavy
ground pressure, which requires constant easing
of timbers and repairing to keep the crosscut
open. There Is no chance In tbe condi. ion Of the
central tunnel portion of the mi::e, in which the
usual prospecting worlc is beini; do:ie.
In the t hollar mine (COBMtOCK workings'!. In
the stops above crosscut 2 on the 450 level, tbey
are working B'>uth oa ;he ninth and ten:h fi ><>rVi
east of the o!d stope on a stacK of pay varying
irom three 10 four feet in width of fair eri.de. The
fllllncs at this point are too low In k,rade to save.
In the south slope on this l< vel .here is little
change in app>a.ance or yie.d, except that the
streak of i>ay east of he old stupe is smaller and
poorer. Have saved during the week 115 tons and
1-00 pounds of ore. which has been shipped to the
Nevada mil. Average battery sample for the
week *22 89 per ton.
The following local incorporations disbursed div
idends during the past month. •
Name. Per Share. Amount.
Ce-ntia! liaslieht ?1 00 $20,000
Edison L. and P. CO 66*/, 13,466 |
Oakland I. as Co 25 7,500 i
Pa<ifieGa« Imp. Co 60 15.000]
Pacific Lighting Co 85 7,000
*• F. Gaslight 35 35.000
Spriug Vailey Water 50 61,500
San Jose Water 60 4,241
California-street Cable Co 50 5,0i'0
Alaska Packers' Association.. 75 35.552
Hutch mson Plantatiou 25 12,500
Pacific Telephone 30 9.300
Sunset Telephone 20 6.00!)
California Cotton Mills 100 6,000
Pacific a uxi iary Fire Alarm. 05 1,250
Homestake Mining Co 25 31.250
Ontario Mining Co 10 15.000
l>aly Mining Co 25 3?, 500
Total $388,089
A summary of the dividends for the month com
pares as follows;
1895 1896.
Ons compnnles *90,H33 $97,966
Water companies 6-.7 41 65.741
Railroad companies 10,000 6.000
Sugar companies 7,500 12.500
Telephone companies. 15.300 15.300
Mining companies 92.650 83.750
Miscellaneous companies 10.250 42,782
Totals $293,774 $323,039
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
EKOI'UE MORNING SKRSIOS, COMHKSCINO 9:30.
3'in A1nha.....06|200 C Point... 3oll OJ Poto»!..1.00
200 Blcher... 2K200 Excnqr.. .04il00Sav 60
50 B 4 8..1.K1100 HAN.. .1.451200 Sefj BeU.lO
400 ISulliou. ..OB|SOJ Mxcn 66150 _ S» 46
500 fiulwer...3B! 50 Occld 62 100 47
50 371150 OlilOO Union 87
200 Cballnic... 4B3oo Onhlr. . . 1.00i300 Utah 07
100 Ch0ir.. .2.201100 0vrmn. ...171700 YJaokec..4O
100 Conn... 1.35' I
AFTKRNOOX SFJSSIOK— 3 :30.
400 Alpha U6 lOD Confl . ..1. 30200 Occldtl.. ..54
60 051200 1.36 50 53
100 Alta lli-'OO Crwn Pt..27 50 65
100 Andes 311400 Exchqr....o4'2oo Ophlr 93
1050 B <fc 8.1.05 MOO <i AC 63;20UPotoai 90
200 Bodle 64 200 HAN.. .1.401^00 SavaK 64
600 Bulwer....4f)'loD .. . .1.4J'100 H Nev 44
400 Challne...44j--'OO Justice.. ..Oß'JOO Union ...36
liOO Chllr .. .2.101100 Ovrmn.... 15500 V JaCK 1...36
100 CCAV...1.75i100 14! 60 35
Following were tbe sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Kmri.Aß SKSisioN— lo:3o.
1900 A1pha.. .06400 «.ti01r....2y g >3oo Ophlr 96
700 Alia 300 2.10-100 95
300 14 200 2.071/^4OO Overman. 17
800 A ... S3 200 Conn ....13. 2UO Potosl .... 99
600 Blchr i! 8 200 1.3u 600 .. 9-.
200 £AB iV 8 50> C Imp ...02;300 95
9JO 1.10,500 03200 94
'200 1.07V- '-'DO C Polnt~..B-J 300 91
100 1.05.400 30 300 Sav< 60
100 Bodle 64 ! 4 00 (;*('... 55300 69
'200 l-.u11t0n...09 900 HAS 1.47 400 56
300 Caled 400 1.421/2 500 Scorplon..o6
150 Cuallge... 4Bl*oo 1.40 300 58.feM....10
300 *, 49 200 Justice.. ..o6 400 ri.\v 44
200 46400 Mcx 55600 Union... 34
100 47200 54N00 Ut»h 08
200 45:300 Occd 57 tjlrti V Jot... 38
450 CCV....1.H() l 300 0ph1r. ..1.00 500 37
400 13,4:200 300 36
AFTtRS'OOS SESSION— 2 30.
Mm AlDha 06*200 CCV i:«/4|4OJ Ot>hlr..-..95
200 Alta 13 100 C0nn.1.27V 200 0vrmn... .15
300 IV 50 13 /8 261) PoiOil 90
*-"00 Andes 31 130 1.402J0 *Say .65
800 8»1ceier....27 300 1.46 100 66
(>OO B <fcri....l.''6 800 C P0int.. .27(200 57
900 Bodle 65 400 .......'29 300 Soorpion..os
200 6ti|3oo SWoVO b NT 43
100 Bum er.... 39 2 0 311400 44
300 »0!.40O O A C. ... 551-200 Union C...;J4
200 Caleda . 12 400 H&N ...1.40 200 35
300 Cbalng... 46<00 1.421,-. 200 Utah 07
,ii 46 200 Julia. (17 400 * J «*>«.»(.. .;<..-,
40. 47; -00 Justice. ..o6 00 36
-.00 5')!3U«) Mxcd 64 200 37
10 » Choir.. .2.00 -MM) Mono '20*200 39
100 -.10 600 56'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. August 31-4 P. M.
Hi*- A ■• Mid. As L
Alpha Con. ... 06 IWJackson 25 —
Air*. 12 13!Jolla . — OH
Andes. 30 32 Ju5tice......... 05 07
Belcher *2H 29Ken'oclc 05 16
Best A Belcher 1.0.1 l.lu'i.ade Wash.... — D 4
Benton Con . — '20 . Mexican 52 64
Bodte 65 —Mono 19 —
8u11i0n ........ L 7 08, Nevada Queen. 03 —
Bulwer. 39 414 1 Occidental..... 64 55
Caledonia. 11 12;ophir ... 95 96 i
Chollar 2.10 2.15 Overman- 16 17 i
C0n.Ca!AVa...1.76 80 Potosl 92 94
Challenge Con. &0 52i>avai;e ;. 65 56
Con. Imperial. o*2 03 >corplon — 06
Confidence 1.45 1.50 ; >cir. l»elch»r... 09 10
Con New York 04 —Syndicate — 04
i rown Point... 30 31 silver Hi 11.... 01 03
Knstsierra Nev — 14 >lerra Nevada. 43 45
KurekaCon... 25 —I' lon Con 34 36
hxclieauer .... 03 04 Utah — 08
' iuuiu »v urry. 64 65 Velio W Jacket. 38 40
li*le<&Norcrs.l.4o 1.45
GOLD MlM\(i ICXOHA.XOB.
Champion ....„ i Asked Princess 70
Asked 25 00 100 savannan 48
Edna 50<) Sebasiopol .. 30
Asked 35 I'horpa
■Jraal Asked 85
Asked 30 100 Chollar 2 20
100 Lock wood Con.. '2b 100 Hale A Norcrs. 1 45
100 100 Savage til
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. A lie. 31-2 p. M.
TJKITEI) STATES BONUS.
£,ri. Atk'd. Bid. AtkeA.
0 8 45c0np..105V2106 US4areg... — 107%
Do new Ihsucll-j3 4 —
MlhCl- I.HNK-.r-s t-OVK.
Cal-ntCbieSs — 111 PncßollM<»\ « _.
C»l LHi 117 — Do'2dls6».. — _
CntraCWSi — 04 l'dUKy6i. — 115
I Dpnt-stex-CD Ho 97J^ PACh Ry6i. — 107
1 dsn l.<ftP6sil7 - IPwl-si RRUv. — 116^
h4llll;i'.6i - 106% Keno. WiAfeL — 105
(ieary-stR5». — 107i',,is a rtn PAL. — )0-2Va
losAiml.m. — 100 IsK&Ni'RSs. 95 98
i DouateadCa — »5 t'T'KßAristis — 97%
I Mkt-siCble6j — 120 SPKltCaltfs. — llOi/,
I ons». 103 104 1/ 2 Sl'RßCa'. in. — —
N»tVln6sls: 96 — >PhrßCalß* — 99y*
NevCN«K7» 85 - SV\Vate:6s. 1181,41 186/«
Xl'tHli6iHW - *^V\Vater4s.. 96 —
NKy Cal 6s. — 100 StktnGAK6i - 100
NRy Cal ss. - ICO Suns: l'&Ttt*. — —
Oak lias ss. 102 — Sutter-slßii^ 106 —
lo2d is 65.101V2105 VisaliaWcu — —
i u. iiu.wj 03. Ilbi/41165,ij
\>Alh.H - rr , - X -, .
I Contra Costa — 40 ISanJo.se.. — _
I MuniiCo ... 5J 63 |Sprns Valley 94% —
. iAt STOCKS. ' .
! Capital 171/2 30 Pacific Llaht — 491,4
Central.. 95 — San Francsco 88 89
Oak An - 52 £lOCklou . — 20
Ike Caaalnip. (52 83 I
N -IK(.V:it «TO--lt*.
Flreman'sFdls7V!il67 |Sun 25 60
COMMKKCIAL HANK ST'VK*.
AmerBATC. — — London PAA. 123% —
Anclo-Cal — 58 I.ondoiiAxfc'. — 27%
BankofCal.. — 234 Merch Kx... 12 —
cal t> DATCo 1071/2 110 .Nevada — J —
Jrirbt^u.iom. - lt>o |hainer 800. — —
'AVixn< hank 'ptotk*.
I f-erß<%l/*0. 1250 1260 SavA Loan.. — 100
IIumbSAUIIOO 1450 ISeCOIlly — 275
1 Mutual — 4(1 Union Trust. 750 — *
' 1 ■«> L iiiu.i — 480 | * * ■ .
BTBKBT RAILRo*n«T<VK*.
California.... — 10? |Oak HLAIIar _ 100
I Oeary-st. — 70 Presidio 0 —
| l.urkui-ai_... 41 41%Sutter-st - —
10WKKK BTOCKa
Atlantic n.. 15 — iGlantCon. 16 —
Kastern D... 70 — Judson U.. ' — —
Cainornia.... 70 — Ivicorlr. — 1
M "i'i»i mum stocki.
Ainsknrkrs. 90 90% Nat VlnCo.. _ _
BikiK'oKiCo. — 10 Oceanic — 20
C;il Cot Mills — — ,I'acAuxKA I —
KdUon L!chtU3V'all4% oraxCa 98 100
<ii\«ConAssn. — — jl'ac Roll Mill — —
('erLeadCO. SO 100 Part PaintCo 6Vt TV*
lU«(Vtsi'o.. 15 16%'p«cTr-nsCo. — 24
iiulchSl'Co l"l^ JO I'ac TAT Co. 72 — ■
MerKxAssn.lOU 110 S-üßwtTitl'. 41 —
HKlecLijjht — 41/ a Uulled C Co. — XS
BALK3— AITUHNDUX sKSSId.-f.
Fnarrt —
6 Edison Lleht A PowarCo.... 113 25
4 German savings A L0an...... ...... 1250 00
6 Pac Gas Imp 82 00
Sirvi-i —
40 Edison Light & Power Co 1)2 00
■25 do do . 112 25
3000 V 4* Bonds '... 96 60
BALKS— 11.111 -I V . MCSSta-*.
Roar<l—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 90 00
10 Edison Lluht A Power Co. 113 50
60 Hutchinson .-. P Co. ... • 19 50
60 S FUasllKni 88 00
26 SV Water 95 00
Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 90 00
•• — — • ■
THE CALL CALENDAR
Skitkmbkr, 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu. W. Th.l Fr.jSa. j Moon's Phases
" Z Z Z Z _|MS *%£?"•
tf 7 8 9 10 11 12!>"V)Flrs Quarter
: I |s^ Sept. 13.
13 14 ils 16 17 18 19 ,-j. Full Moon.
<£/ Sept. 21.
20 21 22 183 24 — — (n LMtQuarter .
sept- 29.
27 i 28 ! 29 ' 30 I
OCEAN STEAMERS
Pat*»q of Departure From Sun Franrl«co.
BTKAMKR ; DESTINATION. | SAILS. | PIER.
1 nick re ... coos bay Sept 1,12 m I Pier 8
City Puebla.. Vie i Pet Sn<i Sept 1. t<* w Pier 9
Empire 1 Oreson ports . Sept '2.1- M Pier 1 i
Santa Rosa. San Diego . Sept '.' ;i*m Pier IL
Pomona.... Hum&oiritH*? sept '.', 'Jrv \ Pier »■
Kio Janeiro. China & Japan Sept 3, Hvm PMSS
Araco I root ii*r.:... Sept 4.10 am ' Her li
farailOD... Ino ulna Bay.. Sept 4. asi i'ut
Coos 8ay.... Ncwnor: Sept 4. 9am Pier II
Weeott i Kel Kiver -opt 4. 5p.M Pier IS
Colombia... ; Portland Seyt b.iuam ■ l»ler
Sunol Urays Harbor sept s.l'J M Pier '1
arcata j Oregon ports.. >ept 6,lUam j Pie' 24
walla Walls Vie A Pjct Sna Sept 6. 9am • Pier 9
Corona San Die^o Sept 6.11 am Pier LI
ABlanchartl Orecon ports.. Scot 7. spm Pier V.i
Colon Panama Sept «,I'_» PMSS
Enr«lca.... \inoor: Sept 8. Vim Pier II
State or Cal. : Portland . SeptlO.lUAM Pier 2t
TEAMERS TO ARRIVE
KOM
>!■>■■
Mackinaw Tacoma ! ..Sept 1
Arcata ; Portland Sept 1
Pomona Humboldt Bay Sept 1
Karnllon Yaquina Bay ..Sept 3
Coos Hay Newport sept 2
Wa'ilu Walla... Vicioria * Putjet Sound ..Sept 2
Columbia I'ortland :-ept ••!
Colon : Panama Sept 2
Siuiol tiray.s Harbor Sept 2
Aiauo ; Coos Bay Sept 2
We.-ott 'Kel River Sept 3
North For*. Jlumboldtßav Sept 4
Corona Sau Diego sept 4
Aiiceßlanchard jOregon ports fc>ept 5
Eureka 'Newport Sept 6
Peter .lebsen... I Nanaimo Sept, 6
San Benlto iTacoma .. .Sept B
State of Cal .... 'Portland Sept 7
Uraatilla. Victoria <fe Puget Sound ..^ept 7
Crescent City...! Crescent City '.. ..Sept 7
New|K»rt Panama Sept 8
Santa Koaa isau Dleso _ : ..Sept 8
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. P. COA«T AHI> GKODBTTO PtTBVKT Trt>S*^
Br__RTIN PCBLISHID BT OFFIOIAH >•
AUTHORITY OK TUB SUPKKIXTKSDKXT. )
Tuesday. September _.
Son rises 5.40 [ Moon rise* 11.46pm
Sun sets 6. 39 1. M00n seis
Septenib«r— l99o.
j»|Ttme: Keet Time) Keet I Tilnoe | Fe<st ill^i Feet
r I. W II W i !Uw! |H \V|
1, 0.33 0.7 8.44
2 1.88 O.A] 9.25
3 2.24 0.1 I 9.59
41 a. 12 -0 1 10.27
5] 8.54—0.2-10 56
6 4,82 —0.1 1 11.20
7 6.11 0.1 11.47
H. 9 Ml. 10,
4.1132.44
4.4jj2.00|
4.7 J3.00
6.2 y3y 3 51
b.i 4.40
5.5 5.28
3.6 6. 35 1
3.6 6.52
3.8 8.00
3.2 9.00
2.6 9.55!
2.0 1048'
1.5]11.40|
5.5
6.7
5.9
6 0
6.0
5.8
Note— In the anove exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and th« successlv« tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives tfie second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
sccurs. The heights given are additions to tbe
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnas sign (— ) precedes tbe
height, and then ihe number given is subtractiyo
from the denth ci yen by • he ch«rrs
UVa/liOiißAl'HlC BULLETIN
Branch Htdbookaphic Offtcr. U. 3. N.. ■>
Merchants' F.xcHAVfuc V
San 1-haNcibco. August 31. 1891. '
The time ball on Telegrapn Hll> was arooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at a c. M., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fechtei.er,
TJpurpnant U. *-. N. in ch-irce.
»*-»*« - __t*_ i jgif ai^iTTf*- I^* • -i ■
Arrivert.
MONDAY, August 31.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland 38 hours from Monterey
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins >t Co.
Stmr Santa Kosa, Alexander. 6 3^4 hours fii San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Uoodall, Perkins <fc
Co.
stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. 50 hours from Re
dondo; bnllan ,to "aspar Lumber Co.
ship L'ewellvn J Morse, Bindberg, 17 days from
Karluk; 49.8- 5 cs salmon, 38t> bf-bbls salmon, to
Aliiska i'ackers' Assn.
Brshlp "oss-shre, Baxfr. ri3 days from Syd
ney ; 3515 tons coal to J J Moore A Co.
B rk Columbia Gove. 13 days from Port Blake
ley; 750 M ft lumber and piles, to Renton, Holmes
<fc Co
Schr Maid of Orleans, Arff, 9 days from Grays
Harbor; cords staveboits, to California Bar
rel Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
60 bxs hmter. to RosbA Hewlett.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, '.'4 hours from Bowens
Landing; bark, to Bender iiros.
C«eare I
MONDAY. August 31.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Rrship Invema, Tod, Que«ustown : O W Mo-
Near.
Br ship Durham. Doty, West Hartiepool; Bal
four, Uuthrie A Co.
schr Annie Larsen, White, Ocos: C D Bunker A
Co.
Srhr Muriel. Carlsen. Honoipa; Williams, Dl
mona it Co. •' ■" -■ ■'■'.
Sailed.
MONDAY. August 31.
Ptmr Point Arena. Johnson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Protection. Kllefsen. I'sal.
Stmr Eureka. Jepson. San Pedro.
Stmr Mlneola, Pillsbury, Coraoi.
stmr state of California. Ackley, Astoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Tlllamook. Hansen.
Scbr Muriel, ('arisen, HonolDU.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson.
Sohr Pilot Jensen.
Schr \V S Phelps. Mercer, Mendocino.
» «"i«>(l *■»•>'» 1
POINT lOßns. Ausrnst 31— 1> r. m. — Weataar
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles,
Charter*.
The Nor stmr St Andrews was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to St Vincent for orders, 28s
9d.
The Br ship Dnnfernline loads wheat at Tacoma
for Kurope. 26s 3d.
The schr Defender loads lumber at Eureka for
Honolulu; Brsbtn Krrnl, lumber at Moody ville for
Adelaide; bktn Uncle John, lumber at .Eureka for
Callao. '..>;:
Ante 2— Lat 8 37 N. long 142 22 w, Br ship
Yarkand. from Puget Sound, for Calcutta.
<>om«stic . "<>rt.«
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 31— Schr Albert Meyer
from New What com.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 29— Schr Peerless, for
San Francisco.
HARDY CRICEK— SaHed Aug 31— Stmr Cleone
for "■an Francisco.
KUKEKA — Arrived Aug 81— Stmr North Fork,
hence Auk 29.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aus; 30— Schr Comet
from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrlved An? Schr
Norm a. hence Aug 13: schr La Glronde, from Re
dondo /
. P iRT A STELES- Arrived Aug 31— Bark Kos
ciusko. from Honolulu.
eORT TOWN SEX Arrived Aue 31— stmr
Make Maru. from Yokohama, via Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed Aug 31— Ship John C Potter,
hence Aui? 7. for Nanaimo; schr Meteor, from San
Pedro, for Port Gamble.
PORT G AMBLE-. Aug Sl— Br ship Nel
lie Troop, from Ainov.
ASTußla— Sailed Aug Sl— «imr Columbia, for
San Francisco; Br ship Clackruannanshlre, for
South Africa,.
Arrived Aug 31— Br ship Tweeisdale, from Bris
bane.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Aug 31— Stmr Alcazar,
for Newport
BaN DON— Arrived Aug 30— Schr Mary Gilbert,
hence A us; 19.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 31— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
Eastern Port*, -
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 30-Shlp Roanoke.
from Honolulu.
For*iien Port*.
FA LMOUTII— Arrived Aug 29— Br ship Ard
namurchan, hence May &
MELBOURNE— Arrived Aug 28— Br ship Morl
alta. lience June 7.
YOKOHAMA — Arrive 1 Ajg 27— stmr Belglc,
hen< c auk 8. via Honolulu.
VICTOKlA— Sailed Aug 27 — Br shipßlythswood
for san Francisco.
NAGASAKI— To sail Aug 12— Ship Kennebec,
for Port Townsend.
RIO DE JANEIRO— In port July 28— Br shlD j
( rocod.le. for San Francisco; Br oar* Dee, for I
Orei;on.
JUNIN— In port July 20— Br bark British Prin
cess, for .-an Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 25— Br ship Inchcapp
Rock, tor Portland; <Jer bark Rohllla, tor San
Francisco.
Movement* of Trnn<<- Atlantic St^atnrwr*. !
- NEW YORK— Arrived Auk 31— Stmr Saale fm |
Bremen; stmr of California, from (» as ow;
stmr 11. cla. from Marseilles; stmr Frlesland. from
Aniwetii
BREMEKHAVEN- Arrived out Aug 31-Stmr
Alter.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Aug Sl— Stmr Fur
nassla. •
GENOA— sailed Aug 30— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm
11, .or New York.
BEACH V HEAD— Passed Aug 31— Stmr Italia,
from Hambure. for New York.
PRAWLK POlNT— Passed Aug 31— Stmr Edam
from Amsterdam, tor New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Aug 31— Stmr Maasdam, frm
New York, lor Rotterdam.
mimr »'n»i.
PORT HARFORD— Per Santa Rosa— B bxs rish,
1 bx rock. B pkgs mdse, 95 odis hides and pells,
16 bxs 1 keg butter, 33 bales wo >l, 31 ca egKS, 56
bxs green up l>'s, 83 on green pears. 200 sks oats,
301- sks barley. .6 coops chickens, 13 dressed
calves
Steeles— ls39 sks barley, 26 sks feed, 100 sks
flax.
Nlpoma-2001 sks barley, 522 sks beans, 117 sks
oats, 95 sks wheat.
Arroyo Grande— '2Bs sks beans.
Santa Maria— 1042 sks barley, 1266 ska oats, 626
sks beans.
Los Alamos— l7B sks oats.
Zaca— l37B sks wli-at.
Los Olivos— 443 sks wheat.
Santa Barbara -2 is dry goods, 5 sks peppers. S2
bxs lemons. 4 pkgs mdse, tf sks crawfish. 4 bbls
mineral water.
Los Angeles— l 4 sks chillies, 35 puncheons wine,
271 sks corn.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— l cs hard
war*, 138 sks rals ns, 12 pices mdse, 7 cs axle
grease, 20 bb 3 singer ale, 8 pKi;s agricultural im
p.ements 1 15 bd.s hides tin , pell
Redondo— l bx boo<s. 7ca shoes, 2 Dxs garden
seed. 1 cs wine, 75 sks Rlnestoclc. S3 sks horns. 3
cs seed. 8 bxs oranges. 13 bxs lemons.
Los Angeles via Redondo-3 pkgs mdse, 33cs
dru^3, 1 cs syrup, 3 cs jelly, 6cs preserves, 6 cs
boo is. i* S < ■./
San Diego -7 pkgs mdse, 4 cs tobacco, 1 screen.
1 bx books, sea ings. i:00 bxs lemons. 1 bx
coftVa, 17!» bdls dry Hs:i, 1 cs hardware, 6 bx* «
plates, - pkgs mdse, 56 ocs curbing, 8 bxs seed, _
bx< oranges.
SfOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l cs eggs, 42 nks
potatoes.
Wa.sonville ex P V R R— 2 bxs drugs, 1 bbl
roes'.
Moro Cojo ex P V R R— 6ll sks barley. 1659 sks
potatoes.
sioquei— ?s bdls 500 reams paper, 7 pkgs mdse.
Santa Cruz— 36 sks bones, 5 pkgs mdse. 1000
obis lime.
Pigeon Point— '26 drums 100 bxs cheese, 3 bxs
butter.
Amesport— 3so sks oats, 30 >kgs mdse, 2 cseggs.
4bxsburter. 13 cs cheese, 18 SKa green peas, 17
sks green beans.
Con«!»ii»M.
Per Santa Rosa— Pacific Coast Fish Co; Sacra
mento Fish Co; American Union Fish Co: Arctic
Oil Works: Sawyer Tanning Co; Cal Bottling Co:
Enterprise Brewery; Bissinger <fc Co: 8 Strauss:
Hiimer, Bredhoil ASchiiiz; Dairymen's Union: E
T Allen: Kohier «S Chase: Norton, Teller A Co; F
Uri A Co; Witzel <fc Baker; Samuels Bros: Her
man Waldeck : W c Price it Co; D X Allison <fe Co ;
Marshall, Teggart A Co: 8 Levy & Co; A Fedora:
Western Meat Co: H Klrchmann it Co; Chicnco
Brewery: Dodge, aweeney i Co; L D Stone & Co:
Garcia it Margin); >iusheimer Bros: Hey wood
Bros Co; Brigham, HoppeifeCo: Thomas:
Union Brewery: X R Stevens * Co. 11 Dutard: H
Lachman; Erlanger & Galinger; M Ehrmau A Co:
Wheaton, Brton it Co : Moore, Ferguson ACo: S P
Milling Co: Black A Sons Co; Bassctt A Bunker;
A Levy A Co: II Heckman&Co; H Alexander: A
Levy A Co: Kveleth A Nash: J Ivancovlch A Co:
A Paladint: M Blaskower& Co: C M Volkman; B
J^rappoli & Co; California Wine Assn; San Fran
cisco and Pacific Glass Works: IXLTamale Co:
Crown Distillery Co; Royland Bros; Herges* A
Domenlconi; Haas, Baruch A Co; American Type
Foundry; Wm Lacke; G H T Jackson: Hills Bros;
W Wolff A Co; D M Osborne A Co; Johnson- Locke
Mercantile Co: Braunschweiger A Co; H Young:
EJBowen&Co; BXUeom; Jos Wagner: Cox
Seed and Plant Co; C B Whitney A Co; California
Elec rlcal Works; C H Tetzen;' F H Ames A Co:
Gray A Barbiert; C \V Chamberlain; F II Koch: B
X Manzie: Redlngton A Co; s J imbbel; Pacific
Coast Syrup Co: Wilson A Baechtel; Tapp .Bros:
C E Whitney A Co: -tin Francisco Brewing Co: A
HGriswold: A r.ier Press Assn; Gaskll A Re-ran:
S Jacobs: M F (.abral: M S Slmas: Hawley Bros;
W A J Sloane&Co: Wetmore Bros; MA Randall;
M J Braudens em A Co: Wolf A Son: W Jackson:
Bancroft Bros A Co; Levi Spiegel A Co; Union OH
Co: II O Green hood; Geo R >tarr A Co.
Per Gipsy-Norton, Teller it Co; Wolf A Son: S
E Watson: Thomas Loughran; N Ohlandt A Co;
western Roll Paper Co; a W Fink A Co; Union
Paper Co: Dairymen's Union; H cow-11 A Co: S E
Watson; Enterprise Brewery: Hammond A Brod;
Standard Oil Co: Dodge. Sweeney A, Co: H Dutard;
O B .Smith it Co: C Carpy A Co: A Galli Fruit Co:
Wheaton. Breou it Co: Martin, Feusier A Co: JE
Mullen: Getz Bros A Co: Herman Joost: PG Slmi;
Brigham. tlop:.e it Co : Cal Bottling Co: F B .loyc».
WAXTED—Overdue ikcouuts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY COUNTRY FOKKKJN
W. S. MORROW,
130 Sansome St. (Tal Red 411).
N. B.— No charge unless successful. Lis: of 8. F
references, mercamlie and professional, gratis and
po.it iree.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STE.\IS_UP COMP.U!
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Jitß^
kJ Broadway wharf, .Sau Francisco, a«-S_t_S
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit-
lisnco and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Sept. 11.26.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
sen Seattle, Tuc-oma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (Belllneham Bay, Wash.), 9 A. M.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21; 26, and .-very Huh day there
after, connecting nt Vancouver with the C. P. U.
R., atTa< onaa wi:h N. V. R. it., at Seattle with G.
N. l:y., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For lureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) Rtr. Pomona '2 p. m., Sept. _, 6, 10, 14,
18. .2, i.6. 3D. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San I tils Obispo), (isvloia, santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East san
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Bpt. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For >an Dieco. stopping only at Port Hartor.l
(San Luis Obispo), .-ant a Barbara, Tort Los An-
."eles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. Sept. _, 6, 10, 14, 18, -2, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For hnsenada. Sun Jo-ip del Cabo. Mazatlari, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street. •
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. ft days tc
HAWAII. SAMOA, &**. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. _fl by
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AL.U.hli ■, sails Via iKI.\U_L ami
A UCKLAN _ lor SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at '2 p. m.
S. s. aU TRALI HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. a: 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
11 . Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market si.. San Francisco.
ABTOBIA AEPORTLANR
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia satis Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 15, 25
feme of California sails
Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, SO
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. «t
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenL Supts,
i\ tf. CONNOR, General Aliens
630 Market street,
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRA.\S.4TH.VnQUB
Frencri I.ln-» to Ham.
pnM PA NY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH iMI
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -SW-ySK
this line avoid both transit by English railway aai
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yor_ to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
lira'.-c.as.-t $ 100: second-class, #110.
LA BOURGOGNE Sept. 5. 9 a. m.
L.a >'■' •• ■ '"l- Sepi. 1 SA. M.
LA TOURAINE i-ept. 19, V a. m.
LA GASCOU-NE.. Sept. 26. 3 a. ic.
LA BRBTAGNE Oct. 3, 7 a.m.
tS~ For further particulars apply to ifi] •.'■■
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /MSL.
__ fortnightly for the West Indies and ' U_a_i
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. In connection with th«
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and (Germany.
Through tickets lrom San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class $y7 50. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents.
3tW (•■■l'-'ornia-t.
- WIIiTESTAR LOB.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWKKS
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
sailing KVK_t_ W-CifK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jSt^ftU
\J mc to steamer ami accommodations _>_a|__[
eelecte.l : second cabin, s uudM O;MaJ'->,io
an ! Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
! through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
I Bailing- dates and cabin plans may be procured
! from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Hall Dock, or at tho
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. ii. W. FLETCHER.
Genera \ir-' tor P» • '■< < oast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
1 Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
i At o P. 31, Daily. Ireljfht received up
t<> ::: > P. Si.
jO~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
me only Hue matins through rates on Valley
Road freight.
. STKAMKKs:
T. C. Walker, «»• D- Peter*.
31ary liarratti City of Stockton.
'1 elephoiie -Mam 305. Cat. Nay. and Unpu CO
U.S. MY-YARD. MARE ISL IIO, YALLEJO.
*Beniria, P*»ri lo\ia. *< r< rkt>»r nd \.loiu.
STK. MONTICIiLLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (>..tnniay« ••l'":S3
*. k.), M:3O p. m. Sundays 8 p. m. on-., Offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
261; HATCH BRO=.
* 4 and 8 p. M. rips ou!y.
•* Excursion trip, Hives 5 hours at .Navy-yard.
FOR S A.\ JO.sE, i.OS GA iOS & SAXTA CRUZ
ST.-.AMEK AI.VISO LEAVE- PIEK 1 DAILT
a; 10 a. M. (Sundays ex.epied); Alviso daily at
7p. m. (Saturdays ex.epted). Freight and Pa*
senger. are between San FrancUco and Al visa.
50c: to S*n Jose. 75c. Clay tt., P.er 1 20 W
jama Clara su. San Jose. ' *" w *
/SXDEWEY 8-CO._#gg»_.
?PATENTsf 3
V^22o MARKET ST.S.F^g_*/TO PRESIDE AT
THE CONFERENCE
Bishop Games of the A. M.
E- Church Is Now on
This Coast.
REPORTS MUCH SUCCESS
Annual Session of the Califor
nia Conference to Meet
Wednesday.
MANY YEARS IN THE MINISTRY
He Found the Pearl of Great Price
When the California Argonauts
0 First Found Gold.
Oakland Offici San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aue;. 8L f
Delegates from all over tne coast are
already arriving to attend the annual con
ference of the A. M. K. Church, which
will meet in this city Wednesday morn
ing.
The president of the conference will be
.Bishop Wesley J. Gainer, sixteenth bishop
of the A. M. K. church. He is one of the
mest prominent officials of the Afro
-9 American church and is known all over
the Union and is at present the presidU
• ing bishop of the California conference.
The bishop was converted when he was
S years of ace and he delights to tell his
bearers how, while the pioneers of Cali
fornia were seekine gold in the nistoric
year oi '49, he was rewarded the same year
BISHOP GAINES of Atlanta, "Who Will Preside at the Annual
Conference of the A. M. E. Church.
by finding "the pearl of greatest price."
Bishon Games was licensed to preach in
June, 1565. ( and was admitted to the South
Carolina Conference of the A. M. E.
Church in 1866, and the same year was
ordained a deacon by Bishop Payne of
Savannah and an elder in 1567 by Bishop
WaymacP.
Eight years ago Elder Games wag re
warded dv being elected a bishop, and pre
sided for four years over Maryland, Vir
ginia, North Carolina and Kentucky, and
for a like period over Georgia and Ala
bama.
In California, where the A. M. E. church
is beini built up, Bishop Games fm.ls a rield j
hicb h« is well adapted, as he has a
record for church building. He has built
tbe I.ethel church at Atlanta, St. James
at Columbus. Ga., the Main Brown Col
mta and many other chapels.
worth of property has been
..urcb through the efforts
of Bishop G.rfiii--.
The African Methodist church has at
i.OOO members: and stand* next
to the Methodist Episcopal Church South
in strength.
The Bishop is the preident of the finan
cial board of the A. M. E. Church of Wash
ington, v. C. ; also vice-president of the
Payne Theological Seminary, Ohio. He
is at present the guest of Mr 3. O. Summers
city.
"Our church in California is doing
splendidly," said Bishop Games to-day,
"and there are some very gratifying re
ports to be read at our annual conference.
1 bare looked over the field recently and
arc very pleased with the outlook."
Bishop Games' home i 1i 1 - at Atlanta, Ga.
His daughter travels with him aa private
secretary. _^_
NO PENNY PAPERS.
A Publisher Declares TliatJ ••They
Cannot Bo Blade to Pay in
Alameria County."
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31. —F. A.
.Leach of the Oaktan i Enquirer conducted
the evening Item just one day, and to
night publishes the fo. lowing statement
concerning the two papers he purchased
Saturday:
It was announced Saturday that the
new proprietor of the Times and Item
would, on account of the many inquiries
as to the disposition of Vie Inner publica
tion, receive Bids for its purchase up to
Monday noon, August 31. It may be in
teresting to know that not a single bid was
received: consequently it will not be sold,
and os the new owner will not advance
feveral hundred dollars per month to keep
it alive, the Item has appeared for the last
time.
'•The total receipts for the Item for its
four months' existence were less than
$800, or $200 per month, and the extra ex
i-ense to the Times for producing it wi«.s
double that. So it may be considere i,
with this evidence, that the effort to estab
lish a penny paper in Oakland has been a
" : failure."
Improvement Club.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— Judge John
Yule has been selected hs president of the
lioulevard and Peralta Heights Improve
ment Association of East Oakland, vice
H. N. Morse, resigned.
The association is making nrogess
toward the improvement of their district.
Jhe opening of Third avenue from its in- !
tersection with East Sixteenth street to i
East Eighteenth street, the street having i
*>een dedicated to the city, is now in j
progress. The much-needed improvements
on Fourth avenue are receiving the atten
tion of tho association and tne members
have taken steps toward the removal of
grass ana weeds on the sidewalks, which
are of much annoyance to pedestrians.
The Mctourtney Kgtate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 81.— The will of
the late Margaret P. McCourtney has been
offered for probate by R. J. Montgomery
of Los Angeles, a former resident of this
county. She died August 19, leaving an
e-tate valued at $51,000 and yielding an
income of about $400 monthly. The will
is dated May 25, 1896.
Mrs. McCourtney bequeathed all her
property to her children, Mary Ann Bel
den, James F. McCourtnev, Margaret M.
Hughes, Alfred D. McCourtney and Taul
McCourtney. share and share alike. The
Will sets forth thai she placed certain
deeds ot trust in the hands of the ex
ecutor to be deiivered after her death.
Leaves a Good i'ecord.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— L. J. Smith,
the well-known horse trainer, will leave
for the East to-morrow. Mr. Smith has
been trainer for several members of the
Gentlemen's Driving Association and has
turned out Rome sood results. He has
trained for D. C. Brown, D. F. Handy, 1.
L. Borrten, and won a watrer not long ago
by taking Mr. Brown.-, horse that had
never gone a mile in less than 2:.'55 and re
ducing its time to 2:1.0. Mr. .^niitli will
go to Carbondale, Fa., aud from there Le
may go to his home in Germany.
Hlgh't Third 1 rial.
OAKLAND, Cal,, Aug. Sl.— When the
case oi Gavin Dhu High was called in the
Police Court tnis morning his attorney
entered a pica of not guilty to the charge
of criminally libeling Joseph Cook and de
manded a jury trial. The case was set for
Wednesday, September 9, but as that is
Admission day another date will have to
be made. The parsing of sentence upon
Mr. High for the second charge of libeling
William J. Dingee is set for to-morrow,
but his attorneys will undoubtedly argue
a motion for a new trial at that time.
On the Mat.
OAKLAND, Cal., Ang. 31.— The lead
ing topic In athletic circles now is the
match next Friday night between Al Lean
Reliance Club and Jack Williamson
of the Acme. Both men are in first-class
condition, and are now taking a little rest
j for the final contest. Lean has undertaken
to throw his opponent five times in an
hour, and each club is confident that their
man can win.
Will Come to Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— The Rev.
Charles R. Brown of Charlestown, Mass.,
who was recently called to the pastorate
of the First Congregational Church of
j this city, has accepted the call, and will
be here in time to occupy the pulpit Sun
day, October 4. He will be married this
month, an this will be their bridal tour.
In January he is to be given a leave of ab
sence, so as to be able 10 make a Euro
j pean tour.
Favors Parks.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— The Board
i nf Trade, which has a membership of over
( 400, is to hold an open meeting to-morrow
(Tuesday) evening at the Exposition
j building, to which the public is cordially
i invited. The purpose of the meeting is to
j discuss the park question. John McLaren
I of the Golden Gate Park and County Hor
ticultural Commissioner H. D. Pryal will
! be among the speakers.
Increased Attendance.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— average
attendance at the Central evening school
\ during the last week has been about 200,
and much interest is manifested by the
pupils. A new department has been es
tablished, and Miss Good has been placed
in charge by the classification committee
:of the Board of Education. A course in
phonography has been added to the com
mercial department.
Want« Big Damages.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— George F.
j Cavilli, administrator of the estate of M.
J. Finnigan, has filed suit against the Oak
i land Consolidated Street Railway Com
! pany for $25,000 damages. Finnigan was
! thrown from his waeon at Filbert and
Sixteenth streets on December 20 by an
; electric-car, and received injuries from
: whicn he died.
He Took I'oiion,
LIVERMORE, Cal., Aug. 31.— Mattis
: Woolfmeyer, a German shoemaker of this
i place, committed suicide to-day by taking
j a dose of strychnine. He. attempted to
j take his life in a like manner two weeks i
: ago, but failed. His wife died two months
i ago, and he has been very despondent ever
I since.
Bit by a "Spider.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug 31.— Officer Vose
: came near losing his right hand last,
, week. A spider bit him and blood poison
| ing set in, causing the band and arm to!
j swell to immense proportions, for some
• time it was* feared amputation would be
necessary, but he is now improving
! slowly.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
I AUmeila County If Hpp<»iiings Told in
lirief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Ki:anci«co Call, )
008 Broadway, Aug. 31. ]
The Young Men's Republican Club of Brook-
I lyn Township, Charles A. Tyrrell president,
has arranged a public rr.lly to bo held in Par
sons' ll all, Elinhurst, on Wednesday evening.
George Albert Morrill, member of a bicycle
firm in Ban Francisco, took out a mar
riage license this afternoon to marry Ruby
H. Holmes, also of San Francisco. The intend
! ing bride is 31 and the groom 29 years of ags.
. The Alpha Kappa Alpha of. the First Chris
' tian Church, corner of Market and Thirteenth
' streets, will give an entertainment to-morrow
I evening, and the programme will be one of
! the most attractive ever presented by this
church.
The many friends of Harry Richards &re to
give him a testimonial concert Thursday even
ing at Luring Hall as a token of : appreciation
of his efforts in assisting others, giving not
only time and services, but also money when
ever called upon.
The Second Ward meeting has been again
I postponed, this time until to-morrow evening,
when the regular Second Ward Club will meet'
at 8:30 o'c'ock, and will have Miss Susan B.
Antiiony, Mis- Mollie Conners and other la
dies for its guests and speakers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
NEITHER SUICIDE
NOR DESERTION,
Mr. and Mrs. Daniels Are
United and Live Across
the Bay.
END OF A ROMANCE.
The Landlady and Others Now
Regret Their Leniency and
Sympathy.
PLAN A SURPRISE PARTY.
Will Congratulate the Danie'ses and In
cidentally Present a Few Bills
With Requests to Pay.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 3L (
Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, late of Thirty
third street, have been located in San
Francisco and a delegation of their old
acquaintances in North Oakland are
arranging to give them a surprise party at
the fashionable boarding-house where
they are now residing.
A few weeks ago Mr. Daniels disap
peared. He left nis wife to go East, at
least so she told her neighbors, and time
passed away and nothing was heard of
him. Although the Danielses lived in a
comfortable furnished home near Tele
gTaph avenue and appeared to be very
prosperous, their neighbors learned with
some surprise that when the husband de
parted he left his wife with just 80 cents,
which of course was soon exhausted. The
charitable neighbors sympathized with
the heartbroken wife and gave her food
and looked after her health.
So deeply was Mrs. Daniels affected
when it was reported that her husband
might have been taken suddenly ill that
for a time she had to be watched night
and day.
One day Mrs. Daniels disappeared also,
ami her many sympathizers thought she
had gone ami drowned herself and her
sorrow in the cold waters of the bay. The
next chapter was devoid of all sympathy.
The landlady appeared on the scene,
and although she had been very sympa
thetic toward the deserted wife, the prac
tical side of her nature asserted itself and
expressed very positive views which were
based on the fact that the family with
aristocratic pretensions had, for quite a
time, neglected to attend to the rent. Other
matters of a similar nature had also been
neglected, and several people regretted
that they had met the man "who was
associated with mines and stocks."
When the landlady inspected her de
serted house she found that her late
tenants had not been any more careful than
aristocratic people are generally and she
would like to meet the Danielses and have
a settlement for damages as well aa rent.
Now the discovery has been made that
Mr. Daniels did not perish on his way
East, and Mrs. Daniels did ncjt court sur
cease from a broken heart off Goat Island,
but that both are enjoying life as much as
ever in San Francisco.
Their neighbors are not at all backward
in expressing their views of the circum
stances and declare that they will at once
advise the present landlord of the Danielses
that their tenants are subject to disappear
ance and other little irregularities not un
common to some people that "are as3o
ciated with mines and stocks."
SHOCKING DEPRAVITY,
Ignorance, Filth aud Crime Vnearthed
In the Tgchlch Family by Mrit
Prescott.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— Mrs. Lydia
A. Prescott was appointed to the guardian
ship of Emma and Frida Tschich, the two
little girls of Mr. and Mrs. Julius. Tne
parents have been parted for years, tbe
mother living at 619 Broadway and the
father conducting a locksmith's business
at 1403 Park avenue, Alameda. The girla
are IS and 11 years of age.
The testimony showed that the children
were kept in a most iilthv place with do<rs,
and were diseased from contact with them .
The oldest girl had been assailed by men
along the wharf. Mr. and Mrs. Tschich
met twenty years ago in New York and
lived together thirteen years without any
form whatever, and there ha 3 never been
any divorce granted them, although Mrs.
Techich appeared in court with an infant
a year old which she said was the child by
Peter Otten, who formerly resided at 833
Magnolia street, but who is now dead.
Tschich admitted to Juiisre Greene that
he had $700 in bank and $1000 loaned out.
NO DEMOCRATS ARE LEFT
Bryan and Sewall Ratification
Ignored in Alameda
County.
Republicans Are Astir— Women Work
ing Quetiy— Additions to
the Fold.
Oaxlaxd Office Pan Frakcibco Call,)
808 ISroadway, Aug. 31. J
If William Bryan of Nebraska came to
Oakland he would probably draw a crowd
out of curiosity, but they certainly would
not be Democrats, for so far none have
been heard from since the Chicago circus,
when Pilate's instrument of torture wai
used with success as the key to a Presi
dential nomination.
"When are the Democrats of Alameda
County going to ratify? is the question
asked by everybody, but bo far uo one has
been able to reply.
There are a few Democrats left in the
county, but they have not yet mustered
up enough courage to ratify the Chicago
piatform and nominees, and so with the
exception of one or two, who manage to
keep to the front and would do so* no
matter to what party they belonged, the
voice of the Democrat is heard no more in
the land. The party in this county is
about equally divided between sound
money men and Populists.
Nothing is being left undone by the Re
publican party to win back for Alameria
the banner that was carried to Los An
geles in sackcloth and ashes a couple of
years ago. Next Saturday .night W. R.
Davies and Senator I'erkins will go to
Livermore to open the campaign there.
The vice-presidents for the "occasion are:
K. H. Pitcher, Joseph McKown, Charles
Hadsell, Wendell Jordan, H. p. Chad
bourn, Joseph Wilkinson, Robert Ellis,
Mark Apcers, 81. Moeller, Augustin Ber
nal, Joseph Nevis August Hagerman,
Simon Hansen, Frank Littletield, C. R.
Watkins. E. Pronzini, A. Fargo, Richard
Reese, W. Bailer, J. F. Meyers, W. 8.
Taylor, F. A. Anthony, William Fallon,
A. Weymouth. H. P. Winegar, R. Hunter,
Thomas Knox, Tnomas Coffman, N. A.
McKerson, 0. H. Wente, J. G. Young,
Henry Prall, Dr. Savage, C. H. Petray, J.
W. Connell, C E. Livermore, Madison
Beck, Charles E. Bsck.
While the campaign committee of the
suffragist of Alameda Coanty have been
preparing its plans for organized pre
cinct work about the bay the county presi
dent, Mrs. Alice M. Stoker, has been busy
in the east end of the county.
At the annual meeting of the County
.Political Equality Society, September 1, at
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of Franklin
and Eleventh streets, Oakland, she wili
bring into the society the following new
organizations:
The Civlo Club of Livermore— President, Mrs.
Delia Palmer; vice-presldenti, E. B. French,
G. W. Langan, William Brown; recording
secretary, Mrs. Julia Fassett; treasurer, L. A.
Kelly; delegates to the annual meeting— Mrs
Dell* Palmer; Mrs. S.I. Cresswell, Mrs. Julia
Fassett.
The Pleasanton Good Government Club—
President, Mrs. Laura Brice; vlce-nresldents,
Mrs. Jennie Downing, Mrs. Mlnic; recording
secretary, Mrs. snarey; treasurer, Mrs. Alice
McDougall ; delegates to the annual county
meeting— Mrs. Laura Brlce, Mrs. Jennie Down-
Ing, Miss Louise Mackenzie.
The Suuol Suffrage Club— President, Miss
Tilließuttner; vice-presidents, Dr. M. E. Led
garJ, Mrs. Harriet Peek, Mrs. A. S. Agar; cor
responding secretary, Mrs. A. L. Fuller; re
cording secretary and treasurer. Miss Char
lotte Trimingham; delegates to annual county
meeting— Mrs. Laura Brice, Mrs. Jennie Down
ing, Miss Louisa Mackenzie.
llCenterville Good citizen Clvb — President,
Mrs. Mary C. Allen; vue-presidents, Mrs. Mar
gnret Rnt>iu-on, Mrs. Mfiry Mickle; recording
secretary, Mrs. Grace Huxley; treasurer, Mrs.
Clara Patterson; delegates to the annual
county meeting— Mrs. Mary C. Allen, Mrs
Dora Overacker, Mre. Clara Patterson.
The Political Study Club of Nlles— President,
Mrs. J. E. Thane; vice-presidents— Mrs. Dickey!
William. Ford, Julian Jacobas, Henry Tyson!
Miss Miliceat bhinn; recording secretary, Mrs!
Julia fihinn; corresponding secretary", Mis.
Helen C. Ford; treasurer. Mrs. Kmllie Ohltten
cien; delegates tothc annual county meeting—
Mmes. Thane, Shinn and Ford.
THROWN TWENTY FEET.
A Pullman Porter Killed by the Ala-
me<la I •■< »I.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31.— A. L. Nel
son, a Pullman porter, was killed at First
and Willow streets this evening by the
Alameda local. Nelson had just reported
for duty in the morning and was crossing
the tracK toward his hotel. There is a
high fence at Willow street, and he did
not see the train. He was thrown twenty
feet in the air, and his neck and back were
broken. He lived at Los Anceles, and
leaves a widow and three children.
THEY DESTROY PESTS.
Result of Importing Keneflclnl Insects
Highly Satisfactory In Ala
mrda County.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 31.— At the
meeting of the Board of Supervisors to-day
County Horticultural Commissioner A.
D. Pryal presented the following report:
I have to report that since my last com
munication to your honorable boity I have
cart- fully inspected all orcliard.s an<l nurseries
where [had reason to believe injurious In.
sects and fungus diseases existed. 1 find that
trie troubles that not so long slnre threatened
to permanently ruin our orchards are abating.
SHOT THREE BULLDOGS.
Captain Slcho of slwll Mound Meet*
I>p*p<>rate Oriria.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 31. — Captain
Siebe, lessee of Shell Mound Park, had an
encounter with a pack of three of the most
ferociou 1 bulldogs that he has ever come
in contact with yesterday. He found
thorn in his pigpen, where they had killed
two hogs, and on opening the gate they
made for him, but he was enabled to close
the gate in time to keep them in. He se
enxed his rifle and dispatched them all.
No one appears to know to whom they
belonc or from where they came. On
Saturday they bit a cow of William Witn
row's so severely that she had to be killed.
Poriugimiie f»r Frutection.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aug. 31.— A Portu
guese Republican Club was organized in
the First Ward on Sunday, Aucust 30.
A large attendance was present, of
which a majority signed the roll. Re
marks were made in favor of protection
by several of the members present. After
three hearty cheers lor McKinley, the
club adjourned to meet next Sunday at
2r. M. The officers of the club are: M. J.
Silver, president; A. O. Perry, first vice
president; J. I. Dias, second vice-presi
dent; M. P. Mathews, secretary; John
Lewis, treasurer.
Only a WnJf.
OAKLAND. Cal., Aue. 31.— A very
pretty six-year-old girl was handed to
Mrs. PrescoU of the Children's Society to
day. Her name is Annie Hibbert and she
was left s vend months a&ro by a woman
named Mrs. Scott of San Francisco, with
Mrs. Heath of Fourth street. Its board
has not been paid and Mrs. Heath not
being able to provide for it longer turned
it over to the society.
There will be a meeting of the Regular Re
publican Club of North Temesi al to-morrow
evening. I'romlnent breakers will be in at
tend c nee.
EYES MAY FEAST
ON HOME PRODUCTS
The Fair Will Be Opened
With Due Ceremony
This Evening.
ATTRACTIVE EXHIBITS.
What the California Fish Com
mission Has to Show to
the People.
BIG SAN FRANCISCO MIRROR.
There Is an Overflow of Pictures and
Many Have to Be Hung on the
South Gallery Wall.
At no time in the history of the Me
chanics' Institute has n fair been in such
an advanced state of readiness on the day
before the opening as the fair for the ex-
Trustees of the Mechanics' Insti
tute Whose " Home Product "
Fair Opens This Evening at
the Pavilion.
hibition of home products appeared at the j
Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday afternoon. !
There was hardly a booth that was not
up and finished, ready for the reception of
the articles to be displayed in them, and
quite a number were in that state of com
pletion as to displays as to warrant t c
judges who are to award the prizes for the
best exhibit ready on opening day passing
upon them, but of course that will not be
done until late in the evening. The names
of the judges will not be announced until (
the three prize-winners are named. This
idea of offering cash prizes for best and
most complete displays on the day the i
fair is thrown open has proved a stimu
lating incentive to hurry up matters, and
for this the patronizing public will be :
thankful.
Atonnd the stderloors on Grove and
Polk streets there was all day yesterday a
perfect jam of, deuvery-wagons, loaded
with eoods of all kinds, and there was a
rush of men unloading heavy articles into j
the large building, and active young men, j
women and children receiving and carry
ing lieht bundles and parcels to the va- i
rious points where they were to be plactd '
on show. There was a hurrying to and
fro; exhibitors with goods jostled against
mechanics at work, in their eagerness to ;
deposit their bundles where the}- could be
opened and arranged on tables or shelves
to the best advantage. The superintend
ent, Mr. Gilmore, and his assistant, Mr. i
Clark, were surrounded all day long by
interested parties, anxious to know about
their rights.
A score of workmen were busy putting |
on the finjshmg touches on the miniature j
exhibit of the Union works, placing the I
different imitations of workshops, ship- '
ways, executive buildings, railways and '
storehouses in the relative position they j
occupy in the great yard in ti:e Potrero. !
In the annex in which this Is located there j
will be a fine electric-light display, and
the next most attractive exhibit in the
same room will be that of the Dairy
Union.
In machinery hall there is a very large ,
display of what Calilornia mills and i
foundries can turn out, and a great deal i
of the machinery will be in operation.
On the main floor the many booths in |
ADMMSTRATOR'S SALE
or
CrRAND IPXJK,NITXJK,B
AT 1057 .MAKKKT ST., OPP. JONES,
THIS DAY.
Tuesday...... September 1, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m.,
By order of E. L. At wood, Esq., Administrator of
the estate of M. a. Dubuqne, deceased,
WE WILL BELL *
THE MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE OF
A TEN-ROOM HOUSE,
Removed to Our Salesroom, consisting of
Grand Parlor Goods, Dining-room Furniture, Bed-
room Se.s in oak, ash, walnut and pine; Ward-
robes, Couches, I/ounces; Odd Pieces of Uphols-
tery: Kansas, Electric Moves: Mattres3es. Bian-
Kcts, Pillows, Crockery, Glassware, Brlc-a-Brac,
Bronzes, Engravings, Ktchings, Paintings; Mo-
quette and Body Brussels Carpets; 1 Grand square
bteinwny & Sons' Piano, in excellent tone and
condition.
On WEDNESDAY; the 2d day of Sep-
tember. ISKi;. at II o'clock A.M.,
We shall sell, on
CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR COUGH,
A Moat Magnificent Urle of Household K fleets.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
Formerly M. J. Simmons. -- • :
- 1057 Market st, opp. Jones,
H. J. LF.UTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
CBAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— li:ss Market Street.
THIS DAT, Tuesday, September 1, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. it , at Salesroom,
1135 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth, we will sell
ANELKGANT LINK OF FURNITURE,
Carpets, War.l robes, Showcases, 42 Oak Chairs.
Stove? and Ranges.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO., Auctioneers.
various colors, some plainly but others
artistically decorated, present a strikingly
beautiful scene. The show by the cotton
mills and that by the rubber company,
which adjoins it will, when in operation,
prove a most interesting and instructive
object lesson to all visitors. A^oap palace
in many colors is a marvel of mosaic work.
One firm was busy yesterday putting in
position the largest mirror ever made in
the United States, made here. The plate
is three-eighths of an inch thick and sil
vered with mercury. It weighs 520 pounds.
Its length is 192 inches and its widtn 85.8
inches. With the comparatively narrow
beveled glass frame the measurement is
17x10 feet.
One of the firms has taken the head out
of one of its immense tun<, placed a floor
in it and arranged it handsomely as a re
ception-room. It is larce enough to ac
commodate eisht or ten persons at one
time.
The exhibit of the Fish Commissioners
is ajready in operation. The tank* are
filled with all kinds of tront, and in the
hatchery which adjoins there are thou
sands of youns; fish.
There is such an abundance of pictures
in the art gallery there is not room for all.
A nnmber have already been hung on the
wall of the south gallery, and last evening
there were still a number of the products
of California artists on tbe-fioor, but be
fore this evening all will be in place.
The California Camera Club has secured
considerable space in which to exhibit the
wo:k ef its members.
The Golden State Amateur Press Asso
ciation lias space to display the produc
tions of the rising juvenile journalists of
California, ami the Denman School will
present an attractive exhibit of the works
of the pupils.
The sale of season tickets has been un
usually large, and the tickets for em
ployes have already been distributed,
something that has never been done be
fore.
The opening exercises will be held to
day, and to-night for the first time the
full blaze of electric arid gas light will be
thrown on the many exhibits.
This afternoon the following opening
programme will be given in the Columbia
Theater: v
March and cortege from "Queen of Sheba"
Address President E. A. Cenlrko
"Toreador and Andalns"" ....Rubinstein
Soprano solo. "Watting"... Jeanette Coleman
Introduction to third act of "Lohengrin"*
Knickerbocker male quartet "In Silent Mend"'
Oration James D. Phelan
Reverie — ; Vienxtemps
KecUation, "At Lou? Branch"... Lillian I>hu
Overture ".North star"
Music by Gustuv HlnricbV orchestra.
With the opening of the exposition to
the public in the evening will commence
a display of fireworks in front of the Pa
vilion, and an illumination of the building
with colored lire. During the pyrotech
nic display, which will commence at 7:45
p. m., the Exposition Band of forty-eigiit
pieces, led by Gustav Hinrichs, will give
an open- nir concert in front of the Pavil
iou. The scene will be further enlivened
by large bonfires on both Market street
and Grove.
The opening exercises of the evening
will take place in the Art Gallery, and
promrse to be highly interesting, the fol
lowing being the programme:
Opening ad :re*s. by Julian sonntag, president
of the Miwnitac.nr.-rs' and Produi'ir.s 1 Association.
Concert song, Knlckerborker Quar et.
Address, by Horace Davis, president of the Sperry
Flour Company.
"Home tad aster." song, Knickerbocker Quartet,
especially cooi]>o.sed for the 01 c.sion.
Addr'ss, by Hon. James G. JMaguire.
"America," by the audience, led by the quartet
and accompanied by the Kxpontioti Band.
The following prominent citizens of the
State have consented to act as honorary
vice-presidents during the evening:
Roy T. Kimbail, Alexander Hay, William .1.
Dutton, \V. \\ . Montague, James Patterson, J.
V. Currier. Wilanm M. Pierson, K. B. Pond,
Wilham Aivord, John D. Siebe. Hugh Craig,
GEO. F. LAMSOI, AUCTIONEER.
Office— Kearny Street.
EXTRAORDINARY ANNOUNCEMENT
Of great Interest to the general public
THIS DAY,
Tuesday September 1, % and 3, 1896,
Commencing at 11 o'clock each day on the
premises,
2020 BROADWAY, NR. BUCHANAN ST.
By order of Rev John llemphlll, D. D., on ac-
count of departure for .Europe, I will sell his entire
collection of
Magnificent Furniture and Works of Art
Collected at the various Art centers of Europe
and America, and comprising a greater variety of
< bjecis of marvelous beauty and utility, both mod-
ern and antique, than were ever before exhibited
In this city,
.. ..COMmiSINO....
IN ORIENTAL DEPARTMENT.
j Rare Old Tapestries, Oriental Km»:rotderies, An-
: cient Pottery with modern and
ancient furniture
IN EMPIRE ROOMS.
Magnificent objects of art. Beautiful specimens
of artistic European and American Furniture,
i Antique Draperies, Italian Sculpture, Grand Man-
i tel oarniture, all producing strikingly impressive
GRAND FRENCH SALON.
A royal exhibit of elegance and beauty. Im-
Derlal draperies, duplicates of the famishing In
tne Palace of Versailles, France, cos: 5000 francs.
I X\ I century designs of salon upholsteries.
t J-ranies In burnished cold: covers in delicate
shades of bullion tapestries: very splendid mir-
• rors, cabine-.s and les»iitlful Marquetene Inlaid
tables, with other grand "~alon" appointments
i collected at great expense in the art centers of
l Knrope and America.
A great variety of magnificent rugs, from
| medium to large, costing >rom $'J5 to $400 each,
[ together with an immense collection of costly
! goods, in music room, conversation room, recep-
tion room, library, grand halls, chambers and
dining room.
House will be open for exhibition Monday,
August 31, from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Terms in
catalogue.
GEO. F. LAM3ON. Auctioneer.
I.eroy Hough, Charles R. Allen. H. Kullman,
>!. Van Bergen, C. A. Hooper, <;. 11. I'm risen, G.
K. Fitch : Henry C. Mcl'ike, J. P. Jackson. A. L.
Tnbbs, Charles J. Heggerty, M. Zan \V. M.
Bunker, James H. Barry, Stephen T. Gage,
J. L. Rathbone, Jacob Strahle, Samuel M.
Bhorttldge, David Neustailter, Paris Kil
bnrn, M. A. Wheaton, William Rutherlord.
Horace Davis, Alex. T. Vogelsang, Abner
Doble, L. R. Mead, W. 11. Metton, J C John
son, K. G. Buswell, J. V. Coffey, Fred. J.
Baumel, Albert Frank, D. B. Francis, C. A.
Malm, C. M. Shortridge. John Perry Jr., Rob
ert Watt, J. W. Kelson, W. 8. Wood, F. A. Hyde,
B. Grave, G. Howard Thompson, Judge Mor
row, P. B. Cornwall, A. Sbarboro, J. H.
Ames, J. B. Mclntyre, F. M. Smith,
.1. J. Pfister, Lincoln H. I.ewars, F. H. Green,
P. Ghirardelli, William 1). Greenbaum, W. I
Sterett, Fred Becker, C. Herrmann, I. H.
Morse, C. W. Cross, R. S. Poiastri, R. P. Doolan,
P. McG. Mcßean, William MacCann, G. W.
Beaver, K. C. Williams, A. Domham, L. P.
Pegan, George D. Gray, S. C. Irving, E.
H. Cole, S. J. Hendy, Jomes Sproule,
J. U. Sievers, Henry P. Soiintap, Sieg
fried Niekelsburg, Alexander Hamilton,
H. O. Trowbridge, M. J. Keller, R. W. Carson,
Thomas B. Valentine, C. S. Booth, J. J. O'Brien,
N. A. Judd, John T. Bell, M. Schmidt, Frank J.
Symmes, James D. Phelan, Martin Holje, M.
H. Hccht, George Roeth, Charles A. Murdock,
Joseph Emanuel, Ernest A. Deriicke, E. C.
Hughes, W. P. Fuller, Carl F. Haas, Isaac
Upham, W. F. Bpiars, P. A. Buell, Joseph Win
terburn, H. M. Heineman, Carroll Cook,
Craigie Sharp. George P. Wetmore.
City Board of Trustees,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Ang. 31. — A commu
nication was recived from the Education
Board by the City Trustees at its regular
meeting this evening. It estimated that
$9607 would be required from the city next
year tor the High School, which would
necessitate a levy of 8.5 cents per $100. For
the primary and grammar schools the
sum of $16,559 would be required, the pro
portion of the tax levied being 14.5 cent*
per $100. Accounts to the amount of
$252 68 were passed for payment and $500
was transferred to the health fund from
the general fund. The Oregon Improve
ment Company was awarded the contract
for supplying 100 tons Walisend coal at
$6 24 per ton.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F A Smith, Stockton C C Chandler, San Diego
M C McNeil, lowa J E Hathaway. MIlw»k«
C C Green, lowa . Mrs W !•' Curtis, Sacto
J L Gilbert & fy, Sacto Miss M Curtis, Sacto
M Francis, London E Sloane, Williams
J Ashefort, London Miss Hloano, Williams
D C Morrison. I.os Ang Mrs LI Wmard.Wililama
J C Lonergan, Los Ang I T Moore, d'llroy
J <: Phillips, Sacramento H D Kercheval <fe wife,
J .1 Geary, .Marys vilie Courtland
A FRicketts&f.Oakland W D Sober, Jamestown
C A Whlpple. Cal Mrs R A Owens. Sacto
J F Taylor, Philadelphia W D Crabb, Gilroy
T X Grata, U » ■ Oregon F Friclc. US a Oregon
A Walker^Uklah G I) Plate. San Jaclnto
II W Mayer, ban Jacinto J G S-,vlnnerton, Stockton
DC Demorest, Los Ang A Melneke Jr, Los Ang
J 1$ Hochstetter.Sn Diego Mrs R C Wilkins. Livmre
Mrs Hochsietter&f,S L>ie Mrs !•' M Westley,
C It Knox, San Diego J F Serano, New York
J W Davis, Tulare James Squire, Ohio
A Hilbron. Sacramento W B Harrington, tot Hela
W H (.iarllck, Detroit R H Cook, sisklyou
P B Jackson, Boston ll ill Hil Whitman <& Wife,
Mrs Hayes, Han Jose Concord
J M Moore, Anacortes Dr A S Osborne, F.ldrdge
J M Works. Los Angeles X M Tflden, Woodland
A Romish, Los Angeles a II Maxwell, Cal
lt s Slebert, Los Angeles II -S Larney, Denver
TW 11 Mclntire. Minn WI, Miller, Denver
BUSS HOUSE.
G D Sunard, Maripcsa Mr» Carter, Alameda
Mrs Hamilton, Sacto E Shene, hea View
B Klrkland, New Hope J .•'t radian, New Hope
Miss M Meyer, NY B Worcester, Ang Camp
Mrs Thresher, iosA eg a J Van Zant it d, fciacto
N smith. Oakland H Deares, Stockton
0 Hood, s.ockcon - -W I.ozun, Stockton
T Druls, Stockton J V Ponds, >-a< ratue»to
}' McUarnghan, Eureka J siller. ilaurord
J G McKaiiyen. Dixon G W Kewton. Sacto
P M Halstead, Napa J W stone, Burllnijame
1 Q Williams. Nebr S Butier, Placcrvilie
F T Benson .t f, San JoseG Webster, Dead wood
X 11 Howard, Monterey O M Kislow, Orovllle
J C Bell, Oakdale W C Chatt &. iv, Modesto
A Bruce. Perth J D Murphy, Sedalta
I) Brleght, Louisville Mrs I. Ktiodes Louisville
Jl (i Palmer, Seattle A G Spurri:-, Modesto
B I-Vreuson, Sail Lake H X Phillips, San Jose
II Kirkland, New Hope s Jacobs. X do
J.Taiilini:in,'Ferudale C M shattuck, Ferndale
J N Hill, Colo D Lbmiih, Oregon
Mrs D A smith, Oregon
! LICK HOUSE.
I" Hirshfeld. Los Ang E W Allen, Chicago
(' 11 Castle, Merced .1 8 Dare, Fresno
H Combs, Modesto W C Brady. DO
!: i'routy, Marlposa C Quilty. San Jose
Miss L X Henderson, So- A Macintosh, Menlo
noina Miss Walsh, Montana
.1 J! Lynch, Seattle 11 Burke, san Jose
C B Leonard, smi Jose J J French, s.octo
II Silvester, Glass Val \V M Bell, Oal
W Adams, souoma W Conly, M«dera
11 C Shaw, Stockton J It Payne, N V
P s Dennis, Arizona Miss M A I'arker, 111
W McMinu, san Jose C H. Jordan. Los Ang
T J Oeary, Santa Rosa E D Goodrich, N V
i: ■ Under, Tnlare C Jiuy, NY '
C Buft'eran, Pacific Grove B J Humphries. Seattle
HBullerau, Pacific Grove 1" H Hookeit w, N B
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL.
B II Bonner, N V M .1 Wallace, Bouldin
F C Huffman, Bouldin II Huff Aw, Bouldin
il W King, Umphy ■ H <.iaily, Coos Hay
C \V. -..!;-; rcn, ilyde W I) Ciauren, D .-> N
8 Terpain, L s n JI Franck, Newark !
V ilorst, st Paul '■ J-. Scbultz, Oregon
F A Ramsey. Atlanta I' I'ronweln, 0 S.N
¥ W M Pcppr. D S N F X Olandrr, D 8 N
J It Smith, Denver JO t Jennings, Denver
F White. Denver G A A ppleby, Denver
J I. Murry, Boston Mrs M J Haynts, Man
ii i; I.lmjii, Anowando Mrj Conklla. Anowando
J Amir- Fresno P Thomas, Fresno .
A Ray, St Paul B W Johnson, Albany
I, Lwverorii, San Jose J I" Mylar, Sonoma
H liar., Cleveland M Haney, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
OH Lawrence, Chicago OGrumaux, Paris
C J Knslgn. Lcs Angeles J.W Mitchell, Loa Ang
X W Runyan, Red Bluff X Hutchlnson, Columbus
T Creighion, Los Ang W H btelgenwalt & w, Pa
Miss Ste!t:«'Tiw:<it, Pa C R Balrd Jr, Norfolk
H llnriimoi.d. St Louis W T Ellis, Mary.ville •
F H i-'arubani. Boston s B Llnthicum. Or
J simon, Portland Mrs Warren, Santa Cruz
Misi I Warren, sta Cruz T B O'L'nen, Chicago
C H Phillips, saD Jose Mrs J McNeil, Sta Crua
A s Emery. Oakdale Mrs Sherman. Marysville
Miss Armstrong. Cal W ts Stitt, MarysvilleJM
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Herd, Duiniaue L I In; s. Vallejo
M X Harris. Oakland U X Maguin-. Stockton
!•' (i Shaw, San Jose '• II Jess-c, St Louis
P Juri!ine. New Jersey MH Jlursli.im, Chicago
Mrs.l H;«'l. OaJClaod ICrsC It Hewliiß, Or
,1 W Kregan, Santa Kosa L Kemj?inum, Chicago
A J Jones, Los Angeles J M Canty, lirayson
M De Vries, Stockton C A Buckley Jt fam, Cal
X B Montzomery, Cal X R Spangler. St Louis
§J)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2."» HtAltW HT. Established
In 1554 forthe treutiuontof Private
Dfacaaea, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on hodyand mind and
Skin Jjigeases. Thedoctorcureswheii
othoisfall. Try him. Charges low.
( uroKiiaraiiK rd. Callorwrit*.
, fir. J. V. «. iBBO>. Box ltfST.tsan Francisc*
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cauo—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock erery
nigbt in -he year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 o'clock.
339 Htyes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, apes
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
11« Ninth street, open until P:SO o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
OAUFOBNU CHAPTER NO. •
BK£ ? 5. K. A M.. will meet THIS(TUES- J^
DAY') EVENING, :-eptember 1, at 7:30 ~KJ\
o'clock. Stated meeting and M. M. degree. / V >
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
3 PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. •
~f c * r^ an.l A. M.. 121 Eddy st.-Stat< d meet-,**.
lug THIS EVENING at 7 :S0 o'clock. I&J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /~~r~>
Fi>" ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F." •
Ifc^ and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS m #\.
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. ~C~JT
A. ». HUBBARD. Secretary. '~*T >
GOLDEN GATE LODGE MO. 30. m
W& F. and A. M.— stated meeting THIS il
(TUESDAY') EVENING, September 1, »tTIT
7:30 o'clock. GEORGE J. HOBE, See. /V'
Iff— DOltlC LODGE NO. 216. F. AND •
&-£" a. M., 121 Kddy St.— Officers anil 14
members are notified to attend a special ~K3f
meeting TUESDAY, September 1, ai 9:30 'V'
o'clock A. m.. to attend the funeral of our late
brother, DAVID PLATO. Master Masons are
courteously invited to attend. By order of the W.
M. A DOLPH KRONBERG, Secretary.
B^-3-- MAGNOLIA LODGE NO. 29. < f^i^y^ '
Br-^ 1. O. O. F.— The officers and : =a£ZsßSSei
funeral detail will nssemble In the >ir|~~^~r
lodceroom this TUESDAY', at 9:45 -W'«^
a. M., to attend the funeral of our late brother. D.
Plato. SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
H^S» A. O. H. DIVISION 2- THEft^Z"
w^-& regular monthly meeting of this Vv> If
division will be held in Hlbernla Hail on » Jf
WEDNESDAY EVENING, September '-' %*a
at 8 o'clock. All the members are i-arii-~S-~n~~ I
estly r< qnstpfi to attend this meeting, as final ar-
r ments will be made for our annual picnic at
Harbor Vii Park on Admission day. Candi-
dates seeking admission will please be prompt 'n
attendance. State President Donovan will be
present and tell all about the late National con-
vi lon. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
vited. B.VRTLY I.XX, Presiden .
John* KINNT, Bee. Sec.
~Erss= FOR RENT— THE LODGER* M M FOR-
u r c> merly occupied by the N. >. G. W. In the
Pioneer building, 24 Fourth st. For terms apply
at 5 Pioneer place.
3'^= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— I
'5-& THEWKKICLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United States or Canada one year for $1 60, j
iiostao? free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
;-•--»- DB Q E-SUSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
Bfc-*^ his offices to 22 1 ■> (iear> st., rooms 1 and 2.
oT^ BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
ft"-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montsy su. room 6. Tel. 6580.
y~"p BAD I.NAN IS EJECTED, ?3. COOK,
Q>-~& Law an.l Collection Oilice. 1023 .Market st.
SITUATIONS AVANTED-FEMALE.
» 1 IKK >\VKiM^ll ~XND~GI£RMA7ricM"
J\.i : ployment Bureau, a number of first-class girU
await situations. 315 Sutter fit.
T* R. HANSKN &. CO.. TlO GEARY ST.,
V^ ; • furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at f flice, phone 01 mail us your orders: prompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
\i R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
■VTOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE TO
I list in l.ousew-ork or upstairs work. Please
>■:. . 212 Grove st.
"WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE DAY
'' washing, ironing or cleaning; terms 75 cents.
Address S. r- ., box 7.>. CaU Offlce.
i -O-MPKTKNT WOMAN \VI»IIES situation
v^' cooking and general housework; city or conn-
try. Address 29 Pleasant st.
p OM 111. N r WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
V/ to do general housewojk. Call or address 2289
Fifteenth st.
IjkLTaBLE GERMAN WOMAN WISHES TO
J k do general housework or as housekeeper; no
objecion to country; wages $12. 38b8 Seven-
teenth St., near Noe.
"jl ' ATIOS WANTED BY RELIABLE GER-
O man girl to do general housework; wages 520.
Ca'i or address 1706 i- v more.
/ 1 ERMAN WOMvN WANTS SITUATION TO
V.T do German cooking and houseworK; plain
wasiiing. all 901 Folsom st.. upstairs.
SITUATION WANTED BY' AN ELDERLY
O scotch woman to do housework; good cook and
baker; city or country. Address 136 Fifth su,
n»-ar Howard.
I)F.SPKCTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUA-
XI lion to do general housework or cooking in
private f:imily; German preferred. Call or address
1801 Mission st., near Fourteenth.
BY EXPERTeXC'ED~CATHOLIC INFANT'S
nurse: able or taking entire charge; best of
reference. Call 405 O'F»rrell st.
KIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Jl in small family to do peneral housework and
Icing. Call 1616 Buchanan si., bet. Geary and
Pos .
V OUNG LADY WITH NO CHILDREN
1 would like a baby to raise: terms flO a month.
Aiiilrt-ss M i:~. W. BA W VILLE. 32 Natoma st.
\Y ANTltI»— MIDDLE-AGED' LADY, Ri-.LIA-
'» ble, rants situation at light housework orcare
of child or invalid. Room 7, Hancock House,
iilssion st , near lourth.
"V OUNO GERM AN WOMAN WANTS STEADY'
X situation as first-class cook, no washing. in good
private or business house: best references given.
Address X.. box 98, Call Office.
T) EXPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
Jl situation to do housework; is a good cook.
50.il Pine St. -
YOU N U WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
J do housework and cooking where the madam
v/ould give a little instruction about cooking; is a
pood laundress. Address 2025 Filimore st.
WANTED— MIDDLE-AGED LADY LIGHT
'' housework. 420 Grove St., downstairs.
U" I DOW. WITH 1 CHiLD, DESIRES A POSI-
** tlon as housekeeper: city or country. 1165
Mission st.
,'"\" KA 1 seamstrkss would like em-
-i-» ployment in private family or dressmaking
shop. 148 Sixth St., room 3.
WANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG GIRL
'» to do general housework and cooking; good
reiereuce. 10 sri st.
•yOUNO LADY ; ~AV'iiULD LIKE to ASSIST
i doctor with patients; experience in confine-
ment cases. Please call or address 634 Ellis St.,
downstairs. '.'_•'
~) RESPECTABLE WOMEN, THOROUGHLY
— competent, wain situations as cook and nous—
keeper. Address or call at room 16, 775 Mission.
pE.-PECTABLE GIRL WANTS GENERAL
X\ housework; wages $16. Call at 355 Harriet st.
"DELIA BLE WOMAN WISHEB SITUATION
II as cook or do general housework In . small pri-
va'e family; city reference. 664Va Howard st,,
room 11.
G::,:MAN WOMAN SEEKS HOUSKKEEP-
Iug position; is good seamstress: looks more
for good home than for wages. Please call or ad-
dreu 819 Vallejo st.
WAN 1 I.I) —BY I: I > I'KCTA WOMAN,
»' position as ranch couk, or small family, no
upstairs work: city or country. Address N." box
47, all.
1 -OMPKTFNT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day or housework In the country; private
family. Call or address 617' 2 Natoma 81., bet.
seventh and i-.igh'h.
U■' ANTED— BY AMERICAN WOMAN ANY
kind of worn by the day: references. 418
Larkin st.
WOMAN OF EXPERIENCE WISHES
■*\- offices to clean; good references. Address
1207 Market st.
/CENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 8, 1007 Market.
pOMPKTENT YOUNG QIBL WISHES A
V situation to do general housework: good plain,
cook: reference. Please call at 1614 Mission SU
near Twelfth.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
kj American woman to do general housework
and cooking in American family. Call or address
8171/fr Post st.
HKSSMAKER "~W-ISHJ-.S ENGAGEMENT
by the day, or will take work home: uses Mc-
Dowell system; terms reasonable. Apply 653
I o.soin s:.
li-IRST-CLASS HAIR- DRESSER AND MaNI-
X cure wishes customers at residence. Address
H. I) . box 114, Call office.
"TOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion a; general housework. Call or address
1 188 Florida st.
GIRL, RECENTLY' FROM THE EAST, DE-
sires position to do general housework; good
references. 775 Mission at., room 16.
* MERICAN WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
XV working housekeeper and cook for working-
men. 114 Fourth su, room 15.
VOUXG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X cook; will do some laundry work. 711 Polk st.
kiPKCTABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUa"-
ti n as working housekeeper for elderly cou-
ptc or small tamily of adults. Address House-
k 1 ■■: er. 1945 Mission St.. near Sixteenth.
i.iUU. - A>. D AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes situation as chambermaid; is experi-
enced "and competent; good references. Address
or call bet. 12 and 2 at 106 Tayior St., room L
YOUXG REFINED CREOLE WIDOW ~~~~
1 sires a position as housekeeper. 917 Market
St.. room 19, second floor.
A/OUNG GERMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS
1 situation to do general housework. 434 Fifth
St., Rlncon Hotel. . .'•>■■•;
TjY YOUNGGIRL JUST FROM IRELAND, TO
1) do general housework. Call at 26 Ringold st.,
i,, Eighth and Ninth, Foisom and Harrison; no
postals. .
/-COMPETENT woman WANTS ANY KIND
Kj of housework by the day; references. Apply
-t 1342 Turk St., bet. Webster and Fillmore.
SITUATIONS WAN TED— Continued.
IDDLE-XgEE i AMERICAN WISHES
situation In widower's home; good house-
keeper, neat and agreeable; can give best of refer-
-1 ence. 612 Fourth St.. Oakland.
EFINED. EDUCATED YOUNG WOMAN AS
J l ; nurse and companion to invalid lady or young
person: willing to travel: several years' experi-
ence: excellent references: will be disengacT' d Oct.
1; can be seen in the city Wednesday for 3 days.
Address C X.. box 51. Call uttice.
VJ f.AT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
i-' tlon for light housework or take care of chil-
dren: wages no object. Address P. QL, box 69, Call.
YOUNG WOMAN' WISHES SITUATION AS
1 cook or any other light work. Address 110
Sixth st., room 10.
■yOUNG LADY' WANTS POSITION IN
1 otlico or copyiDg to do at home. Call 706 Ellis
St., ring two bells.
Vl' INCHES i bit HOI'SK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»T. Market: 200 rooms: 25c to £1 60 per night:
*1 50 to s6 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and bargaee to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
HU NTK R fc CoT~ INK SIC AND JAP A-
nese employment ofrlce. 17 Webb st. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
T APA AXD CHINESE EMPLOYMENT";
O best help. 314b Sutter st. : tel. Grant 30.
HINEsK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHIXKsK ANil JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414% O'Farrell; teL 1- . 42a
y man AND WIFE, WITH 2 CHILDREN
aged 8 and 5 years, positions in winery: man |
do cooperage, repairing, work on ranch or care for
horses: wife good cook. Call or address 1126
York st.
pELLAKMAN WITH FIRST-CLASS RKFER-
"V ences wants position; city or country. Address
E. W., box 15, this oliice.
W INEMAK WITH 8 YEARS' KXPEHI-
'» ence and first-class reference, wants position.
Address E. A., box 84, this office.
ANTKD— WASHING DISHES; ASSIST
'» In res:aurant. A. C. box 46. Call.
OOK-YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERIENCE
wants a situation. Add. Cook, box 10^, Call.
INITIATION WANTED AS GARDENER, LAB-
O orer, vegetable garden or to take care of horses.
Inquire 728 Chestnut St., Oakland.
IpMPLOV KENT WASTED BY SOBER MAN:
J aged 32: understands care of horses or could
i tnke watchman's place in warehouse or institute.
W. H. LKE, 714 Howard St.
Qifl WILL BK GIVEN TO ANY ONE WHO i
~7 I will find gentlemanly young man from the
i East work of any kind in otlice or store; not atrai.l
of work: can furnish $100 cash security if re- i
quired. Address Security, box 88, Call Oilice.
LDERi.Y GERMAN, SOBER AND RELl-
able, willing and used to any kind of work, !
wishes situation : city or country: best references.
Address M. M., box 95. Call Office.
OTKADY' YOUNG MAN I) SIRES SITUA-
O tlon to make himself useful on private place:
understands care of horses, cows and garden: is
willing and obliging:, Brat-Class references. Ad-
dress s. .... box 85, Cell Oilice.
A/ OUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH AND
X Spanish, wishes posi:ionof any kind. Address
D. D., box 68, Call . Hi...
UTLER SITUATION WANTED; THOR- i
oughly experienced. E. 11.. box 15, Call Office.
QHAMPOOER SITUATION WANTED. G. a",
! O box 15, Call Office.
/-COMPETENT MAN WISHES PLACE AS !
\J foreman on farm or stock ranch: northern
part of ftate preferred; married; no children. Ad- :
dress G. A. F., Vlsalia, Cal
DRAUGHTSMAN — A STUDENT INT MA- i
chine. draughting wants work in an office; :
pay small to begin; is a practical machinist and :
engineer. Address 710 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE BOY WANTS A PLACE WHERE
he can attend day school. Aadress T. W., 22
Prospect place.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN DESIRES situation
as gardener in private family; understands
1 care of horses: good references. N. 8., bo.- 1-2.
this otlice.
'OUNG GERMAN. 20 YRS. OLD, DK.-li:KS
X place where he can learn cookine; city or coun-
try. A. D.. box 122, thisofnee.
. LACKSMITH, FIRST-CLASS ALL-ROUND
1 man for logging, mining or railroad camps or
other work, wants posLion. B. 8., box 15. CalL
yOL'XO MAN WISHES SITUATION: CITY'
-1- or country; understands all kinds of general
work; has worked for years on private places;
references. Address S. C, box 14, Call Office.
A R PENT iat. ALL-ROUND MECHANIC,
\J seeks employment: city or country: can oper-
ate s eam-boiler and pump: steady job preferable.
Address C. M.. box 16. » ail Office.
yoUNG MAN. WISHES A SITUATION
X around private place; understands care of \
horses and cows: willing to make himself gen-
erally useful. Call or address S. J. 8., box 160,
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; "1 50 to $6 per
week: tree bus an baKcaee 10 and iromthe ferry.
(■" :l'l.TI NT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V, engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
j dress Engineer, 11&9 Markel St.. S. F., Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUsK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and ba«rga«re to and from the terry-
KKJIAI.E 1111,1' WANTKI).
J? BENCH BECOND QIBL, $26: WArTRI —
and parlor maid. $25; 2 second cirl.-. .*'.:. and
$20; nurse, "_'o: 15 housework iris, city and ]
country. 520 and $25; 8 yum,," gir.s assist, 111 to
$la. MISaCULLEN, 32" Batter St.
/"I ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK. $35: HOUSE-
' > work girl, san Rafael, 30. Miss CULLEN",
323 Sutler st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN" assist HOTEL
kitchen, Nevada, "15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Suiter su
/ 1 REEN GERMAN OK SWEDISH GIRL FOR
VX housework in country: see party here; $16.
C. R. hansen & CO., 110 Geary st.
QWKDISH NURSEOIKL COUNTRY* HOTEL-
Odo sewing; $15. C. R. HANSEN * CO., 110
Geary st.
ENEP.AL HOUSEWORK GIRL FOR OAK-
VJ land, $-J5: German or Swedish housework
girls, city. $25; German or Scandinavian noose
work girls, city. $20; housework eirls, city and
country, $20, $15. C. R. HANSEN CO. 110
Geary st.
TRESS WHO CAN MAKE SALADS,
country hotel. $20: waitress for Dlxou, .*•_•):
waitress, restaurant, city. $15 and room: waitress,
restaurant, city, $5 a week: 2 waitresses, country
hotel, south, see party here, $20. C. B. HANSKN
<fc CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED— A COOK, NO W A 1 1. A SHORT
'» distance, $30, see party here: 3 Protestant sec-
ond girls, $20: 4 cooks In American and German
families, $25 an I 530; hotel laundiess, $20: 2
hotel and restaurant waitresses, $20 and $U5;
ranch cook, $20; nurse and sewing, $13; girl to as-
slst in institution. $lf>, and girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
CO., 312autt»rst. ■
-J CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT SOME:
O waitress. $lft and room: waitress, $5 a week •
chambermaid, city. $20 and room; girl to wash
dishes, $15 and room: German cirl for second
work, $20, etc: girl foi Oa« St.. $20: German girl
for Polk st., $20; girl for Suiter st., $20: girl for
Sonora, Cal., $20; 13 houseeirls, $15; 17 young
girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, assist, etc.: 7
German, 9 Swedish, 3 Danish girls. MARTIN'S.
749 Market st. -
A\r ANTED — FRENCH WAITRESS AND
" seam sirens, "25; German second and seam-
stress, $20; Swedish and German girls for house,
work, $25: 2 nurse girls, $12: housework eirls,
$16. in small families: German cook, $25. LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason St..
W ANTED — STRONG, WI LLING Hor-K-
-»» work girl; must be good cook and kina to
children: wages $18; call -l to 4 o'clock. 2975
Twenty-fourth st., near Harrison.
ERMAN SINGLE WOMAN TO CARE FOR
an old lady: raferences wanted. 2220 Fill-
more st . corner Clay.
C COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL
VJ housework. 3319 Clay st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking; wages $15; small family. 2023 Sac-
ramento st.
RIGHT YOUNG WOMAN TAKE CHARGE
of exhibit at Mechanics' Fair. Vapor Cabinet
Company, 18 Post st
-\-OUNGGIRL ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
1 2018 Baker »t.
WANTED— girI to assist IN caring
'' for an infant. Call 9t012 at 2527 Filimore st.
OUNOOEBMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
X general housework; $15; ref. 906 O'Farrell st.
GIRL, ABOUT 17, FOR UPSTAIRS WORK
and care of children. Call after 9, 114 Powell.
' OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK.
1325 Leavenworth st.
r OUNG GIRL ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X 2 in family: wages $8. Call 10 to 1, 1430 Ellis.
GERMAN GIRL COOKING AND GENERAL
VJ housework; small family; good wages. 730
Haight st.
GIRL GENERAL HOUSEWORK. PLAIN
cooking, "12. Call before 12, 2420 Folsom st.
XPERIENCED GIRLS. paper-box mak-
XU er», at 765 Mission st.
THIRST-CLASS OPERATORS ON BOYS'
X clothing; good wages; steady work. GIRY.
307 Kearny st. '
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS, AND
yj apprentice. 626 Minna st.
L -CLASS FI..ISHERS ON VESTS-
X' steady work ; good wages. 461 i/a Minna st.
A P PRENTICE ON CUSTOM COATS. 669
A Market su
\V' ANTED-PANTS FINISHER; MUST BE
»» firs-class hand for 2 pair a day; $10 a week
Address FR.. box 89, Call Office.
\'OUNO GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK: 2 IN
X family; wa<-es $8. 971 Church St.. near 22d.
\\* ANTED— TA ON CUSTOM COATS
" 509 Vi Natoma st.
\\f AN TKi>— SCANDINAVIAN NURSIiGIRL;
• » wages sl3; reference. 2416 Filimore su
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
HELP WANTKD-Contlnued.
TV" OMAN TO COOK IN BAKERY: 7 TO 15
II boarders: no bread or pastry baking: kitchen
work only: $26 Apply this day before 12 o'clock
J. P. JOHNSTON* £ CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
yODNO GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work. 610 Grove st.
I » • ANTED — WOMAN . FOR GENERAL
'» houseworK in the country. Call between 9
and 10 o'clock at 903 Sutler st.
EXPERIENCED HANDS ON LADIES 1
Jli waists and wrappers ; also an apprentice. 126
Eighth st.
ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work; $15. 910 a Deviwiero, nr. McAllister.
VOCNQ GIRU WITH EXPERIENCE IN
1 sewing, to help on tailor work. 1213 Pollc st.,
store.
1 A DIES TO SELL MY TOILET SPECIAL-
I -sties; can learn hairdressing, manicuring and
beauty culture free. MRS. M. J. BUTLER, 131
Post st.
VOI'SG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: 3ln family; $10. 1916 a Bush st.
\Y ANTED— A GIRL. 14 OB 15. WHO UNDER-
" stands housework; references. 2123 Larkln.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
»» ota child 3 years old. Apply at the Baldwin
Hotel, room 274. bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
\ l ' ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
* work ; wages $10. 1138% Turk st.
\Y ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
»' work In the country. Apply at 818 Eddy |st.
\\' ANTED— A GOJD GERMAN OR SWEDISH
*» cook: city references required. Call between
10 and 12, at 2027 Howard st.
I\ " ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINERY
»» school incity; teacherof 10 years' experience;
large class now forming for fall work ; lar«e work-
room; references given. 410 Leavenworth st. '
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS GIRL TO WORK
»» on coats. S. MENDELSON, 550 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
ANTED -AN EXPERIENCED CREAM-
IT dipper. Apply 217 Front st-
W ANTED— COMPETENT GIRL FOR COOK-
'' ing ana housework. 2409 Washington st.
■\TKAT GERMAN GIRL FOR COOKING and
-LI housework; $ .5. Call bet. 10 a. it. an .1 2P. M.,
-'■'•■ • : '"'" '-- near California.
PROTESTANT GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
X housework; "8. 3629 Seventeenth st.. before
II a. M.
pUPILS FOR MILLINERY CLASS FORMING
J- this season; thorough and practical; satisfac-
j lion guaranteed; rates reasonable or 11 payments.
j Miss Daisy Baalce, 14 Cbuttu'-ooga «■ , betweeen
; Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
OPERATORS ON FLANNEL OVKRSHIRTS
land underwear. LXVI STRAUSS ,t CO., :-sj 1 a
; Fremont .st.
Till. McDowell, largest and best, in
-I fact the only tirs-- lass, dressmaking school on
the coast. Patterns 25c up. 636 Market st.
1 'LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
_ days Ire.-: 2to 3. 14 .McAllister, room 67.
HAIRDRESSINO. 250 AND ?sc: Mnr.MNd
and eve classes: 101es«ous.$l 60. IL'4m \l:^s;'in.
AIR-Di'.ESSING: MANICURING I.X SON'S
given MIBS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st., 105 9th.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RKSPECTABLK;
Winchester House, 44 Third gt.. near Market:
I '-00 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to 98
perweek: iree 'bus and banrac* 10 and from ferrr-
MALE HELP WANTED.
\VAITKK, *:<(). RKSTAURA-Tj WAITBB,
• •» $25 restaurant: 7 dishwashers; young man
; for kitchen work; porter for restaurant; night
; cook, restaurant: assis ant cook. -53 a week: m.vi i
and wife, small restaurant. MARTIN'S, 749 .Mar-
ket st.
~>~~~f~~~~ MA N. COUNTRY' HOTEL, $25 AND
I -I found: German second baker. $25 and found: 3
! waiter?, ■*;<(): barber, country shop; 6 cooks, "25,
■ $30. 40 and $60: 8 dishwashers 820: 300 hop-
: pickers; 20 tit-makers; farmer and wife; harness-
maker, $H0 and found: choreniun for a vineyard:
: 6 farmers: and many other places. MURRAY A
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 lay st.
ANTED— HEN TO PULL MEANS, |
•' $19 50 per month and board, long job; cook j
and dishwasher for large vineyard, $40 and .*'.'(•;
; dishwasher for camp, $20; cook, plain hotel In
; city, $ 0: wallerboy, country nOtel, #!.">: 60 men,
women and families to pick nope, goo 1 chance,
fee We; also farmers, milkers and others. W. D.
EWER & Co., 6-6 Clay st.
\W ANTED— WAITER, PLAIN HOTEL. f 3O;
' »» waiter for restaurant, $20: butler, small fam-
ily. $30: stableman, livery stable, $20: young
I French cook. $25 : French assistant pastry cook, >
i 920: Japanese cook, country. $25: cook sniull
boarding-house, country, $26; dishwashers, $15 to ,
j if 25. 1.1.0N ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
Ml. Af A D PASTRY COOK, COUNTRY HO- I
tel, "Ml; baker. $30. and dishwasher, «20, for
a miners' boarding-house: waiter, boarding-house,
1 $20: dlstiwasliers, potwashen, kitchen bands and
others. C. R. HANsKN A CO., L lO Geary St.
IV ANTED .' MINERS AND 1 LABOR!
*« for Alaska, free fare; fanner and milker an 1
wife, $35 and boos* rent: stable boy, $10 and ;
found; laborers for city, XI 75 ada.: partner in ,
butcher business; second cook for mill camp, $30: :
2 restanrant waiters for country. $16 and 9>30;
American cook tor institution. *50: p.lvnte fam-
ily cook, $25, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS- '
II 1 a Co., (i.« Sacramento st.
BOILER AND ROAST COOK, FIRST-CLASS
lJ country hotel, Sbs. L. K. HANSK.x & CO., 110
' Gearv st.
/ IEHMA N ' B AMERICAN VINKY'ARDIS T,
j Vj winemaker and i-el!arman: sma 1 vineyard;
married man preferred. Apply at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
MAN TO IRON SHIRTS, ETC.; $35. ROOM
and board. Apply J. P. JOHN SI ON .v Co.,
i 872 sdway, Oakland.
\I'ANTED— TWO GOOD -II IN< l.l.l;-, TH Is
*» morning, at 7 Middle st.
ANDY' MAN IN ROOMING-HOUSE WHO
can hang paper. 16 South i'ark.
\Y ANTED "Oil IRONER ON STARCH
; " work: .*■_' per day. Watsonville Steam
i.hu dry, Watson viile, cal.
MAN TO DO PAINTING, CHORES, ETC.;
wages $5 per month and found. 22.0 Ala-
i nieda aye., Alanteda.
A/ OUNG MAN TO LEARN BARBER TRADE;
j X board free. 853 Illinois St., Poirero.
' /-IOOD NIGHT COOK. MISSION ST.
WANTED — A YOUNG MAN ABOUT 16
*' years of ace; must have a little experience In
dry goods. Address M. !'.;.. box 87, this Office.
WANTED — A«FIR«FFCLASSI SALESMAN";
'« well acquainted witl stoves, sjranlieware and
crockery. Apply from 3:3j 10 6 i". m. 523 Market (
St.. room 7.
rnWO PAINTERS-WAN" XI , i'l 50 PER DAY.
X Meet at Clara and Fifth, 7 a.m.
UTCHER BOY "OF EXPERIENCE WANTED
at 576 Howard.
WANTED — GOOD UPUOLSTKRER. 1807
»> Volt st.
yo~N~~MA.\ Wanted to learn paint-
X ing. Call corner ..rove and Lugun.-t sts.
I LIST - CLASS GERMAN Hll M AKkR:
x musi speak English. 501 Castro.cor.Klßhteentu.
..OY WANTED. 2127 MISSION STREET.
PRESSMAN — PERMANENT. APPLY W. N.
X SWASKY'. 142 Eddy st., between 7 and 8 a. m.
AN with LONG WAGON TO cabby A D-
vertisini! transparency. "Light" oCice, 1203
Market sL
ARBEIt WANTED — YOUNG MAN PRE-
ferred. 779 Market sU
ANTED — maker ON sT.cond-
»» hand repairing work. 706 Howard su
W ASH Till ""ANTED! 207 SECOND ST.
I. ARBER WANTED— I4OI BUCHANAN ST..
I > near Kills.
WANTED— AN KXI'KRIKNCKD CLOTHING
>» sock clerk. H. ROMAN & CO.. Market st.,
cor. Fifth.
T"RRA~ND BOY WANTED. 144 GEARY ST.
ANTED- FOR THE UNITED STATES \
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less th*n b feet 6 inches In aalilil ; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak KiiiMlsh properly; only citizens .if
the United stales or persons who have legally de-
| clared their intentions to become citizens will be
I accepted: this Important branch of the naval
■ service offers special luducemenls: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the worid on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recr.il Ing Ofllce. 20 Kills su. sun Francisco, CaL
OARBKRS, ATTENTION— COUNTRY
-!-» shop run be bought for $50 down: 9 chairs: 2
: baths; balance In easy monthly Installments: price
$300. Call a: I>K< XXI.M.AN jtl.iis.', lott Kills st. ;
' ( 5lJ~»(l A FIRVT-CLASS tell.. MM HOTEL
•_ itJW. barb-.T-shop: fixtures cost *800 Ad-
dress R., box »S7. Call olli. .-.
Y\ ANTKD — STEADY MAN WHO CAX
" write a plain band to assist war ally la store:
salary "12 M i«-r week, with hauce of Increase:
! must have $75 cash. s. l = :>larket St.. room J.
\Y X WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
'• and women to represent the "Ladles' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., t\ F.
VKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
J-* 3d and 4th— Single tarnished rooms, nleht 15c to
50c;week $1 to "2 50 ;reudlng-room;sinclesl atten-
I tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all Light.
] QHOEMAKER WANTS SECOND-HAND
O patching machine. S. V., box 49, '"all OfHce.
I WANTED— PARTNER IX NICK CORNER
i '» grocery, with bar, in respectable neighbor- ;
' hood. Parties meaning business call corner Six- ]
teenth and Church sts.
\K r ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
" St.. Caiiioriila House.
\l7 ANTED— MEN TO LEARN ~ BARBER
*' trade; only 8 weeks required: tools Riven and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard. I
\\TAiNTED-50 men for SINGLE ROOMS; !
»» $1 week, 25c night 321 Ellis st; Bosednle. !
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 60c.: LA 7) 17."5~,~40~7r
don.- While you wail. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Finch's. -s.F-
'•AA MEN TO SEE BEST VARIETY" SHOW
OWU In town: steam, 10c bottle. 120 Grant aye.
LOSING OUT NEW AND D- HAND
/ shoes at 30c on the SI; this week only. 959
Howard si.
HELP WANTED— Continued.;
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
IJAUBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
*' P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
IiOUMs 15a 10 76c PKR NIGH V ; 50c TO »1 60
Xi, per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm sU
\\' ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» Mine simplo thing to patentr Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & «-0.. D<spt. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. for their *180U pn»e offer
and lisi of 200 Inventions wanted. .;.-. -..-.■■
WASTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
lARGEsT STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
-J on hand: shoes to order,. 93 50; hand-sewea
shoes, g5. 7^61-2 Howard »l',, bet. Third and Fourth
\Y IXCHESTERHOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
»» Market : 200 rooms. 25 centa a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BS-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
* ' sts.; single furnished rms 7Bcweek, 16c night.
ES. — REJuOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
TiIAMKN To TAKE LODGING A. T 100, lie
X\i\J and 20c a nleht, including coae« aud rolls,
t24 Washington st.. near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY--SING • E ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night, $i. $1 25, SI 50 per weelc
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
\Y ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
*' to know that Ed Rolkin, Renn House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: l&u
largo rooms; 250 per night: $1 to "3 per weeie.
\Y ANTED— SINGLK ROOMS, 16c ADA $1
1 1 »-»ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay sU
\ i 'IO FEED JIA-NHAIIAA slUtli FOOD;
i'l all grocers kern It.
\\J ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
~» ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
\\rii ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladies' solelug, nailed 35c; men's
soleing. nailed 50c; machine-sewed 75c; hand-
sewed 65c: fine shoes made to order from "2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been nauiaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
.T2 50. st>-' Mission si., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS "WANTED.
UrANTKD^MAToF EDUCATION TO MAX-
'• age educational enterprise in Southern Califor-
nia: full control of 5 counties. Call between hours
of 9 and 12 a. m. at 522 Central Bank building,
Oakland.
4 GENTS! BRiAN, SKWALL AND FHKK
XV .silver"; McKlniey, il.bart and protection;
every voter will buy line or the other: do you want
the profit? T. PERSON. Manager Subscription
Department The Whitaker »1- Ray C 0. .723 Market.
HOUSES WAXTED.
r oi"N., ( -i -I i-i.i. DEbIRES NKW^MODICRn'
1 rla or house of about 8 rooms in excellent
nelchborhood and not over IS minutes' ride from
California and Montgomery sts.: excellent refer-
ences eiven; no chllaren. Address D., box 48,
< ail otlico.
ROOMS \NTKI».
WwiKli BY MARRIED col l-I.K, PBONT
" suite In strictly private family (not house-
keeping) north of Hayes st. Address T. 8., box
74. thlsoflice.
AVANTKD-MISCKLLANEOUS.
IJEBPONBIBLK PARTI 10 HENI DII"INO-
XV room first-class hotel; rent taken in board.
Brunswick Hotel, cor. Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland.
CELL VoIK BOOKS, CLOTHING ANDJKW-
• elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.: send postal
(D»£>{if\ wanted OX "SECOND MORTGAGE
»_ '»''U by a business man fur 6 months: will
pay .?10 per month Interest, Address R., box 1
Call Ofßce, Oakland.
OKU, YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry to a. KLEIX, IU9 Sixth St.; send postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JBWRL-
r. watches repaired. Ml \|), '. 133 Vj Mission.
LOST.
LOST— LAD V ' S~ SILVER WA TC IfT~H
-J st., bet. Gout;!] and Larkln; liberal reward. 317
Gotieh -'.
FOUND.
FOUND A TANDEM BICYCLK: NKA*R
X Colma. Owner can have same by proving prop-
erty and paying for advertising, etc., by applying
to P. 1:. KELLY, agent for San Francisco Call.
Colma. Cal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
/ 1 IT AN A, THE GYPSY QUEBN, 8 TURK ST. ;
" I truthful in her predictions: reliable in her al-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have. come,
and she will guide you right ; ii.> fake;' satisfaction
guaranteed: oilice hours from 9 to 9.
1 . Mi.. ARNDT, BEST I- OR TUNK TELLER IN'
-'• the world: 60c and 8-1. shows picture of ronr
future husband or « :i.-. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
A I MB. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELI.S
-•'• past, 1 resent and future: success to all; for-
um, s by mail: low urlces. 856 .Mission st.
Ml.. PORTKB, O.s OERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant. Cnrd-r»»adPr. born v.-lth a dou Die vellan.t
■econd sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk si., nr. Jonev
MM I- . Drl THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT: 25
_ yrs herny. now 929 Post: fee $1; letter fB. j
GYPSY LIFE-READER, RKMOVKDyFROM 5 i
J Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies 25c: gents 50c. |
A I ME. HANSEN. PALMIST, CARD-READER; i
■i'l punt, present and future: 25c. 148 6:hst.,r 5.
M.MI-.. MOI'.EAU, Hf-.>l MEDIUM; UKVhA 1 A
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
I MX. ItAVEXA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
m business advice ; names nlv»>n:-Jscup. 5 Fourth.
MX. LKGETTE— PRESENT, past AND
future; 25c. 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourt.i.
MME. SYHILLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife; ladies 25c, 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. svii! 1.1.1. TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: ladles, 25c; gents. 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
pLAIBVOYANf: LADIES AND GENTS; FEE
Vj 'J.""- 41 Minna st. basement.
SPIRITUALISM.
veritable" q"ueen~among women is
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWR
FF.E »1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years pa.it, Is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every (.uffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: tns
separated ore united; the sick made strong ; the
poor b-como rich; if you think your husband, wire
or lover is untrue, consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power i* as tar above those poor mortal* j
who try 10 imitate he.- as the eternal heavens ara I
hlch above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoei j
not know what failure means! Her "Bevealed ;
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure j
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment by mall is always most "ju» 1
CesefOl and aatlsfaciory. All letters answered.
Diseases Diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 & UPWARD! FEF. $1 A UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market at., opp. Seventn.
Ban Frnnclsco. '
WONDERFUL CONVINCING PROOF OF
'» SPIRITUAL POWER.
WRITE AM, BK CONVINCED.
«1 $1 SI $] $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 91 "1
Tills WEEK ONLY.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 Market St., S. F.,
Diagnoses disease, with mil life-reading, from
lock of hair: this week only for $1 : take advan-
tage oi this rare opportunity: her reveal im-di- I
dries work wond-rs with the sick and allllcted.
Write address plainly ana inclose lock of hair.
gl 81 f~ -*1 $1 .*! si $1 $1 $1 if.l $1
RETURN ED— M tt*. MAYO CIRCLE
-It Sun., lues., Fri. evenings: Ladies' circle
Thurs. 2 v. m.; readings dally. 1015 Market, r.19.
LM'.IEND- 111 I' HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
I MRS. c. J. MEYEB holds meetings -on., Mon.;
Thnra. and SaU; 7:30. clr. Tue., Frl. 9 i-. M.; slugs
Ki.M l:.M.i. MAYO STEERS. TRANCE
-It medium; private readings dally. 1015.Murket
St., room 19.
T EST ' IRCLK " TO-NIGHT; lOci MM K.
X YOU xo, »05 McAllister; ail skeptics invited.
\] its. mayo steers— CIRCLE t..- night,
ill -.'.")! ; private^ readings daily. 1015 Market at
Aj its. shrixer-circleto..n"igut tests
■M to all. Me: sittings dally. 311 Van Neasave.
To NH, II I "I 1 HKIS-MANN— GRAND
X test meeting. 326 Mi Ulster adml talon free.
BISHOP UAHRISON. 1370 M AI'.KKI . >i AN
iJ c^s I uesdav, Friday even's, ~6c 10 to 4 daily.
A M. FRANCIS, IN DKI'I.N !>l M
v.v. writer. 11« Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 r M.
MRS. KATE HOsKINS, TRANCE MKl.n M;
slttl'igs»l; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak.
\ j Its. FDLTOX. MATERIALIZING SKA?CE,
" to-nlgh': r>(>. Blttlncs .1.'.11y. 31 Ff:i *•
M^~~~~~ >^~~~~~"~~~~~~"~~" l "~~~ l- ~~~~~~""~~~~"~~ l ~~~~~~""" - ~*^"*" l ~ t -«"» f
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM AND VITAL MAUN] II M
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
eons, a so how to hypno ia»> Listantaneously, by
professor of the French school: a gooJ opportunity
Is here offered to physicians and students of
Bdence Interested lo its ibernpcutlc effects: high-
esteredeatials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
0 o 1 nrrell st.
i;ssio\AL CARDS.
y RANK -Hay. ATTORNE Y-AT-LA W. ROOM
.1 421. fourth Hoor, Parrott building (Emporium).
I "II i.. i.ICHARDs, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
«* '-!■; and '.'7, Crocker building; telephone Main
1 5, San Francisco. Cal.
JOHN K. AITKKN ANDMAI I ASUBR
V attysat law. rm.H515.51t;. .'> h Hoor. Parrott iildg.
TO LKASE. ~
"LOR IIh.NT 111 l LEASE -50-VARA I/IT SE.'
X cor. Polk and Jackson Ma.; rent «50 per
month. Address J. b., 427 tiausome m., S. Jf".
rEKSOSALS. _„_
AMV-1 F^fWAT^RATtTY^HI^rLb HAPPEN
-i\. to call you come on next train; come any-
way; yon can depend on me. B/- N.
LINE WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
* made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground;
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
AD V FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
X\. ciulty; private; no charge less successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HO\VK,atty-at-law. «50 Marketst.
you MOST ARTISTIC HAIRDRESSINO GO
A to Up To Date parlors, 850 Market st., room 14;
hairdressing and manicuring free to all, Wednes- i
day, 10 to 2. •
Persons having claims for jury
-I- services, rendered In criminal courts under the
fee bill of 1895. can have the same collected at a
charge of 15 per cent. For particulars apply at
rooms 71-72. Nevada block, or to 933 Greenwich
street. P. J. EaG AN. "
GOLD AND SILVER FIGHTS DON'T AF-
fect my business; I'll dress the hatr just as
skillfully as ever for 25c: have enlarged my estab- |
lishment: have you tried "Quinonla" hair tonic for :
dandruff? 35c a bottle. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
NORMOUS PROFITS— MEN WANTED IN |
-J every county on the Pacific Coast to sell the ;
"Lightning Scissors Sharpener": bestseller to be :
found; send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
Address E. c. STOWK. box 841, San Jose. Cal.
I* AL L COURSE, HEALTH TALKS. COM-
mence September 10. Viavi Hall, 2304 Van
Ness aye., at 3 p. m.
AGGAGE held FOR UNPAID BILLS at ■
me Lapham House, 506 Jones su, will be sold
at auction o»: premises Tuesday, >ept. ],15f»6.5 p. U. j
At KCHANICS' FA I SHOW CARDS CHEAP; I
IU business cards, $1 50 per 1000. HILL, 22y a I
Geary st. T
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432. S. F., Cat.
\ I SS THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101%
ITI Grant aye., room 10.
THE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS: i
J- suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor- I
Ing Company, 1117 Market su, bet. 7th and »th.
pONFINKMKNTS ATTENDED BY REGU-
>- iar physician; $16 upward. A., box 98, Call.
A I ORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
-i'l Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone Into busi- 1
ness wilh U. RIFLSINI), and opened an establish- '
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladies', misses'. i
children's cloaks to order; fit guaranteed ;low prices
T~~~~~KH DELIVERED 25C. BAY CITY'
X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 57.
<~JJ PANTS TO ORDER;" SAMPLE BY i
«^^l WKRTHMAN Pants Company; local agents j
wanted everywhere. 22' ... Geary street.
ADVICE FREE ALL PRIVATE LAW MAT- '
_ ters; mod. lees. Atty. McCABE, 1027 Market.
1> A RTJ N G TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE I
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Clashes: instructors. J. 11. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine. I
i T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
-tv. Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 V" Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal.
ALL FACIAL BLEMISH KS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, (jc»>rs, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth. i
RAZOR-FIX OUR SPECIALLY: FINE
edge put on razor, 2sc. Razor Exchge,63oMarket |
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
* manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
IGOUTDOOR STERKOPfIcuN SHOW KVB-
:/ night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ,- artistic ad- ,
vertleements In living light; promoters of bast- ■
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
ELECT LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I !
Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market: i
100 rooms, 2Bc to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage, to and from the ferry. ,
IBKRAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW- i
-J elry. etc. : lowest rates. t)4H Market st.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES"
clothlne honchu COLMAN. 41 B<i. cor Jesslo. j
UKKSSMAKKRS.
llfjl G^ATlY^T^YXlSH^lTß^S^E^rt^^pT
1 X\J% dresses made over: pattern? cut to order. '
RESSKS «_> UP; WRAPPER^ 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 505"i Natoma st., above Sixth.
OTYLISH SUITS. S3 DP: skirts. 75c UP;'
0 fit ci rini!. ■■ .1. 5591,4 Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES', THE LEADING COLLKGE, 82© j
Montgomery St.: individual instruction in i
shorthand, typing bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.';
life scholarship $50; low rates jer week and mo.
RS. MELVILLE BNYDEK, 715 POBI ST.;
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic actltig a specialty; !
vocal classes Monday, 8 P. M.; $1.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS 1
College. 723 Market st ; expenses less and j
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: ENGLISH
li literature; letters written. MISS FAG EN, 427
Sutler st.
7"OICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND D -. L- j
sarte taught thoroughly; 25" lesson. 749 Fol-
som st. 1
'I ' I : \< ■ HKK: ASSISTS PUPILS IN GERMAN,
1 Latin. Greek. French. arithmetic. E. 5.,411 Mason
ALMA K. HYER, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN- i
jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction ;
OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ABITH U IC. GRAM R t
day A nl ht : noclasses: $5 month. 84 5 Mission 1
KOK. LOUIS MERKI; VIOI.IN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 (ieary.nr. PowU. \
UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL !
Vj lessons: $3 mo. MARY' WKsTJI -is. 39 Fifth. !
T ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH- '
JJes ptano,siiiKlng,Freii' :?3nio. 1. M IOOSPotk
MR. .V M I:-. X"L M I- R. 11. \> II Kl.s man
dolin, guitar, banjo. 933 Market St., opp. Mason
i. 1. 1.am o ■- LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING— !
• ' Private theatricals arranged: pupil* rehearsed j
on stage. R. 5 and 12. I. O. O. F. block, hand Mist j
SCHOOI 111.. I Rl< AL. Cl\ IL. MINING, MB. 1
chauica! engineering, surveying, architecture- I
«May:estab. '6-1. VAN DER N A I LI. EN". 723 Mkt, I
pROFESSOR ... MANSFIELD, TEACHER OK !
X violin .guitar, mandolin, ia:;io. 1707 Mar
BA N Jo. I'IANO, MANDOLIN THOROUGHLY !
taught; 50c a lesson. 125 Tenth sU
-MM AIMS! AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ivce. free.
STORAGE.
SrORAGK-(h) \ I'l^l I \ I HKcItTTfTrE j
prool bo tiding; advances made. 211 l.arkin.
TORAGK— CIIKAPESTI.N THKCITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
-j-URNI'RJ R PIANOS, TRUNKS; A~> '
A 1 vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post. '
VB. SMITH " FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS; I
. low rates f.-e-proof building: I- astern plaiL, .
~ 3IKI>ICAL.
BLESSING TO LAHIKS SUFFERING
from Irregnlaritles and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects: never makes there, sick to make them well;
traveler* helped immediately; prices to suit the
times: home In confinement. DR. it MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank; :
consult free; French regulating pink pills $-j; ,
hours from 9 a. v. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. it. !
LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RE- \
stored In a few hour*; safe and sure relief |
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri- I
vate home in confinement: regular graduate phy- I
filcian; 80 years' successful practice; MEDICAL j
ELECTRICITY us^d; ties, consult the, doctor i
before going elsewhere: you will save time and I
expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. \vv i. 1 H. 916 Post st., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— No MEDICINE. INSTRU- '
mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician lor all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
Dan he sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a '
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
ALPK.Afs FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
-rV lauies troubled with irregularities: nodanser-
safe and sure; $2 50 express c. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. QSGOOD BliOS.. Oakland, Cal.
I ADI i:s. CUM II ESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY- j
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are beat; safe, re-
liable; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Belief for Ladies," in letter by return mail-
at druggist's. CbichesterChem. Co., Philadelphia! I
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN
XJ daily, unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home in confinement; best care-
low fees; pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
MRS. DR. WKUENKR TAKES LADIEH BE- !
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints Or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st.
CUBE < i 'in-. FOR all .Mali-, DISEASE*
O from whatever cause; a home 1c confinement <
SibVSS7 GW^K r R, 226 Turk's" yliarttUL - d - »' i
pATABRB CURED CHEAP WHEN OTHERS !
\J fail. ARON L. WHKKLOCK, 614 K. aruv St.. i
Maine House. ' j
vi its. J. a. A. II > KD. midwife-home in '■
■i»* confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis- ;
sion st.
TtR. DORA C.RAY- ALL FEMALE CO~T-
XJ plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
IF IRRKGULAR OB ANY' FK.MALK DI~KA.sK
see MBa. PR I'UKT/. and becu.-.tenU 264^41^
D~L HALL, 14 MCALLISTERS" It NEAR
Jones. Diseases of wom»n and children.
pHI VA IE HOli IN <om 1 \k.v, k.n T. MRS.
. DP. FITM-kk. -lit; X if.. in m. Aiiinr- lit
A TTOItNKY*- AT I. AW.
AJ'VIIK FKEE-DI VoIUK LAWS A SPBCl-
airy; private; do charge aaless snccessfnl; all
law sol in, 1. .1.114, collection*. nllls. deeds, eto., at* !
tended to. ... W. HOW K. Htiy-*l-l»w. »50 Market. j
NOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 636 PABBOTT
i-> building; coiisullatlonii free; moderate fees.
LEGAL BUSINI>S TRANSACTED with"-
Out publicity; advice tree and confidential. J.
O. JEFFREYS. 402 Montgomery st., room IS.
DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE LESS SUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market nt.
F. ARAM. A IT'V A I-I.A PABBOTT
• bldg. Practices in all courtß;chargns moderate
RW KING, A'TTORNKY-AT-LAW. CHRON-
. U-lo bldtc advice free; moderate; open ovugs.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
QOXA^^OaTaNI) WOOD YARD: ENGINE
~p.jt)U. and boiler, 3 wagonsand horses; every-
thing required for the business; this is the best
buy ever offered in the cit<- for the money. LU-
BELSKr&CHAS.-., 7 City Hall aye. .
<jjj I '(\ FINE FRUITSTORE: GOOD LOCAL-
~T I ')U. ity; with living-rooms in connection
and horse and wagon: stock all fresh, and this is
paying well. LUBELSKI & CHASE. 7 City Hall
avenue. :•-■ >.../.. •-:
UST BE SOLD THIS WEEK: THE BEST
chance ever offered in S. F. to go into the
saloon business; fixtures and stock cost $7000:
call immediately and see photo of place and get
particular < • 'no reasonable offer refused: terms
cash. LUBELSKI <fc CHASE. 7 City Hal! aye.
<"• I (inn PARTNER IN ELEGANT PAY-
«3P-« \J\J\J. ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the tuT investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avo.
<"♦/•/ in Partner in stationery busi-
t;pUUV/. ness across the bay: tine locality: good
stock and fixtures; only object In taking partner
is to have interested party in the business.
LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
fl ".ATI FRUIT AND VEGETABLE
tjp I O\J\J. stall: finest location In the city: tak-
ing in $25 to $40 per day; cheap rent; the fullest
Investigation will be given. LL'BELSKI A
chase, 7 City Hall aye.
~2~~~7T7~ ONE OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
1 \J\J . rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation;
reason for soiling, owner moving into own prop-
erty. LUBELSKI A CHASE, 7 city Hall aye.
* r\7\ FINE RESTAURANT: ONE of
"?"""• the best locations In city; cheap rent;
receipts $20 per day: this is the besi bargain in
the city ; or will trade for good small piece prop-
erty. LUBELSKI <fc CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
CjTnn CIGAR AND STATIONERY' STORE
•~? I \J\J. near park: building included: suitable
for man and wife. STENBKRG CO., 632 Market.
*t^ftfin SALOON; MARKET ST.; GRAND-
tirO\J\J\J. est fitted up place on the coast: 2
cash registers, safe, etc. ; large and only Al stock:
low rent: long lease; by big elds finest day saloon
in town: more than value in sight: bargain offered
this week only; retiring from business reason for
selling. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market st.
C? 99 x SALOON; THIRD ST., nr. RAIL-
~P-« •— *J. road depot; best location: receipts av-
erage $12: eenuine bargain. STERNBtRG &
CO.. 632 Market st
"It 1 '^YYTS RESTAURANT AND OY'STER-
iJIOUu. house: best location: nicely fitted
up; 5 private rooms; genuine bargain to cash
ouyer: see for yourself: or exchange for real estate.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market. St.
Q»t»nnn wholesale A D retail
•jiD\»UU . liquor-store; stock and fixtures worth
$2760: splendid business location: sells only on
account of disagreement in partnership. STEN-
BKRG & CO., 632 Market St.
O A LOON : RESTAURANT; 26 FURNISHED
~5 room* : will sell or exchange for property: rare
chance to suitable party. STENBERG it CO., 632
Market st.
(3;l>'7k SALOON. DOING GOOD BUSINESS.
isiJO\J. STEN:.ERi; .V CO. , 632 Market St.
O A' A CORNER SALOON -.WATER FRONT;
•T Tt»". good paving business: stock worth
double the price. WILKE, 531 California st.
~~~T7~a7\^cxTf~f SALOON; CHOICEST
«ITXUWU. downtown location: doing large busi-
ness. WILKE & WoLF, 531 California st.
<BjOAr\ SALOON, CALIFORNIA AND
<"""". Kearny sts.: low rent; first-class pay-
Ing place: actual value, "1200. WILKE, 631 Cali-
fornia at.
r. f\(\ SALOON ESTABLISHED YEARS,
<ijp*J\J\J. Market st. ; average daily nceiptsslB
guaranteed; rent, $65. WILKE, 531 California su
» 1 700 COBN KR GROCERY, BAB; C A L l-
'.. 1 •''"• fomiasU: doing large cash business:
rare chance: investigate at once. WILKE &
WOLF, 531 California st-
ARROOM ON MARKET. NEAR THIRD:
• • $600: sacrificed on account ill-health of owner;
rarest chance; full investigation given. WILKE,
631 California st.
t"j. fW k CORNER CROCERY AND BAR;
•?'""'• living-rooms; rent $30; doing good
business: choice location. WILKIE & WOLF, 531
California st.
TO BUY OR SELL. A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
X see MYKRS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
9XA RESTAURANT; JUNCTION OF
' —•''". principal street; car lines; regnlarand
transient trade: doing good bnsiness: (sickness).
See MYERS ,v GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
<a>*il PER MONTH INTEREST AND A 6-
♦_ — L room house fre,e for an investment of $500,
which buy- 2 houses and large stable. MYKRS
«V li. AH AM, 777 Market st.
UTCHERS, ATTENTION —THE FINEST
butcher-shop In San Francisco, doing a large
business: this is a bargain that will not last: in-
cluding all the utensils such a place requires: this
business is open for investigation: no reasonable
offer refused. See MYERS <fe GRAHAM, 777
-Murker. St.
Q 1 ".A RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
O -I«JV/. and bar; tine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; fu'l inves-
tigation. see MVERs A GRAHAM. 777 Market.
C? '->O^ FINE RESTAURANT AND OV.-TKB
tTp*>£.rt. parlor: half block from Market su. in
midst of leading theaters and business houses. See
GRAHAM A MY ERS, 777 Market St.
H' 1 111. TO I. IAS!. FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement, brick building, con-
taining s*B rooms: also uround-ttoor and well-
liehied basement: centrally located, half block N
01 Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Kmporium building: newly famished throughout;
furniture for sine on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to Si. SILVKRBERG, 320
Sansome st . room 39
ag 1, .1 COAL YARD: ONE up THE isEST
O^» "'• stands a: the Mission; fine business;
low rent; sickness tne only caus^for selling. Apply
917 Market, Room 2.
ffljl Km BARGAIN; restaurant
•7 1 *)\t. near Market and Sixth, worth $500:
owner leaving the city; doing nice business; any
one can run it. Apply 917 Market, room 2.
l"OR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X llshed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order; has a line day and I: id 1 1 trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day . md
night travel: two Hoors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. -vi., box 100. Call Office.
GROCERY" AND BAR: FULL VALUE IN
sight: pays well; good room: bargain, this
week. See Ill's SIR A ND, 45 Third st
A LOON AN D LUNCH HdT SE ; \VELL-
litted-up building, Including lor-g lease; great
sacrifice. Bee GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
<3» ii\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
O 'I", rent $12; bargain. SKIFF, 921 Market.
'""TV)"- BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
"?■'-—'-'• notion store; 3 rooms; rent 15; north
Market: finely fitted. SKIFF, 921 Market si.
ALFOIt WHOLE OF FINELY FITTED UP
restaurant on city front: increasing trade;
low rent; perfect order; sacrifice to cash buyer;
trial given. Apply office Bay City Market.
POtt SALE— KAKEUY AND VARIETY'
-T store surrounded by schools and factories: 5
rooms attached: low rent -with lease: owner goes
to Europe; no agents. Inquire at Call office.
ARE CHANCE— FRENCH LIQCO u-STORK;
priucipa! corn r of city; old established; doing
good, steady business: must be seen 10 be apire-
dated; sold account of old zee. L. S., box 16, Call.
(~j ~(\(\ FOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON
~T 1 \.'\J . In wholesale district: no night or Sun-
day work: a bargain: prlnclr als only ; good cause
for selling. Address Saloon, box 99, Call office.
dfeOAA PARTNER ' FOR HALF INTEREST
»„— *'''.ln an excellent-paying • restaurant;
must be either a good cook or waiter; call at once.
'1 he Loriston Restaurant. 621 and 623 Bush St.
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established good location: full line oj
bicycles, sunaries, tools, oven vulcauizer: opening
for machinist. 1113 Market st.
AOCAA WILL BOY HALF-INTEREST IN
<J)O»-)UVJ one of the best paying hotels In the
city; Investigation invited. Address S., box 52,
Call Office,
"IjHYS I( ' ATTENTION — A GRAND
■1 chance totake the practice of leading physician:
also elegant library lor sale. Inquire 211 ' La, k.n.
<3»Q" AVERAGE WEKKLY NET ;iNCOME
«J)O«J 5250 invested: safe.consPrvative: prospec-
tus, proots, tree. I. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. V.
V T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. « OWAN BUYS
..» stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15.26 Montgomery.
BLICACY STORE AND GROCERY; GOOD
business: near large school; no opposition;
snap: make offer this ollice. 1 18 Filimore st.
"L->OR SALE — FIRST-CLASS CORNER SA-
F loon, with furnished rooms; part on time. In-
quire Milwaukee Brewery, 432 Tenth st.
ALOON P vRTNER WANTED FOR TO
._ enlarge, business: excellent chance lor good
party. 88 Chronicle building.
LOR SALE, CHEAP— CANDY-STORK AND
1 icecream par or. with all fixtures for rnanufac
turin-. 2410 Mission St.
©Ifr f\ CIGAR-STORE. WHOLESALE DIS-
~p 1 «_)»/. trie : full value in s:ock: good busi-
ness: rent "20. 26 First.
/ A X LAND ROUTE Toe EVENING BUL-
\r letin tor sale; clears $95; *2000. Apply 962
Broadway, Oakland.
'EWSPAI'ER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
1 close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this otlice.
AUNDRY AT A SACRIFICE: GOOD BUsT
A ness. 2102 Howard >t.. upsluirs: Stol2a. m.
QO~f-; CIGAB -lan 1) rOk SALE; A COR
"T— • '■'• "er. Apply 102 Ellis. Florence House
GOOD CASH BUSINESS. APPLY AT ONCE.
T. A. ANDERSON. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
1 BTAURA NT TO LET; FIXTURES FOR
XV sale; ha.f m block from Suiter. Apply 1212 Polk.
, • 1 "- I.KM A N PARTNER WANTED; $35
\i oapital: good business R. 8, 121 Montgomery.
AIRY AND PRODUCE BUMNKSS, 4 LIV-
liiK-rooms, for sale cheap. 1006 Hyde st.
A LOON: LONG LKask: LOW BENT! ap-
ij ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Paclfic-s 1 -
■L" « » SALK-KXAMINKR ROUTE IN CEN-
rUr of Oakland. HILL, 114S Chester st.
ftnOO A BARGAIN -OKOCKKY STORE.
'.. •"" '■ Call Vermont and 23rd.
SALOON AND i ROOMS ,TO LET. 829
Howard st,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
Trj~DR~SALE^FINE CIGAR-STAND. OWNER,
J 311 Bush St.
TVTICE SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP. »17
1\ Kearny st.
©T^ CU!AR-STAND.~I3I EDDY ST.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
P7v^>o!Jmhou^7^cTe^aT^^ looT^auooo
OU 24 rooms: new and good soj
6 rooms anc" bath: flat: worth $500 225
30-room house: $500 cash, bal. payments... IHOO
22 rooms: corner house; new 1700
14 rooms; boarding-house: 40 boarders 1-j.vj
90 rooms: guaranteed to clear over $150 3700
18-room house on Sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply- to H. C. DECKER & CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Fi'th;
&enn lodging HOUSE: great ear-
ilJpUUv*. gain: '-'6 rooms near Market and Fifth;
first floor occupied as offices; «ood furniture;
worth $1200. Apply 917 Market St., room 2.
1(' ROOMS, NEAR EXAMINER; MUST
10 sell; offer wanted. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
4 Q ROOMS: HOUSE WILL CLEAR $100;
•1O $1200; cash. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
- ROOM, CORNER HOUSE, SUTTER ST.;
it) c learn monthly "250 above expenses: price,
$3000; rent, $125. WiLKE, 531 California.
OUSE 11 ROOMS roB SALE; CHEAP.
Call 233 Third; no postals.
Q("| HOUSES: $300 TO $8000. PHELPS <t
O\J CO., 917 Larkln st.
T ODGING-HOUSE 9 FURNISHED ROOMS,
Xj bath: sell cheap. 331 Jessie st.
BARGAIN: FINE WELL-FURNISHED
house; 20 rooms: steady, well-paying, respect-
able class of patronage. 26 Ninth St.; no agents.
1 'A ROOMING HOUSES FROM $250 TO
lO\J $10,000. See UNDERWOOD & CO., 765
Market St.
"pRIVATE ROOMING-HOUSE IN BEST OF
-1 order; must be sold on account of departure.
413 Four st.
%1 ~»n 7 BURNISH ED RO MS: ALL RENT-
' I'"', cd. 403 Stevenson ■>-.. cor. Fifth.
FURNITURE FOX SALK.
"L'IRK SALr.!
X I Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ..,,..,.  . $m 39
Bedlounges ... ••-• 80,1
Stoves ........1".'... 75(J
Carpets, per yard . !."...'.*".".*"'.".".".'.".".!" 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, per yard , -..--•-. IU
Till our new building is erected these' prices will
stand. ill such time we are conducting buslnesi
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission ats. S.
NOON" AN.
T/URNISHED FLAT ON A VALENCIA-ST.
X corner for sale at a great sacrifice If sold this
week: 6 rooms and bath completely and newly
furnished for housekeeping: must be sold on ac-
count of departure; no agents. Address D. N. E.,
box 112, Call Office.
A T L. .1. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOlt
J\ lowest prices on household goods, new Of goilil
as new; or lime, open evenings.
Ai\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $11;
"iW stoves. $5: parlor Bets. $20: folding- bed
fin; bed- ounces $7. T. O. MCCARTHY 112 4:h.
FURNITURE ANTED.
QECON^D'HTNITF^R^rrrUIUC AND OFFICE
0 fixtures wanted to fill country orders. 7 City
Hall aye,
/"VFFIOE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
V_/ price* for second-hand oQlce desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission St.
rilO SELL FURNITURE To ADVANTAGE try
1 M. SILVERSTr;iN,969 Howard st. ;send postal
UCKINGHAM FURNITURE • CO. PAYS
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; seuil
postal. 866 Mission st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURN£-
tnre and merchandise sec BURD, 211 Larkln.
C. MUTHER. 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
• est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' A uc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays casli
CARPET CLEANING.
')C A YARD AT GREAT WES I ERN I ABPE t
O C eanlng Works. 11 Eighth st. ■' - . -;
ONES & CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1001.
ARP~ET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. : RUU
\J samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bthst.
\\' 11EN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH,
" poorworK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama su : tel. so. 4U.
/ ON KLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKa. JJi
V J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CUTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
/ line, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 253.
C~VARPJK 1 3 CLEANED AND HE N 6 V A tttU
\J like 'jew. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: UU
south 30. D. MACK IN * CO.. succesiorj.
"1 E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2111
'I . 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission /l.
bicycles:
t> hiT^elowTosTl
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 324 Post st.
I"O\VLERAND MENHIR. $60: BEN HUR
tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
LOR WALE— NEW 1896 BIC i'CLE; 4307
r DAVID N. HAWLEY', 318 Market St.
1 1 AKGAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM: ALSO
I > single wheels. 306 Post st.
OARK CYCLERY'— NEW WHEELS TO iJStT
X best accommodations. Terminiu Geary, M>
Alliater and Powell st. car lines.
FOR SALK-.IUSCKLLAXKOUS.
* N OPEN-FACE 14-KARAT. SPLIT-SECOND
A chronosrapli watch, cost $200, for $90 at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
~\ PAIR OF SOLITAIRE EARRINGS. STEEL
1Y white, perfect, weight 3 karat, cost $500, foe
"260 at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
\ 43 4 -KARAT DIAMOND KING, PERFECT
.i\. stone, but off-colored, for $240 at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
A 14- AX A I GOLD. LATEST I PRO V
J:Y Howard watch tor $50 at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye.
OOD WATCHDOG FOR SALE; GREAT
Dane breed. 434 Fifth st.
HUFFLE-BOARD FOR SALE CHEAP AT
kj 1100 Kentucky st.
/• ' ARa.ED CHANDELIER IN PERFECT OR-
U der: at a sacrilice. 321 Hyde st.
ARS, SHOWCASES," COUNTERS, SHELV-
ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 >iis.sion, nr. 7th.
pOKFEE MILL, SCALES. LETTER PRKSs,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
V] O. 1 FRESH COW. F.W. HUTCHISON, COB-
1^ tier Sinter and Claremont :ive., Temescal.
\ r KW '96 BICYCLE CHEAP. 317 THIRD
Xi sU, upstairs. .::'"'
YOUR BABY CARRIAGES ANDRAT-
' ) tan furniture nt the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st.,
near Mission.
PLEXDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER,'
0 $45: others from $20 op. REVALK, 409 Cal.
I>uilers7kngink>,2i>handmachinery.
XJ waterpipes Mclntosii it Wolptnan, 137 Bealsw
f\ OU>*TK It s. SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V >bars boucrh * sod. 1121% Markt.bet 7lh A
A LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
2\. cost; hood tops, 55 60 up; repairing; open
evening's, S. K. Baby Carriage M ft. Co.. 442 Sixth.
OOD SECOND-HAND BOILER: ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAN FORD,
415 Washington st.
9 HORSEPOWER GAS OB GASOLINE EN-
— glne; good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
" UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASECB"
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
/ NE >MAU iltluiJl ANi» LARGE tOZM
V-' lire and ba.-z>.r proof >o»f(». 03. 11l Market v..
\'EW ranged cheaper than bkconu-
1> band. AT. a RAY M:'» Co.. 12 California s-_
Cheapest AXI) BEST in AMERICA— THB
WEEKLY CALL, sen) to i.ny address In tha
United States or Canada one year for SI 50. posl-
age tree.
SEWING MACIIINKS.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth su
HORSES. ~
TWO GOOD HORSKti A\ D WAGOX~FOR
sale cheap. 564 Howard st.
I AKGE YOUNG I Horses"; HALTER
I' broken: cheap: the Hyde ranch. 630 Com-
mercial st.
HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HOBSa~~;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
L"~ El BOLD H.\i;.\"».>- COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, our < wn m»ke, of every de-
scription, for li bs money than -you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 11 McAllister sU. S. F.
1 ~»H SEiS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X U\J ness, all kinds; wagons, Dnggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must do sold. 1128 Mission st.
ft()() SKT N!W AND &KCOXD-HAND HAR-
*J \JyJ "ess: all kinds: buggy .wason. carts, surrey
<£ rockH war ; 40 cheap horses. 15lh and Valencia.
HORSES Jruu hAIiK; ALsO WAGONS.
~lyj buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horw
Market. 327 slx.h St.; auction pales every WeUue»"
day. SULLIVAN' A I'QVLE. .\u000cnei»r<.
WAGONS A XI) CARRIAGES. *
IGHT VEGETABLE- WAGON WANTED;
-Li cheap 226 Noe st. near Sixteenth.
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FIXE
I carriages of every desc Iptlon: cash, notes or
Installments Carvlll Mfs Co., 48-48 Bth St.. S. F.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
TV ew house JUST OP e x e d. 124 \' a G BABY;
-Ll full line latest and best: cameras repaired;
ire. danc room: sen,! for catalog. Cal. Camera Co.
TYPEWRITERS.
Ca ligitapi 1 , $ 1 r. : ]■; Si in. , TON, >35TsiuoTT
& BANNAN, 333 Montgomery su\ - HOUSKS to LKT.
MA G N IFIC ENT 5-STORY RESIDENCE ON I
jM Guerrero st.: 10 rooms; new and modern: .
yard; rent low; also 100 Sai , cottajrae. stores and i
houses to lei. Gliu. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
2 Valencia st.
(^ or KACH: 1404 AND 1408 CALIFORNIA
'. '•<' st., nr. Hyde: 2 fine houses of 10 rooms and
bath in each; reduced from $45; lianuy to town,
fine location, etc: a bargain. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBKE & CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery st.
pRIVATK HOTEL, I OR. MCALLISTEK AM)
J I a_una: two floors, containing 3s rooms, Includ-
ing large dlnina-room and kitchen. For particu-
lars, address >; A DISON A r.URKK. 6-'« Mnr<et st.
[SO';" 1 »i'S-.Ma;M'.\.\v a...i -.. ,- 1 10
•AV-Utrn)Oßi»; largo closets; ban.; real Si4s;
water Included. .. "v.
XT OU SE FIVE Ro "Ms: IN «.O; >H ORDER;
xx. rent $8 Corner Greenwich and Kearny sts.
1 :,| 4 JONES— B\Y - window HOUSE; 7
1 *Jx.rt rooms; ha.i i; large basement: yard; nne
marine view; half block from Jacttson-su cars.
t )~i(\i\ TWENTY-THIRD. NEAR HAMP-
»« * U\J shire— 6 rooms, bath, yard; rent 816.
'Q9/V 3814 LAGUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOKS.
<S'~v'. 14— 1831 Union St.; house 4 poms.
]VICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
-L' Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 satnomc st.
UR PRINTED Lf- f MAKKS HOL'st-
bunting a pleasure-: call or send for one
t-HAINWALD, BUCKBKE & CO., 218 and 220
■Montgomery st.
HEAP ELEGANT KESIDK~NrE: SW. COR.
California and Laguna sis. Go see it.
OCSKS TO KENT rOB VEIIY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN .it HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. . . - . : ■
O PLEN DID 12- ROOM HOUSE, 3393TWENT\-
k^ flrst street, cor. Guerrero, suitabl« for board-
■ r,c orpriva:** re-;.!, vrv :..w rent See it_
COTTAGES TO LKT. ~
Cj I 1 Ha -W 1 n 1 ,1 1 w , i -i Aq X JjBABLY
<°- i 1 . new; 4 rooms. 107 Collins »:.. nr Geary.
0 I N N V MOD h COTTAGE, 6 ROOMS AND
'•kJ' ba.h: large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
9594. ~ SPLENDID COTTAOK 8
— l - J — * roomsandbath; yard; flower garden; $18.
\, 1 •) FOUKTEENTH-COTTAGE. « KOOMS,
».'X«i bath, large yard, stable: rent orlea-e.
pOTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS TO LKT; RATH AND
\J all the latest improvements; 10 minutes' walk
from Berry man station, S., box 48, Call Office*
C?]() 'SCI COTTAGE IN TOWN: 3 rAY ST.,
<_ I \J.*J\i. off Clay, between Powell and .Mason.
1 'OTTAGE OF 8 ROOMS, SUITABLE FOX A
_ lar.:e family. Apply 820^ Jessie, off Ninth.
n EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSKS OX
-It Geary. Slitter. Franklin and other streets: cet
Ust; good tenants warned. SPEcK A. CO., t>o2
Market st.
ILATS TO LET.
QjQ 3 ROOMS; GOoD iuilii.K : Ull'l- R PART
tiT O. of house. 305 First si., above Folsom.
CU N V FLAT 6 ROOMS- BATH; YARD;
0 cellar: cheap. 3975 imv.nr Sanchez. .... -
<>(( LOWKB 15 AY WINDOW FLAT: 5
O —V. rooms; hath: modern improvements.
Apnly Ilia Green st-, bet Hyde and Larkin.
I. M-lli- T>" FLAT; 4 ROoMs; RENT $iH. \
J 2533 Mission st.
I^LAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS; BATH.
J- 1613 Folsom St., near Twelfth.
"I F YOU WANT A NICE SUN. NY FLAT.
X house or cottage, see us: we have some nice fur-
nislied cottages to let. LUBELSKI >t CHASE,
7 City Hall aye.
Gt'l OUR PRINTED LIST OF FLACKS To
let; will save you lots of time. sHaIN-
WALD, BUCK BE X A CO.. aiß-230 Montgomery.
V\ N IF.D— -JOU (iOOD TENANTS; HE. NTs,
'» from *1() up fur llats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., GO2 Market St.
9 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 KOOMS KACH;
♦3 $11, $10 and $0. 2t)41 Harris n, opp. 18th.
j HOICK SUNNY FLATS; 6 AND 7 ROOMS:
bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
I" 1 LA TS TO KENT FoX VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
L LEU ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., UK-
X.J low iirvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $H to $16.
QIC MIDDLE SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS,
ttT-L ( • bath, yard. 10 Snot well, nr. Fourteenth.
"I/ LAT OF SLAB ;E SUNNY FRONT ROUMS;
J gas and bath. 810 O'Farrell st.
'sii.-) O FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH. HOT AND
t^ — »J. cold water. 410 Eddy st.
< I " NICK FLAT; 4 KOuMS. 14 MOSS ST.,
V^'Ji bet, sixth and Seventh, near Howard. I
1'» I ' Jl MISSIO.v -PLAT 6 LARGE, SUNNY.
i-Oi.O\i jiucertd rooms; baih; laundry; water
free. ...... ■■ ■-.'/-.•.,-
-9(\ 7 ROOMs; NEW; BEAUTIFUL
C— yJ. view. 2606 Larkiu at.
J FULTON—SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
*J — rooms; rent $10.
ii 9] XA FINE fI'PER CORNER FLAT; 6
•_ — I .O\J rooms itnd bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts.
KENT #16: UPPER FLAT OF 5 KOO.MSA.NO
bath. 3374 Nineteenth St., near Mission.
V LAT— II2O BROADWAY; 4CUOICE SUNNY
X rooms; $14.
C;OA GRAND 6-ROOM TOP FLAT. i 8"25
<P_V7. Green st., or SPECK & CO.
1 On ASH AVK. OFF MCALLISTER. ABOVE
i _U Polk— Sunny lower flat; $15. '-
111') UNION — 5 ROOMS, BATH, $17 60:
1 J I— 1108 Union, 7 rooms, balh. $20: 801
Union. 3 rooms, ?12: 25 Minna. 4 rooms, $11.
,9 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW 4-IIOOM FLATS;
— chtp.p. Nii. cor. Polk and Jackson sts
S^UNNY FLAT: COR. HOUGH AND GROVE
IJ sts.: 6 rooms and hath; $27 60. Key at
WHITS'S Drusstore.
. "l PPKK FLAT. 4 ROOM-*, BATH, 512 a FELL
l^ St.; also upper flat, 3 ro..ms, on Linden aye.
Inquire 612 Buchanan st.
yitEN^H FLAT: 4 hOOMS BATH; WASH-
X house and stationary tubs. 3941 Gu rrero st.
iS BATH: NEWLY PAPERED;
J Mi-ialon warm belt. 3513 21st, nr. Valencia.
\T ICB UPPER FLAT; 6 KOOMS: NEWLY
XI renovated: rent reasonable. 327 Halght st.
<5j J 9 FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. 257
Q _ . Pore St., off Harrison, near Ninth.
VICK SUNNY FLATS: 4 OR 5 ROOMS:
X> balh : reasonable, b Dearborn at., off seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
<t -v 't\ LOW£R FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS.
♦a . •''-/. 375 Sanchez st., near Seventeenth.
~IT LEGANT FL\T— ll3B FULTON ST., OPPO-
I ' ~ <» A amo '■q'l . re. - 1
HOPSKR KOOMS.
o Broad way. j
JAO BROADWAY — NKKLV FURNISHED
\I\JO bousekeeuing rooms; also single.
Uryant Street.
JOA BRYANT— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, NICELY
cA.'-JiJ iurnished for housekeeping; also single.
\ Clay Street.
"90^7 CLAY — LARGE FRONT ALCOVE
— '-''-' • rooms and : ront and back parlor.
Dore Street.
OJO DO P. FOUR LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
<3>4>J rent 810.
may Mitiec.
m 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING rooms
*> X- I nicely furcpishbd; splendid location; private
family.
I"illmor« Street.
OTA 8 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
f^yXXJ. fanjily. 2212 Fillmore gt., near Clay.
1 if t h Street.
QO' FIFTH-CLEAN FURNISHED noUSE-
OaO keeping; 3. $13: 2, $10; single, $5.
1 ulsiiin Street.
9 - FOL^OM-- LAPGITsUNNY FURNISHED
«-'— *J room ; light housekeeping: $1 75 week.
t.u.ueu cam Avenue.
1 nn9 OOLDENOATK AYE.— LARGE WELL
iV.'U_ furnished sunny room for light house-
keeping middle flat; reasonable.
1 ' I A GULDEN GATK AYE.-FINELY /UK-
±*)l Vanished bay-window a'cove: complete
housekeeping privileges: sun all day; $12.
Howard Siren:, .
COC HOWARD- A FLAT OF 3 ROOMS OR 1
«.>.- •) large front room; complete for housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
1 1 A') HOWAKD-2 FRONT SUNNY FUR-
I Ii- nl<hed bay-window housekeeping rooms-
range; rent $12 50.
1 ftfiU HOWARD — 2 ROOMS COMPLETE
1 UUU for housekeeping; gas; private family.
I R(\C\ HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH-3
I UwU or 4 sunny rooms: cheap.
o Jessie Street.
nnn jessie— sunny front ROOM for
«.UU man and wife; use kitchen.
lw.ll 1 \ street. .
r OR LESS ROOMS KKARNY, NEAR SUT-
•-> ter; gas and water free. Apt ly 16 Grant aye.
Lajuna Street. ,
r.i n LAOUNA, HATES— I OR ■ KOI ~T
• ) 1 U housekeeping rooms or large doable room,
for gentleman; no children.
;-;rVr^V;'.L.arkln; Street.
jOn LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
T _ 'J sunny rooms for housekeeping: also «ingle.
1 t-.urmi.M li Street.
99^ LEAVEN WORTH — LARGE UNFUR-
—— O nlshed room; American family of adults.
_ 1111 m ii-u»..
I 1 A MINNA— 8 RONT ROOM AND X IT 11-
-2_l en; nrst floor; furnished for housekeeping.
TiC MINNA— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
'J_JjP rooms; tirst floor. ■ • '
"viiMiiii:i Street..
\~~ \TOMA— SUITS OF HOUSEKEEP-
I "<J ln^ rooma and yard; $8 and $10 per mouth.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued. '
-J...-MO), M iijo..
19] MISSION — SUNNY FRONT FUR-'
I — I i nished rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing: also-single.
I 999 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED j
I •——— rooms; complete for housekeeping; gas
and lii.tli.
I OOZ* MISSION — PLEASANT SI HE OF
-1 «'— U rooms for housekeeping; every conveni-
ence. . ? ,:
New Montgomery .street.
1A" NEW MONTGOMERY — NEWLY PA-
IWti pered front furnished housekeeping suite:
cheap.
Ninth Street.
9"1 NINTH— BAT-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT
— I housekeeping: also others.
Octavin Street.
1 A{\O OCTAVIA. COB. GEARY — FRONT
J.nUO bay window, furnished or partly; kitchen
optional.
Pearl Street.
0 PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
«-' Alcove room and kitchen: well furnished; $15.
* \j.k street.
1 AA9 POLK. COR.OKA It Y-ELEGANT SUITE ;
-I\.'l7^,of rooms; completely furnished for
housekeeping In modern apartment house: sunny
all day; new bnildini-; tine mantel: large closets;
Sink in kitchen an.i all conveniences; rent $17 50; ]
references exchanged. ••::;■-,■. I
.■ iii M > reel.
]9' SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
-1 — iU housekeeping rooms and others.
San Joso Avenue.
QOTB SAN JOSE AYE.— LET, FURNISH-
OO I ed rooms tor housekeeping.
luck i Place.
9nn STOCKTON, NE. (OR. GEARY— 2 OR 8
— \j\.t sunny unfurnished housekeeping; cheap.
-utter >-treet.
7O9SU I T''.R-- NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
i •)«- room with kitchen. ■■'■\'
Union Street.
Q A Ql, UNION — CONVENIENT; S ROOMS;
I OUOe rent $8.
leliama Street.
/|QQ TEHAMA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
■tIOO housekeeping; ren. reasonable.
U Q Irn •'-■ » —2' SUNNY ROOMS FOR
liO housekeeping, connected; well furnished.
Twenty-sixth street.
oqr»7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR mission—
''♦'''• Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent.
■Washington >treet.
ntOU WASHINGTON, BETWEEN LARKIN
X.\J\JV and Polk— 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping.
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
— — 'i renting iigeru-y: no fee lor registering.
ROOMS TO LET. .; 1
Carlos Place.
C CARLOS PLACE, OFF O' FA RRELL— LARGE
<J front room in a private family.
■i-'tiuti live..
CHFPMAJT ArARTMKNT HOUSF, V* RTH ;
•■, r-... i. ear Market; lurnlMheJ mid unfurnished. '
i_«^uv yireei.
I]Q bay-window FRONT SUITE;
X H cheap: other newly furnished ims: $5 up.
91 A EDDY — FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
—IV us of li.th lor 2 gentlemen.
,- -jik KDI.Y— 1- UKNIsIII- .lt SINGLE ROOMS:
*Jt)\r $3 50 to !M per mon'.h.
a-Aii» street
TUT: RAMONA, 330 ELLIS; MRS. KATE a j
HART, manager— A quiet house: rentrully lo-
j cnted: newly lurnlshed: elevator: hot cola waver.
00 I ! -.1.1.1 >, N K A R TAYLOR— FOB BEST
• s—l lodging we recommend the Mosedale House.
p;i /'Ellis— handsome PARLORS, CLOS-
•>L IJ et, water: other large pleasant rooms ; trea- !
sonable.
.Fifth street.
9QA FIFTH— NICE FURNISHED ROOM FOR
_O\J lor 2 gents; use of bath. ■•' <
i Olaom street.
Q.^Tl POLSOK— SUNNY FRONT PARLOR:
VO I 2 bedroom on: (arnished; $3 per week.
.Fulton Street.
1 I(> 'FULTON T — 2 LARGE ROOMS; FUR-
ill) nished complete lor housekeeping: sunny
side: lame yard. ; ■ • . .
uuiuoii kale Aveuue,
9-1 Ci GOLDEN GATE AYE.— I SUNNY BAY-
_I > ' wludow; also single: .*5 up.
907 GOLDEN GATE — NEATLY FUR- j
— O • . ni.-hed hall bedroom; b.
•=-!/• GOLDEN GATE AVK. — PLEASANT
vIV) sunny rooms; terms reasonable.
1 C\C\i) GOLDEN GATE AYE, I'.lK, LAGUNA
lull" si. — Handsomely furnished, large, sunny,
bay-window room, in middle Hal: also sunuy sin-
gle roorc, $9.
Oouj;h street.
1 Pin^ GOUGH— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
1 " '\rtj alcove room and :r.r^e sunny room con-
necting: furnished or unfurnished; board op-
tional; private family; reference.
tii'ove street.
"1 AX QRO.VE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
lviJ front rooms, $6 and $7. ■ -
Hickory Avenue.
"I 9Q HICKORY AYE., NEAR GOUGH— 3
-L —'J large unfurnished rooms; J7; more if de-
sired. Apply upstair*.
. iioiurrt Stieoi. ;
"I TF;Oa HOWARD— NICE SUNNY FRONT
X- I «JO room for lady with reference; private.
Jessie Mreet.
(99 JESSIE. NR. MINT- 2 NICELY Fl'R-
tWO nlahed sunny rooms; suite or single: cheap.
•Jones Street.
907 .'ONER— THE VAN-"wn?Kf,K: NKW
—* ' i management: tleeant tunnr unites aui
elnE'.e: tif\\\y jurmshei!: bam. etc.: $10 to SH:>.
OA I JONES — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
*.)' ' x sunny rooms: hot and cold water; private.
in- m v >i rt>«>
90 KEARNY-NIC'-.LY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— ') terms reasonable: quiet house.
OH KEARNY— WELL- FURNISHED FRONT
OU sunny suite; single rooms; electric-lights.
'. HLIN( HOUSE, 127 KKARNY —
— » Jieasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
cluss in every respect: terms reasona&le.
J.>>iki. ' .ma..
CrSTE?, 906 .MARKET AND 9 ELLTS— SIN-
\J gie front rooms and suites, 50c to $100 per
night; $5 10 $6 pet week; oltices to let.
IAOII market— sunny" ROOMS; new-
U.— 1 2 ly renovated; en suite and single; from
*1 60 to $7 60 a weeK. ■:»■■■■
VORKMITB }>()L>r;. 1045 .M A P.KF.T — PER
-1 night. :-Isc to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
1 |O> MARKET— NICELY FURNISHED
-1 1— - rooms ;donb!e bed ;$2 week;also suites, f5.
-M.ll Mi, l Place.
6 MARTHA GEARY, ABOVE MASON;
\J large room, with stove, $7: single room, $5 mo .
'•1.1.1,11 Street.
99?: masoi», COR. O^ARRELL-NICELY
*-£-O furiilshed sunny rooms: en suite or single.
IStBM Mruoi.
(\(\7 MINNA COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR.
U">4 niihed bay- window roim<; $1 |«r weaK.
i«M Street.
9901 POST— NEW HOUSE; NEWLY FUR-
£i£>Og nished: rent reasonable; '-The Domus."
CO I POsT— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
XJUX. single; gas, wa:e,r, bath; $5 month.
-•■ .o-hlon •>. ito..
1 O',)Q MISSION-SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
-1 *- —<- well furnished: private family; ref-
erences exchanged.
Oak Street.
JQOAK-flO; 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
TCJ unfurnished: 3 closets; first floor.
o'iarr«ll ».ie«..
1 99 O' FAR PELL-LARGE, SUNNY. FRONT
_!_.-._ room; elegantly furnished; conveniences;
central; reasonable.
FoO O' F A RRKLi— NICE ROOM FOR OEN-
U— O tleman In private small family : good home.
Post Street.
Al Q POST-NICELY FURNISHED BUNNY
ttJ-O rooms.
"i"2*-i- " Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL ( WILLISFORD)— EN-
— I _. tlrely -renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
Prospect Place. -
-"I 90 PROSPECT PL.— SINGLE FRONT FUR-
JZO 1 ished room with German family; $5 m nth.
beventn Street.
1 AC) SEVENTH— PLEASANT ROOMS F.OR
JiZ housekeeping: also single rooms.
>.< v. 11. mi Street.
nO-OPERATIVB HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON-
V Rooma cleau and cheap; reading-room.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1596.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Stockton street.
yi:w I'YRNKi-: HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
-i ' Front suites: single rooms; housekpin^;cheap.
»•> i«r -ir«o .
QAQ It-FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO $1 25 to $10 wk; night 2:c to $1 60: trans!.
r fi<r> sI'TTKR, COR. TAYLOR- ELEGANTLY
I UiJ newly furnished sunny rrus. ; suite or single.
t-UTTEK —HA NDSOM ii ROOMS AND
suites, newly furnished ; rates reasonable.
11l I sUTTKR — NICELY 1-^ URNISHED
Jill rooms, suites or single; also housekpg.
1 1 A Q GUTTER. CORNER POLK — I OR 3
-I ilO connecting front rooms, over Wakelee's
drugstore, suitable for doctor or any other busi-
ness.
I 1 _QSUTTEK.COR. FOLK-SUNNY ROOMS;
I J'lO nicely furnished: llpht housekeeping.
Ihjioi- Streoc.
"I AQ TAYLOR— DOUBLE AND SINGLE
XW) . looms for gentlemen: $2 and $1 6U[ a week.
Cl (' TAYLOR— NEWLY U.MBHEU SUN-
«->IU ii y single ana double rooms; private family.
/•'] i) TAYLOR— SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
Ul — . also suite; references required.
'leaili Street.
11l TENTH — LARGE SUNNY COR. BAY-
XIX window rooms; also unfurnished; house-
keeping.
Xuird Street.
00 j THIRD-2 UNFURNIsnKD ROOMS;
O«J1 good accommodations; water m $6-
\ ita Ness Ah':iuii.
909 VAN NESS AYE. -2 ELEGANTLY
— •'•- furnished front rooms, ir^ht and (irißny;
$15 each.
*■>(}*> VAN NESS AYE. — NICKI.Y i'l'R-
'_>' — nlshed tin nny ins: trrms moil"r:ite.
I IiOAHUIXG AM) KOOMS.
OAQ JONES— KIWLT PTTRNIsHB D HUrf
*>\J'' rooms, suite or single, with board for 2; $50.
pASTLB CRhST, BELVEDERE, MA KIN
V> County— A Darty of sor 6 can be accommo-
dated with pleasant rooms and excellent board:
home comforts: great reduced rales; 45 minutes
irom city.
7{)9 OFARKELL— IN A REFIsKD HOME
'"- newly furnished sunny front rooms; tube
first class; terms reasonable.
T 1 ') POST— 2 NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
II — rooms, suitable for 2. with board ; $20 each.
HE WTLMOT, SUTTKR— THOROUGHLY
X renovated; elegantly furnished sunny suites
and square rooms; first-class table; prompt
service; ready for guests September 15.
/SOX VAN NESS AYE— I.KSIRABLE SUNNY
"O rooms; first-class table 'joard ; reasonable
OTi-.1. BIihTLINU. .14 olbU-A FAMILY
hotel: references given nuu xeuuired: — 1 uiod-
< I>. r <>r,veMi.-r>'-e»
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW WITH COMFORTABLE home
IT wants child to board; best care 829 Vj su;ter.
~\\r ANTED— CHILD l; I. TO BOA IN
" pleasant home; best of care. Call or address
1819 Webster St.. Alameda.
CTOCKTON LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHI 1.-
O dren to board; location healthful. Aduiess
4" Nor h '.raru St.. Stockton. i' |.
STOKES TO LET.
(^ TORB, W £TH S 800 MB, N K. COB. OOLDE N
» ' Gate aye. and Webster at. ; cho.ee location for
drugs ore. .*-->"
t^TORE; GUERREKO AN TWENTY-THIRD
sts.; concrete cellar; built for druggist ; best in
Mission for drugstore.
CTORE; VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
Q I - s.: choice location; adajited for shoo or dry-
goods store
OLD-KBl A.BLIBHRD BARBER-SHOP. Tn^
quire ■.: -.'.iit 1 hlrd. h"t :< and H i- m.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A4-STO It V BUILD I xdi CORNER OF
Kearny and Suttpr sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payment-) of
•S.M. $5, $6. $7, $8, $9, .?10, $12, *15. *-<• and
$25 per in until: the best of every grade from 0.-. • si
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and l oncert
Grands: why pay rent when belter pianos can be
bought from us for about tr.me payments ? every
piano guarantee J; fine wood-seat stool anddrap<d
cover included: no charge for dray age: piunos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY _ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutt<-r sts.. ulso
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
wqy representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p auo business, my old quarters on Market
su are entirely too small : I have therefore moved
into my own building, at 626 Haves St.. between
Octavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments (hj<ti
formerly ;ai 1 buy Tor cash anil in carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music bonse In San Francisco.
.Respectfully yours, J. JIaRRY SCOTT.
VINE 1 USED STEIN WAY, U a R O MAN.
X Chiise Bros., etc.: astonishing puces; easy
terms. THK J. DEWING CO., secood floor Flood
building. Fourth and Market stt.
"VI AGXIFICENT STKINVVAY UPRIGHT
■"■I and Schubert: litt'.eusid; asucrlfice. JAMES
KET.FFI,., 1019 Van Ness aye.
D?k BARGAIN; bTKINW AY PIANO, EX-
<j? • ''.ceilent order-.ea y terms. 221 Leaven worth
C^LKARANCE SALE-HAINKS, .N A li.V AND
) Bush and Gert'tt pianos; clearinc-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Pos. St.
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAT" FOR CA-H.
I SCHM IT/., 16 McAllister, next Hl&emia Bank.
IJAKGAIN— DECKKR A SON UPRIGHT, $250
1> MAUVA IS, 769 M.l .■ II
Q 1 r -\(\ BCRLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
t~)XO\J. ton make piano. RRUENN's. 228 I'ost.
A CTUALLY THE 81-.sT BARGAINS IN
-V pianos, both new and second-hand at THB
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 933Market st.
\\T G. lUI)iiKK,M>l,|. AGENT FOX HaLI.kT
' ' .A Davis and Francis Baron pianos, 406 s H c'to
/ miCKERINU, KNABK, STJiCK. VOsK, STKR-
V^ ling pianos; see our new piano for 187: plaao*
7Qr rent. JbENJ. CURTAZ <t SON. IB v Farre.i
BY i'.U.N M.A UZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHiIKiJ.
Newbr A. Kvan<. J'r!i;e^ and other piano*.
• 0 OP ERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLIJ^NK.W
O H. Ml Ll. Kit, maker. r»r'alr<T. 2 l.au.am plum.
PHYSICIAN
DR. C. C. 6'm)NNElTL?l^ij6^MTßlcEl ; rCORI
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
I\ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
— c worst cases treated satisfactorily oy mail.
J LEGAL NOTICES.
OTICE <n?*BALFoF''R'EAir EH i\\T kT ri^~
■!■> In the Superior Court, in and for the Cit-and
County of Ban Francisco, State of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LKWi.-s bOIIER, deceased.
Notice is hereby given, that In pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of the City and
County of Sun Francisco, Sta'e of California,
made on the Bth day of April. 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS BOH EH, deceased the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the eitate of LEWIS SOU deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
< ash and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock M., at auction salesrooms
of (J. H. Umbsen _ Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in th« City aud County of fan Francisco
all the right, title. Interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time or his deatn
and all the right, title and interest iliat the
said estate tms, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired o.htrr than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death. In and 10 all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and being In th- (Ityand
County of san Francisco, Stale of California,
bounded and described as follows: '
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bush «tre»-t distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inch easterly from
the easterly tine Of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly lint* of Bush street
thirty feel, thence at right angles southerly one
hundred slid thirty-seven feet and six Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six lncliei to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the paint of commence-
ment. Betas part of 50-vara lot No. 1367 «, laid
down on the oili.ial Map of the City of San Freu-
cisco
Srcond-Commenclng at a point in the southerly
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street lifty-eiKhl feet to Ihe westerly line of
Carlos place, tin-net- at right angles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos plac ; ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly y-eieht feet, and hence at right
angles northerly nlnety-»even feet arid six inches
to said southerly line of Fan-ell street and io the
point of commencement, being part of 50-vnra lot
No. 954 on the oilicial map of the city of San
Francisco. -
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United states, ten per cent of th«
purchase money to be paid to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balauce on confirm of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser
KM ILK SOHER, Administrator with the will
annexed of the. estate of Ljcwis Souks, de-
ceased. ■
Dated August 18, 1896. ,
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator
■Mum building.
_ _____ _________ ___
PROPOSALS^
]3hOPOSALS— SEALED B I D^T^wTLLTnE Rh>
1 celved by the Board of Election Commissioners
in open session on Monday, sept. 7. 1 896, at 10
a- M.. for the following t lection supplies, separate
bids to be made for each classitjeation :
No. I— t-or repairing all old voting booths or
stalls now on hand and for the manufacture of new
booths, the number to be hereafter designated.
No. 2 — For chairs and lamps to be used in elec-
tion-houses.
No. 3— For the repairing of all old tables and
stands now on hand and for the manufacture of
new tat»es and stands, the number to be hereafter
designated.
The amount of certified check and bond to be
given lor inch classification is stated In the specifi-
cations now ready and on tile in the office of the
Kegistrarof Voters.
W. M. lIINTON, Registrar ol Voters,
CITY KEAL •ESTATE.
FOR INCOME AND SPECULATION.
V iWNTOWN PROPERTY.
AT A BARGAIN.
©1 (i t\f\f\ 3-STORY BUILDING ON LAR-
OJ U.vUU. kin St., In two stores and t;ats;
i always rented: mihstaniia ly built and in fir-l-
class condition; street work ail done; rents for
' $l(ftil) per annum.
EASTON, ELDRIPGE A- CO.,
638 Market st.
If INK INVESTMENT, ~
J? WELL-BUILT FLATS.
PAYS $66) PER ANNUM. •
; C«/?Ann 3 HANDSOME FLATS OF 6, 5
»IT\JU\'I.I. and 6 rooms nnd bath, nr. Noe and
15th bt.s.; always rented; substantially built;
brick foundation; lot 26x96 ft.
BASTOJK, -LDRIDGE _ CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
\ a.v AP. r * ~
-X. MODERN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
€?/*nnn stkiner si., nr. haight:
«JUUUU. handsome mo'lern house of 10 rooms
and bath; exce^;ionai:y we.l built; electric light-
ing throughout the house: mortgage of $3000 can
I remain ; owner must realize it once; lot 37:6 x
I 106:3 ft. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
ti3B Market st.
ISSION RESIDENCE. ~~
1»1 " MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
24TH ST.. NR. I- LORI ha.
QjQOAA A GOOD STORY HOUSF, OF 7
<3iO_Uu. rooms and bath, with all modern
conveniences: this Is an exce lent opportunity to
secure a cheap home: lot -Bxloo ft.
_AbTON\ tLDRIIKiE & CO.,
' 638 Market st.
TVTEW MODERN HOME.
IV ONLY 250 CASH.
BEST PART OF RICHMOND.
A NEW 2STOY MOD.-. RESIDENCE
J\ of 0 rooms and bath; all modern convenience*;
for sale on easy terms, $260 cash; balance of pur-
chase price of 93250 In monthly payments, same,
as renu KASToN, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. - ~
NICE PAIR FLATS.
17TH ST., NEAR HOWARD.
QQPiflfl - FLATS OF 6 ROOMS BACH.
•JOJUU. a so stable In rear; always rented;
pays $25 par month: lot 25x100.
EATON. -LDF.IDf.E & CO.,
638 Market st.
A SPECIAL LIST
OF BARGAINS
IN CHOICE LOTS.
A "-AA SW. COR. JONES AND PACIFIC;
t^OOUU. 60x52;4._
CiOn,f\f\ CHOICE LOT ON PRESIDIO
C«->OUU. Heights; 50x127:8.
Q»Ofif)n ELLIS, NH. STEIN ER; 25x137:6.
I •2-OnOO I'AGE, NR. FILLMORE: 85x100.
QQnnn COR - 9TH AVK - ANl> point
COUUU. Lotos; 32:6x100.
•29700 24TH ST., NR. TREAT AVE.-
-«s>^<UU. 37:6x100
CjOOfin FOLSOM, NH. 14Ta; 25x122:6.
r;n.-)'A COR. GTU AYE. AND B 6T."
52250. 32 1 6xi^^_ AYE - AND B sn:
$1000. g&£ v *' NR. CALIFORNIA:
OJ "'-"-'. 25x1'.0.
: Q')',() NOE ST " Nli. 23D; 25x100.
i 'ftT^n 101 M AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA:
€D i O\J. 25x120.
"it 1 ~itl J ST ' NR. GOLDEN GATE PARK;
K~)LO\J. 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
I can Market st.
AM. SPECK * CO., 60-' MARKET ST.; BAR-
J V . gains worth noticing.
QOAA CASH, $1500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
O» 1 "-"' nentssameai r nt, bairs that lovely 6-
room rottace half block from Mi.tsiou-st uars: this
property is sold to satisfy mortgage. , '-" . .
< %) 7"*n 3 NICK FLATS ON LETAVEN-
f>t>tf)\t. worth St.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; half caili.
Ql (\C\C\ CASH. 51500 ON MORTGAGE.
O MHfU buys 4 good tUts near"4lh si. ; rents
about $30.
(\r\(\ CASn, $3600 ram; MORTGAGE,
0 i' 1 ' 1 " bnys 3 nearly new lists; car line; only
few blocks from City Hull: all rented; $17.
CfOAnft CASH. $30.10 MORTGAGE, BUYS
CP—v" '\f 4 (In* tut,, half a block from Seventh
and Market Ha, l rent about $550.
Sil'.Min 8 KIAI '"' WITHIN- 2 BLOCKS OF
■r' 1 "". the Mars; rents about $>sO; large lot;
big mortgage.
| QQnOn 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
I \ 1 WV. tro its: rents $1000: near Call OflU<*;
i terms, one-half cash; any reasonable offer wanted.
*< 1 A C\f)C\ 5 FINE FLAT- ON MASON ST.;
*Z)X.X.\J\J\J. large lot; rents over $100.
Stl^fUin CORNER (BUSINESS) ~ ON'
t~)XO.\J\J\J. Geary su, near Wigwam,
<a I.*; (\r\f\ BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
«Jp li}.\J\J\J. Fourth and Market sis.; reins
$4003. ' '-.••: -
SPECK A CO.. 802 Market st.
■ TUBT SUBDIVIDED. •
TWO BLOCKS
IN THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
64 LOTS.
$1250 UPWARD.
your OWN RMS.
We have lost subdivided the two blocks be-
tween Ue.ulah and Frederick s:s., and from
St any an to Shtader and shradei to » ole st -.-.
the lots are level and ready for building pur-
poses: the streets are eroded, sewered und
macadamised: this property faces the park
and has unt-qualed car facilities; close to
the site of the Affiliated Colleges; we ca'l
your attention to the prlei we are quoting
for this splendidly located property: it Is
without a doubt tbe very best Investment
you can make; you wl.l never have the op-
portunity to buy lots in this city so well lo-
cated ai th'-so at the prices: we will make
terms M suit: go out to-day and see If our
ail vice Is not good: If you go 111 onc«* you
will secure your choice; this is the first ad-
Trmiasmani
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
* 10 Montgomery st.
Qf\cyp.t\ NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
«!T "—•«-'"• choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 6 and 6
; rooms and have every modern improvement: well
; planned: sun in every room; marine view; mi-
i come $600 leryenr; size of lot 25x116. For per-
nil. to Inspect apply to 'IOBIN <fe McNALLY, 630
Market st.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
*' flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st. ■
M E A 1 > T MIS' BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
] Ik the San Leandro road and main strest to
Fitchburi; station; size 100x100; cheap v. 920
I per front foot.
RESIDENCE CORNER. 100x100. 2 BLOCKS
; Jt from the San Leandro road; a. reels graded
I and graveled; price $500.
I IJUSINE-S CORNER AT FITCnBURO STA-
-1 > lion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
dlvide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
! or mail at once to home-seekers.
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, tor sale and to rent: will grow flo\vers.
i fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
I chance to start a nursery and «row cut flowers fur
! the market. •
OTHER P.AROA INS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. a FITCH. Fitchburi?.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery st., B. F.
TNGLESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
J- near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grufton sts.; 11
1 rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
provements: lot 6*2:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. U. PATTERSON A CO.. 2 Valencia St.
] <_^>^n ABSOLUTELY GIVEN AWAY, LOT
i tTT^OU. 26x120, on W.line of 16th aye.. near H
I St.; 2-story residence adjoining; lot ready to build
I on; car line on H St.; this is a genuine sacrifice,
; Call on owner, room 12, 43 6th st,, 1 to 5 p. m.
I fclil -f\ COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS: KEuKK-
1 —.*)\r . ley; lot 60x100; near station; $300
down, $15 monthly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $5 down. $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
X X OF THE FINEST RESIDENCES IN SAN
Francisco 10 exchange for unincutubered
country Inn I: price S4O.UjO. with $12,000 mort-
gage, Bynd:cnte Investment Company, 64 and 65
Chronicle build ing.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT:
9150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 114'J Mission.
PKOPEKTY ,TO EXCHANGE.
~{\(\ K.ARUAIN--WHAT do YOU WANT?
»JUU 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0. .510,000
2 stores and 7-room flat in city 6.00')
50 ranch's, all sizes, irom $100 to £0,000
100 business places, all Kinds, from $50 o 4,000
H. C. DECKKR, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. -
IN EXCHANGE Ft) CITY PROPERTY—
small country hotel. 27 miles from city; horse,
wagon and buggy: barroom stock ;. free rent of
hotel In part payment cf property. For particu-
lars address H. L., box 119. Call Office.
KM-mtuUlt l.l>l" OF ORCHARD HO.Mr.3
>or«_a. WOOSI'KK & WHITION. San Josa,
lOuii ACRES 11. HKK LANK. KERN CO.;
J Z,Q\ ' v. M»r: !ln» !'T rat -«-r-i< X. 16. Ca1l
~~ PROPERTY WANTED. ~~~
\\7 ANTED TO PURCHASE A LOT^NORTH
' ' of 11 Right st., south of Turk, west of *1- ill-
more and east of stanyan; state lowest cash
price; must be cheap. . ddress Lo:, box 15, Call.
i. LATS WANTED FOR CASH; GOOD LOCA-
I lion and condition; state rents and ! articulars
ana lowest price cash. C. P., box 68, this ollice.
_ CITY REAL ESTATE.
"I AYM.ANCE """ "~~ .v____~~~~s~~ .
JU -
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND LAND AUC-
TIONEERS.
466 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
MONSTER
AUCTION
SALE.
SATURDAY, SEPT. 5, '9U, AT
2 o'clock p. m., at salesrooms, 466 Eighth street.
BUSINESS property.
DESIRABLE IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
RESIDENCE PROPERTY
IN OAKLAND, FI:UITVALE, ALAMEDA
AND BERKELEY.
Two lots on market St., 57 N. of Milton, 28x126
each.
Two-story double house, 10 rooms and bath;
1517 and 1519 S2<J nve. . near East 21st s.: lot
30xl'J5; this property will be so d subject to a
mortgage, of :1000, pay. $20 per month.
I Cottage or 4 rooms and high basement,; 2116
Che-stnul si.: loi2sxl'2S.
strli) of land on the N. side of 32d si., bet. Or ove
and Wes:, facing. 237 feet on 32d st., beini; a
depth of 49 feet and 6 inches on the w stera end
and 27 feet on the eastern end; half cash.
Two houses, 371 a-i.l 37.-i sth st., near Frank-
lin, containing 7 rooms each; lot 25x1u0.
Two houses, 375 to 379 sth St., SE. cor. of
Franklin; lot 50x75. x-.-.i. .. •. ■•;
Two cottaces, 362-360 Franklin st., 50 ft. S. of
slh; lot 25x75 each.
Two lots. Nos. 9 and 3, in block 2102 In the Al-
<!en Tract, facing ou West si., 60 fL. N. of 44th;
50x90 each. HiiJiZ-vi-
'l wo-story house of 7 room* and bath, 653 35th
St., Dear Giove. lo: 33:4x1*.0: 35th si. worK com-
plete; only $500 ca^h.
Five lots X. side Clinton St., between Union and
Summit, In Lynn, Bast Oakland; lots '.sxloo
each.
Nine lots on Piedmont aye., bet. Oak and Glenn,
in the Glen Echo Truct; 25x125 each.
Six lots on Oak aw. bet. Piedmont and Glenn,
in the Glen EchoTrac:: 30x101 each.
Six lots on the north side of 351h a., bet. West
and MarKet; 25x120 each.
l>'H northwest corner S»th aye. and East 17th st.:
50x115.
Lot on San Pablo aye., bet. Bristol and Delaware
sis., in West Berkeley: £0x135. ■
LotSW cor. Adeline and 19lh sts., 50xl0S, to-
pe h'-r with barn; this property will be sold sub-
ject to a mor;gage of $1200, which can remain.
Cottage of 5 rooms B. sine of 3d at.. No. 662.
bet. lay and Jefferson; lot 1 5x100.
Elegant lot in the Stanford Tract, on Moss aye.,
44 U. of Cheat OB st..; size 44x153.
Two magnificent lots N. side or 9th St., 25 E. of
Harrison: 35x100 each.
Fruit vale <otta»:e: 5 rooms and bath: Tevisst,
75 feet south of Railroad aye.; lot 25x96; only
.00 feet irom Fruitvale station.
Two story house: 7 rooms and bath: south side
of >ycHMiore si . beiwiei Grove and 'leiegntph
ayes. : No. 661: lot 50x100.
Business lot. north. corner Telegraph aye.
and Twenty-third at. ; h"xH-<.30.
Three beautiful residence lots on Hamilton
place; Nos. 16, 17 an l 22; 30 'JO each: only two-
minutes' wain to 1 ledn.ont cable; sunouuded by
bund3O;u« improvements and tine view.
Two-story house ol 8 rooms and bain; entirely
Dew; \v. side of Oakland are., 130 feet B of Santa
Clara aye.; rented lor $25 a Booth: lot 30x126;
this property will be sold subject to a mortgage of
*2000. which can remain.
For terms of any of the above properties and for
particulars secure a catalogue.
LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE AND INVESTMENT CO.,
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
I U-T COMPLETED; li.i I sT. 14 ROOMS;
ti Balsa natural woods: quartered oak, blrdseve
r.iHplx. HiHh'g&ny, curly redwood: gas and in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths; marine
view, or. lay and Laurel; owner on premises.
St r \tlt\ CASH, balance SAME AS RKNT,
'„ *" 'v/ for a new house on ea,t .•ide of Cole St.,
near Wa'ler: t» rooms und bath; iar slot^dxlUft;
a i modern Improvements. -\ p ly on prew
MONEY TO LOAN.
* NY AMOUNT ON BON] DIAMONDS,
-V WHtci.es, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low: private, entrance:
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS.'. 15 Grant aye.
(£• I f\l\ (Win AT LOWEST RATE*: CITY
ClVU.WuUtnii Oakland: Ufa Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEh-CO.. 218-220 Mont try
AD VA.V C ON DIAMONDS. WAICIIK*
XV jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rate*. BALDWIN JKWKLHV
bIORK, U4h Market St. I open evenlmrn.
ONKY LYING JIiLK: TAKK AT lNTF.lt-
•si per month lor each * 1000; name rate sec-
ond mortgage or In- iiu.tir.itu->*. Coin, box 2. Call.
VIU.Sr.V LUANKD Uli JfcWfcLilV AND
i'l ether TaluabUs at the Becurii? Lo.».i OlUcs,
llCUMnrkeiscnr. Mason: i>riva:>- ru'rmir » ' Tot*.
TvlHi.i I ON ?ol i, i ; KNIT I iv. oil PIANO:
Xt no removal: no delays; no commissions: lo.»
Interest Km. 6H. Donoho.* bide. 1170 Market v.
ANY AiIUf.NT: IST, -.'!> or 3D MUKTUAUKI
A estates, nndlvlded interests, real estate in pro-
bate. Met 'i AX. 21 Mom comer.-, room 3.
-f/k UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
HpO\J gages: Int. In estates. MURPHY. 62B .urKt
* DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELKY. f .l' v
■'\(olumuia lx>nn .<.- i.'ollHt»r»: OfHc* Grant ny».
ONEYTOLOANON CITY REAL ESTATE.
Mc-KWF.X BROS.. UK M.'ntirnmerv st. ■-.-.*
I- NBKOKKKS.
I ; ORROWERS. ATTENTION — INTEREST
' saTed at the Cut Bats Loan OKice, room 7.
Flood building. 809 Market au; strictly private:
Open evenings; elevator.
\T 126 KKAKNV ST., ROOM 9 -MONK Y
-.V loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.: low rates;
priva ■ rooms: ci. vuor: nlPdiien for sal» rh>-ap.
PENTISTB. •
/ iR7)(7MiriTEviA I. ASteOOIATION, 769 MAB-
| " J ker, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
i extracting, with gas, (1; plates. $5 up: fill. #1 up.
4 LL WORK TO SUIT THE TIMES AS I)
-'V warranted. DR. REA, 1370 .MarKet st ,
front City Hall.
I \R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.
XJ rear Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
Ifetb from $8 per net: extracting 60c: gas given.
R. GKOiUJK W. LKEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to "'Farreilst
I, I 1.1. skt OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
I J live years: extraction, oOc. ; tilliiurs, 60c.:
crowns, if 3 Mi. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
L'IRST-CI.ASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
x prices; first-class results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 500 sutler
I kit. (- 1. KAN/.— EXTRACTION PAINLK^-i.
XJ crown work, tridce work »nd teeth wlthoa:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary si., cor. Grant av3.
<_7 A !SKT FOR Tl-.fc.Tli: WARRANTED A-J
0 4 good as can be made: illllns $1. Dr. SIMMd
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Thmter.
AINLKS3 EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari
experience. R.L.WALSH. D, U.S.. h15«4 Geary.
1 K. IUCKETT, 1703 Po->T ST.. NEAR BO-
XJ cnanan: put given: crown and bridee work.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
ET OF 1 KKTH WITHOUT- I'UTK Uli. xi.
G. YOUNG, 18*1 Polk si.
/ OLTOX' DENTAL ASSOCIATION. HOd ilAli-
Vy kttd^ DX. CHARLES W. DECKER.
TvK. J. J. LEEK. 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
~T \VEc;K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
J.V WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDer. for uiailiniE.
orr ices TO LET.
927 mXiuckt^T
O Elegant mnnv otllces. $12 60 np; electric-light:
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at bulldinj
oru. H. UMBSKN & en.. 14 Montgomery st.
TRUSTEES' SALES. *
rpRUSTEES* SALK— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by JOHN 11. McKA V
and RICHARD McCANN, parties of the first part,
to HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, Trustees, parties of the second an. and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party
of the third part, dated May 17th, 1892, and recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Fresno, suite of California in Hut 1 14 of deeds,
at pages 110 and to '.lowing, and in pursuance of a
reso.utlon passed on the 4th cay of June. 1896. by
the Board of Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of tbe note (No. 11,ti43), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had been made in the pay-
ment of the principal sum and other sums, due
under said note and d ed of trust, and requests?
and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and
THAI>I>EU9 B. KEN I. Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebted-
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and TnADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice, thai on
Tl : sD. I Y, the 15th day of September, A. D.
1896. at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and a: the
auction salesroom Of EASTON, ELDRIDGE it
CO.. No. 638 Market street, in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, we will sell
at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in
gold coin of the United states, all that piece or
parcel of land situate in the County of Fresno,
State of California, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the Untied States:
In township sixteen (i 6) south, range twenty-one
(21) east, Mount Diablo has- and meridian.
Of section thirty-two (32), the east half of the
southeast quarter (E. Va of the *"■'• i j); contain-
ing eighty (80) acres of land, more or less. To-
et ther with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash In gold coin of the United
States: 10 per cent pnyab to the undersigned on
the fail of the hammer: balance on delivery of
deed: and if no so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said 10
per vent to be for. cited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY C. CAMPBKLL,\ T , .
TIiADDEUS B. KENT, ; lr ««ee3.
_ COUNTRY REAL -STATE.
: \7 : KRy"cHOICE SUBURBAN HOME: 1 MILE
» from San Mateo; 3 acres: will exchange for
choice S. F. property and. pay small rash differ-
ence. EAST ON, EJLDR I UGE C»..
638 Market st.
ArißlMlY KA.NCn, NR. MOUNTAIN VIEW,
j.ix in Santa Clara County; a few choice 10-acre
lots at auction prices; terms one-fourth cash.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & 00,
-■■ 633 Market st.
As o its rco 1.0 NY. ! ~~~.
-rt. At Ashur^t you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaining.* at-
triu-Mve and profitable, and on terms better than
havo ever be-ore been offered. We have our own
homes in this colony and ore determined to sur-
round ourselves wi:h neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and churches and reading-rooms
in our very midst. We have every facility fora
grand development. We make It possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with in homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10, Mills building.
Sun » rancisco. : ;
I Q ACRES IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, ON
-IO main county road and '2 miles from station:
all in bfaring prunes; good house, barn, etc.: will
bear close investigation. ''..••;."
ONLY $4500 FOR IMPROVED 47-ACRE
farm in Solano County, fronting on Sacra
mento River; all stock and Implements. - • .->
A N ELEGANT RESIDENCE IN OAKLAND
-M- on larse lotto excha' Be tor larm In Santa
Cruz Mountains; value *12,000.
EDWIN K. ALSIP&CO.,
Room 29, Second Hour, Mills l.utldlng.
T^OR RENT— CHICKEN RANCH; NORTH
F .land; 2 acres: fruit: 8 rooms: $15. Ad-
dress Hunch, box 85. Can oiiice.
9ACKKS Al LEVEL LAND ADJACENT TO
San Francisco; «1650- C. C, box 20, Call.
L 7 OR KKNT— IV HAYWARDS, 10 MINUTES
X from town and electric-cars; home residence 8
rooms: hot and cold water; barn: chicken yards:
room for 100J chickens: healthy location: tine
view of bay and san Francisco: rent *-0 per
month. Apply '2976 Sixteenth st. for informal oa.
JJ'A-480 ACRES tOR LEASE OR .SALE:
"'JU Alameda County, hay land, water and
timber, for s.'ick: will exchange or sell on time.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, 90J Broadway, Oakland.
BtST BARGAIN IN THE STATE: COUNTRY
home; 20 acres orchard: near city; don't buy
before you s-e owner at 36^2 Geary su, room 23;
II to 1. 4 to 7: price $3500: principals only.
mu_ in Ear iioo ranch in th_ state
Will be I^-nsPd for a term of years, or the rlcht
party can Re urea half interest in a good paying
ranch properly, as ;n« present owner Is not able to
give It the a tention It requires; this property Is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
ry Ins several thousand head ofhogs the year round.
For particulars address X. V.. box (ii). Call Office.
AN V ON WAMINU A iIANCIi FOtt
gr.izlii" purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
bid ii lie- in 0 or 7 years, apply .V-<> Montgomery su
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
_I est in th« State; gelling in tracts, ft acres up-
ward, £35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: IV* hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
Tl'il.E HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN. i~M^
XJ proved: easy terms; also 4to la acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D, H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
ALKSKCTIOX OFGOOD LAND IN TU Lark
County, lor Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or Sau Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call OtHce.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TJ_i
•iV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAK _AX I) KKAL KSTATK.
SI l\(U\ IF OLD Tills WEEK: HOUSE 4
»g3 I \J\J\J rooms: lot 25x75; cash or install-
ments. Call to-d«y. 108 Fourth st., Oakland.
QOME OF 1 111- M«i-T ATTRAC'UVE RESI-
-0 deuces In Oakland for rent: furnished or un-
furnished: lorsale a $70,000 manslor for less than
$10,0 JO as a whole or In subdivisions W. E.
BARNARD. 453 Ninth St., Oaklaud.
, . ILL IT PA \T YE6>!! -KE ALLENDAIJE
Tract at once. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
home or paying Investment: Fruitva'e, a.ijolniu?
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland; level
oiid choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
izt-d: only a few left; tine school: 2 electric roads
n.-ar iy: conveyance free: $.*> cash and $5. monthly.
4tis Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Markets;., S. F.
H. Z JONES, owner.*
riI'F.APEST AM) BEST IN .AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
use free. *"
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
I.KKKELEV KKAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALK
on easy tertn'v O. G. MAYA CO.. real estate,
building «nd loans. 2128 Center St.. Berkeley.
lOSKPm j. mason, kkal kmaii-. and
'I liiinrHiif-t? rL'ent, lerttelev statn. Biljoi m -i ■; lank
BEKKELEV HOUSES^ ~
'tFoK RENT - $SoT~ "inT'LTdTncJ
J- house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in from; large orchard, also some pas'.ure
land; entire place comprises about l'J acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' walk to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. snydera Co., 407 Ninth
St., real estate brokers. Oakland.
VOIt RENT, NEWLY FURNISH COT-
X tape 6 rooms, lath and garden, $-20. 1«32
Berkeley way. East Berkeley.
"I?OR RENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
Aon reasonable terms— A completely furnished
home of 10 , rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
cblckenhouse: roses, etc.: convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63.
Call . Hi ■-.
FINANCIAL,.
Q l OH (\C\(\ TO '-OAN AS LOW AS BANK*.
.-> 1 1 lU.I Hill Apply rm -'14, C:.;. ~ate Pep.Rlrtif.
SHEKIFF SALES.
SHERIFF'S SALE-GEORGE M. PERINE.
k* Plaintiff, vs. C. AUGUST WEJIIiS, defendant.
No 55, S03— Superior Court. Department Eight.
Order of Sale and Decree of Foreclosure. ■
Under and by virtue of an Order of Sale and De-
cree of Foreclosure, issued out of the Supe-
rior Court, Department No. Eight, of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, on
the 30th day of July, A. D. 1896. In th« above en-
titled action, wherein GEORGE M. PERINE. the j
above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment ami
Decree of Foreclosure against C. AUGUST
WKIIIK. defendant, on the day of July, A. D.
1 «'.'■'. which said Judgment and Decree was on the i
29th- d»y of July, A. D. 189t>. recorded In Judg-
ment Pook 28 of said Court, at rage 689, I am com- i
manded to sell all that certain lot, piece or parcel
of land, situae. lvlns;. and being in the. City and
County of san Francisco, state of California, and
bounded and described as follows: .
Commencing at the point formed by the Inter-
section of the southeasterly line of Mission street
with the westerly line of Florence avenue, and
running thence southwesterly along said south-
easterly line of Mission street three hundred and
rtgbtyn li;rit (3sB) leel; thence southerly two hun-
dred and ninety-five (295) feet to a point on the
northerly line of Morse- street, distant three hun-
dred and sixty (360) feet westerly thereon from
its Intersection with the westerly line of Florence
avenue; thence easterly along said northerly line
of Morse street three hundred and sixty (360) feet
to its Intersection with the westerly line of
Florence avenue; and thence northerly umi. said
westerly line of Florence avenue five hundred
and twenty (520) feet to the point of com-
mencement.
Public Notice Is hereby given that on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of Seitember, a. D. 1896. at 12
o'clock noon of that day. In front of the New City
Hall. Larkin street wing, in the City and County of
San Fr.mcisco,-rwill, in obedience to said Order
of Sale and D-cree of Foreclosure, sell the
above de«crlbed property, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to raise sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with Interest and costs, etc.,
to the highest and best bidder, for gold coin of
the United States.
RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, August 11, 1896.
A. G. EELXiS, No. 325 Montgomery street, San
Francisco. Attorney for Plaintiff ■ - : ■■.■-.
partnership notices.
/Copartnership NOTICE — THE TjNDER-
\J signed have tins day formed a copartnership
under the firm name of MARTIN A M ARKS for
the purpose of transacting a general real estate
business. PATRICK J. MARTIN,
JiDMUND MARKS,
,->:: 18 Post st.
San Francisco, September 1, 18PB.
THE DIVORCE RECORD.
Comrialnts filed:
Julia M bach against Frank Meba^h.
Charles W. Aluky against Ethel Duff Allszy.
Divorces granted:
William l!oi;uo from Mary _ogu9, for desertion ;
by Judge Troutt ■
Mary A. Field from James A. Field, for deser-
tion ;by Judge Hebbard. Custody of minor child
awarded to plaintiff. .
Amelia Rodzers from James — . Rodgers, {or de-
sertion; by Judge slack. |
bill 1 JiAKiUAUik— MA i iii
rßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be in-cried. They mas ■ be handed In at
c-ltherot the, publication otllces aad betudorsad
with the name and residence of persons authorlzai
to have the sumo published. J
BORN.
CROOKER— In this city, August 27,1890, to the
wife of A. Crooker. a daughter.
GARTLING— In this city, August 18. 1896, to the
wife of Charles F. Gartling, a daughter.
JOHNSON —Id this city, August 29. 1896, to the
wife of John H. Johnson, a daughter. .
PIERCE— In this city.. August 27, 1898, to the
wile of W. W. Fierce, a sou.
SCOTT— In this city. August 21, 1896, to the wife
of a. M. sco.lt, a son.
TIFFANY-In ihUciLT, Au?uu 29, 1893, to the
wife of Henry 0 Tiffany, a daughter.
_______ ___ .„
ma i£ kl*; if.
KNJGHT-SUTHER;.AND-ln this city, August
29. I>s96, by the Rev. Philip coomb.-. Georee 11.
Knight and Sutherland, both of S<tn Fran-
cisco.
• 1)I_D.
Bendit, Morris Glei>son, Patrick J.
Bergman (infant) Kelly, Mary A.
Brady, Margaret CV Koshland. blmon .-.'..
Bush, Charles E. Lowery. Grace K.
Carev, Robert *Mci;rei;or, James
Cleveland, Alfred G. Owens, Peter
Crowley, Margaret Penny. Alexander
Dittenhoefer, Tobias v.a'.o, David
Donovan, Catherine Wiley, James
Ems -r. Johann L Sherwood, Ueorge E.
Forsman, Henry P. Stewart, Nellie M.
BENDIT— In this city, Angust 30, 1893, Morris
Beudit, brother of Marcus. Abraham and Her-
man Bendl., a native of Nakul, Germany, aged
t>s years .■ -■. .:,£.. " , . . .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tiie funeral T-lls DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission streßt,
between Filth and Sixth. Interment Old Salem
Cemetery. ;';•', : : '
BERGMAN— In this city, August 30, 1896, be-
loved child of Charles and Fredericka Bergman,
and grandchild of Mrs. Elizabeth Boiler, a ua-
live or San Fraacisco. Cal., aged 9 months and
20 lays.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to alien i the nin>*r.»l THIS i * .v IT
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of its (jrandmother, 3009 Pierce street, Inter-
ment i. o. o. F. Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, August 30. 1896, Margaret
C. Brady, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas
A . Slia v. and aunt i f George W. Ca3sidy, a na-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 70
yean and 7 months.
*«f" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend him iuner.\l THIS UAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 033 IlaiKht street, tbence to Sacred
Heart Lhurch, corner Kill more and Fell street*,
where a sol. run requiem hUh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. _ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUSB— In this clty.Augmt ;;i, 18M, Cbarles Ed-
ward Buse, dearly beloved child of William and
Mary Buse, and grandchild of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Bakofsky, aged 2 rears and 15 days.
CAREY— In this city, August 30. 1 -; 3 •?. Robert
care.-, a native of the par of cork Hill, County
Donegal. Ireland, axed 88 years.
JBS~ Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union are
respectfully invited to attend the luneral TO-
MORROW (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. _.
sharp, from the undertaking parlors of McGinn
Bros., 31 Ed ly street.
F. of A.— To the otHcerg and members of Court
Inter Nos No. I *. F. of A.: You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at McGinn's undertaking par-
lors. 31 Eddy street. TO-MOKBI >W(
at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Robert Carey. By order of
L. WIGGINS, Chief Hunger.
P. McCaktiiv, Rec. Sec.
CLEVELAND— In this city, August 31. I^o6. Al-
fred iieori<e, be'.oved son of Ciark B. and Minnie
Cleveland, a native of san Beulto County, (a;.,
aged 14 years fc> months and 27 days.
SB" Friends and acquaintance* are rosr>->c-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1513 Broderick street.
Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this city, August 31, 1896, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Charles Crowley,
and mother of the late Mrs. Ellen Grange and
Timothy, Florence, Charley. Katie and Johnnie
Crowley, a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged
63 years.
$3* Remains at funeral parlors of James Me.
Meuomey <fe Son. 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh. Burial TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at
'2 o'clock P. M; from the undertaking; " pur-
lor« of James Mc_euomey & Son, 1057 Mission
streni. • • .-, > '-.
DITTENHOEFER— In Portland, Or., Tobias Dlt-
lenhoefer, husband of Dr. TUlle D. Dittenhoefer,
and father of Marlon and Alma D. Dillenhoeter,
a native of Germany.
DONOVAN— In this city. August 31,1898, Cath-
erine Donovan, beloved wife of the late Joseph
Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltnd to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 634 Hickory avenue, tbence to Sacrei
Heart Church. Fell and Fillmore street*, where
a solemn requiem must win be celebrated
for th« repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
O'clock a. ii. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
ERNSER— In this city, August 31, 1893. Johann
Leonard, beloved son of Nicno as and Catbarlna
irmior. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 20 days.
FORSMAN-In the City and County Hospital,
August 31, 1896, Henry P. Forsman, aged 42
years.
GLEESON— In this city, August 31, 1896. Patrick
J. Gleeson of 97 California avenue, beloved hus-
band of .M*rv J. Gleeson (nae Prendergast), a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland.
Nonce of funeral nereafter.
KELLY— In Alameaa, August 29, 1816. Mary A,
relict ot the late T. B. Kelly, and beloved mother
of Mamie A. Grimm, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland.
£9"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills ;>.v i*
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 1236 Park street, Alaraeda, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be cele braird for the repose of her soul,
commencing at t» o'clock a. m. Interment pri-
vate. in SL Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. Pleasa
omit flowers.
KOSHLAND— In this city, August 31, 1896,
Simon, beloved husband of Ro.-tlna Koshland,
and father of Mrs. Henry Sinsheimer. Mm. A.
Haas and Joseph, Marcus. Carrie, Abe and Je-se
Kosnland. a native of Germany, aged 71 years 1
month and -7 days. » ->
«3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9:3o o'clock a. m.. from his lat<»
residence, 1808 Pine street. Interment Home o*
Peace Cemetery, by special train at 11 o'clock
a. m from Third and Townsend streets. Please
omit flowers.
LOWERY— In this city. Ancust — , 1833. Grace
X-, dearly beloved wife of Frank Lowery, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Julia Norton, and sister of Clara,
F.mtlle and Frank Norton, a native of San Fran-
cisco, acred 23 years 6 months and 4 days.
ffS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McGREGOR— In this city, August 30, 1896,
James, dearly beloved husband of Ellen Mc-
Gregor, a native of Dundee. Scotland, ii,'cl 67
years. A member of Unity Lodge, A. O. U. W.
JTirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral THIS u.V^
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. ii., from his lace resi-
dence, 1429 Pacific street. Services to be held
at residence. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Unity Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W.
Funeral notice: Officersand members will please
tak-? notice to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. McGregor, THIS DAY (Tuesday),
at our meetlng-hali, I. O. O. F. building. Seventh
and Market streets, at 1 p. m. sharp. Fine
for non-attendance will be entorced. By order,
L. J. PARKER, Master Workman.
. J. D. Martin, Recorder.
OWENS— In this city, August 31, 1893. at the
residence of his daughter. 1413 l-you street. Peter
Owens, dearly beloved husband of Bridget
Owens, and father of Mrs Fred Mark^raf and
■ Mrs. Fred Meyer, a native of Toaer, County Ros-
common. Ireland, aged 71 years.
Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited attend the funeral TO-M.OKROW
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it., from 1413
Ii on street, thence to St» Dominic's Church,
Sterner street, between Bush an.l Pine, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of bis so;il, commencing at 10 o'clock,
a. M. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PENNY— In Ukiiih, Cal., August 21.1895. Alex-
ander Peony, a native of Scotland, aged 33 years.
nenils and acquaintances are reap^ot-
fully invited to a tend th* funeral THIS )v t
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the chapel
of Craig. Cochran & Co., 22 and 26 Mint avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 3:30
o'clock i". it. train from Third and Towiuend
streets.
PLATO-In Modesto. Cal., August 29, 1896, David
Plato, beloved father of Mrs. Philip Ellas and O.
D. Plato, a native of Fosen. Prussia, aged 73
years 4 months and 15 days.
tO~ Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
. the funeral services THIS DAY (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock a. M., at B'nai u'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street, under the auspices of Doric Lod^e No.
216, F. and A. M. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock, a.m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BILEY— In this city. August 29, 1896, James
Rlley, husband of Rosa Riley, and father of Mrs.
Mary Mon gomery, a native of Cavan, Ireland,
. ase I 63 years.
SHERWOOD-In this city, August 30, 1898,
George E., husband of Anna Saerwoo^d, and
father of Harry Sherwood, a native of New Yorl£
City, aged 66 year*.
£g~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, Ausuit 31, 1896, Nellio
May Stewart, beloved daughter of the late H. G.
Stewart and Emma HIM, a native of ban Fran-
cisco, aged 18 years 6.months and 9 days. ;*■>;:•
McAVOY A. CALLACHER, T
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
"j"_J^lTc^ifTNOMKY^^^^^CnA3^il^M_fOMKy.
JAMES MeM_NOM._\ _ SON,
UMIKKTAKJiRS AND _MBA_3IERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
• Telephone No. 3354. ■ - ' '
JAS. ENGLISH. ' T. R. CAREW
CARE W & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMED
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,"
19 Van Ness aye.. near Market st., «— a Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office Mi &ark*S
eireeu southeast corner of sixth.
1516
DARK RECORD OF ONE DAY IN THE CITY.
SHOT FOUR TIMES
BY HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Joseph Kilciine Dying
at the Receiving
Hospital.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE.
They Were Married Two Years
Ago, and She Left Him
Recently.
HE FIRED FIVE SHOTS AT HER
Kilciine W2S for Several Years
Connected With the Fire
Department.
Joseph Kilciine, an ex-stoker in the Fire
Department, fatally shot hi 6 wife Eliza at
MR. AND MRS. KLLCLLNE.
311 Jessie street yesterday afternoon
through jealousy and because she refused
to live wit i Lini any longer.
T^hey were n.arried about two years ago,
but did not live happily together and re
cently she left him. She called upon a
friend— Lillian. Tilton— at 311 Je.-sie street
yesterday afternoon and while they were
chatting Kilciint entered the room. He
had been drinking and was in an ugly
mood. He went up to his wife and asked
her to go back and live with him. She re
fused and he pulied a revolver out of his
pocket and tired live shots at her in quick
succession, four taking effect.
The shots attracted the attention of Po
licemen Farley and T. F. Flynn and they
ran to the house. When the entered the
room where the shooting took ] lace Mrs.
Kilciine was stre;ched on the floor in a
pool of biuod and Kilciine was standing
looking down at her. They asked him
who had tired the shots and he said he did
not know anything about it.
Kiicline v.as placed under arrest and
the apparently dying woman was sent to
the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon^ As Kilciine left the house with
the officers he saw a friend among the
crowd that had gathered and he called out
toohim that he had shot his wife because
she was to" intimate with "that fellow on
Third street."
At the Receiving Hospital Dr. Fitz
gibbon found that one bullet had entered
her right chest and taken a downward
course, piercing the lung; another had
entered her right arm, glanced upward,
and lodged in the deep portion of her
right shoulder. The other two struck her
on the right forearm, inflicting flesh
wounds. The doctor expressed the opin
ion that she could not live.
Chief Crowley sent Police Stenographer
O. H. Heyneman to take the woman's
ante-mortem statement. She made the
statement to him in the presence of Po
• liceman J. C. Laws and Dr. Helms. She
was unable to sign her' name, but with
NEW TO-DAT.
Purifies and Beautifies
by restoring to healthy
° activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gishf Overworked Pores.
Bold throughout the world. Pottxk Drug and
Chxm. CoEi'. 1 Hole Props, Boston, V. S. A.
■SJ- "How 10 ruriiy and Beautify the Skin," muled free.
great difficulty succeeded in niakine a
cross. This is her statement :
My name is Eliza Kilciine. My husband,
Joe Kilciine, shot me four times this morning
in a house at 311 Jessie street, where I was vis
iting a friend of mine by the name of Lillian
Tilton. He shot me because I would not live
with him. He asked me to come back to him
and live with him, nn<i when I said that I
would not live with him h^ deliberately shot
me and I fell down. He stood there uiuii he
was arrested. Joe Kilciine is my husband's
name, and lie shot me without provocation.
Believing 1 am about to die, 1 herewith declare
this to be my last dying statement, and state
the same is the truth, and the whole truth, so
help me t.iod.
While she was making her statement
Kilciine had been taken from the City
Prison by Policemen Farley and Flynn to
the hospital. When she saw him she said:
"Thai's my husband, the man who shot
me." Kilciine did not say a word, but
burst into tears, and as the otlicers led him
away he attempted to get hack to her,
saying he wanted to see her again.
Kilciine when asked to make a state
ment was inclined to be surly. He at first
denied that he knew anything about the
shooting, but finally said: "My wife's
name was Eliza Peterson when I married
her on Ritch street two years ago.
"Last week she threatened to kill me.
She pulled a gun on me but I took it from
her. " I went to her to-day and aske 1 her
to come and live with me again, and she
said with an oath, 'Get out, or I'll shoot
you.' Then I shot her, and that's all there
is about it. 1 don't care if I swing for it.
1 am tired of life anyhow."
Kilciine joined the Fire Department on
September 20, 18S7 as extraman on engine
(j. He was promoted to stoker of engine
8, from there to engine 10, and then to
engine '2. On June 2?), last year, he was
dismissed from the department for im
proper acts and conduct. He ban been
arrested several times for minor offenses,
Buch as battery and disturbing the peace.
He is '26 years of age.
Mrs. Kilchne'fl mother lives on Sher
wood place, and she remained beside her
in the hospital all afternoon and all night.
She was heartbroken over the sad affair.
She said her daughter was "J4 years ot age.
COLIN CHETWOOD'S SUIT.
Struggle Over the "Winding Fp of the
Affairs of tlie California Na
tional 11.-ii.U.
The struggle between Colin Chetwood
Jr. ami the California National Bank etal.
is about to be resumed. A petition was
tiled in the Supreme Court yesterday ask
ing for a rehearing in bank. The language
of the petition is somewhat spirited in
spots. In one place it is asserted:
If tne litigation is not at an end then the
money in court in this proceeding should not
be turned over to Mr. not yet, if at
all. Btateler never had anil never can have a
strict right to these iuiids. He is the appointee
of Thomas, the man most at fault, the man
whose negligence, or worse, ruined thi* bank.
The transfer oi the tunds to him would be not
simply miscarriage, it would baa mockery of
justice.
Thomas has been neither detrauded nor op
pressed. He wrecked the bank but refused to
pay a cent of this loss. This court has not only
relieved nim from n.!l liability by reversing a
judgment of $139,000 against him, but even
actually hands over to him and to agents ap
pointed by him, the funds, 027,500, paid in
by others on account of the very debt he
should have paid. Nor is this all. He has not
only been decreed a share of this very money
paid in to make good the loss he has caused;
ho is actually held entitled to take from the
plaintiff, by Stateler, his agent, the stock of
Thompson and Wilson, presumably to share in
the dividends on that. We submit that the
decision and its results arc contrary to all
principles of equity and justice, and we re
spectfully ask that, this cause be heard in
bank."
A MOTHER'S SUICIDE.
Insomnia, Due to YigilH Over Her Sick
Babes, Drove Mrs. Lowery to
Ji> - ;>•• i it iiiii.
Tired by night vigils over the cradles of
her two little babies, who are suffering
with diphtheria, Mrs. Grace Lowery com
mitted suicide at her home, 732 Green
street, Sunday night.
The children have been quite ill for the
past ten days and their father, Frank
Lowery, a typs-setter in the employ of
Palmer <fe Rey, and his wife have watched
them almost continuously. The mother,
especially, absolutely refused to take nec
essary rest, and as her system seemed to
give way under the strain .she was forced
by her husband to leave the house on Sun
day night lor a breath of fresh air. The
couple wandered as far as the Orpheum,
and knowing the sick little ones were care
fully looked after by Mr?. Lowery 's mother
at home, they Btrayed into the place of
amusement. It was only for a iittle while,
however as Mrs. Lowery became hysteri
cal and feit compelled to leave.
Returning home she lay on a lounge in
the back parlor, where her husband found
her d ad in the early morning, pearlier
was an empty bottle that had contained
carbolic acid. Deceased was a rather pre
possessing woman, hardly 24 years of age.
tibe was of a sunny disposition up to the
time net children became ill and she wore
her system out caring for them.
One million will read ••Mechanics' Fair
aily. " Advertise now. My sell Rollins,^2 Clay. •
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1896.
AN ANGRY MAN'S
DESPERATE DEED.
Fires Five Shots at the
Woman He Loves Best
on Earth.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE.
The Wouid-Be Murderer Then
Vainly Seeks to End His
Own Life.
WILL NOT DISCUSS THE AFFAIE
The Man's Name Is John Jilek and
That of His Intended Victim Mrs.
Ella Ferguson.
Jealousy, made more intense by an in
sane longing for the unattainable, nearly
caused a murder and suicide last night.
As it was, Mrs. Ella Ferguson suffered a
serious wound in the left arm and the
would-be assassin, John A. Jilek, has a
bullet in his abdomen, the pellet having
been sent there by his own hand. The
marvelous part of the shooting, however,
is found in the fact that five bullets were
fired at the woman at close range, only
one of which took effect. Her escape from
instant death is hardly short of a miracle.
The story is the old, old one of an un
requited love, in which the woman took
the initiative in breaking off the unequal
affection. Mrs:. Ella Ferguson is a petite
woman of the blonde type and her home
is 308 Minna street. Two years ago she
lost her husband, and since that time has
found some consolation in the company of
Jilek. In time, however, his attentions
became a burden and she sought every
reasonable means to rid herself of him.
Last night she called on Mrs. William
Goldsburg, 00:.' Ciotigh >treet, and a few
moments later Jilek put in an appearance.
Mrs. Ferguson requested the lady of the
bouse to withdraw for a few moments as
she desired to have a private taik with her
admirer. Just what passed between the
two is not definitely known, but hardly
five minutes had elapsed before Mrs.
Goldsburg heard a pistol shot, and then
another, and still a third, until five all
told had been tired. She rushed into the
room just in time to see Jilek place the
weapon to his stomach and send the one
remaining ball into his person.
The strange part of ttje whole affair is
that neither of the interested parties will
discuss the matter. Mrs. Ferguson de
clares she does not know who shot her,
while Jilek swears he cannot imagine
who it was who sought to end his lite.
The woman had her wound dressed at a
neighboring drugstore and then disap
pearea. Jilek was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, but later trausferred to the sta
tion.
"1 know nothing of the affair," he said.
"We were in the room and some one shot
a pistol several times, one of the bullets
finding a lodging-place here." and the
speaker pointed to his stomach.
Later it was learned that Jilek is em-
John A. Jilek, Who Last Night At
tempted to .Murder Mrs. Klla Fer
guson and I hen Sought to End llis
Life.
ployed as a clerk in a Kearny-street shoe
store. He is a German by birth and has
only been in this country about three
years. As neither of the parties will dis
cuss the affair it is that JileK
will be released in a day or so.
CASHIN'S ASSAILANTS.
Dan Ward, the Companion of John
Kelly, Is >on Behind the
Bars.
Dan Ward was arrested yesterday by
Detective T. L. Ryan and Policeman E.
ODea and taken to the City Prison, where
he will be charged with robbery and as
sault to murder.
Ward was the companion of John Kelly,
who broke into a room in the Oakland
House, 664V£ Howard street, early Sunday
morning, August 16, and stole a gold
watch and |!)0 from the pockets of E.
Cashin, who occupied the room.
Cashin chased Ward, who had the stolen
property, and captured him, but Kelly
fired a shot at Cashin, the bullet striking
him in the leg, and he had to let go his
hold o Ward. Ward escaped, but Keily
wns captured by a citizen.
Since then Ryan has been searchinc
for Ward, and he and ODea found him
yesterday morning. He acknowledged
being with Kelly, but denied taking any
part in the robbery. Kelly's case will
come up in Judge Conlan's court this
morning, and Cashin, who lives in the
country, will be present and will have the
opportunity to identify Ward.
WILL BE ARRESTED.
Peter Vidak Charged With Perjury for
False Swearing While Being
Registered.
John M. Chretien and J. Alva Watt
were recognized by the Election Commis
sioners yesterday as the accredited and
official representatives of the Republican
County Committee in place of T. J. L.
Smiley, who resigned on account of ill
health.
A. Ruef has been acting as Republican
representative since Sruiley's retirement,
but will now nive way to the two new ap
pointees, but may appear for the State
Central Committee.
A number of men who had been cited by
the Commissioners to appear and show
cause why their names should not be
stricken from the registration rolls were
examined. The majority showed that
they were eligible to vote and were kept on
the roll, but some few were stricken off.
The Registrar was instructed to swear
out a warrant for the arrest of Peter Vidak
of 323^2 Minna street, who was refused
registration at the Central Bureau because
lie could neither read nor write, and later
at the registration booth in his precinct
swore that he couid do both, and was reg
istered. He will be charged with perjury.
« — ♦— •
WILL CHANGE THE FEES
Justices <if the Peace Are Anticipating
the Decision of the Supreme
Court.
In accordance with the wishes of the
Justices of the Peace Cierk Ed Williams
of the Justice Court will begin to-day
charging fees as provided for under the
old fee bill and will continue to do so un
less the Supreme Court declares the new
law to be constitutional.
Under the old law the Justices were paid
out of the fees of the office so much for
eacli case or proceeding. This will not be
put into effect immediately, but the fees
will bn collected and put in escrow in the
treasury to await the decision of the
Supreme Court.
The cost to litiuants is practically the
same under the two bills, some fees beinc
higher and some lower. The main d'ffer
ence lies in attachments and default judg
men's, the cost under the rule that goes
into effect to-day being greater in the
former and less in the Iruter.
OFF FOR SANTA CRUZ.
Select Family Excursion to Take Place
Next Sunday in Charge of Colonel
Meiiton.
Colonel William H. Menton, the eenial
excursion agent of the Southern Pacific
Company, has arranged a high-class fam
ily outing for next Sunday, which will
doubtless be enjoyed by a large number of
merrymakers. Santa Cruz will be the ob
jective point of the trip, and the gallant
colonel promises to see to it that every
body shall have a good time.
The excursion will leave tbe narrow
gauj;e Jerry landing at 7:45 a. m., giving
the party five full hours at Santa Cruz, and
returning to this City at 8 o'clock in the
evening. Round-trip t ; ckets for the out
ing are offered for sale at the company's
office for the low price of $2.
HARVEY IS ACQUITTED.
Other Charges Still Pending
Against the Stock
broker.
A Stubborn Jury That Was Not
Inclined to Follow the Juii
cial Advice.
Leroy G. Harvey, the stockbroker, on
trial for embezzlement of seventy-five
shares of Oakland Gas Light and Heat
Company stock, was yesterday acquitted
of the charge, the jury bringing in a
verdict of "not guilty," by instruction
of .Judge Bahrs.
The case has been on trial in Depart
ment 12 of the Superior Court for several
days, and yesterday morning the prosecu
tion closed its case. M. A. Dorn, attorney
for the defense, at once introduced a mo
tion to dismiss, on the ground that the
evidence was insufficient to convict. Dorn
claimed that Harvey was, by reason of the
transfer of the stock to him, its legal
owner, and could therefore not be con
victed of embezzling it. The jury was ex
cused until 2 p. m. to allow his Hunor time
to consider the motion.
When court convened in the afternoon
Judge- Bahrs read his decision. He said
in part:
The defendant cannot be convicted unless
the proof shows defendant to have come into
the possession of the property alleged to have
been embezzled as a ba:lee. This could not
huvt- been the case if the defendant was in
vested with the title to the said property at the
time he received it.
Maude A. *mith testified: "I indorsed the
certificate on the 2d day ol August, 1894, at
Mr. Harvey's r» quest, at ivy house. Mr. Harvey
represented to my mother and 1 thai he had
some large dealings with some Eastern syndi
cate, and that it was necessary for him to rep
resent himself to them as a man of property,
and asked that this stock be indorsed that lie
might show them. An obj.-ction was made at,
the time, but Mr. Harvey said, 'Why, Mrs.
Bmitfa, you know that I have plenty" of real
estate, bat it is much more difficult to show
that as 'collateral,' I think^ou call it, 'than it
would be to show stock,' to we were williug,
and he said 'I a^k this as a personal favor; I
never asked one before, and on that account I
am sure you won't refuse me.'
"The question was asked Mr. Harvey at the
time 'Is that quite f<iir for you to represent
yourself the possessor of our property?' and
the reply was, 'You know that 1 have plenty of
real e.statc, an<l much more than the value of
that, but this was much easier and quicker.' "
The outcome of the transaction was that the
Certificate of stock was. indorsed in blank and
delivered to defendant, which transaction con
veyed title to defendant, according to section
324 of the Civil Code, winch section has i»een
repeatedly construed by our Supreme Court to
nuan that the titie to certificate! of stock are
transferred by indorsement and delivery.
Therefore, according to rule of law furnished
by code, the title passed, and defendant dm
not receive the property us a bailee.
Independently of this rule ot law, the testi
mony clearly shows that the perties contem
plated that the defendant should use the prop
erty a^ if it wore his own; at all events, that
iie was to represent it as his own; thiu lie had
no right to ao unless he was clothed with ih
legal title, (or otherwise to have done so would
have been to commit, a fraud; this the law will
not permit. In law Miss Maud A. Smith must be
presumed to have granted enough to make the
privilege she gave defendant effective.
For the foregoing reasons I am satisfied that
a conviction under the indictment upon which
the defendant Is on trial cannot be sustained,
and for that reason 1 advise the jury to ac
quit.
Although instructed to acquit, the jury
could not for a long time make up its
mind to do so. It was out for almost an
hour, and returned to report that it coulu
not agree, one juryman declaring that lie
would never consent to declare Harvey
not guilty.
The twelve good men and true were sent
out again, however, and on their rf-turn a
short time later rendered a verdict in ac
cordance with the instructions of the
Judge.
The threatened disagreement of the jury
caused a passage-at-arms between Judge
Bnlirs and Assistant District Attorney
H inkle. The attorney inquired what
course his Honor would pursue in case
the jury disagreed. The Juds;e was angry
at the action of the jury in debating at all
over his instructions, and replied that he
was as nmca a part of the court a? wns the
jury, and that he would himself discharge
the nnsoner.
There is still pending against Harvey
another charge of embezzlement, which
will in all probability be dismissed, and a
charge of grand larceny substituted. The
latter charge will be harder to dispose of
than that oi embezzlement.
The Wine N<»t Paid For.
E. Baker.whosays hois a newspaper ma:i and
owns a ranch in Tasadena, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging him
with petty larceny by fraud, trick and device.
The complaining witness is W. Stew.ird, a
££/£ for the st - Hubert Vineyard Company,
-S.M Hush street. On Saturday attenmon lie
<ie nered to Baker at his room, 425 Geary
street, a rase 01 bherry valued at $5. He ti-kcil
Baker i«.r payment, but Baker relused When
he returned to the store his employers toM
ni_m he should not htive delivered the wine
without getting payment, and told him they
would keep the amount out of his wagt:>.
Upon the advice ol his employers he had
Baker arrested.
WAS LITERALLY
BEATEN TO DEATH,
Mrs. Margaret Crowley Dies
at the County Hos
pital.
JOHN COLLINS' VICTIM.
Struck Down and Brutally
Kicked During a Drunken
Carousal.
A LONGSHOREMAN'S WRATH.
He Claims the Woman Would Have
Died, Anyhow, as She Was
111 and a Cripple.
John Collins, a bu'-ly longshoreman,
dissipated and brutal in fact as well as in
appearance, occupies a prison cell at the
City Hall.
John Collins, the Longshoreman, Under Arrest for Uaving Caused the Death of
Mrs -Margaret Crowley by Beating and Kicking tier.
He is charged with murder — as cruel a
murder, too, as has ever been committed
in a civilized community.
His victim, a woman of the lower strata
of society, whom he kicfied into uncon
sciousness one week ago, died at the City
and County Hospital yesterday morning
and her remains are now at the public
Morgue.
The story of the kicking and how it
came about was told in the daily papers at
the time of Collins' arrest. He was a
neighbor of Margaret Crowley at 314 Beale
street and had become rather intimate
with her after the death of her husband
some four yer.rs before. Both drank
heavily, and on the evening on which he
beai the woman he had dropped in to
nave a "sociable drink" with her.
Mrs. Crowley had already procured a
pitcher of beer, which ttie couple b"nL>hed,
and Collins wanted some mure. Neither
was in a condition or inclined to visit the
neighboring grocery for the beverage, and
Collins suggested that the woman's little
daughter be sent out.
To this Mrs. Crowley demurred, and
Collins immediately proceeded to belabor
her for refusing to follow his advice.
While the mother was being beaten and
kicked the child escaped and brought in a
policeman, who placed Collins under ar
rest and sent Mrs. Crowley to the Receiv
ing Hospital.
Collins' victim was in such a bad condi
tion that she was conveyed from the Re
ceiving Hospital to the City and County
Hospital, where she died.
Collins has been very penitent since he
has sobered tin, and each day he has been
religiously inquirine as to the condition of
his victim.
"I'm sorry I killed her," he said yester
day. "1 did not intend to." Then, lean
ing his head against the prison bars, he
said: "But 1 don't think anything I did
to tier was the cause. She was a cripple
and all eaten up by disease, and all I did
was to push he r over and she fell. That
wasn't enough to kill her.
"1 have known the woman for a long
time and we lived together after her hus
band's aeath. Her little girl had a silver
ring belonging to me and I went over to
her house to get it. The little girl would
not give it to me so 1 boxed her ears. It
was then that Mrs. Crowley came at me
and I pushed her away. She fell, and I
suppose she hurt nerself, as she was a
cripple and in bad condition.
"I only pushed her away gently and I
didn't punch or kick her, as they say I
did."
The Woman Suffrage Campaign.
Carrie Chapman Catt, who has been working
for the cause of woman suffrage in Idaho, is
on her way to this City, and will address a
meeting next Monday afternoon at Golden
Gate Hall.
The o]>t-ning of the woman suffrage cam
paign will be hold September 10 at Metropoli
tan Temple. Tliisis the announcement mtide
at the hendquai tors in the Parrott building.
Miss Anthony, Miss Shaw, Mrs. Blinn and Mrs.
Catt will be among the speakers.
Information has been received that a woman
has been nominated for Presidential elector
in Wyoming, but no further particulars are in
the knowledge of tne local woman suSragists.
Miss Mary G. Hay and Mrs. Blinn are in Los
Angeles working for woman suffrage.
The Uivnrce Courts.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted William
Hogue a divorce from Mary Hogue because of
the wife's desertion. The case has been in the
courts for several years, but has been post
poned a number of times, because of apparent
reconciliations which have taken place. The
parties had been married three years.
Mary A. Field was given a divorce from
James A. Field because of the husband's will
ful neglect and desertion. The er.s'ody of a
minor child was awarded plaintiff. Judge
Hebbard made the decree.
Juiige Slack granted a divorce to Amelia
Rodgers iroui James L. Rodgers on the ground
of desertion.
Judge Murphy ordered Alphonse Lallemont
to pay his wife £30 costs and $40 counsel fees
pending a trial cf the divorce proceedings in
stituted by the husband.
Assault to Murder.
Nicholas Kegenovich and G. Kentra, who
were arrested Sunday night on Laguna street
for disturbing the peace, had an Additional
charge of assault to murder registered against
them yesterday. The oompiafning witness is
L. Churich. saloon-keeper, 030 Laguna street,
who says they attacked him and pointed n re
volver at him. They were released on $500
bonds each.
in ;i.lucll'» Contempt.
Attorney A. B. Treadwell was before Judge
Bahrs yesterday on a writ of habeas corpus.
lie was fined $20 by Judge Low, with an alter
native of ten days in jail. The contention was
made that the longest period for whicn Trend
well could be committed for contempt is five
days. Judge huhrs allowed Treaawell nve
days in which to file briefs.
Wish to Examine Willis.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger issued an
order yesterday afternoon commanding Willis
Polk, the architect, to appear at 10 o'clock
this morning and testify as to his ability to
pay a bill of !?121 05 that is claimed by the
California Furniture Manufacturiug Company
to be owing it.
•—• — ♦ — •
A hunting party organized by the Grand
Duke Serge Michailovitch in the Kuban
district of the Caucasus brings to light
the fact that the wooded and secluded
parts of that region are still inhabited by
panthers and other wild beasts.
MEET IN BERKELEY NOW,
Secretary McCoy Speaks on
Religious Effort for Young
Men.
The Date of the Baptist Central
Association's Meeting Has Been
Changed.
It has been formally decided that here
after the Christian ministers will meet
every Monday morning at Stiles Hall,
Berkeley, instead of in this City, in order
to have the advantage of hearing- Profes
sor Jefferson give his Bihle lectures, from
2to4p. m. After tha t the ministers will
hold their private conference.
The devotions of the Methodists were
led yesterday by Rev. J. W. Bryant of
Ukiah, who is down on a visit to the con
ference at Pacific Grove.
A paper on "Intellectual Honesty" was
read by the Rev. Everett M. Hill, and was
discussed by the Revs. Briggs, Jones, Case,
Goodwin, Dille, b\ D. Bovard, Carroll, Bu
chanan, Nelson, Larsen, Thompson and
Wenk, and the essayist himself made a
few additional remarks at the close.
Lin Ming Chuan, a bright youth who
has lately graduated from Peking Univer
sity and is now on his way to De Pauw
V Diversity at Greencastle, Ohio, was in
troduced and made a short speech on the
necessities and needs of his nation. Rev.
H. Khara, a Japanese missionary from
Hono.ulu, was also introduced, and spoke
on missionary work among the Hawaiians.
Rev. K. Lyman Hood of the Congrega
tional Monday Club was present, and pro
posed mat two or three times a year the
clergymen of this City and vicinuy hold a
union meeting. Rev. H. C. Harris and
Dr. Filben were appointed a committee to
confer on the subject with committees
from other religious bodies.
At the Congregational Monday Club
Rev. P. B. Perkins read a paper on "Our
Spirituality ami Our Individual Relations
with God." He held that men should
aspire fora mental state inspired by the
Holy Spirit, by which they can look at
and see things as God does. This spiritu
ality would be the uniting of earth and
heaven.
He believed the supreme need of the
church to-day to be a spiritual mind, just
as the apostles and prophets of old were
one with God.
Furthermore, he did not believe the pul
pit should deal with political questions,
but that it the heart were properly edu
cated the mind would soon find itself in a
condition tovotewitn intelligence.
A free discussion followed the reading
of the paper, in which the author was
commended for the thoughts he had ad
vanced.
At the Presbyterian Union H. J. McCoy,
secretary of the main body of the Y. M.
C. A., di-coursed on "Religious Effort for
Young Men." He said it had been author
itatively announced that a sufficient num
ber of young men reached their majority
every four years to control completely
the Presidential election of the United
States. Of these he believed only 2 per
cent were Christians. Dr. Mackenzie and
others believed the percentage was much
larger than tliis.
Secretary McCoy then stared that he be
lieved the conversion of the young men ot
the country would be the solution pt the
social and economic questions of the day.
He urged business men to do more for the
young msn; mothers to open their parlors
to them, and all others to extend the band
of sympathy. Only in this way did he be
lieve the reforms could be accomplished.
The subject for the day at the meeting
of the Baptist ministers was, "Should
There Be Only One Christian Organization
in Every City?" The speaker, the Rev.
M. P. Boynton. being absent, the theme
was talked over in an informal manner
only.
It was announced that a religious con
ference will be held September 14 and 15
at the Tenth-avenue Baptist Cburch in
East Oakland, and a programme com
mittee was appointed as follows: Rev.
H. L. Dietz, Rev. C. M. Hill and Rev. S. U.
Keecn.
The First Danish-Norwegian Church of
Twenty-fifth avenue, East Oaklaud, will
be dedicated next Sunday. The amount
raiseu for building and furnishing this
new edifice is wholly due to the tireless
and unremitting efforts of the paster, Rev.
N. Tychsen.
On motion of Rev. W. N. Latourette it
was voted to be the sense of the assem
blage that in view of the postponement of
the convention and the expected visit of
Drs. Wilkins and Woods in the latter part
of October, the meeting of the Baptist
Central Association be postponed until
Tuesday, October 27, 1896.
The Presbytery meets at 2p. m. to-day.
Bishop Nichols has arranged to be at
the diocesan cottage from 2:30 to 4:30 r. M.
on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
"NEW TO-DAT- o
Imitation
J^T^v^v^ Cut Glass
r^^S^ Flower
I V \k^% 7^e, 15c,
} \JoI- 20c, 25c
/ jr^o an( *
.Those popular Stamp Plates, with the
openwork edges, go at 10c each.
200 Fine China Hand-decorated Cuspi-
dors, regularly 75c, go at 40c each.
All the above for Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday only.
Don't forget the Bargain Table— full
of good things at give-away prices.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANQENMKIM, STERNMEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
Leading Grocers
Special ForWs Weeß.
HAMS AND BACON.
Our Choice Eastern sucar-cured Hams lie
Extra Light California Sugar-cured Bacon.. lie
WHISKIES (Great Cut).
Black Swan Bourbon 65c— 3 bottles $1 75
Heart's Content Bourbon . . 75c— 3 bottles 200
Old Glory Bourbon 85c— 3 bottles 225
Cutter's Bourdon. 80c— 3 bottles 225
"Wm. Jamison's Irish 95c— 3 bottles 270
Andrew Usher Scotch 95c— 3 bottles 270
Fletcher's Cocktails Sir— 3 bottles 225
Imp. Old Tom Gin 95c— 3 bottles 270
Imp. Vermouth 65c— 3 bottles 180
Fine Old Cognac $1 50— 3 bottles 375
CEILCIOI.D STARCH.
For the Laundry: powdered starch.; re-
quires no cooking; pound package 100
Sample given away free.
PINEAPPLE.
C. fay re & Co. Is Whole Singapore Pineap-
ple, 15c; sliced and grated, 1-1 can. 10c
Regular, 15c and 25c.
CURRY POWDER and NABOB SAUCE.
Our own importation of J. T. Morton's
English Curry I'owder. bottle 100
Regular 20c.
' Batty's English Nabob Sauce, bottle. 800
Regular, 35c.
TEA.
English Breakfast, Formosa. Oolong, TJn-
colored Japan, Ceylon, etc., 3 pounds... sl 00
Regular, 60c.
CIGARS AND TOBACCO.
Try our HAVANA BLOSSOMS, Full Ha-
vana Filler and Wrapper 5c
JOHN SMITH'S Durham Tobacco, with
pipe, pound package ...........250
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
.^ ban rnANCimco.
.COS. lOtk AKD WASHINGTON STS. ) OAKLAND
1731-1736 SEVENTH STESST BRANCHES
Factory
Shoe
Selling!
Not like a retail store ; none of thetricki
and shams of the small tradesmen. A big
business makes small prices. We bring
our .shoes downstairs from the factory
direct to the salesroom ; no middlemen's
profit to pay. You get the best shoes at
the factory price. = Note a few bargains in
ladies' shoes.
Ladles' Fine Vicl Kid Button Boots, patent
- tip, opera and Vale toe •- 00 '
Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Button Boots, clo:h
top, opera or Yale toe * 3 °°
Ladles' Extra Fine Vlcl Kid Button shoe -
pat. tip, all styles of toe *- 50
Ladies' Extra Fine Vici Kid Button Shoe,
cloth top, pat. tip, all styles toe *- 50
Same styles also in lace.
Big Shoe Factory,
581-583 Market St.
Store closes at 6:30 P.M. Saturdays, 10 P.M.