VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 181.
IT FLITTED OVER SAN JOSE,
Aerial Lights Cross the
Vision of Prominent
■'. Residents.
THEIR APPEARANCE MOST
VIVIDLY DESCRIBED.
Hart fakes Some of His
.: Professional Friends Into
: : . His Confidence.
ATTACHES A BALLOON TO THE
WARSHIP OF THE AIR.
The Public May Be Given an Aerial View of the
Great Mystery of the Day at a Pre
arranged Time and Place.
' Interest in the great aerial mystery continues without sign of abatement. It still
. furnishes the main theme of discourse in all circles. Many are ready to make oath
■and stake all their earthly possessions that a veritable flying-ship has been hovering
;abore the earth in this vicinity, while the scoffers are also in evidence, equally vocif
erous and insistent.
As yet, however, nothing has transpired that can be accepted as either positive
proof or disproof of the existence of an aerial voyager, operated and controlled by
hnruan Inventive genius.
San Jos« has furnished one of the most interesting reports of the mysterious aerial
lights that have yet been published. The strange moving illumination was seen there
by a number of men of the highest standing in the community, and the description
of the phenomenon given by them is both vivid and clear.
General Hart now states that the inventor is a cousin of the electrician of General
Antonio Maceo, commander of the patriot forces in Cuba. He also contributes much
additional information relative to the reputed warship of the air and has promised
to intercede with the inventor to have the invention appear at a prearranged time
and place for the purpose of gratifying the deep and widespread curiosity of the
public
PROFESSOR WORCESTER'S EVIDENCE.
The Well-Known San Jose Educator Scrutinizes the Mysterious Filer
and Gives the Result of a Calm Examination.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Not. 27.— An interesting account of the mysterious moving light
which passed over this city Thursday evening, and which is supposed to be attached
to an airship, is given by Professor H. B. Worcester, president of the Garden City
Business College. Professor Worcester resides with his family in East San Jose. To
a Mercury reporter who asked him regarding the strange light, he said:
.. * "There was a small party at my honse in East San Jose on Thanksgiving day and
"• dinner was prolonged until about 7 o'clock in the evening. The company then re
paired to the front of the house to enjoy some music and I went into the rear yard to
• get a lantern. I happened to lookup and saw several miles away, apparently about
• over College Park or Santa Clara, a large light moving rapidly toward San Jose. In
' .a second I surmised it was the mysterious light which people had seen and which was
. supposed to be attached to an airship. In order to call the attention of those in the
houa« to the same I ran round the house to aave time and called out that the airship
. was passing. Everybody rushed out into the front yard.
"Within the time it had taken me to run around the house the light had changed
its course from east to southwest and had traveled several miles and was in a line
over the southern portion of San Jose. The entire party saw the moving light and
saw it go west, then turn south and then change to southeast Wo watched the light
until it disappeared behind the horizon.
"When the ship turned to the southeast I could distinguish two lights, one behind
■ the other. The single light first seen was about the size of an engine headlight and
■ bad more the appearance of a large incandescent lieht than anything else. It was
moving at tne rate of from 60 to 100 miles an hour and it was only a few moments
before it had disappeared behind the horizon.
"There were three thing. regardi.: e the light which impressed me, viz.: Its
Telocity, its regular movement and its apparent intelligent control. The motion of
. the light would suggest the alternate flapping of wines.
. • .* "I have seen many fire-balloons, but the light I saw had none of the charac
teristic* of such a toy. Its velocity was too great fora balloon on such a still night
and its movements too regular. The light was about 1500 feet high when first seen
and may have continued at that elevation, but it appeared to lower as it disap
peared on the horizon."
. Professor Wore, ster stated that his party consisted of Professor M. 8. Cross of the
University of the Pacific, Mrs. Dr. Allen, Mrs. Colonel Moore, Miss Annie Chase
Harry Worcester and himself. All of these, he said, saw the mysterious light and
. expressed their belief that it was under intelligent control. Among others who saw
the sight wat a party at Bell* Vista, near Alum Rock, composed of Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. Baker, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Rengstorff of Mountain View, Mr. and Mrs. Bert M.
Babcock and Mr. and Mrs. Elton.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 27. -John Bawl, a farmer who bears the reputation of be
ing practical and unimaginative, declares that he saw the airship in flight over his
• residence in East San Jose, on Monroe street, near Franklin, Thursday evening
and tbongh it was moving rapidly and was at a considerable alt tude. he was able
to plainly distinguish its general outline and most striking features. He describes
the great winged ship with vividness and realism. Hie wife and family corrobo
rate his story.
"I was standing in the rear of my residence about 7 o'clock, or shortly before
" that," be said, "when my attention \7as attracted by some bright object in the sky
about 150 yards distant, and bearing rapidly toward me from the northwest. I
looked ai it closely and observed it was lunging about from side to side, sometimes
swerving sharply to one side, but always maintaining a general southwesterly direc
tion. It occurred to me that this was the famous airship, and I shouted lustily to my
family and they all witnessed It as it came over our residence. It was so high up I
could form no very definite idea of its size.
"It had a pair of wings which were constantly flapping not from side to side like a
I bird's, but with more of a forward and downward motion. Beneath it several feet
■ hung a ball of red light which lit up the bottom of the ship and sent its rays far
down below it. At the front was a cone-shaped projection which I surmised was a
windbreak. The vessel lunged badly and once made a beeline to the west, but re
gained its course again. It varied in height considerably during the time I watched
it. Its speed I judged to be about that of an electric-car doing its best."
Mrs. Bawl tells a similar story of the strange voyager of the air.
The San Francisco Call
SAy FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 28. 1896.
General Hart M*y Give the Public
an Aerial Exhibition of the
Mystery.
Ex-Attorney-Generai W. H. H. Hart
came » step nearer to disclosing the name
of the inventor of the reputed successful
airship yesterday He also gave many
new details regarding the marvel, and
promised to confer with the inventor with
the object of bringing the wonder of the
air within the observation of the public at
a prearranged time and place.
"Interest in ibe airship, genera]," re
marked the reporter to the legal captain
of the aerial warship, "continues un
abated, and the public are anxiously
awaiting more definite news in reference
to it. They are demanding; something
more tangible than aerial lights at night."
"I am sorry that 1 am still unable to
tell you all you want to know. I can tell
you this, however: Tue inventor is a
cousiu of John Linn, the electrician of the
Cuban patriot general, Antonio Maceo.
Linn is now, of course, in Cuba, but was
formerly a resident of Chicago, and is an
American citizen. The inventor is not a
Caiifornian, but came here, owing to our
favorabie climate, to make tests of and
perfect his machine."
"It is admitted that the power problem
is the great one in aerial navigation, and
in view of this a detailed description of
the Fargo storage battery which you state
is to be used on the improved and re
modeled craft would be interesting," sug
gested the reporter.
4t l would be glad to comply with your
sug e-tion, but we have only made appli
cation for a patent for this storage battt- ry
in this country, and to expose its com
position and construction would interfere
with the procuration of foreign patents
on it. I reiterate, however, that of my
own knowledge I know that the Fargo
storage battery has sufficient capacity to
furnish power for a flying-ship, it the lat
ter can be constructed to fly at all. This
arrangement is different from all other
methods that have Deen heretofore tried.
No acids are used at all, and it will store
electricity in any amperage and voltage.
A 20-horsepower battery to run ten hours
can be made to weigli 150 pounds, and to
run six hours the battery would need to
weigh not more than 100 pounds. Tests
have been made which prove this. The
man who invented the battery is not the
man who invented the airship."
"Why not have the inventor, in order
so satisfy public curiosity, bring his
winged craft over a certain place at a cer
tain time, giving him suflßcient latitude
for de, ays and baffling air currents? His
programme could be announced through
you to the public. He would thus run no
risk of identification, nor would his inven
tion be in danger of being exposed. Such
an arrangement would be most gratifying
WE SHOULD HAVE A SECRETARY OF MINING.
Senator Mitchell of Oregon Is Heartily in Favor of the Creation of the New
Department.
To the Editor of THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL:
I have long believed there should be in our Government a Department
of Mining, and am of the opinion that the day has arrived when the sub
ject should be brought to the attention of Congress and urged. The
mining industry is a very important one in this country, and the
various subjects pertaining to this important industry, now con
sidered and treated of in but a perfunctory way in the main in
different bureaus of the Government, should be concentrated in one
grand department, with a general head, similar to the Department of
Agriculture. I stand ready to co-operate with any Senator or mem
ber of the House at the coming session who may be disposed to take
the lead in the matter.
Portland, Ore., November 33, 1896.
"Now, then, Collis, I'm ready for another wrestle/
NEARING SOLUTION.
r to the public, and would, at the same time,
I most conclusively substantiate all the
claims made on his behalf."
"He don't care to submit his invention
to the public, and is perfectly indiffer nt
Ito what the public thinks. 1 have an ar
| rangement to see him on Monday, how
| ever, and will then endeavor to have him
carry out the plan. When I last saw nim
j he said be was coing south to test his nia
' chine in the higher altitudes. He is ex
perimenting on the difference between
the heavy atmosphere near the ocean and
the lighter air on elevated pleins. You
see he is preparing to carry out precisely
! what I have said in reference to Havana.
. I know he can and will do It, and be is
I net going to glvt out & description of his
I invention until he makes the attempt on
| Havana. lam quite convinced ho will ba
at Havana within sixty days with one of
those ships equipped to do what he says it
can do."
"This plan, then, of destroying Havana
is a preconceived idea of his?"
'Certainly; and he came out here to
work it oat. I did not know him before
he came to me on this matter, though I
know his friends."
"Have you had my applications to sell
stock in connection with this invention?"
'No, and there is none to selL I asked
my client if he wanted to sell any stock
and he said no. He added that be had all
the money he wanted, ana did not care to
take in any person or organize any com
pany for the present. This was the only
thing that gave me the impression that ne
might be off his pins. He is the first man
I have struck of that kind in California.
But I am quite convinced that he is not
crazy nor a crank. He is thoroughly cool
and logical in all be says, and his entire
conduct is such as to inspire perfect confi
dence in his iuvention and faith in what
he says."
In response to an inquiry as to how he
looked, General Hart said he has a dark
complexion and bears considerable resem
j biance to Arion, now performing at the
Chutes.
HART GETS CONFIDENTIAL.
Discloses New and Important Fea-
tures of the Aerial Mystery to
Professional Friends.
General Hart told a cluster of friends,
principally professional men, gathered in
the Supreme Court rooms yesterday some
thing more about the airship which bis
client has in view. "My client says that
be has built one airship and has success
fully navigated it," said General Hart.
"The first ship cost him $15,000. He says
that he will now construct a second air
ship in the locality of Bolinas and that the
expense will be $30,000.
"So far as I know, the second ship will
resemble the first. I am now willing to
make public tome more facts concerning
the general structure of the ship which
has been operated iv this locality recently.
The sustaining power is supplied from gas
tanks, which are iv the hull of the vessel
and which are connected with the balloon
which flies over the airship by a pipe.
When the inventor wants to go up higher
be lets more gas into the balloon out of the
tanks, which are filled with condensed gas.
"When the inventor wants to fly lower
he simply opens a valve in the balloon
and the contrivance naturally descends,
just as an ordinary balloon does. It appears
to me that the unsafe part of the wnole
contrivance is this reliance upon the bal
loon, which is all that keeps the ship up.
If the balloon would fail down would go
the ship. For this reason lam frank to
say I would not care to take a ride m the
airship. Do I beiieve that the airship actu
ally exists? Why, certainly !
"The inventor says that he has traveled
120 miies in the air in about six and a haJ f
hours, which is a little over twenty miles
per hour. H s storage battery he uses for
power only to propel his airship when he
is sailing against the wind. When he is
running with the wind or a few points off
he needs no power, but naturally drifts,
just as a balloon would.
"I beiieve mat four pouudsof dynamite
thrown vertically downward from the
deck of the airship would make terrific
havoc among an enemy gathered below
the ship. The dynamite throwing could
be done most easily by band. All that
would be necessary would be simply to
drop it.
"The condensed gas serves no purpose
except to raise the airship. It has noth
ing to do with propelling it in any other
direction. '
"It may or may not be possible for my
client's airsnip to sail the air from Key
West to Havana. He thinks that it is
possible. Whenever be arrives in Cuba
his power would be nearly exhausted.
Therefore it would be necessary for him
to have a Cuban base of power supply.
The location may be something like thirty
miles from Havana. That would seem to
me to be about the proper distance."
WAS NOT A PLANET.
Observations by a Clever Watcher
of the Mysterious Light.
The following communication has been
received:
Editor (~dU— Dear Sib: As public attention
it at present very much taken up with the re
cent appearances of a strange light in the
heavens here and in neighboring places, I ven
ture to offer one or two observations made by
myself personally on the occasion of the ap
pearance of the strange light iv the western
sky some few nights ago, which attracted so
much attention among our citizens. These
observations you may take for what you may
think tnem worth, merely prefacing my re
marks by saying that in years gone by I made
somewn&t of a study of astronomy, and took
quite an interest in the heavenly bodies and
their movements.
On the night in question I was one of a
group of persons stationed near the edge of
the sidewalk in front of the Flood bnlldiug,
southwest corner Fourth and Market streets,
watching a strnnge bright light in the western
heavens. At first it seemed to me as though I
had sometimes seen the evening star look
nearly as iar<»e and bright, and so I remarked
to a gentleman in my Immediate vicinity.
But n closer observation seemed to show that
it had n'»t the steady and serene rays that
mark the light of a planet. It was observed
for brief intervals from time to time, and its
altitude when I first observed it seemed to
negative the idea of any terrestrial obstruc
tion.
I then decided to make a practical test and
take the bearings from arnat fixed object,
taking the small building with its turret-like
cone that forms a gore at the sonth side uf
Eddy street, at its junction with Market, and
maintaining my position by a telegraph-pole
at tne edge of the bidewalk.
The light appeared to be in a straight line
from where I stood with a point directly over
the aforesaid lurret-llke roof that crowns the
gore at the southwest corner of Eddy and Mar
ket streets. I soon observed that the light
moved from over the point of the roof in an
easterly Bnd northerly direction, until at last
it had crossed the patb In the sky correspond
ing to the width of Eddy street, when it disap
peared around the corner of the fia.dwin
Hotel.
The gentleman above referred to observed
the same thing, and remarked that Dy stepping
backward he could see it a^aln.
This test proved conclusively to my mind
that the light observed was not that of a planet,
for If any one ever saw Venus or any other
planet travel from the westward in a north
easterly direction he must have observed a
phenomenon not recorded in ancient or
modern times.
You may insert the above, if you deem it of
sufficient interest, in your valuable paper.
Yours respectfully, Austin R. Keid,
219 Geary street, City.
MODESTO HAS IT.
Prominent Citizens See What They
Believe to Be Lights of the
Aerial Destroyer.
MODESTO, Cal., Nov. 27.— Residents
in the northern part of this city were
treated to a sigii v t of what was undoubtedly
the flying machine at 10:30 o'clock last
night.
J. E. Ward, cashier of the First National
Bank, discovering what he believed to be
the lights of the flying machine, aroused
his neighbors, ali reputable men, among
whom were County Treasurer W. A.
Downer, Depnty Treasurer W. B. Bell,
C. P. Schafer, the bookkeeper of the First
National Banff, Armory L. J. Maddux and
oibers. The lights were seen at a consider
able height, going in a northwesterly di
rection toward Stockton. The lights
moved steadily and at an even height
from the ground.
SEEN AT TACOMA.
Sighted Near Mount Tacoma—Vari
colored Flashes.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 27— The airship
phenomenon which has startled San Fran
cisco has appeared here. Several reputa
ble people have observed it. They believe
it is an airship and that the inventor has
either made two models and set one up iv
this neighborhood or was taking an even
ing spin from California to Pu et Sound.
The airship seen here resembles that de
scribed by California witnesses in every
particular. It possesses the same birtlike
shape and moves swiftly with an up and
down wavelike motion, varied occasionally
by a dart forward and some times in slant
ing directions.
Last Tuesday nieht the operator of the
airship i 3 believed to have visited and ex
plored the top of Mount Tacoma. Tuesday
niuht Druggist George St. John closed his
drugstore on Pacific avenue at 11:30 and
went home. He reached his residence on
Tacoma avenue fifteen minutes later and
soon retired. It was a beautiful moon
light night and the window curtains a few
feet away from the bed were left up.
Just about 12 o'clock Mra. Bi. John saw
the strange light and called her husband's
attention to it. It appeared to be high up
in the heavens east of Mount Tacoma and
moving in a southeasterly direction. The
Continued on Second Page.
The New i hampagne Viatage.
A truly remarkable vintage for quality as
well as ftr natural dryness, without being
heavy, now being shipped to this market, is
Cr. 11. Mumm'a Extra Ury. *
PRICE FIVE . CENTS.
CUBANS ARE
REJOICING
Defeat of Weyler Brings
Fresh Hope to the
Patriots*
FURTHER DETAILS OF
CARNAGE.
When the Captain-General Re»
treated He Left a Thousand
Dead on the Field.
AGAIN THE BTJTOHEK- LEADER
GOES TO PINAE DEL EIO.
If Uncle Sam Recognizes the Insur*
gents the War Will End in
Three Months.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27. -The Jack
sonville dispatch giving the details of the
two bloody battles recently fought be
tween Maceo's forces and those of General
Weyler in Pinar del Rio caused great re
joicing among Cubans here to-day. Offi
cial details of the righting have not been
received by tha Junta, but it is expected
that Colonel Jose Reyes, with Maceo's dis
patches to tne delegation, will be here to
morrow.
Horatio Rubens, who is counsel for the
Junta and very close to Delegate Palma,
talked to-day. Senor Palma himself was
too busy.
"We do not care to boast of the victory,"
he said, "as we have only the newspaper
accounts of it as yet to enable us to judge
of its importance. There is no reason to
doubt, however, that the report is sub
stantially correct."
A Times special from Key West says: It
is now positively known in Havana that
General Weyler and his army have been
defeated by Maceo atid his forces in the
province of Pinar del Rio. Full details of
the battle are lacking, but it is known to
have been the most disastrous of the
revolution.
The battle was desperate, and General
Weyler, seeing his men were fighting at a
disadvantage and were being slaughtered,
ordered, a retreat, leaving over 1000 dead
*nd taking his wounded with him. More
than 1000 wounded men reached Havana
Wednesday night, and several trainload,s
are en route. Weyler's troops are said to
be demoralized.
HAVANA, Cuba, Not. 27.— Captain-
General Weyler left Havana at 12:30
o'clock this morning for Mariel on board
the Legaspi. He is accompanied by his
chief of staff and adjutant. Other mem
bers of the general's staff left Havana by
traih this morning for Arlemi-.i.
General Weyler returns to the province
of Pinar del Rio for the purpose of renew
ing the campaign against the insurgent
forces of Maceo in that province, which
was begun under his personal command.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. 27. — General
Weyier has made an urgent request for a
regiment of cavalry, and it will start for
Cuba iv December.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27—The
Spanish legation has no intelligence con
firming the report that the Spanish gun
boat Baracua has captured three boats
laden with insurgents and arms off the
the province of Santiago de Cuba. It is
thought at the legation that if there ba
any foundation for the report the boats
contained American refugees who were
trying to effect a landing. The legation
officials give an emphatic denial to the
Key West dispatches which state that
General Weyler and his army were am
bushed while marching through the Rubi
Mountains and that the Spanish loss was
fully 1000.
FIGHTERS FOR CUBA.
They Will Go to th* Inland and Soon nettle
the War.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 27.— An afternoon
paper publishes a interview which pur
ports to come from the local Cuban agent.
The agent states: "As soon as the Cuban's
claim to independence is recognized, 10.
-000 fighting men will :.o .rom this coun
try to aid them. These recruits will be
obtained here. There are plenty of Amer
icans who will enlist. No others are
wanted. If any Americans are caught by
the Spanish aster recognition by the
United States they will have to give them,
the privileges of prisoners of war, which
Americans cannot get now. Within three
months at the longest after the United
States takes such action Cuba will be free.
No attempt will be made to reac ; Presi
dent Cleveland, but Major McKinley is
pledged to our cause, and the Govern
ment will be influenced to take the neces
sary steps."
The Cuban ngent here is said to be di
recting changes which will be made in the
mechanism of a new rapid firing gun of
extra penetrative power, invented by an
lowan named McLean, and negotiations
are pending for Cuba to receive a large
supply of the new firearm if it is success
ful. A local company is said to stand
ready to turn them out as soon as the gun
is accepted. Chairman Cragin of th" local
Cuban relief committee said the newly re
vived league would piove a powerful ally
to the Cubans, and he intended to inquire
of Senor Palma in New York if the pres
ent lino of agitation should be continued.
FOR THE PUR CHASE OF CUBA.
Palma Say* Patriots Are Wilting to
Purchase Freedom.
■ NEvV YORK. N. V., Nov. Thomas
Estrada Palma, the Cuban delegate to the
'United States, when seen" yesterday prac
tically confirmed the story published by
the Senor Jose de Arma-Carriena"> to ; the '
effect that he had, on behalf of the Cuban
patriots, made : a proposition to Prime
Minister Canovas for the -purchase of
Cuba from Spain. Senor Palma says be
had ' two i interviews ■ with ' Canovas and
, that the proposition was considered, but2
there was a hitch when it came to the
matter of giving a guarantee that Spain
would carry out her promise. Senor
Palma said to-day that the Cubans are
still ready to treat with Spain and pay a
reasonable sum if the campaign of de
vastation in Cuba is ended. He also said
it was true that Senor Annas went to
Paris last summer and that the senor had
a private understanding with him before
he left.
He said be was not at liberty just now
to say what that proposition was. When
aske i if it was proposed to pay Spain
$100,000,000 for Cuba's independence, Senor
Palma replied: "I do not care to talk
about money or definite sums. It is no
matter about that now, anyhow. But I
will say this, that the Cubans are still
willing to pay a reasonable indemn:ty to
Spain. It must be guaranteed absolute
independence, however, before they will
lay down their arms. Cuba is free now.
We are no idnger a Spanish colony.
"We have arms m our hands that will
make our independence assured, and we
shall never lay them down until the free
dom of Cuba is recognized by Spain and
by the world. At a word from President
Cleveland we are ready to disarm upon a
guarantee of independence. We are ready
to negotiate with Spain as to the amount
to be paid.
"It would be improper for me to speak
for the Cubans now or to say how much
they are willing to concede, DUt if the
United States will guarantee Spain's ac
knowledgement of our independence we
will give the best banker's Guarantee that
we will pay a reasonable indemnity."
NOT PLEASED DITH LEE.
But the Contul- General Will Return All
the Same.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— A Herald
special from Washington says: A repori
has been current here for several days to
the effect that Consul-General Lee wou!d
not return to Havana. Rumors have also
been current to the effect that tbe Spanish
Government was displeased with General
Lee's outspoken sympathy for the insur
gents and that in consequence of the
supposed report in favor of interven
tion he would be considered persona non
grata if he should return to Havana to
resume his duties.
General Lee was asked about these
rumors yesterday. He emphatically stated
that it was his present purpose to return
to Havana in the near future. He inti
mated that he had changed his plans
about taking Mrs. Lee to Havana with
him, and in explanation stated that affairs
there were too unsettled to make any
plans for her stay in that city. He would
not discuss the question of Spain's feeling
toward him.
Mr. Lee does not believe there will be
any immediate change in t! c policy of the
administration, and it is believed he is
rather disappointed. He is convinced
that intervention by the United States
will come sooner or later and, although he
will not admit it, there are reasons for
believing that he was anxious to have the
President announce an intervention pol
icy in his forthcoming message. There
are as: urances from several official sources
that the President will do nothing of the
k».nd. If developments in Cuba or Spain
necessitate a cnanee of poicy it will be
announced in a special message.
A Cabinet officer said yesterday that tbe
President fully realized the inability of
Spain to end the war during the present
winter and that the United States could
hardly be expected to keep its hands off
much longer. At the same time the
President was reluctant to adopt a more
aggressive policy than he had followed in
tbe pa«t for the reason that he does not
want to do anything that will disturb the
business interests ot the country.
IN HOSPITAL, AND JAIL
Spaniard* Very -Busy Caring for th%
Sick and Prisoner*.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 27.— Nothing
special has been received concerning the
operations in the field. The official
statistics show that there are now 17,340
soldiers sick in the venous military hos
pitals. Out of this number 1418 are suffer
ing with yellow fever.
Eight hundred and fifty persons who
liave been sent into exile for political
crimes will do sent to tha prisons at
Cbafrinas 'to-morrow. A train which
arrived here to-day from Artemisa,
province of Pinar del Rio, brought seven
teen officers and 473 privates, who are to
sick that it was necessary to brinp them
here for treatment. The steamer Bolivar
brought to-day seven officers and 240
privates, all sick, from tbe same province.
General Weyler arrived safely at
Artemisa by way of Mariel to-day, and it
is said that it is his intention to leave at
once for the field.
CANNOT CELEBRATE IT.
Twenty- Fifth Annirer.tnry of the Execu
1' tion of Student*. " •
KEY WEST. Flal, Nov. 27.— is the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the execution
of the students of the University of
Havana, who were tried and . condemned
by court-martial in 1871 for the alleged
violation of the tomb of Don Gonzales
Csstano, the Snanish journalist, but ow
ing to the condition of feelin* growing out
of the insurrection the authorities have
forbidden the customary celebration of
mass in the Havana Cathedral, and which
has always been made the occasion of
turbulent demonstrations on the part of
the students and radicals, and have also
forbidden oil public demonstrations •in
commemoration of the anniversary. -
In tins city, New York and • elsewhere,
• however, the members of the- Cuban
colonies to-day attended the celebration of
requiem masses. • f.? 1 • >
COUKR ANIAN FUIGE RAISED.
Joins Dana t in Declaring That Cuba
Should Be freed. ' '
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— W.
Bourke Cockraa addressed a meeting of
Cuban sympathizers at Chickering Hall
to-nicht. He stirred the patriotism of the
crowd to fever heat. He said be hoped the
Government would not interfere with a
view to annexation, but for liberation
alone. When she is independent she can
treat with as for annexation. . This senti
ment brought forth terrific applause. Mr.
Cockran criticized the administration
earnestly. , ,'■-.'.'■
Hon. Charles A. Dana . spoke both in
English and Spanish, and aroused intense
.enthusiasm. , .
, . General Sanguilly, a brother of Manuel
Saneuilly, now in . a Spanish prison,' and
several other gentlemen spoke.
WEILER'S SUDNEY DEPARTURE.
It It an ilynteriou* at Hit Jiecetit lie
turn to llirann.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Nov. 27.— A special
to tbe Herald from Havana says: Captain-
General Weyler's departure this morning
was as su lden and mysterious as his ar
• rival a few days since. It is evident that
anew movement is contemplated finally.
Before leaving Havana General vVeyler
signed an edict for an issue of silver cur-
rency to replace the gold issue. The gen
eral stated that his presence will be re
quired again in Havana in about, twenty
days. This will bring him back a^ain be
fore Christmas.
MOT ALLOWED TO DEPART.
Non-Un en Laborers Who Wanted to Re-
place Hamburg Strikers L riven From
London Docks.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 27.— A large party
of laborers who bad pledged themselves to
go to Hamburg to fill tbe places ol strikers
assenrbledat tie Asbert docks under the
auspices of the Free Labor Association for
the purpose of embarking for Hamburg.
The union laborers about the docks were
informed ol tbe intentionuf tbe non-union
men and became indignant that they
should lend their a : d to defeat tbe Ham
burg strikers. The union men armed
themselves with billets of wood and made
an attack. Tbe non-uuion ni^n defended
themselves vigorously and a serious fight
resulted. In the end tbe non-union men,
who were greatly outnumbered, were
worsted and compelled to letreat. They
left the docks and took a train for Till
bury, from which place they will sail for
Hamburg to-morrow.
The Hamburg correspondent of the
Times telecraphed that well-informed
sympathizers consider that the movement
is hopeless, especially in view of the cold
weather that has set in.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 28.— Delegate
McHu^b, of the International R.verside
and Dock Laborers' Union of London,
said to-day that he had nothing to do
with the dock strike in Hamburg, and the
longshoremen here would not be called
upon to aid the strikers in any manner.
He himself was opposed to strikes and
never encouraged them.
He was going around to all the docks,
speaking to the men at work there, inter
ested only in perfecting the organization
of trades unions. Mr. McHugh spoke to
day at two longshoremen's meetings, one
in Irving Hall in Brooklyn and another at
the loot of West Twenty-fourth street,
New York. Tbe last was an open-air
meeting and when be began speaking
there were ofcly a few present, but Boon he
bad a large crowd of longshoremen. He
advised the men to spend less money in
saloons and to organ iz-».
BRING ALL YOUR TROUBLES TO ME.
Lady Scott Wrote Rather Affectionate
Letters to Her Son-in-Law, Earl
Russell.
LONDON, Exo., Nov. 27.— The trial of
Lady Scott and the male defendants,
Cockerton, Aylott and Kast, for having
criminally libeled Earl Russell, was con
tinued to-day, with Earl Russell still In
the witness-box. Sir Frank Lockwood,
for the prosecution, resumed his re-exam
ination of the plaintiff, who referred to
t) is relations with a certain girl prior to
his marriage to Lady Scott's daupbt r.
Witness said that he had told Lady Scott
all about this affair before the welding
took place, and had also told her about
the charge that was made aeainst him
which had resulted in his expulsion from
Oxford. . .
Counsel read a letter written by Lady
Scoti to Earl Russell in which she told
him she loved him dearly and urged him
to bring all bis troubles to her. Earl
Russell said that this letter was sent to
him by Lady Scott after he had communi
cated to ber tbe incident* of his past life.
Su George Lane, a cousin of Earl Rus
sell, was called to the stand. He testi
fied that he had objected to Earl Russell's
marriage to Lady Scott's daughter and
warned him against association with Lady
Scott on account of her notoriously bad
character. Witness said he was on board
Earl Russell's yacht at the same time
that lon Tbynne was a guest on ooard
and it was not true, as alleged, that he
had ever seen anything wrong there. If
Aylott stated be had seen him threaten
to (strike Earl Russell, with a coal hammer,
Aylott lied.
Afier evidence had been given in regard
to tbe responsibility of Lady Scott for
printing and circulating the libels against
tarl Russeli upon which tbe charges
against the defendant are based, the court
adjourned until Monday.
OLDEST ACTOR ON EARTH.
Henry Doel Celebrate* Bit Ninety -Third
I'::- Birthday at Plymouth.
LONDON, Eiro., Nov. 27.— The oldest
living actor in the world celebrate i his
ninety-third birthday at Plymouth this
week, and the event was made the occa
sion of a flood of congratulations from
members of the profession and of a recep
tion by some of bis fellow townsmen. His
name is Henry Doel, and for sixty-hve
years prior to his retirement a few )ears
ago he bad at one time or another been
identified with most of the leading Eng
lish companies.
Even now he occasionally takes "juv
enile parts" in the plays produced at the
local theaters and is an inveterate "first
nignter."
The preservation of his memory is re
markable, and without reference to manu
script he can rehearse and speak parrs that
were the rage more than half a century
ago. He also clearly recalls how when a
child he was tak-n fa a row»>oat to Ply
mouth Sound and taw tbe tirst Napoleon
walking the quarterdeck of the lielle
rophon, and which subsequently convej'ed
him to liis home of exile on St. Helena.
( luxe, of a Trantvnnl Mine.
LONDON, E.io., Nov. 27.— The Tele
graph to-morrow will publish a dispatch
from Johannesburg, saying that a sensa
tion baa been caused tr.ere by th* an
nouncement that the Langiaagte Royal
Company, belonging to the" Barnato
group, has closed its mine, the cost of pro*
ducuon being too great.
Another Armenian 31aa»aere.
LONDON, Esq.. Nov. 27.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
Constantinople saying that another mas
sacre of Armenians is said to have oc
curred in the vicinity of Diarbekir. It is
rumored that more than 500 persons were
killed.
British Troop* Arrive.
HALIFAX, Nova ifeonA, Nov. 27.— The
Carthagenian arrived to-cay from Liver
pool with about 800 British troops on
boaid. Three hundred men are for the
Berkshire Regiment heie, about 300 go to
Bermuda and the balance to Victoria,
B. C.
Carried Without a JHri'ion.
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 27.— 1n the
Prussian Landtag to-day the Government
proposal for the conversion of the Prussian
4-per-cent bonds into 3% per cents was
carried without a div.siou.
<*n Oregon Girl Married.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 27.— Miss Alice
Andrews, daughter of Frederick Andrews
of Portland, 0> M was married on Wednes
day to Rev. E nest Holmes, vicar of Mil
ton, Bedfordshire.
Will tx»U the Cmnr.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. 27.— A dispatch to
tbe Exchange Telegraph Company says
that the Emperor of Austria will visit the
Czar in St. Petersburg in January.
Blxth of a I'rince.
" BERLIN, Gklmany, Nov. 27.— A. son was
born to Prince and Princess Henry of Prus
sia at Kiel this morning. . L-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
GEORGE DIXON
MET HIS MATCH
Outboxed by Frank Erne,
the Clever Feather-
Weight
Twenty Furious Rounds Before
the Broadway Athletic
Cluh.
Referee Austin Djcided That the
Buffalo Boy Made the Most
Telling Points.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.-Frank
Erne, the ciever feather-weight from Buf
falo, went up several'rungs in the ladder
of pugilistic fame by outpointing George
Dixon, the famous colored champion, in
their twenty-round encounter at the
Broadway Athletic Club to-night.
The decision was received with ap
plause, but there were many who thoueht
the result should have been a draw.
R^eree Sam C. Austin, however, con
sidered that Erne had outpointed his op
ponent, with a good deal to spare. It was
a fast and splendid battle from start to
finish. Dixon began hostilities with his
usual whirlwind rushes, but in Erne he
found his match. Erne stopped the col
ored cyclone wiih straight left jabs in the
face, and pretty soon Dixon's left eye was
badly cut and almost closed, while before
the finish his other optic was also swollen.
Dixon did nearly all the leading, but,
with the exception of a series on the body.
Erne succeede t in countering, and, in
addition, when he took a hand in the
leading he smashed the colored boy with
out ceremony. There is no doubt but t bat
in Erne Dixon has found his match. Erne
demonstrated his cleverness. Beyond the
red and raw spots on his eye, the Buffalo
boy seemed none tbe worse for his en
counter at the finish, and was, if any
thing, a trifle fresher than Dixon.
There were about 2500 people in the house
when Dixon made hi-, appearance at 9:45.
Tbe colored champion looked as if he was
trained a bit too fine and his face appeared
drawn and worried. There was a few
minutps' delay before Erne appeared. He
seemed to be trained to the hour and looked
in fine condition.
Erne's seconds were Charlie White, Mike
Leonard and Frank Zimper. Dixon's
aids were Tom O'Rourke, Joe Eims,
Jimmy de Forest and Tommy West. Bo h
were weighed in at 112 pounds and started
on their twenty - round journey at 10
o'clock. Sara C. Austin was referee and
Fred F.eck timekeeper.
Round I— Erne towered above his dusky op.
ponent. They sparred for an opening. Dixon
landed a leu on me body, trne put a lei't on
the neck. E ne ru«hea, but George put k
s.>aker on the eye. George came in, but Erne
was ready with a slinging leit ou the lace.
The roun'i was even up.
Round 2— Erne put a good left on the face
and came back on tbe body. Dixon's left
found tbe face. Erne put a corking left on
the mouth as George came in. George came
into a hard left full ou the heart, and as he
came agaiu Erne met him on the wind. Just
before the end Dixon put in two lefts on tne
body and followed up with a right on the
Buffalo boy's ribs.
Rouud 3— Dixon rushed, but Erne met him
with aliK'it left on the face. Dixon soaked a
le:t on the body and Erne jabbed him twice
on the lace, stopping his rushes. Erne put a
straight left on the mouth. The Buffalo lad
was stopping the colored boy's rushes well.
Round 4— Erne sent a left to the face and
fo lowed with a right on the oodv. Twice
Dixon was slopped wi.h leits ou the lace and
Dixou's eye was cut and commenced to swelL
George nearly staggered his man with a leit
on the body. Erne sent a right to the body
and with a lefi .swing ul the jaw sent George
almost through the ropes. It was Erne's
round.
Round s— Dixon rushed and met Erne's
leit on me face. He sent a right to the body
in return. Dixon put a bard right on the body
and Erne put both hands on the wind. George
ru.-hed fiercely, but Erne avoided him all over
the nor. Frank came in witn left on the
body and slopped a wicsed right swing fur the
jaw. Twice Georce put hard lefts on the body
and had a bit the best of the round. George's
left eye was neany closed.
Round 6— They came together and ex
chauged lefts. Erne put a straight left on the
Lad eye. Erne again landed on the eye. Dixon
Jabbed right and leU on the body, but was
twice soaked with lefts in the face. George's
left found Frank's uo*e and he was bleeding
slightly. They were fighting furiously when
the bell rat k. •
Rouud 7— Both acted cautiously. Dixon
rushed his man to the ropes. Erne put in a
leit on the note Bnd mouth and lollowed with
h corking left on the injured eye. Then he
shot a corking left on the body. Dixon put
a right on thebody, but missed with the left.
They were c Inched when the bell rang
Round B— Dixon led, but was stopped. Erne
came into a left on the body and George
landed another hard lefton the body, but Erne
countered with a left swing on the bad eye.
D.xon put a corking right on the body, "re
uettteii it imd took a hard left on his bfid
op ic. Dixon's ri-^ht found the body twice
without a return. It was George's round.
Rouud 9 — lieorge sent two rlghtson thebody
and his left found the jaw. Krne's left found
the body. Dixon came in with a good left on
the wind, lie tried again, but was stopped.
George shot a left on the body, but wns coun
tered on the face. Erne met two o( George's
rushes with straight leit jabs on ti e face.
Both went to their corners comparatively
fresh.
Round 10— Erne missed with the left, but
put his right, on the ear. George sent a left to
the eye. Dixon rushed, but mot a right atid
left (hat sent him back. A tierce mix-up fol
lowed, both landing on the i ody. Dixon
started to rough it, but Erne fought him back
with left on the face and right ou the body,
ueorge's eye was laid open afresh.
Round 11— After an exchange of lefts Erne
sent his left to the ear twice and then put a
right and left on (ieorge's body. Dixon rushed
and landed several times on the bo,iy, but was
always countered hard on the face.
Rounds 12 and 13— A repetition of fierce
rushes by Dixon, during which the colored
boy landed hard on the body, was invariably
countered with straight left jabs on the face.
At the close of the thirteenth round Erne took
a hand in rushing and put two hard punches
on the wiiid. Erne's body was red and raw.
Round 14— Both were tiring. Dixon put a
lett ou the body an: hooked the same hand on
the jaw. Erne swung left on the jaw and in a
mix-up put r ght and left on both sides of tbe
bead. A right on the neck turned George
over as if be was on a pivot. Erne landed
twice on the ear, icrcing George tothe ropes.
Dixon's ten found the body and then he swung
a left on the ear.
Hound 15 — George opened with a left on the
chin. As tbe colored boy came in Frank put
both hands on the face, and a moment later
repeated on the jaw. In a fierce rally both
landed swings on the neck. Erne had all the
best of the hard exchanges ai the finish and
George appeared a bit tired. As tbe boll rang
Err.c landed a terrific right swing on the ear.
Round 16— Erne rushed, but George avoided.
Both Dixon's eyes were badly swolien, and his
rushes were not aa effective as at tbe start.
Erne kept pluggine his left into the face, but
George did nut land ou tbe body as often as in
previous rounds.
Round 17 — There was a lot of sparring with
out damnjie.
Round 18 — Erne sent a bot left to the Jaw
and epeated a moment later. As George came
in with a right ou the body Erne planted a left
on the chin. George's left suotalo g th.> neck,
but Erne sent one straight to tbe face, then
put right and left on body and jaw. Dixon
aftaia resorted to rushing tactics, and his body
blows were severe.
Round 19— Fast work marked the opening.
Dion rustied in ana pin n ted his right on tbe
boiiy. Erne's left found the neck and body
twice. Dixon came into a hard left on tbe
chin. They sparred for wind nnd Erne rushed
in with three hard puncbeson the ribs. Dixon
made a furious rush as tbe bell rang.
Round 20— They lost no time in getting
down to business. Erne sent In a rib-row er.
George responded with a ruahing right on tbe
body, Fr«nK countering with the left on the
chin. Erne swung right and lefi on the head
and George clinched, letting Frank (ret a right
on the wind. They mixed thirds up in great
t-nape until the gong sounded, when they
snoot hands warmly. There wore ouo. shouts
lor Erne at tne close, the Buffalo delegation
leading the applause. As the quiet whs re
stored, the relt-rec announced his deci.»ion in
favor of the Buffalo lad. Erne rushed across
the ring to where some iriends were Bitting
ana kissed one of them.
The evening's openine Dair were Sam
Bolen (colored) of New York, who was
substituted lor "Spike" Sullivan of Boston,
and Larry Burns of Cohoes. Thty boxed
ten rounds at 128 pounds. Tbe colored
lad made a plucky Dattle up to tbe sixth
round, but then he tired and Burns made
a puncbins-baK of him. He was almost
out when the referee stopped the contest
in tbe eighth at the instigation of the
police. Burns got the decision.
The second bout brought out Nick
Burley of Boston and Nick Baker, a local
colored pugilist. Tbev were to go ten
rounds at catch weijrnis. Both fought
like washerwomen, but the colored man
was knocked out in the fourth.
REJOICING AT PALO ALTO.
Football Men, Sore but Jubilant, Fight
the Great Thanksgiving Game
Over Again.
BTANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal., Nov.
27.— 1n spiteof the fact that a special train
was run last evening to take the student*
back to Palo Alto after the Thanksgiving
day football game, but few took advantage
of the opportunity. A larger crowd came
down on the morning train to-day. AH
had husky voices as a result of continual
cheering; all were smiling and jubilant
The football game was again fought over
in the cars, and will probably be discussed
for many days to come. Attention was
called to a statement made at the recent
football rally, iff which Clemens '94, Stan
ford's star halfback, said:
"With such material, you ought to de
feat Berkeley worse than you have ever
done before. You ought to win by a score
oi at least 20 toO "
This was the score Stanford made.
The news of the victory was received
last evening with great c uhu iasm by the
citizens of Palo Alto. The tscore is dis
played in several of the show-windows
and has been posted on all the bulletin.
boa r ds at the university. On all sides
The Call was praised for Its complete,
nccurute and unbiased report of the game.
The supply of Calls at both newsstands
was soon exhausted this morning. A
fresh supply was obtained from neigh
boring towns, but it, too, was soon con
sumed.
Most of Stanford's piayers feel the effect
of ttieir hard game of yesterday. Genial
"II ff" Williams is unable to welcome bis
frien s with his accustomed broad smile.
This is due to tbe fact that a number of
large patches of skin vere rubbed from
bis face during the game, and it is painiul
tq even look pleasant. In addition to this
his muscles are quite sore. Owing to the
style of play adopted by Stanford heY
backs feel tbe effects of the game the
most. The elbows of the men w«re bruised
in falling after "bucking the line." Fisher
has both of his elbows iv bad condition.
Both Searigut and Cotton are sufferi ng
from the same kind of injuries. One of
tbe arms of the latter 'v nearly twice its
normal size.
All of the football men will have re
turned to tue university by the end oi the
week.
UNIVERSITY TRLETEN.
hepretentatiret of Bonrd% of Control
Are in Conference.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 27.—Representa
tives of the athletic boards of control of
tbe universities of Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Chicago, Northwestern Illinois, Lake
Forest and Purdue (lnd.) assembled this
morning in special conference at the Chi
cazo Beach Hotel for the purpose of con
sidering a number of questions of vital
importance to college athletics.
Among these is the matter of the six
month ru.e and the four- year rule.
Michigan objected to the six-month rule
when it was suggested at the meeting in
this ctty last year, and has steadily re
fused to adopt it. Minnesota ia the only
Western college to absolutely put it iv
force, and the attitude of Michigan has
been made the basis of charges of prof s
sionali.-m. Tne Ann Arborites are a>>out
tired of defendiuc themselves, and have
instructed Professor Knowlton, their rep
resentative at to-day's conference, to an
nounce their adhe-ion hereafter to the
six-month rule. The conference will be
asked to make a strong stand for purity
in Wesiern intercollegiate athletics. It is
probable tnat rules will be adopted which
will i luce the West upon tbe same footing
as the East concerning requirements and
regulation of athletes.
Chicago* Claim the Championship.
CHICAGO, 111.. Nov. 27.- The Chicago
University eleven has decided not to ac
cept tbe challenge of the Northwestern
University football team for a third game.
Manager Haller of tne Evanston team had
a conlerence with Professor Stacg to-day
endeavoring to arrange a game for next
week, to take place in the Coliseum. Pro
fessor Stagg positively refu-ed to make
any sucn arrangement, and intimated that
the recent defeat of the Northwestern by
tne Maroons put them out of the cbarn
oionsbip race, notwithstanding the fact
that they played a draw game with Wis
consin yesterday.
The Cbica.-o eleven stopped training
yesterday, and it is improbable that they
will play again this season. Profe-sor
Ftagg claims that Chicago, by de:eat<ng
Michigan University yesterday, is entitled
to the Western co'legiate luotball cham
pionship lor 1896.
On the tatter n 'track*.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Nov. 27.— Seven fur
longs, Damocles won, Raton secoud, Eleauor
Me third. Time, I :33}£.
Five furlongs. Teiupesta won, Sugarcane
second. Tunic third. Time,
Seven Furlongs, Belle of Foniham won, Hi
bernia Queen second. Judge Steadman third.
Time, 1:34.
Six furlongs. Old Dominion won, Judith G
second. Ruth V third. Time, 1:18*.
Six furlongß, Overella won. Jim Hogg second,
Moloch third. T me, 1:18 U.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 27.— Seven furlongs,
Billion won, The Planter second, Argus third.
Time, 1:33.
Bix furlongs, Sharon won, J. Walter second,
The Blossom third. Time, 1:28.
One mile. Belle Bramble won, Handspun
second. El Toro third. Time, 1:47^.
Five furlongs, L VV won, Floto second, J H C
third. Time, 1 :04J4.
Five furlongs, AUtfcie Leo won, Ace third,
Carrie Lyle third. Time. 1 :03}4.
UENNINGS. D. C. Nov. 'if. - One mile,
Buduha won, Hawardea secoud, Dr. Jim third.
Time, 1:45. •
Si\ furlongs, Finral P«rk won. Junk second,
Sedgwick thir-. Time, 1:18}$.
Six furlone*, Dolando won. Declare second,
Tenaerncss third. Time, 1:153^.
Five funoncs, Kinnikiunick won. Hidaddy
second. Successful third. Time, 1 :03 1 4.
One and a sixteenth miles, Bri^k won. Sep
tour second, Volley third. Time, I:sl}£.
I'Ummer and Kelly Matched.
LONDON, Eko., Nov. 27— Billy Plim
mer and Sammy Kelly have been
matched to fight at the Olympic Sporting
Club, Birmingham, on March 2 next for
£2UO a side and a purse of £400. Eidie
Connelly of St. John. N. 8., who on Tues
day last defeated Tom Causer, the Eng
lish iiehtwHgnt, at Birmingham, has^
challenged Die* Burge to n«ht for £500 a
side in February.
Eanter Gift the Winner.
LONDON, Enq., Nov. 27.— At the Man
chester Novemberm ber meeting the Lancashire
handicap of 1000 sovereigns for three-year
olds and upward, one mile, was won by
Easter Gift. Ethel second and P. Loril
lard s ba> rolt Diakka (entered by Ix>rd
William Beresford) third. The betting
was 5 to 1 against Diakka.
Will 2,«r« in 1 ,inr.t,,,,.
Washington, d. c. Nov. 27.— After
returning from the theater to-night Private
Secretary Thurber in couversation with
The Call correspondent confirmed tbe
report thai President Clev-land had pur
chased a lot in Princeton, N. J., where he
would build a residence and make it his
future home.
PASSED THE EXAMINATIONS.
Soldier* in the M,,,,kt Who Will Get
Comf Hi* tiont.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.-The
following non-commissioned officers have
passed the examination for commissions
as second lieutenants in the army in the
order named: First Serjeant Clinton,
Fourth Cavalry; First Sergeant Ovenshine,
Twenty-first Infantry; Corporal Eames,
Fourth Cavalry; Sergeant Field, Eighth
Cavalry; Corporal Brown, Fiith Cavalry;
Corporal Conrad, Fifth Cavalry; Sergeant
Ftanklm, Fifteenth Infantry; Corporal
Steele, Fifth Ininntry; Corporal Bernard,
First Cavalry; Semeant Giddings, Eighth
Cavalry; Corporal Byroade. Firs.t Artil
lery; Sereeant Reeves, Fourth Infan
try; Corporal Walton, Sixth Infantry;
Sergeant Smith, Sixth Infantry; Pri
vate Merchant, First Cavalry; Ser
geant Munson, Sixth Infantry; Ser
geant Anderson, Fourth Cavalry; Cor
poral Hunt, Eighth Cavalry; Sergeant
Robertson, Second Cavalry; Sergeant-
Major Haidl, Thirteenth Infantry; First
Sergeant Bradley, Tenth Infantry; Ser
eeant Harder, Thirteenth Infantry, ami
Corporal Wilson, Fourth Cavalry.
At present there are no vacancies for
these candidates, but it is expected many
ot them will receive commissions by July
next
Hied From Exposure.
TOMBERMORAY, Oct., Nov. 27.—
John S. Rankin, a Detroit land looker,
was found dead in a hut on Fitzwilliam
Island yesterday, by the captain of the
tug Seaman. A note pinned to tbe corpse
stated that Rankin's companions, Thomas
J. Austin of Detroit and George E. Belrose,
a guide from Tombermoray, had left for
the Tombermoray. Nothing has been
seen since ot the two men. His death
was probably caused from the exposure,
as there was no nre in the cabin and tfce
weather was intensely cold.
Hilton Laekaye Coming.
DENVER, Colo.. Nov. 27.— Milton Lack
aye and his company closed their success
ful engagement at the Tabor Grand Opera
house this evening to a packed house.
His production of "Dr. Belgraff" has
pmved one of tbe finest dramatic per
formances ever givvn in this city.
Mr. Lacfcaye has done much toward his
great success by surrounding himself with
the strong company that be has. His
leading lady is Marie Wainwright, and
among the others are C. W. Couldock,
Forrest Robinson, Alice Evans, Caroline
Hamilton, Byron Douglas, Joseph Allen,
Aifre l Hampton and Edwin Wallace. The
company will leave early to-morrow morn
ing direct for San Franci«co, where a two
weeks' engagement is to be played.
Alexander A iiler Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 26.—Alex
ander Miller of Tucson, Ariz., died sud
denly at the Astor House to-day from
pneumonia. He was a mine owner and
promoter, and whi.e making a business
trip to tln« city last week he contracted a
cold which developed into pneumonia.
He was well Known in mining circles.
Stealings of a Ca*hier.
LEBANON, Pa-, Nov. 27.— The amount
of money stolen by CashiT John H. Hoffer
of the First National Bank is $110,107.
There were other transactions with
Lebanon bank?, wh eh, it is stated, will
swell the total to $200,000.
Death of a Famoun Aatronomer.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 27.— As he
was sscending tbe stairs in his residence
last night Benjamin Apthrop Gonld, the
famous scholar and astronomer. Ml,
striking his head on the steps, from which
death ensued in a short time.
At*ignm-rnt of a Banker.
SOUTH MCALLISTER, I. T., Nov. 27.—
G. A. Gill, proprietor of the South Me-
Alii-ter Bank, assigned to-day. His lia
bilities are $37,000.
Troop* Ilepart for Manilla.
BARCELONA, Spain. Nov. 27.— A
steamer sailing hence to-day for Manilla
carried two battalions of troops to re
enforce the Spanish columns operating
Bi/ainst the insurgents in the Philippine
Islands. Sue also carried a quantity of
war material.
Iteath of a .^oted Writer.
LONDON, Exa. Nov. 27.— Miss Matilda
Blind, the noted writer, is dead.
THE GREAT BEARS' GAVE.
One of the Greatest Natural Cariosities
in Pennsylvania.
One mile from the hamlet cf Hillside,
on the Pennsylvania Railroad halfway up
the Chestnut Ridge, is the famous Bears'
Cave, one of the greatest natural curiosi
ties in Pennsylvania. All the way from
tbe little station the road is bowered by
chestnut, maple and oak, surpassing far
in beauty Lovers' Walk at We3t Point.
It makes a most delightful stroll, a sur
prise to city people, and, in fact, too few
know of the near existence of such a
wonder as tbe cave.
Tbe entrance is far more picturesque
than that of Mammoth Cave, Kentucky.
Immense ledges of rock and great bowl
ders shadow the mouth of the cave, from
which in the summer is constantly rollinj:
out a volume of air with a iflmperature of
about 60 degrees. I made my first explora
tion of Great Bears' Cave in the summer
of 186 L I made a second exploration in
1866 and a third last week. Among the
Pittsburg gentlemen stilt living who were
in the party oj 1866 are William 8. Miller,
Ed P. Long, Dr. Thomas D. Davis and
Major Hugh Logan of Logan's Ferry. We
were well provided with balls of twine,
lanterns, candies and matches, and ex
plored the cave at least one mile. There
are large rooms and small, abrupt de
scents, a gurgling ptream, "fat man's
misery," small lakes, stalagmites and sta
lactites in brief, all the attractions of a
well-regulated cave. Over the mouth of it
niisrht be built a hotel which would have a
decided cool temperature all through tbe
heated season. Some of tbe pictrresque
mountain scenery n ar is being defaced
by the "Bine Rock fiends" to get the
blocks for the streets of Pittsburg. — Pitts
burg Dispatch.
A plant that grows in India, called the
Philotacea elect rica, emits electric sparks.
The hand which touches it immediately
experiences a sMock.
HEW TO-PAT.
BnPECtIiST
. Of many of our lady cus-
tomers ' tomers who were unable :
to make their purchases
• last Monday on account
: .  of the rain, we "Will renew ' -
; OUR FREE f||
■ SOUVENIR OFFER '
j T To-day (Saturday), Nor. 28. •
A Souvenir to be given with each purchase
■ .. . of 25 cents or over.
WONDER 1 CUT-RATE " DRUB v STORE
iO2B/^\arH k ot.Ctr«tfl
joints. rtik&n franci^ca
* —
IT FLITTED
OVER SAN JOSE
Continued from jrtrit 1'oq«.
distance from Tacoma must have been at
least fifty miles. They watched tbe heav
enly stranger over half an hour. T..ey
first law it through a north window in
their room, but after a while could see it
through a window several feet further
south without having changed their posi
tions. This proves that the airship trav
eled a long distance during the time they
were watching it.
Mr. St. John says that vari-colored
lights were shot forth in ail directions.
T..ey were emitted from each end and
both sides. Sometimes tbe light at one
end or one side wonld be cut off. Some of
tbe lights were white, others red, blue and
green. Tuese four shades were distinctly
visible. When all the lights were shining
the aerial monster seemed incased in a
brilliant clow, having tbe appearance of a
powerful electric searchlight The size
then seemed to be that of an arc light. It
flashed often, sending tbe various colored
raya shooting out from the center in
every direction like spokes in the hub of a
wheel. Sometimes it had a wavering
motion and swayed bacz and forth in its
course through the heavens like a vessel
at sea in a storm, but the unduiaang
motion was its chief course, being varied
by frequent dartings.
The moonlight was not strong enough
to permit a distinct view of Mount Ta
coma, but the airship was seen to ap
proach the neighborhood of the mountain
at what seemed to be its exact height, and
dart hither and thither as if an explora
tion was in progress.
Tbe supposed airship was still in sight
when Mr. and Mrs. St. John became tired
of watching it and went to sleep. They
spoke of the strange occurrence to many
friends next day, but what they had wit
nessed was not made public until to-day.
They have eagerly read accounts of the
California airship, and declare that what
they si'.w must have been the same or an
exactty similar contrivance.
Hundreds of people are on the lo.okout
here for another appearance of the airship.
Hnrkxntj a Ji'Cirer.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ixd., Nov. 27.— The
bill o complaint was tiled in the United
States Court to-day against the Terre*
Havre and Indianapolis Railroad and
Indiana Lake Michigan Railway, asking
for the appointment of a receiver for the
latter road. It may be sold to sati-fy a
«iebt of $12,000 due the Central Trust Com
pany ot New York and holders of bonds.
Appointed Interpreter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.— The
President has appointed E. T. Williams of
Ohio interpreter at the consulate-general
at Shanghai, China.
Cartoonist Cotten Very Hi.
WASHINGTON. D.C., Nov. 27 Georee
I. Cossen, the cartoonist of the Washing
ton Post, is critically ill.
Tried
And true is tbe verdict of the people regarding
Hood's Sarsaparillft. Caturrb, Scrofula, rheu-
matism, dyspepsia, nervous troubles yield to
Sarsaparilla
The Best— ln fact The One True Blood Pnrifler.
Hfinri'*; Pills cure nausea, indigestion,
11UUU i» f 11IS biliousness? 25 cents.
TJiE SO.ND.7IY CJILL.
The Great Family Newspaper .
of the Pacific Coast
;soj»ie QEMS OF y\RJ :By GALIFOR^I^ talent. ---
: IDYU OF 7\UTUJ4N = \fi NORTHERN .CALIFOJ^IA
JHE ODDEST GE/4ETERy WOpLD.
Afl y\MBUb/\NCE FOJ* Wy\pSHIJ>S IN BATTLE.
7IOVELI fRAGTIGAL. USE FOR BICYCLES. '
COULTER'S PICTURE OF SAN FRANCISCO AS
VIEWED FROM THE BAY.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL
set to-dat:
Has for % teen \ years recom*
mended *.v! : .. :
GHIRARDELLI'S
chocolates and cocoas to be the
purest, freshest and best — to the
exclusion of all other brands.
The enormous sales and con-
tinually increasing popularity oj
GHIRARDELLi'S
: Would seem to prove everything
claimed for it by the'
GreatiniericanlfflporliDsTeaCo.
MONEY SAVING STORES*.
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 318 I hird st.
140 Sixth St. aooB Fillmore St.
617 Kearny st. , 965 Market st.
'419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
.-t Montgomery avt,-. : 104 .Second st.
333 Hayes st. " r * '3285 Mission st.
52 Market at. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Ui San Pablo aye. < 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.
Where you get a present with
every purchase.
«pe? •O' <Jcs* OK* *£*■> 9\> »^- •is ;
r .jßuild a formidable barrier across Cali-
fornia's frontier — build itof " home indus-
try " poducts — of our own manufacture.
7/et the inflow of Eastern goods be checked
by the price and good quality of home
productions.
•• STANDARD "SHIRTS
will be part of the barricade.
NEUSTADTER BROS.. Manufac'rs. S. F., Cat.
9M m
.^ %J P l^ * •■■■■ J Iffy
ATARNYSi *
IS THE VERY BEST 1 NX TO EXAMINB
your »>y»» and fit them to Sp«ctacies and By*,
! glasses with instruments of bis own Invention,
I whose superiority has not. been equaled, iljr ao»
cess has been due to (he merit* Of I*7 work.
Otflca Hour*— l 2 tolF.il - - ■■■ ■ . .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The. ,GRILL
Ladies T>C\rwii
I OF THE ROOM
j PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.SEVERE BLIZZARDS
ARE YET RAGING
. Trains in the North Are
Stalled by the Snow
Drifts.
Very Cold Weather Experienced
Throughout the Middle
West.
In the South Cyclones Cause ram ge
to Property — Death and
Injury.
MOOREHEAD, Minn., Nov. 27.— One of
the severest blizzards tbat has in years
visited this section is raging to-day. It
has been on twenty-four hours, and there
is no prospect of abatement. Traffic in tbe
streets and business is suspended. Nearly
all passenger and freight trains are
snowed in, but the Northern Pacific man
, aged to move one passenger train this
• morning. No 9, northbound, on the
Great Northern, reached here an hour late
this evening, but got stalled at the depot
and had to be due out. It took roar power
ful engines to take four passenger coaches
across the river to Fargo, where further
. trouole is feared. The trains are unpro
vided with enow plows, which render* tbe
engines almost helpless. The snow in
' some places is four and five ieet deep.
DEVILS LAKE, N. D., Nov. 27.— A
trainload of cattle are reported stuck in
' -the drift, near Churchs ferry, and frozen
to death. Tbe wires are down, forbidding
direct communication.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Nov. 27.— Tbe storm
which has been raging throughout the
Northwest for the past forty-eight hours
is the severest that has visited this section
since the blizzard of January 12, 1888, in
which 107 lives were lost. No lives are
reported lost in this storm, but there is a
complete blockade of traffic in Northern
Minnesota, North Dakota and portions of
South Dakota. Trains into St. Paul from
the West are from five to ten hours late.
It is four degrees below zero here to-night,
with a terrific north wind blowing.
FERGUS FALLS, Mink., Nov. 27.—
. Trains are badly delayed. The mercury
is at zero. Business is suspended.
ARGYLE, Minx, Nov. 27.— The worst
blizzard ever known here has been raging
for the past thirty-six hours. Drifts in
the str ets are as high as the buildings
alongside. Trains are tied up. The storm
shows no signs of abatement. There may
be a number of deaths reported later.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 27.— Dispatches
from Southeast and Central Nebraska tell
of zero weather and high north winds.
To-day and to-flight were tlie coldest for
November in the State for years. Among
small farmers stock is provided for, but fur
ther north on the range there will be loss.
Not half of tbe corn crop has been gath
ered, and with a heavy coating of ice,
' which prevents husking, hundreds of
thousands of bushels seem destined to lie
in the fields until spring.
OMAHA, Nebr., Nov. 27.— A1l the roads
running west and northwest have been
busy for tbe past thirty-six hours getting
up tbe telegraph wires and poles tbat went
down in the storm. The Elk Horn was
put in the worst plight of all. Four hun
dred poles were down.
Tbe St. Paul and Omaha lines are all in
bad shape near Sioux City and Mankato,
Minn. In a stretch of eighteen miles the
wires were broken in fifty place?, forty
one poles down and fifty-eight cross-arms
broken. Since early Thursday morning
there ha 3 been no telegraphing over the
Union Pacific west of Columbus. Six
hundred poles are down. The Burlington
did not have a great deal of trouble ou its
Western lines.
• MEMPHIS. Tekn., Nov. 27.— A cyclone
struck a corner of Tunison, Miss., la-t
night, wrecking a boxcar, several small
houses and killing a negro woman, be
. Hides seriously injuring half a dozen
others. It scattered household effects
over a broad area.
WACO, Tex., Nov. 27.— A cyclone visited
a section twenty miles southeast of Waco
Wednesday and demolished several farm
houses. Damage occurred near the town
of Mart, McLennan County, with which
there is no telecrapbic communication.
. News comes from Reisel, six miles from
Mart, that the residence of R. A. Douglass
was totally destroyed, his wife severely
hurt and one of his children was killed
outright.
Five persons were more or less injured,
as far as heard from. The temperature
ranged nearly at summer heat. In passing
over the prairie the cyclone took away
everything it touched, leaving the earth
bare of grass. It was a mile wide and
eight miles long.
PADUCAH, Ky., Nov. 2.-owing to the
"wires being down only meager details of
the storm which swept West Paducah last
night have reached here. One house was
destroyed at Fulton and considerable other
damage done here. A man and child are
missing from Kuttawa, Ky. It is believed
they were blown into the Cumberland
River and drowned. The depot was
wrecked at Eddyfield, a factory blown
down and the courthouse unroofed.
FLOOD AND EARTHQUAKE.
Many Persons Drowned in the Raging
lorrents in Europe.
LONDON, Eno., Nov. 27.— The News
will to-morrow publish a disDatch fiom
the Piraeus saying that eighty persons are
missing and that it is belived that they are
drowned.
The Times to-morrow will publish a dis
patch from Athens saying the storm
which caused the flood was unparalleled
for violence. It was accompanied by
slight earthquakes. Tbe liissus River,
which is a very small stream rose twenty
feet, and all bridges spanning it except
two were demolished. It is believed that
tbe ancient monuments in the path of the
flood have not been injured. The dam
age to factories at the Piraeus amounts to
20,000,000 drachmas. It is believed the
villages of Attica have suffered severely,
but the interruption of communication
prevents any information reaching Athens
from there.
TELEPHONE CONTRACT EXPIRES.
Therefore the Western Union Hay Go
Into the "Hello" Business.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 27.— The contract
between the Bell Telephone Company and
tbe Western Union Telegraph Company
formally expired by limitation to-day.
Various stories to the effect that the con
tract had already expired have been
printed during the past few weefcs, but as
CLEVELAND PREPARING HIS FAREWELL MESSAGE
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.— President Cleveland has been devoting a great deal of time to his annual message during
the last week and now has it well in hand, so that it can be finished in a couple of days. This message is expected to be one of
the ablest public documents Cleveland has written during his two terms. It will be, in a sense, his farewell to the American peo
ple as their chief executive, and there is little doubt that he will embrace the opportunity to mark out the course he believes
ought to be followed by the National Government for the maintenance and advancement of the honor and prosperity of the country.
Foreign affairs will naturally claim considerable attention, and the President will have an opportunity to congratulate Con
gress and the country upon the solution of the Venezuelan boundary controversy in a manner honorable and satisfactory alike
to the United States and to Great Britain and Venezuela. The condition of affairs in Turkey will be discussed in deiail, and the
President will be able to snow tbat the ordinary diplomatic agencies have snfficed for the protection of American life and property
in the Turkish empire.
TUe last paragraphs of the message to be written will be those dealing with the situation m Cuba. He will avail himself of
tbe latest possible information as to the military situation in the island, and the prospects for the early success or failure of the in
surgents may have much to do with shaping his policy. Present indications are that he will make no radical recommendations
on this subject
Although there is no prospect for enactment of any revenue or financial legislation during the rest of his term Cleveland is
understood to be preparing for an elaborate discussion of these subjects, and will recommend legislation which he believes, if
carried out, will put the treasury aud tbe financial system of the country on a sound basis. The President will doubtless express
his approval of recommendations for increasing the revenue by imposing revenue duties on tea and coffee and increasing the
internal revenue tax on beer. Tbe financial reform recommendations of the message will be along the lines of Cleveland's former
recommendations, and wili have as tbeir basis the advocacy of the single gold standard as tbe foundation of the monetary system
of the country.
The retirement of the greenbacks and the Sherman notes will be recommended, so as to take the Government entirely out
of the business of issuing promissory notes. Banking reform will be recommended at the same time, to enable the banks of the
country to issue circulating votes which will be safe and which can be expanded or contracted in volume to meet the needs of the
business of the country.
Cleveland is alive to the necessity of continuing the expansion of tbe navy and of constructing coast defenses to pot the
country in a condition to resist foreign aggression, and the recommendations made on these lines made by Secretaries Lamont
and Herbert in their annual reports will be seconded in the message.
a matter of fact the instrument dated for
a period of seventeen years from Novem
ber 27, 1879.
It has been officially stated by high offi
cers of tlie Western Union Telegraph
Company that no steps have been taken
looking to an extension ol the contract,
and which has virtually been the main
stay of the Bell company, and it is there
fore believed that the Western Union pro
poses to go into the telephone business for
itself. The developments of the next few
months in this connection will be awaited
with interest by telephone-users through
out the country as well as by tbe inde
pendent telephone manufacturers.
MASKED HIGHWAYMEN FOILED.
An Unsuccessful Attempt Made to Hold
Up an Electric-Car at a
Lonely Spot
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 27.-Four
masked highwaymen made an unsuccess
ful attempt to hold up an electric-car mid
way between this city and Independence
at midnight last night. The leader, Oscar
Bridges, said to be a bridge and parachute
jumper, was caught and brought to this
city to-day. He gave the names of his
companions as Eugene Ridgway, a barber,
and Ernest Ridgway, a professional high
diver, both of Shoenfeld, a suburb near
the scene of the hold-up, and James Re
pine, whose home is in Centropolis, a
suburb of this city. A saloon-keeper has
given information which makes it almost
positive that the men are tbe gang which
boldly held up a westbound Cnicago and
Alton train just outside Independence
about a month ago.
The electric-car was filled with theater
goers, and when it reached a ionely spot
Bridges jumped on tbe rear platform,
went through to the front end and thrust
a revolver in the motorman's face. An
other robber entered tbe rear door and
was in the act of ordering the passengers
to hold up their hands when the con
ductor threw him irom the car. The mo
torman was able to start his car, and tbe
other robbers, who were to have covered
the conductor, escaped to the woods with
tbe third man. Bridges was fighting with
me motorman, who was aided by some
male passengers, while the women
screamed in fright and fainted. Bridget
was finally overcome without firing a shot
and the car proceeded to Independence.
LEFT A BIG SHORTAGE BEHIND.
Funds of an lowa State Bank Looted by a
Cashier Who Recently Departed
for His "Health."
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Nov. 27.—
John C. Watts, cashier of the State Bank
of Neola, lowa, left the city several days
ago stating that he was going to Denver
for his health. Information reached this
city to-night that the officials of the bank
bad discovered a shortage of nearly $10,
-000, which they were inclined to charge
up to Watts.
Georee E. Kings of Dcs Moines, the pres
ident of the bank, has been in Neola for
two or three days looking into the case,
and Judge Bancroft of Dcs Moines, said to
be a director or stockholder in tbe bank,
is also there. Tbe investigation got pretty
close to the bottom of matters this even
ing, and tbe facts elicited seemed to war
rant the action taken.
The bondsmen of Mr. Watts at once
came in and deposited sufficient money to
cover the probable shortage. Mr. Watts is
a son of M. A. Watts, formerly County
Auditor of Greene County and cashier of
the Council Bluffs Savings Bank.
JUeseiean Corn Shipments.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Nov. 27.— The
rush of corn shipments to Mexico through
here has been tbe heaviest ever known
during the past three weeks, and the
transferring capacity of the roads at tbe
border has been taxed to its fullest capa
city. The great bulk of corn comes from
Kansas, lowa and Nebraska, where it in
purchased for 10 cents to 15 cents per
bushel and sold in Mexico as hieh as
$2 per bushel, Mexican currency. In
addition to these shipments by mil heavy
exportation} are being made by water for
the most southern States of Mexico.
"Knockout Drop*" Mot Given.
CHICAGO, Ili_, Nov. 27.— A special
from New York says that the chemical
analysis of the viscera of Frank P. Ar
bucfcle proves that "knockout drops" had
not been given to him. It may prove that
morphine or some such drug was admin
istered, but no indications to that effect
have yet been discovered. The analysis
wili not be finished for about two weeks.
Valuable Stamps for Sale.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Nov. L'7.-The
announcement made by Albrecht Loewit,
a city stamp collector, that he has for
sale about $20,000 worth of the original
unused issue of the Columbian $2 stamps
at $1 75 each has attracted much atten
tion among stamp experts. Mr. Loewit is
a member of many philatelic societies of
this country, Canada and Germany.
Epidemic of throat Trouble.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 27. -Never within
the recollection of its oldest physicians—
and many of them have passed the mile
stone of three score years and ten allotted
to man by the prophet— has Chicago ex
perienced such an epidemic of throat
troubles as prevails at the present time
Confessed Heavy Judgment.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 27.— Shoninger,
Levy <fc Co., wholesale lace-dealers, conf
essed judgment in the Superior Court for
$53,000 to-day. Their liabilities are about
$100,000, with assets not stated. The trou
ble was caused by slow collections and
lack of business.
A«r« of an Er.tr a Session.
GRAND RAPID 6, Mich.. Nov. 27.—
Cons;ressman Bmitb, who returned from a
visit to President-elect McKinley last
night, at Can on, said be was sure an extra
etfesion of Congress would be called.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.'
URGE HELP FOR
THE ARMENIANS
An Appeal Issued by the
General Officers of
the W. C. T. U.
Much of the Good Work Must
Now Be Done Over
Again.
Persecnted Christians • Who Are
Starving in the Land of the
Turk Vat N?ei Help.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 27.— The following
statement bas just been issued by the gen
eral officers of the World's Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union:
hkado.cartbrs of the world'B women's)
Christian Temperance. >
The Temple, Chicago. 111.. Nov. 25, 1896.)
To my Comrades and to All Who Love and Trust
tne: From the lirst you bave helped tbe bunted
Armenians by your prayers, your sympathy
and your honest, bard work. Thousands of
them are to-day In comfort or in safety bocauie
of tbe intelligence and devotion with which
you have wrought for our Christian brothers
and sisters and tbe little children on the bleak
and dangerous hillsides, and in those valleys
smitten by outrage an>l murder.
It is a blessed fact that' "patient continuance
in well doing" is tbe foremost quality in a
wbite ribboner, for we must do our first works
over again, "and more also." Hereafter tbe
Armenians can never feel a sense of safety—
at least not in our time. Tbe more forceful
among them are determined to risk all in the
effort to reach freedom, and wbile it is not
for us to strengthen this purpose on tbeir
part, we must hold ourselves in readiness to
help the refugees who are constantly escap
ing from the dominion of the Turks. But we
must not let this work cause us to cease send
ing help to the shelterless and starving who
remain in that hapless country.
We must give money to establish industrial
homes and orphanages for the women and
children, but it must be apparent to all that
if we can help to find homes and work for tbe
starving refugees we have at the same time
helped to set the Armenian people on their
feet and to put a new hope in their hearts for
the future. The sorrowful and outraged
women can do little for their nation. The
vigorous and forceful fHmllies and youth who
have the energy and skill to save themselves
alive by making their escapes are full of
promise for the years to come. They are de
voted to the interests of their country and de
termined to live rather than die for her.
Thousands of them are penniless to-day in
Bulgaria, Alexandria, Marseilles and all along
the border of the accursed Turkish Empire.
It is the purpose of the leaders you have
chosen and who believe they are but carrying
lorwara your wishes into deeds to establish a
home for refugees at some strategic point,
possibly in Bulgaria, which shall belong to the
World's W. C. T. U., and shall testify to tbe
loyalty and tenderness of our society toward
those who most needed our help at a time
when tbe heart of the whole world was
stirred by theirunutterable misery.
May I not, in closing, urge upon all good peo
ple the significance of making Christmas offer
ings this year at least for the most part to the
Armenians who are starving in their own
country, or as a refuge for Armenians who
have escaped, sending In either case to Mrs
Helen M. Baker, treasurer of the National W
C. T. U., the Temple, Chicago. In this prayer
and hODe, I am yours tor the deliverance of
God's most loyal people, Frances E. Willard,
Isabel) Somerset, Apnes Slack, Anna Gordon
Mary Sanderson, general officers World's W
C. T. U.
BURNER LIKE A TINDER-BOX.
Destruction of an Elevator and a Vast
Amount of Grain.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 27.— With a
fierce raw wind blowing from the north
and the temperature four decrees below
zero, a fire broke out this evening at 6
o'clock in t : c elevator of the St. Paul Ele
vator and Warehouse Company, corner of
Third and S . Petersburc streets. It
burn.pd like a tinder-box. Shortly after 7
o'clock tbe structure fell with a crash, the
debris covering the Milwaukee track to a
depth of several feet and temporarily stop
ping traffic on the line. There wer'd 100,
-000 .bushels of grain in the elevator. The
loss is $100,000, covered by $70,000 in
surance.
JVot Cured by the •••'old Cure."*
LEAVEN WORTH, Kanb., Nov. 27.— At
the investigation of the Soldiers' Home
by the Congressional committee to-day
witnesses testified that the old soldiers
were not compelled to taka the "gold
cure" and that brutalities were not prac
ticed. They also testified to the kindness
of Governor Smith, and said they had
never received any ill treatment. Sta
tistics of arrests lor drunkenness in the
home, which were asked for and presented
make a poor snowing for the gold cure'
There were 703 arrests in 1890, while there
were 1102 in 1895.
A Chinese Jtetrctive's Visit.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 27.— Ling Wah
Chung, attended by half a score of ser
vants, is in the city looking up the meth
ods of apprehension and punishment in
cases of crime in this country. Line Wah
Cbung is the head of the great detective
force of the Celestial empire and comes as
the accredited agent of bis Majesty the
Emperor. While in the city be has signi
fied bis willingness to watch every detail
in police and detective work, and nlso to
disseminate bis views upon official ques
tions in a manner that will furnish lessons
for American sleutus.
Cr,llrctrd Political Assessments.
DENVER, Colo , Nov. 27.— A dispatch
from Washington this afternoon reads &s
follows: The Secretary of the Treasury
dismissed William R. Morley, engineer of
the public building, Denver, for collect
ing political assessments from Govern
ment employes in violation of the civil
service law. His case ha« been under in
vestigation by the Civil Service Commis
sion. Mor ley's room in tbe postoffice
building was a political headquarters dur
ing the campaign. The case bas bet-n re
ferred to the Attorney-General for prose
cution of those persons alleged to have
violated the law.
PERMITTED TO LEA WE TURKEY.
Minister Terrell Secures the Departure of
Wives and Children of Ameri
can Citizens.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.-Secre
tary Olney received a cablegram irom
Minister Terrell at Constantinople that
twenty-six women, wives of naturalized
American citizens, with their children,
will leave Harpoot at once under proper
escort for America. Twenty-three women,
also wives of American citizens, will leave
in a few days. The Minister also stilted
that he had been Informed by wire from
Marmosh tbat tbe Governor of that
province facilitated by all means in his
power the departure of all persons on
whose account application for permission
to leave the country is made. This is tbe
first substantial fruit of the concession re
cently secured by Minister Terrell in
behalf of the wives and families of Turks
who have been naturalized in the United
States.
AS TO THE LONG HAUL,
Railroad Companies Petition the Inter
state Commerce Commitsion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.— The
railroad companies doing business be
tween common points in Colorado and
terminal points in California have peti
tioned the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion for relief from the fourth section of
the i nier.-t tte com mere* act so "thai the/
may be authorized in the transportation of
like kinds of property to charge less com
pensation in tlie aggregate tor the longer
distances between Colorado points aud
California terminal points than for shorter
distances over the same lines in the same
direction, the shorter being included
within the longer distance."
Tbey represent in their prayer that
competition with water transportation
Irom Atlantic Coast points tG Pacific mar
kets renders necessary a lower through
rate than they can afford to make on
business which is not carried entirely
through. Tne commission has ordered a
hearing on the petition for December 18.
The companies^ are also ordered to light
their existing tariffs on through and local
business, together with the changes they
wish to make in case suspension of the
law be asked.
STATE OUT OF THE CLUB.
Prince Iturbide Mot a Proper Person
to Asuociate With Gentlemen.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 25.— The
jury in the case of Prince Iturbide, the
adopted heir of the late Emperor Max
imilian of Mexico, against the Metropoli
tan Club of this city to-day returned a
verdict in favor of the club.
Iturbide was expelled by the board of
governors last May upon the charge of
having made certain accusations against
the daughter of a fellow member, ami he
brought suit for a writ of mandamus to
compel the club to reinstate him, alleging
tbat hf had not been fairly tried by the
board of governors.
Judge Bradley, presiding, said that it
was out of the province of tbe court to say
whether or not the governors acted wisely
in applying the extreme penalty lor the
offense charged. The only question at
issue, the Judg« said, was whether, when
Itnrbide was before the governors, he was
fairly and fuliy apprised of the charge
against him ? Iturbide says he will appeal
the case.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Changes Among Postmasters in Several
Smaller Offices.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 27.— The
following Facnic Coast postmasters were
appointed to-day : Karluk, Alaska, A.
Rosanan, vice L. Larson, resigned ; Forest
Home, Amador County, Cal., N. Lam
bert, vice J. Graham, removed; Gar
lock, Kern County, Cal., R. S.
Simpson, vice I. Kelly, resigned;
Denning, vVhatcom County, Washington
J. Gray, vice J. N. Johnson, resigned;
Derby, King County, Washington, W. R.
Peterson, vice E. M. Doree. resigned;
Douglass, Douglass County, Washington,
M. S. Cannon, vice J. Clon'inger, resigned'
Gig Harbor, Pierce County, Washington,
S. H. Fraaklin, vice J. Bale, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Calvin D. Case,
Pasadena; Robert J. Banks, Los Angeles!
Increase— Special. November 18, Major 6.
Davis, Veterans' Home, Napa.
Oregon : Additional— Elisha Johnson,
Florence.
Washington: Original widows, etc.—
Bpecial, November 18, Jacob Phillips
Markham. '
As to Herbert's Report.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 27. -The
following statement was given out by the
Navy Department to-day: Secretary Her
bert's attention being called to published
reports purporting to give the features ol
his forthcoming reports, said tbat all re
ports of this character were purely con
jectural. They are based in part on his
former reporta and on the fact that the
Secretary has received data on various
subjects from Navy Bureau centers. The
Secretary's annual report will be pub
lished in the morning papers of De
cember 8.
W. H. mils in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 27.—Wil
liam H. Mills of San Francisco, land agent
of the Central Pacific Railroad, was here
yesterday on business connected with land
patents for his company, and tonk dinner
at the Hotel Normandie with 8. W. Lamo
reux, United States Land Commissioner.
Condi: ion of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.-To
day's statement of the condition of the
treasury shows: Available casli balance
?227, 876,907; gold reserve, $129,866,185.
SILVER LEADERS
WANT "ORGANS"
They Claim That All the
Influential Press Is Not
With Them.
So They Are Talking Wildly
About Starting Newspapers
in Several Cities.
But tbe Sad Experience of Others in
That Line Should Cool Their
Ardor Somewhat.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 27.— 1t has
been a frequent cause of lament among
silver leaders tbat all the influential press
of the East and West was arrayed against
their cause. Mr. Bryan in his campaign
made several allusions to this, as did
others of his side on the stump. Some of
the silver mine owners have more* than
once in the last three or four years indi
cated an inclination to remedy this, if it
be made practicable. Since the election
there has been a good deal of cheap talk
on this subject, and from the manner in
which some of tbe wiid-eyed silver
orators let themselves loose it might be
imagined that nothing is easier than to
start a newspaper and keep it going.
It bas been given out here that arrange
ments are ou foot to establish newspapers
to be devoted to the advocacy of silver in
Washington, Baltimore and Lousville. It
is asserted, but of this there is absolutely
no evidence, that a large fund bas already
been raised and partial engagements
entered into for a staff of writers and cor
respondents.
However, a damper is likely to be thrown
upon the* dreams of some of these news
paper magnates when they discover what
is really essential for the establishment of
a newspaper in a great city on anything
like a substantial or promising basis.
One of the biggest newspapers of New
York City, which is said to have spent
$10,000,000, is now in the hands of a re
ceiver, and another, which is known to
have thrown away $5,000,000 In a vain ef
fort to get on a paying basis, has very re
cently given up the ghost. No one can
count the money which has been lost in
trying to build up newspapers in that city
and in other cities in competition with al
ready firmly established journals, whose
fonndations are laid in tho respect and
confidence of the people. An experienced
man of business in journalism said to
some of those who ars ambi ious to distin
guish themselves that it would be sheer
folly to think of venturing on a newspaper
enterprise of such magnitude.
PA YING A FOOLISH WAGER.
Young Woodusard Ridint Across the
Continent on a Jionkeff.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— Astride
a small donkey R. Pritchard Woodward,
a young Brooklyn man, 6 feet 6 inches tall,
left the Hotel Bartholdi, Twenty-third
and Madison square, this afternoon bound
for San Francisco, as the result of an elec
tion bet between himself and Benjamin
Lillard, a Brooklyn publisher, which was
made just before the election when Wood
ward offered the bet and Lillard accepted.
It is stipulated in the conditions of tbe
bet that Woodward must pass through
Canton and call on Major McKinley.
From there he ia to go to Lincoln and pay
a visit to Mr. Bryan.
Woodward made his informal start from
Brooklyn at 1 o'clock this afternoon, but
by bis contract he had to go to the "seat
of defeat," the former Democratic head
quarters in the BartholdL
Woodward leaves the city penniless.
He must make his way to San Francisco
within a year and must earn his living as
he goes. He expects to reach San Fran
cisco in eight months. Sbould he not get
there in twelve months he will be com
pelled by bis contract to forfeit a stipu
lated sum of money.
Many young tociety people from Brook
lyn were at tbe Bartholdi to see Wood
ward make his start.
SILVER LEAVERS TO CONFER.
General Warner Will Issue the Call in
a- Few \ Hay a.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 27. —An im
portant conference of leaders in the late
campaign for the free coinage of silver —
Democrats, Populists, Republicans, Silver
party and American Bimetallic Union rep
resentatives — will be held in Washington
about December 10. The call for the con
ferenc9 will be issued next week early by
General A. J. Warner, president, and
Georga E. Bowen, secretary of the Amer
ican Bimetallic Union.
Secretary Bowen said to-day to a re
porter for the United Associated Presses
that he was waiting to receive the form of
the call from General Warner or instruc
tions to issue it himself. He said it was
expected Mr. Bryan would be present to
offer a.ivice and be consulted regarding
tbe best plan to solidify the free silver
forces and conduct an aggressive educa
tional campaign under organization if
possible. The idea is to hold the silver
forces together and lose no ground during
the next four years, besides making new
converts to the cause. Senators Jones,
Butler, Teller, Dubois and Pettigrew;
Governors Altgeld and Stone, Messrs!
Wasbburn and Towne and the executive
committee of the Bimetallic Union com
mittee are expected to be present.
BLACKBURN IN THE RACE.
Declares That He Xs a Candidate for Xe
elrction as Senator.
VERSAILLES, Ky., Nov. 27.— 1n an in
terview this evening Senator Blackburn
announced that he was a candidate for re
election and that he would be in tbe fight
to the bitter end. He said that if Gover
nor Bradley was a smart man he Would
not call an extra session of the Legislature,
and that body, if it chose a United States
Senator, would not select the Governor.
Senator Blackburn paid his respects to
Spain in very forcible language, and said
that he believed Congress would take a
pronounced stand on the Cuban bellige
rency. In reference to the tariff legisla
tion, he said he did not beiieve that Con
gress would pass any legislation on this
subject.
Receiver for a liailrond.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 27. —In the
United States Court here late this even
ing a petition was filed by Charles Blood
Smith, representing the Farmers' Loan
and Trust Company of New York, pray
ing for the appointment of a receiver for
the St. Louis, Kansas and Southwest m
Railway, and Judge Foster appointed
Dwight Breman of Boston, who is now
here, receiver. The road, whicti is sixty
miles in length, runa from Arkansas Uity
to Mahonev, Kansas. It was a part of the
St. Louis and San Francisco system, but
when the reorganization wa< made re
cently it was not included. For the past
thirty days it has not been operated. The
tru>t company represents the holders of
$700,000 worth of bonds.
DEATH OF A DRUNKEN FATHER.
Shot Down by a Son Whom He Was
Trying to Kill With a
Rifle.
STRATTON, Nkbr., Nov. 27.— J. W.
Burney of this city was to-nieht shot and
killed by his son, a young- man 21 years o:
age. The deed was provoked by the* elder
Burney, who threatened the life of the
youth. The tragedy occurred at the fam
ily residence. About supper time Mr.
Burnev, who has been on a prolonged
spree since the election, procured a rifle
and repairing to his home demanded that
Mrs. Burney call the "kid" as \he time
bad come when he must shoot both of
them. The young man happened to be in
an adjoining room and overhearing the
conversation came out only to be con
fronted by his father, who pointed the gun
at him. At first the boy begged the en
raged man to spare his life, but without
avail. As the father drew back to cock tbe
rifle young Burney seized his own gun,
which stood near by in a corner, and be
fore the drunken man could again take
careful aim, sent a ballet into his father's
breast Mr. Burney expired in half an
hour.
Fixing the Penalty at Death.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 27.— The jury in
the Burt murder trial returned a verdict
this afternoon of guilty of murder in the
first degree and fixing the penalty at
death. The crime for which Burt was sen
tenced to hang is the murder of bis wife
and two children on July 24 last, when he
murdered them and threw their bodies in
ft well. He then went to Chicago, where
was arrested on August 20. The case will
be appealed.
Out on the Lake in a Storm.
ASHLAND, Wia., Nov. 27.— Nothing has
been beard of the steamer Cumberland,
NEW TO-DAY.
f Now 9 the time to subscribe. wli
I Harper's Magazine f
• (It jrf—uAj V fOB DECEMBER i^i dL «\
f^^^ " BEGINNING OF A NEW VOLUME "^ /p2^!x\
W iro PAGES— BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED - (&
(4 THE MARTIAN g)
JOk The Last Novel by George dv Maurier. Part ill. A.
JV « Poultney Bigelow'S second paper on \/^'
f WHITE MAN'S AFRICA #
fhas for its subject .pi
) ; PRESIDENT KRUGER (#
fib OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES. By W. D. Howells. Personal Rec- 'MV
KW Elections of the Autocrat of the Breakfast Table. 1&/
A. HOW THE LAW GOT INTO THE CHAPARRAL. By Frederic /L
fj . Remington. Showing the Texas Rangers as pioneers of civilization in '(«
Jf^ the Southwest. With seven spirited pictures by the author. qT
(A A MIDDLE-ENGLISH NATIVITY. By John Corbin. The miracle /V:*
\B» plays performed by strolling actors, in which the English drama had its '%J
O\ beginning. Selected from plays with a Christmas theme. With four illus- JJ
<&] trations. By J. R. Weguelin. -; , fjl
(^-V. SIX SHORT STORIES
\ V * OCTAVE THANET HOWARD PYLE " W /m
§1 RUTH McENERY STUART GERTRUDE HALL V«!
■ m y. HENRY GALLUP PAINE ANNIE TRUMBLJLV SLOSSON
>< 35 cents a Copy $4 00 a Year *./'
tjj) HARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, N, Y. Wl
j BUTTONS?
1 AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
I with each package of
I SWEET CAPORAL
I CIGARETTES
|| AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE
■ I' A COLLECTION OF BUrfONS
M WITHOUT COST.
which left here before the great gale of
Wednesday night. When last seen by the
captain of tb.B steamer Erics'mn the Cum
berland was eight miles ahead of him
The storm at the time was increasing in
violence. The captam of the Ericsson
says it would have been impossible for the
Cumberland to have maiie a harbor in
safety and she must have ridden out the
gale in the open lake.
Orders for ->ew Cars.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 27.— Tho Ohio
Falls Car Manufacturing Company at Jef
fersonville, Ohio, received an order from
he Sierra Madre and. Pacific Railway in
Mexico for 150 boxcars, seven passenger
coaches, a private car and three cabooses.
In consequence of this order and other
orders received from roads in the United
States the car works will resume opera
tions next Tuesday, December 1. Four
hundred men will be given employment
and this force will be increased to 2500 by
January 1.
«.
Cleveland's Guards Careless.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— A Sun
special from Washington says: It has
just been discovered that President Cleve
land's night bodyguard of policemen have
been in the habit of sleeping all night and
in consequence there has been a shaking
up of the White House force.
Rilled Xepheie and Himself.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Nov. 27.— A few
miles west of Burlington to-day, Georee
Wilber, 58 years old, shot and killed
Emory Flagley, his nephew, 17 years old,
of Carmen, 111., and then committed sui
cide. Wilber was temporarily deranged*
Wreck of a Coal Train.
MASCOUTAH, 111., Nov. 27.— A coal
train was wrecked at Reitchter station,
three miles west of here to-day, and Con
ductor C. C. Kieffer was killed. Brakeman
M. Teneck was injured internally and
Brakeman W. S. Kelly slightly hurt.
Suicide of a Merchant.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.- Harry
Hackes, 45 years of age, a member of the
clothing firm of Lippman & Hackes, com
mitted suicide by shooting, this mornin<,
in Central Park. 11l health is given as the
cause.
34
GUAYAQUIL WAS
RAZED BY REBELS
The Fire That Destroyed the
City Followed a
Battle.
Heavy Fighting on the Streets
of the Republic's Pic
turesque Capital.
Wives and Daughters of the Insur
gents in the Thick of the
Engagement.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Nov. 27.— The Brit
l»h sloop-of-war Wild Swan arrived yes
terday afternoon from Guayaquil, via
Acapulco. It brings an interesting story
of the ereat fire tuat devasted Guaya
quil, the ancient capital of Ecuador, on
October 6. From the officers of the
Wild Swan and from the newspapers they
bring it appears that the fire waa started
by the rebels who had Deen in the city
fighting the Government troops a few
days before. The Wild Swan had been
sent to Guayaquil from Callao to protect
British interests during the conflict, and
when hostilities seemed to have ceased it
returned to Callao, having the British
Minister to Guayaquil aboard. The
steamer had not been long in Callao be
fore orders were received to hasten back
to Guayaquil, as fire had destroyed the
greater part of tne city. Clothing, pro
visions and means cf shelter were ordered
to be taken along.
The Wild Swan arrived at Guayaquil on
October 19 and found two-ttiirds of the
city in ashes. The poorer people had al
ready been attended by several relief so
cieties organized in the city, and supplies
had been received from Chilean and Pern
vian vessels sent for the purpose by those
governments.
"The poor people were the last to com
plain of the fire," said an officer of the
Wild Swan. "They seemed to like the
idea, and were better clothed, fed and
sheltered than they had ever been before.
Some were in favor of burning the rest of
the town, so as to keep up the stream of
charity flowing in upon them. We had
hard work to get r:d of our supplies. No
body wanted the provisions, as there were
plenty, and we had 1200 pieces of clotuing,
some of which were entirely new.
"We saw no sign of trouble upon our
second visit, the rebels having been driven
into the mountains. But the beautiful
city, one of the most picturesque in the
tropics, lay desolate. I took a number of
photographs of the city before and after
the lire, and one can see by them the ter
rible loss of property. Among the build
ings desiroyed was the Church of Santo
Domingo, which was believed to be the
oldest m South America. It stood on an
eminence, an extremely beautiful build
in?.
"On our first visit, just before the fire,
we saw some lively fighting in the streets
between the rebels and the Government
troops. 0- course neither sid« dared to
attack the British legation or meddle witn
British property, as we would have opened
fire at once. The slaughter in the streets
on one occasion was tremendous. The
rebels were in some cases accompanied by
tneir women, who rede astride, carried
ritles and displayed me createst bravery.
I saw a big lellow shot off his horse and
trampled under foot, while a woman who
rode with him, probably Lis trie, stood
her ground and poured hot shot into tne
enemy until ne retreated. Then she
managed to cet her mate across tne saddle
and rode away with the rest of tne gang
toward the mountains. They made seve
ra^sorties while we were there an dkept
tUe city in constant terror."
From a Guayaquil nev\<paper it was ap
parent that the war teeiitu: was at fever
heat just before the tire. One advertise
ment revealed this particularly. It was
dated at a little town near Guayaquil, and
said :
"1, Eusebio Villandon de Copay, will
pay any man 10,000 sucres (about % 5000)
lor the head of the infamous Alejandro
Rotates, now with me iHameless violators
of their country."
It was related that thp rebel bad led a
small party that visited the country estate
of Villand in and despoiled his household.
"Now tiiat the ruthless vet insignificant
rebels have been driven like r^ts into the
confines of the iranta Anas," said one
newspaper, "let them be pursued with
diligence and killed without mercy or
quarter. It is enougb that our beloved
country should bave harbored such
wretches without being called upon to
endure tneir further existence within her
borders. L,et the de-str yers of our coun
try's honor ba wiped out as a foul stain of
blood froni a glittering blade. Praise to
the undaunted general, Enr.que Gailardo,
who pursues the villain Nunez aod his
deformed crew."
The Wild Swan mailed from Guayaquil
on November 3, and nad excellent weatner
all the way up, except for the past two
days, when the tail end of the northern
gale wus struck. This caused the steamer
to battle asain.it a strong head wind into
San Diego. After taking on coal here it
will proceed to Esquimau.
Ban Pedro-Smn liiego Steamer*.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 27.— A proposi
tion was made to-day to the Chamber of
Commerce by M. D. Adams of this city,
representing San Diego and Los Angeles
persons, looking toward the establishment
of a fcniall steamer line between San
Pedro and this port. The object is
to afford competition against the
Southern Cali.ornia Railway, which
is alleged to discriminate against San
Diego in the matter of tourist travel dur
ing tbe winter month', when the travel is
Heaviest. It is proposed by the new com
pany to put on a comfortable passenger
steamer and make a rate of $1 either way,
making three trips per week. This plan
was tried two years ago, and did not prove
an entire success, but the poor accommo
dations of the steamer were given as the
cause.
The »»ino Murder Trial.
FREBNO, Cal., Nov. 27.— The trial of
Indian Jake for the murder of his two
year-old stepson was continued in Judge
Church's court to-t'ay and the introduc
tion of testimony was noisned.
The prosecution offered no evidence as
to the motive of the killing. One squaw
who was sitting inside of the house heard
a shot, followed by an oath from the de
fendant. Another who witnessed the
shooting tesified that Jake did not swear.
The testimony was very unsatisfactory,
the witnesses contradicting themselves
continually. The case will be given to the
}ury to-morrow, and there is little doubt
that the defendant will be acquited.
Sandbrtgard by .Spokan* Thug:
SPOKANE, Wabh.. Nov. 27.— Two foot
pads sandbagged Robert Cheyne. a wealthy
mine-owner from Wardner, Idaho, on one
of the main streets of this city last night,
knocking him senseless. When dis
covered by the rolice it was found he had
been robbed of $6JO and a gold watcti.
THE WALCOTT RETIRED.
No More Deep-Sea Service for the
Revenue Cutter— R pairs for the
Bear and Grant.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 27.—
The United States Revenue Survey Board
fiuished its labors here last evening. The
days of usefulness of the old cutter Wal
cott are over a* far as active service is con
cerned. Twenty-six years of continuous
service has been the portion of the Wal
cott, until now it is deemed tnat she is not
fit fof any more outside service.
The future details of the Walcott will be
within pleasant harbors, and she will be
looked upou as the cutter wilh all the
comforts of a home.
it is understood that all repairs to the
cutters Bear and Grant will be made at
Seattle* It was said some weeks ago tnat
the Dad condition of the boners of the
Bear would necessitate her going to San
Francisco, but this has been found un
necessary. Upon the completion oi her
repairs the Bear wiil make her headquar
ters at Seattle.
The Grant, after coming from the ma
chinists' hands, will be headquartered
here, as will also the Walcott. tine may
become a permanent fixture here at the
port of entry.
Chief Engineer Doyle will have his
headquarters at San Francisco during the
winter, nd in the spring will proceed,
aboard one of the cutters, probably the
Cor win, to Unalaska, where he will mane
his headquarters ashore under the special
detail as chief engineer oi the fleet.
•
McKINLEY'S PRIVATE SECRETARY
The President-Elect Offers the Position to
Perry S. Heath and He
Accepts.
SAN DIEGO, Cal,. Nov. 27.— Perry 8.
Heath, chairman of the literature com
mittee ot the Republican campaign, left
this city yesterday for ttie North after a
short visit. After his departure it was
learned, through a friend in whom he con
fided, that Mr. Heath has beeu offered and
has accepted the portfolio of private sec
retary to President-elect McKinley, when
the major takes up the duties and respon
sibilities of chief magislra c next March.
••You can say," said Mr. Heath's friend,
"that this is positive and bual and comes
from Mr. Heath himself. I know he said
he was not seeking a political plum, and
it is true — he already has one. As private
secretary to the President ne will be In
the way of higher preieiment, which his
great ability entitles him to."
JULLEM CATLLE THIEFES.
Prominent Citizens Implicated in a
Prisoner* Confession.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Nov. 27.— David
Putnam was brought to this city yester
day by Constable James Taliey from
Jul<en, and lodged in the county jail on a
charge of cattle stealing. In the afternoon
Putnam was taken before Assistant
District Attorney Kirby aud made a con
fession of a very startling character.
Putnam implicates several of the most
prominent citizens of Julien witn having
a hand in the wholesale cattle stealing in
that section.
Steps will bs taken at once by the
District Attorney's office to bring the
guilty persons wit in the pale
of the law, and when this intention
becomes known in Julien there in
every probability that several hitherto
respected inhabitants will have pressing
business over the Mexican line. The
prisoner, Putnam, according to instruc
tions given by the District Attorney, wr.g
taken back to Julien by Constable Taliey
on this morning's train, aud his assist
ance wiil be used in the apprehension of
the persons implicated.
HUI.O TB.IZFT AT riiESMJ.
Incriminating Letter Stolen From an
Attorney's Offlcr.
FRESNO. Cal., Nov. 27.— United States
Court Commissioner Prince will dismiss
the charge against T. 11. Terry of sending
indecent matter through the mails. He
is forced to take this action because tne
letter alleged to have been written by the
defendant cannot be found.
It was last in the possession of Attorney
J. U. Collins, and he cays it was taten
from a pigeon-hole of his desk iv his
office.
Mrs. Uaugbton, to whose husband and
concerning whom the letter was written,
admitted on the stand that sue had bar
ga.ued to ceil the letter to Terry for $50.
lollins was her attorney, but he aenies
having taken any part in the transaction.
It is understood that the wbole case will
be laid belore the Federal Grand Jury,
Endeavorrr* at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Cal., Nov. 27.— The sixth
annual Christian Endeavor aud fourth an
nual Junior Ciiris.iau Endeavor Conven
tion of the Southern California District
Union opened here at 2:30 o'clock to-day
in the First Presbyterian Church, with
about 200 visiting delegates in attendance.
The convention sermon war preactied by
Rev- Herbert W. Luhe of Pasadena, and
an hour given to five-minute papers by
members of tlio intermediate iea.ue. The
evening session opened with ong-service,
led by Rev. A. W. Ruler ot Los Angeles.
Aute addresses were delivered by Dr. J. A.
Melchonon, a native of Armenia, on
ClirisiUn Endeavor work in that country,
and by Rev. 11. Williams of Redlands
upon "Consecration."
l«f Augrl's Saloonisl'a Suit.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 27.—Appli
cation for a writ of certiorari was iLeu in
the Superior Court this afternoon by John
Brown, in which it is sought to secure a
review by tne court of tne action of the
Police Commission in revoking the plain
tiff's saloon license. He claimed the
board had no authority to revoke the
licenses of retail liquor-dealers.
Carton's A.llegr<t firebug.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 27.— Thomas J.
Hilder brand t was arrested to-day by a
member of the School Board cnarged with
having been the incendiary wno set tire to
tiie public schoolhouie a month ago. A
detective has been in the city for several
weeks at work on the case.
Fire Arar HUmington.
LOS AXGELES, Cal., Nov. 27.— The
bouse of Mrs. Watson, one of the local
landmarks, situated on the Watson
ranch, two miles north of Wilmington,
was destroyed by fire this afternoon. Ail
of its contents were destroyed. The ranch
is a part ol the Dominguez estate.
MGaslund Minn Explosion.
SPOKANE, WA6H.. Nov. 27. — Two
miners, W. Poltenow and A. McDaniels,
were thawing out giant powder at the Alf
mine, near Ro-sland, to-day. The powder
exploded, fnghtiuliy mangling both.
Poitenow will die, but McDanielß may
recover.
I»i ivt-ii J'n.jii Hume.
Jimmy— How do. Bill?
Bill— He 10, Jimmy. Has thar heerd
abuwi Creegan's dawg?
"No; what's up wi' it now?"
"They canna tind it."
"Why, has it run away?"
"No, not exactly that. Yer see. some
body touid old Cree«an to put paraffin oil
on it "cause it were troubled wi' fleas.
Boon after he put th» oil on ne went out
for a bit and left the dawp in frento' the
fire to dry. When he got back there was
two fleas on th' heartnrug singing 'Driven
From Home,' but there was no sign o' the
dawgtheer." — Spare Moments.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
MURDER ENDS A
MARRIAGE FEAST
An Assassin Fires Upon a
Ritzville Wedding
Party.
One of the Bridesmaids Fatally
Wounded by a Charge of
Buckshot.
Suspicion Points to a R j;cted Suitor,
Who Sought to Kill the
Bride.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 27.-The fes
tivities following the marriage of Henry
Oxshire and Miss Anloof, near Ritaville,
Wash., last night, were suddenly termi
nated by an awful tragedy.
While the guests were seated around
the banqnet table the report of a gun was
heard; a charg* of buckshot shattered a
window and Miss Ida liauers, one of the
bridesmaids, fell from her chair to tbe
floor, where she iay moaning, while blood
flowed from a dozen wounds In her head.
The scene of revelry suddenly changed
to one of wildest excitement. Horror
stricken guests rushed to the side of tbe
unfortunate woman, who was lifted up
tenderly and borne to a coach in an inner
room.
While some of the gentlemen hastened
to town for a physician, the others began
a search of tbe vicinity for the would-be
assassin, but although they did not relin
quish the bunt until daylight they failed
to find any oue toward whom suspicion
might point.
When a doctor at last arrived Miss
Bauers was seemingly in a dying condi
tion. Her nose bad been thot away, a
portion of her left ear bung by ( a thread,
two shots baa entered her left eye and
three bad furrowed seams across her scalp.
The young woman swooned soon
after she bad been picked up from the
floor, and at latest accounts had not re
covered consciousness. The physician in
attendance says there is no hope for her
recovery.
It is believed that the fiendish crime was
committed by a rejected suitor for the
hand of the bride.
The theory is tbat he fired at his success
ful rival's wife, but either his aim was bad
or he mistook Miss Bauers for his in
tended victim. Since tbe tragedy this
man has been missing and no trace of him
can bs found. The people of R.tzvilie are
enraged to the point of frenzy, and if the
wretch is captured hie liie would not be
worth a farthing.
SAN JOSE ELECTION CONTEST.
J. D. Kelsey, Republican Candidate for
Assemblyman, Demands a Recount
of Ballots.
iSAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 27.— J. D. Kelsey,
Republican candidate for Assembly
man in the Fifty - fifth District at
the late el ctions, to-day began suit
in the Superior Court, contesting the
election of J. J. .McLaurin, the Democratic
and People's party candidate, who was
declared elected by fourteen votes. In
the complaint Kelsey alleges that he was
counted out by reason of having been de
prived of votes which should rightfully
have been counted for him. Other vo;es
credited to McLaurin, the contestant
claims, should bave been counted, and he
declares that a recount will show that he
was elected.
GLAD HE IS A MURDERER.
Th* Slayer of Vineero Lobrllo Rejoices
Over Bis Crime.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. Robina
Grabiella, who cut Vincero Lubeilo's
throat during a row on Park avenue, near
the Guadalupe Creek, last nieht, was
charted with murder by the Coroner's
jury to-night. Grabiella has confessed,
and says he is glad he did it, and is will- i
ing to hang for the crime. There had
been a feud between the men for some
time, md the murderer claims that about
a year ago Lobello attempted to kill aim.
Chief of Police Kid ward has sworn to a
complaint charging Grab ella with mur
der, and he will be arraigned upon the
charee to-morrow.
Fail to Identity the Body.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 27.— Coroner Se
cord this moruing Ueld an inquest at
Alviso over the bony of toe unknown man
found in Alviso Slouch yesterday. The
body was that of ar man about 50 years of
age. It had been in the water about a
motitb, and was entirely nude. It it
thought the remains were'wnshed in from
the Day. The inquest faied to develop
any facts concerning tne case.
Kermttu o/ Aation*.
BAN JOSE. Cal., Nov. 27.— The Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society will hold a kermess of
nations at Turn Verein Hall during the
week commencing Monday, December 7
Tlie different countries will be represented
Dy ladies and gentlemen dressed in Na
tional costumes. A musical programme
will be given each evening, followed by
dancing.
Tictorv Lodge t.lrct* ■ Officer*.
BAN JOBE, Cal., Nov. 27— Victory
Lodge, Sons of St Ge< rge, have elected
the following officers for the ensuing
term: H. Peace, worthy president* J
Knight, vice-presidtn;; E. W. Maynard'
secretary; J. B. Cambers, treasurer; C. H*
Stowe. messenger; J. Hogarth, assistant
secretary; W. Gee, trustee.
RatUmv Through JSan Carlo*.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Nov. 27.— The Globe
and Gila VaKey Railroad has Deen granted
rigut of way through the San Carloß
Indian reservation, and construction will
oe pushed immediately. It is expected
tbat the line will be completed in uinety
anys. This new road will prove of irreat
benefit to the mining iudubtrtesof Central
Arizona.
Prndleion'* Void Snap.
PENDLETON. Ob., Nov. 27. — The
weather last night was the coldest known
in this section for years. The mercury
reached 24 degrees b low zero. Water
pipes in all parts of the ciiy burst this
morning and considerable damage was
done. The scourin^-mMt closed down to
day on t.ccount of burst pipes. Half of
the private houses suffered, the plumbers
reaping a harvest.
inn Qumtion Wl>n*»l Laing
VICTORIA, B. C. Nor. 27.— The Bering
Be* Claims Commission resumed its ses
•ion this morning, when the Hon. Mr.
Peters, senior Canadian counsel, filed the
remainder of the tiriiiab claims and ap
plied for an order to examine de benesse
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castor ia.
Andrew Laing, a I witness in the case of
the schooner ward, which -was made
with the proviso that the * American
counsel would * t not : , object. None of the
latter were present, and the session was a
very brief one.
'■ — ♦ : .
IN PRISON WITHOUT CAUSE.
An Acquitted Prisoner Held Awaiting
Judge Welborn's Recovery From
Illness.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 27.—B£cir
cumstances unprovided for by the United
States statutes Wong Fong, a Chinese, has
been kept a prisoner in the County Jail
seven weeks after the United States
Supreme Court decided he should bave
his liberty. About ten months ago Wong
was arreste •}, charged with being unlaw
fully in this country. He was examined
by United States otlioia ls nereand ordered
deported. He appealed the case to the
Supreme Court.
Since his arrest Wong has been confined
in the County Jail, where United States
prisoners are kept. With characteristic
slowness no motion was made Jn Wong's
c«se until seven weeks ago, when the court
decided he should not be taken back to
China, as he had a perfect right in this
country. One other process remained be
fore Wong could obrain his liberty, and
that was for United States District Judge
Welborn to sign in open court the order
for his release.
Judge Welborn has been ill for the past
two months and unable to bold court, so
Wong has had to chafe in the County Jail
on account of this technicality. He will
have to wait until Judge Welborn opens
court again and signs the order. Wong
threatens to sue the United Stales for
damages.
MRS. GUTIERRIT IN TROUBLE.
Working- Woman Sues the Putative Hid(w
of hac-Gnvernor Pae.heeo.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 27. -Mrs.
Annie Thomas, a working-woman, has
be^un suit against Mrs. E. Gutierrez to
recover several hundred dollars. Accord
ing to Mrs. Thomas, the defendant sent
Serenita, her daughter, to the plaintiff
and represented that she wanted to bor
row some money.
As security she would give a mortgage
on certain valuable lots on Adams street.
Mrs. Thomas consented, and, though she
can neither read nor write, the supposed
mortgages were produced and she made
her mark on them and handed over the
cash. Mrs. Gutierrez failed to pay the in
terest, and Mrs. Thomas bad the case
investigated by Deputy Attorney James.
The latter learned that the mortgages
had been on lots in Ea?t Los Angeles and
not on Adams street and had been signed
by Mrs. Gutierrez's minor cnild. A crimi
nal action will be brought if the defendant
fails to settle.
Mrs. Gutierrez is well known in San
Francisco/ having figured in a sensational
suit, in which she claimed to bave been
married to ex-Governor Pacheco.
TRIAL OF WHITAER ATTACHES.
Only One Juror su-om Out of a Venire
nf Forty- Eight.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 27. -Great
difficulty is being experienced in securing
a jury in Justice Young's court to try
Superintendent John Cofrin, Mrs. Ellen
J. Wilson, Miss Germain and Miss Hen
derson on charges of having committed
battery on Grace Maroney aid other fe
male inmates of Whittier Reform School
by whipping them with leather straps
and otherwise abusing them. Out of a
venire of forty-eifht, only one man could
be found to sit on the jury. All expressed
themselves as being opposed to whipping
girl inmates of the school.
Throu.-li some mistake no venire had
been issued, and Justice Young had to
start deputies out th s morning. This
accounts for the small number of men
brought to be examined. The cane was
continued until Tue^day, when a sufficient
number of men wiil be in attendance to
secure most of the jury. The case will
be bitterly fought at every point. Di trict
Attorney Donnell has " charee of the
prosecution in person. W. E. Arthur ap
pears for the delendants.
FROSTS IN THE BOETH,
The Orange Crop Has So Far -Escaped
Ih*\r Jl-lijhtiug t.ffect*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. Frost
sufficiently severe to kill tomatoes,
bananas and other, tender plants visited
this section last night, and in consequence
gave rise to the gravest apprehension re
garding the safety of the orange crop, now
conceded to be the largest and most valu
able ever produced in the State.
The hejivy frost started the railroad peo
ple to think at an early hour this morn
ing. They, too, feared for the orange crop.
The heads of all the freight departments !
wired to their agents at Riverside, High- j
lands, Redlands and other big orange- I
growing points for information as to the j
extent of the damage to the crops, liv 10
o'clock reports h- d been received from all •
the agents to the effect that not an orange i
bad suffered from Jack Frost's first visit
of the .season. The weather man, how
ever, predicts a severe and possibly killing
frost to-night.
MENORD A DICTMENTS.
Two Count* Jtelurned Against Alleged
Offender:
MERCED, Cal., Nov. 27.— The Grand
Jury has adjourned alter bringine in two
indictments for offenses committed in this
county. J. S. Collins and D. D. Dowse
are now confined in the County Jail, in
dicted by the jury for murder. This is
the case that attracted so much attention
here a few months ago, when the two men
now under arrest snot an unknown ruan
for resisting anest by themselves «s Con
stables, 'lucy were discharged a:ter the
Coroner's inquest and me preliminary
hearing before the Justice.
* Tbe other indictment is against John C.
Dewey and charges him with mutilating
the public records by cutting a deed from
one of the books in the 'Recorder's office
and otherwise de.acing the records.
Dewey was arrested in Oakland last night
and the Sheriff has gone to bring him to
Merced.
T.u* Angeles- Salt Lake Bailteny.
LOS ANGELE3, Cal., Nov. 27.— 5. B.
Hy nes, the new general manager of the
Terminal Railway Company, nas returned
from the East. "It is the intention of the
Tciminal people to some day extend their
road to Salt Lake City," faid Mr. Hynes.
"When active steps to this end will be
tak*n is a question I cannot answer. The
intentions of our company are the very
best, as will be seen *ueu the opportune
time for action arrives."
Xot An»rl'B forger Held.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Not. 27— United
States Commissioner Van Dyke this after
noon examined Salvador Wurillo, who im
personated Salvador Moreno, forging the
name of the latter and thus se< uring
money on a tension draft sent to Moreno,
who was in the Native California Troop in
the Civil War. Murillo was held to an
swer in $500.
■Affray at j.ittlr ahaatm.
Y REKA, Cal.. Nov. 27.— Steve Soule, an
old resident of Little £ba«ta, shut Louis
Cook this afternoon, on the Soule farm.
Cook bad purchased a pair of boots from
Soule. They proved unsatisfactory, and
caused a dispute. Soule drew a revolver
and suot Cook, toe bullet entering hi&
mouth. It is feared the wound wilt prove
fatal. Boule came to Yrelta this evening
and gave himself up to the authorities
He claims that Cook attacked him with a
pick handle, and he shot in self-defense.
Cook is an Odd Fellow and a member of
i reka Lodge.
SAW HIS PARTNER
FREEZE TO DEATH
Sufferings of Two Hunters
in the Wilds of
Oregon.
One Succumbs to the Cold and
the Other Barely Escapes
Death.
Tramps for Ten Days Over the
Mountains Without Tasting
Food.
PORTLAND. OR., Nov. 27. —A- O.
Mechlingof Sauk was taken to the hos
pital in Sedro, Snohomish County, on
Tuesday. He was nearly exhausted and
both of his feet were badly frostbitten.
He told a story of horrible suffering, hav
ing been forced to witness the death of a
companion from lreezinjt on the moun
tain side while he was powerless to allevi
ate the dying man's distress. Mechling
for ten days face l a similar fate, having
durinsr that time not tasted a mouthful of
food. He finally reached the camp of
friendly Indians, where he was cared for.
Mechiing and George A. Pierce had
established a camp and provisioned it for
the winter, seven miles northwest of
Glazier Peak, where they expected to spend
the season hunting and trapping. Tney
came out at election time and voted, and
tbe next day Pierce started back, while
Mechling carried the ballots of Sauk
Precinct to Mount Vernon. Mechling
strapped on his pack on November 7 and
started to overtake Pierce, coming up with
him on the alternoon of November 10 well
up to the top of the mountain, it had
been snowing bard for several hours and
Mechling estimated the fall at about ten
feet. When Mechling reached Pierce he
found him exhausted and frostbitten. His
companion refused to go another step.
Persuasion was useless. He worked with
Pierce until 11 o'clock, when he left him
dead in the snow.
Mechling started on toward camp.which
was only one and a half miles distant,
reaching it the next morning at 8 o'clock.
To tiis surprise and discouragement he
found that tbe camp had been burned
during their absence.
The difficulties now to be encountered
would bave struck terror to any man with
'ess nerve and endurance than Mechling.
He could not retrace his steps on account
of tbe deep snow. He had left his pack,
his camp was burned and consequently he
had neither blankets nor food.
Undaunted he started out on another
divide, and after ten days' travel without
food or blankets reached n Siwash camp
twenty-six miles up the Suattle River on
November 21. Tbe Indians helped him to
Sauk on November 22, and he was brought
down tbr Ska-.rit in a canoe to the hospital
on November 23. The surgeons are unable
to stase what will be the result of Mech
iinc's exiosure.
A year a.'O Mechling, in a flgnt with a
bear, was severely torn, and lay in Provi
dence Hospital in Seattle for some time.
Aectdm- Xear San l\mfneV
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., Nov. 27.— A fatal
accident occurred in the Cone Madera
tunnel of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Coast Railroad about 1 o'clock
this morning. Foreman Adams with a
gang of laborers and carpenters are re
timbering the tunnel. It seems that a
bowlder fell irom overhead, striking the
elating on wnich Joseph Bruaaton was
working, and he was thrown off and
fatally injured. He was paced upon a
handcar and brought to San Rafael, but
died half an hour After reaching here.
I>ea'h of a Xorato Veteran.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Nov. 27.— Lewis
0. Spencer, a veteran of tne Civil War,
dieil at Novato yesterday. He was a native
of New Jersey. He was first lieutenant of
Company I, Third Reginaeut, New Jersey
Volunteers.
Starts tH6 HUDYAN Is me
Blood- to HUDYAN Remedy
clrcnlate HUDYAN Treatment
Huron all HUDYAN / to tie M
the parts HUDYAN only at the
of tie HUDY'.N Huflscn
My, and HUDYAN Heiical
tlien yon :HUDYAN Institute.
notice a HUDYAN' No one
letter HUDYAN else lias
feeling and HUDYAN Hndyan.
a letter. HUDYAN No one
lanlooi HUDYAN else can
Cures HUDYAN giyeyon
Nervous HUDYAN Hndyan.
Debility, HUDYAN Bis
Failing HUDYAN Bemedy
Manhood HUDYAN cares.
aid diseases HUDYAN ; It is
of men. HUDYAN safe,
CALX OR WRITE FOR
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton. Market and Ellis
■> Streets.
NEW WESTERN •■ MOTRL, .
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— Ws.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD dc CU.
European plan. - Kooms 500 M »1 SO per Jar, $t
to 9a per week. - $8 to &SO per mourn* • tree u»:.u
! bot and 1 cola : watar : awry room: • ■ Jir» «him ia
every room: eit>vau>r rum nil uiiu. c- . ■ ■ . < ,
XAxx.noA.o tkatel:
WKKK L>AY»-i^avea. F. 9:11 a. h I-*",- w
R*inrntnc— Arrive s. f. 3:25 r «. «'*n T
PIN Da V b-Leave S. F. 6a. k 1 1 ::« ? M 6 i 2fc £
Tlckeu tor sale in MUI Val-ey ©r *- ■ ?* ' d6 *>*
TRIED MANY REMEDIES.
Pains's Celery Compound Was the
Only One That Succeeded.
The essential difference between Paine's
celery compound and the bewildering
number of sarsaparillas and nervines that
its success has brought into existence is
that Paine's celery compound furnishes
just the appropriate nutriment to the
exhausted nerves and securely builds up
the system against disease, while the un-
scientific remedies confuse and add to the
derangement of the organs.
Paine's celery compound not only re-
lieves but effectively and permanently
cures.
The most permanent and direct cure for
debility, nervous weakness, languor and a
"run-down" condition is the strong, reli-
able Paine's celery compound. The rasp-
ing, irriiating effect of a badly nourished
nervous system upon all the organs of the
body ceases when this medicine is used.
Paine's celery compound is the most
advanced nerve and brain strengtbener
and restorer known to meilical science.
Th<» tired, worn-out sufferer who is not
advancing toward health is falling back.
There is no standstill in bad health. One
can endure a headache or a backache once;
one can endure it twice, but the repeated
sick headache and the constant pain in
the back and in the rpgion of tne heart
must be got rid of. F.r the permanent
and posit ye cure o? these unhealthy states
of the body, as evinced by repeated attacks
of rheumatism, neuralgia, sleeplessness <>r
-> -V' nAIX.no AP TRAVXCS '
& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter, '
Leave irom s. p. Ox's Ferrr iandin* loot  '
Market N t ., m 8:00 p. m. .
? PFCIAU $10 „ Tourist aieeo^.
RATES > $1 9 "Kr^ 1 "
For further fnrormatUa apply at < .3* Markae '
■treet (Grand Hotel ucttet omce), H. F. I
RJCHAKD <iKAY. T. H. HOODMAS,
Gen, frafflc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOITUKRX PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC srivrxM.) ... ■:
Trains !*•«»,• >«<■.! nre «lue to nrrlre nt
nan I'UANIiISCO.
Mate— FnoM Notembeb 7, 1.00 P. M-, 1896.— arrivi
•6:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Station*. . . 8:43.v
«iOOa Atlantic Express, Og'len aud Kaet.. 8:43p
7>ooa. Benicia, Vacavllle, Bumscy. Sacra-
. . mento. OroTillo and Reddine via .
Davis 6:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, V«l!c jo, >"apa, ' '
CalUtoga ana Santa Rosa. , 6:15r
SxßOa Niles, .San Jose, Stockton, lone,
' - Sacramento, Marjsvillo and lit d
81u1T.....V;....... ««<■»
•«:80a Peters and Milton.. »7:18p
8:«0 a New Orleans Kiprecs. Raymond ifor
Yosemite), l'resiio. Bakers lieUl.
Banta I'.uiiaia, l.os Angeles, Dem-
' ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
. East r..... 4:45p ■■■
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4r, r ■
0:00 a Vallojo. 6:15* ;
Niles, Ban Jose, LiTermoro and
Stockton 7:15P i
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Sternum «OsOOp
tlt3op Port C'osU and Way Stations f7«43p
•*:««!• Martinez, Kan lUraon, Vullejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, ' Xl Veraiio and '
Santa lloaa 9jlBa
Mi) Benicia, VacaTille, Wo.».lland.
V- Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- ■ -_ •
ville aud Sacranjento 11:13* '
4:30r Niles, San Jose and LiTermore.... 8:45*
4'isUrLcs Aneelcs Express, Stockton.
Fremo, Santa Barbara and I.os ■
Anceli-s 10«43a
4i3op Santa Fe Koiite, Atlantic Express ,
- for Mojave anil Hast 10:43 a !
«i©Op Kuropeau Mail, Ogilou and Cast.... 0:13 a
6jOOp Hiijry&rilii. Nilt-suml Han .105e...... 7:15 a
t7:OOpVallejo.... t~s4sp
7>OOp Oregou Impress, Sacramento, Marys-*
• viile, RetMlng, Portinn.l, Tnget "
Sound ami I'ast 11:13 a !
" Sunset Limited. I ,' • Fresno, Los.
.■:"■'■ Ange'.es, El Paso, Nt\r Orleans
and East ....•.. — ..:......-. §lg;43F
SA!ST\ {TAX IMVI^ION (.Narrow tiangO). !
■i IS A Newark, «Jenterviilc,hii!i.lubo.lclton,
Buuldcr Creek, Cruz ami Wuy ,
5tati0n5..........."...: .;.. OiSOp - |
•2«13p Newark, Osillsilffls. San Jose, flaw
Alinailen, Felton, Uoalder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ..................;... «| I s A
4i1.1i" Nowark, Nun .lose and I ■>* linlos ... U:.lOa
tllt4ApHu terV Excursion. San Jose and . •''•••• .
W»y Sta.t'.oca • ..;.. 17: SO?
I'lIM DIVISION (lhir.l A t.nTiiM-ml sin.)
«i:4aA Hail Joso anil Way Stations (New - T
. Almadeu Wednesdays only) . . ".;•' ltSOp
•:13a Han .In*.;. I'm 1'i,,, , fiatita (,*rnx -
Pacillo rote Paso lloules, Han
• l.vis OMspn, Guudalupc, Surf and • ' ' •
Principal Way .Stall', 113 ."■...■ 7:USr
IO:4Oa San Jons ami Wiiy .Stations 3:03*
11:3Oa Palo Alto ami Way Stations . U.SQp
•a:3or San Mateo, Mcnlo Park. Kan .lose,
Cilroy, Tres Vinos, Hauta On«,
' ... _■ D Sali , naB . M ontorry »»H l aciUcGroTe Mo:4oa
*.l:aop Sou Jose and Way buttons ."....... 0:50 a.
•■ItSOi-San Jose ami Way Stations..-.;.. . *8:10 a '
£&!! c " 1086I 086 an<l , Pf'aciml Wuy Stations "8:50 a
San Joso ami Way Stations. :.-...:.. «-.:tr> A
tll>4si- San .u.ph!:.'. WuvK>:,;..,, f7:l»p
NA> LaMlltO AM) iUYWAKI^-TTTFTf "
i'O:OOa 1 ■ " — 7 T-tal'
Biooa • - . | H,-l-!t '
«./... £»M.>A
io oS Melrose, Seminary Park, iV!j%f
• "£:?,►£ B r ,SanLe«dro Vf-I'^
« • .::_:.. .»*■-■■•■ ■ ■.•«S?:!
££•?* i Hajward*.
2 ! »op . . vkUsp
S:0Op , *• •■ - •; • - 9-15p
' 9:0«p i Runs through to Nile*. 10:50*
tt« map J tFromKlies. [ ftlg-OOr •
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .::-r
fnm SIB mstlSCO— Foot of lUrktt Street (Slip 8) — ," '■
*":16 .9:00 v 11:00 a.m. tl:00 '2:00 . J3.-C0
•i:00-; 15:00 . '6:00 p.m.
rroaOllllllß— root of Bro<rwiT.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a ji. U2:00 " •1:00 t8:00 - *3:00 tl:0fl
"5;00i-.m. .-■■■ . .'■ :■■■■ ■■ -. . .•.,--■•:■ ,•.-• .;-
-■ • A for Morning. P for Afternoon. 1- • -
• Sundays excepte«l. '•'■'■ ' . ', :■, t Saturdays only. •
•"!••■:>- ' t Sunday* only - - :
-' _1t Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights 0n1y. .: '-•
"TTuesdajg ana Saturdays. § Sundays and 1 hnrsdaya, .
kidney trouble there is nothing to be com-
pared for a moment with the great dis>
covery of Prof. Edward E Phelps, M.D.,
LL.D., of Dartmouth medical school —
Paine's celery compound.
If you are out of health or despondent
because of repeated trials of other reme-
dies take a fresh start. The bracing
weather U in your favor.
Here is the experience — If-'a tbatof hun-
dreds of others — of Mrs. Lydia M. Hayden
of Marion, Ind. :
"Before commencing tho use of Paine's
celery compound I was treated by many
doctors and tried many remedies, but did
not get any be ter. I seemed to be all
broken down. I was tired all the time
and my constitution ceemed to be giving
out. I weighed only 115 pounds last fall
when I commenced using Paine's celery
compound. In less than two months I
weighed 124 pounds, an unusual weight
for me. I have bad better health ever
«ince, and have felt better this summer
than I have for years. ,
"My little daughter was away from
home on a visit and came home looking
as if she had had a hard sickness. I went
right away and got her a bottle of Paine's
celery compound, and she ha** had better
health since tiian she ever had in her life,
eata hearty and is crowing fast."
There is no woman who. In justice to
herself, can fail to take Paine's celery
compound under similar clrcum«tances.
RAItROAD TRAVEL.
M FRAMISCO& NORTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.U.; 13:S\
8:30; 6:10. 6:30 P. *. Thursdays— Extra trta
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Kxira trips m 1:54
•nd 11:30 P. M.
Bl.MjaVs-vuO, 9:30, .11:00 a. M.; '. 1:30, 3:3%
6:00. H:'2or. v. ; '
san Rafael to •»n rr»T«cI«oo. "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. «..
12:45. 8:40, 6:10 r. v. Saturdays— i£xtritrln«
at 1 :S5 p. m. and 6:3 j P. it \- *rm
BCM)AVS-B:.u, 9:iU, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:411
S:00, 0 :25 P. v. rmv * *""*
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park tarns
schedule as above. < '
Leave **„+ Arrive !"""*
Ban Francisco. Oct. 14? s * n Pf*netaoa,"
Wm f Bus- L»es\S£Mloa. B^'- I Wkk«*
DATa. I cats. " e »"^M"ion* PATa> I DAY m.
7:80 am 1 8:00 ax Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pk|9:3o ax Petaiuma, 6:10 px 10:25 am
6:10 pm; 6 :0O pm: Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm! 6 .22 rm
: ■ -•■ Fulton, ————__»
130 am Windsor, 10:2 ft Am
. 1 Healdsburg,
i ytlou,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?B pm 6:22 rm
j Heta, '
i Hqpland &
7:30 am 8 .00 am 1 Uktah. . 7:35 px 6:2»p»
1 am ~j '. "~ ~~ 10:25 am
8 :00 ax QaernerUle. 7 :35 pm
S:Sopm " I 8:23 PM
7:30 ax 8:00 am Sonoma 10 -.40 ax 8:40 am
; , and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 r*
iiiopxig&pxi -*-">*■ 1 10*0 am 110:8 .am
3 .30 PM ; 5 :»O pm ! JlUMt °l w '- | (j : 10p M j 6:22 PM
ftiicea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We«
Springs; at Geyserville for Skn*«s Nprinrv at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hl«nl»n<l
springs, KPlseyvllle, Soda Bay and i^krport; ac
HopUnd for 1-akeport and Barrett Sprint*; at
Ultiah tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluj
Lakes, Laurel Del! Lake, Upper Lave, Homo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llexteys. Back*
nells, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Boonevllle.
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocioo city.
Fort Bragg, Westport, • Cs*!, Wlliets. Canto, Co-
velo, Layionvllle. Harris, Scot!* and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atredosai
rates. ■ ■' . ■■ ;■ •- • •
: On Sundays round tickets t* all points t>*
Fond ban Rafael at half rates,
Ticket Offlrps. «80 Market st., Chronicle bnna\a»
H.OL WHITING.. b.x.rya*.
___^ O«n. Manager. Gen, Pan. Ageafc
Atlantic -t^^^^s
Mar itif J?&ir&^§x\
KAILKOAD i^^^^^^^
Trains leave anj irriva "f^^^fKr^^^t
Alarket-Strest i'exry. . 'S&sE&ljiSa&Ste
SANTA EXPRESS. : 11111
To Chicago via A. & F.fcS^o^S^tlE
:'. 'Direct Line . WO^4S3^^693
Leaves da ly at :30 p. m., carrrine ?uliman Palace
lirawlng-room and | Modern I Upholsterrd Tourtn
t-leeiilut:-cars. which run dally tbrou :h 10 Chicigo
via Kansas . City. ■ I Annex car* lor Denver and Si.
.Louis. ,:•-.•.. .,{ <iz ■■■:■ -. » ,-■ , ■>■.■..■»
• Boston KxcurMons, ▼ a Kansas • City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
'1 • esday. y■■ ■ . < , ■ . - t  ■■■' t?h\
The heat railway- from California to the East.
Xew rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meala 10 Harvey's dining-rooms. ;,■ r >
Saa Francisco Ticket Office, 044 -Market
St., Chronicle t.uildiug. Telephone Hals
1031. Oakland; 1113 Broadway. :
SOOT PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
V -; (Vl* Sausalito Ferry}. "■'•■
Fma Baa Francisco, Cotuuit'ncias Sept, 13. 139 i,
*"- ; " : WEEKDAY*
For Mill. Valley ana » tori Kai ael— *7 l3s, -»9 tIBL
ll:.iO a. M. •1:45.-8:45, »6:15. •5:45,6:30 P.it
Extra trips for Sa: i Kafuel on Mondays. \Vedne»
days ana bAturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
■;.-:-.■-"■„.; SU.NDAYS.  .......
For Mill Valley and Pf n Rafael— •B:oo, •10:01
•iI:3J », m. : •l:.,0. 3:00, «4:-0. 6:i5» m.
Trains marked • run to ban Uuentin.
THROUGH .TRAINS.BECOMES OWNER
OF ALL JUNEAU
The Alaska Town Site Now
in the Possession of
One Man.
Declared to Be His by Right of
a Mineral Claim Filed
Years Ago.
Had Relinquished His P. pers to
Escape Lynching at the Hands
of Citizens.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 27.—
Eieht years of litigation, during the
progress of which one of the principals
had a narow escape from being lynched by
' a mob, has just been terminated, and the
- man who almost lost his life because he
upheld his rights is vow tbe owner of the
• greater part of the flourishing town of
Juneau, Alaska. His claim, as approved
by tbe United States Land Office, gives
him title to all the business and a greater
: part of the residence portion of the grow
. ing settlement.
It was in 1886, after several others had
filed and abandoned, that A. A. Goldstein,
' a prominent merchant, located on a mm.
. eral claim which included nearly the
whole of the present site of Juneau.
' More than the necessary amount of
assessment work was done to secure the
- patent, and when two years late a regular
• application for a patent was made the
citizens awoke to the importance of the
matter and began a concerted movement
to kill it
In November, 1888, a mass-meeting was
held, attended by 300 citizens of Juneau.
Goldstein was brought by force before this
meeting, where a demand that he aban
don the claim .was made. This he refused
to do, but agreed, in the event of securing
" a patent, to deed, free of charge, to actual
. occupants, all property improved or held
by them. The offer was declined with the
threat that if Goldstein did not at once
abandon tbe land and give up his papers
he would be lynched. To save his life
Goldstein agreed and did turn over the
official documents, demanding only to
■ know who received them. United States
Commissioner (now Marshal) Willsans
and W F. Reid were appointed a commit
tee to accept them, and since that time all
• efforts to find the documents have failed.
Goldstein's assertion that he would
secure justice if possible was met by
threats against his life, but he hired an
attorney and prepared for the struggle.
The citizens elected a trustee and applied
for a town site patent. To the granting of
this Goldstein objected. The case was
heard before the local Land Office at
Sitka and was decided against Goldstein,
lmmt diately an appeal was taken to the
General Land Office at Washington City,
where, after dragging along for over a
year, it lias finally been decided, accord
ing to private advices, in favor of Gold
stein.
During the time the litigation has been
in progress the fireat mining discoveries in
ana about Juneau have populated and pros
pered the piace until to-day Goldstein's
holdings are worth, at the lowest estimate,
a half-million dollars. The greatest ex
citement prevailed in Juneau upon the re
ceipt of the decision. While it will be of
great advantage to Goldstein, it consti
tutes a blow from which it will require
years for the business interests to recover.
•In connection with tbe case Goldstein
now has pending suits for damages against
Williams and Reid and against Orville T.
.Porter, ex-officio Surveyor-General, who
refused to turn over a copy of the official
papers on hie in his office.
FOX HUNTING IN
SAN MATEO COUNTY
A Pack of Hounds Coining
' j From the East With
Foxes.
. Burlingame Club Organizing
.. the San Mateo Hunting
Club.
A shadow has fallen upon the San Rafael
paper chase. The sport is to be eclipsed
so that horsemen with any regard for their
reputation as such will have to look upon
' chasing trails of shredded paper as so much
child's play. Then of course it will be
beneath the dignity of the fortunate pos
sessor of high bred hunters, and naturally
all the rest who follow them, to seriously
Beauties of the Pack as They Will Appear at tar i~ig*mu
regard it in the nature ot country sport.
Instead of paper hares and trails across
the fields the bay of the hounds will coon
be heard and the "piping horn," and
above ail else wiil ring out the cry remind
ful of crisp frosty days "tallyho! tallyho!"
For California is to have its pack of
English foxhounds, and the San Mateo
hills are to be stocked with genuine Eng
lish foxes. And soon the rivalry among
gentlemen who follow the hounds will be
largely confined to capturing the "brush,"
or to be particular where this term may
appear technical, the tail of the fox.
After that will come the struggle for foxes'
beads to decorate the staliß of winning
horses.
Burlingame will then be strictly in good
iorrn. It will have its red coats, its whip
per-in, its master; and San Mateo County
its red coated fox-hunting squires. This
will be truly English, you know, bui to be
au fait nowadays, such things are neces
sary. The good old sport will be the fad
of Burlingame, and already it has given
new life to that aristocratic club within
tlie exclusive precincts of which fox
hunting has become the favorite topic of
conversation. On the polo ground
between innings members discuss hounds
and foxes with the ladies, at dinners they
talk about five-barreJ gates, and the fair
ones sigh for stone fences and trim hedge
rows wbi.e reconciling themselves with
ordinary California cow fences ani the
like.
Even now there is a pack of fox
hounds on the way from N<-w York, where
the dogs were bought by WalterS. Hobart.
They were shipped by rail Wednesday
last and are expected to arrive here in the
course of a week. The pack consists of
nineteen pairs, or thirty-eigtit hounds in
all. The kennel will be at San Mateo,
whence the first nunt will start as soon as
the dogs are well rested after their trip
across the continent.
With them, though in another train, a
goodly supply of English red foxes is b ing
hurried toward California. They will be
set free in a large inclosure back toward
the foothills be.md the town of San
Mateo and left there to increase in num
bers.
For the present, at least during this
season, th ■ fox will not be hunted, for the
reason that tbe number must first be
materially increased beiore any of them
are set at liberty in the hills. That will
not be until the following hunting season,
but there will be royal sport after Keynard
through the mesa lands and the rolling
foothills down the peninsula. And all the
bunterß will have a merry time in trying
to get in tir-t at the death.
Until that time bags of aniseed will be
used to furnish the sport. This method of
making a trail for hounds is known as a
drag huut. A horseman rides away ahead
draggine a bag of aniseed over the ground.
It is part of his performance to imitate
the cunning fox. He must go back on his
trail and use such sly tricks to throw the
hounds off the scent. At a given time the
bounds are let loose. Then they nick up
the scent and away they go, the pack bay
ing and flying v/ith noses to the ground
and tbe hunters at their heels, riding for
all that is in them over drains and over
fences and everywhere, if they don't wish
to lose caste, the hounds go. At last the
end of the trail is reached, ami the first
hunter to arrive wins the first honor.
Through the energies of some members
of the Burlingame Club a hunt club is be
ing organized. This will be an indepen
dent organization to be cal.ed the San
Mateo Hunting Club. It will select a
master of the hounds and the whipper-in.
Ladies can become members, so that tney
will now have an opportunity of this mag
nificent country sport, and in addition
to that their presence will make it de
cidedly popular. Horsemen say that the
new rivalry which fox-hunting will create
will improve the quality of hunting horses
in California.
COST OF USING GUNS.
Heavy expenditures Incurred in the
British -Navy.
The days are long past when we Eng
lishmen sang in a free and easy way:
Two jolly Frenchmen and one Porxugee,
One jolly Englishman could lick them all three.
We are ready enough now to give our
possible adversaries all credit for pluck,
and perhaps for technical skill, and yet,
as regards practice in the use of their
weapons, we still have them at an im
measurable disadvantage. This factor is
commonly omitted from newspaper com
parisons, but it would probably have more
weight than any other in determining the
issue of an actual struggle. Two dueli-ts
may each have lion hearts and each the
best Damascus blades, but if one has ten
times more practice in the art of fencing
than the other, it is long odds that he will
win.
So it is with our navy. It has a far
greater knowledge of ships, acquired by
actual maneuvering at sea, and a far
greater knowledge of guns, acquired by
actual firing practice.than any other power.
And the reason of this i? precisely because
such knowledge is a very expensive thing
to acquire and England is the only nation
that cares to afford it.
It iE probable that where France (the
next naval power) spends one million in
sea-cruising and gun-firing we spend five.
From every gun in our navy having a
caliber of ten inches and under there are
fired each quarter eight rounds of ammu
nition by way of practice and from all
guns heavier than the ten-inch four rounds
a quarter, irrespective of the additional
rounds used in the annual "prize-firing."
The heavy expenditure involved in this
item alone may be hinted at by observing
that every full raund fired from a six-inch
gun cost £16. from an eight-inch gun £30,
from a 12-inch gun £123, ami from the
16.25-inch or 110-ton gun as mucu as £300.
And these figures are only a small part of
the story, for the life of a very heavy gun
is not a long one, and though a six-inch
gun can fire as many a? 500 rounds, sev
enty or eighty full rounds arc the limit of
the 110 ton ; after firing that amount they
will both require a new inner tube, a costly
matter enough. — Chambers Journal.
Cycling is a pastime on which the sun
never sets. Even Japan has caught the
craze; the only great drawback is that,
except in Yokohama and Tokio, the roads
are terribly bad all over tbe country, being
very narrow and full of deep ruts.
There are forty-eight distinct diseases
of the eye. No other organ of tbe human
body has so many.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
MERCHANTS WHO
ARE PROGRESSIVE
Streets Which Will Be
Made Attractive for
Commerce.
The Go* Ahead Success of the
M.ssioo and Richmond to
Be Emulated.
Polk, Larkin and S zth to Be Brought
Into Active Ccmp?tition With
Market Street
Market, Kearny and other downtown
streets, which heretofore had a monopoly
of the business transacted in the retail
trj.de, will ere long have, in the language
of the street, "to get a move on to them
selves" if they wish to retain the prestige
which was theirs for a number of years.
The first outside business street to wake
up to the age]of progress and improvement
was Polk, whose property-owners and
business men created no small boom a few
weeks ago by having that thoroughfare
lighted by a series of electric arc lamps
from Sutter street to Vallejo. With a reg
ular whoopup of music and red lights on
a recent Saturday evening they convinced
the people of the Western Addition that
Polk street had some public-spirited mer
chants on its line. Since that time busi
ness has improved over 20 per cent.
This condition of affairs so encouraged
the property-owners and merchants that
the "huniD" which blockaded the north
ern end of that street from Greenwich to
Lombard will be removed as fast as men,
I horses and money can be made to accom
plish the work. So progressive have they
been that the engineers are now preparing
plans for street levels and other matters
to give an outlet to the street to its north
ern limit.
Larkin street from Sutter to Market has
caught the contagious fever of improve
ment and progress to such an extent that
Dr. Hill and other businessmen and prop
erty-owners nave formulated a call for a
meeting of those interested in the scheme
to meet at an early date next week, when
steps will be taken to give this street an
impetus on the progressive scale. Elec
tric 111 his will illuminate this thorough
fare over its length as above mentioned,
and in addition to this the 6x4-pane win
dows, with the pioneer semblance of some
country village where the ends of houses
are made to face the streets, will give
place to full fronts, with plate-glass show
windows »nd other modern inventions,
which is a change that removes the ap
pearance of decay and dry rot from old
houses and makes them lootc like new.
Last but not least comes Sixth street,
where the same spirit of progress has
seized the men who own property and the
merchants who rent the stores for busi
ness of commerce.
This will, it is expected, one week
from to-day be transformed from a half
lighted place at night to one of splendor
and brilliancy. There will be no less than
eighteen arc lights placed in the center of
the street from Market to Folsom. These
will be so distributed that they will be
placed in front of the small streets which
open into the main one and which here
tofore have been so dimiy lighted Dy an
occasional and stray lamp as to make
it both dark and dangerous to enter any of
them after sundown.
The property-owners and business men
on this street have with but very few ex
ceptions responded most cheerfully to the
call of progress, so that sufficient money
to liuht up had been subscribed inside of
twenty-four hours after the movement
had been fairly started.
The few picayunish property-owners,
who declined to get into the van, will be
noted, and if their stores do not have con
stant and permanent tenants they may
find out that to live in Rome one must do
as Rome does.
The hitch that seemed to exist between
the two electric light companies in sup
plying the required illumination has had
something to do with retarding the work
on Larkin and Sixth streets. But so far
as the latter street is concerned the com
mittee having this branc . of progress in
hand has succeeded in getting concessions
which are satisfactory and which will con
tinue to enable the contributors to keep
the street illuminated continuously.
The same terms will, in all probability,
be made with Larkin street, and Polk
street will, woen the present contract ex
pires ai the end o: four months, obtain
similar conditions, which consist ot $1 75
per lamp per week, whereas at present the
price is $3 a week.
Flllmore In ths Van.
The business men on Fillmore street
have caught the improvement boom and
at a meeting held in Franklin Hail last
night organized an improvement club and
elected John G. Waibel temporary presi
dent and V. V. Cross secretary.
Committees on permanent organization
and plans of improvement were appointed.
It is the desire of the property-owners and
merchants on this street to follow in the
footsteps of Polk and other business
streets in this City which haye already
carried into effect a general system of im
provement.
Fillmore street, between Sutter and
Washington, has for quite a number of
years assumed a commercial aspect, but
arc lights will give it a new impetus into
modern activity.
TALMUD AND TESTAMENT.
Rabbi Nieto Drawn Interesting I'aral
leli on Humility as Described
in Both Books.
Rabbi Nleto lectured last evening in the
Taylor-street synagogue on "Humility, as De
scribed in the Talmud and New Testament."
He said:
"The overbearing disposition with which
the popular Ctiristian mind had Invested the
Pharisee is one of those fallacies which the
world, even in this enlightened age, accepts
without question. To state, even to educated
men, that this is an error involving great
injustice to a people and the descendants of
that people, one would obtain tor the state
ment as much credence as he would for say
ing that the Tower of Babel was not built to
avoid destruction by a deluge. Yet Is this
statement true. How it came to be a belief
that the tower was erected to escape flood
personally I cannot tell.
"The Bible makes the plain statement that
the people, averse to being scattered, arected a
grand lortress in which they intended to live
In just such Inexplicable manner has it be^
come the fashion to regard the Pharisee as the
embodiment of all that is vain, haughty aid
unbending. Were tbis indeed so It would
most naturally reflect discredit upon that sect
of Jews; but that unmerited contempt has
been meted out to the Pharisee can be shown
by a reference to the history of the period pre
ceding and continuing through the life of
Jesus.
"That humility and modesty were held to be
the highest ideals of human conduct by the
teachers of ancient Israel the Talmud and He
brew literature abundantly prove, and many
were the tales and maxims used by them to
impress the practice of 'numility' upon all.
"In the Gospel of Mark it is 'those that
humble themselves who shall be exalted.' In
the Talmud tractate Erubin it says: 'Be
lowly; whoever humbles himself shad be
exalted, and whoever exalts himself shall be
humbled.' And, further, In Berachotb: 'Who
ever makes naught of himself here shall be
glorified hereafter.'
"According to both the New Testament and
the Talmud the humble are to be the princi
pal inhabitants of the future world. 'Happy
are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.'
Also, 'Happy are the poor in spirit, for they
shall inherit the kingdom of heaven.' "
BANNISTER'S BAD FAILURE.
Hit Aaaets Am Nothing and Liabilities
Are Quite Heavy.
The failure of Alfred Bannister, who
was formerly a partner of A. D. Starr,
deceased, in the Star Milling Company,
appears to be complete.
Mr. fiannister has filed a petition in
insolvency, in which he states his total
assets to be $500 worth of household
effects. These are exempt from execution.
His debts aggregate $23,628. Notes
amountng to $10,600 are held by a local
bank. He has other quite large creditors,
one of whom, Ci>arles Gardiner of London,
has a claim of $5885. G. W. Bannister of
Ireland is also a creditor to the amount of
$2400. One of his largest creditors in this
City is J. Feaso, to whom he owes $1200.
STORIES ABOUT WELLINGTON.
How the Great Soldier Admitted a
Piece of Injustice.
In a paper on Assye and Wellington a
contributor to The Cornhill tells these
stories about the Iron Duke:
During the last few weeks of the life of
the second Duke of Wellington, up to
witbin a few days of his very sudden
death, I, happening to be living in the
neighborhood of Strathfieldsaye, spent
almost every day and many hours in long
talks, ohiefiy in the grounds of the park,
with the Duke. He, knowing that the
one subject on which I wanted to get him
to talk was his father, most kindly in
dulged me by devoting his conversation
to him. 1 think 1 may 6ay that it was a
relief to him to do so.
For the fact was that he was burdened
by a sense ot responsibility. He was fulj
of stories and anecdotes of the great man
whose heir be was. He had been con
tinually pressed by many, by Lord
Wolseley, and by me perhaps more than
by any one else, to give to the world all
that he could tell of his fathei. He could
neither altogether make up his mind to
go to his grave burying all record of the
past, nor yet, as he appealed to me again
and again to agree with him, coulu he
feel that the stones of domestic life which
he had to tell were altogether such as a
son would willingly give to the world of a
great father. In fact he felt, 1 think, that
some day or other they ought to be
known, but he wanted to leave to some
one else the responsibility of telling them.
In reality I do not think that they much
alter one's impression of the man. But
perhaps the fact that Dr. Gleig went to his
grave knowing all such stories well and
never gave them forth, and that it is
twelve years since I first heard them, and
that, though often pressed to do so, 1 have
never used the freedom which was entirely
left to me in regard to them, will indicate
that they have -eemed to many out of
tune with the sort of conception of the
man which one knows to be popular and
half hesitates to disturb, lest in dispersing
the cloudy vision one should blur the true
grandeur of the face. In fact, they are all
stories of a strong, hard man — harder on
himself than on any one else — and, being
chiefly ot his later life, apply to a time
when thes • characteristics had become set
and rigid. Here, at all events, are a few
specimens, for good or bad:
During his campaigns the Duke had
acquired a peculiar habit in regard to
sleep. No noise, not the discharge of the
loudest cannonade or an explosion, would
wake him; but the most delicate touch,
even on his clothes, roused him instant ly.
When roused there was no moment of
semi-somnolence, of eye-rubbing or blurred
consciousness as to where he was or what
had happened. Out of the deadest sleep
he was instantly in the possession of all
his faculties. NjW, whether it was a de
termination not to yield to advancing
years or merely the habit of a lifetime it
would be difficult to say; but during all
the time when c was living as a country
gentleman at Strathtieldsaye there was
nothing ttiat he resented so much as the
attempt of any one in his household or out
of it to do him any personal service.
Numbers of the anecdotes turn on thus
peculiarity.
He had made for him a specially con
structed tandem. It had two spats at the
back and was completely covered in, the
whole front being of glass. The reins
ra^srd unuer the glass casing in front,
n this way the Duke himself drove two
very fine horses. One day his second bou,
Lord Charles Wellesley, "was sitting with
*ni in this carriage. The Duke, as in
later life he often on various occasions
did, fell fast asleep, stili holding the reins.
The spirited horses soon felt the loss of
control. Before lone Lord Charles, anx
iously watching the situation, saw that in
another moment the leader would dash
up a steep bank and that his father's life
and his own would be in imminent dan
ger. The risk was too great to run,
though he knew his father too well not to
be aware that any interference with him
as the driver of the horses would be bit
terly resented.
As quietly as he could do so, he slipped
his hand over the rein, drew down the
leader from the bank, and .«-aved them
both from a catastrophe, anxiously en
deavoring not to wake his father in doing
so. It was useless, however. Light as
bis touch had been ttie great Duke was
instantly awake, and fully alive to all that
had happened.
"What are you doing. Charles?"
"I only turned off tne leader, sir, from
the bank. He was just running up it, and
we should have been upset."
"Mmd your own business, Charles!
mind your own business!" was all the
thanks he ever received.
The same son, Lord Charles, had been
on leave in either Spain or Italy. He had
met with a series of accidents on i» is re
turn journey, had been in very serious
clanger, and, though he had made the ut
most effort to do so, had failed to get back
in time.
His father asked for no explanation and
would near none. He treated him as a
convicted culprit, refused to have any
intercourse with him, and in various ways
made him feel his displeasure. One day
a visitor to Stratbtieldsave drew out from
Lord Charles an account of his journey.
The Duke listened, and when tne story
came to an end he w?nt up to his son:
"So, Charles, you met with an acci
dent?"
"Yes, father."
"And you did all you could to be back
in time?"
"Yes, father."
"Well, I'll give you a horse, Charles;
I'll give you ahorse."
It was the only form in which he admit
ted the injustice of which he was clearly
conscious.
A Curious Story.
I came across a curious story of Field
Marshal Joseph Sabine in the current
number of "Good Words." It is so curi
ous that I venture to give it to my readers
as it is told by Mr. Baring-Gould, who is,
I fancy, his godson. General Babme was
in the battle of Ramillies in 1706, when he
lost the signet ring off bis left hand.
Joseph had been a third son; accordingly
he had borne on his arms a mullet tor a
difference. But owing to the death of his
elder brothers he came to be the represen
tative of his family, and accordingly, with
the point ot his inife, he dug out the
mullet.
A century and a quarter after this, his
preat-Rrandson, Edward Sabine, was trav
eling in Belgium with bis wife, and vis
ited Tirlemont and the battlefield of Ra
millies, when, hsppening to look into the
window of a little local watchmaker, he
wai surprised and delighted to see a ring
with his own arms on it— in fact, the very
rin* lost by bis ancestor, fie at once se
cured it, and the ring is now in the pos
session of the family.— London Sketch.
No human head was impressed on coins
until alter the death of Alexander the
Groat. All images before that time were
of deities.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
REED EXPELLED
BY THE IROQUOIS
He Read His Resignation,
but It Was Not Ac
cepted.
WAS TOO HOT TO HOLD.
Charged Max Popper and J. J.
Dwyer With Being for
the Gold Standard.
HEENAN'S GLOVE IN THE KING.
Isidor J cobs, Reed and Heenan Will
Be No L nger W lcome to Sit
by the Council Fire.
The Iroquois Club purged itself of dis
loyalty last night by expelling Isidor
Jacobs in accordance with the report of
the committee which found him guilty of
having outraged the shades of Jackson
and Jefferson by voting for McKinley and
Hobart.
The club also listened in amazement
and indignation to a document read by
Charles Wesley Reed, in which he scari
fied the club and its members until Max
Popper crew pale and J. J. Flynn got as
red in the face as a genuine Iroquois on
the warpath. Mr. Reed's document read
in this wi^e:
To the Officers and Members of the IroquoU
Club— Gentlemen : 1 herewith tender my
resignation us a member ol the Iroquois Club,
not because of the resolution requesting all
members who opposed the Chicago plattorm
to resign, bui becau c I do not desire to be a
member of a club proiesslng the principles of
Jefferson and yet repudiating all that he held
most sacred.
At the last meeting of the club I was charged
with treachery to Democratic principles be
cause I nad opposed the Chicago platform. In
my defense I whs proceeding to prove that the
Chicago platform waa opposed to Democratic
principles and tne constitution oi the club
when a point of order was made that, inas
much as the Chicago p attorn was the em
bodiment ot Democratic principles and had
received the support of the club, any argu
ment tending to prove that the Chicago plat
form was undemocratic and inconsistent with
the constitution oi the club was out of order.
De-pite the facr that the articles of Incor
poration of the club were filed with the Secre
tary of State years ago, and Democratic prin
ciples were crystallized nearly a century before
the Chicago pi atform startled the country, tue
chair sustained the point by an anaicnistlc
ruling in keeDing with the Chicago platform.
It is needless to say tnat the club sustained
the chair. It was stated frankly that the last
regu:ar Democratic National Convention was
the infallible judge oi Democratic principles
and that no on» could be a Democrat who did
not loyally support that convention's declara
tion ol principles, no matter how much be was
opposed to the platform and no matter what
the principles of the party had previously
bi-ei;. S'.icii a confession of total depravity was
never beiore made by a political organization
above a piece club.
M x Popper, who brought in the resolution,
has made many speeches within the year in
support of the gold standard, declaring free
coinage meant National dishonor and National
disaster.
It was eminently proper, in view of the tem
per ol the club, that he, of all men, should
propose to read Democrats out uf the party for
voting uhe believed. Mr. Popper's peculiar
tituess for the task was enhanced by tne fact
that, he had bolted the Democr&tic Municipal
Convention, after having secured the passage
by the club of a resolution that the t>eneral
Comiaittee which appointed the conveution
was the only regular Democratic organization
in this City and County.
The resolution requesting the resignation of
the gold Democrats who voted as they be
lieved was supported vigorously by ail of the
Chronic Buckley bolters, whose souls were
harrowed at me thought of bolting for any
thing but jobs. It was also supported by all
but *hree or four of the members who had
previously howled for Cleveland, and had de
clared that his financial policy was the szlva
tion of the country. The club, I believe, in
tends to square itself on its Cleveland record
by turning his picture to the wall after the 4th
of March, and expelling W. D. English, when
the power of those Democrats to do violence to
the principles of the club, by removing its
members from office, has ceased.
Some groans and a few short dry laughs
greeted Mr. Reed at this point." Chair
man Gitdea rapped the club to order,
after having firet cast an apprehensive
glance at the oil portrait of General Jack
son on tae wall.
Then Mr. Reed, holding his typewritten
resolution in his left hand and buryine
his rijtu hand in his pistol-pocket, pro
ceeded to read s. comparison between the
Chicago platform and the principles
enunciated by Mr. Jefferson. Then he
proceeded :
The Democratic pertv in California is a gold
party. Between 35,000 and 45,000 Democrats
voted for McKinley. The Democratic State
Central Committee Is made up of gold Demo
crats because they could not find enough
silver Democrats who knew how to conduct a
campaign to fill out the committee. Natio<iaJ
Commiiteeman Dwyer, less than a month be
fore he went to Chicago, was the most belliger
ent goldbug on the coast. He said that "if a
free-siiver House, a free-silver Senate and a
free-silver President were elected, still no
free-coinage bill would be passed, because (be
people of the United States wou^d not allow
the perpetration of such insane folly." • • •
The gag rule adopted by the club shuts off
all discussion. If there was a chance of a fair
fight — or a fight of any kind— l would still
battle for the gold standard.no matter now
many cnampions appeared under the leader
ship of Tillman. Altgeld, "Bill" Stewart and
Sf.muel Braunhart. To remain under present
couditions would be to proc aim myself a
Democrat for revenue and a patriot for place,
but I have not yet adopted the new Democracy
proclaimed by the Iroquois Club. Respect
fully submitted, Charles Wesley Reed.
When Mr. Reed mentioned the name of
Bryan the club rose to its feet and gave
three genuine war whoops.
At the conclusion of the reading Fred
Raabe moved to accept the resignation
"because Mr. Reed had attempted to give
the ciub a black eye."
"You called me a traitor and a rene
gade last Friday night," said Mr. Reed to
the club generally.
-That's what you are," replied J. J.
Flynn, cheerily.
Flynn thereupon proceeded to say that
the communication was an insult to the
club, to each individual thereof and to the
party. The proper thing to do would be
to expel Mr. Reed. He said that Reed
had never been a Democrat. He had ac
cepted what the organization bad done
and then did not vote for the ticket. He
had accepted office as a Democrat.
Mr. Cabaniss denounced the paper as a
screed. It bad made his Democratic blood
boil in his veins.
Max Popper made a lengthy speech, in
which he said that he had been a Demo
crat since 1864 and that Reed had been in
the party for only four years. He referred
to the fact that Reed had supported Judge
Magufre, Senator White, James V. Cole
man and other silver Democrats.
After an acrimonious discussion, which
was all one war, the club declined to ac
cept Mr. Reed's resignation and it was re
solved to draw up the necessary charges
against him in order that be might be
legally expelled.
Mr. Reed left the hall amid derisive
crins.
John Heenan was the next member to
harrow the feelings of the club. His com
munication was read as follows:
In answer to your resolution of last Friday
requesting all those wbo supported Palmer
an: Buckner lo ret-ign, allow me to reply that
I refuse to resign and request the club at the
earliest moment to proceed with my expul
sion in the formal way laid down in the by
laws. A copy of the charges and the notice of
expulsion by the club will be in my political
career a most valuable document.
To enable your committee to prepare specifi
cations and charges I avow the lollowiug:
That I wrote, worked and voted agMinst Bryan ;
that I took part in the Palmer and Buckner
movement in California and was one of the
committee of three to prepare a petition to
have the Palmer and Buckner electors placed
on the official ballot; that I procured person
ally over 300 signatures; thai I was on the
committee on distribution of literature advo
cating the single gold standard; that
I was nominated for Presidential elector
on the Palmer and Buckner ticket and ac
cepted tbe same, though I afterward resigned
in lavor of Jeremiah Lynch E>q., to show my
respect for the virtues for which he is well
known. I repudiate the Cnicago platform
and indorse the platform of the National
Democratic party at Indianapolis.
Mr. Ball diew up charges to have Mr.
Heenan expelled.
Abraham Jacobs denied with some heat
that he was any relative of Isidur Jacob*,
as stated in a morning paper. He then
moved to remove President Cleveland's
picture from the room, but his motion was
voted down.
Then the council fires were put out and
the braves struck out on the trail across
the prairie.
RESTAURANT LIFE IN PARIS.
,
Americans Are the Mont Frequent Vic
tims of Servants.
The restaurant life of Paris, says a let
ter from that city in tne Louisville
Courier-Journal, is as distinctive and
idiosyncratic as the club life of London.
The two modes of living are totally differ
ent, however, and mark elementary di
vergencies of national character and tem
perament. The Frenchman is a gourmet;
the Englishman is a gourmand. The
Frenchman likes the open air; the Eng
lishman likes the open air. too, but lie
wants his open air to be lat'iced in and
girt about against intrusion. That which
delights the Frenchman — the flitter, the
chatter, tbe radiant and noisy ebb and flow
of the boulevards— offends the Euglish
man.
let the better restaurants of Paris do
not get their profits off their French pa
trons. It is the American who is relied on
to bring up tbe average and to convert a
loss into a gain, and for the Americans,
therefore, the trap is set and tbe triggers
are adjusted. He may swear and squirm
and arau-e the onlookers by his futile at
tempts in very crookea Frencli to make
his meaning plain, bat to no avail. He
will have to pay the bill. The swell restau
rants have discovered a device for taking
the luckless American completely captive
which deserves the name of great.
Like everything great it is simple. No
price is affixed to the several dishes upon
the bill of fare. Thus the stranerer is left
entirely in the dark. He is at the mercy
of tbe lady accountant and the head waiter.
There is no fix.d standard of value. There
is no check upon enterprising rapacity.
You order your dinner blindfold, and
when "la note" is brought you have no re
course.
The garcon shrugs his shoulders. The
other garcons stand around and grin.
Tbe maitre de cuisine is dignity a little
tempered by majesty. You know that you
are being swindled. You know that mon
sieur yonder, who has had more dishes
than you, and better served, has been
charged some 50 per cent lees. But what
can you do? You can do nothing. You
can simply disgorge. If yon ask the price
in advance you commit adreadful solecism.
What does milor care about price 3 ? Prices
are made for the canaille. If milor wants
cheap dinner he go to Duval. The Cafe
Voison exists for gentlemen, not for per
sons who need to economize. The Cafe
An_-laise does not desire cheap custom.
It prides itself on being "tres cher." The
poor American does not see it at all, but
yet his vanity being touched as well as vis
pocket, he goes away with an abridgment
of the basso in bis grumble. He is a
wiser but a poorer man.
WHAT SNAKES EAT.
Interesting Results From Sclenttfic
Observation.
During the last few months some of the
gentlemen connected with the Museum of
Natural History at Paris have given to
the world various interesting results of
their observations, says an exchange.
The learned professor at the museum,
Leon Vaiilant, describes the diet of * ser
pent more than twenty feet long, which
has been on exhibition at the Jardin dcs
Plantes since the month of August, 1825.
Uu to the end of 1895 this reptile had
eaten fifty times, :hat is, on an average of
five times a year. The largest number of
times in one year that the snake took food
was in 1886, when he ate seven times.
Nearly all the food consisted of the flesh
of goats, old and young. Three times,
however, the repast was composed i»f rab
bits and once of a goose. The feeding of
the serpent, which will eat not bine but
what is alive, offers an uncommon specta
cle, and many persons request to have no
tice of the times when the creature feeds,
so as to witness the feeding. Yet the
lightning-like rapidity with which the
reptile seizes its prey produces a powerful
impression.
Apropos of the volume which can, by
means of distension, enter the stomachs
of serpents. Professor Valliant relates that
a French viper was once put in the same
caire with a horned vipe\. As these indi
viduals, although belonging to different
species, were of the same size, it was sup
posed that these reptiles would live amica
bly side by side.
Nevertheless the horned viper during
the following night swallowed his com
panion in captivity, and, in order to ac
commodate this prey so disproportionate
to itself, its body was distended to t»uch a
degree that tne scales, instead of touching
each other laterally, and even overlaping
each other a little, as in its normal condi
tion, were separated, leaving between the
longitudinal rowa of them a space equal
to their own breadlb. All the same diges
tion proceeded regulav'.y and th*> viper did
not appear to have cjiffered in the least.
The case of the cobva hat swallowed an
other cobra by mistake *t the zoo affords
another example of this extraordinary ca
pacity for the accommodation of food.
Italy propose* to take the sale of quinine
out of the hands of the druggists and to
make it a Government monopoly. Drug
gists sell it at the rate of from £10 to
£20 a pound, while the Government gets
it for the army at £1 a pound.
The letter "I" in the Chinese language
has 145 ways of being pronounced, and
each pronunciation has a different
meaning.
iVee !
yOU CAN GET GOOD HEALTH,
- • sound sleep, improved digestion, regu-
lar bowels, if you take Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. Ask your druggist for Joy's,
and don't take something unknown, or
just as good. Take the best. Take Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. :
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLKS H. PHILLI ■•>. .tTI'OUKKY-ATh
V Law »nd Notary Public, 688 Market si., oppo.
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence I(UM '
feii street. X«lepl»ont - rue - 268J.V
NEW TO-DAT.
Cheapest
Prices
In America for ;
CHINAWARE
Dinner Sets (£ A _ —
Prettily Decorated '«B A a /
(Complete for 6 Persons) .~,r M%J
Dinner Sets d? -• vr\
PURE WHITE *n 4 . II
(Complete for 6 Persons) 7*U %J \J
Fancy Cnps and Saucers ... 10. 15. 25
Bread, Butter & Fancy Plates • 10. 15. 25
Ice-cream and Berry Dishes - • 10, 15, 25
Wine Decanters, engraved •• 15, 25. 35
Wine Glasses, per set • - - - 25, 35, 40
Knives and Forks, per set - 50, 75, 1.00
China and Bisque Flower Vases—
10,15,25,50
Common him Carving Set • • - • -25
SEEING THESE GOODS
; MEANS — - '•"":•■■' ••-■'•
BUYING THEM.
-WE RUN • " . - ■
100 Stores
BUY CHEAPER
SELL CHEAPER
HA\»SOJIE PRESENTS «IVEI AWAY.
Great American Importinj Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES*. •
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission at. aiB Third st.
140 Sixth st. aooB Filltnore ft.
617 Kearny st. ■ 965 Market St. '
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth si,
B3i Montgomery svw. 10^ Second st.
333 Hayes st. ' . , 3285 Mission st.
53 .Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. '■/ ,
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
tti ban Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaal
I3 5 S Park «t.. Alamcda.
WH. RADAM'S
The world now fully accepts and in«
dorses the discoveries of M. Pasteur,
. Professor and others of that
eminent school ot savants, which
demonstrated . that microbes — para-
sitic germs— are the root and cause of
all human disease.
MICROBE
And these same savants were not a bit
too enthusiastic when they advanced'
the p-ophecy that a panacea ; for all
. human ills would be found in some
astent that .would destroy these mi-
crobes in the human system, for their
. prophecy is fulfilled in Radam's Mi-
crobe Killer.
KILLER
This wonderful discovery consists of
pure water strongly charged by a se-
cret process with certain gases, dis-
covered by the inventor to be a sura
destruction to humanity's dread foe —
microbes. It is perfectly harmless to
human beings, however, and is taken,
internally and used externally aa
needed.
DESTROYS
Its remarkable cures in every part of
the world of every form and kind of
disease proves it to be the most won-
derful discovery of the century.
_< Consumption, usually considered in-
curable, yields to the Microbe Killer,
if the patient has vitality enough to
last until it can operate.
DISEASE
UlvLiiyL
Asthma, Catarrh, all Lung troubles
and Blood disorders are cured speedily
and permanently. Rheumatism, Sci-
atica, Kidney and Liver diseases, all
disorders of the Stomach and Digestive
system, whether chronic or recent, are
quickly cured while you go about your
business.
GERMS
Consultation and advice free. Women
who suffer should write for full par-
ticulars of what the Microbe Killer has
- done for thousands of her sisters.
A 50- page book, telling all about the
medicine, sent tree. . .
RADAM'S
Microbe Killer Co.,
1340 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal. . ..
BRANCHES:.
456 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
, 45 Mary Street, Pasadena,- Cal. -
6 5 South Market Street, San Jose, Cal.
Third and I) Streets. Marysville, Cal.
360 Morrison Street. Portland. Or.
1010 front Street, Seattle. tVush.. .
And of .All Ornggists.
ELECTRIC BEAT'S
- \* ■&£& Vive "■'• Are good things if prop.
'■^•^iMr^CT^v-^ '<a rrly niade : but there Ii
Ijfi Vf V'«««S^ no sense in paying a hi?li
WifFni^ jfc price for a poor ariicla
B^*7?<t- ■™v r^yy^'S i<Sell siuiplv because some ad-
»SSts-i)ijfe_-crf« vertising "quack" ae-
*?siMlLSKTf«^i^ mands it. ±>uy no Bel:
n«3?/*ff=fcS^^iC3S till you see Ur. Pierce* 3.
l *",}}* rf Avti/.'Y* ggg- Book Free. Call of
<• <K>^ address I) It: - PIE >' .CX
--~,V> . & SuN, 704 Sacramento
• ™* = St., cor. Kearny, Si. if.
Branch Office 640 Market si.. S. F.
Fjl ' C;.!cb<Mt«r> £.o*Uah Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
■ <gl — . - Original sad Only Genuine. A ,
v^/TFK.^. * Mfti «lw»y« reliable, r. ladies uk /fiN '->
fdth \2>S£t Druistit for CkUhuttr* Kngliah Dia./y\\
mPyp^tXK^ rrwnd Brand in Ke-4 and Cold metaliio\«Mr
— 2T«Wpo"«- »eal«l wlib •>!•« ribbon. Tak* VJF
TtS 49^ «v2 a< * other. Refute dang trout tubs tiff ▼
I / — • fg Uant and Unitatiana. Aj Drafxi»i«, *t Mnd4e, ,
■ I JS in tUmpf for particulars, ■ tuticxnlali «n,l '
1 •» ■ •0 ■ "Belief for Ladle*." in letter, by return !
-X; Br MalL 1 0.000 Tcitimooialß. Xai** Paitr.
-rckiebe»»»r Ckemlcait'a.,Ma4Unn Squiirtk
!•!« to ail Loc»l Druuisu. r>hUad-v*l»j»
. . .---■ ' ■ ■ - •"■■'•-■ ..-..■...■
P'l'lJiUC Vnil "'ore Taroat, Pimples, Copper-H
l(f';nAj£ TUU colored Spots, Ac bes. Old iioreiH
i^HUlccrs in Month, Hair-Falling! 'A'rlto C'OOKJQC
ffi3r.ali:ET CO.. SO? Masonic TempltM
JMChloago. I]]., for proofs of ; cures. ' I'apl-jH
. jßtul, So©o,ooo. Worst cases cored In 15W
jBLo i*s dnyo. . 100-pajre I>oolt free. I«|
56
Wat <nn , €M
STaBRDAY..... "... '.-NOVEMBER 28. 1896
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free
Tally and Bunday Cam-, one carrier.
Pally and Sunday Cam., one rear, by mall . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam* six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Caw, three months by mail 1.50
pally end Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
tunda;- Call,, one year, by mall 1.50
V ...J.KLY Call, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 IO Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone AI»ln-18B8
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517. Clay Street.
Telephone .....:..■ Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
P27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
C :S0 o'clock.
?E9 nayrs street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcAV. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
mil 9 o'clock.
1.518 Mission street; open until 9o'cloc!c
67 »"ih street; open until 9 o'clock, j" i'.^i
« Market street, open till 9 O'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
£08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICB:
Booms 31 and 32, M Park Row, New Yoric City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. "
J^eave orders for The Sunday Call.
The early purchaser gets the pick of the
Christmas novelties.
ItlooKanow as if Cuban independence
might come in with the New Year.
The Dingley bill will stay jn its pigeon
bole, and tnat is the best place for it.
At any rate Berkeley's name is not mud.
Her team showed too mucti sand for that.
There is no longer even so much as four
more months of Grover. Time is flying
beautifully.
The mining counties are not only talk
ing of prosperity, but have begun the
work fur it.
You get all the news and the best of
leisure day reading when you get The
Stjkday Call.
Those who thousht they saw an airship
certainly saw something, and they can
swear to that.
When you begin your purchases to-day
do not forget that your home should be a
market for home products.
This Congress need not trouble itself
about the tariff Dill. The next one can
kettle the issue promptly and settle it right.
The sad condition of Tammany Hall is
uliown by the fact that the office of grand
Eachem is hunting a rnsn and cannot find
one.
The blizzard season began in the Dako
tas on Thanksgiving day and turned the
festival into a cold snap for many a good
citizen.
The statesmen are on their way to
Washington and before long the Eastern
air will be as full of politics as of Bnow
storms.
The work of coast defense goes bravely
on, and in a few years we shall be able to
maintain peace without being anxious
about it.
The weather will seem balmy enough to
you if you will read and consider the re
ports of the weather they are having in
the East.
The .next State assembly of note will be
the gathering of the farmers and dairy
men at San Luis Obispo and the expecta
tions are it wiil prove an important one
in every respect.
Cleveland had a larger turkey than
either McKinley or Bryan, but as he did
not have the victory of the one nor the
hopefulness of the other his advantage
was not great after all.
It is estimated the oranee crop of Cali
fornia this year will be the largest in the
history of the Slate, and thus we have an
other evidence of prosperity to cheer us
through the Christmas time.
The people of Eureka very happily cele
brated Thanksgivine day by launching
the new steamer Huruboldt and now they
know they are to have a ship to come in
and bring them prosperity as a steady
business.
An attempt of the monopoly to pass a
funding bill at the coming session of Con
gress is not probable, but it is possible,
and therefore the people must be vigilant,
and resolved to strike it a blow that will
kill it foiever.
The Coiusa Sun makes the good sugges
tion to the people of that county that in
stead of waiting for outside capital to
come in and put up a sugar plant for them
they should unite and begin the industry
for themselves.
The near approach of the meeting of
Conuress revives interest in the funding
bill and the people of California muot pre
pare to resume the fight against the mo
nopoly. It will never do to be caught
nappiug at this time.
A number of the leading papers of the
interior have started an agitation to se
cure a greater amount of Home rule for
counties, and on that issue San Francisco
can combine with them. We want more
home rule in our neck of tbe woods.
The Redding Free Press declares that
mnny mining claims in Shasta County
which were formerly considered of small
value are now being worked atjr*profit
and the outlook is brighter than ever be
fore. Thus the good news keeps on com
ing.
Football is a paying game in New York,
the net receipts for the match between
Princeton and Yale having amounted to
over $28,000, and it appears any man can
endow a university in these days who can
put a good team on tbe gridiron and make
it win.
The Venezuelan question seems fairly
out of the way, but as reports from Wash
ington show that the seal problem is by
no means in a satisfactory condition it is
plain that Olney will have enough to do
to keep himself warm from now until
March.
The report of ex-Congressman Louttit
in regard to the revival of manufacturing
industries in Colorado shows that even in
that State the defeat of free silver will not
be altogether a loss. Lik*» every other
section of the Union Colorado will profit
by the restoration of protection and in the
nest campaign she will return to the Ke
publican column, where she belongs.
THE FUNDING BILL.
The near approach of the date for the
assembling of Congress revives public in
terest in the funding bill. The passage of
such a bill this winter is not probable, but
it is possible. It behooves the people of
California, therefore, to be on their guard.
The monopoly is always at work*. It is in
a position to strike a decisive blow at any
moment, Tue people must be equally
vigilant ana prepared to guard against the
attack in whatever form it comes.
The fipht against this scheme of the
railroad company to fasten its monopoly
upon the people of California for at least
fifty years to come has up to this time
been ably conducted and has accomplished
a fair degree of success. While a con.
plete Tictory has not yet been won, the
efforts of the monopoly lobby have been
always thwarted, and 'the rights of tiie
people have been virtually maintained.
It would be a most grievous thing if at
this late day any lack of vigilance or
watchfulness should permit all past work
to bo rendered useless and the monopoly
to attain success after all.
It is hardly necessary to call for farther
mass-meetings on tiie subject, since the
sentiments of California have been already
so clearly expressed that there is no reason
to manifest them in that v.ay again. All
that is needed now is that the press of the
State should begin a new crnsade against
the funding bill and ronse public attention
once more to the issue. Every man who
has reason to believe he has influence with
any member of Congress should write to
that member and urge him to stand firm
on the side of justice and the people
against the spoliation schemes of the
monopoly.
If such tactics are pursued the attempt
to pass the bill at this session of Congress
will be baffled as such efforts have been in
the past, and the people of California will
have the satisfaction of winning a victory
which will not only emancipate them
selves from the cinch of a monopoly, but
will be in the truest sense of the word a
victory for American law over a gigantic
conspiracy to defeat it in the interests of
one of the most grasping and u reedy cor
porations known to the History of the
world.
Cougre?s will assemble in a few day 3.
If the funding bill is to be broneht up at
all at this session it will be presented al
most as soon as Consress meets. This,
therefore, is the time for the press and the
people to speak out. Every member of
Congress should be given notice that
public opinion on this subject has not
changed since last winter and that popu
lar sentiment remains as it was at that
time. We count on the delegation from
California to act as a nnit in the contest.
The moment for decisive battle seems to
have arrived. Now, then, let the iriends
of the people strike home and deal the
blow which wiil put an end to the iniquity
forever.
NO COMPROMISE BILL.
The report of our special correspondent
from Washington published yesterday
shows the prospects are that no attempt
will be made to pass the so-cailcd Dingley
bill even in an amended form at the
present session of Congress. This means,
of course, that an extra session will be
called as soon as President-elect McKin
ley takes his seat, and a comprehensive
protective measure will be enacted as
speedily as possible.
This report will be regarded as good
news throughout the country. It was, of
course, not wholly unexpected. The drift
of discussion in the press ever since the
election has shown an increasing popular
sentiment opposed to any compromise on
the tariff question. Tho demand i<? for a
comprehensive system of protection, and
the people would not be satisfied with a
tariff providing merely for revenue with
out regard to the industries of she country.
According to our correspondent, the
Senate is no longer the sore obstacle in
the way of the passage of an amended
compromise bill. The House itself, which
passed the Dingley bill at its last session,
would reject it now because of the chanced
conditions since the election. Moreover,
it seems to be assured that Cleveland
would not sicn such a bill, as he desires to
go out of office with the record of con
sistency on the tariff. This being so, the
bill is out of the question. We can now
look forward, therefore, to an extra ses
sion of Congress and a spaedy return to
that conservative protection wnich con
serves every industry of the country.
There can be little doubt that this solu
tion of the issue will be satisfactory to
the great majority of the American
people. A compromise measure that
would have been expedient last winter,
when it would have had at least eighteen
months to run, was quite s different
thing from a compromise measure tnat
cannot be expected to live more than six
months. Last winter a Bpeedy return to
protection was doubtful; this winter it is
certain. Therefore the reasons which im
pelled the Republican majority in the
House of Representatives last winter are
no longer valid, and what was good
statesmanship then would be folly now.
It 18 believed that as soon as President
elect McKinley takes his seat he will call
an extra session of Congress to assemble
at once, and there is good reason for the
hope that a Republican tariff can ba en
acted before the end of July. This policy
will give a new stimulus to industry and
will do much to augment the revival of
trade so happily begun. The policy,
therefore, deserves general commenda
tion, aDd we have no doubt will receive it
from all except those Bourbon free
traders wbom no experience can tench
and who care more for their particular
theory than they do for the welfare of the
country.
A SECRETAR Y OF MINES.
In a recent interview President Neff of
the California Miners' Association is
quoted as saying: "We expect the com
mittee on agitation for a Secretary of
Mines and Mining to commence work
richt away. Our Congressional delegation
is heartily in favor of the proposition and
we want it to assist us in interesting tho
Representatives from States like Pennsyl
vania and New York."
This committee should in its work re
ceive the hearty co-operation of tbe press
throughout all jhe mining States. As
will be seen by a letter from Senator
Mitchell, published this morning, it will
have strong support in Congress. We
hay« been glad to see that many papers
in this section have already begun tbe
work of a campaign of education on the
subject, and we trust it will not be long
before every newspaper published in a
mining State wiil take up the causa and
promote it by all means in its power.
The contest is not one in which miners
only are interested. It concerns the gen
eral welfare of the wnole conntry. The
prosperity of the United States depends
in no small measure upon the develop
ment of mines, and that can be best
brought about by giving to that industry
all tbe benefits which accrue from Govern
ment supervision and Government aid
where such aid is necessary.
At the present time our mining laws &re
iof such a perplexing character it is diffi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1890.
cult for any one to understand them. As
tiae been pointed out, it is not always easy
to set a ruling on doubtful questions of
these law*, even when an appeal is taken
direct to the Govcrnniont. The head of
tho Bureau of Public Lands does not al
ways give the same ruling as the Secre
tary of the Interior, and a dispute as to
whether certain lands are agricultural or
mineral not infrequently leads to confu
sion ana involves a serious lose to the
prospective miner.
The magnitude of the industry is in
itself sufficient to justify the appointment
of an officer tc represent it in tho Cabinet
of the Nation. A further argument for
the appointment of such an official is
found In the extremely scientific character
of the industry, and the fact that Ameri
can miners are brought into competition
witn those of other countries, whose work
is aided by all the powers of their govern
ments. Since the great nations of Europe
have Ministers to attend to mining af
fairs and to promote them, it is certainly
necessary for the United States to give an
equal attention to the mining industry of
this country.
We bespeak, therefore, for the commit
tee appointed by President Neff to agi
tate this question the cordial support of
the press in every section of the Union.
Certainly the newspapers of the West
ought to engage in it with ardor and
energy. We have entered into this tight,
ana ought to prosecute' it with the inten
tion of winning. Whatever plan the
miners adopt shonid be cordially seconded
by Congressmen from tne mining States
and by the press. The work has been well
oegun. Let it be pushed forward wiyi
vim and vigor and the end wiil be victory.
" THE SUNDAY CALL."
In to-morrow's issue of The Call will
apnear a multitude of features which will
commend themselves to the discriminat
ing readers of San Francisco, and in fact
to the whole wide West. The matter in
The Sunday Call is always timely, always
interesting, and more than this, it is al
ways clean as well as clever.
As the fall exhibition of the Art
Association comes nearer, the won
der naturally grows among all who
are familiar with San Francisco art
work as to what new ideas will be
brought out. The Call is enabled to fur
nish an answer that will be quite compre
hensive in its nature, for it will to-morrow
reproduce pen-sketches of their own best
new p!ece3 by such well-known and dis
tinguished knights of brush ana palette
as Will Keith, Tom Hill, John St^ntou,
A. Jouillin ana L. P. Latim*r. These
sketcnes will afford excellent ideas of the
effect that is conveyed by the original
paintings.
A poem on the glories of the Golden
Gate, superbly illustrated, will be found
to contain some very appreciable merits.
"An Idyl of Autumn in Northern Cali
fornia," by Olive Heyden, makes beauti
ful reading for those who have a taste for
the poetic in nature. In the northern
part of the Golden State is found an
autumn that reminds one of the East, in
a measure. The leaves turn color, the
snow is seen afar oft, the early morning
sparfcles with dry cold, but, unlike the
East, all this is in the midst of roses and
under a cloudless sky. Miss Heyden de
scribes most happily this season of
dreamy lights, bright tints and smoky
distances.
Penelope Powelson has an article full of
useful hints and suggestions with refer
ence to children who are compelled to
wear spectacles. It is a pood, common
sense talk, and parents will find much
food for thought in it.
The "Oddest Cemetery in the World"
relates to a private horse burial ground,
wherein monuments are erected to the
memory of favorite steeds.
A new and exceedingly novel practical
use for bicycles furnishes the subject for
an up-to-date sketch.
Particular mention must be accorded a
splendid picture of Sac Francisco, as
viewed from the bay, by W. A. Coulter.
It will bd one of the strong illustrative
features of the Sunday edition.
Tho horse show also receives the atten
tion it demands at tiie hands of the
artists and writers. It is hardly necessary
to enumerate lurther, but let it be re
markea that the children's department is
rich in contents and pictures; the fashion
page gives the latest notes on the winter
styles; society has a complete record of
its comings and goings, its hops and en
tertainments for the week past; the lovers
of whist have a resume of the latest
theories of the came, prepared by an ex
pert; the editorials are vigorous and able,
the book reviews faithful and conscien
tious, the telegraphic service the best,
and the news contents unequaled on tue
slope. Orders for The Sunday Call
should be sent in early.
THE BEET-SUGAR INDUSTRY
Dcs Moit.es Capital.
The convention of farmers and other Ne
braska people held recently In Grand Island
resulted in a series of resolutions of the fol
lowing import: That the relief of farmers
from the overplus of corn and wheat and low
prices of the same calls for a diversity of
products. The beet-sugar industry having
proven profitable and promising it should be
fostered. In view of the fact that American
consumers are paying the sum ot $120,000,000
yearly to foreign nations for sugar which
might be produced here by lessening the
acreage of coru and wheat, and that several
countries abroad are paying liberal bounties
for the protection of their beet guitar industry,
the re-enactment of the present law giving a
bounty to beet-producers is urgently re
quested.
LITTL E GIRL'S DRESS
A dainty frock for little girls of 2 to 6 years
is shown here. It is designed to wear with
guimpee, without sleeves, the dress itself hav
ng bishop sleeves with capelike tops.
A dress of blue and white challis, with tnm-
mings of bands of white lace, was Cool and
stylish for a best dress.
A gown oi mixed wool of old blue and black
had bands of plain blue satin, overlaid with
rows <>f black soutache braid.
A blue and pin/( gingham had bands of pink
gingham embroidered In blue.
Letters From the People.
ON SUPPRESSING BRYAN.
"The Examiner 1 !" Financial Sicklies*
and Morbid State of
MM,
_^° l * Editor, af the San Francisco Call-Sir.:
This being Thanksgiving day it seemed meet
lormeasono who voted : for Bryan and : the
whole reform movement he represented, in
cluding not only the restoration of silver to
free coinage, but also the greater issue of
paper money by the Government only, to read
the Examiner's editorial on "Thanksgiving"
and see what it might suggest to the defeated
porters of Bryan as causes for i gratitude and
thanksgiving, assuming, «s of course I should,
that the Examiner singly desired the sue
,,l, V J h ?K 5n5 n movement." . : Well, I have
lust read ■ the editorial entitled "Thanksgiv
's;. * va ne «* some of my impressions.
>.v B 4 f o d' d Paragraph is this: ' ■ •
<otJ \ ill t. ar ?i y ** expected that we shall
join with President Cleveland and some of the
devout Governors of -Eastern States in enum
erating the result of th* election among our
causes for gratitude," and I' agreed witn the
Examiner and read on: -Bat there are some
leiitures ii en of that momentous event in
Mnicn all Americans may justly feel joy and
prlae." The first "feature" of the "event"
mentioned, however, was the alleged "general
expectation abroad" . that serious trouble
would follow the election, as "it was thought
that the beateu side might refuse to submit";
but -they have learned," says the Examiner,
that while. wo may be hot partisans before an
election, we are all loyal Americans after-
Ward, etc - : Of course I felt duly grateful that
these foreigners had changed their opinion of
us, and reed on for other "features."
la the next paragraph we are told that "we
should of! grateful for the gift of. continued
P e . UCe > - reference being made to our relations
with Jingland concerning the Venezuelan con
tention, which indicates «-.n abrupt chance of
subject since no one would consider that a
feature" of the election. But the next para
graph certainly takes us back to a "feature
of that momentous event In which all Ameri
cans may justly feel joy and pride," and in
lairness to the Examiner I will give the whole
of this remarkable paragraph, because it ap
peared in a journal which claimed that It loy
ally supported Bryan and sincerely desired
his success. It runs thus: ..JilltlHlJMUlPli 1 * 1
"And we have especial cause to be thankful
for the promised return of prosperity. We have
suffered from a long and cruel siege of hard
times, but the end of it seems to be in sight.
Our farmers are getting better prices for their
products— a thing which is not a matter of
thanksgiving to the famine-stricken peasants
ol India, wtiose sufferings our own good for
tune must not make us forget. Our factories
arc beginning to reopen and our idle work
men are finding employment. The morbid
state ot mind that has been solely responsible
for our troubles is parsing away. The people
who have worried themselves into financial
sickness have determined to be well and the
determination makes them well. For this
mind cure let us give thanks."
That is the paragraph in full, and if it had
appeared in Bradstreet's, which may be
regarded as "the business-mnu's Bible, Issued
in weekly parts," or in the New York Journal
of Commerce or the Evening Post it would
have occasioned little , surprise, though it
would have been rather "raw" for. even, such
goldbug journals; but what can be said in ex
cuse for the editorial use of .such language by
the Examiner twentr-iwo days after the elec
tion? I make special reference to these two
sentences, though, the whole paragraph chal
lenges the self-respect of every man who | sup
ported and voted for Bryan: "The morbid
state of mind that has been solely responsible
for our troubles is passing away," and "The
people who have wonied themselves into finan
cial sickness have determined to be well, and
the determination makes them well."
It will be news of unspeakable importance
to nearly one-half the people of our country,
and to large majorities of them in some Slates,
that it was a "morbid state of mind" w-hich
'•is solely responsible for our troubles," and
that free ' coinage of silver and money strin
gency and trusts and monopolies have no part
in it, ami they cannot fail to render, "thanks
giving"' that it is passing away. Let us chari
tably hope that the Examiner at once tele
graphed this news to Mr. Bryan, and that it
will In some clear way soon show him that he
is only in a morbid state of mind and has wor
ried himself into financial sickness and can at
once get well by willing himself well, for the
poor man Is going right ahead with the work
ot the campaign as a preparation for 1900. and
is in fact creating so strong a sentiment in fa
vor of perpetuating this morbid state of mind
that such a staid and conservative journal as
the Bulletin of this City is quite upset and has
been thrown into a state of hysteria over Bry
an's success as an advocate of "treason" and
"revolution," all of which appears in an edito
rial of yesterday bearing the alarming title of
•'A Dangerous Man," the half column of de
nunciation, warning and entreaty closing with
these stirring words: "The real need in this
Nation would seem to be a campaign for the
suppression of William •■ Jennings Bryan —
short, sharp and decisive." .•-.■■ ■
Of course there are two ways of putting down
Bryan. One is the Examiner method ot assur
ing the people that prosperity has ' returned,
lor our troubles all come from a morbid state
of mind which is happily passing away, and
hence such men as Bryan have only worried
themselves into financial sickness and will
soon have an access of determination to get
well and then will be well. The other wav of
suppressing Bryan Is the short, sharp and de
cisive one proposed by the Bulletin. But if it
should appear that nearly half of the Nation
still holds with Bryan to the doctrine - advo
cated by the Examiner thirty days since a
campaign against free speech in the person of
Bryan, as proposed by the Bulletin, may prove
to be a worse form of revolution than any ut
terance of Bryan, and the Bulletin and all for
whom it speaks may find when too late that
its own method of suppression can be applied
to Itself as well as to Bryan. .
Joseph Asbxjet Johnson.
San Francisco, Nov. 20. 1890. ,
ME AN' JIM.
Me an' Jim ]es' kinder agree;
I stick by him an' he sticks by me.
Never was much thet I could do
But somehow *r other he sees me through.
Never tlld talk much, or» or sence,
'Bout it, but there's » Coincidence. •
Somehow 'r other— can't Jos' make out-
Thai brings him 'roan' when there's trouble about.
Lots o' others that like me, too.
Hard to say what they wouldn't do;
Hard to say what they wouldn't share
When there was plenty and some to spare.
But, somehow 'r other, whan you're hard hit.
Seems they don't happen to hear of it.
An' there wa* a woman once, an' she
Kinder believed thet she keered for me; ..." .
'Lowed thet sho loved me becoz we'd ben ..v
Ooln' together so long; but when
Plans were a'-makln' to go through life
(Settled an' easy as man an' wife,
Suddenly foun' thet she'd rather go
'Ix>ug with another she didn't know.
80, it set me to study In': Love is meant
For them as don't meet with no accident;
Or meobe them m ken pick an* choose
In the crowd where they've got no friend to lose.
While the feella' a man has for a man
Don't fool Itself with a better plan, ■
Or come to grief through a thlnkln' spell
The i we're too much alike to match right well.
An' thel's the reason thet I perpose
To tie to Jim to the very close.
Fact o' the matter, we're fond o' him,
'tozyou know you can always count on Jim.
— William Trowbndgo Lamed In Hew York San.
PERSONAL.
John H. Gay of San Diego Is on a visit here.
Dr. C. C. Sieaves oi Dunsmuir Is at the Grand
T. c White, a banker of Fresno, is at the
Lick.
Kred Searls of Nevada City is on a visit
here.
Hubert Dallas of Sa n Rafael is at the Occi
dental.
H. D. Laguna, an attorney of Stockton, is In
the City.
J. C. Young and son of Benicia are guests at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Alfred Block, a mining and business man of
Mexico, Is a late arrival here.
Dr. P. C. Musgravo of West Point, Calaveras
County, is among the late arrivals In the City.
George B. Sperry, the millionaire owner of
the large flouring-mills, Stockton, arrived here
yesterday.
Miss G. Sisson of Stanford University is in
the City for recreation and is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
B. E. Higgins and bride are down from Mo
desto on their honeymoon trip and registered
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. H. Coniier, a well-known resident of Calls
toga, is in the City on business and has taken
apartments at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
R. H. Beamer, L. E. Morehouse and George
L. Arnold, members of the State Board of
Equalization, and C. M. Coglan, secretary, are
at the Lick.
Dr. William Wyman, surgeoa-general of the
j Pacific Coast hospital service, who has been in
this City for several days past, left for the East
.on last niaru's train. 2 ; ;' : Ja %* *
D. E. Knight, the banker, of Marysville, and
owner of the large woolen-mills in that city, is
at the Lick. I Mr. Knight is one of the million
aires of that part of the country.
Postmaster McCopDiri went to his office in
the Postoffice yesterday for the first time after
an illness of two weeks. . > During that time ho
has been confined to his home with rheuma
! tism; .., -;-;>. j. , - . "
~ W. C. Stewart and C. F. Wade, the well-known
and influential . residents of Pasadena, the
picturesque and ' busy ", little city !of Southern
California, are among the arrivals at the
I Palace. They say that things are quite pros-"
| perous in Pasadena. It is about the time for
the influx of tourists to commence, and a great
many are expected there this season. The
gentlemen will be hero probably for several
days. ' ' '„
O. J. Woodward, president of the First Na
tional Bank ot Fresno, is at the Lick. He
came up to attend the great football match
and enjoy himself by a brief vacation. Mr.
Woodward says Fresno is improving. Business
has increased since the end of summer. The
raisin crop has been pretty good and has
brought in a good deal of money. ; Besides
this, the lumbering, wool and other interests
are quite prosperous. Mr. Woodward is one of
the pioneers of Fresno and has acquired a
handsome font: ne there.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— At the Man
hattan, D. B. Ely; Holland, Miss Crocker, Mrs.
F. H. Green, Dr. Krotzsinger;; Cosmopolitan,
JULIUS SELIGMANN, Editor of the Herald and Zeitung of Carlsfcad.
[Sketched from life by a "Call " artist.]
J. G. McCali; Continental, G. W. Rumble; Park
Avenue, L. D. Jacks; Savoy, Mrs. M. Bachs and
family. Gail Borden, Mrs. Corel en and Mr.
Borden's mother have left the Manhattan for
home, having finished a three weeks' visit
here. j __________________
SUMMING UP THE RESULTS.
Benefits arising i^eom tite Triumph of j
Sound Money.
*Louisvi!le Courier-Journal.
The benefits already gained since the defeat
of free silver and free riots are enormous. The
restoration of confidence is complete, and tins
has already produced tha following tangible
results:
First— The release ol vast sums which had
been hoarded by tne timid and the appearance
of gold in current circulation. The aggregate
amount of money withdrawn from employ
ment can ouly be guessed at, but it was cer- j
tainly not less than $300,000,000 or $400,- !
000,000. Good judges my the total of the KOld j
hoards alone was not less than $100,000,000.
Tne return to daily use of the precious metal
is the most striking indication of the banish
ment of alarm.
Second— A phenomenal ease In the money
market. This is true of every section, but, of
course, is chiefly noticeable in the great finan
cial centers, such as New York, Boston and
Chicago. In New York money is now freely
loaned at '1). A ana 3 per cent on call, being
relatively much cheaper than in London. Dj
posiis are increasing at an astonishing rate,
and it is likely thai the cost of loan* will fall
still lower. The enormous advantage Of cheap
money goes hand in hand with security. The
day before the election money was loaned in
Wall street at 9? percent oh call, and it was a
matter oi sheer impossibility :o secure "time"
loans. The longer money cau be placed now
the better it suits the lender.
Third— A compilation of dispatches pub
lished since the day of election up to yester
day shows that 372 indusirinl establishments
have started up and '.JGB have increased their
force*, while arrangements have beeu made
to spend millions of dollars in new enter
prises. Some of the plants tnat have resumed
operations employ thousands of laborers. The
Cambria Iron Works, for instance, requires a
force of 7000. It hns rjever had a strike and
had never been shut down until forced to
close some weeks ago by the currency agita- I
tlon.
Fourth— An Advance in wheat, corn, oats,
tobacco, barley, rye, flaxseed, potatoes and
hides, which have added hundreds of millions
to the aggregate wealth of farmers. The pig
iron market has also advanced, and it is no
no trouble now to sell imything of value. A
ready market awaits practically everything.
The few who are complaining tuat they
have not yet experienced any of the benefits
that were promised for a vindication of our
National nonor are invited to ponder these
undoubted facts. White none is so blind as
those who will not see, it is impossible to un
derstand how any sane man can shut his
eyes to the wonderful change that has come
over the country within the past fortnight.
Only those who believed there would be a
Government distribution of silver in the event
oJ Bryan's election can now complain that
they have not been helped by the good for
tune which has befallen the Nation. It may
be months, or even a year, before their in
comes or profits will be actually enlarged, just
as It may De some time before the laborer gets
a permanent job or the farmer has a new
crop to sell, but ultimately the whole country
must feel it.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
There are some men who think that woman's
proper sphere is the ball used in darning
stockings.— Somerville Journal.
An exchange announces, on the death of a
lady, that "she lived fifty years with her hus
band and died in confident hope of a better
life."— Texas Sifter.
Husband— There was something about Miss
Brown's singing to-nizht that I liked.
Wife— ludeed! What could it have been?
Husband— There was very little of it.—Lon
don Figaro.
"He says that he loves me more than his life
and tha; he can't live without ma."
"Oh, all young men say that."
"But they doa't say it to me,"— Truth,
TRAVELED FROM
FAMOUS CARLSBAD
Editor Julius Seligmann on
the Rush to the Ancient
Springs.
The Number of Californians Who
Go There Constantly
Increasing.
A Stamping-Ground for Dukes, Earls,
Kings and Other Pecp'e of
High Degree.
Julius Seligmann, editor and proprietor
of the Carlsbad Herald and Carlsbad
Zeitung, at the famous springs in Bohe-
mia, arrived here ypsterday and is at the
Palace. He is in California for pleasure
and will spend some time here, visiting
Yosemite and other places.
The Carlsbad Herald is printed in Eng
lish for the benefit of th-e throng of English
and American visitors. It is unique in
that way, being the only one of the kind
in all Bohemia. It is devoted almost en
tirely to society news.
"Every year between 4000 and 5000 Amer
icans visit Carlsbad," said Mr. Seligmann.
"The season lasts from May 1 to October
1, and during that time between 40,000
and 50,000 people, as a whole, come there.
Of course there are some there all the
time, even in the coldest winter weather.
Among the visitors are the famous people
of earth, including Kings, Queens, Em
perors, Princes, Presidents and men emi
nent in all the professions and callings of
every kind.
"The town from which the seventeen
springs, take their name now has about
12,000 people, but with the suburbs there
are, I should say, fully 20,000. It i» an ex
quisitely beautiful place. The houses are
all three stories high, fireproof and hand
some. New and magnificent bathhouses
have lately been built. The heat of the
•rater of the springs ranges up as high as
IG3 degrees*. The water of the Sprudel
spring, which is the hottest, spurts out of
a geyser thirty feet high, like the geysers
of the Yellowstone.
"All the visitors there are known as
cure guests. No, they are not called 'one
lungers,' as in some parts of the globe.
About 5,000,000 bottles of the mineral
water are sent out to different parts of the
country each year. Finer hotels are being
added constantly to the town as is re
quired till now tne hotels are on the scale
of the Palace, and constitute among the
finest in the world.
"Recently more Californians than usual
I have been visiting Carlsbad. 1 have made
tde acquaintance of a great many of them
there. All Bohemia is very prosperous.
I think it is in better condition financially
than the United States, and I might say
the same of Austria as a whole. Francis
Joseph I, who rules over all Austria and
Hungary, is much loved, and his dynasty
has been attended by much prosperity."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Louise Chandler Moulton, the American
poetess, has returned io London after her
sojourn iv the Sunny South.
When Verdi went to Milan as a. boy of 18
years to continue nis mus'cal studies in the
Conservatory he was rejected.
The French Minister of th« Interior Is re
ceiving much praisV for having refused to
fight a duel with a gentleman who had atro
ciously slandered him.
The monument to Empress Maria Theresa
which is being erected at the ancient corona
tion city of Presburg, on the Danube, will be
one of the handsomest raised to commemorate
the millennium.
Barney Barnato has given President Kruger
a- pair of marble lions, which have been
placed In position in front of the Presidency
Whether this gUt is a pure token of affection
or a hint that the British Lion has his eye on
the Transvaal and its rulers is not clear yet.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Professob Bell— H. 8., City. This depart
ment does not know the piesent whereabouts
of Professor Bell.
Philadelphia Directory— H. S., City. The
latest directory of the city of Philapelphia
may be seen in the office of the San Francisco
directory.
Dbeb Fabk-C. M., Oakland, Cal. It is said
that the largest deer park in England is that
known as Lord Egerton's, at Tatton, in Cheß
shire. It contaius 2500 acres.
Woman Suffrage— A. C. R., City. When the
official count is complete it will be possible to
tell which districts in San Francisco gave a
majority for womau suffrage, if any, but not
till then.
Bathing— H. S., City. The strong cunents
at the Ocean Beach in the vicinity ot the Seal
Rocks make bathing there very dangerous,
ana it is lor thut reason that no bathing
houses or machines have been established
there.
The Right to Vote— C. T. 8., City. In Wy
oming, Colorado and Utah, where women can
vote the same as men, they vote for Presiden
tial electors, in those States they enjoy the
same privileges as do men so far as the fran
chise is concerned.
Phklan and Sutro— 11. s.. City. According
to the semi-official figures James D. Phelan
for Mayor has a plurality of 8544 and
a majority of 49t>6; at the election held in
1894 Adoiph Sutro had a plurality of 18.720
and a majority of 3515.
The Seals- H. S., City. The seals at the Seal
Rocks have been there as far back as the recol
lection of man goes. They were not "brought
there from other parts by man." but crobably
came down from the far north and" located
there oi their own accord.
Pate de Foie Grab— C. X., Cloverdale, So
noma County, Cal. Pate de foie gras is a baked
preparation of abnormally fattened liver of
goose, seasoned and usually compounded with
truffles. It is made mostly at Strasbourg, Ger
many, and Toulouse, France. The geese are
kept couflned, commonly in the dark, aud fed
with beans or maize; after three weeks oil of
poppy is added, and burned bread In wsUr;
sometimes farina iiour is used. At last lood is
forced down the throat of the overfed animal,
which can hardly respire. The liver attains
the weight of from one to two pounds.
California glace fruit pudding. Townsend's.*
Send your friends; Townsend's California
fruits, 50c a pound; in handsome baskets. ■
Two pounds cream mixed candies In hand
some basket; only soc. Townsend's, Palace bg.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public. men by the Presi
Clipping Hureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomary. *
Much amusement has been occasioned In
Scotlsnd by the refusal of Cluny Macpherson
to appear in kilts at the gathering of his clan
in Glasgow. The excuse of the degenerate de
scendant of hardy Scots was that he "was
afraid of catchinsr cold."
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic an<l Pacific Railroad, Santa Fa
route, will continue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points in the United .states, Canada, Mexico or
.Europe. Kxcursions through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket office, 6±4 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone main 1531
Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phillips' Bock Island Kxcnnloni
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande anJ Roc'x Island .Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excnrslons to
Bt ston For ticket*, sleeping-car accommodations
and frrtber information, address Clinton Jones,
o—iSi Agent iiock Island Railway, So Mont
gomsry street, .-aa Francisoo.
» ♦ m
Through Car to St. Paul and Minneapolis
An elegantly upholstered tourist-car leaves Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock for all
points in Montana, North Dakota and Minnesota.
No change of cars. Dining-cars on all trains. Come
and gat our rates if you expect, to make » trip to
any Eastern point. X. K. S.ateler, General Agent
Northern Pacific By. Co., 038 Market street, & F.
; • — ♦■ »
• SiNGifßs and artists OENEKAi.i.T are users of
"Brown.'* Branchial. Troches " for Hoarseness and
Throat Troubles. They afford instant relief.
•—• — • —
Chiefly from neglect, we grow prematurely
gray and bald. Get back your youthful hair and
good looks with Parker's Hair Balsam.
. % •• — — ♦ 7—
" j Nothing contributes more toward a sound di
gestion than the use of Dr. Biegert's Angostura
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer.
» ♦ — »
. That time-honored preparation, Ayer's Cherry
Pectoral- is still the medicine most In demand for
colds and coughs. It always cures.
Jenks (who has taken to horseback-riding,
and bounces about ten inches at every step)—
Ah, howdy-do. Blinks? I think horseback
riding is good for the health, don't you?
Blinks — Yes, indeed. All who see you will
De benefited. "Laugh and grow fat," you
know. — New York Weekly.
MEW TO-DAT. .
»■ means:
Sign of victory
— i. c., victory
over hypocritic
baking pow-
ders—the kind
that are pure in
name only. |v
5 ; Tillmann & Bendel, Mfrfc
! ' /f^)M^^i "Campaigning with
; ; § Gran the great
Grant," the great
i i vlr s ?^^/ series of articles by
! Gen. Horace Porter.
■ ( i-
The
|: Christmas i
I Number ;
of
ir : \. : THE ■•!
| CENTURY ■/ j
I; is ready; ;
i
( Campaigning with /^p^*^p\ !
< ' Washington, in Dr. jSfc&jiU !
! WeirMitchell'snov- Ijfcjn
! el of the Revolution. "^^^^M/SATURDAY NOVEMBER 2g 1896
AMUSEMENTS. : '
J3.Ai.DwrN Theater.- "An American Cltlsen.**
CAiiroßXiA Tbiateb.- La Loie Fuller. '
Columbia Thkateb— "Humanity." |
„, JioKis-co's OrKRA-ITorsK— "Hearts of Oak."-
. Tivoli Opkua Hocse.— Donna Juanlta. 1 "
Or.riiKCM— Higb-Clnss Vaudeville ■
the" no tr.u TRKKT THJ " -*- *> Kennedy,
Ihk CKUTHS AVO Bkatiko RIVK. — DaUr at
Ealght street, one block east of the Park.
fctmo LATHB-Bathlni: and performances
Oakland Rack; Track.— Races to-day.
> AUCTION SALES.
EtCook & Co.— day. November 28, China-
♦ are, r.t 123 Kearny st., at 2 o'clock.
By Madioan <fe Co.— This day, November 28,
M a«ms, etc.. at 1122 Mission street. -.
v •l i t. an :k \\ . isiTTKKFiitLr.— This day Novem-
ber 28. Furniture, at 717 Tennessee street, at 11
oclock.
By C. W. KirvisG- day, November 28,
furniture, at 802 Montgomery st.. at 1 o'clock.
By Easton & Kldriixjk.— Tuesday, December
1. Real Estate, at salesroom, t33S .Market street.at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The run of steelheads in Russian River Is ex
. pected daily.
There are six events on to-day's card atjthe
Oakland track.
John L. Durkee, pioneer fireman, lies very
ill at his home in this City.
The deeds In the Fair will case were photo
graphed yesterday for. the use of counsel. . *
The road races scheduled for to-morrow at
Menlo Park have been postponed one week.
La Loie Fuller received her friends on the
•tage of the California yesterday afternoon.
Julius Selijrmarm, proprietor of the Carlsbad
Herald and Zeitung, arrived here yesterday.
The Harbor Commissioners will charge i
United States vessels regular wharfage in
future.
The winners at Oakland yesterday were:
Etta 11, Palomacita, Inilaminator, Bellicoso
and .Don Gara. -
The pool tournament at the Bay City Wheel
men's Club is exciting much interest. The
scores are close.
The battle-ship Oregon lost an anchor off
Bausaltto and the wrecker Whitelaw is now
searching for it. -
• Ex-Assemblyman Joseph Marks •■• fell ■ over
board from Clay-street wharf at 2:30 o'clock
yesterday morning. ■ .- - -
The failure ot Alfred Bannister, grain broker,
is complete. The liabilities are over $23,000
and his assets are nothing.
The Sportmen's. Association is going to pre-
Bent a bill to the next Legislature consolidat
ing all the game and fish laws.
James Cosgrave, an ex-convict, was arrested
last evening and detained at the Central police
Elation on a charge of burglary.
There will be three baseball games to-xnor
row— one each at Central Park, Sixteenth and
Folsom streets and the Presidio.
Rabbi Nietolectnred last night in the Taylor
street Synagogue. He compared the Talmud
and the Testament oil "humility.",
Mrs. Sarah' Owen Spencer was somewhat
improved yesterday and was removed from
the Lick House to St. Mary's Hospital.
The new Federal Grand Jury met yesterday
and organized. A few old cases were pre
sented, but no indictments were riled.
The annual meeting of the associated cycling
clubs will be held in the clubhouse of the San
Francisco Road Club next Saturday evening.
The spirit of progress and improvement has
fairly taken a hold of the property-owners and
retail merchants on Sixth and Larkin streets.
Attorney A. Heyneman engaged in a dispute
with Attorney F. Cook Caldwell yesterday and
Mr. Caldwell struck him several times in the
face.
The cold snap has materially improved duck*
shooting in the marshes, and many local
sportsmen are leaving the City for the tule
beds.
Mrs. Amanda Goodwin has applied lor letters
of administration on the estate of Robert
Goodwin, deceased, who left property valued
at $00,000.
Inquiry is made of the Postmaster of the
whereabouts of Herman Silberstein, last heard
of in this City, who has fallen heir to an es
tate in Germany,
H. C. Clark, charged with embezzlement by
his employers. Pecks & Bishop, Hartford,
Conn., will be taken back to the scene of his
crime in a few days.
Fair Saturday, with increasing cloudiness in
the afternoon; continued cold weather, with
heavy frosts Saturday morning.— A. G. McAdte,
\ local forecast official.
' The Cogswell Polytechnic College football
team will play the team from the Lick Poly
technic this afternoon at the grounds at Six
teenth and Folsom streets.
Dr. Campbell Ford's bill for $1555 against
the estate of Caroline Taber, deceased, has not
yet been allowed. Judge Coffey will decide
the question in a few days. y
At a meeting of the San Francisco Trade and
Labor Alliance last. night resolution! were
adopted condemning the maintenance of a
citizen soldiery in this State.
William Greer Harrison walked fifty miles
on his sixtieth birthday. He left this City at
6 a. m. yesterday and arrived at the Hotel
Vendoxne, San Jose, at 11 p. m.
An attempt to deceive the widow of the late
David Hunter by palming off a pair of dyed
horses upon her was discovered by her shrewd
ness apd the mean trick was exposed.
Judge Coffey yesterday granted the motion
of Samuel M. Shortr idge to compel Mary Viola
Hastings to produce all [he letters alleged to
have been received by her from the deceased
jurist.
Interest in the flying visitor of the sky con
tinues unabated. General Hart has given
some more interesting details regarding the
identity of the inventor and the construction
of the machine.
The Grand Jury yesterday made Inquiry con
. cerning the action of the Board of Education
in deciding to pay $52,500 for a tract ot land at
the corner of Guerrero and Eighteenth streets.
•Ten School Directors wore heard.
; The Los Angeles Consolidated Electric Rail
way Company has secured a new trial of the
damage suit brought to recover, for the death
of ■ Charles E. Everett of Los Angeles. Three
"Justices dissented from the decision.'
Daniel Sullivan, administrator of the estate
of Lucy Goodspeed, deceased, has filed an op
• position to the petition of a family allowance
'for the minor heirs, on the ground that there
is no money on hand to pay such claims.
A pack of thirty-eight foxhounds and sev
eral foxes are on the way from New York to
Ban Mateo, and the Bnrlingame Club is organ
. izing a hunting club. . Within a month the
old English epoi twill be the lad in San Maieo
County.
At a meeting of the Richmond District Im
provement Association, Wednesday evening, !
' the question of the extension of Butter street
through Laurel Hill Cemetery was earnestly
discussed, as well as the removal of all the City
■graveyards.
Th"<2 Union League Club is just now suffering
-from an overdose of water. The man occupy
ing one of the rooms above the clubs let the
water run in his bathtub until it overflowed,
deluged the room and leaked down into th«
club beneath.
' John Irwin, the blind miner who came near
dying from a dose of aconite at the Brooklyn,
.is -being cared for by the Salvation ,■ Army.
New-found friends are now trying : to raise a
• little money in order that he may bo treated
by an oculist.
> James F. J. Archibald confirms the story
that he will go to the top of a mountain in
New Mexico, upon which, according to legend.
500 Navajo Indians were starved to death, and
he thinks a balloon the best way to get up to a
seemingly inaccessible summit. '■- V
Interesting developments came to light yes
terday in the matter of the will of the late
Mrs. Mary B. Toland. Her little grandson,
. William Ridley Toland, contests her will on
the ground of mental unsoundness. Hie uncle,
Hugo Toland, testified by deposition. '
The Board of Health at a meeting held yes
terday in conjunction with a committee of the
J Board of Education, decided not to reopen the
four schools that have been closed on account
of diphtheria until proper plumbing has been
- put iv. ■■ A meeting of the Boaid of Education
will be held this evening. 
George . Treman, who was arrested Thursday
evening and detained at the Central police
station pending «n investigation as to the
• cause of Monte Heelings' (a woman's) deatn,
who was found in his room, 411 Pacific street,
was released las^evening. • An autopsy ion
, the woman's body disclosed the fact that death
was due to natural causes. '■.■.■',■'■','■. SO*vV.., ? ..y
Mrs. C. J. Allen, who resides at 378 Natoma
street, was arrested last evening on complaint
. of her neighbors and detained at the Central
'T'Oiice station on a charge of .'cruelty, to chil
dren. Mr*. "Allen has three children, Dora,
8 years of age; Eche, 4 years old, and Tebie, a
baby of 2 years. The -woman's >- neighbors
■ claim that the children have not been prop
erly provided for and for humanity's sake re»
ported the matter to the police. - ;• ;•-:
VIOLA HASTINGS"
LOSES A POINT
Ordered to Produce the
Alleged Hastings
Love- Letters.
WAS SHE CALLED WIFE?
Says She Had a Cartload of Such
Letters, but Would Not
Show Them.
JUDGE COFFEY SAYS SHE MUST
An Importent Move in the Cas3
Won ty the Counsel for Mrs.
Diri ing's Children.
When S. Clinton Hastings died the gen
eral public did not expect that a hitherto
unsuspected widow would loom upon the
horizon with a right band and open palm
extended for hi 1 * estate.
The contention now pending before the
Probate Court is all the more interesting
because of the prominence of the de
ceased. Judge Hastings was formerly a
Justice of the Supreme Court of the State
of lowa. He was the fir.-t Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of the State of
California and afterward its Attorney-
General, while he was universally recog
nized by his fellow-members of the bar as
a jurist of unsurpassed learning and legal
qualifications. An the iounder of the
Hastings Law College his name is a
household word in the ranks of the legal
fraternity.
The woman who claims title to some of
the dead man's effects sat in Judge Cof
fey's court yesterday afternoon while
Samuel M. Shortridge and Matt Sullivan,
counsel on both sides, argued on a motion
growing out of an incident during the
woman's examination before Notary Pub
lic Levy a short time ago. In tbe course
of that examination she swore that she
had a wagon-load of letters from the de
ceased, in which he addressed her as his
"Pettie," his '-Darling" and his "Dear
Wife."
Mr. Sliortridge, who was conducting the
examination on behalf of the Hastings
neirs. requested her to produce those let
ters, ii any such existed, and she declined
to do so. Mr. Sliortridge appeared before
Judge Coffey, and asked mat the court
make an order compelling her to produce
the letters lor his inspection.
Mr. Shortridce stated to the court that
Mrs. Mary Viola Hastings:, as she called
herself, alleged that she was the surviving
widow of the deceased, and that he was
not of sound mind at the time he execnted I
his will and the several codicils attached J
thereto. He then recited the fact or the i
deposition ana the statement of the woman \
regarding her possession of certain letters
alleged to have been written to her by the
deceased, which letters she alleged con
tained expressions calculated to stiow that
he regarded her as his wife. He argued j
that the letters were material to the case,
and that therefore the witness should b«
compelled to produce the letters.
Attorney Sullivan on behalf of the
claimant read a section of the code, and
argued tbat the woman could not be com
pelled to produce the letters beiore the
notary. He intimated that Mr. Short
ridSJe was "fishing."
"Ye?, fishing for the truth," replied Mr.
Shortridge.
In support of his motion, Mr. Shortridse
argued tuat he was acting under the regu
lar rules of procedure. The law was not to
be construed as preventing a party from
compelling another to produce boons or
papers when he is under examination us a
witness before a notary. If she had
been examined before the court there is
ne doubt that she would have been or
dered to produce the documents, they be
ing material. "The contestant claims to
do the widow of Judge Hastings. She
must at the very outset establish this
claim. She undertakes to do so by saying
that Judge Hastings recognized her as his
wife and addressed her many letters as
such. These letters, if they exist, are ol
vital importance in this case. It is idle to
question their materiality. The con
testant says they are in her possession. If
bo, we ask that they be produced," said
tbe attorney.
Judge Coffey granted Mr. Shortridge's
motion and said that he would glen the
necessary order at 2 o'clock this after
noon.
The taking of the deposition of the al
leged widow of Judge Hastings will be re
sumed before Notary Levy.
THANKSGIVING.
The Y. W. C. A. Emphasizes tho Day
With Appropriate Feavting.
The ladies of the Youug Women's Chris
tian Association, 1221 O'Farrell street,
spent Tiiantsßiving day in well doing
through the kindness and liberality of
many friends and leading merchants, who
contributed BO ( bountifully that the
day was hallowed to those who feasted
off their own abundance, by the knowl
edge that the deserving poor, «ick and
aged had been souzht oat, so tbat mure
than 100 poor families were maae happy
by a present of materials for a substantial
dinner.
The ladies gathered at the "home" and
assorted and arranged in boxes, and to j
each family was given a turkey or chicken,
ham, beef, flour, tea, coffee, sngar, crack
ers, vegetables, mince pies, etc. These
dinneis were carried to those who had
been visited and reported as specially
worthy, and made the day a glad and joy
ous one for them.
Puch benevolence keeps faith alive In
great cities and justifies the Christian pro
lession, which is t!ie glory of our civiliza
tion.
The ladies who took an active interest
in this work were: Mrs. William O. Gould,
Mrs. L. C. Redington, Mrs. Gteorga W.
Prescott, Mrs. If. Godley, Mrs. O. P.
Thurston, Mrs. J. Spruance, Mrs. A. R.
Baldwin, Mrs. I. H. Morse, Mrs. W. F.
Griswold, Mrs. J. Martel. Mrs. J. F. Mer
rill, Mrs. C. D. Ferqunarson, Mrs. M. P.
Jones, Mrs. N. Gh Kittle, Mrs. H. J. Std
l*r. Miss H. L. Reed, Miss H. Van
Winkle.
A Clever Cartoon.
The Wasp to-day presents Its customary pic
torial and other attractions, among Its former
being a snapshot at Governor Budd, at his
Thanksgivine repast in the executive depart
ment at Sacramento, with cold turkey as the
piece de resistance. Football aud its girlish
admirers Is the subject of comment in the Old
Maid's Diary, while the sporting world is rep
resented by the Wasp's latest snapshot tit
Snarkey. A humorous and caustic review of
how our laws are made at the capital is found
in a letter from tbe Hon. Lawrence Mulrooney
to his cousin across the water.
Searching for a Lost Son.
Mr. Covalgel of Petaluxna yesterday applied
to Mr. Welch of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children for assistance in finding
his son Arthur, who disappeared from home
a year and a half aeo ana who has not been
heard from by bis father since. The lad Is of
medium height, fair complexion, with blue
eyes, and Das a scar made by a stone on his
forehead. He is about 15 years old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 38, 1896.
"Yes, I am fishing for truth," said S. M. Shortridge, as he insisted that S. C Hastings' letters to the:
alleged widow be produced in court.
BABY TOLAND
WILL CONTEST
He Wants to Know Why
His Grandmother For
got Her Darling.
Aged Mrs. Toland Named the
Child "William the Grand,"
Then Cut It Off.
Neglect of That Which She Loved
Best on Earth a Sign of
Mental Incapacity.
An interesting contest i? pending in the
Superior Court in the matter of the estate
of Mrs. Mary B. Toh'.nd, who was the
I widow of Dr. H. H. Toland, celebrated in
I local history as founder of the Toland
j Medical College.
Reduced to its simplest analysis the
i legal battle now being waged is one
! wherein little William Gridley Toland,
j aged 7, seeks through bis attorney, Samuel
i M. Shortriuge, to have that part of his
grandmother's large estate fall to him
which, it is claimed, Mrs. Toland intended
WILLIAM GRIDLEY TOLAND, Infant Contestant of the Will of
His Grandmother, the Late Mrs. Mary B. Toland, "Who
Cailed Him " William the Grand."
to bestow upon the little piece ol humanity
whose veins contain her blood.
The infant contestant came into her life
in tbe mellow days of siivery age, a rare
and wonderful babe, handsome as a Greek,
eloquent as Demosthenes "in his inno
cent tears and liquid of childhood.
It was she who £rst held him in her happy
arms and taught him to lisp words of
love — and thus sweet babyhoou wooed and
won old age. It was by such means tbat
she came to name that whi<-h she loved
best in all the world, "Wiliium, the
Grand."
U has always been a mystery to those
who knew of the wealthy grandmother's
warm love for her grandchild that she
made a will wherein fie boy was cut off
with a pittance of $2000.
Tne cold logic of the law, the natural
equity recorded in musty tomes would
have given "William, the Grand," half of
his grandmother's estate, the other half
to her son Hugo, whose deposition ia now
being taken in the contest, and who
appears as a gladiator doing battle with
his baby nephew.
But the will contains many strange pro
visions that show how cruelly the frosts
of old age warped the nature of tbe testa
trix, causing her to bestow half of her
wealth upon strangers and livers others,
practically forgetting tbe child.
Tho following is the unique and
strangely punctuated reference made to
the child she so dearly loved:
To William Gridley Toland— The Son of doctor
Charles Oridlejr Toland— who took my hus
bands name after my marriage (now dead) He
being my son by a former marriage — Two
Tnousand dollars— As I had given to Dr.
Charles ail his father's properly— including
my share.
Tbe contestant's attorneys take the po
sition that it was a strange phase of men
tal capacity that undertook to provide for
a favorite grandchild out of funds spent
by its father before its birth. But it is
said that Dr. Charles Toland never got the
amount mentioned in the will.
These proceedings came to light yester
day during the taking of depositions in
tbe contest. The depositions were taken
in tho oliices of Deinias & Shortridge,
George H. Mastick representing Hu^o
Toland while John B. Mboon appeared for
various other legatees and Wilson & Wil
son for Grace Church.
It came to light that the aged lady
mused much in her last days over tbe
possibility of attnining literary immor
tality by reason of some verses she com
posed and paid various Eastern book pub
lishers to print. In her will the unique
statement appears that she added the
initial "M" to her name "because oi my
rithmic works." She bequeathed to the
Hopkins Art Institute the income of her
literary productions, also the illustrations
that appeared in various editions to make
plainer the meaning ot her muse.
The dramatis person© in the legal play
now on are chiefly Hugo Toland and his
little nephew, '"William, the Grand." The
estate for which they are hauling consists
of 3329 acres of valuable land in Solano
County known as Tolands Landing.
By the conditions of the will this land is
sought to be disposed of by a trust, de
scribed and created in such a way as to
raise a grave question as to Its legality. In
addition to the formal contest of the will
a suit has been brought in Solano County
to set aside the trust as illegal and void
and agamst the statutes authorizing the
creation of trusts in land.
The success of either of the suits directed
acainst the will would make the grand
child neir to half of its grandmother's
estate. Tnose who knew Mrs. Toland
bost believe that the victory of the con
testant would really result in the distri
bution of her estate as she intended it
should be distributed before she reached
that feeble state ot mind that caused her
to forget moral duty and abandon her
long-expre>scd intentions.
It was shown by many letters of the
deceased grandmother that she was very
fond of .Mrs. Charles loland, mother of
the contestant. Letters were produced,
showing that she frequently addressed the
doctor's family as "my dear little chicks,"
and signed hersel!, "affectionately, Mami-
ta," and u?ed like terms of endearment
on many occasions.
It was .ilso shown that the grand
mother's health was very bad for several
year? just before she died. She traveled
practically around the world, being treated
for bronchitis in India, Algeria, France
and elsewhere.
The little grandson's attorney has agreed
that if the will is broken the bequest
of $500 to Grace Church phall be given
from the child's part. The outcome of the
case will be looked for with great interest.
Tne biographical features of the Toland
family that benr on this case are not unin
teresting. The testatrix whose will is
being attacked on the ground of her men
tal incapacity bad a son, Charles Gridley
Tolond, by a former husband. He dieu
before his mother, and his mother died on
November 25, 1895. The only heirs thus
left were Hugo Toland, whose deposition
called out the foregoing facts, and ths lit
tie grandson, Wiiiiam Gridley Toland,
whoss father was Dr. Charles, "and whose
mother wns formerly Trella Foltz, daugh
ter of Mr?. Clara Foltz, the well-known
lawyer and lecturer.
Judge Slack long ago appointed Samnel
M. Shortridge guardian and attorney for
the infant contestant. In the discharge
of his duties ns guardian and attorney
Mr. Shortridge caused t::e facts stated in
this narrative to be brought to light.
Our Society Women
Ha a charming representative , , on '- Town
Talk's from page this week In Mr». c. Avery
McCarthy, a portrait of whom is reproduced.
The notable events; of the week are discussed
in very clever manner in the various depart
ments, among them the Cummlns-Doan and
Cooiey-Smith weddings, the 'Signal Corps re
ception, Kate Field : memorial, Ebeli'n Wagner
afternoon, teas by Mrs. Homer King Mrs
McCarthy end others the smart Bet, nil the
occurrences of ; musical interest and . the ap
proaching : horse show. Town . Talk , issues a
particularly, bright: number this; week. Its
literary features are of a superior character. •
; Not a single infectious disease is known
in Greenland.
A FATHER'S DUTY
TO HIS CHILDREN
Judga Coffey Asked to Set
tle a Disputed
Point.
Should Their Support Be De
rived From Their Dead
Mother's Estate?
R. C. Goodspeed's Application for a
F.imi y Allowance for Minor
Hdrs Is Opposed.
In Judge Coffey's court yesterday morn
ing a very interesting question was brought
up when the application for family allow
ance was made on behalf of the Goodspeed
children. The point at issue was whether
a father who is able to support his chil
dren ought to draw on their inheritance
for the purpose of paying their current
living expenses and for their education.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Charles F.
Hanlon, representing the special ad
ministrators of the estate of Lucy
C. Gocdspeeu, deceased, objected to
an allowance of $250 a month asked for
in the petition of K. C. Goodspeed, to pay
the expenses of his two minor children, of
whose persons and property he has been
appointed guardian. There was an inti
mation that the excess of family allow
ance, if put in possession of Mr. Good
speed, would be used for the purpose of
assisting the contestants of the will of
Mrs. Goodspeed, to the detriment of the
younger children, his wards, who are the
principal beneficiaries under the will.
The petition of Mr. Goodspeed sets forth
that Mrs. Lucy C. Goodspeed died in this
City on the 7th of last March, leaving an
estate exceeding in value $100,000; that be
has been appointed guaruian oi Eiland
Caarles Goodspeed, aged 14, and Florence
Norine Goodspeed, aged 12, children of tbe
deceased, and mat ne requested the grant
ing of a tamily allowance of $250 a month
for the proper maintenance of the chil
dren.
Mr. Goodspeed testified that he is the
father of Ryland and Florence. He was
formerly the husband of Lucy Goodspeed,
but she obtained a divorce. He enumer
ated a considerable amount of personal
and real property which he owns, and J
admitted that he now had some ,
$3000 cash on hand. He receives j
a regular salary of ?125 a month [
from the O. C. Pratt esiate as farmer. On |
his own account last year he made $2.'i00 >
and paid out $900 or $1000 for taxes and j
other expenses. Tbe minors named are j
now the only members of his family. He :
contributes some for the support of his I
married children, but that is voluntary.
Aiter the divorce from his wife he paid
$125 a month for the support of the chil- |
dren until his wile's death, which occurred
last March. Since that event he has paid
$60 a month to Mrs. Stanford, a sister of
the minors, for their support.
Mr. Goodspeed admitted that he had
borrowed $0000 on a 50- vara lot iv this City,
of which he has still $3000.
"Did you contribute any part of that
$5000 to the contest in this estate?" was
ai-ked.
Mr. Heggerty objected to the form of
this question.
Judge Coffey said it might bo modified
so as to elicit from the witness whether he
had contributed any of the money so bor- I
rowed to the support of the children.
Mr. Shortridce said: "1 will ask you the {
direct question, Have you not been an
tagonistic to the Interests of your minor
children and wards by contributing funds
for the contest of the estate of Lucy Good
speed, deceased?"
Mr. Heggerty objected, and there was]
KEW TO-DAT.
ELECTRIC
@ BELTS
$2.50 to $25.
The Belt -.that others charge you |40 for !
we guarantee to furnish for $25.
GALVANIC OR BATTERIES,
$4.00 t0^525.00.
ELASTIC STOCKINGS.-... $2.50
TRUSSES ...... . ......$1.50
' We have an immense stock of Trusses
and guarantee a perfect lit.
Scott's Catarrh Cure
6 months' treatment, 50
Call for free trial.' ' r tpO._
■'t (\6/ : BAYED on the price of prescrip-'
O\) /O tions, as we- pay no ' percentages
:to Physicians. ■
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
'.v 808 3V[«.x-ls.e>t Street, ' ' ■
bouta side, I*;, t'Mh and BUlo.
a spirited discussion lasting several min
utes."---". ".'".."" .* *.;• ';■ -« J ■ < ■
Then Attorney Garret McEnerney. rep
resenting the two children, took a "hand,
and omitting reference to the supposed
antagonism of Mr. Goodspeed to the in
terests of his minor children, who are
also his wards, asked:
"Have you appropriated that $2000, or
any part of it. for the purpose of carrying
on this contest?"
After considerable argument, in which
Messrs. heggerty, Hanlon, Shortridge
and McEnerney joined, the court allowed
the queslion. and Mr. Goodspeed answered
in the negative.
Mr. Goodspeed said he had always been
willing to support the children to the best
of his ability, and is willing to do so yet.
He will do all that the court requires of
him in that regard to the exteut of his
ability.
He said he is in good health and able to
provide some support for the children,
but not so much as he thinks they ought
to have.
Mr. Heggerty then attempted to elicit a
history of tho financial condition of Mr.
Goodspeed's elder children, and finally
asked what he thought the minors ought
to have for their support. He said they
ought to receive not less than $100 each a
month, of which sum he would be willing
to contribute one-half, or as much as the
court should think was proper.
It was explained that the attor
neys for the estate object to the
family allowance on the ground that Mr.
Goodspeed is able to support and educate
his own children and that it is his duty to
do so irrespective of their interest in the
mother's estate, said interest being con
tingent on the settlement of the estates of
N. E. Pratt and O. C. Pratt; that the
estate of Lucy Goodspeed has only a small
amount of money available lor payment
of a family allowance if ordered bj
the court, and that the property of the
estate does not produce revenue in exco^s
of the necessary expenses lor interest,
court fees, etc.
Mr. Hanlon. explained that it would be
very vexatious to have an order laid on
the administrator of the estate which he
could not obey, and then he would be
liable to be called up at any time to an
swer a charge of contempt on account of
non-payment.
Jurtge Coffey said that contempt pro
ceedings had been abolished in his de
partment, so far as laymen were con
cerned.
Daniel J. Sullivan, administrator of the
estate of Mrs Goodspeed, testified that
the estate now has $064 on hand, against
which there are claims amounting to $188.
The cash income is $65 a month for rent of
residence on California sireet. Interest on
the mortgage, payable monthly, is $54 a
month. In addition there are some court
fees and bills of printers for transcripts
and briefs.
Answering Mr. Heggerty Mr. Sullivan
said the estate owns 541 sacks of wheat in
3utte County, insured for $700. The wheat
is soon to be sold. Mr. Sullivan said he
had no objection to tbe granting of a
family allowance, except that the estate is
not able to pay it.
C. F. Hanlon testified that he is ac
quainted with the litigation in wnich the
Goodspeed estate is involved; that four
appeals are now pending, and that it is
n cessary to reserve all the available
funds of the estate in order to pay prsssing
bills. Mr. Hanlon said that he did not
tnink it would be for tho best interests of
the minors to have money paid to Mr.
Goodspeed, as it was understood that his
interests and sympathies are antasonistic
to theirs, so far as the contest of their
mother's will is concerned, and part of the
money might be used to their detriment
in that respect.
Mr. Shortridge then introduced the de
cree in the divorce proceedings brougiit by
the late Mrs. Goodspeed against her hus
band, in which decree the father was or
dered to support the minor children. This
decree is Mill in full force.
Argument of the case was continued
until next Friday.
new TO-DAT.
There's a furniture
show on Geary St.
Christmas furni-
ture— Dainty bits
suitable for gifts.
The furniture is
for sale, but the
show is none the
worse for that.
You're welcome,
anyway.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street ,*£&
i ■ " ' -—
HEW TCIiAT-AJCUSEMENTS.
TmeDLAMLJIC-OTTIOD «ar_imts m»rvnMftt • • •
I.AST I LAST 3
MATINEE! | PERFORMANCES!
JOSEPH GRISMER-PHCEBK I>AVIES!
Sutton Vine's Entertaining Melodrama,
— r-ißcxT3Vi:ja.axriT-5r : —
Management War. A. BRAi.Y.
[ Many . Thrilling. Beallstio and Brilliant Scenes.
! Combat on Horseback !,. Btai tling Explosion !
20 Horses— "JO Foxhounds— so People.
. MONDAY. Nov. £O— JOSEPH ORISMER and
PHOEBE DAVIK.S— "THE NEW SOUTH."
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL ;
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), Nov. 28.
Parquet, any seat, -Jsc; Ualcony, any sea:, I'Jj.
. *.;:;.■•*'• . Children,' 10c, any pert. -.;<i . .-.• -• .--
-... L The Bright Particulnr Btars?^B9S9»
GEORUK THATCHEII&EO. MARBLE,
'Tha far- Pam>-d Minstrels and Comedians.
EDWARD HKFFKKNAN, the Clever Irish Mon-
Ologuist. THK HENOLEK SISTEIia,
And a Great Vaudeville Companr. '
> Only Two NUhts More of
QUAKER CI TY- QUARTET, HOWARD
AND ITJLANI) and '
.; LAVATKR'B DOG ORCHESTRA.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 11 P. M. »
Concert Etery Afternoon and Saturday
■ 'and Sunday Evening*. .-
AUittissiuu-AUuli'* XQv, Children sc.
; . kets' to-day:
|i Woman's Writes | i
t \\
> Believe in Woman's Writes? l'\
■{l Of course we do. Who could (( >
!') help it when women write such <j !
■■'■»' convincing words as these: *& •
<^ ' " For seven years I suffered jj i
Si with scrofula. I had a good <j[
i[ physician. Every means of >>."',
\ |>;; cure was tried in vain.. At last y [
/ |j) I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- |"
<| parilla, * which entirely cured jj
(> me after using seven bottles." <,•
<[> —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort |»
<S Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. ,»
I Ayer's Sarsaparilla• ||,
I;Z:. ..cures... \
HEIR TO AN ESTATE.
Herman Silberstein Made Rich by the
Death of Relative* In Germany.
A. J. Silberstein of 5 West One Hundred
and Sixteenth street, New York, writes
from Chicago to th« Postmaster in this
City for information of his nephew, Her
man Silberstein, who was last beard of in
San Francisco. The uncle states that tne
young man's home is in Germany.
Young Silberstein's parents died recently
and left a handsome estate and consider
able money. This cannot be divided until
the executors ot the estate learn whether
the young man is alive or dead. The uncle
states that the young man will receive a
large part of the' estate.
*■ ■» —♦
"Wreck of the San Benito.
The local Inspectors of Hulls and iJoilezs
and Steamships will begin an investigation
into the matter of the wreck. of the steamer
San Benito next Tuesday.
IiXW to-dat:
Schilling's Best is good-
enough tea for body
Grocers will return your
money in full if you don't
like it.
A Schilling:& Company
XEW I TO-DAT—AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AX.U.AYMAN- <& Co. (Incorporated) .Proprtotori
MATINEE TODAYS-LAST TIME.
MR. 3ST. O. GOODWIN
And His Superb Company, he-ided by .HISS
MAXINK KLLIUTT.
—-IX Hl* KKW CUMEDY
An AJi&EITZTC: A 2ST CITIZEN
By Madeline motto Hyipy, Aotaor of
"Christopher Jr." |
TO-XIOHT —— Only Time
••a'IIB BIVALS."
Mr. Goodwin ns Fob A cms < first, time In America).
Next AVeok—Mß. WILTON LACKAYK,
Supported by Marie Watnurisiit and a strong Co.
Iv "l>r. Belgraff." Seats Now Ready.
BALDWIN THEATER—EXTRA.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVG.XOV. 29.
ZEISLER
GRAM) POPULAR
Orcliestral Concert!
FANNIE BLoOMPIKI.U tho Wood's
, • <!reat>'s Plamste. Assisted by the
HINRIOUS-UKKI. OBCHBB
A Great Program me. Including Rubinstein's D
.Minor and Chopin's X Minor concertos.
Seats $1 SU, $1 and 50c Peats now ready.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Ai IIAYMAjf & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
POSITIVELY LIST TWO JIPPEAKAJCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
GRAND FAREWELL
TO-I^riC3rE2:T.
LA - LOIE .Tr, c n ,-> r, r, r, r, r, r, n
In Her Wonderful Dances.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
JiiHiKuMunxK Kkki.in- ». Proprietor * jla.iAi*:
aiua.OT? NTZGSLTS
OF THK MERRY COMIC OPERA,
YgooMQyMiTAr
SEATS NOW ON SALE
FOR NEXT WEEK,
THE FAVORITE OPERA CO2IIQUE,
"THE LITTLE DUKE"
Ponul»" Pr»co«; 25e nn-i sOc«
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI/VER MOROCCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager
_—-DON'T FAIL TO SEE
HEEXJi's Beautiful Domestic Drama,
-HEARTS OF OAK!"
A Splendid Cast! Realistic Wreck Scene!
Grand Stage Pictures!
•Ev«nlner Prices—loo, 25c an* 508.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell st. bet. Stockton and Powel!.
£ela«co. Jordan <& i a Faille. lessees & .Managers
MATIXKK TO-DAY AT 3:15 O'CLOCK.
THK BEST PLAY I > YJSA.I.S I "
' The Modern society Drums,
"THE KXD OF THE CENTURY !"
Night—iOC, 25c, 35c. 60c. M:ii,lne«'»-10c. 25c, 35;.
.Telephone BlacK 991.
.: NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KENNEDY....;.'.............80!0 Proprietor
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
• Another Startling Senantfon!
TO-NIGHT, NOVEMBER 27
" . Prince of Hypnotists, . ■-■/'.-
Will Introduce a .Number of
HANDSOME LADY SUBJECTS !
Prices—loo, 15c, '2Bc, 60c. : Mat. Sat. and Sun.—
,-,. :■ 10c and 25c. - toa't Miss It. Lots ot hxxn.
RAClNfr^^^fe racing
—CALIIOB.VIA JOCKEY CLUB
• WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Monday,' November 16,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday,sWednesday,
■iliursday,. Friday and Saturday.
..». r . Main or shine. .
FIVE OR MOKE RACES BACH DAY.
Race* Start at 2:15' P. M. Sharp-
ferry Boms l*ave San Francisco a; 1.2, x. and
12:3 V, 1.00, 1:30 and 2:00 p. m.. connecting wi'.u
trains stopping at the entrance to track. '
■ Buy your ferry tickets to Berkeley. ■
Returning—Train* leave the Track at 4:15 and
4:45 r m. and immediately after the last race.
;,:--■ THOMAS «..WILLIAMS JB., President.
K. B. MILROY, Secretary. ; y,
r»U! ITPR Oner Datty From Noon to Mid-
-V-C V- ■ *>-*-». night; Adults 10c,Chl!dren Be.
"Arloni". Plrrl, Anlmfttoscope—FßEE I
Skating Kink Open Rain or Shine ■ .
B!G BALLOOS ASCESSM M SIS DAY!
• ■■. .. ■ ■
78
THE SPORTING WORLD
What the Lovers of the Field, the Stream and the
Track Are Doing.
Now that the great football game and
boating contests of the year are features of
the past the patrons of sport will turn
their attention to other lines of amuse
ment. '
The wheelmen have several races in con
templation, which, doubtless, will be well
attended.
Sportsmen who have a fascination for
duck and quail shooting are enjoying
splendid sport, and the anglers who look
forward to many pleasant days in the
country will soon have an opportunity of
testing their rods and lines on the game
steelhead.
Fanciers of the greyhound are now in
the height of their glory, as this is the
season of the year when hares run best.
The greatest feature in the sporting line
at present is boxing. On Monday evening
the Golden West Club will give an enter
tainment, and on Wednesday evening the
National Club will hold its big show in
the Pavilion.
THE WHEELMEN.
Success of the New Velodrome.
Associated Clubs' Meeting.
The success of the two big meets at the
Velodrome last Saturday and Thanks
giving day has prompted the manage
ment to have the entire place roofed
over, and work has already begun with
that end in view. With the place com
pletely ' protected from the elemeuts it
Charles Goodwin, the Crack
• Amateur of the San Francisco
Road Club.
will be a delightful recreation-ground,
and with the wina entirely shut off the
records will begin to drop on that track
so fast as to surprise people. It is a
speedy, safe, scientifically constructed
six-lap board track, is the one at the
Velodrome, and from both the riders' and
spectators' points of view is the best in
California. The San Jose three-lap
cement track is not to be compared with
it. With hardly yet time to become
thoroughly accustomed to it the amateurs
made a competition mile on it ti:e open
ing day in 2:07, and a paced mile in 1:57.
A lap *;as been made in :16 fiat, and a
paced half-mile in :56. This is record
time, and with proper pacing arrange
ments the track may soon become world
renowned for the records it will hoid.
It is the intention to hold fortnightly
meets from now on, and possibly nij;ht
racing later in the winter. The arrival of
some more of the Eastern flyers next
month and in January will give added in
terest to the sport, and altogether San
Francisco will probably enjoy as fine a
season of winter cycling-racing as any
city has ever had. There are plenty of
lovers of the sport here when it is good,
as has been evidenced by the immense
crowds at the two meets thus far given,
and they have gone away thoroughly sat
isfied with the racing as exhibited at the
new Velodrome. Every one was agreeably
surprised at the large crowd which at
tended Thanksgiving day, for it was feared
that the football game, as a counter-at
traction, would draw all the people. But
this was not so, for the Velodrome attend
ance was large and the enthusiasm high.
The meet to be held next Saturday will
probably be the best thus far given. Be
sides the usual scratch and handicap ama
teur and professional events there will be
tandem races, record trials and a match
. race between W. A. Terrillof the Bay City
\V heel men and W. E. Becker, the five-mile
National champion, for the Velodrome
shield which Terrill won a week ago, and
to bold which he has to ride every two
weeks, when challenged by a foeman
worthy of his "wheel."
Some excuse may be found for Allan
Jones' curious riding Thursday in the fact
that at the time Jones was of the impres
sion that Referee Welch intended to order
the nnal of the two-thirds of a mile scratch
professional run over, on account of the
slow time made, and he wanted to save
himself for it, knowing that /as a back
marker in the two-mile professional handi
cap he had little chance of winning a posi
tion or a prize. He applied to the referee
to be excused from tne race entirely, but
Mr. Welch could not see it that way, and
•rdered him to ride. Then Allan sulked,
loafed around the track for a few laps, got
in the way of the other riders, and finally
was ordered off the track. After a time,
when the referee announced that the two
thirds event should not be run over, Jones
probably wished he had not made such a
tame exhibition in the two-mile, particu
larly after the way the audience treated
him. It is safe to say that Jones won't do
it again, as he is a sensible young man
and must see that a repetition of im
Thursday's work would practically end
his racing days for all time. Here's hoping
he will do better the next time he starts.
The annual meeting of the associated
clubs will be held next Saturday evening
at the San Francisco Road Club, when
new delegates from the twenty-two clubs
belonging to the association will take their
seats aud a new set of officers will be
elected. The contest for the presidency
lies between A. P. Swain of the Acme
Club Wheelmen and A. W. Weihe of the
San Francisco Road Club. J. F. Hancock
of the Bay City Wheelmen will have no op
position to his re-election for the secretary
treasurership. The names of the follow
ing new delegates have already been sent
in to the secretary: Golden Gate Cycling
Club— Al Lewis, George Payton, W. J.
Black; California Cycling Club— R. s.
Duncan, W. O. Johnson, C. J. Vermeil;
Pathfinder Bicycle Clvb — Harry Goodman,
T. W. Flanigan, James Clunan ; Waverly
Cycling Club— B. W. Elston, P. Allen Joy
and Fred Siebe. The other eighteen clubs
must send in the names of their delegates
at once to secure their enrollment in time
for the election, or they will lose their
votes.
The road races scheduled for to-morrow
at Menlo Park have been postponed one
week. Tne entries will be reopened until
Wednesday next
The meet will consist of a quarter-mile
match race between A. B. Johnson of
Redwood City and Rod Taylor ot Menio
Park; a half-mile scratch, one-mile handi
cap and five-mile handicap.
The initial event is the match race be
tween Johnson and Taylor. Taylor was
th° acknowledged champion of San Mateo
County in 1895 and 1896 till recently, when
Johnson suddenly came into prominence
and startled local riders by winning a hard
fought novice in San Jose on September 9.
Johnson seems to be the favorite.
The capital invested in cycle manufac
tures in the United States is estimated to
be over $125,000,000 and the number of peo
ple empioyeJ in their manufacture and the
sale of wheels as over 150,000, according to
Cycling West. The output in 1896 was
about 1,000,000 wheels, worth $60,000,000.
The exports of 1896 for the first half of the
year reached $1,654,291, and the expecta
tion is that 50,000 American wheels will be
sold in England alone in 1897. Turee mil
lion wheels are in use in the United States,
a proportion of one to every twenty-lour of
the population. In France the proportion
is only one in 250.
The pool tournament at the Bay City
Club is progressing and has excited in
tense interest among the members. The
billiard-room is crowded nightly with
critics who cannot play themselves, but
have their own ideas how shots should be
made and never iail to express them
when a player misses. The score thus far
is as follows:
Names. Games
I Played
AMES.
Won.
IX)St.
_
Pike, J. M 3
Day, F. L 4
-palding, H. W 1
Kellom. A. E 2
Welch, H. W 3
Mence. A. J Jt
Hal!, George L. 1
Litavitt, John W 1
L'ald well. George P 2
Plummer, San ford 1
Mervy, Dr. K. T 2
Harloe, M. s 1
Kanzee. Au:in 2
Kobt-rw, J. B 1
Kliys, A. \V 2
'£
1
■ 1
2
1
2
1
1
0
0
1
• 0
1
0
1
1
3
0
0
2
1
0
0
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
A player losing three games is out of the
tournament, and Fred Day, one of the
.-■cratch men, is the first. Day plays an
excellent game, but his poor luck, coupled
with a tendency to get "rattled" at criti
cal moments, told against him. Among
possible winners of thje tonrnanjent are
Pike, Kellom, Leavittand Mervy. A good
many games will be played to-night and
to-morrow.
The League of American Wheelmen
now numbers 09,998 members, of whom
1628 are from this division. A correspond
ent writes to inquire of me the name of
the division official organ. It is the Olym
pic ido not know why the organ tailed
to publish the list of newly elected divi
sion officials, or why it never publishes
any league news nowadays. Ask the San
Jose correspondent of Cycling West. The
official organ is to be changed next month
vrith the beginning of the new league
year, and then, perhaps, the members wid
g^t their news more regularly and com
pletely.
T"»e chance that there will be a cut in
the price of really high-grade wheels for
next season is slight indeed. Some wheels
will be cut, of course, but a first-class arti
cle will always bring a good price, and this
refers to bicycles as well as anything else.
There will be plenty of cheap'wheels, but
the shoddy bicycle hns had its day, and
macnines of recogn.'zed make and merit
will have the call t/sreafter.
Secretary-Treasurer Scovern of the league
in this State, has issued the following
notice to members regarding road books:
All members of this division who have not
received a copy of tne 1895 edition road book
and desire a copy of the 189G road book, can
have same upon application to me, free.
Those members who 1 aye received a copy of
the 1895 edition road book and desire a copy
of the 189ti edition also, can have same upon
filing an application with me, and by further
paying 50 cents, this being the sum agreed
u> m by the executive committee at a meeting
cai ed for the purpose of arranging delivery
of road books.
The above charge was deemed necessary,
owing to the great cost ot issuing this 1896
edition, and to the further fact that the great
majority of our members have already been
supplied with copies of the 1895 edition.
As there are but 2000 copies on hand, mem
bers would be sure of securing a copy by im
mediate application. Stanley G. EftlVJUm.
Secretary-Treasurer North CaL Div. v. A. W
Among the many rising amateur riders
of to-day few are making such vast strides
toward the pinnacle of fame as Charles
Goodwin of the San Francisco Road Club.
He has been riding at the Velodrome
meets the past week, and, beinjr asked to
beat such men as Kenna, Mott, Squires,
Sharkey's "Fin." Fitz's "Ham "
One of These Fists Will Win $10,000 for Its Owner Wednesday
Evening: Next.
Decker and Birdsall, has found difficulty
in placing himself, but he is always sure
of a place in the finals when in condition,
and with a little more training and ex
perience can be counted on to show in
iront in many a speed contest. He is par
ticularly good in road events, and his
most recent performance in this direction
was the winning of the time prize in the
five-mile race at San Rafael on November
15 in 11:03, when he defeated Lind of the
Imperial Club, winner of tne time prize in
the great Associated Clubs' ten-mile race
in October.
The California Cycling Club will have a
run to the park to-morrow morning. In
the evening the members will assemble
for tbeir annual banquet at a local
rotisserie, and there eat good things and
make merry. This banquet is an institu
tion started some years ago by th? charter
members of the club, but not wishing to
be exclusive they have made it an annual
affair Tor all the members.
Frank H. Watters, the popular house
committee chairman of the Bay City
Wheelmen, will be associated with Wilbur
F. Knapp in the handling of the World
business on the return of the latter from
the Ease Spaldino.
RING AND GLOVE.
It Is Thought the Sharkey and Fltz
slmmons Fight May End Quick y.
It would not be shooting far off the mark
by stating that no greater interest has
been taken in contests pugilistic since the
time that Corbett was matched to fight
Sullivan, than there is at present in the
coming match between Fitzsimmons and
Sharfcey.
The sporting people of Australia, Eng
land and America are interested in the
outcome of this great event, and as a con
sequence every little notice that the papers
publish concerning the fighters and their
ways of training, etc, is read.
Sharkev is comparatively a new man in
the fistic business, but he has made such
rapid strides within a year that the
skeptics are puzzled and hesitate to give
an opinion. Of course it is the consensus of
opinion that FitZHimmons will win be
cause of his many victories at home and
abroad over men who were rated being
most iormidable opponents.
bince Fitz developed from a middle
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1896.
weight into a heavy • weight he has
whipped Peter Maher, Joe Choynski and
other fighters of prominence rather easily;
therefore it is no great wonder that a
large percentage of people interested in
fi-t icuffs look forward to the defeat of the
sailor on the evening of December 2.
But the Sharkey side of the question
must be given consideration before any
rash surmises are made regarding the out
come of this great contest, which may,
after all, afford the sporting world a
strange bit of surprise, as the unexpected
not infrequently happens within the
"squared" circle. Allowing that Fitzsim
mons has defeated two of the leading
lights among the heavy-weight division
of fighters, is that a reason why he should
be booked as a 3 to 1 «hot over the sailor?
The latter has met and practically de
feated pugilists of even greater renown
than those whom his opponent sent to
grass.
With all due respect to that game and
clever pugilist Joe Cboynsui, Sharkey did
not, receive just treatment wen they met
in Mechanics' Pavilion In the first
round Joseph banged Thomas- around the
ring as he t leased, but when the sailor re
tired to his corner he quickly concluded
that a stand-off fight would result "disas
trously to him, and when these cond round
was called he charged at his opponent
iuily determined to stan I his ground, and
play a game of give and take.
In the mixture Shancey hit Choynski a
short-arm blow in the pit of the stomach,
which doubled Joseph up, jack-knife
shape, and the referee immediately
stepped between the contestants and or
dered them to their corners.
Choynski resorted to a very cunning
subenuge to gain time, as bis pipes were
greatly impaired. After a good rest the
contest was allowed to so on, and nothing
vi a very exciting nature resulted until
the last round of *he engagement, when
there was a lively mix-up, in which
Sharkey gave as good as he receieved. In
fact he was much the fresher man when
the gong sounded the end of the milL
Choyuski, for some reason best known
to himself, did not appear to be particu
larly anxiouH for a return match with tne
sailor, although the latter made known
his desires to meet his opponent at any
place suitable to Joseph and his manager.
The National Club was figuring on giving
a lame purse for a second meeting be
tween Sharkey and Choynstci or Sharkey
and Peter Maher, when CorDett dropped
into town, ostensibly on a visit to his rela
tives and friends.
One evening when Corbett was feeling
in good humor, presumably after a French
dinner, he remarked in his brother's sa
loon that he wouldn't ask for a better
thing than an opportunity to BtopSl;arkey
in lour rounds. Of course the news was
quickly conveyed to Sharkey and his
manager, Dan Lynch. The sailor natur
ally grew indignant and insisted on his
manager interviewing Corbett, aud if pos
sible to get his signature to an agreement.
After much bantering and bickering
articles were drawn up and signed. What
was the result? Why, everybody who
was supposed to Know anything" about
rinji matters predicted a decidedly easy
victory for the champion.
Many local sports who are considered
close observers and good judges of fisti
cuffs stated openly that Corbett would
whip the audacious sailor in a couple of
punches, and even some went so far as to
say that in condition or out of condition
Corbeit could easily dispose of Sharkev
with one band free and the other "tied
behind bis back."
Oi Corbett it must be said that he was
not in first-class shape when he faced the
sailor's music Jim rated Sharkey an easy
game, that could be easily captured by a
clever exponent of the manly art, and he
trained just sufficient to dispose of what
he believed Sharkey to be — "a big, husky
fellow whose knowledge of boxing was
very limited.
Although far from perfect, "the profes
sor" was not by any means in Door condi
tion. Members of the Olympic Club with
wnom Corbett exercised will not hesitate
to say that the champion trained hard,
and was in pretty fair condition to go a
stiff len-round fistic argument.
A few days previous to :he fight he
boxed three men. going each man a sharp
four-round, and immediately after tbia he
played several hard games of handball
witn two of the leading players of the
club and then did not, apparently, feel
the effects of the severe exercise.
Unless Jim was is in tolerably good form
he certainly could not have stood a heavy
strain on his constitution without showing
the effects, ypt four rounds with the dough
ty sailor disrupted all of Corbett's fondest
calculations and placed bim in such a
position that the sporting people actually
took pity on him.
In the last two rounds of the fight he
resorted to strategy, and by desperate
hugging and clinching he remained on
his pins until the gong saved him from
what came within an ace of being a fear
ful defeat.
Corbett certainly underrated Bharkey in
many ways, but what astonished him
most of all was the sailor's phenomenal
ability to take heavy punishment and
then return to the scratch like a roaring
lion for more medicine. Corbett hit the
muscular mariner several blows that
would put to sleep most fighters of the
present day, and doubtless the result dis
heartened the *in» of the heavy-weights.
Now the question risked is: Can Fitz
simmons hit the sailor hard enough to
stop his rushes? The general opinion is
that the elongated Cornisbman can do it,
but unless the trick is accomplished inside
of four rounds Sharkey will prove to be
the winner of the right.
The retired blacksmith is, however, very
confident of capturing the $10,000 prize
pot, and he has stated to frends that he
will put an end to the sailor's hornpipes
the first good opening that will be given
bim to uppercut his man.
"I have a pretty good idea," said Fitz,
"of how Sharfcey intends to fight me. I
expect that he will charge like a Texas
bull with head down the instant the gong
sounds the attack. I understand that he
will hold his left arm in such a manner as
to protect his chin and the right will be
used as a weapon for administering
punishment.
"This is all well and good and may do
for Cori ett, Choynski and others, but you
can bet dollars to doughnuts that I will
bring that left arm down the first sma9h I
give the champion sailor in the short ribs.
Then you will see how he will hold his
chin, the point of which I will touch
gently; yes, gently enough to satisfy
Sharkey that he was never born to become
a champion pugilist."
Sharkey will doubtless feel amused at
this. Tom is as confident of whipping
Fitzsimmons as he is of entering the ring
on next Wednesday evening. He expects
to stop some heavy blows, but if con
fidence will win him a victory the Cornish
man will not come up for the second round
at the call of time.
The National Club, under whose aus
pices the fight will take place, is certainly
deserving oi commendation lor its untiring
and faithful efforts in briniring before ti>e
sporting people of this City the foremost
renters of the land in limited round con
tests. In fact there is not a club west of
tne Rocky Mountains that would dream
of offering a purse of $10,000 for a contest
between any two men, it matters not
what their reputations as pugilists may be.
The club is aware that the sporting people
of this City have the utmost confidence in
its integrity and ability to conduct boxing
entertainments, whicn will be free irom
the least suspicion of hippodrome, and it
therefore feels as if it will receive suffi
cient financial support to engage the best
fistic talent procurable and that all great
contests will be held in this City under its
management in the future.
Ryau, the pugilist, who is to meet
lracey Monday night, is a comparatively
new man, but a glance at his record
shows a straight string of knockouts
against middle-weights, heavy-weights
and all sorts of weights.
It is said that the winner will b
matched against Walcott for a large purse
and the world's championship.
•v° c ® tenzler b »a commenced work
with Mtzsimmons, and being nearly in
condition at all times, as was shown when
he fought Van Bu-kirk, will oe in excel
lent fettle when He faces his big oppo
nent from Marysville.
The ring and seats have been so ar
ranged in Union Hall that a fine view of
the contests can be had from any part of
the house. The hall has been specially
renovated for the occasion, and the
Golden West Club can be congratulated
on the appearance of its headquarters.
HANDBALL.
Young Men Who Are Rapidly Com-
Insr to the Front— A Tournament.
The old vets who play handball will
soon have to give way to the lads who are
rapidly forging to the front.
Some years ago when a man of between
20 and 40 years of age could use both his
left and right bands to good advantage he
was looked upon as a phenomenon. In
/. COLLINS, n yean. X. MURPHY, 17 yeara. J. WHITE, 16 years. E. TOY, 19 yean.
The Coming Champion Handball-Players of the Coast.
fact, the handball players, with few ex
ceptions — that is, prior to Jones' arrival —
relied solely on the execution they could
do with their "rights" to win a rub. The
left hand was used as a sort of scoop to
catch balls that could not be taken very
well with the right. The great Australian
player revolutionized things, so to speaK,
and he was not many months living
under American colors when left-handed
plßyors loomed up on all s.des.
Jones taught many young men how to
play ball properly, and to-day the best
players in the State are lads about 17 years
of age.
To any lover of the game it is a treat to
see the young idea juggling with the
handball in Phil Ryan's court, on Howard
street. Mr. Ryan states that he will soon
give a handsome cup for a contest be
tween young men of between 16 and 20
years of age, p.nd there is no gainsaying
the fact that a tournament in which young
men contest for supremacy will prove far
more interesting than games that are wit
nessed almost daily between men who
have seen better days.
The San Francisco handball court man
agement states that a particularly good
programme has been arranged for to
morrow, and all lovers of the pastime are
invited to be present.
J. McKeon challenges J. Kilgallon to a
game of handball at the Eureka court,
best three out ol five, the victor to re
ceive the Eureka court gold medal, now
held by McKeon. Kilgallon is the ama
teur champion of Denver.
GUN AND GAME.
The Cold Snap Has Improved Duck
Shooting: In the Marshes.
The sportsmen who left this City last
Saturday evening for their respective
hunting quarters in the marshes congrat
ulated each other on the excellent pros
pects for bagging much game on the day
following.
The weather was what old hunters pro
claimed as being real "duck weather," but
for some reason best known to the web
footers of the swamp lands there were
few ducks in sight on the day that the
sportsmen expected to reap a big harvest
of broad bill-.
Why the birds vacated the swamps on
Sunday is explained by Billy Murdock,
the famous duck caller of the Sonoma
marshes. Murdock says that during his
forty years' experience in duck-shooting
he cannot remember of a season when the
birds remained in the marshes after the
first good rainstorm.
"It stands to reason," said Billy, the
mallard caller, "that all of the broad-bill
family of quackers are fond of greens, and
when the opportunity arrives :or a mess
they don't hesitate in' breaking away from
the marshes and paying tbeir best re
spects to the gren fields, where they
win-ale and quack all night long and
return at early morn to tue bay."
The sharp north wind of the past few
days will materially improve the sport of
duck-shooting on the marshes. In fact,
first-class results were had by some hunt
ers who were out shooting on Thursday,
and according to the present outlook the
rubber-booters who will be in the marshes
to-morrow morning should return well
satisfied with their outing.
In the vicinities of Antioct and Rio
Vista thousands of wild ducks, principally
widgeon, sprig and blackjacks, have been
-een during the week, and the market
hunters are repairing to those places whf re
the ducks find rest during the day. John
Lemmer of this City bagged seventy-three
birds near Antioch on Thursday, and he
reports that good shooting was had all
along the river. Two men who were
snipe-shooting near Rio Vista last
Wednesday Dagged 196 birds, and they
reported never haying seen English snipe
so plentiful. They discovered the long
bills in a field that was recently plowed.
It is said that first-class snipe-shooting
can be had near Suisun. In fact, the
birds have become very numerous every
where since the cold snap arrived.
It is stated on pood authority that the
keepers in the Suisun marshes scatter
broken glass along the trails tramped over
by poachers, and that several hunting
boots have been cut recently. The hunt
ers are of the opinion that the club men
are resorting to very small schemes to
gain a point, but they say the game will
work two ways.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
wiil make a strong fight at the next ses
sion of the State Legislature to have passed
a bill that will combine in one enactment
ail the present game and fish laws, with
clauses covering the many defects in the
laws now in force. The bill, it is said,
will create one ohief warden, to receive a
small salary, who will have the power to
employ sub-wardens, to be paid only for
the actual time they work. A legislative
committee will be appointed at the next
monthly meeting of the association, which
will be next Tuesday evening.
The director-general of the Mallard Gun
Club, Bill Nye Esq., announces that a
grand "tea," in honor of the fourth anni
versary of the duck-shooting season, will
be given on board the battle-ship "Aerial
Monster" on to-morrow (Saturday) even
ing at 11:59 o'clock. The ship is anchored
in Cordelia slough, Suisun marsh.
JuseDh Phillips, a Justice of the Peace
at Raritan, N. J., must be given credit for
devising a novel method for calling the
attention of Hunters to the game laws of
that State. The other day he hung a
placard on the outer wall of his office to
which was attached a woodpecker, ana be
*neatb the bird, neatly lettered, was the
following: "This bird cost a poor Italian
hunter $2175. Ye who are ignorant of
the game laws of this State take warning."
Instead of hanging out placards, ala
Joseph Phillips of Ilaritan, N. J., the Jus
tices of this place generally send notices
to s;ame-dealers arrested for transgressing
the gome laws to come and see them.
Wild pigeons are very plentiful near
Mill Valley, and hunters who have just
returned from Point Reyes report having
seen large flocks flying over the Country
Club's preserve.
BASEBALL.
Exciting Games to Be Played on the
Diamond To-Morrow.
The Alameda Alerts have accepted the
challenge of the S winner tons, and will
play them at Central Park on Sunday.
They will line up as follows:
Swinnertons. Position. Alerts.
Eager Catcher. W. Hammond
IJ«-nnesy .Pitiher MoKeo
Mcbtioey First base Brochoff
Van Nor den. Second base Gold wort hv
Pfifer .". Third base Bird
Me cr molt Shortstop • Webber
A . Broehoff Lett field Croll
Murphy........ ...... .Center Held J. Hammond
Lavele ............. .Eight field :........ Coughlln
The Imperials will play tha San Fran
ciscos to-morrow at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets. Game will.be called at 2p. m.
The teams will line up as follows:
Imperials. Position. San Franclscos.
Stnnley. Catcher....:...... Scott
Kelly or McCarthy.. .Pitcher ......Iberg
Wilds. first base.. ....Mnrphy
Creamer Second base Beckett
Smith Shortstop ...; Krng
Kiley... Third base ...Sweeney
Muller .." .Left field.. .....Leonard
jUagee.... Center field .. . Mertea
Bliss. ............ Right field... Cooney
On Thanksgiving day the Presidios de
feated the Will & Fincks by tae close score
of 4 to 2.
Both teams will play to-morrow at the
Presidio athletic grounds for $100 a side,
and an exciting game is looked for.
THE ANGLER.
A New Manager Will Soon Take
Charore of Point Reyes Hotel.
Midwinter anglers who take pleasure in
standing on the bank of a river on a cold
day and watching, freauently for hours at
a time, the tip of their rods in expectation
of a sudden "yank" from a denizen of the
deep, are now making ready for a visit to
some of those localities where the arrival
of Mr. Steelhead is daily expected.
Latest intelligence from Duncans Mills
states that a recent rise in the Kussian
River, which wait caused by the late rain
storm, will materially improve the sport
of angling. The river is at present clear
ing rapidly, and Mr. Morgan oi Duncans
Mills is sanguine that a week hence first
class fishing will assuredly result, as the
bar is open and quite a number of fish
have lodged in the deep pools near the
mouth of Austin Creek.
Last Sunday two steel cads were caught
in Tamaipais Creek that scaled respect
ively two and three and a quarter pounds.
It has been learned on good authority
' " • : ."; ■' '" ; 'V' V ; 'NEW 10-DAT. : - : '-\.
WhatXil^YouT
MANY PEOPLE COMPLAIN OF FEELING OUT OF SORTS IN VARIOUS
I*l1 * 1 ways and yet are not able to tell what causes it. , They do not feel bad enough to
take a course medical treatment, .but know that something is wrong. Of course,
K^il^-^^C^^^C. , something needs attention, for no one feels bad without a
•^h^g^3,f£^&O^^r caQ se, and here is where Dr. Banden proves his great value." i
tmWPv^^iM^M 116 ha * the faculty of tellin S nia Patients what the trouble !
■I^D^SANOIMs^^ 13 i and the honesty to advise them for their benefit. Often
lfs&&S T>^*_B£^ifPJ lt is only * little ' nerve trouble, which : can be cured in a
few weeks with Dr. Sanden's famous Electric Belt,, or it
VTS^Q^il ft J~<bfc^? may ** the forebodings of ; serious complications which re-
>^sfs2^"f> " qaire hasty action, oln either case Dr. Sanden will frankly
>** . guide his patient to renewed health. He baa had thirty
years' experience in medical practice and knows disease in all its forms. He charges
nothing; for examination and advice personally, or by mail, and .if he says the Dr.
Sanden Electric Belt will cure he will give the patient the benefit, free of charge, of
his personal attention until the cure is completed. >' ' -
This is the great advantage gained in using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt— you use it
under a physician's direction. He is an expert in medicine and an expert in medical
electricity. =It is unsafe to use electricity in any other way. The book, 'Three Classes !
of Men, tells all about Dr. Banden's system. It is sent, closely sealed, by mail,; free. !
-■ , ®-A-3>3"30^3»T BIjBOTRIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL; SAN FRANCISCO.
so Br'oad^.'pLt*,^ & *$% wM J Sundays 10 to I. Offices at Los Angeles, CaL. 204
£/?4^ a f. : £ ortlan< ?\°£'' 253 Washington treat. . -,■"., v*
r .Make no mistake la the nambet-638 Market street
that Al Hall, a sportsman and angler, who
has been conducting the affairs of Point
Reyes Hotel for some years, will retire
this month to take the management of a
hotel in Olema.
The old anglers' headquarters at Point
Reyes will soon be in charge of a jientle
ma'n who will cater to the anglers' wishes
in every particular. Teams will be ready
on the arrival of trams from Bausalito to
convey sportsmen to any point on the
stream.
In the evening anglers, "instead of
tramping" from the "Sandspit' and
"White House" to their destination, as
formerly, will b« called for and driven to
the station in time to catch the home
board train. Doubtless appreciation of
tfi is kind will be reciprocated by the fra
ternity, who love to sit and watch for the
bite ''lhat sometimes never came."
FOOTBALL.
Games That Will Be Played To-Day
and To-Morrow.
The Green "C" will play the Cardinal
"B" a game of football to-morrow at Six
teenth and Folsom streets at 1:30 p. m.
Both teams have been training faith
fully and the game will be full of good
snappy playing.
They will line upas follows:
Green "C." ' % Position. Cardinal "B."
Lamey..... K. End L... .....Zan
Smith.. .-.;......... 8. Tackle fc....: Conway
McD0na1d. ......... R. Guard 1i.............:..Cur1ey
Regan ...........Center..... Cl ?X ley
Daly L. jiuard R. ...White
Hughes I* Tackle R Jordan
Canning...... .1* Endß... x Fan D in?
Regan 1Chv1 )........ Quarterback ..Crimmins
Er1enhein.....:....8. Half L.... .....Thorp
O'Brien .........!» Half B. ... McDonald (Capt.)
Fitzgerald Fullback ......:.. Morton
As may be seen, the Green "C" team is
composed .principally of the men who
played last year under the name of Com
pany C, League of the Cross Cadets.
;In addition to the football game there
will be a game of baseball— therefore the
football game will be called at 1:30 p. m.
sharp.
The Cogswell Polytechnic College will
play the Lick Polytechnic School a match
game of football to-day at 2:30 P. m. at Six
teenth and Folsom streets.
Four of the largest academic schools of
the State will be represented on the Six
teenth and v Folsom street grounds this
afternoon, when two football matches will I
be played, one between the eleven from
the Stockton High School and a team rep
resenting St. Matthew's School of San
Mateo, and the other between the Lowell
High School team of this City and the
Oakland High School eleven.
Ail four teams are in fine condition after
a long season of training and previous
matches, and should put up a good game.
St. Matthew's is the favorite, with Oak
land High School a good second.
The officials will be from the Varsity
team of the University of California. Cap
tain and Fullback Ransome will referee,
Quarterback Kennedy will umpire and £.
Craig and Tackle Ludlow will act as lines
men:
FIRST GAME.
Stockton High. Position. St. Matthews.
Caits.. L. E. B Wamble
Peterson L. T. R Dickie
Elements L. G. X..... Henian
Caner C. Woliey
Wi150n....... R. G. 1,......., Cnrtner
Harrison .........K. X. L,... Bannister
Jones R. E. 1... Snltzer
Carter Q. Johnson
Yost .....L. H. R ...Manley
McAllen. R. H. i. Oeisaler
Henderson F Galvey
Thorpe 1 t crothers '
K«iayon j...Fredericks | ...Fredericks |
Kboades... I Snh , t itute«. J Bishop I
Yardley > Substitutes, -{ Nichols
Sellman | I Wallace
Motelng j [. Smith
SECOND GAME.
Lowell High. Jt'os tion. Oakland High.
Robinson L. E. X.... E. King
Jackson i.. T. R..........Nedderman
Cook ..!> G. R ...........Nelson
O'Connor C. ..Walton
Cook.. K. G. Ii Foster
Chadwck R. T. L .......Tafts
K. Bishop R. E. L. Ayres
Moore V n -a*. .
Noble \ - G ' Russ
Varney... L. 11. R.... Chestnut
F. 8i5h0p...... .......R. H. L...... J. King
Tickner F...:. ....steele
; : .-,-Jv"T .....Collier
..Wills
.veGeenan. ...........] ra^TSS
KonnAdv ■ L ■ •• Clement-
IgS:::::::::::::}^-." 1;;;;:1 ;;;;:± ISoSl SoS
May " Session
Allen
I English
The two winning teams will contest for
the State academic championship in a
final match game next Saturday afternoon
at the Sixteenth \ and Folsom-atreet
grounds.
Coursinß.
There will be a twenty-four all-aged
stake at Ocean View Park to-morrow.
Some of the finest coursing ever seen on
the coast will be witnessed, as there are
s>nch cracfc dogs entered as Fireman,
Ripht Bower, Olden W, Vida Shaw and
88. W. Flynn will judge and W. Trade
will handle the slips. The following is
the result of the drawing: J. Lennon's
Tempest vs. W. Flynn's M.ilo, J. Lennon's
Emsport vs. Gibson and Moore's Molly
Bawn, G. Parkinson's Fireman vs. W.
Murphy's Cliffette, J. J. Edmonds' Valley
Queen vs. J. Keenan's Tessie Fair, Cronin
and McDonald's Best Trump vs. W. Peters'
Lieutenant, J. J. Edmond's Vida Shaw vs.
T. Walton's Bobolink, Cronin and Mc-
Donaid's Reliance vs. J. Lennon's White
Ciifion, J. Seggerson's White Chief vs.
Richmond kennel's Uncle Sam, J. J. Ed
monds' Olden W vs. J. C. Talbot's Lady
Blarney, A. Merrill's Ben Brush vs. J.
Keenan's Gaslight, A. Merrill's Tojnmy
Hall vs. Dillon and Reilly's Rlgnt Bower,
J. J. Edmonds' B B vs. Gibson and Moore's
Monitor.
BUTTER-STREET EXTENSION-
Richmond Wants That. Thoroughfare
Opened Through Laurel Hill.
At a meeting of the Richmond District
Improvement Association held Thursday
evening in Simmons Hall, corner of
Fourth avenue and California street, a
resolution was adopted calling for the
closing of the cemeteries in the City; also
for a strict enforcement of ordinance 2950,
approved January 31, 1896, prohibiting the
sale of burial lots in those places of inter
ment. A committee was appointed to
prepare and present to the coming Legis
lature a bill for the accomplishment of
this object.
A resolution was also adopted favoring
the increase of pay of men engaged in
sweeping the streets by hand from $1, the
present rate per diem, to $2. It is the
unanimous feeling of the association that
the present pay is too small and tends to
degrade the labor of the sweepers, many
of whom are men with families and to
tally without other means oi support.
The proposed extension of Sutter street
through Laurel Hill • Cemetery and into
Richmond District was discussed at
length. It was stated by several members
present that no important graves in plata
were on the line of the street except that
of David ■ Broderick. This large monu
ment of the dead statesman need not be
moved, as it would stand exactly in ' the
mid / dle ° the street, which could, if de
sired, be widened at that point The hon
ored tomb would be a splendid ornament
riLiT thor °u«bfare, , standing as it
In °V he crest of the hi H- i
honor thß Supervisors-elect were made
trie m member 3 of the Richmond Dis
trict Improvement Association.
DEEDS PHOTOGRAPHED.
latest Step. In the Famou, Contest K# .
Barding the Fair Will and the
Craven Claim.
Counsel hin the Fair will case met in
Taber's Photograph aa " ery yesterday, a3
Deimas & Shortridge declined to allow the
deeds to be photographed with any instru
ments other than Taber's. They also re
fused to _ allow any inspection of the deed"
unless _ the papers remained under their
supervision. «»eir
Later in the day counsel made an agree
ment with Pearson & McEnerney. under
which Messrs. Carvalho and Ames came to
the office of Delmas & Shortridce in the
afternoon, where they made a lengthy ex
amination of the original deeds with micro
scopes. This morning the photograph
will be banded to the counsel on tha
opposite side.
J ___';' SEW TO-DAT.
By DIRECTION Of "
LORDSHJSDUOT
A British Consul Submits a
Novel Means of Strength-
ening the Army.
Not by Enlistments, but by In-
creasing the Individual •
Efficiency of the Men.
That in these modern days the Govern- '
ments of the world . neglect nothing that
promises to be an aid in prosecuting war,
or which may in any way benefit their
armies, is shown by the novel suggestion
contained in the subjoined extracts from
British official records:
Foreign Office to Royal Gardens, Kew. •
Foreign Office, October 3, 1890.
— I am directed by the Marquis of
Salisbury to transmit Herewith, for your
information, copy of a dispatch from her
I Majesty's Consul at Babia, containing a
{ report on the use and properties of the
sterculia bean. I am, etc.. *
(Signed) T. V. LISTER.
The Director Royal Gardens, Kew. "
(.Inclosure.)
BAHIA, September 6, 1890.
My Lord— l have the honor to bring
under your lordship's notice, in the event
j 'that it may prove useful to her Majesty's
| War Office, the great powers of endurance
I and strength in lifting heavy loads } and
transporting them to long distances in
this tropical .. climate possessed by the
West African negroes in tnese parts,
which personal observation and conversa-
tion with them and West African traders
who visit this port enaDies me to attribute
to the free use of the stercuha bean, which
I learn is now being introduced into the
Frencn army after research, study and ex- T '
periments made at Marseilles by Dr.
Heckle, professor of science of the Medical
Academy there. The West Indian car-
riers at this port, who use sterculia and
carry the bean wrapped in banana about
their person, are, as a whole, " not, physi-
cally speaking, superior men to the Bra-
zilian negro, and yet the African, through
constantly masticating sterculia, can en-
dure labor and fatigue which the Brazilian
carrier cannot withstand. These beans,
which are not intoxicating and in no way
injurious, act as a nutritive, quench thirst
and produce vigor and freshness. I
have, eta,
(Signed)
GEORGE ALEXANDER STEVENS,
Consul.
The Marquis of Salisbury, K. G., etc.
The product of the seeds or nuts alluded
to is known to civilization as Kolafra, the
article called V.no Kolafra being ' the
standard preparation of it. Vino Kolafra
possesses all the stimulating and strength-
ening properties of the nut itself, and is
used and commended .by athletes, in.
valid*, employers of labor, business men
leading members of the learned profes-
sions and all who need a safe and certain
invigorant and tonic.
It occupies a wholly exceptional dosi.
won among stimulants in that it produces
a pervading and sustained effect not fol-
lowed' by the depression or reaction in-
separable from all other-. :
The introduction to civilization of the
sterculia fruit in a practical form is due to
the efforts , of the - Brunswick Pharmacal
Company of 92 William street. New York
whose experiments in the tropical home
of the tree, covering a period of several
years, have been frequently referred to by v
the press throughout the country.
It strengthens and regulates the action
of the heart, deepens the breathing, re-
rains the waste of tissue and nerve force
under unusual exertion, and develops a
degree of physical and psychical power
which surprises all who experience or wit«
ness it. ;
Physicians have commended it for use
in cases of anaemia and weakness from
any form of functional debility or nerv-
ous prostration. For chronic invalids
and those who are slowly- convalescing
after acute illness there is nothing to com-
pare with it in the list of remedies.
In fact, Vino Kolafra is in some mys-
terious way a renewer of vitality, a tonic
in the highest meaning of the. word; and
if Governments find it helpful to armies in
the field it is certainly an equally impor-
tant aid in the hard campaign of life.
I A^ERLMNENT cure I
? of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and 5
C Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 days; no s
< other treatment reqnlred, and without the nuu-5
I c seating result a of dosing with Cnbebg, Copaiba
C or Sandal-Wood. J. Ferre & Co., ( successors to?
; <BrouV Pharniaclen. Paris. At all druggists. ? t
«£go*62| rK
MBF CUJJEeT^B Gloet, Spermatorrhoea!
JBC9Jr inltoSda7i.TO Whites, unnatural dia-
Jff Quar»nt«<i X& charges, or any inflamma-
■•■not to «trletore. tion, irritation or ulcera-
£^rrev«« conugioß. tion of in uco v 8 inem-
|>'«ITHEEVANS ChemicuCo. branes. Non-astringent.
I^LCINCINNATI.O JBHjBf Sold by UruKgiatc,
XSffi^ U. 3. x. *£>&8 °r sent in Plain wrapper.
■ ■^■g>rfftt m Circular sent or.--- nasf.
fIcMUM'S /\ni| IBfl
ouiiifOPlUlh
The pur« essential extract from the native drug. Con
tains i all . the I valuable medicinal , properties of Opiun
without . Jti noxious elements. 1 . No sickness cf stomach ,
no Tomlt.iig ; no costi veuws ; no headache. All DrujrKisM a
f^vriicox COMPOUND
Tn&NSY9PIUS
jt\M Safe and sore relief, never lail. others
are Imitations.- A t all druggists. Write for
JH Woman'! Safeguard FREE. TVVILCOX MEDI-
■ . , _ emu Co., 22>e>o. ElgUtU St.-, fhiiada,, *••>LOST AN ANCHOR
OFF SAUSALITO
One of the Oregon's Hooks
Fast in Richardsons
Bay Mud.
The Chain Snapped When an
.. •".Extra Heavy Strain Was
l-i*;-;.."; Pat on It.
Harbor Commissioners Decide to
".;■. Charge United States Vessels
'■".}'[ : R3gu!ar Wharfage.
° .. The battle-ship Oregon is minus one of
".;. li.er . anchors. While the big war vessel
■■wa»-at Sausalito one of the mud hooks
V: took a firm hold in the rocky bottom, and
. when sailing day arrived it could not be
/moved. ' In order to get away an extra
-.' pound of steam was put on the winch and
:. the^ <chain parted. The Oregon swung
-"with the tide, but before she gained stern
•', way the engines were at work and the big
b'att!e-ship forged slowly ahead.
. m .All" of yesterday the wrecker Whitelaw
• \yas at work attempting to recover the lost
/■anchor." Backward and forward she
1 yarned, with the grapiing; irons out over
I j.iH slern, while the residents of Sausalito
.\ wondered what she was doing. ' When re
: pfoced "on the Oregon the hook will be
made as good as new, although no chain
is strong' r than each individual link, bo
another break might occur at any time.
.".The trial trip of the big ship was highly
- satisfactory and she did all that was ex
• peeled from her in a heavy seaway.
• * • There are wars and rumors of wars along
the. South American coast and while all
. tie stories are denied nevertheless Uncle
. Sara is massing his "ships in southern
"•testers. The Monad nock left here bound
1 fqr New York, with her erst point of stop
l\age at Callao. One of the gunboats has
: also.been sent to South America, and now
, 'the Philadelphia, with Admiral Beardsley
\abo»rd,-has been or lered to leave at once.
: Coal ana provisions have been put aboard
. and tue sailors who are ashore on "last
• leave" say that the crack cruiser is going
t£»-make a record-breaking run to South
* America.
•The following private letter was received
• fr^m Captain Petrie of the lost steamer
. Linlitngow yesterday: • •
• •: i Herewith confirm my cable to you on 23d
.#. # tilt, of the aDandonmeitof the steamer tin
.•Jithjrow on the 12th, ICO miles from San Jose,
GlNdays alter the breakdown and after sailing
l- 30 mil As you know, I dispatched the
•<;Hiei officer on the 13tn of August " for assist
; i<Bce,.and.on.the2lst of September I sent the
_ thi.nl officer «nd four men away to Salinas
. Cruz, which wag distant only 220 mile 6, but I
. lenr they"are lost, as I cannot find any trace of
them. by telegraph at any of s the coast places;
but they may have been picked up by some
tailing craft and carried on. 1 am certain they
.\i\oulii.not have abandoned their voyage un
" l^ssjinder the direst n cossity, as- they were
well ware that assistance for the ship was
required, and that for some days previous to
•in. ir departure the winds failed and we were
•drifting from the coast, and as the bottom was
foujlryj fust we could not work the ship as De
fore, early in October, no assistance having
. reached us.
•-•-. I decided .to attempt to reDair the tailsbaft,
and we worked continuous. at it for nine
• ."•'lays trad so me hours before getting i ( finished.
were" working up to our breasts in water,
but. succeeded . eventually in coupling it and
'.\\<aai dead slow with tne encine for aboul,
-iweiiry -seven hours, when the final smash
-.took -p^'qee. and the water gained onus so
•rapfdiy that the engine-room floor was cov
i ered in less than two hour-, and we had to
L tai»t»to - the remaining two boats by the third
" hcftir. • •
, . U.wn hard, and lean assure you it was with
.the grjeatest reluctance we quit the good old
ship-, only saving a change o! clothing. After
. befng' fhree days in the boats we lauded at a
llL?e -place called Takohiti, and wer •
.. 'there taken in charge by mounted police and
.merched on the 17tn to £antana and lodged in
■jail after a twenty-four mile march, thence to
' St. Lucia, another thirty-six miles in the blaz
: ing sun, and eventually to the city ol Guate
mala" .by rail, where we got the assistance
of • the ' British Consul, ; and I saw
by. the papers you had very kindly done
a.liny .our power 10 render us assistance and
•failed so far as the Government is concerned,'
• but.that the San Mateo had been searching. I
w.omd.hnve liked to have compared notes with
- the captain as I put over bottled messages
twice always and sometimes three times every
• -twenty-lour hours. I The bottle was paced on
a .'tween deck hatch about four feet square,
•wtth a^iast five feet high and a tin flag nailed
"-. j>n to :■'(■: the mast bo as to attract attention. I
. detailed the ship's position on that day and
..the previous day and- the drift made Tor the
. .twenty-four hours, all particulars about the
jreather and the probable direction that we
were drifting. There are over 110 messages
aJrif: of which I have press copies,' and it is
strange -any one searching did not come across
, s.;ms of them. I am intending to notify the
Bureau of Navigation . at Washington ot the
.same as it will be interesting to know how
..".hey have drifted If any are picked up. Up to
''within forty-eight hours of leaving the snip
ihe..cargo was as soun-1 as a bell and not the
■/ leirs.t sign of sweat anywhere. We bad used a
few' bag* for making barley bannocks to eke
. on four flour."
• The' Harbor Commissioners held a
'lengthy session yesterday. A communi
cation was received from the New York
Commissioners.' stating that all United
"States vessels were charged wharfage. In
. consequence the same rule will be followed
here. Latterly revenue vessels and United
'State lighthouse tenders have only been
charged halt rates. Now all of them will
have io pay like other craft.
The branch postoffice at the foot of Mar
ket street ■ has no beating apparatus and
. in consequence the carriers and distrib
utors suffer on cold mornings. Yesterday
• was 'the climax, and they got up a peti
tion to Postmaster McCoppin setting forth
their woes. When the Postmaster - re
eived the communication he was suffering
' from a severe attack of inflammatory rheu
matism; nevertheless he got out of bed
and- went to the meeting of the Harbor
Commissioners. He explained that Uncle
Sam was poor, but that the coal would be
supplied if the State would put up a stove
in the main room of the building. Colnon
looked at Cole, Cole looked at Cbadbourne
and then all three smiled.
' The., petition was read and Chief En
gineer Holmes remarked that there was a
big stqve on which the board was paying
storage, so on the motion of Mr. Cole and
the unanimous vote of the board it was
ordered into service. -
'SChief Engineer Holmes reported that
Galloway, Townly & Co.'s bondsmen were
in debt io the board. The money due the
, firm is $264, and the money due tbe board
is $185 89. Galloway,: To wnJy & Co. un
dertook - to replant the < bulkhead ;at the
foot of Main street, but failed to carry out
• the contract. The ban Francisco Bridge
Company did the work, and the difference
in the cost was as above. Galloway made
a strong plea and tried to show that the
Commissioners were .in his debt $12, but
he-matter went over in order to allow the
firm to put in a statement. 'ry. . ■ ,
'A new boat for the Stockton route is
under way.' - She will .-• run between here
and the capital .: of ;: San Joaqui'i, in"con
junction with the Valley road", and :; is ex
pected to make twenty-two knots an hour.
"She will be 148 feet long, 17 feet beam and
" 7}^ feet dee p. There will be accommodation
for 3oo passengers. There will be nontate-';
■ rooms, but there will . be • a ? restaurant,
barber-shop, '< drawing-room
»nd cirdroom. . .' . '.'.'. '.'■'• : " "\ s .v •
\ The steam schooner Sunol put in yester
«ay .to land. Chief > Officer T. F. Martin,
who was on, the sick list- The vessel Was
on the way from Grays Harbor for New
port. ■ ■■..-:•:, _< \-;.-<. a*. ;;•;. . : ■:.
• >'o > enatorial ChUCIII,
Senator Eugene Bert denies emphatically
that there was any caucus of members of J the
Senate la* i Saturday In the Mills building.
The Wrecker Whitelaw Pot In All Yesterday Searching for an Anchor Lost by the Battle-Ship
Oregon in Richardsons Bay. The Hook Is Still in the Mud.
DR, FORD'S CLAIM
NOT YET ALLOWED
His Bill Calls for $1555 for
Five Days' Ser
vices.
Even at That Rate Miss Taber,
the Patient, Did Not Pull
Through.
No Intimation cf How Much the Physi
cian WoD/.d Hive Charged if
the Lacy Had Lived.
Judge CoSey lost his breath for a
moment yesterday morning, and ex-Judge
Van Reynegom for a like period of time
stood speechless, as Dr. Campbell Ford
cwlmly staled the items in his claim
against the estate of Mrs. Caroline Tab-r,
deceased. The bill from June 29 to July
3of this year was $1555. at the end of
which tim- the patient died. The doctor
was not asked how much he would have,
charged if she had got well under his
ministrations.
Dr. Ford's bill of particulars is as fol
lows:
Estate of Caroline Tab»r, deceased, to Dr. Camp
bell Ford, Dr.
June 29, one visit aod treatment $5
Ju .c 29, 12 if visit and treatment 5
June -9. 8 P. m., visit and treat u.em 6
June '29, 9:30 P. ii., consnltation with Dr.
Me<iill 10
June 2U, all mcht detention, from 10 F. ic.
mir.. 6a M, June 3D 160
June :: 4 0, 9A- v., one visit 6
Jua 30. i- v.. one visit 6
Jjn- 30. 3 P. x., tout.u.tauon with Dr.
.-imson 10
Jaur 30, al< night >tetent on and treatment.. 160
Jui - 1 to July 3, eight, consuliaiio s. fifty
five ho rs contiiitiouj attendance and
treatment 1100
Total $1565
This was sworn to before Lee D. Craig,
notary public
Attorney Herman gently sugjr°sted to
Dr. /ord that the court would like to
have an explanation of the charges in the
bill, and Judge Coffey confessed to some
slight curiosity on the subject.
Mr. Van Eeyneaom drew attention to
tbe fact that Dr. Ford's bill for attending
J. E. Taber, d ceased, formerly husband
of Caroline Taber, deceased, from June
to July 2 was $770. Tbe claim was allowed
for $140 by the administratrix. In Mr.
Van Keyneirom'B opinion all services ren
dered to Mrs. Taber prior to her husband's
death should be cnarged to her husband's
estate, and only the services rendered
after J. E. Taber's death should be
charged to the estate of Caroline Taber.
He said that according to Dr. Ford's bills
in the two separate estates. Caroline
Tuber died one day later than J. E. Taber,
her husband. He asked to have the ac
count remodeled in that regard, and re
served any objection to tbe items nntii
that should be done.
"Then both Mr. Taber and his wife were
sick at tbe same time and were treated
simultaneously by you?" asked Judge
Coffey, who evinced a <le9ire to under
stand the basis of the charges before the
bills were reconstructed.
"Both sick at tbe same time and both
treated at the same time." replied Dr.
Ford.
"Both in the same house?"
"Yes; both in the same bed."
"Tht! same bed?"
'•Yes."
"Well, well," said the Judge in astonish
ment, but tbe probate record discloses the
fact that they didn't get well.
Returning to the attack Judge Coffey
said : "I s>e you have charged at the iate
ol $20 an hour for attendance on Caroline
Tauer. Did you charge $20 an hour for
attendance simultaneously on J. E.
Taber T"
"O» course," replied Dr. Ford cheerfully.
"But doesn't it make a difference when
yoa are treating two persons like that at
the same time?"
"Certainly not," loftily.
"How do you explain that?" inquired
tbe Judge in his most insinuating tones.
"Both wore sick at tbe same time and
both had to be treated at tbe iiame time,"
slowly explained tbe witness, as if to
allow bis words to penetrate the judicial
brain.
"Then you charged double, or at the
rate of $40 an hour?" persisted Judge
Coffey.
'•To be sure." somewhat curtly replied
Dr. Ford. He appeared bored to learn
that anyoody should think it necessary to
ask so many questions regaraing a trival
matter,
"I tind one item of $1100 which includes
eight consultations and, as you say, fifty
live hours' continuous attendance. Now
do you mean for the court to understand
that you were actually in attendance fifty
five consecutive hours?" was Judge Cof
fey's next suggestion.
"Yes."
"And you didn't sleep any during that
time?"
"I don't think I slept more than an hour
or two."
"Well, if you slept two hours that will
admit of some reduction in that report."
"It wasn't over one hour that I slept."
"Even one hour will make some differ
ence," was tbe court's pitiless remark.
Mr. Van Reymgom next tried his hand
at pruning the bill. He suggested that in
tbe charges for consultation with other
piiyaicians Dr. lord's ciiarge would in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
clude the bills of those other physicians
and that the estate would not be called on
tor additional claims. If Mr. Van Reyne
gom had entertained any such hope bis
mind was quickly disabused, for Dr. Ford
assured him that every doctor is fuliy
competent to make out his own bill, and
that he was not collecting the claims of
his associates in tbe case.
In reply to Attorney Herman Dr. Ford
said he considered his bill very rea
sonable, under the circumstances, laying
special stress on the word "circum
stances."
Judge Coffey mused a moment over his
inkwell and somewhat hesitatingly said:
"I understand that you oueht to charge in
accordance w;th the richness of tbe pa
tient. How much 13 this estate worth,
anyhow? 1 '
Mr. Van Reynegom said that the estates
were wo-th each about $4000.
Dr. Ford did not think this cut any
figure, as tbe heir to tbe estate is a lady
who maintains a handsome establisbinen t
at NewDort.
Judge Coffey admitted that that might
make a difference. A Newport establish
ment is a thing to be considered. He said
he aid not like to cut down doctors' bills,
but thought it right to take a few days to
think the matter over.
AN EARLY BAY BATH,
Ex-Assemblyman Joseph Marks Stum
ble* Off Clay-Sireet Wharf
Yesterday Morning.
Ex-Assemblyman Joseph Marks went
down to the foot of Clay street yesterday
morning at about 2:30 o'clock and took a
dip in the bay. He was seen by a boat
man, who, with the help of two police of
ficers, fished the drowning man out of the
chilling water. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and thawed out in a
warm bed. He explained his presence on
the wharf at such an unusual hour by
saying that be was searching fora friend
and in tbe darkuess stumbled and fell
overboard.
Marks appeared to be considerably rat
tied and explained bis mental derange
ment by stating that ever since he fell
from a streetcar about a year ago, from
which he received considerable injury, his
head is "not quite right."
When seen at bis residence yesterday
alternoon he had not quite recovered from
his Dlunge in tbe bay and seemed to be
unable to recall much that happened pre
vious to his fall off the wharf. He denied,
however, that be intended to commit sui
cide and adhered to bis version of the ac
cident
Mr. Marks represented the Forty-third
Assembly District in the Legislature two
years ago, and was quite active as a poli
tician. Since his streetc r mishap, which
laid him up for some time with an injured
ankle, he has not been in any business,
and it is thought that lie had become de
spondent over his misfortunes.
BAD OETHOGRAPHY.
Careless Spelling in a Wilt Causes
Much Trouble in the Probate
Court.
' Samuel M. Shortridge appeared in Judge
Coffey's court yesterday afternoon in the
matter of the estate of Joshua Hendy. ' It
appeared that certain legatees wished to
borrow money to buy out and compromise
with the other legatees. Mr. Shortridge
stated that he represented a capitalist
who was to advance the money for that
purpose.
"Have you the money with you?" asked
Jud c Coffey jocosely.
"I have, your Honor," replied Mr. Short
ridge. .. - .
Mr. Shortridge explained that he had no
interest in the matter further than that,
and if the matter could be adjusted so that
the court might- make a decree of partial
distribution he was ready to hand over the
money.
But the counsel on both sides of the case
could not agree as to the meaning of the
will. . It directed the distribution of "one
fifteth" of certain property, and as the
spelling in the will was very bad, "debt"
being spelled "det," the court was not
able to say whether the deceased meant
' # *one-fi(tieth" or "one-nfth."
• The lawyers were also divided in opinion
and the matter went over.
» ♦ *
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE.
Organization of a Provisional Com
mittee—lts Object.
The first meeting of the Anti-Saloon
League of this locality was held in tbe Y.
M. C A. Hall yesteiday afternoon. There
were present representatives from many
denominations and temperance organiza
tions.
The organization of a provisional com
mittee was effected, said committee to
consist of ten members from eaca co
operating church or other society. Rev.
Dr. Caluoun was made temporary chair
man and Rev. Robert Whitacer of East
Oakland secretary.
Another meeting of this organization
wil ue held on Monday, December 7, at 2
p. x. It is hoped by the members that at
this meeting there will be a good repre
sentation trom all churches, temperance
organizations or other societies which are
in lav-r of the suppression of the saloon.
Tbe object of this movement is to secure
tbe co-operation of all, of every name and
faith, who beiieve that the liquor traffic
ought not to be legalized. TLe organiza
tion is entirely non-partisan, and seeks
only to secure such legislation as will give
every vot- r a chance at every election to
vote for or against the saloon irrespective
of how he may vote on any other question.
Tickets) for Archbishop Klordan's Lec
ture
„ t Tickets it or .'. the ' lecture ..; by . the : Most Rev.
Archbishop Riordan for the benefit of the Pre
sentation Convent may be exchanged > for re
served teats at the headquarters of the Catho
lic Ladies' Aid * Society, room 75, Donoboe
building. , " S^^gg,feaMHHMaaafaßHßaiM<
GREER HARRISON
AT THE FINISH
He Did Walk Fifty Miles
od His Sixtieth Birth
day.
An Average of Three Miles an
Hour ior Seventeen Con
secutive Hours.
la Fine Form When He Reached the
Hotel V. N ome at n o'Clock
Last Might
On the minute of 6 a. m. yesterday Wil
liam Gretr Harrison started from Tenth
and Howard streets on his tramp to San
Jose. He fixed tbe pace at fonr miles an
hour and easily maintained that speed to
San Mateo, twenty miles away.
Mr. Harrison's idea of walking fifty
miles on his sixtieth birthday was to
demonstrate that a man who has had
proper athletic training between the years
of 16 and 20 should possess at the age of
60 the endurance of youth.
He told his fri nds at the Bohemian
Club that be expected to finish tbe fiftieth
mile within thirteen hours alter starting,
but assured th m that he would not
punish bimsMf to make this time. He
said he would rest if he became wedry, but
would not rest lone enough to allow his
musciet to stiffen.
Men who are quite familiar with Mr.
Harrison know that he is spirited and
plurky. He is the sort of a man who
woulu endure the greaiest fatigue rather
than admit the word "fail" to liis lexicon.
His arrival at San Jose at 9 o'clock was
expected at the Bohemian Club, so when
the hour of 10 came without any announce
ment from the Garden City of tbe pedes
trian's advent some uneasiness was mani
fested. An hour later a message came to
the club by telephone that Harrison had
just arrived at the Hotel Vendome in fine
condition. According to programme he
took a bath and went to bed.
Making allowance for stops it can easily
be reckoned that the pedestrian of three
score avera crt three miles per hour for
•■evpnteen consecutive hours. The Hotel
Vendome, ban Jose, is exactly fifty miles
from Tenth and Howard streets, San Fran
cisco. Mr. Harrison bad a perfect day for
his jaunt. Tbe sky was cloudless, the air
cool and braciue.
LOST HIS WAY.
Harrison Ended His W Ik in Santa
Clara and Reached San Josa
on the Cars.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 27. — William
Greer Harrison reached the Hotel Ven
dome to-night at 11:57, nearly four houis
behind the time in he hoped
to arrive here, but his delinquency
was due not to a miscalculation of
his abilities as a pedestrian but
to tbe fact that about eight miles
from this city the party lost its way in the
darkness and made a detour which added
about eight miles to the journey. Instead
of completing the half-century in this
city, therefore, as planned, the walk was
terminated at Santa Ciara, three miles
distant. The trip here from Santa Clara
was made by electric-car. Mr. Harrison
claims he made the fifty miles in thirteen
hours, one hour less than was anticipated.
Mr. Harri-on showei little signs or
fatigue after bis long trir>, and was cer
tainly no worse for his walK than were
bin three companions, who were all young
and hearty athletes. He chatted merrily
of his experiences en route, and ex
pressed himself as thoroughly satinfied
with the exposition he bad made of what
a long life of correct habits and athletic
training could accomplish. Ha promises
to make the trip again, and the next time
he declares he will accomplish the feat in
twelve hours actual walking time. Next
time he says he will do a little active
training before undertnKine the walk.
Explicit.
"What you want to do," said the old
politician to tbe young man who had vol
unteered to do missionary work among
the voters in a remote section of the coun
try, "is to make yourself personally popu
lar. If you can make peopie like you
they're almost sure to vote your way."
"Yes, I suppose so. You mean that I
an' to cultivate an unaffected style of
speaking, and that I am to use 'small
words and pat my arguments into homely
phrase wherever it is tossibie to do so. I
am to sedulously avoid anything, either in
the matter of my discnurse or in the man
ner ol its delivery, which may be beyond
the comprehension of my audience, or
which may possibly create a prejudice
against me, because in the opinion of my
audience it savors of affectation."
Tbe oid-time politician dropped into his
Chair and looked weary.
"No," he said, emphatically, "that is
not it at all."
•'Have I misunderstood your instruc
tions?"
"You have. What I mean is that when
ever a woman holds a baby un at you you
have to chuck it under the chin and kiss
it, and whenever you see a man with a
dog jou have to stoD and tell the owner
that it's one of the finest thoroughbred
specimens you ey»r laid your eyes on.
That's what I mean."— Detroit Fret r*ress.
THE HARD FATE
Of JOHN IRWIN
While Working in a Nickel
Mine He Lost His
Eyesight.
Finally Deserted Here, as He
Supposed, H3 Tcok
Aconite.
By Great Effort His Life Was Saved
and Now Friends Are Trying
to H.'ip Him.
A subscription is being raised at the
Brooklyn Hotel in aid ot John Irwin, the
blind miner who, through discouragement at
the loss of bis sight and the impending
danger of being deserted by all who knew
him. attempted to take his life by aconite a
few days ago. The total amount subscribed,
however, is as yet but $30.
The money is to pay the expenses ol the un
fortunate miner at one of the hospitals, while
Dr. Powers, the oculist, Is treating his eyes.
Dr. Powers thinks there Is a faint chance for
Irwin to recover his sight, at least partially,
In [one eye, and accordingly the oculist will
begin treating him. Ue has agreed to do so,
too, without cost
Mr. Irwin is at present at the Salvation
Army barracks, 120 Oregon street Tbe army
peoplo are looking after him and doing all
they can for him.
The story of Mr. Irwin's misfortunes is a
pathetic one. He Is but 35 years old and is &
large, handsome man. He arrived here last
spring from near Lovelock, Nev., where be had
been working in a nickel mine. There had
been an explosion In the mine, and it wu in
this that he lost bit, sight.
Clerk F. B. Middlecoff ot the Brooklyn yes
terday toid about the hard fate of Irwin.
"He was working in a nickel mine owned by
the Nevada Nickel Mining Company and situ
ated abmn twenty ini.es from Lovelock," said
Mr. Middlecofl. "when this explosion occurred.
"The injury sustained whb very great. Mr.
Irwin, whose eyes had been destroyed, was
left twenty-three days before he received at
tention.
"Then some Lovelock people heard of him
and went up and brought him down. They
and the people connected with the mine
brought him to the American Exchange Hotel.
He remained there till they g>t read u> tear
the botel down and then he came to the
Brooklyn to live. He arrived on August 14
and from that time to November 17, when we
missed him, his bill amounted lo between $S0
and $90.
"We had not presented a bill to him, but In
some way he heard that the peop.e < ounected
with the mine bad gone back on him and re
fused to give him any aid. He looked upon
himself as an outcast, blind and helpiess, bo
he >;ot a youug lellow he knew to buy some
aconite at Wakelec's drugstore.
"When he got this he went to bis room, took
the pcii-on and lay down on the bed to die.
The chambermaid went to his room, but cou.d
not get In. Finally, after -everd attempts,
she came to me. It was about 4 o'clock in tbe
afternoon. I went uMothe room ana found
the door locked so.id.y, but by the aid ol a
boy I opened tne transom and finally got tbe
door open.
"Irwin was in a bad fix, but I got a doctor,
and after a while he brought him around.
Since tben the Sa.vation Army has taken him
in charge. We are, vow tryiug to get enough
money to pay his expenses at the bosi ltal
while Dr. Powers treats bis eyes. The doctor
has hopes thai bo can save the sight of one
eye. or at least a litteof it. Irwiu is a tine
young man and was well lilted here. He »oon
learned to go upstair* to his room and get
«boui without any beip, but the leeling that
he had lost his sight forever and was deserted
by all was too much for him."
LA LOIE FULLER RECEIVES
She Meets Her Friends on the Stage
of the California 1 heater
Amid Koiei.
La Loie fuller held a reception on the stage
of the California Theater yesterday afternoon.
Tbe stage was set aa a' garden, and flowers
were festooned so as to form a perfect bower
of roses. Under this canopy La Loie received
her guests. She proved a perfect hostess. The
afternoon was delightfully spent in conversa
tion, and a most recherche lunch wa- served
to tne many guests. Amo.ig the la .its present
were :
Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. Rider Satler, Mrs.
Byron G. Smith, Mrs. Kate M. Cushman, Mrs.
T. L. Barker, Mrs. T. NichoUon. Miss Hen
rietta C. S.mpson, Miss Barker, Miss Ethel
Kellogg, Mrs. J. C. Palmer, Mrs. E. F. Palmer,
Miss Ellen Lynne Wall, Mrs. E. S. Wall, Mrs.
A. A. Moore, Mrs. W. M. Barrett, Mrs. Sumncr
\V. Bugbee, Mrs. James Spiers, Mrs. H. Postle
waite, Mi*s Dillon, Miss Addle L. Sioip, Mrs.
William Auguo, Mrs. William Henshaw. Mrs.
W. M. Barrett, Miss Louise B. Martm, Mrs. L.
C Tibbits. Mrs. a. A. Kn gut, Mrs. Margaret s.
Knight, Mrs. H. O. Trow bridge. Mrs. M. 8.
Keene. Miss Patricia H. Cosgrove, Mrs. E. B.
Beck and Mrs. Samuel Breck Jr.
THE COLUMBIAS.
An Attractive Evening of Sport by the
Member* of an Enterprising Clab.
There was a large attendance at the monthly
boxing exbibition of the Columbia Athletic
Club at their clubroom at 110S Golden Gate
avenue last night.
The event of tbe evening was to have been a
four-round '-go" between J. McCormick and J.
Hennessey.
At tbe last moment a letter was received
from Hennessey stating he had sprained his
ankle while training, and could no', appear.
Vinceut White acted »s his substitute,' and
both men made an excellent set-io.
There were three-round exhibition bouts by
MrM.ihon and King, Young Sharkey and J.
Sullivan, LH taker aud McDonald, and Sullivan
and McCarthy.
Davis and Meagles gave a wrestling exhibi
tion, in which both gained a fall.
Davis is the club's champion wrestler, and
is willing to meet any man on the coast at 125
pounds. P att or Geibert preferred.
The officers of tne club are: Senator Ed L
Wolf, president; Joe Michaels, treasurer; Max
Manlock. secretary; Charles Peterson, leader;
Joe Meugles, captain.
Vincent White is teacher of wrestling and
Frank Raphael of boxing.
The club has a membership of over sixty.
ART IN WINTER.
Mark Hopkins Institute to Present an
Exhib tion Thursday.
... On Thursday evening, December 3, the win
ter exhibition of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation will be inaugurated. On that evening
there will be a reception for members only.
There will also be music and light refresh
ments. '■■•-:. ■ . '
Attention is called to the rule governing ad
missions, a-> follows: '
A gentleman's 'ticket admits the gentleman
whose name s written upon i; and a adjr. .
-■■ A lady's ticket admits the lady whose name is
written upon it and an escort, either » gentleman
or a ia\iy. ■■■■ ;;-.- ■ » ;.;'.•■■• .;■■"•■. -:■; ■
. Tickets mast be presented at the door. The
exhibition -will.be open daily between the
hours of 9 a. M. and 5 p. X. for five weeks after
December 3.T-- ' ' ... :-:.". ■,~".,:> .-..--:
. Every Tuesday evening there will also be a
musical entertainment, under the direction of
,Henry Heyman.". . ' " . ; ;"-„ ■ . ■,
L : • Members who may desire to invite non-resi
dent ; guests for the opening reception must
present their names at the . secretary's office,
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art; to obtain tick
els lor them. .;. , ■
A Supposed Suicide.
The remains of a man found dead in Golden
Gate Park Thursday by Park Official Dobbins
and brought to the Morgue by Officers Gay lor
and Glllen was idei lined last night as
one William McCarthy, formerly a room
mate wiih Michael Harrington at 153>£ Third
street. The man appears to have had no par
ticular vocation, and supposedly died ot mor
phine poiso .ing by his own nand. He was
identified by Misi M. McCann and Mist M.
Sweeney, whose npartmeiHß at 32U Third btrtet
he visited November 25.
Louis Quong'a (age.
United States District Judge Morrow yester
day overruled the demurrer 1b the case of
Louis Quong. This fellow was an interpreter
of Chinese for the Federal officials and he was
charged with perjury In the Williams fraud
ulent certiflca c cases. His attorney put in a
general demurrer to the complaint which the
Judge did not consider good or sufficient. The
case will come up for arraignment on Monday.
AGAINST THE MILITARY.
Trade and Labor Alliance Disapprove
of Citizens Becoming Soldiers.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Trade and
Labor Alliance, 1 held at the Turk-street Temple
last night, the owing preamble and resolu
tions were unanimously adopted: '
Whebkar. The Interests of the workers of the
world are linked with tbe peace of the world and
opposed to bo internal . and external warfare
with Us long train of evils, chief among which ar»
tbe wholesale slaughter of me workers themselves
and .' the wanton destruction of the 'proceeds of
their labor; and wbervus. It Is an undeniable fact
(at least ; among civilized nations that have at
tained to a high ate of organic perfection in tbeir
Industrial ami commercial relations) that the chief
motives for war, namely, reilnious bigotry, terri
torial accession sad tbe barbaric glory a tacheil
10 military orowes*, are. to all Intents and pur
poses, dead: and whereas, the Immense mill ary
establishments of the civilized world, costing, as
Lord Line! Justice Ku-se of .England has re
cently declared, $1,000,000,000 annual!--, are i.ot
maintained for the defense of dead issues, but tor
something more imminent and perilously present,
namely, the growii.g irritation between labor and
capital— more i rop rly speaking, between laborer
and . capitalist— provoked by - the daily - divorce
ment of the workers of be world from the m ans
of production, and the consequent lack of natural
opportunity to make a . living on a plune of social
dignity commensurate with the requirements of
the enlightened civilization of which they are a
part; and whereas, it is well known by a 1 intelli
gent worklngmen, that the present activity in the
army and navy of the United Mates, ostensibly
for the - defense of the Ration ■ from foreign
attack, but really to coerce, labor . and to
subdue its interests to -hat, of capital— is
a portent of - approaching civil trouble
whico the power-loving arrogance of
allied wealth will force upon the producers Of the
Nation: and whereas, many young in n, ignorant
of these facts and laboring under the impression
that they are performing a "pa riotlo" duty,
eatertbe mi.ttia, or '■ itlzen so dtery." us It is de
ceptively called, to "defend their country," little
knowing that the tempting Dai or guy uniform*
and tbe glint of glittering arms are the Insidious
allurements that will, in the end. require them to
turn th>lr guns and bend their baronets agal .at
tbeir brothers' . ore ■ sis in the ranks of enslaved
labor; therefore belt :
Betalved. By the san Francisco Trades and
I.abi>r Al lance, that the work in gm an who, by
Joining the militia of ibis or any other state, wl 1
so far forget his own and toe interests of those of
whom be is a part, is unwort. the roc a 1a 1 I recog
nition of bis fellow-workers, and should .be
siiuunpd as a conscious or un<onsclous tral.or to
the interests of his fel ows and be it fur her ■•
Retolved. That we call upon the organized work-
Ingrueu of this and the Untied Mates to voice
th ir convictiens of the truth of tnese-teclaratlODs,
and voice them with no uncertain sound. ■ ' . •
SOAKED THE CLUB MEN.
A Lucklpss Palace Guest Poured Water
on the I nion League Member*.
Repairs are to be made in tbe bar and
billiard room of the Union League Club
in the Palace Hotel. On the night before
Thanksgiving the people of the club were
treated to an entertainment that was not
expec ea and which was not received with
welcome. They were deluged with water
from above, and now they are cleaning
and renovating and preparing to calci
mine and paint anew and get a new
carpet and billiard Hoths.
A thoughtle>s uueat on the half floor of
tbe Palace, just auove this part of the
club, went to sleep on the evening in ques
tion leaving the water running in* his
bathtub. It is said that tbe luckless per
son was the famous White Hat McCarty.
Whoever it was the room was wet down in
good shape with nearly all the heredita
m nts and appurtenances thereunto apper
tain in jr.
As Secretary Pippy took a look at it
yesterday he said that the whole room
would have to be fixed up.
"The carpet was ruined," ha said, "and
a whole lot of things were wet down in
such away thnt they were spoiled and will
have to be replaced. Besides this the
ceiling and wails are soaked with water
so that, as the contractors say, they will
have to be plastered and kaisomined
anew. It will cost $200 or $300 at least, I
■UDpose, to nt it up again. Who will foot
the bill? Why, the hotel. It's funny how
this guest forgot himself and let the water
pour over in this way."
The carpet has been torn away, the
various pieces of furniture carried to
another part of the clubrooms, and prep
arations are being made to thoroughly re
pair the damages.
AT THE CHUTES
Hundreds of Children Enjoy the Man)-
fold Attract ons.
The Haight-street grounds were simply
packed with children Thursday afternoon,
over 14,000 enjoying themselves by invita
tion of the management. There were
delegations from the Boys' and Girls'
Hgh Schools, grammer, primary and
night schools, parochial schools, Chinese
missions, and in fact from every educa
tional institution in the City.
"Arion" on his high wire and Pirri on
bis wonderful coast down the chutes on
his bicycle were duly enjoyed, but Emil
Markeberg's balloon ascension was what
they wanted. Great difficulty was experi
enced in filing the big air bag, so tre
mendous was the crowd surging around,
but at half-past four off he went with 10,
-000 yells from 10,000 throats. He landed
safely near Market and Sixteenth streets
with his parachute.
The children caused the management
no trouble and not a single accident took
place.
Ye^ierday afternoon there was a repeti
tion of the Thanksgiving day scene, over
10,000 children being in attendance. A
tremendous crush is expected this after
noon, as it is the last day on which the
50,000 ticket-. s°nt out will hold good.
Father Yorke o Lecture.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke will deliver a lecture for
the benefit cf the Church of Our Lady of
Lorero at Novato, Cal., in Metropolitan Tem
ple, San Francisco, Thursday evening, Decem
ber 10; suDject, "yigs ot Thistles, or the
Preacuers i.i the Pacific." Tickets may be
procured at the office of the grand secretary of
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society, Donoiioe
building, Taylor a id Market streets, room 75.
A STRONG INDORS MENT.
From the Democrat, Atlanta, Tex,
- Linden, Tex., March 21, 1896.
- This is to certify that my wife and son suf
fered from dropsy my ; wife afflicted : tor six
years and my sou for two y Jars. During that
time I resorted to every remedy known to the
medical profession in this section of the coun
try. In my great anxiety and desire to allevi
ate their suffering I consulted two eminent
doctors In New York, and after several months'
treatment I could discover uo visible improve
men', not saying anything for their recovery.
While '. in • Jefferson, \ Tex.',' some ' two years
slice I happened to mention the condition oi
my wife and son to a leading physician and
druggist. "■'• He »dvi»ed me to try Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills for Pale P-ople. * After considerable
persuasion I reluctantly cons led to do to.
At : first I bought . two , packages ■ and by the
time one package had ■ Leon ".taken : I -saw a
marked change for the better. I continued
the. use of them until twenty packages or
boxes bad been taken, when to my surprise
and great joy my wife and son had fully recov
ered and are to-day in fine health. '■--..-■■ ,
Too much cannot be said in commendation
Of Dr. \\ i Hams' Pink Pill«. They tire cer
tainly a great boon to suffering, humanity,
and I take great pleasure in offering this testi
monial. : In connection with this I - will state
that two of our leading physicians treated my
wife and son. ■-; . . _ .. - , --:
:-,.k~ (Signed, /:-<.\ '-j . JOHN Milleb.
STATE OF TEXAS,) _
county OF i AB9. {"• |pqp
John Miller, the subscriber to the foregoing
being duly sworn on .bis oath, says the etate
ment he makes concerning Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills is just and true.
o. •C. A. East, Justice of tbe Pence !
•" Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are
considered an unfailing specific ior such dis
eases as locomntor aiaxia, partial paralysis, st
Vitns dance, sciatica, %neuralnia, rheumatism
nervous headache, the after eff ecu of la griptv
palpitation of the heart, pale and sa.low com
plexions, that tired feeling * resulting " from
nervous prostration, all diseases resulting from
vitiated humors of the b ood, such as scrofula
chronic erysipelas, etc. They are also a specific
for troubles peculiar to females, such as sup
pressions, Irregular! ties, and all forms of weak
ness. , In men they effect > a radical cure in all
eases arising from mental worry, overwork or
excesses ;of whatever ; nature. ■• Dr. Williams',
Pink Pills are sold by all dealers, or .will be
sent postpaid; on v receipt; of pri< c. 50 cents a
box or six boxes for $2 60 (hey are never sold
in bulk or by the 100), by addressing Dr. Wil
liams' Medicine Co.,S6lienectady,N. Y. >■ :
HIS ! HERE IS S
v ONLY ON E|
IS THE I SURE WAY
"PlfygET known to medical a
! ll«"« men or prompt* B
, . ly checking
; Of year ..;.-.. troubles of the
when men .. kidneys and re- '
j storing these great
and women .. organs ■to health
become Weak- and :# strength, and
ened by , B that is by the use of
T ed hy ;^Q^L^A-
the weath- I IOCiVSw-.
er, and runl\sr^\r \>^ *
down gener- .it has stood the
ill™ Thf» test of time; it has
any. ..... a "era saved thousands of
first parts that H lives; it has restor-
the weather Bed millions of suf-
affects are the § it £ s s to health :
attects are tne it has done what
kidneys. The 9 was never done,
• _^4.H never attempted
urea IS .■•.• not before; it has made
thrown off, M men stronger and
but is forced n healthier; « it has
but IS forcedH m ade ..women
back Upon the H brighter and hap-
lungs,anddis3|Spse-in.Si s Sese
ease results S qualities. Do you
■_,; „ _ i UtrS not think it would
— caused by be wise for you to
weakness of a use it and thus
*.v I>I A-. n«,n ri avoid the ' dangers
the kidneys. |of the season ? 6 ln
s^'^^Sg^JNlJjJPO 11 having it.
"When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Whose reputation is established by-ten years
• of successful practice at 737 Market St., a. F.
Make Jo Mistake. When in Heed \ \
of Medical Treatment De Sure Yon
Employ the Physician Most Skilled
and Experienced in Treating the ;
Diseases From Which You Suffer.
Doctor Sweany cures after other doc-
tors who did not understand the disease
have failed to cure. He combines skill,
science, learning and experience. His ex-
traordinary ability and remarkable cures
have made for him an enduring name and
fame, and have eained for him the con-
fidence and esteem of every patient he has
ever treated.
Thousands all over the land have volun-
tarily written to him thanking him for
being cured and praising his wonderful
genius as a physician.
BEAD THIS LETTER.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10. 1896.
DR. F. L. SWEANY— Sir : , I feel It is
my duty to write and tell yon how grateful I
(eel toward you for curia? me of nervous de-
bility. I was almost a total wreck when I first
consulted you, and I was so despondent about
mv condition I was on the point of suicide. I
am now as changed as from the night to the
day. lam a new man, strong, -vigorous and
healthy, and my nerves are as stead .-as can
be. I feel full of energy and confidence and
can now work hard all day and never get worn
out like I used to. You are truly a great doc-
tor, and I shall always. bless the day I con-
suited you, for you have really | saved my life.
Gratefully and sincerely yours,
Every letter published guaranteed gen-
uine under forfeit of $1000. NO NAMES
or diseases of patients published or ex-
posed without request from patient. All
dealings and correspondence strictly con-
fidential. . ' ' '
NEBTOI'S DEBILITY and all
disea<^-< of men and women cured. . '
WRITE if hvin ' away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health." a valuable
treatise on all organs . and their diseases,
free on application.
F. SWEATY, M. ».,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, CaU .
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
ol It Publishes the Cream of the
dir News of the Week and
»< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°V PAPER ON THE
OC. PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
j]j Fair and Impartial in Its , ;,-
.?y\- Rendering of the Po-
o< litical News.
3 ■ It's the Paper to Send ■ East if
J You Want to Advertise ;
~) : - California. .
3 S The Best iS^ yAMining •
The Best \ / Mining
5 Telegraphic \/ News That
.PS , Service on ./V Is Accurate
,°y? The Coast /;- \& up to data
9) "\ " : " / I : • -\___
°j '- Not a Line of it Sensational
©< or Faky, and Not a Line of
c<l ~ it Dry or Uninteresting.
5; A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Cx" Bright, Clean," A Champ on of
1 . Thoughtful. I ruth. - ; .
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER >
J ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
"j HOME 1 MAIL, 51.50
©< INDUSTRIES V A YEAR. )
5 THE CALL speakstor^li
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bllver weaker.
Wbeat and Barley advanced.
Oats in fair demand.
Corn and Bye dull.
Flour unchanged.
Boiled Barley higher.
Pink Bean* advancing.
Seventeen Failures last week.
Hops lirrn.
Provisions quiet.
Dried Fruit dull.
Grapes wealcer. ,
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Apples in large supply.
Turkeys cheap and dull.
Game sells well.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions tt m.
Coal in diminished receipt.
Bice do.ng better.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
Tbe Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 17
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
frr the week endlnt; yesterday as compared with IS
fcr the previous week and 32 for the corresponding
» pfk oi 1896. Tbe failures are divided among tbe
trades as follows: 2 commission, 1 butcher, 2 fruit
growers, 1 general s ore, 1 crocer. 1 lumber. 1 no
tions, 1 oils, 1 jewelry, 3 saloons, 2 hotels. 1 drugs,
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indica c maximum teniperarur* for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
raintall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. '1 lie
word "hich" means hizh barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washlncton
coast. Wht-n :he pressure is high in the interior
and low along tbe coair, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of ttregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ibe vicinity of Idano, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
■WKATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
United states Department of AGBicnir
IDBK, Weather Bureau, >an Francisco, Cal..
Nov. 27. 1896. 5 F. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last
season :
Eureka 12.89 inches, last season 4.89 inches;
Bed Bluff 5.21 inches, last season 3.15 Inches:
• San Fra.cis o 6.75 nc^es, last season 244 Inches;
Fresno 3.02 Inches, last season .29 of an inch; San
X.uls Obispo 3.83 inches last season 2.16 inches;
Los Angeles 2.99 inches.- last season .67 of an
inch; san Diego 2.07 inches, last season 1.17
Inches; Yuma 1.10 inches, last season. 32 of an
lnc.l.
'. San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 48,
. minimum 38, mean 43.
'. An area of high pressure lies over the western
: half of the country. The highest pressure is over
Montana, Idaho, Wyoming ad to the east of
'.these States. There bits been a slight . fall in
pressure along the Pacific. Coast north of San
Francisco during the past tnenty-four hours.
The temperature throughout California, Nevada,
T?t*n aud Arizona Is still far be :ow Ihe normal.
I Cold weather has prevailed over the southern half
of the Pacific Slope during the past twenty-four
■ hours and will probably continue for twenty-four
' hours more. Heavy, and killing frosts occurred
throughout this State thli morning and will prob
ably « ccur again Saturday morning. The weather
has beeu generally cl*-ar. .
' Forecast ma at San Francisco for '3o hours
ending midnight November -8. 18U6:
Northern California — Fair batur.lay, with In
creasing cloudiness a'oir; the coast; continued
coo. weather, with killing frosts Saturday morn
ing: ltgni northerly winds
southern California fair Saturday; continued ;
cold wea:her, with killing frosts Saturday morn- j
log; light northerly winds.'
Nevada— Fair Saturday, continued cold weather. '
"Utah— Saturday; continued cold weather. ;
Arizona— Fair Saturday; continued cold weather
with killing frosts Saturday morning.
San jrrunclsco aua vximty — Fair Saturday,
with increasing cloudiness in the aft moon: con
tinued ccol weather, with heavy frosts Saturday
morning; fresh northerly wind. V-- :
Alexander G. McADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Nov. 27 Stocks were
quiet and very irregular to-day. Operators gener
ally were d.sposfd to htnltate until the President's
message'is sent in to Congrtss, and commission
bouses comp aiued of a lacic of orders. 1 oom
traders were bullish and bearish by fks and starts,
but their operations were upon a much smaller
scale tban of late. In the early dealings the ten
dency was downward on account of lower cables
from London, the general expectation thai Su
Paul and Burlington and Qulncy statements, not
due, will be unfavorable ar.d an advance of yy 2 <- in
tbe totted rales of sterling ex'bange to $ * rf4@
4 B"i^j. The Industrial group scored the heaviest
losses at tins time. Coii.-ulidated Gas dropped
3 1 /fc to 161 1 /*- '1 he directors ai their meeting to
day declared the usual quarterly dlvid nd of 2 per
cent.
1 bis wai a disappointment to the traders, as the
declaration of *n extra 10 per cent bad been
looked for in some quaners. Tbe managers, ac
cording to offic al -taiements. d d not consider tbe
question of consolidation witu theotherlocal roni
panled. i bis wa< also a disaprolntmoni and led
to liquidations. 1 at-lede Ghs common broke 4^4
to 24 and the preferred 4i£ to 75. Humors of a
forthcoming unfavorable neci.su v by the United
States Supreme t. ouri bad an adverse Influence on
these socks. In tbe inactive, issues Long Island,
which h;s been heavy of late, dropped .114 to
64 V» ' o ward the cose St. Paul and umahuritn
up 2Vi to 461/4 on talk of ad.videndof lVfc per
cem. This was not generally credited, however,
in unusually well informed quarters.
Tne stock was also benefited by the favorable
statement for October. For the month named the
road earned 91.117.261. an Increase of 973.168.
The rise noted bud » strengthening effect on the
market in the latede&.lnic, and the closing, while
qnlet, was firm. A feature of tiie day was the
enormous supply of mon^y offering ou call. One
broker. «l:eged to be act ng for the American
Bugar Refining Company, lent *3 50 J.OiJO at 2 per
cent Estimates placed the total loans to-day at
this rate a nearly f 7,(00,000.
Speculation closed firmer in tone, some of the
prominent stocks showed gains of Vs'gi-'Vi per
cent, wiiiif ot ers losl Vi " 1 per cc.it. in the
specialties Long Island lost 1 14, i..iclcde <<as lA/t..
" • - : . : r;, -FINANCIAL. •;• - ; ;:
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W HEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
. ' CSNTBA I, OFFICE ■> '- ' . ■■.
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill ;-
-,.-.»- -...-Room). Tel. Main 339. ;■;, .
PUEDT & ATKINSON Manager!. ,
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. .Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F. ■■- ;
mim.u .y.tuy-.fjflJW'i-u, i> a. w. V o UJC-
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. SEW YORE BTOCKB-
Fast Wire E ist. l)nrqual«><l Service. ''
STICICTLY COMMISSION. -?-
.Private and Bunk references quottd on application
Office. 32 8 Montgomery St .>.,!,■ DeiO&ltßld.
Vi. iUla 1 731. if r i Tat « Parlor for i,adle«
do preferred 4Vs and National Starch first pre
ferred 3% per cent. .;•
'lot* sa cs »ver.' only 161,799 shares. Including
29,800 Heading, . 14.500 - Burlington and I Qulncy,
10.00 St. Paul and . 92U0 Leather preferred.
Bonds closed - firmer. Total sales fl, 254,000.
Denver . and Rio t.rande first seven* rose ■ va to
112: Duluthand Manitoba, first sixes, lVatoSl:
Lake Shore Consolidated second sevens. 1 l *; to
120: Louisville, Albany and Chicago Consolidated
sixes. 2to 9j: Pennsylvania four and a half, 3- ,
to 1111/8: Rock Island conpon nr»>, 1V 8 to 229 V..
and Tennessee Coal and Iron 1 Divlsio . sixes, 1 to
87VV Beading firsts, preferred, fell 1% to *' V* *
47 Vs; no seconds, Ito 3ts@3di/4: do thirds, Ito
34i/_ d 34%. lnterna ional anu Great Northern
seconds declined 8 to t>j.
- In Government bonds $14,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 119% l'-'OVs-* 7.500 coupon fours
of 1907 at 1 1034(311101%, *3j0.0j0 do replstered at
IIGViiSU:oyB. _ud *si»,ooocou[>on rives at 113%.
The tune of Lie market was firm.
• Grain.
FLOUR — Steady, quiet; winter wheat, low
grades, S2 20@3 35: do fair to fancy, S3 26®
4 60: do patents. Si £0(45; Minnesota clear,
SH4i@4 16; do straights, 3 90@4 75: do patents.
$3 £505 05: low extras. $2 iO@3 20 ; city m is,
*4 4t@s; do patens. S5 10co5 35: rye mixture.
$3 25@.-« 75; superfine, $2 40&3 16: tine. $1 HO®
2 9.V southern flour, quie:; common to fair extra,
«-' 85@3 45; good to choice do. S3 45©3 60. Rye
flour, dull, steady, at $'■ (a,6 25.
KYE-Dull, firm: Western, 40©48 c, c. l f. Buf
falo.
BARLEY— Quiet; 28SA@29c. c. I. f. Buffalo.
KLhV Nominal; Western, 50@60c
WHEAT— Spot market dull, firmer, . f. .o. b.,
99Vic; ungraded ted. 87@89V5»c: No. 1 Northern.
U3V.C. Options opened wet. at /s© c /B<s decline
on easier cables, foreign selling and local realizing,
advanced l@iy 8 with the West, fell Vs@V4C and
closed firm at luslV4c over Wednesday, with a fair
trade. May and December most ac.lve: .no. 2 red,
January, 90S/ 8 c: March, 92c; May, b9%c; No
vember and December. 90V. c.
COUN— dull, easier; No. 2, )|@26s /
elevator; 30V^c afloat. Options were dim and
we»< at Va@ s/ss /s decline, from the West and local
realizing. May and December most active. No
vetaber, 29% c; December, 29% c: May, S3B/»c.
OATS— -pi.; dull, flrmvr; options dull, firmer.
December, 24V4c; May. 26y B e. cpot pr>cas: No.
2, 24c, No. 2 wlii:c Hie: No. 2 Chicago, 25c; No.
3, 21Vsc; No. 3 wh.te, 23c; mixed Western, 23®
25c: white do, '.'3^(a)32c.
Frovlsionn.
LABP-Quiet, firmer: Western stPam, 94 25:
City, S3 75; December, *4 25 nominal. Refined,
firm: Continent. 84 60; Houth American. *4 90:
compound, 4%ft§43,ic.
PORK— Firmer. New mess. J8 25^8 75.
BClTEK— Light receipts; fancy, firm. West
ern dairy. B@l3c; do . creamery. 13V^($23c: do
factory, 7012 c: Elfins, 12V_@23c; Imitation
creamery, iOVs®ltJc.
cis J- h — Moderate demand; steady. Part
skims. 3Vi&6S»c: tu.l skims, 2V_@3a
EGGS — About steady. Icehouse. 16@18c:
Western treah. 22@24c; do per case, $2 ~»(a,o;
do limed, 15@15V3C.
TALLOW— Quiet, nominal. City, 3%c: country.
S3/.53%c.
c<.»iToNSEED OlL— Dull. Crude, 22c; yellow
prime, 2jc
RI«-E— Firm: fair demand. Japan, 4V%@4V.C'
MOLASsEs— Firm; moderate demand. New
Orleans, new, 25 1 34< .
CO! FEE— Barely steady: 5 and 10 points down.
November. *9 50; Decemrer. f9 15©9 20. March,
$9 20@9 *5; Ma , 49 2u@9 25: Jn y. S9 25@9 SO;
SeDtember, $9 30. &po» Rio, dull, easy. No. 7,
10c.
SUGAR— DuII, unchanged. OffA,3%@4c: mold
A.4r./ 8 c: standard A, 4S/ t c: confectioners A, 4-i. 4 c;
cut iuaf. c; crushed. bo; powdered, 45/ c; granu
lated, 8 c; cubes, /8 c.
fruit and Prodnoa.
. APRICOTS— Bags, B®llc.
It ACHts— boxes, 7a9c; do peeled.
14«15c.
PI; i:ses_ Four sizes. 5y 8 c
RAISINS — Two - crown, loose Muscatel. 4*4 c:
do 3-crown. Giji&SS'ac: do 4-crown, 6s / 4@6* < /
do London layers, »1 45 a.l 50; do cluster*,
SI 75@.2. • •
ALMONDS-boftshell, 9@llc: do paper, IH/,«
3 2Vrc; Walnuts, standard, 8 V_@9c; do soltauuil,
9S4(sloV_c.
liuP&— Firm, fair demand. Pacific Coast, 3_
I i*Va^-
WOOL— Quiet, Domestic fljece, 16©23 c; pulled,
j 18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Mercliandise.
PIGIRON-Qulet: Amerle»-« '11013.
K-Quirt. Lake. 11 25&11 50.
1.1 AD— Firm.* Don ••< M a ..ia,:-t 10.
TlN— Dull. Straits, $13; plates, quiet.
t±-_LT_K— Klrzn. .boniest c. *4 25.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., Nov. —To-day's session of
the wheat market be^an with the boom in good
working order, a though prices deferred to tempo
rary easiness a. Liverp ol by opening slightly
under Wedn> sriay's close. The slight loss was
quickly regained, however, ana a further advance
of i,ic noted. Liverpool cables were l'^! higher
at the dose. Receipts in he Northwest were 554
cars, against 919 last week and 1711 for two days
a year ago. Chicago receipts were 35 cars. Ki
port clearances were 677.544 bush la. The strength
continued throughout the tension. May wheat
opened from 82 s /ic to *3c, advanced to 85c nd
closed at 84s /4 c, JV.c higher ban Wednesday.
Estimated receipts for to-morro. 50 cars. No. 2
re spot ranged from 895 /8 c to 92«; B e, closing at
9ii/ B @92c.
C0...V- The market was not very strong nor vet
very weak. The rising prices of wheat neld p ices
fairly steady. Receipt's were 15 J cars, and 35.159
husbeis were ta.en from' store. Clear nr 3 were
313.399 bushe'.s. May corn opened at 27V«c, clos
in«at27^»@ 7y#. Vi ' huher than Wednesday.
Estimate . iec<-lpis lor to-morrow 811 cars.
OATS— Market quiet and steady. Wheat con
veyed a port on 1 f its strength to this grain. Be
ceipt were 139 can, May outs c osed uncbangt-d
from Wednesday-. Kstlmated receipts for to-mor
row - ar». '
FLAX-Market firm. Northern, 78c: Decem
ber, 7t>VaSM t>»/ic; May, 82^ub2^4c. Receipts were
5. cars. ' ' -
Pitu VISIONS— The firmness which appeared in
product. was extended by. lies. Tne cose was
firm, bat at r»< <>ss ons from tne outside. Junaarv
pork cosed IJ(sl7^|C hUner, January lard 7i/i@
10c higher, January ribs 7V.C higher.
BUTl'Kß— lheieellngln the butter market was
rather unsettled to-day. Receipts were lower, but
buyer* were backward. -
Creameries— Extras. 22c fi lb: first*. 20@22c:
seconds. ' 15^17c: imitations, fancy, l'<o sc.
Dairies— Extras, 18c: firsts. 13<'<dl5c: seconds. 100
l.'c Ladles — Extras. 10(g)llc; Urt.s, b.^aVau;
packing aock, ttfetaVic: grease, 2V.@3C: roll
butter, 1 1 fa 12c.
EGGS— Market firm. Fresh were in good de
mand. Fresh stock 12c ft dozen.
MONEY— Wai firm at b<£s7>: on call and time
loans. New York exchange sold at 65c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— November, 81 «/.::•. December. 81 %c;
May. B»%c.
CORN— NOTember, 2384 c; December, 23% c;
May. 27%'a,27V5c
OATS — November, 18c; December, 19Vic:
May, 22 Vs "•
PORK— Decembar, f6 80; January, 97 77? a;
May, *8 10. -i " •
LARD — December, 83 85; January, *4 07 V 2 ;
May, $4 30. .
BlßS— December, S3 85; January, 93 90; May,
94 10.
' Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. lia.. Nov. 27.— The
offerings of cattle to-day were moderate. The de
mand was good and prices ruled strong. Hogs
were in light supply and good demand. . Prices
were, stiong to 5c higher. Sheep and lambs wer«
firm.
CATTLK— Receipt*. 4500. Fancy beeves. »5 25
«6 30: choice to prime 1300 to 1700 th steers.
«4 85(— 5 15: sood to choice steers. 1200 to 1500 B>.
(4 50(9*80; meaium steers. 1100 to 1250 lb. S4 15
(a 4 45 : lair beef steers. i 1000 10 1 1200 lbs. *3 404*
4 00: caicmon beef steers. *3 50(3)3 75;. good to
choice stockers and feeders, 900 to 1250 &>, $3 r>Oaj
4 10: fair to 100.1 do. 600 to 875 tb. *2 su-'t}
3 15: Lulls, choice to extra, $3 00@3 76: bulls,
poor to choice, $1 :<o<»-' 90:' cows ■ ana heifer*,
choice to prime. S3 50ia4 00; cows, lair to cnolc«,
fi 4l>_3 40: • rows, common to fair canners. SI 50 '
fgi-' 'ib; calves, cood to choice. 44 60(dli 10;
calves, common to good, $3 26 .4 50; Texas grass
steers. &'- 6503 60: Western range veers, S3 26
ft»M 8U: Western range cows * ana heifers. 82 .5
(a,6 bO; milkers and springers, %k head. .25(340;
Texas fed steer*. $ * 60(g» I 16. «
iitlUb— —eceipia. 19,000. Deary pacxlnt and
rblppinc "lots. S3 20—3 80:. common to choice
mixed, S3 25c; 60: choice ■ assone—' *i> 00*
3 60. llßht, S3 265J3 60: pies. S2 6J*i3 46.
MIKEP — Receipts. 7000. iiuefioc m c_o.c«,
•.2®3 50. lambs. *3@325. ,
Keceipt«at'Kansa« City.'
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 27. — HOGS—Re
celotn, 10 000. : Sblpments 100. Market strong
to 5c higher. Bulk of sales *3 -o@3 30: heaviest.
3.5 i:@ > 35: packers $3 1 -(JB3 30; mixed, $3 20@
3 37 V«. lights, S3 \\}®A 36; porkers, *3 30@3 35;
pl-s, 4>280@3 10.. .
CATTLK— Hecelnts. 8 100. Market steady and
strong. Native steers, best, $4 15@4 «0; fair 10
eood. S3 40@4 10: cows and ueifers. best. SI 25
@3 30: fair to good, $1 70@2 96: stockers and
feeders. (2 60@3 95: Texas and. Wes era, $2 40
@V 10; bulls, 31 90@3 05; caws, Ss@s 10. -
SHEEP— Receipts. 200 J. Market strong. .Lambs
82 75(^4 30: muttons, $L 30® i 20.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, X, V., Nov. 27.-R. O. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
When rush Of orders after the election slacKened,
many began to think business dwlnJling, but sub
sidence of deferred orders is not decrease in busi
ness. DlsaDpolntme:it is observed in Ihe Iron and
steel Industry because various combinations have
been and are still retarding orders by prices which
buyers claim cannot bs maintained, nn I the same
is true in boots and shoes and in a few branches of
textile goods. But business is on tbe whole en
larging, and employment of many more hands will
ex. end purchasing power. The settl men t of the
window-glass con roversy, starting many thou
sands of hands and tbe collapse of some Import
ant Iron combinations with the same effect, give
promise of more business.
Broadly speaking, the gain has been greater
than anybody exptc.ed. and it is nbt suipris ng If
a small part of it is in excess of the present con
suming demand. Xeports from all parU Of the
country show clearly ihe en argement of trad*,
not at all pom s in the same branches, but evi
dently helped i<y a more contident feeling. Mone
tary dlUlcu.ties have vMriaiiaJ t.s if by ma^ic
una bulk-* with an un omfortnbiy Inrge supi-ly of
Idle money are bunting borrowers, as tue bor
rowers were rec<;ntl.- hun.ing lend -rs. Knor
mous gains in bank <ieiosl:s. *. B,n 0,000 in i>vo
week.s. indlca'c sometuia; of the amount oi funds
recently hoarded. Whf at has risen over 6 cents
lor the week, without material change in foreign
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
advices, which have been on the whole less stimu
lating. - -» ,
Corn has sympathized with wheat only a little,
and is coming forward freely. The most im
portant factor in the wheat market Is that the
visible supplies do not gain as much an has been
expected. Cotton has valued only a sixteenth of
its considerable : - decline, and , tbe remarkably
heavy < movement pots the speculators - lor an
advance in constant difficulty, and yet tli' re is all
the time to be remembered that the crop was
nearly one month earlier than usual and the
present excess over las', year's movement may be
materially reduced hereafter, Nevertheless, the
fact appears that Northern mills are taking much
less cotton than in previous years and the demand
for goods is evidently disappointing. It cannot
be said that prices in this department are the
hindrance, for even with some recent reduction in
quantities the sales of staple cottons are compara
tively small. ,
Wool is still bought largely for speculation and
earlier purchasers aro holding, but the mills are
not yet doing much more than In Oc.ober. A few
more have been started, but there is scarcely
demand api arent for staple goods. The boot and
shoe industry is : still .hindered by the general
refusal of dealers to pay the advanced prices de
manded by manufacturers except for the limited
quantities which are immediate required, and while
most manufacturers are working on orders taten
weeks ago on lower prices which will keep them
busy for me weeks to come. very little new b jsl
ne>-s is coming in. No further advance of im
portance has been made in leather and the mar
ket for hides has sharply reacted so that the
average of prices is slightly lower than November
12.
The collapse of the nail combination and prob
ably of the beau combination and considerable re
duction in quotations for nails and beans give
reason to look for a larger demand or products of
iron and steel, but at present the sales against
speculative purchases made some time ago are de
pressing prices and Bessemer pig sold at $12 25 and
according to tome reports a little lower at Pitts
burg. The demand for such products as are not
controlled by the combinations is somewhat In
creasing, but by no means as rapidly as expected.
In minor metal) tin Is scarcely as strong us it was
a week ago, but copper and lead ur stro^rer.
Failures for th<« week have been 300 in the
United .States against 279 last year and 30 In Can
ada against 47 last year. ■
BANK CLEARINGS.'
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 27.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
November 28, with, comparisons, as telegrapned to
Bradstreet's:
. ... : ; - Percentage
Citiks, Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York.... (546.002.859 1b.3 .1....
Boston 82.814,551 9.2
Chicago.. 71.812.412 < 5.0
Philadelphia 69,113,981 7.0
bit. Louis. 21.008.2Mti 23.5
Plttsburg. _ 11.84/.872 22.8
San Francisco 11.S81.&02 21.7
Baltimore, „ 12.236.409 12.8
Cincinnati ;• 9,849.600 8.0
KansasClty 9,345.768 8.9
New Orleans _, 7,820,900 22.9
Minneapolis _ 7,70b\»41. ' 1.0
D ,ro 5.42>,793 3.8 ......
Louisville. _ 4.444,788 f>.B
Cleveland..... 4,657,162 ...... 21.0
Omaha 5.889.717 , 4.5
Denver _ 1.8&7.394 ...... 19.0
I Portl-ud.Or -415.603 46.7
Bait Lake ............ 1,266,043 6.5
Helena 544, -Jl 13.3
Tacoma 476,114 14.4 ......
Seattle 436,378 4.3
Totals TJ. 8.... ...... .8935,955,113 8.9 •
Outside of New Yoric
City 389,952.254 3.6
I*JMI>'ION" OF CANADA.
Total 517.888.640 23.6
NEW AOKK STOCKS.
Bonds. txchan Money and Railroad
Miar-.. '.
Money on call easy at 2a2v_v: last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper,
4_v4^i". Bar tiivtr, tty a :. Mexican co. »r*.
50Jjijji51«iac. Sterling Kxclianze firm, with actual
business 111 , Cankers' bills at *4 b3i/4'*4 a;-! 1 /*
for 60 days and S4 b6 Vi@* 86% for demand. Posted
rates. $4 fc4@* 67%. Commercial : bills, $4 tu®
4 83. Government , bonds steady: ' State bonds
dull: railroad Donas firm, sliver at the board
was quiet. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am & Cable... 90 Noriolk & Westrn. ll» a
Atchison 14 Preferred.. 16»4
Preferr^sj 22% Nor.hern Pacific. 14V_
Adams Express. ..l - IT ferret ~Hts
Alton, Terie Haute 18 Northwestern. 104i /3
American Expresalll Preferred 149
American tobacco 76 N V Central 94 1 / a
Preferred .lulVs N" V, Cliicago&'st L 12 1 4
Bay Hale *. us -O-Vo Ist preferred 70
Baltimore* Ohio.. 107 1 2d preferred. 17
Brunswic- Lands. iVs Y_N H 180
ButtHlo, Koch <t P. 17 IN V._ N w Eng... 4.M/4
CauadaPacinc 86Vi'N V Susq_W.... 10
Canada Southern.. 4hVs Preferred......... 27
Can ion Land 60%iOntarlo 9
Central Pacific 15 'Ontario <& Western I."S
v Let — «.i.io ...... li-V.Ore^onl<iiprijvmnt -'4
Chicago Alton 160 Pre:e-red
|}Prei«ripd 163 Or .on > aviation 16
Chicago, B<t Q.... 79 Oregon Short L.ue. 15 :
Chicago — U111....'41 Pacific Line 2d
1 reierr d 95 Peoria. D<t Evans 2
I Chicago Gas 7.<U,4 Plttsbur< <* W pfd. 15 *
! rlewit Pl.iHburK.l6o Puilman Palace 15tSV_
Consolidation Coal. 35 Quicksilver 2 -
Consolidated Gas..l6lV^' Preferred 10
OCC& St Louis... SO Reading...... 2sW
Preferred.. 82 RioOrandr— Westn 15
Colo Fue. & Iron.. ZSV. 1 referred 40
Preierred.. .. 70 hock Island 69VV
Cotton O 1 Cert 14Va itomeWautOcden.liaVa
Commercial Cable. 150 3IL4nW. 4V_
Dei 11 ds >n 126 Preferred 10 V 3
Uei Lack— Westrn. 167^. ?t Paul... 7-Va \
Denver «fc KG 1 : » /4 ' Preferred 12BV*
Preferred 42'/. Si Paul Duluth.. 20
Distillers — Preierr»-d 85
General Electric... 827 /8 Paul & Omaha.. 4o l/ 4l /4
I trie lk>V»- Preferred 126
Preferred......... 85 JstPMAM... 112
Fort Wayne lbO |.Silver Certificates. 6 V 4 |
Great Northern p:dlil isouthern lac fie .. 15
ureen bay y% ■.-•ou.h- m i. it 10
1iar1em...... 878 Preferred '2bV(,
Hocking Coal. .. sV4Sugar 11ennery.,..117%
Hocking Valley... 72^.1 Preferr d 102
I l.otupgtake.. 34 .Ter m Coal —Iron.. S8y 8
j H _ Texas Central ' Preferred. Hi)
Illinois Central.... 93 Texas Pacific ..... i»s 8 i
lowa Central. «V* To. A A „ N Mich.
Preferred 2»V4t0l Ohio _ Central 20
Kansas — Texas... 13V. Preferred 60
Preferred 28»/J Tol hi. Louis _X C 6
Kingston & Perm.. Si Preferred.........' 15
I— Erie — Westn 18V. Union Pac. tic 9%
Preterred 70 U P Den _ Gnlf VV_
Lake 5h0re. ...... .150 'L" s Cordage 6%
National Lead •24 | Preferred ' 12V.
I'reierred 88 I Guaranteed 25
Long Islam in V S Express 42
j Louisville & Nasb. 49V.U S Leather. fc3/i
j Loulsvill.-, NadtCb a/ 8 ; Preferred 60
Pre.erred IVs U S Rubber 25
Manhattan con 9UVi "Preferred 1*> A
Memphis & Charts 15 Uiica _ B River.. .lso
I Mexican Centra ... 8 |W»b S L «fc Pacific. 6Vs
Michigan Central.. 90 i Preferred lb&s
Minn _ 8 L IWells-J-anjo. 96
l'rcf>-ir d Western Union.... 86%
Minn— Lrom.. 19V. Is onsin Central. i.
Ist preferred 76 Vi Wheeling— L E... BV4
■2d Dret. rred 47V. Preferred......... 31Vs
Missouri Pacific... 'i'lK^Kxa V-> ton Oil pfd. 64
Mob ie_ Ohio •_2. W U Bees 6Vi
I Nashville & 1 bait. C7^ Ann Arbor 9
I National Linseed.. 15 Preferred 23
N J Central ...... .11/5 Brooklyn Traction. 20V4
North American... &V* Erie 2d pfd. 20
Cl-'IMI ■ o BON'I/B.
! Ala Class A **. ...101V. Northern Pac lsts.ll6
Do Class B 4, 65.10 l Do 2d«. 116V4
; Aibbuma. class C. 96 ' Do 3d a. ......".. 97V«
Atchison is 7hi., Do c0n501e5...... 54V.
Do I'd A......... 41% Or Improvmnt Ist.' HiiK*
Canada sou. b 215.104 : Do 6s -0 ' „
■ Cen Pac lets of '06.10:1 O X <fc N 18t5.......11v!Vi
! Cherokee 4s. 1896.102 Do consoi 6*....
Do i»97.. .:.... 102 Or Short Line 65... 110
Uo 1»»H 102 Doconsolsß b5J^
. Do 1899. ...... 102 Pacific 650. '37... .102*, i
Ciies _ Ohio 55....107 Phlla— Heading 4s 80» /4
■ Ch_ N PTr Rets 6s 4.iV* Do Ist pfd tucom. 47 Vj
1 D C 8-665. 1091* X GiandeWest lsis 74V_
I Den — HGlst. 112 stL_ lronMtOen6s 75
Do «^ 8&5,4 St I. & FGen Us.. 10 9
i Eri- 2d5.;. ......... 64 St Paul Con so 5....12-1 A
I FtW— DenClty lsts 68% <t P C _ Pa lsts ..117
iGHA SA (i 5...... 91 So Carolina 4V.4... 100
I Do 2"! 99 Southern H Kb*..; 89.
Gen Eiec DebSn... P3V. Do Pac Cal 15t5.,107
11 «t lex Cent 65... 108 Term new 35....... 80
Do con 6s. 100 Texas Pac 15t5..... 88%
lowa Central lsts.. 100 .axas Pac 2d5..... 22
Kansas Pa consols 72y B Union Pac lits 96.102%
X* Pa lsts Den Divli4 Us 4s reg of 1925.1.9%
La Consol 96 Do4s, coupon. 1197 8
Missouri funding... C 8 4i reg of 1007. 110
MX T .ds .68% Do -s. coupon 110 14
Do 4s 84 . Do 25. ...... ......Ij2 -
Modi c & Ohio 45.. 68 Do is, reg....;.. .113 V.
Mutual Union 6s. .108 ■Do ss. coupon 11M3 8
N J Ci-nt Gen 55.v;117- Va funding aeot... 61S/.
NY C StLouls:4slO«V* Do registered
Nor West 6»117 | Do deferred 65... 5 '
Caro con 4s. 97^1 'Do trust rcpts.pd X
Do 65...... ...... .119 Wasbash Ist 6s 105
Nortbwes:Consols.l3i> West Shore 4s .06"A
Do deb 6«.;......107 . . .•.;-;:• •
FOREIGN MARKETS,
WHEAT IN I.IVKIU'OOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq.,' Nov. 27. -Tbe spot market
Is steady at 7s 6d(§>7s 8(1. Cargoes firm at 355, ar
rived. • , , . - i' " :
V: ' KTTDBKB. ;/..;" ", '
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No.' 2 Bed Winter: No
vember, 6s 9d; December. ■6s 9d; January, 6s
9i/td; February, 6s 9V^d; March, 6s 9V»d.
BECUBITISB. . . /
LONDON, Ens., Nov. Consols, 1117-16;
silver, 29 15-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — S4 88V_
sterling Exchange, bight..:......... — 4 87
Sterling Cab1e5............ — 4 87V_
New York Exchange, 5ight.".:...... — 10 ■
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ■ ■ V'-Va
Fine sliver, f» 0unce.:..'..... -.' — ■ • ; 66i/.
Mexican Dollars 51% -62
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTUKR GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Dlmsdale takes for Cork 63,194
etls, valued at 996,300; Bermuda, for Cork, 88,
-107 rtisat 9132,200.
Futures advanced 2V-c on the morning sessions.
Tbe spot market was also stiff, and choice grades
sold sii 1 blcher. irbtpi are being taicen tor Aua
iralia und boulh Africa lv addition to tbe regular
European business, and this keeps tbe market
strung and active. Quoted at 91 45(g,l 00 ft en
for common grades, $1 s'2\?@i 65 for average No.
1, ?1 57V. for choice and ♦! 60@l 62% for extra
choice f«.r mining.
(ALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 22,ooo
Ctls, $1 59; 2000, $1 58%: 10,000, SI 5834.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, *1 53%;
8000, 31 59%; 2000, *1 69%; 44,000, SI 60i/ 8 :
16,000, 60y.; «>OOO, *1608/ 8 x)eoember-4000,
9 * 51.
Rf.oci.ab Mobnino session — May — 6000
<*]■• JJI 60% ; 4000. SI 60%: 14.000, SI 60V«;
2000, si 60S/ : lu.ooo, si 6>V4: 4000, $1 6OVs;
8000, SI 60; 12,000, SI 6B?_: 4000, SI 6b%.
oer— 4ooo. ? 50. Spot, atorage paid—
«1 51%; 4000, SI 52. *
Afternoon Session— May— «000 ctls, SI 61:
20.000. SI 6IV_::4000. SI 61% December-'.OOU,
SI 508,4-. IXOO, $1 SJV_: 2000. $1 60%
, BARLEY— The marKet continues to advance, i
We quote Feed. 82Vi@»7V_c; choice bright, 90c:
? % L vg '. 92^'@ 97 V.'--. -No. 1 chevalier, SI 10®
1 -U fi Ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
.^■formal SXSBION— 9:IS o'clock -May— 2ooo
Ctls, BBvB c ' •
00 D co>l> a May- 4000 cUs, 98V.C; 6000.
987/ 8 c: 2000. t»»3 /ic: 4000. 9»c. .
Rkoolab Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
»9V 3 c; 2000, 99e>fec; 2000, 9jUc; 2000. 98*fec;
*UUU, pO'"^C -
Afternoon Session — December— 6ooo oUs,
?I%'-: 20,000, 91V.C May-14,000, 99V_c; 4000,
»o%C. , .
•OaT8 — Receipts are heavy again, but the de
mand is belter an 1 the market rules firm. White
ran^e from SI 10 to SI 35 9 cil. according 10
quality. Black, for feed, I'Oug,*! 06: for seed, SI VO
(41 35; Gray, nominal: Red, «I®l 10: surprise
are scarce at SI 50<$l 60.
COUN— No chance to report. Large Yellow, 80
@85c: Small Round do, »1 V ctl; White.. 80®
87% cf» ctl. 1 ■■■•'■?,.
RYE— SI 05@l 10 ■$ ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Sl 25@1 35 9 ctl.
FIOUII AND KILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, Ss@s 10: Bakers' extras, S4 90@5; super
fine, f 4 \L<g>i 60 9 bbl.
CoKNMt.AL ETC.— Feed Corn, »18@19 * ton;
Cracked Com. 51 9®20 V on.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the .rade: Graham Floor, S 2 85
f\ 100 lbs: Rye Hour, $2 75 ft 100 lbs; Rice Kour.
$6 75: 1 or'im -al, $. 35; extra cream do, $3;
Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Grjats, S4: Hominy, S3 10
®:i 30; Buckwheat Flour, S3 1!5@3 60; Cracked
Wheat, S3 50; farina, $4: Whole Wbea: Hour,
S3: Rolled Oats (bbls), $6<36 40 Pearl Barley,
$3 76©4; Split Peas, S3 60: Green do, $4 25 %l
100 lbs.
HAY AND JC.EKDSTUFFS.
Rolled Barley continues to advance in sympathy
with the raw product.
BRAN— SI4@4 60 for tbe best and $13@13 60
f\ ton for outside brands.
MIDDLING — Sl ß@l9 for lower grades ■ and
$19 &0&20 50 f) too for the best.
FEEDSTUFF -< — Ho, led Barley, 519®19 60;
Oilcake Meal at tbe mill, $23 V ton; lobbing, f 24;
clipped Oats, $1 So@l 3j %* cti.
HAY— Wheat, SB@lo 50: Wheat and Oat, «7@
10: Oat. S6®9: Barley. $7@B 50; River Barley.
Ss@6 60; Al aim. $5 60@6 50: compressed, $ii(§
9 60; stock. $5(%6; Clover, $6^3 ¥ ton.
bTB,AW-35@50c i* bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Pinks continue to advance. Bayou. $1 40
@1 60: Small Whites. 91 20@l 35< Large Whites,
SI 10@l 25 %> ctl; Pinks, SI 15@1 20: Reds, SI 20
@1 25; Blackeye. Sl@l 20; Bed Kidney, S- 60:
Limas,Sl 9u@2; Butters. SI 25@1 75; Pea, $1 25
(3,1 4 .• %i ctl.
Ski ba— Brown Mustard, «2 75@3: Yellow Mus
tard, «2 10© -' 25 9 cil; Flax. SI &>@l 40. Canary
<Seo<l,--W&~ a Ac V- B; Alfalfa, 6Vt@6V.c; Rape,
21-2 C: Hemp, oJ-o<-.
DRIKD PEAS— Nlles, $I@l 15.9 Ctl; Green,
SI 40@l 60 ft cil. - •
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, 50c@f 1 $ ctl in
sacks and Sl@l -5 in boxes; Early Bos'-. 40@50c;
River Beds, 40(3550c; Burbank Seedlings, 25@S6c
for I'.lvers and 40c@$l * ctl for Salinas.
ONIuN-— Strong at 40@65c "$ ctl.
VEGETABLES— Mushrooms are dull at s@Bc
V. tt for common and 10^,1 ~^zc 9 &> for buttons;
Marrowfat -quash. S*@b V ton: Egg Plant, 30@
40c V box; Tomatoes, 2t@soc; Green Peppers,
•..')(<4r>oc * large box: Dried Peppers, 7@Bc %» Ib;
Green Peas, 4@6c: String Beans. 4(5.5c V* lb: Green
ukra is about one; Diled Okra. b©9 ¥ Ib; Cab
bage, 40@50c 9 cti; Carrots, 30@40c y. sack; Gar»
He, I%@2C ft lb. - -
i.I 1 I 1 K. CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Tbe demand and ■ supply about bal
ance, hence prices are unchanged.
Cbkamkey- *ancy, L6(g,26c; seconds, 23©24 c
»Jb. ■ '
Dairy— Fancy, 2"@'-'3c: eood to choice, 20@
21c: o»er cr«de<, 15(£18.: ft — -
Pickled— 16© 18c « tt>- -
Firkin— l6@l7<. %» lb. . . . »
I."KKAM. KY 1 UK— lMb 19C V Jb.
CHK. SE— Choice mild new, 13@12c; common
to good old.*@ilOc: Cream ChedJar,li(»l2c: Young
America, JiV_@l"Vic: Western, llV_@l2V_c;
Eastern, 12V.(&13V.c ft Ib. " ' .
■ Eli US— Some dealers report increasing stocks.
No change In qnomtlons. Eastern are quotable at
25@'.'7i^r for tanry and 20@22c for rold-s;ora-e:
ranch Eggs, 27V_@30c for p.llet,', 36@36c for
small to medium and 37V.@40c for fancy ; Duck
Eggs, 25C. :-
POULTRY AND GAME.
' POULTRY— Thanksgiving ' Is over and there are
still enough Turkeys in : the bands of the retailers
to run several days. A good many of them will
not get out even 'on Turkeys, Some of those who
paid .Oc were glad to sell at 1 7c-
A car of Eastern sold at 12c for Turkera, Ss@
! 5 51) for Hens and young Roosters and SB 73@*
! lor Fryers.- ■ .
Live Turkeys, 12@lXc 9 &> for Gobblers. 12@18c
9 lb for Hens: Dressed 1 ur.;e s, 12@15c; Geese,
V. pair. SI 25@: &i>; lies lncs, SI 10@l 70: Ducks.
M 50@4 60 for old and S4@s for youn. ; Hens. 94 {
f5 9 doz: l.o.mtt-r", youuK. $4(bjr4 60; no, old. S4@
60; Fryers, S3 25<»3 50: Crullers, S3 25(&3 50
for larg- and *.' for small: Pigeons, Si 25®
1 50 %i dozen for young and SI for old. •
GA_K- Continues firm. Quail, $I@l 25; Mal
lard, 95@6; Canvasback, Ss<sll: Sprig, $2 &0@
S: Teal, si" st'(g,H ft dozen. widgeon. S2: Small
Duck, SI 60; English snipe, SI 6U@l 75: Jack
Snipe. SI: Hare, $1; Rabbits, SI 2&®i 50 for Cot
tontails and SI for small: Gray Oeeoe, S3; Whit*
I Uetute, SI 25; Brant, Si 50@l 75 v dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITItUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apples are weaker under large supplies. -
Pomegranates are nominal at 76@90c 1* box.
Apples, 86@90c $ box for choice, Sl@l 25 for
fancy Re.., 35(&65c for common ; Eastern, $3©3 50
f» bol. ' .
Pears, 40@75c * box: Winter Nellis, 75c@Sl 25.
Persimmons, 26@76c 9 box.
BEKRIE.s— .
cranberries from Cape Cod, ?S@9 TH bbl; from
Coos Bay. * 2 50 V- «ox.
Mrawberries, *.-(0,4 V chest. !
Raspberries, 2.*:@Jsc f» drawer.
GRAPHS— We »c«k>r, though stocks were
small. B.ack (.rapes, 50@63c y. box; Verde s, 60
@76c f. box: Cornlcbou&, ov(dfTi>r. Grapes in crates
bring 106$ i&c 111 or- than in boxes.
CITRUS' FRUITS— owing to the cold
weather. Mandarin Oranges are quotable at
SI 25@1 50 f, box; Cirape Fruit. *7 %* cox;
New Navel Oranges. a3@4 25 ft box: Seedlings,'
si MVa)2 5 >; Lemons, *i:a, 1 60 for common and $2
(a.'.' 50 %i box for Rood to choice: Mexican Limes,
S ($4 50; California Limes, 60(375c: Bananas,
Sl(<s2 >. bunch; Pineapples. S2©4 i* doz. .
DRIED FKUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows .
Cabload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for i:oyals and HV.®l2c for choice to fancy
Moor parks; Prunes, :.VaC ior the 4 sizes; Peaches,
4(£,r> v 3,.v 3 ,. for prime to choice, 6V^@7c for fancy and
9<<s.oc for peeled In boxes: Apples. 5 3 .ic %4 Ib for
evaporated and 2@2V.0 for sun-dr ed; Pears. 2V_
(n he for prime to cho.ee, 4(*5 y2y 2 for quarters Hnd
6@BVso for halves: P uni<. 4c for pilled ai.d lV_c
for imputed; Nectarines, 3V'2@4Vi c for choice and
5%c ior fancy; White Figs, 3c; BlacS Figs, 2*4
@'A^c. ,^,.. :
Jobbing: Pbicks— Peache*, 4Va@sV4c ",f» Ib:
fancy, 6Vi@7»Ac "£ »>: peeled. l-_'i,' 3 i- V lb: Aprl
co.s, 6V2(<i>9 ■ %i ib; fancy." 10c; Moor parks, 12®
13c; evaporated Apples, - "■i.e.: sun-dried,' 2%@3c;
Prunes, 3S/ 4 @4c lor the 4 sizes: Figs, black, be for
un pressed and 3@3Vfec for pressed; white Ftps,
4c: Plums, 4V_@sc for pitted and iv_c for on
pitted: Nectarines, 4@6c ft tb for prime to fancy:
Pear-, 2V^ftc for whole. 4Vi@sV_c for. quarters
and 4J/2@6V_c for halves.
KAI-I.V>- ,
' Cari.oad Pricks, r. a b. Fkehno- Four-crown
loose. 6V4c; 3-crown, 4V4c:- 51-crown, 3V.c: seed
less iSultunas. 6 V_c;. seedless Muscatels, 4V4c; 3
crown Londo 1 layers, SI 16; clusters, »l 50:
Debesa cluters. $2 60; Imperial clusters, S3:
dried Grapes, 3c $ lb. . - 1
Jobuino prices— San Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, 5%c: 3-crown, 4 /4 c: 2-crown, 3»4c; seedless
Sultanas. 534 c; seedless Muscatels. 4 Vise; 3-crown
London layers, SI 26: clusters, SI 60; Dehesa
clusters, S2 75; Imperial clusters, «3 25. '.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at «@10c: Walnuts,
6V_@7c 9 lb for • s.andarfi and - 9@9V^c •• V ' »>
for softsh-11: Almonds, 6@6V_c for Languedoc,
S@3V_c for hardshell and . b»yc tor paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@Sc for Eastern and 4c for
California: Hickory Nuts, 6@6c *J • tb: 'Pecans,
7^i(ojßr- 9 _; - >iib»rts, 7%@Bc; . Brazil Nuts,
7; V*4£Bc: Cocoanuts, 4@scH 100. ■ ;
UuNEY— l>,@l2V^c for bright and s@9c
for lower {trades; water- white extracted, s@sV.c:
light amber extracted. 4V.&* s /ic; dark amber, 4®
4V<!C: dark. 2®3c ft lb. • % • ' *
BEEbWAX-230^0c y, b>.
PROVISIONS.
■ CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ft lb for heavy, 7c
ft Ib for light medium. »y a c for light. 10c ft Ib for
extra light and ll^c ft lb for sugar-cared. '—ast
ern .; sugar-cured liams, l»(313^c: : 1 California
Hams, uia.iii.j-; Mess 'Beef. *7((57 60: extra
mess.do, »B(g.S 60; family do, <9@9 60; extra
prime PorK. $7 50®8:- extra clear. $16 ft bbl;
mess, $14 ft bbl : Smoked Beet lv. ft Ib • t >-; .
■ , LA Kas'.ern, tierces. is quoted at be for com
pound and 6V.@7c for pure: pails, 7y 2 c f) To: Call.
forDla tierces, s@sV.c ft Ib for compound and 6Vic
for pure: half-bbls, ti»4c; 10- Ib tins. 7V_c: do 6-tt»,
• vS»C * lb. * ..-■ > . ■■'Vn-» j *f^£<s«T> > £^ ''*\>^'\-??-\'.-?'^-J'~ :^***--<J~'
COTIOL.RNE— 6\4O6V_c In tierces and 7%@
BVbc In 10-lb tins. >. ■ ..-. :- ■■"■—. [
HIDES, TiLLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
'i HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers,
B^_c; culls and brands, 1 7@7^_c; medium, 7ffl7V.c:
culls and ' brands, 6®ttV.c ; ; light, : 6@6 V_c ; : culls
and brands, 6@sVfac: Cowhides. 6@6V«c: culls and
brands, 6@sU.c: salted Kip, tia/c: salted Calf,
7@Bc: salted Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 13c * tt>:
culls and brands, 10c \\ tb:dry Klu and Veal, 10c:
culls, 8c 1* lb: dry Calf, 16c; calls. Ice: Goatskins,
'.'< @35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
20@25c 9 Ib; medium. 15®20c: .-■ winter, 7<a9c;
siieepskms, shearlings, 10@.5c each; short wool,
20@35c each; medium, 40@i50ceach: long wools,
6t@6oceach.
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. No. 2," 2V_c -
Ib: refined. sV*c; Grease. 2c y. tb. -
WOOL— We quote Fall* Wool: Hnmboldt and
Merjdoclno. B.'_;9c y, lb: free northern. 7Va®BV_c;
middle coun.les, free, sVi@Tc; do. defective, 41.4 1 . a
@6c; San Joaquin, 3@sc: do. foothil , 6@7c;Kait
em regon spring. 7Va@Pc: Valley Oiegon, 11V
@12Vjc; do. fall and lI@IIVaC
HOP? — 9@llc tb for fair to choice, and 12@
13c for fancy. " , '
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
" BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags,' spot, 4V_«. Wool
Bags. 24 V_-a-2eV_c ;''<•:. l ,
COAL— a local circular says: "During the week
there have been five arrivals from the northern
collieries with 11,798 tons of Coal, which Is a very
small amount to meet our requirements at this
lime of year. The toial amount 'foreign Coal
due to arrive he ret year does not exceed 40,000
tons and all the Coa. from Great Britain and Aus
tralia that can possibly arrive here In January
next will not exceed 30,000 ions more, so that 70,
-00 0 tons in all constitute our visible supply to
February.' 1897. As t .Is only equals about 20
days' consumption, we shall be forced to draw
very generously from our Coast collieries to make
good the deficit and English ' and | Colonial stocks
will have become materially . diminished. This
will lead to an improvement in values, as all ar
rivals of Swansea and Colonial ' after February
next will have been leaded at much higher f reluh'.s
than were prevailing one month ago. 'I'ae quoted
rate this week tor Coal . from Swansea Is 18s tSd V
ton, nearly SI ¥ ton higher than in October, and
lreiftbts from Newcastle, N. S. W., are 12a 6d, just
2s 6 d higher than four weeks ago. If outward
grain freights remain In the present depressed
condition for several months, as they very prob
ably will, our large consumers of Coal bad better
provide themselves with their fuel requirements
at current rates, as a delay may prove costly to
them." Wellington, ¥8 i* ton; New Wellington,
S8 1* ton; .t-outhfield Wellington. »7 60 9 ton;
Seattle, $5 60<&6; Bryant, 5£5 60: Coos Bay, 95:
Wailsend. ■ »6: Scotch, ; Brymbo, : Cum
berland, SI 3 "P ton In bulk and Si 4 In sks; Peunsvl
vania Anthracite Egg, Sli£l2 >» ton; Welsh An
thracite, $8© 10; Cannel, SB(S>B 50;'R"Ck springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
Sllft-12 in bulk and 313 1) ton In sks.
RICE— Is very firm. Chinese mixed, 93 40@8 45;
No. 1, S3 BU@4 "P ctl: extra No. 1, 94 au(g,4 50:
Hawaiian, 94 »0: Japan, 94^4 50.
Sl/'GAu— The Western sugar Keflolni; Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6c;
Powdered, sV_c: Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4 %o: Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A,
4V.c: Kx.ra C, 4S/ 8 c; Golden C, 4Vic: half barrels
V4c more than barrels, and boxes V.c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rat*a for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ; ;-'■■"
BE F— Choice, 6V_c: first quality, Be: second
do, 4©4 V.c: third do, 3V_c '+ Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4%@5c; small, 6®70 ft tb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@sV_c; Ewes, 4@sc
*tb. »
LAMB— sfd6c "i" tb. • .
POKK— Live Hogs, 3 Vic . for large and medium
and 3V_c for small; dressed do, 4@5 V4C %i Ib.
RECEIPTS Of PRODUCE
FOB 24 HOURS
Fionr. or sk« 16,416i Straw, tons 38
Oregon 13,-71 Ijiumr, Clls 9.
Washington.. 4.052 1 cheese, cus 75
\\hea.c.is. 161,1.-6 K«s, doi 8,160
Oregon B,J«4U ; H ides, no 60<i
Washington... 6.7 V.6 Pelts, bdls 8.770
Farley, cus 8,895 Wine, pals 30,800
Oats, ctls 187 Wool, bis 100
Ogden 860 Oregon, sks.... 161
Wasbington... 16.750 Washington... 95
Beans, siij _ 3,318 Sugar, uois 1,558
Corn, ctls 65u leather, r0115... 4
Rye, ctls 66 Kaislns, boxes.. 375
1 omtoes. sks.... 6,H'S Lime, bbls 601
Oregon 3. 6 Tallow, ctls. 20
Onions. s<s 1,:<62 i.umber. M fwu. lv
bran. Or, sks.... 3,3. .0 Qnicksllver.flssj ft
Middlings, sks... 276 calfskins, bdls... 38U
Hay, tons „ 370
! FAMILY KKIAIL MARKET.
There are no changes this week In Meats or
Dairy Products. Turkeys are lower, as is usually
the case after Thanksgiving. Wild Ducks are high. |
A few oh an in Ve^ciault-s wl 1 be observed.
Following is Tax Calls regular weekly retail
price list: , -
COAI/— m TON.
Cannel . 9 6O@iOOO Pleasant 0 80(510 00
Wellington. . — ®10 00:Southfleld
New Wei- ' i Wellington — <a 950
lington - <aiO 00 1 Scotch...... — <§ —
Seattle 7 00® - Coos Bay... 625© 675
Castle Uau*. - 60@10 00 - -
[ ■ liXIBV fBODTTnr_ ITTC.
Butter, fancy, V • I Cheese, C*i — ...12@15
square 60ra55 1 Che««e, Eastern. ..ls@2o
flo, roU ..45(<550 Cheese, Swiss... 20(330
. do. choice.—.-.. — Common — @8i»
Ordinary do 36*£37 RanchK«gst(dz...4o('<s4s
Pickled roll 3<)@35 Honey, comb, 'tkßt. 12(^15
iirtln —@30 do, extracted.... b(g>lJ
MKATS — PKR FOCNP.
Bacon .....12(ai" 1 Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, choice :12<ai5 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good .; B@lo Pork Chops . 12(0.15
Corned 8eef.....:;3 B@— Round Steak B^lo
Ham. Ca1 ........12V><515 Sirloin Steak... 12 V a —
do, Kastern.. . . . 16($ 1 6; Porterhouse, do. ..17&20
Lard ...... ....... 12T&15 Smoked Beef — <515
Mutton 8&1 C Pork eiausagea.... —^20
Lamb.. ........ "....10g?— Veal 10(_)15
POULTRY AND OAMK.
Hens. each..... 40» CO, Hare, each..... 160 20
Young Hooiß- IWilo Ueese.ea. 20© 30
en, eacn 60® 60jlMiK«ulpe.«4iiz2 50(0.3 00
Old Boosters, |.TaX Snipe. %«d_l 60«aj —
each.... 60® — Qualf, f> dor... -©150
Fryers, each... 35<» 40Mallaru,'^ pr. 1 OOCcul 25
Broilers, each. . 25$ 36 CinTMba k.prl b(.@2 00
Turkeys. X !b.. 15»a lfc Sprig, pafr.. 6i/@ ■75
Ducks, each... 35(3 • 60 Teal, 1 air... 6U@ 75
Geese, each 76&1 00 Widgeon, H» or 5- m 60
Pigeons, p pr.. 40 a. JkOlSmll Duck, Dr. 35© 40
Babbits, *pt.. Ss(_j 4UJ
FBUITS Aim JJITTH.
Almonds, V n> 12@15iOranges, ft d0i... .20035
Apples. n>.. ...... 464 6iPear», 1b........ 4® 5
Bananas, 9 d 0?. . .. 16@20 Baislns, ? 1b....... B<*ls
Cocoanuts, each... 4s) to Raspberries, drwr. — ®50
Figs. « lb 10@12 Strawoerrles,
Grapes, V tt>. ...... h@H.I 9 drawer ....80(340
Lemons, li d0*.... 25^301 Walnut* f» lb 15® —
Limes, 9 doz .15®— | -
' , VKGKTABLIBS. •
Artlchokes,ftdoz76@l 00 Mushroom V ».16(5;25
Beets, > doz 12.'$15'Mr'fat Squash, ft It 6@lo
Brans, white ?.Ib. M ;ni 6 Dried Okra. ~& tt>..12@15
Colored, ft tt> :-(o> 6 Onions, ft lb ". 4@' t»
Lima, ft _....... 4® i: Peppers* green, B^lo
Cabbage, each 6@loi Peppers, dried ...16@ —
Cauliflowers, each, Cum »Parsnips, * a0«..»i6@20
Celery, %i bunch... 6(<ii —i Potatoes, ft tt>..... 2(<s 3
Cresß.9dzbnnchs.2O@26| > Swe-- .>* lb.. 'A«t. 4
Cucumber, t» doz. b@10 ; Radisheß.«dzbcns.lO(g)l'il
Kc-- Plant. %i 1b... 6® B Sage, i* lb ...26(^35
Garlic ?t 1b. ........ si^ -String Beans, ft II- B*olo
Green Peas, 9 lb.. H@lo|Thyme, %l tt>....:..20®30
Lentils, V ft 6® BjTurnips, «t d05...,15®20
Lettuce, 9 doz....ls©2o'Xoaiatoe* %i 5t.... 3® 6
jrißH— pnnsa' • '
8arracuda.......... — (51iad... ....... ...... 8-&10
Carp , 6@ t> Sea Bass ..10(3)12
Codfish.... ...12C-)1d 5me1t5.. ..'.._,...... 12015
Flounders IWm — : 801e5... ........ 10(^12
Halibut. :.. 12®i6ISkates. each 5@15
Herrlne. 8@ 5turge0n....... ....16@18
Klngflsh. ».... 10iT0mc0a... ......... 12©1' V
Mackerel.. —(A Clams, ?t ga1....... —^50
do. Horse. -® — Do. hardshell, ft
Perch ..;..»..•..•;. 10(80— \ ■ 100 :...;....... 6O@ —
PomDano 40<3 — Crabs, each.. 12®1S
Kocknsb ....... 1»'«412 Do. softshell. ft d_25®35
Salmon, smoked.. .2O(s — Mussels,' ft art 10W12
Salmon, treab B@l2 Oysters, Cal,* 100.40® —
bnrimps . . 10 Uo. Kastern, $ CU ,2s<_}l.O
— ■ * — — .;•
THE STOCK MARKET.
The strength that marked the close of Wednes
day was again visible yesterday and almost ali
of the Comstocks were higher, notably Potosl and
Cbollar, which advanced 15 cents each, with Alpha
and Yellow Jacket as good seconds.
Bodik Con.- 200 level— North drift from the top
of the Glidea raise was advanced 27 feet and Is
st:ll in old ground. 400 level— Cleared out the
north drift from the old raise on tbe Forluna vein,
near the north line, and opened up the old raise
from this drift through to the Burgess ledge.
Bdlwkb Con.— loo level— Raise 1 from the
main drift wan extended 6 feet. There is no
change in tbe top. 200 level— Stoplng south from
the old raise over crosscut 2 south. Tbe ore is low
grade. Tunnel level— Stoping from raise 1 and
from over south intermediate drift from crosscut 2.
Raise 4 advanced 8 feet, showing a slight improve
ment in the top and north Intermediate drift from
crosacut 3 was driven 7' feet, the seam of ore
pinching in the face. 300 level— South drift from
waste chute reopened for 16 feet. 400 leve — Fin
isned repairing track in main drift- During the
week 13 -^c tons of ore were extracted from ihe
various working olac^-s; no assays.
MoNo-Bodie 400 level— South drift from Bodie
s de on the Fortuna vein was advanced 14 feet
during tbe week, and 3 inches of quartz is show
ing in the fac.
mandasd Mill Htatexkst.- Ore crushed for
lh<> week : 260 tons for the Standard Consolidated
mine »• d3B tons for the Noonday mine. Average
assay vanner tailings, S8 03; tons concentrates
produced, 2%: assay value. S3B 83; plate amal
gam produced, 843 ounces. Tailings plant 1
treated 219.95 tons takings; plant v treated 501
tons tailings.
An official letter from tbe «avage mine, under
date of November 23, says that in tne Comstock
workings, on the 750 level, there is no change in
the formation. O> the BjO level the face ot
west crosscut 1, opposite east crosscut 3, is in por
phyry. In tht main south drift on this level they
bave extracted 3o carloads of ore. The s.reak has
widened since last report-
In the >arage Company's ground on the Bruns
wick lode the following work was done dm trig the
week : Shaft 1 was sunk 11 feet: total depth, 715
leet on the incline. 300 level— The main north
drift was advanced 27 feet, making its total length
207 feet from the soutu boundary. The face is In
day and porphyry.
The Joint Confidence. Challenge Con. and Con.
Imperial west crosscut 1 from tbe surface tunne:
is out 848 feet, 16 feet bavin- been made durlne
the we-k. The face is In pcrphvry.
As no work has been done lv the Crown Point
mine since November 14 no official reports have
been issued from tie Gold Hill office.
The yield of th" Beicher mine for the past week
amounted to 31 mining carloads of ore, of the aver
age assay value ot Slti 76 per ton.
The >eg. Belcher mine yielded 18 carloads of on j
during the past week. The average car-sample as
say of the same was $25 60 per toe. A force of 7
miners is employed.
The yield of the Confidence for the past week
was 12 mining carloads of ore, the average top
sample of which assayed $20 57 per too. .
1 he Overman mine yielded 6 tons ana 50 pounds
of ore from the north drift on the 900 level during
ice week. Tne average assay value of tbe ore was
$36 41 per ton. ________
BO All I > 'isA— KS..
■ ; jronowfnr were the mum In the Saa Francisco
Btcck Board yesterday:
Hrotrt.Aß IIOBNINO simmon*. rrtMVRNCTNS 9:30.
200 Alt* .—O7 60 Cha11ge...39 100 Ophir...l.'_s
800 Andes 21 100 .......?I7*oo Ovrmn.... 10
40') Belcher ...41 '-'60 thllar. .2.10 SOU P0t0j1....94
160 ...... 40 »00CC_V.. 1.06*00 93
500B&B. 8» 100 04C......tfu -00 won BO
SOU 8u11i0n.... IB 900 JI-N...1.-0
i- ii.nc><>n MBMfnf«~fllM
700 Alpha H 100 UAC «2 500 I'otoil .. 1.00
300 . 16H0" J1»r>...1.2 060 1.06
100 Eelcner...3'J 100 J untie*.. -07 2mi »»»Tage...63
600 BAB n ..t>3 > JOU Mxlo, 5*200 62
SO) b01r...2'2< 200 UU MM M N«v... 60
100CC_V.-1.76 3000ph1r...1.»0«WJ Uuioo C-.64
gOO vAC 63 100 0v__8,...K V J-41-H...42
ToUowitiK were «»* *••*"* lull 1'— »illo Block
. icitd yesterday:
B>orr.Aw M-.^inn-ii'it
100 A1pha. ...12 100 Conn «* 20) rowel 90
UK) Alt» ....07 500 C Imp CM 200 91
300 Andes... .2! 500 ......r..~.02 300 Ui
40" Kelcber.. St 200 Crwn Pt..»;- .',OO ..!»<
700. "„ 41 3UO 34 800 »»»
350 11 "i 8....8J JOO 3. 400 »7
400 8u11i0n.... 1b 700 Kxcnqr ...02 500 ...MH
610 ............ 17*10 U«SU. 60.100 OP
200 Caleda.... 10 400 H2500 ..........1.00
•_si> cualuic.. ..B9 1200 ll<fc.N..l.2ti 501) Scorpion. .(M
450 Choir. -.2. 1'- 600 ....1.25 100 H 11. tM.,. 11
100 vy 82008 200 Justice... o7 iSJ a Nev 64
'-00 ..........-'.16 500 Keniuck..o3JoJ Uni0n... ..49
160 ..-.. 2.2U40U Alex.. 56300 60
650 ........ 3.26 300 Occd 24 400 Utah 09
500 ...2.27}. 150 0ph1r1.27%80.».Y — 37
20J CCV. I.67V. 400 UTrmn.... 10,400 40
200 ..1.7U30U fc«vaise....s9
' A*TKKI»OON SESSION— 2:3 a
160 Alpha 14 20'J Ch01r2.22V. 600 P0t051.....98
200 Andes.... 2l 100 2.20 800 ............99
100 ..; .00 2.15450 1.05
600 Belcher... 4o 60 Conn" .... 98 700 1.00
SOU 39200 C Point. 40.» Bavage.. .61
200 41 400 &C.....61 300 — ...60
250 BAB. 86 300 62:700 88& M....13
100 84 25J H_N1.22%30»> bN«v....5»
100 8001e...-. 64 300 Mexican -6 7 300 ......... .57
250 Huinou.... 20J sfc 200 Uni0n. ...62
100 8u1wer...4(. 600 ......69 200 63
100 42 100 Mono 17 lOJ U:aa Oa
200 Cal eda....lOdOOOcotdtl_..23 70J XJao*ei..39
160 Chalice.. .39 260 Ophlr 1.27 V. 600 ...........40
200 40 100 1.3. 300 42
260 CCV....d*4200 0vrmn....10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FHIDaY, Nov. 27-2 r. m.
A. Asked. BidLAshrA.
A In*- Can..... 1* 16 Jackson -.25 40
Alt*.. .._ 07 08JoHa. -— lie
Andes. 20 21 Justice. .07 . 08
Belcher 40 41 Kent nek..... _ 03 04
Best A Belcner 83 hi Lady Wash.... .02 13
Benton Con..- — li. Mexican 58 60
Bodie 63 —Mono 15 —
bullion „ 17 18 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bulwer.... 99 - Occidental.... — 22
Caledonia. —;. 10 Ophlr 1.25 1.30
Chollar.. 2.10 2.2 i Overman.. 09 10
Lon.(Jai<feVa...l.7o 1.75 Potosl. ....... 99 1.00
Challenge Con. 39 40 tavaee.. 61) 61
Con. imperial. 01 ( i 5c0rpi0n.. ..... 03 —
Confidence.... 88 1.01 ■seg. Belchee... 13 14
Con New York — Oi syndicate ..... 02 —
Crown Point... 32 33 Mlver Hill — 12
KastSterraNer — t4 sierra Neva— b 38 69
bureka Con ... 25 — Union C0n.:... 62 64
Kxcheauer .... — us Utah ..: — 08
Uouladt curry. 62 6: . i eUow JacKM. *0 41
li «i * — orcra, 1-20 1.26
GOLD MUtIMG KXOHAXOB.
400 Lockwood Con.. :...... . • *7
100 Savannah "....*.".'." *."..*.".. 46
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. 27-2 p. m.
l-NITID STATES BONDS.
Jhm. aikux. Bid. Atked.
US4sCoud.Ho — US 4s reg... — 107%
Do new issueil9i ' 3 —
MISCKLLANKOCTS BOVWI.
Ca!-stCble6s. 110 — iPacßoll — —
Cal£i«cL6sl26 — Do 2d is 65... — —
CutiaC Wss »2V. 971-2 P<feO Ry ds. — 115
Dpnt-stex-cp — 97V4|P<feCii Ry 6s. 95 98
LAPrisi2sV ! 2l27^|Pw;-s. RR 6* — 113%
F<t CHRR6sIOO 105 Heno.WL&L — 105
Gtary-st K&slOO — i^acto PAL. — 100
LosAngL6s — 100 'SFANPRS... 99^100
Do>inteed 6s — 103% s>PßKAriz6s »3 03
M<t-stCbe6sll9 — aPRRCaI ds.llo —
DOK.-COD Dj.106 108% «HRK( albs. — 100
Vin6s Ist — 100 PBrßCal6s. 961,4 —
NevC.Ngß7s.loo — SVWater6d.llß^ll9V.
NPCRRtts.IOOV.IOS sVW»>r*», 99V* v9Vi
NBy Cal 65. 100 105 SlktnG-E6s - 102
NBy Lai ss. — 90 -unsc»it 6s. — —'•-'
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 »utter-51R55.109%i —
D02di555...106y 8 107 Vi VlstiliaWCOs — —
omnibus 65.. 119. 119 V. ..
WITEB STOCKS-
Contra Costa — : S3V_|San Jose — —
Mar In co. — 49 — iSprngValusy 97% 98 .
«AS STOCKS.
Capital....... — 35 Pacific Light 49 49 Vi
Central 96 — San Francsco 97 98
Oak GL & H - 64 Stockton — 20
Pac as Imp 88V. *■»' 1
• • INSDBANCK STOCKS. •'
Ftreman'sFdl62V.lßO (Sun — —
COMMEIICIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß<feTC. — — |LondonP<feA.l26 128
Ansloeal 64 59 London— sF. — 30
Bau-of Ca1.232 . 240 iMerch Ex.... 12 —
Cal-D&TCo — 110 , Nevada...... — —
First NatlonllSO 185 Sather BCo. — —
VINOS BANK STOCKS.
LCo- 1360 1600 jSav_ loan.. — 105
HumbS&L.llOO — Security.... ..2so —
Mutual .: — 40 Union Trust. 770 — •
SFSavUnlon'— 510 |
STBKBF BATXBOAD STOCKS.
1 California... 110 lOakSL— Hay — 100
Gt-ary 5t....~ — 60 Presidio " 6Va —
Mark»t-5t.... 431,4 ■»3Vi|Sutier-5t..... — —
ruwciß stocks.
Atlantic D... — ' — C0n.... — 20 '
Exstern D.... 73 — Uud-on D.... — ' —
California.... 70 100 1vig0rit....... 400 70c I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. I
Alaska 97 100 Nat Vln Co.. — —
BikDCoalCo. — 10 ceanlcSSCo 21 23
Cal Cot Mills — — Pac Aux FA— 4
Ed son Llghll24V_l2s PacßoraxCo. .95 —
Gascon Amsu. — . - — . Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Parf Paint Co — 7
HawCASCo.. 18% 18% PacTransCo. — —
HutchSPCo 25% 25% Pac Co — i —
MerEx Assn.. 100 110 Sunset TAT. — —
MElee Light — 4V. United C Co. —> —
. ■.'.'- 6ALJCS— ItOB-M-SU Bi>Ji3iOJi.
Foarii— - 1
5 Cal Safe Dep05it......... 107 60
60 Hawaiian C0mmercia1.....;......... in 87>A
200 Hutchlnson S P Co. .....'...._, 26 75 .
1 •- 6 Market-st Railway . 43 12V4t
10 Pac Gas Imp 89 25
1 60 is V Water »)8 00
► ir»i
-SIOOO NPCR R Bonds. 103 60
fALts-A.ritn.f.wf 1854104.
Board— ' , -.'•• : -. :
325 Hawaiian Commercial. 18 76
60 Hutchinson 8 P Co 25 75
130 Maricet-st Railway 43 25
Href ■ •
920,000 SF A N P Hallway Bonds 99 75
A Bereaved Cat's Su'cide*
A curious siory of an animal deliber
ately committing suicide comes from a
little village In the western part of this
State. A cat and a dog brought up to
gether were great playmates and very
fond of each oiher. They were the pets
of a family whose borne was not far
from a railroad track, and one day the
do.' raced over the rails too near
an approncbing train, and was struck by
tbe engine and instantly killed. Tbe cat
was in full cbase after him at the mo
ment, and saw her playfellow meet his
death. She was inconsolable, refused her
food and would not run or play about in
answer fo the children's efforts to arouse
her. She strayed often down to the track
where her friend was killed, and finally,
one day, less than a week after the dog's
death, the cat leaped in front of an incom
ing engine and was herself killed.— New
York Times.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Novkmbik, 1898.
Su.
Ma
Tn.
w.
Th.
IT.
Sft.
Moon's Phi
IK
3
4
5
c
7
©
New Moou.l
Nov. 4.
•
10
I 11
12
13
I 14
___
:
3 Firs: Quarts
.Nov. 11.
15
16
17
18
18
20
11
___■
■
! ;
vi Full Moon.
\2J Nov. 20.
23
94
25
at*
97
28
La«t Quarter.
vV ;sov. 27. -
SO
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
sti amkr ;
From
Duic
Mackinaw......
Truclcee :.;.....
Pomona 7; ;;;;■..
Australia.......
Empire... .;.;...
(oat Bar. .....".
Doric ..„...;.
*'aralloa... .-.;.:
Crescent City. . .
Costa Rica.
Corona. V..r.....
Columbia
Walla Walla...
Han Jose....;..:
Kureica_'.:.....:
Weeott .::... ...
Homer :;^xi;'i:
Wellington... .
Arcata>..;..l;r.
Bunoi. ..........
BantaBosa.....
Tacoma..;.
Coos Bay ........::..
urn bold". Bay. .........
Honolulu ...............
Portland.;;....."........:
Newport..;.. .;.... ..".;.".
China and Japan
Yaqulna Bav ........ ...'■
Crescent Cl ty ........
Departure Bay
-au Diego...............".
Portland ;*.*. .•..'.'..'.'.■.
Victoria <£ Pnfcet Sound
Panama .■.....-. . .', ■.
Newport. .'...
Oregon ports............
coos lia»- :r.... ■..".;■.;. ;:-.
Departure Bay ....'. . . .'. .'
Coos Bay.....".
Newport...
san Di»o. ."...;_."..:.::.
..Nov. 28
..XOV as
..Nov 28
..Nov 28
..Nov i.8
.Nov •£»
..NOT 29
. Nov 39
. . Nov 30
..Nov SO
.Dec 1
: Dec "*1-
Dec 1
..Dec 1
Dec 3
Dec 3
..Dec 3
..Dec >S
Dec 8
..Dec ,'*
..Deo 6
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAM | DESTINATION', j BAILS. : | PIER.
Arcaia ] Coos Bay i>Jov 52&104 M j Her 13^
Costa Rica.. Panama....... !> ov 28, . IVtM P M S3
Trucltee . . coos liav XoV2S, t>PM Pier 2
State or Oal. ! Portland :.;... Nov 29.10 am Pier J4
banta Rosa. Ban Dieco Nov29,llam Pier 11
P0m0na....: ! Unmboldtßa\ Nov 29, V?M|Pi«r9
City Puebiaj V loft SndNov 30, »am Pier 9
Empire | Oregon ports. . I Nov 30. 6pm ' Pier 13
Coos 8ay.... Newpor . Dec J.fAM Pier II
City Peklnqr Cblna& Japan ! nec 1. Ipm PM SS
City Sydney j Cent America j Dec 1,32 n;PM»3
C0r0na...;.. Nan Die 50. . Dec 3.l3aii | i'ii»rlL
Faralion.... Kaauina Bay. Dec 4. spm | Pier 2
Columbia... Portland . Dec 4.10 am Pte»2t
......... 1 (irars riaroor. Dec G. 15!» Pier a
Knr °'<'« 1 Newport . . . Dec, -6. «'** "!-rU
SAILS.
I PIER.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U i?" COAST and Geodetic Stjbvky Tide. )
a iSt-LLE-riN Published by Official }
AUTHOBITy OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
. % -V\ Satur a , November 28.
01 " 18 * 1 " 7.06 1 Moon rises AX
«nnaet» 4.62 I Moon sets. ......
November— 1896.
l\ll± Fe.:2l_lFeeJ
?tH W - L \V|
H \
! l_. I
i Feet ii 7 "'^' Fose
Ii W
UH. tJ.-<si| t.a 1-z.xn
LW B W
29 0.08 1.8 7.00
HO 1.00 2.1! 7.38
1 1.64 2.6 8.16
2 '2.47 2.9 8.58
a 3.34 3.1 9.40
HW L W
4 0.08 4.6 4.22
1.6 601 a.9 T
i> « H \V
«2 ol9io 19 i 0.8 7 - 3B 4.0
5.8 2.17 —0.2 8 r.5 4.2
6.1 1 8.15 -0 9 10.06 4.4
6.1 4.05 -1.4 11.10 4.4
6.2 4.re —1.6
H W L""W
3.4 10.24 6.0 5.48 -1.7
Not*— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives tbe second tide of the day, tbe third
time column tbe third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives tbe last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as .sometimes
teenrs. The heights given are additions to tbe
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hrdrographla
Office located In tbe Merchant-*' Exchange la
maintained In Saa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense. »
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the 1
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing 1
directions of the world are kept on nan for com-/
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce. ' -
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before -
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
tele;rapblc signal received each day from the
United States Naval Ob^erva.ory a; Mare Island.
Cal. ..-■■■ ..-. ■ . ■ ■ ; .
A I notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, is
published the samu day ny the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following lav.
. * W. S. Buohbs.
■ Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
" The Time Ball.
Ibanch Hytjbo«baphic OrririH, U. 8. ST. ">
■ ■■ Merchants' Exchansh ■ r
Ban Francisco. November 27. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wasdroppel
exactly at noon to-day— i. a, at noon of the l'-Ottx
meridian, or exactly at 6 p. m., Greenwich time.
W. s. Hughes.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in cbarxe.
SHIP PING INTELLIGENCE.
->!;;. ■: ." Arrived. '• ' •
i've?:;i 'vc?:;y .': FRIDAY, November 27.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson, 41/3 days from
San Diego, • to: produce, to Good all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 61 Va hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins _
Co. ■
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, 86 hours from Seattle;
36 ,0 tons coal, to P B Cornwall. .- • ■ . • ■
StmrNavurro, Miller, 16 hours from Fort Bragg;
lumber, to Union Lumber Co ' -
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 3V_ days from Astoria:
lumber, etc. to N ess Co.
Mmr Sunoi: Dettmers, 8 days from Grays Har
bor, bound to Newport. Pot in to land first offi
cer, be being very sick and unable to proceed on
th* voyace.
. Scnr Eureka, Wlrscbulert, 6 days from Nehalem
Bive : lv 11 ber, to Pacific Box Fac.ory. :
Schr Newark Beck. 15 hours from Bo wens
landing, 16 / M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Schr Chetco, Wlrscbu err, 3 days trom Coqullla
River; mdse. 10 J & Kiraball.
Cleared.
FRIDAY. November 27.
Ship JB Brown, Magune, Nanalmo; John Rosen
fold's Sons.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, November 27.
I Stmr Eureka, Parsons, san Pedro.
Sfmr Greenwood. Carlson. ' .
Stmr Yaqnina. HalL
. Stmr Cleone, Johnson, Crescent City.
i Stmr santa CruA Nicolson, Port Uarford.
Ur ship Dlmsia:e. Roihery. Queeostown.
Br ship Bermuda, Kobn, Queenstown.
Bark Chas B Kenney. Anjerson, Melbourne.
schr Volunteer. Bresson Mollendo. /
' Schr Lily. Bottger, Umpqua. \ i
. bchr Archie and Fontle. colstrup, Stewarts Point.
Charters
The ship Francis loads met? for New York: ship
Henry B Hyde, sugar at Honolulu for New York;
snip S P Hitchcock, sngarat Honolulu for New
York; schr Nokomis. sugar at lillo for this port:
Nor bark Stiorn, wheat to Australia, lump sum;
Br ship Andromeda, wheat to Brisbane, 20s: swe.l
ship Lady Lina, lumber on the sound for .Mel
bourne, Adelaide or Port Pine. 38s 9d; Br ship
Largo Law, wheat to Cape Town or Aigoa Bay
25.
Telegraphic. . . ■
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 27.— 10 F. X.— Weather
hazy; wind NE: velocity 6 miles. - «
Domestic Port*.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Nov 23— Br stmr
Hawlch Hall, from Shanghai.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Not 22— Bark Hea
per, forFreem«ntle.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Nov 27— Schr
San Buenaven ura, from Grays Harbor.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Nov 'it— .stmr Whltes
boro, hence Nov 25. .
sailed Nov 27— stmrs Pomona and Scotia and
schr Mary Buhne, for San Francisco; bktn Mary
Wlnkelman, for Sydney.
ASTORIA— -ailed Nov ' 27— 8chr Emma Clan
dlna, for Redondo.
EUREKA Arrived Nov27— Stmr A Blanchard,
hence Nov 24: stmr South Coast, hence Nov 26.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Lucy, fm
fmpqua; schr Alice, from Eureka.
bAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr National
City, from Eureka: H B M stmr Wild Swan.
N a Va RKO— Sailed Nov 27— stnir Alcazar, for
San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 24,
t- ailed Nov 26— Br bark Kenyon, for Queens
town. Nov 27— Br bark Tweedsdale, for Queens
-1 town, '
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov Stmr Noyo,
hence Nov 'i 6
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Faral
lon, for San Francisco. ■
TACOMA— Sailed JSOv 27— Dan ship Jupiter, for
Qneenstown, iUdlUMm— ■JK*iHHiliimii|»iii 1
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Wm Ren
ton, from Seattle. • :
POINT ARENA— Sailed No v 27— Stmr Whltes
boro. for Greenwood. ,•--.- . ;.
Eastern Port*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 26— Ship St John,
hence July 15. -, .-j.:, ' t
Foreign Port*. . .
SWANSEA— CIeared Nov 10— Br ship Afon
Ataw, for San Francisco.
TOCOPILLA— Nov 13— Haw schr Hono- '
lulu, for Honolulu.
HONGKONG— sailed Nov 25— Br stmr Empress
of India, lor Vancouver. .
CORONEL— sailed Nov 23— Br stmr KlrkhUl,
for Havre. Nov I*4— Brstmr Leander, for Ant
werp. -■■'• ' . . : - ■ .
NANAlilO— Arrived Nov 26- Nor stmr Peter
Je bsen, from San Diego. .
Importation*.
PORT irOS ANGELES- Per Santa Cruz -92
bags ric°.
, Port Harford— 49 hogs. •
"ASTORIA— Per Empire— 42o^M ft lumber, 4500
bdls snooks, 41 bdls bides, 60 Sks nones. . .
I eORT H v RFORD— Per Santa Rosa-2l cs eggs,
10 sks dried irult. 8 bxs fish. '& coops chickens, 56
dressed calves, 1 coop turkeys, 154 sks beans. 41
sks oats, 1 bx mackerel, 2 bxs hardware, 11 cans
tallow, 64 bxs apples, 2 sks potatoes. 1 onions.
1 firkin 7 keys 21 bxs butter, 25 pkgs mdse. 1 pkg
tobacco,' 1 sk onions, 122 sksgarvanzas, 2 cs wine,
80 sks wheat. -■■• ■ "■_-- - - '
Santa Barbara— 32 pkgs mdse, 21 sks crawfish,
107 bxs lemons. . . ■ . - . : :
. Por. Los Angeles— 29 pk« hides, 39 sks walnuts.
47 bxs oranges, 20 cs corn. - ■ '• - J
-; San Diego— lß3- pkgs mdse. 9 sks raisins. 3 cs
wine. 13 bxa oranges, 1 sk beeswax, 6 bxs olive
oil. 19 sks dried fruit, 10 cs eggs, 11 ht-bbls fish, 97
bJls dry fish. - . '
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Chetco-1 cs honey,
1532! rs salmon, 260 sks potatoes, 13 bxs butter.
175 bdls broom handles, 00 eds matchwood, 7175
ft lumber. .. • .... 1
.'-■.'■" ' Con«l<rn ««i.
Per Santa Cruz— Parro t— Co; Both, Blum A Co.
■ Per Empire— D H Bibb Lumber Co: Port Costa
Lumber Co : ■ N Ohlandt _ Co ; Clatsop Mill Co J
Coat-.;--- "•• ■ ' ■ - ■. ■■' "*■-. -*--•■ -
Per Santa Ross— H Klrchmann A Co; Newell
Br 1: Brigham, Hoppe — Co; Dairymen's Union:
Wheaton. Breon &Co; De Bernardl— Co Jacob
Unna; HUmer. Bredhoß _ Schniz: Wetmore Bros:
M EUrman & Co: Witzel & Baker; M H iio-'aij; H
Levi A Cv; Marshall — Relmers: Ju.lsjn Fruit Co:
C M Mann; Dodge. Sweeney & Co; Jonas Erlanger
«fc Co; ii O Sresov.ct: — Co: C E Whitney Co: H
Lynch; Russ. Sanders Co; Enterprise Brewery;
>" B Haunt; American Tobacco Co; John .Henry;
H N Tilden-Oo: lliilt* Bros: MT Freltas & Co;
Norton, Teller _ Co: G CamUlonl A Co: Labor Ex
change; American Union ■ Fish Co: A Paladin! ; A
L«vvACo: W P Fuller & Co: J X Armsby A Co-
H Heckman & Co; L D stone A Co: Wli Peck ; ' J
W Keli : Amer Press Ass 11 ; Kowalsky A Co; sun?*^
T AT Co; H Dutsnl: Milan! &Vo; Wolf A Sou- _F
S Crocker * Co; Western Meat Co; Head _ ZanJT
OM Campbell; J Hiukle:.H J .-hlnn -Co- F 7%-
Woods # Co: Hughson&Merton: L Scatena A Co :*
Levl spinel —Co; SaD Francisco lirtwini; Co- E J
Campion: Gray — Barbieri; Eveleth & Nash-*Wm
Wolff — Co: M P Koniberu A Co; j Tay.or it Co:
W R I— rzelere; Risdon Iron orks: J Douad' J
F : UHri< Payot, Upham A Co: : J H Cain— Co;
'Ackerman A Kohn; ; Ybarra Geld Mining Co;
Macondary bros.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Thirteenth Page.A BROKEN HEART
LED TO SUICIDE
Adolphe Tuthe After a Long
. - Life of Honesty Ac
cused of Theft.
Money Sent by a Friend Helped
. .to .Make Things Look Un
pleasant For Him.
When Friends at the Infirmary Bay
c totted Him He Drank L?.udanum
and Died.
Oxklabtd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 27, 1896. |
Adolph Tutbe, the aged German who
committed suicide at the County Infirm
ary, was driven to seek death because of a
broken heart.
•The 'old man was suspected of being con
cerned in the robbery of another aged man,
■who. died at the infirmary a few days ago,
. ana the' weight of the disgrace was more
than he' could bear.
About a week ago an aged inrcate of the
infirmary was dying. He had $20 in gold,
tied in a handkerchiei around his neck.
Aft.er. he was dead this money was miss
ling- John Heft, another inmate, was ar
frested and is now in custody. After his
arreet he said that Tnihe had stated to
him that he and another man were to rob
the corpse. This was told to Tuthe, and
it affected him greatly.
'■ At the inquest the story of the old
man's troubles leaked out by degrees.
First the disgrace of knowing he was sus-
Adolphe Tuthe, Who Died at the
Infirmary of a Broken Heart.
pected % then the fact that he was ignored
and passed in silence by those who had
for years been his friemis, and then the
k swallowing ot the laudanum.
■«^^ Tuthe wa9 a very sensitive old fellow.
He chafed under the thought that after a
long life passed honestly he should find it
necessary to accept the charity of the
county. When to this was added the
contumely of being suspected as a thief it
■was too much. A witness named Me-
Govern told the sad story by degrees as
Coroner Baldwin questioned him.
Heft had told McGovern ail about the
alleged plot to procure that $20 piece from
the neck of the corpse as soon as death
bad come, and later in the day when Mc-
Govern and Tutne met the former had no
word or look of recognition for the latter.
Another circumstance seemed to operate
agaiim Tutbe. A few days previous to
his taking his life a friend sent him .*■*>.
and the r'Oesession of this money seemed
to strengthen the caseagainst the old man.
.It was Tuesday evening when McGovern
passed Tuthe without recognizing him,
and the same night the old man procured
two ounces of laudanum and swallowed it.
He was discovered some hours later, but
life was too near the end to be recalled
and ke died the following day.
.Tuthe was 75 years of age, and had been
well off at one time in his Hie.
A PIONEER OF ALAMEDA.
' Apparently in the Best of Health, W
F. Hitchcock Succumb* to Heart
Trouble.
• A LAMED A, Cal., Nov. 27.— The sudden
death of Wilber F. Hitchcock at Yreka
last evening, where he was attending to
business, as related in this morning's
.dispatches, has cast a gloom over many
ohi-timers of this place.
Mr. Hitchcock came to this city twenty
one years ago and brought up a family of
live .children, all of whom are at present
at the family home They are Mrs. E. R.
Anthony, Mrs. F. R. Ziel, Miss Eva Grace,
f Edgar J. and Waiter K. Hitchcock.
The deceased was a member of the
Pacific Union Salt Company of San Fran
cisco and had traveled for a number of
years for that firm. He covered the ens
ure State on these trips and was known to
almost every business man in the interior.
He left home only two weeks |ago, and a
letter received to-day by his widow stated
that he was in the best of health when it
was written:
"I never saw papa looking any better
than when he left home the last time,"
said his daughter this afternoon. "The
taiegram we received this afternoon
" stated that he did not suffer in the least.
It is a terrible shock to us all. We have
not thought of the funeral arrangements
yet. His death was from heart trouble,
which explains its suddenness."
Mr. Hitchcock was a member of Ala
meda Lodg^No. 5, A. O. U. W.. and the
Masons. He was born in Canada about
sixty years ago.
Exceeded the Estimate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 27.— The build
ing committee of the Board of Trustees
has received three bids for the alterations
upon the Council chambers for the addi
■ tion to the library. In all of these the es
timates of the architects were exceeded by
more than half. They stated that $300
would do the work. The lowest bidder
• was C. H. Foster «fc Son, $448. Fred
Fischer came next at $455. wnile J. A,
Collins- was the highest at $467. The com
mittee has power to accept Foster & Son s
bid, as it was the Jowest one appeared.
The work must be completed by December
20 in order that the library may be moved
in before New Year's.
Brief Mentioning-.
\ Word has been received of the destruction
V' ibe household goods of A. I. Frey, formerly
V 1109 Park avenn<B, in the Hudson River,
I*. Y. They were shipped from here, and while
being carried by steamer across the river the
steamer sank. He will only get $240, about
half their value.
Grand Vice-President Clark will visit Ala
meda Parlor No. 47, N. 8. G. W.,on Monday
night. He will be tendered a banquet at the
close of the meeting.
Stephen L. Peaaley, who committed suicide
at the home of Alexander Hay on Railroad
avenue ou the 14th inst, left a.i estate valued
at $1000. His will has been presented for pro
bate at the request of his son and heir, E. H.
Peasley of Boise City, Idaho.
ONLY A BOGUS LORD.
Though Stricken Dumb He Tells Storie*
With a Pencil.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27.— Harry Out
ridge, a man who has in times past
achieved mucu notoriety by claiming to
be an English lord, was suddenly struck
dumb early this morning in a tamale par
lor.
Outridge has figured in many unpleas
ant police cases, and has persistently
claimed to be a member of the Scottish
aristocracy. He has been missing from
his usual haunts for some time, and this
morning he was stricken with an apoplec
tic fit in a restaurant For several hours
he was unconscious, and when he re
gained his senses he was unable to apeak
a word.
The shock, however, did not affect bis
mind, for by means of pencil and pa_er
be informed the matron that he was a
nobleman and that if he did not receive
the best of attention the game would be
up with him. Once before he said he had
lost his vuice and had been cured by hav
iug a nerve taken up in his Deck.
When asked if he had enough money to
live on be replied, "Too much."
"For God's «ake," he wrote, "keep this
from the papers and from the police and I
w;ll pay you for your trouble." He wrote
frequently for cigarettes and coffee with
cognac, but Steward Victory does not run
a hostelry an_ "Lord Athol" did not re
ceive all he asked.
Mrs. Macdonald, the matron, was very
favorably impressed with his lordship,
and put great faith in his story. Sha was
making preparations to attend to him
commensurate with bis rank, till she heard
a few more chapters of bis story, and then
she again put on her gingham apron,
which had been replaced for the occasion
by one of silk.
BEAUTY, HOT COSTUME.
The Blley Face Admired More Than
the Dillingham Dress.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27.— Mrs. Dil
lingham, Miss Minnie Riley and that
mask aress ball are the sole topics oi con
versation in North Oakland, Golden Gate,
Emeryville and Lorin. The quarrel that
has shaken society in that neighborhood
may yet end in bloodshed.
The matter has now taken a personal ;
turn, and the ladies have been led from :
' costumes to physique and from physique to
; personal looks and beauty. The latest
1 feature must be regarded as the danger
; point, as both ladies a:e very attractive.
Misr- Riley says she won the prize with '
Mrs. Dillingham's dress, but it was the i
I Riley beauty and not the Dillin^ham mode
! that captured the judges.
Now comes Mrs Dillingham and contra*
! diets tho beauty part of the story, and her j
argument on that point seems to be con- j
elusive. She says:
"Wit- regard to the statement that Miss
I Riiey claims she won the prize thrmi v
' her beauty and the manner in which
she displayed ;he dresa ther« is not a wurd
:of truth in it and it is absurd. Neither of
I us could have put forward our looks be
j fore the prizes were awarded, as a mask i
j had to be worn until after the merits of
• the costume 3 were passed upon."
A week ago the residents of Golden ;
Gate passed and published a set of resolu
tions relating to the character of one of
their younp;'meri who, it is claimed, had
been "led astray into matrimony by the
wiles of a yrnnp widow," and now it 19
! proposed to handle the mask-ball matter ,
j officially as a town.
HE FOEGOT HIS NAME.
Humorous Predicament or a Prisoner
With an Alias.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27. — A man who
had been serving a short sentence in the
County Jail forgot tiis name to-night, but
being the only prisoner in the jail about
whom there was any doubt he was re
leased, as he had served his time.
This morning Jailer Lane went to tha
prisoner and told him his term had ex
pired. The two men went to the recep
tion-room and Lane produced the book
and compared the entry of the commit
ment with the prisoner.
"What's your name?" a«ked Lane.
"I've forgotten," said the prisoner, who
had borrowed one when he found he was
under arrest. He was in earnest, and had
really forgotten his alias.
"Your name must be Steiner," said the
jailer.
"Well, I gues not"
"Steiner is the only man at liberty to go
out to-night. If youare not Steiner yon
are not liere."
"Well, I am here."
"Who arrested you?"
"A big heavy man with a black mus
tache."
"No, it was not; it was a little man,
clean-faced. If not, then you were not
arrested."
"But I was arrested."
Finally the prisoner forced himself to
beiieve that he was Steiner and that a
little man arrested him. As be passed
through the gate he said, "I guess I am
not. Steiner now, anyway."
A Student Disappears.
OAKLAND.CaI. ,Nov. 27.— 8. C. Evans,
a student at California College, is gone and
a note that he sent Ins landlady explains
his absence. After some religious refer
ences Evans wrote:
In explanation of this letter and my depart
ure let me say in my behalf that I have shipped
upon a sailing vessel as a cabin boy bound fur
Europe. I find that it is an impossibility for
me to study under present financial condi
tions and other things; not because of the
other work, ior if I was Idle I cuuld not study
b -tier. A change in life is what I need. I am
desirous ot entering the misson field, which
needs but a good knowledge of the Bitrt-. I
have resolved to _o fnrih for ttie Master, and,
therefore, have s arted out in the world.
Again I thank you. Accept my appreciation
for your kindness.
Evans came from Petaluma.
Newspaper Channel.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27.— J. W.
Travers has retired from his interest in
the AlaraeJa Enctnal, and F. K. Krauth is
again the sole proprietor.
The Alameda Telegram will be issued
in this city on December 1 and be called
the Oakland Telegram. It is a morning
paper owned by E. L. Marshall.
Sent Him to Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27— Judge Ells
worth committed Max Muchenier to the
County Jail for three months this after
noon for contempt of court in refusing to
pay his wife $25 a month alimony ana $75
to her attorney.
•—• — ♦ — «
HISTORY OF A DAY.
A lamed a immty Happenings Told in
Brier Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Nov. 27. j
The remains of the old man found under &
tree at Fruitvale are not yet identified.
P. G. Malgren, the bicycle tbief now under
arrest, has confessed to the theft of sixteen
wheels.
A local manufactory snipped a large order of
match-making machinery to Canton, China,
yesterday.
Cold weather drives the tramps to shelter.
Thirty-seven bave been taken to the county
jail this month.
Richard Clinton, a young bookkeeper fond
of morphine, stole a stove this morning. Ho
said bis room needed it.
W. H. Cooper, a veteran of Lyon Post, G. A.
R., died yesterday and will be burled with
military honors to-morrow.
City Treasurer Gilpin reports that tuxes are
being paid very elowly. To avoid delinquency
three- m tvs of the whole must be paid before
Monday.
Mrs. Burgans, who rented the gun with
which Devencenziis alleged to have murdered
his companion, was a witness to-day. She
stated she sola tne gun with the store and
does not know where it is.
inn. OAJW ;if «A_NL'I»<JU , t'AJJj, BATUIIUAI , JN U\ J_M tSJ_K ; 28, l»y«.
MB. MELVIN IS
A HANDSOME MAN
Dr. Ellis Says He Never
Criticized the Prose
cuting Attorney.
The Pastor Promises to Vote for
the "Good Basso" Should He
Run for O.fice.
Happy Ending cf a Misunderstanding
Begun in a Polic- Court ani
Ended in a Church.
Oaklavd Office San Francibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 27. !
If Prosecuting Attorney Harry Melvin
be not a happy man be will never be made
happier by compliments. Rev. Dr. Ellis,
pastor of the Centennial Church, has de
clared publicly that Mr. Melvin is "a
handsome man," "a gentleman," "a good
basso," "a man well up in his profession."
PROSECUTING ATTORNEY HENRY A. MELVIN,
"Whom Rev. Dr. Ellis Now Says Is "a Handsome Man, a Gentle
man and a Good Basso."
The pastor further declares that the hand- ;
aome basso sball have his vote for any
office to which he may desire election.
All this is very kind of Dr. Ellis and is
equally gratifying to Mr. Melvin, but
things were not always thus. There was
a time, only a few short months ago, when
Dr. Eilin and Mr. Melvin did not agree as
well; in fact, they disagreed on many ma
terial points, and there is great interest
shown in the proceedings since it became
known thut the divine and the lawyer
have joined issues.
The breach between the handsome basso
and the Presbyterian preacLer arose out
of the conduct of a case in the Police
Court Mr. Melvin acted in the capacity
of public prosecutor and satisfied himself
that he had done his duty. The cause of
the defendant was espoused to a certain
degree by Dr. Eilis. The pastor, no iloubt
well-meaning, fell into the mistaKe so
often made in Oa-land of sending his
views to a newspaper in the form of a
communication. If Mr. Ellis understands
the methods of Police Court procedure
then his remarks were certainly a reflec
tion on Mr. Melvin. It is evident, how
ever, that the p.istor did not mean t lns,
for he has just said so over his own signa
ture.
The incident would have been lost to
memory had not Mr. Melvin recently de
cided to be gaiiant to a lady, even at the
expense of appearing anxious to appease
the pastor. When Mrs. Eva Wrenn, the
soloist of Dr. Ellis' church, had her bene
fit concert a few weeks ago, Mr Melvin
refused to ansisi until assured that his ef
forts would redound exclusively to the
benefit of Mrs. Wrenn. Then he knew no
alternative. The story was whispered
about and finally reached the pastor's
ears.
Rev. Dr. Ellis has published a card of
explanation. He says:
I have never written or caused to be written
or published anything aDout Mr. Melvin or
his methods of proitssional wort ehucr in i; is
favor or to his detriment. I think him a
handsome man, a gentleman, a good basso, a
man well up In Ills profession so far as he has
experience, and U lie should aHpire to any
oflicc for whicti he is qualified I will exercise
my right as mi American citizen in his be hall.
I wish to th-ink him ior assisting ray people
in the concert and extend to him.awarm wel
come to any service where I mny render some
humble part. If ever I have niiytbing to say
about him or any other man 1 will say it to
him or attach my signature.
Now there is some doubt in the mind of
the curiounasto whether tho Dcstor's ex
planation is not rather more effusive than
etiquette demands. Mr. Melvin in the
meantime is not doing any "comment
ing."
An limulTont Fireman.
OAKLAND. Cal., Nov. 27.— William E.
Maddock, a railroad fireman, has filed a
petition in insolvency. He owes $395 and
owns $25 worth of property. His creditors
are: Lizzie Gayett of Pomona, $192 50 for
board; Dr. Medrose, $15 for medical ser
vices; E. B. Southard, $83 50 borrowed
money; J. Cook, $4 60; P. Carosia, $11;
Jnckson brothers. $3 85; Hall & Pool.
$9_5; Sam Wiiiard. $5; Keller & Fuz
ger.ild. $7 25; Phil Walsh, $4; M.Jacobs.
$5 50; P. Boos, $4 50; Charles Slack of
Tracy, $7 50: Sins Lee of Tracy, $4 50; Hop
Lee of Mendota, $4 50; Mrs. Green of West
Oakland, $1 80. '
Children Wedded.
OAKLAND, Cau, Nov. 27.— May Kelly,
a little miss from Berkeley, who was at
tended by her parents, was granted a
Ik-en fee this afternoon to wed Frank D.
Terreaultof San Francisco. The K'room
was also accompanied by bis parents, and
all parties gave their consent to the mar
riage. The bride wore a abort dress and
looked like a schoolgirl; the groom was
19. There was an evident lack of har
mony between the senior Kellys and the
senior Terreaults, for they passed out of
1 the courthon«e by different doors and
! were careful not to speak to each other.
BERKELEY'S NEW CAPTAIN
Haskell, Hntchinnon ami Hall Have
Keen Proposed as Kaniome's
Successor.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27.— Now that
the great football game of the season is a
matter of history the next thing that will
attract the attention of the team will be
the selection of a captain for next year.
For two seasons it was a custom to select
the captain on the evening following ihe
Thanksgiving contest, but iast year it was
postponed, and again last evening the
matter was laid over indefinitely.
The choice of Captain Ransome fol
lowed about two weeks after the game,
and it is expected that the selection of
Berkeley's next football leader will be
mnde at lpast within that time. As a mat
ter of course much interest is centered in
the election of a man for the place, and
his nomination will doubtless not be with
out much deliberation and forethought.
While the choice of captains thus far
has been satisfactory the lesson of yester
day's overwhelming defeat has taught the
Berkeley men to be conservative and
cautious in the future, even to a fault. As
candidates for tie place of captain three
men have already been named. They are
Haskell '97, Hutchinson '99 and Hall ' 99.
Though Haskell is l» the aenior clas.i he
will not graduate next May, but will re
turn to serve his university. Being an
upper classman and a heady and extraor
dinary snappy player he seems to have
the advantage over the other two candi-
I dates.
Butterworth, in the course of his after
| dinner speech last night at the Baldwin
tin the presence of the football men. ad
vised that creat care should be exercised
in the selection of captain, and once hav
ine elected him the men should stick to
their leader throuch thick and thin.
Tour of College Koy».
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27. — The
second iootbail eleven of the university
and the Glee Ciub left for Reno, Nev., to
day, on a three days' trip. The Glee Club
left on the early morning train, and the
football team took this evening's over
laud. The team will play the University
of Nevada eleven to-morrow afternoon at
Reno, and in the evening the Glee Club |
will give a concert in the same town, j
\ The members of the team who will line i
! up against the "sage-brush" players are:
j Center, puaris, Peck and
Orkley; tackles, Mclsaacs and Averv;
ends, Allen and Anderson; quarter,
Bender; nalfs*. Spence and Ellis, with
Austin =üb; full, Kearsbnrg.
Tue men who constituted the Glee Club
were : Will Fmith, Georpe Whippie, Frank
I Taylor, Stewart uwltnga, Dwignt Hutch
! inson, Robert Chestnut, Paver Hutcbins,
Allen Smith, Fred Knight, Harold
Symraes.
Disastrous Fire Averted.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27.— A disas-
I trous lire in the Bailey block was narrowly
averted yesterday alternoon by tne prompt
action of John Thompson, foreman of the
j \V. D. Worster Company, and the Third
I Ward hose company.
The blaze started at about 3 o'clock in
the oil storeroom of Worster & Co. No
explanation as to the origin of the lire
can be given. By fearless work on the
part of Thompson and the hose company
the flames which threatened to destroy
the entire Bailey building, the largest
l>locK in Berkeley, were extinguished.
Damage to the extent of about $500 was
sustained.
The Poor Made Happy.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27. -The
King's Daughters of Berkeley distributed
among the poor of the town yesterday as
a Thanksgiving offering a great quantity
of household commodities, chiefly in the
form of provisions, which hau been re-
CRived by them at the harvest, festival on
Wednesday. There were eighty children
in the thirty families on the distribution
list which received donations. The work
of collecting and distributing was in
charge of the following young ladies:
Miss May Ketchum, Miss Edith Ketchum,
Miss Clara Piper, Miss Maud Kobinson,
Miss Clara Copperthwaite, Miss Jennie
McMillan, Misa Nellie Dobbins and Miss
Gross.
Mrs. Towniend Give* Way.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27. — Mrs.
Mary Townsend, the belligerent little
woman who has been waging war apainst
the railroad company and the town of
Berkeley, has been temporarily subdued,
and a force of men has been put to work
completing the necessary street work on
the- property. Meanwhile the attorneys
and Town Trustees are investigating- the
legitimacy of her claims.
reception to Their Pastor.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 27.— A recep
tion was tendered to Rev. W. F. Binney,
the newly elected pastor oi the Baptist
Church, at the parsonage on Haste street
this evening. A number of pastors of the
denominations from about the bay were
among those present.
An average size cocoannt produces a
pint of milk.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
PROBING INTO A
SCHOOL SITE DEAL
The Grand Jury Asks the
Directors About the
Mission High.
Pointed Questions Asked About
the Purchase of the Guerrero
' Street Lot.
Long and Lond Talk in the Jury-
Room About Indictments and
Injunctions.
"Wonld yon as an lndividul pay $52, 500
for that property?"
The foregoing was one of the first ques
tions which the Grand Jury yesterday
afternoon propounded to Henry T. Scott,
president of the Board of Education.
Mr. Scott replied: "It I particularly
wanted t at property for building pur
poses I would pay it. Since the valuation
had been appraised by experts at $50,000 I
would give the $2500 extra to get just what
I wanted."
Grand Juror James C. Nealon was the
chief questioner. He wanted to know if
Mr. Scott had heard of the public tumult
and the newspaper roasts about the con
duct of the Board of Education in this
property-purchasing transaction.
Scott dazed the jury by asking questions
himself in rapid-tire style. He railed in
after this fashion:
"Why, you have been roasted by the
press, haven't you, Nealon? You were
Asse ssor and didn't the newspapers charge
tuat you had not assessed the Union Iron
Works at the true value? Didn't you come
down to the works and assess us?"
Then everybody in the Grand Jury room
excepting the Assistant District Attoney
Mr. Peixotlo, asked questions. Frederick
Hobbs and Harry W. Goodall were excep
tionally active.
The site nbout which so many questions
were asked in such a short space of time is
at the corner of Guerrero and Eishteenth
streets. It is owned jointly by the Jewish
Cemetery Association and the Bioch es
tate.
Mr. Lawton, the real estate man, has
been conducting negotiations on the part
j of tho Board of Education for the pur
hase of the land. It is proposed to erect
i he Mission High School on the site.
Other lots were considered. One at Fol
som and Twentieth streets obtained come
favor. A tract of land on Valencia street
was regarded as desirable, but inquiry
brought out the information that that
tract was not for sale. Tne original figure
i for the accepted site was $50,000, but before
: t c terms of transfer had been adjusted
the Mission Defense Club and another as
sociation in the region where there is no
fog let out the news that the board wanted
the Guerrero-street property.
On receipt of this news the owners
promptly advanced the price from $50,000
to $55,000. A. P. Van Dazer, who was anx
ious that the purchase should be consum
mated, begged the board to bold the ques
tion open, promising to get the price re
duced to $50,000. He got it down to $52,
-500, and sit the figure eleven of tho twelve
School Directors voted to buy.
School Directors Scott, Kuox, McElroy,
Hawley, Corute, Henderson, Murdoch,
Soper, Carew and Barrett and Secretary
George Ueauston told the Grand Jury
what they knew about tne values of real
estate and the methods of preparing plans
for new buildings.
The School Directors were asked if they
did not know thai the law required that
plans should be open to competition.
Mention was made of a communication
from Editor Culoei tson on that subject.
Directors Care w and Murdoch were so
long in the jury-room that outsiders fan
cied that the jury had found a lead. It
transpired that ihe time was taken up in
testing the knowledge of witnesses con
cerning the value of real estate in San
Francisco. Incidentally it was disclosed
that the Grand Jury has had experts fig
uring on the value of this accepted site of
land. Umbsen and Shainwald have been
asked what tne property is worth. The
former held it to be worth $50,000.
The School Directors acknowledge that
they were pinched for $2500, but fall back
on the general proposition that a board or
public body can never make as good a
bargain as an individual may bring about.
Sellers, it is said, wiil take advantage of
public necessities. According to the
story told to tbe Grand Jury the size of
this particular lot ot land is 194 by 398
feet. T; lias a depth of 220 feet in the
rear. Tbe site is an ideal one. After de
ducting the price of the land and the
architect's commission there will be left
$137,000 for the builuing from the allotted
sum of $200,000.
The Grand Jury seemed to think that
undue haste had been shown in the ac
ceptance of plans. The witnesses, on com
ing out of the jury-room, said "Undue
hasie" was the chief charge against the
board. Nealon tired that suggestion at
them several times, and wanted to know
point blank if ttiey had not been guilty of
"undue haste."
There was quite a tempest in the jury
room. Men at work on the dome of the
New City Hall paused to listen to the
speeches. The reaching qualities of Nea
lon's educated lungs weie tested. Some
of the jurors wanted indictments at first;
then they wanted an injunction. At 7
o'clock, after the jury had been in session
for five solid hours, most of the jurors
wanttd an adjournment.
The case was then put over until next
Tuesday evening. In the meantime it
will be seen what can be done. More ex*
perts will place a Valuation on the land.
The frienua of other sites will rally and
se?k to defeat the purchase. T<e transac
tion is still open, as the examination of
title is still pending. This afternoon at 5
o'clock the Board of Education will hold
a special meeting.
When the jury adjourned the foreman,
Frederick Hobbs, said nothing had been
done, lie observed that the price of the
Guerrero-street land had gone up from
$50,000 to $52,500, but fancied that the ad
vance was due to the general prosperity
following McKinley's election. A further
rise than that was not obtained from the
foreman.
The Grand Jury committee on Health
Department, almshouse, hospitals and
City Prison had a report ready for sub
mission yesterday, but tlie pressure of
School Department business excluded
consideration of the report. This com
mittee is comnosed of A. E. Drucker, Wil
liam F. Mau ana Richard Fecht. Humor
goes that the hospital management has
received the attention of the committee.
A Successful Concert.
OAKLAND, Cal., No". 27.— The concert
given by Mrs. Eva Wren in Centennial
(Jhurch this evening was a gratifying suc
cess and one of which Mrs. Wren may
justly be proud, as the sea tine capacity of
the pretty church was taxed to the ut
most. Miss Ethel Fleming opened the
programme by an artistic rendition of
Chopin's "Grande Valse" (op. 42). Miss
Retena Owens, the dramatic reader, is
new to the Oakland public. She has an
agreeable voice and a graceful presence,
and when experience has tausnt her to
put more soul into her lines she will be
even more enjoyable than at present.
Auction Bales
i . . . — . ... — ; — ...... . . ~ — ~ ! — "~~
j? 1 v _b_.:_sri T _?TT__=_ _3.
1 shall sell by order of C nrt, ■
The Furniture- of 20 Rooms of Lodging
Mouse, 802 Montgomery; St.,
..includikq:. .....;
Beds, Folding Beds. Tables. ' Chairs,
Carpets, Etc.'
A splendid chance for good bargains. '
■- Sale takes place at 80- Montgomery street, at 1
O'clock P. U. Saturday. November 28, 1896.
C. »V. ELF VINO, Commissioner. •
217 s-ansome St., S. F.
FUKSITURE AUCTiO.Y.
THIS DAY (SATUKUAY), AT 11 A. M.
717 AND 719 1 KXJiKSSEE ST.,
N«-ar 18t_ and Kentucky, i
FRANK W. BUTTEKb'IELD. Auctioneer.
• . ■ ■ For A. M. SPECK A CO.. 60. MarKet %t. ■
The feature of the evening was the violin
playing of Llewelyn Hughes. Such per
fection of touch and deiic.tcy of expression
are certainly a brilliant promise ior the
future.
>r:idera's Mutilated Records.
OAKLAND, Cat,., Nov. 27.— J. C. Dewey
is v.t the City Prison charged with felo
niously nuitilatiii^ public records at Mi
dera. He was arrested to-day at the home
of his cousin, E. Applegarth, who lives at
Edwards street and Plymouth avenue.
The warrant comes from the southern
city and charges Dewey with feloniously
mutilating public records. A Doputy
Sheriff is expected to-day to escort the
prisoner to Madera. He refuses to discuss
his case beyond saying that he does not
know of any criminal act attributed to
him. He was not employed by* either ti.e
city or county government at Madera.
Charged Wit- Forgery.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 27.— J. C. Mc-
Gregor is at the County Jail for forging the
.uirne of Mrs. Lena J-rschig to a money
jrder. He made an affidavit before a
lotary that he was the party entitled to
:he order, which was for $20, and he is
charged with forgery and perjury.
m. «. «
AWAY FROM HOME.
A F.ast Complimentary to Young Men.
A Large Company and. nn En
jo-nble Time.
Thursday the committee of arrange
ments at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation outdid itself in providing a solen
did complimentary dinner for young men,
members of the association, who are with
out permanent homes in the City. The
spacious dining hall on the tiftn floor of
the building was arranged in a most artis
tic manner by a corps of ladies from
the various churches representing the
association. Tne decorations were unique
and the floral display profuse. A hand
written card by Miss Nutting of Mills Col
lege was placed at the plate of. each guest.
The young men gathered in the parlors
at half-past 12, and at 1 o'clock repaired
to the dining ball, where each was
assigned a seat at the table. Covers were
spread for two hundred, and a good many
more than this partook of the hospitality of
the association during the day. The gen
eral secretary, H. J. McCoy, culled to
order, and after singing the original hymi.
grace was said by Re *. Robert S. Boyus of
Modesto.
The menu was most tempting and appe
tizing. Afterample justice bad been done
to the bountiful feast each young man
was requested to stand, give his name,
nationality or State in this country from
which he came. This caused no little
merriment, and it was ascertained that
ten nationalities and twenty-five States
were represented by the company. In the
evening a praise service was given in the
Association auditorium, in which the
Moody Institute quartet of Chicago took
a prominent part. The ladies most prom
inent on the committee 01 arrangements
were: Mrs. J. E. Cline, Mrs. H. 8. Black
well. Mrs. G. E. Tapgart. Mrs. G. A. Mul
lin, Mrs. G. R. Wilson, Mrs. J. E. Perkins,
Miss F. Perkins, Miss Ivy Perkins, Mrs.
M. A. Merrill, Mrs. Hugh Hnddleston,
Mrs. H. S. La?k, Mrs. E. B. Cutter, Mrs.
K. S. Hart, Mrs. E. P. Hill. Miss F. E.
Crowell, Mrs. Robert McElroy, Miss E. C.
Little, Mrs. Joy, Mrs. Muzzy, Mra v C.
Doane, Mrs. John Morton, Miss Lulu
Clough, Mrs. B. C. Wright, Mrs. C. S.
Wright, Miss May M. Faull.
THERE IS MILLIONS IN IT.
An Armenian's Flan for Paying Off the
United States Uobt.
Treasury Agent Moore had a curious
Visitor yesterday afternoon. He claimed
to be from Armenia, was none too well
dressed and wore spectacles of the magni
fying order.
After introducing himself, giving a name
wilh a couple of dozen letters in it, he
came to the business for which he haa
called by saying: "I have a plan by which
the several-million-dollar debt of the
United States can be easily wiped out.
Several o.ays ago the letters on the signs
on the stores were suddenly changed to
Babylonian characters that I understood,
but no one else does. Now, by the knowl
edge givin to me 1 can change the water
of the Sacramento River, which belongs to
the Government, into steam b^er. The
river runs many million gallons an hour,
and this beer put in barrels would realize
a snug little sum for the United States,
would it not? Of course it would. Weil,
after we had all the steam beer that we
could sell I would change the steam into
port wine, and could bottla up millions of
bottles — enough for years to come. Good
plnn. We would scon pay off the debt in
gold — no, not a cent in silver — "
Major Moore by this time decided that
the Armenian should present his scheme
to the Treasury Department, and sent his
visitor to the sub-treasury on Commercial
street. He had not reached there at last
accounts.
MRS. SPENCER A LITTLE BETTER
She 1% Removed From the Lick House
to St. Mary* Hospital.
Mrs. Sarah Owens Spencer, whose state
ment in reference to the famous Van Tiede
mann perjury was published yesterday,
has been removed from the Lick House to
St. Mary's Hospital. She was conveyed
in a carriage from the former place yester
day, her husband ana a nurse a ccompany
ing her.
As may be supposed, she was in an im
proved condition. From the ret>orts o'
her dangerous state the day before it
seemed she was on the eve of dying. Yes
terday, however, her will was stronger and
she seemed stronger in every way. Dr.
Thorn is attending ner. The injuries sus
tained in the Southern railroad wreck are
alleged to De the cause of her illness now.
Henry Phelan'i Name to Be Changed
Henry Phelan has applied to the Superior
Court for permission to change his name to
Henry dv Rest Phelan. He says his reason for
this request is that he may avoid complica
tions that may arise irom his being mistaken
■ ■ KEW ' TO-DAT. __;.'■ ._
• 9r>^L>r>e^cr>9^'tr^9^T>9^T>^9
L Cheapest, Because the Best h
I GAILBORDEN I
I EAGLE BRAND I
; ; fa % . ; ; ,/ CONDENSED MILK ; 5
r A '■ Send for that" little boob, "Infant A.
• Health;" great value to mothers. Sent m .
•6re' N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. $
:. zi 71 Hudson Street, ; .?_ Hew Tori c J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS," THE *
great ,' Mexican :._ Remedy: - gives Health and
Btrensth to the Sexual Organs.
COOK „ CO.
123 Kenrny Street.
GORGEOUS CHINAVVARe.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut "Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets, ;
-a.T ATJOTIOW,
Tli9 Greatest Action Me in History,
Daily at 2 o'cioc'-c p. .v. and Saturday <
. V Nisht at 8 o'clock.
*./•;!». J. BAKTiI, Anctlonaer.
SELLUVCTOIT
AT HALF COST— WAGONS, ECGGIES, CARTS
AND HARNESS OF KVERY DE-
SCRIPTION, both New nnl
Eecood-buuL
XO OFFER REFUSED —
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
* mad:»av & ro.
________________„________________________
for other persons bearing the name of Henry
Phelan and because it is the wish ot his
mother tiiat he take her family name of Dv
Rest.
•—• — ♦ — •
Champagne Contract in Question
The Supreme Court yesterday decided a case
against J. J. Raver, who appealed from a
judgment in the trial court in tue suit of J. J.
Raver against J. Wolf and others. The Su
preme Court affirmed the judgment in the
lower court. The matter at issue was an
alleged breach of a written contract and an
attempt to recover. The defendants in the
suit entered into an agreement with H. Brun
hild & Co. of New York City relative to the
sale of a certain brand of champagne. This
contract was dated February 5, 1891, and was
to run five years from Its date. A complaint
was filed May 20, 1895, when damages were
sought.
•—• — • — ♦
Public Astronomical Lecture.
At the meeting of the Astronomical Society
of the Pacific to be held in the hall of the
California Academy of Sciences this evening
A. M. Coiton of the Lick jObservatory will give
an historical review of " Eclipse Observa
tions," ana Mr. Burcknalter of the Chabot
Observatory will contribute a description of
the recent eclipse expedition to Japan. Both of
these lectures will be illustrated by lantern
slides. A number of other important papers
will be read by title. Any one interested in
these subjects is welcome to attend the meet
ing. .
Will Be Decided Monday.
It is announced that United States Circuit
Judge McKenna will render a djcisioa in the
railroad cases next Monday morning. Tho ac
tion was brought by the Southern Pacific Rail
read to enjoin the Sate Railroad Commission
ers from putting into effect a reduction of 8
per cent on freight rates on grsin. The de
cision wili be very long, v Judne McKonna
has gone into all the fY'iuures and all the law
upon the matter under liticuion.
NEW TO-DAY.
• ... ■ ■ - . '„'. .
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them for a time and then have them return again. I
mean a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a lifo-
long study. - I warrant my remedy to cnre the worst
cases. Because others hare failed is no reason for
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a r.reatisa
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give fix-
press and Postotlioe address. - . --•
9 wj.PEEKE,F.Do4Ce(IarSt M HewYiH&
— _ . _ .
y"~~"V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/S'^^kS.**^''' kear>t ST. Established
llrl_"jH_ in »»'"» lor the treatment of Privates
SikJU^KWfS D's"? 111 s'.5 '. Lost Manhood. Debility or
9lEttH9k disease wearing on bodyand mind and
~* > __H_l * kin Diseases. 'I'hedoctorruresvhen
t_jHWBBB|" t -'f-'3fii!l. Try him. Charges low.
ir^ti.'SiaAiSa <""••«•« KQaraiKrrd. Callorwrite.
_>r. J. *;, <<IKIEV.Ii. Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMEKS TO
PORTtAND
From Rpear-street : Wharf; at 10 a. m.
FA T?TT/* 12 *'Ir»t-claß_ -\ Including
_A _\X_\B« Second-class /berth <_ meats
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California.... >:ov. 29, Dec- 9,19, 29
Columbia ...........Dec. 4, 14, 21
Through' tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders uj.oii applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Afront.
• ' 630 Market street.
. GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Superintendents
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSUI? CO.
STEAMERS" LEAVE BKOADWAY Ji&k-
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: T,-m.T:S
. For Mary- Island, I.oi-Idk, Wrangel. Jnneau, Kll-
llsdoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port, Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortw and
New Wi atcom (Bellin^ham Bay. Wash.), 9a. -
Nov. 5, 10, 16, '20,25,30, and every -ith day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with | the C. P. K.
X., ptTa'oma with N. •'. K. ii., at Seattle with (i.
N. Ky. . St. I'crt To— nsend with Alaska steannrj:
For Kureka, Arcs a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), sir. Pomona 2 p. m.. Nov. 3,'s, 9, IS,
■ 17. 21, 23, '-'9. and every fourlh day thereafter.
For SHnta Crcs. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayueos,
Pert HarforU (San 1 uls Obispo), Gaviola, Santa
Barbara, Venture, Hueneine, tan Pedro, East Sati
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. ic
Nov. 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
■ : For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), -auta Barbara, Port Lot An-
feles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and -Newport, 11
I a.m. Nov.l, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz and Ouayinas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. _sih of each month.
' '1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
' New Montgomery street. -■
QOODAJL.L, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
■ 10 Market si.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO"
HAWAII, SAMOA, Ra* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl ■*„...
AUSTRALIA. S.S.AUSTRALIA.
S.M. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur-
day. December ii. at 10 a. si. Special party rates.
S. S. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10, at VJ p. m.
■ Line to < OOLGAKDIE, Auat.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market at., San Francisco.
COMPAGHIE TEAI_ITLIITI(OI
French Line to Havre. - . 7>j
i COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH _fMS_
V.' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by sst*3jß
this line avoid both transit hy English railway an*
the discomfort of crowing the channel in a smalt
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via .fari*
lirst-class second-class, $iltf. ,
_.A BRKTAUNiS ....... .-.:..V..v.;...DeC. 5, Noon
LA CHAMPAG.NE. Dec 12, 6 a. _.
LA T0URA1N8...... .............. Dec. 19. 9 a. ic
I.A GABCOtJNE..... Dec. 2(5, 5 A. _.
LA NORM.ANDIE v ......Jan.'2.. — .
«_ _oiiurt_er particulars apply to , - ■
. • A. FORGET. AganVr,.
- No. S. Bowling Green, New York. .
j. T. rtroAZi & col, Agent* 6 Montgoaiar?
avenue, San Francisco. - ' ■■/■-. ■ ■■
STOdTO STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington __*
At ti I*. 31, l>ailT. -"relg— received. up
■■-. ■•;-■ . . to.'>:3o F. L.
jar- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. :
- Iha only line making through rates oa VaIUP
Koad freight.- gTKAMERS: .
T. O. Walker, : .- «*• *>• Peters,
1 Mary Cr»rr»tt, ■■ .. . City, of Stocktoa.
. - Telephone Mala 80S. - Cat. Nay. and Imp- C»
UllW AID U. S. HAVYYARD.
SrtVJlEit "MONTICELLO," ~
Dally at.;...... ;..))- •10:80 a. it. 4 and 9:30 p. x. :■
taturday8............'^.".j":;TV;.*10:30 a. - I r. _.
bun Jay » .vr...; rr.^n.vr.-..r.r...., ......8 *. _. :'
Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier 2.
' . Telephone Black '.Sol. ;,'
•Excursion trip, giving 6. hours at Navy-Yard.
FOR SA!» JOSE, LOS GATOS& SASTA CRUZ
QTKAMER ALVIhO LEAVES PIER 1 DJ_U>T
Oatloa. m. (Sundays excepted) ; Alviso daily at
(if. m. (Saturdays excepted). - Freight and Pas-
senger. ..Fare between : San Francl3co and AlvUo,
50c; to San r Jose, 75cT - Clay Mi., Pier 1. •■ 20 W.
bama Clara au San Jos*
1112
THE PICKING WAS
AGAIN VERY HARD
Palomacita Was the Only
Winning Favorite at
Oakland.
Don Gara Won Driving From
Jim Boz man at Odds of
50 to I.
Model, a Long-Priced Outsider, Fin
ished Second — Infiimmator Ran a
R. mark ably Gocd Race.
The talent stumbled over some more
tortuous curves and inshoots at the Oak
land track yesterday. Outsiders straggled
in ahead of the first choices and finally
to relieve the dreary monotony Don Gara
took the closing race at odds of 50 to 1. Oi
the favorites Falomacita was the only suc
cessful one.
The weather was cold and the attend
ance lighter than usual. The majority
of bettors left for home with most of their
surplus cash resting easily in the book
makers' strontr boxes.
Tnirteen maiden two years furnished
the first opportunity for speculating. The
distance was five furlongs, and Kapido
was a slight favorite in the betting over
Ben Benjamin's black gelding Yaldos.
Iron Jacket made the running to the
stretcb, where Etta H took the lead and
at the end won all out, three parts of
a length before Yaldos.
Receding in the betting from evens to
13 to 10 the' Burns and Waterhouse entry
Falomacita cut out all tne running in the
mile dash that followed, and won easily
' :rom the 100 to 1 shot Model. Meadow
Lark was a good third.
Green Morris' colt Inflammator made a
remarkably good run in the mile for two
year-ulds and showed himself to be of the
improving sort. Alma was first in de
mand in the betting at evens, with 5 to 1
offered against the Biutus colt. Of the
others Bernardillo and Principle were
we.l supported. When the barnei shot in
the air luflainmator wheeled and came
very near being leit at the post, losing
fully lour lengths. Closing up the lost
ground the first quarter he waned on
Alma until well inio the stretch, where he
gradually crew ahead and won at the wire
a neck irom the last-coining Bernardillo.
The lavonte was third.
All with lignt welter-weights up, Belli
coso starting at odLis of Ito 2 easily dis
posed of his company in the bix-furlong
sprint, with Flashlight finishing in the
place, six lengths before Montaivo.
Nearly every one of the eleven starters
in the concluding race of tne day, a rive
and a half furlong scramble, decidea
under seihn:; conditions, received more or
less suppor . They were a mediocre lo ,
and Veragua « as played down to 11 10 5
favoritism. Jim Bozeman ana Don Gara
> had the race to themselves. The former
had the footing over vis competitor until
well on toward the wire, when Don Gara
assumed the front position, and in a uard
drive eained the decision by a nead. The
winner was backed from 50 ilown to 25 to 1
by an intermittent sort of play. Eucino,
well played at 4 to 1, was a fairish third.
Notes.
The Stewards of the California Jockey
Club have decided that Tom Boyle, who
bid Moylan up after winning a selling
race on November 18, is not entitled to
half of the run-up money, as Major Cook,
who rimshed second, is owned by B. C.
Holly and not by Boyie, in whose name
he ran. The fact was developed that Holly
leased the horse to Boyle, but the lease
was not recorded with the clerk of the
course. Under rule 21 Major Cook is de
prived of any portion of the purse as well,
and Palomacita gets the run-up and sec
ond money ana Edgeniount, the four.h
horse at the finish, falls heir to third
money.
T. W. Coulter, the owner of Redskin
and other horses, arrived from the East
Thursday night.
Trainer Pleasant of the Baldwin string
was questioned in regard to the showing
ma c by the horses in his charge. It
looks as though one racp had a remarkably
invigorating effect on their running
powers, but as ihe trainer claimed the
stable did not benefit thereby nothing
came of the matter. It is a fact neverthe
less that people connected with the stable
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
oo A a?s. "aasys. d c i y fas N t ovember a7> i 89 - Fourt ~ nth -*« *■«»•
J54 ii * IRbT B^CK-Five furlongs; maidens: all ages: purse $300.
Index.' Horse, age, we) ghL
Bd
%
ZVi
4 V"
6 h
i
31
8
9
10
11
12
13
Str.
Fin.
Jockey.
Belt
Op.
ng.
ri.
127 j ttaH. 2 87
148 Vaidos, 2 87
Soniro, 2 89
Iron Jacket, 6 107
118 LupDla, 2 87
14a Kapido, 4 107
143 R-J cted, 3 107
1.16 Marcia A. 2 87
77 iDiminuendo, 2 87
132 jMima wwen, 2 .. 87
109 Flushban, 5 107
144 lArsPstes, 2. 87
Terraben, 3 106
6
1
5
10
11
7
3
9
19
4
2
13
8
8 2
4 1
ii*
7 1
6^
2b
81
93
11
10
12
13
22
43^
6Vi
1 a
51^
33*
8
9
10
11
12
13
11
2h
3h
4 2
62*
I?
93
10 1
11
12
13
Clawson
Maze/ .........
Mclntyre
G. Wilson.
J. Woods
L10yd...........
Bozeman
ruipe .;
E. Uenm>on....
Cole
.McDonald
Joe Weber
Shaw...
16-5
6
8
25
30
185
4
60
30
26
30
30
H
9-2
6-2
7
20
So
6-2
6
3D
60
0
100
.100
2»
fiooti start.
Won handily.
Winner, W. Adams' eh. t, by Flambeau-Miss Mi: ford.
Time, 1:02.
L 55 fcELONJ) KACE - One mile; aelllDg; purse 9400.
"Index. Horse, age, weight. Bt. 14
114 Palomacita, 3..... 98 2 Ih"
135 Model, 4 99 1 6 1
I*2l- Meadow 1 .ark, 4.. 96 6 7 1
116 I Fred Gardner. 5.. 107 9 6 1
IVI schnitz, 4 105| 8 2h
141 Coda, 3............ 92 5 910
••• evere, 3.. 9-' 3 BY.
141 Ariicus, 6. 102 10 10
, 139 < andor. 5 101 7 42
141 I Tuxedo, 6. ....96 4 3%
V*
lh
5 I
6 1
iv%
2h
10
8 1
10
42
Sn
■•'.%•■
1 1
6 1
6 1
32*
■In
93
iS*
3h
4h
1 4
2 1
62*
31
.S2 6
10
9
Btr.
1 I^l K. J0ne5........
VV* G. Wilson.
S3 H. Brown
4 h P. Sullivan.
6 4 Her.nessv
6 h E. Dennison....
7h J. Wood*
8 0 Buriingarne
91 T. Murphy
10 Prawley
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. CL
4-6
60
10
30
6
5
100
8
8
100
6-5
100
10
40
7
16
30
7
5
60
Good start for all bat Articus.
Pa'oma. Time, 1 :45%.
Won easily Winner, Burns <fc Waterbouse's eh. 1., by Kurlnam-
-156. IHIKD KAI - E -One mile; two-yearold»; parse $400.
rnfl. Horse, weight Bt. 14 % % Str. Fin.
145 Inflammatory... 106 6 6 6 a ou ~~i~i7~
144 «f-rnadlllo 97 6 2% 21* 21 2-? 1 JvL
(150) A1ma..............102 1 IJ^ { 4 tiu. \L §s*
14b Draught... 100 3 5h 4h 4h 6^ ■ 410
(145) ITidclpl-. ........ 107 2 32 8h ah 4 IX. ti
(14OJBII1V Vice...... 106 4 -4h 6Va 2% 6 % 8*
Tnd.
Horse, weight.
Betting.
Op. 1.
Jockey.
H. Martin
K. Isom
K. Jones
Clawson
Freeman
Golden
9-2 6
7 9-2
1 11-10
10 IB
9-2 7
30 40
Poor start.
Won driving.
Winner, Q. R Morris' br. c., by imp. Bruius-Arlola.
Time. 1:43^4.
157. ioUKTiI *ACJ!.-Six fnrlongs; allowancw; purse $400.
Index.)
Horse, age, weight.
Pt.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Vi
Btr.
Fin.
Jockey.
93 Bellirntio. 4 132 1
141 HashliKnt. 4. 12412
Montuloo, 6. 1321 8
........ America, 4 129| 4
11
21
4
3h
12
21
4
31
1 4
21
34
4N
1 3 Shields.
2 5 !*taaw
3 16 (i.Cochraii
4 |T. .Murphy
3-10
6
5
SO
2-5
7-2
6
40
Perfect start.
Won galloping.
Winner. Poeblo suble'a br. h., by Peel-Imp. Janet W. Time, 1 :16.
158.
FIFTH KACE-Fiveandahalf furlODgs; thre-year^lds: purse »350.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
Betting.
Op. TJi.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey.
117 Don t.ara 106
137 Jim Bozeman.. 107
139 tncino 106
141 Kxtusn 107
96 Veragua 107
119 (aaeuza 103
133 Jac* Atkins . 105
73 I.aFlecha 10S
188 VirjjieA 107
1)3 Sylvia 103
18A |Peirarcb .106
1
3
8
6
4
6
11
•j
9
7
10
In
2 l
7h
4h
6 h
6b
83
i 8i v g
3b
li
lh
2 3
71
4 1
81
8^
9
10
l!*
23
lb
I*
32
10*
fih .
11
lh
2 8
32
4 b
I?
84
91
10
11
Freeman
OolWen ....
H. Martin.
Clawson
K. Jones
J. Jackson
Hennemy.
Shaw. ......■"■.
Bozeman. ...].'.'
1 ang
J- Gardner
20
3
4
6
2
8
15
6
10
60
5
25
16-5
4
11-5
30
30
15
50
100
10
["•••■•••
Good start. WoadrlTing. Winner. W. Earp', br.'e, by K*thbone-Mt M MeibouW
Time,
1:01
played Apto to some extent wben that
horse won Wednesday at odds of 100 to L
One book ta the ring laid 200 to 1 against
Model, with 60 to 1 as the place price.
The card for to-day's racing is as fol
lows:
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
ing— 150 Grandezia 97, 145 Alazan 103,123
Jerilderio 97, 103 Loiua 100, 150 Cordova 100,
144 D. J. Tobin 97, 107 Torpedo 100. 107
Qu :ntrell 100.
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, sell
ing—l3B Zamlock 111,138 Little Flusti geld
ing 104. 138 Duchess 99, 147 Irma 104, 138
Duke Stevens 104. 139 Tonino99, 149 Ailah.
bad 104, 155 M»del 104, 137 Sir Reginald 104,
138 Picnic 104. 147 Grover 104. Examiner
111, 149 Skalldho 102. 92 McFar.a.ie 104, 139
Captain Coster 107, 143 Gold Bug 104.
Third race, flve-eiginhs of a mile, two-year
olds, purse— The Roman 103, (25) Mldlight
110. 104Sugarfoot 105, 135 Tempestuous 105,
145 Viking 100. 123 EmeliaS 100, (148) Tropi
cal 108. AlUMiara 100. 145 Eose'le 105, Green
lt.af 103, 74 Sepoy 108.
Fourth r«ce, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap— 9B lnstallator 104, 47 Nebucfl; d
nezzar 97, (140) Sir Play 108, 125 Grndy 90,
152 Semper Lex 106. 122 Doctor G 80, (146)
Apto 82.
Filth race, seven-eighths of a mile, purse—
(152) Sa.isbury II 104, 110 McLight 105, 120
Instigator 94. 158 Petrarch 94, (106) Trappean
104.
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, purse —
92 Sir R, chard 107, Geraidine 111, (142) Braw
Scot 111, (149) Elmer F 104, 147 Hymn 111.
158 Veragua 99, (135) Rle ardo 104, 114 Tampa
104. 140 tieaside 104 153 Pmmerston 102. 119
R-se Clark 104, 153 Peril 104, (153) Howard
117. ___________
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Datley to Mary E. Daley lot on S line of
Fulton street, 106:3 W of Lyon, W 26 oy S 137:6:
$10.
Mar? E. Daley to Daniel Einstein, same; $10.
Harry. Delia and Ida M. Miller to Charles W.
Miller, undivided two-tnirds of lot on W line of
Treat avenue, 1 bo :2 s of Twentieth street, S 25 by
W 12-: 6: $10.
1- rnest R. and Bella Lilientbal to Mary L. Price
(wife of W. E ), 10l on X line of Valencia street,
67:6 a of Twen ietb, S 24 by E 90: $10.
Philip Brunner to Barbara Brunner, lot on W
line of Dolores street. 156 N of Twenty-second, N
2q by W 125; gifu
A. Golaenson to Louisa Goldenson, undivided
two-thirds interest in lo; on W line of Florida
street, 182 sof Twentieth. 52 by W 100; $10.
Maria Aug silna de la Lnz bon to Charles A.
Bon it- d Marie K. hauche, lot on N line of Com
mercial street, 41:11 W of Kearny, W 4U by N
55 gifu
same to Marie Elizabeth Cbaucbe, lot on E line
of Dupont street, 77:6 Sof Paciilc, S 20 by E 66;
$10.
Gusta and Solomon Lew to Marks D. Levy, lot
on n line of Washington street, 82:6 X of Mason,
K27:6 by s 1.0: $10.
Abraham and Amelia Arouson to Edward W.
Hopkins, re-re- ord 1556, d. 292, of lot on N line
of Post street, 100 W of Powell, W 36:6, N 137:6,
X 66:6, s 86:6, W 20 S 72; *10.
Fredericka M. E. and K. W. Armstrong to Marie
S. Murphy (wife of K. P.), lot oil SW c<>rntr of
Lombard and MHson streets, S 62:6, W 30:9. NW
80:8, E 82:10 $10.
John li. and B. Klumpke to J. J. Raver. lot on
o>K llneof Sherwood place, 220 NX of Third street,
NE 17:6 by SE 55: $10.
Herman A. Wolter to Maria Wolter. lot on E
line of Nen-aska street. lttO N of Nevada, N 25 by
E 100: $700.
Pacific Land Association, A. E. Ball. E. \v\
Sco t, James C. Pennie (administrator), John
I lo el Os ignee), Sarah E. Hardest , Lucy Koim
tree, Jennie Goodrch, B. O. i hancics and .•-. F.
Sinclair (by J. J. .McDade. lat sheriff) to Real
Esta.e and Improvement Company, lot on NW
orner of Bntte and Arkansas streets. W 68, N
200, X 33, H 200; also ioi on SW corner of Luue
and Arkan as streets. W 28, S 200, E 44, « t;00.
or so much thereof as might be necessary to satisfy
said judgment, amounting to $1291 28, interest
and costs of suit: $294.
Monroe and My m A. Greenwood to same, lot In
New Potrero, block 32: $10.
Thomas aud R.-ssie Budd to John H. Grady, lot
on t. lii:e of Twe.vv-third avenue, 160 s of Cali
fornia S 50 b.- E 120; also lot on E line of Cook
street, 264:4 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 26:3 by
E 1^0; $10.
John :.nd Mary E Heaney to Robert P. Heaney,
lot on E line of Twen y-second avenue, 160 N of
Point Lobos, N 26 by E 120: $10.
Annie iiendrv to so onion Getz, lot on X line of
West Tweitth avenue, 250 « of Point Lobos, S 25
by X 120; $ 0.
William A. McGrath to Ellen Burnett (wife of
Joseph), undivided half of outside land block
685. bounded by J and I streets. Thirteenth aid
Four eentb avenues: • if!.
The Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to F. J.
Woodward and J.E.Morris, lot 14, Gift Map 4;
$10.
Francis J. and Dell C. Woodward to John E.
Morris, same: $10.
George Darate to M. Clarkson, lot on W line of
Brig!) on avenue. 100 N of Uolioway street, N
100 by W 1 U :5, lots 48 to 61, blocK 4, Lake View
lrac: *975
Helen M. and ?. Thompsou to Maria E. de Wolf,
lot on W line of Kamsell (State) street, 200 S of
GarflVid (Sherman), h 25 by W 100, lot 37, block
32, City l and Association; $300.
Jacob and Ltna Hey mail (by Oscar Heyman, at
torney) to Ma yJ. Holmes (wife of James G ), lot
on N line of Wayland street, 60 E of Ya c, E 60
b N 100, Dortion of lot 3. olock 84, UnlversUy
Homestead Association; $10.
ALAXKDA COUNTY.
Andrea Mojica aud Fraodsca E. de Smith (by
Sheriff) to California Improvement Com par lot
on Nw corner of Monroe and .Moan l streets, N
31:2 by W 104:6, being lot • 1. blocic 84, as per
Stratton's map of town of Alameda, Alameda:
$14&
Alvab Gates to Adelaide Blngbam, lot on X
line of Thirty third (or Nolan) street, 157:014 X
of Grov». X 37:6 oy N 100.55. being the W 25 feet
of lot 22 and E 12:6 Of lot 23, Collins Tract, Oak
land; $1500.
H. >. and Eliza J McChesney to Ella N. liar
man, lots IS and 16, map of .subdivision of Lake
Merrill Park, East Oakland (subject to mortgage
ior*5000); $10.
F. ere tire A Lawton to John G. Klumpke, lot on
M line of Charter (or East Twenty-flft.i) street,
277:6 Eof Nineteenth avenue. E M) by S 140,
being otR 12 and 13, block 81. map of North m
Addition to i rooklyn, re-record of 603 d. liL
East Oakl nd: 820.
George and Anna E. Lydiksen to Henry Valen
tine, lots S8 and 39, map of Piedmont Villa Tract,
Oakland Township; $10.
Frank H., F. M., Auna M. and Fmma L Bock
to Anna M. Buck, lot on ■ W cm ncr of rich h .nd
Adeline s reels, N 265:81.4. W 156:5, N 68, M
156:6. 8 . 8 to b. g nnlng, Oakland: $10.
Beulah Park Camp-mcetine .» ssociation (a cor
poration) to Annie Reagan (wife if John), lot 2.3,
block n , lots 72 to 70. 61 to 65. bockb ock K. map of
lieulah Park property, hast Oaklana; f 10.
Bi chard Paaath to Frank and Ivina .User, lots
5 and t-, block 26, map of I. M. Weutworth Boot
and siio - Company's Tract, subject to a mortgage
for $400, Berkeley ; 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
SCHOOLS WILL
REMAIN CLOSED
Lively Session of the Board
of Health on the
Subject.
Dr. Clinton of the Board of Ed
ucation Denies That There
Is an Epidemic.
Father Brennan of St. Francis Paro
chial School Alsc Files a Vain
Protest Against Closing.
The three public schools closed by the
Board of Health— the Marshall Primary,
the Mission Grammar and the Everett
Grammar — will remain closed until the
Board of Education shall have equipped
them with sanitary plumbing. The St.
Francis Parochial School will also be kept
closed until proper plumbing is put in.
This was determined upon at the meeting
of the Board of Health held yesterday
morning and in spite of the protest of the
committee of the Board of Education
which met them. The meeting was quite
a Btormy one. Dr. Clinton, chairman of
the Board of Education committee,
charged the Board of Health with being
hasty, and flatly denied that there was an
epidemic of diphtheria in the City.
Health Officer Lovelace, Dr. H. H. Hart
and Dr. Williamson declared that there
was an epidemic and that to assemble the
children in these schools was to endanger
their lives. Dr. Hart aaid further that
this mk'ht be only a beeinninir, and that
other schools would be closed if the dis
ease showed any signs of spreading fur
ther.
At the opening of the session Dr. Clin
ton called for a bill of particulars, speci
fying wherein the schoois that have been
closed are at fault in a sanitary way.
Dr. Lovel ice said that a year ago the
Board 01 Health had condemned all open
vaults in the iniclic schools. Tne Board
of Education had said that these would be
corrected during the long vacation, and
that the planking, which had also been
coi.domned in many of the schools, would
be replaced wiih new. The summer vaca
tion had passed, and very little improve
ment had been effected in any of the
schools. In the Hawthorne Scnool some
repairs were being made now, but the
open vault is allowed to remain. A num
ber 01 cases of dinhtheria have been di
rectly traced to these schools, and the
Board of Health had thought best to close
them.
Mayor Sutro asked Dr. Clinton if the
Board of Education had the money where
with to make the changes in the plumb
ing arrangements required by the Board
of Health.
Dr. Clinton answered: "No, sir. If you
insist upon putting In new plumbing it
will close all these schools indefinitely. I
may say that I am as anxious as voii are
to have proper plumbing in the schools,
but it is simply impossible lor tne board
to put it in as t ey have not the means.
The blame for this state of things belongs
o the Board of Supervisors, and it should
be p l od tn»»re. The Board of Education
submit. cd a statement of the iund* re
quired for puttiEg the schools in proper
sa.itary condition and for operating
them, but the money wa* not allowed.
Our board has not been extravagant, but
has exercised due economy, but it rinds it
self now in a position where it will have
to withhold the saarits of the teachers.
Therefore it is absurd 10 ask us to ni:ike
repairs that will cost $4000 or $.5000 for
each fcbool. I may say that as a member
of the Buard of Supervisors-elect I abal
see to it that the schools are allowed
money enough next year to conduct them
properly."
Dr. Hart stated that seventy-five cases
oi diphtheria had been reported from tne
immediate vicinity of the school*, and
that while the repairs are beins: made the
removing of the decayed planks and the
stirring of the surface of the ground
disease germs would be likely to spread
the contagion. He said there was an
urgent necessity lund which might be
drawn upon for the purpose and that the
work could be done in less than two
weeks. He insisted upon adhering to the
original resolution. He said that other
people's children were as dear to their
parents as his own were to him, and he
certainly would not allow his children to
attend school under the circumstances.
Mayor Sutro remarked tnat it would be
a great hardship upon the children to
close the schools for such a length of ime
"Is it a greater hardship to keep them
from school or to cause their death?"
asked Dr. Hart.
The Mayor thought that by a proper
course of disinfection the whole trouble
could be overcome.
Dr. Soper of the committee of the Board
of Education declared that he had visited
all the schools complained of, and that ne
had seen nothing to cause alarm. The
schools, he said, were in a reasonably
sanitary condition.
Dr. Williamson said that he desired to
go on re« ord in favor of radical measures
The Board of Education had been warned'
a year auo and it had not taken the warn
ing. Now t c Board of Healtb was con
fronted with an emergency, and must
meet it. He be leved the responsibility
lay with the Board of Supervisors, and he
thought that this action would place it
there.
Dr. Clinton declared that he was willing
to Btake his reputation as a physician on
the statement that t c replanking, which
cou.d be accomplished by Monday, and
the liberal use of water in the vaults
which also could be effected in a lew days,'
would pat the schools in as good con
dition as need be for the occasion. He
declared also that it was not true that an
epidemic of diphtheria prevailed in any
part of the City; that he could not 6ee
how any reputable physician could say
there was in view of the facts, and he
thought it very unwise ihat the people,
and especially the parents of school
children, should be alarmed in this*
manner.
Dr. Lovelace declared that there was an
epidemic, and that the closing of the
schools was deemed wise as a precaution
ary measure in keeping the children apart.
Rev. Father Brennan, in charge of St.
Francis parochial school, was present, and
made a strong protest against the closing
of that institution, which the board had
also ordered.
The board decided, however, to stand by
its original resolution ordering these four
schools closed, and to remain closed until
the proper sanitary plumbing had been
pnt in.
A resolution was also passed providing
that disinfectants be used liberally in all
the schools.
A meeting of the Board of Education
has been called for this evening at 5 o'clock
to take what action may be deemed advis
able.
Two cases of diphtheria were reported
to the secretary ot the health board yes
terday—both from the Mission.
CHASED BY A BULL.
Revenue Officer T. W. I'hinn Has a
Narrow Escape Near Haywards.
Thomas W. Chirm. bookkeeper in the
Internal Revenue office, had an experi
ence on Thanksgiving day that he will not
soon forget. He was visiting his tather
in-iaw, who has a cattle ranch near Hay
waras, in Alameda County. Mr. Cbinn
and his relative went out into the fields to
inspect the cattle and in some way be
came separated. After walking for a con
siderable <iistance Mr. Chirm came across
ahi-rd headed by a larce red bull.
The latter's curiosity was excited by the
appearance of the revenue officer, and he
a vanced upon the intruder. Mr. Chirm
did not like the appearance of the ani
mal's manners and he started to beat a
retreat. Tne bull advanced rapidly and
•Mr. Chirm increased bis pace until it was
a race across the fkld. The pursued is a
very short stout man and the pursuer
took advantage of the man's inability to
make 2:40 time by keeping his short,
snsrp horns close to Mr. Chirm's coat
tails. Mr. Chirm's only hope — a sad hope
at best— was a barbed-wire fence that
loomed up in the distance. At last he
reached it. To slide under was impossi
?? !t was a hog- tig lit fence. To leap
was Mr. Chirm's only chance and he took
it witb a flying leap.
Tne major part of the man cleared the
cruel wires, but not all. Yester lay the
clerks in the revenue office commented
upon the fact that th 9 bookkeeper was
wearing a brand new pair of trousers and
stood up to his work— to keep from spoil
ing the creases, he explained.'
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
KOBS HOUSE.
7 H Bntchand, Or R BeattL St Louis
t S Martin . Woodland T Fitzserald, San Jose
> M Graham, Nev J Herbert, Vallejo
VS^ cott ' >cv . G Davis, Palo Alto
J M Bendy, Nev J C Wilson, Nev
Mrs Bendy. Nev J Wats n, Nev
« W Smith, Napa T C Cox
t iT Parr « LL ° 8 t°> *" A Davidson, Astoria
J P Hennesey. Wvrvllle 0 Wise, Astoria
h Hennesey, Weavrv.lle D Wapgoner, As orla
w £ou:herD, Sims J 8 Vernon & w, N V
R Kamiz, Heno PE Farreil, > toe k ton
J A Piedocre, Cloverdale E Sessions, Pt Bidwell
JRubenstein. Fresno R Monroe. Port Bidwell
P H Eason, Baldwin Mrs c Sessions, V Illdwel
A. McDonald, Chicago F Burner, Stockton
J W stone. Burlinitame G W Canard, B C
C Emerson, B buatopol J H Cuuard, B C
KG . ittle. Dlxon JEGUmOre, BO
O Brown & w, .Newcastl Mrs Ostrander, Stanford
G X Davis, Stockton A P Gallagher. Stanford
A J Piatt, Pleasanton Miss Reffenbarge. Htnfrd
G A Davis. Pleasanton Miss Gibson. Stanford
H Bnrgwardi.BakrstiedG v\ Gibson, Stanford
D F shirk As, Nev W Hoichklss, Stanford
H C Wood bury, Boston J Parker, Or
* Hi»p r or JWi lianas. Orange
* w Ferguson &w, Cal SG oker, Yuba city •
C t» Kendall, Ynba City C Taylor. San Jose
/ w Kerkwood. 8 Jose C <>aurry f Ky
F Melllke it w, Madera S Yanarda, Mad era
F M Block-son, Madera 11 Trine, Sunol
8 J Juk & w, >t Helena G H Fairbuks, Tomales
Mrs FairDuks. Tomalej Mis« airbuks. Tomales
D Kenrie, Wash C W Rlggin, Staniord
A H Gruher, Ind J \V Palmer, Ind
F W . aker <£ w. Cal T H Harien. I olnsa
J J Pierce, Colusa T H Mitchell *w, Cal
D R McKessen.DavlsvUl N H .imps, >anta Cms
Mrs M Porter, Calistoga P M Joh son, Sweden
Mrs B ► troker, Terrace D C Page, Vacavilie
F A Peacock, -an Rafael E P. teis, N V
H Warren, Sun Jose F C Lewis. San Jos*
H Sauuders, San Jose W F Hall, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Weatherhead, Ohio E Corl*it Aw, Sacto
L Hanks, Los Augeles A j.imvn, -,nip Arctic 8
\V Egbert. Rio Vlsia J Berryman. Berkeley
A L .uuta <fe w.Temescal A Lander <fe w, Wadswth
E a Mizner, Cal A H White, Orov I c
Miss M P Clark. Stanfd A H Sousllck, Stanford
A l übber.s, >an Rafael J L Daniels Aw, > ukld
LM i'ttnieis&w.Oakld F Ayer, >tamord
J Reed, Chicago A E Webb, Alameda
P V Greene <fe w, Oakld W X Jackson ji w, 8 Jose
WBlasiiiKame.Berkeiey W C i randa I, Man ford
F L Ber.-y, Stanford J M Jones <fc friend, Cal
W i ann, Fresn B A Goodspee.», Cal
X L Corbln, stai.f rd H * Cowles, New Uaven
J M Crampton, N Haven R X B getow. Carson
J Boyd, Stanford X McGrath, Petaluma
P C Ajusgn.ve, W Point C Werngren, I ortland
G A Bovden, NY J Per..ins. Indianapolis
Lr C Gleavi s. Dunsmulr H de Ldgnna, > tuck ton
J H Lewis, Stanford LB Wick rsham.Siaufa
I Bird, -Meiced W Planning, .-.in Jose
O >mith, St Helena 8 E Holden, Napa
L Vm Dusen. Ukiah H Blave. San .vuteo
E \Va era. Burlin ton P Metscuau Jr. Stanford
C L McNary, Stanfoid D .iahuA w, Va ipjo
J F a bbott, Nta.iford F C Traiuor, Hacto
T A Hiorey, Stanford D Burciianl A w, 8 Jose
P a Bueli, Stockton W A shippee, Avon
E Burnes, Btautord C £ Lindsay, bantaCruc
KKW WESTERN HOTEL
J J Bullivan, NY g H West. Portland
O B i>-burg<few, Denver Z X I h .ney. Salt Lake
D Slonlviu. N V R Duncan, Wash
H U Or. ye, Milwaukee I, M Buckley A w. Pa
Mrs J 1. Laidau. Pa H F Buckley. Pa
W J Henicn. Ha D Mcdnir.-. t' S II
E Slad.-, Alcatraz H summ-r, A lea: rax
J Jones, A.catraz W Eastman. Los Angeles
s Fay, Va l jo F de Wre, U S N
W Paya doff, USS J A Carlson, ÜBH
h B Phi ips, USS X Mulwi.C S N
W G tikreher, San Jose J Denire, San Jose
W C Moore, Vallejo F s> Kirk, U S N
B O stall, C ncinnatl G . B-cbultM, CSS
M Carbonner. Alumeda W M Quitiu, lamed a
H Leiai.d. AUmeda FB W hyler. U w
WVi andelain, Us N J Adams Los Angetos
J Wil.iams. Los Angeles O *»charm . U S N
J >hlner, Mexico W Blackburn, Anderson
J E ilmore, Vie oria 8 Gordon, Bouldin
C S KauJull. Victoria
LICK HOUSE.
J M Mannon, Berkeley X X ell, Napa
J X hudd, s ockton J p Malien San Lorenzo
H Smyth, Sau Lorenzo J Daunenbaiiiu.V'aliejo
XII Johnson, .-acmio CM .Man. ion. Stanford
R B Belt. Pa.o A O H U. Bell, Palo Alto
W W Carlson. Kureka TCCoune.ly A w.stkton
Mrs C M Cre ncr, btktn Miss « O B anmont, cal
X B Dautt, N V T C White, Frvsno
1' X Cameron, 11 an ford D E Kolxhi, Marysvllls
t \V Allen, sail Jose G L Arno.d A w, Cal
E H r.pjl, Napa C A H \> arfiVld A sn.Cal
P W To m pic in j, 8 Rafael Mrs H Hartman. Salinas
A P Johusou, i-onora Miss T iiariman, Salinas
J A Loaitlt, Stockton
PA LACK HOTEI*
J Boyd, Stanford Mrs J. Finnell, Cal
J feligmann, Carlsbad J G»> Jr. (San Diego
W I'ar.i-r. Los Angeles A Blot*. Mexico
Miss Cruse, Brooklyn Miss Terry, -New Bedford
Miss A B Terry, Cai G H Allen, X V
J J Dool.-y, N V F tsearls, Nevada City
J H Davis <fe w, Jackson A W Putts, N V
A H bit-i liens, -tantord I. W Kowiton, Osage
H Heyman, RT F H l.evln. Couliervllle
0 Krlehn. t oulterville Vl> Bla<k, -a in a
X H Arnold, Stanford N Pa> on, San>a Crui
1 M F.ckert, Stanford Jil Purtzer, Stanford
J Finnell, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W D Chapmon, Me AC vs nlel. Me
11 E H rns. < akltrnd I C Newtiall, San Jose
Mrs \V SV Brandon. Pa F Lucxenback, \ V
H J Conran. s:ockton \V Uewll n.Los Angeles
X M l!oscntli.il, -;kii Joge Mrs Curran, s»n Jose
A C Blair. Los A ngele-. H Wanee A w,s»n Lucas
Mrs Jones, Tulare EBMul in. Ftesno
C M Dillon, .Los Angeles T Mr.Vnllin, baa Diego
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
TlO Market street, opea until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 . Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.'
839 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epe»
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open not ll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, op* n until 9:30 o'clock.
_ _ ' CHI'KCU NOTICES.
»r2P» simpson^memoriaX^jTktb^disT
■^^^ Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; re-id«-nce, 309
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3 Ip. ic.
The pastor will preach at both services..
Subject at 11 a. m., "Not the Letter, but the
Spirit." At 7:30 p. m., Thankgivlng Pralae-ser-
v.ce. Fine programme of music Ten-minute
address by pas or. . Sunday-school at 12:^0
P. M.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth
League service at 6:30 P. m. The public' cordially
Invited to all the services of this church. Seats
free. Ushers In attendance. Trayer-meeilng
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o clock. .
KS" HOWARD-STREET METHODIST EPIS-
- I*>JS'* >JS ' copal Church, beu Second and Third streets,
two blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W.
Case, D.D., pastor. Mar In Schultz, musl< al dl-
rec or. W. F. Glbson.Sunday-school superinten -
enu Hours of public worship, 11 a. 11. and 7:30
P m. Sunday-school at 12:30 Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening', 7:46. Epworth L»acne,
6:30 Sunday evening. ■ Morning subject: "A Mes-
save from God.' i- vening subject: "SomeTru.hs
and Errors Concerning Religious Con roversy."
Pastor's residence, 140 Hawthorne reet, near the
church. Telephone Bed 961. Church wl phone,
1 luck 961. -
_tp=s» iKNTRAL •: METHODIST EPISCOPAL
JjTf^-' Church. Mission st, bet. Sixth and Seven h.
The pastor, Key. Dr. E. B. Dille, D.D.. will preach
morning and evening. Mornlnir subject, "The
Bitter Wat' Sweetened": . evening, .an Illus-
trated sermon on "The "Anti-Saloon League— the
new movement for saloon suppression." Sunday,
scaool, R. V. Watts superintendent, 1 p.m. Young
1 ople s meetings. 6:M) T.U. C. L. S. C. Tuesday
evening. Midweek - prayer-meeting Wednesday
evening. Experience social Thursday ' evening.
All are welcome." ...,,. : .. .- ,
fC^ 3 TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
•"■^ Sixteenth - mid Market ' sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pH.smr Services' morning 1] o'clock;
evening 7:30. < Sunday-sc.iool 12::<0 p.m.: John
D . ar. sui erl tendenb All are cordially invited to
attend, seats free. >
Ifc^B* FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
*f~- IX -' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Rev. Kdwln H.
Jenks, co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
A - J 1 - .Mr. Jenks will preacD at 7:30 p. if. Sunday-
school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. CE. at 6:16
P. if. Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 8 P. it
All are welcome.- ,
»^gs» FIRST - BAPTIST ; CHURCH, EDDY
* r *^- street,:- near > Jones— M. P. Bovnton, pas-
tor. Services f-unday, November : 29. 1896.—
/"■eachirg by the pawor at 11 a. m., snbjec. : »a
mid Called": and at 7:30 P. x . topic: -Supreme
Moments." Sunday-schoo -la:3o.it. Y. P. s. of
C E. at b:3O p. M. Prayer meet ng, Wednesday
evening, 8 o'clock. Christian culture class, Friday
evening, 8 o". lock. Ail these servi.es are o..en to
the public. trangers are w Irome. :-■ ;. -„:-
HAWKER'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-THK
**" WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mAiUn*.
.-. NOTICE OF WLEKTrNOS.
Rr^' EXCELSIOR DEGREE -s&imULiZ, "'
■^^ Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F.— Regu-^K
lar meeting THIS EVENING. Third r
degree will be conferred. ' • ,• <^>m\f >
-■•-■■ A. K. KINGSFORD, D. : M.
Jt^» ANNUAL MEETING— IHE REUUL R
i*^ l^ annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Mutual -.' Ht-ctric ' Light Company will ■ be held
at the office of * the company, ; 617 Howard
street, San Francisco, California, on MONDAY,
the 7th day of December, 1 1896, at the hour of
10:30 o'clock a. ic, for the purpose of electing 4
board of directors to serve fur the : ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as ma.-
come before the, meeting, vran^fer-iooks will
close on Thursday, December 3, 1896. at 3 o'clock
P.M. . ! JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
tt^S- MASO IC HALL ASSOCIATION —
•>•*' Stockholders' • meeting. -Oilce is hereby
given that tbe annual ■ meeting •of ■: the stock-
holders of the Masonic Hall Avsoiia ion of
the City of San Francisco, for ihe elec-
tion of nine trustees and a . treasurer, will be
held in the Masonic 'i emple. in the city of Fan
Francisco, on MuNDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber, 1896. Polls will be open from 12 m. until 3
p M GKQ.-juH.NSOX. Secretary. '
M'tCIAL NOllCl^S.
; * FIXTU R? £3" M ADE^ixT ORDEB?
**~ aS ' cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. -
&PS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 84:
w*"*^ collections made, city or country- Pacifia
Coll^rMon Co.. 415 jlontsv St.. room 6. To 1 .. 6580.
■ fcl'llAXiOXs >» ANTi.U-IJLaiAJLE.
IP IBST-CLASS GERMAN COOK DESIRES
situation: 3 yea's last place; city or country.
MISS CUIXEN. 323 Sntter st. •
NUMBER OF GIKLS, ALL NATIONALITIES,
X>l awaiting situations at MRS. BIRD'S, 721
Ellis su .
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, FIRST- CLASS
J>X c«ok and house worker: city or country; good
reference. Apply MRS. NORTON, 315 Sntter st.
ERM.VN EMPL YMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
son at, furnishes best help of all nationalities.
IDDLE-AGED. GOOD, STRONG WOMAN;
honest worker and . steady; fine housecieaner
and laundress; will go steady in a good nome or
will go by the day; greatly in need of work; Is
alone. 252^ Third at., room 3.
WAN 1 ED— PLACE IN SMALL FAMILY BY
rellab.e woman: housework and cooking:
first-class cook or do downstairs work and cook-
lug: waves $16. Address or cal t34 i- ell st.
1 AOMP*.TK.\T YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
v/. wishes a situation for housework: wages 9*20;
Berkeley or Oa-c and preferred; references. Ad-
dress 630 Ninth si., Oak. and.
AMERICAN WIDOW WISHES POSITION IN
widower's family aa housekeeper; city or
country. MRS. M , 906 Washington sU, room 3,
Oakland. '.
IMRVT-CAS-COOK AND HOUSEKEEPER,
with references, desires situation in private
family, Call or addrejs E. F., 629 Eightn at., cor.
Clay, Oakland. ■ . .
OUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
x East, desires a po-ition as housekeeper for
bachelor or wi, lower; fond of children. Room 1,
1007 market st.
1 ADY WISHES POSITION AS WORKING
S-J housekeeper or plain -ewinc and repairing.
Apply 831 Mission st., room .-, after 11 a. 11.
EXP« Rlr.Nl ED SCANDINAVIAN GIRL
wa:its 10 do general housework in small fam-
Ily; good cook; best reference; city. 929 Pine su
SPANISH M OMAN WISiHE-> SITUATION IN
0 American family 10 do cooking and house-
work. 713 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WI&HE-. TO GO
out by week or month. Add ess Nurse, box
130, Call Office. ■
"LMIEXCrI WIDOW OF 35, RECENTLY AB-
X 1 rived, wishes situation for general housework.
737 Broadway.
VY r OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
-1 tion as chambermaid and seamstress: refer-
ence. Address Ml-S MA KIE, 603 Post st.
\\r AN 1 ED— PLACE TO DO CHAMBKRWORK
*» or work by the day. MRS. R,, 63tsy a Jessie
St.. beu Seventh and Eighth.
\y OMAN WISHES PLACE TO HELP WITH
»' children and a? w. 1104 a Clay st, cor. Mason.
S" TRONU WOMAN WANTo WORK BY THE
day. Room 24, 146 a Fifth su
\ OUNG WOMAN WISHES WORK BY DAY
J- at washing or bousecleaolng.- Call 946 How-
ard st., room 6.
"\roUNG LADY F.XPERIENCBD IN BOOK-
X keeping and stenography. also fir^t-c ass cash-
ier, wisties position. R. M. X., 518V2 Jon s st.
POSITION AS C.'OK BY AN AMERICAN;
country hot^l, ins itution or boarding-house. 1
Martha place, off Geary, beu Mason and lay lor.
/>O..iPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY i
\J tbe day, washing, ironing and cleaning. 632"!
Linden aye.
OR*l2, WORTH $40, A 14-KaRaT GOLD
J lady's stem-winder American watch at U.nCLK
HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
YY IDOW OF RIKNCE DESIRES PLACE
•» to take ca-e of reslden c: no objection to chil-
dren. 865 i/a Market St.; room 18. '
EKMAN WOMAN. WISHES A SITUATION
as cook in a lunch or boarding house. 803
Bryant si , cor. Sixth. .:
' YY ANTKD— PLACE BY A YOUNG NURSE-
*» tirl of 17; can speak . German. Adareas
164'2i/a Mission t.
G1 ERMAN UIRL WANTS A PLACE TO DO
1 housework and plain cookifg. Call a. 713
Valencia, bet. 1-ightt-enth and Nineteenth.
RESPEv TABL WOM\N WOULD LIKK TO
care for an : invalid during daytime for $10 a
month. MRS. M. S., box 137, this office.
G~ 1 ERMAN WOMAN WITH BO WISH Kb
VJT situation to do cooking and housework. 94014
Harrison. "
L>i BITIOX WANTED BY COMPETENT
■ cook arrived from the East: best reference; no
pottals. Apply 1222 Foisom su
EASTERN AMERICAN LADY OF REFINE-
XJ ment wishes a position as housekeeper for wid-
ower- understands househod duties and managing
children; city or conn, ry: references given. Webb
House, room 23, 37 Second at.
ADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION AM'HOUSE-
keeper: city or country. Apply 117 Eddy, r. 1.
L>O>ITION WANTED AS LADY'S COMPAN-
'■» lon or housekeeper; good home principal ob-
ject; best references Call or address 916 Fourth
aye.. East Oakland.
STR"N*i MIDDLE-AGED I. ERMAN WIDOW
wishes situation: good cook and laundress.
Address 808 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
1 • OOD INI.USTIUOU-. I.MAN WOMAN
VJ wants place to do chamberwork and help In
the kitchen; boarding-house or hotel; 677% Mis-
sion st. . .
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES Pi. ACE IO AS-
X sist with lign. work and dc dressmaking; un-
derstands all cutting, fitting, draplnu and design-
Ing; »3 per week. Call Monday at 512 Larkln sU
CIOMPEIE.NT WOMAN WLsH a. A PLACE
' as first- class cook in a private family or first-
; class boarding house. Address D. V., 91 Ninth su
V.v i.N1.ii1.5 .EH Hoi,6h. 44 IHiKD hi.. 31 H.
'» Market: 200 1 rooms: 26c to ;$1 60 per night:
.f1 60 10 $6 per week: convenient and it>specutliia.
lr*e bus ana baggase to and from the. lerrr.
AWL'tSK'B NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THI»
WKEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
' V AXiO Ai ; j \»A_N r rj!.l>— aiA.X,lfi.
J7>OR A FIBST-CLAS-* BLACKSMITH CALL
■ on J. F. CROaE . T A CO.. 628 -acramento st.
VJ-N'l'KR A CO.. . ClllN .■.**. A.\U JAl'A-
nese employment office. 17 • Webb su. below
Kfurny. nr. Cal.; teL main 231.. W.C. YOUNG, m*r
pHINKSB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; beat help. 414% v./FarreU. Tel. E 426.
CIHINKSi. £ JAPANESE: ES I 'D. 20 YEARS-
V-'help:tel.malii 1997. BRADLEY ACo.. 640 Clay.
APANKSEINIELLIUtNCK AGKNCY.R. 73,
St. Ann's bldg., 6 Kddy su : tel. Main . "2:14.
AN AND WIFE, MIDDLE-AGED. DANISH,"
no children, wish positions: woman to cook
and general housework; man able to do al kinds
of work about place. Address O. P., box 3. call
Office, Oakland. .
■yoUNG.MARttIED MAN WANTS PERMA-
X nent employment; good penman: reliable and
no est: reierences can be given. Address C R.
MATHER. 322 .eharaa St. ""ress v, n.
MIDDLE-AGED GERM AN. DEBIRKS WORK
of any kind; handy with tools. Address 631
Sacramento st. ; . - "
/COLORED MAN WISHES EMPLOYMENT AS
\J porter in lodging-house or handy at anything.
Address C. 973 Howard su . near >ixth. *"
COOK, SOBER YOUNG MAN WITH EXPE-
,oo rience, wants a situation. Address C. R.. box
102. this office. ■ .
YOUNG MAN WANTS A PO ITION IN
btxT°Sf "fflc'f' v mfc " ted - ; Addr6s » <*• *• w -»
YOONU_MA.V (AMERICAN) WISHES POSI-
X tion where there is no Sunday work; best of
references. J. F.. box 163, Call office. -
OWEDE OF 24 WANTS PLACE OF ANY
O kind ; first-class ' washer; launrtr? or private
place references. Address C. E., 713 .Minna st.
TYrANTED-SITUATION IN OR^CKRY OR
»» liquor store; wholesale preferred. Address
O. X., New Golden Gate Hotel, Fourth st. aareM
•y-OUNG MAN D . BIKES SOME KIND OF
X night work: has had experience in kitchen and
bakery. Address J. ALB, RT. 829 Mlnnn st.
A 14-KAKAT . GOLD LA lEs 1 IMPuoVPn
WOrMTSvi 1 ""* fOr **° " : U * C^ E .HARRg;
•J7MPI OYMENT OF ANY KIN D BY MIDDLE!
xW,'!!sri"f orL n cl y wllh carpeD^' 8
V Ol KG M \, 27. WELL EDUCATED HON~
X est and sober, , would like position of trust"
SrTa/lacra^nto B^ T '
dress M-, box 163, this office. , """ness. Ad-
pOACHMAN Wl.O UNDERSTANDS HOW
\J to make himself useful wants situation- «ro^
references. C. box 73. Call. »"n*uon: good
VI AN AND WIFE, GERMAN DESCfTF
i" no children, want work on orchard n^ F>
yard: man has 15 years' experience^ it com n . *:
to take charge; woman will do plain cook °rS?^
reference*, JT. A. 8.. box 80, bSnomi^U* ; Ko<iA
SITUATIONS WANTET)-('ont!nnert.
TTaN AND~~VVITj£ (Ta^tXTTn PEOPLh^n
l'l I private place; man ■ understands care horses,
ratt c ■ and grounds: • wife • competent cook -and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. X., box
39. Cal.- - ■-.-•-■•-- .--■•.- .-:-..■
BY . YOUNG - S W F.DE, SITUATION AS
coachman, or man about place: first-class
horseman and good gardener: best of references.
Address J. H.. 1380 Twelfth St., Oakland.
VIRSr-CLASS BOOKKEEPER AND OFFICE
J 1 man will work for $50 per month: references
given. Addie^s LUKE H. PIKK, 667 Minna st.
O-VlPi-.TENT MAN AND WIFE FOR LAUA-
dry-work; wife first-class on fancy-worK; man
oan take any job in Ihe latin irv: wages moderate.
Address M. \V., box B*. this office.
osinoN on ranch by young man;
ompetent to take charge; good ranch black-
smith and carpenter: understands orchard and
vineyard work .n all its branches: references. C.
M., 681 M ss on st.
SITUATION WANTKD AS C >ACMMAN;
Swedish: first-class horseman: understands
care of cows, lardenli-jr, etc.; best " references.
Ad ress C. E., box 8, Call Office, Oakland. .
OrioN" WANTED BY A MKCHANIC,
O capab c of doing most all repairs fora building;
will do most anything; reference. M., box 84,
Call office. -, . . ' -. .
WANTED— APPOSITION IN WHOLESALE
house by Industrious young man: willing to
start from the bottom aud work up; best of refer-
ences from last employer: will give any one 950
in gold com for steady place. Address D. C, box
118, Call Office. ■ ■ ■ ■'
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
V? Market— Electric lights in every room; 201)
rooms: 250 to 91 60 per nigh': 91 50 to $3 per
v ,k }i-« hm >t-H run" !»'"» to »n<t froni ih» nrrr
ILllAliiv tki^L,tT ' *» A>'l"lil>. '
riHAMBKRMAID, CITY. $15 A Sd" BOOM;
\J cook, $20 and room: waitress, $25, etc.; girl,
kitchen work, country, 920 and room; chamber-
maid and wait some, country, $15 and room;
girl, Pine St.. *16; girl, Green St., $15; girl. Ger-
man cooking $20; girl. Modesto, al., $20. fare
advanced; 1 girl, Fair Oaks, $20: girl, Gough St.,
915; girl, Gough St.. $20; girl. Washington st..
$15: girl. Hayes St., $15; girl, sonora, CaL. $20
to $25: girl, Washington s  $20: girl. Eddy St..
$20: 13 young girls, 98, $10 and $12 per month,
assist, etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
W ANTED— JRONEB FOR LAUNDRY IN
It ihe country, 930 to $35; German Jewish
cook, 925: German second and « ashing; $25;
cashier, restauran . $16: saleslady. $4 a week;
French nurseslil, 98 to 10. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stoc^tunst.
P FRENCH OR GERMAN COOK, »20. MISS
CULLEN. 823 Sutter sU
"DEFINED WOMAN, WITH A CHILD, AS
iV working housekeeper; $12. MISS CULLEN,
. 23 Sntter st. . ".•...
/GERMAN. FRENCH OR SCANDINAVIAN
VI , irl. housework; $30. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ■■ ; . . .
OL iRED COOK, 920; NURSE. 920. MIB3
i ULLEN, 323 -niter su
ANNA CA RTER, COLOR KD NURSE. PLEASE
A call. MISS CULLEN, 323 ntter st.
"V[ URME, $26: I"- HOUSEWORK "GIRLS. CITY
XX and country, $20 and 925; 8 young girls, aa-
alst, 9iUt0916. MISa CULLEN, 323 sutler st.
MEAT, REFINED NUKSE- CHI. D 3 YKARS;
-L> $ia MISS CULLEN, 323 -utter st,;
W ORKING HOUSEKEEPER; 912. MISS
if CULLEN. 823 .sutter st.
OG A PHK R AN TYPEWRITER,
0 must furnish machine. $5 week and increas • ;
Ge man cook, plain wash, $30; Protestant second
girl, same nous-. 925: German or French cook,
country, $30: Protesia t elrl for housework. 2 in
family, $25; waitress, hotel, $.0: colored nurse,
$16. and others. J. F. CROSi^TT A CO., 316
butter st. -■:;■
"V OU.NG GIRL, GOOD COOK., LIGHT WASH,
-i. 2 family, $15, $20, fee paid by lady; 2 second
Kir s, one to sleep me, 915: 10 yormi: girls, .ight
housework, $10, $16. c. R. HANSEN A Co., 110
Geary st.
YV' ORKING HOUSEKEEPKR. GENTLE-
»» man's family of 4, for Los Angeles, $25; see
party here, 1 o'clock. C K. HANbEN <& CO., 110
Oe ry st.
WAITRESS AND DO CHAMBERWORK,
j" country hotel, $20; waitress, plain hotel, m n-
lnK town, $15, fa c paid ;. waitress, mechanics'
bo.irdl--g-b.ouse, $15. second giris: housework,
etc MURR .V A READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 036 Clay st. •
/i ERMAN NU..SEGIKL, CHILI* 3 YeAHS,
\ $12; upstairs girl, $15; honse.-irl, 2in family,
$20. and a number of girls for city and country
MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter st. . *
3 GIRLS FOR HOU EWOHKT92O; 2 GIRLS
for children, $15: 4 waitresses, restaurant, $25.
German Employment >. flice. 30t> Mason st.
C~IOOK FOR MALL COUNTRY HOTEL, $20-
I free far.-. HOTEL GAZETTE. 4^o Keainy. '
GEhMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL, HOUSE-
keeper and cook: small family; Frultvale-
s2o. Apply 18 Seven.h St., San Francisco.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING. 2606
Sacramento st.
IRLB EXPERT IN PAPKR-BOX MAKING'
AT ST. PARiCH MFG. CO., 623 Market St.
Y OUNG GIKL TO CAKE FOR BABY. CALL
i- bet. 10 and 2. 1643 Polk su
ANTED— CITY TRIMMER AND A
saleslady. MRS. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 210
Grove st. : .
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 2 IN
family. 1427 Stelner su ; apply 9to la.
\\r ANTED— FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work; $12. 4. Liberty su
1 • ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUoE-
VJ work. Apply 611 Bash st.
'OUNG G RL F..R UPsTAIRS WORK. $15:
J- young nurseglrl, 910. Call early, 72 Ellis su
\ OUNU PROTESTANT GIRL, HOUSEWORK-
X wages $12 to $16. 210 Jrair Oaks st.
PPRENT Cli AT DRESSMAKING. 820
Golden Gate aye., Sunday bet. 12 and 3.
OVELY 14-K RAT GOLD LADIES'
watches for 916, worth 940. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
GOOD FINI-Hfc.R ON PANTS; MUST BE
good. 417 Geary su 
GOOD GIRL DO GENERAL HOUSE-"
work; small family. 1625% Turk st.
pIRL, JEWISH COOKING; $20. MARTIN'S.
«___749 Market sU
"VTIGHT SCHOOL NOW OPEN. FLYNN'S
XI Drea ■ -cutting and Making School. 1 4 McAllister
EARN J.RESSCUTTI.NG AND FITTING-
skirt patterns. 2->c MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
O^.DAI.E HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NR. TAY-
lor— loo furnished rooms: 26c night; $1 week.
AIKDKEsSIiU, 26c AN.J 36c: AFlER-
noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 50. 1248 Mission.
VY r ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO LEARN
"» barber trade: only 8 weeks required: tools
given and catalogue senu & it. Js*roer School.
1616 Howard su .
AJO&l CONVENIKNT AND RK&PECTABLK:
-V. Winchester Honse, 44 Third at, near Market:
-UJ rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; 91 60 to 9i
p»r week : tree 'bus and bacaraze 10 and from ferry.
M A L /i bKllf >iAMhII.
•"^A^TED^EXPERIENrCED YOUNG MAN
»» take care of racehorses and brood mares. $25
am< nth and found ; ' also ' 2 gangplow men, $25
and found: cooks, waiters and washers. W
W. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay at.
ALL-ROIND BAKER FOR AN INSTITTJ-
tIon, 930 and found. MURRAY a READY
Leading Kmploy em Agents. 634-636 Clay s:. '
L ARMER THAT UNDEBS.A.NDS 1 LACK-
J smithing. $1 per day and board; ranch fore-
man who can run an engine; farmer and wife $30-
-wir nail machine operators. 92 50 per day'cabi-
nei-maiter. farmers, etc MURR -. V A RBADY
i.eadl g Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st. '
W ANTE D — WAITER WHO SPEAKS
>*_ French. 925 young Frenchman to assist the
cooks Ins reuauran-. 930; butler, city, s3s: younZ'
1 '•» era - farmer, $20. see boss here: man about
place. $15. etc. L. ON ANDRE. 316 tocktonTt.
\y ANTED— APA ESE COOK FOR STEAM"
»»er; young^ Eastern farmer, 916: French or
Italian waiter, $35: shoemaker and others. Addlv
to J. F. C ROSE IT A CO., 828 Sac ran °e mo st
O WAITERS, $6.A\VKKKr YOUNG MAN
& :or light work, restaurant, 96 a week; boy for
pa.ntshop: cook. «9 a week; cook. $40 and room-
r e k k an M A el^N^4 l 9 lSei g ° W »^ r ' » •
IV A NTED-6 BRIGHT YoUAG MEN OR
" young women: responsible position; goo sal-
23Tcan office. ° W " b » nd * ri »ng * ilfk, btx
l) 1 "."^ su 1 " R ' NEa t young man who
Jwe V n%u. t ?hsr n COOklnK - **—»& »«£
pHANC FDK AN ACTIVE MAN OR WOMAN
good wa?e& eVen 6t "' AdellD * 6UtIon ' O««*nd;
i^dagg^^ g^ TPBDAY AND-Sun:
W Fo n'rth su" JflKa ' r ' OJLASS BA^ «^ 207
ji^^WA^D: DAY CALLT-15
jY^g^A^D^BARB^R FOR HATU>
(i °R A PB^ St B .^ £• MAS , , WANTED :AT
v-» RAPHAEL'S, 9 he. my st.
rp IN SMITH ANTE ONE who UNDER-
*■ Stands roofing thoroughly. , 632 Gt« y 5t. ,. -:.-. •
pOATMAKEB AND VESTMAKEK FOR
V country. REISS BROS. CO., 26 Sutter st.
SHOEMAKER N >EvOND-HAND - WOKK :
*~> steady job tor good nn . ; 5*6 Sixth st. - ■
.M^v M N . D to I .!i; E ' BANCg> <ias Ist^^
WaKUD to MAKE I.IMsELF US&
■■ _i_uj in «eedstore.' Address S. a, box 44. CalL
VY r ANTED-MAN , AND WIFE WI I 9125
*» capital to buy groceries r and dtlicatesien
more: first-class location near Market* $?«
rent: fixtures worth ihe price asked ; no agents-
by **y ox contract; 1200 Webtter, ml atiiaJr23i
+ *V ox cnuact; 1200 Webster, W.&fiS?&C_ ,
HEtP' irAJTTEP— ContlntKMi. . t
\\T ANTED — AN 'ACTIVE AND INTELLI-
» » ■ gent young man as salesman - and driver for a
wholesale liquor-house * Address 3.. box 11 5. Call.
IF YOU WANT a GOOD GOLD AMERICAN
watch UNCLE HA.-li.S has. some beauties:
price $29 worth $6 .).:' ■ ; . --^
l .A Kilt fi.uir.iThJ: UNION EMPLOY-
i '» m«»m secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 667 Clar.
L/ARBKR^— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC.
X> P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHW. 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARJ.KRS 1 t.M PLOVMEN V
Ee«*retary, H. BERNARD, 102 >eventh sU
ANTED— ALL-ROUND MAN ON BMAt L
country place; sma 1 wages. Address B. M^
Mercury office, an Jose, Cal. . :
I OY 10 OK 12 YEARS OLD TO GO IN THE l
>> country. Address P., box 88, Call Office.
YV AN '• MAN AN 1. WIFE; Trie MAN TO
" work m and understand raisin vineyard, wife
to cook for men; must have references. Address
Z-, box 00, Call.
\\i anted— soo MEN TO-DAY TO EAT best
»' 6c and 10c meals. » Id i'.conomy, 410 Kearny.
TV A.\iJ ! ,u,iui l jLi.i;a' VVAOtSDUiSIiABOa
■*' «TK&cleri{». KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Hatter .
SCHOOLTEACHERS (COUNTRY) DESIRING
remunerative employment; odd hours or all
time. R. W. McGAiiVIE, 636 Mission sU
N^Ji V y?t: uO HOUSE. 78.i MISSION, BET.
ftnd A th ~ b .° 81 " burnished rooms, night 160
to ouc.wt-ek $1 to * a , 60: reading-room: strictest at-
tentlon morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF BHOKS
made to order: $2 50. 959 Howaid. nr B Slxtn.
I">OR FULL AND (LEAN 10c >IKAL OB
J coffee and cakes 5c go to 13^ Grant aye.
LCHO HOU.-.E, Bb3^ MARKET —ROOM*
20c, 25c to 50c night? $1 to $2 week KOOMa
ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE UNITKU
>tates Marine Corps. United States NarV-
able-bodied unmarried men, between the axes of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states. .
or those who have legally d dared their intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and,
habits and able 10 speak, read and write English,
and between 5 - feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply .at the Recruiting
Office, '20 Ellis .st., San Francisco. cal.
HALK-SOLING, 60c.: LADIES, 40a •"
done while yon wait. i 638 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck'a.S.g-
WANTKD— LABORERS AJND MECHANICS
to know that Ed RoUin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms; 26c per nlgnt; $1 to $3 per week.
W ANTr-D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent?' Protect your
ideas: they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. for their $IbOU prisa *
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted. I
INCHESTEK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR." '
»» Maricet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading- -
room: free bus and baggage to and from tbe ferry.
HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER*
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged; larg - stock of second-
shoes; first-class repairing: work grin ran teed.
749 Mission su. near Grand opera-bouse. "■ j.-,
qiHE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X uonse in town, Lindell House, 6th and Howard.
E-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and I eid'-sdorfl sis.
1 f U\ MEN TO 'l'AKr. Ii.»WINU-A-i 10c, 100
I\'\J and -20c a night, including coffee and roils.
624 Washington st. , near Kearnv.
rpRY ACME HuUsK, Uo7 iIAKIiKT B'i'., BK-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25<> a night: $1 a week.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
ween; rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay sU
SIMON WANTS 100 M*.« TO t.ET BOT-
. tie b»er or wine 6c : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
DOOMS 15c TO 75c Piiß NIGHT; 500 TO 91 SO
XV per eek. Oriental. '225 Drumm st.
tW GRAND. 246 THIRD— SUNNY BOOMS
from 91 to 93 per week; reading-room.
OHEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NKARTAY-
XV lor: 200 rooms: 25c night; reading-room.
\\ r ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
• » shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nlgut while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; ojen'i
EOllng, 60c: fine shoes made to order irom 92 up.
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 26c up to
9- SO. f 62 Mission St.. bet. First n:. i«n'l H4»«-onrt *v
A ti J£XTS . W ANTE D.
W" "'"aNt'kD — AN EXPERIENCED MAN TO
»» handle goo I patent. Address A., box 102, Call.
GENTS— HOLIDAY BOOKS: 4 BOOK-. REP-
resented by one prospectus: first agent re-
ports :-2 orders In 4 days. F. PERSON, manager
subscription depar m«nt THE WHITaKER A
KAY COMPANY, 725 Market st.
OME - OOD lIHBITO'Y LEFT; SEEDS'
water-filters; other novelties. BRICK & CO..
777 Market st. '
■\ro MAGAZINE offers SUCH LIBERAL
J-i inducements to aeents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars, 14 >a:isome St.. S. F.
_^^ . KOOIttJ WAJiTJSD.
ii^a^^e'd^u^ny^oom^and boariTby
If a married tarty In a respectable private family
with home comforts: terms not over S2O; no
other boarders. D. 8., Pox 52, Call.
|, V YOUNG GERMAN. IN FAMILY WITH- 1
l> out small children. Central, A. 8., box 98, 1
Call. j
ANTED— 3 UNFURNISHED KOOMS IS
Mission. Address MRS. C. 203 a Bartletu
*%i 1 X C aUI v» AN X U.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI^
tore and merchanolse see BURP. 211 Larkin.
XAT ANTED— THE FURNITURE OF A 10 OR
" 15 room house: must be cheap for cash; no
agents. Address Buyer, box 44, Call Office.
ANTED— OaK BEDROOM SET. BEDDING
and carpet. O. F., box 73, Call Office.
IGHER PRICK I HAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction Co, 1067 Market.opp.Jone*
GA!>H PAID FOR E.nTIKK HOUaij.d W tt"
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J
BOWCHKR. 222 "tnrkrnn: r. n-1 »«>ita'. ' *
W AJJXKI*— MIBCKI.LAJ«iJEOUS.
jnAMKRAT 6x77' PREMO. IN "GOOD" CONDIT
v^tion; cheap; price particulars, E. G., box 9, Call.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-'
»» ing, painting, etc., by contract or day's work
at your own price; work must be had. iN k.
M ERIG AN. 1302 Webster st. :
achinery Wanted in exchangub
for Stockton lots. White. 616 Mission st.
0" LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JKWEL^
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 11331,4 Mission.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES.
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission sU
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
>JUIttHTUKJfi IUK SALE,
fi*-5X Jj)UIS !r IO J^'JOMa "OFELE^AIJTiruSr
U*J*J nlture for sale cheap. •
AUCTION HOUSE. 827 MISSION ST.—
chamber suits, $13 60: folding-beds. $10.
'Has. m. plum & co.. upholstery co.
' 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTh"
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods. "
400 CARPETS; CHAMBER SeTs! 9T4T
V w Btove S > * 5^ parlor sets. * 20: folding-bids;
910: bar outfits. T. P. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission:
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR*
lowest prices on household goods; new or good
as new: cas or on time: open evenings.
X I £ a f£« Nl ™*ECO..ll«7.29-81 MARKET.
IV. furnish 4 rooms, 9-8 to $60; best bargains ia
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.-LOWEST
-«-» prices; furniture, carpels; all grades. 866 Mis-
sion St. ■
IIURMTURE, STOVES. CARPETS, COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDKRSONMI2I Market st.
A *iJU&*ML £ CX.JSA-NIAO.
itvTt a ml^abpet c"le anincTworksT '
cleans, moves, lays carpets. " G. H. STEVENS,
M - r. 38 and 40 i iglnh st. ; telephone South 260.
t"JARPifiTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERi.USON A CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 3d. D. MACKINTOSH A Co.. successors.
\\' HEN YOU BECOME Dl--OUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to SPA U LDIN Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-67 lehamast.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO.. 403
Sutter. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, I'rop.
JE. MITCHELL, CAKI'KT-. LKAM.M. Ca,
» 240 14th su ; cleaning So a yard.- Tel. Mia. 74.
C CARPET-CLEANING, 8c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J sample.-, free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 198th st.
ONKLIVa CARPr.T- BKATING • WORK*
> 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 1-.6. *
;'JC A AMD AT GREAT WEhTERN CABPET-
O cleaning Works. li Eighth su
TONES * CO. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Ughih st. Telephone Jas'p 1061: . ■
ATTOKMiYS- AX-LAW. ? - '
QAILORS' AND MECHANICS' WAG l.s cot.
p lected: estates probated; deeds, wills, contract
g^ark^^m^^^^ l^^,
A FREE-DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI~
alty; private; no charge unless successful -all
lawsuits, claims, collection!, wi, is, deeds eir «J
tended to. G.ax. HOWE, at.-yautw. 85O.Mw'ket
R;W - KING, CHRONICLE BLDG- cONsni "
Jl. tatlon free: probate; all ca.es- fee, low C^
■_;-':' --'-••■ _-_' ■:.-• LOST. :/:'-; ~~^ ''
: Tt°f T r FOS '" T^" I "gK^ITCH- MASON' ANT/
iJ Jackson sts, November 26 a'r^ut go'dwt
ce'iv^reward: 0 * ° IBIJB - A «^*% ftSflc'.t'l.:
celve reward. : ivi *73 su, re-
iilllililijs^C£~nCn ytFICE lUTSINKS^;"'Vrro6"ETr> 1
JiO", gant cilice furniture goes with ' the
place: there is a read 1 £. 500 Invested in the busi-
ness 1 »nd this uucriii-e is a chance of a lifetime, and
must be sold by the Ist: or will • rent the built. ess
as it is: the owner must go East immediately
, r his place Is worih four limes th.- amount a-ked
and will s.itl^fy anv-i one that the business is at
present clearing 150 to $20.) per mouth above a 1
expenses, and, on investigation any one vvljl rind
this business Just as represented; th« balance .
$300. can remain in the business for time- no
experi-nce required, and the business Is suitable
for her a lady or gentleman: rent is cheap and
location the finest For full particulars see at
on.eT.'LUBELSKI, the Business Broker 7 City
Hall aye. t ' • ' ■ J
Qdnrt STATIONERY, NEWS AND PIC-
P'±fi\J. tureframe siore; at a Bacrifice; this
is a fine place for the money: part can remain 011
the place. T LUhELsKI, 7_City Hall aye.
'- 00 ■! ISK SALOON, Doing a good
tip. UU. business, w th good fixtures; large
stock;- pool-table; the location is fine and cheap
1. LUBKLShI, 7 City Hall aye. 8 "* lbU c buy -
Q 7 n()" L OAL 'i iN D W OOD YAKI); ALSO
r *, ,k h S y fen . d «rain;* doing fine business;
location ibe nmst for any one wautlng a business
.&K." T? D LiT B t K.ri i KI Pt 7 V ( -T i °y n H Hal,t a l ," a T.: gllKale
ftfSOi 0 GBOCEHY AND BAB, OR WILL
w L a v ».' ak «P»«ner: fine corner stand; long
lease and cheap rent; taking in $100 per day ca.h:
tue.finest business of Its kind I h ,v* ever offerea
• for sale. • T. I.UBk^KI, 7 city Hall aye, •
*<J, f\ RESTAURANT THAI' IS A BAR-
' <£_*" U. gain; the placets doing good and the.
rent is cheap; location the finest; the place must
be sold at once; see It 10-day. T. LDBELsKI, 7
City Hall aye
••"•ajKll ..SALOON. AND FURNISHED
VZ>~*J '* rooms In connection; doing good busi-
ness • and io ation the finest, near water f ont;
- this will Interest you If Investors ed, as it actually
Is a bargain. T. LCi'ELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
097S PARTNER WANTED IN u.\K OF
<JP* | I O. t.-e nicest and best equipped butcher-
.shops in the city; fine horse and wanon; splendid
location and strictly first-class family trade which
will average $20 per day: need not be a butcher,
as will teach Incoming man the business. GEO.
..BTEWABI. 602 Market »:.- ,
QQnn WILL BUY' A HALF INTEREST IN
OOUu thor 'ii*hly estab:ished meat - market,
wholesale and retail: guaranteed to clear $150 per
month for ea<h; too much basin, si for one must
be competent business man; butcher preferied.
B. B-. box 97, Call Offl c. •
COALANDWOOD BUSINE-S— HoRSK .ND
• \J wagon: stocked: 6 stalls to let: rent only $10,
paid to Dec. 15; good location. Apply 1915 Mc-
•A Ulster st. * *
EI.IrFURNISHED HAIRDRESSING AND
manicuring parlor; paying: old establish d;
.- ownerretlring; lnvrstlgatl^n. W., box 55, CalL
LODGING-HOUSE FOR SALK— 30 OMS:
a 1 on one floor: nicely furnished: • rood land-
lord. Inqulie proprietor, 776 Howard st. ; >
QVfi WILL GET YOU A NICE DIAMOND
. -V ring wo th $50, snl able for a holiday
. present, at UNCLE HARRIS. 16 «Jrant aye.
' rPRUSTWORTHY MAN AS PARTNER IN
, X pork and sausage store; good living for small
. capital. . 430 Fourtn st. , ; ; . :
BARGAIN— CORNER SALOON; SPLENDID
location: fixtures: pool-table; stock. Inquire
45 Third st. -
" <s finn SALOON; GOOD LOCALITY; AVER.
<.: \J\J\J. ages 815 dally: a bargain. 42 Spear st.
OLD -ES . ABLIfHED HOTEL — CHEAP;
cause, sickness: rent $35. Apply Call Office.
.QT«'CK OP GR CERIES FO ; SALE AND
;O store to let: cheap. >\V cor. Hyde and Post.
STAB AND GARTER SALOON, 137 FIFTH
O St., for sale: cheap; good bargain. .
; IHANCK FOR BUfINEN* MAN WITH 5500
* V-'. to Invest to make big money: this is an oppor-
tunity wor.h looking after. Address M. W., box
"SB, Call' Office. ■.
t'BSAfcE— HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS, ALL OC-
• copied: owner will take half payment In
bovrd. Address P. N.. box 24. this office.
ALOO \ ; BUSY CORNER; DAIRY AT- |
• O lached-; doing good business; poor health the j
' season for ing, inquire 45 Third st. j
•_» ROOMS; SUITABLE FOR A SALOON. 829 i
O Howard St., between I ourth and Fif in.
ARBKK- HOP FOR - SALE— 3 CHAIRS;'
good business. Apply this o:"ce.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR: GOOD LO- 4
\J cation; 'doing good business; no agents. -
Q^nn FOR -SALE— A NEAT GENTEEL ! '
.C^Wv. office business; paying from $50 to $75 :
.•profit above expenses; can be i crease j; splen-
.did chance for lady or gentleman; owner sel. in? i
lias other business demanding his attention. Ad- j
■.Vlress J- F. C, box 88, this office. ■ .- ■ ■ '
G" o~odTn vestment— FOß sale— fine
paying business, heart of Oakland: investors ;
* with small capital look Into this: party leaving 1
'.'town. • » . I-., box 9, Call Office, Oakland. |
TJ hSTA'URA'SI FOR SALE; . WELL \LO- !
XV cated, near new Call bu lding: dolnggood |
business: other business reason for selling. Ad-
a - dress A. D.\ box 148. this office. ' - ■ 1
\KJ ILt. SALARY Aii'D PER CENT PROFIT |
•'I satisfy you? Business established a years;
mure help necessary; partner preferred. Address
M". «... box 140*. Call. .
"pROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE CHEAP.
VJ Apply to-da,y 5 Oak wood, nr.i.nerrero and 18th
DENTAL PRACTICE, CITY, FOB SALE FOB
•XJ less than Invoice; established 16 years; 111
' health cause of selling. Dentist, box 135. «-ah.
Q.i:n JUNE RESTAURAN 1 DOING GOOD
0 — «JU- business; cause sickness, Inquire 104
Eddy st.
CANDY, NOTIONS, BAKERY; - 2 LIVING- j
,\J rooms; very reasonable.' 1307 fiu banan st. - !
/ -IGAR-S.ORE: 2 iIVING-ROOM : BENT i
V $14; Invoice: sicKness. 1127Mssionsu
. 4- >SN AP — RESTAURANT DOING . GOOD
XL business: lnvestiga. c; bargain. 45 bird su
{■'JAA SALO >N AND FIXTi HES, INLLUD-
• \?\j\J\J, ing tnrnitnre of 8 rooms: r-nt low:
. good business ; near Colma. ' PATTERSON &
# CO..'? Vaenclast. • ■ .. ;
EFOBE BUYING OR SELLING YOUR BUSl-
ness see UNDERWOOD & Co., 765 Market st.
VOTOGR.APa GALLERY, -ESTABLISHEOIO
i yeais; good family location; 10,000 negatives:
. good living-rooms; $250.. Address F. G. M., box
67. Call Office. ; y ;. . ' i ■
A LOON WITH CIGAR-STAND FOR bALE;
account of sickness. - 817Kearoy su. %■-■ .
O A PERSON OF MEANS, OK ONE WHO
has.a son they At sire 10 establish in business,
an opportunity can be had with the undersigned in
a pleasant, safe pi d paying business: the best of
° references furnished and the same required. M.
;H...box 118, Call Office. *■-.'
■ Q7AA A BONANZA? THAT ELEGANTLY
\T Ivy/. fitted up and stocked ealoon corner of
'• I^e'ldesdorff and Ha:.eck; no agents. '
BIN KINO SALOON CHEAP; DWELLING-
rooms. 660 Sacra men to st., near Kearny.
» AKtl'.y, CANDY. NOT. ON 8, CIGARS.
I > lannlry; 5 sunny rooms;, leaving city; bar-
gain _1151 Mission st.
"XJExTAUBANTttHALF interest CHEAP:
-XV established 15 years: remaining partner 7
rears. 1241 Marke. St.
IU CHANCE TO INVESIORS OF MODE K-
ate means; guaranteed. Add. O. E. C 0. ,221 Davis
ROCERY AND BAR; REASONABLE;
V 7 sickness account of sale. 122 1 angton sU ■
AIRY PRODUCE; OLD ESTABLISHED
stand; 12 years: a bargain.- call 146 Seventh.
RARE , OPPORTUNITY .O PURCHASE;
old-established furniture, carpet . and under-
taking business; clears over $3000 a year; stock
flO.OOO. GEO. L. JJLttKMAIER, Wells-Fargo
: Kxpressjbnlldlng. . - . ■ . '
FOB SALE— OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
and produce stand in one of the best markets
-In the state; owner going -; away. . Apply 918
Washington St., Oakland.
-C.'<nnil BUSINKSS, PORTLAND, OK.;
MUvl', paying 175 per month: good chance
to Increase. Inquire C E. KAYLOIL room 8,
floor 8, Mills bulldlug. . . . . ...
1 EADING • RESTAURANT IN LEADING
J-J seaside resort of Pad flo Coast: owner retiring
from business. Address S., box 138, Call < ffice.
•\\' ANTED— PARTNER. WITH $40,000 IN A
* *' grocery and liquor home established since
3863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
TVTEWSPAPER ROUTK IN INTERIOR CITY.
IN close to San Francisco. For particulars appi/
• this office. ■..■.-.' _^_____^__
KOUIE FuR SALK ACROSS IHE BAY. i->-
-onlre at Call office. . ■ ■■ ■•
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — TUB
• r\- WEEKLY; CALL, In wrapper, for mailing
- iLuVtiHifi'tlO VSEX XOK SAL IS.
riAj-BOOM CORNER H0U5E. ......... .... 81000
*iO 12 rooms: fine sunny corner. o 400
60 rooms, clear!) g $-00: In payments...... 2600
. iB-room bouse; rooms all rented -. 600
8 rooms: near Ci y Hall: i.ew. 250
14 rooms on Folsom st., near Third- rfBU
• SO-room house, clearing $600.... 4000
ti6-room corner house, new furniture 3000
20 rooms, on 4th «t., clearing $80. only : 400
•■&. room» on Market s., offer wanted — b5'J
32 rooms, central, good furniture '•••••' r &0
H. C. DFX'KER, IO^J Market St., opp. Fifth.
.TIOR HALE AT YOUR OWN PRICE— OFFEB
r Wanted ; 36-room house .on : . Powell , St., near
Baldwin; n«rgain guaranteed; apply at once. L
. CbCHAIiFF. 20 Montgomery st. ■ : ■ ;-
■471 LODGING-HOUSES. ALL. PRICES:
■ •IT I O. money loaned, low , Interest. 1-HELPS
&.CO., 917Lar»lnet. ' . - r ' -■'- ■"■■'
•PARTNER WANTED IN GOOD PAYING
I] .dping-honse with $300 cash: further pHttiru«
|»rg R .. r»»T «8. full. -- ' ■ -■■--■-'■•-'■■-■'
. ■ ' '*>-irj!,MritA.'x'^iia^- •
HAVK YOU SEEN THE' NEW: PEEBLESS
typewriter an i.otary Duplicator? They stand
-at the head. R. E. BEVOI.K A CO., Calif urnta.
) A GENTS'SMITrt PREMIER: ALMJ RENT
M • V and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. &M. AL-
» > XANDER <fc CO., 110 Montgomery, St., write for
Vlrcuiar.. , -"•- -.■•-■ -.■-•■ ■- - v " '■ " ■'"-•*''-"■■
>*_'-.- PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ''- : '-.V-T- r
7 OHN K. i* ICH Alibi LAW OFFICES. .' 800 M.4
O 28 \ and 27, Crocker .. builOlntf; ' ieiepnoue Jtlaut
75, tean i-rancisco. Cal. :.f .' . ;;• ,' <? > .
JOHN K. AITJCEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
any » at law, rets 510,6it>.SUi Uoor, I'arro v 010*.
r»or«FH TO r.FT. .
rTli> let— 3^^a^^aklos"ave!!T' h^ouse
X- of 6 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
garden: rent rea onabe.: '■ -'.-.- '
FE LL, 300—1 ARGELOT, HOUSE Of's ROOMS
ana bath. $35. MADISON & BURKE.
5 -KOOM HOU-E;$8; DRY AND WAKU, 1555
" Kearuy st . near Greenwich. ■
5V^ t.OLDKN GATK'AVE., near van
*-'—" Ness— Modern built house of 9 rooms:
suitable for a hoc or; rent rea-ouable. . ;r .
.MA WHOLE JiOUSE:6 ROOMS, BATH.
<P.£V. 2814 Lagnna a., near Union. ; '■: :
>.J<i OAK, NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS, 3
—•' floors, each separate lor housekeeping; newly
paperei: painted: sauiury plumolng: fine loca-
tlon for renting rooms: cheap rent; go and see IU
OOSKS IO KENT Pull VEKY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A. ii., ililo.NU S. 10
s'^ntro»neri- «f
in..\;-iiiii HOUSES.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOM*: COVPLETELY FUR-
nished: $)U!>; rent 826 937 Mission st. ■
• .CO XT AUKS 'lv LX.T.
OCEAN^vT£w"c^TTA^"T^<oiIJMBT'ACnRE*
of eround; adapted 10 chicken ranch, violet
farm or dairy; reasonable. WM. MURPHY.
<2»7 AND 99— C )TTAG 3 AND 4
till I • liv rooms; good order: water free.. Apply
premises, 945 Bryant St., or UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st , .
OTTAGk; 4 ROOMS AND STABLE; 670
\J Walnurave.: i«*ni reasonable. MADISON <&
BURKE, 626 Market st
Modern bay.window COTTAGE; 5
roocjg and bath. 737 Treat aye. . -
MAKK YOUR R NT PA FOR A NEW COT-
lage In the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balaice month ■ K. M. LONG,
8207 T«entv-secnnd su : office mien evenings.
,; 1 LAI 'lv L*.X.-
ffi» 1 O FTA^F^F^TtOOMS~XND~BATH ; HOT
"Ipl^.. and cold water: gas. 2408 Harrtion st.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first. • • •■ ■':■-,
*)O PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH, %
*•.•' block from M arket— Lovely sunny upper
modern 6-room fiat; rent » 15, water free- .
fTPPER FLAT ROOMS: RKNT «10; WATER
vJ tree. Apply 51 Vi Geary st.
TV ICE FLAT; 8 MOOMS; SEPARATE YARD;
i-> *10. 672 Bryant, near Fifth. "
T.-IAT OF 8 BOOMS. 14 WHITE, BET. HYDE
J and Larkln, near Vallejo. .
CLAYTON, S. OF FREDERICK— ELE-
Oi — cant new modern flat; 5 rooms, bath; cheap.
£.1 7 OAK— UPPKR FLAT: 6 LARGE SUNNY
tJJL I rooms and bath; yard; cellar; reduced rent.
VIQ CHANCE TO INVESTORS OF MODEK-
J > ate means-, guaranteed. Add. C. K. C0.2.'l Davis
1 9/lU '-LAY ST.— FOR SMALL FAMILY,
X i."i» ' lower part of bouse: dry and sunny.
EALSK.N-S AND DIAMONDS; BIG BAR-
cains to be had in them at UNCLE liAEKlb',
15 Grant av v . - ■ - ' •
111NE VPPKR FLAT 4 ROOMS. BATH:
J; tiled sink; door-opener, etc; overlooking pri-
vate park ; on Twel f th au ; -0.
4 sunny rooms and bath; second floor; clean
and In good repair; on very attractive private
street $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye .off
Twelfth su
IN CON HILL FLAT— 6 ROOMS; BATH;
822 60: Including water, care of halls and en-
trance. 501 Harrison. .- . '
rpO RENT— FINE FURNISHED FLATS AND
J- cottages as cheap as unfurnished places. T.
LUBELSKL 7 City Hall avenue.
Jr»OR SALE— NICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF
-F 6 rooms; very cheap: 3 rooms pay rent; suit-
able for dressmaker. 614 1 Jones st. •
Cjl A FLAT OF 4 KOC-Ms; BATH AND
O-L~i' yard, 8b .Shot well, near Fourteenth.
71 f* NATOMA — FLAT, 4 BuOM^ $10;
111) water and ashes paid. '
I^LAT OF 3 KOi.MS. 16 ANTONIA ST., OFF
X Jones, bet. Ellis and O'FarreM.
PPER FLAT — TW . Nl Y-THIRD ANp
J Guerrero: sunny side: 7 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs, etc - .
rpO LET-MODERN SUNNY FLAT; & ROOMS;
X warm belt. 841 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
Ir<LAT— 3554 TWENTY-THInD. NR. GUER-
r reru; 4 room . bath, stationary tubs.
PPER SUNNY M DhRN t L T; 7 ROOMS
and bath. 1158 Go. den Gate aye.
T^LEOANT SUNNY TOP FLAT; 4 hOOMS,
J-i bath: all latest improvemen s. Key 713 Grove.
COUTH WE-T . COR.. FOLSOM AND THIR-
-0 teont'i sis. — nt per flats. 6 rooms and bath:
1 cottage, 6 rooms and bath, and stabV for 1 horse
and wagon; rent reasonable, Apoly MADISON <£
BURKE, 6-6 Market St.
L'L\"lS;4 AND 6 KOOMS: RENT 810, *12 AND
T ?13. 4595 KlghteentD su. near Haul-.
ill - GEARY — 4 UVFURMSED ROOMS
—1 O suitable for business. Key at 217 Geary su
CO I. AN.» fIS— BK.ST INCH V: 6 ROOMS;
«TT)± 1 bath anti gat. 606 « >-hotwel! St.
HEAP MODERN, FLATS, 6 AND 6 KOOMS,
yj «8 to $16; see them. s'J3a seven:h st.
WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
baih and gas; fine yatd: 812 and 814; water
free. 39 i8-89aO Nineteenth su, near JSoe; cheap-
est flats In the city. : :'-
L LAIS To «t.\T FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN oc HAMMOND'S, lo
j>!Ontgomerv Kt.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
D nited states or Canada one year for $1 50, post/-
ace free. ' : • . •
i.oi.M.h.i,Ll'lMi IiUUJw.
X.Ubli Street
QOrv BUSH— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
»'*_"/ rooms; bath; reasonable; housekeeping It
desired.
Castro Street.
4ft' CASTRO, BEAB-2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
'■ixJu unfurnished rooms; large yard: cheap.| |
-V.'V;.-. ■■■■; 1 uuy ttiexi.V' >
THE LEXINGTON, 212 EDDY — NEWLY
furnished housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites ■ ' -. . . '■"
Ul 7 EDDY— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
OX I sunny connecting housekeeping rooms;
good gas stove. . - y-^/
Eleventh Street.
mA ELEVENTH-2 Nr'WLY FURNISHED
connecting front parlors; housekeeping;
$3 50 week. ■ -■- . ' • .
£.1118 Street.
4>i a ELLIS — a parlor suite, with
Z.l\J kitchen. .
QQ») ELLIS (PA LMETTO ) — FURNISHED
fj_— housekeeping rooms; also suites and single.
:■'.'. k 11 th Street.
m FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUB-
JUI nishea rooms. ■ . . ■ .
aT7] SUNNY BEDROOM, KITCHKN, B\TH,
rjpO. water: no children: 1 rlvate. 314 Fifth st.
y O r FIFTH— FUR^IHH ED HOUoE-
ZO keeping: v, 810; 3, $13: single, 86.
.** iuit - . re. •
q-i »tj GEARY— B UNFURNISHED HOUSE*
jllj Keeping rooms. Key 217.
,» Harrison MMM,
/?fr r HARRISON, BIN CON HILL— I OR 2
POO sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
. oward >.reo.. v
I VOQa HOWABD— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
X 1 ZO rooms for housekeeping; good stove, large
closets, bath: $10 per month; In an American
family: no children; none but aobtr, quiet people
need apply. : ■" '
II it) HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
-11-iZ keeping rooms: range: water; $10 to BI A
Kc-urny street.
KEARNY, BUTTER— S ROOMS OR LESS;
gas and water free. Apply 15 Gram aye.
Ltaveuworili Kiie«t.
-1 rvi Q LEAVEN WORTH— 1 OR 1 BUNNY
IUIO unfurnished rms, housekplng: carpeted.
Locust Avenue.
•1 90 LOCCST AYE.— I OR 2 UNFURNISHED
■L^O rooms; suitable for housekeeping.
Mason - treet.
nn/; "MASON— 3 ELEGANT SUNNY FRONT
OZ.O housekeeping rooms: bath: references.
i.cAiiuirr .i.rco..
OO AI MCALLISTER - UN FUBNISHED
Zii-\J'& rooms for offices; furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single. . . ■
, ->. Him Mieo.. -
A Q MINNA— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
Utt %J rooms; light housekeeping; $8.
- .»inn • •«•.'.'--■'•
CkA n MISSION -FRONT BOOMS WITH
«7"x I kitchen; also other rooms. ;  ■ .
Montgomery Street.
q>q 3 furn ished housekeeping rms.;
JJ)O. separate emrt>nce. 1402 Montgomery st.
Oak Street. ■ .
aQ OAK— 2 SU NN V F ONT BOOMS; FIBBT
riO floor; dressmaking or millinery in exchange.
Sixteenth Street.
OfkO/? BIXTEKNTH— BUNNY* FURNISHED
OUZO roo .n for housekeeping; use of kitchen:
$9; others. $4 up. 1 >,
:..* • blevenson Street.
C Art STEVENSON, NEAR SIXTH— 2 OR 8
o''— sunny furnished or unfurnished rooms:
housekeeping; reasonable. '-. ': * '. " r
"■■•: tuner/ strew..
: ■ :;•>-> •. .— i > ■■. - - ' -- 4 -
7QO SUTTER ST., ML JONES — NICELY
:1 O4 furnished . housekeeping rooms; bath;
cheap.; ■ -.-i ■--.■—. ■■ ' , : - :/ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
BOPSEKEEPITTQ ROOMS - Continued.
'Iweiity-sixtli Rlietfi, . \f . .
O QR7 TWENTY-SIX H, NKAR MISSION'-
*JV\J I Desirable furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent. •,-, ; ... ■.-.--.■ . . - :
;*■;■ Sllscf llaueous.
T>REBENT YOUR GIRL WITH ONE OF I
X those beautiful 14-karat gold. American watch-
es; price $14; guaranteed by. UNCLE HABRI*.
15 t-.iant avp. ■*■ '-•-■ • -• -.-. :■■. ■■'■ .- ■-.
.'■ I.OOJi* 'lOjiJL*.'!-...
THB TtAMOWA. 130 ELLIS: MR*. KATR\"
1 IiAI'T. manager— A quiet house; rcntmlly lo-
rated; newly furnished: elevator: hot A cola wa>r.
■ *- .^iith : 1100.. : .
"I (\l EIGHTH— FOR RENT. 2 FURNISHED
JLV/2 rooms for light housekeeping.
QHEBMAN APABTMr.NT HOUSE. 28 BTH
0 st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. i
1 uimiiii »tree.. ':
BOH8 OH FOLSOM, NEAR FOUBTH-FURNISH-
ii-v/ ed single rooms, $1 per week. - ■» . •
lulton street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites; singles: transients. ■■»
Ueary Street.
OQ7 GEARY, COR. MA SON- ELEGANTLY
001 furnished rooms: reut reasonable.
A(\\ GEARY (THE NAVARRE)- ISH-
rIVJO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
ARTINETTI. 1101 GE > RY, BW. C R. VAN
i-'JI Ness— Suites atid singles; newly furnished.
uuHii.ii s. . to .
QO 1 HOWARD-FURNISHED ROOMS WITH
OZiI s:ov« In. $6 to 912 per month. " , ,"._
<)e»Hie ;treti£. . .
QAQ JESSIE. CORNER FOURTH— 2 FUR.
QUO nigh el rooms for man and wife or 2 gentle- '
men: $10 and $12 month: no Chi dr. n. ■ -
uuu«i !».r«o.. ; -
'9H7 JONES— THEIIVAN WINKLE: NEW
- \J I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; baih. etc.; $10 to
A.carnjr >tr«j»..
ARLINGTON BOUSE, 327 KEARNT —
-'» Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: nrst
c ?»— 111 > very respect: terms reasonaole. , '
Lkikin - roe..
QO7 I.ARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
Ki£di Furnished or onfurnish d rooms.
LA "KIN-SUN NY' FURNISHED ROOMS,
OUit 95 and $6 per month. _^
en worth Street.
Qfl f* XE AYE N WORTH — UNFURNI SHED
OV ' sunny room for housekeeping: furnished
parlor suite. , .• . .
7 I I LKAVEN WOFTH. NEAR POST— IWO
I XX sunny rooms, gentlemen: pleasant outlook.
Call on owner, 22 Geary St., room 36. •
yceEMIT?; JTOUPK. 1045 MARKET — PER
X night. »6c to »1 ■ week. * 1 60 to $5 famUlos. •
11 99 MARKET - ELY FURNISHED
x — *d suites. 95 wk; also turn single rooms. $2.
1 Q7<k market— UNFURNISHKD sunny
\.%J\\J front rooms; 1 suite carpeted; first floor.
Mason Street.
HO?: MASON — 2 SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
—**J rooms, suitable for 2 gents; 915; gas.
•>■'»>>. on - . re«..
f'99 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED
«J»J*. clean front room; prices reasonable.'
' 7»JQI MIBSIoN_FURNI-.Hr.D ROOM, 93
i. I i-O'Z a month: also front room cheap. ! •
t/'iatreil &u««u'
AC)r OTABRELL-2 FRONT PARLORS;
I*~U with side room connecting; light house-
keeping permitted. , . . .
l'uie Street,
CO] PINE— BOOMS, 95 UP; RUNNING WA-
U— . 1 ter. gas; sunny; quiet; gentlemen only.
1 twit street.
1 f)n \ POLK-FUBNISHED PARLOR.
J — *'«' suite or slng.e: uniurulsUed room with
kitchen. 7 - - •
f.etonrt Street.
TIC SECOND— NICK CLEAN ROOMS; 91 A
X I O week op: also basement rooms. •. ■
. .XiO - i •>«..
"I 9fJ SIXTH— (CHANGED HANDS) Nl' ELY
X— \> furnished front rooms; suites or single;
reasonable. ,
" pIEiiM..N ," COR. SIXTH AND MINN A —
X Nicely furnished sny rms: mod. conveniences.
.-.<- »«•!,-, ,,i 3t1»«..
£97 STEVENSON— 1 furnished room,
\J^ I 91 per week; private family. -■
7V/ll bTEVENSON, OFF NINTH— FUB-
•*-i 'i nished rooms, 95. • . - - ■
ui.«r -r»«»..
7rvO SUTTER (SAN REMT) — ELEGANT
I I/O newly furnished ronms, suit" or single.
Ml »_> SCITr R— FUR.nIsmED oil UN >UR-
»'IO nlsbt-d sunny room: hot, "cold water; closet
IAI 7 »IT»ER— UANDBO.MKLY FUBMSU-
XV/X 1 ed parlor floor, 8 rooms, for doctor or den-
tist; also furnished rooms, with or without board;
private family. '
1 1 1 I SUTTER— NICE. FURNISHED
1 111 rooms; suites and single; reasonable. :
liiy.or vree..
1 f\Q TAYLOR— NICE SUNNY ROOM; fl 50
x\J>i per week. . . .-.. -
"I 01 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN
XOI ny rooms: low rent. ■ .
. bIM -I . cc,
1 7 THIRD— NICFLY FURNISHED BOOMS;
X I quiet house; tourists a specially : transient.
* iii'a Strotf..
TURK-NICE SINGLE FRONT BOOM;
0*0) bat% and gas: «6. ...
iiibce! laneous. • V> ; l
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL DIAMOND SCREW
earrings: price 945, worth 9100. For Bale at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ayp.
BUAKUIAu AM» itOOJlji..
I/11l SAC i* AM EN TO— L AKG kTsUNn'y^aK
±^tl*± cove room, with bo»-rd: also otber rooms;
hot and co:d waver: private taml y.
I. MONTE, 6 il GEARY ST.. CoR. TAYLOR—
2 fine sunny suites with board- table first-
class; reference. J. E. tLINKKY, Manager.
AY-WINDOW ROOM: WITH OR WITHOUT
board, convenient to Hayes and Flllmore sts.
cars: private family. Address D M., box 126,
Call Ofhce.
SUiTER, 761, NEAR PLEABANTON— FOR.
niched room first-cias bOTd: private family;
use parlors; piano; bath: gin: $60 a couple. ■■
f\OQ **osT — 2 LARuE ROOMS); CHEAP;
\J£iU central: with board or without: private. ■
NICELY FURNISH. D FRONT ROOMS AND
boaid in private family. 619 Geary st. - -
74'_> PINE— ROOM. KXCELLENT BOARD
I "'-' $20 ) er month; sunny suite: reasonable.
CAW van ness.— NEWLY furnishki»«>un.
Ov/O ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OTi-. L BERTLI.NG, 714 HUSH ST.— A FaM-
hotel; references . given aud required: all
Dio-iprii rntiv<inli"'PM.
Muiii.i 'i%» LIST. '
7Tm)C^RTA^3Tia~^B^DETLKT«CA?TEN^
VT tionl — Fine business corner; rooms. Foisom
boulevard and Twenty-third st. .
STORK, TWKNI Y-l HIRD AND GUERRERO;
cement basement: built and suitab c tor druggist
• TORE, 3*62 TWENTY-THIRD &T.; FIX-
k tnres: 2 living-rooms, cellar, etc.
ARBKRS OR BUTCHERS, ATTENTION I
• > Large store on Hunt st.; P0 f t east Third;
cheap rent. NICOL, 534 V, California su
C|||| > STORE AT 321 Nv/E ST., NEAR MAR-
T LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
ba em nu 324 >'"* St. - ■
V- OFJTICJiS iv IKT.
Tu^R^sirK^^r^U^JFljßTriXu^Dj bTsT
r location; 860 Market at.. .\ E cor. Stockton;
sun all day; suite of 4 rooms, opening' In o each
other; well adapted for professional man; rent
reaso table. ' . " '
rUCES .FOR DOCTORS -OR DENTI Ts:
very elegant y furnls ofßoes:one entire floor;
offices en 8"! «». 001 -^nttir »t.. co . L* 1 :. venwor- h..
LEGAL^ NOIICI.-N. ; .
' : f^o cß^m'tb^L^EaT7^^ oV^'a-
i.l THAN DAVIDSON, dec^ated. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned. REBKCt'A E.
DAVIDSON, administratrix; of the estate of
NATHAN DAVIDSON, deceasea. to the cred-
itors of and all persons having claims against the
Kald deceased 10 exhibit th m. with the n. cc-sary
vouchers, thin four months atter the first pub-
lication of this notice, o the said . REi.KC.'A E.
DAVIDSON, .1 pia.eof residence, No. 664 Penn-
sylvania avenue, San Franciooo, Cal., the same be-
ing her place for the transaction of the busine s of
the a. id estate la the City ana County of sao Fran-
cisco, state of California.
BKBECCA-K. DAVIDSON, Administratrix of
the Esta eof NATHAN DAVIDSON Deceased. -
Dated at Sun Francisco, Nov.', 27, 1896.
l'ill!»XClA>'S.
D' 76. C. 6'DON NE LL, VMV\ MA X KET, COB*!
RoMen nat» ay. : rtls>-ase« of women ■■ specialty.
All kinds bought, sold, exchanged
rented .repaired; lowest rates. ; 2os Fourtasu
rpTißOf » t ■'
THEY WOOLEN AND COTTON YARN,
X table linen, lace curtains,' towels, hosier.', un-
derwear, c.irsettt, embroidery, laces, button-i, lln-
in--s. threads,' handkeroh ef.-i, veiling, etc.. very
cheap at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fltth st. . • ■
BOILS. BORES, BURNS, SCALDS, ETC., OF
any description and ;: from whatever cause,
j bea ed pr rraace.illy: no charge: camples free for
one noon h. Address or call, ha N BEN, 127 Sec
ond st., S. F. "; ':.- :' : :r^-\: ..-.,- «-. >-
AKTI. GTON'S SCHOOL. OF , MAUAZINE
X and Newspa-.tr Illustra lon. <!av and -evening
c asses; Instructors. J. H.E. Partin^tou, Gertrude
Purtington, R. L. P rtlngiOn. PariicuiarH 424 Pine.
1 ADIES' 1 AIRDRESSER— MRS. HUBBARD,
Xj moved 10 the Vendome, 1104 Market St.,
will be pleased to see her old patrons; bairdress-
Ing. 25c; hair coloring: tace treatment. •
DVIOE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clßlty, private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection-*, - wills, deeds, etc at-
;»>Ddedta G. W. HOWE.atty-at-law. HoOMarke'ti'^
UECMATISM Positively Cured; :
j XV ALSO NEURALGIA,
all nervous diseases, chronic catarrh and dys-
pepsia; patients -treated f successfully by mail;
Mil 11 expense : write for particulars; sunny rooms
and board if desired. D it. SMITH'S Hy ienic
Sanitarium. 1518 Buchanan st,; free consult* lon.
A RE YOU GETTING BALDT " ~ ~
-rt. My private remedy sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth In 30 days:eradlcator of dandruff
Test moniali ana circulars at 424 Folsom st i.ear
First. J. W. O'HOR'K. Kept by all druggists. .
EXPERTS, MY ARTISTS. EVERY ONE OF
th<m, and tn<-y do any kind of halrdress ng
lor 25c; strictly one price: switches $1: "Quino-
nia" hair tonic 35c a bottle. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton si. -■'--■
bTneta BRUXDAGE returned, chir-
■ opodist; corns cured. 14 Geary st., room 11.
C CONSULT, FREE. THE MEXICAN REMi-DY
i I'o.'a physician: positive cure neuralgia, k:d-
uey trouble, rheumatism. 204Vs Leaven worth st.
1 ■TT'LEGANT MASQUERADE COSTUMES AN-
XJ Dt.KSU.Vs. lvl Stockton st.: country orders.
WLll> CLEANED. PRESSED, 91: REPAIRS
! Odvelng dune. 26Montcomprv. r. 14; tel.red2374.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rluge; terms ot payment obliging; legal every-
here. Address loc« box F , 906 Market sU, 8. F.
1 (Win CARDS, $1 60. SHOW CARD-*, r.TC.
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
GO TO 609 THIRD; CHEAP PAINTINU,
' papering, whitening and plastering; estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
ffl; 1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WlL-
<j? 1 SON'S uallery. 1028 Market. ■
UPERFLUOLii HAIR PERMANENTLY RB.
moved by elect rolysls. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2116 Bosh, below Fillmore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th & Sa.
UTS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DI>KA ES OF
T women. DR. sPI I ZY. 413^ Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
JLt/.ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
1 THE PEOPLE'S UN is. DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur.
nished for 91: call or write. 1029 Vi MarKet at,
let. sixtti and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
AGNISCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chin ■; uses the kinetoscope films; price 5-5U
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
\\r atchkn DIAMUN. >, jewelry OF ALL
"' kinds ai reduced prices: mus: move; bonding
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: No PAY
nntll cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD A PORTr.KFIELD. 838 Market st.
CLOAKS, FURS AN i) SUITS RETAILED AT
I wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Bansome st. '
URNE'IT'S CORN CURE— SURE CLRr. tO.l
corns, bunions, warts: 26c. 327 Montgomery.
LL FACIAL BLEMI&Ur.S, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, mole*, freckles, scars, etc.. removed by
>.llte Electrolysis Co.. 226 TurK, nr. Leavenwortn.
blii OUTDOOR STr.RKUPTICON SHOW li V &■
ry night cor. Market and bixtb sts. ; artistic *1-
I wr.lMmfnt» in living light; promoters of bait-
I res*. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 114(1 Market n. ■
LECTKIO LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
XJ Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market
IVO rooms, 26c to 91 60 per night $1 60 to 96 pee
wee*; free bns and baggage to and from me terry
"1 IBKiIAI. AUVA.NCts O.\ iIAJdONJU3.jfI.vV-
J J *\rr. «»tp. : lowea-. rat«»». V4s Market nt.
U> GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIE-t'
nothing boorht. COLMAN. 41 *i cor. Je^i»
11.1.-vli.lUl.l. ■«.
MRS. AGNES KKLTER— FASHIONABLE
dressmaker; 514 Geary St., near Taylor; ftyl-
Ish dre.i-es from 94 op; latest style skirts, 91 60:
perfect fit guarant cd. " . • .- v ,
SUIT*. MAD*. F. OM »3 UP: SKIRTS 75c;
c«pe«. $1- fl runr«nt»-e<l. 659 "-t*>v«»n«on st,
"' 'Jb.I>UVATLUXAt.. \
R"~^oTS~LTEAMK^r~A^ TSoR OF -LIGUT-
line Shun, and." teacher of shorthand, type-
wilting, bookkeeping and languag. s, will 1 revive
pupils for private lnstrmtion d.iy ana evening;
ay- terns taught: Kam es, Isaac Pitman, Benn Pit-
man. Graham. Munson and Marsh; dictation for
speed. ' Room 70, Fiood building. ' '
HEALD'S BUSINESS oLLKUK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, tangu ..rs, Kugltsn branches,
e.ecirical c gliieeilng: -.0 teachers; 15,0. V gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. -
YRES. TliE LEADING. COLLEGE, 824
Montgomery St.; individual ln<t ruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapnv, etc :
Hie scholarship 950: 1 w rates - per Heck and mo.
E NG.NEEI.ING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELKU,
civil. . mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taught :es. 1864. A.VAN DERNAILL. N.7'.'o Mitt
L. OOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
!-» or year' course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Pnrrott Emporium building.
STIKHL»S SHORTHAND AND BUSINK^ii
College. 723 Market st : expenses less anl
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and night.
tLAXO'^ LYCEUM SCHOOL OK ACTINU—
> Private theatricals arraneed; pupils rehearts.l
<"* ilage. R. 6 and 12. 1. 0.0. F. bl<«.-k. 7th and Mkt
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
move.l to Do no lOeblJg.cor Ma ketATaylorsts.
I^OOKKPNG. WRITNG. ARITHMTC. OBAMR,
J->dav night: nocia«sei-; $5 month. 845 Mission.
V r IIiHTSCHOOL:HKAI.I>'.«>BUS.COLLEOE:24
•*■' Post ;commerclal,ahonhand,Kngllsh. low rales.
P~~ ROF. LOUIS MKRKI: VIOLIN. M .NDoLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonab c. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN. I'iANO AND VOCAL
\J lessons, 93 mo. Mary Westbaus. 39 Fifth.
INGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German languages 82 mo. 109Taylor,r7.
~T (VfcaKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-*V WF.EKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CLAIKVOIAM's.
RS. DR. f! CLARK. '■■■rr^jjjt
PERMANENTLY LrCATED
4.0 GEARY "1-REET.
The world's most famous medium of modern
times: if you are in doubt that *ne can and will
periorm all she claims feel yourseif Invited to
cail and she will give yon . more suLstantial proof
of her marvelous power than you have ever be-
fore received from mortal; don't fall to s c her
It you are Inure. 1 in ihe affairs of lite; If mar-
riage, kne»s. death's changes, traves. divor es,
separations, lawsuits, bmlness transactions, wl.ls,
deeds ana mortgagee, lost or stolen proper, lost
or absent triendi Interest you; if you care to know
what yon should do to be successful, where yon
shou d go und « horn to avoid, when to buy and
sell stock, a— ln a word, what ver may 1 c your
iron ble. suspicions or desires, call on this gifted
womai: and she Mill send you away happier, w'ser
and bolder th in ever before. Hours 9a. v. to 8
r. m. strict. Fee 91 and 92. . send stamp for illus-
trated circular with special terms. . .. .- ■
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 420 Geary st.
GITaNA, THK OIPSY Q KEN, 8 TURK ST.;
"■* truthful predictions: reliable advice; no mai-
ler what troubles you have, com*, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
ME. M.-H.MIDT,- CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
' past, present and * future; success to all . for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 836 Mission st. ■
EE THaT.EXCIUIMTE OPAL AND KlA-
mond cluster ring, price 935, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Giant aye. %
ME. RAY BENNETT. CLAIRVOYANT AND
mind-reader. 132 Post, rs. 10 and 11, 3d floor.
VI ME. HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD-RKAD •
J»l past, present and future: *Jsc. 1486th8t..r 5.
|ViME. RAVi-.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
. -I™ business advice; names given ; 25c up. 6 Fourth
\ I ME. FANNIE DAVIS, MAGNETIC HEAL-
i»I er and card-reader. Hoom 2, 122 Post st.
MX.M 'BL. WO*-DS,CLAiRVOYANT AND
card-reader. ■ 207 I ost, room 8.
ME. MO EAU. BE-sT FOR UNK-TKILKR
lit and medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEON A, CARD-RE v DER AND MAG-
netlc healer; pa lor 12, 865y 2 Market, 2d floor.
YPBY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
e-eventh su, nr. Market: ladles We; gents 60c.
ME. PEAR LUCKY, CARD-RE ADER AND
magnetic bea er: charms. ■ Room 2, 223 Post.
ME. WALTERS, THE CARD-BE A UER. RE-
turned: ladles, 25c; tents, 50c. 951 Mission.
ME. sYBlLi.r, I KLL-. FROM CKaDU TO
grave:pictures eiven:Udles 25c: hl4 O'Farrell.
v ' ME. GETTE— PRESENT. PA>T AND
* fo nr* l : 26c: one price. 811 Tehama Rt., nr.4ih
: ' tnuii tALiiJi.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
nm. re urned: life readings, lova affairs,' busi-
ness investments, mining speculations a specialty
838 Mission st. -, : . .; - :,
-\f R^. MAYO STKEBB,. 112V4 OAK: BEAD-
i'I lncn da.ly. $1: Orel- s, 25c: -an lay, ; Tuesday
»nd Friday, 8 o'clock; ladies' circle, Inurs. D p. m.
Ri! DUPR E E -• MO-T , WoNDEKFUL
trance ; medium - In - the world; sittl.igs aall'.
24 Turk su - : . - ', . ;:- ■*>': . . :.-:-.:.--,
ME. HAHN, SPIRITUAL TEST MEDIUM,
sittings,' 1 to 6F. M. , 1705 Markei st. ,
A.M. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT BLATK
. writer. llSHalghtsu; hours 9 until 9 p.m.
Vf Rs*. EI.LI-, Ali-.DIUM, hi I I lNns, 9ToB. $. ;
circles Tees.. Frl., 2 p. it., 26c. 1824 Market st
■:■ '■ BS.-.SHBI.N R. TRANCE MEDIUM: SIT
' tlnrsoai v. $1 ■ rlrrle ""Uii. pro nil Van n>m
;..,; -...:• ;. ... ASTKOLUOI. .ti^r .-^.v f,
A' % ~ST^rAlT^E^R^^Ro¥.lioiLM^TT^lT' IT71 T7r t
roo»s 12-13; horoscopes; questions; advice.
CITY RKAL ESTATE.
• ■ U&A.L. iOSTATB AND LAND AGENT, -
. 824 MONTGOMERY -
1 r^T! SA..*-. * ' ."
fSPOn— vs. *m» of Stanyan st.. bet. Cart and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
Mso— Carlos Villa lot-. 100x150 feet. ■
• 96700— 30x1 27 :ti feet oa Jackson st, overlook-
ire the Presidio and bay." ' ■ ■ ■ ;
-.4*ooo— ■£ modern ' houses 'of • 8 -rooms each, at
park: 26x137 :o teei: • electric road passes nouses;
make offer.' • v : : . ' v
f 8600— Elegant KW. corner of Cole anil Carl sts,
*isl«i— Choicn building lots north of Dark.
■Bargain— SW. cor. Klfih ay. and 1: 5... 109x95 ft.
SEE 1 HOSE BEAUTIFUL DIAMOND RINGS,
studs, pins and earrings that can be buusht fur
less than half store prices at UNCLE HARiU.V,
15 Grant aye. ■ . . . • -
/CHOICE RICHMOND LOT; CHEAP; 22D
\J aye., near California. , J>H. ORADY. lh Post.
JUST COMPLETED— .. .
Cboice modern bay-window cotta?e on the SW,
cor. of 22 and (Sanchez sis. For terms, etc., apply
otTOBIN & McNALLY. 630 Market st» -
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSKS BUILT;
$lSOto 9275 a room; parties contemplating
building InvlteJ to call an. I st-epians. 114» Mission.
C: 1 lU\(\ COTTA E 3- ROOMS In Kt.it-
ifrl\J\J\J. keley: lot 40x1 »0: fib monthly.
(1000— Corner 100x100; (50 down: 915 monthly
*400— Lot 40x12u; down: $-5 monthly.
*.iIHJ— Half acre hill land 410 monthly
CHAS. A.-BAI'BY-a) M»n tn'm»rr M.
COUNTRY. KEAL ESTATE.
OB SALE OB EXCHANGE— HOMES AND
vineyards in Sonoma County. R. HILL, Wind-
sor, CaL
1 A X RATI.OLII HEAVY CASE HOWARD
1 -1 winder watch for $50 ai UNCLE BAR.
BIS', 15 Grant aye. \ : ■ ■- ■
rro lkase— ACRES GOOD LEVEL land,
X Woodside, our miles from dwood City: new
house. . Apply L. AI.TsCHUL. 320 Clay, a F.
ALE OR EXCH A A GE— BELMO.s T LOIS 50x
'.00: near btatlon- 2 * frontages; fruit trees,
water, electric lights; half hour from miii Fran-
cisco; tnsv payments. ' M. C. BR"P..Y, lu7 10th.
VKBY DKSI .ABLK LITTLE HOME OP 18
1 acres; one mile from town: house of 7 rooms
barn and fruit house: 000 French prunes; 100
trees of family orchard: 100 White Adriatic figs:
6 acres To»ay crap •»; all in bearing: A i cree<
bottumsoll: some personal property; $3200; easy
terms D. 11. TWIN/i, Sonoma, 1 al. -
OQ ACRE OIiCHARD; HIGHLY IMPROVED;
"<-O splendid buildings and equipments: make an
offer. W. H. Cwi.k, Newark.
ARIN CO. ; 3000 acres; 26 miies from city;
lots any size: fruit, grain,. vegetable land; rail
or water transit; 940 to $."6 per acre: erm< to
suit SYNDICATE IN V'T CO ,65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND CO •! PAN V IS SKLLINO
Xi- the cheapest fruit, vejsetublc and grain land
ever offered in Aiameda County In small true 1
mile from Pleasanton, 11/2 hours from San Fran-
cisco; price SMO to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must se 1 title perfect; investigate. i>7 Ciiroui-
cie building. ' --
ENl> FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
0 pamphlet of Calltornla lands, for sale by H.
FRANCIS, rooms 69-70-71, enrontele building,
San Francisco. CaL
I 11TLE HOMES. CLOSE T. > TOWN. JM- ;
J-i proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H.-TWING, Souoom
City: every Monday a; 632 Muron St.. S. I-'.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
rV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
l'KOi^lvtt'A'x' 'lw. LA.LllA.\ut.
07-ACRE RANCH, 6ANTa"cRUZ^oT]7^3,SOO
At 30-acrv rancn near San Jose, 6.000
8-r< om house and lot San Jose :.. 3 500
900-a re ranch In Sana Clara Co 4'>,ot)o
8-roora house in Belmont, San Ma ea C 0... 3,000
20 houses in Oakland from $500 to 8 000
15 houses in Berke.ey from S'JOi) to 10.0U0
I HAVE LL KINDS OK PROPERTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFKEB?
H. C. DECKER, 10.0 Market St., opp. Fifth.
\* ' ILL EXCHANGE LOIS FOR HOR>E AND
•• phaeton, luriiitun- nnd carpels, or a clear
ranch. Address F. BOEGLE, Golden Gate, Cal.
LOR good Ranch, contra COSTA
1 County preferred, 2 double flats, lot 50x125,
w. 11 located in Oakland; tents $50 per m-.nth;
v«lue i 6000. ban mortgage t2BOO. WM. J. UIN-
GE. ,460 r igbth St., Oakland. .' . ■■■ .-
\\r ANTED— IMPROVED PROPKRTY.JN SAN
■' Francisco. oakl.tnd, Berkeley or Alameuato
exchange for fine building lots in a fine growing
sect on: will assume mortgage. 468 Ninth si.,
Oakland.
UNDERWi OD «t Co., 765 MARKf-.T ST., CAN
exchange your property: try them.
CEND ton OUR Li»l OK ORCHARD HOMES
C? for sale. WoQSTEit & WHIT TON. Sun Jose.
ri^lMßKß— liBo ACRnS; KERN O. : PLENTY
J WHier: excellent b or< mn '1. N. tio.t IK. «•■<!.
; iiOAfil iv AN. :
t»nn (\(\(\ TO L« ) aTT^B^ per cent;
. \J\J.\'\J\J city realty, also Oakland: bank
rates; life Insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBBE & Co., 218 Montgomery st.
ADVA CES » N D A. MONIES] WATCHES,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: h.w.s: rates. B LDWIX , JEWELRY
bTOItE, 948 Market St.; open evenings. '
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undlvlcte 1 intt-rt-ats, real estate In pro-
bate; fur lture and pianos without removal.
McCOLSAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3. '" '
ftOfl (\IU\ IO WAN IN SUMS TO SUIT ON
iSPZ,\f.\J\J\J city real estate. M, B. LEVY, 11
Montgomery st. ; , _ , 
QLliFi ||n M TRUST AT 6% ON REALES-
«U- yJ*J.M\J\J tate 2d mortgage, on pianos <t furnl-
tnre; no attorney's fee. ISAACS. 240 M on gomery.
VIONr.Y LOANED .ON JEWELRY AND
■i'l other valuables a the Security Loan Office,
3L,nr.Mason;prlvate entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
no removal: no delays:' no commissions: low
Intereit. Ha, 68. I ouohu" b dg. 1170 Market si.
A LWAY.-S UN TuP FOR LIBERAL, Al>-
n vaiices at ow Interest; call end be co-ivlnced.
Cot-rate Loan Office, rm. 7. Flood bide, 809 Market
<3i*Wvl)fMl AT -BANK KATE -; IST ASI)
iptJ±dO.\J\J\J 2d morteaces. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as f 50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
DV \NCE> ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY.KTO
Columbia Loan & < ol lateral Office, 9 1 rant aye.
PRIVATE P »KTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security: low interest. N., box 18, Call Office.
ANY AMOUNT; LOWEST HATE; IST &2D
T\ montage: flat or installment. Drrden. 635 CaL,
lA»>m;uhi,Ks,
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFK
clothing, « o°n opo liwn ' n»n iiftir . 49 T>>lnl.
ii-NA-NCUU ~7
©1 (U\ l\(\i\ to LOAN AS LOW as bank*.
Jrl^l'." l1 ' 1 Autv rm '>"'>. ■ «•» ■■pp. H' \<z.
J.ISitAL l.Mii.uii..<n.
A GAIN WE CALL' ATTENTION TO THK
XV fart that we art* 1 selling toned second-
band plnaos for *3, $4 and f5 per ;'t»-anti-
fnl new uprigh s for $6, $7. (8, 99 and 91 0 per.
month; no cash pa meut required larger than the
above amounts:, all purchasers of upright piano*
from us have the privilege of exchaneln ssme for
a bteinway any time -within 3 years from date
wi.hout sacrifice. SHKRMvX, CLAY & 10,'
representatives of Steinway & Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Suiter .sts.. S. 11 Francisco; also Oak-
land. CaL; Portland, Or.: Seattle. Wash.
BsoLUTKLY THE OLD. -STAND L.A BGEST
house west of 1 hicaco is KOHLER &
ASKS, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical' instruments, of all
grades and prices ; terms e<sy; prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ . :
CiUALLY THtfi, 81-ST BARGAINS IN P[-
anos; see our Ist tor this week; piano; on fi
94, «6, 96. 97. 98, 99, $10, 915, $20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In Use . city and kept tuned- by ex- ,
pert concert tuners. * The F. W. SPEiSUEu CO. ■
salesrooms 9SS Market si., opp. Mason. ■
AIN 1 8 BROS., BUSH ; i GERT.S AND
Knahe pianos: ge i our prices: good second-
band uprights, 9l2s: organs, 935. WM. C. HAMIL-
TON, succesior A. L. BANCROFT &C>.. 324 Post
OTICE 10 DRUM CORPS— TnIN SNARE
-Li heads for sale at very low 1 rues: factory s\V.
cor. ~ 1 wen ty-fourth and Rhode - island - bts. ; ■ P.
STOLBEIIG. - -y •-."■■■
PIANOS SOLD, RENTED, . TUNED, RE-
pHlred, polishes, shipped and stored for -lower
rains than Iny other firm In the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st- . ■ .-...■ . ■ - '\
KAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
Jl> just received and.fnr sale cheap. Z. MAU-
VAIS Music C-mpan -, 769 Market st. ■-
GOOD • UPRIGHT, Ci.KAr: - ÜBr.AT. BAR-
-1 train. .. SCHMITZ, 16 Me. 1 Ulster, next Hiber-
nia Bank. .. ...■■--.■ -■ ;
VINE UPRIGHT PIANO, 9120; COS I $400.
I Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye. .-.' • ■; -
TEINWAY BACRIfTUED: A GRAND IN-
O strument. Room 12, Flood build inc. • -.
W ANTED. . FOR CASH, 5 • SECOND-HAND
VT uprights. BRL'ENN. 228 Post St. ' .
MAGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
irl schubert: liille used; sacrifice 1019 Van Ness
\\f G. BADGER. SO. A ENT HALLET
W l .<t Davisand Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacto.
YBON MAIZY, 308 P- ST ST.— -OHMEK,
Newby & vans. Briggs and other pianos.'
SUPERIOR VIOI.INS.ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
O H. MULLErt. maker, repairer, iiu ham place.
LEG ANT EMI-.RSON, FIR-«T-rLASd CON-
XJ d.tion. Ac sacrifice. K. W.L CX.I 16 McAllister
tTTne upright PIANO, *110; square, $30.
X STATHAM A CO.. IU6 Me lister si. >■' . .- i
DOLLAR A WkjlK O\" RB\T CONTRACT
buys new piano. -^lstfE'lls st.r- .
'■- , ;..,_; v '.;-^'.;;^.SXOKA.OiS.i^';. . .■ .'. ..,■'...-
Q TO^RTGE^HTAi^E^FIirTH^CITYrFiRE^
O proof build, advances made. 2.1 Larkin...'
L'L'RNrrURK'f PIANOS. TRUNK": ■;■ at)-
-f V»nrt-i. snipping* HAS. r»:i A YL<>t:.'Jl» -')<-.
PHUXOtiKAI'UIiKS SUPPLIES. rU .-y
■doijght" y "Juii '■': ca m e h 'a* th c lat"-
JL> eit at 124 Geary sc :•■ Ca-llornla Camera Co. : .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
: OFFICE— oO» h ROAD WAY.
OAKLAND REAL ATE.
G>r7£. LOTS AND UPWABD; BUY NOW
*$) I *.) when you can; ' but few lots left In tha
Allendale tract, situate in Kruitvale, adjololn;
I ast Oakland; this is the only choice property
now being offered in this tate at sue. low prices;
near a fine school: = two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go t-rougo this tract:- grand
view: rare site for. a home; drain*** perfect:
street all, graded; some, macadamized; Homes
now here and others being built; i.rnn, $5° caiti,
4 5 monthly. 46S Ninth &i., Oakland. U. Z.
JoNES, owner.
tTO! FOR FlTCH BLttiil'
AO-DAY TAKf. YOUK FAMfI.Y AND
iBIENDS OUT ON thk fitch-
• " iJUBO, san LEANDBO AND - V
hay wards local.
. Fee Son'.hprn ' Paciflc Time-Cart. ■
THE FIKBT IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FBUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST i SUBURBAN TRAIN ON v
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND i RAINS FROM FERRY,
.: iOOT OF MARKET STREET, TU
•fcITCHBURO STATION LS
FORTY-FIVE mm v r
AK»me«iJS Berkeley and -Prultvale trains «>n?p<l
by the Fitcbburg . scorcher. . Hay war Xs electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of Ilf<» and -want .0 get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, couiemed aud proaperoiu In *"Uca-
burg.
Fltchbnr? ts the most promising unntirh on tn 1 *
olrect line of up-to-date public and private Im-
rrovements In Ihe vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. .Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels 03
( ak.ana harbor, and the excellent county road j
leading to It., are incon estible proof*. It Is res; i-
larly laid out into blocks and .ois bounded b • wUa
Ktrceu, graded and graveled, and ornamented wua
t\euuo trees, cypress hedges and evergreen irovtu.
NO»V Is THE TIME TO BUY.
For a hom4 while cheap: for speculation on ■*
rising market: for a lorn be hrst for Investment
now, and hold on. -. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvement) to make. .Water supply from 4
compares at your doors.' Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates ana on easier payments than
can be bought in many of, ilia iuc-t,iw> Vacuul
an Inacressib.e baytield.
Lots 25 and 60 leet front, by 100 to 200 feet <le»p
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per,
cent cash; deferred payments in easy uuiailniouu:
vile perfect. . . - ■ • : -
W. F. McCLURK. 3" Montcomeryst, S. if.
1 HAD. S. FITCH. Fit* hours.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENrS
AIiAMEDA KKAL ESTATE.
..  -jyjjwrjvVwjj^vr., ,r, ,
investment of a small OPPORTUNITY FOR
investment of a small capital iv Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new b-room cottages In a first -class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block of business street and eleculc
railway: artesian well; gas-engine an I mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A. K. DEN KE, 1503
i-eveinh at . Ali'me'la. Cat. '
/ bLxvtviin.l . ftJ&AjL- t.»TAI£. ,
©]7^n THE BARGAIN SEA-
(tip I 4 O\J. son; nouse of 6 rooms; large lot:
stable, chicken-house: street work done; near sta-
ll..n Jos. J. M ■ -ON. Berkeley g; at on.
.'.1.1H1.1i..
ABiTEtislNTi TO LXiTIEX~^UFFERTNS
from and diseases peculiar to their sex:
latest Improved method of treatment ; never
falls; perfectly harmless: free lrom' any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them
well; travelers helped imme liateiy; : prices to suit
the times: home In cobtinement. DX. & MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister su. next Hibernla Bank:
consult fr-e: French regulating pink pills, $J;
'hours from 9a.K.:05 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. M. .. • ■
PROCESS THAT NEVER tAILs TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
I whatever cause in ' a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advlca free: teims reasonable; firsi-ciass priva
home for confinement. MRS. D . DALEY, 1128
Market St., over the Owl Dm? store.
DR. FOUI.ET'S" ~T ttBNC CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma ter whet cause)- positively safe and
sure: no (Jang r or after effects: taken in time it
a. so acts as a preventive:' price 91 60 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
NEW PK.jCi- .«->— NO MEDICINE, NsTßU-
ment or worthless p. Us used; cv ry woman
herown physic an for al female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day; can
be sent and used at bense; al cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPERand MRS. DRS. NAIL, b!8 Kearny.
RS. GOODWIN, SPr.CIALI.-T: LALIIES,
near or far. safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
di eos- or complaint: home for patients: best
skill: free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister
LPKAI 'S FRENCH P'LLS— A BOON TO
-T\. li dies with female troubles: no danger: safe
and sure. 92 50 . xpiess C. o D ; don't delay until
to late. OSG'OD BROS., Oakland. Cal.
A SURE lUkii. For ALu, F..MALK Dis-
eases, from whatever came: Home confine-
men: : every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Turk su
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DA. JoKDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 yean'
successful practice is a gup.ranteeof fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satlsfae orily by mall. . -
DU PRAK'- FEMALE RKUULATINU PILLS;
safe and efficient emmena. o?ue: 91 per box.
RICHARDS <fcCO.,droggists, 406 Clay st.,sole
C? Xl \l JfA ID FOR A CASE 1 AI LTO CU RE OF
«J)UWUfe:uaie complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, 513 Jones 8'-
ETROPOLITAN . . DISPENSAKY, , 1073 V,
Market St.; 20 years' experience in nervous
aad sexual diseases: both sexes: consultation free.
RS. D.. BARTON, DOCTK ESS: MASSAGE
and medical treatments. 808 Howard st , S. F.
OME, A *RIE..D ! AND MOTHER'S CARE.
XI MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Mghth sU, Aiameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR AN V FEMALE Dl -EASE
ate MRS. DR. PUKTZ and becontent. 1!&4V 3 4lh.
1 |R. HALL, 14 McALUSIER STREET. Nt.Ait
It Jones. Diseases of women and children.
MRS." DKB. Donovan, 1306 folsom ST.;
m confinement: terms reasonable. ' ■•- - ■
.. ' _ - dentists. ..  .
Chalfant a CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\Jfi Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a specialty.
I ,R. U T. CRANZ— ACTION PAINLESS;
-L/ crown work, bridge w or*, and teeih without
plates a specialty. 836 sutler, NX. cor. Stockton.
C*7 FULL Sl-.T OH' ihiTH WORTH $16:
«iP I . warranted 6 yrers: extraction free: fillings
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
LULL SET OF IEETri, 87, WARRANTED;
X filling 60c, crowns $3. DR. BROWN, ai^ 3d.
OLIO.\ Dr..- j aL AM'-OCI-. iION, 806 MAR-
ket St. DR. CHARLEs W. DECKEK.
Da. E. W. PRATT— ON ALUMINUM
llatea same price as rubber. 14 Giant aye.
C«7 A SET FOR Tr.EIH-WA BANTED AS
yl good as can be made; filling $1 DR. MilMs,
gentlst. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLEMS XTUACIIO.s, 50c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates f5 up: 13 year*'
experience. II L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 816% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
Eleventh; no charge for . extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c : gas given. ..
V-ET Or TEEIH -WITHOUT A PLAIE. DR.
OH. G. Young, 1841 Polk su ■:■,.....
1 UI.J.J.L^n. .MAKK EX. COX. IioLUEN
XJ Gate aye.; O|ien evenini»; sundays till noon,
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. ,769 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, tl: plates. $5 up: fill. 81 up.
DR. UKO-HiiE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek demist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o* FarrelUt.
A LL WOKK TO SUITT.MES;WARRANTEU
XV DR. RE A, 1870 Market St.. front City HalL -
LL WORK KEASONABLK AND WAR-
ranted. PR J>.A\..KKY llj'i yarkrtst.u
BICYCLKS. ' % ' ' '.:-'■•
U"~ANTED^TO^ EXcTHA^Gin
luckft to exchan~»- fir a bicycle.- 19 ■' a<on'st.
• -w«a b.tLu — jiiak.l^i.LAJt.Uls,
rffIIOBbUGHBREIi. FREoli, BOUND JERSEY
X cow. suitable for family. 143 Bartlett st.
IGUEST PRICE paid gents' 2d HAND
ciothlng ana dresses.- FABIAN, 1020 Fo s m.
E^- THAT NEW' SEALSKIN JACKET;
0 price glOu.cost $200. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
UY YOUR RATTAN CHAIRS, ROCKERS,
tables, stands, c a, at the factory and save re-
t .Hers profit; | see our holiday goo llt coats nota-
ing. Calif irnia Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
0 BUILDINGB FOR SALE, TO BE REMOVED.
a. Apply to J. F. HILLS, Bi3.Su-cktOii sU
LOR SALE— AT 213 VhTksBURG ST.. FRESH
X family cow. . . ' -,;.... J --:. :  ;'.-,...
1 ADIES HAIR PA KLOB; GOOD LOCATION;
good trade: must -oil ; bargain; ■on ncr going
aouth. L. H.. box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
RATIONAL CASH ■• KE I -TEB, GOOD OR-
li der; also Urge folding-door safe. 8 -Mission ■:.
8 >BSE, , SaCOND-H vND G A SOLI <-; . EN-
glne.' .\ 1 for mine. X., box 22, Call Office. . ;
!_, .HORSEPOWER OT'IO HAS EN. .INK, SEC-
- ond-hand: in perfect order: for sale cheap; can
be seen runtrn -at 607 Market st. *- ; . :
C^o^••^ cc MILL. WALKS, - LETTER PRESS,
) stand deg<, money tl I, safe; cheap.. 102 Clay.
\| ON ARCH BLUE FLAME HEATKRS ARK
1»X the b. sU W. 8. RAY MFU. C ■ 12 California
. ABS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHELV-
' ,- Ing, etc., 1 ought and wold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
OJLER->,ENUINES,iD-H A MACHINERY
water-pipes. . Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beaie.
NE SMALL Mr.L/iUM AND LAKOE-SIZE
. , fire and burglar proof safe. 103-111 Market is,
- ■ ■ .- - - ■ - — » — ■- ■ ■ «~ • ' -■
. • ■ ■ ' . ■ - :>■■<■ ?C~ I
HORSES. _
At\ HOUSED FOR fc-ALE; ALSO WAGON**, . .'■
*i\J boggles,' carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor«
Market, 327 Blx.h St. ; auction sales every WeOiia*.
toy. SULLIVAN t\c DOYLE. Auctioneers. "-■'.
1 1 •H X EMPORIUM s>AJ>f.a V A KUS, 2JU VA-
-1 lencta su, is the place 10 go It you want to buy.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or ha*.
n«sa: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
Ijjll b>.T NEW AND - M>UU\ iyitA'.M> HA it-
O\J\r ness; all kinds: waeon, carts, surrey
« rockawav; 40 cheap ■ hors*"». I'ith ami Valencia.
"1 t/ »\ bid's ,N VV AN i) MX'OA'i) HAND At*.
X*J\J ness, all kinds; wagons, toggles, eurroyi,
rockawavs. carts: mnjt le sold. liXB Mission a ■
If INK BUSINESS HORSE— YOUNG. SOUND,
stylish, gentle; bar am. 14i Bar. leu su
L LECIRIC HORSE-CLIPPING; CALLEDFOR
X ■ and return.-d. 640 V-.lenc a: lei. Mission. 227.
FLU Ht-..\ •• DRtV ,a..li Wo.v .HOKSi-.o;
O\'\' >■■■■■■ '--ill in 70' :^, S- -i Hnw-'H v-
''AUOJj A.ND- tAl^ilAU£a.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS',
■a.l dry, milk and grocery wagons: i. also rockaway
and 2 fine bugg'e^. 828 Harrison st.
GOOD SE»OND-HAND LIGHT KXPRESS:
I new platform: lannlr.; cheap. 414 Broadway.
5-ULA>SLANDaU HACK. IN PRIVA i E USE
1 year, at WAI COM BROS., 217 Kills
LATtSI S>iiXFi*lN,i IXci.ktvltMUKi,
Alov<-inen--M of Trans- tlant o Steamer*
HAMBURG— Arrived out Nov 27— S.mr Phoe-
nicia. 1 .-.,.. - : . . ... ■ ,
i.KXOA- Arrive! out Nov — ?--n- Ems.
NAPLES— sailed Nov 27— Stmr Fulda, lor New
York.
HKT^—MAIIIiIAOES— MJATfIS.
rßlrth, Biarr'ace and death notices sent by mil;
will not be Inserted. They mus be handed In a*
either of the publication offices and beinlonsl
wltatUe name and residence of persons authorize
to Lave the tullie published. J
ISORX.
BAKAR— In Oakland. November 25, 1393, to the
wife of Peter BaK«r. twin sons.
hakkui:d,
BLEAKLEY— ROSS-In this l:y. November 26, ■
1896, at he First United Presbyterian Church,
by th» Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. Robert Blea^ley
01 Berkeley and Maggie Ross of I San r'raucUco.
BLOCK— UILB ART— In this civ.-. November 26,
1894 by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick D.
Block and Alice Gilbert.
DINCKLEY— GABRIELSON— In this city, No-
vemoer 2-5, 1898. by the Rev. Dr E. p. Dllle.
Charles 'D. Dlnckley and Augusta Gabrlelson,
- both of San Francisco. -
FISH— SMITH— In this city, November 25, 1893,
' at the home of Mrs. David Hunter, aunt of the
bride, oeorge L. Fish of Oakland and Maage 11.
smith.
GERXRF.ICH-TERRY— In Oakland, November
2i, 1896, by the Rev. J. H. Theis3, William
Frederick Paul Gernreich and ; J.za. Elizabeth
Terry.
HENRY— FISHER— In this city, November 26,
1896, by the Rev. Floyd Mynard, George J.
Henry Jr. and Clarls^e A. Fisher.
KILDBERG— COOPER-In this city, November
23, 1-nj. -by the Rev. -S. H. .Madsen, Ole <_'. E.
Klldberg and Mary C. Co j per, botu 01 Vallejo.
PETERMANN— STREHL— InAhi3 city, Novem-
ber 25, 183 by the Rev. J. W. Buehier, Henry
Pdiermann and Amelia C S.rehl. . , ■ ■
PETERS— DAVIS— In Oakland. November 25.
1896, J. A. Pdivrsot San Francisco and Gertrude
ii. Davis of Oakland. ■
SMITH— TOWER— in this city. November 28,
1895, by the Rev. Dr. E. U. Dllle, Walter R.
Smltn and Agnes F. Tower, both of san Fran-
cisco. . . ;- - .
i>i.x;x>.
Ahir. Annie ' Lawrence, John O.
Bixby, Martha _ McCoy, Mrs. Mary J.
Bloomer, John G. , Morrill, Simon S.
Clifford, Johanna o'Kan >, Micnael
Copeiand, Alexander Petroff. Ivan ■ \" :•;-
Dunlevy, James. . Pinto, Jacob . ;
Fled.er. Frank somers, Hu*h
Ga.es. Mrs. Mary E. . -Slerrhtt, (>eo;ge W.
Gieselman. Henry ■ Tomliu, George W.
.Harris, Jonn L. Walker, Robert; S. j
AHLF— Tn this city, November 23, 1893, Annie,
beloved daughter of Henry and Margaret Ahlf.
a native of aouin'ban Francisco, aged 9 months
and 10 days...-- ■ . ■ :
JB9*-friends and acqnatntances an respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
1 (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock .p. v., from the
residence of her parents. Sixth avenue and X
street. South San Francisco. Interment -L O.
O. F. Cemetery. .
BIXBY-ln Oakland, November 27, 1898, Martha
Bixby, relict of tne ia:e Levi R. Blxb/, mother
01 Lcvi S. Bi 1 by, and sister of Benjamin .Ma toon,
a native of Newcastle, N. 11., aged 79 yean and
2 months.
afS"Jriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. at
the Firs Free Baptist Church. Twenty-first
street, between Brusa street and San PabiO ave-
nue. Oakland. Interment private.
BLOOMER— In this or v. at his residence. 6"0
Page street, John Godfrey Bioomer, husband of
K. Autrusta Bloomer, and father of Augusta A.
Bloomer, a native of Wurtemberg, Uorui.ni.*.
O9~Frlends ana aoualntanCM are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 'i o'clock p. m.. fiom the Masonic J
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King -o.umoj's Lodge No.
. '.'OO F. and. A. M. Iniermen; pr.v^ie.
COPKLAND— In this city, November 27, IS9'S,
Alexander, beloved husband of Lizzie Copeland,
and father of William. Aibart aud John Cope-
land, a native of Aberdeen, Scotland, aged *2
. year*. an I 4 months. ■ •. .
i^- Friend and arauaintances am respect-
' fnl'.y Invited 10 attend the funeral TO- MO It ROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
t dence ■ 18'J states at eel, off Castro, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. '
CLIFFORD— In this city. November 26. 1896.
Johanna Clifford, a native in Ireland, aged 66 '
years. /. ' - '-■■.■•' . ■■ :
DUNLEVY— In this city, November 26, 1893.
James Dun evy, beloved husband of Johanna
Dunlevy. and father of . Jatnei, Frank, Tnomas,
May and Kitty Dunlevy, Mrs. William M off at,
Mrs. S. Holland and the late Mrs. James F.
Kelly, a native of Scotland, a<»i 52 years.
FIEDLER— In the City and-. County .Hospital.
November *6, 1890, Frank ' Fiedler, aged 23
years. • , -, • . .., . • ...■.- ■ ..
GATES— In Los Angeles, November 25, 1896,
Mrs. Mary E. Gates, a native of San Jose, a^ed
36 1 ears. •
Funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 2-
o'clock p. ii., from ih<* residence of her mother. .
* Mrs. James A. Clay to 1, San Jose. Friends and
acquaintances are invited. " i
GIESELMAN— In this city, November 25, 1898,
I Henry Gieselman, & native of Germany, aged 53
years.
HAhRIS-In this city. November 26, 1896,
Jonn Louis Harris, beloved husband of Nannie
M. Harris, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 40
years 1 month and 20 days. - • - , \
LAWRENCE— In the Otcr ana Count* Hospital,
November 27, 18.) j, John G. Lawrence, aged 52
years.
McCOY— In this city, November 27. 1893, Mrs.
Mary J. McCoy, aged 76 years.
MORRILL— In Berkeley,' November 21, 1893.
slmon S., beloved husband of Lena Morrill. and
father of Fred, Ra-moad, Simon and Annie
J Morrill and Mrs. Charles Aubry, a native of New
Hampihlre, aged ol years 11 months and 10 -
days. ■. • ' . .
O'KANE— In this city. November 27. 1893.
-Michael, beloved husband of Mary Ann O'Kane, "
and lather of Annie. Eddy and Michael Joseph.
O'Kane, a native 01 County Derry, Ireland, a^ed
47 years. I
£3~Frlend3 and acquaintances nr* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:iS0 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence. 401 Harrison street, corner Vremont,'
thence tab*. Brendan's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated or tii* repose or his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. lutermenc t
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
PETROFF— In Philadelphia, November 21, IS9<s,
Iva.i Petroff. beloved husband . of Emma F.
- Petroff, and father of Olga' Peiroff, a native of
Russia, a i • i 5 i years. . "
PINTO— thi* city, November 27, 1835, Jacob
Pluto, a native of New York, ageu 60 years 10
months and 1 day.. ■ .■ . •■,.-.
BOMERS— In this city. November 2». 1898, Hugh
• homers, aged 6tf years. -
ST. MARY'S C T. A. AND B. ASSOCIATION—
Officers and members or St. Mary's C. P. A. and B*
Association' are requested 10 meet at 544 Castro
stre«4 THIS DAY (Sa:urday). at 8 o'clock a. m.
I to attend the tuneral or our Ist) bro.her mem
- ber. Hugh somers. ay order of *
. •. • E. LEONARD, President. \
, J. J. Kessedy, Secretary. '
BTERRE.T— In i,hts city, - November 26, : 1896,
ueor/e W. Sterrett, aged 62 years.
.. Friends and acquaintances ara respect
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral Tills ju
(Saturday), at 'i o'clock p. m., from the par- -
lon vi Hn.Bted & Co.; 94U .Mission inn. -
TOM LIN — In this city, November 28, 1895
G-ortte W , be.oved son of tiie late lieor^e and
Elizabeth J. Tomlin, and brother of James Tom.
. tin. » ,i*.ivear -au Francisco, aged .157 years 5
. months and 16 days.: ." -\ '
Y. -VI. I.— Offl;ers and members of Mission Conn-
cil No. 3. Y. M. L.'are hereby no fled to attend
the funeral of • our - deceased bntiier. Gourde
Tomlin. THIS DAY - (Saturday), ac . '£ o'clock
m., from his late residence, 9U3V 2 Bryant
street. •:. J:HN P. UtSBV, President
- John E. RICHABOS Jr. cor.' 5..-C. .
WALKER— In this ciiy; Novetnoer'2s, ;13T3, at
his residence. 530: Doiores street, Robert
s., dear.y belovel uusband ul Kate Walter, and
, - son ot David J. WaUcr. a native of New Bruns-
- wick, aged 81 yean I momu mil 15 days. ' -. >- ;
. £9~Friends and. acquaintance "are -resDect-
fuiiv invited to attend the funeral Tills l>Ay
(-aiurJay), . at ' 1> o'clock *. v. jr., from : he
Advent > Christiai Church, Cburch,' street be-
- twi.-n Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. •
' . tVJCAVOY A CAS.LACHER, I"
FONKRALDIRKCTORS* KMBAI.M I RH
SO Vtftb St.; Opp. Lincoln School. '
>.*",.. v . Telephone 3080. .^ '." .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY^
SAN MATEO - COUNTY; NEAREST
tery to the city; 11011-sectarian; in nosem»ex- '
elusive ; location * unexcelled. -■ omce Ml - Mm* km
•wees, somneuat comet ot uixut. ■ -
1314
TWO DYED HORSES
FOR MRS. HUNTER
A Trickster in Horseflesh
Neatly Caugh by a
Sharp Woman.
. Captain Thomson of the Park
Police Found the Man
With the Horses.
The Widow of the Late David Hunter
Cannot Be Fooled by a Coat cf
Dye on a White Surface.
The trickster in horseflesh who may
have inferior animals to dispose of would
better not try to make a deal with Mrs.
J-oan N. G. Hunter, the widow of the late
David Hunter. Such an experiment
was tried upon this lady a few weeks ago,
but with poor results to the man who
made the a' tempt.
Mrs. Hunter is a woman of education
. and refinement and thoroughly posted on
the ways of the world. Being a lady of
vast wealth, witn a refined taste for every
thing that is elegant, she is a lover of
thoroughbred horses, and in her desire to
acquire some of the best stock to be found
on this coast for her private use she, in
her drives through the Golden Gate Park,
became acquainted with Captain Thom
son, to whom she expressed her wish to
possess a pair of coal black horses for
her stable.
Such a desire from a lady of Mrs. Hun
ter's social position to Mr. Thomson was
sufficient to stimulate him to act
promptly, and it was understood that if
the coal-black team yon d be found
within the limits of the City or even of
Oakland they would be lorthconiing. And
they were. For inside of one week from
the time the lady expressed her wishes
the brave captain of police and guardian
of ladies in the Golden Gate Park had a
spanking team of jet-black horses stand
ing in iront of 903 Van Ness avenue, the
residence of the rich widow.
A hn-ty inspection of the animals by
Ihe lady with the suggestion that she
would like to see them driven was as a
matter of course complied with by the
captain and by the attendant who hau
charge of the horses.
Having procured her soft wraps and
buggy robes Mrs. Hunter took her seat in
the buggy, whiie Captain Thomson and
the driver occupied the forward seat on
the box. The round of the park was taken
and the homeward spin finished with the
greatest satisfaction apparently to all con
cerned. The corses traveled well and
made a fine appearance as they came
down Golden Gate avenue "'hard held,"
as the racecourse habitues express it, and
with a grand round-up in Iront of the
elegant residence of the millionaire
widow. The driver and Captain Tiiom
son alighted from their seats with the
agility of En lish footmen, and a second
examination of the iet-black steeds was
had, with which the driver and the officer
were well satisfiud.
Not so. however, Mrs. Hunter. She ex
■pressed a desire to see some more of the
horse* before drawing her check for $1000.
She instructed the man who nad cuar^e of
the horses to take them to the stable in
the rear ot the premises and unbarness
them, as she preferred to have another
look at them.
The driver complied and the horses were
taken to the sable and the harness re
moved, when the piercing eye of the prac
tical lady was thrown over the forms ol
the Horses with that exact scrutiny simi
lar to the penetrating vision of the'X ray.
After a careful examination of the sup
posed" $1000 beauties which were to adorn
the staDles of the Van Ness avenue mil
lionaire, Mrs. Hunter discovered a shady
look about the forehead and another abou*
the hind legs of one of the "je;-black"
horses. She instructed her groom to bring
a damp sponge iorward and try its '-fleet
on the places pointed oat to him. He did
as directed- with the result that the damp
sponge removed a coat of black dye on the
forehead and hind legs of one of the
horses.
This satisfied the lady that she was
about to be imposed upon, and in order to
see bow far this impo.-itiun was intended
she dispatched a messenger for a veteri
nary surgeon, who, on his arrival and
after a careful examination of the horses,
declared that they were a pair of spavined,
bunged-up old hacks, dyed and doctored
for the occasion.
Since this episode Mrs. Hunter has not
been trouble 1 with callers desirous oi sail
ing a set of blhck or milk-white horses for
her private use.
.But all horse-dealing fakers have come
to the conclusion that there is one lady in
this City who cannot be imposed upon
and who is smart enough to protect her
self against the tricks of sharpers and
frauds.
Captain Thomson is especially fond of
black Horses, and acted in perfect good
iaith in the matter. He will doubtless be
very indignant when he learn., of the de
ception which was praciiced upon him.
VICTORY FOR A RAILWAY.
Beheaxing Or fered by the Supreme
Court, Three' Justices Dissenting.
In a dissenting opinion yesterJay Jus
tice lemple of the Supreme Court, Jus
tices Hensbaw and Beatty concurring,
condemned the reckless running of
electric cars. The gut was that of
Amanda P. Everett and Marchia A.
Everett, by her guardian, against the Los
Angeles Consolidated Electric Railway
Company. A car on the railway in ques
tion struck Charh-s E. Everett as he was
riding a bicycle on McClintock avenue in
Los Angeles. The test mony was that the
motorman of ihe car rang his bell as he
drew near Everett, but that he gave no
sign that he Heard the beil.
Everett died and the heirs secured a
judgment against the railway company,
KEW TO-DAT.
Eczema baby
Grew Worse under Treatment of Beit
Physicians. Tried
. CUTICURA REMEDIES
Great Change ln Five Days and To-day is
. • Entirely Cured. ' .
• ' ■■.'■'
My baby had Eczema In its worst form.
One of the best physicians in the city attended
her, but she continued to get worse all the
■ time. He finally admitted he was at his wits'
end. I then got Cdticoea Remedies, and in
a. few day* noticed a great change in her con-
dition. She continued to improve and to-day
- is entirely cured, has nice head of hair, and Is
lively and hearty. 1 spent considerable money I
for drugs and doctor's bills, which was useless.
J. B. JACOBS, 2031 Wilkins Aye.; Bait., Md.
Srt«ni Com TBiATMMrT.— Warm bsthi with Ccti-
ccr.A Soap, gentle application* of Ccticlra (ointment),
the great skin cure, and mild dotes of Ctcicc&A Bsso£ '■'
. vest, greatest of humor caret.
Sold thnrarhont the world. Price. CcTjoni SOe.«-
-BOAP.2- : B«sotv«iiT.aOe.»ndsL Porr««D*no*jrD ■
Cbeu. Corn-, Sole Propr. Boston.
WT "How to Can ET«.-/Bkin Humor," mailed fit*
from which the company appealed. In
the opinion of the dissenting Justices it
was set forth that if elecmc-cars cannot
be Bafe^y handled it is criminal to permit
them to be operated on t: c street, but
that it is a matter of common knowledge
that they can be managed properly. The
court reversed the judgment and ordered
a rehearing.
HEYNEMAN ASSAULTED.
He Wai Struck Repeatedly by F. Cook
Caldwell In Judge Sanderao&'s
Courtroom Y««terday.
Attorney A. Heyneman is having con
siderable trouble in regard to the suit of
Zaliskv against Newman. Zalisky claims
$50,000 damages for the alienation of his
wife's affections.
Mr. Heyneman is Newman's legal rep
resentative, and Hst Wednesday in Judge
Sanderson's court made a remark to the
effect that the suit is a case of blackmail.
This aspersion was instantly resented
by Reel Terry, one of ZaHsky's attorneys.
He struck at Mr. Heyneman, but misled,
and the trouble was stopped by the bailiff.
Yesterday was the time for resuming
the taking of depositions, and Attorney F.
Cook Caldwell went to Judge Sanderson's
courtroom to participate in the examina
tion, being associated with Mr. Terry as
counsel for Zalisky.
Before court was called to order Mr.
Caldwell and Mr. Heyneman engaged in
a dispute, and Mr. Caldwell struck Mr.
Heyneman in the face several times,
causing his nose to bleed freely. Mr. Hey
neman quickly left the courtroom and the
case watt continued to Monday.
Mr. Caldwell explained by saying that
Mr. Heyneman had called him a liar aud
a coward.
Mr. H^yneinan's version of the affair
is as follows: I
SUPERVISOR-ELECT ROTTANZL
Before Shaving. After Shaving.
Tde deposition was postponed until this
morning at 10 o'clock. I was on time at that
hour and was sitting in a Urge arm chair on
the platform of Judge Sanderson's courtroom,
reading a newspaper.
Suddenly Attorney Caldwell stepped in
front of me and said: "Did yon mean that
statement you made in oourt oh Monday?" I
told him 1 most assuredly {lid, and that any
statement 1 made in a courtroom I was respon
sible for.
Without a word of warning ana while I
was sitting with my hands engaged he struck
me ln the face, and be f ure I could even protect
myself he struck me again.
1 told him I considered it a most cowardly
and brutal assault aud that none but a des
perado would attack a man in the position 1
was in. He then attempted to strike me agai n,
but misled. He is an immense man, weighing
about 240 Bounds, while 1 am very small in
comparison.
After giving his version of the fracas
Mr. Heyneman dilated upon the case to
the extent of explaining why he consid
ered himself warranted from the evidence
in declaring the case in question to be one
oi b ackmail.
He said he had gone privately to Attor
ney Reel B. Terry's office and told him it
was simply an instance of blackmail and
that he (Terry) would soon be sorry that
he had ever permitted his name to be con
nected with it.
No arrests have been made, but it is un
derstood that Chief Crowley has promised
to send ten policemen armed to the teeth
into Judge Sanderson's courtroom next
Monday to assist in keeping ti>e peace.
A SCHOOL BOARD CAUCUS
Committees Selected Last Night
by the Board of Educa
tion.
Charles L. Barrington Elected Presi
dent of the Board and a Health
Commit'ee Mooted.
The new Board of Education held a
prolonged caucus at Dr. Drucker's office
last night, which resulted in tne selec
tion of a president ana of a chairman for
each of the committees of the board.
The following were agreed upon: Presi
dent of the board, Chariea L. Barnn ton;
Finance Committee, Samuel L Waller;
Classification, W. A. Derhara ; Ruies, Dr.
Georue I. D ucker; Salaries, Edward L.
Head; Qualifications, Benjamin Armer;
Buildinps and Grounds, Tuomas Burns;
Supp.ies, C. A. Bantei; Ju liciary, J. L.
Halstedt; Printing, Edward Gallagher;
Visiting, Thomas R. Carew; Janitors, Ed
ward Gallagher.
After considerable discussion it was de
cided that it would be a jood idea to es
tablish a Health Committee, the subject
receiving particular consideration because
of t c present epidemic of diphtheria. It
was agreed that if the committee shall be
established Samuel L. Waller wiil be se
lected as chairman. The caucus was quite
harmonious throughout. Tne chairman
will appoint ttie other committeemen be
fore the first of the year.
PIQUED HIS CURIOSITY.
lhat Is Why Mr. Archibald Will
Probably Ascend a Mountain
by Balloon.
James F. J. Archibald has arrived from
the East. He confirmed the news yester
day that he proposes to go to New Mexico
to view and explore a mountain upon the
crest of which 500 Nav&jo Indians were,
according to Jeeend, starved to death
many years ago. This mountain is well
known to all travelers over the Santa Fe
Railroad and is customarily pointed out
to person? passing for the first time over
the line by Pullman porlers and "peanut
butchers."
Two stories are given to account for the
starving to death of the Indians at that
point. One is that they were besieged by
hostiies, who drove them up there and
kept them from corame down. The other
story is that a landslide broke away the
mountain precipitously, and the Indian
could not get down. The last-named story
wan telegraphed from Chicago to make it
fit in with a story that Mr. Archibald
would reach the summit by the use of a
balloon.
Mr. Archibald says that he will go to
the summit merely for the adventure of it,
the place having piqued his curiosity. He
will possibly use a balloon, for that seems
the easiest way for him to get up. He will
start next week.
» ♦ — • _
Supreme Court Examinations.
■ The regular Supreme Court examinations lor
the admission of candidates for practice at the
bar has-been extended irora December 28 to
Monday, January 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1896.
DR, ROTTANZI'S
BEARD IS GONE
Bold Stand Taken by the
Supervisor- Elect of
the Seventh.
Bent Upon Relorm, the Good
Doctor Assumes a Stern
Countenance.
Puzzling, Perplexing Incidents Follow
the Loss of the Silky
Vandyke.
Strange, fantastic dreams haunted the
busy brain of Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, the genial
Supervisor-elect of the Seventh Ward,
Wednesday night. Samson, in the days of
his most cruel bondage to the Philistines,
never suffered such anguish as did the
good druggist - doctor- Democrat on
Thanksgiving eve, and the City Dad-elect
of the Seventh dreamed that he, 1 ke Sam
son, had been beguiled to part with his
hirsute appendages of head and face by a
cooing Delliah, who afterward betrayed
him into the bands of the enemy.
Then a change came over the spirit of
his dreams. Greet Scott! He dreamed
he was Harvey Scott, editor of the Port
land Oregonian, whose facile pen was re
cently dipped in slush mixed with gall
and shaken over the fair name and fame
of California.
"By the statue of Twin Peaks!" shrieked
the good doctor as he tossed restlessly
about, "I'm neither Samson nor Harvey
Scott. What mean these strange hal
lucinations?"
With a mighty effort he rose in bed and
instinctively bis right hand went to his
head and drifted down to hia face. Alas!
it was only too true. Slowly the dawn of
memory entered his puzzled brain and he
recalled that the day" before he had per
mitted his tonsorial artist to remove lhat
beautiful Vandyke beard so familiar to
constituents in the Seventh Ward and
urchins who made collections of ejection
cards.
With many a heart-burning the suc
cesi.su! candidate viewed his boyish face
in the mirror as be adjusted his cardinal
necstie and mused o'er the past. How
many weary, dreary months, even years,
had be watched the growth of that
beautiful beard. Bat there was balm in
the consolation that when duty called he
would not falter. Had not the citizens of
the Seventh chosen 1 im as their cham
pion? Had they not expressed a desire
for reform in every department of the
city government? Was it not his duty to
begin this reform in his own personal ap
pearance? Nevgr mind what the Popu
lists might say ; be would risk their right
eons anger.
With these good resolutions the re
former of the Seventh completed bis
morning toilet and sauntered forth to give
thanks in any way that mieht aeem good
to him. He had not reckoned, however,
on the surprise of his friends. At his
drugstore hia cl^rk eyed him coldly when
he issued the usual mornirg instructions,
and the doctor was compelled to produce
a card in his attempt to identify himself
as the proprietor <>f the establishment.
A few minutes later he accosted a group
of friends with "Hello, boys!" They
looked at him suspiciously and one asked,
"Who is the impudent fellow?" • Again
the Supervisor-elect was compelled to
establish his identity.
"And why, doctor, have you decided to
masquerade on Thanksgiving day ?" asked
one of the friends after the doctor had
"fixed" it with the assemblage at the bar.
"Indeed," replied the reformer, "it is
not a masquerade at ail. It is done in the
interest of reform. It's a long story, but
I'll shorten it. You must all remrmber
that I based my canvass for Supervisor of
tue Seventh ward principally npon the
promise of reforming the many md glar
ing evils of this great City and — "
"Well," interrupted one of the friends,
"and what baa reform to do with the loss
of your beard?' 1
"A great deal, indeed," resumed the
druggist-doctor. "Who ever heard of a
man entering upon such a Herculean task
without first making his countenance as
stern as bis purpose. My felluw-citize.ns,
when I realize the terrible responsibility
resting — "
"Let's have another," said one of the as
semblage, and the remainder of the doc
tor's peroration was drowned by the
clinking of glasses.
And so it went throughout the day.
Over and over again the good Supervisor
elect was compelled to establish his iden
tity and explain the purposes of his dar
ing transformation.
Finally the story reached the press and
some of the reporters suggested that the
doctor was ambitious to become a journal
ist. S<>me of the old-timers remembered
how fond the doctor was of the newspaper
business and how he bad masqueraded as
a reporter at the entrance of masquerade
balls.
Be all these stories as they may, the
bard fact remains that the doctor is beard
less, and rumor has it t at the reformer is
in danger of a Popocrat boycott.
Will Have to Stand Trial.
William Tully has been held to answer be
fore the Superior Court on a charge of burg
lary, bis bail being set in the sum of $2000.
Uu the d«v of the great Republican parade in
this City Tully put iv his lime stealing goods
from railroad freight cars. He was caught in
the act.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewelry, at greatly red need
prices; building 10 be removed. 6 and 7 lhlidau
N<^ : .'-'--.•:.-.-,.- -,_-^-^-;_^..-^-^, . - w -^-.. l - % ... L_ '_ _'_'■ ' >TW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. - __ J^^^^~-w-~~-~-- —
B*SO?*s :
As usual we close the week with a SPECIAL OFFERING OF NEW
AND SEASONABLE MERCHANDISE at ./'■''■)
PRICES THAT MAKE EACH ITEM AN UNMISTAKABLE BARGAIN! :
HANDKERCHIEFS.
** SADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
At EMBROIDERED SHEER L>WN
lOf -i^NDKERCHIEUB. recular value
* vv ■ ($2 per dozen, on special sale at 10c
each.
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCH-
At (ED EMBROIDERED SHEER
IF;* -<LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regu-
lO\J (lar value $3 per dozen, on special
sale at 15c each.
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
At (EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
OK, I HANDKERCHIEFS, regular value
■" v ($ 6 per dozen, on special sale at 25c
eacu.
VEILING! VEILING!
Ok* CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO
wWI) .VEILING, three-quarter widths,
rpQ Jnew designs, a large variety of
jratterns, on special sale at 25c.
$1 AA <35c, 50c, 75c, $1, $135 and $150
epliVv per yard.
SA* BRUSSELS NET AND TUX-
VV\j ) EDO DOTTED and BORDERED
TO > VEILS, latest novelties, on spe-
9^ ' cial Bale at 50c . 75c « $1 and $1 25
<fl.«el each.
NECKWEAR.
Special Sale of Lace, Chiffon and Mous-
■elinede fcjoie Fronts. Collarettes, Ruffles
and Jabots, at very low prices.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
103 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED
At jKID GLOVES, lar>:e buitoas, colors
KQa -<mode, tan. siate and brown, all sizes,
Ov\j (regular price $1, on special sale at
59c a pair.
97 dozen 4-BUTTON KID
At ( GLOVES, embroidered racte< and
large buttons, colors tan, brovr » and
I tit ( modes, also blacJt, regular price
$1 25, on special sale at 75c a pair.
muf Murphy Building, Jf
Market ; and Jon Streets.
JOHN L DURKEE
DANGEROUSLY ILL
Old Memories Recalled by
a Pioneer's Ill
ness.
The Veteran Fireman Was
Tried for Piracy in
Stormy Times.
A Long and Brilliant Re rd in the
Fire Department, Ending
With Honors.
John L. Durkee, pioneer policeman, Su
perintendent of streets and veteran fire
man, lies seriously ill .it his home in this
City. Tnough Mr. Durkee has been on
the exempt list for many years, •he has
continued to be a prominent figure on the
streets until his recent illness.
Few men among all San Francisco's
illustrious pioneers are better or more
widely known than Mr. Durkee. For
many years he has been a conspicuous Sg
JOHN L. DURKEE, the Veteran Fireman, Who Now Lies 111 at
His Home.
\From a photograph by SewelL]
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
450 dozen MEN'S FANCY BOR-
At (DERED HEMSTITCHED HAND-
C- -(KERCHIEFS, large size and in
Ov (neat designs of fast color prints,
regnlar price $1 20 dozen, on special
sale at 5c each.
125 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UN-
LAUNDRIED WHITE SHIRTS,
At (made of Uiica Nonpareil cloth, with
fvjja < e-enforoed fine linen inserted bo-
UVli (soms, felled seams and double backs,
worth 90c, on special sale at 50c each.
96 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED
At (HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, in un-
- 19 1 !* "{dy 6^ sanitary colors, good value
lu2v (for 25c, on special sale at 12^c a
pair.
76 dozen MEN'S UNDYED SANI-
At (TARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
7C- -{and DRAWERS, warranted snrunk,
I «IG (regular price $1 25, on special sale
at 75c each.
58 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN
At (LAMBS-W OOL and CAMEL* d-
<fc| AA MIXED UNDERSHIRTS
$I«VV (andDKAWERS, warranted thor-
oughly shrunk, re. ular value for
$1 50, on special sale at $1 each.
RIBBONS. RIBBONS.
At (3- INCH ALL-SILK SHADED TAF-
ar p MOIRE RIBBON, value 35c,
£vv (will be offered at 25c a yard.
At (3H-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED
0-^ MOIRE RIBBON, value
Otlt (50c, will be offered at 360 a yard.
At (5-INCH ALL-SILK SHADEDTAF-
9X* - F ETA MOIRE RIBBON, value 50c,
OwC (will be offered at 35c a yard.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL 1O O'CLOCK.
wLf Murphy Building, j
Market and Jones Sirafi.
ure in the Fir* Department, finishing his
career as Fire Marshal with honor* and
retiring on a handsome pension ten years
ago.
One of the most notable episodes in Mr.
Durkee's career was hia arrest and trial for
piracy in 1856. the event growing out of
the active part he took with the vigilantes
in the memorable days when rudetnoueh
speedy methods were taken to terrify and
exterminate evil-doers.
This .rave charge was made against the
veteran who now lie 3 ill, because he was
the most dauntless and sturdy of a mem
orable band of men that seized a quantity
of arms and ammunition from a >ctiooner
in the bay early in 1856 The munitions
of war were on the way from Benicia to
San Francisco, whereupon the eager men
bent on stampinc out crime sent some of
their chosen warriors to the front to con
summate the bold scheme which the au
thorities afterward called piracy.
In September, 1556, Durkee was ac
quitted on the ground that the seizure of
weapons on a schooner in the bay near
San Leandro was not a seizure of any thin c
upon the high sea-", that part of tne bay
being a mere interior inlet. Tiiere was
great excitement in San Francisco at the
time.
In 1859 Mr. Durkee, who had won much
reputa ion for bravery and strategy, was
well know as a tearless policeman. The
duties of the* office did not please him
very well, however, f r he longed for some
peaceful pursuits. In 1862 he was for a
time Deputy Superintendent of Streets,
but by 1865 he had become fare marshal at
a salary ol $2400 a year. He continued in
this office with marked success until
October 15, ISB6, at which time he was re
tired on a liand«ome pension by the Board
of Fire Underwriters. La:er the pension
was made $100 a month for life.
In addition to his other qualifications,
Mr. Durfcee has often distinguished him
self bs a writer of clever abilities. On July
17. 1888, he wrote an interesting article on
'The Bells of the Monumental Engine
Company of Baltimore," the city where
HOSIERY AND UNDER-
WEAR.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
At (BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
i|C. -/double knees, heels, soles and toes,
Mwv (Hermsdorf dye. worth 40c, on spe-
cial sale at 25c a pair.
LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
At (TON HOSE, extra high-spliced
9 01«» -(heels, double soiesand toes,Herms-
Od^v (dorf dye, worth 50c, on special sale
at 3 pairs for $1.
LADIES' IMPORTED CASH-
At (MERE WOOL HOSE, high- spliced
KA« /heels, double soles and toes, black
VVXj (and natural gray, worth 75c, on
special sale at 50c a pair.
Af .BOYS' NATURAL GRAY BANI-
Jr Jtary wool shirts and
5H(} ) DRAWERS, worth 75c, on special
l saie at 50c each.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
At (EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
ftr - -<neck, long s.eeves, Drawers to
-'JO (match, worth 40c, on special sale at
25c each.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS
CHILDREN'S COATS.
LADIES' WOOL "WAISTS, In
At (fancy plaids, latest style sleeves,
ii ApT /yoke back, laundered collar, reg-
sl«a>cl (ular Drice $175, on special sale
at $1 25.
At ( LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS,
&ft A A < in fancy colors of red, navy and
S .0(1 "iblact, latest sleeve, on special
* vv l aaleats2.
CHILDREN'B NIGGERHEAD
At (COATS, in red, green and navy
$9 -{blue, finished with collar trim-
ff-nwv (mcd with black angora fur, regu-
lar price $3 50, on special sale at
$2 50.
lt[/ Murphy Building, J
Market and Jones Streets.
the pioneer lived before he came to the
Golden West with the sturdy pioneers
who sought their fortunes by the shores of
the Pacific.
CAPTAIN RICHARDSON' S DENIAL
He Did Not See Fhz<immnns Box, Nor
Did He Box, Nor Would He Box.
The British ship Pendragon Castle is at
present tied up in Oakland Creek. She
came here from Newcastle, N. 8. W., with
3554 tons of coal, and In a few days will
load wheat for Sydney. The rate is 19
shillings a ton, but even at that figure the
vessel will make more money than a
charter at a little advance for a voyage to
Liverpool would bring.
Inadvertently Caotain Richardson's
name was mentioned as one of several
who visited Fitzsimmons a couple of days
ago.
The Pendragon Castle has not been in
Richardsons Bay this year, and while
Captain Richardson may have been on a
visit to some of his brother captains whose
vessels are tied up at Sausalito, still he
was not present when Fitzsimmons put on
the cloves and "boxed for fun." Captain
Rrchardson says most emphatically that
he never uses boxing-gloves and that he is
not "so easily frightened."
Order of Foreign Wars.
At the meeting of members of California
Conimandery, Military Order of Foreign Wars
of the United States, recently held on Mount
Hamilton, the following-named officers! were
elected for 1897-98: Professor E. S. Holden,
commander; D. Henshaw Ward, vice-com
mander; Colonel A. S. Hubbard, secretary;
F. B Washington, assisiant secretary; Charies
S. Greene, treasurer; B. W. Lee, registrar;
Robert Y. Hayne, j.idge-advocate.
Kequlaition Papers for Clark.
Detective Sergeant H. D. Cole of New Haven,
Conn., reached here yesterday with requisi
tion papers for J F. Clark, the young New
Yorker.wbo was arrested for embezzling $2600
and a number of valuable papers from his em
ployers. Cjark will leave here next Monday
morning.
I , ■ : ''. . 'NEW TO-DATJ .
THE IXrZETTCr
Orchestral Regina!
The Largest i^k PLAYIXO
Music Box 1 wygfltt A TIME OF
Kv^rUade Jj^JlaßlßjaA EA . LH IUXE
Pi ays an Cn- MJNTTTWo
limited nnm- 'HfiSIHBSKi
ber of Tunei- p*^^j^^s .
Hi i^Ji Complete
Revelation Kjm Orchestra
5? Xit 1 ? J|i=§ InII - ln
N ° 4f In form of 'an
For Parlor Use {Hi ifflfl- 1 Au omaton,
with starting HH^D A With Nickel-
lever. s^^.^^ 5 <Jrop Attach-
Long- running ,^^S^P^S!^^^v meut.
movement. «BHH^Hiita££E3S '" o ' *■*" runn ' n 5
. — . .Tr^^^'^y . movement.
I Dimensions of th* Ca^. 7ft.hl h. 3 ft. wide Vis
inches deep. . Dimensions of Tune Sheet.' 27
;. . " in. diameter. ».as« 8 in OaK and Mahogany.
THIS NEW REGINA
Kxc-lsany muslcbox ever," made, in brilliancy
t 1 ? h w" meof one: iand having two st«*l combs
Sli ii loa? , aei ' l ""'J «n » hromatlc scale. . era-
bra ing over 7 octaves, the key can be i chanced
repeatedly, and any iec music can be fakh-
«MK endered , wllh all counter-melodies that
would be .'ivei.ltlf played by a comp och stra.
lhe metal tune she- for this wonderful instru-
ment are large enough to render it possible to play
. Songs, Dances, Operatic Airs and pans of Over-
tures complete, without having to cut out some of
the finest movements ,as has always heretofore
been necessary, in other boxes.' ;. .
' •'. The blgh-srade workmanship and fine tone that
have always bee.i a feature of the Begin a Music
Boxes have been Improve l ln ibis Instrument, the
manufacturers having made this their master-
piece.'
c : l CALL AND HEAR .'IT..;;
CATALOGUE FREE.
SHER/VIANrCLAY & CO.,
CORNER KEARNY AND SUTTER STS.. -
i SAN FBAXCISCO. 
JACKETS, CAPES
AND SKIRTS.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH
At (JACKETS, new sleeves and lap
££ A A -(pockets, colors black and navy, ■
$tltVv (regular price $7 50, on special
sale at $5 each.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH
At (CAPES, handsomely trimmed in
$9 Q£ /braid, storm collar trimmed to
tpOit't) (match, colors black and nayy,
regnlar price $6 50, on special
sale at $3 95 each.
LADIEB' TAN COVERT CLOTH
At (JACKETS, lap pockets, new
$£ AA /sleeves, regular price $7 50, on
$«J.vv (special sale at $5 each.
LADIES' ENGLI6H BEAL-
At (ETTE RIPPLE CAPES, lined
&£ AA -(with silk, storm collar and fronts
VW»v" (trimmed with fur, regular price
$7 50, on special sale at $5 each.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPE, hand-
At isomely beaded and lined with
AH r. A -Mik, fronts and collar trimmed
ffliOlf (with Thibet fur, regular price
$12 50, on special sale at $7 50
each.
LADIES' GORED DRESS
At I SKIRTS, made of figured Bril-
AA 'liamine, lined throughout witn
ifO.Vv (percaline, regular price |5, on
special sale at $3 eacn.
LADIES' FIGURED SILK
At (DRESS SKIRTS, extra wide.
d.« PA -lined with p r rcahne and velvet
rffiVV (binding, regular price $12 50, on
special sale at $7 50 each.
Ulj Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
CLEAN
PRINT,
GLEAN
CONTENTS,
TO-DAY'S
NEWS
LETTER!
GET
A COPY.
8 Dr. Martin's Y>
NlIPICB!
\\ Of the Age I;
!
i(| A preventive and care forßhea- \l
V mat ism, Neuralgia, Pain i in Gen-' ||j(.
#> oral, Dyspepsia,' Sore Throat, ,i ( j
(X Pneumonia, Xorvous, IJver and (^
<,S "Kidney.; Complaints, . Backache, j t ],
]> Burns, Swellings, Colds, Coughs. _( V
l|(| Colic, . Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, (V
( i]i Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Dis- j|j>
i ease*, Excessive Itching and lj
1 1 ( ' many other complaints. . , : 0 ,
v '
||i; Price: 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle. j!
i <
'
>'! L CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent tot V)
( iS the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Csl. S\
!'? For sale by all druggists. The trade 5>
>/ supplied by Redingion & Co., Mack & ,'?
(I Co and Langley & Michaels, Ban Fran- -ft
A Cisco. / ■_ ' V■ ■; ,;;;.;_";■;;. i \
OOSMOPOIiIT A.IV.
Opposite U. 8. Mint, • 100 and 102 Fifth si. Man
. Francisco. Cal — most select family hotel li
the city. Board and room *"1, «1 25 and $1 50 be*
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms 50a
and 760 a day. - Free coach to and from th^hoL^L
Utoie. tor ib« coach bearing th« uame ol the Call '
noDUiiiaa UomL Wit t AiUty, JToyrt,^
*884«U MARKET SJ.SSSSS/