VOLUME LXXX.— JsX). 48.
REFUSE TO
BOW DOWN,
Leading Populists Opposed
to Indorsing Democratic
Candidates.
MUCH FEELING AGAINST
FUSION.
Southern Leaders Demand Their
Own Party Platform and
Cand dates.
** CYCLONE" DAVIS OF TEXAS PUT
IN THE RACE.
Middle of the Road Men Prepare
Fight for Principle to the
Bitter End.
"The Ca l's" Headquarters, 'J-\\%
Lindell H-.t-l, >
St. Louis Mo., July 17.)
Leading Populist whose lips had been
sealed for several days, now announce
that they are opposed to indorsing the
Democratic candidates. They object to
the Chicago platform on the financial
question because it conflicts with the
Populist theory of Sat money. Com
plaint is also made that the Democrats
want all the advantage and do not seem
to be willing to give the Populists any
share of the profits, etc.
Editor UilHtrap of Tulare County, Cat.*,
arrived to-day, violently opposed -to
fusion or indorsement. The Populist
editors by an overwhelming majority
are middle-of-the-road men, he says.
Prominent silver men propone to in
dorse Bryan at their convention and are
working with the leaders of the Peo
ple's party to influence them in a like
direction.
Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic Ka'l'inal. Committee, now in New
Turk, ha- li. . ii summoned here by the
silverites and the Bryan push, but he
has not replied. Seme of Senator Teller's
friends art* starting a boom for him.
Friends of "Cyclone" Davis of , Texas
are recommend him for the Presiden
tial nomination by the Populist*. .. :■: ■ • ■ '
It was reported late last evening that a
Democratic rutis-tury with an unholy
proposition of indorsement would be
here to-morrow and that the proposi
tion would be acceptable to the fiieuds
of fusion. JOHN PAUL COSGKAVE.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 17.— Although
there seemed to be a disposition among
the early arrivals here to join forces with
the Democracy for the sake of getting a
victory, the doctrine of straight Populism
seems to be too strong for them, and they
have thawed out and are now speaking
according to the light that is in them.
Like a refreshing breeze from the ocean
comes W. L. GUstrap, editor of two
Populiat papers— the Tulare County News
and the Tulare Valley Citizen— in the
sunny town of Visalia, Cal.
I found Mr. Gilstrap to be a straight
away out-in-the-middle-of-the-road Popu
list He wants no Democratic stick in his
soda pop, if he is aware of it, and he is
not favorably impressed with boy orators
who are members of the effete Democratic
party. Mr. Gilstrap is here to attend the
meeting of the National Reform Press As
sociation next Monday morning. This
association is composed of the masses of
tne party. The question of fusion or in
dorsement will be thoroughly exploded.
Mr. Gilstrap receives several hundred
Populist exchanges, and he has found not
more than two or three of the whole num
ber that will tolerate the proposition to
fuse with or indorse the nominees of the
Democracy.
"Our State Convention," said the editor,
"instructed us to use every honorable
means to effect a union of the reform
forces. The Democratic National Conven
tion ignored us altogether, and 1 am cer
tain that if a resolution had been offered
at Chicago looking toward a fusion with
the Populists it would have been defeated
by the votes of more than three-fourths of
the Silver Democrats in «hat convention.
We cannot hold a separate party identity
and indorse any other candidate. The
Democratic convention made no advances
to the Populists, and Mr. Bryan himself
has made no allußion to us in any of his
speeches. Free coinage is the most prom
inent issue before the peoule to-day, but
not the most important. It is a fad. i
am not in favor of fusion or indorsement.
We are for Populism pure and simple, and
do not want to see the party delivered
over, bound hand and foot, to the enemy.
We have kept straight in the middle of the
road in our county, and we have met with
not only moral but political success. We
carried Tuiare County last election by 170
plurality and elected a Sheriff, a District
Attorney, an Assessor, a Treasurer and a
Surveyor, all on a straight Populist ticKet.
We never have fused and we never will.
Our county used to go 800 Democratic ma
jority. We refused to fuse, kept on in the
middle of the road and got there without
any outside iielp and without the sacrifice
of our independence or principle. Our
people down there like the San Francisco
Call very much, and thank it for the fair
ness with which it has treated our cause-
It has not ridiculed us, and has published
articles by Joseph Asbury Johnson and
others on behalf of our principles."
Editor Gilstrap closed with the state
ment that he had not the slightest doubt
that t c editorial reform convention
would declare against indorsement.
W. J. Quick of this city is another
straight People's party man. He is one of
the party's leading representatives, having
served as a delegate in the Omaha conven
tion, lie helped also to make the fight in
Kansas. Mr. Quick expressed the opinion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
to-#fciy that if the Populists indorse Mr.
Bryan they will be done np by the Demo
crats.
"If we leave the Democracy alone it will
break all^to pieces this year, and we will
have only the Republican party to fight
next year." said Mr. Quick. "All we have
to do is to keep cool and not pet excited,
keep in the middle of the road and we are
bound to win. We want to show the peo
ple that if we have wheels in our head
they are running ail right."
Sergeant-at-Arms McDowell of Tennes
see has heard from his people in no uncer
tain tones.
"The people of the South," said Mr. Mc-
Dowell to me to-day, "are opposed to
fusion, and want nothing but straight
Populism. They have written me several
letters to that effect, and have emphati
cally declared that if this convention in
dorses Bryan they will bolt the party and
vote for McKinley as a rebuke. One of
these letters says: "If you folks go to St.
Loais to sell out to Bryan we will vote for
McKinley and beat you."
"The Southern Populists want the Popu
list platform and their own candidates.
The Democrats have not made us any
offers as yet, and if they don't succeed in
getting our indorsement they will be
beaten and McKinley will be elected.
What fusion Populists want is for all the
States to agree upon one-half Democratic
Electors and one-half Populists. Then
whichever party gets the most votes will
have the Presidency and next highest the
Vice-Presidency. Of could we would
nominate a Populist President and Vice-
President upon a Populist platform, and
the Democrats would nominate their own
man upon their own platform. The great
est objection which the Populists have to
fusion is that the Chicago platform de
clares for free silver, while the Populist
doctrine is for fiat money.
"So strong is the feeling against fusion,"
added the sergeant-at.arms, "that ex-
Governor Buchanan, after making a
speech in favor of honorable fusion, was
tied hand and foot by a non-fusion pledge."
Cyclone Davis of Texas addressed a
gathering of three delegates in Secretary
Rozelle's office this afternoon.
"If we don't indorse Bryan," said one of
the delegates, "McKinley will.be elected."
"Whose fault will it be?'' asked the
cyclone, and the delegate bent his head in
study for a while and then replied that he
guessed it was the fault of the Democrat?.
The Southern Populists have no love for
the Democracy, because away back in the
early days of the movement the Demo
crats abused the Populists as renegades
and traitors who had turned their backs
politically on their old neighbors and as
sociates, and much bitterness of feeling
was the result. Hence, having no love for
the Democracy, the Populists of the South
will not have anything to do with the old
party and will hold fast to principle. As
most Southern Populists of to-day have
been Democrats, it will be easily seen that
there is no hope that that part of the party
will entertain any overtures looking to
ward a compromise.
The Democratic horizon is looking very
squally. The captain, crew and pass* ri
sers are fast leaving the sinking ship, and
soon the rats will begin to abandon it.
At a meeting of the Jefferson Demo
cratic Club of this city last night the
sound-money men, composing one-half ita
membership, handed in their resignations
and walked out. A movement is now on
foot to organize the sound-money forces of
the State and put a State ticket in the
field.
Ex-Secretary William Whitney, Gov
ernor Flower and other notable Demo
crats have formally bolted the ticket. As
the sound-money men are in politics for
business and not for sentiment they will
not be likely to do anything which will be
likely to injure their cause by either the
influence of sentiment or politics. If they
shall find within the next week or so that
there is a prospect for their defeating the
Republican candidate on a sound-money
Democratic platform, with sound-money
Democratic candidates, they will call a
convention, formulate a platform and put
up a sound-money Democratic candidate.
But if, on the other hand, the chances of
defeating the Republican ticket seem
doubtful or dubious in the event of a
sound - mon<»y Democrat beine put up
for President the sound money of
the country, irrespective of politics or
party, will unite and cast their votes for
William McKinley. No matter from which
side the sun may be viewed the prospects
for Republican success are most brilliant.
It must be remembered also that the
sound-money Democrats who are desert
ing the ranks of Democracy are not going
to the Populist party and are not going to
sit with folded hands on the day of elec
tion, but as business men with a business
object in view they will vote with the only
party before the people with any prospect
of success that will satisfy their ideas and
their interest in the financial question,
and that party is the Republican party.
From all over the country come accounts
of leading Democratic politicians and
office - holders, chairmen of county and
State central committees, and men high in
ihe councils of the party and influential
with the people, resigning from their
political clubs and repudiating the an
archistic and revolutionary platform
adopted at Chicago under the sinister aus
pices of Governor John P. Aitgeid.
The Sun stands about thus: If the
sound-money Democracy puts a gold ticket
in the field, it will be certainly doomed to
defeat, for there are many Democrats to
whom the financial question in of the
greatest importance, who are unwilling to
take any chances and who will cast their
vote for the Republican candidate. If the
Populists indorse the candidacy of Mr.
Bryan, the defections from its ranks will
be mucb larger and much more serious
than those now being noted in the ranks
of the Democracy. The result will be that
the strai htawav Populists would put up a
ticket of their own and the opposition thus
being, by the mysterious decree of fate,
divided up into small bodies, will fall an
easy prey to the victorious and united
hosts of conservative Republicanism.
R. A. Southworth of Denver, Colo.,
secretary of the National Farmers' Al
liance, has opened headquarters at the
Hotel Barnum. There are two sets of
contesting delegates from his State, one
headed by Mr. bouth worth and the other
by Thomas Patterson. Mr. Southworth
gwes Patterson a bad reputation polit
ically and says that he is more of a Demo
crat than a Populist. Mr. Soathworth
added concerning the Patterson persona
non grata:
"H"j desires the reabsorption of the
Populist party by the old parties, and is
aiding and abetting the operation with all
his ability. I ask you, should our con
vention allow such designing men to cross j
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JULY 18, 1896.
A HEAVY LOAD FOR A BOY ORATOR.
its threshold? It would seem to me it
would not be just to those men who have
stood the martyrdom that has beentneces
sary to build our party up to its present
high standing. It seems to me that I
should lose my respect for its represent
atives if they cannot distinguish between
such a man and men whose lives are one
continuous sacrifice for the advancement
of its principles. Our delegates are from
the farm, the mine, the shop, the store,
the printing office; in tact all the trades
and callings are represented in it."
"You believe there are other issues be
sides that of silver?"
"Yes. Money, transportation and land
are bo closely connected that they cannot
be separated and settle the trouble that
afflicts our country. Why, sir, I have known
in the eastern part of Colorado wheat
to sell »» low 83,20 cent* and 2) cents a
bushel, and the" people who raised it were
obliged- to pay $7 a ton f for coal— or go
without— at their railroad station. I have
known corn to be burned as fuel within
four hours' ride of a coalbank and of my
home. I could not afford to buy that
corn to feed my cattle because of unjust
charges for the hauling. ' I have known in
the same passenger-coach in which I was
riding people paying several cents. 5
cents, 3% cents, 1% cents and no cents a
mile for their ride."
Kichard Winsor, a Populist delegate
from Seattle, Wash., arrived this morn
ing and is stopping at the St. James.
After the nomination of Bryan at Chicago
Mr. Winsor started on a proselyting mis
sion among his populist acquaintances.
Said Mr. Winsor:
"I did not find one who had a word to
say against Bryan. We do not feel iv the
West the same as they do in the South.
To tell the truth, before the Chicago con
vention met we were casting about for a
man who might be regarded as an avail
able candidate before the St Loais con
vention, and his name w\s presented as
the logical candidate. We do noi feel to
ward him as they do in the South. When
be spoke in Seattle last September he
came at the invitation of the Populists,
and was entertained by the Populists. I
conducted him to the stage, upon which
were seated over twenty leading Populists,
and his speech was spoken of by Repub
licans and gold Democrats as a Populist's
harangue.
"At Spokane the Populists held a meet
ing after the Chicago convention for the
purpose of discussing the matter, and
there was but one man who opposed the
nomination of Bryan at St. Louis, and
after a free discussion even he admitted
that the expression of many might be more
valuable than his individual opinion. You
can nut it down that the Pacific North
west is for Bryan."
I will put it down also that Mr. Winsor
is a Bryan Democrat with the skin of a
Populist.
fcamuei D. Nicholson and P. Baker, dele
gate and alternate from the Nineteenth
District of Colorado, are here shouting for
Bryan. They report their part of the
country a unit for Bryan.
Chairman Taubeneck of the National
committee has declared himself opposed
to fusion or indorsement.
The next thing on the boards is a Teller
movement. The boom has already started,
and Teller's friends are saying that he is
a Populist, opposed to National banks,
and in favor of the Governmental issue of
all money. 1 think the boom will develop
into something very strong, and that the
Senator, after having been crowned with
the thorns of a eilverand Populist nomina
tion, will be politically crucified upon a
cross of silver.
The sicns of the time point to the fall
of the Democratic Bastile and the corona
tion of the Republican Napoleon.
Late this evening the tip was quietly
circulated among the chosen few that a
D-mocratic emissary would be here to-day
with an unholy proposition to the Populist
leaders who have been flirting with fusion
ever since last Monday. The secret is be
in* carefully guarded, but 1 was given this
much of an inkling by a friend from
Alabama. He said that if matters turned
out as he hoped and thought they would
the .Populists would not nominate any
candidates of their own. There are, how
ever, 1300 delegates to be consulted with
reference to this affair, and as the majority
are understood to be PopulUts first, last
and all the time the nice little » rogramme
may not carry. If it does there will be a
bolt that will eclipse all its predecessors. .
John Paul Cosqbavk.
BRYAN IN
WORK HARD,
Silver Leaders to Indorse
the Boy Orator of
the Platte.
TRYING TO INFLUENCE
POPULISTS.
Arriving Delegations Promptly
Met by the White Metal
Champions.
NO EXPENSE TO BE SPARED IN
THE BITTER BATTLE.
War Declared on Those Who Insist
Upon Keeping the People's
Party Intact.
The Call's Headquarters,)
Hotel Lindell, V
St. Louis, Mo., July 17. )
The programme of the Silver party is to
indorse Bryan for President of the United
States. The leaders already on ihe ground
have so declared themselves. Wilh this
end in view they are now making war
upon the Populists, especially the middle
of-the-road boys, who are holding ont
against the ratification of the Democratic
candidate.
The silver men want Bryan because they
think they can win with him. They say
that he has always stood firmly for the
white metal and they are willing to over
look his Democratic proclivities in other
directions since he reflects their doctrine
upon the financial issue.
Senators Stewart and Jones and Con
gressman Kewiands of Nevada and
William P. St. John of New York will be
here on Sunday, and then a united effort
will be made to ba»e a conference with
the leaders of the People's party with a
view to their joining with the silver forces
and unanimously declaring for Bryan.
The organization of the silver forces is
compact. It is bold and acgressive. It
will accent no half way measure, "Byran
or nothing" being written upon their
standard. Representing, as they do,
wealth, influence and power, It is thought
that tiey will be able to overcome the op
position of the Southern Populists to the
Democratic nominee and ultimately insure
his indorsement. Tne silver barons of the
West are indifferent to the expense neces
sary to bring about their cherished wish.
They are working night and day and
spending money freely. They openly de
clare that there is no power on earth to
blockade their purpose. They have sum
moned Senator Jones, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, from
New York. They want him here because
of the attitude assumed by certain Popu
lists who are anxious to know if Bryan
will stand upon the Omaha platform.
With these Populists it is not a question of
accepting Bryan. It is a matter of Bryan
accepting thair platform. If he satisfies
them in this respect their opposition
will, in a measure, be withdrawn, other
wise they will hold out to the bitter end.
They declare that the Populist party
came into existence for a great purpose,
and they don't want to see it perish, now
that its power has increased and its influ
ence become manifest to the politicians as
well as the people of the country. Even
those Populists who insist on continuing
down the middle of the pike, though they
should be ran over and crushed to death,
are willing that Bryan should come in for
secondary consideration. They have sug
gested to the silver men that the Popu
lists, jointly with the Silver party, place a
full ticket in the field and then in case the
Democrats receive the largest representa
tion in the electoral college, they unite
with the latter and cast their vote for
Bryan. This is the scheme which Chair
man Taubeneck has promulgated.
Taubeneck is charged with being a
''trimmer" and the bilverites are sus
picious of him. It was he who wrote Tel
ler's address to the people when that sil
ver-plated statesman bolted the St. Louis
convention. His conduct at that time
was censured by the middle-of-the-road
Populists, who did not favor Teller for the
Presidency. Since the nomination of
Bryan the Taubeneck followers who were
favorable to Teller have deserted him and
gone over to the Nebraskan.
On the other hand, the muldle-of-the
roau pecT»it returned to Taubeneck, and
are now. shouting for Teller; therefore, the
reader will clearly see that the situation is
a most complicated one. But above alt
this discontent, suspician and uncertainty
in the Populiatic ranks, the strong and
steady arm of the Silver party ia seen up
lifted, and rallies forward the straggling
forces. Whether it will eventually suc
ceed in bringing about the much desired
harmony: wnether it will triumph over
the opposition that is daily growing in
volume; whether it will command the
forces of the two conventions and dictate
a compromise nominee, is a question
at thin time which can only be conjectured.
The question of Bryan's indorsement
will be decided by a conference committee
of the two conventions. The silver com
mittee will be a unit for Bryan. If a ma
jority of the Populists likewise favorable
to the boy orator can be secured, it is
thought there will be little difficulty in se
curing a joint resolution recommending
Bryan to both conventions. The greatest
opposition to Bryan comes from Tennessee
and other Southern States. The Populists
from that section are struggling to inject
new life into their party.
They are weeping over its prospective
demise. To tie outsider their comments
upon the situation are amusing. "Cy
clone" Davis of Texas is e>pecially vehe
ment in his remarks. He was cooling him
self in fron of the Lindell to-day when he
fired a few shots at the enemy. "Become
Democrats again?" he said, "not in a hun
dred years. We Populists out in Texas
bave lefl the Democratic party for all time
to come and will never return to it. No
matter what the action of the Populist
National Convention will be the party will
still exist. The Democrats have cursed
and traduced us. They have stolen our
ballots. They have stuffed our ballot
boxes. They have coerced our voters. In
Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas the Demo
crats have been in the minority for years,
yet they have beaten us by counting the
votes of dead negroes and clubbing us
down with the repeated votes of live
negroes. We might have a combination
on electoral college if given the right sort
of recognition ; but, to give up our organi
zation, that is to indorse the nomination
of Bryan without putting him under obli
gations to us before and after election and
keep out of the field in the matter of elect
ing members of Congress and representa
tives of our State Legislatures which will
elect United States Senators, is something
entirely out of the question. If tbis is
asked of us, or expected of us, the Bryan
sentiment in our party, not only in the
South but in the entire country will vanish
like snow before a southern sun."
M. J. Owen of Tennessee, and a dele
gate to the People's Party Convention
from that State, is very bitter toward the
proposed fusion ticket. Like ex-Governor
Buchanan and Sergeant-at-arms McDow
ell, he is an old line Southern Democrat.
He joined the People's party four years
ago, and is now one of the bitterest op
ponents of the organization founded by
his fathers.
"I am a delegate from the Ninth Con
gressional District of Tennessee," began
Mr. Owen, in discussing the grievances of
his party in the South with me to-day,
"and deeply regret that some of our lead
ers have become weak-kneed and reaay to
throw up the sponge and indorse the nom
inee of the Chicago convention. This is
what certain far-seeing silver Democrats
have been working for long before their
convention met. The fact stared them in
the face that it was their only hope for
success, and to avoid a disastrous party
defeat was to set a trap to catch Populist
votes, and a nice trap they have set in
deed. They know very well that if we are
caught in the trap our party is forever
gone. They will carry off the prize and
give us the cold laugh. For years the
Democrats have fought Populists and their
principles.
"Down South they have been particu
larly bitter against ns. When Cleveland
was elected the last time the Democrats
in our district resorted to ti e most un
manly and un-American methods to carry
the election. They resorted to Dallot-box
stuffing and other disgraceful means in
order to gain their ends. Populists were
cursed and insulted for no crime but a
claim to the right of a fair count and an
honest ballot. Our leaders were branded
as traitors. Time has proved that we
were in the right. Now the Democrats
want to get in our band-wagon. We have
noble leaders in our ranks who will not
desert the rank and file in the heat of
battle, men in whom the people can de
pend for the safekeeping of their princi
ples. There is one route for the People's
party, and that is in the middle of the
road. To the runt there is a dark gulf,
to the left an impassable mountain. We
must stand on the Omaha platform or be
destroyed."
Sergeant-at-arms McDowell is vigorously
combating the efforts of the free-silver
men to secure the indorsement of Bryan.
He and Taubeneck are leading the Popu
iistic forces in this direction. With them it
is anything to beat the Nebraskan. To show
that the sentiment in theHouth Is strongly
against a fusion ticket, McDowell displays
litters received from influential Southern
Populists, declaring that they will support
a straight ticket and that alone.
A letter signed by John L. Quarles and
others of the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict of Tennessee is significant.
"In the name of the People's party of
the Fourth Congressional District." reads
this forcible declaration, "we solemnly
and earnestly protest against any injus
tice of the People's party by reason of a
fusion with either of the old political par
ties, and especially do we protest against
the People's party National Convention at
St. Louis indorsing or in any way ratify
ing or countenancine the nomination of
W. J. Bryan by the Chicago convention.
The platform of that convention is a
fiaud. It was issued under false pre
tenses.
"We have investigated the feeling and
sentiment of our people," continues the
letter, "and it is unanimously opposed to
fusion, and any other course but a straight
ticket we will regard as treachery to our
party."
On the other hand, the leaders of the
Silver party are very much encouraeed by
the number of Bryan people that are com
ing over from the Populists and joining
in the procession. As each delegate ar
rives in the city he is approached by a
Bryan emissary and solicited to cast his
influence with the white-metal brigade.
Fred L. Baiiey, a Bryan boomer from
Oklahoma, waved into town to-day, carry
ing a life-size picture of the boy orator of
the Platte.
Mr. Baiiey is a young man with a smooth
face and a large supply of nerve. He orig
inally came from Kansas, and for a time
was one of the chief advisers of Jerry
Simpson, ttaescekless Congressman of the
grasshopper State. He says that Mr.
Simpson will be here next week and will
do a little snouting for Bryan. Mr. Bailey
was not long in town before he made his
presence known. He ran a large banner
across Washington avenue from the Lin
dell Hotel. On it was inscribed the tol
lowing: "Oklahoma Headquarters for
Bryan." To demonstrate that there is no
superstition lurking in the Oklahoma del
egation it selected room 13 at the Lindell
as its headquarters.
"We are going to indorse Bryan,"
shouted Bailey as he walked through the
lobby of the hotel. "Oklahoma is for him,
and whoever Oklahoma declares for is go
ing to win. Kansas, Nebraska, Colorado
and the other Northwestern States are
falling into line, and if the convention
were to be held to-morrow ti.ere would be
only one candidate in the field and his
name would be Bryan of Nebraska."
The managers of the Silver party are to
night holding secret conferences and are
devising plans to bring about a stampede
for Bryan in the Populist convention.
Themselves a unit for the Nebraskan, they
will leave nothing undone to brine about
his indorsement by the two convention*.
As their platform simply declares for sil
ver, without touching upon any of the
other great isxues of the day, they are
satisfied with Bryan as a standard-bearer,
and should the Populists finally consent
to likewise favor him there will be notiap
pier people in all :his broad land than
those who have so assiduously and sin
cerely championed the cause of silver.
The hotels are filling up rapidly with
delegates and visitors from all parts of the
United States. While there is less enthu
siasm than was manfest at Chicago dur
ing the preliminaries to the Democratic
National gathering there is not less ear
nestness ou the part of those commissioned
with authority to faithfully perform the
duties expected of them by their constitu
ents. Certain it is the two conventions
next week will be historical. The one
may mark the rise or fall of silver; the
other may signal the death of Populism.
Some people, however, are inclined to
think that the Populists may survive
being run over and killed should they con
tinue down the middle of the road.
Frank McGuibe.
SILVER BOLTERS TO MEET.
Senator Teller Growing Impatient
Over the Delay of the Pro
posed Conference.
DENVER, Colo., July 17.— Senator Tel
ler is growing impatient over the delay
of some of his colleagues who bolted the
St. Louis convention to meet in Manitou
for conference. He will go down to-mor
row to settle the matter finally.
"Several of those who will participate
in the conference will be at Manitou to
morrow," said Mr. Teller, "and it is possi
ble that we may go ahead without the
others. Our whole work will not occupy
more than an hour. We have already
agreed upon our course. We will advocate
the support of Bryan and Sewall. The
only action that the conference will take
will be to agree upon the form of some
short manifesto or address to the public."
Boles Declines the Honor.
WATERLOO, lowa, July 17.— At the
Chicago convention and even before that
several of the Democratic leaders proposed
nominating Boies for Congress from his
home district, but a quietus was put on
this movement to-day when Mr. Boies
said: "I hope no effort will be made to
bring me out as a candidate for Congress.
I could not accept the nomination if I
knew it would result in my election, and
I do not desire the notoriety which would
result from my declining."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TEN TO ONE
IS THE BET,
Kitchen of New York Says
McKinley Will Be "
Elected.
OFFERS TO WAGER VERY
HEAVY ODDS.
Nebraskans Are Not Unanimous
for William Jennings
Bryan.
GREETING TO THE NOMINEE OF
THE REPUBLICANS,
On Tuesday Major McKinley Will
Speak at the Cleveland
Centennial.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 17.— William
E. Kitchen of the New York Exchange to
day offered to bet $4000 to $400 that Wil
liam McKinley will be the next President
of the United States.
CANTON, Ohio, July 17.— Major Mc-
Kinley received the usual string of callers
to-day, who came on various errands of a
personal or social nature.
The following letter was received from
Nebraska, a State the mention of which
always awakens a good deal of interest in
the McKinley home now:
Plattsmouth, Nebr., July 16.
Hon. William McKinley, Canton, Ohio; The
McKinley Club of Plattsmouth, Nebr., sends
greeting to the standard-bearer of the Repub
lican party and begs to assure him that al
though the Democratic nominee for President
hails from our State, this circumstance will in
no wise affect the enthusiasm and loyalty of
the Republicans of Plattsmouth and Casa
County for McKinley and Hobart
H. JS. Dovky, President.
C. E. Smith, Secretary.
Major and Mrs. McKinley will leave for
Cleveland next Monday, where they will
be the guests of Mr. and Mrs. M. A.
Hanna. Major McKinley will speak there
Tuesday on the opening of the Cleveland
Centennial, of which he is honorary presi
dent.
WINSTON, Conn., July 18.— The new
Hartford Weekly Tribune (Ind.) has come
out for McKinley and gold.
PLANNING THE CAMPAIGN.
Members *T the Republican Execu-
tive Committee Are Actively
at Work.
CLEVELAND, 0., July 17.— The execu
tive committee of the Republican Na
tional Committee reassembled in Hanna'a
office yesterday shortly after 10 o'clock.
Major McKinley could not arrange his
affairs so as to come here. At 3:30 o'clock
members of the committee will leave by
train to visit him at Canton, and will then
separate, to go to their several homes.
P. S. Heath, in charge of the McKinley
literary bureau at St. Louis, spent nearly
an hour with the committee. He an
nounced that the committee had deter
mined to consolidate the literary and
printing bureaus, and that he had ac
cepted the position of chief of the new
bureau. Its work will be done in Chicago
for both the Eastern and Western head
quarters.
The committee practically closed its ses
sion shortly after noon, although several
of the members remained with Mr.
Hanna. That gentleman in response to
requests for information sent out word
that he had nothing to say and other com
mitteemen were as reticent as ever.
At 3:15 o'clock the members left on the
Valley road for Canton.
CAMPAIGN HEADQUARTERS
Democrats Practically Decide to
Select Washington as the Base
of Operations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.— 1t haa
been practically determined that the
Democrats will select the city of Wash
ington as their principal headquarters for
the direction of the campaign, and that a
branch headquarters will be established at
Chicaeo. Senator Jones returned from
New York to-day, but would not say
definitely where the headquarters would
be located. Mr. Jones also stated that the
announcement that the Presidential can-
didates would meet the notification com
mittee at the Madison-square Garden on
the 21st inst. was entirely premature. In
several other respects Mr. Jones indicated
his unwillingness to make any statements
of the future plans of the Democrats.
Nevertheless, Washington will be made
the headquarters. In the first place,
Washington is the home of all the Gov
ernment publications which will be sent
out during the campaign, and the Demo
cratic Senators believe that the Congres
sional document-rooms at the Capitol are
easier revived than re-established in New
York.
Then, too, the city is practically non
partisan, as its inhabitants are disfran
chised, and those Government employes
who retain the right to vote make no of
■■ ■ -
Now
Is the time to purify your blood and fortify
your system against the debilitating ef-
fects of warm weather. For this take
Sarsaparilla
The Best— fact The One True Blood Purifier.
H nnri '« Pi 1 1 « cure Llver Ills 5 eas to
riOOU S r His take, easy to operate.2sc2
fensive parade of their political predilec
tions. Furthe?more the rest and quiet of
Washington when Congress is not in sen
don is better adapted to the needs of the
venerable men like Harris, Turnie, Jones
and other aped men who are to run the
Democratic campaign. Incidentally, too,
Senator Gorman is in Washington every
day, and while Gorman will probably not
appear as a member of the executive or
the advisory or any other committee, it is
known that the Democratic managers will
depend upon him almost hourly for the
benefit of his experience and astuteness in
the management of political campaigns.
AN ISSUE OF BUSINESS.
Governor Flower's Views on
Politics and the Great Money
Question.
NEW YORK, N. V.. July 17.— Governor
Flower returned to New York yesterday
from the Chicago convention. He says:
"1 met a great many business men at
Chicago, including men from all sections
of the country, especially the South and
"West. I met others at Watertown. and
still others since I reached New York. I
never saw business men so thoroughly
united in their ideas as they are now, and
I have never seen a political party succeed
■which was opposed even by a majority o
tbe business men. They wish no further
disturbance of tbe currency, and
they are a unit in their desire
to preserve the present standard.
It cannot matter what the politicians do;
the business men will send out their
literature to the farmers and mechanics of
the United States and absolutely control
this election. It is a great business ques
tion, for on it hinges prosperity for all
the peoplo.
"I look for organization outside of both
parties and an issue wholly of business
»nd not of politics. The people will De
thoroughly educated on this currency
question before November. I have no fear
but what the people will decide the ques
tion in the right way. There are some Re
publican farmers in my county who be
lieve in taking free coinage as a dose to
cure their illness resulting from the small
returns for produce, but when they thor
oughly understand the question they
would sooner take jalap than free coinage.
"Business men have made up their
minds to have no more lack of confidence
and no more doubtful dollars. A cam
paign conducted on this issue can certainly
result in but one way and then will come
the return of prosperity. I don't believe
in a tbird party, but I don't fear it, for one
might have a tendency to reach some
people otherwise overlooked. I want the
situation treated strictly from a business
standpoint. I think that the business
movement will sweep all the politicians
off their feet when it gets well started.
We have had too many politicians, any
way ; all telling the people how much they
loved them."
LOTS OF ENCOURAGEMENT,
Illinois Gold Democrats Urged to
Kick Over the Traces of Gov
ernor Altgeid.
CHICAGO, 111., July 17.— The Illinois
gold Democratic organization is receiving
plenty of encouragement in the bundle of
letters written from a ; .l sections of the
United States to headquarters. Since the
National address was issued about 100 let
ters and numerous telegrams have been
received. Host of the letters have been
answered by requests for tbe writers to
organize "sound money" club 3in their
city and county at once preparatory to
Bending delegates to a National conven
tion.
Henry Vollmer, Mayor of Davenport,
lowa, wrote to assure the Illinois commit
tee of the hearty sympathy of the Democ
racy of his city and Scott County. Thomas
Carty of Knoxville, Term., stated that the
new ticket movement had the approval of
every sound money Democrat in the city
to whom he had spoken.
E. L. May of Montgomery, Ala., wrote
to say that the Democrats of his city
would either vote for McKiuley, or not at
all.
Frederick \V. Schultz, a merchant of
Baltimore, writes by request of a number
of Democrats to express their opinion that
the Chicago convention was not Demo
cratic in any respect and that they would
not vote at all if a third ticket was not
put up.
Postmaster Gould of Moline, 111., sent a
list of forty-five local Democrats who will
not vote for Bryan and many of them for
McKinley.
C. C. Moore of Little Rook, Ark., ex-
Attorney-General of Arkansas, wrote: "I
know that we can accomplish nothing
toward electing the nominees of the pro
posed new convention, but we can and will
maintain our manhood and political in
tegrity. Less can be hoped for In Arkan
sas than in any other State. An over
whelming majority of tbe Democracy of
the State has trained after the strange
gods of the Populists."
Laurence A. Sexton, on behalf of the
State Democracy of New Yoru City, tele
graphed the result of last night's meeting
and added: "Keep up the good fight."
There will be a meeting of the State
Committee Monday next to hear and act
on the reports ana correspondence as to
other States. The committee favors put
ting up an anti-Altgeld State ticket if a
new Presidential ticket is named. There
was talk to-day that Altgeld would with
araw from the ticket on account of the
embarrassment which the death to-day of
his brother-in-law, John W. Lanehart,
would bring him, but his political friends
assert that tbe Governor would continue
:n the race and attend to bis public and
privata business.
MINNESOTA BIMETALLISTS.
They Promise to Support Bryan in
the Struggle for the Presi
dency.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mlnx., July 17.— The
exposition buildiug, the scene of many a
great gatherinc, was tilled last night with
.an audience larger than any it has held
since the National Republican Convention
in I^2. The occasion was a ratification
meeting held under the auspices of the
Republican Bimetallic League of Minne
,BOta, and was the conclusion of the State
Convention held to-day, at which dele
gates were present from every county in
the State. Addresses were made by Con
gressman Charles A. Towne of Duluth,
ex-Congressman John Lynd, Senator John
Day Smith, Hon. Frank M. Nye, brother
of the iate ''Bill" Nye, and feveial others.
The silver addresses set the vast audi
ence wild with enthusiasm, and the name
of Bryan us the candidate of all the people
regardless of political parties received a
tremendous ovation.
The convention in the afternoon elected
thirty delegates and thirty alternates to
Jhe Silver Convention at St. Louis. Hon.
John Lynd was indorsed as a candidate
for Governor, and he will receive the solid
support of the silver Republicans, Demo
crats and People's party.
William J. Bryan was also unanimously
indorsed by the convention, which
pledeed the support of all bimetnl-
Jist Republicans in the State to the Demo
cratic nominee.
NOT IN FAVOR
OF INDORSEMENT,
California's Populistic Dele
gation Has So De
cided.
NO BANKERS NEED APPLY
Willing to Nominate Bryan, but
on a People's Party
Platform.
TELLER SENTIMENT STRONG.
News of the Golden State Representa
tives Wired by Joseph Asbury
Johnson.
OGDEN, Utah, July 17.— Great ambi
tion prevails in the California delegation
to the Populist convention. Before break
fast this morning at Elko the last man in
favor of indorsement renounced it. The
whole twenty-six are now a unit in favor
of a nomination of our own. We are all
willing to nominate Bryan on a Populist
platform, but only on conditions. Sewall,
for Vice-President, must give place to a
Populist from tbe South. This delegation
will not support the president of a National
bank for Vice-President or any other posi
tion. Other conditions are essential. One
half o! the Cabinet must be Populist, like
wise half the Presidential electors. On
Congressmen the .Populists will concede
that in districts throughout the country
wnere Democrats are the stronger Popu
lists will support Democratic candidates,
but where Populists are the stronger Dem
ocrats mu6t support Populists. This dele
gation will concede no more to Democracy.
Teller sentiment is stronger, but has
limitations. He must stand uncondition
ally on the Populist platform and give up
any relation whatever with railroad or
other corporations if he has any. The in
clination for Teller is grounded on the be
lief that tbe greatest accessions to the
People's party will come from Republi
cans, especially on the score of the Pop
ulist demand for a non-partisan tariff
tribunal elected by the people, one from
each State.
Denver papers were eagerly bought on
tbe train this morning and the announce
ment by Governor Waite over his own
signature that he would vote for Bryan
electors was found. The effect was magi
cal, for it produced tbe same result with
each delegate. On the instant each man
felt a stronger determination to resist any
such action. Each could see the same
motive — the desire of Governor Waite for
re-election, which is to be assured by tbe
trade with Teller for Secretary of the
Treasury. It is safe to say that fusion
grows more odious with each mile we
make toward St. Louis.
The chairman of tbe Nevada State Peo
ple's party committee. J. B. McCullough,
a Populist delegate, ioined our delegation
last night instead of waiting for Mr.
Baker's contingent. He gives a graphic
report of the Stewart-Jones-Newiands
railroad pocket buoroueh. He thinks it
probable that the Populists will put up a
straight ticket for next November. Silver
alone does not satisfy Nevada.
In passing through Nevada we met at
each station groups of men who always
asked the same question, "Will you in
dorse Bryan?" They always got the same
answer, "If he indorses our platform and
will divide on all other matters, yes — not
otherwise."
The invariable response, in a tone of de
jectment and witn an air of injured inno
cence has been, "That beats us." One
can see at a glance that these men think
that the People's party has no higher
mission than to become the annex of De
mocracy and give up its existence to be
absorbed by an old corrupt, disintegrating
organization on one minor issue. It shows
how slow men in the old parties are to
understand the meaning of the Populist
movement.
I am indebted to Colonel Taylor Rogers
for a thorough investigation of the politi
cal history, occupation, nativity, etc., of
the twenty-six delegates now on this train.
They are all native Americans, except one,
and ne was born of American pareuts in a
foreign country. AH are married but
three. Fourteen were formerly Republi
cans, five Democrats, five Green backers,
one Prohibitionist and one, a young man,
always a Populist. By occupation, eight
are farmers, two editors, two lawyers, one
architect, one collector, one doctor, one
manufacturer, three merchants, three
laborers, three teachers and one a raisin
grower. The tables include several other
points which are here omitted. M. W.
Wilkins found all in favor of woman
suffrage except one.
Joseph Asbury Johhsos.
Delaware JirpuOi leans.
GEORGETOWN, Del., July 17. —The
Higgins Republican State Convention
here was largely attended and was
harmonious in every respect. All efforts
to have the Addicks State ticket confirmed
failed except in the case of Daniel J.
Fooks, one of the electors on the State
ticket. Numerous speeches were made de
nouncing Addicks. The convention named
John C. Higgins of Newcastle County for
Governor, Robert C. Houston of Sussex
County for Congress and AVilliam C.
Spruance of Newcastle County, Manlove
Hayes of Kent County and Daniel J.
Fooks of Sussex County for Presidential
electors. The platform adopted declares
in favor of sound money; congratulates
the people ol the country on the prospect
of returning to prosperity under a Re
publican tariff; declares in favor of good
roads and denounces the Democratic Na
tlonal Convention and its platform.
Wilson Joins the Bolters.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 17.—
Congressman Wilson of Idaho joined the
bolting Republican silver men at Manitou
to-day. Nothing new has developed, but
it is understood that the meeting will be
held to-morrow.
Death of Charles H. Colburn.
MILFORD, Mass., July 17.— Charles H.
Colburn, a prominent manufacturer of
Hopedale, died this morning. Mr. Col
burn was about 60 years of age. While in
his teenn be spent four years in California,
being an active member of tbe Vigilance
Committee. He became intimate with
many of the prominent men of the State.
Returning to Milford he connected him
self with Godfrey, Colburn & Co., in whose
interests he crossed the plains to Denver
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
in 1860, thus becoming entitled to member
ship in the Society of Colorado Pioneers.
ROBBED ONLY ONE MAN.
Rather Clumsy Attempt to Hold Up the
Passengers on a Rock Island
Train.
LINCOLN, Nebr., July 17.— 1t de
veloped to-day that a clumsy attempt was
made last night to hold up the passengers
on a Rock Island train directly in front
of the depot. Just after the train pulled
in and while the crew was engaged in
switching some eztra coaches three men
boarded the front end of the chair car and
proceeded with revolvers in hand to nsk
the occupants to turn over their valuables.
Only one man contributed, and he was so
badly frightened that he failed to make an
outcry until the highwaymen had jumped
from the car and disappeared. The
amount secured was small. The affair
was not reported to the police until to-day.
DEATH OF WALTE R O. LEWIS.
Founder of the United Press Ship Sew*
Enterprise.
NEW YORK, N. V., Juiy 17.— Walter O.
Lewis, who built the original telegraph
line from this city to Sandy Hook and did
much to develop the system of ship news
gathering now in vogue, died at the home
of his daughter in Germantown, Pa., last
night. He was about 82 years old. His
ship news enterprise was absorbed into
the organization ot the original Associated
Press, now the United Press, where it still
remains. He was for many years the
manager of the ship news office here.
He was one of the early advocates of the
feasibility of the Atlantic cable and a
warm friend of Cyrus W. Field. He was
widely known among the telegraphic
fraternity and was a familiar figure in the
newspaper circles of New York.
Mormon Converts Coming.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 17.—Notice
able among the immigrants who were
landed at Ellis Island from the steamer
Furnessic. yesterday were about sixty
young women and men, who seemed to be
in better circumstances than their com
panions in the steerage.
These young persons were Mormon con
verts, and were the result of a year's prose
lyting in Great Britain and Ireland. They
left for the West last night.
MADE FALSE ENTRIES,
Arrest of a Kansas Bank Cashier
for a Heavy Embezzle
ment.
There Is a Second Mysterious Short
age That the Accused May Be
Able to Account For.
WICHITA, Kaxs., July 17.— The officials
of the Exchange National Bank at El
Dorado, the county seat of Butler County,
were startled to find yesterday that some
one had been making false entries in their
books, and a secret investigation was im
mediately commenced. The entire night
was spent in ferreting out tbe discrepan
cies, and at 5 o'clock this morning S. G.
Fleming, the cashier, was asked to resign
and was arrested on the charge of forgery
and embezzlement of $10,000.
The arrest was kept secret until this
afternoon, when Fleming was placed in
jail and the matter became public. The
news was a thunderbolt to tbe entire com
munity, as everybody hod the utmost con
fidence in him. He is a Knight Templar,
and has always been prominent in social
and churcn circles.
Coupled with the facts brought to light
to-day is another mystery, which has
hitherto remained unsolved. About a year
ago the bank was robbed of 15,000 in gold
and currency, and although the best de
tectives in the country had worked on the
case, they have never recovered the money,
captured the guilty parties or even fastened
a suspicion upon any one.
Fleming refuses to talk, and it is not
known that he could throw any light on
the $15,000 loss. The stockholders of the
bank are estimated to be worth many
times the amount of the entire deposits
and will make good the shortage. There
is universal regret over the affair. Mr.
Fleming has a mother, wife and child that
are very popular in the community.
■ ■ ■ ' ♦
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Coast Defense Works at San Francisco
to Be Erected.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.-The
Secretary of War, In compliance with the
coast and fortification act of Congress, is
arransrine: for the coast defense works at
New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Balti
more, Washington, and at San Francisco
and other Pacific Coast points. He returned
to-day from a trip of inspection of New
York Harbor. General Flagler, Chief of
Ordnance of Army Department, and Gene
ral Craighill, Chief of Engineers, will
plan the works on the general lines
adopted by the "Endicott" board. The
allotments to each port will be announced
this week.
Commander Whiting has been assigned
as commandant of Puget Sound Navy
yard.
John O. Woodbury of San Francisco is
at the Arlington.
Pensions : California. Original — Wil
liam Coleman, San Francisco. Original
widows, etc.— Martha de Morales, Capis
trano; Dora Metzler, San Francisco;
Honora Ryan, Oakland; minor of
Alfred P. Needles, San Francisco-
George Dutton, Pylito; Milton W. Copple
Chico; Thomas M. Arnold. Soldier's
Home, Los Angeles; Calvin R. Prooty,
National Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles-
Thomas Mcßride, Presidio, San Francisco!
Re-issue: Benjamin F. Talbot, Los An
geles. Original widow— Hattie E. Brock
way, Vallecito; Mary J. Ba»num (de
ceased). San Francisco; Sophia A. Auld,
Lemoore; minors of John A. Barnum,
San Francisco. Mexican War widow
Catharine Bickmore, Arroyo Grande.
Oregon: Original— William Lockhart,
McEwen; Richard Traul, Pendleton; Jesse
B. Alumbaugh, Portland; Anthony
Gannon, Roseburg; Smith Goodspeed
Harney; Francis A. Hines, Hillsboro. In
crease—Thomas B. Campbell. Whiteson.
Original widows, etc.— Annie Sheckells
Baker, Forest Grove; Charlotte E. Gibson
Milton. '
Wasnington: Original— Oliver Allen,
Manor; Josepn F. Dwelley, La Corner-
Marquis F. Baker, Shelton. Restoration
(special July 9)— George W. 8. H. Peregoy,
Coupeville. Original widows— Minerva J.
Shaw, Olympia; Mary E. Baird, Ostran
der.
Webster to Be Dismiss ed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.~Judge
Advocate-General Lemly of the navy has
received the report of the court-martial in
the case of Assistant Paymaster E. B.
Webster, stationed at Mare Island, CaJ.
The charge was that the paymaster took
cash instead of a bond from a clerk as a
means of indemnity and aid not return
the money when the cl«rk left the service.
The court finds Webster guilty and sen
tences him to dismissal.
Treasury Gold Reserve,
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.-The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day etood at $93,871,216. The day's
withdrawals were $2,333,100, of whicn
$2,000,000 was for export.
BRYAN RETURNS
TO FAIR NEBRASKA,
Residents of Lincoln Turn
Out to Greet the
Candidate.
RECEIVED WITH NOISE.
Steam Whistles, Cannons, Herns
and Firecrackers Make the
Night Hideous.
ESCORTED BY A BIG PARADE.
At the Legislative Building the Boy
Orator Tells the Pecp'e How
He Loves Them.
LINCOLN, Nbbb., July 17.— T0-night
Lincoln is delirious. The delirium began
when the train bearing William J. Bryan
was sighted by the thousands gathered in
and about the railway station. How
many thousands there were it would be
difficult to estimate. Men, women and
children with tin horns, which they Blew
lustily, steam calliopes, steam whistles,
cannon, firecrackers and everything else
that could be conveniently handled, helped
turn the vicinity of the station into a
pandemonium.
As Mr. and Mrs. Bryan, with the Lin
coin contingent that had gone to meet
them, stepped from the train a mighty
howl went np from tbe crowd, and then
began the din of artificial noise. Shrieks
grunts, whistles and yowls continued with
a persistence that showed a keen enjoy
ment on the part of those handling the
instruments of torture.
In some way Mr. and Mrs. Bryan, their
children and the others with them man
aged to get through the assembled masses
and were placed in carriages. Mayor Gra
ham and a reception committee had
charge of the arrangements and under
their direction the nominee's party were
conducted to the Bryan residence. 1625
street, where neighbors and friends were
waiting to give them hearty welcome.
The house had been decorated profusely
and an informal reception was held by
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan until supper was an
nounced. There was a hasty meal, for the
procession that was to escort the Demo
cratic candidate to the Btate capitol w*s
already forming and people were getting
impatient for another chance to cheer.
At 8:30 o'clock Mr. Bryan went to the
Lincoln Hotel in a carriage to take his
place in tbe parade, Mrs. Bryan
ana ft number of friends proceed
ing directly to the Legislative build
ing. It had begun to rain by
this time, but the ardor of the people was
not diminished, and when Mr. Bryan
drove up to the hotel he was greeted with
a repetition of the delirious enthusiasm,
expressed by lung power and by tbe in
struments of torture that had been given
him on his arrival at the railway station.
Then the procession was Btarted for the
State house. A platoon of police led the
parade. First came F. A. Miller, chief
marshal, and his staff, including a number
of army and National Guard officers, fol
lowed by the Second Regiment band and
the Lincoln Light Infantry. Mr. Bryan
came next, and after him Company S of
the Firs: Regiment of the N. N. G. State,
county and city officials followed in turn,
and the rest of the procession was made
up of civic organizations of every charac
ter, including traveling men and relief so
cieties.
The Bryan Home Guards bore flambeau*
and discharged rockets, while many of the
other paraders also indulged in pyrotech
nic display. A brass band headed nearly
every organization and there was no lack
of musical effort.
Packed in the rain outside the State
house were people by the thousands.
They cared nothing for the wet under foot
and the wet overhead, and stood in the
mud us patiently as if it had been the
most propitious weather. And their en
thusiasm was something wonderful.
Nearly every young man and woman
waa armed with a tin horn and they
spared not their lungs. But their cheers
drowned out all other attempts at ex
pressing feeling. When Mr. Bryan was
introduced the shout that went up was a
mighty one and it was repeated over and
over again.
A temporary platform had been erected
at the nortn entrance of tbe building and
from this Mr. Bryan spoke as follows :
Fellow citizens: I am proud to-night to be
able to say to those who are assembled here,
these are our neighbors. [Applause.] I beg to
express to Republican*, Democrats. Populists,
Prohibitionists and all the parties the grati
tude which we feel for this magnificent demon
stration. I say we, because she who has shared
my struggles deserves her full share of all the
honors tbat may come to me. [Applause.]
Tnis scene to-night recalls the day nine years
ago this month, when by accident rather than
by design I flrat set foot within the limits of
the city of Lincoln. I remember the day, be
cause I fell In love with the town and then
made the resolve to make it my future home.
[Great cheering.] I came among you a stranger
in a strange land, and yet no people have
treated a st ranger more kindly than you have
treated me, and I desire to express to-night
not only our grateful appreciation of all the
kindness, socially and politically, that you
Lave shown to us, but to give to you the as
surance that if by tbe suffrage of our country
men, I, lor a short time, occupy tbe most hon
orable place in the gift of the people, that I
shall return to the people who first took me in
tb.Hr arms. [Applause.]
This shall be my home. And when earthly
honors have passed away I shall mingle my
ashes with the dust of this beloved State. This
is no political gathering. I see here the faces
oi tbose wbo will not be with me on the issues
of tbe day} but I am so glad tbat love can leap
across party lines and bind in holy friendship
judgments that go apart.
I thanK the Mayor of this great city for the
charity which he has shown to-day. I thank
those of all parties who have been willing for
a moment to forgot differences that exist be
tween us ana join in celebrating tbe fact that
at last tbe nomination for President has
crossed the Missouri River. [Great cheering
and loud and long applause.] We are glad
that the Prohibition party came to our city for
its candidate, and if tbe great Republican
party, which for so many years has dominated
in the councils of tbe Nation, bad selected a
Nebraska man for tbe head of the ticket I
should have led you in honoring him, re
gardless of what his opinions might bave been.
[Great applause.]
I am glad that the other Biates of this Na
tion, east and south and west, will bave their
attentions turned toward this great prairie
Sta;e and toward thta capital city. I believe,
my friends, that when our fellow-citizens in
other sections of this land shall have become
acquainted with the people of this State they
will pay all honor to us, and it will be a tie to
bind us all in common love of the greatest
Nation on God's footstool to-day. [Applause.]
And now, until I can see each one of you
personally and express my thanks by the pres
sure of the hand or by my voice, permit me to
bid you all, in behalf of my wife and myself,
good-nlghu [Long and continued applause.]
After the speaking Mr. and Mrs. Bryan
standing in the rotunda of the house re
ceived a vast concourse of people. They
were assisted in receiving by Mr. and Mrs.
M. D. Welch, Dr. and Mrs. C. L. Ladd,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Hudson, Mr. and
Mrs. R. P. B. Miller and Mr. and Mrs. A.
E. Hargreaves and many of tbe State
officials.
SPEECHES ON THE WAY.
Many People Greet the Democratic
Nominee During the Journey
to Lincoln.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 17.— W. J.
Bryan and family left Kansas City for
Lincoln, Nebr., at 11 o'clock this morning
on the Burlington road in a special car
engaged by his Lincoln friends. A party
of Lincoln people came to Kansas City to
greet Bryan and ho returned home as
their guest. Before he reached Kansas
City he was iniormed of the reports circu
lated here that he was a member of the
A. P. A. end of the Junior Order of Amer
ican Mechanics. He denied that he is or
ever had been a member of either order. In
his speech last night he took occasion to
speak of the right of freedom of religious
worship. After he is notified of his nom
ination he will speak on the subject of
liberty ie the ezercise of conscience and
belief.
When Bryan reached the Union station
in Kansas City he found a large crowd
assembled there, cheering lustily. In re
sponse to the cries of "Speech," he
stepped to the rear platform 6f the car
and said: "We are going West in a few
minutes; with your kind assistance we
will go East next year."
Heavy rain fell during the morning.
At East Leavenworth, Weston and Ar
mour the crowds were waiting in pouring
rain. The train stopped only a minute.
Bryan bowed to the crowd from the rear
of the newspaper-car.
The train arrived at St. Joseph at 12:30
P. M. The station platform was packed
with people. They swarmed around the
temporary platform near the track on
which the train stood and shouted en
thusiastically. Bryan wa3 introduced by
Calvin Burns, president ot the National
bank, and made an address which was
frequently interrupted by cheers. The
train left at 1:05, followed by more cheers.
Several hundred people were assembled
at the Francis-street station in St. Joseph
and with many of these Mr. Bryan shook
hands.
At Forest City, Mo., there was a big
crowd and a band and the hand-shaking
was reDeated. A royal welcome to his
own State was given Mr. Bryan. The first
town after crossing the Missouri into Ne
braska was Rulo, and althongh the place
is small in population it was not lacking
in ability to make a noise. There was
something strikingly similar to a railway
hold-up or lynching bee in the manner
adopled by Rnlo in letting the Democratic
candidate know he was in the land of his
friends and neighbors. As the train came
to a standstill three score of men rushed
forward and began firing their shotguns
and rifles with which they were armed.
Then a brass band composed of boys
struck up an air of welcome. When Mr.
Bryan appeared on the platform a great
shout went up from the crowd at the sta
tion. Then there was a rush for the train
and in a miuute the nominee was in a
maelstrom of wildly excited and enthusi
astic residents of Rulo.
A woman rushed up with a baby in her
arms and managed to say that the young
ster was William Jennings Bryan Jones or
some other family name. Men pushj d
forward and said "God bles3 you," and
women struggled for a handshake. Mr.
Bryan did not speak at Rulo, and the train
pulled out amid the blowing of steam
whistles and the cheering of the inhabit
ants.
At Falls City nearly 500 Nebraskans were
gathered at the little depot to meet Mr.
Bryan, and when he appeared on the plat
form of the car he was greeted with cheers
of welcome. After shaking hands with a
large number Mr. Bryan said he was ex
ceedingly gratified at the reception ac
corded him on his return to his native
State. He said that of all the counties in
Nebraska none was more loyal than Rich
ardson County. In his two campaigns for
Congress Richardson had given him a ma
jority, and he trusted that this fall she
would not be behind her record of former
years. He was glad to see so many of Ne
braska's citizens present for another rea
son. He wanted the newspaper men on
the train to Jook into their faces and carry
the news to the East tbat the people of
Nebraska can be trusted with the Govern
ment.
Humboldt turned out a large crowd, wbo
greeted Mr. Bryan warmly and rushed for
ward to shake hands with him. The whole
population appeared to have turned out
at Table Rock, and as at St. Joseph and
several other places, Mrs. Bryan was
deluged with flowers. An anvil salute as
sisted the great audience there in giving
vent to its enthusiasm, and when Mr.
Bryan, escorted by William H. Jennings,
walked down the platform to a temporary
dais, the people went wild. Mr. Jennings
introduced Mr. Bryan, and the latter re
sponded in a feeling little speech. He said:
Ladies and gentlemen— l hardly know what
to say. I supposed that when I came back to
Nebraska I would be met by some enthusiastic
friends, who have been loyal during years past,
and by some that have been endeared by ties
of personal friendship; but I hardly expected
that from Bulo, where we entered the State, to
this point such continued manilestations of
your affection. I came to Nebraska a young
man, knowing none of you, and I cannot com
plain of what Nebraska has done for me. If I
have been able to do for Nebraska some part
of what sbe has done for me, I have done a
great deal. 1 owe to the Nebraska people what
there has been of my public life.
Although I have been made the nominee I
come back just as I came nine years ago, a
private citizen, who will vie with you in pub
lic as in private in doing what seems best for
the glory of the country and the welfare of
our people. If I should talk until the end of
the campaign, if I were able to speak all the
languages of the world, all the tongues of
Christendom, I should not be able to express
how I thank you from my heart foryour kindly
feelings manifested, and for what you have
done for me. My hignest ambition is to live
that those who have put their trust in me will
never have cause to regret it. [Cheers.]
The reception committees from Lincoln
joined the party at Table Rock. A dele
gation from the Lincoln Sorosia Club also
greeted Mrs. Bryan there.
Elk City had its cheering crowd and
Tecumseh turned out 400 people and a
brass band, which boarded the train and
accompanied it to Lincoln. There were
flowers galore for Mr. and Mrs. Bryan at
Tecumseh, and some of the people pelted
them with fragrant blooms. The people
were on hand to shake Mr. Bryan's hand
and to cheer or to call for some remarks,
and they shook with might and main.
Just before leaving Tecumseh Mr^Bryan
announced that it had been finally deter
mined that the official notification of his
nomination should take place in New
York. He said the date had not u** n
fixed, but it would probably be arranged
to have tbe demonstration daring the first
week in August.
People poured into the train at several
stations and rode short distances, the bet
ter to get an opportunity to see the nomi
nee. Many ladies in addition to the Soro
sis contingent were in tbe Lincoln party
that joined the train at Tecumseh. and as
nearly all were friends of Mrs. Bryan
things began to assume quite a homelike
air.
A knot of people cheered at Smartville
as the train whirled past, and at Sterling,
where a stop of a minute was made, those
assembled there gave three cheers and a
tiger.
One little incident occurred at Sterling
was witnessed with tbe greatest interest
by tbose in the car in which Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan happened to be at the time. The
tinerer of Grace Bryan was caught under a
falling window sasb, and the pitiful cries
of the little one brought Mrs. Bryan
to its side. She took the youngster in her
arms and bound the injured ringer with
a pocket-handkerchief, talking soothingly
all the while. Mr. Bryan also did what
he could to quiet the child, and their com
bined efforts finally had the desired effect.
Adams turned out 100 of its population;
Firth had a contingent of enthused inhab
itants and their cheers was augmented by
the steam-whistle oi a roller-mill and an
anvil salute. It was tbe same story again
at Hickman, the last. stopping place be
fore reaching Lincoln.
The train rolled into the Union depot at
Lincoln at 7 o'clock and Mr. Bryan was
given a tremendous ovation by the assem
bled thousands.
It* fused to Indorse Bryan.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 17.— The Pop
ulist State Convention to elect deleeatesto
St. Louis and nominate a State ticket was
held hereto-day. Bui seventeen delegates
were present. The delegates elected to St.
Louis are: William Brown, Sheridan
County; D. A. Kingsbury, Johnson Coun
ty; James Zeniner, Albany ; Henry Breit
enstein, Albany; D. H. Davis, Sweetwater;
Frank Kelchum, Laramie. Resolutions
instructing the delegates to indorse Bryan
in the National Convention were voted
down. C. W. Randall andF. M. Matthews,
ot Laramie County, and D. L. Van Meter
of Crook County were nominated for Pres
idential electors. William Brown was
nominated for Congress. The Omaha
platform of 1892 was reaffirmed.
THE BELVINS' TROUBLES
An Application for Alimony Made
by the Mining Man's
Wife.
Parties to the Controversy Well
Known in San Francisco and.
the South.
N. V., July 17.— An appli
cation was made in the Supreme Court,
before Justice Stover, to-day for an allow
ance of alimony and counsel fees for Re
becca Wentworth Belvin in the suit for
absolute divorce which she has brought
against her husband, William Main Bel
vin. Both of the parties are said to have
been prominent in social circles here, in
San Francisco and in the South.
Mrs. Belvin in her complaint alleges
that they have been married six years and
have no children. For some time, she
says, they have been living on an elabor
ate scale here at the Fifth-avenue, Marl
borough and Cerlach hotels. They were
living in the latter hotel up to June last,
when the separation took place.
The plaintiff says that her Husband is a
rich promoter and mine-owner, having in
terests in the Victor, Eagle and Eclipse
mines in Cripple Creek and also in the
Colombian Railway Company of the
United States of Colombia, tike says that
their living expenses have been at least
$7000 a year, and that he lately made
$10,000 for promoting a company.
In answer Belvin makes charges of im
morality against his wife. He denies,
through his counsel, that he is interested
in any of the mines mentioned and he is
merely a promoter in placing stocks.
He alleges that he is without means
now and that there are many judgments
against him which aggregate large
amounts and which be is unable to pay.
He says also that not long ago he gave his
wife twenty-four city lots in the city of
Seattle, Wash., fourteen of which she sold
at $700 apiece, still retaining the other ten.
Justice Stover reserved his decision.
REPULSED THE NOGRERS.
Bandits Attacked a Mexican Hacienda
and five of Ihem fVero Killed.
DURANGO, Mex., July 17.— The over
land mail courier who arrived here yester
day from Mazatlan brings the news of an
assault made by a band of brigands upon
the large sugar hacienda of Enrique
Rodriguez, a few miles south of Mazatlan.
The outlaws made an attack on the resi
dence of Rodriguez for the purpose of
robbing the place of money and valuables.
The assault was vigorously resisted by
an armed force of workmen, headed by
Rodriguez, and five of the bandits were
killed. None of tbe defending party were
injured. The defeated outlaws escaped in
a boat and are being pursued.
Russell* Remains Shipped.
ST. ADELAIDE DE PABOS, Quebec,
July 17.— The remains of the late ex-Gov
ernor Russell of Massachusetts were taken
from here on the steamer Admiral last
night and transferred to the train for Bos
ton at Dalhousie this morning.
NEW TO-DAY.
'• ' ■ ■ m in " ' •■-•'• . ,-..:. •.■■..■•
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the UJ HUN YADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary.
•'Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesium
sulphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters— always of the same strength, which is.
Sof course, a matter of great importance."— New York Medical Journal
" A much-esteemed purgative water."—" Its composition is constant. The practitioner
is thus-enabled to prescribe definite quantities for definite results."— Natural
Water:"— The Lancet. -
" Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which have long been
wanting in the best-known Hunyadi waters.*— Agreeable to the palate."— "Excep-
tionally efficacious."— -^n/KA Medical Journal.
Belongs to that large class of aperient waters which come from the neighbourhood of
Buda Pest, commonly known under the generic name of Hunyadi."—" Contains a large
amount of lithia: Specially marked out for the treatment of gouty patients." Mtdical
Press and Circular.  , xj,
Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle. : *
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters:
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
, SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
TheApolunaris Company, Limited. v
RIOTERS CHARGED
BY THE MILITIA,
Bayonets Turned Upon the
Brown Hoisting Works
Strikers.
WOMEN JOIN THE MOB,
And Several Are Wounded Dur
ing the Frequent Encoun
ters on tbe Streets.
THE SITUATION MOW OMINOUS.
It Is Feared That the Five Companies
of Troops and Police Cannot
Maintain Order.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 17.— The bit
terest fight since the strike at tbe Brown
Hoisting Works began occurred this even
ing. The strikers had been ugly all day,
and many of them were injured in the
several collisions of the day. The mem
bers of the mob were in a vicious mood,
and whenever a lone soldier or policeman
was encountered violence was attempted.
The troops from 2 p. M. were constantly
under arms and had great difficulty in
clearing tbe streets. As socn as a charge
was ended, however, the mob, which early
in the afternoon numbered 5000, would
flow back at the line of steel like a wave of
the sea and again begin to hoot and throw
stones. When the worgmen had been
taken away at 5 o'clock and the troops
were returning to their quarters at the
works another vengeful rally was made
upon Company F.
Again a charge was made ana cold steel
waa driven home, so that many of the
rioters had to be helped away. At this
time some one sent In a general alarm to
the police station and every patrol-wagon
was soon dashing through the streets,
causing the wildest rumors among the
thousands on their way home from. work.
There was no need of the police re-enforce
ments, however, and th« crowd, which
had been swelled to 15,000, began to melt
away.
It looked as though the trouble was
ended, but at 7 o'clock to-night an assault
was made on a soldier who wsb passing
along Willson avenue. He fought desper
ately, as did also a policeman who hurried
to his aid.
A squad of troops came to their rescue,
bat not before the officers had been beaten
into insensibility. Again tbe patrol- wagons
rushed to the scene and had all they could
do to force a passage through the angry
mob. An outbreak is expected during tbe
night. Just how many strikers were hurt
is uncertain. Two, both severely stabbed
with bayonets, are lying at the St. Clair
Hospital. They are Thomas McGreavey
and Thomas Garrety.
John Russell, the crippled gate-tender
who was thrown from a car by the strikers
Tuesday night, died to-day. An effort is
beine made to trace his assailants.
Private Watchman Owen Murphy, who
attempted to protect a militiaman to
night, was struck on the bead with a brick,
and while lying on the ground was kicked,
receiving injuries which may prove fatal.
He was only saved from instant death by
a charge made by Company F.
There were many women in the mob,
and they were the most bitter, and as they
refused to move some of them were injured
by bayonet thrusts.
The situation at midnight is ominous.
The streets about the vicinity of the works
are Deing patroled by soldiers and police.
The works are a mile from the nearest po
lice station, and it is not considered safe
to withdraw the men who have been on
duty all day, although five companies of
troops are on the ground.
Indent Order of Hibernians.
DETROIT, Mich., July 17.— The Ancient
Order of Hibernians' convention wound
up its business to-day. The report of the
committee on resolutions declared that
any controlling of the ballot of any mem
ber is foreign to the society and will not
be tolerated. The convention decided to
have an A. O. H. National holiday on
June 21, 1898, in commemoration of the
struggle for the freedom of Ireland. P. J.
O'Connor was re-eiected president and
John C. Weadock retains the office of vice
president.
The Retail J/'welers.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., July 17.— The
National Retail Jewelers' Association,
which has been in session for the past
three days, has elected the following offi
cers: President, Richard O'Neil, Lincoln,
Nebr.; vice-president, O. O. Stillman,
New Brunswick. N. J. ; secretary, A. Han
nis, York, Nebr. The next convention
will be held in Detroit.
Vanderbilt Improves.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 17.— Mr. Van
derbilt has steadily progressed during the
day and is much better this evening.AN EXCHANGE OF
CORRESPONDENCE,
Efforts of Great Britain and
the United States To
ward Arbitration.
FOR A GENERAL TREATY.
Thirteen Communications Made
Public by the State De
partment.
OLNEY AND SALISBURY'S IDEAS.
Various Methods Proposed for a Set
tlement of the Venezuelan and
Other Disputes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.— The
efforts of the United States and Great
Britain to agree upon a general arbitra
tion treaty for the settlement of all con
troversies through the establishment of a
permanent tribunal, as well as the diplo
matic negotiations toward solving the
Venezuelan problem, are set forth in thir
teen communications made public by the
State Department to-ni^ht.
While they constitute the first authori
tative disclosures upon these great ques
tions since President Cleveland's famous
Cnristmastide messase to Congress, it will
be found that previous reports of the
United Press of the negotiations between
the two Governments have accurately out
lined the course of events.
Little substantial progress toward a gen
eral arbitration treaty is disclosed by the
documents. An outline in part of the
posed procedure is laid down and t.'ie
views of the two Governments are so ex
plicitly stated that future discussion may
be confined towards narrowing tbe few j
divergencies of method. The further fact j
is made apparent that the United States j
has not relaxed its vigilance in demanding
a just settlement of the Venezuelan
boundary question, and has rejected the
British proposals for arbitrating that dis
pute under terms involving the surrender
of any part of Venezuela's claims.
The correspondence opens with a letter
from Embassador Bayard to Lord Salis
bury, dated February 27 last, proposing
an entrance forthwith upon negotiations
concerning the Guiana boundary ques
tion at Washington between the British
Embassador and the Secretary of State.
Mr. Bayard added that Secretary Olney
greatly aesired that there should be pro
pounded a clear definition of the "settle
ruents" by individuals in the disputed ter
ritory, which it was understood Great
Britain wished excluded from the pro
posed arbitration.
Lord Salisbury in reply on March 3 said
his Government readily concurred in the
suggestion and sent instructions to Sir
Julian Pauncefote, directing him to dis
cuss the question, and with the Venezue
lan representative or the United States,
acting as the friend of Venezuela. He had
asked the Secretary of State for the colo
nies for the precise meaning attached to
the word "settlements."
Lord Salisbury's instructions to Bir
Julian Pauncefote, dated March 5, form
the third document, and are devoted to the
system for general international arbitra
tions, negotiations of the establishment
of which had been ruptured by Secretary
Gresnam's death.
Lord Salisbury submits a draft of a
treaty for arbitration, which provides that
her Britannic Majesty and the President
of the United States shall each appoint
two or more permanent judicial -officers
for the purpose of the treaty and on the
appearance of any difference between the
two powers which, in the judgment of
either of them, cannot be settled by nego
tiation, each of them shall designate one
of the said officers as arbitrator, and the
two arbitrators shall hear and determine
any matter referred to them in accordance
with this treaty.
Be'ore entering on such arbitration the
arbitrators shall select an umpire, by whom
any question upon which they disagree,
whether interlocutory or final, shall be de
cided. The decision of such an umpire
upon any interlocutory question shall be
binding upon the arbitrators. The deter
mination by the arbitrators, or if they dis
agree, the decision of the umpire shall be
the award upon the matters referred. All
pecuniary claims amounting to more than
£100,000 for damages or indemnity, all
questions affecting diplomatic or consular
privileges, alleged right of fishery, acce-s,
navigation or commercial privilege, and
all questions referred by special agreement
between the two parties, shall be referred
to arbitration and the decision ghall be
fJnaL
In cases of questions of fact or of finter
national law involving territory or terri
torial rights, sovereignty or claims involv
ing more than £100,000, the decision of the
board of arbitration shall be subject to re
view within three months by a court
composed of three of the Judges of the
Supreme Court of Great Britain and three
of the Judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and if this conrt shall de
termine by a majority of not less than five
to one on any issue the award shall be
final, but in default of such determination
It shall not be valid. If no protest is en
tered by either power against the award
within the time limited it shall be final.
Any difference in the judgment of either
power affecting its honor or tbe integrity
of us territory shall not be referred to ar
bitratioa under the treaty, exceot by spe
cial agreement, but any difference what
ever by agreement between the two powers
may be referred for decision by arbitra
tration with the stipulations that unless
accepted by both powers the decision shall
not be valid.
In the instructions Sir Julian is told
that all matters in dispnte cannot be re
ferred to arbitration upou issues involv
ing nattoi.al honor or integrity, but within
this wide range the United States desires
to co further than Great Britain.
Secretary Olney, in reply to April 11, de
clares that Lord Salisbury's proposals are
welcomed with the keenest appreciation
of their value, and of the enlightened and
progressive spirit which animates them.
But by the direction of the President he
proposes as a substitute an amendment
that arbitration shall also be obligatory in
respect to all questions now pending or
hereafter arising involving territorial
rights, boundaries, sovereignty or jurisdic
tion, or a pecuniary claim or group of
claims aggregating a sum larger than
£103,000, and in respect of all controver
sies not in this treaty specially described.
Provided, however, that either Congress or
Parliament may withdraw the same from
the operation of tnis treaty, or if Congress
or Parliament be not in session, any mat
ters in dispute shall not be submitted to
arbitration until these bodies have had op
portunity to take action thereon.
In the case of controversies the award
shall be final if concurred in by all the
arbitrators. If assented to by a majority
only the award shall be tinal unless one
of the parties within three months of its
promulgation shall protest in writing to
the other that the award is erroneous in
respect ot issue of fact or of law. In every
such case the award shall be reviewed by
a court composed of three Supreme Judges
of Great Britain and the United States,
wno shall agree upon three learndd and
impartial jurists to be added to said court
in case they shall be equally divided upon
the award to be made. The award of the
court so constituted, whether rendered
unanimously or by a majority vote shall
be final.
These amendments, Secretary Olney
argues, make all disputes prima facie
arbitrable and places where it belongs on
Congress and Parliament the rest and
power to decide whether they are arbitra
ble or demand assertion by force of arms.
By the scheme as amended the contro
versy is finally ended whereas under the
original proposition there would be an
award only in the rare cases in which the
six appellate arbitrators favored it, either
as unanimously or by a majority of five to
one. Mr. Olney thinks such arrange
ments would be dangerous. In all cases
in which the arbitrators were equally
divided or stood four to two, public feeling
in each country would be aroused by the
protracted proceedings and the chances of
a peaceful outcome would be rather preju
diced than promoted.
It is also pointed out that the United
States having no European alliances has
more to fear than Great Britain from the
bias of foreign judges. Secretary Olney
finally contends that to insist udoq an
arbitration scheme so constructed that
miscarriages of justice can never occur is
to insist upon the unattainable, and is
equivalent to a relinquishment altogether
of the effort in behalf of a general system
of international arbitration. An approx
imation to truth — results which, on the
average and in the long run conform to
right and justice, is all that the lot of
humanity permits us to expect from any
plan.
In conclusion Secretary Olney says: "It
only remains to observe that if the amend
ments should prove acceptable, no reason
is perceived why the pending boundary
dispute should not be brought within the
treaty by express words of inclusion. If,
however, no treaty for general arbitration
can be now expected, it cannot be im
proper to add that the Venezuelan bound
ary dispute seems to offer a good opportu
nity for one of those tentative experiments
at arbitration which, a« Lord Salisbury
justly intimates, would be of decided ad
vantage as tending to indicate the lines
upon which a scheme for general arbitra
tion can be judiciously drawn."
On May 8 Secretary Olney forwarded
through Embassador Bcyard a request
from the Venezuelan Commission sittinc
in Washington for reference as to the
claims set forth in the British blue book of
English sovereignty over the coast be
tween Pomeroon and Point Barima, for
which the commission said it had been
unable to find any warrant, and on May 30
Sord Salisbury sent Mr. Bayard a mem
orandum on the subject, and took the
opportunity to promise cordial assistance
to the commission in its search for facts.
Lord Salisbury, writing on May 18 to
Sir Julian Pauncefote in rejoinder to Secre
tary Olney's counter-proposals, disclaims
any intention to exclude the Venezuelan
dispute, but holds that the system of arbi
tration ouuht to be applicable to all civil
ized countries.
He says he fears the first result of com
pulsory arbitration of territorial claims
will be an enormous multiplication of
their number, and he questions whether
the benefits of preventing war from such
disputes may not be outweighed by a sys
tem generating a multiplicity of interna
tional litigation, blighting the prosperity
of the border countries exposed to it, and
leaving the inhabitants under the endur
ing threat either of a forcible change of al
legiance or of exile.
Sir Julian Pauncefot* on June 1 had a
conference with Secretary Olney regard
ing the Venezuelan controversy, and ten
days later sent the Secretary the instruc
tions from Lord Salisbury, upon which his
visit had been based.
In these, under date of May 22, the
British Premier foresees the possibility of
failure in the attempt to agree on the gen
eral arbitration system and proposed set
tlement of the Venezuelan dispute in
which he declares from the first it has
been objectionable to subject to the de
cision of an arbitrator, who in the last re
sort must of necessity be a foreigner, the
rights of the British colonists who have
settled in the country believing it to be
British. A commission consisting of four
members, two to be British subjects and
two citizens of tne United States, is pro
posed to report upon the facts which affect
the rights of Spain and Holland at the
date of Great Britain's acquisition of
British Guiana.
Upon the report of such commission it
is stipulated that Great Britain and
Venezuela shall endeavor to agree on a
boundary, but failing in this a tribunal
was to be appointed, one British, one
Venezuelan, and they to select a third,
who should fix the line of boundary. But
with a proviso that it should not include
as Venezuelan territory any territory
which was occupied by Britisb colonists
on or before January 1, 1887, or as territory
of Great Britain any occupied by the
Venezuelans at the same time.
Mr. Olney on July 12 writes that his
Government was unable to treat tnis pro
posal as well adapted to bring the dispute
to a speedy conclusion or as giving due
recognition to the just rights of the par
ties concerned, end declares that in the
opinion of the United States Lord Salis
bury's proposals can be made to meet the
requirements and justice of the case only
if amended along the following lines:
The commission upon facts should be con
stituted by adding one or more members, that
it must reach a result and cannot become
abortive and possibly mischievous. That com
mission should have power to report upon all
the facts necessary to the decision of the 1
boundary controvergy, including tne facts
pertaining to the occupation of the disputed
territory by British subjects.
The proviso by which the boundary line as
drawn by the arbitration tribunal of three is
not to include territory bona nde occupied by
British subjects or Vonezuelan citizens on the
Ist. of January, 1887, should be stricken out
altogether, or there might be substituted for
it the following: "Provided, however, that in
fixing such line if territory of one party be
found in the occupation of the subjects or
citizens of the other party, such weight and
effect be given to such occupation as reason,
justice, the rules of International law and the
equities of the particular case may appear to
require."
On the same day— June 12— Secretary
Oiney acknowledged the copy of Lord
Salisbury's dispatch of May IS, and prom
ised speedy consideration, but declared
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
that in the meantime he desired to again j
call attention to the fact that so far as the
Venezuelan dispute was concerned the
position of the United States had been
plainly defined, not only by the executive,
| but by the unanimous concurring action
of both branches of Congress, and that a
genuine arbitration finally disposing of
! the controversy would be cordially wel
! corned.
The correspondence ends with a letter
June 22 from Secretary Olney to Sir Julian
Pauncefote in which be replied to Lord
Salisbury's of May 18. He finds that Lord
[•Salisbury's dispatch discards all general
| phraseology, and makes a clear distinction
! between non-arbitrable or territorial con
j troversies and ail others.
The advantages of this sharp division
line, he thinks, are very great, and the
fact that it has been drawn shows that the
progress of the discussion is eliminating
all but the vital points of difference.
Secretary Olney then proceeds to show
that if Lord Salisbury's plan of reckoning
an award could be permitted there would
Ibe no real arbitration at all. He insists
that the acceptance should be in advance.
The American plan is to reserve the
right not to go into an arbitration if the
territorial claim in dispute involves Na
tional honor and integrity. The British
proposals also reserve this right. The
vital difference, he aaya, is that under the
British plan "the parties enter into an
arbitration and determine afterward,
when they know tue result, whether they
will be bound or not. Under the pro
posals of the United States the parties
enter into en arbitration, having de
termined beforehand that they will
be bound. The latter is a genuine arbi
tration ; the former is a more imitation
which may have its uses, but like all other
imitations cannot compare in value with
the real article."
The document then goes into a techni
cal legal discussion of international law
as applicable to territory and closes with
the following keen point: "By the
original proposals»of Lord Salisbury con
tained in the dispatch of March 5 last a
protested award is to be void unless sus
tained by the appellate tribunal of six
judges by a vote of five to one.
"He has since suggested that suchpro -
tested award may be allowed to stand
unJess a tribunal of five Supreme Court
Judges of the protesting country shall set
it aside for some error of fact or some
error in law. Without committing my
self on the point, it occurs to me as worthy
of consideration whether the original pro
posals might not be so varied that the
protested award should stand unless set
aside by the appellate tribunal by the
specified majority. Such a change would
go far in the direction of removing that
want of finality to the proceedings which,
as has been urged in previous dispatches,
is the great objection to the original pro
posals." *
Up to this date the Secretary has re
ceived no reply to the foregoing com
munication.
LONDON, Eng., July 17.— 1n the House
of Lords to-day Lord Salisbury laid upon
the table of that body the papers relating
to the boundary dispute between Great
Britain and Venezuela. Lord Salisbury
stated that concurrently with the nego
tiations which were in progress with the
United States in regard to the dispute be
tween Great Britain and Venezuela, ne
gotiations were also going on between the
British and American Governments con
templating the establishment of a scheme
for general arbitration of questions which
might arise between the two nations.
This, however, he said, was a matter which
required great care and circumspection.
Lord Salisbury said negotiations be
tween the United States and Great Britain
I were still incomplete, but are advancing
amicably. In the first and the smaller
question with Venezuela, upon which
negotiations had been carried with the
United States rather than Venezuela, no
conclusion had as yet been arrived at.
The Government had never thought
that the question of the ownership of set
i tied territory ought to be arbitrated. In
; the question of unsettled country the
I Government had always been ready to
j arbitrate, but it was necessary to distin
| guish between the two. It was impossible
I to proceed any faster than they had done,
! because they had not yet ootained tne
I full facts necessary to the adjustment of
; the case.
SANTA CLARA EXPERIMENT.
Stocking the Woods With Game Birds
and Streams With Trout.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— Santa Clara
County is being well stocked with song
and game birds by the Central California
Acclimation Society. This society was
organized in this city last December
and is composed of San Mateo, Santa
Cruz and Santa Clara counties. F. E.
Spencer is president and J. D. Mackenzie
secretary. It has a large membership.
Over 100 pairs of New Zealand meadow
larks have been imported and distributed
throughout the district.
The Zebia dove and the Plume dove of
New Zealand have also been introduced.
About sixty pairs of Japanese and Mon
golian pheasants have been distributed
among the society members. Other birds
have been brought here, and the society is
now endeavoring to acclimatize the night
in ale of New Zealand. Last season over
100,000 trout was distributed among the
streams of the county, ana the society
hopes to secure about the same number
for distribution this year.
Doves are rather plentiful this year, and
hunting parties in the vicinity of Ever
green and the footbUls have returned with
large numbers.
FIGHT WITH A BEAR.
Wathington Farmer Terribly Lacerated,
but WinM thr. Rattle]
TACOMA, Wabh., July 17.-The fiercest
bear-fight ever known in this section took
place yesterday at Long Branch between
Fedder Henricksen, a farmer 60 years old,
and a large black bear. It seems almost
marvelous that Henricksen is now alive,
as the furious besst cut him terribly with
his paws and chewed bis rijiht arm in a
frightful manner. Henricksen met bruin
in the woods half a mile from his borne
while hunting for some lost calves. Luckily
be had his gun and dog with him. He hit
the bear at tbe first tire and the dog at
tacked him.
When the bear sprang at him the dog
ran toward his master, the dear follow
ing. After putting two more shots into
him HenricKsen went at the beast with
the stock of his gun. Then occurred a
rough-and-tumble fight, in wuich Henrick
sen was ail but killed. He finally fell over
exhausted and bleeding, but not until
bruin had laid down to die, blood stream
ing from a dozen wouuds. Three hours
after tbe battle Henricksen 's son became
apprehensive and instituted a searcH. He
found his fati.er lying unconscious a few
rods from the dead bear. To-day he i»
about, but his arm may have to be
amputated. Brum has been skinned.
YALEY ROAD PROGRESS.
Will Be Completed to Fresno by the Mid
dle nf Auyust.
STOCKTON, Cat., July 17.-The Valley
Railroad will be completed to the city
limits of Fresno by August 15. To-day
the end of the track is only twenty-three
mjles from Fresno, for it has been cut
down at the rate of a mile and a half a
day since the Cuowchilla was passed.
The grading is finished to the Ban Joaquin
River, and between the riv»r and Fresno a
lar«e force of men is at work.
The line is now 100 miies long. Two
new engines arrived yesterday and fife
more are on their way from the East
• T- 1
Important admissions. See Barry's Star
to-day. •
DISMANTLING
THE COLOMBIA,
All Hope of Saving the
Steamer Has Been
Abandoned.
STRIPPING THE WRECK.
Everything Moveable Is Being
Transferred to the Schooner
Jewel.
CAPEES OF FI3EMAN COLLINS.
Vexing Tribulations of the Ship's
Baker, Whose Bird School Was
Broken Up.
ON BOARD P. M. 8. 8. COLOMBIA,
wrecked off Pigeon Point (via Pescadero,
Cal.), July 17.— T0-night the ocean is calm,
with a light wind coming in from the thin
fogbank to the west. There is a long,
graceful swell sweeping over the surface
of the waters of tbe little cove, slightly
rocking the stranded steamer and passing
on to break and die away on tne beach.
High over the waves that are peaceful now
and over the land, redolent with the hay
and over the wounded thing pros
trate on her bed of reef, the solemn white
tower stands and sends its flame afar, afar
to the ships at sea. The stranded vessel
has settled down on the rocks and is await
ing the end, the furious incoming of the
billows that will heave themselves against
her strong frame and crush it with their
irresistable power.
Through the rents in her bottom the
tides ebb ana flow, and the water stainß
on the bulkheads mark their rise and fall.
A glass gauge in the fireroom that once
told the level of the water within the
boiler now tells its height without. The
flood is washing through the coal-bunkers,
and the hulk seems filled with ink. It
flows outside, and tbe vessel wallows in
waves of Stygian blackness. There is
about twenty-five feet of water in the for
ward compartments and somewhat less aft
when the tide is high. But there will be
no more so long as the rocks are beneath
her; they have done their worst and are
holding her for the storm swell.
It is a cruel, a fatal, but a secure resting
place the Colombia found in the fog that
bewildered and misled her helmsman.
While the sea is still and the wind asleep
they are stripping the steamer, and two
schooners moored alongside are receiving
the plunder.
The cabin and stateroom furnishings
went long ago and now the heavy articles
are being removed. Wenches, anchors,
chains and all the machinery above the
water are hoisted out and sent away. Tne
splendid engines, which ran like a lady's
watch, cannot be moved now and must
probably share in tbe general destruction
that will overtake tbe hull. At present
they lie in twenty feet of black, oily water.
Tbe donkey engine is alive and is being
used to strip the hulk. However, its time
of labor is limited to low water, as the
rising tide floods its furnaces and the tores
quenched.
The genius of this forlorn hope is Fire
man Collins, and he is a hero. The iron
floor of the apartment being submerged,
he built a rude staging with a few planks.
These are .slung so that he can walk on
them from the coal-bunkers to the fur
nace. , There Collins stands and fights for
his fire. He occasionally stumbles on his
insecure perch and drops a shovel of coal
into tbe water and sometimes he drops
himself in, bat Collins never minds a lit
tle thing like that He watches flood
maiks on the bulkhead, and by this tide
guage, when it gets bo high, knows when
his staging will be covered and the waves
will lap over the grate-bars. Then he re
treats to the deck above and waits for low
water. The under part of the boiler is al
ways submerged, but he keeps steam on
with the upper part of the water in the
boiler and with his tire roaring to over
come the cold of the fluid that washes
around him.
This is the way Collins explains it, and
he insists that he knows all about donkey
engines. The check valves and other
parts of the machinery are out of sight,
but this invincible fireman rolls up his
sleeves and hunts around in the water un
til he finds them and all is well.
Collins? Collins is worth a column, but
be has other troubles and does not hesi
tate to tell them. He has only one pair of
shoes. Firemen in the Pacific Mail are
not gifted with many or expensive belong
ings and he wants to keep those shoes out
of the sea water, so he pulls them off and
goes barefoot when bis tide eauge on the
bulkhead marks the rising. Then, so he
says on his honor, the crabs clinging to
the staging nibble at his toes and bother
him in his work. Often he grows despe
rate and drops hot clinkers on the mis
chievous crusUcians.
Yesterday Collins thought he saw a seal
swimming around in tue compartment.
Visions of a new $750 jacket for Mrs. Col
lins floated through his mind and he pre
pared to secure the visitor. He called
Chief Steward Rodell and wanted to know
what kind of Dait he could land the crea
ture with. That person informed him
that there was a revenue officer on the
deck above, and an arrest for pelagic seal
ing might follow any attempt to capture
one of the furry wards of the Treasury
Department. Collins insisted that the
seal was now a part of the freight of the
Colombia, and that as it was of domestic
manufacture it was not subject to duty
and was out of the reach of the customs
officers.
Then he procured a boat hook and went
sealing in his aquarium. He crawled
carefully over the great engine's cylinder,
and after splashing aronnd for some time
captured the prize. It was a pair of his
own brown overalls, which he had lost
from his locker when the ship went on the
rock.
Yesterday morning Collins thought he
saw a trie codfish moving around a sub
merged brass steam gauge, as though it
was examining the shining thing, with
a view of having one made like it. That
fish, Collins thought, would be a tooth
some addition to the rather slender fare of
the fireman's table, where leathery salt
beef is tbe piece de resistance. Collins
doesn't think in such elegant language,
but that is about the idea running through
his ingenious and lively brain.
He procured several l?nes and hooks and
with bait calculated to lure things finny
from the vasty deep industriously fished
all day. He could not attend to his tackle
and keep bis almost flooded furnace hot,
so he made fast the lines to an electric
light wire and let them swing. No fish
came to Collins' hooks that day and the
lines bung limp and idle while the fire
men's mess discussed the strong eld salt
horse.
Tbe indomitable Collins says that when
the vessel hit the reef he was in a port
bunker with a lantern alter coal and one
of the sharp rocks pierced through close
to him. He examined the projection and
found it covered with shellfish, which he
immediately began to p— k off with his
shovel. Collins is an easy narrator.
Ship's Baker George Borowsky says the
crew of the schooner Jewel are pirates.
On the night tbe men abandoned the
steamer he carefully carried his five par
rots away with him, and in the morning
three of them had flown. He is sure the
sailors on the Jewel had much to do with
their flying. They were the most intelli
gent birds ever hatched in a Central Amer
ican tree, he tays, and under his instruc
tion were learning to express themselves
quite fluently. One of the lost pollies, the
first and brightest pupil of his bird school,
would recite a whole chapter of Chimmie
Fadden without a lapsus lingnse. So the
indignant baker brought his other feath
ered phonographs back to the steamer,
and if they catch the language be uses re
garding the Jewel pirates, they will not be
fit associates for nice birds or nice people.
Borowsky was the baker of the Colima
and missed sailing in her on her fatal trip.
He went up the dock on an errand, and
the steamer pulled out before his return.
He doesn't regret losing that job, as the
man who took his place is somewhere un
der tbe Mexican seas. He says he lost the
Colima by being stopped on the street by
a reporter who wanted to interview him,
consequently he looks upon a newspaper
man us his mascot. On the subject of
mascots, Chief Steward Rodell of the Co
lombia intimates that he is one, or was up
to last Tuesday. He has be^en at sea for
almost forty years and was never before
shipwrecked.
His last vessel was an Atlantic steamer
that for nine years had been in all kinds of
trouble. If a storm came in her locality
she caught it, and if there were no gales
around her she hunted for one. He went
aboard of her with his crip and mess
books, and straightaway ttiere was a calm
for that boat evermore. He admits, how
ever, that the Colombia's disaster crosses
just a corner of his mascot theory. ,
Captain Clark is beloved by his officers,
and one and all express sincere sorrow for
bis misfortune. Not a man of the latter
in the many interviews has uttered a word
against the master of the lost steamer.
Yesterday Vice-President Schwerin
visited the lighthouse and carefully noted
the bearings of Ano Nuevo Land from
Pigeon Point, and also tbe deep indenture
of the cove in which the Colombia lies.
Two steamers were passing several miles
west of tbe island and point and their dis
tance from the land was also carefully
noted by the observer. Several persons
here well acquainted with the locality
state that a strong current sets toward
the land just south of Pigeon Point, and
there is a possibility that the luckless
Colombia was caught and driven toward
the roef and with th ■ dense fog hiding all
his land bearings Captain Clark lose all
reckoning of liis actual position.
H,ate this evening at high tide the
steamer sits low with the water in her hull
far above the between decks. She is
almost on even keel and hardly moves in
her bed.
The sea continues smooth and only a
light wind is blowing. The large number
of visitors to the scene of tbe wreck has
not diminished, many comiiiK from a long
distance.
They bring their lunch and make a beach
picnic of their sightseeing.
Tom Geegobt.
RETURN OF THE CREW.
Chief Engineer Hurlie Thinks the Ma
--- chinery May Be Saved.
The Spreckels tug Reliance returned
' from the wreck of the Colombia yesterday
with , Chief Engineer Ilurlie, the second
and third mates, boatswain, quartermas
ters, some of the deckhands and some of
the coal-passers of the doomed vessel. - - -
f Only v a baker's dozen of the crew re
mained by the ship. The others simply
put on whatever clothes they had and
quit. • >
When I they, landed at Howard 1 No. 3,
they scattered in all directions. The only
complaint they had to . make was that
there was nothing to eat but hardtack.
When the vessel went ashore and every
thing movable was being transferred to
the steam scnooners, they say that the
chief steward cleaned out the pantry and
storeroom and almost everything eatable
wan sent to San Francisco.
Early' yesterday morning the Reliance
arrived with a store of provisions, but the
men were all prepared to leave and they
did so.
Chief Engineer Hurlie came up on busi
ness. He ,is of the opinion that the
machinery and boilers can be saved, and
is up .here to secure the necessary appli
ances. He says the vessel was resting
easily when he left, ana that the chances
are the Coloinoia will remain .in : her
present position for weeks. From present
indications excursionists will have a splen-
did opportunity of viewing the wreck
either to-day or to-morrow.
When the Reliance left the scene of the
disaster all the silverware, glassware,
crockery, carpets, furniture and fixtures
had been removed to the steam schooner
Jewell. In future the men will live on
her and no one will remain overnight on
the wreck. Much may yet be saved from
the Colombia, but si>e will never leave the
rocks except by piecemeal.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games in the National League
Yesterday.
" C1.UB8. .,*V Won. Lost. * e *£ u
Cincinnati ........:.....'..... 53 24 .688
Cleveland ..v.T.v.vr .':.■;.;. ;rr.. 47 24 .6«s»
Baltimore ...... 47 24 .662
Boston -41" 32' .661
Chicago .....;. 48 36 .544
Pittsburgh 39" 34 .534
Brooklyn ....... .V........ 39 39 .500
New York:. ..'.:.'.:."-.....■..:....:. ; 36 ; 87 .493
Philadelphia 35 40 .460
Washington..... ...•.'....: 81 37 .455
St. Louis....—. r.V... ...... 20 55 .266
Louisville .........;....-...'.. 17 52: .248
FITTSBURG, Pa., July 17.— Pittsburg won
from Philadelphia to-day, but the game
wound up in a disgraceful snarl. It was a
close game, and the home teuni was one run
in the lead when Philadelphia went to the bat
in the last innine. They batted Hastings for
three runs and took the lead with two to spare.
In PlttsbU'g's half the Ideal men filled the
bases on a close decision, with only one out.
Philadelphia kicked hard on the decision, ana
while the players were having it out at the
homeplate with the umpire Ely scored from
third. This further enraged the visitors, and
they called Umpire Betts all the names In the
category of toughs. Taylor struck the umpire
and Clements was only prevented from doing
so by Nash, who ran out an the field from the
bench. Taylor and Clements were both fined
and removed from the game. Carsey then
made a balk, allowing another run and tieing
the score.
Then the visitors all gathered about the um
pire again and the police had to be called.
When quiet had been restored Beckley singled
and the winning run was scored. The Phila
delphia management and players swear to
rn eh t that they wore robbed and that Betts
will be removed. Score: Pittsburgs— B, 12, 0;
Philadelphias-7. 12, 2. Batteries-Hastings
andMermt; Taylor and Gumbert. Umpire—
Betts.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 17.— BotK pitchers
were hit hard to-aay, but Young was the
steadier of the two and was given better sup
port. In practice before the game Bob Lowe
of the Bostons slipped and fell, dislocating his
shoulder. Score: Cievelands— l2, IG, 4; Bos
tons—7, 16. C. Batteries— Young and O'Meara:
Sullivan and Tenney. Umpire— Hurst.
LOUISVILLE, KY., July 17— The lidding; of
both teams to-day was very ragged. "Dad"
Clarke was put out of the game in the first
inning and fined $10 for refusing to go to the
bench when ordered to leave the coaching
lines. Score— New Yorks, 16, 16, 3; Louis^
villes,7. ll, 6. Batteries— Meakin and Zear
foss; Herman, Hill, Kostel and Warner. Um
pire—McKarland.
CHICAGO, 111., July 17.— Chicago- Wash ing
ton, no game.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 17.— St. Louis-Brooklyn,
no name.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 17.— Cincinnati-
Baltimore, no game.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Fine Sport Marks the Close of the Circuit
Meet nt ttaginatr, Mich.
SAGINAW, Mich., July 17. — Perfect
weather and good fields furnished ex
cellent sport for the closing day of the
grand circuit meet. The Manufacturers'
stake for the 2:24 pacing class was an in
teresting event, both Sherman Clay and
Heir-et-Law being heavily backed. Clay
won the first two heats, but was driven out
by Geers 1 horse, who won in a jog. Big
Timber, the giant Missouri colt, won the
2:24 trot in his own time. He is 4 years
old, 16.3 hands high, weighs 1200 pounds
and has never been beaten. Summaries:
2:24 trot, purse $600, Big Timber won, Ker
ins st-coud, Lynn Bourbon third. Best time,
2:19 W.
2 :-24 pace, manufacturers' stake, $1000, Heir
at-Law won, Sherman Clay second, Bessie
Leach third. Best time, 2 :15.
2:12 trot, purse $«00, Bravado won, New
castle second, Rifle third. Best time, 2:11%
AQUEDUCT, N. V., July 17.
Five furlongs, Margaret Roth won, Con
tractor second, Braw Lad third. Time,
I :O2J{.
Mile and a sixteenth, Mirage won, Captain
T second, Eclipse third. Time, 1 :50J4.
Six fnrlongs, Premier won, Emotional sec
ond, Kennebunk third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, Pearl Song won, Buckeye second,
Kalirhoe third. Time, 1:45.
One mile. Volley won, King T second, Bal
maghie third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlongs, Successful won. Slow Poke
second, Florian third. Time, I:O2J^.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 17.— Results
at Latonia:
Six furlongs, Mattie Lee won. Miss Emma
second. Fretful third. Time, 1:17%.
Five furlongs, Ethel Lee won, True Light sec
ond, A lten third. Time. 1:03^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Judith won, Joe Clark
second, Black Silk third. Time, 1:50%.
Six furlongs, Dorothy won, Motilla second,
Cecil third. Time, 1:16^.
Five furlongs. Argosy won, Dominica second,
San Juan third. Time, 1 :11%.
PORTLAND SPORTING NOTES.
The Sharkcy-Xeedham Pugilistic Exhi
bition Was a Froit.
PORTLAND. Ok., July 17.— The local
cricketers expect to visit Vancouver, B. C,
during the carnival of sports there in Sep
tember.
The pugilistic exhibition of Bharkey,
Needham and the local lights was a frost.
It is thought the cause was a contem
plated raid by a Sheriff's posse^ and the
knowing ones, not caring to be hauled up
in the criminal court, stayed away.
The Portland Sailing Association and
the Willamette Rowing Club are contem
plating the advisability of forming a sail
ing annex to the rowins club.
The Orion Athletic Club has accepted a
challenge from the Fcrt Walla Walla
athletes for an athletic contest in tbe lat
ter part of August or tbe first of Septem
ber.
The O. R. C. Cyclers made a run to St.
Helens on the Columbia and returned in
Captain Inman's launch Hoo. Hoo.
The Portland Athletic Club gave an
athletic exhibition Monday evening. Lee
and Wolff rode an exhibition niiie; Fla
herty and Kennard gave a three-round
bnxing exhibition, and MiJJer and Buck
man wrestled, Buckman winning. The
other events were: Piymale and Daly,
boxing; Rosenthal and* Steams, boxing;
Eiy and Evans, boxing.
The wonderful ball game between the
Fats and the Leans of the railway men of
this city will be played Saturday for the
benefit of the battle-ship silver service
fund.
CIRCUIT BICICLE RACES.
Advertised Start Fail to Put In an Ap-
peuranee at Detroit.
DETROIT, Mich., July 17.— The Na
tional circuit bicycle races, under the au
spices of the Detroit Wheelmen, opened
to-day on the Windsor Driving Club race
track, across the river.
The professional events were rather
tame, as neither Cooper nor Sanger were
entered, although advertised to appear.
In the mile professional Bald only had his
front wheel ahead of Loughead at the
tape. Summaries:
One-mile open, E. C. Ball won; F. J. Loug
hexd, Sarnia, second; L. E. Johnson, Cleve
land, third. Time. 2:16 1-5.
One-mile handicap, J. J. Blouin, Detroit
(110 yards), won: Fred Hicks, Bay City (120
yards), second; Owen S. Kimble, Indianapolis
(50 yards), third. Time, 2:05 1-5.
Tandem, one-mile, L. C. Johnson and Ran
dall won, O. P. Berhand and F. C. Scherin sec
ond, Con Baker and Eaton thira. Time.
2:09 1-5. '
BALD HEAT COOPER.
Broke the World's Recprd for a Compe
tition Mile, Single raced.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., July 17.— The
closing day of the State meet was marked
by another defeat of Tom Cooper by Eddie
Bald in the mile open. Cooper finished a
quarter of a length behind Bald, with
Sanger's rim at Cooper's forks. The final
was paced by a single and was run in 2:07,
which beats the world's record for a com
petition mile, single paced. Summaries:
One mile, Michigan championship, Ralph
Sam berg of Port Huron won, Glenn P. Thayer
of Grand Rapids second, W. B. Burhans of
lonia third. Time, 2:45.
One mile, open, professional, E. C. Bald of
Buffalo won, Tom Cooper of Detroit second,
Walter Sanger of. Milwaukee third. Time,
2:07.
Half mile, open, best two in three. Ralph
Samberg of Port Huron won, H. D. Eddie of
Kalamaipo second. Jay Tinkham third. Best
time, 1:011-5.
Two-mile handicap, amateurs, L. C. Howard
of Grand Rapids won. Time, 4 :09.
garf>ea citx ciclers,
Elect a Sew Captain and Art Preparing
Hovel Entertainment*. ■ .
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— The board of
directors of the Garden City Cyclers have
elected . Joseph A. Desimore captain in
place of G. W. Pollard, resigned.
The Garden City Cyclers will give a series
of novel entertainments in the near fu
ture. The first of these will be a garden
party, which will be held Friday evening,
July 24. A fine musical and literary pro
gramme » will be • presented : and refresh
ments served. On July 26 the club will
hold a joint with the Reliance Wheel
men v of Oakland to Lake Chabot. The
club is also considering the proposition of
holding a twenty-five-mile relay bet ween
three teams composed of its own members.
England's Amateur Sculling Champion.
LONDON, Eng., July 17.— The rowing
race for the Wingfield scnlls, which gives
to the winner the amateur sculling
championship of England, took place to
day on the regular Thames championship
course from Putney to Mortlake. The
Hon. Rupert Guinness of the Leander
Boat Club, winner of the diamond sculls
at the recent Henley regatta, beat Vivian
Nickalls. the holder of the Wingtield sculls,
by two lengths. Under the rules govern
ing the contest he will hold the aculis for
a year.
HOWARD HANGED
AT FOLSOM PRISON
Met His Death Without an
Evidence of Any
Fear.
DEFIANT TO THE LAST.
Hoped That He Would Be Par
doned by tbe Governor of
the State.
INDIFFERENT TO RELIGION.
History of the Crime for Which the
Tulare Connty Murderer Wai
Executed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 17.—With
out one sign of contrition, without ona
perceptible tremor of the nerves, John E.
Howard, the brutal and cowardly slayer of
Martin de Lavina, who met his death by a
shot in the head as he turned away after
an apparently friendly interview with his
murderer, walked from his cell in the Fol
som prison corridor to tbe gallows in that
institution this morning and fulfilled the
Biblical law that declares that he who
sheds man's blood by man shall his blood
be shed." While Howard was standing on
the trap he cast his eyes over the assem
blage present and said:
'•Well, boys, the hide goes with the tal
low."
Life was extinct in exactly thirteen min
utes after the drop fell. To the last How
ard protested that the killing was in self
defense, in the face of tbe fact that the
murdered man was shot from the rear.
Shortly after his arrival at the prison
Howard expressed sorrow for the killing
and showed a desire for religious consola
tion, but after the Governor declined to
interfere in his favor he became defiant.
Last night and this morning he manifested
indifference to the presence of the prison
chaplain and dropped all pretense of re
ligious conviction.
W. H. Pierce, a cousin, was the only
relative of Howard who witnessed the
execution. He took the body to Pleasant
Grove, Sutter County, for interment.
John E. Howard, who was hanged to
day, killed an inoffensive Italian named
Martin de Larina in Tulare in June, 1804.
Howard at the time wa3 Deputy Town
Marshal. He asserted that he killed the
Italian in self-defense.
Since he had been in Folsom and since
the murder, and because of his numerous
threats to esoape, the Tulare County
officials placed an Orecon boot on him,
which he wore for nine months. The close
confinement and the weight of the boot
made a physical wreck of him. He was
reduced in weight from 150 pounds to
barely 110 pounds. Since he has been in
Folsom be had regained his health and
been rather a cheerful prisoner.
Last night he turned to one of the death
watch and asked him if he was a good
hand in putting up a job.
"Yes," said the man.
"Then," said Howard, "I want you to
aid me in substituting a man for me to
morrow, and so fool Warden Aull. I
think that would be a splendid joke on
him."
Yesterday Howard said: "I have no
statement to make. If I did make one no
one would believe me, W. J. Carlisle, the
City Marshal of Tulare, under whom I
served, will be here in the morning. He
knows all the facts, and I refer you to
him. Be sure and soe him. This trouble
I am in grew out of a primary election.
Carlisle will tell you all about it. What
can I say, except that I am innocent? I
have a good record. John Morrison, who
visited me to-day, said I was a good man.
I worked for him at one time. I never
was discharged from an employment but
once in my life."
Howard had no religion. He refused all
consolation of a religious kind.
Up to the last minute the condemned
man hoped that Governor Budd would ,
pardon him.
Warden Aull says Howard assumed the
air of a hoodlum in carrying on as he did.
The Warden has been told by a prominent I
citizen of Tulare that the murder of the
Italian was not Howard's first crime; that I
he killed a man some years ago in Yolo
County. The Warden has been unable,
however, to verify this.
On. the English Turf.
LONDON, Eng., July 17.— The twenty
first renewal of the great Kingston two
year-old race of 500 sovereigns, five fur
longs, took place at Sandowne Park to
day, and was won by tbe Duke of West
minster's Blue Water. T. Cannon's Hy
laeus was second and the Prince of Wales'
St. Nicholas was third.
The ninth renewal of tbe Eclipse stakes
of 10,000 sovereigns, Eclipse stakes course
(about a mile and a quarter), was won by
Leopold de Rothschild's St. Frusquin.
The Duke of Westminster's Regret was
second and the Duke of Portland"! Troon
third.
NEW TO-DAY.
§A FEW
OF OUR
Specialties
AT
cttzL* CUT PRICES
Our Customers. UU I ■ IllllkU
Trasses (all kinds)... SI 60
Elastic Stockings......... 2 60
Abdominal Supporters 2 50
Obesity 8e1t5.... 250
Ear H0rn5:.. ...*....:........... ....?1 60, 500 •
Polltzer Basfs...:.. ...1........;......-....... 160
Galvanic or I'araalc Batteries $5 00 to $25 00
Crutches..:.-........:. - 'i 60
KuDbernml Plaster 8andage5...... ...... All prices
Nearby 's Bed Pan 5....... $2 25
Shoulder Braces. ...... ............75c to 200
Stomach Tubes.... SI 00 to «1 60
Ice 8ag5............... • 25c to ; 3 75
Electric Belts $5.00 to $25.00.
Don't pay ,* fancy : prices : for Electric Belts until '
you have seen ours. . Our physician gives consul-
tation free. . . ". ■■: .--•;.■ . .'
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 3Vlarls.ot Street,
.;,•'-?.} South Bide, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
34
SAN JOSE'S NEW
PARTY MEETING,
Prohibitionists From All
Over the State Will
Attend.
ITS EXPANSIVE OBJECT.
Will Not ConfiDe Itself to the
Abolition of the Liquor
Traffic.
WANTS A BEOADER PLATFORM
Advocates Woman Suffrage, Free Coin
age, Liberal Pensions and Restric
tion of Immigration.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.—Prohibition
ists from all over the State will meet here
on Friday, July 23, and discuss the new
party movement, which is known as the
National party. The meeting will be in
the nature of a conference and will be at
tended by most of the prominent Prohi
bitionists in tbe State.
Among those present will be General
John Bidwell, ex-candidate for President;
Henry French, ex-candidate for Governor;
Chauncey H. Dunn, candidate for United
States Senator, and J. M. Glass, chairman
of the State committee.
The National party, or new movement,
originated at the National Convention
held in Pittsburg in May, when the nar
row-gauge faction voted down a woman
suffrage plank by a majority of fourteen
out of a total of 800 delegates.
The narrow-gauge faction followed np
their victory by adopting a platform of a
einele plank, calling for the abolition of
the liquor traffic, and named Joshua
Levering of Maryland for President and
Hale Johnson of Illinois for Vice-Presi
dent.
The broad-minded delegates rebelled,
and held an all-night session. Under the
name of the National party they adopted
a platform demanding not only the aboli
tion of the liquor traffic, but woman
suffrage, free coinage of both gold and
silver, non-sectarian schools, liberal pen
sions, exclusion of pauper and criminal
immigrants, an international board of
arbitration, preservation of public lands
from monopoly, Government control of
railroads and telegraph, an income tax,
adoption of the initiative and the refer
endum, and election of United States Sen
ators by direct vote of the people. They
named C. E. Bentley of Nebraska for
President and J. H. Southgate of North
Carolina for Vice-Preaident.
At tbe meeting of the Prohibition State
Central Committee in San Francisco next
Wednesday the members favoring the
National party movement will resign.
The meeting in this city is for the pur
pose of making arrangements for an active
campaign, and will be followed by a State
convention about a month later. Peti
tions will at once be circulated in order
to obtain 3 per cent of the voters' signa
tures, so as to obtain a place on the ticket.
There will be a National county ticket in
the field, as well as a State and electoral
ticket, and a vigorous fight will be made
for the party nominees.
Jane Pearce Sues for Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Gal., July 17.— Jane Pearce
to-day began a suit for divorce from John
P. Pearce on the grounds of desertion and
failure to provide. The Pearces were
married at New Almaden, where they now
reside, in March. 1881, ana have four
children. Pearce, who i? employed in the
mines, has not lived with fcis" wife for
♦ hree years ana has not contributed to the
family's support in that time. Fifty dol
lars a month alimony is asked.
Old Landmarks Destroyed by Fire.
SAN JOBE, Cal., July 17. — The old
dancehall and a cottage adjoining were
destroyed at the Guadalupe quicksilver
mines, about sixteen miles southwest of
this city, early this morning. Tbe dance
hall was an oid landmark, and many years
ago, when the mines were running lull
blast, was tbe scene of lively times and a
great many cutting and shooting scrapes.
Both buildings belonged to J. V. Colemau.
The loss is about $2500.
*
Stricken by Paralysis.
BAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— Maude Gar
ratt, the 17-year-old daughter of Captain
R. M. Garratt, was suddenly stricken with
paralysis while camping with the family
near Dougherty station in the Banta Cruz
Mountalus. As the girl fell Mrs. James
West of Agnew*, who was one of the
party, rushed to her assistance and iv do
ing so fell and broke one of her legs.
•
insolvent Meat Company.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— Erwin Frost
and others have petitioned the Superior
Court to have the San Jose Meat Company
declared insolvent. The petitioners and
amounts due are: E. H. Frost, $43 25- L.
Clifton, $300; J. Stock, $254 66; J. A. Wood
ward and E. J. Benuett. It is alleged
that the indebtedness of the company
amounts to $3365.
foresters' Installation.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July Garden City
Circle, Companions of the Forest, have in
stalled the following officers: C. C, Mrs.
L. Haver; S. C. C, Mrs. M. L. Haley; F.
8., M. Perry; R. S., Mrs. L. Gregg; treas
urer, Mis« P. Dulion; R« G., Miss C.
fccanittspan; L. G., Mrs. M. Casey; I. ■ G.
Mrs. L. Buff; physician, Dr. J. R. Cur
no
> ■ ■ « " :
fiuit to Foreclote a Mortgage.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— The Union
Savings BanK of this city began suit to
day against Thomas Fisher to foreclose a
?55,000 mortgage on 765 acres of the Laguna
Seca Kancbo. The Buit is based on two
promissory notes for $46,000 and $7220 re
spectiveiy.
Hotel Beats Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 17.— Chief of
Police Kidward this morning arrested H.
W. Lang and G. L. Scott, who are wanted
in Hollister for beating a hotel bill. They
will be taken to Holiister to-morrow morn
ing.
NEW GOLD FIELDS NEAR FRESNO.
The SanJoaquin Electric Company Hakes
a Mich titrike.
FRESNO, Cal., July 17.— The San Joa
quin Electric Company has discovered a
rich placer mining held near its power
house on the San Joaquin River in the foot
hills. It has a claim of 320 acres, which
has been found to be underlaid with rich ,
gravel. To-day a shipment of pipe was
made from this city to tbe power-house to
conduct water after it has been used for
power to the gold fields. The company
believes that it has rich prospects and ex
pects considerable income from this source.
The entire tract ot land will be sluiced, and
there is plenty of water to do this with.
It promises to be a big boom in mining
circles in tnis county.
There has been nothing exciting from
the seat of war between the electric com
pany and the gas company over the fight
lor tne water from which the electric com
pany derives its power. Superintendent
Decker of the gas company is still man
euvering in the hills above the power
house with a force of men, with whom he
intends to die a ditch from the river,
Seymour of the electric
company warned Decker not to proceed
with the work, and he has not done so aa
yet, but is awaiting instructions from
headquarters.
DUNBAN SEEK AGAIN.
This lime Sixty Mtles Northwest of San
Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., July 17.— A
lively report has just reached here from
the Cholame country, sixty miles north
west of this city, which is to the effect that
Dunham, the multi-murderer of Camp
bells, has been seen in that section within
the past twenty-four hours; that a man
was seen with a growth of wiiiskers on his
face about an inch in thickness, whose
figure and bearing resemble those of Dun
ham, and especially the features, as well
as could be made out from such a thick
beard on his face. The man had on gray
pants, wbich were badly shredded and
showed bard usage, and rode a bicycle
which seemed to be the worse for wear.
There are good grounds for the belief
that this man is Dunham, as be was sup
posed to have been seen at Bradley only
three days ago, and was then heading for
the Cholame section. Officers have been
questioned here in regard to the matter,
but do not say much as yet. There is
every indication that the suspect will be
searched for at once, as Sheriff Ballou of
this county will not neglect the slightest
clew, even at this late day. It is safe to
say that if the man is Dunham bis cap
ture will be effected, as tbe men who will
be sent to hunt him np know this section
of country better than he does.
THE WHITTIER INQUIRY,
Trustees of the State Institu
tion Hold a Business
Meeting.
Sensational Developments Premised
When the Boys' Department Is
Investigated.
Los Angeles Office or The Call,)
328 South Beoadwav, >
Los Angeles, Cal., July 17. )
A purely "business meeting" of the
trustees of the Whittier State School is
being held at that institution to-nl^ht, at
which the new appointee of Governor
Budd, Professor Keyes, is present. The
ostensible reason for the meeting to»night
was to pass on a number of accumulated
bills, but it is understood that Trustee
j Edina Mitchell will demand that the m
' vestigation into the charges of incompe
tency and cruelty to inmates be resumed
where it was left off ten days ago. It is
alleged that the boys' department prom
ises even a richer field for inquiry than
the girls' has been. At all events Trustee
Mitchell will insist on going through the
entire institution with tbe investigation.
YOUNG FORGER ARRESTED.
Cashed Worthless Checks on the Farmers'
and Merchant*' JSank.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 17.—Ed
ward Hoist, a young man of this city, wno
has heretofore borne a good name, was
i arre3ted this forenoon on a charge of for
j gery. Last Monday Hoist asked a hotel
i man here named Hart to cash a check for
a small amount, which was drawn on the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank, made
payable to Ed Hoist and bearing the sig
j nature of H. T. Henderson. Next day
Hart was called up by telephone by Hoist,
J who requested Hart not to present the
j check at the bank, that be would call
I around in the evening and take it up.
He failed to keep his appointment, how
j ever, and Hart began to suspect that tnere
was something wrong and called at the
bank. He was informed that the check
was no Kood, and was also informed that it
was not the tirst check of its kind that had
been presented at the bank for payment.
i Hoist's arrest followed to-day. He has
j several relatives living in the c.ty, who
i are among the most respected citizens of
; Los Angeles.
LOOKING IS TO HIGHLANDS.
Detective* Accumulating Evidence of a
Most Startling Character;
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 17.— A Call
correspondent learned from a reliable
source to-day that a detective and local
newspaperman are accumulating a mass
of testimony from ex-employes and former
inmates of the Highlands Insane Asylum
against Drs. Campbell and Nolan and
Matron Howard which will make some
interesting reading. Evidence, it is al
leged, indicating all manner of violation
of law, incompetence, abuse and even cru
elty itself by attaches will be forthcoming.
It is said that this mass of evidence, some
of it in the form of sworn testimony, will
soon appear in a local newspaper to the
extent of many columns. Governor Budd,
it is said, has been appealed to to right
these wrongs, but has turned a deaf ear to
every petition.
■- ■ ♦ .
A Doubtful Arrest.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 17.—Yester
day a Bakersfield constable called at the
Sheriff's office and imparted the informa
tion that Charles Russell, suspected of
being an escaped convict from the
Montana penitentiary, was running a
shooting rallery at Avalon, and asked
Sheriff Burr to detail a man to go with him
to make the arrest. This morning they
returned with the suspected man, but
Sheriff Burr ia doubtful, as well as Deputy
Barnhill, as to whether be is the man
wanted.
Attorney Dole Convicted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 17.— The
jury in the Dole case, after baying been
out all night, returned a verdict this fore
noon uf guilty aa charged against the de
fendant, to the surprise of those who had
followed the trial throughout The crime
of which Attorney Dole was convicted is
forgery, for which the punishment is from
one to fourteen years in the penitentiary.
Petaluma Boy Killed.
PETALUMA, Cal., July 17.-Wnen the
7 o'clock whistle blew this morning it
started the horse attached to a heavy cart
owned by Patrick Melehan of this city,
and which was being loaded with wood!
The sudden movement dislodged Melehan
as well as his young son, George, about 12
years of age, and threw the latter under
the heavy wheel which passed over his ab
domen, crushing him in a frightful man
ner. Death came to his relief at 11:30.
The dead lad was very bright and a great
favorite.
Seattle Synagogue Ordered Sold
SEATTLE, Wash., July 17.— The services
of Rabbi Abrahamson as leader of his
flock have been dispensed with and to
morrow the Jewish synagogue, Ohaveth
Shalome, corner of Eighth and Seneca
streets, is to be sold by the Sheriff to
satisfy a cla<m of about $8600 of the Ger
man Loan and Savings Society of San
Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
SANTA BARBARA'S
MURDER MYSTERY,
Letter From Scott Richard
son, the Victim's
Stepson.
CAN THROW NO LIGHT
Does Not Know and Has Never
Heard of the Mao
Barnard.
THE DAINTY BLOODY SHIRT.
Strong Belief That It Will Be
Identified and Lead to the
Murderer's Arrest.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 17.—
The following letter was received to-day
from Scott Richardson, stepson of the late
Mrs. Richardson:
Minneapolis, July 8, 1896.
Sheriff Hickt, Santa Barbara, Cal.— Dear Bib:
Your telegram came to the house about one
hour after I left. lam working for Hennepln
County, eighteen miles out of the city. I came
home on the 2d. There was do work until
after the 4th. I Went out on the 7th and my
wife drove out after me to-day and I came
right in and answered your dispatch. I did not
know that you had sent to police headquarters
until after I had sent the message. The report
ers have been to see me about the man Barnard.
1 do not know him or remember of ever hear
ing of himwbilein Santa Barbara. Father
h&d a young boy when we first came out there,
but I did not see him after that. He had no
one all the time I was there. Please write me
full particulars and send Santa Barbern papers.
Yours respectfully, Bcott Richardson.
The bloody shirt found by Officer Storni
near the scene of the murder last Sunday
has not yet been identified. The shirt is
homemade and by a skillful, painstaking
seamstress, the buttonholes being hand
worked, with daintily regular stitches.
Some Santa Barbara woman made the
shirt, but whether it waa afterward do
nated to or appropriated by the murderer
or clothed one of her own who may be
implicated in the crime, no one can teh.
The belief is strong that it wilt be identi
fied, and through it a clearer light cast
upon the tragedy.
POPULAR PLAZA CONCERTS.
Santa Barbarans Reveling in Choice
Music Sight and Day.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 17.—
Another of Schuy's popular concerts was
given at the Plaza on the boulevard
to-night, the excellent music drawing out
throngs of people. The leader, Herr Haa*
| bchuy, was formerly leader of a marine
j band in Germany, and later was a member
of Siedle's New York Orchestra. Mr.
Whitney, the solo cornetist, is a well-
Known Los Angeles musician, and the
i band further organized with Eugene Donze
! as solo saxapbone player, formerly of Le
i Barttus Band; Charles Procter, solo
; clarionetist, formerly of tbe lowa State
I Band, and a player named Bond, member
i of tbe orchestra at tne Columbian Fair.
Competent critics claim the baud to be
! the best in Southern California and it has
the support of many of the most cultured
residents of the city. Santa Barbara is
especially rich in bands this year, possess
ing another large organization wbich plays
at the Plaza on Saturday nights and Sun
days and whose leader is W . J. McCoy, a
musical composer of reputation. Herr
i Schuy's band plays at the beach on
Fridays and In tbe Arlington grounds
every Tuesday night. The Santa Barbara
people are receiving a thorough musical
education.
A THRIVING INSTITUTION.
Report of Santa Barbara's Loan and
Builaing Association.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 17.— The
Santa Barbara Loan and Building Associ
ation has filed its annual report showing
its total assets to be $103,534. Last year's
earnings were $11,884; gross expenses,
$2622. Since its organization the associ
ation has paid out $35,667 to members who
have withdrawn, $11,000 of this sum being
profits.
The following officers have been elected
for the ensuing year: President, H. L.
Stambach; vice-president, G. W. Tren
with; secretary, J. T. Johnson; treasurer,
W. B. Metcalf; attorney, E. W. Squier;
general committee— Edward Harper, O.
P. Squier and F. L. Kellogg; finance com
mittee—W. A. Fiske, Alfred Edwards and
J. M. Forbes. It was decided to open an
office for the convenience of shareholder!*,
to be in charge of the secretary, J. T.
Johnson. ■ -
SENATOR WILSON'S STAND
Will Stump Washington State
for McKinley, Hobart and
Protection.
A Bimetallist on an International
Basis, bat Opposed to Free Sil
ver Coinage.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 17. — United
States Senator John L. Wilson of Spokane
arrived in Seattle to-day, and for the first
time since his return from the National
capital outlined his course in the cam
paign now on. Substantially he recedes
from his position in the Senate, where he
voted regularly in support of free-silver
measures. He now proposes to take the
stump for McKintey and Hobart, insisting
that tbe State convention declare for bi
metallism along the lines of an interna
tional agreement, or in other words, a
single gold standard.
"While I am not much of a free-silver
man," Washington* junior Senator be
gan, "it is a mistake to charge that all free
silver people are fanatics, lunatics and re-
pudiationists— a mistake as great as to say
that sound-money men are conspirators
and gold bugs. In response to what seemed
to be the desire of the people of the State
of Washington, and in compliance with a
resolution for free coinage passed by
the Legislature that elected me to the
United States Senate, and in ac
cordance with the platform of the last
Republican State Convention, I have
cast every vote since 1 have represented
this State in the Senate for the free coin
age of silver. I have so voted because I
desired to give expression to the views of
the people of the State of Washineton as I
understand them. I now think I have
a right to go upon tbe stump in the State
of Washington and as* those whose ad
vice I have been following and whose peti
tions I have been heeding that they stand
in line with me for the Republican ticket
and trust to the intelligence and patriot
ism of the Republican administration to
solve this question through an interna
tional agreement.
''I am and always have been a bimetal
list, but I always have had and still have
serious doubts as to the ability of the
United States to maintain free coinage of
silver without the co-operation at least of
other great European commercial nations.
I do not think the co-operation of Eng
land essential to an international agree
ment. I think Austria, Germany, France
and the United States could successfully
maintain such a policy."
CSIOU REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Organization of a McKinley and Hohart
Campaign Club.
CHICO, Cal., July 17.— 1n response to a
call issued by the chairman of the Chico
Republican Club the City Hall was
crowded with Republicans last evening.
A new club was organized and named the
McKinley and Hobart Republican Club of
Chico. Eugene Canheld, an enthusiastic
Republican, was elected president, with
Guy R. Kennedy, a young attorney, as
secretary. The following pledge was
drafted to head the roll:
We, the undersigned, hereby associate our
selves together for the purpose of forming a
Republican campaign club to conduct the
camDiicn of 1896, said club lo be known as
the McKinley and Hobart Republican Club of
Chtco, and we hereby announce that we be
lieve in the principles of the Republican party
as enunciated at tbe National Convention of
1896, and agree to support its nominees at the
coming election.
The roll was signed by every one present,
and it will be but a short time until the
number will reach up in the hundreds,
as all the Republicans in tnls vicinity are
taking unusual interest in the coming
campaign. Committees were appointed
to see that all voters who have not as yet
registered are registered before August 8.
Numerous speeches were made highly
commending tbe Republican candidates
and their platform. It is certain that all
the old and young Republicans here will
stand firm to their party.
SOLTIXG STOCKTON DEM OCR A TS.
Chairman Gould Disregard* bilter in
Making Appointments,
STOCKTON, Cal., July 17.— Chairman
Gould of the Democratic State Central
Committee was seen to-day concerning
the statement that A. A. Watkins had
bolted the party and bad asked
to be let off the list of State
Central Committeemen appointed by
Gould, because he did not favor the
silver platform of the Democrats. He was
also asked if he knew at the time of ap
pointing him that James Denman, an
other member of the State Central Com
mittee, was a goldbug.
"I do not know now whether Mr. Wat
sins or Mr. Denman are gold men," re
plied Mr. Gould. "I selected Mr. Den
raan without reference to this question,
because I knew him to be a sterling Demo
crat and one who would do much good for
the party. Watkins' name was on the
list of committeemen when it w.as first
made out, but he is a very busy man and
asked that Mr. Denman's name be sub
stituted for his. This was done before the
list was sent to the secretary of the Bt»te
Central Committee, and so there is nothing
in tne report that he resigned from the
committee, for he never was on it."
Gould does not hesitate to say that he
disregarded silver altogether in making
his appointments.
STOCKTON DEMOCRATIC SALLY.
Fireworks, Bonfire* and Speeches in the
' Plaza To- . v i ht.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 17.— The Demo
cratic ratification meeting to-morrow
evening will commence at 8 o'clock. It is
to bt held on the plaza. There will be no
parade, as It is too early in the campaign :
for torchlight processions and as no politi
cal clubs have f yet been formed. But
there is to be a big . display of fireworks,
with plenty of rockets and bombs, and
there will be bonfires on the plaza. v V-■
W.M.Gibson will act as chairman of
the meeting, which will be opened by H.
R. McNoble at chairman of the Demo
cratic County Central Committee.
Speeches will be delivered by Chairman
Gibson, Judge Budd and Frank H. Gould
from among the Democratic ranks, and by
Dr. A. L. Foreman of the Populist party, i
L. W. Elliott, an old-time Prohibitionist,
will also unite in doing honor to the silver
candidates, and will deliver an address.
FRESND DEMOCRATIC PLASCO.
Bryan and Sewall Club Formed Unaer
Discouraging Circumstances.
FRESNO, Cal., July 17.— Democrats
formed a Bryan and Sewall club in this
city last night, but it almost amounted to
failure. Ex-Senator G. G. Goucher was
the mover of the organization, but his ex
pectations that a large and enthusiastic
crowd would assemble in the courthouse
park, where he had called the meeting,
were by no means realized. About twelve
Democrats were in attendance by 8:30 and
by 9 o'clock there were about twenty spec
tators. Finally George L. Hood called the
meeting to order. E. D. Edwards was
elected chairman. A few committees were
appointed, after which the meeting ad
journed. Senator Goucher was sadly dis
appointed because the Democrats would
not turn out to the meeting.
SACRAMENTO RORCEN FALL OUT.
Barney Carroll Says He Perjured Him
self to Sare Caltendine and Baker.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 17.— Day by
day the props relied upon by Callendine
and Baker, who are waiting trial for tbe
robbery of the electric street railway com
pany's barn on last Christmas evening,
are being knocked away, and now that all
of the leading attorneys of the city have
absolutely refused to attempt their rescue
from State prison it would seem that
their fate is sealed, and that within a few
weeks they will be wearing the stripes of
infamy.
During the first trial of Callendine,
which resulted in a disagreement of the
jury, one of his strongest witnesses was a
man named Burney Carroll, who in
habited a fishing-scow on the river, and
who swore positively that he had met
Calendine on one of the most frequented
streets of the city at the very hour in
which he was accused of having been
present at the robbery of the streetcar
company's barn. Later it was discovered
that Carroll had in his possession a quan
tity of stolen goods, and since then he lias
been an inmate of the County Jail here.
The official screws have been applied to
such an extent that he, becoming alarmed,
conoluded to make a clean breast of the
matter.
He sent for District Attorney Ryan and
acknowledged that his story of baying
met Callendine on the night of the rob
bery was a falsehood, manufactured from
whole cloth, and that the stolen goods
found in his possession had been procured
from Mrs. Callendine and were the fruits
of former robberies of her husband, which,
being secreted on her premises, she feared
would be discovered by the police and
place her own liberty in jeopardy.
This confession created considerable ex
citement in the city and will evidently
remove the last chance of saving the
accused man from the penitentiary.
Mill Valley's Fete To- Xiatit.
MILL VALLEY, Gal., July 17.-Every.
thing is ready for tbe grand illumination
to-morrow night. All day lone the resi
dents nave been working hard to complete
v e u V/anKements. The first "Night in
Mill Valley" promises to be one oi great
moment. All the groves will be brilliantly
lighted as well as the hilltops. The old
Mill Grove is the center around whicii all
the gayety will revolve. There a trreat
stage has been erected and a first-class
vaudeville show will be Riven. Innumer
able Chinese and Japanese lanterns will
light up the scene.
WOMEN'S DAY AT
PACIFIC GROVE,
Chautauqua Exercises Con
ducted Wholly by
Ladies.
QUESTION-BOX QUERIES
"The New Man" Interestingly
Discussed by Rev. Anna
H. Shaw.
FEMININE POLITICAL IDEAS.
Progress of the Suffrage Movement
as Outlined by Miss Snsan B.
Anthony.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 17.-To
day was women's day at the Chautauqua
Assembly. The exercises were altogether
in their bands and they used the oppor
tunity to specially discuss tbe amendment
issue. Miss Susan 13. Antbony. the vet
eran of suffrage reform, and Miss Shaw,
her logical successor, were the principal
speakers. The women bad an open forum
this morning and the usual classes met at
9 o'clock but were dismissed at 11, the ap
pointed hour for Rev. Anna Shaw to open
the '"question-box." This box contained
every conceivable question against
woman's suffrage.
Tbe meeting at 11 o'clock was called to
order by Mrs. A. A. Sargent, president of
the State Suffrage Association. Miss
Susan B. Anthony was elected president
of tbe day.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw presided over the
question-box and answered witn great
keenness and wit the many objections
against suffrage. These discussions con
sumed the whole morning session.
At 2 p. h. the Sunday-school normal
work was taken up, and at 3 o'clock Miss
Susan B. Antnony made an address, di
recting her speech more particularly to
the amendment question. She contrasted
the present suffrage mpvement with the
one some time since, and prophesied a
victory for tbe amendment clause in this
State. She said: "Now is the opportune
hour to secure our rights, for we will not
have another opportunity in the next
thirty years."
Miss Anthony was followed by Mrs.
Sarah B. Cooper, whose subject was,
"Why lAm for Woman Suffrage." Bhe
gave her many hearers cogent reasons for
her late alliance with the suffrage cause.
Miss Shaw then resumed the query-box.
One quite prominent question in relation
to the possible attitude of women on the
silver question, in case they secured the
ballot, was answered at length, and was
interestingly disposed of. Miss Shaw said
the trouble with most women is they never
nave enough money to make silver a
problem. She also stated she did not ex
pect that all women would be more intel
ligent on the silver and tariff questions
than men en masse, but she thought that
woman's greatest influence in politics
would be in local affairs. The grandest
result ol their ballot would be to take all
local and municipal affairs out of politics.
She closed by saying: "My greatest en
deavors will be in the direction of good
government and good morals."
Practical results ot woman's suffrage
in Wyoming and Colorado had been in
this direction, she said.
Miss Shaw delivered a lecture to-night
on the fate of tbe Republic, one of the
principal subjects of the lecture being
"The New Man." It was amusing as well
as interesting to bear her discuss him.
Her idea was all the more amusing for the
reason that a grave mistake had been
made in the large posters tacked np
around town announcing "Mrs." Anna H.
Shaw as one of the principal lecturers of
woman's day.
To-morrow will, be field day, all classes
will be suspended and a general reception
will be in order. A picnic will be held at
Moss Beach in the morning and exercises
and sports in the afternoon. Frank Lin
coln, tbe humorist, will speak at Assembly
Hall in the evening.
THE CAPAY ELOPEMENT,
Trouble Is Looked For From the
Father of the Runaway
Girl.
A Neighbor Who Is Said to Have
Piann.d the Affair Is Severely
Censured.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 17. — Fred
Mast, uncle of Pearl Goodnow, who eloped
with N. K. Nickell, from Capay, last week,
and was afterward' married on the high
seas by Captain Park of the yacht Belve
dere, came in from his ranch this morn
ing and gave a correct report of the
elopement.
In conversation with a Call reporter be
I said the girl was scarcely 16 years of age
! and Nickell was past 45, and not 25, as
stated in the different San Francisco
papers. He said the mother bitterly
opposed the match and is almost heart*
broken over the elopement.
Mr. Goodnow, father of the runaway
girl, waa at Lion Mountain at tbe time
of the elopement and has not yet re
turned, but he has been advised by letter
and may return at any time.
Mrs. Goodnow has sent word to the
couple not to return to her home, for it is
feared that if they do there will be trouble.
The elder Qoodnow is known to be very
bot-headed and will shoot in a minute
Nickell, when he left, took a rifle with
him and left it at a "Woodland gunstore to
be repaired. Miss Gooduow told her
mother she was gome to Woodland to
visit her aunt, Mrs. J. R. Jacobs.
It is said that Frank Curray assisted the
couple in making their escape and he is
being blamed by the entire neighborhood
for his conduct.
Nickell was employed by Goodnow for
five years and was looked upon as one of
the family.
The father of Nickell came to town to
day and left word at the livery-stable for
them not to go to Capay. but to come to
hii place, as he was afraid that old man
Goodnow would shoot him on sight.
Before Nickell left h<« sold all this
year's crop of grain and only left a few old
horses on the place.
Tb.* return of tbe couple is looked for
ward to rather anxiously, and it is feared
that if they return and go to the Good
now farm, as they said they would, Yolo
County will have another tragedy to
record.
WOOOLAND NATIVES
Give a Banquet at Their Installation of
■ Officer: '.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 17.— Woodland
Parlor No. 30, N. S. G. W., held an inter
esting and pleasant banquet and installa
tion of officers to-night, a fall attendance
of members being present. District Dep
uty Grand President John Leathers con
ducted the services and installed the fol
lowing officers: W. S. Huston, past
■president; A. M. Britt, president; Frank
Parker, first vice-president; Henry Sim
mons, second vice-president; James Law
son, third vice-president; ,W. O. Kean,
financial secretary; R. G. Lawson, record
in? secretary; A. C. Huston, trustee;
Amiel Morris, marshal; Ed C. Huston,
guard.
The installation ceremony was followed
by a ''high jinks." Visitors were present
from Sacramento, Winters and , other
neighboring parlors. Woodland Parlor
now numbers eighty-seven members and
is steadily growing. It is probable that
this parlor in connection with the Sacra
mento parlors will attend the Admission
day celebration at Stockton in grand style.
♦' _ .'■■- .v ■ '
Judgment in a licelve- Tear- Old Suit.
WOODLAND, Cat,, July ,17.-Judge
Frewett of Placer County, sitting in place
of Judge Grant, has rendered a decision in
the case of William Coward vs. Drury
Clanton, in favor of the plaintiff for
$3192 21, with interest and costs of suit.
This case baa been in court for twelve
years, having been to the Supreme Court
and sent back for retrial twice. The case
crew out of a partnership business exist
ing in Woodland. ■ '
♦ ■
iolo County Republican Primaries.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 17.— Chairman
Gaddis of the Yolo County Republican
Central Committee has issued a call for
primaries to be held in various precincts
of the county on August 8, to elect dele
gates to the County Convention which
will convene August 15. The County Con
vention will be held to elect delegates to
the Concessional District Convention,
which will meet in Vallejo on August 22.
Blind Phrenologist Robbed.
PETALUMA. Cal., July 17.— The blind
phrenologist, Vinter F. Cooper, arrived
here on the steamer Gold last evening and
paid off tne boy whom he had hired to
lead him and sent him back to San Fran
cisco. Later Cooper discovered that the
ungracious youngster had robbed him of
several articles. He does not seek his
arrest, but only the return of his prop
erty.
Chico's forger Captured.
CHICO, Cal., July 17.— Forger Gay, who
passed several bogus orders on the Chico
merchants, thereby obtaining several
watches and a bicycle, was caught and
arrested at Marysvllle this afternoon, rie
stiil had the property in his possession.
40th
Anniversary
Number.
S, R
TO-DAY.
80 Pages.
22 Full Page
Engravings.
THE MOST UNIQUE
PUBLICATION YET
PRODUCED......
It contains the brightest, wittiest, most
caustio and brilliant articles, para-
graphs and vers9 that have ap-
peared in its columns during the
past forty years. A symposium from
the pens of the brainiest men that
ever wielded a pen on the Paoific
Coast.
80 Pages.
One Dime.
BE AMUSED.
READ IT.
SEND IT
TO YOUR FRIENDS
RAILROAP TR ATStS
AND
Trains leave an i arrive m fsSbjfpisilaSSa
SANTA FFEXPRtSS.^WS^^
SASTA MIXPRrSS. H||s
To Chicago via A. * ) • . *S£3wjß»Jjs VFI
Direct Line «- <&i£p£&~~^jglsA
Palace JDrawlng-room 81 M m., eju-r..,,* i |. m
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern ti
1 , 8I ?«P ln «^»n. with cl*anllnw
and bedding and In charge of a porter, Tun dally
throash to Chicago rla Kansas City. Annex c*m
for Denver and St. Loulg. - - uc " c * rs
_Perß«»Baly conducted Boston Excursions Tla
Kansas City, Chlca«o,. Montreal and the White
Mountains leave everr Wednesday. wmte
V The best railway from California to the East.
New rail*, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery'
and (rood meals In Harvey's dining-rooms, <
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
.: Chronicle Buildiaar.
- Telephone Mala 1531.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
.' (Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, ouim-ncing Jane 15 1890.
WEEKDAYS.
*?£ lU ley , and : B*n8 * n ■ Rafael -7:00, »8M)0
wedne »
K^an? S lraX^u\3 O 0 n P M i nd * yB ' W9dn< *
Inn^'^n 7 ■* ad .'8 aa R»*»el-*8:00, •0:00
B^O^'.lk : lVn *•; •!"*»• »i :»0. *2:15. *4 Oft*
11 Ma. M *' M - Kllr trlP to B»US»UtOM
Trains marked. * run to San Qnentln. ••I2i»n
; • *.v. does not run to Mill Valley i * 1 ™ 1 .,
For T^l« PLOUGH TRAINS.
llSi^aun^-i^?** 5 ' 0 &
BiML^Jl^nnaaya; 1;45 r. jl: w,}..^^, .
Is the light that will brine V great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hudyan is for
man. The great Hudvan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can net it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writa
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
moat wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely, vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge In twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness,, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It 13
as cheap as any other remedy. -
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. •
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore-
producing germs. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling; hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by writing for « 'Blood- Boole" to the old physlclaiu
Of the -
HUDSON MEDICAL. INSTITUTJS,
Stockton, Market and KUii St«.
SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.
RAILROAD TRAVEL _^
hoi'tukrx PACIFIC comi*AJrr.
(PACIFIC SVHTKM.)
Trains leave nn«l are <!••*> to arrive «»«
HAN Ii:.4X(IM«.
leave — FHOM J17K87. 1696. — AIUtIV»
•6:00 a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ocileu and East.. »•««»
7:00 a Benleia, VacaTille, Kumsey. Sacrar
mento, OroTille and Redding Ti»
DaTia : 6i43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Nap*, Calif-
toga and Santa Kosa •:15*
S:!1Oa San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MarysTille and Itec
81uff.... J, tlsp
•«;3Oa Peters and Milton «7:15r
I):ooa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.nn Angeles.. 4:4."5p
S:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
O:ooAVaUejo... C:l3p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Lirermore 8:1-1 a
•I:00p Sacramento River Steamers »0:O0p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations... t7:4S*
4 :OOr Martinez, San lUmon. Vallejo. .
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano tnd
-v' SautiiKosa 9:13 a
«:Oop Benicia, Vaoaville, ' Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marys Tills,
OroTillu and Sacramento le;4*A
4iBor Nile. 1 ), San Jose, liTermore and
Stockton 7:13?
4:3»r Merced, Berenda. Kijrmood ((or
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43ua
ffi#Ap New Orleans Express, Fresno. Bakers- - J ; - ■- -
. field, Santa I!;irbarn,l.o3 AngeleL
Dealing. £1 l'aso, New Orleans and
Sast.. lOiISa
Steep Santa Fe Route, Atlautlo Express
for MojaTe and East IC:l3a
5:OOp Vallejo 11«43a
6iOOi> Kuropcan Mall, Ogden and Kast.... 0:45 a
C:OOp HajrwarOs, MJlts aud San Jose 7:45*
t7:OOp Vailejo f7:43p
7sOOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- • .
vlile. Redding, Portland. P.iget
■ Sound and Kast 10t43A
SASTA < It! Z IUViSiOS (Narrow (Jr.ugP).
~ {7t43A Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa C'nu "
and Principal Way Stations • IStf 5p
' • :15a Newark, CcnterTiile.San.lose.Fenon, • '
lloulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:36?
•■:l3p Kewark, CenferTille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, I'.oulJcr Creek,
riauta Cruz and Principal' War
Stations M 1:90 A
t4il»f Ne^-ark, Han ,lngt» ami l.o^ «;a10g.... *P>:3oa
COAST VISION (Third & Ti>ithhciiil StK.)
•0:45 a Han Jose ami Way j-iuLUoua (New
Almauen Wednesdays only) « 9:47 a
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jote.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore, ana
Principal Way Stations \BiX9r
•iISa Sau .lose, Tres Piuos, Hanta Cruz.
?anliic Grove. Paso Roblcs, Sat;
Jiiiis Ohfspo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7105p
10:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl:3op
Io:1Ua San Joso and Way Stations 5:OUp
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:3Oi> San ilatto, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tires Plnos, Santa Crui,
Balinu,Monterey mid I'acilioGrove *I4(:4Oa
■SiUOp San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations.. *1;30p
•J:3op San Jose Way Stations •»:«Oa
3:30p San Jose am. Principal Way Stations "B:4* a
6:SOr San Jose and Way Stations fl::i?s\
Hl:4sp San Jose and Way Btnt4ons f7:43p
SAM LKAXOHO AM) HAYWAKDS LOCAL.
t*G:OOA "J " ( 7:1 Sa
. 8:00 a I t9:43A
»;S2a Seminary Park, ' JV-lE*
'"loSp Fltclibiirg.SamLeandro *f:*g^
™% H.yw.rd«. •jlgr
7:MOp V 8:4;i '
0:00p »' Rons through to Nile*. ,?!'{»'
Ull:l3pj <gromNUe». 1 m«loOf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SIR /RiHCISCO— Foot of Utrket Strest (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9.-00 11:00 a.m. ll:flO »2:00 13-fifl
•i:00 (6:00 *6:00r.M. * W
fit* OilUMD— Foot of BrwdHrtj.— . 'COO 800
10|00*.m. tl2:00 »l:00 t3:Q3 »3:00 tliOC
'S:QOr.M.
. • A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
■ Sundays exoepted. t Saturdays only
..  . 1 Sundays only.
i\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
9 Saturtlays and Hundays for Santa Cn«.
'I H-ir>d»v^ and MnirU*^ *ro"i S'nta O— *
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
, Tibnron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
DAYB-7!30."^06, 11:00 a. H.s 12:S\
s ; 3 0 - 8:10, 6:30 p. if. . Thursdays-Extra trt»
at 11:80 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips ul:l|
and 11:30 P. it ■ .
i NDA^S-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 AU -' 1:30, 3:3 *
. San Kafnel to Sun Franclfico.
WEEK BAYS-6:15, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 a. *.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays-Extra trips
at 1:65 p.m. and 6:35 P. v. "
SUNDAY B-7:35, 9:36, 11:10 A. it i 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, 6:25 p. v... ■ •. ■
Between San Fmncisco and Schnetien Park same
schedule as above.
l>e»vo . _— ._ I Arrive . .
Ban Francisco. A prii^ San Franci »ca
Wkkk I Suv- i^?^ f _ } Bus- : Wkkk~
Dayb. i days. PAYS- [ Da^*
: 7:80 am 7 :30 am, Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
8:30 px 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 ax
6:10 px 5:00 px Santa Rosa. 7:30 px 6:15 ph
'■• . - ~ I Fulton, n~ " ~~~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM,
Realdsburf;,
•-".'• Geyserville,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 fm 6:15 ph
■ ■• . '< j : l'ieta. '"— " "
7:30 ax Hopland A 10-10 am
»:3O pm| 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 10-10 a i*
■--••••• 7:30 am Querneville. 7:80 pm
3:80 "' ' 6:15
7:30 am 7:30 am I Sonoma ! 10:40 am j 8:40 am'
■'■■'.'■ ■"*■■, and '• ■.■■■■■
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 1 6 15 pm
s^^lo^pMl^^opoi.l^^-l^aoAM
Cloverdalo for the Geysers; at Pieta for H"/hla^d
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Ba>- and XJkkenort-^
Jl*} cy *« JottI ' D »y*». Klverslde, Llerley V Buc"
Fort Bragg, Wssiport, Vsal, Wlliets, Cahto ci
▼elo, Laytonviile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka:'
ratft, yto Monday round-trip at reduced
yo°nrtr^,^ Q a n t^tti etS to *" lnU *>
C n et w^?^«° MftrltetBt '. Chronlci* bulldln.,
a, C. WHITING. B.XBYAJT,
..■_Veo..Ji»sajfe6_ Qen. Paw. Agenv_THE TALE OF THE
CYPHER TELEGRAMS
Stephen Roberts Translates
Them ior the Law
yers.
THEY WERE ALL EXCITED
Mrs. Craven's Journey Across
the Country With the Pre
cious Document
DOGGED BY A DETECTIVE.
Supposed to Have Captured the Ink
Will and Left the Train at
Reno.
The deposition of Stephen Roberts in
the matter of the Fair will was begun yes
terday at the office of Pierson & Mitchell.
Mr. Roberts is Mrs. Craven's long-time
friend and adviser. He said he knew Fair
but slightly. Six years ago Mrs. Craven
sent him a power of attorney from New
York, but he had never acted under it.
What he had done for her was done as Her
friend and without compensation.
He never knew of the leadpencil will
during the life of Mr. Fair, altnouph he
had met Mrs. Craven frequently between
the date of that instrument, September
24, 1894, and the date of the Senator's
death, December 28.
In conversation with her she had told
him that Senator Fair had made a num
ber of wills in her house. He was in the
habit of coming and taking the docu
ments away with him, however. She
mentioned one as having been made after i
Jim's death (the Senator's favorite son). \
The first time she spoke of the pencil will ;
was on the 4th or sth of February, just
befon she started for Sacramento in the I
interest of the teachers' pension fund bill. ;
She said at that time that the Senator had ;
made a will also dated September 21.
After her return from Sacramento she re
peated this statement concerning this will
and said that the Senator had made it in
pencil and copied it in ink. AJso that the
Senator had brought to her house and pre- i
sented to her at the same time the deeds
for the Mission and Sansome street prop- ,
erties.
The witness said he advised her to put !
the instrument on record af once. She i
said she had sent both of them East under
the supposition that she had t-n months
in which to offer them for probate. "I j
told her she was mistaken in this," said
the witness, "and told her it wai her duty
to produce the will immediately. I took j
her to my attorney's (Williams') office, j
and he corroborated me in this. She told J
me she had told Governor Budd about the
existence of the will, and that Budd had ;
spoKen to her in such a manner as to
frighten her. 1 went up to see Budd, and j
he advised me to "ke Mrs. Craven to see j
Mr. Lloyd. I di k>, and she told Mr.
Lloyd all the cirt itances."
The witness tfc related how an agree
This Building Will Soon Constitute a New and Imposing Feature of Market-
Street. Architecture.
An in-. posing and magnificent structure is to be erected on the northeast corner of Powell and Ellis streets. The land, which is regarded as very valuable, was recently
acquired from Theodore F. Payne by the Royal Eagle Distilleries Company. Tne building for this company is to be erected by De Prosse & Meusdorffer, architects. The ac
e inj anying sketch was made by a Call artist from architects' drawings.
The wort of removing the old buildings from the site of the new edifice is in progress. According to the terms of the contract the new building must be completed within
s x months.
The main facade, 115 feet on Powell street and 65 feet on Ellis, will be constructed of brick, iron, cement and marble. The exterior and interior have been designed in the
rich and highly ornate Rococo style of architecture, which is in vogue in Europe at the present time, and is being used extensively throughout the Eastern States.
Tne main floor and basement will be utilized as a cafe, with banquet-halls in the basement. The walls of the banquet-halls for ladies and gentlemen are to be finished
with hardwood and marble wainscoting, surmounted by beautiful tapestry paintings and large mirrors, framed with modeled Rococo borders, and will be relieved with inter
mediate ornamental pilasters, and blended with the marble Mosaic floors and frescoed ceilings, which will give the whole a grand and palatial effect.
The main entrance will be through a spacious pillared rotunda, spaced with pilasters and finished with marble and Mosaic to harmonize with the interior. The entrance
to the ladies' cafe will also serve as an entrance to the upper floors of the building, which will be utilized for hotel purposes. An eloctric elevator and grand staircase will
give access to the cafe below.
It is said that the iron work of the new edifice will be the finest in San Francisco. The balconies and fire escapes are to be of hammered wrought iron. The tower of the
building rising 100 feet from the curb, will contain an electric clock.
ment hart been entered into between the
partiex t>y which Mr*. Craven was to re
ceive $50'),000, in consideration of which
sue was to i:ive a complete reiease to the
r an heirs ol' all her claims* against tae es
tate. He stated that Mrs. Craven advisea
Mr. Lloyd during iheiiiterview referred to
concerning the existence of a marrhige
contract. "1 advised her," said the wit
ness, "that she should not have sent the
wills out of the fciate, and that having
done so it was her duty to return them
free of expense."
It was agreed that Mrs. Graven should
go to New York and bring the will. Mr.
Lloyd advised her to assume and travel
under the name of J. S. Cameron.
The story of this journey as given by the
witness is reasonably familiar. The wit
ness produced h number of telegrams,
however, which throw some strong side
lights upon the situation.
These were the telegrams which were
transmitted in cipher. The witness pre
sented translations of them. Mrs. Craven,
upon arriving iv New YorK, was taken
dangerously ill, as appeared from tele
grams sent by her and her physician to
the eager and anxious heirs and thcr at
torneys in this City. The telegrams sent
to her by Mr. Lloyd were all of the most
urgent and anxious character, warning
her that she must come immediately with
the will, or all would be lost; that the
trust will of the 21st was on the point of
being probated.
Her replies stated in one instance that
she had lost her voice, so very ill was she.
Another stated that it would be murder
ous for her to start on the long journey,
and still another begged for a postpone
ment of two days, at the very least. The
answers to these offered small sympathy
for her in her condition, but urged her at
all hazards to bring the will; or, if that
were impossible, to send it by a reliable
messenger or by express, declaring that
Judge Slack would grant no further delay.
Telegrams produced from Roberts him
self warned Mrs. Craven that she must not
come alone, that she must come well pro
tected, and so forth.
Mrs. Craven undertook the journey, sick
as she was, having first arranged with her
friend, Mr. Mulholland of the New York
Tribune, to have a friend of hers meet her
in Chicago to carry the papers forward in
case she was unable to proceed. In Chi
cago a gentleman approached heron the
train, giving the name of C. G. Harcourt,
and telling her that he was the friend of
Mulholland and would act as the custo
dian of the ink will. She was very ill at
the time and handed him the paper. She
saw him on the train at a station east of
Reno for the last time, from which point
he disappeared.
The witness telegraphed Mrs. Craven
that he would meet her at Benicia. She
replied telling him not to do so,
and would explain later. She was sick all
the way out. Arrived at Oakland, she got
into a carriage with Mrs. Haskins on the
Oakland boat accompanied by the witness
also. They were driven directly to Mr.
Lloyd'^ office. There were there at that
time Senator Fair's son, Charles Fair,
Mr. Heggerty of Knight & Heergerty, Her
mann Oelrichs, Russell J. Wilson, Charles
S. Wheeler and Richard V. Dey. They
were very much disappointed at the loss
of tie ink will, but were pleased at receiv
ing the pencil will. Charles Fair upon
seeing the document said immediately
that it was in his father's handwriting.
"I telegraphed to Reno," said the wit
ness, "to learn about Harcourt; al?o to
New York. Mrs. Craven telegraphed to
New York concerning the custodian sent
by Mr. Mulholland."
Mulholland in reply said that he could
not give the name of the individual with
out his consent. Mrs. Craven telegraphed
that the papers and the custodian were
missing.
The reply came that the gentleman sent
by Mulholland had met Mrs. Craven, who
was returning under the name of Knox,
but that he had been treated rather curtly
by her and had not gone upon the journey.
The witness then detailed the negotia
tions concerning tne compromise contract
of 1500,000. That sum was finally acreed
upon, and Mr. Dey was appointed .to
complete the arrangements. The children
made a conveyance to Mr. Dey of the
Sansome-street property tnat be might be
in a position to raise the amount.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
The witness first paw the deeds held by !
Mrs. Craven at the office of Mr. Lloyd this J
time. "I never had any suspicion of Mrs. j
Craven," said the witness; "I always had
the most implicit confidence in her during
all the years that I have known her. I j
never saw the ink will, but I am as sure i
of its existence from what she has told me j
as I can be of anything that I have not
seen. I account for the 10--s of the ink
will on the supposition that a detective
dogjred her every footsteps from the time
she started East.
"Mrs. Craven was ill in Chicago and ap
pear* from Mr. Mulholland's telegram to
have treated his representative not as
politely as He seemed to expect, and he
left her. Some other person taking his
place secured possession of the will and
made away with it. The reason Mrs. Cra
ven gave me for sending the will East was
the fear that it would be stolen, as the
other will of the 21st was from the office
of the County Clerk. I have always had a
blind confidence in this will."
This concluded the examination, and
Mr. Delmas will begin his cross-examina
tion to-morrow.
Mr. Mitchell, who took the deposition,
remarked that the witness had given his
testimony in a straightforward, manly
way.
Republican Clubs.
Tbe committee on tbe organization of
district clubs of the Republican County
Committee met for the first time at the
Republican headquarters last nisht. The
members of the committee are: John
Jackson, P. J. Walsh. I. H. Tbompson,
James Alva Watt and G. Bacipalupi.
The committee elected John Jackson
chairman and P. J. Walsh secretary. It
was decided to take no further action as to
club organization until the next meeting,
as it was believed that existing Republican
clubs should be recognized a:id given their
share of delegates to the municipal con
vention. Tne committee will meet again
early next week.
Thirty-Fifth Republicans.
A very enthusiastic meeting of the Thirty
filth Assembly District Republican Club was
held at its headquarters, 1339 Valencia street.
The meeting was addressed by John T. Dare,
C. L. Hidcmarlc and others. Recommenda
tions for precinct committee were made and
other important business was transacted. This
club is rapidly coming to the front as one of
the prominent Republican clubs of San Fran
cisco, and points with pride to the fact that
John D. Sprecltels, leader 01 the Republican
party, is one of its enrolled members.
Funeral of Stephen Wing.
A large attendance of Masons was present
yesterday afternoon at the funeral of Stephen
Wing, one of the oldest of the craft on this
coast. Mr. Wing was born in Massachusetts
over seventy-ihree years ago. The services at
the Masonic Temple, under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 1, were very impressive.
Among the pall-bearers were: Charles L. J.
W. Pierce, thirty-third degree, Grand Con
sistory of California, and Past Grand Com
mander Henry A. Cline, also of the thirty
third degree.
CARSO N RACETRACK FRACAS.
An Old Fetid yearly Causes the Loss of
Two Lives.
CARSON, Nev., July 17.— What nearly
resulted in a double trapedy occurred at
the Carson racetrack to-day. Jack Gar
rity, who killed a man at. the Cremorne in
San Francisco a few years ago. threatened
the life of Mike Regan, another trainer.
Regan had Garrity arrested, and as soon
as Garrity got out on bail he hunted up
Reran to carry out his threat. Regan was
armed, and drawing a pistol fired two
shots. But for a man named Tweedy
stepping in and knocking Regan'w arm to
one side Garrity would now be dead.
Tbe pistol was lost and Regan grabbed a
pitchfork, knocking Garrity and Tweedy
down. Tweedy was Knocked senseless
and is dangerously hurt. Garrity is un
der arrest.
Sotano's Excellent Financial Standing.
SUISUN, Cal., July 17.— Only five coun
ties in the State have a better financial
standing than Solano County. According;
to the semi-annual account of the County
Clerk the total outstanding indebtedness
is only $9106.
McKAY'S HEAD
IS IN DANGER.
Recalled From Yokohama
to Render an Ac
counting.
A CONFERENCE CALLED.
Representatives of the Three
Roads Which Employ Him
to Be Present
LOMAX TALKS OF WHEELS.
Sings the Old Song of the Injury
They Are Doing to Other
Lines of Trade.
Railroad men of Montgomery street and
of Market street are looking forward to a
conference that is to be held in this City
to-morrow or the day after with unusual
interest.
To attend this meeting Tom McKay,
formerly local agent of the Burlington, is
coming all the way from Yokohama,
Japan; E. L. Lomax, the general agent of
the Union Pacific Company, came last
night from Omaha, and W. P. Knisken,
general passenger agent of the Chicago
and Northwestern, will arrive to-day from
Chicago. It will also be attended by a
representative of the Southern Pacific
Company.
From reports along the lower end of
Montgomery street yesterday it was gath
ered that this conference will be anything
but a lovefeast and may result in Mr. Mc-
Kay being relieved from his present pleas
ant and remunerative position.
About two years ago McKay was com
missioned by tiie Central Pacific, the
Union Pacific and the Chicago and North
western Railroad companies to go to Yo
kohama and solicit passenger business for
these roads. While the volume of his
business has been satisfactory, his meth
ods with passengers do not meet with the
entire approval of his principals. It is
charged that considerable trouble has
been experienced with passengers bandied
by McKay. They claimed that they had
made no agreement with McKay to travel
over any particular route, and in several
cases the Eastern connections of the Cen
tral Pacific lost traffic.
When McKay arrives he will be asked to
explain this and some other matters that
are not just to the liking of one or the
other of the parties interested. Taken alto
gether, the recent sojourner in the empire
of the Mikado will be made to undergo
considerable mental tribulation, and the
ultimate outcome may be his resignation.
Should he return to his former post, he
will go with new instructions, more defi
nite a;id more calculated to bring traffic
over the lines he will represent.
When seen at the Palace last night Mr.
Lomax declared that his presence here
was only in connection with the usual
routine business incident to his periodic
visits, but he acknowledged that there is
to be a conference of several big railroad
officials — merely a casual meeting, thouph.
"1 wouid have come ont six months
aeo," said he, "but business detained me.
Then I timed my visit so as to meet Tom
McKay, who will arrive here on the 19th
on the steamer China from Japan.
"Yes, Knisken of the Northwestern will
be here in a few days. Then we shall meet
just to talk over ihe Australia, Honolulu
and Japan steamship line business. I
haven't any idea what will be done— just a
little casual talk; nothing of importance.
I don't know when we shall meet, but
probably a day or two after Tom McKay
arrives— after he is rested.
"Meanwhile, I shall be busy attending
to local business, for I haven't been here
for nearly two years.
"Things are dull. Travel is very light,
and there isn't much doinp. Bicycles have
raised the deuce with suburban travel. No
man who lives within five miles of a town
thinks of using the railroad nowadays.
"The bicycle has affected all lines of
business. The taiior suffers because the
man that ought to be buying a dress suit
or a Prince Albert and Koing in society
spends his evenings wearing a cheap
bicycle suit and riding his wheel. It is the
same wav with the show business.
People that usei to seek this enjoyment
and recreation at a theater now amuse
themselves wheeling.
"In some cities there has been an enor
mous falling off in the revenue of street
car companies because of the prevalence
of the bicycle habit. And cycline is not
falling off, either. You wouldn't think so
if you could see the big orders waiting to
be tilled at some of the Eastern factories.
In Denver. I am told, the car companies
estimate that cycling has reduced their in
come |2500 a month."
NEARLY MURDERED AT MERCED.
A Transcontinental Pedestrian rails Into
Bad Company.
MERCED. Cal., July 17.— Gustav
Koegel, a young German pedestrian, in
tended to leave Los Angeles on the 18th
instant and walk to New York in ninety
days on a wager, but he is laid up in
Merced for repairs. Lastnicht he came in
on the "blind baggage" and stopped over
intending to go on this morning. He met
Charles J. Thompson, a painter by trade,
but a youngster with a natural aversion to
work.
Koegel was going to a hotel to spend
the evening, but Thompson persuaded
him that it was a useless expenditure of
money, so they stretched out on a pile of
boards in the loft of Landram's lumber
yard.
Koegel was awakened about 1 o'clock
this morning by a severe blow on the
head. Thompson was the assailant and
an ugly looking coupling-pin the weapon.
Thompson's aim was bad or Merced
would have been the scene of another
murder. Koegel grappled with his bed
mate, and yelled loudly for assistance.
Thompson then attempted to choke him.
Officer Meehan heard the cries and with
Ed Huzzie ran to the scene, where they
captured Thompson as he was attempting
to escape and took him to the County Jail.
The German was taken to the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel, where hia bruises were dressed
by a physician.
This afternoon Thompson was taken be
fore Justice Read for preliminary exami
nation. He claims that Koegel attempted
to rob him and he clubbed him in seif
defense, but the presence of the coupling"
pin on top of a pile of lumber is unex
plained. Thompson was held for an as
sault to commit murder with bail fixed at
$5000.
The assailant is a hard-looking customer.
He has been around here for some litt'e
time and claimed to be a painter. A kind
hearted citizen, who tojk an interest in
him, bad secured a job for him, but be
did not seem to enjoy an honest way of
getting money and soon threw it up.
ftoeeel will be needed as a witness at the
Superior Court, so he will not reach New
York on time.
DROWNED AT EUREKA.
Peculiar Accident to Tteo Workmen on
the Government Jetty.
EUREKA, Cal., July 17.— An accident
happened at 8 o'clock to-night at the Gov
ernment jetty works in which Angus Mc-
Donald and Ed Inman were thrown off
the track into the ocean and drowned.
Another man, Kenny Ferguson, was badly
injured. The real cause of the accident
cannot be learned. It would seem that in
an attempt to unload a carload of medium
rock the hydraulic power which is applied
to tilt cars weiu to the wrong side. The
cars instantly upset on the Bide of the
heaviest weight of rock.
McDonald was on the loaded car and In
man between it and an empty car at
tached. Both men were thrown into the
water. As the sea was rough and the tide
on the ebb no assistance could be ren
dered and they soon sank. Ferguson, the
injured man, was in the empty car. When
he saw which way the car was going to
tilt be jumped onto the trestle and es
caped with a broken leg. The life-saving
crew is now ont in a surfboat and a gang
is patrolling the beach. It is not likely
that the bodies will be recovered until
flood tide.
BOLD- UP NEAR SEFADA CITY.
Teamster Relieved of Hi* Loose Change
by a Jjone Highwayman.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., July 17.— William
Ens;le, a teamster who had been up the
country with a load of freight, was stopped
on the return trip this afternoon near the
Mount Yernon House, on the Blue Tent
road, six . miles ■ from here, by a solitary
highwayman. The robber was not masked
and was armed with a "Winchester rifle.
Engle was ordered to give up his money
and turned over $14 which he bad in nis
pocket. In the jockey-box of the wagon'
was a considerable sum in greenbacks, but
this the robber did : not get. - ■• "
The highwayman answers the descrip
tion of the man who on Tuesday last held
up Detective Gibson and Charles Sladky
of San Francisco a few miles from there on
the San Juan road, and is supposed to be
i the same party.
Arrested at Fresno for Embezzlement.
FRESNO, Cal., July 17.— J. O. Byxbee,
formerly manager in this city for the San
Joaquin Lumber Company, and later in
the employ of theClovis flourmill was to
day arrested on a charge of embezzling
$600 from his former employers, the lum
ber company. It is alleged that the offense
was committed two years ago. He was
released on bail.
NEW TO-DAT.
second=hand
Bicycles
AT GREATBARGAINS
These machines have been thoroughly
overhauled in our repair department and
are in excellent riding condition.
A FEW '95lOLllBIAS!
PLENTY OF OTHERS.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344 POST STREET.
Park Branch, Biding, Renting & Instructing,
PAGE, NEAR STANYAN.
, . NEW TO-DAT. 1
STAR.
TO-DAY ENDS THE TWELFTH YEAR
OF ITS EVENTFUL CAREER.
Read the Star's Con-
tents To-day.
It Begs Rev. L P. A. Hudleson to
; ', Sue for Libel.
The Emporium Fraud.
He'll Tan Their Hides.
Rev. Colkrn's Case.
All the Live Questions of the Day
Intelligently and Fearlessly
Considered.
5 CENTS.
Subscription. $1.50 per Year.
. Business Office, 429 Montgomery St.
Raising
of the
Standard
50
YEARS
I I_» r\ I\O
tAQO
"STANDARD" Shirts were
not known forty years ago
. they had become known.
To-day they • are raised to
the highest point in Cali-
fornia's estimation.
NEUSTADTER BROS.. Mfrs..- S. F. \
DISEASES
wlwii nieiTMFiiT
ABSOLUTELY CTTRB& Ulli IHIUN I
«r». simple application of " Swiirti Onrrmnrr" without
idt internal medicine. vfll cure sot on or Totter, Salt
Bbeam.Blncwvnn.nift.ltch.SorM.Ploplef.Krjiipelu.AA!
bo matter Slew obninate or lon<itaodinf. B«M by dragsiaia.
at tent t>T mail for 50 eta. 3 Rom*. f1.3» Addrou, Da.
BtTAiCT k Bom. T Hl».«!f Hi. fa. 4*kmr4nod*lvlfc
UAUC Vnil 0 Tnroat, Pimples, Copper- «*
l1i1A"£ IUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Seres. «
Q(2uic«r3 in Month. liair-yailine! V.'rito COOK.
WrfREiIEDY CO., 807 Masonic Temple, at
BBChlcaffO, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl- Eg
Kit»l, 8.100,000. Worst cases cured in Xfi@
agio 35 day. ICO-pnge bock, free. y
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
A CALIFORNIA BOY AT WEST POINT.
STUDIES OF CHILD LIFE IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
A SUBMARINE RAILWAY TO OAKLAND.
OUTSIDE THE BEATEN PATH.
And a Long List of Bright and Entertaining Features
Beautifully Illustrated.
THE SDNDAYTeWSPAPER.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
• NEW TO-DAT.
&3"^ v™^ x y//////??/7PP/* J£*
460 and 462 EIGHTH ST, OAKLAND.
Easton, Eldridge ft Co., 638 Market st.,S.F.
SPECIALAUCTIONSftLE
Oakland Improved and Unimproved
' Business and Residence
Property.
THIS DAY. ,
SATURDAY. JULY 18, 1896,
At 2 o'Clock P. M. at Salesrooms,
460 and 462 Eighth Street; Oakland.
TWO FINE BUSINESS LOTS on San Pable aye.,
near Twenty-third at.
ONE IMPROVED AND TWO UNIMPROVED
BUSINESS LOTS on Seventh St., near Wood.
ONE-ACRE LOT on Twenty-third St., near San
Pablo aye.
FOUR SUPERB BOULEVARD TERRACE
LOTS, 50x107 each; easy terms.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT on Franklin st., near
Deleer: 50x150: easy terms.
A NICE MODERN HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath,
situate cor. Ninth and Peralta sts; lot 50x100;
half cash.
PRETTY COTTAGE HOME on Tenth St., near
Center; 6 rooms and bath; lot 36x120; Vi cash.
THREE SIGHTLY RESIDENCE LOTS on
Adeline st., bet. Eighth and Tenth.
SIX BUILDING LOTS on East Twenty-fourth
- St., nr. Eleventh aye.: 30x100 each: easy terms.
THREE CuOICE LOTS cor. Second and Brush
sts.; must be sold.
TWO LOTS in the Clinton Mound Tract, East
Oakland.
jSTS" Don't fait to secure Catalogue and see prop-
erly before day of sale. • • ,
WH.I.IAM J. DINGEE,
Real Estate Auctioneer, 460-463 Eighth
. Street. Oakland.
TO LEASE.
MARKET-ST. STORE
ADJOINING THE MAZE,
Nos. 1150 and 1152.
Favorable terms to the right parties.
also-
ENTIRE FIRST FLOOR
15 rooms, suitable for offices or
lodgings,
NO. 1148 MARKET ST. (sunny Bide).
Apply to—
G. A. BERTON,
323 Montgomery St.
PChldteater's K» U«h Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-45»"^v Original and Only Ctennine. ■• Is.
y>/~VWv •»'€, mlwayi nlitble. uont mik A\
F*jl\ V^M Dru4«i«t for Chichuttrt £r.»lui *(a-/5V\
I'UlfL- " " ' Brand iB Kcd » u<l Cold mtuilioV**/
Tpv — «?»V42boM». •raled wlih blue ribbon. Take \JT
I*l *** WJ BO Other. Rrfius dangtrovt tubtHfi- ▼
I I ~~ fffttont and imitation*. At Draggiat*, or send 4«.
I L J* ia utaiapf for particulars, teatiiaeniala and
\V* J9 "Relief for Ladle*." in letter, by retnra
— \ - if Hull. 10.000 TMttwraials. yam* Paper.
— ""/ Chirh.»tnr Chemical Co.,M»dliionS<3uur(3,
»ok« to »U Low! DruciUu. PhlU4-«,JPa.
| COSMOFOXjITAN 1 ,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 ■ Fifth st., S»a
> r»u Cisco, CaL— The most select family hocal in
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 26 and $1 aj pa;
Cay, according to room. Meals 'lie Koonu, •> Jj
and 760 a day. .Free coach to anil from tba botai.
i Look for th* coaci» Beari uz tan name of tna O<1«*
Btop«U(»a Hotoi. WJit k'A.t±h.)( iropneWi
56
Witt cf&li
CHARLES M. SriORTRIDQH,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Pally and Sunday OaSX, one week, by carrier. 50.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai.7., three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one mouth, by mall- .65
Sunday Cau., one year, by mall.. . I.CO
Wkkk.lt Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon foiug to the country on a vacation ? If
M, It is no trouble for us to forward THK CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss yon for you will
miss It. . Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
SO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street.
San Francisco, California.
Telephone... Main— lß6B,
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone....... Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
5."0 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU
9:80 o'clock. .
339 Bayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. :.'• .'; ; * i
2518 Mission street : open nctll 9 o'clock. j j
116 Klata street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 82, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATCKDAY JULY 18, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PKESIDEXT-
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, of Ohio
FOR VICF-PKESIDEXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of Hew Jersey
KLKCTION NOVKMBEK 3. 1896.
In international bimetallism there is
safety.
Bryan does the talking and Sewali hires
the hall.
• v
It will take a thorough protective tariff
to put idle money into circulation.
Republicanism does not mean gold mono- i
metallism. Don't let the demagogues fool
you.
Join a Republican club and work for the j
party of financial honor and industrial in- j
dependence.
No workingman in this country has any
thing to gain from free trade, even if
coated by free silver.
Even in the Solid South the business
men are breaking away from the party of
repudiation and disaster.
Agitators may threaten, but they are
not dangerous, for the people will not be
fools enough to follow them.
The gold Democrats might as well put
up their little ticket, for McKinley stands
neither for gold nor for free trade.
Either there will be no Populism this
year or no Democracy in 1900 and it is for
the St. Louis convention to decide. .
It matters not what Bryan promises.
His party cannot be trusted on any
promise so long as its present leaders are
to the front.
The Cleveland Leader sizes up the Chi
cago ticket as "a windstorm and a barrel,"
and that is about the way it appears at
this distance.
Protection and bimetallism mean busi
ness and prosperity, while a combination
of free trade and silver monometallism
would be ruin.
Henry Watterson says Bryan has "a
talant for what passes as oratory," and it
will be remembered that "Watterson is an
orator himself.
The Republican party is pledged to re
monetize silver by international agree
ment, and what more can any intelligent,
conservative silver man ask? *
If our workingmen are to have wages
our industries must have protection. It
is on that platform capital and labor stand
together for a mutual benefit.
Bryan's rhetoric may excite a crowd
here and there, but McKinley's record as
a soldier and a statesman rouses the en
thusiasm of the whole country;
There is reason to believe that Million
aire Sewall regards his campaign for the
Vice-Presidency as only a pleasing varia
tion from his usual summer outing;
The Democrats voted for Cleveland
knowing him to be a representative of
Wall-street goldbugs, and now they have
the impudence to declare themselves a
free-silver party.
The experience of the last tbree years
has made it clear to all intelligent people
that the abiding issue In our politicals the
choice between Republicanism »nd plenty
tnd Democracy and destitution.
Whitney is making himself absurd by
fretting and fuming over the political
situation. If there is no Presidential
ticket in the country that suits him he
has the liberty to take a ticket to Europe.
Under the leadership of a Republican
administration the United States will be
able to rapidly advance the cause* of bi
metallism, and the record of McKinley
•hows that he can be counted on to do it.
. Under the Republican system ol sugar
bounties California could produce all the
tugar needed in America, and derive there
from a revenue that would go far toward
making her one of the empire States of
the Union.
No Cal ifornian should overlook the fund
ing bill fight at any stage of the campaign.
We should send to Congress from every
iistrict a stanch Republican who will
itand for the people against the creed of
the monopoly. - ' ' -
If the Democratic gang manages to
sapture the Populist convention at St.
Louis there will be the biggest bolt on
record.- The stalwarts in the middle of
ihe road do not intend to be stampeded
Into the woods.
The Democrats - are making strenuous
ifforts to get the people to believe that '
.he Republican party is pledged to the
establishment of the single gold standard,
tut inasmuch as McKinley has been a
insistent bimetallism and the St. Louis
slat form declares for international bimet
illiam, such efforts will be as futile as they
ir« foolish.
POR NATIONAL HONOR.
There was a notable scene at Canton on
Thursday when five hundred veterans of
the war went to congratulate their com
rade, Major McKinley, upon his nomina
tion for tne Presidency. In the person of
those veterans the Republican party of to
day is identified with that of Lincoln and
of Grant. They are the men who saved
the Nation in the days of Democratic
treason and disunion, and it must be in
the highest decree gratifying to their
loyal hearts to know that one of the rea
sons why the great mass of the American
people will support McKinley is because
he also was a soldier of the Union and one
of its patriotic defenders during the long
course of the war.
McKinley's address to his old comrades
was on the highest plane of patriotic
politics. "We have reached a po ; nt in
our history," he said, "when all men who
love their country must unite to defend
by their ballots the forces which now
assail the country's honor." Even among
the men who fought against the Union,
as he went on to say, there are now
thousands who are patriotic and loyal to
the flae and to the Nation. These men
value its prosperity and its financial in
tegrity. "The struggle which is upon
us," he declared, "involving National
good faith and honor, will enlist their
united and earnest services until those
who are arrayed against tbe public faith
shall be routed and dispersed."
These are noble words. Spoken by a
veteran of the war to his comrades who
wore the blue they breathe the sentiment
of a true and generous confidence in the
brave men who wore the gray. He ap
pealed through the Grand Army to honor
able Southern men to stand together with
Union soldiers in this struggle against the
forces of repudiation and disaster. "The
future." he exclahned, : 'is the sacred trust
of us all. South as well as North. Hon
esty like patriotism can be bounded by
neither State or sectional lines. Financial
dishonor is the threatened danger now,
and good men will obliterate the lines of
party in a united effort to uphold Ameri
can honor. This you Lave always done
and you must strive to keep the Union
worthy of the brave men who sacrificed
their lives for it"
These words are not liice those of the
shallow rhetoric of the boy orator. They
ring with the genuine eloquence of noble
thoughts and a true grandeur of senti
ment. They will find a response in the
South as well as in the North and in
the West. It will be in vain that
the agitators will try to weaken the
effect of such words by clamoring
that McKinley is tne advocate of Wall
street gold monometallism. The people
know that the Republican party is pledged
by its platform to bimetallism, that Mc-
Kinley has always been a consistent bi
metallist, and that he stands for the
money of the constitution— gold and sil
ver—as firmly as for patriotism, loyalty
and National honor.
THE PROBLEM OF BIMETALLISM.
Commerce is barter whether tbe trade
interchange be between J articles of con
sumption or between articles of consump
tion and what is called money, and all
barter is effected upon, supposed equiva
| lency. Money is itself a commodity, and
I when money i/s exchanged for another
; article the transaction is merely an ex
change of commodities, although money
is always in addition thereto a common
medium of exchange, which other articles
of commerce are not. This gives money
i the double function of commercial com
modity and article for the settlement of
tne difference in the value between two
t other commodities exchanged, but money
does not fix values. Supply and demand
does that.
The actuating principle, which is wholly
a mental one, of every bualness transac
tion is to receive as much as is given, and
any trade exchanges are made possible
only because each party to the transaction
wants something he has not, but which he
can^>btain by exchanging that which he
has for it. Nevertheless, there must
be one article for a common medium of
exchange which ia not au article of con
sumption so niucu as it is an article tliat
can be exchanged for any commodity —
that is to say, if one has a bushel of po
tatoes which be wishes to exchange for
their equivalent in turnips and he cannot
effect the exchange with the owner of the
turnips, he exchanges his potatoes for
their equivalent in an article which is a
common and universal thing of exchange
and exchanges that for turnips.
The faith of the ovner of the potatoes in
j tbe stability of the character and tbe uni
versality of the function of tbe thing he
will exchange bis potatoes for and will re
exchange for the tnrnips must necessarily
be unclouded by doubt, else he would not
for prudential reasons undertake to put in
motion the processes required to conduct
tbe several exchanges necessary to secure
the turnips. The essence of all commer
cial operations is contained in the desire
and purpose of the man with the potatoes
to exchange them for turnips. However
extended tbe ramifications may be, or
however complicated and multiplied the
intermediate transactions, they all resoivp
themselves in an effort which shall at last
convert the potatoes into turnips.
The article which is called money or
dollar is not, as we have said, a consump
tion commodity, yet because it is inter
changeable with every other commodity
and is accepted in settlement of balances
in trade interchange instead of merchant
able commodities it follows that it must
possess enough stability of character and
inherent worth to make it acceptable with
out waiting for a brief to be filed for or
against its fitness for the work assigned to
it. It must be accepted for a dollar as a
matter of course and without question
when its quantity and quality, as per
agreed standard by commerce, is guaran
teed by tbe commercial nation that stamps
"dollar" upon it.
Now, this is the kind of money that is
meant by "sound money" in the Republi
can platform. The question very natu
rally arises here, "What material is pro
posed to be employed in making this
'sound money' ?" Silver and gold being
the only metals possessing the needed
qualities for such a purpose it needs no
argument to prove that by "sound money"
the Republican party means silver and
pold dollars. But how shall they be is
sued so that tbe owner of the potatoes will
know that the owner of the turnips will
accept whichever is tendered him T
It is right here tbat the far-reaching
statesmanship and thorough honesty of
purpose of the Republican party comes
into conspicuous play. It proposes to call
together in joint conference the owner of
the potatoes, the owner of the turnips and
some of its own most distinguished econo
mists for the purpose of agreeing upon a
basis for the interchange of tbe silver and
the gold dollar, the one with the other,
upon an absolute parity of worth, impor
tance and function— a basis which shall
continue and oe unalterable until the par
ties in interest themselves shall agree to
alter, change or amend the basis of the
intercbangeability of the dollar. This is
tbe only true basis for a bimetallic cur
rency. It is the only basis for issuing two
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
or more kinds of money which shall always
be one in essence, in function, in purpose
and in value, but which are independent the
one of the other in the fields of employ
ment.
The difference between the Republican
and Democratic platforms is very wide.
The latter declares that it will call no con
ference of tbe parties in interest; that it
will not wait to establish a basis of parity
so tbat silver and gold dollars would vol
untarily ba interchangeable, but it will
assume that the gold dollar is trespassing
in the held of commerce and will order
the silver dollar to go forth and compete
with it without consulting the likes or the
dislikes of the owner of the potatoes or
the owner of the turnips. He is very
blind indeed who cannot see that such a
policy would drive either the gold or the
silver from the field. This is Bryan's way
of securing "bimetallism," and those who
believe that to be a better way to secure
the circulation of the two metals than to
put them in the field together upon an
exact parity and then treat them in a way
that antagonisms would be impossible, are
surely joined to false gods.
TEMPTING THE POPULISTS.
The Populists have spent several years
in building up their party to a point of
numerical strength where it could com
mand a respectable hearing, and in all
reason it should hold on to all that it has
acquired, especially so now that it sup
plants the Democracy as the second of the
two great parties of the country. It advo
cates some very wild and foolish theories,
but as yet it has not been contaminated
by tbe touch of the red hand of anarchism,
as has the Democracy. Of most Populists
it may be said they are honest and sincere,
and are convinced in their own minds that
the condition of the people would be bet
ter every way if the Government were con
ducted in harmony with their economic
theories. Perhaps it is the unostentatious
way the leaders have in presenting their
theories that commends the party as an
organization as being moved by honest
intentions, but anyway it surely is en
titled to be called one of the two great
political parties of the country.
It is when one considers these things
that he ia surprised that any serious
thought should be given by the leaders to
the overtures of the Democracy to abandon
their all that has been gained and help fur
ther the cause of men who have hitherto
been their party's bitterest foes. It
would be different if tbe Populist party
could lay their cause aside for a season
and help Bryan and his party, but the in
dorsement of the Chicago nominees, or
any kind of an affiliation with that party
would necessarily disintegrate the Popu
list organization. It could never again
muster a corporal's guard, and, moreover,
whatever it had gained in the past would
become the heritage of the Democracy.
Mr. Taubeneck of the Populists' National
Committee sums up the disadvantages
that would accrue from accepting the
Chicago nominees and platform. He says
the People's party would lose its identity
and become an annex to tbe Democracy,
and gives the following reasons for his
belief:
First— Whenever one party indorses tne
National ticket of another, it has so further
excuse to exist
Second— All the State, Congressional, legis
lative and county candidates in the People's
party, with the exception of a few Western
States, will have to resign, because it will be
impossible for the Populist candidates to make
a tight for their local tickets when the party
nationally indorses the Chicago nominees.
Third— The Populist and Silver parties will
lose their organizations, and will go to pieces
after the November election and become a part
of the Democratic machine.
Fourtn— The Populist press, which Is a
powerful factor with an organization behind
it, would disappear and be displaced by a
Democratic press and the Populist editors
turned down.
Mr. Taubeneck might have adaed that
under the laws of several States, the
Populist party after fusing with Democ
racy this year could not have a ticket
independent of the Democratic ticket,
except by petition, which would be an
acknowledgment that the party no longer
had a leva! existence. It so happens tbat
in nearly all the States that Bryan is
counting on the Populist vote is larger
than the Democratic, but of course, if the
St. Louis convention indorses him, they
would be counted as representing the real
Democratic strength, and the Populists
would not have even so much as a news
paper notice ol the demise of their party.
But Altgeld and company are persuasive
talkers, and they will be in St. Louis in
force and with money. "Lead us not into
temptation," should be the prayer of the
honest Populist,
THE "SUNDAY CALL."
Tomorrow's issue of Thb Call will be
another splendid example of the he'eht
to which modern Californian journalism
bas attained. While presenting the news
of the world more completely than any
other newspaper on the coast, because of
its unrivaled telegraphic facilities, tbe
fact is continually noted and commented
upon that The Call is particularly and
peculiarly a California newspaper.
This fact becomes more apparent in Its
Sunday issue, perhaps, for here there is
greater latitude permitted the editorial
function in the selection of attractive and
novel features. As is well known, it is far
more economical to buy Eastern syndicate
articles and illustrations, or to manufac
ture a freaky and sensational journal by
distorting, exaggerating and sensational
izing the more hideous and ghastly
points in the current week's budget of
news, than it is to present each
week a fresh series ot novel and attractive
features in wholesome and entertaining
literature, art and science. The latter can
neither be faked and rehashed in the
office, nor the expense of procuring them
snared among forty or fifty other newspa
pers. And, what is far more to the point,
they may be and are very largely of a
homelike flavor that makes them of ab
sorbing interest, first to all Califor
niar.s and next fo all the world be
sides, for the truth is that the whole
world still retains at least its sentimental
and romantic interest in California. No
other Sundny newspaper ia so largely
quoted and copied from by the newspapers
of Kew York and the Kast generally as
The Sisday Call, and this is because The
Call is always keenly alive to the things
of human interest in all departments, that
lie at its own doors, and looks abroad only
for the news, or when the possibilities of
the City and State have become exhausted.
Seme of the more important features of
to-morrow's Issue are the following:
"A California Boy at West Point " This
is a graphic description of the experiences
of a Ukiah lad who went to the great mili
tary academy, took tbe examination suc
cessfully, was hazed every day by tbe
cadets, and then finally rejected for a
slight physical flaw that was largely
caused by the hazing.
Somewhat as a foil to this, though
quite a feature in itself, are the experi
ences of Colonel Stewart of Berkeley,
who was a classmate of General Long
street at West Point more than fifty
years ago.
"In the Shadow of Windsor Castle,"
scenes on and off. the beaten path in
Merry Old England, Eton and the
Ix>rd High Chancellor, written by a San
Francisco woman.
Some picturesque and rather startling
studies of child life on the streets of San
iran cisco.
"An Evening With the Street Orators of
San Francisco."
"Camp Life in the California Sierras.''
'The Oddest Trunk Line in California."
"The Oldest House on Jackass Hill,"
that wa9 once inhabited by Bret Harte.
Prentiss Mulford and Mark Twain.
"San Diego's Great Irrigation System."
Plans for a submarine railway between
San Francisco and Oakland. This is a
feasible project. Fully illustrated.
These and many other features will ap
pear in fhk BomaY Call, and in no other
newspaper.
COST OP DEMOCRATIC RULE.
If it were not bo expensive to the
country the results thus far from applied
"tariff for revenue only" and Democratic
incompetency generally would be laugh
able. Wnen Cleveland aod a Democratic
Congress took hold of the Government it
was given out that a Simon pure for reve
nue only tariff law would be enacted im
mediately, and everybody was told to get
ready to enjoy the blessedness of the new
order of things. Well, the new law came
and tariff for revenue began to pour in,
but after an experience running through
twenty-two months the impression pre
vails pretty generally that the quicker the
country abandons the revenue only tariff
misfit the better it will be for all con
cerned.
Daring the first twenty-two months of
the operation of the McKinley act the cus
toms receipts amounted to $347,829,925.
In the corresponding period under the
operation of Cleveland's forrevenne-only
law $2»1,186,600 was received, which
gives a decrease of $56,643,325 for fooling
with Democratic theories. But that
is not all. During the same months
of the operation of tbe McKinley law, in
ternal revenue receipts aggregated $273,
-918,359. For the same number of months
under Democratic rule the total internal
revenue receipts amounted to $237,198,215,
which gives another specimen of Demo
cratic incapacity in the shape of a decrease
of $36,720,144.
When Mr. Cleveland was inaugurated
the interest-bearing debt of the Nation
was 5585,034,260. He has managed to in
crease it by $262,323,630, making the debt
stand $847,363,890. President Harrison
reduced the bond debt $244,819,730, and so
far President Cleveland has increased it
to over $18,000,000 more than it was
before Mr. Harrison paid any of it. Be
tween 1865 and 1896 the ayerage monthly
decrease of tbe public debt was $5,701,114.
Mr. Cleveland has managed to increase
the debt at the rate of $5,558,240 per
month. Of course the country has reason
to be prond of Democratic rale !
A PLACE FOR THE BOYS.
What can a boy do. and where can a bor sUy,
If he la always told to feet out of the way!
He cannot sit here, and ha ranst not stand there,
Tbe cushions that cover that fine rock in* chair
Were put there, of course, to be seen and admired.
A boy has no business to ever get tired. •
The beautiful roses and flowers that bloom
On tne floor or the darkened and delicate room*
Are not to walk on— at least, not by boys;
The Louse is no place, anyway, for their noise.
A place for the toys, dear mother, I pray,
as cares settle down around our short fcnrihly way.
Don't let us forget by our kind, loving deeds.
To «bow we remember their pleasures and needs;
Though our souls may be vexed with problems of
And worn with besetments and tolling and strife,
Our hearts will keep younger— your tired heart
and mine—
If we give them a place In their innermost shrine.
A ad to life's latest hour 'twill be one of oar joys;
That we keep a small corner— a place for tbe boys.
—Boston Evening Transcript.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Tommy— Pop, what's a critic*
Tommy's Pop— A critic, my boy, is a man who
gets paid for telling other people how they
ought to do things that he couldn't possibly
do himself.— Philadelphia Record.
Walker— Your claim that you save from 60
cents to $ 1 carfare every day is simply ridicu
lous. You sever averaged more than two car
rides a day.
Wheeler — My dear boy, you don't understand.
E\ery time I go out on my wheel— and that
comes to ten to twenty times — I just imagine
that I wou'.d have taken a car.— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Yes," said the dear girl, "I knew he was
an impostor, though he did wear the college
coiors."
"And how?' asked the other dear girl.
'-Easily enough. He didn't seem to think he
was any tK'tter than anybody else."—Cincin
nati Enquirer.
"When they mean a silver dollar why don't
they say so, instead of calling it a wheel?"
U-i-tily asked tho man who detests slang.
"It is called r wheel to catch the bicycle
vote," alleged the man who just woa't take
tlnDgs seriously.— lndianapolis Journal.
•The Germans always play the aco as the
lowest card in the deck now."
•Why?'
•For fear of being arrested for le»e majeste."
Truth.
"Bprintly broke the long-distance running
record, did he not?"
"He dirt. We told him just as he started that
his wife had sent for him to beat a carpet."-
Judge.
He— l'm sure I don't know what to say to
him.
Hhe— Just say, 'Sir. Smith, I want to marry
your daughter." Papa will say the rest.—
Pick-Me-Up.
"So Jessie Westside married him at last."
•Yes; he promised her a wheel if she would,
you kaow."
"3o she took him for wheel or woe."— Buffalo
Times.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Ganeral A. B. Lawton of Bavannah, Ga., who
baa just died, was one of the oldest graduates
of West Point, having left that institution iii
1838.
Bishop Temple of Loudon says that during
the last thirty-five years Anglican churchmen
have contributed about $400,000,000 to re
ligious objects.
One of Lord Kelvin's many distinctions is to
bnv« the shortest pedigree in "Burke." It be
gins and ends with his father, James Thom
son, profetsor of mathematics in the Univer
sity of Glasgow. It might, however, have
been considerably extended.
An Irish lady who possesses a most valuable
relic of Burns has revokea a clause in h?r will
in which she bequeathed it to the trustees of
the Burns institution in Ayr, because they
have refused to ttul or lend tb«ir collection of
Burnslana to the Glasgow Exhibition.
Moses Adams Sr.. who has just flied at bis
home, at Rock Hou.«e Creek, Ky.. at the age
of 102, was one of the early settlers of Ken
turky. For sixty years he wu a leading politi
cal character in Eastern Kentucky, and was
known all over the country as "Rock House
Mose."
An aunt of S. R. Crockett, the Scotch writer,
has lived in Springfield, Ohio, for thirty-three
years. She says that among the boyish traits
which excited comment was his willingness
to make any sacrifice for books. Every penny
was saved with that object in view. As he
grsw older he would spend days upon the hills
studying the landscapes.
Genaan papers record the death of an inter
esting personage, Herr Albert Joly, who was
formerly confidential messenger of Prince Bi*.
marck, who intrusted him with the carriage of
specially important documents and telegrams.
He was well known xn Berlin as "the Bltck
Rider," his hair, clothes, horse, and even tbe
bsg In which he carried the missive! , being all
of tbat hue.
PERSONAL.
s. T. God be of Salt Lake is a guest at the
Baldwin.
John G. Hinkel, the San Diego brewer, is at
the Grand.
H. W. Child, a mining man of Montana, is at
the Palace.
O. M. Francis, the Napa Journalist, is at the
Occidental.
J. H. Graven of Los Angeles arrived at the
Baldwin yesterday.
J. W. Winston, a capitalist of Los Angeles, is
registered at the Palace.
N. P. McFaul, the contractor at Ukian, Is at
the Grand on a short visit.
Louis Meyer of the Healdsburg Tribune is
registered at the California.
J. M. Haley and Augustus Ehle, mining men,
of Chicago, are at the Grand.
P. Mclntyre, a mining man of Sonora, is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
W. F. Allen and wife of Virginia City, Nev.,
are at the Kusa on their bridal tour.
Major X. B. Kennedy of the United Statei
army arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Mrs. M. J. Ciaff and daughter of Stockton
are registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. I. McSorley, a business man of San An
dreas, is among those registered at the Grand.
J. Copeland, a mine expert and mining man
of Sacramento, is making a short visit at the
Lick.
Lieutenant Bader of the United States
steamer Alert arrived at the California last
night.
If. A. Getz and wife, prominent residents of
Los Angeles, are guests at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Broad Barnar, a mining and civil engineer
from London, Eng., is a late arrival at the
Grand.
Miss Dorcas Wheelock, a veteran school
teacher, is f,t the Grand, registered from Santa
Barbara.
Senator Stephen M. White of Los Angeles ar
rived here yesterday for a visit of several days
in the City.
George L. Arnold of Los Angeles, a member
of the Siate Board of Equalization, is on a visit
at the Lick.
D. W. Blamet, W. H. Allderdice and W. 8.
Hughes, officers of the United States navy, are
among the Palace guests.
J. W. Wintonof Los Angeles is at the Palace
on hit way to the Bradbury mine in Mexico.
His wife was a Miss Bradbury.
E. L. Lomox of Omaha, general passenger
agent of the Union Pacific Railroad, arrived at
the Palace last night from the East.
W. H. Barr, an old-time boatman, accompa
nied by nis son, W. G. Barr of Newark, N. J.,
will leave this City to-day on a trip around the
world.
Abe Leach of Oakland, the young attorney
and society man, will leave for the East on
Monday for a three montns' pleasure trip
and visit to friends.
Hon. John VT. Gass, City Justice of San Jose,
is visiting friends In this City with his Bisters,
Mrs. Wilson and Mrs. Farnans of Bt. Louis.
Judge Gasa' stenographer, Mrs. Alexander, is
with the party. They were taken on the Gen
eral McDowell yesterday to points of interest
on the bay.
Horace S.Clark of Mattoon, 111., arrived at
the Palace last night, with his wife and daugh
ter. It is his first visit to this coast, and is one
for pleasure. Judge Clark occupied the bench
in Mat toon for several years; he was a State
Senator, and later ran for Govenor. Now
he is a Republican nominee for elector at large
in Illinois. Three or four years ago he was
department commander of the Grand Army of
the Republic in that State. He ia a member
of the Mattoon law firm oi Clark & Scott and of
the Chicago law firm of Clark & Clark. He
will remain here several days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 17. — Wllhelm
Kretchman arrived in on the North German
liner Trave. At the St. Cloud— J. J. Hall;
Windsor— A. H. Small; Belvedere— G. Collins,
Mrs. S. Kaotz; Imperial— A. Walter; Marl
borough— F. Webster.
LADY'S ROUND WAIST WITH
SURPLICE FRONT.
The folded overlapping or surplice fronts
are always pretty for wash dresses. For silk
waists the style is also very Rood and admits
of a pretty trimming of batiste. This may be
used for the V-front, for the lower sleeves, with
a narrow edge to match to lay over the collar
in the new style.
btripes make up effectively if used as shown
in the illustration.
A plain material may be trimmed with rows
of lace or braid around the lower sleeve and
across the V at neck.
White lawn or dresses of washable silk are
daintily trimmed with a ruffle of lace on the
edge of the overlapping front A ruffle of lace
at the waist, deep enotigh to reach the knack-
V 8V 8 very stylish. TEe back may bo i made
?i*sT Pa if ' th bands of ribbon from the waist
to the shoulder, where the end In bows that
seem also to adorn the front.
T,i7i r J?i , n ribbo " » are beautilul on white or
P lain colors, while plain ribbons are preferred
on striped or figured materials.
•it h • ii 8 «? V b f. own crepon had a plain skirt
EKUfi wa } 8t ,alter lMs model. *hlch was made
entirely of the crepon. except the surplice
haH«^:w«h hwer f. of yellowish embroidered
?» 11 .^ w »h a scalloped edge which, was used
ior the front. The lfning for the waist front
was of green silk and showed through the em
broidery, which was very open. A ribbon
it. ned hls P ret( y d«>««d «>««- Piccadilly points of
the batiste were set on the collar. *"" uw OI
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
It "Wag the Gab.
San Bernardino Tlmes-lodex.
Great is the gift of Gab.
Mo Excuse »eded.
San Jose News,
The fact that a man trades off a '95 bicycle
fora make of '96 does not furnish his wife an
excuse for trading the piano and sewine-ma
chine for an up-to-date style.
Straws That Turn Scale*.
The PaeiUc.
Think of the imperial State of Kew York be
ing hissed in convention and a twenty min
utes' speech for free silver weighing more
than gold and Tammany together!
The New Feature.
Pasadena btar. *
A "baby department" is now one of the at
tractions of the Santa Monica church, says the
West Oakland Bnn. A kid department is also
a feature of the l>emocratii; party.
111-Matched Wings.
Fresno Republican.
A Democratic Crow who bad one wing
broken by a load from a Cleveland shotgun or
dered a nice new wing from a Populist Hen,
but when he tried to fly on the strangely as
sorted pair he sank back exhausted.
"It is mighty hard to fly on such a combina
tion of winers, " he dejectedly remarked.
It Is, indeed.
Time for a Change.
Oakland Tribune.
For the past two and a half years European
manufacturers and producers ran oar custom
houses, while European bankers ran the
treasury, and while our own people have been
idle, mills closed down or running on half
time, European manufacturing concerns have
been declaring large dividends. While bard
times and no business has been the cry from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, Europeans who
have captured the American markets are in
high clover, rejoicing in their prosperity, the
result oi the Wilson tariff law.
He Stands Well.
Angels Camp Echo.
Bhould Samuel M. Shortridge decide to run
for the Senate we think that his prospects for
winning would be very bright. He stands well
with the Republican party and can be consid
ered a representative man all round. The suc
cess that has always attended his efforts is not
likely to forsake him in nis new undertaking.
A Cartoon Appreciated.
Oakland Enquirer.
"Retouching the family portraits" is the
title of a striking cartoon in to-day's Call.
The portraits referred to are those of Jefferson
and Jackson, the patron saints of the Demo
cratic party. Perched on a chair Altgeld is
represented as putting some embellishing
touches to these pictures with material taken
from a vessel labeled "Anarchist paint," hell
by Herr Most, the imported socialist who hid
under a bed when the New York police went to
arrest him. On a bust of Tilden, in the rear of
Most, is hung a string of bombs.
California's Platform.
tos Angeles Record.
Out here in California our situation is so
isolated and peculiar that we should have no
politics but California politics.
First, the great canal.
Second, protection for the products of
California.
Without protection we can't hold our own
wita Europe on fruits.
With protection or a bounty on sugar we
would astonish the world in 'sugar-beet cul
ture and in the production of sugar.
With the canal we could get along without
protection.
Is the man who does not make these things
first and who does not work for them with all
his might a friend of California?
A MEDAL OF HONOR.
New Decoration Devised by the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
The annual meeting of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children held
yesterday afternoon was attended by Presi
dent Charles Sonntag, Secretary Charles
P. Welch and Directors Gilbert Palache,
New Decoration for Friends of the
Children.
G. A. Newhall, A. Roman, S. C. Buckbee,
1. T. Milliken and Horatio Beveridge.
Tbe session was executive. It was re
ported that much good work had been
done by the officers of the society during
the year, many wrongs to children having
been averted, even in families where the
society might not have been expected to
interfere.
Mr. Welch was confirmed in his post as
secretary, and thirty-five new members,
residents of Alameda, Berkeley and Oak
land, were enrolled.
The society has caused a handsome
bronze medal to be made, which will be
presented to all persons saving the life of
a child in danger. The workmanship of
the medal is most artistic, and the society
hopes that tbe prospect of gaining it may
inspire adults to do their best to aid its
work.
THE RUSSIAN RIVER.
Bailroad People Say That the Watei
Is Pure and Absolutely Free
From Poison.
Some days ago a statement was pub
lished that horses had been poisoned by
drinking the waters of tbe Russian River
and that men who had bathed in the
stream complained subsequently of an ir
ritation of the skin.
Henry C. Whiting, general manager of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
way Company and Mr. Ryan, general
superintendent of tbe line, do not know
how the rumor started. They have in
vestigated the subject by having inquiry
made as to the quality and condition of
water at various points on the stream.
They are convinced that the water is as
pure as ever and that no poison exists in
tbe river.
The Russian River is formed by a great
number of small tributaries that take
their rise from springs and melting snows
in the mountains of Mendocino and So
noma counties. The current of the river
is swift from the mountains to tidewater,
as the fall per mile is considerable.
Mr. Whiting is sure tbat the sources of
the Russian River are &a pure as those of
any other stream on the continent. The
snows which fell last winter are -till dis
solving and replenishing tbe little lakes
and brooks in tbe high mountains.
— — • — •
MERCHANTS' NEW MEMBERS.
Twenty-Eight Buaineß* Firms Joined the
Association Yesterday.
The Iroquois Club will hold a meeting
to-night at its headquarters, 909 Market
street, for the consideration and discus
sion of the new charter. J. Richard Freud,
secretary of the Merchants' Assoc ation,
has been specially invited to speak upon
the charter and bas consented to do so.
The Continental League, one of the lead
ing Republican organizations of the City,
bas sent a committee with its president to
request J. Richard Freud, secretary of the
Merchants' Association, to address that
organization upon the new charter at an
early date. Agreeable to the wishes of
the board of directors of the Merchants'
Association Secretary Freud will address
the Continental Leapue upon the new
charter.
Twenty-eight new applications for mem
bership in the Merchants' Association
were received yesterday at the offices of
the association in the Mills building. This
makes the present total membership of
tbe Merchants' Association 608 business
firms.
New Mining Company.
The Emery Drift Gravel Mining Company
was yesterday incorporated by L. J. Kirn ball.
Fred Hiller, C. L. Benton, Charles Rickhofr
and G. T. Emery with a capital stock of $500.
-000, of which $400,000 nau been paid in.
Electrical Supply Company.
The M. KolSman Company, dealers in elec
ncorpor * te<l with *
DEATH OP A FORTY-NINER
John Dennis, an Old-Time
Miner, Passed Away in To
ronto, Ontario.
Left Property in Ca'ifornia and Can
ada Valued at Many Thousands
of Dollars.
John Dennis, an old-time California
miner, died December 31, 1895, in Toronto,
Ontario. A copy of his will was tiled
yesterday in the County Clerk's office by
F. H. Burke, who asks to be appointed
administrator of the local property of the
deceased, which is worth $3000.
The papers from the Canadian courts,
in which the testator is described as John
Dennis, gentleman, are in the nature of a
curiosity to one acquainted with California
probate methods.
Dennis must have died possessed of con
siderable property, for his will provides
for tbe payment of $3200 per year to his
wife for family maintenance, $100 per year
additional to each of his dauehters, and a
liberal allowance to his sons. A clause in
his will also bequeaths his watch and
chain to his eldest son. It is as follows:
I give and bequeath to my son, Joseph
Browne Dennis, my gold watch, purchased
with the gold I dug from the mines in Califor
nia in 1849, and also the gold chain worn
therewith, and it is my wish that the watch
shall not go out of the family.
An idea of the state of the real estate
market in Canada is also eriven in another
clause in the document. It is recited that
the testator owns a number of pieces of
real estate in various portions of Toronto,
but knowing the demand for such prop
erty to be dull, the executors of the will
are requested not to attempt to dispose of
any ot it until better prices can be ob
tained than at present.
Saved From imprisonment.
There was a marriage in Police Judge Camp
beli's chambers yesterday. The bride was
Nora Curran, 17 years of ege, who lived at
713J4 Clementina street. She had not been
particular in her choice of associates and re
cently full iuio the hands of the officers of tne
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty 10
Children, and fhe stood a good chance of be
ing sent to the Magdalen asylum. The groom
was Frank Frazier, a messenger boy whom she
had deserted. He came forward at the last
moment and saved the girl from imprison
ment by making her bis wife.
Xcw Company for Oriental Business.
The American Mercantile and Banking Com
pany, with a capital slock of $600,000, was
incorporated yesterday. The object is to do a
general commercial business with China,
Japan and Korea, and the head office will be
in San Francisco. The director? are: J. P.
Grant. W. J. Sutherland, L. W. Howe, Kdniund
Tauszky and George ft. Wells. Attorney Wells
yesterday said tne future of the company
hung on the Asiatic contingency, and declined
to make public any particulars of the com
pany's business.
A I. right Weekly.
Thoroughly abreast of the times in every re
spect Town Talk presents this week to its
readers a handsomely printed and carefully
edited number, which, together with pictorial
attractions, contains an interview with Miss
Maxine Elliott, entitled "In the Boudoir of a
Beauty"; news from the art studios of Amedie
Joullin and Miss Lon Wall; where the smart
set is recuperating— told in chat from various
out-of-town resorts where society congregates;
a story by the "Idler," entitled "A Summer's
Dream"; some comments upon the Individual
ity of the Carmen kiss, as osculated by Rose
Coghlan and Frederick Warde; dramatic crit
icisms; amusing anecdotes concerning well
known people; editorial thrusts at municipal
management; musical notes, and a pleasing
variety of miscellany, entertaining, breezy,
reliable and clean. Read Town Talk- •
California glace fruits, 50c Ib. Townsend's.'
•—• — * — «
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
« » »
TowNSE>T>'s famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c"
» — ♦ »
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. •
" ;—; — • — — * —
Cream mixed candies 25c pound in Japanese
baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market St., Palace.*
•—• — ♦ — *
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac. Carriage Co.*
* » »
Fpecial information daily to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by th 9 Prau
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. * .
' Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
"Park Playce is always preaching economy
yet he never practices It." *
"Oh, yes, he does."
"In what instance ?" i
■ "When he gives money to his wife."— Buffalo
Times. v • .
Cheap Excursion to St. Paul.
The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific Rail
road has been selected as the official route to at
tend the National Encampment of the G. A. R. at
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. The
excursion will leave San Francisco and Sacra
mento August 28 at 7 p. ir. Kates $67 90 for the
round trip. The above rate is open to all who wish
to make the trip East. Send your name and ad
dress to T. K. Btawler, general agent, 638 Market
treet, San Francisco, for «leepmg-car reservations.
Are "Eon Going East 1 . 1
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa F*
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence or
alkali dust. Particularly adapted .'or the trans
portation of families because of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which ron daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and ia
charge of attentive condnctors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street. Chronicle buildinz.
Telephone, Main 1531.
So bnffet should oe without a bottle of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, tha South American
appetizer and invigorator.
"Wouidst be without it for worlds : tr v U the
emphatic declaration of a lady in reference to
Ay er"s Hair Vigor.
When Queen Victoria is robed for such a
state occasion as a drawing-room, it is not un
usual to see her display over $750,000 worth
of jewelry.
_ j NEW TO-PAT.
IS Teas*
Coffees
A *
<•»• 1 8 1 1 I bi^3 ■■'
g |# I %| U l#
■ - . - : . .. ■
So Good
So Pure
A Beautiful Piece of Chinawars
Given to Each Customer.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st/ i 46 Ninth st.
agio Mission st. a ,B Third ifc,»
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore at.
,? n o*?? y •** 9*5 Market »t.-
MiJ» Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth at.
521 Montgomery «ye. 104 Second st.
«3 Hayas st &S9 Mission st.
- • . ■ ■ Sa Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth aiWi
til San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
, 1355 Park st., Aiameda.She C&U
7^ ttfltl wif^ftSrjT
SATURDAY ....... ........JULY 18, 1891
AMUSEMENTS.
CAtIFOBKIA THEATEB.-"Carmen."
Columbia THKATKB-r"Tbe Charity Ball."
SJoßosco's oi-KBA-Housi£-"Slde Tracked."
Ti vou OPEBA-Hore*.- -Romeo and Juliet."
Crpheum— Hl?h-Class Vaudeville.
Pctko Baths— Bathing and performance*.
i-hoot the Chutes— Dally at Haight street,
one block east of the Park.
Baseball— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Presidio Athletic Gkounds— Baseball to-
morrow. ,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Mill Valley this evening,
KxciTßsioN— the wreck of the Colombia, to-
morrow morning.
—
AUCTION SALES.
By William J. Dingbk— day (Saturday).
Oakland Real Estate, at salesrooms, 460 and 462
Kkht street, Oakland, at 2 o clock.
By sshainwald. Bcckbee <fc Co — Thursday,
July 23. Real Kstate, at salesroom, 218-220
Montgomery street. • ":;"■'-'
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The registrations yesterday were 2863.
The work of improvement still goes on in
and about the Potrero.
John Dennis, an old California miner, died
in Toronto, Ontario, recently.
Harry C. Biggs has sued Isaac Anderson for
damages for defamation of character.
Don Pedro Jimenez gives his version of Tues
day's lively scene at the Hotel Marechal Niel.
San Luis Obispo County will soon have a fine
exhibit in the rooms of the State Board of
Trade.
A cloudy morning and a fair afternoon with
westerly winds is the weather prediction for
to-day.
The Colored McKinley Republican Club has
perfected a permanent organization for the
campaign.
The United States steamer Alert arrived from
San Diego yesterday. She has been on a survey
ing cruise.
Mary B. Daniels, a Japan missionary, vester
d«y sued the estate of Ira P. Rankin for" $350
due on a note.
The Republicans of the Thirty- fourth Assem
bly District have organized a club at Folsom
and Eleventh streets.
T. W. Thompklns took his little daughter
away from her mother in Alameda and has be
gun suit for a divorce.
Joseph S. Kearney has brought suit against
the Grangeville Vineyard Company for $7000
due on promissory notes.
The will of Property Clerk William Cullen
was filed for probate yesterday. He cut off all
his children but one with £1.
For the fiscal year ending June 30 nearly
half a billion letters and papers were handled
by the postal clerks of this division.
Dick Williams surrendered himself to the
United States Marshal yesterday and was im
mediately released on $4000 bonds.
A boy was knocked down by car 409 of the
Powell-street line yesterday afternoon, but
sustained only a few severe bruises.
A Coroner's jury in the case of John Fipoae
6tro:::ily censured the Market-street Railway
Company for not using proper fenders.
The Bank Commissioners yesterday granted
a license for the opening of a bank in Camp
bells, Santa Clara County, on August 1.
Manager Allison Bonnell and his brother
James, cashier of Redington & Co., have been
dismissed. A startling shortage was found in
the books, but the firm lost nothing.
Miss Mercedes Tisnado took a dose of car
bo.ic acid last ninht because her sweetheart
jilted her. Sue will recover.
The suit of Bessie Lang against Charles Lang
for alimony, pending the trial of a divorce
Euit, was called in Judge Hebbard's court yes
terday.
The committee for the bicycle parade and
jollification of July 25 are making elaborate
preparations for decorating and illuminating
the streets.
The fighting cocks that remained unkillea
in Mariu County's big main last Sunday are
being held for the rental of the bam in which
the pi: was buiJt.
-.ion ha.s returned to his old position as
wharfinger ay Mission-street wharf and H. 6.
fccou has assumed the position of assistant
chief whartinger.
Mrs. Lillian Cooper and her two small chil
dren have been referred to the Catholic La
dies' Aid Society for relief from peculiarly
pressing necessities.
The Garden City Cyclers will give a roof
garden party on Friday evening, July 24, 1896.
Temperance refreshments, entertainment and
a good time will be hud.
Professor Loomis of the Academy of Sciences
expedition has returned from a visit to the
Farallon Islands, where he made some impor
tant scientific discoveries.
Mayor Sutro bolted the meeting of the Elec
tion Coinmissionors yesterday because the
other members did not see things his way in
the selection of election officers.
Judge Hebbard yesterday restrained the
parties to tbe suit of Sime against Gardiner
Ashton from further action until the return of
Judge Troutt from his vacation.
A complaint was filed yesterday with Harbor
Commissiont-r Fitzgerald stating that he is
working his men ten hours daily in reclaiming
the marsh lands at the Presidio.
The preliminary hearing of the case of
Private Janus Keliy for the murder of James
Qtiinn at Fort Mr.son has been continued a
week at ttie request of tbe defense.
A complaint was mado last night to the San
Francisco Labor Council by the Musicians'
Union that the letter-carriers were injuring
the business by playing for nothing.
S. Lazar was arrested in Madera for obtain
ing goods by fal>e pretenses, but a Madera
Judge prevented the San Francisco police from
bringing the man back as a prisoner.
George Gillespie, secretnry of tne People's
party county committei-, gives the Democratic
party a scoring, and denies the advisability of
any fusion wiln that desperate faction.
The Hoard of .Equalization yesterday cut the
:nents on outside lands south of the
park a clenr 30 per ceDt all round. The
board will finish its business on Monday.
The Goto remedy has begun to show its effi
cacy on the lepers in the Pesthou&e, ana they
are now filled with new hope and happiness
over prospects of relief if not a positive cure.
Lansing Fuller, a 16-year-old lad, made an
unsuccessful attempt to commit suicide yester
day afternoon. He was angry with a sister be
cause she refused to work for him when he
had a headache.
The Health end Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to
recommend that tne Olympic and Occidental
clubs be granted two permits each for boxing
entertainments.
Harry Miller, a water-front saloon-keeper
found three men stealing his sktff and gave
chase in a Whitehall boat. One of thieves
stopped him with a shot. The bullet went
through Miller's bat.
The Turn Verein Vorwaerts will give a gym
nastic exhibition and ball at its hall, at 310
O'Farrell street, on Sunday night, July 19 for
the benefit ol its prize class, which will attend
the Turner festival at Santa Cruz.
Associate Justice Field of the United States
Supreme Court has grown worse during his
stay at Paso Robles and left last night on a
Bpecial train for this City in order to be near
the best possible medical assistance.
It is virtually decided to tear down the old
Webster Primary School and at the opening of
the term, next month, to transfer Miss Man
ning, the principal, and her staff of teachers
to the Jefferson Primary and other adjacent
schools. .
Work on San Francisco's new Postofflce
building will begin November 1. The Govern
ment Inspector is now here examining the
ground to determine what stone should be used
in the beautiful five-story tower-sur
mounted structure.
The $1500 profit realized from the celebra
tion of the Fall of the Bastile is to be divided
among the police fund for widows' and
orphan*', the French Ladle*' Benevolent So-
Kn i y the i!r <ligeru lun <*°f the French Hospital
and the Alliance Francaise.
The Supreme Court in reaffirming the de
*nrt°V California Powder Work* vs. Atlantic
and ; Pacl nc Railroad has decided that a oar
in/ cannot be held liable for damages result
wi *n m the 'Edition <> powder in transit
tract accldents by fire are exempted by cor.
itl£s?. rro . w ternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. C. C.
Hemott of Minneapolis, Minn., will address
v,,,ii/i OUllg men>s meeting at the association
DULUUng Mason and Ellis streets. Mr. Her-
SS.iJli*^ l *'? wlil b* ' li>ower to Let." Service
wiliEing y for ..y° un men. D. M. Lawrence
Yf 1 11 SI HJJ .
Adol .r )n Brunning, a drummer for A. Rep
sold, liquor-dealer at 517 California street
was arrested yesterday in Oakland by Officer
Gillen and brought to.this City on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. He is accused of
selling goods and refusing or neglecting to
make returns on the same.
When Half the Ballast Had Been Taken Out of the British Ship Blairrnore and Part of the Water Pumped Out, She Came Almost on an Even Keel. The Tug
Rescue Was Sent for and Towed the Vessel to the Rolling Mills. She Will Probably Go in the Dryd>ck on Monday.
THE BLAIRMORE
RAISED AT LAST.
She Is Now Alongside the
Wharf at the Roll
ing-Mills.
NOT SERIOUSLY HURT.
After Her Hold Has Been Cleaned
Out She Will Dock for
Repairs.
H. MILLER'S NARROW ESCAPE.
Fired on by Wharf-Rats Who Had
Stolen His Boat From Clay-
Street Wharf.
The Blairmore has at last been raised
and is once more in safety, that is, all that
is left of her. Yesterday she was almost on
an even keel, and when the iron weights
had been taken from her bilge, the tug
Rescue took hold of her and docked her
alongside the rolline-mills. There is still
considerable water in her, but that can all
be pumped out in an hour. The remain
ing ballast will be taken ont on Monday,
and then the Blairmore will go on the
Union Iron Works' ways.
The Blairmore is a remarkably well
built ship, and in consequence, she shows
very few signs of the rough times she has
been through. Her yards and topmasts
were cut away in order to free her from
the mud, and the stump of the foremast
carried away during one of the attempts at
raising bur. On a similar occasion the
bowsprit was broken off, and the piece
now dangles in the air.
Captain Burns, who came out here to
represent the underwriters, and Captain
Whitelaw, the wrecker, are two of the
happiest men in San Francisco. Their
long weeks of night and day labor are
practically over and their efforts have been
crowned with success. Whitelaw himself
has done three men's work, and during
the time he has been on the job has lost
twenty pounds in weight. He will now
be able to talce a rest and recuperate.
Captain Burns has been the managing
genius of the whole aftair. He was the
director-general, and he took advantage of
every trifle. With aim there wa» no such
thing as failure, and though at times he
would be downhearted for a few minutes
and feei like swearing after the vessel had
slipped back into her bed, still the next
minute be would be at it again, devising
new schemes to get the vessel alongside
the drydock. He has at last succeeded.
"When we got the Blairmore into shal
low water I knew it was only a question of
a few days when we would have her on an
even keel,'* said Captain Burns yesterday.
"As we removed the ballast she gradually
righted herself, and when we pumped out
some of the water she came up as far as
we wanted her. When the tug took hold
there was no difficulty in towing her to
the rolling-mills, and now all we have to
do is pump out the water and hoist out
the ballast and she will float of her own
accord. There are probably two more
bodies in the hold, and onr first care will
be to recover them and give them Chris
tian burial. If all goes well we should
have the Blairmore on the drydock by
ilonday evening."
All hope for the American ship City of
Philadelphia, now out 167 days from New
York for San Francisco, seems to have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTJBDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
been abandoned. Yesterday 90 per cent
reinsurance was paid on her. She is sup
posed to be the vessel that was seen to
founder off Care Horn in a hurricane.
The ship Coiomba, which put into Rio de
Janeiro in distress, is worse damaged than
was at first supposed. Bhe will probably
have to discharge her entire cargo.
Henry Miller, a saloon-keeper on the
water front, had a narrow escape last
Thursday night. After leaving his place
of business he went over to the Clay-street
steps to see if his skiff wad all right. He
found three men in it, and one of them
was industriously at work with a cold
chisel cutting the chain that held the boat.
Miller gave the alarm, and some of the
harbor police speedily responded. The
latter went for a boat under the ferry
buildines, but Miller jumped into a white
hall and made for his skiff. With a final
stroke the man who was at work got the
chain cut through and the other two began
rowing. Miller gave chase and was'gain
ing on them, when the man who cut the
chain pulled a sun and fired at him. The
bullet went through the saloon man's hat
and he at once stopped rowing. The men
escaped with the boat The harbor police
are of the opinion that the robbers are
part of the gang that was recently re
leased from Ban Quentin.
Ed Short, the courteous and popular
wharfinger at Mission street, has gone
back to his old place. For some time past
he has been acting as assistant chief
wharfineer and gave universal satisfac
tion. Another man was slated for tbe
position, however, and Mr. Short had to
give way. The new assistant chief is H. 8.
Scott, who for some time past has been
wharfinger at section 2of the seawall. He
is thoroughly efficient, and should, with
such an able chief to work under, make a
model office out of the Clay-street institu
tion.
Onions are a glut on the Clay-street
wharf. The owners <io not know what to do
with them, and have asked permission to
dump them in the bay. Instead of wast
ing therr, Chief Wharfinger Root said he
would distribute them among the deserv
ing poor. Any deserving person who
wants onions can get them to-day by
applying at the chief wharfinger's office.
There are 100 sacks, and it will be the case
of first come first served. Why not send
some of these vegetables to the orphan
asylums?
The steamer Newsboy will start on an
excursion to the stranded Bteamer Colom
bia at 9 o'clock this morning. There it
sure to be a crush to-morrow, and those
who wish to enjoy a pleasant outing at a
small cost should go to-day.
Among those who have taken passage
for to-day's trip are Harbor Commission
ers Colnon, Chadbourne and Cole and
many other men prominent in shipping
circles. T. C. Wills of the J. 8. Kirn ball
Company will personally supervise the ex
cursion and that is a guarantee that it will
be well conducted.
The party will have four hours at the
scene of the wreck and the boat will get
back to her landing about 6p. m. Every
thing points to fine weather and a smooth
sea. and as the Newsboy is one of the best
vessels in her class on the coast tbe trip
should be an enjoyable one.
The Corona will run to the wreck of the
Colombia to-morrow. Only a limited
nurilber of tickets will be »old, so that
there may be no fear of crowding The
Corona is one of the finest steamers on the
coast, and Captain Hall is one of the most
experienced commanders running out of
this port. The steamer will leave Broad
way wharf at 9:30 a. it, and returning will
reach the City about 5:30 p. *. All the in
dications are for fine weather and a
smooth sea, so the trip should be an en
joyable one. Tickets can be had from the
Piper- Aden-Goodall Company, 24 Clay
street.
The steam schooner Cleoue, that was to
have sailed this afternoon for Crescent
City, will not be able to get away until
Wednesday next, owing to a breakdown
in her machinery. She is now repairing
at the seawall.
The race for the California Yacht Club
cup, which was to have taken place to
morrow, has been postponed indefinitely.
Many of tbe members will go on a cruise
to Pigeon Point instead to view the wreck
of the Colombia.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S. G. W.,
has secured the tchooner Rosie H for an
out me to-morrow. There will be a cruise
around the bay, a clam bake on Goat
Island and a good time generally.
The British ship Durham arrived here
in ballast from Hiogo, Japan, yesterday.
She is seeking a charter and will join t .c
unemployed fleet at Sausalito. Captain
Doty reports an uneventful passage of
forty-three days.
Officer Cajot of the harbor police
arrested J. J. Edmonds on the ferry
crossing yesterday lor fast driving. Ed
monds was driving a fractious horse, and
although the animal was noing at a slower
pace than a walk he could not be kept
from prancing. The officer ordered t c
driver to make the animal stop his antics
and Edmunds said he could not At that
Cajot seized the horse by the bridle and
placed Edmunds under arrest.
The United States steamer Alert got in
from San Diego yesterday flying the yel
low flag. It was only a precautionary
measure, however, and the vessel was
allowed to go to her anchorage in Mission
Bay. Dra. Blue and Chalmers boarded
her, but only remained alongside a few
minutes.
CLERK CULLEN'S WILL
He Left a Dollar to Kach of His Chil-
dren Excepting One
The will of William Cullen, the recently
deceased property clerk of the Police De
partment, waa yesterday filed for probate
by Public Administrator Freese.
Captain Cullen's will is short, bat very
much to the ]>oint. It reads:
I give to my children, John J. Cullen, Mary
Attorney W. H. Alford of Tulare, Who Is Slated for the New Democratic Leader.
Elizabeth Callen, Theresa Cullen and Annie
D. Cullen, each the sum of $1.
I Rive to my son, Paul A. Oullen, the rest and
residue of the property, real or personal, that
I may be owner of at the time of my decease.
I hereby appoint said Paul A. Cullen and
said Mary Elizabeth Culien to be executor
and executrix of this will, and to act as such
without bonds. William Cullen.
1 xcursittii to the Wrecked Colombia.
This morning the steamer Newsboy
ViH, at 9 o'clock, leave Mission- street
wharf No. 1, pier No. 2, on an excursion
to the wrecked Colomoia. She will take
many prominent officials. Another ex
cursion will leave to-niorrow at the same
hoar and place, returning at 6p. m. Tick
et? for either trip. $2. To be had of J. S.
Klmball & Co. v 22 Market street.
ANOTHER BOY
LEADER FOUND,
W. H. Alford of Tulare Is
Slated for the State
Chairmanship.
THE FIFTH DISTRICT.
The Local Democratic Row J)is
turbs the Ircquois Cl<>
Once More.
A HEW WAR OVER HARMONY.
Charles Wesley Reed Manages to Ar
range a Discussion -fa Fair
Party Primary.
Unless something unexpected breaks
out among the politicians interested in
tbe Democratic State Central Committee
that body will to-day partly organize by
the election or W. H. Alford of Tulare as
chairman.
Mr. Alford will be by far the youngest
man that ever led a party State campaign
in California, as he is but 30 years of age.
He was elected to the Assembly four years
ago, was defeated for Congress in the Sev
enth District two years ago and was chair
man of the committee on platform at the
last State Convention.
What the new State Central Committee
will do about the appointment of an ex
ecutive committee is not foreshadowed.
The committee will be called to order in
the afternoon at the California Hotel by
Frank Gould, the^late chairman, and some
sort of a committee programme will be
arranged for the new chairman to carry
out at his leisure.
The disaffection of gold Democrats is
worrying the party in the Fifth District,
in which a candidate will be nominated at
tbe convention at Redwood City next Mon
day.
Tbe only candidates for the nomination
are James H. Barry, Joseph P. Kelly and
Thomas J. Clunie, and the fight appears
to be now between Kelly and Barry, with
Kelly having a shade the beat of the pros
pects.
One element of doubt as to what tbe
convention will do arises from the fact
that an uncertain number of gold men
who are delegates will refuse to have any
thine to do with tbe nomination of a sil
ver man and will not attend the conven
tion.
Kelly's strength proceeds mainly from
the San Francisco delegation, which has
sixty-seven votes. Kelly is supported by
Daggett and by Ed Lanigan, and these
two bosses control a very laree bunch of
votes in the convention. At tbe time of
the State Convention Clunie had the
whole twenty-three Santa Clara votes by
reason of having a small majority of the
delegation which instituted the unit rule.
After the adjournment of tbe convention
until July 20 tbe unit rale went to pieces
and the probabilities of what the Santa
Clara delegation would do changed.
Kelly now claims a majority of the
Sana Clara delegation and so do Barry's
friends. It is not known whether or not
the six votes of the San Mateo delegation
will be controlled by the unit rule. Each
of the three candidates claims votes in
that deleeatior.
James H. Barry's chief backers are Max
Popper, Joseph Leggett, John H. Grady,
R. L. Mann, F. J. Sullivan and James D.
Pbelan. After a caucus last night in
Josepn Le.pett's office Barry's friends an
nounced that they felt that a majority for
him was safe.
Indorse Krausgriil.
A meeting of the North Beach Republican
Clnb was held last evening at its headquarters
620 Lombard street. A number of prominent
Republicans of the district were in attend
ance. The /ollowing resolutions were adopted
by a unanimous vote:
Resolved, That this club heartily indorse the
HEW TO-DAT.
Next to water, tea is the
cheapest beverage: 150
cups of fresh pure fine
Japan tea for 50 cents, and
200 cups of the rarest most
exquisite delicious and
dainty tea for $1.25 — Ideal
Blend.
It is better than water
for tired people. It exhil-
erates and then soothes —
is there a nation whose
nerves are stronger than
the Chinese or Japanese?
But then you know they
drink fresh and pure tea,
and they make it right.
Schillings Best is fresh
pure tea; making-direc-
tions in every package.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 882
»EV TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
Saturday and Stradar, July IS and 18,
ENTIRELY NX »V PROG AMMK.
The Sntro Scenic Kail way Haa Ifo Equal.
All Aboard: The first car starts It M.
Saturday, July 18.
GKMSKAL ADMISSION-
Adults, 10c Children, 6c ,
JTEW TO-DAT.
Blood Pure?
Is it? Then take Ayer's Sar-
saparilla and keep it so. Is n't
it? Then take Ayer's Sarsa-
parilla and make it so. One
fact is positively established
and that is that Ayer's Sarsa-
parilla will purify the blood
more perfectly, more economi-
cally and more speedily than
any other remedy in the mar-
ket. There are fifty years of
cures behind this statement ; a
record no other remedy can
show. You waste time and
money when you take anything
to purify the blood except
Ayer's Sarsaparilla.
naming of Mr. Philip Krausjrrill as r member
of the County Committee and. that we give
him our untiring assistance during the com
ing campaign ; and be it further
Resolved, That we ask tne different paper*
that published a resolution against him last
week to publish this resolution in justice to
this clnb and the Republicans of the Forty
fourth District.
THE SIME ESTATE.
Judge Hebbard Restrains All the Par-
ties From Further Action.
The case of Mary L. Sime against Ash
ton & Gardiner, real estate agents, for an
accountinccame up before Judge Hebbard,
acting in place of Judge Troutt, yesterday.
Judge Hebbard was not acquainted with
the case and so issued an omnibus restrain
ing order prohibiting any of the parties to
the suit frdta taking any action in the mat
ter until tne return of'juage Troutt from
bis vacation. Bonds in the sum of $500
were exacted from each of the parties.
HoiTT's School foi Boys, Burlingame. Bixth
year begins Aug. 4. Ira G. Hoiu, Ph.D., Master*
NEW TO-L AY— AMUSEMENTS.
miCDLAnDLR.(K)rrU)D «c^u>st3 Ano nAoutltt • • •
YOUR .--. ■ I TO-
I.AST DAY
CHANCE 1 LADLES.
___^^^ONLY MATINEE OF ,- J^
.'IT HE CHARITY _ B ALL"
BY THE SUPERB
HRAV\L^Y COiVU ANY
r^^^^^^J-^_r^>%J^^_^x^^_rx-r^l_o_r^_rxJn-o_rxJ^_Jn_o_rxr>>^>_»>_^
Last Performance Xo-Jlorrow livening,
Monday next — "The Two Escutcheons," and
••good-by" to Maxlne Elliott.
■ %» "TME/YTRE ipaop*.
MATINEE TO-DAY !
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT AND ALL NEXT
WEEK— The Big Spectacular Production,
OJ^RMEISr,"
As Presented by • '
Frederick Rose "-■ v 3 '
WABDE, COGH AN
AND I* R. STOCKWELL'S PLAYEK3.
-—Secure seats now for Next Week. — -
MONDAY, July 27— "MERCHANT of VENICE."
■ ■•■-".< -- ■..-.;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mb. Gustav HiXßlcHa.
•ro-2\n<3-:E3r.T.
LAST TIME—
 ■ Gounod's Tragic Opera '
ROMEO A.2MD JXJIjIEJT."
To-morrow Evening,
. . ' Verdi's Tragic Opera.
. "RIQOIjETTO."
NEXT WEEK —"'
BEATS NOW ON SALE.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
. "MIQNON."
Tuesday and Saturday,
"MARTHA."
Thursday Evening, ztiih. .Anniversary Gustav
;' Hinrlchs Directorship.
"I PAQIjIACOI"
And orchestral selections from "Hansel and Gretel"
Pooi'lT Pri "joe ,-in.l ape.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
W AiTEK MOKO3CO, Sola Lessee and &Uu**<u
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian,
— JUM: WALTKIiS
In His Great Conn dy- Drama,
"SIDE TRACKED!"
■ A Veritable Feast of Fun.
Evening Prices— 3sc and 50c. ,
Family ircl •• and Gallery, 10c.
Usual A*atinees Saturday and Sunday:
* O'FarreU Street, Ke'.<vepn Stockton and I'ows..
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). July 18.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c
• Children, 10c, any part. . :
A MOST SUCCESSFUL ENGAGEMENT!-—
MR. JOHN MASON and
- MARION JtIANOtA MASON,
Only one More Night of the
ROSSOW BUDGETS and *
. LILLIAN WESTERN.
Everybody's Favorites.
29 Great Vaudeville Stars 39
THE CHUTES,
CASINO!
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth t
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
. First Appearance of AL. HAZARD, the
Wor.d's Premier Ventriloquist,
And MISS VIOLA SHELDON, Soprano.
' Continued Success of ■
ARAGON, Queen of Wire Walkers, and the
MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Ride, 5 cents.
f SPECIAL! SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON at 4:30.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute
Drop by Professor Robert
' fiarlston.
A MILL VALLEY NIGHT.
Grand Illumination of the Historic Old
Mill and Mammoth Vaudeville Enter-
tainment in the Redwoods at Mill
Valley, Marin Count y, Cal.,:
SATURDAY EVENING, JULY 18, 1896.
Admission 90c, including round-trip ticket on
boats and trains. Children under 12, 50c. Talcs
theSausalito Kerry. 'Boat leaves San Francisco.
7 ;30 p. m. Returning leaves Mill Valley at 11 p.m.
GRAND EXCURSION
WRECK OF COLOMBIA AT
PIGEON POINT,
- 60 Miles Down the Coast, on the
Al S. S. CORONA (CAPTAIN HALL).
Will leave Broadway Wharf at 9:30 a. St. Mon-
day, July 19, arrive in city at 6:30 p. m. Fare,
round trip, 9-. Meals served on board. Tickets
for sale on board or by PIPER ADEN OOODALL
CO., 24 Clay St.
CAL. BASEBALL LEAGUE.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, - '
SAN FKANCISCOS vs. OAKLANDS.
■♦. - Game Saturday 3p. m., Sunday 2:30 p. m. '-• i
ADMISSION «5 CKNTS. LADIES FKEG
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS.
SUNDAY, JULY 19, AT 2:30 P. M. -
PACIJ.ICS T8 CAXIFOKNIAJ,
78
CLAUS SPRECKELS
TALKS OF SILVER
Thinks That Free Coinage
Would Wreck the
Country.
WOULD MEAN DISHONOR
He Does Not Believe There Is
Any Danger of It Being
Successful.
HOW TO CURE HARD TIMES.
Let People of Money Invest It in
Enterprises That Employ
Labor.
"There is plenty of money in the coun
try and in the world — what is really neces
sary is its employment," said Claus
Spreckels, looking up from a study of the
plan of his proposed beet-sugar factory
and refinery, in his private business office
yesterday morning.
"The average man is much more inter
ested in securing employment than he is
in any of the vagaries of the political
economists. I venture to say that a dis
cussion of the ways and means by which
the farmer may get rid of his mortgage
Will interest him more, than any other
snbiect one might suggest. And that is
the subject that the patriotic citizens of
California should keep to the front. Men
with money should employ it. That, to
my miud, is the solution of the whole
matter. The proper employment of
money means the employment of men.
"I have just returned from a visit to the
most prosperous country in Europe — if
not, indeed, at this time in the whole
world- It is a country that looks out for
its own. It is a high-tariff country. By a
system of bonuses to manufacturers it en
ables them to enter into competition with
the manufacturers of the world in the
markets of the world to such an extent
that no less an authority than the London
Times, the 'thunderer,' pave place to an
article while I was there warning England
that it would have to return to a tariff sys
tem if it wouid preserve its place among
tbe nations in a business sense.
"This country that I am speaking of is
Germany. Its prosperity in these times
that people call dull is simply marvelous.
It is building up in every quarter, and en
terprise marks every field of endeavor in
the empire. It should be so in this coun
try—this is my country, and I want to see
it forever in the lead.
"Now, speaking of the money question
that has suddenly become such a factor in
politics," continued Mr. Spreckels, "I
know whereof I speak when I say there is
plenty for the business of the world. It
can be had in abundance upon the offer
ing of good security. While I was in Lon
don a friend of mine borrowed $50,000 for
seven days, for which he had to pay at the
rate of one-eighth of 1 per cent perannum.
You can figure it up— it amounts to but a
few shillings for the use oi that big sum.
Money is lying in the vaults there only
waiting for the security that may bring it
into use.
"lean hardly make you understand how !
they feel in London and throughout Europe I
concerning this silver agitation in the
United States. It is a time of great sus
pense to them, for they look upon the
adoption of the free-silver idea as a literal j
repudiation of our debts. Business men
said to me: 'Surely, the United States —
the people of the United States — « big,
busy, brave, solvent Nation, wiil never do
such a thing?'
"I said to them: 'Do not be afraid;
tbev will never do it. 1
"I am as confident now as I was then
that they will not do it. This country
stands in the front rank of the nations of
the earth. Can it afford at this day to I
build another Chinese wall? No. We '
must trade win our neighbors — the other ■
nations — and to do so we must have
money acceptable to them. That is plain
business sense. Not only that, but it is a
demand of honor. We must sustain our
credit.
"Now as for this cry for silver and its
benefit to the working people — that is,
simply the talk either of the demagogue
or the unthinking. With free silver the
laborer receives cheap money for his work
and is compelled to pay high prices for
what he buys. I would scarcely be going
too far to give it as my belief that free
silver would mean revolution.
"But, as I have said, this is scarcely to
be feared. Tne people of this country
have too much good sense to commit any
such folly. What the working people do
need, however, Is employment; that is my
hobby. Given employment, the working
men of this country know that they are
the favored people oi the earth, that op
portunity lies on every hand and that they
can become whatever they set their minds
to."
Returning to the subject uppermost in
his mind. Mr. Spreckels said: "I am en
gaged in this new beet-sugar enterprise, |
not for the sake of making more money
certainly. I started out in life with the
simple ambition of providing for myself a
competence against old age. I have more
than done that. I enjoy good health and
must keep at work. I would consider that
I was doing myself and my fellow
citizens a wrong were I to content
myself with sitting down and cutting
coupons. I don't think any man of any
capital has a right to do that. By inau
gurating this beet-sugar industry, as I in
tend to do, I compete with myself. It
will greatly interfere with my interests in
Hawaii, and will virtually destroy my re
finery here. But what of that? lam con
vinced mat beet sugar'ia the thing. Shall
I sit clown and wait for some one else to
enter in and take the lead? lam not used
to taking second place. No. But that is
because I find my greatest pleasure in
these plans that give employment to
others. I have traveled all over Europe
studying tins beet-sugar industry.
"I was treated handsomely and accorded
rpportur.itiea to study the methods that I
are accorded to few. I have not thrown j
those opportunities away. I have here
before me plans for an immense refinery
that shall combine all the latest
improvements in the manufacture.
Now, this to be sure, is the I
results of my experience and study of this j
business. Still lam nut disposed to make
a secret of it for my own profit. lam wil
ling and would be glad to advise with
other trades who may have money to in
vest for the develf pm^nt of California in
dustries. Let them form companies and I
will do all I can for them — give them
the full benefit of what I know. It is my
desire, and I ma/ say almost my only
desire in the matter, to see the greatest
possible prosperity como to the people of
California. 1 '
CHARGES UNFOUNDED.
'A Discharged Employe Kndeavora to
Bake Up an Old Scandal Concern
ing Superintendent Flint.
The sensational charges against Super
intendent Flint published in a mornine
paper on Thursday last, alleging immoral
conduct, appear to be simply a rehash of
tbe accusations of a year ago. Mr. Flint
was formally tried on these charges and
fully exonerated.
John Lewis, the man who now protests
against the superintendent of the railway
mail service, was discharged about six
weeks ago for drunkenness. The order
for bis dismissal came from Washington,
however.
After Lewis had been out some time he
I called at Mr. Flint's office and requested
hid assistance in securing a pass or reduced
rate ior Mrs. Lewis to her home in the
East. The superintendent brought his
influence to bear on the railroad people,
with the result that Mra. Lewis is now at
her home iv Ohio.
"I don't care to discuss the matter," said
Superintendent Flint yesterday, "because
Lewis is a party not to be relied on. I
have done him a good many favors since
he had the misfortune to lose his situation,
but of that Ido not care to speak. Any
body who know? me will understand that
a charge of drunkenness, gambling or
vulgar language is without foundation in
fact. Hence any charge from Lewis, who
is well known, of the character named
must fall of its own weight."
Advices from Washington received yes
! terday were to the effect that the charges
I brought by Lewis would be ignored on the
ground that he was discharged for cause
and consequently is not a credible person.
HALF A BILLION LETTERS
Twelve Months' Record of the
Eighth Division Railway
Mail Service.
An Almost Incredibe Amount of Mail
Matter Hscdled by Unc'e
Sam's Clerks.
During the fiscal year ended June 30,
over half a billion letters and papers were
handled by the railway postal clerks in
Superintendent Flint's "division. This does
not include any part of the local mail.
The eighth division embraces California,
Alaska, Arizona, Utah, Nevada, Oregon,
Washington and Idaho.
The estimate given above is oased on the
figures for April which have just been com
piled. They are as follows:
OF AMOUNT
MONTH OF
Papers.
— :
April,
L 580,200 817.400 and Albuquerque
0 ! 662,600 700,600 and
709,800 ,
!
0.0'J2.20I) 4,7»8,060 Md f
1,113.450 Los «un
713,700 1,007,440 Los San KraucUeo,
71S.7IIO 1.007,440 Kan
7U»,0WJ 6iK),'26O and 7,100,600 0,087,300
6,087,800 7,6116,760 All 19,009,200 19,385,880 Total*...!.
1(5,482.000 19,609,200 Total* i9.10U,860| I April,
incrKMe over April, 1896 5m5o| a,C'J7,869; ~
It will be seen that the increase over the
corresponding month of last year, letters
and papers combined, amounted to nearly
3,000,000 pieces. The estimate for the fis
cal year is based on the assumption that
there is a 20 per cent heavier mail in Octo
ber, November and December. Fora few
hundred clerks to handle half a billion
separate packages is no slight under
taking.
For the month of April, as will be seen
by reference to the table, nearly 39,000.000
letters and papers were handled, yet only
6146 errors were made. Twenty-eight
pounds and five sacks were missent and
ten misdirected. These figures are slijrntly
in advance of the figures of April, 1895, but
tbe advance may be accounted for by the
fact that nearly 3,000,000 more pieces were
handled.
URGING REGISTRATION.
The Republican County Commit
tee's Strong: Appeal to Party
Voters.
The Republican County Committee is
giving careful attention to the work of
registration and each day's registration is
completely copied and elaborately filed
that the work of canvassing the register
may be y done conveniently and expedi
tiou sly. ,3j"""88"|
The members of the committee and the
leading party workers generally are seeing
! that a full party registration is secured in
their districts. To stimulate the impor
tant work of registration the County Com
mittee has sent out the following circular:
To County Committccmai, Members of Repub
lican Committee*, Officer* and . Members of Jic
publican Clubs qnd publican* Generally of the
— Assembly District— Gentlemen: We desire
to call your attention to the very important
fact that but a few days remain for the reg
istration of voters. :
No one can vote unless his name Appears on
the great register. The law of 1895 changed
the time for closing registration, which is less
than thirty days irom to-day. We appeal to
you to take note of this early date, August 3
! in the City and County of Han Francisco. On
this date every one not registered loses his
I vote.
At the present time not much over 25 per
cent of the vote of this City is registered. We
are sorry to say that the heavy Republican dis
tricts are the most derelict. The most imme
diate and important duty of Republicans is not
only to register, but to see that every one of
their friends, neighbors and acquaintances are
also.
: We appeal to you to ns3 every means In your
power to awaken an interest in , the subject, so
| that the careless and indifferent may not un
\ intentionally lose their votes. We urge you,
, as a good Republican, having the interest ot
your party and your country at heart, to exert
yourself in, the ~~''"~'lTTjdS3RrflT\jEsMllC3&
.'Without registration we cannot have votes,
without earnest co-operation on the part of
f yourself and all loyal Republicans we cannot
| nave registration, and without votes we can
not win in November. •  .'.-. »' :
Again we urge ■ you. in - the :-' interest of the
party ana the country, not to pass this en
treaty by without consideration and without
i doing whatever lies In your power.- Very re-
I spectfully yours, -,»•.'-'. ~ ■
chables W.-Jlaswaring, Chairman.
John Jacksony Secretary. 5*
» ♦ — •
The case of; Key: Mr. Colburn. Stt Barry's
Star. •••■■; - ■-..■-. - .■ . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
GOOD-BY TO THE
OLD WEBSTER,
A Historic Primary School
Will Soon Be Tom
Down.
ITS DILAPIDATED STATE.
Teachers and Pupils to Ec Trans
ferred to Adjacent
Schools.
BREAKING UP A HAPPY FAMILY
Miss Manning, Principal, to Go to
the Jeffirson, Miss Murpby to
the Le Conte, £tc.
It is, perhaps, no exaggeration to say
that the biggest, best and most popular
primary school in San Francisco is the
"Webster Primary." It is located in the
The Three Historic Old Buildings of the Webster Primary School Which Are Soon to Be Torn Down.
rear of the Lincoln Grammar School on
Fifth street, south of Market. Miss Agnes
M. Manning is its principal. The school
j comprises three two-story frame buildings,
with eighteen classrooms and an average
attendance of 900 boys and girls. This
happy family of teachers and pupils is
about to be distributed among other less
popular aDd less crowded schools.
The buildings are old and dilapidated
ana it is the declared intention of a ma
j ritf of the School Directors to tear them
j down before the opening of the term next
month and to let tbe valuable ground upon
which they now stand lo the highest re
sponsible bidder or bidders.
The teachers will not sustain any loss of
salary.
It is expected that the Grand Jury now
in session will condemn the "Webster"
upon sanitary grounds, and the school
sages also hold it to be wise business poi
icy to discontinue schools that are not
needed and to transfer the pupils to
neighboring schools, where they can be
equally well accommodated. Economy in
tne expenditure of the public school
money demands this line of action
wherever possible.
it is estimated that the yearly income
from the rents of the real estate now occu
pied by the Lincoln Grammar and the
Webster Primary would amount to over
$11,000. The property is, as will thus be
seen, very valuable for business pur{>oses:
but tbe closing of the Lincoln Grammar
School is not at present contemplated. It
is too fine a building to be torn down un
der the circumstances, and, besides, the
Board of Education, under the existing
law*, cannot make a lease for a longer
period than ten years.
In the opinion of the Directors this is a
handicap upon any probable profits, since
no business man would care to put up a
brick building unless he could secure a
lease for at least fifteen or twenty yean.
At the next session of the State Legisla
ture it is hoped that this difficulty may be
remedied.
Following is a list of the teachers now
employed in the Webster:
Miss Agnes M. Manning (principal), Miss M.
A. Roper, Miss C. E. Provost, Miss Alice E.
Lynch, Mrs. E. S. Hackett, Mrs. B. A. Shaw,
Miss Georgia C. Morse, Miss Ada Schendel,
Miss Tillie McCarty, Mrs. S. E. Hough, Miss
Sophie Kraus, Miss M. A. Smith, Miss Bessie
Moiloy, Misi Pauline Bendit, Miss Elizabeth
Hitchens, Miss Helen Wright, Miss Carrie
Haas, Miss E. A. Wickman.
Many of these ladies have been teaching
under Miss Manning for more than a quar
ter of a century and are strongly attached
to their school and their principal. Be
tween the teachers and pupils there are
also strong friendly ties and a separation
would be mutually painful. There are two
janitresses— Mrs. Smith and Mr 9. Corje
lett.
The central building of the group consti
tuting the "Webster Primary," was origi
nally a State Normal School, fronting on
Market street. Miss Kate Sullivan was
principal of tbe original Lincoln Pri
mary, which was subsequently removed
out we>t.
Tne site of the old Market-street Pri-'
mary (now the Webster) was between the
Lincoln Primary and the old St. Ignatius
Church, the site of whicii is now occupied
by the Emporium building. The name
was changed from the Market-street Pri
mary to the Lincoln Primary, and again
to the Webster Primary. Some ten years
ago the school comprised twenty-three
classes and five classrooms had" to be
rented for the accommodation of its teach
ers and pupils in the old St. Ignatius Col
leee building on Market street. The Web
ster has always been a popular and suc
cessful school and its disruption will be
attended by many sentimental regrets.
The contemplated change ia favored by
President Scott and Charles A. Murdoch,
chairman of the Classification Committee,
and will in all probability be approved by
a majority of the Hoard of Education.
Miss Margery C. Robertson, principal of
the Lincoln Primary, who is now in South
Africa, has tendered her resignation.
It is the intention to transfer Miss
Mary M. Murphy, the principal ot the
Jefferson Primary, to the Le Conte, and
then to send Miss Manning to the Jeffer
son. This school ia situated on Tehama,
between First and Second streets. It
is a brick building containing sixteen class
rooms, eight of which are now vacant,
and a commodious assembly hall. The
building and yards are in comparatively
good condition and it is thought that Miss
Manning, with her strong personal fol
lowing, can soon build it up into a
big and flourishing school. Eight of Miss
j Manning^ teachers can go with her to the
Jefferson and the remainine nine will be
j given places in the Whittier, Cleveland
and Harrison primaries, in all of which
there are vacant classrooms.
Miss Manning, who is a member of the
Century Club and the Pacific Coast
Woman's Press Association, began to
teach in Chicago. In January, 1865, she
came to San Francisco and was chosen
principal of the Fairmount Primary. She
has presided successfully over her present
school since January, 18ti9.
FOUND A NEW PETREL.
Return or the Acadomv of Scieneei Ex
pedition to the Farallones*
Leverett M. Loomis, curator of the de
partment of ornithology of the Academy
of Sciences, returned yesterday from a
ten days' expedition to the Farallon
Islands, and announces that he has dis
covered a new petrel and also a new
lizard. Both of these are of the greatest
importance to science, particularly as
they were discovered where they were, as
it has long been supposed that there was
nothing new to be found there.
When Mr. Loomis went to the Farallones
it was for the purpose of continuing his
work in the study of bird migration. In
this he was prevented by the dente fogs
that prevailed most of the time and so
turned his attention to other matters. H«»
was assisted id hia work by Arthur Bolton
of Berkeley.
It has long been known that the ashy
petrel nested on the islands, but all the
birds heretofore tafcen have been of a uni
form color. The one that Mr. Loomis
found is almost exactly like the others,
except tnat it has a band of white across
the base of the tail. This ia not much in
itself, but it is enough to indicate a new
genus.
The lizards which Mr. Loomis found
are the only onos ever known to have been
taken on the islands along the California
coast. In appearance they are much like
the small batrachians so plentiful in tbe
fresh-water pools in Mill Valley. But the
ones found on the Farallones were taken
a long distance from fresh waterand under
conditions foreign to the species.
The egg-gatherers were just about at
the end or their labors, and report the
poorest season ever known. The entire
harvest was only 8000 dozen, whereas four
years ago it was 20,000 dozen.
LIFE IN THE IROQUOIS.
Charles Wesley Reed Talks of the
Factional Strife.
The factional right in the local Democ
j racy broke loose for just a few minntes in
! t lie Iroquois Club last night, and it prom
( ises to break forth in a storm at the meet
ing next Friday evening.
J. Richard Freud delivered an able ad
dress on the new charter for which he was
applauded and thanked, and then Charles
Wesley Reed threw a firebrand into the
meetinp.
Reed has for some time been advocating
the unification of the party by means of a
primary held under the Porter primary
law, at which time t:.ere should be elected
by the party voters a new party organiza
tion to supplant the two present rival ones.
He gets no encouragement from the poli
ticians.
He has also been trying for some weeks
to get the Iroquois Club to take it up. This
was not easy, as the Iroquois Club is just
now a Junta organization. At the annual
election last spring the fiuckleyites were
beaten, the offices and committees were
secured by the Popper-McNab element,
and since then most of the old stand-bys
of the club who belonged to the defeated
faction have key.t away.
A month ago ilesd, as a member of the
literary committee, signed with another
member a report recommendine that the
topic for one future evening be, "How to
conduct a fair primary in this City, and
incidentally to harmonize tbe factions in
the Democratic party." He found last
night that after ibe report was filed it had
been withdrawn by some discreet influ
ences, and so he offered it again.
Then fun began. E. P. E. Troy made a
| r »J?inR protest against allowing any such
discussion in thai club.
"There are no factions in the Demo
j crane party,' paid Troy vehemently.
That scoundrel Buckley is not a faction
and such a discussion recognizes him as
one. huckley has tried to thrust his
business men forward in this club two or
three times and now he is doing it again."
John A. Wall, one of the few Buckley
ltes presen*, made a telling speech, for
which he was cheered, amid laughter and
hubbub, sticking up for Reed's pro
gramme.
•This discussion will bring the boys up
and give us something to talk about," he
declured. "It's not tbe same old lacka
daisical bum business we have been com
ing here for. Uniting the party is the
burning is^ue of the day, and we might as
well nieet it. The question is simply,
W hen are we coming together?
"There are some people who go around
yelling 'Buckley!' and 'Rainey!' I tell
you that is wrong. What has brought
back to these men the power these people
say they are afraid of? Isn't it because a
lot of tin-horn reformers have been yelling
'Buckley! 1 every time they turned a
corner?"
George H. Cabiniss and others tried to
amend the report in all sorts of ways,
amid clamors about points of order.
t "'The committee thought," said Reed,
"that it was presenting a Jive question
and one that was of peculiar importance
j to this club. There are men in both of
these factions who are bound to gain
power by fair means or foul, but the only
j way that any man should be allowed to
, gain power is at a fair and open primary
! at which every vote is honestly counted.''
It was finally decided to lop off the sub
ject "and incidentally to harmonize the
factions in the Democratic party," and
with that it was ordered to be the subject
for next Friday nigjht. It is understood
that the amendment will not very much
curtail the discussion. The evening prom
ises to be entcrtajning;
RED TAPE AID
AND ITS FAILURE.
Sad Instance of Desertion
and Unaided Desti
tution.
A YOUNG WIFE'S WOE.
Left hy Her Husband Without
Means and With Two Small
Children.
TARDY MODES OF RELIEF.
Frank Kane Reads the Local Benevo
lent Societies a Brief Practical
Lecture.
In garments old and foul, because she
has no others, her mind on the verge of
distraction and hex heart torn with all
the sorrows an outraged wife and mother
alone can know, a young woman who was
once beautiful and happy sits with her
little children, destitute, among strangers
j in a strange city.
On the 27th of Juno Mrs. Lillian Cooper
I was evicted from her bumble lodgings at
570 Minna street for non-payment o! a
fortnight's rent. She and her children,
aged respectively 2 and 5 years, were
i thrust out with literally nothing in the
j world but what they had on their bodies
!in the shape of clothing. Mrs. Coopers
! trunks were kept by the landlady, a Mrs.
Dee, as security for the payment of the
rent— a matter of four or five dollars.
In her extremity Mrs. Cooper secured
temporary lodgings at 1035 Market street,
and sought to re.am possession of her
effects. Through the efforts of sympa
thizing friends, almost as poor as herself,
she obtained a search warrant from Judge
Campbell, in virtue of which her few boxes
were taken from the custody of Mrs. Dee
and given in charge to the property clerk
at the Nqw City Hall. When she en
deavored to get out some clean under
clothing for her children, she was (old that
nothing could be removed from the boxes
until Mrs. Dee's claim for rent was paid.
Then the poor woman started to tramp
the City, see nine; for some one who would
give her the miserable four or five dollars
which she needed in order to give her
children a change of underclothing. Her
shoes were old and thin, and at leneth
gave out altogether, leaving her feat
scantily protected by a pair of tattered
stockings. One benevolent society gave
her $1 50, telling her that was all they
could do for her.
Goaded to frenzy at the contemplation
of her children's misery, the poor woman,
shoeless and disheveled, made her way to
the headquarters of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice and told her sad story
to Secretary Frank Kane.
"What are these benevolent societies
doing?" exclaimed Mr. Kane, when he
bad sent the woman to an aid society with
a recommendation for immediate relief.
"Here was a case which could brook no
delay. Six weeks ago Mrs. Cooper's hus
band left her, telling her he was tired of
her and had no further use for her. About
a month previously he had brought her
and the children from Seattle, where he is
said to have some property, and when she
found herself deserted she felt that she
was alone indeed. Her necessity was of
the most urganc kind, but she seems to
have received but scanty aid. How she
and her little ones have been existing God
alone knows. Now, I trust, she will be
looked after and given a chance to work,
which is all she asks.
"There is something radically wrong in
a system of benevolence which is so done
up in red tape as to render it impossible to
afford immediate relief in cases where it is
of vital necessity. I do not criticise any
organization, nor do I wish for a moment
to be quoted as doing so, since all are
working for good objects and in a fairly
efficient way.
"But there is a screw loose somewhere.
If the rules of a society will not permit it
to feed a starving child without the tilling
of blanks and without referring the case
to a board of directors before taking action,
that society is a failure. There ought to
be a way of providing instant temporary
relief in urgent cases, after which the di
rectors might resolute and investigate and
pile up blanks to their hearts' content."
Met the Valley Road Rate.
The Southern Pacific Company yesterday
met the rate of $1 65 per ton for lime from
Stockton to Merced put in by the Valley road
on Thursday. The old rate was $3 10.
Look Oat for I*.
The fortieth anniversary number of the
News Letter ! Chock full of meat for men,
not milk for puling babes. Appears on
Saturday. Price 10 cents.
Dr. Lazarus, who bM lived tbe life of a
hermit on the top o! Band Mountain, Ala
bama, number of years, has just died.
Twenty years ago ho was a successful phy
sician, but he adopted socialistic ideas and
determined to become a recluse.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
The Presidency— Constant Reader, City.
No man, who is otherwise eligible for the office
of President of the United States, is proscribed
on account of his religion.
ThatTraining-School— F. W. C, City. Until
the training-school on Goat Island is estab
lished, or about to be established, it will not be
possible to give any iniormat'on about qualifi
cations of applicants or manner of making ap
plications for admission.
Hotel Eikjustte— a. C. X., City. According
to the rules of etiquette a gentleman in a hotel
who happens to be seated at the same table
with ladies who are strangers to him has not
the right to address and enter Into a con
versation with them without an introduction.
Samuel J. Tildes— P. J., City. It was in
1876 that Samuel J. Tilden was a candidate
for the office of President of the United States.
The other candidates were: Rutherford B.
Hayes, Republican; Peter Cooper, Greenback;
Green Clay Smith, Prohibition, and James B.
Walker, American.
Sixteen to One— Subscriber, City. In An
swers to Correspondents in the issue of The
Call of the 29th of June there is published an
answer to the question, "What is meant by the
ltf to 1 silver proposition?" and other answers
to questions affecting silver. It Is at this time
very interesting reading.
Children on Bicycles— H. Me, City. There
is an ordinance of this City which says: "No
person riding or driving a bicycle, bicycle
tandem or other vehicle or machine of a like
character shall carry on the same upon or
along the streets, highways or public grounds
of thin City and County any child under ten
(10) years of age. 1 '
Opera— "Romeo and Juliet," City. The
Emma Abbott Opera Company appeared in
this City the last time in December, 1890,
opening on tha Bth of that month at the Bald
win for a two weeks' engagement. The follow
ing were the operas presented during that en
gagement: "Erniinf," "Bohemian Girl,"
"Chimes of Normandy," "Rose ot Cast le,"
"11 Trovatore," "Masked Ball," "Martha,"
"Fra Diavolo," "Anne Boleyn," "Xorma" aud
"Romeo and Juliet."
A Lawter'B Charges— Old Subscriber, City.
This department cheerfully gives information
to correspondents, but the following cannot
be answered: "Please give an estimate of
what a New York lawyer would charge for
searching a title." What he would charge
would depend very much on the time it would
take to make the search and the amount of
labor involved. Your second question is too
indefinite to admit of an answer. You do not
state where the parties you refer to live, nor
where tbe property is situated or anything
that would enable one to discover whether
California, New York or any other State law
would apply. Then again your communica
tion is not entitled to any consideration for
the reason that it is not signed nor is your
residence given. Had you complied with the
rule, the party whose duty it is to answer ques
tions could have communicated with you for
the purpose of ascertaining what you really
do want to know.
The Law as to Voting — A Subscriber, City.
The law on the subject of an elector's right to
cast a ballot and right of registration if he
move* from one county to another is as fol
lows:
Every male cltiz°n of the United States, every
male person who shall hive acquired t he right of
citizenship under or by virtue of the treaty of
Queretaro, ana every male naturalized citizen
thereof who shall have become such ninety days
prior to any election of the a;,e oi 21 years, who
shall have been a resident of tbe State one year
next preceding tbe ejection, and of the eoanty ia
which be claims his vote ninety days, and in the
election precinct thirty days, and whose name
shall be enrolled on the great register of suoh
county fifteen days prior to an election, ahall be
a qualified elector at any and all elections held
within tbe conuty, city and county, city, town
or district within which such elector resides.
No person's name must be entered by the
County Clerk on the fir at register unless upon a
certificate of registration in another county, show
ing that such registration r»s been canceled, and
upon proof by the affidavit of the party that he is
an elector of tbe county in which be seeks to be
registered.
There are other sections of the law that gov
ern the registration of an elector, but the sec
tions quoted cover the point that you mention
in your communication about tiie removal
from one county to another.
Tapioca— W. H., Oakland, Cal. Tapioca is
the iarinaceous, starchy substance in the form
of coarse grains, obtained Irom the cassava of
the manioc plant, a native of tropical America
and much cultivated there. It is also exten
sively cultivated in Africa. The plant grows
in bushy form, with stems usually from six to
eight feet in height, some times much more.
The sterna are white, brittle, and have a very
large pith; the branches are crooked. Tne
leaves are near the extremity of the branches,
large, deeply seven-parted. The roots are very
large, tarnip-like, sometimes weighing thirty
pounds, from three to eight growing in a clus
ter, usually twelve to twenty-four inches long.
In common with other parts of the plant, they
contaiu an acrid milky juice, so poisonous as
to cause death in a few minutes; but
as this is owing to the presence of
hydrocyanic acid, which Is quickly dissipated
by heat, the juice, inspissated by boiling,
forms the sauce called" casareep, and fer
mented with molasses it yields an intoxicating
beverage called ouycou; while the root,
grated, dried oa hot metal plates and roughly
powdered, becomes an article of food very
large iy used in South America, and there very
generally known as farina. It is made into
thin cakes, yrhich are formed, however, not by
mixing with water, but by the action of heat
softening find agglutinating the particles of
starch. The true starch of manioc, separated
in the ordinary manner from the fiber, is ex
ported in considerable quantities under the
name of Brazilian arrowroot, and from it
tapioca is made by heating it on hot plates and
stirring with an iron rod; the starch grains
burst, some of the starch is converted into
dexterine and the whole agglomerates into
small, irregular masses.
Ancient and Honobablx— Subscriber, City.
The Ancient and HonoraDle Artillery Com
pany of Boston, Mass., is the oldest military
organization in tbe country. It was chartered
in March, 1638, as '-The Military Company of
Boston." and Rob'-rt Keayne, one of tbe chief
promoters of the organization, was its first
captain. It was not till 1657 that it became
an artillery company, when It was recognized
as such by the General Court. The title "An
cient and Honorable" was assumed In 1700,
first occurring in its records in September of
that year— the "Ancient" from its considered
to-be great age, and the "Honorable" from the
fact that its captains and some of its earlier
members had belonged to the Honorable Ar
tillery of London, England. The company
■was dispersed by the Revolution, and revived
in 1789, when its name and privileges were
confirmed by the Legislature. The anni
versary of its organization, the first Monday in
June, is still celebrated by an annual parade;
a sermon is pre&chcd to the company; a good
dinner is eaten in Faneuil Hall and speeches
listened to; and thereafter all march to the
Common, whtre the Governor of the Com
monwealth delivers to the newly elected offi
cers their commissions and the insignia o>f
their offices (for one year only). In the early
days of the colony this company was the chief
school in which the military art was learned,
and names of many of its members may be
found among those who took part in the early
wars in which the colony was involved. Then,
says Dr. Colemnn, in a sermon preached to the
company in 1738. "the native trembled when |
they saw them train, and old as well as young
stood still and reverenced them as they passed
a'.ong in martial order." After 240 years the
company is only the shadow of a great name.
Its anniversary is still celebrated, however,
and its parade is still looked on by
the natives with interest if not
with reverence; for in its ranks are several
whose names were known in the great Civil
War. Indeed, men who earned the rank of
major-general of volunteers have been seen
marching as privates in the line. F»r many
years the company was largely made up of
officers of other military organizations who
were privileged to wear the uniform of their
respective corps, and thus the ranks presented
a rather motley show when "they trained."
Now, however, the most ot the members wear
a modern uniform, and the color guard a
Continental uniform; and they march in a
soldierly fashion, though the local wits like to
ehatt' in a good-humored way at their drill.
The members still retain tneir ancient privi
lege of exemption irom iury duty, a fiature
which Is a strong influence of some joining its
ranks. "Artillery election day," in June, and
the "tan field day" are the great occasions
with the company during the year, though it
has other occasional parades and holidays.
The "election sermon referred to above
has been preached before the company annu
ally since 1639, with the exception of five
years, during the Andros government. The
headquarters of the company are in Faneuil
Hall building, and its armory is quite amu
scum. In December, 1881, ••forefathers' day,"
the "century box" was sealed, notto be opened
for fifty years, while a smaller box withiu iC
Is to remain unopened for 100 years. The box
contains a long and valuable list of aocu
ments, newspapers, badges, photographs and
m £ m . orlals - TieT ' ie »»au*«ript amount* to nearly
1000 pages.
JUDGE FIELD IS
JOURNEYING HOME
The Distinguished Jurist
Brought Here From
Paso Robles.
FEARING THE WORST.
His Sojourn in the South Has
Proved as Beneficial
as Expected.
NO SOLICITUDE WILL BE SPAEED
Will Arrive Here oa a Special Train
This Morning for Medical
Treatment.
Stephen J. Field, Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States,
has not derived all the benefit that was
expected to result from a stay at Paso Ko
bles. In fact his condition has Decorne
worse. So serious did it appear yesterday
that it was decided to remove him to this
City, where he will be able to secure the
medical assistance of the best physicians.
According to reports received here yes
terday there has been no sudden change
in the aged jurist's condition, but he has
simply been steadily growing feebler.
It was hoped that complete mental and
physical rest would bring him round, but
there »iave been no signs of recuperation.
A special train was dispatched yester
day morning to bring the invalid to this
City. Rooms have been prepared for him
at the Palace Hotel. The journey was not
begun until last niaht. The plan was to
permit Justice Field to travel at night,
while he is asleep, thu3 avoiding the dis
comforts of the heat of the daytime, and
at the same time permitting the journey
to be made with the least fatigue.
Special instructions have been issued by
tbe railroad company to its employes and
agents to spare no pains to render the
transportation of the aged jurist as easy
as possible. Of course Mrs. Field will be
with the patient, but late bulletins from
Paso Robles state that the greatest alarm
was felt just prior to the departure of the
special, owing to the extreme weakness of
the veteran.
The vitality of Justice Field has always
been remarkable. Indeed, one old Cali
fornian friend of his remarked on hearing
the condition of his health, "Field won't
die until he gets ready." The power of
his iron will, or, at any rate, the reputa
tion of it, could hardly be more strongly
illustrated.
But by all accounts the iron will has
weakened or become benumbed by en
croaching pain. The weakness of the
great Californian ia continually insisted
upon in the dispatches from Paso Robles,
and it is evident that those in nearest
touch fear that the least untoward feature
of tbe trip might prove fatal in the Judge's
present debilitated condition.
The trip will be made in easy stages, and
should the special train arrive early this
morning, Justice Field will remain
aboard the sleeper until the hour is
most auspicious for his removal to the
hotel.
A Big Kstate.
Charles M. Cross was yesterday appointed
administrator of the estate of William Mo
Lean, whose property is valued at $20,000.
HARD LINES,
The Tribulation of an lowa
Mason.
About to Give Up in Despair When Re
lief Came From an Unexpected
Quarter.
From tbe Tribune, Sioux City, lowa.
It is remarkable what a proportion of the
human family is afflicted with rheumatism,
neuralgia and kindred diseases, but this is not
more remarkable than some of the cures vbicn.
have been effected in these cases by the use of
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. A
case in point is that of A. L. Loveless of Mar
cus, lowa, who in the summer of 1893 was
attacked with an unusually severe case of
sciatic rheumatism. Mr. Loveless was seen
recently by a Tribune reporter and when
questioned in regard to his case told his story
as follows:
"I am a plasterer and brickmason by trade,
and in the summer of 1893 was working on a
building then in course of construction at this
place. One day I had occasion to carry part of
a barrel of lime to the second story of the
building. It was pretty heavy, and in taking
it up ;tne stairs I wrenched my back very
se verely. I laid off from work for a few
days and was getting better, and would
probably have recovered shortly had I not
been caught one day in a heavy rain,
the outcome of which was a severe cold,
which developed into sciatic rheumatism.
I took to my bed, and for weeks I suffered the
most excruciating pain in my back and lower
limbs. The skill of physicians and the care of
friends seemed to bring me no relief, aud I
began to think that only death could end my
sufferings. I tried every remedy I could hear
of, and was about to give up in despair when
I heard of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo
People.
"Mr. Thomas Miller, then a resident of Mar
cus, but now of Adaville, lowa, called on me
one day and said he had used Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills in a similar case with the most re
markable and satisfactory results. I had al
most lost faith in everything but finally re
solved to try the Pink Pills as a last resoft. I
had not taken them long until I began to feel
better. I was soon able to be around; the
color began to return to my face and the flesh,
to my emaciated'limbs. I continued the treat*
ment and when I had taken five boxes of the
pills I was a well man.
"I want to say further that I haven't felt a
touch of rheumatism since. I believe I owe
life and health to-day to Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills, for I certainly could not have lived much,
longer in the condition I was when I began
taking them. I cannot say too much in praise
of this wonderful pill," said Mr. Loveless in
conclusion, "for I am convinced that there is
no case of rheumatism they will not cure. I
only wish it were in my power to tell every cne
who is afflicted as I was of this remarkable
remedy." To confirm his story beyond all
doubt. Mr. Loveless made the following affi
davit:
State of lowa. >
Cherokee County, i
A. E. Loveless being duly sworn, on his oath
saith that the foregoing statement is just and
true. a. L. Loveless
Subscribed and sworn to before me by A L.
Loveless, the 20th day of July, 1895. "
Notary public in and for Cterokee Count*
State of lowa. Jl
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain in a con
densed form all the elements necessary to give
new iite and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves. They are an unfailing spe
cific for such diseasos as locoraotor ataxia
partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, sciatica'
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervom eeadache*
the aiter effect of la grippe, palpitation of the
heart, pale and «*llow complexion*. »li lorma
oi weakness, either in male or lema^e Pink
Pills are sold by all dealers, or will be sent post
paid on receipt of price (50 cents a box or six
boxes for f2 sO— they are never sold tn bulk
or by the 100) by addressing Dr. William*'
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. VFIRST LOVE, THEN
CARBOLIC ACID,
Miss Mercedes Tisnado At
tempts to End Her
Life.
A MAN WAS THE CAUSE.
Sfc^Believed She Was to Have
Married A. de la
Torre Jr.
ANOTHER WOMAN IN THE CASE
In Despair She Wrote a Letter and
Swallowed a Dose of
Poison.
Mercedes Tisnado, a pretty little Span
ish girl 18 years of age, who resides with
her sister at 1304 Powell street, was has
tened away to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance last evening suffering from
a dose of carbolic acid, a bad case of being
hopelessly in love and a desire to die.
Dr. Bunnell, by the use of a stomach
pump, relieved her of the acid and the de
sire of an early death, and it is expected
that she will recover from the second :om
plaint.
As may be surmised there was a man in
the case and the young lady said his name
is A. de la Torre Jr., a Spanish interpreter
at the Occidental Hotel. He is also a
lieutenant in the Juarez guard. That she
was deeply in love with the gallant young
officer of the guard goes without saying,
although she took occasion in writing and
in speech to proclaim that that was what
was the matter with her.
Alter the unromantic but necessary
operation of being pumped out by a hos
pital surgeon had been completed, Miss
Tisnado consented to tell her tale of woe,
and how the one whom she loved the most
had left her.
According to her story, she met Mr. de
la Torre about nine months ago, and from
her story they were both smitten with
each other at the same time. To corrob
orate her statement the young lady dis
played the following letter, which she
said was written by Mr. de la Torre, al
though the writer's name was not affixed
to the epistle:
My Vearnt Little Angel: I write yon these few
linos in order to please you, as you requested
me to do so. At ihe same time I take the op
portunity of expressing my sincere and ardent
love for you. Believe me. dear, sweet child,
that since the very first moment I had the
pleasure of gazing upon you my admiration
was so great that I became deeply in love with
you.
Perhaps you may think I am a fool for writ
ing thue, but I could not refrain from ex
pressing my sentiments toward you. I admire
you for your beauiy and your childish ways;
you are so pretty, so sweet, so charming, so
fascinating, so dear, so graceful, so true. In
fact you are sweeter than molasses CHndy.
Now you have it. I have expressed myself in
plain styie. I hope you will do the same, and
I will anxiously await a reply.
One of your unknown admirers. X.
If Miss Tisnado had any doubt on the
subject the comparison to molasses candy
settled tier mind and she was satisfied that
he loved l;er truly. Matters progressed so
favorably that she understood that be
wanted her to marry him and she was
perfectly willing to become Mrs. de la
Torre Jr.
About the first of this month she be
came convinced that she was no longer
his dearest little angel, and that the price
of molasses candy had gone down in the
market. She feared that he was calling
another woman pretty, sweet, etc., and
the thought nearly broke her heart.
Last night she said she met M. de la
Torre Jr. on the street, and from him she
learned that all her dream of love was
over, so she went home and, after writing
the annexed letter to her sister, took a tea
spoonful of carbolic acid and laid down to
die:
My Darling Sister: A. de la Torre Jr. has
forced me to do all this. It is against my will.
He has broken my heart since ihe Fourth of
July. I ju.st as leave die now as live. I have
already told you I will die for him. He has de
cided me. I will not say anymore about my
dear sweetheart, only that he is the cause of
my dcaiti. Keep hit picture, my purse, my
M.k handkerchief and the bottle "of perfume".
Put mj- white waist on me.
My gold ring is down on Washington street.
Take it out and give it to Nita. Give my purse
to Manuel and my handkerchief to the little
fellow, Juan de Gloss. God bless all my family
and forgive my dear Torre and may he live
long ana enjoy life. Good-by. Your poor,
heartbroken, unfortunate iister,
Mercedes Tisnado.
I am going with baby. Don't worry, dear
sißter, as I am better off than all living on
earth. Don't worry. I die happy. Keep
everything. Give foraethtnt; for remembrance
of me to Mary, Sal and aunty, up in the
country. Tell them to forgive me.
Mercedes.
The sister discovered the unfortunate
young woman's plight and had her sent
to the Receiving Hospital, where the
physicians saved her life. She is not
likely to make the experiment again, but
will live just to spite de la Torre Jr., if
nothing more.
BONNELL WAS DISMISSED
There Was a Story of Discrep
ancy in Redington & Co.'s
Books.
The Firm Lost Nothing, but the Bon
nell Brothers, Manager and Cash
ier, Left the Store.
Following the withdrawal of Allison C.
Bor.nell from the position of manager of
J. D. Redington & Co., the wholesale
druggists, a rumor was current yesterday
that there was something wrong in the
firm's accounts. The amount, so far bs
oould be learned, was not less than |25,000.
Last Tuesday Mr. Bonnell was at his
desk, but at noon h*» left and did not re
turn, for his position wus then made va- |
cant. At the same time James E. Bonnell,
the cashier, and a brother of the manager,
was dismissed.
Allison Bonnell had been a trusted em
ploye of tr>e firm for more than fifteen
years, and it is said that so fully did he
enjoy the confidence and esteem of his
employers there was recently serious talk
of makinz him a partner in the concern.
James Bonnell declined to go into par
ticulars last night. lie declared that his
brother and himself had withdrawn from
the employ of Redington & Co. to
RO into business for themselves, which
they had intended to do almost imme
oiuu-ly. But he refused to speak about
the rumored discrepancy in the accounts.
"'lhis whole business is absurd,' he
added. "We parted from Redington &
C^o. in the most cordial manner pos
sible. We were tha best of friends on
leaving."
Mr Redington told quite another story.
"We lost no money through this
matter," he aaid. "We dismissed Mr.
Bonnell and bis brother because we found
the boys were not attending to business."
"But your relations were cordial?"
"Well, n is not likely that tbey would
be cordial when men are dismissed."
"Dia you find a shortage in the books?'*
"I must decline to say anything about
that. Only we did not lose anything."
RELIEVING THE NEEDY.
Report or a Week's Good Work of
the Associated Chari
ties.
At the meeting of the Associated Chari
ties held at its rooms, 601 Commercial
street, yesterday afternoon, the following
report was received from tbe Registrar for
the week ending July 17, 1896:
New cases, 37; recurrent cases, 9. Total 46.
Investigated for Cooper College, 13; San
Francisco Benevolent Society, 7 ; subscribers,
9; Fruit and Flower Mission, 4; foreign so
cieties. 3; British Benevolent Society, 2;
helpers, S. P. C. C, Bt. Luke's Woman's
Auxiliary and St Vincent de Paul, 1 each, 5 ;
personal requests-, 4. Total 46.
B. P. Flint presided at the meeting, and
Miss Fitch acted as secretary. Reports of
numerous cases of destitution were
made, to be looked after during the ensu
ing week.
YOSSEMITE'S WONDERS.
Fhe Reduced Bates Attracting Sight-
Seers to the Valley.
By last evening's train Excursion Man
ager Lo.ke started his first party to
Yosemite Valley under his recent ar
rangement, by which he has secured re
duced rates for those who join his select
parties.
The first party was composed entirely of
ladies, and was accompanied across the
bay by Mrs. Locke. The rate offered by
Mr. Locke includes transportation for the
round trip and all hotel accommodations
en route and during a five days' sojourn in
the valley, each party of five traveling by
private carriage. Ladies and gentlemen
who desire to avail themselves of the re
i duced rates should call at 333 O'Farrell
street any weekday from 3 to 9 p. K.
AN ACTRESS AUCTIONEER.
Miss Maxine Elliott Will Sell
Seats for the Carnival
Benefit
Prominent Mercantile Organizations
Promising Support for the
Festival.
Miss Maxine Elliott was waited upon
by Colonel John O 'Byrne, F. A. Haber,
General Backus and S. H. Friediander of
the executive committee of the Carnival of
the Golden Gate yesterday with a view of
securing her services to auction the boxes,
loges and seats for the benefit at the Mer
chants' Exchange Tueaday afternoon next.
Colonel O'Byrne requested the privilege
of being made spokesman, which was
gladly accorded him oy his companions.
When the colonel was presented to Miss
Elliott he bowed with Chesterfieldian
grace, cleared his throat, and proceeded to
compliment the lady in a manner which
almost took his- breath away.
Miss Elliott, however, was more than a
match for the gallant colonel and when she
learned his object sne very willingly con
sented to appear for once upon an auction
block.
Miss Elliott stated that she was only too
glad to do anything possible for San Fran
cisco, in view of the magnificent reception
accorded her by the people here, and said
that while she had no experience in dis
posing of articles at auction she would do
the best she could. She asked Colonel
O'Byrne if he would be her right-hand
bower during the sale. The colonel
blushed and said he would. With this as
surance Miss Elliott said she would do the
best she knew how.
"London Assurance" will be presented
on Wednesday afternoon instead of Thurs
day, as heretofore announced. The change
is made necessary by the departure of Miss
Elliott for Australia on Thursday after
noon. Positively her last appearance will
take place as Lady Gay Spanker in the
comedy that wi'l be presented.
A bogus carnival button is about to be
placed on tbe market, if assertions made
at headquarters yesterday by certain rep
resentatives of an Eastern firm are correct.
An attempt was made to sell an Eastern
made button to the committee, but as the
carnival was gotten up for the benefit of
California manufacturers and others, the
button was rejected.
These parties called at headquarters yes
terday and showed a button bearing a
picture somewhat akin to tlie copyrighted
design adopted by the executive committee
on Monday night. The bogus button con
tains the words. "Mardi Gras, San Fran
cisco, 1896," with the figure of a man riding
on a bear.
Their offer to supply these buttons was
refused and the representatives threatened
to prevent the carnival committee issuing
any, as they claim to have had their pic
ture copyrighted three months ago. The
date specified by them is long before the
carnival project was thought of in San
Francisco.
At a meeting of the California Hotel
Men's Association, held on Wednesday, a
resolution giving their hearty support to
tbe carnival project and agreeing to make
a large financial contribution was adopted.
Tbe hotel men are enthusiastic upon the
proposition and have to answer daily
many inquiiies from visitors from the in
terior.
A special invitation is being prepared to
send to the principal officials of tbe State,
queens and directors of carnivals in the
luterior, Governors of adjacent Btates, for
eign Consuls and others. The invitation
will be a work of art and will be long
treasured as a memento of the occasion.
It has been suggested that tbe lady who
may bo selectefl to represent California
may be chosen from the queens who have
presided over the festivities in the interior
towns. The popular method of balloting
may be adopted in order to afford candi
dates' friends all over ihe State an oppor
tunity to express their choice.
At a meeting of the California Hotel
Men's Association, held last Wednesday,
the following resolution was adopted :
Jiesolvrd, That the California Hotel Associa
tion extends its hearty thanks to the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company for the favors
granted in Hiding this association to properly
entertain the National Hotel Men's Mutual
Benefit Association while they were on our
coast labt April.
The Mary Buhne Libeled.
H. C. Groeper, Henry Smith, William H.
Smith and Mrs. Peter Drucker, owners of the
schooner Jennie Theliti, instituted suit in the
United States District Court yesterday against
the Mary Buhne for cimnages received in a
collision off Humboldt Bay in June, 1895. The
complaint alleges that the commander of the
Mary Buhne did not keep a proper lookout,
hence the accident. On Saturday last . suit
waf> filed in the District Court by the Hum
boldt Lumber Manuiacturing Association for
salvage against the Jennie Theiin, aileeed to
be due for Hervices rendered her bythelr tug.
This assistance was rendered necessary by the
collision between the Theiin .nd the Buhne.
Sutro Baths.
There will be an entire change of programme
at the Sutro Baths to-day and to-morrow after
noon and evening. There will b« contortion
acts, perpendicular ladder and acrobatic acts,
.nd also trapeze performing. The California
Swimming Club and Oakland Polo Club will
play ft match game of polo on Sunday after
noon. The drowning uct that creates such .
sensation .nd is performed by F,. B. Cornell,
champion amateur long distance swimmer of
California, will be the only feature that bus
been performed at the baths before.
He'll tan their aides. Sec Tbe Star. •
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
SERGEANT McKENNA
CONGRATULATED.
Reception at His Home in
Honor of His
Bride.
VETERAN OF THE FORCE
For Twenty-Four Years Execu
tive of the Police Com
missioners.
REUNION AND MERRYMAKING.
Old Comrades Assemble at His Resi
dence to Wish Him Years of
Happiness.
Sergeant T. D. McKenna, executive
officer of the Police Commissioners, and ;
his bride received the congratulations of
their friends last night at their residence
on Valencia street.
The rooms were handsomely decorated |
in honor of the event, and were crowded j
all night long with captains, lieutenants,
sergeants and corporals of the San Fran
cisco police.
Many a gray-haired veteran who had
seen year* of active service on the force
was tiit i . .j shake the hand of his hon
ored comrade and wish him joy and con
tentment in his recent matrimonial ven
ture.
The proverbial hospitality of Sergeant I
McKenna was happily illustrated last
night, and good things were served with a
lavish hand.
The following guests were present:
Mr. and Mrs. \V. C. Moran, Miss Ella Moran,
Mr. anil Mrs. John R. Lewis, Robert A. Bald
ridge, Mi-s Louisa Baldridge. E. S. Baldriuge,
Mr. and Mrs. John McHugh. Miss Ada Mc-
Huph, Miss Katie McHuph, Miss Alice Mo-
Hugh, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Donnelly, John 11. I
Bowes, Captain H. M. Robinson, Miss Mac '■■-
McClain, Miss Sarah Connors, Ldeutrn*jit
George W. Bennett, Mr. and Mrs. V. >.
Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. John Thomson,
Mr. and Mrs. Grlmbley. Frank Urimbley, i
Miss Ethel Bowes. Edward Bowes, H. G. Col- !
lett. W. F. Conloa, Mr*. James Naulty, Chrie- I
topher Naulty, James A. Naulty . Mr. and Mrs. I
Henry Gleason. John E. Gleason, Colonel and '
Mrs. William F. Fahey, the Misses Fahey, Mr.
and Mrs. Cassius M. Wright. Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Toeplce, Captain James F. Moran. Ser
geant John W. Moftitt, Mrs. Elizabeth Morri
son. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kentzel, Frank J. ;
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Max Biumenthal, Miv !
Blumeuthal, Ed Lewis Jr., Mrs. Edwin Lewis !
Br., Mr. and Mrs. William I>. Hendrickaon, '
Miss Anna Daly, Dennis Lyhens, Sergeant and i
Mrs. Meier Lindheimer, Detective and Mrs. A. I
Bainbridge, Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Keeney, Ber- j
peant Charles H. McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. I
Julius Hogermah, Mr. and Mrs. John '
Birmingham, Mr. and Mrs. John H. Drum- •
gold, Mr. and Mrs. H. Mau, Charles S. !
.Stout, James Doyle, Mr. aud Mrs. Ed
Murphy, Mr. aud Mrs. Ren Lahusen, ■
Mr. and Mrs. McNainara, P. H. Hirlihy, Mr.
Burke, Josephine Fahey, Agnes Fahey,' Zeta
Fancy. John E. Fahey, Mr. and Mrs. Camilla !
Kouiller, Ethel Davidson, Ina Davidson and
Georgian* Davidson.
Corpora 1 Henry Gleason, the sergeant's j
assistant in the office, acted as the master
of ceremonies. Formality under his
genial influence soon melted into a charm- !
ing reunion of old friends and a general
good time.
The Misses Agnes, Zeta and Josephine '
Fahey and John E. Fahey took a promi- j
nent part in entertaimng'with their vocal I
selections.
Miss Anna Daly and Miss Ethel Bowes
sang and Miss Bowes danced the Spanish [ -
dance.
The Horseshoe Club was really the back
bone of the merriment, in fact, only one
or two of the guests present were not
members of this social organization. Ser
geant Cassius Wright played a violin solo,
accompanied by his wife, and the song
"Ben Bolt" was effectively rendered by
Sergeant John \V. Moffitt of the office of
the Chief of Police.
Sergeant McKenna, who is in charge of '
the office of the Board of Police Commis
sioners, is a veteran of the force. He came
to this State in 1854, and for a number of
years devoted his time to mining. Subse- i
quently he was in the hay and grain bus;- |
ness on the ,old water front, ana in 1872 !
was appointed to his present office, which j
he has always retained with much honor, j
In fact he took charge of the office when
it was first created. lip was a widower for
nearly two years until !a«t June, when ho
was married to Miss Frances Forbes In
Sacramento by Judge Catlin. MissForbes
was widely known in Ran Francisco for the
great interest she took in charitable work.
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Musician* Dislike the Letter-Carriers'
Tactics.
At last night's Bession of the Ban Fran
cisco Labor Council the Sailors' Union
and the Tailors' Union reDorted business
dull. With the iron-molders it was re
ported that business was picking ud a
little.
It was camplained by the Musicians'
Union that the letter-carrier musicians
were injurionsly competing with the
union men by playing free of charge
seemingly for the sake of advertising
themselves. °
Relative to the use of linotype machines
the arbitration committee reported that it
was useless to resist the inventive prog
ress of the age.
It was also reported that the garment
workers were dominated by the bosses or
sweaters, and that the time was ripe' for
tbe organization of a journeymen butch
ers' union.
The Chutes and Casino.
The Casino at the Chutes has become an es
tablished place of amusement, and the per
formances every afternoon and evening are
well attended. Virginia Aragon, the wonder
ful wire-walker, has become an immediate
favorite, and her act is the most wonderful of
Its kind ever seen here.
The Mario-Dunham family continues to
thrill with marvelous aerial flights and mv«
Viola Sheldon, a new soprano with a sweet
voice ha* made a hit. Al Hazard a clever
ventriloquist, gives a very .imusiug entertain,
ment with im funny family of wooden folk
This afternoon at haif-past 4 as an ».irti
tlonal attraction,, ProfS«oi^Robert' Earltfon ■
the well-known aeronaut, will make a T balloon
ascension and parachute drop. Earlston is
one of the best in the business fusion is
> The scenic aailw.iy. which was immediately
Ur i r d if " the fire 'P rove » immenw^pop/
lar, and the cars cannot go fait enough to ac
commodate those who want to ride The
water chutes, of course, are kept as busy m
ever* •
Another Young Buffalo.
Another proud old buffalo cow stalked out of
the brush in the buffalo paddock iv the park
yesterday and beside her another addition to
the family walked unsteadily. There is now
ouite a herd of buffaloes, old aid young in
the city's playgrounds and all seemed much
interested In the new arrival. c
Tip Kee Returns.
Tip Kee and two young girls claiming to be
his sisters were landed from . the Doric yester
day. Kee is a native born and at present lives
whl'n^.Jlt^*. 1 ? 6 locally known In 1892,
e n- h n UUnC n P C ? t0 r £* lßter M» n American
Dr. O Donnell being the ! principal objector '
Keo won out, however, .nd is one of the few
Chinese voters now on the list.' "
NEW TO-DATrDRT, GOODS. : -> <
ic*lck****+**™****'Hr*ir*+***irk*ir*****^^ *********** »••»•»••»»••» **** ***********
. MBHBHRSSHhBkBBHhBI !-• ■■■■■-;- : - j
AT"THEMAZ£"rOOAY. I
/?/£6?&TfsrC@4/(i«'si//TSAt£orm r %
i age 7%r/%&%& Sn?/?£ sr<?cA-'^s/iw(SS \
. mi p/fp&rso#£o/' /#*/?&&&£&&? •-!
I tT//jis,A/VoM4o&HTAtroM>£&YOtfG£r^ \
I /fp//#yAjj/£.AO/eSA4f"'O/?f&&000S \
; :; ; aw foi/e/rrrt/* 1 ' c<ps/A&wr srocxs I
I ofTS£W£tr Yfi**' */ofi?£& .j^i^r^^^?^ rot/ J
'< jW£/fr£&toW'™' / *^#* /^' m V r \
\ &fjroje£7fr£&*f/)rSA{f*4M-/rSAA/PMM I
I ' fitg&CS/OMe&mfMrSA&XOMirS74&'/* \
\ g/oi/ip&jeoCYol//tfTOOAYFO/ZAtIWfWYf. %
\ A G/eFAKSATI/#OAY Nie/fr SA{f*»'6»»/0 t?M §
I Pje/fse/vf m$ #/£#r 0/my. §
; : -7- — : : — : : — : — j — — , .■»
[ WASH GOODS WEINBURGHS BANKRUPT PEOPLE'S STORE CLOAK THE DRESS GOODS I
I downstairs. STOCK. AND SUjT_ STOCK. SALE. |
[ ' ' It's come and about gone, but it's done It's rank nonsense to expect to find £
c: £= r>««*c .:«, ie in _* L you a whole lot of good and will try in these values in any other cloakstore. Can <jr, o.mi. c*»l«a4 TO/1 i«. •,. lai *
t 5 Cents Buys 15c Worth. future to do you more. Keep a-coming, ! a merchant in legitimate trade sell $15 "«M5 »UK Slnpea . IVOOI 1021116 12-jC. 5
[ Grenadine Dimities, Navy Crepons, Striped we'll make it worth your while. worth for $1? Can any honest dealer give 50c J) rMS (J ftft( i,, ft., a^ £
{ and Figured Dimities and Checked — r ° u 5 worth for $1? Well, this stock wo wrcsB ttUOUS lor S9G. *
r Flannelettes is what we have to give 15c Colored Veilings... 3 cents enaDles us to do it. Don't cost you any- In solid colors and in Novelty Drees 5
I you. Cheap is no name for them. 25c Double-width Vei1ing:.....:...' 10 cents thing to see it done. Goods, all-wool stuffs, the new- J
h They are beautiful, and the plain cot- 20c Sewing Veiling 10 cents $2 Pretty New Capes 75c est and latest in figured and *
r ton would cost more by the yard. 35c Colored Silk Mitts...... 15 cents $3 50 Handsome Capes'" $125 changeable mohairs. It's the *
I $2 8-Hook Foster Gloves $125 $6 Stylish Capes ......'.".**"..\\".*.\\\'.\"!s3.'9s lowest step in the rung of prices. *
i . SOc Ladies' Hose..". 15 cents $5 Ladies' Coats........... ".*..".'." $2.50 5
i 7Kc,"loc and 12c Buys 12^C to 40t Ladies' Hose ......:. 25 cents $6 50 Ladies' C0at5........ $3.95 af
<■ 2Qr Wnrth " 50c Ladies' Hose 33% cents $8 Ladies' Coats : $5.00 arm n 1 t m *
f- -f UC Worth. I 50c Ladies' Underwear 25 cents $2 Cute Little Coats.... . 69c 2d6.DreSS G<M)dB for 12|C. *
* These are Figured Organdies, Lawns, j 25c White or Butter Lace. .12H cents $3 50 Misses' Reefers "....".'.51.50 7^ IW« Cnnilo Tat '^a f a 9"i. t
\ Swisses, Printed Mulls. Batistes and i 30c White or Butter Lace 15 cents $4 50 Stylish Coats $2 95 ■.?" . WrCSS WOOB Mr ODO tO OI2C. *■
t Sheer Fabrics— the printing cost. more i 25c All-silk Ruche lOcents $5 Holiday Duck Suits". " "*** $150 From France, Germany, England 2
f. per yard without the texture. They 50c Beaded Gimps 25 cents $12 50 All-wool Suits ..' '...."."$3'.50 and our own, Plain and Novelty 5
t are as handsome as any fabrics ever 15c Irish Point.Embroidery..... ....s cents $15 Elegant Wool Suits ...""$5OO Fabrics from 40 to 52 inches ?
1 shown. 25c Gauze Stock Collars scents $175 Ladies' Wrapper 5.:............. 75 C wide, in mohairs, in serges and *
\. " ! j 25c Windsor Ties lOcents 75c Pretty Percale Waists .35c fantastic weave; they are bo "*■
.  _- , r ■'••• . I 35c Men's Neckwear...... 19 cents Pongee and Silk SKirts $2.00 very cheap. . - •*
I Linen TOWeIS, B'^C to 12^C. Oriental Laces, sto 10 inches. 10 to 20 cents Black and Colored Silk Skirts $200 - £
t Huck and Damask and Knotted Fringe at $1 Gold-silver Frames..... 25 cents Seersucker 5Lirt5..:..............  ' 19 C J
i 12^c, worth 15c and 25c. , ' ~ '. ~ ~ ; ~ : — — '-^^ — J
I " MuVlS'Kp SkS?!^ Saturday night, 6to 10, every BLACK DRESS QOODS - 1
""'"■ — ' Remnant of Wash Goods in our **»*■.«•. «*.*■*«*.■!
I DAMi/nnnT MATirk^tr, '\il a. mi 1j .c a Wonderful selling. a shame to *
I bankrupt notions. basement will be sold for 5 cents -"SS^S^^j^^ t
*- x Take in These Items. a yard. pnces> {
1 15c Bone Cat-in c ...5c piecs ' ' — ~ — ; ' " — ■ ■ — '■■ <jh ire* » *
, 15c Stockinet Shields. .7^c pair _^ " _*&k SILKS. *
\ 10c Black Cors.it Steels 5c pair J&a At* /**&?/*& /jj? J&& m.
i 15c 6-in. Kid Curlers 10c bunch rflJ /^l s^*^ r^ f*~\. FanfV 25€ t 35C« 50C» 75C. • *
t4c Needles, 3to 9 lc paper /( \ZJIJ /^STVW TV* M 7 7 Y^fV/% Y*f /^> ' ' ' «, ! ! •
r 15C e Shel« Hairpias 8c dolen L V VV* 'ji IJjf E I Aj 1 1 J ["[ iff I *f £'] Black 506 aDd 7^. \
\ 10c Li ? nen .Thread*, So^ard!."."-;". ".'.s^ i^cS &P "MSr^ Jt'sZT '^^ jff- W^J rhSn^nS '^l? 0^ 0 o 1 - 1 "*? t
'****rk*****k*++***********tt*+++ir*irk*+*****irt<+*+***ick
CENSURED THE ROAD.
The Market • Street Company
Taken to Task for Im
proper Fenders.
The Supervisors Asked to Compel the
Car Lines to Hive Safety
Devices.
The Southern Pacific received another j
j hard rap yesterday when a Coroner's jury '
, impaneled to inquiie into the death of ■
I John Figone. who was killed by a Kearny- j
street car on Tuesday last, returned a ver- |
diet strongly censuring the railroad for j
not using proper fenders. Incidentally j
the Supervisors were asked to take some
steps for the safety of the citizens.
L. Hirst testified that the accident hap
pened about seventy-rive feet from the
California -street crossing, and said he did
not hear the motorman ring the bell.
Officer Butterwortu and Peter Pinochi
said the front wheels of the car passed
twice over the boy's body.
Crawford, the motorman, said he was
looking Btraigut ahead and did not see
the boy until he was struck. He reversed
the current aft^r going about eight feet,
causing the car to go back about three
feet. He was looking straight ahead and
did not see the boy, neither did he l ing
the bell.
The jury, after being out something
over an hour, returned the following ver
dict:
"That John Figone came to his death
through accident caused by his own care
lessness in having been run over by car
llOi of the Market-street Railway Com
pany, on Kearny street, between Sacra
mento and California, on July 14, 1896, at
about 11:30 a. m., and we believe that the
fenders used on the said car and the cars
of the Market-street Railway Company
and other systems of the City are faulty
and lacking in the necessary construction
requisite for the saving of human life in
such case.".
"We, therefore, feel it is imperative
that the Supervisors should compel the
Market-street Railway Company and
other street railway companies of San
Francisco to adopt at once, in the interest
of public safety, the Improvements so
sadly needed.
"We further find that the motorman
and conductor on said car No. 1103, at the
time of said accident, were blameless."
_ — .—. — • — ♦ — •
Meeting of Republicans.
Several represt ntative Republicans of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District held a meet
ing at Mission Opera Hall, on Mission street,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth, last
evening, at which they organized the Indepen
dent Mission Republican Club. The following
officers were elected and installed: President,
(;. C. Bull; vice-presiaent. <J. Mayers; record
ing secretary, Hell Johnson; corresponding
secretary, T. O'Connell Jr.; treasurer, W. A.
Reeves; sergeant-at-arms, \V. Webb.
There will be an open meeting at the same
place next Friday evening at 8 o'clock, and all
Republican* in the district are cordially in
vited.
A Petty Swindler.
For a week or so past .smooth talking young
man, representing himself to be an agent for
tne American Tailoring Company of 317 Pine
street, has been swindling people out of small
sums of money by taking orders for suits of
clothes. His latest victim was William do
Bnrge of 2004 Howard street. De Burge gave
the man several dollars on deposit for a suit,
and later found that there was no tailoring
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
place at 317 Pine street. The police want
the public warned azainst the fellow.
OUT AT THE CHUTES.
The Scenic Hallway Runs Better Now
Than Before the Fire.
The effects of the recent fire at the
Chutes can hardly be seen now, and the
big scenic railway is running much better
than at first, it having been rebuilt in sev
eral places where defects existed. On the
14th of July it carried nearly 9000 pas
sengers and there was not an accident, a
fact of which the management feels justly
proud.
The performances given every afternoon
and evening in the big Casino are growing
very popular, and the able feats of Vir
ginia Aragon, the wire-walker, and the
daring Mario-Dunham family, bring forth
rounds of applause. Al Hazard is a clever
ventriloquist, and Miss Viola Sheldon has
a fine soprano voice which she handles
well.
To-morrow afternoon, in addition to the
regular attractions, Robert Earlston will
make a balloon ascension and parachute
drop at half-past 4.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
An Additional KepuMlcan Club In the
Interest of McKtnley.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District organized a club at the
| northwest corner of Eleventh and Fo'som
'< streets with the following officers: Presi
dent, P. J. Bannon ; first vice-president,
P. F. Skelly; second vice-president. John
Splane; third vice-president, Robert Ful
ton ; recording secretary, G. F. Mnllins;
financial secretary. I. McDonald; execu
tive committee, William Bannon (chair
mnn), D. Licett, P. Gallagher and Al Mur
phy.
The club indorsed William Hams for
Congress for the Fourth Congressiou al
District and E. Gallagher as additional
! member of the County Committee.
Labor Exchange News.
A branch of the Labor Exchange has been
organized at Eureka with 2T>O members. The
directors are as follows: J. M. Pass, owner of a
large tannery; T. I). CuUit, grain and imple
ment dealer: J. J. McLean, United States
Weather Bureau official; \V. L. Mercer, harness
manufacturer; Thomas Baird, steamer trans
portation and lumber merchant; T. H. Gone,
retired merchant; Gid J. Moore, hardware
dealer; T. J. Knight, dairyman; C. L. Devlin,
boot and shoe maker.
A number of business men will turn their
stocks into the exchange. They intend to
build a freight vessel this fall so that the ex
changes ou the coast will be then independent
of railway and steamship companies. In this
City the directors are taking steps to start a
department of the exchange for debt collect
ing in merchandise or even labor, instead of
the gold and silver with which it is impossible
for so many now to pay their debts.
To Park Fruit.
The A. F. Tenney Canning Company has been
incorporated by H. Duryea, W. H. Ames, B. H.
Madison, James Madison and A. F. Tenney.
The new concern will pack fruits, meats, veg
etables and fish at Fresno, Cal. The capital
stock is f 100,000, of which $40,000 has been
paid up.
Sned on a Mortgage.
The German Bavings and Loan Society has
entere-1 suit to foreclose a mortgage on the
property of the estate of Noah J. Franklin, sit
uated on the west side of Grant avenue be- !
tween Post and Sutter streets. The amount in
volved is 911.000.
Colnon's Answer.
E. L. Colnon's answer to the suit of Daniel I
E. Farley was filed yesterday. Farley claims |
$10,000 damagei because of the publication In i
an evening paper of an article claimed to be I
libelous. Mr. Colnon denies the different >
aUogatlous of the complaint.
imp for a Six Months' Tri£ mM,
. Off for a Six IWonths^ Tt^ ,gjj
wSI jml lift fin. JraL Jw> IS
1 PLUG 1
m No matter how much you are M
M charged for a small piece of other M
§ brands, the chew is no better than S
M "Battle Ax/ For 10 cents^you §
H get almost twice as much as of m
|| other high grade goods* M
IB IHB VEHY'htoi' OA'IS TO fiXAMtNH
gUtses with instrument* of his ov»n iDvanUon.
Wfeoaesnpcrioritr has not been equsiod. **» »im?
tcsahfta been due to ii»<j mt-nu O( luy *\KJi
THESDCCESSOFTHESEiSOS
THE LADIES 1 GRILL
OF THE—
PALACE HOTEL
| DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ; St
i WISH V.MU. KIDKIUJIX.
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
Maher, the Irish champion pugilist, will
arrive to-day, and diplomats from the Oc
cidental and Olympic clubs have been dis
patched to intercept him en route.
The Olympic Club's first boxing enter
tainment will be held on the evening o)
the 31st inst. in its gymnasium.
The wheelmen are arranging for the bi.
street parade, which promises to be one ol
the most interesting wheeling events oi
the season.
Sportsmen will be scouring the hills and
canyons to-morrow in quest of deer, as it
will be the first Sunday of the open sea
son.
The Stockton Rowing Association has
been very successful in securing aquatic
meetings. The tempting prizes offered
induced the oarsmen of this City to for
sake home waters.
Lovers of coursing, angling and other
kindred sports are enjoying themselves in
good style.
THE WHEELMEN.
Annual Picnic Run of the Asso-
elated Cycling Clubs.
Borne observing man's discovered
(How, I've never tboueni to ask),
Tbat a Kentucky maiden's bloomers
Have a pocket for a flask;
That the cycling girl of Texas
As she rides Is not afraid-
She provides a pistol pocket
When she bas her bloomers made;
That tbe bloomer girl ot Boston,
Always cool and wisely frowning
Has a Docket in her bloomers
Where she carries Robert Browning:
Thau the Daisy Bell of Kansas,
Who has donned the cycling breeches,
Has a pocket in her bloomers
Full of woman suffrage speeches:
That Chicago's wheeling woman.
When her cycle makes rotations,
lias a special bloomer pocket
Where she carries pork quotations;
Tbat Milwaukee's cycling beauties,
As they ]>• dul day by day,
Have a tiny secret pocket
Where a corkscrew's s.owed away;
Tbat tbe Gotoam bloomer damsel,
Whom Manhattan dudes admire,
Has a tutti-frutti pocket
Full of gum to mend her tire.
—Toledo Bee.
Bnt tbe San Francisco girl, we find
(In perfect shape so rare).
Keeps no pocket Id her bloomer*,
For she has no room to spare.
Tbe annual picnic run of tbe California
Associated Cycling Clubs is booked for to
morrow, and as the association numbers
all the prominent clubs in this part
of the State, the picnic will naturally at
tract most of the organized wheelmen.
The destination is Coyote Point Beach,
near San Mateo, a ride of about twenty
•one miles. The start will be made at 9
a. m. from Twenty-second and Folsom
streets, at which point all the clubs, in
cluding the Oakland clubs, are requested
to assemble. The Garden City and Moun
tain View cyclers will join tne run at San
Mateo.
Each club is to provide lunch for its
members, which will be transported to the
grounds by the association if brought to
the starting point not later than 7:30 o'clock
Sundry morning. There is a commodious
bathhouse at the beach, and a swim in
the bay will be one of the features of the
trip. Lunch will be spread in a grove of
trees, where liquid refreshments will also
be served. The trip should be a very
pleasant outine for the wheelmen, and as
a diversity from the succession of road
races we have bad for the past two months,
it is giadly welcomed.
Last year the association picnic was held
at Niles Canyon and as the arrangements
for lunching the big crowd were inade
quate, many had to go without their noon
day repast* and altogether it was rather
NAT BUTLER OF BOSTON, TWO-MILE L. A. W. CHAMPION.
unsatisfactory. The preparations this
year are more complete, therefore the run
Bhould be a big success.
Tom and Nat Butler of Boston have
been making a remarkable showing in the
professional events in the East of late,
winning the majority of the events in
which they have started. Both will soon
be on tbe National circuit, competing with
Bald, Cooper, Sanper, Ziegler, Gardiner
and the other cracks, and many expect
them to continue to prove the" victors.
Torn is small but compactly buiit, while
Nat is above the average size. Nat Butler
to-day holds the L. A. W. championship
for two miles, and to win it had to beat
Bald, Cooper, Kiser, Murphy and a lot of
the cracks.
Three members of the Outing Koad Club
recently scorched from Fruiivale In pretty
fast time, as follows: N. Brown, 2 hours 5
minutes: P. Anderson, 2 hours 9 minutes;
A. Hoffman, 2 hours 20 minutes. About
three-fourths of the members of the Out
ing Club have recently joined the League
of American W T heelmen.
Sanforit Plnmmer of the Bay City
Wheelmen, official referee of the L. A. W.,
is quite ill at his home in this City.
Plummer was not well about a week be
fore the Petaluma meet on July 4, and of
ficiated at that meet against the advice of
his physician ; he suffered a relarse 3nd is
now contined to bis room and wili not be
about for a fortnight.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will at
tend the bis: picnic to-morrow, the club
furnishing lunch for the members. The
run will leave the club house at 8:30 a. m.
and join the other clubs at tli6 starting
point, Twenty-second and Folsom streets.
Thomas G. Spillane is now acting captain,
Walter Fawcett being at Sacramento in
connection with the indoor tournament
to be held there next weeK.
Byron D. Bent of the Bay City Wheel
men has returned from a trip a-wheel to
Lcs Angeles, Catalina Island and other j
Soints of interest in the south, where he r
ad a most delightful time.
The Imperially cling Club will attend J
the picnic run to-morrow. The club
heartily indorses the proposed parade of
iext Saturday night, and Captain Barrow
xpects a large turnout. There will be a
nenibers' meeting next Monday ni^ht and
. whist party for members Wednesday
v<?ning, July 20.
Straws show which way the wind blows,
nd the following taken from the secre
::ry's notice to members of the Imperial
' ub may have some significance as indi
cating that wheelmen will be a strong
.actor in political fights this coming eleo
i'^n, and will bend their energies toward
c cling the men who will most likely be
fr -ivily to their interests: "If you wish
to >te at the coming election go to the
Cit il:iil and register at once, as there
re b t a few more days in which you can
gist'-. It is a duty you owe to yourself
d t~> your club that you vote at the
/. ing (lection and elect the men who
irui l-jy.it out for the interests of wheel
men."
R. M. Welch, member of the National
Raoing Board, has issued the following
bulletin No. 18, dated July 17, 1898, as
toliows:
Sanctions granted— September 7, Capital City
Cycling Club, Phoenix, Ariz.
U. K. Arnold, 275 Stark street, Portland, is
appointed representative of the National Rac
ing Board in Oregon, vice Carroll £. Hughes,
resigned.
Transferred to professional class — George
Weiler, Salt Lake, Utah; Frank Thatcher,
Lojran, Utah; John F. King, Portland, Oregon
—at their own request. J. P. Gunn, Sau Fran
cisco; W. H. Haiey, San Francisco; H. B.
Kucker, San Francisco; £. M. Delventhal,
Healdsbure, Cal.; R. O. Walker, Santa Maria,
Cal.; Frank Winters, Santa Maria, CaL ; T. E.
Fowler, San Miguel, Cal.; Ed Allen, Spokane,
Wash. ; George Rusk, Spokane, Wash. ; R. B.
Trenaman, Seattle, Wash.— under clause A.
Charles Dell, Butte, Mont., under clause 1.
Frank J. Marvin, George Rusk, Bert Schoo
maker. Cooper Harold, Spokane, Wusb., sus
pended from the track pending investigation
of charges of foul riding and striking against
the decision of the referee at Colfax, Wash.,
July 4. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
The Bay City Wheelmen will attend tbe
picnic run to-morrow. Lunch will be pro
vided for the members by the club. Con
trary to expectations, the Bay Citys will
turn out en masse in the cycle parade next
Saturday night. Not only wili they make
a bie showing as to men and wheels, but
they will have a band of their own and
introduce several special features. Presi
dent Kerrigan says if the club is going to
turn cut at all it had better do so with a
hearty spirit, and as this spirit is now
being shown the Bay Citys will probably
make a goo'i showing.
The California Cycling Club will be a
big feature of the parade a week from to
day, and on account of its large member
ship Captain Mayo expects a great many
in line. To-morrow the club soes on the
association picnic Saturday evening,
August 1, a smoker for members will be
held at the clubhouse.
The Outing Road Club will have a run
to-morrow to Mill Valley under Captain
Davis.
Charles Albert Adams, president of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen and the Camera
Club Cyclists, was the lecturer before the
California Camera Club last evening, his
subject being "Picturesque Japan," illus
trated by about a hundred stereo }>t icon
views. It has been a good many years
since Mr. Adams visited Japan, but he
was thoroughly familiar with bis subject,
and a large number of wheelmen present
enjoyed the entertainment exceedinclv.
Edwin E. Stoddard, of the Bay City
Wheelmen, who travels for the Cleveland
people, started on a trip last night which
will last about a year and will carry him
pretty nearly all over the Americas. He
left here for Mexico and will then journey
through the Central American countries,
down the west coast of South America,
visiting Ecuador, Chile, Peru and other
places, then up the east side, stopping at
the three Guianas, Argentine Republic
and Brazil, and by the time he reaches
North America again he will probably be
more fluent in Spanish than in English.
Stoddard jokingly remarked as he left the
Bay City clubhouse for tbe last time yes
terday that he might find some crack rider
down in Patagonia who would be eligible
for the Bay City's 1897 relay team, and if
so he would try and induce him to come
north.
Tne Marysvilie Appeal recently pub
lished an eight-pftge bicycle edition. It
was filled with cuts and matter of epecial
interest to wheelmen. Several local cy
clists contributed articles concerning per
sonal experiences with the wheel and al
together it was quite a creditable and
interesting number.
The Eintracnt Cyclers will have a run
to-morrow to Havwards, leaving the club
at 9 a. m., under Captain H. C. Frank.
Tne Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland
have issued the following postal to mem
bers: "On Saturday evening, July 18,
there will be a jubilee smoker to celebrate
the winningof the Baker <fc Hamilton cap
last Sunday, in the most hotly contested
race ever seen on the coast, when the Acme
riders plucked yictorv from almost certain
defeat by tneir hard ridine. The cup will
be on hand and all must come to do it
honor."
The cup was pre»ented to the winning
team at a banquet tendered them Dy
James M. Hamilton Thursday evening at
Tortoni's. at which the five men of the
team, Captain Swain of the Acme Club,
James M. Hamilton, George F. Neece, F.
L. H. Noble, M. C. Allen, J. 8. Conwell
F. H. Kerrigan, V. A. Dodd, R. C. Lennie,
James Joyce Jr., J. F. Hancock, H. F.
Wynne, C. N. Ravlin and R. A. Smyth
were present.
The Alpha (ladies') Cycling Club desire
it stated that they wili not lead the cycle
parade next Saturday night, nor take any
ac;ive part in it. Captain Mahony says
that they would like to see better streets
and the park lighted well enough, but
they have been accustomed to leaving
such movements to the men in the past,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
Frank Lacost of the Tamalpais Sportsmen's Club Is Credited With Having Killed on Wednesday
Last the Largest Buck That Has Ever Been Bagged in the Preserve.
and will do so now. as theirs is a strictly ]
tourine club, and they would not care to I
take part in such a demonstration.
To-morrow, Captain Mahony, Mrs. H. I
F. Wynne, Miss Kita Mahony and Miss j
Lena Egeberg of the Alphas will endeavor I
to ride a century arnurid the bay in less I
than ten hours. They accomplished such j
a trip in eleven hours several weeks ago. I
The start will be made to-morrow morning j
at 4 o'clock from Tenth and Market streets, \
and they will lollow the relay course to
San Jose, finishing in Alameda about 2 in
the afternoon. Spaldi.nu.
GUN AND DOG.
About the Deer-Shooting Season
j and the Hunters.
Sportsmen are now taking advantage of
the opportunities offered in some of the
counties of this State for deer-shooting.
The Supervisors of some counties have
shortened the season because of the scar
city of deer^in the localities where they
reside.
Generally speaking, it can safely be said
that a sportsman who will shoot at and
kill a deer for the pleasure of the sport in
a county where the Supervisors have cut
off the open season altogether will not be
molested, because there is no general ob
jection on the part of the Supervisors of
any county to prevent any person from
killing one or two deer occasionally. .
The object of a close season is princi
pally to protect ■ the deer from extermina
tion and it is a good law.
The sporting editor of The Call, in an
interview with a prominent member of
the Ukiah Sportsman's Club, learned that
the Supervisors of Mendocino County had :
shut down upon an open season because of i
the rapid slaughter of deer, both male j
and female, by professional hunters. The
sportsman did not hesitate to say in |
answer to a question that any man who I
shoots a deer for his own private use in
Mendocino County will not be molested, I
and if he should happen to be arrested by
some "fresh" constable lor having venison
in his possession, bis acquittal would be
certain to follow, as there is not a Judge
or. jury in the county thai would be in
favor of punishing him.
Some of the members of the Country
Club had good success on the opening day
of tne season. William Kittle got one !
splendid buck and another member
brought down a buck yesterday. A letter !
written at Inverness, a pleasure resort
near Tomales Bay, to the sporting editor,
states that on the 14th inst. keepers of the
Country Club went outside of their juris
diction and ran their dogs through the
canyons near Inverness with the inten
tion of driving the deer into the club
demesne. If this report is true the club
should bring the keepers to task.
The sportsmen of the Tamalpais Club
baa excellent sport on the 15th inst. A
party, composed of Johnny Bergez, Wil
liam Berg. J. Carrigan and W. Domerjue,
bowled over three bucks — a spiked
horn and two forked horns. Each mem
ber of the party killed a deer excepting
Carrigan, who did not get a chance to try
his eye and nerve. Another party, con- j
sisting •of Frank Lacost, Billy Brown, J. ,
Osborne, H. J. Wicker and Achille Roos, \
was not so successful. Lacost was the
only ' representative who bagged game, I
and to his credit be it said that be broueht
down the finest specimen of the deer
family that the club has seen in years. It
was a forked born which, when dressed,
scale 1 135 pounds.
One ot the dogs of the club ran down a
coyote and a battle royal ensued, Tbe i
coyote stood hisi ground well until the j
pack arrived.
Hunting parties are now being organ
ized for several deer-shooting expeditions.
To-morrow being the first Sunday of the
open season there will be cracking of rifles
ad libitum all over the country.
The Alameda County Sportsman's Club
will hold a clay-bird shoot to-day at Ala
meda Point and to-morrow (Sunday) the
Lincoln Gun Club will meet in strong !
force at its own grounds in Alameda. The
prizes offered are all first class and a gala
day's outing is promised. The Golden
Gate Gun Club will shoot at the Pacific !
Tourney grounds to-morrow and the Cali
fornia Wing Club . will assemble at San
Bruno, where live pigeons will be used.
The following letter from Marysvilie to
the sporting editor concerning the differ
ences of opinion that exist between attor
neys and' journalists relative to the game
law and the Supervisors will prove inter
esting: SSS&SHfiEIH
Quite a discussion has been going on be
tween tbe local papers as to the right of. hunt
ers to shoot doves in Sutler County before July
15. the date established by the Board of Super
visors of that county for the commencement
of the open season. The Appeal claimed that
it was legal to kill doves on and alter July l.
The Democrat declared it was not. District
Attorney McLaughlin and Attorney A.: H.
Hewitt of Butter County were asked for an
opinion and they decided in favor of the Ap
peal as follows:
A new section (626b) was added to the Penal
Code by the .Legislature of 1895. Said section
reads as follows: "livery person who, in the state
of California, between, the 16th day of .February
and the Ist day of ■ July In each' year, shall hunt,
pursue, take, kill or destroy, or have In his pos
session, any dove or dove.*, stiall be guilty of mis
demeanor." The legislature clearly intended (bat
that section should be a general law, and since the
passage of th t section no law has been enacted
by the Legislature authorising any Boar I of •su
pervisors to shorten or extend tne ■ close season,
and it stands on* ;he statute-books of our State to
day as a general law.
The only, authority that a Board of Supervisor!
had in the matter wan that contained in section
29 Vi of the county Government act and section j
b.-S'i of the Penal i Code, which were . passed two
years previous to the Penal Code section U'J6b .
The Penal Code section above referred to was a |
portion of an act of tbe Legislature amending sec- '
tion 626 of that code relating to game. .
Section 27 of the act last referred to provides ex
pressly that all acts and parts of acts iv conflict
with the provisions of said act are repealed. Con
sequently section ".9Va of : the county government.
act and section 686 oi tbe Penal Cole must have
been repealed, as they- were , in conflict with the
general game. law. As the game law now stands
no Board of ■ Supervisors ' baa the power to shorten
or extend the close or open season. , '
/ The Appeal now asks thn editor of the Demo
crat to acknowledge his error or. cause the
arrest of some of Sutler's legal lights who have
been shooting doves sinee 'the Ist and make a
test case of it. "/"
The question as to tbe power of the j
Supervisors to make changes- in the
general game law should be easily,
answered according to i section 11 of . ar
tide XI of the constitution, which confers
upon the Boards of Supervisors the power
to enact any laws in regard to the regula
tions of fish and game which are not in
conflict with tNe general laws. The open
season can be shortened or closed, but the
close season cannot be shortened.
Therefore it is patent that the Super
visors can shorten the season between
July 15 and October 15 or close it alto
gether if they are so inclined, but they
cannot go outside of those dates, other
wise they conflict with the general game
law.
Joseph Bickerstaff and R. Itjen re
turned yesterday from a two days' deer
hunt in Marin County. Mr. BickersUff
killed a fine buck.
RIFLE AND PISTOL.
A Growing Interest In Revolver
Shooting Among: Local Marksmen.
Schuetren Park, near San Rafael, will
be alive with riflemen to-morrow. The
California, Eintracht and Grutlt shooting
clubs will hold their regular bullseye con
tests and the San Francisco Turners and
tne Ladies' Schuetzen clubs will hold their
regular medal contests.
The California Schuetzen Club is pre
paring for its annual prize festival, which
will be held on August 16 and 23 at Schuet
zen Park. On August 25 the prizes will be
distributed. The shooting festival com
mittee consists of Philo Jacoby (chairman),
L. C. Babin, Otio Burmeister, N. Remens
perger. D. B. Faktor, Joseph Straub, J. C.
Wailer, F. F. Carroll and Robert Langer.
Aboui $1200 in cash and 170 merchandize
prizes, worth |1000. will be shot for. The
programme will be similar to that of last
year, .he contests being on the ring, man
and point targets. Twenty targets will be
op»n nil day on both occasions.
Among the marksmen of this locality
there is a growing interest in revolver
practice and before very long there will no
doubt he a larj;e number who will com
pare favorably with tnose in the E;ist and
in Europe. The San Francisco and Oak- I
land police revolver teams have already
proved that there :s good metal in their
ranks tor tbey have made excellent scores
with their heavy service revolvers. In one
respect these men shoot under great dis
advantages. They are not permitted to j
become familiar with one weapon, but are !
obliged to take from the rack the first one '
that comes to hand and no man can do his '
best with a strange firearm. It is hardly
fair, from a marksman's point of view, for
the authorities to place such a handicap
upon ttie police marksmen.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's
members are desirous of meeting the
police revolver sharps, and any other class
or club for that matter. To that end the
club has opened an all-comers' revolver
match for a trophy and a number of cash
prizes which will be distributed at the end
of this year. The match is open for all
service revolvers (the 32-44 excepted), but
principally for the larger calibers. For
the pocket revolver there is another
matca, in which the prize is a beautiful
medal which was presented by Howard
Carr, the well-known riile and revolver ■
shot The members of the club, and in
fact several who are not members, are pol- |
ishing up their large revolvers. The con- i
onions of this match are six-shot scores 1
on the Columbia target The best single
score wins tne trophy and the next best
takes the cash prizes, which by the end of
the year will be wortn shooting for.
A. C. Mayers of Watsonviile has re
cently perfected an open-front nfle-si^ht
for bunting purposes, which has com
mended itself to a number of hunters who
have inspected the invention, which will
foe patented. In many respects it resem- i
blestheoll Rocky Mountain sight now i
used on the Winchester rifles, but instead j
of an aluminum strip in the center this
part is made of ivory, and is much thicker
than the other material. The sides are of
oxydized steel. The side view presents a
small strip of white over the crown, but it
is the rear view that attracts attention.
Sighted on a dark object the ivory center
stands out clear and distinct. On a white
object tne w.hite of the ivory cannot be
seen, but the black ozydized sides stand
out as clear as two "intt lines. The in
ventor claims that it is a perfect sight for
a bright h ht and a deep shade, such as
the mark nun often experiences on the
open plain and in the dark forest. It is
likely that several of these sights will be
used during the present deer-hunting sea
son. The sight ia constructed to stand
rough aerv.ee. M. J. White.
THE OARSMEN.
The South Enders Disbanded—Pet
erson Wants to Row Hantan.
From the present outlook of thines the
championship regatta of 1896 will be de
cided on the Stockton channel on Septem
ber 9.
Local oarsmen were yery desirous that
the Pacific Coast Amateur Association
allot the championship races to San Fran
cisco during the Golden Gate Carnival,
but the Stockton people made such stren
uous efforts to have thf ir regatta on Sep
tember 9 a championship meeting and
offered such liberal inducements to the
oarsmen thnt the N. A. A. will, it , is
thouLht, give them the preference and
sanction their regatta as a championship
affair. •
The association has been forwarded a
check for the amount of the prizes, which
in each instance will be an individual
trophy to every oarsman who participates
in the races.
Local oar- men will be given free trans
portation w.th their boats to and from
Stockton, and the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation will tit up its gymnasium with cots,
to be used as sleepingquarters for the vis
itors during their sojourn in Stockton.
The clubs have promised an entry in
each event <>n the programme for which
they have suitable boats.
This will necessitate rowing a great
many of the races in heats, as the Stock
ton channel can't very well accommodate
over four boats in a race, owing to its nar
rowness.
Several new single scullers will make
I their initial appearance in the singles on
September 9. They are as follows: John
Foley of the tSouth Ends, Jim Keenan
and W. O. Patch of the Dolphins and
George Phelan oi the Ariel Rowing Clnb.
The Giant crew of Stockton has had a
damper cast over its enthusiasm as to its ;
rowing ability. The oarsmen were living
in hopes of meeting the South Ends'
crack senior crew on the 9th of Septem
ber, but now that Mac Arthur, the crew's
captain, has aspirations to be a star in the
pugilistic firmament, and Bode, the bow
man, has joined the ranks of the bene
dicts, and Duplissen, the stroke, is paying
all his attention to the single scull, the
Stockton boys must rest on the laurels
they have won.
The Sooth End Junior crew of the fol
lowing personnel: Ed Tobin, bow and cap
tain; Matt Breen, for ward waist; James
Pallas, afterwaist; Ed Scully, stroke; and
George McGriil, cocks wain, will be on hand,
however, to try; the mettle of the Giant
crew.
The Pioneer Club has implicit faith in
its crew winning the championship this
year. The boys have been rowing ret;u
larly for some time back and are already
in good trim. The personnel of the crew is
as follows: Fred Orr, bow and captain;
Coney Ochs, forward waist; George Col
lopy, afterwaist; John Clifford, stroke;
and George Fitzsimmons, cockswain.
The aisbandment of the South Ends'
| crack crew will be regretted by all interested
in rowing matters. They were always the
favorites with the public in the different
regattas, where their magnificent stroke
was always favorably commented upon.
The personnel of the crew was as fol
lows: Henry Bode, bow? Bob McArthur,
forward waist and captain; Gus Carson,
afterwaist; Frank Dupli-sea, stroke, and
George AicGrill, cockswain.
Henry Peterson, the champion oarsman
of the Pacific Coast, is anxious to take
Gaudaur's place and row Hanlan, who has !
just challenged the former for a race at the i
Vancouver regatta.
Peterson says that as Gaudaur is going !
to England to row Stanbury he cannot j
see how Gaudaur can uossibly row Hanlan I
on September 1, the date set for the Van
couver regatta, consequently he is anxious
to take Gaudaur's place and row Hanlan
for the $3000 purse.
The Olympic Club team of athletes just
returned from Portland is loud in its praises
1 of the boating facilities of the Portland
| club and deem it advisable for the ad
| vancement of the sport here that the local
! clubs take part in some of the Portland
regattas or offer inducements for the Port- j
land oarsmen to come down here and row, j
which the latter are very anxious to do.
The boating annex of the Olympic Club
is reported as being in a flourishing con
dition, with forty-five members, two four
oared working shells, a new four-oared
racing shell ami a numberof private boats.
The present officers of the annex are as j
appended: Chairman. J. McElroy; secre
tary, E. Allison; captain, B. McArthur;
directors, J. T. McCarty and E. Sullivan.
Now that McCausland has been defeated
by Duplissea it is thought that bis race
with Johnson, the northern sculler, will !
be declared off. Duplissea states that he
I will take McCausland's pfcee and row \
: Johnson, either at the Vancouver regatta ,
| or on the bay here during the fiesta re- !
I gatta. ft has been noised about that the '
j South End Club would defray Johnson's '
i expenses if he would consent to row the
local man here during the carnival.
GAME LAW.
Differences of Opinion Among;
Sportsmen and Attorneys.
The following letter to the sporting edi
tor oi Thk Call from Judge Carroll, who
' is enjoying a very pleasant vacation at the
j mountain lakes, will interest all lovers of
the gentle pastime:
Lake Independence, Cal.. July 15, 1896.
Sporting Editor Call: Situated in the heart of
the Sierras, in the region of perpetual snow.
Is Lake Independence, which, in my opinion,
is the queen of mountain lakes, not only from
the grandeur of the sceuery, but also from the
excellent quality as well as the number of its
fish. I was somewhat disappointed in the size
I of the fish, but this is overbalanced by their
flavor. The fishing is done with flies, princi
pally trolling, although some enthusiast, like
my friend, A. B. Finch, will persist In "cast
ing," and 1 must say that, thus far, he has
proven to be the most successful, so far as
numbers are concerned.
At Gumming, the champion fly-c».>ter ot
Fmitvale, Alameda County, arrived her* yes
terday from Webber Lake. He went stream
fishing and returned in a few hours with aline
creel of Eastern brook trout, one of which es
pecially was a "beauty," weighing four
pounds, but as I understand that "Al" Is an
"expert angler," I presume this will not be a
surprise to nig many friends, whom I see by
'1 he Call have been anxiously inquiring of his
whereabouts. He shipped fish to-day to his
friends. I was somewhat disappointed to read
in The Call that the fish shipped by me ar
rived in poor condition. As they are kept alive
in tanks until ready for shipment, and as the
trip is made in a single day surely some one
must be at fault.
Judge Groezinger and myself went to Web
ber Lake yesterday and were most royally
entertained by our genial friend, Murdock,
the Fish Commissioner. He repor.ed the fish
ing very good. We also had the pleasure of
meeting Judges Hunt and Slack of San Fran
cisco, who also reported very fair success. Ou
the road back Judge Groezinger endeavored to
p&xr myself and Ed Teeter and was tnrown out
of his conveyance, but he was uninjured, bar
rine a little shaking up.
(iniued by Ed Teeter and Ed Steel, two of
the most successful guides in the Sierra*, we
leave to-day for a grand deur and bear aunt,
but of course the result must be seat to you
later on, and I trust I may have a successful
trip to record in the columns of THr Call.
The best fishing here is to be had in the
evening. The boats are towed tc the head of
the lake by a ster m launch, handled by Cap
tain John Lehan and George A. McDonald,
and as the lake U three and a half miles long
the angler is pretty lired on his return to the
hotel, as the boat mu«t be rowed very slowly.
I find the "Katy May" and the "Royal Coach
man" the most successful flies at present.
Our mutual friend John Grindley has been
rusticating here for the past two weeks, and
judging from the number of packages shipped
by him sureiy his friends must be aware of his
whereabouts.
A great rivalry exists at present between
dimming, Finch and Cohen. Each endeavors
! to rise first in the morning in order to be the
first on the stream. They all left at 4 a. m
to-day, but as neither has yet returned I am
unable to rtport results.
The accommodations here are excellent.
The hotel is managed by J. H. Mnckormick,
and he seems to think that he cannot do
enough in order to please the guests. Yours
truly, John A. Cakeoll.
The sporting editor of The Call ia in
debted to Mr. Finch for a beautiful mess
of cut-throat trout, which arrived in ex
cellent condition.
Champion fly-caster Al Gumming states
in a letter that Eastern trout will be the
next to arrive at this office.
Arthur Foster, who arrived a few days
ago from Independence Lake, states that
A. B. Finch is seriously thinking of stock
ine tne lake in question with rainbow or
smoked herring — a fish which is said 10 be
very prolific in some of the lakes of the
Arctic.
G. W. Morgan of the El Bonita Hotel, at
Duncans Mills, writes that the anglers are
having excellent sport in Russian River,
catching black and striped bass. A party,
composed of Dr. Moss, E. Swain, W. H.
Fuller and daughter, C. A. Bennett. Miss
Flora Frisbie, Misses He'en and Goldie
Banders, W. J. Thompson, J. Deering and
Miss Walton, have been enjoying grand
sea tishing at the mouth of the river.
C. A. Bennett, E. Dcering and W. J.
Thompson caught sixty fish last Monday,
which consisted of pike, black and striped
bass. Mr. Morgan states also that some
ot ;he sportsmen have had very good suc
cess deer shooting.
THE ANGLER.
Where First-Class Sport Can Be
Had In the Mountains.
Anglers are now enjoying the cream of
the season's sport. Reports from moun
tain lakes and streams are most satisfac
tory. The pleasure and health seekers
who are rusticating among the pines of
the Bierras and Siskiyous are shipping
beautiful mountain trout almost daily to
their friends in this City who cannot
avail themselves of the opportunity of an
outing in the pleasant altitudes.
The angling at Lakes Tahoe, Indepen
dence, Webber and Dormer will be first
class until the middle of August, after
whicli month the tish will drop to the
bottom of the oig pond?, where me water
is cool and pleasant. The »poon will then
replace the fly, which is now successfully
used in surface tisliing.
The Truckee River, which is unquestion
ably an ideal trout stre:im, will not be at
us best until August, and consequently
; there are many anglers who have pur
posely deferred their vacations so they can
have an opportunity of whipping its
crystal waters when angling is ripe.
With the exception of the part of the
McCloud River which at certain times of
the year affords grand fly fishing, there
are but few of the coast streams that can
be compared with the Truckee, from an
angler's point cf view. Then the accom
modations at Boca are first-class, and tne
journey from this City to the happy hunt
ing and fishing grounds is most tuitable,
because of the quick passage.
An angler wuose time is limited can
leave this City on the evening train going
east and reach Boca next morning at 7
o'clock. In other words, he can enjoy a
tirst-class day's trouting on the Truckee
and return to this City in time to com
mence business the following morning.
An ang:er with the same time allowance
cannot have a full day's fishing on Paper
Mill Creek in Mann County.
BOXING.
The Proposed Green and McArthur
Contest Declared Off.
The application of the Olympic Club for
permits to hold a boxing entertainment in
its building on the Ust inst. and an exhi
bition in Mechanics' Pavilion in August
or September was granted yesterday by
the Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors.
Tlie Occidental Club was also granted
permits to give entertainments in August
and September, but tha application of the
Pnoenix Athletic Club for an exhibition
was denied.
Nothing was heard from the National
Club, which is at present taking a well
earnea rest.
Peter Maher, the Irish pugilistic cham
pion, and his manager and trainer, Con
nolly, will arrive this evening it the train
they are on will land on time.
It is difficult to say what Maher will do
until he :>a& had a conference with the
managers of the Occidental and Olympic
clubs. Young Mitchell is of the opinion
that it is not conducive to health or to
wealth to have too many irons in the fire
at one time and consequently he does hot
propose to make any very flattering over
tures for the Maher and Choynski mill.
The Occidental Club slate is almost com
plete, but a change may be made if Joe
and PettT will agree to a reasonable offer.
The Olympic Ciub's proposed purse of
14000 atill stands good, but if Maher and
Choynski are be:it on riding the high
horse the clubs may ignore them alto
gether and engage other talent.
Pugilist Jeffries is in great demand.
He says that fighting against manager?
who are anxious to take him under their
wing is much harder work than fighting
in the ring. Jeffries should announce who
his manager is if he has any, so that
the clubs will know whom to correspond
with iv case they may need his services.
By having too many managers he lost a
good chance to pick up a nice pot at the
Olympic Club.
"Joe McAuiiffe will have another chance
for his life," remarked Billy Jordan yes
terday. "If Farley can keep his eyes on
the big fellow and steer him clear of re
NEW TO-DAY.
••••••••••••••••••••A*
Per*. Gail Borden
infant Eagle Brand
1:00(1 Condensed Milk
"Infant Health," is a little book of
great value tbat is sent Fkee on appli-
cation.
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, Hew York
GREAT CUT
IN 1896 MODELS.
FALCON BICYCLES!
GOLD CRANKS MODEL 9, $100— REDUCED TO $75
MODEL li, $85— REDUCED TO $6O
ALSO A FEW 1 895 MODELS CHEAP.
S GOLD CRANKS MODEL 4, $100— REDUCED TO $5O
MODEL 3, $85— REDUCED TO $4O
The Falcon Bicycle Is strictly higa grade and second to none made, and
fully warranted. '  ..
Be sure when buying a wheel you buy one that is represented by an es-
tablished Bicycle Mouse, with a full stock of parts for repairs.
GEO. WEBB ALEXANDER,
The Oldest Bicycle House in the United* States.
4pl;Maitet Street, S. F.
COAST AOt-NTS FOR -h ALCONSj AND TALLV^HO TANDEMS. j ;
AfldiNi DATOL HEDICINB CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. I^rsaiebr
I BKOOKS- fUAiiMACY. 119 PowelUtw*
SHEW TO-PAT.
Catarrh
Quacks
and
Quackery
"Why. do we put thieves in prison and
leave the quacks outside?
Catarrh quacks and catarrh "remedies
are so numerous because catarrh is so
frequent and so hard to cure.
And because • the average physician
j never attempts a systematic treatment.
He fears he can't cure and he is too honest
to try.
Yet it's a troublesome disease. If it
does not kill it causes great distress, disa-
bility and misery. y '
And sometimes it kills!
It can be cured. >
Dr. Sweany. in the course of his ion*
and brilliant record in several other spe-
I cial branches of the healing art, has dis-
I covered the hidden source, the invisible
I germs of this obstinate malady, and is
i probably the only physician in the world
who can truly guarantee to cure:
Catarrh of the nose and pharynx,
Catarrh of the head or inner ear,
Catarrh of the eye and ear,
Catarrh of the throat (bron3hitis),
Catarrh of the lungs (consumption),
Catarrh of the stomach (dyspepsia). .
s FA/4 Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
It is better for you if you don't spend
your money with quacks and others —
though the doctor prefers cases that other*
have failed to cure.
Treatment by mail has proven entirely
successful. Write fully and carefully.
Poor treated FREE Friday afternoons.
Office hours: 9 a. m. to 12 m., 2 to 5 and 7
to Bp. St. Sundays 10 a. m. to 12 M. Ad-
dress .
Fl OUfCHUV II II 737 Market 9t..
. L. OIJIAiII, HI. U., San Francisco, CaU
BICYCLES BUILT TO ORDER.
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOR THE TRADE A SPECIALTY,
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
112 Golden Gate Aye., 8- T.
' $JSsB&s Belts for $30.
JpyW-y.Tv^viy^^^^W i lid-fashioned and poorly
Br~rr — Ay^'>-. L-ggdß made, cm be had by pay-
A^l^^^tWlL-f: Ins your money to elec.rio
J ' belt ••quacks" and travel-
*JffXa. i&SWte^Mr" ing "takers." For a nrst-
%■ <; Mr ' class article at a reasonable
-ii.iff ' price write or call for free
v*> . ■ copy of our new book. i»K.
PIERCE & SOX, 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearny,
. Mcoad, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.
£? OPIUM
The pur« essential extract from the native dreg- Con-
talus nil the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
■without 'ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach;
no Tomltlng; no costiveneag ,no headache. Alt Druggists.
V^DEWEY&CO.,f^
aJPEWEY&CO.^gf^
PATENTS! J
_JB2p MARKET ST.SJ^6SBr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RH-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD & CO.
European plan. . ■ Kooms 500 to (1 50 per day, 92
to $8 per weeic, $8 to 30 per montn: free bailu;
hoi and cold water every room: lire untied ii
every room: elevator runs all night •
jggjafegkayigar wuluox compound
TFansyopills
•««,>v,« Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Talc*
i •OBODstttute. Forealebvalldrucgists. Send
| Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U»E DA.IIIASA BITTKKS, TH*
great Mexican i-Umetly; siv«» H>aith »*4
fetrtiigu* to the b«xwa Or«aa»
NOTARY PUBLIC.no_textfreshment stations when exercising on the
roads possibly McAuliffe may get into
condition for a 10-round contest," con
tinued the great master of ceremonies.
McAuliffe came very near whipping
Slavin in England, and as the latter is now
said to be a complete back number Joseph
should stand a fair chance of turning the
tables on Patrick Francis.
The proposed ten-round contest be
tween George Green (Young Corbett) ana
Bob McAribur, the clever amateur, is off
for the present. Green did not care to box
McArthur for a *mall purse and refused
tne offer. The Olympic- Club will try to
arrange a ten-round contest between
George and Bob for the open entertain
ment at the Pavilion next month.
Lavigne, who is now in this country, will
be open for an engagement after he has
had an opportunity of visiting his rela
tives.
ATHLETIC.
The Emmet Football Club Will Hold
Its Annual Field Day
To-morrow.
A wrestling match between Al Lean, the
professional, and Jack Williamson of the
Acme Athletic Club has been arranged.
It will take place September 4, and the
conditions are that Lean to win must
throw his opponent five times within an
hour. The consideration is $50 a side.
De W T itt Van Court, formerly boxing in
structor of the Acme Club, will leave for
Los Angeles on tbe 23th inst. to accept a
position with the Los Angeles Athletic
Club.
The West Berkeley Athletic Club has
been organized with twenty-two members.
The elected officers are: George Phillips,
president; Louis Borkheim, vice-presi
dent; Andrew Andrews, secretary;
Ihomas Williams, recording secretary)
and Samuel Fisher, treasurer.
A board of directors will be named at
the nezt meeting. Arrangements will be
made for a benen" t, to be given on July 25
at Sisterna Hall.
The ciub starts out modestly by renting
tbe large barn of H. W. Taylor for ne»d
quarters. This will be remodeled and fit
ted up as a first-class gymnasium.
The Manhattan Athletic Cluo has
elected officers for the ensuing year asiol
lows: President, Thomas Cussidy; vice
president, A. Barkbeim; recording secre
tary, Sam Gray; financial secretary. A.
Murphy; treasurer, J. Riley; captain, J.
Killeen; marshal, H. Smith; trustees F.
C. Muller, William Herbert, J. Riley. J.
Linehan, R. McCrosson.
The club has made arrangements for a
grand exhibition, which will be held on
the evening of July -7 in its gymnasium,
1749 Mission street.
The Emmet Football Club will hold its
annual games contest to-morrow at
fcchuetzen Park, San Rafael. The pcinc -
val events, which are open to all competi
tors, are as follows:
100-yard race for valuable prizes for
first and second winner; 2^o-yard race,
400-yard race, and mile race, same condi
tions; running hop, step and jump; long
jump; high jump; throwing the 56 and 16
pounds weiglit, and football-piace kicKing,
brsides numerous races for boys and girls.
There will also be a grand tug of war
between the Knights of the Reel Branca
Rifles and Emmets for $100 a Bide (on
cleats).
R. C. O'Connor will take charge of all
the athletic events.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Game Booming In the North.
Echoes From Other Fields.
By all accounts the game is flourishing
in the north. On the glorious Fourth As
toria played Multnomah, and was defeated
by 34 runs. Charley Lawrence, the ex-
Alameda crackajack, captained the con
quering team, and made 58 not out.
T. J. A. Tiedemann, the Pacific's treas
urer, has been in Portland trying to ar
range a match between his club and the
Muitnomahs. He is reported to have
been greatly impressed with tiie M. A. A. C.
grounds and clubhouse.
To-day the Multnomah men are to play
an eleven of middies selected from the
ships in port. The lads have been
coached during the week by W. Kerr
Scott, and the event is to be a society
affair.
The English inter-county competition
waxes warm as the season progresses,
fcurry, in spite of their recent win over
Yorkshire, are still in the second pjace.
The position of the four leading teams ia
now as follows:
Played. Won. Lost. Drawn. Points.
Yorkshire li 4 3 4 8
Surrey 15 Yl 'Z 1 io
Middlesex 7 5 11 4
Lancashire...... 10 3 2 0 ti
In the last Gloucestersnire-Somerset
match Champion W. Gr. Grace made 18G in
the first inning. The same day, in the
Oxford vs. Cambridge event, his son, W.
G. Jr., acheived a pair of spectacles. In
this match, by the way, considerably ad
verse comment was raised by the queer
peneralship of the Cambridge captain,
Frank Micbell, in ordering his bowlers at
a critical stage of the game to send down
no balis, in order to increase the Oxford
score beyond the "follow on 1 ' point.
£uch tactics would not be tolerated in
California.
On the 2d inst. the Australians defeated
Yorkshire. Scores, 475 — 235. Their bowl
ing and tieldine was superb. This made
the ninth success of their tour. They
have lost three events and drawn three.
To-morrow: Pacifies vs. Californias, at
Golden Gate. There will be no raatch on
the other ground. Umpire.
Coursiner.
The following dogs are entered for the
co ursing at Ingleside to-morrow:
T. Nunan's Revent vs. P. Riley'a Sam V
Ryan's Mollio Bawn vs. M. Traynor's Lee Boy
W. J. Shields' Little Brick vs. Larky & O'Con
nor's True Blue. D. Tolan's Flremnn vs. W
Dutton's Sally McClean, J. MtCorkar's Snow
vs. J. Sexsmith's Fearless, R. McCabe's King
< arlo vs. J. Rivers' Don Quixote, Crcwiin <t Mc-
J)onala> Best Trump vs. h. Chilla's Happy
I>av, J. R. Kickson's Gold Dust vs. W. Creamer's
< ajuain Jim, Croiiin d* McDonald's Reliance
v *- ?; y ' s Free Sliver - W. J. Shielda' climax
vs. H. H. Devine's Gov. Jim, George Wattson'B
Beliaont vs. M.Tieruan's Belle of Moscow T
Butler's Susio vs. P. Ryan's Magpie, J s'ex
jmith's Mission Boy vs. Cronin <fc McDonald's
I.i.osak. M. Tlernan's Tom Hayes vs. J Tracv'g
Cmp, F. Shallard's 1 Wonder vb. D. Toiand's
Jack, W. Dalton's Riley Grannan vs D
Tiveedy'sDobllnbtoui.
Handball.
The following are the games arranged
by Phil Ryan of the San FrancißCo court
for to-morrow:
R. Murnhy and M. Edwards vß.v B . J. Cbllinßand
V>. Stansbury, p. Kelly and J. McEwly vb. J
BUttery and William Kelly. P. HulchinsoS and
Al Pennoyer, G. McDonald and M. McNeil,
John Rlordan (coast champion) and John
Peeney vs. T. F. Bonnet and P. Donnelly (ama
teur champion^
NEW COUNTY IXHIBIT.
San Lull Obispo Represented, at the
State Board of Trade. .
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade has received the following letter:
Hon. J. A. Filcher, Secretary State Board of
Trade, San Francitcn — Deab bin: I am pleased
to Elate to you tnat the hoard of Supervisors of
this county, by resolution adopted Thursday,
July 9, agreed to assist Immigration by put
ting an exhibit in your rooms, and lor that
purpose have appropriated the sum of $15 to
be paid monthly to your board; and the fur
ther Bum of $50 to be expended in getting tne
exhibit together and paying for a "show"
table on which to place our exhibit. ,
The Commissioners appointed are:.' E. A. At
wood.San Luis Obispo; A. J. Hudson, Tem
pleton; R. Dodson, Cambria; W. H. Findley,
Arroyo Grande. Respectfully. I".
John W. Licheb, Clerk of Board.'
This exhibit will be quite an acquisition
to the Board of Trade rooms, and will con
sist probably of dairy products, vegetaDles,
' Bsphaltum ana building atones. ;
A Deserted Baby.
omcer Phclan found a girl baby on the door
steps at 308 Fifth street yesterday afternoon.
He took the little one, which was ».bout one
month old, to the Receiving Hospital. The
baby was sent from there to Mount St. Joseph's
orphan Asylum. No one taw the heartless
parent or parents leave the child oathe stops.
MAY THOMPKINS
SAFE AND HAPPY.
Her Father Took Her Away
and Has Begun Suit for
Divorce.
KEEPS HER IN HIDING.
He Says Cigarmaker Samuel
Oppenheimer Stole His Wife
From Him.
A MEXICO MINER'S STORY.
Found Them Living Together in Ala
meda, and Says the Child Was
Poorly Dressed.
T. W. Thompkins made a statement
yesterday to a Call reporter in which he
admitted that he took his 10-year-old
daughter, May, away from her mother's
home in Alameda the day before. He
also becan suit for divorce from his wife,
who is known in Alameda as Mrs. Oppen
heimer.
Mr. Thompkins tells the story of a
wronged husband. It goes back three
years and covers a good deal of territory.
Three years ago he went to Mexico to en
gage in the mining business. "Two years
ago I returned," said he, "and found my
wife rooming at a house on Geary street,
while a masculine friend of hers had a
room across the hall. When I found her
there I intended to get a divorce, but
finally decided to overlook the matter for
the sake of our liitle girl. 1 found her a
home in the family of Samuel Oppen
heimer at San Jose and returned to
Mexico. 1 have sent her money regularly
since I have been in Mexico.
"Oppenheimer is a cigarmaker. He
worked in Seattle before coming here. It
was not long alter my return to Mexico
that I heard Oppenheimer's wife nad left
him and that tbe only woman in the
house was my wife. A week ago last Mon
day I returned to San Francisco. I am
now in the gold and silver mining busi
ness for myself at San Dimas, Mexico. My
wife supposed that I thought she was still
living in San Jose, but I found out that
she and Oppenheimer left there about four
months ago, and have been living in Ala
meda.
"I did not know where she was whea I
first arrived here," he went on, "and em
ployed a detective to find her. Besides
this, I have learned that they registered at
the Lewis House in "Watsonville, about
ten months ago, as Mr. and Mrs. Oppen
heimer. I went over to Alameda day be
fore yesterday with Attorney Van Nos
trand, who served the papers in the di
vorce ca;<e. When he addressed her at
the door she said she was Mrs. Oppen
heimer. While I was standing some dis
tance away little Mary came out of the
bakery. Seeing me she ran up and put
her arms around my neck and kissed me.
She was poorly dressed. » I told her to
come with me, and she came right along.
"I have spont between $30 and $60 in
buying her new clothes. She is in a secure
and a comfortable place now and is happy.
I have never been served with a summons
for divorce by ray wife, and if she has
secured a divorce 1 do not Know it. I am
conli lent she has not. Tbe reason I took
the child is tiiat I heard my wife and Op
penheimer were coing to Seattle. I shall
not return to Mexico sill my suit for
divorce is decided."
In taking the child Mr. Thompkins acted
on the advice of his attorneys, Judge W.
H. ijeyy and Joseph P. Kelly. Mrs. Od
penheimer has applied to Chief of Police
Crowley to recover the child for her, but
Attorney Kelly says the Chief can do
nothing, as the case is a civil one.
Attorney Van Nostrand said that when
he served the papers on Mrs. Thompkins
she said she had been expecting them, but
did not think they would come so soon.
PARADE PREPARATIONS,
Elaborate Decorations Along the
Line of the Bicycle
March.
Large Banners Illuminated and Bear
ing Suggestive Legends Hang
on the Corners.
The committee on the bicycle parade and
jollification on Folsom street, which will
take place on the 25th inst., is making
elaborate preparations for that event.
The illumination and decoration will be
both original and effective. A banner will
be hung across Folsom street, at the inter
section of Eighth, which will be 8x25
feet in size. On this will be the legend in
large characters
"inBSH FOLSOM STREET.' 1
In front of it will be placed five electric
lights.
At the corner of Market and Eighth
streets a similar banner will be hung,
bearing on the Eighth-street side, "Finish j
Folsom street," and on the side toward
Market, "Ilepaye Market street." Ten
electric lights will be hung to illuminate
this banner.
A cold medal will be awarded to the
best mounted aid to tbe grand marshal,
and a prize will be given to the most
unique and original idea to illustrate the
difference between the bitumen pavement
and the cobbles. This must not be in the
nature of a float.
Much dissatisfaction has been engen
dered along the lower part of Folsom
street, owing to the fact that the proces
sion will not go farther down than Sixth
street. The committee states the reason
for this is because the bicycles could not
ride over the cobble-paved portion of Fol
som etreet south of Sixth.
A prize is offered by the South Side peo
ple, independent of the parade, for tbe
Lest decorated house along the line of
march. The City officials have been in
vited, and will receive a special invita
tion not only to be in the parade but to
deliver short addresses indorsing the
movement for good streets.
W. L, Williamson has offered to provide
twelve handsome saddle-horses free of
charge for the use of the Supervisors in
the parade.
LIABILITY OF CARRIERS.
Not Responsible for Ignition of Powder
When Damage by Fire Is Exempted.
In the appeal in the case of the Cali
fornia Powder Works vs. tbe Atlantic and
Pacitic Railroad Company, the judgment
of the lower tribunal in favor of the de
fendant corporation has been affirmed by
the Supreme Court.
It appears that a carload of giant powder,
property of the appellant, was being con
veyed over the appellee's railway line
through Arizona. The powder exploded,
killing two men, destroying th« car in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
which it was placed and wrecking two
others. The powder company sought to
be reimbursed for the loss of the powder,
a claim which the railway company re
fused to admit, owing to a provision in the
shipping contract exempting it from lia
bility for damage by "tire from any cause
whatsoever." This view was sustained by
the inferior tribunal, as was also the au
thority of an employe of tbe plaintiff cor
poration to Bhip the powder under the
conditions recited in the contract. It was
held that the powder company could not
recover the value of the powder, and this
ruling the Supreme Court has confirmed.
STAND FOR PROTECTION
I The Austrian-American McKlnley Club
Urges an Early Regis
tration.
The Austrian-American McKinley Club
met last nicht at its headquarters at 25
Turk street, Jf. Morreno presiding. Secre
tary Jamee J. Feeiy read ihe communica
tion from the State Committee in regard
to registration, and strongly urged all citi
zens who had any fealty for-Republican
faith and principles to register as quickly
as possible. He was followed by Henry
A. Williams, who voiced the same senti
ment, and further advised all good Repub
licans to tirst protect themselves as Amer
ican citizens from the evil and aad influ
ences of foreign pauper labor.
P. Bokanza, Colonel W. E. Peck, M.
Mortijia, James F. Kavanajrh, L. Sturiza,
J. W. Ryan and A. Gagre in short speeches
urged all present to stand by McKinley
and the great principles of protection. A
strong resolution presented by James J.
* eely, indorsing the action of the County
Committee in increasing its membership,
and thereby showing its interest in the
welfare of the entire people, was heartily
i approved. The evening was enlivened
with songs and recitations by W. Kid Nel
son, Eugene Weiner and W. R. Street.
AFTER EASTERN METHODS
Temporary Pcstoffice Where
Cars Can Be Utilized to
Carry Mail.
A Brief Description of the Form and
Accommodations of the New
Building.
Under the supervision of Howard C-
Holmes, chief engineer of the Harbor
Commissioners, the temporary Postoffiee
site at the foot of Market street is begin
ning to take on the appearance of a per
manent ouilding. The more substantial
parts of the framewoik are now in posi
tion and the finer details will be begun
soon.
The structure is in the shape of a trape
zoid, cacti side and the lower base which
fronts toward the bay being 140 feet in
length. The upper base is only 28 feet in
length. Over it will be reared the clock
tower, the summit of which will be 56 feet
from the ground.
The area of the ground floor is 8000
The Temporary Postoffice, as It Will Appear From the North Elevation.
Square feet. On the upper floor a gallery
20 feet wide extends around the sides.
The triangle inclosed by the gallery is
equilateral, each side being about Of) feet.
This triangular space is inclosed by a
wired glass roof similar to that used in
the Parrott building. This roof, together
with the large number of windows, will
afford ample light. All the mail cases
will be in the gallery.
All In all the buildine i 9 intended to fol
low the plans of those in use in the East,
so that the streetcars can be utilized in de
livering the mail.
The spot chosen is the best to be had, as
several streetcar lines terminate close by.
BASEBALL.
Games to Be Played in This City
on Saturday and Bun
day.
There will as usual bo two games <k
ball played in this City to-morrow, one at
the Presidio grounds and one at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets. At the former place
the Californias and Pacifies will meet and
at the latter the new Oakland team will
play the San Francisco 3.
There will also be a game at the Folsom
street grounds this afternoon. Play will
not be called until 3 o'clock. Following
is the make-up of the teams for to-day's
game:
Sun Franclscos. Positions. Oakland*.
Beisel ; Comer field O'.Nt-m
«'«** ...Right field ::::::u; r die
*£*.. Shortstop. Ar i eu
bmlib -Second base Keating
Sweeney Third base ..Faroe?
Murphy First base ..Donovan
Cooney.. Pitcher. ......... °N O ™S
Killings Catcher. A Knew
Btapleton L*t field .V.'.V.VDavta
At the Sunday game the make-up of the
Oaklands will be the same as on Saturday
but Eber, Eiberg and Peters and Levev
will be substituted for Beisel, Coonev
Billings and Pfeifferof the San Francisco's.
The City League is in better shape now
than at any time this season. The three
teams are playing fast ball, and because of
the training and changes that have b«en
made the lovers of the game will be
treated to an exhibition to-morrow that
will be well worth witnessing. The Cali
fornias have secured a number of now
players and promise to make the Pacifies
keep up a good gait to keep near them
It has heretofore been a hard task' to
get good pitchers and. catchers, but that
difficulty has now been overcome and
Manager Rockwell promises that from
this time on no fault will be found on that
score.
Following is the make up of the teams
for Sunday: .
Hanf^d Slr- T322±
«^::::::::::::Kfev:;^r ; S
|^.::::::::-:::ffl a b^::::: ::: "S
fts£::EE£smfcr: SS
A Newspaper Thief.
William Kirchner wag arrested early thl«
mornine by Officer J. Hill for stealing a news
paper from the steps of F. N. Fahey of Fulton
street and Van Ncsa avenue. Mr. Fahey has
been miwlng papers for some time past.
Kirchner was wearing a special officer! star he
having nerved as a watchman at the Park fho
ster, which recently closed Its doors The
paper thief pleaded guilty and Judge Joacb-
Imseu suspended sentence and released the
man on his own recognizance because he has a
family dependent upon him.
Ninety-five thousand tons of American
apples are Imported into England every
year. J
GILLESPIE RAKES
THE DEMOCRACY.
He Enunciates His Convic
tions in No Uncer
tain Terms.
SORBY FOR THOMPSON.
The Secretary Says His Letter
Should Have Been Kept
Private.
SPEAKS OF GOLD AND SILVEB,
An Eloquent Plea for the People's
Party by One of Its Devoutest
Adherents.
A knot of political luminaries had gath
ered in the Palace Hotel courtyard just
after lunch yesterday • and were in the
miost of a deep and serious discussion as
to the merits of the respective Presiden
tial candidates, when who should come
along but Georee D. Gillespie, secretary of
the People's party County Committee and
State Executive Committee.
"Hello, George," called out one of the
group, "what do you think of the letter in
this morning's Examiner from A. W.
Thompson to T. V. Cator in reference to
the indorsement of Bryan for the Presi
dency by the People's party?''
"I think," answered Mr. Gillespie, draw
ing near and taking a comfortable oratori
cal position, "that Mr. Thompson made a
serious mistake in having his letter pub
lished. While it may have been difficult
for him to keep silent upon the subject of
destroying the People's party, and entirely
abandoning its most sacred principles, it
would have been better if he had sent his
letter in the usual way through the mail
to Mr. Cator at St. Louis, instead of eivinc
it to him second hand in the nature of
a stump speech through a newspaper.
"I feel sorry indeed to learn that Mr
Thomoson's mind does not run along the
same lines in regard to fusion, or, I might
more properly say, disorganization of tbe
People's party, as does the general opinion
in the County Committee.
"In 1892 some gentlemen undertook to
turn the People's party 01 San Francisco
into a non-partisan movement, and they
were sorely rebuked ; and I fancy after the
National convention there will be some
wno will wish they had kept quiet just a
little bit longer. In 1890 the People's
party took up the subject of free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1, and have ever since
been its constant champions, and made it >
possible to elect a President upon this j
issue in 1896."
"Hooray for Gillespie!" shouted a lusty
voice from tne crowd which had slowly
collected about the orator of the hour.
"Shut up and let him go on," com
manded the impromptu master of cere
monies, none other than Dr. Rottanzi, and
Mr. Giliespie proceeded:
"All through this long struggle the
Democratic party has ridiculed the Popu
lists as free-silver cranks, and in the
South they have practiced every low and
contemptible trick of ballot-stuffiing,
counting out and bulldozing known to 'de
push.' The Democratic party promised
many reforms to the people in 1892, and
has violated every obligation. Now they
are drifting apart and becoming com
pletely routed and demoralized. Their
general rides behind bis fast-retreating
army and shouts to the fast-approaching
] and charging Populists, 'Halt, ye Pops.
I we are for silver or anything else ia God's
world to save our lives.'
"Now it seems exceedingly strange to
me for men that we have honored with I
the duty of carrying our standard us Pres
idential Electors to turn face, and in the
most discourteous and unkind manner
say, 'We surrender.' Mr. Thompson ac
knowledges that fusion ia disastrous
to the People's party and may temporarily
destroy its autonomy, turning its young
strength to a revival of the corrupt and
dying Democracy.
"If the Democratic party is dying why
not let It die? The People's party can
take its place and give the people of the
United States not only free Bilver but
direct legislation, Government ownership
lof railroads and abolition of National
banks, giving in their place Government
banking. Tnen, aud not until then, will !
we have a Government for and by the
people.
"There has been no time in the history
of American politics when a party, once
disorganized and killed was rehabilitated
and made to carry the corntry for its
principles. Of course if the People's party
is killed the Socialist Labor party will
receive a great impulse, but not sullicient
to carry the country for many years to
come.
"In the meantime if the Democrats suc
ceed they are not competent to carry even
the free coinage of silver for the reason
that they are divided against themselves.
No matter what their platform is the party
is j-till in t.'.'> i ands of the same old
machine, whirb naturally fits in the same
old groove. In the East they will elect gold
Democrats to Congress where they elect
any at all. When they hold their caucus
to elect the Speaker of the House they
will have another big row and a split.
The gold men will join the .Republicans
and elect Czar Reed, and he will appoint
none but gold men on the important com
mittees, and it will be exceedingly diffi
cult to get a free-coinage bill reported to
the llou«e.
"No! The Democratic party will never
do. What we want is the People's party
that is imbued with principles as illumi
nary as a middty summer sun. And not
only looks the same but is the same in the
north, south, east and west.
"Yes, the People's party is really a big
ger party to-day than the Democratic
party, and by actual count has more votes
than the latter when its gold votes are
eliminated. Therefore I think it would be
better for the Democratic party to indorse
our entire platform and candidates if it is
really a question of principle with them
and not of offices as they now claim.
"As far as Mr. Cator is concerned I know
whereof I speak when I say that he is no
double-barreled fusionite, but a straight,
middle-of-the-road Populist, and has no
such word in his vocabulary as 'surren
der.' "
And the crowd cheered the genial George
to the echo.
OVERWORKING HIS MEN.
A Complaint Plied W ith the Labor Com
missiouer Against Contractor
>I nrjihy at tbe Presidio.
Martin Xightwine, employed by Con
tractor Murphy, who has taken the con
tract from the Government to reclaim the
marsh lands at the Presidio, filed a com
plaint yesterday with Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald, stating that the contractor is
working his men ten hours & day. "This
is in direct violation of his contract," said
Deputy Dam yesterday. "We have no
jurisdiction over Federal work, but we
will notify the quartermaster's depart
ment of the state of affairs, who are un
aware that tbe men are working longer
than eight hours. The department is
very much in favor of the eight-hour sys
tem, and it is likely that it may cost Con
tractor Murphy dearly for violating his
contract in this" manner."
The reports from the trade unions re
quired l>v the Labor Commissioner have
been received from nearly every locality
in the State except San Francisco. The
Commissioner has written to every county
Assessor in the State to forward a copy of
the report he sends the Board of Equaliza
tion. These reports are not coming in
fast enough. Thirty-eight counties have
filed statements of the articles of incor
poration filed with them last year.
In the employment office business is
getting very brisk, an average of thirty
men being sent out daily.
Three big. ditch contracts have been
awarded in the mountain mines, and large
numbers of men *re being sent to this
locality. A order came down to the bureau
for forty woodcutters, at wages from $1 25
to $1 50 a day.
This year there have been less fruitr
pickers required than ever before. Hop
pickers also have been little in demand.
DROP IN ASSESSMENTS,
Outside Lands South of the
Park Cut Nearly a
Third.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Asking for a
Reduction on the Valuation
of Theii Property.
The Board of Supervisors sitting as the
Board of Equalization determined yester
day to finish up its business and report to
the State board on Monday.
Mr. Benjamin made a motion for an
extension of ten days, but afterward with
drew it.
The business before the board was
greatly reduced by the statement;made by
Deputy Assessor Briggs that the assess
ment on nearly all the lands south of the
park was excessive. The valuation, he
said, had been based on sales made several
years ago. There have been no sales
lately and nothing to base the valuation
upon, and in the hurry of the early part of
the year to fix the valuation and to get
ready for the levy the valuation had been
fixed as stated. He thought it an error of
Judgment tnat sh ould be corrected.
Mayor Sutro was present, and before the
Deputy Assessor nad been beard from
made a statement to the effect that tbe
va 1 nation was excessive and thought a cut
of 50 per cent was about right.
The board reduced the assessment 30 per
cent. A great many applications had
been filed for reductions from this district
and this general cut shortens up the busi
ness considerably. A reduction had been
made for a large part of the district and
the Deputy Assessor's suggestion applies
to property lying west of Jurat and Forty
ninth avenues and between M and W
streets.
Ex-Judge R. Y. Hayne appeared before
the board asking for a reduction of tbe
$32,000 assessment on the furniture in the
Farrott residence, at 517 Sutler street
The assessment last year was $5000, and
the Assessor, on the ground that there
bad not been a full return last year, nad
made an assessment for t at also to the
amount of $28,000. This Air. Hayne de
clared was unlawful. He believed there
had been no concealment of property.
Mr. Pease, the asent of the property,
being callad said that the property was
bought in 1669 for $12,000. It was furni
ture originally purchased by Mr. O'Brien
during the bonanza times and was over
fifteen years old.
Assistant Assessor Herzer said that a
large portion of the furniture had not been
reported for assessment and the new as
sessment represented the real value of the
whole as well as the property omitted last
year. He said the house was one of the
most richly furnished ones in the City,
the furniture having oeeu made to order
in New Yortr. and was worth $75,000.
The assessment was readjusted at $10,
-000 and the omissions of last year — chiefly
pictures — at $2000.
Following were other applications for
reduction of assessments: London & San
Francises Bank, from $1,262,260 to $144,900;
First National Bank of ban Francisco,
from $677,355 to $3000; Wells, Fargo & Co.,
from $3,»46,032, to $833,996.
ASK A CONFERENCE.
Milkinon Want Financial Relief for the
Killing of Their Cows by Health
Authorities.
Tbe Board of Health received a letter
from the Milkmen's Association yesterday
asking that a special meeting of the board
be called for the purpose of a conference
with the milkmen. ■ Since the result of the
test of the cows at the Swiss Alpine dairy
was made public consternation has reigned
among the ranchers.
Shouid the Buumann Brothers lose
thirty out of their herd of fifty-eight cows
it means bankruptcy to them, and many
others feel that their fate may bo similar
unless some provision is made for remu
nerating them for the cows killed. It is
with this idea in view that they de
sire a meeting wiih the health authorities.
The matter will not end here, however,
for the dairymen have determined on an
appeal to the next Legislature for relief
and pay for tbe cows mat are killed, and
Urn National legislators may even be
asked to pass laws for the relief of those
who suffer lo3S through the tests of health
authorities.
S. LAZAR'S FINANCIERING.
A Mnderu Judge Prevented His Return
to This City as a Prisoner.
On July 15 two warrants were sworn out
for the arrest of Sol Lazar, on complaint
of Charles R. Haven, for obtaining goods
by false pretenses.
The comnlaiut states that Lazar went to
Murphy, Grant & Co. and represented
that he was a merchant at Grass Valley
and had $11,000 worth of stock, besides
$8500 clear of all debts. Upon tins repre
sentation he purchased a bill of goods
amounting to $855. He told the same story
to Steinberger, Kalisher & Co. and ob
tained goods worth $159. These were
shipped to Grass Valley, and then by
Lazar reshipped to Madera.
The warrant? were placed in the hands
of Policeman Wren, who arrested Lazar in
Madera, but the officials of that place be
lieved that some mistaKe had been made,
so the Superior Judge ot Madera released
Lazar on" $3000 bonds, and Officer Wren
waß obliged to return without his pris
oner, but he has the bonds which the ma
dera Judge accepted.
LEPERS BUOYED
WITH NEW HOPE,
The Goto Remedy Inspires
Them to Live
Again.
NO LONGER HEARTSORE.
Burning of the Skin Disappears
Under the Strange
Medicine.
IMPROVEMENT IS NOTICED.
Dr. A. P. O'Brien, the City PhysiciaD,
Says That the Patients Feel
Better.
The Japanese drugs, familiarly known
as the "Goto remedy" for leprosy, have
come like a ray of warm sunshine to the
cheerless, hopeless leper hospital on
Twenty-sixth street. It 13 now little more
than two weeks since this novel factor in
medicine was applied to the lepers of San
Francisco's Pesthouse, and already new
life ha 3 come to Ihe unfortunate lepers.
The one absorbing topic of conversation is
the Goto cure. Its praises are spoken on
the steps of the miserable shed, where the
lepers are imprisoned, in half a dozen dif
ferent languages, and the patient sufferers
themselves betray their feelings in the
brightness of eye and lightness of spirit to
which they were long strangers.
The utter abandon of hope was even
more dreadful than tbe very loathsome
ness of their disease, bnt now a new hope
has inspired them to dreams of recovery,
to live again in the sunshine and be part
of the world itself. For some of them as
sert that the remedy has eased the con
stant burning peculiar to their affliction,
and otherwise alleviated the multitudi
nous pains. Even more, under the influ
ences the process of healing has begun to
show itself.
Dr. A. P. O'Brien, City Physician, paid an
official visit to the leper hospital yester
day. The lepers greeted him with smiles,
for they were all happy and apparently
contented.
In reply to his questions as to how the
Goto remedy acted on them they said it
had done them much good so far. And
their faces, cruelly distorted and in many
cases revolting, beamed with the relief of
encouragement it afforded.
"They claim to be a great deal more
comfortable," remarked Dr. O'Brien.
"Is it not imagination?"
"No, not altogether. In two cases in
particular, the worst cases by the way, tu
bercular leprosy, the patients claim that
the sensation of burning of feet and differ
ent portions of tbe skin has been relieved.
All patients seem to think that their appe
tites have improved and they feel more or
less invigorated. Of course it is too soon
to say if there is any change. They claim
only an extremely palliative effect for the
remedy, but not a cure. All the nodular
conditions of the skin are disappearing. I
must fray they do not appear as angry as
before. To get a thorough idea of its effi
ciency it takes three or four months' steady
application. Old Annie says she is going
to get well and is delighted over the pros
pects."
Lena Grimm, the young girl from Ukiah
who was received at" the hospital last Sun
day, has settled down to her dreary life in
her living prison. She appeared stoical
about her affliction yesterday, but felt de
pressed over parting "with her father, who
spent an hour at the Pesthouse before
leaving for his ranch in Mendocino County.
Lena did not know of the Goto remedy,
which may not be tried in her case as the
present supply is too small for general use.
For an experiment, however, it is being
carefully used on several patients, and the
results are watched with interest.
BANK OF CAMPBELLS.
A License Granted Yesterday by the
Bank Commissioners.
The Bank Commissioners yesterday
granted a license for the establishing of a
banking concern- at tbe little town of
Campbells, situated a few miles to the
southwest of San Jose, in Santa Clara
County.
The house will be known as the "Bank
of Campbells," and is organized as a com
mercial bank, with an authorized capital
of $50,000. $25,000 of which has been sub
scribed. The bank will be opened August
1. The officers are: Samuel F. Cooper,
president; Benjamin Campbell, vice
/ Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon the
vital powers, the direct cause of thousand's of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varicocele in
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of
j the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow-
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of its
terrible effect until the awful work is done — the whole
I ■.nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood destroyed. Doctors have tried
every known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually
j given it up with the advice that it will not be a serious matter.
I But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
[physical wrecks it has caused. : But it can be cured by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
' SAN FRANCISCO, June 18, 18981
TO THOSE SUFFERING FROM VARICOCELE :—
I.would like to add my testimony to numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a No. 7 Belt from Dr. Sanden about the first ol
April, which I used according to directions, and after three months' trial I am happy
to state that my varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing, has almost entirely
disappeared, and the veins and parts are almost normal. I take great pleasure in
recommending this belt to any one suffering from a like trouble.
- Respectfully yours, WM. E. JOHNS,
. ,  , 1139 Market Street
i&Lttofojggfc ' There is riot another remedy in the world
df£^ Mjfff#E^fi to-day which has received the favorable men-
S^msAHomin^M on that as been given Dr. Sanden's Elec-
yßjfi&Jg&Jfi&Ol^ trie Belt. In many forms of disease and
weakness in both men and women it ha&
proven effective and deserves a trial. Full
information and price list in the book, "Three Classes of Men/i
free. Call or address \ .
»-A.3Xr3OES2NT ELECTRIC 00.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO^
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
' • OF7IOBS AT—
IX)8 ANGELES, CAI« ; ■>°Wte\W£Bß£&g?-' : : PORTLAND, OR.
•M fcoiub Broadway. r 4' 853 Washington atnet
president; John T. Duncan, casniec. The
directors: A. James, F. W. Righter, W. W.
Turney. W. P. Cragin, R. K. Thomas, P.
G. Keith, C. D. Cutting, S. G. Rodeck and
S. A. Moulton.
Campbells lies in the center of the richest
fruit district of the Santa Clara Valley,
and its citizens are nearly all the owners
of large fruit ranches.
FOUR PERMITS GRANTED
Boxing: Exhibitions to Be Given by the
Olympic and Occidental Clubs
Soon.
The Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors heard the argu
ments of several organizations desiring
permits for boxing entertainments yester
day, and granted a number, refusing
others.
The Olympic Club was given permits for
two dates, the first to be the 31st inst.,
when three eight-round goes are to be de
rided. The second will take place at the
Pavilion on a date not yet settled.
When the application of the Occidental
Club came up for two permits — one in Au
gust ana another in September — Super
visor Dimond opposed them vigorously,
saying that the Smith-Gallagher exhibi
tion given under the auspices of the club
was a disgrace, and that the organization
should not be allowed a chance to re
peat it.
The other members thought that the
club, particularly as it guaranteed $270 to
charity, should be given a chance, and
overruled Mr. Diraoud. The application
of the Phcenix Club was denied.
Supervisor Taylor's ordinance closing
all saloons at 12 o'clock at night went over
for two weeks.
Salt for Services.
Marie Boland has sued the estate of P. B.
Hewlett for $520, said to be due for services
rendered as nurse during the illness of de
ceased.
ALL GOES TO CHARITY.
The Profits Derived From the
Celebration of the Fall of
the Bastile.
The Police Force Fund for Widows
and Orphans Will Come in for
Some Benefit
The celebration of the one hundred and
seventh anniversary of the Fall of the
Bastile will benefit charitable societies to
the extent of about $1500.
The finance committee, consisting of P.
A. Bergerot, J. Lambla and J. Bayle, as
well as Treasurer J. Godeau, have been
hard at work for two days gathering in
the receipts from outside ticket-sellers.
The total receipts so far are a fraction
under $2500, out of which bills amounting
to nearly $1000 will have to be paid.
As soon as these liabilities are all in and
audited by the finance committee they
will be liquidated, and on to-night week
the general committee will vote on which
charities (and in what amounts) will be
benefited.
The usual donation to the fund for the
widows and orphans of the Police Depart
ment wiil be made.
La Societe de Bienfaisance dcs Dames
Francaise will receive the major part of
the surplus. It is really the only out-and
out charitable oreanization among the
French, Mrs. Sylvain Weiil being its presi
dent.
An appropriation is also to be made to
ward the fund established to provide for
the poor members of the French Hospital
Society in the event of their falling short
in hospital fees when sick.
L'Alliance Francaise, that organization
founded that the French language might
be taught gratis to the children in the
public schools, will likewise receive a
share of the money spent by patriotic
Frenchmen and their American friends.
NEW TO-DAr. :;.
s^ Cure
Consumption
hl ""'^ and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absolute
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
: tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all j Conditions of Wasting
Away. V By its timely use. thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and make
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A.Slocum.M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.
We pnblish the Doctor's letter In full for the benefit of
our readers. There will be no mistake In semlinj?—
: mistake will bo in overlooking the generous offer— Etk
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE JIAUKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat firmer. Barley weaker.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Beans lower and dull.
Hay rather weaker. .
Potatoes aud Onions lower.
> Butter continues to improve.
Eggs and Cheese firm.
Vegetables unchanged.
Fruits about the same.
Dried Fruil dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs weaker.
Twenty failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20
failures, for the Pacific Coast .States and Territories
lor the week ending yesterday as compared with 9
for the previous week and 11 for the corresponding
vi eeK or 1895. The failures are divided among the
irades as follows: i groceries. 1 soap manufac
turer. 1 manufacturer sweepers. 1 seeds, 1 dry
poods, .i liquors, 1 traits, 1 hutcher. Si General
storf». 1 furniture company, 1 sawmill. 1 shoes, 1
.National bank, 1 State buuk, 1 private bank «nd 1
men's furnishing ■■■. ~ii ;i'j~.
Kipianstlnn.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figure*
a' station .ndicae muxlruum temperature for the
days* "-lioh* 1 underneath it, if any, the amount of
raintall. of melted snow in inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isoburs, or solid
l;n>*s. contifCt pom s of equal air pressure: ieo
therms or dotted lines, equal tempTnture. The
word "hich" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
nferi to icw pressure. an«l is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
coast. \\'h«-n ihe pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "l>.w" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of ort-Ron is improb
able. With a "high" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure fa'.linc to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Uxitkd States I'kpaktjcej»t of AenicuT/-
TfRK, Weather Bureau, San Francisco, July
17. 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60. Fresno 104. San Diego 78, Red Bluff
102. !~an Luis Obispo 78, Yuma 106, ban Francisco
63, Los Angeles 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63
minimum 54, and mean 58.
Tbe Dressure continues low over California,
Nevada and the country north- There has been a
slight rise in pressure during the past twenty-four
hours over Montana. .From Washington to Lower
California the pressure is below the normal, and
there has been during tbe past twelve hours a
further fall in this area. The conditions are favor
able for fair weather Inland, but or cloudy and
threatening weather along the coast from Enreka
south.
a thunderstorm Is reported at Salt Lake City,
and rain has fallen in Eastern Arizona.
Tbe temperature has remained about stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky Moun
tains, with tbe exception of Eastern Washington,
where it hut fallen slightly. Throughout Wash
ington, Oregon and Idaho the temperatures are
from 5 >o 15 degrees above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, Jmy 18.1896:
Northern California — fVioudy and threatening
weather, especially along the coast; continued
high temperature Inland: fresh southwesterly
wind along the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday morning;
continued warm weather inland; high westerly
wind along tbe coast.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
Utah— Cloudy and threatening Saturday; con
tinued warm weather.
Arizona — Thunderstorms In the eastern portion
early Saturday morning; fair Saturday; continued
warm weaiher.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and threat
ening weather in the moraine; fair Saturday;
light westerly winds, increasing In force in the
afternoon. Alexander G. McAdie,
.Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAUKtIS.
Financial.
PFW YORK. N. V.. July 17.— There was a
material falling off in the dealings at the Stock
Exchange to-day, the total sales footing up only
240,700 shares. The opening was generally firm,
London houses having bought moderate amounts
of Issues listed abroad, such as St. Paul and Louis
ville. A drive at the Industrials followed and this
destroyed the good feeling, Sugar, Tobacco,
Leather preferred and Chicago Gas fell 6/ @]y a
per cent under cressure. The general railway list
also ran off, partly in sympathy with the break in
the Industrials and partly because the favorable
rumors circulated late yesterday failed to mate
rialize.
A rally in Government bonds, the new fours
show ine a recovery of 1% pit cent from yester
day's lowest point, and the fac: that the engage
ment of $2,000,000 of gold for shipment to Europe
did not lead to lresh selling o: long stocks, set the
sbor:s to covering. In the afternoon session theie
was a lair amount 01 buying .to cover contracts.
.New York Central, which sold at 9J esterday, to
day brought 94. There are other, standard stocks
which are heavily oversold and it needs but a lit
tle courage on the part ot the bulls to bring about
a sharp rally in the standard issues. . •
In the last hour Sugar, which had sold up to
105% from 103%, ran off to 101 14 on the an
nouncement that the price of reiii.ed will be re
duced. This led to realizations, and the early rise
of %@*/i per cent was ue:ierally lost. Speculation
dO3t-u barely steady: net changes as a rule show
losses of Vd'S'l 1/*1 /*- Louisville and Nashville and
New YorK central gained 8/8&1& per cent,
I Bonds were higher: bales were $1,^25,000.
Kansas and Texas seconds rose 1 to 54; Atchison
fours. 1% to 74%: Louisville, New Albany and
Chlcaeo consolidated sixes brought 89 against 66
last week.
The Government boud market was generally
firmer: $38ti,000 coupon fours of 1925 sold at 113
©1141/4; $10,000 registered fours of 1907 at 106 V*:
*4U,000 coupon lives at 111%.
llPj < rain.
. FLOUR— Weak. dull. Winter wheat, low grades
$1 TO®'-' 60: do fair to fancy, $3 40@3 40; do
patents. $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, f^4t'et'J 30
-do straights, $3 95@3 40: 00 patents, $3 J6®4*
low extra. $1 70@j 60: city mills, $3 90; do
patents, $4(0.4 25; Southern flour unchanged
easy; rye Hour, quiet, easy, .unchanged. ■ -
COKNMKAL — Quiet, steady. Yellow Western.
$2 05@a 10: Brandy wine. $2 16.
RV Western. 37Vj®38c
BARLEY— DuII; 49- lb sucks quoted 32c.
ItARLKY MALT— Western. 48@53c.
■ WHEAT— DuII, firmer with tbe West; f. 00..
63»/4c; ungraded red, 58®66c: No. 2 Northern!
65c.
Options fairly active and firm at %@%c ad
vance, following the West, better late cables and
local covering. September and December most
active. July. b'2i/ 4 c: August, 623^c: beptember."
63c: October, 63% c; December, 66c.
CORN— DuII, . firmer: .no. 2, 333/.C elevator
-343/gc afloat.
1 Optio -8 were dull and firm at . Vi<i£VsC advance
on bullish West, firmer cables and local covering.
Seutember only traded in. July, ;-<33/.c: Sop*
tember. 33y c; October, 34% c. ■
OATS— DuII, firmer.
Options firmer, dull. July, 22c: September
213/ 4 c. .... • ,
> ( ot prices: No. 2. 213 /4 <js22c: No. 2 white,
23Vac; •■ >o. -2 , Chicago, , v;3c: No. 3. 21c; No.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW. YORK STOCKS.
V\ MtELoCK & CO., ;
•4: Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954. .
'■ KKAKCR OFFICE V *' ~ '
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. I'I'KUV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, H, F.
CHiOa.au PUIYAXE WI&& *«W Y0BK»
3 white, 22 a c: mixed Western. 22@23c;
white do, 24f#*7c: White State, 24@27c.
FEED BRAN— SO@S2%c
M i DDLINGS— 6VfaQiX*>C
BYE- 55c.
Provisions.
BEEF— steady:, unchanged. Beef bams,
dull; tierced beef, quiet; cut meats, fairly active,
steady; pickled b»llies, 4%c; do shoulders, 4y a
4i/ic; do hams. 9@loc.
Uhl)- Quiet. Western steam. $4 90; city,
1 $3 25; September, $3 85; refined, dull: continent,
$4 25; boutb American, $4 36: compound, 4@
4y 4 c.
PORK-Dull, easier. Old mess, $7 76@8 20: new
mess, .$8 60@8 75.
BUT 1 i; it— Fair demand, steady. State dairy, !
10@14%c: do creamer.-, Il%<aisc: Western
dairy, o(gil2c: do creamery, ll%#ll%c; factory.
15c: Klginß. 18c.
CHEESK — Quiet, steady. Large, 6yß@6*4c;
small, 6%@7c; part skims, 2@4%c: full skims,
l%c.
iiGGS— Quiet- State and Pennsylvania, HVa®
14c; Western fresh, ll@13c; do per case, $1 50
@2 40.
•I ALLOW— Steady. City, 3 S-16c; country, 3@
BVsc
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, easy. Crude, 20c; |
yellow, prime. 24c; off grade, 24c
HE- IN— steady, quiet, strained, common to
good, $1 6 Ml 6JV*-
TL'l.l'i M INK- Quiet, easy; 24%@26c
'TATOEs— Heavy receipts. -outDern, 30@66c. ]
KlCK— Steady, quiet. Domestic, fair to extra, ,
3@sVi.c; Japan, 4 Vie.
MOLASSES— Quiet, steady. New Orleans open
kettle. good to choice. 27@37c.
COFFEE— Quiet, 5 points up to 6 point* down.
July, 11 60: September. $)0 50: October, $10 10;
December. $9 90: January, $9 85; March, $9 80®
9 85; May, 99 76. Spot Rio, steady, dull; No.
7,12% c.
SUGAR- Raw, dull, unchanged. Fair refining,
2' 8 c .centri 1 neals 96 test. ,i 3 »c; refined, unchanged,
off A, 4Vi@4S/ 9 tt>; mold A, sc: standard A,
4%c:- confectioners' A. 4%c: cut ■ loaf 58/ ac;
crushed. sq%c: powdered, 6c; granulated, 4%c;
cubes, 6c.
Fruit and Prod ace.
APRICOTS— OId, Dags. 3 ®l2c: do new.
B%@9c.
p£a CHES— Peeled, V lb, 13@l4o: do nnpeeled.
7%a8%c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal: 5c
RAISINS— Two-crown, 3%@4c; three-crown,
6c; do four-crowu, 6%c; do London layers,
91@105.
HOPS— Dull easy; State, common to choice, 2%
@7y 2 c: Pacific Coast, 2%£>6%c.
WOOL— Steady, quiet; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l'_'a
Alercliandlse.
Tin IRON-Easy, quiet; American. $12 25®
12 50.
COPPER-Easy: lake. $11@U 76.
LEAD— Easy; domestic, *2 95.
TIN-Qulet; Straits. *13 50; Plates, quiet, firm.
SPELTER -Easy; domestic. 94.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., July 17.— . first-class cash
demand, a strong feeling at St. Louis, a. decrease
in the estimated receipts, a better feeling in the
stock market, together with the fact that, as yes
terday and tbe day before, the market was shown
to be about on an export basis, caused the wheat
options to-day to open with a stronger tone and
with a better trade. It was said that Chicago
could not obtain spring wheat, and this was cited
as evidence that the country millers were pay
ing more for that graJe than was offered here, al
though these options were 1c above the September
option. Buying at Liverpool was said to be gen
eral, and It was also stated that no one concern
here had a monopoly on the orders- The St. Louis
market opened %c above last night's close, and
the cables were a turn dearer. Yesterday's expon
totals from here were 160.000 bushels- To-day's,
it was said, would aggregate 60.000 bushels. The
weather map showed predictions for rain through
out the West, Northwest and Southwest- Tnls
was taken as favorable for corn, unfavorable for
oats, and a delay in the wheat movement. North
western receipts were 268 cars against 418 last
week, and 159 on tbe same day last year. Re
ceipts at Chicago were 247 car*, and t:ie withdraw
al.* from store were 93.587 bushels. Atlantic sea
board clearances were 497,269 bushels. Continen
tal cables were steady. The market closed firm.
September wh»at opened at 56% c. sold between
67% c and sb%c, closing at 57Vic, %c higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 270
cars.
CORN— feeling in corn was not quite so bul
lish, and in the early hours not a great amount of
business was transacted, but a steady undertone
marked The lignt trade. Receipts exceeded the
mates. 241 cars arriving against 238 predicted.
Liverpool cables were quiet and V 4 d lower. Ex
port clearances were 40.606 busheis. >eptemoer
corn opened at -7i/ 2 c, sold between --'77/ @2Bc and
27s/ B @27Vic, closing at 27% c i<fe(&Vtc higher
th.iii yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 280 cars.
OATS— strong and firm, influenced by
good buying, light receipts ann an advance of 3d
in the English cables. Trading was animated.
Receipts were 108 cars, and there were no with
drawals from store. September oats closed 3*c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 125 cars.
FLAX -Was steady. Cash. 70 % c; September,
70% c; December, 73c. ■
PROVISIONS— The provision pit again reflected
the decline of business that has almost become
chronic On a tailing of 6c in the price of live hogs
tbe market opened weak and ruled so through! the
da.'. A singular feature was the closing quo ations
of lard and ribs, both standing at the same price.
This is so rare that it was remarked by old trad
ers. September pork closed 5c lower; September
lard 7V4@loc lower, and September ribs 2y (g,&c
lower.
BUTTER— Qu et and easier. Receipts moderate.
Creameries-Extras, 14y 2 c; firsts, 13@14c;
seconds, 10c: Imitations, fancy. 10c Dairies-
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10@10y 3 c; firsts, BVb@9c; packing stock,
t-e: roll, 6&7 c.
EGGS— Steady: fresh stock in demand at ruling
prices.
AlONEx— 'Was steady at B@e% on call and 6% 0n
urn* loans. New YorK exchange 70c discount.
Cloning Prices.
WHKAT—Juiy. 55% c: September, 67^4c; De
cember, 59i/4@59% ■.
CORN— July. 271/4 C; September. 27*,ic: May,
30%@30V«jC
oats— July, 17% c; September. 17% c; May,
2034 c.
J 1 UK— September. $6 40; January »7 30.
LARD— September, *3 55: January, «3 92^.
i.lha— September. $3 55; January, $3 70.
Livestock.
UNTfW STOCKYARDS, Ili,, July 17 Cat
tle market unsteady. Choice natives are higher
by a shade, but the heavier kinds are barely up to
last week's prices. Hogs— Prices closed only a
shade better than a week ago, with not much pros
pect for an advance. Sheep market weaker, with
very little chance for improvement during the
next two months.
CATTLK — Hecetnts. 5500. Chicago choice to
prime, 1300 to 1800 pound steers. $4 20@4 85:
bulls, choice to extra. $2 75@3 20: Texas mm
steers, $2 46@3 20; Texas fed steers, $3 15@3 80;
milkers and springers, per head, $20@37 60. other
prices unchanged. .
HOGS— Receipts. 21,000. Heavy packinr ana
shipping lots, $3 00013 25: common to choice
mixed. S3 \s(et:< 60: choice assorted. *3 50*3 55;
light, $3 16<$3 50; pigs. $2 90(e>3 50.
BHEt-P— Keceipm. 10,000. interior m cnolce,
*2 1.3 60 : :iunbß. $»» a 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SAI.KS.
NEW TORE, N. V., July 17.— Porter Bros.
Company sold California fruit to-day at open auc
tion as follows: Plums— Norman, $1 20@3 15 ncr
ua'.f crate; Washington. $105@145; Burbank,
$1 10<ai 40; other varieties, 70<@$l 30. Pears—
Bartletts. $1 70@2 16 t>er box and .65c per half
box. Prunes— Traeeay. $I@l 60 per half crate;
German, 81 05. Peaches— Early CrHwfortis, $1 05
@1 40 per box; other varieties. 70c@$l 05.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany soid California fruit at open auction to-day
as follows: Prunes-Tragedy, $1 20@l 50 per half
crate. Plums— Burbank. 80c(S>l 65: Royal Hative,
60@70c. Pears— Bartlotl. $1 15@1 MO per box.
Peaches— St. John, 35@86c per box; Hales Early,
25@54c: some overripe sold for less.
DUN'S REVIKW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V.. July 17.— R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Failures for the week have been 269 In t lie United
states against 258 last year and 35 In Canada
against 89 last year.
Disapproval of the action at the Chicago con
vention ha« had some influence In the markets the
past week, but a far more Important factor has
been the feeling that the financial future is still
uncerialn. This acute attack of doubt comi ig at
a time when business is for other reasons seriously
depressed has made the week unusually gloomy In
speculative circles. The average price for sixty
active ra iroad stocks has declined from *47 22 to
$ 4 76 per share and the average of trust stocks
from $47 30 to $44 48 per share.
The wheat market has been remarkably well
supported in spite of a very favorable report by
the (iovernment, ad prices are a shade higher
than a week ago. Western receipts of wheat have
been 3,581,700 bushels againsi 1,485,300 for the
same week of Ju'y of last year, a:id Atlantic ports,
flour included, has been 1,185.900 bushels against
only 547,018 for the same week last year.
Cotton has fallen about a half cent in options and
one quarter In spot prices, because the men who
were sure there would be a cotton famine In July
and have been holding large quantities have
changed '.heir minds. .
The woolen manufacture is waiting, and as new
orders are exceedingly slow, the sales of wool at
the three cliief markets were, for the week, only
225,000 pound*, transactions at Boston being re
ported the iowe,t ever known at that market.
The output of piKiron July 1 was 180,53.' tons
weekly, against 182,220 June 1. and 171,194 a
year ago. 'I he decrease since the maximum was '
reached November 1, 217,306 tons weekly, has I
been material and yet stocks are rapidly accumu
lating, those held by producers, not including the
great steel companies, amounting to 815,872 tons
an Increase of 29.929 tons for the month of June,
or about 7000 tons per w-ek. which indicates a
consumption of less than 173.000 tons.
Considering the fact that the accumulation by
the treat steel companies must have been large,
the consumption is undoubtedly smuller than it
was a year ago. The demand for lintshe 1 prodncts
j of Iron and steel is ext:emel> narrow, although
one tonsklernble bullalng contract is reported,
6000 ton^ for the San Francisco Call builuing,
with a few smaller contracts. But in ban the
combination has found itself unable to maintain
prices, and there are renewed reports that the
great decrease in sales of vails will force a reduc
tion in prices August 1. Bessemer pig has not
changed. The average of iron and steel prices Is
the lowest since a year ago. The manufacture of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
boots and shoes Is weakening under the effort to >
secure an advance in price, althoueh most of the I
works have orders for some time ahead. But the |
demand Is very light and nearly all the shops
would have to close if dependent on new orders.
BANK ILKAKIGNS.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 17.-Bank clearing
totals nt tbe principal cities for the week ended
July 16, with comparisons, as teiegrapned to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
CrrißS. Amount Inc Dec
New York $531,063,488 7.6
Boston 91..09.4H1 1.7
Chicago 81,113,856 6.7
Philadelphia UH.566..-14 ...... 12.4
St. Louis 82.957..V26 2.5
Plttsbunt 15.049,059
Cincinnati 12,;569,660 S.I
Baltimore 13.809.270 6.6
Sat Francisco 14,142.^29 3.4
KansnsClty 7,813,490 19.4
New Orleans _ 6,457,8ft'2 6.6
Louisville 4,764,352 18.5
Detroit 6.120,883 15.4
Minneapolis 6,667,620 10.0
Cleveland 6.882.351 1.6
Providence 5,519,000 12.9
Milwaukee 4,758,574 4.3
lndianaDOlls 4,018,607 34.7
Buffalo 4,«18,712
St. Paul 6,755,908 4.9
Omaha 4,194.311 36.0
Denver 2,1)6^9 22.1 I
Sal: \akt- 1.'.»".4.370 10.0 ..
Los Angeles 1,044.»49 15.4
Portland. Or 1,146,6:59 i
Tacorua 6HV..1. ... . 1.9
KeatUe 780,2*4, 4b.9
Spokane. « 413.177 - -7.4
Totals U. B. $ 964,742,363 7.3
Outside ot New YorK
City „ 430,678,926 7.1
DOM.LSIOS OP CANADA.
Total! #18,789,890 1.00
NEW lOKK STOCKS.
Bond*, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Honey on call easy at 1 V«@2V: last loan at \Vi%
and closing offered at iy>s. Prime mercantile pa
per. sy,<a.6f. Bar silver, 685,4 c. Mexican dollars,
534%@64<^c Sterling Exchange quiet, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86@4 b6V4 for
60 aays and $4 86-Vi.@4 89 for demand. Posted
rates. $4 86Va@* B<j Vsi- Commercial bills, $4 87
@4 87y a . Government bonds closed weaker; State
bonds dull: railroad bonds stronger. Silver at the
board was higher.
CLoarao stocks.
Am Tel <* Cable.... 91 Norfolk * Westrn. 6V3
Atchison 12S/ 8 Preferred. 11
Preferred 171/4 Northern Pacific... 614
Adams Express. 146 Preferred 14y 2
Alton, Terre Haute 58 Northwestern 94» 4
American Express)o7 Preferred 148
American Tobacco. 5bS/ N. Y. Central 92
- Preferred .., 93 N.Y.,Chlca«o<fe^L. 1014
Bay State Gas 18 Ist preferred 167
Baltimore & Ohio.. IB ad preferred 2314
Brunswick Lands.. % N. V.t.N. H. 165
buffalo, Roch &P. 23 N. Y. & New En». 37
Canada Pacific... 68 Via N. V., Susq <t W... 7^l
Canada southern.. 44"/ 8 Preferred. 18
Canton Land B Ontario HVi
\ Central Paattc 14 Ontario «t Western 13Vs
1 Ches. & Ohio x3y» Oregon Improvmnt V*
j Chicago Alton. 150 j Preferred —
Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, B. Q....* 67*4 Oregon Short Line. 8%
Chicago &E. 111... 41 Pacific Mall 1«%
Preferred .... 99 Peorla, D.<fc Evans 1%
CblcagoGas 64 Plttubnrg AW. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Plltsbnrg..ls9 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..144
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver. lvj
Consolidated Ga5. .145 Preferred IS
C. C. C. «fc 8U Louis 23% Reading... 11%
Preferred. 75 RloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron. . 17% Preferred 40
Preferred 100 Hoc Island 5714
Cotton OH Cert .... 9 Rome Wnt&Ogaen.
Commercial Cable. 1W St. L. &S. W 3%
Dei. Hudson 116% Preferred 8
! Del.Lack&Westrn. /4 Paul 71%
|Denver*R.G 1214, Preferred. 122%
I Preferred. 435.i St. Paul * Duluth. 16
Distillers lly 8 Preferred 87V4
General Electric... 22 St. Paul & Omaha. 34%
Erie. 14 Preferred. 123
Preferred 31 !Su P. M. A M...... 107
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 69
Great Northern pfd 110 'Southern Pacific... 18 Vi
j Green Bay % .Southern R. R 7%
I Harlem ; 294 ■ Preferred 21%
1 Hocking Coal y% Sugar Refinery ....104Vi
: Hocking Valley.... 15 V* Preferred 98
j Homestake. 84 iTenn. Coal & Iron. 17%
' H. A Texas Cent... Preferred. 90
: Illinois Central 90% Texas Pacific 6%
lowa Central 614JT01.A.A.& N.Mich.—
Preferreo a.Hi^)Tol. * Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas* Texas... 10 Preferred. 70
I Preferred 19 Tol.SuLouisAK.C. 6
1 Kines'onA Pern... 8 Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Westn 15% Union Pacinc 6%
Preferred. 64 Vi U. P. Den A Gulf- 2
Lakesnore 139> 4 U. S. Coraage 4
National Lead 19 Preferred 7%
Preferred 80 Guaranteed 16y 4
Long Island 73 C. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 46%' L. B. Leather 6-
Louisville NaACh 6 Preferred... 491 A
Preferred 13«4 U. S. Robber. 16s /4
Manhattan Con sol. 94% Preferred 71%
Memphis A Charls. 15 Ctlca AB. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... 28 Wab. s. L. A Pac.. Mil
Michiga Central.. 91 Preferred.. 14T/ B \
Minn AS. L. — — Wells-Fargo 9u
Preferred Western Union 78
! Minn A St. L com. 1 as; Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 74 Wheeling AL. 8.. Hi, 8
2dpreferred S8 I Preferred 2by 4 ,
Missouri Pacific.... 18% Am Cotton OUpfd. 40%
I Mobile A Ohio 17 W. U. Beef bi£ j
i Nashville A Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred. — —
K. J. Central 92 Brooklyn Traction. 19%
North American... 4 Krie 2U ptd. —
cxoaino nnxirt.
U 4s, registered.. 106 M KT2ds 68%
Do 4s. coupon 107 Do 4s . . . , ' 78%
US 4s new. regstrd 112 Mntual Union e5.'.'.114
. Do 4s, coupon 113 N J Cent Gen ss. ..115%
Do 2s 96 Northern Paolsts. ll3 |
, D'> 110% Do2ds .106%
1 i coupon 111% Do3ds 65
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l4o
Do 1897 100 Do deb 6s 109%
£0 1898 10U ORANlsts... .107 I
l>o 1899 100 StLAlronMtGen 72%
Pacific >Js of "95.... St L ASF Gen 6s. 106 ■
DC 3-65s 109% St Paul Consols.... 124
Ala Class A4s &0 Bt PCA Pa lsts.. .116%
Do Class B 4, 65.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts. .110%
LaConsol4s 94 Southern R R 55... 83% 1
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsis. 81
N Carolina con 65.. 116 Texas Pacific 2ds. 18
t! Do 1';;1 ';; 96 Union J'ac Ist* »«.103%
So Carolina 4%5...100 West Shore 4a.. 10.1%
Term new 8s 75 Mobile A Ohio 4s. 60
Va funding debt... 67 Grande West lsts 88
Do registered Cbes A Ohio 65.... 106
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlaon 4s 74
Do trust rcpts st. « Do 2ds A 33
Canada Bouth2ds.. 103 >• II A 8 A 65......101
Cen Pac Ist* of '95. 99% Do2d7s 96
DenARGJst 110 H A Tex Cent 65.. 106%
D 045.... 87 Do con 65...... 103
Erie ads 62 Reading 4s 7a%
Kansas Pa Consols «5 Missouri tie. 100
Fa Den divlll
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL. Esq., July 17.— The spot market
is steady at 5s 4d. Cargoes steady at 26s 6d.
PL-TURKS. -
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 'i lied Winter: July
4s lOVid: August, 4s lOVfad: September, 4s 10V d:
October, 4it lO^d: November, 4s lid.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eso, July 17.— Consols, 113%;
silver, 31 7-1 6 d; French Rente*, lOlt 77% c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — '$4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables. — 4 83%
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver. 0unce.......... ...... — 683/4.
Mexican Dollars. ...-64 641,4
c
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— An advance at Chicago gave prices a
slight upward turn. No. 1, 8334@95c; choice,
9SVi®97%c; lower grades, 87^®92ii»c; extra
choice for milling, $l<|l 10 9 cU.
- ' Call boabd 8A1.K3. '
Inform at, Sksbion— o'clock — December —
1800 tons, 98 %c .
Kkbi'uk Morning Session— December— lloo
tons, 98% c.
afternoon Skssion— December— 400 tons
98 % C ; 500, 93c. ... "•
Ka itl.K'i — market Is weaker all around
We quote Feed, 67^(a.70c 9 cU; Brewing, 76@80c
9 ctl. .
CALL BOARD BALE*.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning ■ Session— December— 3oo
tons, VO%c: 100, 70*40.
afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market Is slow. Milling are quot
able at 85@90c 9 cti: fancy feed, 90@92iAc a ctl
itood to choice, 82y 2 @9oc; common 10 fair, 7iiiA(a
80c; Gray, 80@82%c: surprise, 95c@$l 02%.
CORN— Lar«e Yellow is auotable at 88»4®95c-
Small Hound d0,97%c: White, 77%®82%c^ ctl.
RYE-Dull at * B @76c a ctl lor old and 660
for new. ■ .
BUCKWHEAT-86@90c a ctL
FLOUR AMI MItXSTUFFS.
LOUR— It Is rumored that the China rate upon
Flour has been advanced $4 a ton, to go into effect
upon the next trip of the , steamer to China.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
$3 eo@3 70 a bbl; Bakers' extras, »3 40 @3 50;
superfine, $2 76@3.
CORN MEAL, ETC.— Feed . Corn, 19 50@20: i
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 a ton.
AIILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c;-Rye Flour, 3V4c; Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
meal,2S/4@^c; extra cream do, S^c; Oatmeal, 33/ic;
Oat Groats, 4Vic; Hominy, 4@4%c: Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; Cracked . Wheat, 3y»c: Farina, 4%c:
Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic; Pearl
Barley, 4V 2 c; Split Peas, /4 c; Greeu do, s Vic
* Ib-
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF •*.
BRAN— sl4@ls; tor the best and $13913 60 a
ton for outside brands. ' .-■
. MIDDLINGS— SISOI6 a ton for lower grades
and $17(g,18 ~s. ton for the best.
FE,-;DSTUFF3 Rolled Barley, Bls@ls 60: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, S2iaton; Jobbing, $22.
HAY— Is weakening under liberal receipts. New
Wheat, 97 50@ll * ton: new Wheat and Oat, $7®
10; new Oat. *6W^; new Barley; $6 60@8; itiver
Barley. 94 50@5: Alfalfa,* $5 60@6 50; Clover,
te@B.
STKAW-30@40c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
■ BE ASH- Almost all kinds are lower and the
market is very dull. Bayos. 90c@$l ; Small Whites,
$1(31 15 i> ctl; Pea, $I@l 25 > ctl: Large Whites,
90r@$i 10^ ctl; PinK, 7O@80c: Beds, $1@: 20:
Biacke c, $1 25@1 60: Rtd Kidney, nominal;
Limns. $2@2 30; Butters, $I@l 50.
Bkh.De>— Brown Mm ard Is quotable at $1 50®
2 25 •$ ctl; Trieste. $'.'@-2 60 i? ctl ; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 4u<ai 50;Fla\,$l 70@l 80; Canary, 28,4c
» lb; Alfalfa, 7V>@9VsC *E; Rape. 2%c lb;
Hemp. 3J^c * ft. "
DKIED PKAS-$1 26@1 40 VcU for Nlles and !
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Dealers quote still lower prices
Garnet Chiles are Quotable at 60@70c: Early Rose,
In Backs, 30@50c; Early Rose in boxes. 30@50c;
Burbank Seedlings, 25@75c V ctl for Rivers and
76c@$l for San Leandro.
ONIONS- White, 35@45c; Red. 10@20c%»ctU
■ VEGETABLE. *— No change wor.uy 01 note.
Green Corn, 25r<&$] 9 sack; Alameda Co: 11. $1 60
@2 » crate: Berkeley Corn, 7.ic@*l 26 ft crate:
summer Squash, 15@-'scfor Bay; jiMC Plant, 75c@
$1 60 % box: Tomato a, #I@l T5 for Rivers and 2o
©40c for Vacavlllf : ■ ucuniuersln.tniall toxes.
.'. laniPUH Cucumbers, 60' ©*1 25; Asparagus, $1 25
@2 75:Ureeu Pepi ers. '-'• (gisoc small box and 60c
(asl %> large box; Green IVas, 50c@$i V an for com
mon and lV @2c V lb for Garden: String Beans,
l@3c * &>;t. ret-n ukra, 75<@$1 25 bx; Cabbage,
46@60c ¥ ctl; Garlic, 2@2V*c * »>•
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— market continues .to Improve
and stocks are smaller than they have been. .
Cb fa mery— Fancy, 16%@16c; specials, higher;
seconds, 14Vii@15c * Ib.
Daisy— 14c: good to choice, 12%©
ISV-jc; lower grades,
CHEESK—Kancy mud new, 7@7%c; common
to good, o@6y 2 c; Cream Chaddar, 9@loc: Young
America, 7&9 cV. Q>; Vvestern, 10@llc; Eastern,
ll(n)13c
KiiGS— A good many ranch Eggs of established
reputation are coming in affected by the recent hot
weaiher In the Interior. Fine sound stock sells
well. store Eggs, 10@12y 2 c; ranch Eggs, 13@
16% c; Duck Eggs, 12<£1 3c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Receipts are moderate and as there
is no Eastern on the market prices are very firm.
Live Turkeys, 16@17c for Gobblers, 12y»@14c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 18@19c: Geese, "$ pair. $1
($1 25; Ducks, $2 50(a.« 50 for old and $3 50(44 V
doz for young: Hens. $4 50@5 60; Roosters, young,
$5@7: do, old. $4 60@5 IS uoz; , Fryers. $4^,4 50:
Broilers, $3@3 60 for large and $160(3)2 oO for
small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 9 doz for young and
old.
Nominal. ■■'•''.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
The general market was not materially changed.
Red Nectarines. sO@bOc: White, 6<><Stioa f> box.
Peaches, vs@tioc V box and 41%65c »* basket;
Crawfords, 41 (67 be ■* box and SOfejOc "f>. basket.
Plums. 35@76c r* box and 75@8jc ~f>> crate.
Apples, 6uc@sl 9 box for choice and 25(550c for
common. ". . • ■ • •: r >;=- ».-;;
Pears, 25(360c * box; Bartletts, 60@75c 3 box
and 40@50c ■$ basket.
Apricots, is@soc * box: $20@27 50 ? ton in
bulk, for the general run, with sales of poor at $15.
Figs, 25@60c '?. box for single and 75c@$l 26 9
box for double layers. -
BERRIES— • •'.••:;,,!
Strawberries, $2@4 ft chest for Longworths and
$1 50@2 60 for large berries.
Hasp berries. $2 50<$4 %i chest.
Blackberries. $2@3 <& chest.
Currants, $2@4 %* chest. .
GRAPES— Vacaville Sweetwaters. 50@75r
box and 75c£p$l %i crate: Thompson's seedless
from Yuan, crate; Black Grapes, from the
same source, $I@l 26 fi crate.
MELONS— Watermelons, *15 $ 100. A small
crate of Cantaloupes from Winters remained un
sold.
CITRUS jTßUrTß— Oranges, $S@3 75 V box
for Vnlenclas; poor Mazatlan Limes. »5 > box;
Lemons. $1 50@2 50 for common and $3(^4 for
good to choice; .Mexican Limes, : Bananas, $1
@2 $ bunch; Pineapples, $I@4 $ dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
New Apricots, 5%@6c 9 ft In the sweat-box;
6V4@6%c f. o. b., coast and 6y a @iy a c San Fran
cisco.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— Apples— li^j(«»2c ft for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4it4»/ a c for evaporated:
Peaches, 3@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 5y 3
6V^<c for prime to cHoice. —^for fancy and 10^,1'ic
t^ lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2 Vic tor
pressed: >Vnite figs, 4c In sacks; rears. 7c %* ft
for evaporated halves. 3Va@6c fi rt. for quarters ;
Prunes. 3y 3 c ? ft: Plums, 3^yjc %* ft lor pitted and
lViS^c for unpltted ; Nectarines, 3*.*@sc Vft for
prime to choice ant 6Va c for fancy.
I Jobbing Prices — Evaporated Apples, 4@se
! T$ tt>. sundries, lU;§-io; Peaches. 3^@fx- and 6c
: for fancy; peeled in coxes, 12V2'^ lb; Prunes, 3y a c
1 for four sizes, 4yj,c for 40^50's and 4c lor
60(360'5: Apricots, 6@7c for prime to choice,
10<2>ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3y«c;
, White Figs, :-®sc: Pears, 8c i» ft for evaporated
halves and 4<ij, 7 V 2 c for quarters: Plums, 3Vj(g,4c
for pitted and ]<§>lVjc for unpltted Nectarines,
4@sc 9 lb for prime to choice.
RAlSlNS— prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, nose: 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown. 2%c ~f> ft; seedless Sultanas,
3c; seedless Muscatels, l»4c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c 'f. box; clußiern, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clus
ters. $2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 76.
Jobbing Peicks— Four-crown, loose, none: 3
crown, none; 2-crown. 3 Vic f* ft. seedless Sul
| tanas, 4c ■$ ft; seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3 crown
London layers, 75<a.90c: clusters, .$1 60@l 75;
Debesa clusters. $2 60: Imperial dusters. $2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts, 9@
I lie for No. 1 hard and Il@kl3c?k ft for paper-shell,
: jobbing lots; Almonds. tJwTVs c or Langoedoo ana
B%@loc for paper-shell, lobbing; Peanuts, H@
6V2C Ib for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
1 polished, i-i berti-, B@9c: Brazil Nuts, o@loc « ft;
! Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 %* 100.
I HONEY— 10@12Vic for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6@sV^c;
light amber extracted, 4>£@4 s Ac; dark amber, 4c;
dark, 2@3c f, ft.
BEE&WAX— ft.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations show no change. The demand is fair.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6y a c for
heavy, 714.C $ ft for light medium. 9@9i*c for
light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Su;ar-cured Hams, 12@12%c;
California Hams, 10i/»@llc *$ lb: Mess Beef, $7
@«; extra mess do, $8 50@9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $B@B 50; extra clear, $14 * bbl;
mess. $12 60@13 '?. bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c 't ft.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 61,4 cf, ft
for compound and 0 Vie for pure; palls, 7c $ ft;
California tierces. 4%c for compound ana be for
pure; hall-bbls, 6y*c; 10-ft tins, 7c; do 5-ft. 7Vic
COTTOLENE— 6i-' 2 @5SAc In tierces and 6W<d
«i ft in 10-ft ttnsT
BIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers are
quotable at 7@7V2C V Ib: culls and brands, 6@
6Vic * ft; medium, 6@6V»cH ft; culls aud
brands, 5@5y a c "# Ib; light, 6c; culls and brand*.
•c: Cowhides, s@sy a c: culls and brands. 4@4Vsc;
salted Kip, 5c '** ft; salted Calf, 7@Sc; salted Veal,
8c: dry Hides, ; 0 i. 2 11 c : culls and brands, 8@
BV2C: dry Kip and Vein, B@9c; culls, 7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20@35c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, •J&(fl)30c; medium. 15@
25c: winter, 7@loc: sheepskins,shearlinKs,lo@lsc
each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40®
60c each; long wools, 60@60c each. Culls of ail
kinds about yy 3 c less. ■
TALLOW— .No. 1, rendered, B@3Vic; No. 2,
2%c: refined, 6i/ 9 c: Grease. 2iAc * ft.
WOOL _ Uumboldt and Mendocmo, 10<ai2c
"$ U>; Valley Oregon, 10@llc %l lb; do lower grades,
B@loc fi ft; Nevada, t r&9>" f4f 4 ft: San Joaquin and
southern Coast, six months, 4@6c: San Joaquin,
foothill, goo 1 to choice, 7@Bc; San Joaquin, year's
fleece, 4%@6y a c; northern free, 7@9c: do defec
tive. s®bl/2C ft lb.
HOPo-a@4c^ ft for 1896 and 6@7%cfor 1898.
A local commercial journal says: "Advices irom
England are to the effect that blight is not so ex
tended as was supposed, and with better weather
and more favorable conditions generally, tbe result
will doubtless be less disastrous than was at first
reckoned upon. On the continent the damage h a
been moderate, and probably there will be a con
traction of one-fourth the yield. Pacific coast va
rieties are firmly held In the former market with
small offerings ana prices well malntalued, busi
ness being light. In the East conditions are favor
able for a fair yield and buyers are not active, al
though offers of new crop Pacific Coast are report
ed at 9c, and for Slates at 10c ft ft, about 20.0...0
bales of Hops having, it is said, been contracted
for on the coast."
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 25; San
Quentin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24^@26'.3C. '
; COAL— Wellington, $8 9 ton; New Wellington,
$8 V ton: Sonth field Wellington, 97 50 <» ton;
beaule, $5@5 50: Bryant. $6; Coos Bay,. $4 50;
VVallseud, *7: scotch, $7 50; Brvmbo. $7 60;
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $1160; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cannel, $7 60: . Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$11012 in bulk and $13 ft ton in sks.
RICE — The v arket rules firm at the Improved
prices. Chinese mixed, $3 16@3 40: No. 1, $8 70
@3 SO * cil ; extra No. 1, $i(a4 25: Hawaiian,
$3 37i-b; Japan, $3 6t,@3 95: Rangoon, In 100
-bags, $3 10. .-"{•'■?
Bl'UAi,- Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all ; 6%c; Dry Granulated,
6V4C: Confectioners' A, SVbc; Magnolia A, 4<vfec:
Extra C,4Vfcc; Golden C, 4S/ 8 c: half barrels, &o
more than barrels, and boxes %c more. • •
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
9 gal. j -■• . .•■_■.•■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weaker . again. .No other changes.
Wholesale rates for dressed -stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
third do, 3y 2 ;0.4c v, tb. 6c: ■• cond ., d * ■=■/»»
VEAL-Large, 4@6c; small, s@6c ft ft.
MUTTON - Wethers, s@s Vic; Ewes. 4%@5c
L AMB— s@6c V ft.
. FORK— Lire Hogs, SV4®3%c •$ ft for largo and
3%@3%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©tic - ■ - ■ . -:-:
I RECEIPTS "V PRODUCE.
FOB 4 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 44.720iHav, ton*. ■ 678
0reg0n..;.:.... 2,64o ßutter, ct15...... 104
Wheat, ct15...... 2,6*01-- heese. ctls 117
Oregon, sks 2,105 Eggs, dos 4,710 !
Barley, ct15...... 7,068 Hides, no 199 j
Oats. ctls.. 690 Pelts, bd15. ...... 2.224
0reg0n..... *,611 Wine, ga15....... 81,700
Corn, cils.. 4,o4o Leather, r0115.... 25
Beans, sks 29. .'Lime, bbls 220
Rye. ct15......... 1,235Ta110w, ctls 266'
Potatoes, sks.... 4,456 Lumber, M feet.. 40
Onions, 5k5...... 435'Qulrksilver.flslcs 50
Middlings, sks... 1,399 Chicory, tbls.... 70
Bran, sks 2,29u<Ralslns, boxes... 700
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter Is rather dearer. Eggs and Cheese are un
changed.
Poultry sells about the same. Meats are without
change. '
Grapes, Nectarines and Watermelons are added
to the fruit list. Lime' are scarce, as fresh supplies
to arrive on the steamer Colombia have been lost
in the wreck.
some Vegetables are cheaper. .
. Following la Thi Call's regular weekly retail
price list: ;
COAL— FIR mx.
Cannel...... —(» t» 60 Pleasant Val 9 50®1000
Wellington. — @10 00 Southfield
New Wei- • Wellington — O) 950
lington:... —010 00 Scotch...... —(4 950
Seattle 7 00@ 760 Coos Bay... 6 50(4 —
Castle Gate. 9 60(<;10 00
. DAIBY PBODTTCE, ETC
Butter, fancy, * Cheese, Eastern... 15®20
square — Q35 ! Cheese, Swiss... 20030
. do, V roll — c<a3o Common Egcs..l2Vi®ls
do. ch0ice._..«..26«*27 RanchK^gs^dz... l6(B2o
Ordlnaryao —®— Honey.comb, I»ib.l2ra;ls
Cheese, Cai. B@lo| do, extracted.... B®l2
MEATS— rKR FOUND. ■
Bacon.. ........... 12017 Pork, fresh. 12@15
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt. 10*412
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12@16
Corned 8eef....... 8@ — Round Steak 8(3lO
Ham. Cal 12Vs@15iSirloin Steak... 12%© —
do, ■ Kastern.....lufetjO Porterhouse, d 0 . .. l*(&20
Lard „ 12rg)15 Smoked Beef — Sls
u^on -B<aiC Pork Sausages.... —#20
Lamb.. 10® — Veal ..10@15
POUtTBY AND OAMK.
Hens, each..... 60® 65 Turkeys, » lb.. 18® 20
Young Koost- Ducks, each... 40<a 60
ers.eacn 70® 86 Geese, each.... 75@1 00
Old Roosters, | Pigeons, ?> pr.. 40® 60
_each..... 50® 60 Rabbits, «» pr.. 36® 40
Fryers, each... 40(a> 6t Uare, eacn..... 16© 20
Broilers, each.. 25@ 40,
rBDITB AWr> NUTS. >
Almonds, ? 13@15iXectannes,'? 1b... P@lo
Apricots. * tt) 4© 6 Oranges, * d0z....15<a35
Apples. Vlb ..'■ Mai 6] Pears, *ft 4@ 6
Bananas, V doz. . Peaches, * lb 4fo) 6
Blackberries, drwr2o&:>o Piums, fi Ib. ... 4@ 5
Currants, %1 b0x...40@50 Raisins, %* m. 5(5)15
Cocoanuts. each...lO@l2RaspbTrles. drwr.2s@do
Cherries. "$ tt)......ls@2o|StrawDerrles,
Figs. $ .......:. 5®10 ; 9 drawer 20@35
(.rapes, 3 Ib UKsl6. Walnuts, 3 lb IBS-
Lemons, * d0z....25@80 Watermelons, ech26@so
Limes, d0z......20@25l
I VKQETABLKS.
Aspnracns. Tb... 6@lojLentils, ft Ib ...... 6® 8
Artlchokes,y.doz..lO<g>3ojLeuuce, ■$ doz.. .15r<$20
Beets, f! doz 12@15 Mr*fat Squash.* lb —@) -
Beans,whlte^tt..2%@ 6Oreen Okra, ft tt)..?2@15
Colored, f 1b... 2 &l Onions, 3 Ib 4® 6
_ Lima. It> 4te 6!Pepptrs.green,?ilblO<ai'i
Cabbage, each.. 1 ..'. s<£lo Parsnips, * aoz..«lsjgi2o
Caulitiowers, each. 6© 8; Potatoes, >» Ib. . . 2a 3
Celery %* bunch... 6®— |Radishes.'s«dzbchs.lO@l2
Cress. #dzbunchs.2U®2s Sage. » lb ..25®35
Cucumber, %* rtoz.lO®)2lSni«r *quasb7i* 'ft. 4® 8
Eeg Plant. "I* 8)...10r String Beans. ?ittK 4® d
Oarllc, lb :...... s<a 6 Thyme, »Ib 20®30
Green Peas, * o>.. 4® .'1 Turnips, %>. d0z.... 15««20
Green Corn, * dozlr Tomatoes, li 1b.... B®lo
tish— PEß pnnsD.
Barracuda „'.... 10®12iShad.. ... 8(310
Carp 10? Sea Bass .'....— ® —
Codfish —®i 6 Smelts IS® —
Flounders ....;... IciSb -Soles. 10'd>12
Halibut 10.'aT.2;Skates. each 10® ia
Herring K;@ —sturgeon — ® —
Kingflsh m lo«S — iTomcod 16® —
Mackerel 15®20'Clams, * gal .. — ©15
do. Horse — — Do. hardshell, a
Perch „ 10®- 100 500 —
PomDano.. Ss'<flso Crabs, each 12@15
Rockflsh 10«fil2 Do. softshell, * dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked. .20® - Mussels, !j» art 10(<i>15
Salmon, fresh....;. 12®15 Oysters, Ca!,* 100.40® —
Shrimps b®lo. Do, Eastern, V d*.'i6i»4o
• ♦ — •
THE STOCK MARKET.
Yesterday was another dull day in stocks, with
best prices ranging slightly under those of the day
before, though there was a better feeling at the
close.
The San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad Company has levied the ninth install
ment assessment of $10 per share, delinquent
August 15.
During the past week ten tons of ore have been
extracted from the north drift on the 900 level of I
the Overman. Value of the same, per car sample, i
»38 'it per ton. . ......
The monthly bullion statement of the Cbollar
for the month of June is as follows: Worked at '
Nevada mill 530 tons of ore; gross proceeds in '
bullion, $10,366 13; cost of reducing, 83445; net
proceeds in bullion, $6921 16; assay value per ton. <
$25 31; gross average per ton. $19 66: net \
average per ton, $13 06. Mill worked 77.2 per
cent.
The weekly reports of the Bodle mines are as
follows:
Mono— East crosscut from south drift, 400 level,
was extended 7 feet; face in porphyry.
Bouik— feast crosscut from main north drift 200
level, was extended 14 feet; face in brown por
phyry. Crosscut 2 from main north drift, 200
level, was ended 10 feet. Kast crosscut from
Gltdea ledge, 300 level, was extended 12 feet and
discontinued. Upraise from east crosscut, 300 i
level, was extended 14 feet. There is a vein of ■
low-grade quartz in the upraise about 19 inches
wide giving low assays. Winze from 550 level, |
Fortuna vein, advanced 5 feet. The vein is about
4 inches wide, hUn-grade ore.
• Bui/wbr Consolidated— Tunnel level raise 1,
stope 4 north, finished, and stope 5 begun. Two to '
4 inches of good ore. Ground 2 stoped up to top '
and raise commenced, being advanced 4 or 6 feet |
daring the week: ore exceedingly narrow but of :
good grade. In south Intermediate drift have tin- ■
ished talcing scale from old stope. 200 level— !
Slopes above crosscut 2 south are considerably
wider but of lower grade. Extracted 18 tons of
ore during the week, car samples running $67,
$B'-', $86 and $334. Car samples of previous week,
omitted In last report: $13, $81 50, $89.
BOAi.U >Aa.£9.
Following ' were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
MSrLAR MOBNINI *K**rn^ /nuv'V-tti 9:TI
HOO Alt*. .10 500 C .45|300Poto*L.. 1.20
20U Ande5. ....31 350 OAC 821100 ... ... 1.15
100 BAB 69 200 HAN. _ 1.40 400 Savae „ 76
200 bu11i0n. ..21 0cc1dt1.... 91 200 _ . 74
400 Bulwer...Bo .00 0phir...1.05 100 aNt .. 67
;60 CCA V.. 1.76 200 Ovrmn.... YJaOK>*i..3B
•" ." AFTERNOON SR9MOX— I:I~}.
300 Belcher.. .36] 50 O AC... 80 200 Ovrmn... 20
100 B A a... 661150 HAN... 1.36 250 Potosl 1.20
100 Bulwer...fO 50 Mien .. 62,250 8av....... 76
60 Cn0ur....2.45!360 Occld 9lil«0 Utah.. -12
10GCr55.27.26 50 0ph1r... 1.061200 V JacKi.,.3B
60 GAC......811 _ |
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Kkurt.Aß iiwilli-i 1 ):^
200 Aloha.-.. .11 160 CCV.....1% 400 Mem... 61
400 A1ia.. .....10 100 C0nn.. ..1.06 300 Occd.... 91
500 Andes .31 200 Con 1m....01 200 0ph1r...1.10
200 8«1cner...38 200 ...02 300 Ovrmn. .20
300 BAB 87|300C N V 0* 400 Poiosl.l7iA
300 8u11i0n.. ..2112400 Crwn Pi. 46 600 lav ..... .76
200 Caleda....ll 400 UAC.....82 400 Kcorplon..os
100 Chllnge.. .34 360 HAN... 1.36 300 SB AM.. 12
200 Ch0ir. ..2.60 200 ...... 1S/ 8 350 b«▼ "67
1200 ........2.45'100 1.32W200 Union "c"... 47
2UO 2.421/a'lOO Julia 09400 * JacjcM..36
A*TKRNOO>f BWISIOJf — '»: SiL
200 Ainlta 10 450 Cho!r2. 4? 200 Occd 82
200 Alta 10600 3.50400 .... "'9l
300 Andes. ...3l lOii CCV.1.77% 100 Ophlrl
500 Belcher ..36 300 Court.... 1.00 400 . 110
200 371100 98 200 Overman! 19
200 BAB. 67 300 C Polnt_..4l 300 Potosl.l7l*
400 69 100 fcxcnqr...O7 500 ...... 1.20
200 70 3.00 GAC HI 100 ....: .1.22%
100 Bodie 43200 HAiN... 1.36 200 Save 76
300 8u11i0n... 20 100 ....... UOaOOsXv 68
200 8u1wer....33 200 Eentck....O7 100 "*67
100 ......... ...3U 300 Mex..;...«l 200 Union! 47
lOOCaleda.... 11400 60 100 U:*b. "11
100 Challge...34 i IOO Mono 19300 V JckL..*B6
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July 17-4 r. v. '
Bid.Aekt(L\ Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 11 12 Jack50n....... .25 _
Alta. .."08 10 Julia . _ 10
Andes. 31 38 Justice.. . 04 05
Belcher 85 87 Kemuck 06 07
Best A Belcher 69 70 Lady Wash. — 05
Bodte .....45 46. Mexican....'." 61 68
Bullion 20 r 31, M0n0... 18 on
Bulwer 32 — Nevada Queen. 03 _
Caledonia. 12 13 Occidental..... 91 92
Chollar :.:..... 2.60 2.65 Ophlr. 1.05 110
C0n.Ca1AVa...1.75 1.80 Overman- 19 21
Challenge Con.. 33 35 Potosi. M 1.20 ?125 i
Con. Imperial. 01 l>2 Savage. ..78 79
Confidence.... 97 1.00 Scorpion. ..... 05 06
Con New York -.- 04 seg. Belcher 12 14
Crown Point... 40 42 Syndicate ..... _ £3
EastSlerraNev. - 06jsllver Hill.:" 02- 03
Eureka Con... - 26 Sierra Nevada. 66 68
Exchequer..... OS <. 06 Union Con 46 am
GoulaACurry. 83 84 UtahT;^ ." I* II li
Hale ANorcra.l.3s 1.4()| Yellow Jacket. 35 37
COLD MINING KXCHAXOE.
■ Champion Princess
Bid... ■ 20 00 Asked 68
2i» S^;L—" "• "* 3OO V. Providence
MO Uranu.....:.... 21 Bid. ........ .....; 50 00
a <*> •• 22 Asked... 80 00
. Keystone Con. 100 Savannah ul"! 48
8id..... ......... ....85 00 100 .......... .....Z' 49
-Kennedy....... 700 . !....""-■■ 60
5'AVi lOOOßOOaebastopol 60
700 M WOOdC ° n " 11 60 A5ked... tT........J 85
700 "° n " ""Asked...!?. 85
". LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid Spring Va11ey.Water............. 98 00
Asked San Francisco Ga5..... . 94 75
STOCK. ANI> ; BOND ~KX CHANGE.
- FRIDAY, July 17— p. m.
: TTNITKD STATES BONUS. •.■•;♦
.- -■■ Hid. A*ked.\ Sid. Atked.
V 8 c0up.. 107 109 ■; U8 4a reg. ..lo»si -
Do new issue — — I
MISCKLLAXIEOns BOXIW.
Ca!-stCbless. — 110y a Pacßoll M 69. — —
CalElecL6sll7% - Do 2d is 63... — —
CntraCWsa — 94 P*ORv6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 95 100 P&Ch Ry6s. — 107
Edsn LAP 6sI2I% — Pwl-st RR6s. — 116%
F4CHKK6S. - 105% Reno, Wi^AL — 105
Geary-stßss.lOs — Sacto PA L. — 102%
LosAngL6s. — 99 ISKANI'RSs. — 98»4
DoGateedßs — 100% SPRR Arises 93 96
Mkt-stCble6sl2oyil22y 2SPRRCaI6s.2 SPRRCaI6s. — 110%
DoKyConss.. — SPRRCaI 6s. — —
Nat Vln6s Ist 96 — ;SPBrRCal6s. — 99%
NevCNgK7s. «*6 105 ;S.VWater6s..ll9 — ■
N PCR864.100y 4 10S%SVWater4s.. — 99%
NRyCal6s.loo 105 StktnGAE6s — 100
NRyCalSs. — 100 . SunsiTAT6s. — —
Oak Gas 55. .102 - — Sutter-5tR55.109%110
I olid Is .104 — VisallaWCtb — ■■—'■■■
Omnibus m. 118% —
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa 86 88%iSanJose — -
MarlnCo.... 60 - |S ( rng Valley 96% 97
GAS STOCKS.
Capital 10 26% Pacific Llzht 49% 52%
Central 95 " - San Francsco 90% 62
OakGLAu - 63 Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaslmp. 85 87 |
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's Vl — |Snn 25 50
• . ' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — |LondonPAA.l2s 139
Anelo-Cal 61% — iLondonASF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 236 Merch Ex... 13 -
Cal S DATCO — 67 I Nevada . . — —
First Na ionL — lß7%lS«iher B Co. — —
G 1 angers.... — — |,
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo.I33O 1370 |Say & Loan. — 100
HumbhAL.lloo 1450 security 240 —
Mutual — 40 Uniou Trust. — 800
SFSavUnlon - 486 | . .
BTBEBT BAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 108 - Oak SLA Hay — 100
Geary-st. — 65 Presidio 7 —
Market-su... 42% 43%Sutter-st — —
POWBKK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant Con 22V4 23%
Eastern D... 75 80 jJudson D.... — —
California.... 70 — 'Vigorlt. — 90c
MISCKLLANKOCS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 94% — ,Nat Co. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 25
Cal Cot Mills - — Pac Aux PA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Llghtlls 118% Pac Roll Mill . — —
Gascon Assn. — — Parf PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransCo. — 24
HawCASCa. 17% 18% Pac TAT Co. 10 —
Hutch SPCo aoy 4 iO 3/43 /4 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
II Elec Light. — - 4% p 'i •^.'^;
BALK3-MOBMSJ •■OSIO'T.
Board
-25 SV Water 97 25
10 do do 97 00
10 Mark Railway . '43 25
- 6 Pacific Gas Imp ...: 86 26
BALKS— AI-TttSMoON SBBSIOX.
Board—
30 Market-st Railway 43 00
$2000 U S 4% (coupon) Bonds 108 00
10 Contra Costa Water 37 00
6SFGasliKhi .;..... 82 00
6 do do •... ;•;-. 9100
Street—
• 10 Market-st Railway 43 00
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isabella Van Winkle to Clans Schroder, lot on X
line of Goagh street, 56:3 S of Fulton, S 25 by E
82:8: $10.
Simon and Sophia Bachman to Josephine E.
Bouvier, lot on line of Jackson street, 165 E of
Stelner. E 27:6 by 127:8 V*: $10.
Abn-r Dob'.e Company to James and Catherine
Owens, lot on line of Pierce street, 68:9 N of
Filbert, N 22:11. B 98:10, SW 22:11, W 93:7%:
$1 0. ,
Henry C. and Marianne Bennett to William 1
Hinkel, lot on E line of Belvedere street, 133:9 S
of Waller, S 25 by E 121:10%: $10.
John B. Pitchford to Nellie K. Pitchrord, lot on
E line of Cole street, 283:9 S of Waller, t! 25 by E
125; gift.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to E. W. Hyde, lot on
N W corner of Twenty-second and Sanchez streets.
W 2& by N 101:6; $10.
Sophie A. Nelson to Agatha, Alice F. and Eilllan
Nelson, lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street, 60 E
of Florida, E 25 by 8 113; gift. -
William D. and Anne E. Evans to Paul Keyser,
lot on 8 line of Twenty-ninth street, 152:8 W of
Douglass, W 101:10 by S 114; $10.
Ennte of William F. Wltzemaon (by B. H.
Madison and S. L. Peterson, trustees), to Emilie
W. C. Witzemann, undivided eigiith of ail follow
ing: Lot on NE corner of Jackson and Drumm
streets, .> 60 by E 52: also lot on N line of Jack
son street, 62 E of Drumm, E 20 by N 40; also
lot 25, block 613, Point Lobos Avenue Horn stead
Association. (W line of Boyce street, 612 N of
Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by W 120); also lot on
A line of Ridley street, 210:9 W of Wes Mission,
W 30 by ft 104:4: also lot on E line of Seven
teenth avenue. 253:11 N of Clement street, X 25
by E 120: also property in Alumeda County; $5.
Same to Christina H. S. Witzemann, undivided
eighth, same as above, except property in Ala
meda; $5. ■
Sara B. Winans to Charles Barrow, lot on N line
of Clay street (137:6 E of Powell) at the sw cor
ner of SO vara lot No. 101, N 137:6, E 66:9, S 60,
L 2. 77:6. W 68:9; $10.
John and Mary *A. Mugge to William Nlcol, lot
on Sff corner of Boswor.h and Rousseau streets,
W6O. N 99, NK«4, S 112, lots 1 and 2, blocks,
De Boom Tract: $10. '
Thomas H. Lindsay to Joseph and 1 Jacob) na
Buhlinger, lot on HE line of Lisbon street, 250 IS E
of Persia, NE 50 by sk 100, portion of lot 3, blocK
28, Excelsior Homes. $5.
Estate of LonU Landler. Insolvent (by K. C.
Jones, assignee), to A. H. Powers Jr., all interest
in lot at Intersection or NE line or Falcon street
and W line of Short alley, N vV 62, N W 116, -NE
98:9, NX 61:2, sk 21:7:7, lot 3, block 12, Market
street Homstead : $25.
ALAKEDA COUNTY. (
G. H. and Mariila D. W. Stockham to Samuel H.
Steward, lot on » line of Thirteenth street, 133:4
W of Brush, W 33:4 by ft 100, being portion of
lots 11 and 12, block 181, Oakland; $10.
' S. H. and Maria R. 11. Reward to Marilla D. Wil
son Stockham, lot on E line of Chestnut street,
120 aof Thirty-fourth, S 40 by E 128:3. being
portion of lot 6 Dlock 675, Watts Tract, Oakland:
$10.
J. R. Mead (trustee, et al) to John Mulcare, lot on
S line of Mead avenue, 350 W of San Pablo ave
nue. W 25 by S 125.70, being lot 61, Mead Park.
Oakland: $10.
John and Sarah B. Yule to Kate J. Partridge,
lot on E corner of East Sixteenth street and Eighth
avenue. SK 100 by NE 116, block 85, Clinton,
quitclaim deed, East Oakland: $10.
C. H, and Zua A. Starkweather to Ann M. Stark
weather, lot on N- line of Thirty-ninth street, 263:8
E of West, E 133:8 by N 100, Oakland Township
slo.
Rose E. Chappie to Thomas Y. Tollman, lot on
W line of Louisa street, 124 N of Berkeley way, N
60 by W 134.66, being lot 36, Twitchell Tract,
Berkeley: (tram. ■ ■ ...
W. D. Evans to Paul Keyser, undivided Interest
in lot on W line of King street, 150:6 $ of Mason,
S 75:3 by W 120, being lot 22, map of Lands of Re
gent reet Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
. James F. Bonnell to W. P. Redington, lot on S
line of Woolsey street, 400 E of Calais, X 50 by 8
135, being lot 9, block E, sub portion of Harmon
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
B.H.Madison and S. B. Peterson (trustees of
estate of William Witzemann) to Christiana H. S.
Witzemann, -undivided one-eighth interest in l ot
5, block 18, property of Berkeley Villa Associa
tion, Berkeley: $5.
J. R. and Mar-»ret Smith to Janet Clark, lot 9,
, block G, amended map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
! Township: $10.,
William and Janet Clark to Martha D. Hume,
all Interest in lot 9, block Q, amended map of Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township (subject to mortgage
to San Francisco Mutual Loan Association): $10.
Martha D. Hume to James W. Lairamore, same,
Brooklyn Township: $lv.
James W. and Maud Lairamore to Rlzlne C.
Perry, same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
' Rozine C. Perry to fan Francisco Mutual Loan
Association, lot 9, block G, amended map of Moss
! Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
.1. E. and A. F. Ewald to Joseph W. Keenan, lot
on E line of Park avenue, 294:10 M of San Jose S
j 37:6 by E 128:31.4, being the S 37:6 feet of subdi
\ vision D in lot 30, Alameda Park Homestead
! Alameda; $10. \ • •■. . *
Leßoy G. Harvey to J. S. Emery, all Interest in
lot on S line of Yerba Buena avenue, 660 \V of
San Pablo avenue, W 260, S 367. X, 260. N 360 to
I beginning, Oakland; $ . .
Same to same, lot on X Hue of Yerba Buena aye-
I nue, 660 Wof San Pablo avenue, W 260- by V
360. being blocks 10 and 11, Emery Tract, oak
: land; $10. . • .'■■:, - . ,
C. E. Bobst to same, all interest in same: $10
Thomas Ahem to John and Walter J. Edwards
lot on W line of Center street, 379 N of West
Eighth. N 30, W 134:3%. S 30, E 135 to begin
ning, being portion of tracts 374, 375 and 376
Whitcher's map of Oakland: $10 ■ O|
:. I. N. and Harriette Choynski to Edward yon
Adeltinc Jr.. lot on E cofner 0* East Tenth street
and Third avenue. SW 100 by SE 50 block 7
Clinton, East Oakland; $10. TT- '
• Edward yon Adelung Sr. to same, same; «10
M. E. SmUhson to Lydla S. Baroour, lot on'sE
line of Piedmont or Webster avenue, 67.12 SW of
Monte Vista venue . SK 100, SW 66.29, NW 100,
NE to beginning, being lots 61 ana 62, Pied-
O^aS'^w^hlpT^OO 10 a mortsage for * 10a
. Kmll B. Channell to Chester O. Post, lot 26
block 11, amended map of Central Park, Alcatraz
and Newbury station, Berkeley; $5. »^»a
E. H. R. Johnson to W. A. Johnson, lotion S W
line of Lincoln avenue, 100 NW of Court street
(Thirtieth), NW 50 by SW. 130, lot 3?Jonnson
Tract, Alameda; also lot on NE . line of East
Eleventh street. 175SEof Thirteenth avenue,
o ak^Vo2o 25 ' blOCtßtf|tOWnot CUnlOn - E*"
. Builders' Contracts.
Board of Education of city and ' County of San
Francisco with W. W. Montague, heating and
ventilating Bernal Heights Primary School on
Bfc. corner of Cortland and Andover avenues
architect contract! r; $1598. »=«uw,
Same with William Ginden. reconstruction of
concrete bulkhead and bituminous yard work at
the North cosmopolitan Primary .school on N line
of Filbert street, 142:6 E of Jones, John J. Havens
architect: $987.
C. J. Jacobsen with R. O. . Davis, to erect a 1
thr*i-story building on N line of Twenty-second
Street, 50 E of Minnesota, architect owner: $3450.
Oliver Dahlton with Leonard B. Schmid, to erect
a two- story building on W line of Utah street, 25
S of Santa Clara, architect owner; $1410.
Klevator Etiquette.
"The absurd custom wliicfc constrains a
man to remove his hat in an elevator
when there are women aboard seems a
trifle more absurd where I live than else
where," said an inmate of an uptown
studio building. "It seems more absurd
for this reason: The building is more 'Je
voted to business than to residence pur
poses, and men walk about its stone
floored halls and corridors as if they were
in the street. They no more think of tak
ing off their hats when they meet a
woman, that is, unless they know her,
than tthey would outdoors. Yet these very
men, as soon aa they enter the elevator,
remove tneir hats solemnly as if they
were performing a religion? rite. I object
to the practice not merely because it is
absurd, out because when the elevator is
crowded it is baa for the hat. Why a man
should take off his hat in an elevator
any more than in a horsecar merely be
cause women are present I do not under
stand." — New York Sun.
A -pinch of saltpeter put in the water in
which cut flowers stand will keep them
fresh for a long time. To facilitate absorp
tion of the fluid the stalks should be cut off
a little every day.
THE CALL, CALENDAR.
Jdi-y, 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu. W. Th. | i"r. Sa. Moon's Phases
12 3 4 /j^LASt Quarter.
__ __ . . %S . July '£.
5 8 7 8 9 10 11 "
[ " f*. New Moon.
1 12 13 14 15 10 17 18 iEO . Jui»- l i.
12 IS 14 15 16 j 17 18 ZZ.
1 : 1 First Quarter
19' 20 21 22 23 24 25 \JJ July 17.
a7 27 28 29 SO 31 (g) FnU j^y°^
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Tintmn of Pei>artnrf From San Fr»ncl»oa.
BTKAMBR InKaTIN-ATIO.V.I SAIL* |PIBR.
•tPaui ! Newport Julyl8. 9am Pier U.
CityPuebla.. ! Vic .t P*t Una JulylA »am Pier 9
Newport.... Panama Julyl8.12 n|P«I8S
faralion... * aialna Bay.. Julyl9. 9AMJt*ler2
Arcacs Portland ...... |July2O. Am Pier 24
Corona San Diego. . JuI.v20.11am Pier 11
Zealandia... Central Jnly20.12K Pier 27
Pomona uumt>oliKB»r July-O. 'Iru Pier 9
ABUnctiaru .Oregon ports.. July 21. 6pm Pier 13
Doric Cnina&Jaoan. July21, 3pm P M. 8 8
Weeott bel lnver JuJyil, Pier 13
Truclcee Coos Bay.. July21. Oceania
Knr»lc».... Nawoors . ... Jnly22. »am Pier 1 1
eiat«or cai Portland...... July22.10AM Pier 24
Araco Cooa jiaT...... Jaly22.10AM Pier IS
W*.: la Walla Vic * Pgt Sna ! July 9am Pier 9
Manposa.. .. ■ 83-dney Julv23, Oceania
i<iiva Uosa. 'San Dleeo... . Jaly24. 11am; Pier 11
Orizaba. ' Mexico JuI.v25.1Uam Pier 11
Colombia. •.. Portland ' Ju1v27.10am Pier 21
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
KIT RAM KB | FROM [ JJtTH
Mexico San Diego '.. ..JulvlS
Cr**ceir. City. .. Crescent .......... ..July 18
Weeotu | *:ei Hiver July 19
StateofCal fortland .......... July 19
Alice Blancaanl Oregon ports ..July 19
Walla Walla.... Victoria* Puitec Hound ..July 19
Pomona. i Humboidt bit July 19
Progressist Departure Bay... July 20
Mackinaw Iwoma July 20
China China and Japan July 20
Eareica... „.. | Newport. ..July 20
Proirreso Seattle. July 20
Alcatrnz Vaqulna Bay July 20
Trncitee Coos Bay July 20
Araeo l.. Coos Bay July 21
North For* Humboldt Bay July 21
CaDtaUosa..... Han iJitzo. JulyS'J
Orizaba Mexico July
BtPaul Newport July24
Umatilla Victoria * Pucet Sound ..July 24
ColumUa Portland Inly 24
Del Korte Grays Humor ~ ..July 24
Hunol... lirays Karoor Julx'24
City or Sydney. Panama July
Farallon Yaaulna Bay July 25
Empire... I Portland : ..Ja!y25
SUN MOON AND TIDE
r. *. Coabt Aim GKODITIC Brr»VBT Tins')
BtrrO.KTIN' PT7BI.rSHKI> BY OFFICIAL V
AnTHORITY or tri SITPKRrNTKVtIICNT. )
Satunl'v, July 18.
Bnn rises 5.00; Moon rises
Sunsets 7.30!M00n sets 11.56pm
Jnly-lXf>6.
I Time Feet Time Feet Time Feet Time Feflt
g!L W !H W| L W ! H W
la, U.Ol: 0.8. ti.4Hi 4.0 lJ.18 575 5.55 573
19 1.16 0.2 8.20 4.1 12.18 '2.81 6.50 6.0
20 2.25 — 0.4 9.37 4.2 1.25 3.0 7.47 6.a
21 3.24 —0.9110.49 4.3 2.32 3.6 8.40 6.3
22 4.14 —1.2 11. »0 4.6 3.36 3.5 9.35 tl.t
23 6.00—1.6,12.15 4.7 4.34 3.4 10.26 6.3
24 5.40 -1.4 12.54 4.8 6.26 3.2 11.16 6.1
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides thu
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, aail the successive tides of the day in the
ordar of occurrence aj to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of tbe day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soumilngs on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is sub tract ire
from the depth eiv-pn by t he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
BIiANCH BTDBOSBAPHIC OmCW. U. S. N., ")
Merchants' Kichanok. V
san Francisco. Juiv 17. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was arODped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. ic, Greenwich time,
A. F. Fechtelkb,
Mentenant U. >\ N in fhirtio.
SH IPPING INTELIGENCE
Arrived.
FRIDAY, July 17.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, ; 25 hours from Bear
Harbor: r r ties, to Pollard & Dodge.
US stmr Alert, Han ford. S days from Ban
Diego.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. 74 boars from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and mdse, toO
A N Co. '• . ■ .
Stmr TUlamook, Hansen, 42 hours from San
Pedro: ballast, to Po lard A Dodce.
Stmr City of Everett. Bucknam, 91 hours from
Nanalmo; 3680 tons coal, to - John Rosenfeld'a
Sons.
Br ship 1 Durham. Doty, 43 days from Hloio:
ballast, to master.
Schr Etta B. Mad sen, 9 hours from Fort Ross;
40 bxs butter, 30 hogs, to Ross A Hewlett.
Schr Newark. Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landing, 156 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, July 17.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney. Victoria and Port
Townsend.: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
StmrMtfieola, Pillsbury.Tacoma; Pacific Imp Co.
6tmr St. Paul, Downing, San Pedro; GoodalL
Perkins <SaCo.
Br bark Doon, Boyd, Brisbane; Balfour, Guthrie
A Co. v
Schr John G North, Rasmus-sea, Honoipu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
I Sailed.
;. . FRIDAY, July 17.
Stmr San Benlto. Smith. Tacoma.
Htmr Oijwv. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria,
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, Columbia River.
Schr Lila and Mattie. Lindbridge, Waldsport,
'1 elcgraplil ~..
POINT i.OBOS. July 17-10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy, wind W; velocity. 16 tnites.
Charters.
The bark Ceylon loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Honolulu: Br bark Jesse Osborne, lumber on
the Sound for I reemamle, A us. prior to arrival,
655: Br ship Jessomene. barley at San Diego for
Europe, 23s 9d; Me bark Leon, coal at Departure
Bay for this port: bark Sonoma, mdse at Portland
for Vladivostok.
i, Domestic Port*.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed July 17— Schr Joseph Buss,
for Snn Pedro. ■ "
PORTGAMBLE-Salled July 17-Sohr Meteor,
for San Pedro. ■ -
TATOOSH— Passed July 16-Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July. 12, for Tacoma. July Bark So
noma, from Pnget Sound.
MENDOCINO-Arrlved July 17-Stmr Point
Arena, hence July 16.
ROCK PORT— Sailed July 17-Stmr Scotia, for
Albion.
Arrived July 17— Stmr Albion, bom Devllblss
Landing. ■
NKW WHATCOM— SaUed July 17— Schr Albert
Meyer, for San Francisco. •
GREEN WOO D-Sailed July 17-Stmr Green
wood, for Man Francisco. _
VENTURA— Arrived July 17-Schr Marion, fm
Seattle. ;
EUREKA— Arrived July Stmr Pomona, hno
July 1 6 * - l f
PORTTOWNSEND-Sailed July" 17— Bark So
noma, for Portland. ■■■ ■
■- PORT TOWX9KND- Sailed July 13— Br ship
Earl Dunnnore, for Melbourne. •
Cleared July 14-Chil bark Sulltelina, for Val
pa SAN°PEDRO— Sailed July 18-Stmr Pasadena,
fO cRAYS IHARBOR-Arrlvedl HARBOR-Arrlved Jnly le-Bchr Maid
of Orleans, hence Juno 26. ■' . '■_•',. ■'-. ■'■" ■"
baUed July 17-Schr LaGlronde, for Redondo.
Koreljrn Ports. -' ■
COLON— S*n*d July 15-Stmr Advance, for New
Y AL«OA BAY-Arrived July 13— ship Bram
bletvpe. from Tacoma. - " -
FAIMOITM Arrival July 16— Br ship West
ern Monarch, from Portland, ana sailed for Lim
"pbsSlKT— Arrived July 18-Br bars Wilna, hno
ALTATA-To sail July 17-Stmr Orizaba, for
San Fran>-i
HoT«mon'< of Tran«-AM»atlo Steamer*.
QUEENS VOW N— Arrived July Stmr Etru
na. rroiu Now York, for LlverpooL
NKW VOHK— Arrived July 17— Stmr Weimar.
♦roui Breinoa: simr Fuerst Bismarck, from Ham
burg. campion »nd Cherbourg: stmr Brita I
nlc, troni Liverpool: stmr St Paul, from Sauthamp
ton.
HAMBUKO— Arrlve>l out July IB— Stmr Prus
sia; stmr .Sormunnia.
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per Arcata— lsl bales cloth, 200
Dales bags, 137 bales hemp.
Con«lene*i.
Per Arcata— Bank of British Columbia; Meyer,'
Wilson A Co; Baltour, Guthrle A Co; Tubbs Cord
i age CaMORE HOUSE IS
VERY EMPHATIC.
Gives Advice Freely to
Assessor Dalton and
Supervisors.
AIDED BY BLACK RYAN.
Alameda's Assesssor Is Too In
quisitive for the San Le
andro Banker.
FAITH IN THE EAILROAD
If Their Figures Are False Mr. Daltoi
Should Go After Them, Not
the State Board.
Oakland Orricz San Fbancisoo Call,)
908 Broadway, July 17. f
Assessor Dalton had his second annual
tiff with Mr. Morehouseof the State Board
of Equalization to-day. Mr. Morehouse
came to Oakland to explain how the State
board assessed railroad property. He diJ
not do so, and did not seem to have a very
clear idea of how it was done, but be gave
his testimony, and with the help of Black
Ryan of the Southern Pacific he attempted
to give Mr. Dalton some lessons in assess
ing. He also mildly upbraided the Super
visors and tnen left.
When the railroad matter came up Mr.
Morehouse testified that h« could not tell
the exact number of miles of railroad ap
portioned to Alameda County, but he
knew that only the main tracks were as
sessed by the State board.
Mr. Dalton read the law upon the ques
tion and asked Mr. Morehouse if He inter
preted the section read -to mean single or
double track.
Morehouse replied that it cut no figure.
He thought that he was subpenaed to tell
what had been done, not to interpret the
law.
Mr. Dalton said he would refer to what
they had done. He asked again about the
apportionment.
Mr. Morehouse explained to the mem
bers of the board that the apportionment
was made solely upon the length of the
main track. Counties did not gain or lose
anything on the length of their sidings.
Alameda County, with its forty miles of
siding, is apportioned no more miles in
the apportionment than Siskiyou, without
any.
Mr. Dalton then asserted that the
Berkeley branch had not been assessed by
the State board. Mr. Morehouse said he
knew nothing about that and said that
sidetracks were added to the value of the
road just as was rolling-stock. "A
thousand miles of track," said ho, "is not
assessed as high without any siding as if it
had it. We accept the mileage as ret v rned
to us by the railroad company. If they
make false returns they should be prose
cuted."
Morehouse further declared that the
State board had never had a dispute
with the Assessor over the assessment of
the Seventh-street local line. That asser
tion has been made by the newspapers and
he wanted to correct it.
"It is generally known to this board,"
said Mr. Morehouse, "that the State board
has assessed that line for years past, and
the railroad has paid its taxes."
"And refused to pay the taxes in tnis
county," suggested Dalton.
"Yes, I believe there is something of the
kind," anmitud Morehouse.
"And it was sold by the county for its
refusal," persisted Dalton.
"Yes, I believe the State board assess it
row," said Morehouse, looking for his
Political Code. "We have assessed it be
cause we believed that under the law it was
our privilege."
Dalton asked if the State board would
assess property if returns were made to
them which were not within their juris
diction. Morehouse refused to answer,
but asserted emphatically that all of the
main tracks in Alameda County were as
sessed and that the returns made of mile
age were correct. If Dalton could find
more mileage his fight was with the rail
road company.
G. L. Arnold, another member of the
Ftate board, was then called. . In answer
to questions he said he depended upon
the statements made by the railroads. In
Los Angeles County thirty miles of track
was assessed on tbe returns made by the
company where there was no track.
Supervisor Talcott said he thought Ala
meda County had lost some miles of rail
road, and wanted to know if the members
of the State board could help him find it.
Mr. Ryan asked Mr. Arnold what he
would do if he received notice that ttie
County Assessor had assessed the Seventh
street iine. He believed that he would de
pend upon the Attorney-General's advice.
Mr. Morehouse, in answer to the same
question, said: "We had just such a no
tice last year, but we made the assessment
just the same, and would do so again this
year. " He admitted that Alameda County
had more legal miles of railroad than ap
portioned to them by the State board.
Mr. Morebouse— Do you intend to as
sess two lines of track as two roads?
Mr. Dalton— l intend to assess it ac
cording to the law.
Mr. Morehouse— That does not answer
the question. Am 1 to infer that you
are
Mr. Dalton— Don't infer anything, Mr.
Morehouse, I'll follow the law.
After the noon recess Mr. Coghlan, clerk
of the State board, was present and
put on the stand. Supervisor Talcott
started off first to find out why there was
no index for the assessment rolls, and
asked Mr. Coghlan concerning it. He
read the law and said that, according to
the reading of it, it was the Assessor's duty
to provide it.
Air. Morehouse said it was intended by
the State board that the Tax Collector and
Assessor should confer and decide upon
the form and report to the State Board,
which woulii adopt it.
Assessor Dalton agreed with him and
said he and he Tax Collector had agreed
upon a form, but it would not be of any
use to the board, as it did not contain tbe
page of the assessment books.
Supervisor Talcott quoted law to show
that the Assessor must preface an index
giving the names, addresses and page
upon which it appeared. He did not
Know who was at fault, but some one was,
and the public and board ha,d to suffer as
a consequence,
"^irman Bailey asked Mr. Morehouse
what tne State board proposed to do with
their request for an extension of time.
Mr. Morebouse said he disliked to speak
of such matters. Tbe board was not in
favor of giving an extension unless they
could show good cause for asking it. For
one member he did not think they would
grant the extension. He thought it was
the Supervisors' duty to Know what the
Assessor was doing during the summer
months, and not .wait until they met.
They should consider the situation and
raise assessments where they were too
low. Granting reductions was not their
only work.
Mr. Coghlan's turn came now, and after
being sworn he sajd he had been requested
to bring what data he needed to show the
State board's method in assessing the rail
roads in Alameda County. He thought all
the data he needed was the Political Code,
which he proceeded to read. He said the |
whole valuation was made and then eacli
county apportioned its pro rata according
to the length of its main line. He thought
the assessment was made upon the main
line and sidings together and the appor
tionment on the main line alone. They
are assessed upon the mileage made upon
their returns after comparing with the dis
tance on the timetables.
When asked by Mr. Dalton, he admitted |
that the statement made last year and
those made before differed in regard to the
main line. Formerly It ran from the pier
via First street to Brooklyn and onward.
Last year it read from pier via Seventh
street to Brooklyn and out. The State
Board had always assessed it and as far as
he knew, always would.
Mr. Coghlan and Mr. Morehouse both ad
mitted, in answer to Mr. Dalton'squestions,
that if the long wharf was used for other
than railroad purposes, it could be assessed
by the County Assessor. They claimed
and were backed by Mr. Ryan, that noth
ing but railroad business was transacted
on that wharf. Mr. Dalton asserted that
vessels docked there and paid wharfage
and 5 cents per ton on cargoes unloaded
upon lighters.
This concluded the testimony and the
matter was taken under advisemeut by
the County Board.
SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION.
The Woman's Auxiliary Holds
a Most Successful
Meeting.
liss Reickhcff, Mrs. Keith and Mis:
Mollie E. Connors th> Prin;
cipal Speakers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 17. — Thirty
ladies filled the parlors of Mrs. Olive E.
Babcock this afternoon, when the usual
meeting of tbe Women's Auxiliary Buf- i
frage Association was called to order by i
the hostess.
IfiM ReicKhoff read a paper which dealt
with the intellectual and moral growth of i
woman, from a humanitarian point of
view. She contended that the term wom
an's suffrage had been misunderstood by
many of her own sex, and that the con- j
servative women had placed the rest of j
her sex in a belligerent attitude. It was '
the opinion of the speaker that suffrage !
was not to be brought about by battle, but i
by educating her own sisterhood to the
dignity and truth of their position.
Mrs. Keith of Berkeley read seven ques
tions that had been received and gathered
on the broad-gauge boat from males op- ,
posed to the granting of suffrage to ;
women. She kept her listeners iv rapt at
teniion while she answered them.
Mrs. Keith confessed that the religious
attitude of woman frightened her. All
other evils that it is supposed will follow
the enfranchisement of woman were in j
her eyes as naught. The religious results, i
however, did cause her to think, for it is
solely through church wort that woman
has been able to exert her influence. The
environment made women narrow-minded
she knew, and the only solution would be
the results of a deep and broad education.
Miss Mollie E. Connors also delivered a
bright extemporaneous speech. She urged
women, until they had won their light, to
eschew tbe party lines of the male voters
and make no combination with either one
tide or the other.
Mist Connors held that the home was
woman's place, and that with more leisure
to study and read than men women could
study out economical problems and thus
direct the train of thought in their own
households.
Miss Connors concluded her address by
stating that her ambition was to be a po
litical leader of her sex, and that in the
near future she would be a candidate for
their suffrages.
The society intends to bold a picnic on
the Ist of August at Leona Heights. When
the exposition is opened and an "Alameda
day" set, the ladies of this club will have
charge of the woman suffrage booth, for
which they are making elaborate prepar
ations.
Alamfila Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 17.— Chairman
Forderer of the Board of Trustees has ap
pointed a committee to make arrange
ments for the proposed Alameda day at
the Oakland Exposition that opens next
month. The committee will consist of:
Thomas A. Smith, J. A. Munro, J. M. de
Nise, T. G. Daniells, Dr. T. Carpenter, A.
G. Burns, E. D. Mac Donald, Btanley
Stephenson, A. R. Denke, Peter Prata, A.
Hecker, G. R. Miller, A. Heberer. A. V.
Clark, J. W. Travers, Tneodore F. Stein
metz, J. W. Harbourne, F. L. Volberg and
Josepn E. Barber (secretary).
An Kxpluded Gasoline Stove.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. July 17.— Mrs. BisselJ,
1412 Bay street, lit her gasoline stove this
afternoon and then left it for a few
minutes. When she returned she found
it had exploded, and an alarm was turned
in. Two men pu», tbe fire out before the
fire apparatus had reached the house.
Fraternal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 17.— West End
Lodge No. 175, A. O. U. W., has installed
the following officers: Past master work
man, L. S. Silberberg; master workman,
G. W. Lund; foreman, Gustav Baenr;
overseer, James McGee; guide, E. R. Wil
son; inside watchman, G. W. Bhreve; out
side watchman, Andrew Peterson.
A Private Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The funeral
of Miss Elizabeth C. Van Wyck, who com
mitted suicide yesterday morning, was
held this afternoon from St. John's Epis
copal Church, at 2:30 o'clock.
The wishes of the two sis era and brother
was observed and the services held private.
Later in the afternoon the interment took
place in Mountain View Cemetery. At
tne inquest the jury returned a verdict of
suicide while under temporary aberration
of tbe mind.
The Tribulation of Truth.
OAKLAND, Cau, July 17.— Rabbi Fried
lander of the Hebrew congregation will
preside at the lecture of Rev. P. C. Yorke
in the Hacdonougb Tneater next Monday
evening. The theme of the lecture is "Trib
ulation of Truth. '' It will be preceded by
several vocal numbers by Messrs. Auer
bach and Ladd and Miss Gladys W.
Warden.
Will Celebrate To-Mght.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The jollifi
cation meeting of the West Oakland Im
provement Club will be held to-night. The
speakers for the evening are: General
Manager Kruttschnitt of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Judges W. E.
Greene and A. L. Frick, J. J. Allen, B. C.
Cuvellier, 8. P. Hall, Giles H. Gray and E.
H. Kittridge.
THE SAN FRJbNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 18H6.
CITY ATTORNEY
AND POUNDMAN.
Two Officials Ordered to
Share the Same
Office.
MR. FEIRSOL PROTESTS.
Says the Dog Man Would Be
More at Home With the
Mayor.
DAVIE DIFFERS DEFINITELY.
Thinks the Poundman Should Feel
Very Comfortable With the
City Attorney.
Oakland Office Fan Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 17. f
Shall the Poundman share tbe office of
the Mayor or the City Attorney ? He has
City Att >rney Peirsol'a Idea of the Effect of a Recent Order of the Conncil.
[Drau-n from his own description.]
become identified with tbe Humane So
ciety, and must have an office in the City
Hafl.
The City Hall has been for years far too
small for the decent conduct of the city's
business, but as the building spirit of the i
people is against both bonds and direct !
taxation at this time, no relief can be ex- |
pected.
City Attorney Peirsol is in deep dis
tress. He is fearful for the future welfare
of the city. With tbe many apparent con
tradictions in the Civil and Political codes
of California and the numerous quirks in
the city ordinances, Mr. Peirsol finds that j
his time is taxed to the utmost in conduct
ing the legal department of the city.
But to attend to business with some ex
cited denizens of the Watts Tract declaim
ing against the impounding of their mi lch i
cow or family goat is impossible. Yet |
| this is what Mr. Peirsol will be expected
to do, for the City Council has resolved" j
that the Poundmaster shall share tbe
apartments of the City Attorney.
Probably in no other city of the Union I
! does the Poundmaster have the honor of :
I sitting side by side wilh the legal adviser
'of a big city. Certainly no other city har
bors at the present time a more indignant
City Attorney.
H. A. Weitzel thinks the arrangement is '
a very sensible one. He is the Poundtnas- !
ter, and be is busy at the present time try- j
ing to frame an ordinance for the govern
ment of pounds and the destruction of va
grant dogs that will serve as a model for the
county. Wnen he is ready he will hand
his note to Mr. Peirsol, and that gentle
man can put all the poundman' s ideas into
legal phraseology.
"The arrangement is preposterous," said
Mr. Peirsol to-day. "How could I attend
to business with angry people in the office
berating the Poundmaster. The people
with grievances against Mr. \Veitzel and
his deputies are not of the class that stand
upon etiquette, and I could never attend
to business under the circumstances. It
will never do, and I am sure alter I make
my argument that the Council will change
matters. There is plenty of room in the
Mayor's office, and Mr. Weitzel would
feel more at borne on the upper floor."
Mayor Davie thinks tbe plan as at
present proposed would work like a charm.
"First-class idea," he said to-day. "The
poundman does not require much legal
advice, anyhow, and he could then "be
where be could be obliged. Mr. Peirsol
and Mr. Weitzel should make good office
mates."
But the Mayor and the City Attorney do
not vote in unison except on the matter of
passing their monthly salary warrants.
CORONER'S FEES.
Henry Even Alleged to Have Collected
Too Many While In
Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— Deputy Dis
trict Attorney L. S. Church to-day filed a
complaint covering 159 typewritten pages
against Henry Evers to recover $1400 50
Farmer Martin of Elmhurst and the Goat That Forced Him Into Insolvency
with the 20 per cent penalty, making an
additional $280 10. This is alleged to have
been collected by Mr. Evers from the
county while holding the office of Coroner
upon claims which it is alleged are not
prope r charges against the county. With
it are ten additional pages of exhibits.
This action is begun upon the recom
mendation of the recent Grand Jury and
the h'gures am those produced by the ex
pert, H. K. Snow. The alleged over
charges were made between January 1,
1893. and January 1, 1895. The claims
were all regularly allowed by the Super
visors.
Among the charges collected is $5 per
body for taking them to the Morgue, $10
for an inquest purported to have been held
upon the remains of J. P. Vollmer, which
was never held, and 75 cents for mileage
in the same case. A charge of $5 for tak
ing the amputated arm of M. Cardoza
from Dr. Wooisey's hospital to the
Morgue appears as well as 25 cents mile
ace and $2 for the interment of the same.
A $6 25 cDarpe is made for carrying a por
tion of a woman's body to the Morgue and
?6 more for the rest of the woman from
Alameda beach.
Ex-Coroner Evers claims that the
charges are all just and proper ones.
OLD PIONEERS MEET.
Result of a Little Biography FublUhed
iv Sunday's •• Call."
OAKLAND, Cal., July 16.— D. D.
Prettyman of Salem, Or., is in the city at
the present time. Lately he met E. H.
Lennox, an account of whose first team
trip to California appeared in last Sun
day's Call, and compared notes. Mr.
Pret'yman came to the coast in 1847 and
has only once been back in the mean
time.
They had never met each other before,
but knew each others' fathers. Both
landed o» the coast at Oregon City before
Portland was heard of. In Prettyman's
party was the tirst stock of nursery trees
brought out here. The only newspaper
then in existence on the coast was the
Oregon Spectator, a weekly, published at
Oregon City. Prettyman has for years been
connected with the California and Oregon
Railroad Company in collecting cereals
and in I^Bo collected the exhibit for
"Oregon on Wheels" and took it East.
At one time he owned all of the prop
erty on which the Portland Water Works
stand. To-day be said: "If I had only
stayed there 1 would now be able to walk
i on $20 gold pieces and could throw them
to the birds— at any rate I would have
enough money to divide up with my
friends, but instead I traded the land for
a farm near Salem. My fatner told me I
would live to regret the day that I made
that exebange and I can trutnfully say
that he was right."
Mr. Prettyman and wife are now visit
ing a son on Adeline and Seventh streets,
who holds a position with the Southern
Pacific Company.
A McKlnley Button.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— August
Piene presented himself before Judge
Ocden this morning for an examination,
after which he hoped to be a full fledged
voter. To help along his cause he donned
alaignewMcKintey button, perhaps think
ing that it would carry weight with 14,
But Judge Ogden is not at all partial to
decorations and Pierre left the court with
the suggestion that he had belter study his
constitution some more. He knew little
or nothing about the principles of govern
ment.
Want* Hit Chases.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 17.— Albert Kay
ser, the proprietor of the Oakland Journal,
who printed the Observer until its disap
pearance several nights ago, was at the
City Hall to-aay looking for a search
warrant to find his chases, which disap
peared when the office was entered and
the contents removed. He said he had
loaned the articles in question to Mr.
Robinson and that they bad not been re
turned. Now he wants them.
BROKEN BY HIS GOAT,
It Ate Fruit Trees and Forced
Its Owner Into In
solvency.
Joseph Martin Files a Petition ani
His Only Debt Was Caused by
His Goat.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
908 Broadway, July 17. '
A goat with a record is the only asset re
corded in the insolvency proceedings of
Joseph Martin, an Elmhurst farmer.
Moreover the solitary William goat is the
direct cause of his master's insolvency.
Several months ago Mr. Martin leased
from Henry Hayes fifteen acres of fruit
orchard near San Leandro. Martin and
his family and the goat then moved on
the premises.
The tranquillity at the home of the Mar
tins only lasted a short time when it sud
denly ceased. The cause of the trouble
was tbe goat. This animal had only been
in the orchard one week when it developed
a pronounced taste for fruit trees. The
goat went trom one tree to another until
the major portion of the fifteen acres had
been ruined.
Henry Hayes, the owner, discovered the
spoliation of bis orchard, and he at once
sued Martin for damages. Judgment was
rendered against Martin last February for
$342.
Up to date Martin has not been able to
settle that judgment. He recently pave a
chattel mortgage on his horses and imple
ments to W. A. Rouse.
His only debt, according to his state
ment, is the judgment held against him
by Hayes. His only asset is the goat, and
nobody seems to want it. A goat with a
record of having forced his master Into in
solvency is not a desirable asset
HIS AMBITION
WAS NOT GAINED,
Judge Simonds Died Before
Building a Western
Railroad.
INTERESTED OAKLAND.
But His Schemes Did Not Com
mend Themselves to Busi
ness Men
A IAWYEE, NOT A PROMOTES.
Worked Hard to Induce San Fran-
Cisco Men to Give Support to
His Road.
Oakland OmcE San Fbancisco Call,)
/ 908 Broadway, July 17. )
The news of the death of John Cameron
Simonds, who died at Chicago yesterday,
was read with great interest in this city.
About a year ago Judge Simonds came
to Oakland and tried to interest promi
nent people in some railroad enterprises
that he was anxious to promote. Some
special meetings of the Board of Trade
were held, imd Juage Simonds appealed
and outlined his plans. He brought with
him some contracts from railroad builders
and the terms seemed altogether too easy.
The plans were submitted to the banks
and some inquiry was made, but the bo
nuses and subscriptions asked by Simonds
were not readily granted.
Correspondence was opened with Chi
cago and after that the schemes were
looked on with less favor than ever. His
purpose was to promote the construction
of a railroad from Oakland eastward to
connect with some overland trunk line.
His plan was first to connect with the
Santa Fe, but when he found the Valley !
road would preoccupy that route he con
ceived a plan for a line up the Sacramento
Valley from this point to join the Union
or Northern Pac'fic.
However, his plans were either imprac
ticable or too exacting to meet with favor.
President Keller of the Board of Trade
was particularly active in assisting tbe
deceased in presentinghis promoting en
terprises until he found his efforts were j
simply a waste of time.
After being disappointed in Oakland
Judge Simonds moved to San Francisco,
but was no more successful. A few
months ago he reopened communications
with this city, and on his last trip here he
presented some new ideas and it was
thought be was still trying to build a rail
road on the coast when news of his death
was received.
"Judge Simonds bad an ambition to
build a railroad on this coast," said M. J.
Keller to-day "He had some very feasible
ideas, and brought some good letters with
him, but he did not inspire local capital
ists with confidence. The Judge's person
ality was not such as to inspire the amount
of confidence necessary to invite people
to enter a railroad scheme. He did not
seem to realize the situation out here, and
considered that it would be a very easy
matter to build a road. He may nave
been a good lawyer, but he was certainly
out of his element when promoting rail*
roads.
"He interested many prominent people
on both sides of the bay, and the news of
his death was a great surprise."
THOUGHT HE WAS DUNHAM
A Berkeley Bicyclist's Un
comfortable Experience in
Santa Clara.
Imprisoned for Some Hours in a
Chicken Coop and Under an
Armed Guard.
EERKELEY, Oal.. July 17.— A. P. Nel
son of 2139 University avenue, Berkeley,
had a disagreeable experience yesterday
in Santa Clara County, when he was taken
for Murderer Dunham and confined for
some hours in a chicken-house, guarded by
armed men.
Nelson was riding a bicycle near Pajaro
and slopped to rest in tbe snadeof some
trees. His dozing was interrupted by the
appearance of three amateur detectives
with shotguns, who covered the bicycle
rider and commanded him to surrender, a
command that was auickly obeyed.
The supposed murderer was guarded
with the utmost care and some hours
passed before be was able to get messages
to bis relatives in Berkeley. He tele
graphed to his brother-in-law, Fred Fonzo,
asking the latter to come and identify him,
and Mr. Fonzo at once started for the
scene of trouble.
His services were not needed, however,
as Nelson had succeeded in convincing
his captors of their error before Mr. Fonzo
arrived.
New Officers of Mechanics.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 17. — Paul
Revere Council No. 28, Junior Order of
United American Mechanics, has installed
the following officers: Councilor, J. C.
Sheratt; vice-councilor, A. S. Woods; re
cording secretary, W. OL Bissell; financial
secretary, M. P. Geirrine; treasurer, 1.
Bchmitt Jr.; warden, E. J. Stewart; con
ductor, T. Turman; chaplain, J. R. Ayer;
inside sentinel, A. W. St. John; outside
sentinel, B. A. Turman; trustee (long
term), A. H. Wells.
The council will celebrate its first anni
versary on September 8. The committee
in charge of the celebration consist of
Paolo Salisbury, M. P. Geirrine, E. J.
Stewart, J. Schmidt, C. A. C. Bait.
Young; Republican*' Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 17.— The
Young Men's Republican Club of East
Berkeley has perfected its organization
and elected the following permanent of
ficers: President, Chester Smythe; secre
tary, C. A. Gregory; treasurer, James
Kenny; sergeant-at-arms, George Parker;
standard-bearer, Harry Morton: executive
committee — Frank Lovelana, George
Parker, W. H. Holden, James D. Day, R.
Steed.
The executive committee has been dele
gated to represent the club at the Republi
can rally to-morrow night.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jniy 17.— Athletes
of the south end have followed the ex
ample of tnose of West Berkeley and have
organized an athletic club of their own.
The new club is known as the Salinger
Amateur Athletic Club and will be raan
aeed by George A. Waterbury, F. Rice and
C. Batchelder.
A Berkeley day has been proposed for
the Aiameda County Exposition, to be
held in Oakland next month.
Mrs. Frona Eunice Waite will lecture in
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Shattuck Hall next Wednesday evening
on "Health and Beauty."
A meeting of the West Berkeley Athletic
Club was held this evening for the pur
pose of adopting a constitution and in
stalling officers.
Woodmen Elect Officers.
BERKELEY. Cal., July 17.— Peralta
Camp, No. 123, Woodmen "of the World,
has eleciec the following officers, who wiil
be installed nexL Tuesday evening: P. 0.
C, J. C. Turner; C. C, W. C. BisselJ ; A.
L. f W. E. Qwens; banker, F. N. Lovell ;
Clerk, E. Q. Turner; escort, George W.
O'Brien; watchman. W. Farwell; sentry,
C. Mikkelsen; managers, W. P. Woolsey,
J. C. Aiken, J. E. Little.
KELLER THANKED.
The County Federation of Trades In
dorse His Stand on Behalf or
White Labor,
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— At the reg
ular meeting of the Alameda County Fed
eration of Trades the following resolution
was passed:
WnaxAß, For many years organized labor
has been compelled to compete with Chinese
and prison-mftde ' goods, and whereas, our
feliow-townsmHii, M. J. Keller, has introduced
and succeeded in netting the Manufuctureis'
and Producers' Association to adopt a resolu
tion refusing the issuance of a license to any
member of the association wtio does not em
ploy free white labor exclusively, therefore be
it
Resolved, That the Alameda County Federa
tion of Trad£k tender to M. J. Keller a vote of
thanks for his efforts on behalf of free white
labor; and bo it further
Resolved, That we call on all members of the
affiliated trades and all others who are friendly
to free white labor, to use all influence in their
power in favor of the products of the M. J.
Keller Company, beHring the free white labor
stamps, to the exclusion of any firm or com
pany employing Chinese or prison labor.
A chip Jollification.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The Acme
Club has issued the following invitation :
On Saturday evening, July 18, there
will be a "jubilee smoker" to celebrate the
winning of the Baker <fe Hamilton cup
last Sunday in the hottest contested race
ever seen on the coast, when tha Acme
riders plucked victory from almost certain
defeat by their hard riding.
The cup will be on hand and all must
come to do it honor.
Every wheelman is especially requested
to bring either pie, cake or sandwiches.
Do not forget this; we are going to have a
great time. The smoker will be held at the
club. A. P. Swain, Captain.
Don't forget the date or the pie.
Wsnt a Lower License.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The propri
etors of the Oakland Trotting Park will
ask the Supervisors to reduce the license
for poolsehing and bookmaking at the
track.
Thomas "Williams has taken up his resi
dence in Oakland and will Start racing
here. His association has expended
about $25,000 in improvements during the
cast year. Mr. Williams promises that
minors shall be excluded irom the build
ing in which pools are sold. It is intended
to have a separate building for the purpose.
Abandoned Only on Condition.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The Hay
wards electric railroad's petition to aban
don certain portions of their franchise
came ud in the Committee on Streets last
evening. The merchants along Washing-
I ton street were present and opposed its be-
I ing done except on condition that no more
I coal or freight be hauled through the
I streets during the day. The petition was
I granted with this condition attached.
I The streets covered by the franchise in
I question are Clay from Thirteenth to
I Eighth and Eighth from Clay to Franklin.
I A Sew Process.
I OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— The police
I have made a new play in their lottery
I raids. They now secure a search warrant
I and then made a descent upon the sus-
I pected places.
I At 6:30 this morning Captain Wilson,
I Sergeant Hadkins and Officer Morrison
I raided a place on Seventh street near
I Broadway, and took the two Chinamen
Hand one white man to the City Prison,
Hwith all of the tickets and marking
H brushes. The white man was released on
I Loit a Suit of Clothes.
I OAKLAND, Cal., July 17.— A grass fire
HJthat threatened to do serious damage to
HJ standing corn broke out at Adams Point
HJthis evening. Edson Adams, the banker,
Hand ii is hired man organized a wet sac X
HJbrigade and fought the fire for half an
Hhour, before the corn was safe. The only
HJdamage was the ruin of the banker's
HJcloihes.
I HISTORY OF A DAT.
HjAlameda County Happenings Told in
HJ Brief Chapters.
H Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
■J 903 Broadway, July 17. \
HJ The public school at Melrose will open on
HJnext Monday.
I Miijor Washington Blackhurst of the Voluu-
HJtccrs of America will speak in the First M. E.
HJChurch Tuesday evening, July 31.
I Tbe will of Anna Schneider, who died in
Hj^m Francisco, has been filed for probate. She
HJl^-f t an estate worth $1000 to her children.
I Eliza J. Fry asks for letters on the estate of
Hfclarley X- Ft. who died at Los Alamos, S^anta
HBBfubaYa County, and left an estate worth
Hruooo.
It was recently stated that the Oakland In
dependent Fife and Drum Corps had played on
two different occasions without charge. This
tbe leader Claims was a mistake.
The bodies oJ the two unknown men brought
to the Morgue yesterday are still unclaimed,
and that of the one foumi floating near the
broadgauge pier is still unidentified.
Mrs. Rosie Jones, a domestic formerly em
ployed by the family of George W. Qrayson,
who became insane, has been sent to a private
asylum at the expense of the Graysons.
Frank Silveria, a carpenter, who lives at 829
Myrtle street, had a rib broken while wrestling
at the Acme Club last evening. Dr. Hamlin
attended him at the Receiving Hospital.
Charles Plummer is missing. Ho was in des
titute circumstances and started (or the County
Infirmary in the ambulance, but got off en
route and disappeared. He has not been heard
from since.
Robert Sternitzky wa* held to answer by
Judge Lawrence in the Police Court yesterday
on the charge of assaulting A. Semenza with a
deadly weapon, to wit: a rock. Bail was
fixed at $1000.
William 11. Knight. Public Administrator,
has applied ior letters of administration upon
tbe estate of the late Etimnnd M. Cooper, con
sisting of real and personal property of value
unknown to petitioner.
A sister of Peter Gordon, who made a pre
tense of shooting himself yesterday morning
to excite sympathy, came over from San Fran
cisco and gave him $5 to start out on. He left
the Hospital last evening.
William 11. Wilbur and the Union Trust
Company ask to have the will of Lou ise
Eleanor Wilbur admitted to prnbate. The
estate is estimated to be worth $5000, all oi
which is left to her two sons.
W. K. Knight, public administrator, asks for
letters on the estate of B. Mararan, who died
from blood poisoning, resulting from being
pecked on the hand by a hen. Deceased left
$1000 in a bank and personal property worth
about $50.
THE LARGEST WATER-LOOKS.
Great Improvements in the Steamship
Basins at Bremerhaven.
Next fall the new imperial harbor of
Bremerbaven will be opened to the public,
and a work will then have been completed
which must be counted among the most
important of its kind. The new barber
has been in course of construction since
1892. It will be protected from all sides by
very strong levees against the frequent
high flood tides of tne North Sea, and will
contain three large basins, which will
open during ordinary hinh tides, while at
ebb tide the entire complex system of
basins and passages will be closed off by
gigantic locks. Since the dimensions of
steamers are continually growing, and the
largest steamships of the North German
Lloyd must be able to enter the new har
bor, the entry had to be made large
enough for all.
The former inner harbor at this point
was greatly increased in size and a new
entrance was built, which : comprises, be
sides a : strongly built dike, over three*
quarters of a mile long, the largest lock so
far constructed. This lock will be kept
closed whenever the water in the Weser
River is lower then the depth of water to
be maintained in the harbor. When open
the lock has a clear width of 91 feet, the
gate being 38 feet high, the largest in the,
world. The length of the lock between the
two gates is 700 feet and at ordinary high
tide there is a depth of water of 33 feet.
The gates rest • into I two masonry struct
ures built on caissons of 20 feet in height
and solidly cemented to the ground. The
building ;of these structures, which took
place under very favorable conditions, has
succeeded surprisingly ■: well, considering
that is one of the most difficult technical
problems.
The entire construction rests upon pile
work, the length of the piles varying from
fifty to seventy Icet' Most of the construc
tion work was carried on during the ebb
tide, recurring twice every twenty-four
hnurs, so that only four hours a day could
be employed at that work, and that only
in favorable weather.. "What an immense
amount of work was necessary to construct
this harbor is evident from the following
figures: Twentj thousand piles were sunk
for a foundation, 45,000.000 cubic foet of
soil had to be tasen away on dry ground
and as much more dredged out by the im
mense dredges formerly used in tbe con
struction of the North Sea-Baltic canal.
At the entrance of the harbor 4,750,000
cubic feet of masonry were necessary to
strengthen the dikes and hold tbe colossal
locks. An immense drydock has been
built, immediately adjoining the harbor,
which will accommodate the largest vessels
of the world, its dimensions being identical
with that of the Jock at the entrance of the
harbor.— Louis Globe-Democrat.
» ♦ •
Mimicry In Plants.
An interesting case of mimicry in plant*
Is described in the Botanical Gazette, that
of the seeds of the "Pnilippine Island
bean," from the coast near Manila, which
so closely resemble the quartz pebbles,
among which they fall, in shape, size,
color, luster, hardness and stratification
as to be indistinguishable from them ex
cept by a very close examination. The size
and shape of the beans are both very vari
able, ranging from four to nine-tenths of an
inch in length; some perfectly resemble
well-rounded beach pebbles, while others
mimic pebbles which have been broken
across. Their color varies from moder
ately dark to light drab, some giving a
fai:it greenish tinge; others resemble peb
bles of chalcedony or of crystalized quartz.
Nearly all the specimens show a series of
approximately parallel darker lines pass-
Ing round, very suggestive of stratifica
tion. All are quite hard, cut only with
difficulty with a knife, and givs a clinking
sound when shaken together in the hand.
They are not affected by soaking in sea
water.
OCEAH STEAMSHIPS:
ASTORIA ANpORTLAE
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails.... ..July 27, Angust 6, 18
Buteot California sails. .July 22, August. 1, 11, 21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. ic
UOODALL PKP.KIXS A. CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Ace a*.
■ ' ■ RUT! M«>lrot «•.-»■.-
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COlPlff
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM Jb*A_
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as •*** i SSP
follows: '-.-."
For Mary Island. Lorins:, WranKaL Janeaa. KU-
lisnuo ana Bitka (Alaska), at V a. m., July 3, 13.
18.28. AU-. * 19, _• ,.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. k.
July 3, -. 13, in, 23. 38, and every flfm
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltla
the C. P. K. 8., at Tacoma with N. P. R. IV,
at Seattle with O. N. Ky., at Pore Townaend wlUi
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Ham-
boldt Bay) sir. Pomona, 2 p. it. July 5. 8. I*4
16 '_'i). 24, 2^ and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura, ilueneme. (San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jut)
2, 6, lv. 14, 18, TJ. 26. 30. and every lourtu day
thereafter. . .
For San Die?©, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
(Ban Lois Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it. .inly '•>■ 8, 12. 16, .20, 24, 2* ana ever*
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Quaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. it. Ju'y 3 ana '25th«f each month thereafter
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
(jOODAIiL, PERKINS <& CO., Genl Agents.
' 10 Market at. San FrancUoa,
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAIfSATLASTIQUS
French Lin«» to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER <XEW).42 NORTH J%m_
\J Kiver. foot of Morton st. Traveler* by iGSgnlt
this line avoid both transit by English railway anj ■
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. I New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Par.*
tirst-ciass $160: second-class, $116.
I A TOURAINE. Capt. Bantelll....May 2$ 8 a. it
LA KORMANDIE May 23, 8 A. K.
LA GASCOaNE Jure 20, 7 a.m.
LA SOBMANIIIK July 4. 6 a. M.
LA GAfrGOGNK July 25, Ua.li.
LA NORMANDIK... .... August 1, 5 A. U.
LA BOrRGOGNK. (apt. Lebieuf. June 6, 7 a. m.
AST 2*o? further particulars apply to
•„•-■ A. KDKUEr. Agent.
««,, No. 8 Bey mc ureen. New Yortt
3. F. . FT7GAZI <fc CO Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. '
OCEANIC S.S. CO. £% °* y TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, gU HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 1 ■*
AUSTRALIA. WS.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. MAKIPOiA sals vi» HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, July 23.
at 2 p. m.
a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. August 4, a 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLU A it Dili, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
(South Africa.
S D. SPRECKELS <£ BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
tc^^K fIAMBUKG-AMERICAS LIIK
»*«*n3P*«*g^ TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
"^^j* 3 *^. '"' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg. Paris * Bambar^.
F. Bismarck.... July 23 | A. Victoria. .. August IS
Normannia.... August 6 I F. Blrmarck. August, 20
I Cab., *75 and upward: 11. Can., 15 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V .free of Charga.
by special train; CHKRBOUKO-PARIS, 6y a h.
For passage apply Hamburq-Amkrica n Line.
37 Broadway, N. V.. or to KAHN & HERZOQ.
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /3wa»
fortnightly for the West Indies and AtSSBm
Southampton, callini; en. route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. FiTst class, $195: third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
FABItOTT & CO., Agents,
" SOU California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 0 P. Mi Dally. Ireighc received up
to .>::*<) .P. ji.
m&~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
- . ' - •. : ■ STKA3tEKS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
-_ Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and ImpU Co
fALLEJO. MARE ISLAKD, 'BEJICIA, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELLO,
daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:9o *. A
and 4 r. U. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 T. Mi
«aee»sfs»^sf . Sunday— a r. v.
•*».«. only. ■
din a. Mlaaloa 1, Pier •»
STEAMER ALYISO,
For Alvi'O, .San Jose, leaves Pier 1 dally at 10 a. x.
(Sundays excepted) ; Alvlso dally at 7p. *.'■ (Sat-
urdays exeepted). • Freight and Passenger. Fare
between san Francisco and Alvlso, 60c; to San
Jose. 75c. W. H. SMITH, Agent, Clay st. Pier 1.
J. T. MARTIN, Agent, 20 W. Santa Clara st., San
Jose. : " - ■■- • ' ■'-•*■■-■•■■ . . - -
S. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I62oKi:ABS¥KT. Established
A In 1*»54 for the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■I disease wearing on body andmindand
H skin Diseases, 'rbedoctorcureawben
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
■ «:nref»sriiar!inlf«Mi. Callorwrite.
Or. J. ft*. UI BBOK. Box 1907. San Francisco.
1314
BIRBS THAT ARE
"SERVING TIME,"
Some Twenty Cocks Held
in Marin County for
Debt.
MASON BOYS ON TOP.
Sad Sequel to Last Sunday's
Splendid Main Near Tarn
aipais.
CHARLEY DEXTER'S HAMS.
They Were Dispensed Gratis With a
Lavish Hand in tbe Shape of
Sandwiches.
The gamecock fighters from Contra
Costa and ran Francisco counties are feel
ing rather blue. Wnen they came to
gether last Sunday near Tamalpais station,
in the biggest main of the season, they
were the proud possessors of some sixty
birds in fit condition to right for any
body's money.
Some of the cocks died in tne pit and a
number of others succumbed to injuries
received there. StilJ, there were fully a
score of birds left with which to get up
another main next Sunday.
There were ten bird* belonging to Con
Mooney's coop and about a like number
belonging to Johnny Maher, the Berkeley
stockyards sport.
It is a long time since these two vete
rans of the pit have handled their own
birds against each other in the pit, and
the prospect of their coming toeether to
morrow was being looked forward to with
anticipations of great joy by the lovers of
the sport.
"It is all off now," as oneof the chicken
handlers said yesterday while reviewing
the recent main.
"It was this way: Mooney and Maher
loaned their birds to a couple of Sausalito
fellows, who had a good thing of it and
could get the main off without interference.
They were to pay $5 for each dead one
atter the ► main, and give Mooney and
Maher a percentage on the money that
went into the pool box.
"Well, they got to the ear of old
Judge Belrhue and he loaned them his
barn in wnicn to hold the main — right in
the heart of Sausalito. If it could have
been brought off there the attendance
would have amounted to several hundred
people at a dollar a head, and the betting
would have been heavy. But one of the
City Trustees got wind of the affair, and
called Judge"Belrhue down in great shape.
He was so emphatic that the Judge at the
last moment put a padlock on the barn
and informed the fighters that they would
have to find some other place.
"Constable Garrity was stationed out
side the barn with instructions to see that
no fighting be done in the township, and
the entire crowd had to go out miles into
the country to find a suitable location.
"They drove to old John Mason's distil
lery on the way to Mill Valley and took
the place by storm.
"John Mason Jr. and his two brothers,
Clinton and Harry, were about leaving
for a two-day deer hunt when they were
appealed to for the use of their barn. It
was granied, especially as the party of
cock-lighters assured them that they
would receive suDstantial rental for the
place.
"Charley Dexter, the well-known caterer,
had sent* out two cooked hams and a
basketful of bread, which ne intended
shouid be sold to the people, but the Ma
son boys beiug uninformed of this, served
the sandwiches and the beer free of cost —
everything Deing 'on the house.'
"At the clo-e' of the day's sport, the
spectators having driven away feeling
elated by reason of t c fun they had had
and in the pleasant prospect of a recur
rence of the same, the parties mainly in
terested sat down for a settlement.
"The Mason boys had taken in no money
at the refreshment stand and all the beer
and the two hams had disappeared.
They, therefore, made no financial re
turns, nor could they produce the hams.
That was the first hitch, the cock-fighters
holding the Masons responsible for some
thing like $20. an equivalent for a rough
estimate of 200 sandwiches and about a
like number of glasses of beer.
"The distillery young men, who by the
way, aggregate nearJy 600 pounds avoir
dupois, demurred.
"Finally one of them suggested a way
out of the difficulty.
" 'We wain $30 for the use of our barn, 1
he said, 'and as we owe you $20 for sand
wiches, there is exactly $10 coming to us.' "
"The other parties declared the use of
the barn was not worth over $2 50 and an
other hitch occurred.
"There was considerable wrangling after
that but the Mason boys carried the day.
The score or more fighting chickens were
in an adjoining house in barrels or else
tied up in gunny sacks. This house was
padlocked and the cockbghters invited to
move off the grounds without the birds or
else pay up $10.
"Th y moved and the chickens are still
'doing time' over in Marin County, where
they are being exercised daily by the Ma
sons in impromptu single set-tos or in
battle royal^J
LINCOLN REPUBLICANS.
An Interesting Meeting Ending With
Cheers for McKlnley and Pro
tection.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Lincoln Republican Club of Norm Beach
was held at its rooms on the corner of
Powell and Union streets last night.
The meeting was called to order by
Henry S. Martin and then Fred L. Jones,
one of its members, presented the club
with a beautiful life-size picture of Wil
liam McKinley. Mr. Cochran, who has
charge of the drill corDS, reported tnat he
was drilling the corps regularly and that
it would be the finest drilled corps in the
City. L. A. Rev delivered a stirrine ad
dress on the principles of protection and
predicted success tor the Republican
party in the coming campaign. Short
speeches were made by Alexander Camp
bell, C. Heinz, Thomas Mullin and others.
The club adjourned with cheers for Mc-
Kinley and protection.
FOR ALLEGED SLANDER.
.-■-■ ' . - _
Called a Swindler.
Harrie C. Briges, superintendent, treas
urer and general manager of the Red
Jacket Mining Company of Silver City,
Nev., began suit in the Superior Court
yesterday against Isaac Anderson for dam
ages for alleged malicious libel and defama
tion of character. Mr. Anderson is a con
tractor and house-builder.
Mr. Briggs said yesterday: "This man
Anderson is a stranger to me. He came
into my office one day last Febru
iry, called me a swindler before a number
Df persons who were in the office, said the
company was a swindle and otherwise
*bu*ed me. I showed iiim the doer. An
ier«on has 1000 shares of stock in the Red
Jacket Mining Company, for which he
paid 25 cents a share. He has paid $250 on
it, auu one 3-cent assessment. He bou^nt
his stock of W. M. McMillan and not of
I me. The company is all right; work will
1 proceed as soon as pending litigation is
i over, and I do not know what Anderson's
kick is unless it is that he objects to an
j other assessment."
•—• — » — •
WILLIAMS SURRENDERS.
The Ex-Inspector Say* He Has No Other
Intention but to Remain for
Trial.
Dick Williams, the ex-Customs Inspec
tor who was supposed to have skipped out
to Mexico, surrendered himself to Mar
shal Baldwin yesterday afternoon. Half
an hour later he was released on $4000
bonds, furnished by Jerome Millard, 336
Valley street; Joseph A. Kelly, 2207
Steiner street, and George W. Duffield Jr.,
1915 Larkin street.
"I have no intention of leaving San
Francisco," said Williams yesterday.
"Why should I? All my interests are
here, and I am confident of being acquit
ted on »11 the charges which have been
brought against me. Tlie rumor of my
going away probably came about through
the illness' of my child. The doctor had
recommended that she be given a change
of climate, and I intended to take her to
San Jose or Monterey.
"The story that I intended to flee the
country was circulated by my wife in a
spirit of revenge. Her idea ia to give me
all the trouble possible, and I must say
that she is succeeding fairly well. Please
say once for all, however, that I will be
here when my case is called in August."
CAPTAIN TRIBBLE'S TRIAL
Investigation Into What Came
Near Being a Ferry-
Boat Collision.
How the Tiburon and the San Rafael
Crossed at Close Range Near
Alcatraz.
An investigation was begun Thursday in
the office of tbe United States Inspector of
Steamships into tbe alleged negligence of
Captain W. T. Tribble of the ferry steamer
San Rafael on July 11, when ho almost
collided with the Tiburon off Alcatraz.
Considerable interest was shown in the
proceedings by the two railroad com
panies involved. A. W. Foster, president
of the San Francisco and North Pacific
Company, and James B. Stetson, president
of the North Pacific Coast line, were pres
ent and participated in the examination.
They were also represented by legal
counselors. W. A. Phiihps and A. 8.
Talbot, the Board of Local Inspectors,
conducted the investigation, and John K.
Bulger, Assistant Inspector of Steam Ves
sels, acted as secretary in the absence of
Thomas R. Craigie, who was sick. Cap
tain White of the Tiburon, General Man
ager Whiting of the Donanue road and
! Captain Tribble, the defendant, were
present.
Lonis Gerstle, who made the complaint
a.ainst Tribble, was the first witness
called. He testified that on July 11 tbe
steamer San Rafael was on her trip from
San Francisco to Sausalito, and through
the negligence of her captain she almost
collided with the Tiburon. The Sap Rafael
left her slip at 3:30 p. m. on the Tiburon's
starboard quarter and diverging from tbe
Tibnron. t-he was making the laster time
and gradually came into a course parallel
with the Tiburon's about 200 yards off.
Suddenly Captain Tribble changed her
course so as to cross the bows of the
Tiburon, and only the prompt action of
| Captain White and tbe rapid reversal of
1 the Tiburon's engines, in Mr. Gerstle's
j opinion, prevented a disaster.
Captain White gave testimony regard
! ing his course and the narrow escape from
! collision. After nauling away from the
City front h«> put his boat on a coarse
northwest by a quarter north, and she
was not diverted a point when the San
i Rafael drew near. He stopped the en
i pities and got his boat out of the way.
The investigation came up again yester
day, but was put over until vVednesday
! next.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LICK HOUSE.
J King A w, Ban Jose G McDonald, Coins*
HLI trd, Chicago a Baton A w, St Louis
Mrs Hayes, Cal Miss Hayes, Cal
ME Snow A w, Sacto A W O'Connor, San Jose
Mrs M 'Walsh. Stockton Miss Walsh, Stockton
A Perkins. Hantord F B Jones A w. Ferndale
X W Brown. Ferndale C P S-.ewart, 111
G W Stockwell, 111 J B Sexton. Napa
E T Buckley, Lakeport X Thomas Plymouth
A M Vincent, Coos Bay H H Clinton, Fresno
Mrs Feakes, Santa (raz Mrs Eraper, San la Cruz
W F Knglebright <fcfm, Mrs B Ilallett, Nev city
. Nevada City i C Van Nord»n, Auburn
L M Loom is, Calkl k F Allen. Cal
X Rawleos, Stockton P J S ockmnn, 8 Barbara
£ J Duffy. Cal A Goodm«n. Term
Mrs J Goodman, Term Miss it Growauer, Term
G \V Cal , Fort Koss J X Brown, Seattle
F C White. Fresno [ Copland, Sacto
G L Arnold. Los Angeles W S Lyle. Cal -
J i.anir, Calis:o;a - J Alexander Sonoma
C W Knight. San Jose G C Waters, N V
GRAND HOTEL.'
HC Brace <fc w.LAngelesM Franconnt, Paris
11 Williams, San Raiael W T Thorp, Larkspur
C P Mathew, Cal A E Eisner, Cal
A H Bciinabel, Newcastle Wli Schnab»l. Newcastle
A LS.inford, Cal . Mrs Thorn Angeles
Mrs Brown, Los Angeles X JU Mitchell, santa Rosa
G A Knox. Stockton A Paddle, Fresno
II A French, NY 8 G Owens. Bakersueld
Mrs M Campbell, Uklah Miss Campbell, Ukiah
John P Grozler, Mass T X Hughes, Mass
M T Allen* w,L Angeles Mrs X O'Nell. Cal
! 11 I* Anderson Aw. Cat X Heath A- w, NovatO
; J Fitch A «-, Stockton A Khie, Chicago
J Haley, Chicago A I Mcsoriey, S Andreas
L X .Mill. r. Los Angeles H Daley, Fresno
■ W p McFane, Ukiah Mrs Dory, Vancouver
I W Wright. NY DC Clark.' Santa Cms -
Miss D Wheelock, Cal P H Grauam, Williams
Miss O A March, Wood Id C N McLouth, N V
M T Baldwin, Lompoc E Oilman, Orovllle
Mrs A Ham, Suusallto ",. ■>
PALACE HOTEL.
J D Watson & wf.scruz W H Hnbbard, Illinois
S McMurtrie, Guadalope B M Carr. Stanford Uni
W C W Leech, Stanford O Lion. San Jose
H G Scott. Ban Jose Miss H O'Brien, Boston
W Brownnv.d, Montana J W Minium, L Angeles
F )• Perkins <fc w.NYork W X Hughes. U S I*
P Shipworib, Mississippi G C Stewart, St- Louis
Mrs G L Carden, Buffalo Ulan Cardeu, Buffalo
J C Taylor, Buffalo Mrs E W Koupps S Diego
Mrs Uoltsineer, 8 Diego W Blamet, U S N
W H Allerdlce. USA Mrs M Hubbs,New York
C L I.atnsoii, Ontario ■ . W B Kennedy. USA
S W Parser, New York FKoenfgs, Ireland
D J Hurley, Los Angeles B F Leeie, Reno
Miss Brown, K>rkwood ;
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs C Curumings <t dr A Pug'b, L* Porte
Mendota • W H Murgatroyd. Sacto
H Morton <fc wf, Sacto Mrs C\V Garrett Ach
J Seitz, Eenicia Fresno
W Carahy, s-ooora F S Calder, Nelson, B C
P Mcintyre, .-ont.ra W Jlarkan, Petaluma '
J J Daly, Stockton W Dawsou, Stockton
H F Chappln, Stockton Miss E Chapln, Stockton
C X sinai & wf, Chico G Wllsou & wf. Fresno
W L Warnekrou. Fresno Mrs Jl Ri.pelpe, Fresno
G F Bauer, Philadelphia M Pa tiller, Los Angeles
J E Coilins,Grass Valley A Mclube, Grass Valley
Mrs Lewis, Los Angeles G X Sargent, S H
J E Muskitt, Jackson .J C Ensign, Denver *-<•"'• :
| X Ensign. Denver., ■ „■, Ju La* lor. Walnut Crk
[ D R Harris, Fresno D Adams, Fresno
i W Kenny, Chicago - Mrs M Clafl d, Stockton
| H A Gets A wf. i.os Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. \
J J Duffy, Chicago v " :!OH sbanf, Chicago
j Pat King. Ireland • H Watham. X V •■.""■
C H Reynolds A w, Clnn R C Bowen A w, 8n Jose
E P Kpplnger, Los Ang R>» Irwin. Os Ang
J Adams. Laconia a Bowers. Laconia
{ i. Warding. .Seattle W H Hartelj . Beibany
.1 M Reddy. Chicago T B O'Brien. Los An*
Mrs M Jose. Lus Ang ; Mrs Mandeca, Los An«
G B Lyman. Baker City L T Smith, Jackson
Peter Oleson, »-acto R c MitcheJ, Chicago •
TFCorbett. ion and J Smith, Hay wards
M smith Haywards ■ Eva Smith. Havwards
Ma-, ie Mast. Haywards J \V Ptip &f. Colo
P. Brown, ChKago j f Jacob, Chicago '
E B -Nelson &w, Wash , v W Kaiatiof, Llvermre
'BALDWIN HOTEL.
i 5. Manlove, -iacto ;v BF- Hilton, Santa Crue
G E riant. San Jose D W Long. Oakland
W J Norton, Idaho -■. S TGoodbe, Salt Lake
(i V, (J.( J. r rM Ven< Loa An * ' A J Buckles. Falrfle d
T B Wllnjetn, -New Yrk J Groum, Paris
R Walters.'New York -;« H T Brown, New York
Mrs H Brown, Florida Miss C Miller. Seattle .
5 M Armstrong, Wd.ud Miss A Willie Colasa
C B Dai- Ing. Willows R smith, Fresno
Miss Watts. Bctte Captain Henele, Chicago
b Brook & w, New York Mis. a »cott, New York
■ ~ .».„" » < - — \
.Golden eagles are rapidly increasing in
the Scottish highlands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
SUTRO BOLTED
THE MEETING,
The Election Commissioners
Held a Stormy
Session.
LITTLE BUSINESS DONE.
The Mayor Refused to Put Mo
tions Made by Other
Members.
AUDITOR BRODERICK'S WIT.
M?x Popper Finally Recogn'zed as the
Representative of the
Democracy.
Mayor Sutro got up in tbe midst of a
meeting of tbe Election Commissioners
yesterday and left the other members 10
transact the business of the board. The
meeting was a repetition of those that
hare gone before during the week, and
wordy wrangles and personalities were the
order of the day.
At one stage of the proceedings Mayor
Sutro said tbat the rottenness of the last
election was appalling.
"That's so," rejoined Auditor Broder
ick "If it hadn't been rotten you wonld
never have been elected."
A little later, when the Mayor had an
nounced that he would insist that none
but those whose names appear on the as
sessment roll should act as election officers,
instead of heelers, as heretofore, he
brought the wrath of both the Auditor
and City and County Attorney down on
bis head.
"Sucu language is entirely uncalled for,"
said Attorney Creswell. "If you would
pay more attention to your duties as a
member of this board ana iess to playing
to the galleries, you would do more work
and not retard us so much."
Auditor Broderick threw in an em
phatic "That's what I think," and the at
tempt to transact business proceeded.
Commissioner Creswell said that to ease
the Mayor's mind he would move that all
names tbat had been submitted be con
sidered as nominees for positions in the
election booths. As there were but 5000 of
these the Mayor would have a nice little
time all by himself looking over the lists
and finding out how many are on the
assessment roll.
The Mayor looked blankly at Mr. Cres
well for a moment, and then, as the full
import of the motion broke upon him. he
took his turn at getting angry and said:
"I shall not entertain such a frivolous
motion. You are trying to defeat ray
purpose, which is to have an honest
election."
Further squabbling was prevented by
Max Popper demanding to know whether
or not he had been recognized as the rep
resentative of the Democratic party. He
said that there was some doubt in his
mind on this point and that he wanted
the matter settled before he attended any
more meetings of the commission. Com
missioner Creswell informed him that he
was so recognized.
This momentous question having been
settled to tbe apparent satisfaction of
those present the meeting adjourned until
this morning^
The German Hospital.
At the regular July meeting ot the board of
directors the following staff of physicians was
elected for the German Hospital: Vmiting
physicians— Dr. J. F. Morse, Dr. H. Kreutz
roann, Dr. G. Dresel, Dr. R. Baum; consulting
physicians— Dr. Beverly MacMonagle, Dr. w,
A. Martin, Dr. D. W. Montgomery, Dr. L. New
mars, Dr. M. Regensburger, Dr. Paoli de
Vecchi, Dr. A. Wilhelm. Dr. Max Salomau re
tains the position held by him for the past two
years as city physician of the society.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-530 Montgomery «r«et,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, •pea
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, opr-n until 9:30 o'clock
■ CHURCH NOTICES.
RSS* HOWARD-ST. ii.' & CHURCH, BK-
Er^ tween Second and Third streets, two
block* from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case. D.D..
pastor; Martin schultz, musical director; W. F.
Gibson, Sunday - school superintendent. . The
special music to-morrow will consist of solos by
Mrs Carrie Brown Dexter of Oakland, soprano:
Mr. L A.Hughes, violinist, and the Misses Pearl
and Maud Noble, cornet and trombone. Hours of
public services 11 a.m. and 7:45 p m. Sunday-
school at 12:30. Prayer-meeting Wednesday even-
Ing. Epworth League 6:45 Sunday evening. Morn-
ing sermon by Rev. Everett M. Hill. Evening,
lecture by the pas: or, subject, "Climbing Fools'
Hill." Te'ephone blacit 961. -
NOTICK OK MKJSTINGa.
IR^S* ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
I*^*^ annual meeting of the stock ho ders of the
San Francisco > and .-an Jonqulx Valley Hallway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1896, at the
hour of SI p. m., for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of .such other business as may come
before the meeting.
••■-••- ALEXANDER MACKIK, Secretary.
__._■___ SPECIAL NOTICES. ~—
BESS 31 i>a7 alfhed~~w7 "perry" has r&
»-*' moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones Ms., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st.
KS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
»-*' collection* made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgv <t.. room 6. Tp'. 6580.
.DIVIDEND NOTICES.
■tsjs=* DIVIDEND NO. 33 (25 CENTS PER
w-*' share) of the Hutchinson >-ii«tar Plan atlon
Company will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Mnrke: st., on and after Monday, July
20. 1896. Transfer book* will close Tuesday
July 14, 1896, at 8 o'clock p. it.
K. H.SHELDON. Secretory. v
SITUATIONS tVANTKD-MUIAr.IS.- ■
T ADIES ' INTENDING TO ENGAGE BKR~-
XJ vants wilt rind it to their ad\antage to call or
send theli order where pains are taken to supply
you with I reliable help. For servants of any na-
tionality call or send to J. F. CROSETT <fc CO
312 Sutler su ., - • _-.: • '*
CR. HANSEN * CO., 110 GEARY
• furnish the best family and • hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: I prompt at-
teution guaranteed : telephone »;rani 185.
EFINED LADY (MIDDLE-AGE) OF. GOOD
-It : ddress desires position for afternoon and
evening, or either as compan.on. or would ac : - an
nursery governess to children in gentleman's fam-
ily, or any other work where a well-behaved per-
son ii required and appreciated: speaks English
and German fluently. Inquire at 1 1 8y a Fulton st.
"i'Jespectablk WOMAN, WISHES A siti : "
X\ ation to do geneial . housework in Jewish fami-
ly: good plain conk and laundress; many years'
references. Call. or address Tweuty-aeventh and
FoUom sts. ■ -
DUCATED GERMAN LADY. SPEAKING
French and English, desires position as ' gov-
erness: ■ excellent : housekeeper: ■ splendid needle-
woman; town or country. Address E. N., box 116
Call Office. . - "
"D E FI~NED GERMAN LADY. SPEAKS ENG-
XXi lish and French, would like situation in family
or hotel; assist housework: ciever needlewoman'
Address M.Z., 1013 Post st. ' • • '
POSITION AS .HOUSEKEEPER BY . RE
J. fined, middle-aged widow.' late' fiom the East
for widower with ; family, small hotel or lodging-
house. ; 224 Turn at. -
ELI ABLE WOMAN, GOOD COOK. WISHES
-IV situation; would do some washing; rood refer-
ence. ,1226 Union at., rear. . ' ' " -
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
\ 1 f A N T E 1 >- B Y~X W O MAN"", WASH LSO : AND
• » Ironing, housecleaning or plain sewing, by the
day. Please call or address MRS. MACK. • 746
Mission.
T?XPERIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES j
XJ work of any kind by the day, $1; or a situation i
as housekeeper. 602 Howard at.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN
young woman In a German family to do gen-
eral honseworic. Address G. W., box 130, Call.
V oung GIRL WANTS SITUATION as a
x nursegirl. . Call or address 717 Stockton st.
"VI IDDLK-AGED LADY TO DO NURSING BY
J-'J-the day or housework and cleaning by day I
or week. Call 136 Eighth at. j
\\r ANTED— HOUSEWORK BY THE DA V BY i
'» German woman. Address MRS. E. WUES r,
624 Alabama st. :
X) KSPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN LADY
J»' would do housework and plain sew-in? part of J
the day in exchange for good room and board. Ad-
\ dress C, box 96. Call Office. . '
WANTED— HY AN AMERICAN WOMAN,
• P laceto do llcht housework; $6 per month.
Address 14 Day sU. near Twenty-ninth. I
Cit uation wanted by scotch woman I
KJ as cook in private family, or for housework In !
small family. 1702^ Polk at, cor. Clay.
I i ADY WotT l'l> LIKr. POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeaer or light housework.- Call 137 Seventh
su, room 4.
■yOUNG GIKL WANTS SITUATION TO DO-
X housework and cooking. Apply 2 days at 28Vii
31088 SU
T\RJiSSMAKER FROM NEW YORK WANTS
.7^. Wo l k at. ladies' houses by the day or at home.
305 Eddy su
"DELI ABLE WOMAN WISHES A PLACE IN
xx, the country; thoroughly domesticated; good
cook ana housekeeper. Address A. D., box 142,
"1%: OMAN WITH A CHILD WAN I 8 SITUA-
»» won; city or country; is good cook and can do
general housework. Call or address 221 Minna.
WIDOW WISHES POSITION A 8 HOUSE-
';, ke *P* r or Plain sewing, or work of any kind.
Call at 126 Fourth st., room 17, first floor.
SITUATION BY A FIRS ASS COOK;
w would go tn the country. 1768 Atlantic su.
West Oakland.
■^ARKIN-ST. BRANCH. 17021* POLK ST. "
T^LDKRLY PROTESTANT LADY WANTS A
x-i good home in a small family in return for ser-
vices; is a cood cook, neat and systematic; also
trustworthy-, references. Address MRS. D., box
109, CaU Offlce. .
COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
' to take care of chilaren and do sewing. Call
or address 3 Yerba Bnena st.
SI! ATION' WANTED AS COMPANION OR
nurse by reliable young lady. Address B. D..
box 147, Call Office. • ,-■..•
A' OUNG WIDOW DESIRES A POSITION AS
,„ honseteeper; city or country. , Call Ito 6 only,
122 Taylor at- room 18.
THIRST- CLASS WAITRESS, NEAT, THOK-
X Olli i / experienced, wishes work. Call or ad-
dress 708 Stockton st.
T? ELI A BLE SINGLE WOMAN, GOOD COOK,
xi> wishes a place as housekeeper or cook. 759
Mission su -.■•■■ r
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
► - to do.liKht housework. Address or call 875
Folsom st. , , •
i RELIABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
J-\> place to do cbamberworK or assist with house-
work in small family. Address or call, 321 Ellis
St., room 140.
0 YOUNG GIRLS JUBT FROM THE EAST
ff want situations to do general housework
Please call IU)7 Natoma St., off Eleventh, bet.
Howard and Mission. -
T)HSPECTA«LE WOMAN WISHES TO DO
xi/ housework in small family or upstairs work
and help with children; is handy at sewing, liaa
1 reat aye., downstairs ■
COMPIiTENTf YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
V^ with a child wishes housekeeper's position,
chamberwork or sewing; city or country. Call or
address 917 Market at., room 19.
\\ : ANTS SITUATION" — A COMPETENT
» » woman wants situation as cook or general
housework In a private family: good city refer-
ences; no objection to the country. Apply 29
Pleasant St., between Taylor and Jones.
yOUNG GIRL LATELY FROM IRELAND
x desires situation to do general housework or
upstairs work: is good plain sewer and knitter and
kind to children. Call at 1122 Harrison st., near
Seventh.
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW, WITH A CHILD
X of 7 years, wants situation; city or country; is
good cook and can do general housework. "call
610 Clay st. . . ■
SITUATION WANTED TO DO SEWING BY
O a capable seamstress: children's clothes ana
plain d i esses neatly made; car fare and $1 a day.
Address Woman, box 110. Call Office.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing and Ironing. Address S. W., box
101, Call Office. ~
r OUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WANTS
. p jsltlon as working housekeeper. bOsi,<j Mar-
ket St.. room 18.
ESPE<_TABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE
ch*mberworic and sewing: do objection 10
country. Addreas M. M., 1642 Twenty-fifth su
r OUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION AS
-I housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth su, room 10.
y"UNG LADY, UNIVERSITY AND NOR-
X mal graduate, desires a position as visiting or
resident governess: English, German aud French;
hlgheat references. . Y. L., box 98. Call Office.
DRESSMAKEIt, GOOD CUTTER AND FlT-
ter, wants a few more engagements at $1 60 a
day; references: speaks German. Addiess A. H.
P.. box 90. Call Office.
DRESSMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING;
cheap. Call or address 2118 Mason au ■
V'orXG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN be-
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian: well educated: also good seamstress or
care of children. Call 2030 Pacific aye.
\\r INCuKd . KH HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable; !
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTJi:i>-MAI.E.
ANSEN <fc CO., ilO^G^AltY^TTi'^Jß^
• nlsb haymakers, threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BKADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
I_> C.U. CXJOJC'a s>o^. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .1 ranches notice, i4Uearv. tel.(iranc 4j.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 8148 Sutter: tel dram 80.
HINESK ANI> JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414 O'Farrfll; teL K. 423.
"VF.AT AND WELL-EDUCATED JAPANESE
XI young man wishes a situation where he can j
have time to study and earn a small salary; has ,
had experience In office 'or general housework,
or can wait at table; best of references. Address
W. T.. box 127; Call Office.
OTEADY SOBER MAN WANTS position
0 on private place; understands driving, care of |
horses, cows and plain gardening; 5 years in last
place: good references. Address A. D., box 10,
Call Office Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN-
-0 American boy of 16 who Is living with his par-
ents to work In office, store or wholesale house: he j
can keep books and Is a good penman. Pieaae ad-
dress 17 Beaver si. • •.*
eliabTk man wishes SOME book-
keeping for small stores. Address A. 8., box
88, this office. ■■.
LECTRICIAN AND MECHANICAL
draughtsman wants position: competent.
Please address D. M., box 33, this office.
PROFESSIONAL VIOLINIST AND PIANIST
X wishes engagement to travel or otherwise. Ad-
dress P. V., box 86, Call Office. ■ '...•'..■
ERGETIC HONEST YOUNG MAN WISH-
XJ es position of some kind of work; very handy
_with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call.
HANDY JAPANESE GAKDENER WANTS
a situation to take care of horses and cows-
understands all kinds of work: 2 years in lust I
plac». Call or address HARRY SUZUKAWa, I
113 Church st.
\\! AN TED-BY STRONG YOUNG MAN, POsI-
" tion as night watchman or janitor; hotel or
office buildings; best of recommendations: will
give bonds to any amount. Address Special, 1411 I
Lark In Rt. ■. • •
OITUAIIOM BY COACHMAN (ENGLISH);
kJ thoroughly understands his,busln<vs, also Far-,
den and cows; will ln« about place: first class refer-
ences. Address TED, 2253 Buena Vista aye.,
A lamed a, Cal. • ■
\\' ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN AND WIFE.
" with no children, situations in hotel or restau-
rant or on ranch; country preierred: beat of refer-
ences. Call or address H. BISSKLL, 1807 Mission.
BY STEADY YOUNG GERMAN-AMERICAN,
XJ any kind of work In large house; handy at any-
thing; (tool r. ference. : Address . A., Call Branch
Ollice. 116 Ninth st:. • :_\
VV iNcxliLSsiiLK HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: - -.'OO
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per.
week: irea bus and baggaceto&nd from the ferry. 
AN AIIfHOkMAM ACCUSTOM TO FINE
-TV trade wants a position; age 28 years; best .of
references. Aadress M. M., box HI. Call Office.;
SOBER, INDLSTRIOUS YOUNG MAX
wants to lea.-n barber trace. Address S. B. V.,
box 137, Call- Offlce.
1' V STEADY YOUNG MAN TO, DRIVE
1 ' butcher wagon and help In shop: has some ex-
perience. . c. 8., care F. RAHLMANN, South Sau
Francisco. ... - ■■_ ;- r
W INE-CELLAB MAN, WITH EXPERIENCE
_•». In winf-maklni;, having good • references,
wis.iei position as wlnemaker. Address J., box
146. this office.
TpjKST-CLASS = LAUNDRYMAN WITH 10
-» years' experience at running a SU Clair shirt-
polishing machine wishes a position. Call or ad- I
dress MyrUe st. Oakland. . . ' '.
S" TRONG BOY, 18 YEARS. OLD, SPEAKING
kJ trench and English, wishes' a situation in a
store or wholesale hot-s-; will make himself gen-
erally useful; is able to help with bookkeeping if
necessary: lives with parents. ■ Address ■ Utility,
SITUATIONS 1 WANTED— f
BIING A PRACT^C^L~M7NIEK^A^rr^PROS^
pector in placer and quartz, also expert, with
mineral rod. wants partner to furni h grub, outfit
and expenses for prospecting. W. A. M., 231
Sanchez st. - . ;?$ .'.-:-} ■ ;
V OU NG~ MAN WANTS POSITION WITH
X private family; ■ understands the care of horses
and driving; good reference. D. MULLED Y, San
Mateo. ' . -
GERMAN GARDENER and MAN about
VT place; gcod references. Address Gardener,
box 6, this office.
VOUSU MAN, 23 YEARS OLD, WANTS PO-
X- sltion on stock ranch: accustomed to horses;
will take part pay in horses. L. WHITELEY, 781
butter st., San Francisco. . , • ,
\\' i^CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and liaroi'i' to nn^ from ih>» ferry.
I'liHALii ; II.fc.JLF WAXHUI, v :
IV ANTED— 2 GERMAN COOKS, $30 AND
»' $35: 2 Scandinavian girls, same house, $25
and $20: 2 glris for ,e"eral housework for Ala-
meda, $20 and $25: Eureka. $25; laundress 'or
Oakland. $25: chambermaid, country hotel, $20;
waitress for restauran ,$6 a week. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 suiter su
* ) WAITRESSES, COUNTRY HOTEL, FARE
& paid, $20; waitress springs, 1 fare paid both
ways. $20. ■ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
GIRL TO CAKE FOR CHILD SIX YEAKS
VJ and do sewing, $15; call early. c. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. lIP Geary st.
L V RENCH IIiONKK, NEAR CITY, $30;
X fancy ironer, country. $25 to $30; French laun-
dry, extra hand. c. R. HANSEN k CO., 110
Geary st. . . . " . -.
PBKMAX COOK, NEAR CITY, PRIVATE
VJr family, $20; German or Scandinavian house-
keeper, ranch near city, $20: German girl for
housework, city, with reference, $16. C. R. HAN-
SEN co., 1 10 Geary st.
\K~ AITRKSS, RESORT HOTEL, $20. FARE
«" paid: 2 waitresses, nic» country hotels, $20,
etc.; waitress. Uklah, $20, fare paid; 4 waitresses.
city hotels, $20, etc. ; fancy ironer. $25, board and
room; cook for 10 men, $18 per month.
Family cook, $25: German cook, $25; girl for
Alvarado, $20; M girls' lor housework. $16 to $25:
16 house»irls to taite places from $10 to $15: 12
girls to assist, nice places, $5. $8, $10 and $12 per
month. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 748
Market BU
TV EAT GIRL OR AMERICAN WOMAN,
XI chamber^ork and plain ashing, country
hotel, $15. rare paid; German or Scandinavian
woman on ranch.. $20, fare paid; laundress, $20:
3 waitresses, same, country hotel, $20 each.
M RAY & RKADY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
GERM A. GOVERNESS, $25; 3 GERMAN
second girls, $25; trench maid, $2j: laun-
dress, $30; cook. $35; 25 hot: work girls, city
and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls assist,
$10 to $16. .MIS 3 CULUEN, 323 sutter st.
COOK, BOAKDING-HOUSE; $25. MISS CUL-
> LEN. 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN OR FRKNCH COOK; $35. MISS
M CULLKN, 323 Sutter St.
ERMAN OH DANISH HOUSEKEEPER,
VT "s?(>. Miss Ll F-N, 323 butter St.
V . .. -Thi/ — I'i.OTKtTANT LAUNDRESS.
'» $25: German cooks, »25 and *35; German
and French second piris, $20 and *25: German
nursery governess, *25: French girls for house-
work and assist. and $10, LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton *!. ' . ,
\\r AITKKcS. COUNTRY. $20. HOTEL GA-
VY ZETTE, 420 Kearny si.
PERMANENT POSITION IN BERKELEY
-»- for neat, liable girl or woman*, general house-
work: 2 adults; wages $8a month; American, Ger-
man or Swede. Address N. C box 88. Call Ofllce.
GIRL. 11 TO 13 YEARS, FOX LIGHT WORK
r in exchange for gocd home and clothes: Cath-
ollc preferred. Address A. M., San Pablo.
\OUNG GIRL. FOR LIGHT HOCsEWORK
X and children ; wages $10. 2925 Jackson st.
GIRL TO WORK IN LABELING DEPART-
ment. Call after 9, 40 Geary su
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X 1409 Duptmt st. . .
\\' ANTED— GOOD WAITRESS; WAGES $6
' " a week. 7 Taylor st. '
ERVANT GIRL WANTED. 1229 ELLIS ST.,
between Octavia and Laguna.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN SMALL FAM-
lly, wages $12. Cull 1 . 9a Bartlett st.
' OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
■X work. Apply 9a Sixth st. ■
\\ ' A TED— GOOD FRENCH OR GERMAN
»» girl for waiting at table or second work; ref-
erences. Call bet. 10 and 12, 5 and 6, 1640 Pine st.
SERVANT-OIKLTHAf SPEAKS GERMAN
tor small family; no children. 615 Twenty-
first st. .
OOD GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
T housework . 933 Hal>:ht st.
WANTED- PU PILS" TOLEARN NEGATIVE
»" retouching; terms reasonable. 131 Post st.
\\T ANT.-. D — GIRL FOR GENKAL HOUSE-
'' work In country. Call at 322 Turk st.
REFINED LADY TO MANAGK AN OFFICE
business. Call 131 Pest, room 21. ■ . :
AIRDRESSIN'G. 250 AND Ssc: MOP.NING
and eve classes; 10 lesions. sl 50. 1248 Mission.
ERFKCT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
-1 making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
DOWELL Academy.636 Market,opp.Palace Hotel.
LADIES— FKEK ! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues..2to3: dresscutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
»'X Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
P'-rwe.-;.-- in-.- 'bin ii'id 1 nggw " loaml fr»m f»rr---.
MALcI mm* >> ANTJiJO.
WAKTED-3 BUITER^MaT£^Rs~S26~AND
»» »fco; 2 Kastern farmers. $20 and found; wine-
cellar man, $1 day and $80:4 lanndrymen, .$1:0:
laborers for mine; lurnace man, $42 and found;
errand-boy for rountry, *10 and found, and others.
Apply to J. F. C'ROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento.
\y ANTED— HOTEL COoK, $50; CONFKO-"
»» tioner, $14 .weex;. French bcamaker. $20
and foiiriU: restaurant cook, and others. Apply to
J. F. CKOSEITdECO.. 628 Sacramento st.
IprRRT-CLAS.S RESTAURANT COOK, $75 TO
$100; head and second cooks, country hotel
$100: cook and wife, country hotel, $70 to $80;
pastty cook, country hotel, $40; broiler, restau-
rant, $55; second cook, restaurant. $55; German
cook, country hotel, $35 to $40: neat Eastern sec-
ond head waiter, $50 ; 6 waiters, hotel, arm work
$30: 3 waiters for resort, $-5: 10 waiters, restau-
rant, city, $25, *30, $35, C. R. HANSEN & CO..
110 Geary su .
LACKSMITH, $3 A DAY; BLACKSMITH,
$40 and boar.l: sugar-Dine edgerman, country,
$50; 6 farmers, same ranch, steady work, $20; 10
farmers, $16 and $20. C. R. HANSEN <& CO..
110 Geary si. . . -
D~~ISH WASHER. HOTEL. NORTH, $20 AND
fare advanced: dishwasher for a resort, $20-
-6 dishwashers, restaurant, city, $20, $25, 430 C
R. H AN>EN & CO.. IlQGeary st.
"1 0 COOKS. HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS!
X\f $66, $50, $40, $30 and $25; 3 dishwasher*
$15 and $20: baker for a camp. $30; cook and
wife; 3 ranch cooks. MURRAY * READY
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay.
■\f AN TO RUN-BINDER. $35 AND F.-UND:
1U boy to ride horse, $15; 20 farmers. $30. $26
and $20; mountain teamster. $30; 6 milkers $2V
5 butter-makers, $25: 3 choremen for a ranch. $16
and $20; 5 laborers fora mine, $35 per month and
found; 20 tiemakers; farmer arid wife, see boss
here. MURRAY" 4 READY, leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
VTO. 1 COt iK. RESORT HOTEL, , MUST DO
-^^ pastry, $60 and r»om: 2 waiters, small places.
*20and room. MARTIN'S Employment Agency.
749 Market .  , .-..■:
X\T ANTKD — A SALESMAN WHO HAS A
.»» thorough knowledge of the stove and hard-
ware business, and who has had some experience
as traveler. Apply by letter, stating salary re-
quired and references, to C. D. box 107. Call
Office. v. .
GENTLEMAN WANTS A GOOD, STEADY
young man to travel with fcim for his board,
clothing and expenses, and • will make himself
generally useful; to such a person a snap. Inquire
Immediately, from l to 4, at 820 Geary st.
F KICK-BOY, ABOUT 16 YEARS OLD 7
must write a good hand. Address P. O. box
2628. . ■■ ■ ' ■ - ■ - • -
GOOD BARBER, (SATURDAY AND SUN-
day. 43^ Third st.
ARBER SATURDAY AFTERNOON. 872%
Howard St. . .
ARBER WANTED. 607% ' HAVES ST..
Sat urday evening, Sunday; *4.
BAKBEH WANTED. 14 Vi MONTGOMERY
avenue.'.. * •**;■'.' "'■*&i«N*-> J ir 'YJpS>?S!£*v!SSSEBMBb
AKBEK TO TAKE. CHARGE iOF SMALL
shop. 709 Fifth aye.. near Bay District.
ANTED— A POLISHER AND PLATER.
» ' 225 Bealest.'. ■-:■
rpHOROUGH 8 \ LOON MAN WANTS PART-
X ncr to open business. :■ R., box 21, Call Oflice. •
1 \ISHWAbHER, WANTED AT 3279 MIS-
XJ sion st . . '■' ' •.:..
OID : TAILOR ON COATS. 527 NATOMA
streeu ... - ;. j ..*
GOOD KITCHEN HAND WANTED; $15 AND
-, room. 1805 Halght St. .. ; *_\ , .;_•;.•
X\T OOD-TU KNr.It WANTED. POTRERO FUR
'». rlture Factory.
OY BOOTBLACK WANTED. 409BRODERI
riCk St. '..-.'• :- ; .... .;■ ■ ■•■ '■-.:.'.:,*
WAITER WANTED. , 104 SEVENTH ST. -
XV ANTED-SHOEMAKER TO BUY REPAIR^
'» ing-shop; cheap. 1222 Mason st. ' -
ANTED- BOY ACCUSTOMED TO FUKNl-
ture and upholstery work. . H. J.. box 4, Call.
BOY WANTED, IN~ DRUGSTORE.- COR.
Gongh and •McAllister, sts. , - . :
T WILL GIVE IN- EXCHANGE FOR BOARD
X and room, to one person only, a thorough edu-
cation In stenograpny; answer at once, stating
educational qualifications. .Address R. 8.. box 85,
VICELY FITTED UP SALOON. BETWEEN
1> factories: $46 If sold at once. 235 1 hird st.
If OR SALE-BAKBKR-SHOP, 16c., DOING
r a ond ho.ln<iu. 131 O'F»rn.ll ! . ' JJVi '* v
» HELP WAKTED-C PP^jPggJLL—
]> ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
«-> retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh.' H. Bernard.
I^AKBEKS— FOR >.MFLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. c. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
I> ARBORS' PROTKCTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) ment secretary, CONRAD 'IRQ ELL, 667 Cay.
AKHKIt.-;' ASSOCIATION Or' ( Ai.hMl'Wi-
J > menu Secy. i*. C. Hamann. -. : 9V's«>'Karr<»ll. "
BARBER-SHOP, "REVOLVING CHAIRS; IM-
mediatesale: departure: bargain. 617 East st.
wanted — KELIABit* RKAL estate
f » man as solicitor: must nave good reference.
Address T. 8., box 106, Call Office.
SCANDINAVIAN TAILOR TO WORK IN
0 shop; 533 Second st. H. J. JOHNSON.
ON' X OR TWO PERSONS TO JOIN- CAMPING
party. ■ Apply at once, 437 Fourth st. ■
hOY TO LEARN BARBER TRADE. 21021,4
Howard st.
\\' A.NTKD — FIRST-CLASS AGENT FOB
'T laundry. 685 Thirtieth St., Oakland.
VI T A T D-FO R THE UNITED STATES
'» Marine Corpj, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 6 feet 6 Imbes in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and SDeak English properly; only citizens of
the United Sta:es or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
vice offers special inducements; giving oupor-
t»nltles to visit all parts of the world on hoard "our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrui ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
A NTE D-FO EMA N FO STEAM LAIN"-
" dry; must understand his business and be a
sober man: a good place for the right p<rty. An-
swer by letter and give references. Address box
»5, Mercury Office, San Jose, Cal.
\k/ ANTED— STEADY MAN IN COMMISSION
• 'business: will pay $75 per month: cash re-
quired SlBO. See STRAND A CO., 45 Third su
OY TO LEARN GROCERY BUSINESS;
must reside with parents. 126 Clay, bet. 4 and 5.
ARTNER WITH $50 IN WELL-PAYING
cash business: clears $50 each. 235 Third st.
SHOEMAK FOR SALE CHEAP.
336Goughsr,
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
X* 3d and 4th— Slnele famished rooms, nl;ht 15c to
week $1 to $2 50 ; reading-room strictest atten-
tlon to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
GRAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $8 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 25: all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days In order to enlarge store and
put In new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hote:.
\\T INCHESTER HOLSK, 44THIKD ST..NEAR
»' Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\Y ANTED— AN IDEA : WHO CANTHINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & r>o., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prlz« offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\Y HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
» • selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission st.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
FREE BEER— 2 SCHOONEKS FOR sc; ALSO
a bottle of lager or steam, sc, at 637 Clay sU
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT,
$1 week. Rosedale Hous. , 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
1 IXDELL HOUsE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
X; sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c nighu
"1 iin MEN To TAKE LODGING *.T lOC, 15c
-ivy and 20c a night, including coixta anil roll*
£24 Washington Bt., near Kearny.
S.-REMOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hotluncb, sc.
ODGINGS, 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
Continental House, 521 Pacifl . below Kearny.
BKST IN CITY- -SING • E ROOMS, 15, 30 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 26. SI M> per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Lolge.idorff sts.
W** ARK SHufci DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• » your old shoe and make them a* good as new,
■nd with our new machines we can do your wqxk
one-half the usual p.-lce; done whilo yoa **«•
662 Mission st.. between First and Second sts.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3-. ladles', gents' and children's mtstii and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. .
OOMs 16c TO 76c PtR NIGHT: 50c TO SI 50
per week. Oriental. , 225 Drnmm su
\\T ANTED- BORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
» » er.«fccl erics. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
LCHO HOUSK, 863VS, MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c., 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
EN' TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grccenrTceep It.
W ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY; $1
r-eek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a wee*;
reading-room: daily papoti. 36 Clay st.
WANTED - MErr~TO~~LKARN ~BARBKR
'» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent, K'F. Barber school. 1515 Howard.
~~~~ AOJSN'I'S WANi'iil>.
"EMPIRE LIFE. "^"^
PURE LIFE—
INSU R ANCB—
\ I — -AT COST. — -
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
© C UP|A DAY-MEN AND WOMEN. CALL
*$)*J room 433. Emporium building, fourth floor.
AYE LI G- MEN TO HANDLE SIDE LINE-
X also a few city canvassers. 9Vi Kiglith «.
A GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
XI- sell: makes money. Department A, Detroit
Faper-hae Company. Detroit, Mich.
WA>'TEl>-MISCiiL.I,ANJ<:oUS.
rirAIfT^D^CABTN^T^^TH^H^EATp^oR
■ " cash. Address 29 Eddy St., room 28.
' ANTED— TO EXCHANGE A PKT DEER
for a bicycle. CN.PABMENTER.WInters.CaI.
SECOND - HAND KODAKS, CAME HAS'
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SKLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTH IN AND JEW
elrv ti»A. KI.KiN. !113 Sixth *?.: send r>o*taL -
EDUCATIONAL,. i.
KS?"ai?ELVILLE i SN'YiSeB, 715~ POST^tT-
vocal music; i lano: elocution: practical'
Shakespearean and general dran atic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal classes Monday," 8 p. M.: *1 a month.
MRS. A. LUTHER, LESSONS O » PIANO
guitar and banjo; 25c. 1241 Vi Market st.
A YVES V STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
t\. su The very best Individual instruction-
-20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
YRES\ THE LKADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Ufa
scholarshlu $50; low rates per week and month.-
, ELASCO'-> LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1- Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
S~ CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
O chanlcal engineerlnc. surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
LOCUTION. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
caI culture, voice ' culture: appearances ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde su : call after Ip. m. ■>■.;■
URB \N SCHOOL AT 2 124 CALIFORNIA ST.-
opens Jnly 27, 1896. N. W. MOORE ,
LMA E. HYKR, PIANO, MANDOLIN, BAN-
JO studio. 405 Geary, R. 17: hours B to 10 p. h.
OOKKI'NU, WKITNG, ARITHM TC. GKAMR
nl.-ht: nocla^scs: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MAKY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
B OWEN'S ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY A YE."
Berkeley: special classes tor the universities.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
in singing; $4 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH URKVEN, VOICK-IMPIIOVEU,
O Ninth st. -■■■-*- < . ■ ►
.... DtMlsrs. ~ "" "~~
nR^O^E^E^rATA^S^cTA^ToITTsTMARr
\J ketsu, bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists-
only reliable agent for painless extraction- art. ti>
c^sfwuh^l!: 81 ' 1 " 8 '""» *'■• '™™«°* 50
TJIIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLA^H
-T prices; first-das* results: painlesf extraction
of teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W " IU°H
DINC, CM.. M.D., 600 Sut:er st., corner PoweU.
I) 14 - LUDLUM HILi., J4l.r"jiAKKfc;r aT
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting wti«n
plates are made: old plates made over Uk» new
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 6 0 c; iai given '
T\R. GKOKUK W. v LEEK; \TH X GiSt VTlir
' Leek dent isi . discover-r of p»Vnlesi i tmracVlon
and patentee or Improved bna^ work or feetS
without any plate, movedfromjtn Kurretl «!
D v - 1 ~ l - ' KANst— ex Fraction paint m 1
crown work, bridge work and teVVh wUho^-
plates a specialty. IoJ_Gearv st.. cor tTrinrTav-.
oentlsu 930 Market st^nexi ° Baldwin' Thiff.
jJAINLESS ' EXTRACTION 60c- — i-Rnwv
T)?r* J " LEKK . 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
«-«• ■»»— Qu«» •venlnw. Sundays till mua.
\ PEKSONAILS^
'tTkwTsH^OENTLEMAN, 29 YEARS OLD,
J with a n!ce small business, would like mmccl
a nice Jewish youn-' la \y wMh sonte means W hc
would be willing to hell- extend l u.e business, ob.
ject matrimony: conflden.ial. Adtlrejs M. Z., box
38, Call Office. - , -
REWARD-MAN MISSING; BY NAME
JAMES DKMATTISI: scavenger by pro-
fession: shoes cut on toes; age about so years. L.
FIGONE, 425 Broadway. " ' .
CARD READING, 2tc; LADIES ONLY. ROOM
t/ 17, 344 McAllister St., 1 t-i 8 P. M. __
4 DVICE-FREE; DIVOKCh. LAWS A SPS.
A clalty; private: no charge unless successful: all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, vat-law. 850 Market si
"DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration,4 24 Pine st., is now
open, after the vacation. ■ For particulars apply or
address above. ■ - '
0 liD JOB COMPANY, 1028 MARKET ST.,
do job work In all branches, guard dwellings
and o her. property at a 1 moment's notice; tele-
phone Mint, 601. WISE <* i.l;l-.i-.\HAN.
* LICE - THAT ACTRESS WHOSE HAIR
A you admired so much had It. dressed at .G.
LEOEKER'S. 11l Stockton St.. for -only 2oc;
IiEDERi-.K also sells that "Quinonia' hair tonic
which I told you about; he does good work. GEO.
SURE dURE FOR POISON OAK. RING-
k> worms' aud other skin, troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied:
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francis*-©. Ca'. .
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 1-ti Kearny at., room 47.
MRS. SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
iYL 865% Market st, , room 12.
LADY. STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner :small capital. 122 Postst..,r.2
1 EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WliH-
Xj out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFF.KESS. 402 Montgomery St.. room 18..
LjlG OUTDOOR STJ.UEOP-1 ICON SHOW tVB-
-D ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc ; also
dress (roods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings. ,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\ir.ATOH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRI TTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
"CUITS TO OttDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
O guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talo-ln^«'»i»ipiiiiy.l 117 Miirketst.,bet7th and Bth.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchce,63oMarKet
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat: dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
manufrs' cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JKW-
XJ elry. etc.: lowest rates. P4B Market st.
HTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clOtlnnL- bontriit. niI.VJN. 41 'in. cor. ■■»«.
DKESSMABJiKS. ~~
TPkRESSES $2 UP: WRA~PP^R£f3SISE^TS~tTp7
U lawn $1 up. 50534 Natoma St., above Sixth.
MUSICAL UsslKtUii.M'i.
"V'nothkr special inducement .for
xi. purchasing from Sherman. Clay A Ca ; ele-
gant new upright pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
$6 cash payment required: every Instrument
rnarauteed. SHERMAN. CLAY <fe CO.. cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway A Sons' pianos. m
LEARANCK SALE; NEW UPRIGHTS; »150
\J up; everything at cost. BRUENN, 228 Post.
/^LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
\J small goods at - prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 30: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT! 929
Market st., Spreckels building. . ■-.'■ :"; --',
N OP' ORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED;! AN
excellent upright piano, fine action and tone;
guaranteed 5 years: $125; delay and you Use it.
Boom 12, Flood building.
(&-1 A A FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
«fl)Xv/U large Newhall up: $175 for fine new
pianos: call at once if you want bargains. MAC-
VAIS, 769 Market st.
WILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406. Sacramento st. -^
lAN .S— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast- THE F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 Market st. ' ■ ■
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A Gerts and Knabe - pianos; at wholesale
prices, a. L. BANCROFT <t CO.. 324 Pose st.
t'HICKEIUNU, KNABE, STiSCK. VOSE. MTER-
-1 ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: pianos;
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, ltt CFarrelL
©j. a Rosewood piano and stool on
•*<■'. $5 Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
FINE MUSICAL INSTRUMENT (DULCI-
mer), $10; very cheap. T.OB Shotwell st-
Ql q^BARGAIN;FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
i&XOO. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
YKON MAO AY, SUb POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby A Kvatn. !:ri«?crs tnd other pianos. . ■
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD&NEW
t^ H. MOU.ER. maker, )■■ fairer. '2 l.a;han> nlaca.
ILAIRVU^AXTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED
tO Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on Dnslness speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enomit s, removes -evil influences,
cures bad habits, elves advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future; thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts-
thousands of hearts made glad through his prealo-
lions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy st.
Hours from 9 to 9 d:tily and Sundays.
GIT AN A THE GYPSY. i ~ "
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate- she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy a.id happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours. 9toBp. m. 8 Turk su
M ME. STEWERTTSEVENTH DAUGHTER
I. £* »>e seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by Producing exuet likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance "clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast: test her powers era
she sails for Europe; she guarantees to bring back
1 BTor» : anT4':t)\'7 e Ma e rket d i 1 t aPPineSB '" b ° m °-
VI ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
A»i. precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms 10 all; hours 10 10 8. Rooms 44-45 aua
Stockton su ; e.uvator. - ' "™
\i MX. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY~
ant. card- reader, born with a donole veil and
second sight; lad 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk si., nr. Jones.
KKTURNEi), WOKLD-HKNUW XKD MMii
X\, SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells paw.
present and future; prices moderate. 866 Mission.
\| MX. A KM) BK.SI' tOKI INK TELLER I 7
X»l the world: 50c and $1, shows you the cicture
your inture hnshand or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Mark-et
BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST If"
the city: fee only 50c. 29 Eddy street.
MRS. KNIGHT, -CLAIRVOYANT. CARD
reader: fee 60c; ladies only. 714 LeavenworVh!
n YPSY ,. L1I ;|' : - RK ADKR: LADIES 25c7
VJ gents 60c: ail questions answered. 5 Seventh.
A 1 ME. MOP.EAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEaH
-LTI. past, present, future; 25c up. i? 64 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE Tf.LLS FKOM CRADLK TO
th" grave: fee 26 cents. »14 O'FarreU st.
ISSM.JULANA ROLLINS, MENTAL MAG-
netic healer. 860 Market. -ma 30-31.
&FIKITUAX.ISM. ~~
; A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMJKNIi
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
«ye? Are you In trouble, sick or -down"? If so
M?.« nS a . nd J e « rl \, tniit lite is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, is
again at her old ofßce3, 1320 Market street, Saa
* rancisco. and is now as read}- as ever 10 assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
v.tv,v to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: toe
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor come rich; if you think your husband, wire
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as tar above those poor mortal!
who if .0 imitate her as the eternal, heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Reve&lea
Medicines' (registered and copyrighted} cur»
every disease, that human flesh Is heir to. ami no
matter of how ion standing. Write If you caa-
not call, for treatment by mail is always most suo
cessful andsatlsfacory. All letters answered.
ran P, 18 !* . ? '-'nosed * ro m a lock of hair.
tEE $1 & UPWARD! FEF. $1 & UPWARD!
. MRS. DR. A. i). HOWE, .
1320 Market su, onp. Seventh.
• ■* - San Francisco.
T«n S * T i£ IR M, I ' ETO ' NIGHT ' 10a "MM. 15. YOUNG",
J. 605 McAllister st. All skeptics invited.
A j ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY 7
m business advice: names glven:2sc up. 5 Fourth*.
\f IS ?,, M XLv r x A ,CL A IRVOYAXT- HcTUTTk
m of future husband and wife. 766y 3 Howard.
I^ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
I> Tuesday,- Friday even's, 25(- : 10 to 4 dally.
A. M - FRA>Cia,'. INDEPENDENT SLAT&
» writer. 118 Halght st ; houra 9 until 6 ip!^
A.IRS. KATE HOSKI-NS, TRANCK AND BlTSl-
■m medium: sittings daily; $1. 1«6 Palest.
' ~
ASTKOLOtiY.
A STROLOGY AND MEDICINE NATIVITIES
f*- or questions answered: Prof. Howar I's vital
remedies restore health. 311 Hyde at.. 10 to 9IF YOU WANT TO~HELL~^OR~r7jY^'IvUB£
cess quick see T. LCBELSKI, 7 City Hall eve.
<B?9^A PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHER
*y^V\J, business; 3 horses, wa«on. slaughter-
house; In country town; doing lino business: rare
chance. LUBELSKI& CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
I (\(\(\ HORSESHOEING BUSINESS IN
J-. 1 V/V/vf. one of the best locations in the city;
aoing a fine business; will sell, trade or lake a
partner: Investigation requested; rare opportun-
ity. LUBEL^K ■ & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
Q^Pwfl ELKGANT CIGAR STOKE, DOING
»r , * a fine business; th» rent is cheap and
the locality is fine: it Will pay you to Investigate
this fine buy without delay to-day. LL'BELSKI &
CHAbr . 7 Pity Hall aye. ■■ ■■ .. -■ ■ ■
IF WANT A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
-»- let us show you some line places at bargains; call
>t once. LUBEL>KI A- CHASE. 7 City Hall aye.
Q. 1 U(\f\ PAR! I . i WANTED IN ONE OF
*£& IvJUV'. the best printing offices in the city,
employing six 'winters; a grand opportunity for
an active business man to clear $200 per month.
STENBEKG A CO., 632 Market St.
QI«.JXA GROCEKY OS PKINCIPAL
1 £.%J\J . street: large sock: cheap rent: liv-
ing-rooms; clears. 125 monthly : don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket St. .-••
cjjTTvTTri BAKKKY NORTH ok MARKET;
♦IpIV'VJV/. baking three barrels daily; receipts
$250 a week; clears $150 a month; no opposition ;
rare bargain. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market st.
to 1C) ~ \ OKNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
1— >-'. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and «chuol; rein 912: invoice
goods; sickness. STENBEKO CO.. 632 Market.
«J"|7.- BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONARY
Cri. I «J. and candy store: north of Market at.;
low rent: UoltiK fair business: living-rooms with
furniture Included. See BARRETT. 1125 Market.
A LSO ONE NORTH OF MARKET FOR $125";
A doing fair business. iI.A H!i T. I IV 3 .Markeu
»ICA F II V I T A NC VE« KTAI '. i . E sTo RkI
l i<'V 1 best location: receipts race $15 a
clay: horse and wasron; low rent; living rooms.
See BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
Q 'ji)X * IGA R-RTORE, STATIONERY AN D
' — <-'• laundry oilice: No. 1 location:- living
rooms: low rent; doin s gool business. SeeBAU-
RETT, 1125 Market si
Vl'lld PARTNER U.lSij.u i-> ii.w-. .
<TUUu, grocery and bar: good loca:Ion: close
to Market St.; mone -ninkini* place; investigate
at once. WILKE, 531 Ca'.ift r ni» sC
(jiO_)n|J CORNER GKOCKRY AND BAR
<7<fciT"V.»VF. in Western Addition; choicest loca-
tion; good business: owner must leave at once for
East. WILK!. A Woijg, 531 California st.
C;OX|| COR X R SALO'tN, WITH MILK
i&OOV'. depot; clearing $125 per mouth; living 1
room 8. WliKi; * WOLF. 531 California st.
S'jz.n coknek and 4 livinij-rooms: in Wesl-
I O\J. with club and 4 living-rooms: in Wesi-
ern Addition. WJLKK «t WOLF, 531 California.
<*& 1 -(\ YOUNG BUSINESS MAX OP GOOD
*iD 1 «>\J. standing and reputa:lon wants partner
to assist him: will guarantee good wages, with
best prospect of lar^e increase; must be willing to
work and assist generally: business easily learned.
Particulars l.i.n. STEWART, 602 Market St.
< \i\t\ BAKERY: ELEGANT PLACE,
'- iv'V". thoroughly equipped in every respect;
well estaolished and paying: selling on account of
old age; proprietor owns property: cheap rent;
living-rooms, barn, etc.; nic-e horse and wagon:
invest! atlon invited; don't miss it. GEO. STEW-
ART, 602 Market st.
To SELL i BUSINESS or ANY KIND
qnirlc for cash see -TUA.VIi CO., 45 Third St.
L> i.;illi corner grocery and bar;
•- I— UVJ. best location In this city; receipts, ,
$20 per day; li vine-rooms: rent only $20 with ;
Jong lease: cheap at $1500: best of reason for sel-
ling; great bargain. See GUS STRAND, 45
Third st.
C> AH C CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
CT "■-» • O full value in sight; A rooms; bargain on
account of departure. STRAND, 45 1 him si.
ifIINEST BARBER-saOP OF ITS KIND ON i
-T the Pacific Coast: busiest street; i! doors from ;
Market: 4 magnificent chairs: fine mirrors, etc. i
M. LESS & CO., 783^ Market St.
Q;' -n BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO- i
OOVJ. tions. stationery, etc.; corner in best
portion of Western Addition: 4 living-rooms: large |
stock; nicely fitted up: does a well-paying busi-
ness. M LESS & CO.. 7»31^ Mark. St. ■
MONEY - MAKING RESTAURANT: NOT
one-fourth cost of fixtures; location at.d trade
excellent: must be sold to-day ; a. soap. UNDER- !
WOOD, 765 Market st. '-■ -■•-■■ -
Q 1 I/in FINE KtSTACRAKT AND BAK-
'_ 1 i.UV7. cry; perfect oven; everything com-
plete; large store and family trade; best location i
on coast outside this city. UNDERWOOD, 765 |
Market St.
T IQUOR-STORE AND FANCY GROCERIES;
JLi prominent coiner on California st.: dolne a
cash trade of 9600 per month; rent $35; full
value; owner leaving the State; a bargain. Apply j
BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market ft. i
ffl. A ~(\ COFFEE SALOON; UEbTCENTRAL j
«I?'i«JU. locution; large business; low rent; is j
worth double amount asked; best reason for sell-
ing. Rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
TTOTELTO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS; j
JO. new 6-story and basement brink building, con- |
taining f8 rooms: also ground-floor and well- :
llsh.ed basement: centrally located, half b'.ock N
of Market s:. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout; \
furniture for saie on reasonable term*. For fur- |
ther particulars apply to S. SILVr.RBEKG, 320 !
t-aptome St.. room 39 i
mHE DEL NORTH HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY; i
1 California— The best, equipped house in North- I
crn California is now offered for sale, or can be I
leased on favorable terms; this house is. the best,
paying investment in Northern California, and
must be diapo-ea of on account of sick: ess. tor
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES, j
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal. . • . ;
T?OR SALE OR U'ILL TAKE PARTNER IN
S- best stand in best market; small capital: no
experience; no nieht or Sunday work. 415 Mont.
gomery st.. room 7. . ■ ■ ■-
QELLOR TAKE PARTNER; ONE OF BEST
O stands in best market: small capital: no night
or Sunday work. 415 Montgomery St., room 7.
C« tmfi STOCK OK 6-ACRE FRUIT AND
rjitjWU. poultry ranch: on car line, Fruitvale;
chickens, ducks, incubator, brooders, houses and
tools complete: 5 tons of bay: bouse of 7 roonn:
rent $10. >toe» of another place San Lcandro road
»76: rent 88. Room 34. Dnnohoe building, S. F.
Oil UH bakery, confection cr y,
• v x 'j\J . grocery, cigar, tobacco and coffee par-
lor: best location "in the city; old-established busi-
ness: large stock with fine fixtures: living-rooms,
well furnished; cheap at $400; must be sold at
once. 219 Sixth st. -
Oil OHM HALF INTEREST ESTABLISHED
►jpJLUUV/. country store, with good estab-
lished trade and a large | stoock; good chance for a
business man; one partner cannot attend: refer-
ences exchanged: trial given. A pply this office. •
OCTOR'S PRACTICE; WORTH . $1800 TO
$2000 per annum; stock of drugs and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
most promising mining towns In Mate. Address
I. L., box 69, Call office, 710 Market St., »-. F.
OR SALE— AN INTEREST IN A FlRST-
class, well-eetablished commission business;
capital required from $3000 to S5000: good op-
portunity for the right man. Address S., box 73,
call Office. -
MONEY-MAKING RESTAURANT: NOT
one-fourth cost of fixtures; location and
trade excellent: mast be sold to-day; a snap.
UNDERWOOD, 765 Market sU
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate; business est- since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
O LET— YARD; IN RUNNING OH-
der; best in city; -established 9 years: rented
or leased for a term of years;' 6 stalls, screens,
scales; rent $15, witn water. 1915 McAllister st.
©1 if\(\ OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD-PA Y-
O JIt:U \J. Ing corner grocery, bar. downtown;
sacrifice: owner going Particulars at HIL-
BERT BROS., 103 Powell su . . . - :
OLD. QUICKSILVER — A NUMBER OF
quartz gold mines and a cinnabar property for
sale cheap. CHAS. F. BLACKBURN, room 12,
230 Kearny su .
T> ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE, A ROADHOLSE
JTt near Hay wards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address PROWSE &. O'NEILL,*
11 ay wards, Cal. •
Q1 &(\(\ WELL PAYING ROADHODSE.
<3>JLUUV/. with poultry ranch, horse and
wagon, cow, etc. Inquire 541 California st., wine
cellar. ■ .. - .-
&1 nr EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
O 1 — ♦*• on account of sickness; good siaud;
clearing $80 mouth. Apply 1:05 Larkin st.
»ocA DKLIC'ACY STORE; LOW RENT:
• _ i)\f. first-class neighborhood: near large
school; nooppostn: chance lifetime. Apply Call.
RESTAURANT: FINK TRADE; BETWEEN
J-V2 carbouses; rent $17: no reasonable offer re-
fused: account of bad hetlth. Call 3279 Mission.
Ql')^t\ INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, 5306;
•3) —UU May. $362; June, $374: 1895 averaged
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DALY. 1-93 Jid wy,N Y.
j?OR RENT— LARUK BASEMENT SALOON;
-T completely furnished for business: low rent-
Inquire room 8.9, Parroit building, t>'-5 Market st.
GOOD CHANCE, FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
X first -class oyster and chopliouse: in best loca-
tion; cheap; owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st
HEAP; FINE CIGAR fcTORE; GOOD Lo-
cation, near Market street: rent $15 a month;
best reason for selling. Apply Call Oißce. .
OPLENDID OPPORTU N IT Y — C AN D V AN
O tobacco store for sale cheap; ice cream and
• tamale parlors. Apply 1314 Howard st. - .
OK./) PARTNER W'ANTI.D IN EMPLOY-
•T*'". ment office: rare chance; prefers part i
to hired help. Call 128 Fourth
ROCER WANTED— TO STA XT CASH GRO-
VJI eery-store: neighborhood needs one; cheap
rent. 2.01 Adeline St., Oakland. ' ...
TkRUGGISTS ATTENTION — FINE LOCA-
■ L ' tlon; new store with rooms. Southwest. cor.
Hai:htan<l Devlsaderosts. -.
|-'AKK~HY at A bargain; B.AKKS FROM 3
1 ' to 4 h.jis. of flour dally; full inspection allowed.
Ceutervllie. A lameda County. '*. ■■"■::-
THK MODEBN IMPROVED hotel
J-of HO looms in Stockton for rent or least*. In-
quire D. ! ;. ,1 H i-. N UBli. . ~; V
l?lß>S'l- : <. LASS AURA NT IN LXJM I'LET IC
■*- worklhg order; make offer; must b.- sjKI. 206
McAllister su ■ • -.:.'. '/'- ■
Tj^Oß SALE— GOOD-PAYING SALOON: PRKP-
1. ent owner 6 years in business. Appiy 627
tacraiaeuto su .
. BUSINESS. rHAyrES-ContliinM.
Qjr.nf\ FOR SALK-. BAKERY, HORSE AND
tlpUl'U. wagon; two barrels per day. Apply
Call Office. :. . , .. ..-..,
TNTEKIOB. AGENCY OF CALX. FOR SALE;
X will pay 8150 per month; price $4000. Apply
this oillce. : , • ■
q_QAA PARTNER WANTED; A NO. 1 LlT-
tJpov/VJ. tie restaurant; good location. .- 325
Fourth st. . • , ■ ■
T A :>Y~OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNEK
JLJ {German) : $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
iron BALE Oil EXCHANGE FOR VACANT
property— ooh cor. Hitch and Townsend sts.
$iA?\(\ SALOON: FINK BUSINESS; LOW
<Jp"±clV->» rent: reason, poor health. 989 Paclric.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
VT Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
pOOD CORNER CIGAR-STORK; ON AC-
VJT count of sickness. Cor- Sixth and Market s:s.
SALOON; LONG I,'KASIi; LOW RKNT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific su :
if INK CORNER SALOON AND RESTAUR-
rant." Corner of Fell and Stanyan »ts.
p ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; CHEAP;
VJ two living-rooms. 1044 Folsom St. . * '
AKERY FOR SALE-GOOD HOaSE; NEW
wagon. Inquire at 1675 Market st.
AKERY AND NOTION STOKE FOR SALE.
909 Bryant su -__
HOMK~I;aK_.RY FOR -ALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office. ■ . ■ -
GOOD DOWNTOWN BUSINESS; $160. 722
Howard St. •■■ > .• - ' "
S~ HALL BAKERY FOR BALE. APPLY CALL
Ullice. - . - •■
LODGING-HOUSKS FOX SALE.
Ct^XrT^l^oli^HOrSKrONLY « '.'. »350 -
*s>Oc)U. 55-room corner nous*, only JbOO
60-rooni hotel and bar to exchange 2000
G» rooms, clearing $250 f?uy
£0 room board Ins house «ouo
9 rooms, only— yes— - ££>
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
•-0 rooms, corner, only 1 0,.«
14 rooms. «100 cash, balance payments SUO
BOSKY TO LOAN ON ANY IiOUSk.
OO ROOMS ON MARKET ST. - fBOO
' —_- 45 rooms, corner, c taring $200.. *1800
, 50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to *50U)
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
To r7)6msTTT7.T.«!l3oo~"ii ROOM $175
TO Fine transient 150 43 rooms, uaymts 600
I.S'J 100 ms 7000 18, bay-window.. 260
34 r00m5..... 600 180 rooms.. 8000
""rooms. 375 63 r00m5........ 1500
~ J~ UNDERWOOD. 765 Market St.
: CACRIFICEP.
O 26 magniflcen-ly furnished rooms: . owner
called East; choice location; unexcelled tor tran-
i sient. Box 148, Call Office.
f> FURNISHED HOUSES; 16 ROOMS;
i — $200 clear profit; low rent. 859 Mission at.
OUSE OF 15 WELL-LIOHTED ROOMS,
I H suitable Tor lodging-house; «'25. 644 Sixth st.
Z^OOD- PAYING ROOMING-HOUSES FOX
VJT sale. Call at Th» Portsmouth, 41 Eddy St.,
A. M. ELKINS.
: Oft ROOMS. WELL FURNISHED; SOUTH OF
! __U Market st. : one-quarter its value. Address
■ M., box 80. Call Qflice.
WEEK'S NEWS TOR 6 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LODlilStt -HOUSE"* TO LKT.
"oTi^VVA^rirKsirA^E^^
_.•>_ rooms: all bay-windows; first-class loca-
tlon: rent cheap.
~~ fUUMTUU- toti SALE.
nRhTsAITiCT^"
I. Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ..* ?18 50
Bed lounges .8 00
stoves 7 60
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard....................-.......' ■ 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. 1 ill such time we < are conducting business
at - SK. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. -■
OA SALE CHEAP— A FOLDING-BED. 3739
Twentieth st. '
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
_rV lowest prices on household goods, new or gooJ
as new. cash or time, open evening*.
A i\l\ OAhl'hTSj CHAMBER BETS. fit;
ttUVJ stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: io;dln.?-b*<l».
I fin; bPd- oiiTigi»<. $7. T. O. MCCARTHY ll'3 4th.
'■ ifUR-f JTUKK WASTED.
I Want furniture and office fix-
x tans of any kind; will pay _oo_ prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
C MUTHKR, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
O . fo.-nia st., corner Kearny, pays best price {or
i furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash
IF YOU WANT GOOD PitICKS FOR FLRNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURP, -11 l~rkin.
i "^ : BASCH. 321 BU'ITJ-K,- '.WANTS KUK.VI-
. O. tore, saloons and merchandise: highest prlcg.
Mayer BUYS YOUR furniiukk.
. rarp^tn. piano. 1185 Market: trt. Jessie 7isl.
CAUPK't CLEAMXG. .
[ONES CO. UAKPKI' - CLtAMKO AND
tJ renovating works. Main office 23 and '27 Bth.
nAUPKT CLEANING, 3c-: LAYING. 3c : HUG
\J samples tree; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton. 19 Bthst. j
A RKAT WESTERN CARPET-KEATING |
VJT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORUK, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 25&
ll ' HK.N YOU BKCOMK DIMOI'BTKi; WITH
M poor wore send toSPAULDING'd Pioneer Car,-
pet Beating Works, 863-57 Tehama si: tel. so. 40.
( -IONKLIM'tSCARPKT KEATING WOKKs. iii
\J Golden Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
/UTY b'l'KAll CA RPKT CLEA NINO.RENO VA-
\J ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mcr. TeL Mouth 259.
/UKPKiS CLEANED AND KK.NOVATfSO
\J lite nevr. FERGUSON it CO.. 23 Tenth: tai.
fcouth SB. D. MACKINTOSH <fcCO.. successors.
~j K. ;\l ITCHE LL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. -J4U
•i , 14th st.; cleaning 3c a. yard. Tel. Mission 71
. 1 McQUJCriN'b CARPET BEATING AND REN-
-0 . ovatlng works- 453 Stevenson : ft. south '223.
ttoKSJa gy— "-•-
T^odThtkonxT^deLivkby-hobsb: bar-
VI gain: $20. 169 Second at. ___
T?OR SALE — GOOD IK AM OK LIGHT
.E horses, cheap. 1 603 Geary st.
SK HORmE AND WACOM CHEAP. IN-
\J quire 1619 Powell st. '■■-■'
LEI BOLD HAKXEsS COMPANY; 800 BETS
1j of good harness, our own mate, of every de-
scription, for Ipss money than you can buy Eastern
trash ; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St.. S. F.
"1 en SETS NEW AND SECOND HASP
xOkJ ness, all kinds; wagons, buggleti, surreys,
reck away », carts; most be sold. ' 1128 Mission st
r /wi M.l NEW AND HtCOND-HAND HAB-
*J\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy.wacon. carts, Hurrey
A. rocka ; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HOitbES i-Urt tSALE; ALSO WAOON^
1U bngcles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
Market, 827 Blx.h St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN <fc J)OYLK. Auctioneers.
OKSKS I'AS.TITKED: SKSK tOU. ClßCtJ-
lar. The Hyde Kanch, 63» <omm«?rcial st.
riHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
rnltPd .Stau-s or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ■
\v AUUAa A> O CAititlAti^. ■
F~"OR BALE — C A BUI A«Ve, HARNESS and
i; matched team, chestnut nors^s: also horses,
buggies, etc. New Yor« btables, &07 Jeisie St., near
Sixth. ' -■"..-•.
i76r SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, fine
jP carriages of every dose: iptlon ; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mig Co., 46-48 Bth St., S. t\
A DMINIHTRATOR'S -SALE-BLACKSMITH
-V. shop: also a lot of wagons and buggies; cheap.
830 Howard st. -. •. ' ■ - .
C LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVKB;
(5 samples. H. M. HEINKMAN, 109 Sansorae st.
XT KW AND D-UANU BAKER*. LA UN-
IV dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaw»y
and 'i fin* buggies. EiViH Harrison si.
~ ~" EJbOAL. KOTICKS. , n
T)URSUANT TO A.DECKKK OF KORKOLO-
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice Is hereby given that the property
herenoder described will be sold at public auction
at tn" Courthouse (Alllolani Hale) In Honolulu,
lslaud of Oahu. H. t, on Wednesday. Alijrust 26,
1890, at 12 o'clock noon. P. « • JORKB,
7*^ . Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Laiial, comprising 11,500
acres more or less in tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916:
the annual rentals are about $1800. : -
. Tills estate Is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all in good re-
pair, with cisterns, wooished _ and cress, > and a
llosk of 24,000 sheep. 650 head «f cattle and i.'oo
horses by actual count. , „_ _»„
The lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. As « sheep run it Is
the most v»luab!e on tne islands. The lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of LaoaL
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
st«am communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. [■■'
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
be sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch & Co., '2.20 Cali-
fornia St.. San Francisco. .
Terms of sale will oe cash In United States gold
Honolulu, May 15, I^:c.JONKs. Receiver.:
. vTI KESSIUNAL VAlili-,. ,;, .
ILLH. . DKEIJH. ETC. ■ L. SON TAG, ATT'Y
and Notary, 116 Market; res., 2126 Howard.
OHN K. H ICH ARDS, LAW OFFICES. • ROOMS
24 and r 27,' Crocker > building; telephone Main
76, Kan Francisco, Cat. : .-.; • -%-.•■./,.-;
JOHN R. AiTKEN ANDMACRICKL. A.SHER
J att/s at law, rms 51&.516, 6th lloor.Farrou bids,
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
• HOUSES TO L~T.___ :mM^B
nijTK^SITNN^HODSETT^NT AND REArH
r yards for flowers; charming location on quietM
.reeti clean and attractive; 7 rooms, nath,™
aundry; unfinished bas ment; $33. D-MPSIJ-R,™
i 6 Glen Part aye., off Twelfth st. ' ____■
£!\ A ' COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS:- 83 SHIPLEyH
dp It:. St., near i-ourth (lormeijy Louis»).M
SHAINWALD, BUCKBKE & CO., 21>S-220 Mont-H
;omery at. - ; ■__ - _____^H
7l\Q LAUKEL AYE., NEAR BUCHANAN-6-H
i I 'O room house; $12; water extra; busement;M
SPLENDID 12-ROOM UOU.-E, 3392TWENT\ -I
first street, cor. Guerrero. - suitable , lor board-H
ing or private residence; very low rent, tee lv I
$f<y\ .-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE til
%P_jQ. rooms and bath, 121 Page St. . -. ■
OUSK— NICE HOUSE . aM> OTHERsH
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, IUH
Montgomery s*. .___^^_____l
™~~ VUItXISHKL* HOUSES. I
FQK SALE CHEAP-FLAT OF 6 ROOMS-.M
nicely furnished. PIIKLPS A CO., 917 Larktn.
/COMPLETE FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 U«.'i>M-*:B
\J bath; cheap. 3933 Twenty- fifth, near Church.
~~ COI'TAIiES TO LKT. I
'o"vi"T"GOLD IKNOAI : E~A VKTorpT J KFFEK-H
Oil 2 son square— 6 rooms and bath :■
not and cold water; basement: garden: rent $20. I
pOTTAGE OF 6 BOOMH AND BATH; BU-I
\J chanan st., near Jaciuon. Apply MADISOXB
&. BURKE. - • ___■
RENT CHKAP; SUNN V COTTAGES; 4 ANdB
5 rms; bath, basement, yard. 15th & Dolores.H
OTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS IN BEAK; 38. 29398
\J Mission sU . ■
<C:Q E\f\ COTTAGE:- FLAT, flO: BOTHB
iflO.uU. reduced. Owner, 1123 Vallejo s:. ■
pHEAP RKST; FUKXISHKD 6 ROOM COT-B
\J tagc; furniture sold it desired. 1!439 Lnrkln si.g
"v-V FLATS TO LKT. I
M^^AI^ET^TTTN^r"inXTH~(RE"AR OF 10191
Market)— Flats of 3 and 4 rooms: rents onlyH
9S, $10 and $12. Apply to BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND. 10 Montgomery at.
<2«1 A WATER FREE: 23^% PROSPBIi ST.,
tjpl"±. off Sixteenth; half a block from Market;
lovely lower 4-room flat; sun all day: key north-
west corner Seventeenth and Sanchez sts. . 
BRYANT, SB. FIFTH-3 ROOMS AND
U I -- hall; separate entrance and yard: flO.
JQ7I H.MUHT— LOWER FLAT. 4 ROOMS;
10 I •£ yard, basement: rent $11 60. ■■
1 1(\(* POfT-3 AKD4 ROOMSUKSY FLATS;
1I UP garden, bath: 13 and $16.
TTPPER FLAT, 4 BOOMsJ AND BATH; NEW
U furultur- for sale. 612 Fell St.
TMNK UPPEK FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH. ETC.,
r 22: lower flat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25; both above In perfect condition; on
12th st., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, #18.
DEMPSTER, 36 Olen Park aw., oil 12th si.
VTOB 111 1. FLAT OF 6 KOo'MS AND BATH;
J-i sunny side; reasonable. 1002 Sacramento.
1 I Oil BROADWAY — FLAT OF 4 ROOMS;
llaZ rent $14.
1 f* RAI'SCH. NEAR HOWARD— NICE SUN-
-1O ny flat of 3 rooms: large yard: cheap.
0 SUNNY FLATc— 7 ROOMS, 79 50; 8
«£ rooms, 825; bath; water free. '-'31 Sixth st.
CA' JON FIRST FLOOR; FLAT OF 6
«Jv/cJ sunny rooms: rent lo\v.|
l/iLATS; 4 AM* 5 ROOMS; BATH: $11 AND
£ $13. 4583 Eighteenth St.. on electric line.
m.) NINTH BAY- WINDOW FLAT OF
t)U- 6 rooms and bath: cheap.
\TEAB CITY HALL; 2 SUNNY FLATS, 4
-*> and 6 rooms. $15 and $22. 149 Grove st.
C2l /• WAI Kit FKfcE: LOVELY UPPEK
•** 1 O. modern sunny 5-room flat; 100 feet from
Cas". ro cars. 4073 Twentytblrd St.; key 4075.
KST FLAT FOR THE MONEY. 2329 FlLL-
more St., near Waahlngtoo. _______
(TU-i Q ELEGANT MoI7EKN SUNNY FLATS;
«J)1O. 6 rooms, bath. 135 Wan Jose av&.nr. 24th.
■qTTT* FLAT 5 KOOMS AND BATH. 1027
tJpID. Post st., near Polk. "
1 QM7 -TEINJSK, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
JLOU I flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; baib.
T\ESIRABL_ SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
\) with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bash si., bet. Franklin and Uon.h; rent, ln-
clnding water, $43 50. , - '..
VLAT-A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ' - . ■
VTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH: $12;
\S water free. 629 Ivy aye.
LEVANT NKW FLAT*. SKVKNTH ST.. BE-
Hi low Bryant. 5 and b rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR _ CENTS — TH_
WEEKLY CALL. In wraoper. for mailing.
jiV/i M-.Ki.l-.i'iMi iiOOlls.
.--»---■-- -Bryant Street. • .*-. ■
U BRYANT. NEAR THIRD , — NICE,
nanny suit; $9 per month.
i iflli street.
Ql 1 FIFTH— 2 SUN. NY FRONT HOCBE-
• )l'l kpK rooms: stove, closet, bath: private; $10.
i olsoni Street.
rnn FOLSOM, BKT. FIRST AND SECOND-4
Oju\j nice sunny unfurnished rooms; large yard. |
i on rili trett.
QOQ FOURTH — SUNNY FURNISHED OR
•} — •_" unfurnished rooms for houaekeepg: cheap.
Glen Park Avenue.
C GLEN PARK AYE.. OFF TWELFTH-2
0 sunny unfurnished rooms, closets, etc.
II ay eft street.
1 Al Q HAVES—SUITE ROOMS WITH USE
111i7 of kitchen.
■-.:...■ ia.oir*»rU istvoa..
Z\f\A HOWARD-SUITE OF NEATLY FUR-
«->U*± nished housekeeping rooms, $10; also other
cheap. . . .
r'O HOWARD— FCRNISUED ROOMS FOR
Uuu housekeeping; large yard: rent cheap.
I7(-~1 1 HOWARD — BAY- WINDOW SUITE,
4 U J a kitchen: others: man and wife preferred. i
■I 91 C HOWAKD— 3 OK 4 UNFURNISHED
j Ol'J rooms: bath and laundry: no children.
1 HOWARD. COR. .TKKI'II— FUIINISH-
J 'Ji)i ed or unfurnished sunny bay-window
suites for housekeeping; reasonable.
1 Qllfi HOWARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH; I
JL OU U a or 4 sunny rooms, $8. ,
OQfkQ HOWARD ST.— PARLOR K..00K, 3 |
£jO\) V nicely furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; bath, etc.: cheap; or will let entire I
bouse; will take rim in board ii desirable.
LjurMin street.
Af)CL LAKKIN - NICKLY FURNISHED
J— O sunny housekeeping rooms; also single,
iicAiiinter Street.
OOCA LISTER — 3 ' UNFURNISHED
«i.*-O rooms; private family : references. -
nfurnishe£T~room. cor, FOLK and
McAllister si*..
. JkiiiUH Mreoi.
ml MINNA — LARGE FURNISHED
■1--L-I3 housekeeping bay-window room cheap.
r.A(i MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
oil) housekeeping; large yard.
3-ibt.lun vice..
MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY HOU^sE-
OO 1 keeping rooms, stove and sink la kitchen-
slo per month.
O9Q MISSION— SUNNY BASKMENT, W-
-000 single and double rooms, $4 and S6 per
month.
Q- q MISHION-2 ROOMS, NICELY FUi£
UO*J nlshed, complete housekeeping: private
family. , • ■
New Montgomery Street.
lAC NEW MONTOOMERY-NEWLY PA-
-1"" pered and renovated; cheapest furnished
housekeeping unites in city; see them.:
Mnth Street..
9-1 NINTH-2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT
—.■ 1 housekeeping; also single.
Pearl Street. -
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— •
2, 3or 6 well-furnlghed housekeeping rooms. ' ,
seventh Street.
107 SEVENTH-SUITE OF HOUSEKEEP-
J.O I Ing rooms, $12; transient $1 per week up.
' fcixms;r«e:. ' ~*
A f )Q SIXTH ST.-LARGE. SUNNY. NICELY
t£.U furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
\ v ; Stockton . street.
V|- W. COR. STOCKTON AND FILBERT-2
Xi . rooms furnished complete for liouseiceenine-
yard; cheap. . • . . . . , ..*. . • ',■
''a bird street-' '
q-1 G THIRD-CLEAN AND CHEAPEST
OLD housekeeping rooms In city; call and see
them. ■ ,
U| Twenty-sixth Street.
DO (> 7 TWENTY - SIXTH, NR. MISSION-
OOU I nicely furnished, c'.eaa housekeeping
rooms; rent low.
WMhinpton Street. [
rAO WASHINGTON - SUNNY '. U FU R-
c>' ' «- nl»hed house»e"pin« rooms running water.
~~" ~\ ~ STOKAGK. :
S~ TORAOE— CUEaTeb^Tn^tIiE^cIt^^FIRK^
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln. :
T7»URNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS: . AD-
JD.Tancea. shipping. CHAa. L. TAYLOK,2O4Po»U
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 183 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern clao.
KOO3IS TO LET.
iiusil Street. -■
TOO BUSH-LAEOK SUNNY ROOMS; GAS,
(Z_ bath; also housekeeping rooms.
California street.
■ . ■ . ■ •• : >■ * vs,
r>l o I CALIFORNIA— FURNISHED ROOMS
jl^t for gentlemen. '_:■■■
.Lijfhth street.
SHERMAN ATARTMEAT MOUSE. 2* KTH
St.. near Market: iurnlshed and onfumUhed.
.Fair Oak« Street.
one FAIR OAKS— NICELY FURNISHED
Ojjij sunny room in private house, with or with-'
oat board ; suitable for two. ■•-.-:..
i mh Street.
OQA FIFTH ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
ZiO\J double and single. . ■
: Fulton Street.
FULTOr* HOUSE, OPP. CITY H ALL— FUR-
nlshed rooms, g'agle or en suite: $8 and $16 up.
liddy Street.
HO KDDY-NEATTuNNY I3INQLE ROOM
fJ for gentleman; $5 50.
1 1 Q KDDY— BRIGHT"~BUNNY ROOMS 98
JL J O op; aIKQ trout suite cheap. .
Af\A kSFY-^(THE MARLBOROL'GH) NEW-
TUdt ly furnished rooms; suites or single; all
modern conveniences; suitable tor doctor or
dentist. ..■,.■' ■ ■■■ .
: i..i» street.
OTt ELLIS— 2 ELEGANT PARLOR SUITES
010 for doctor or dentist; 935.
c Q4» ELLIS — EI.KGAXTLY FURNISHED
r>_,— sunny solte; kitchen if desired; reasonable*
QQ() ELLIS-SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
OO'J to one or two persons; no children; refer-
ence required. ■ " ; *. ; ; '.'
riUiK KAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
1 ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated ; newly luruished; elevator; hot & cold water.
QOI ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR , BERT
OZJI lodging we recommend the Koaedale House.
• ><>-) ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
oJiZi CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse: 60 rooms.
-" Fifteenth Street.
l CQ7 FIFTEENTH — 2 UNFURNISHED
.LOO I gunny rooms for housekeeping.
I'olsom Street.
1O(J1 FOLSOM - "NICELY FURNISHED
IODI parlors; also single rooms; housekeep-
ing If desired. , . ' - ■".'_-. • - ;
Ninth Street.
or NINTH-SMALL SUNNY SINGLE FRONT
~-O room: $6. ■ •
t.urr > ■ ■ ho..
O-l rr\ GEARY, OPPOSITBUXION SQUARE—
_.l I 2 furuished or unfurnished rooms; key 217
BOA GEARY — DOUBLE PARLORS AND
i ZU kitchen for housekeeping.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; 10
momh up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
Llawthorne Street.
Q A HAWTHORNE, OFF HOWARD. SECOND
• Ol and Third— Quiet house; nice sunny outside
room*; $1 per week.
Howard street.
rrc\A HOWARD, CORNER THIRD— FINE
I Utt large front rooms, lirst floor, suitable for
clubrooms, or dressmaker; other rooms.
Jessie Street.
a QQ JESSIE— NICK SUNNY DOUBLE AND
Qijd single furnished rooms; cheap.
/■OQI JKSSIE, NR. SUNNY FURNISH-
DOO4 ed front room; private; cheap. ' ,
Jones Street. .
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny rooms; private.
O||7 .'« KM- Iht VAX WINKLE. SKW
Jj\J t management; elegant tunny suites _id
■ingle; newly iurnisbed; bath, etc.: $10 to SAX
>-«-^rnT Mroo..
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
- » Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable. •
ll'K HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
» » Rental and Tourists' Uulde, 639 Kearny st.
Leaven— orth Street.
CAT LEAVENWORTH, COR O'FARRELL—
«JV/X Large, sunny, nicely furnished rooms: run-
nine water; grate; very reasonable; smaller frout
; rooms, $6 and 98. : _^
Ul O LEAVENWORTH, NEAR CALIFOK-
I D nla— i sunny basement rooms; 910, water
included. (JirtTlßHfffflJfSWWßWlffflMWilWw'
TOSEMrTK HOUSE, J044 MARKET— PER
1 night, 86c to 91; week. $1 SO to $5: Inmllles.
Mwin !»tTe«;. -
(*1 Q MISSION — SICKLY FURNISHED
010 rooms, 15 to 50 cents per night; $1 to 92
per week. •
1 (\Z\i\ 511SS — SUNNY FURNISHED
Ivtlw room; light housekeeping; $7. - !
O'lutpU »ir«o(.
QQI O'FARRELL— AND LARGE
OOi front rooms, newly furnished; rent cheap.
Page Street.
O'fiQ PAOE— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
O\JiJ nicely furnished: bath: private family.
l'ulk Street.
1 m POLK. COB. SUTTEB-NEW BUILD-
X 100 Ing; 2 Bunny front rooms; reasonable.
i «»t street. .
91 C POST— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
— I*3 sunny suite lor gentlemen; $32.
I'owell Street. .
on" POWELL, rTgEARY— NKWLY FUR
— — ») atabed large front sunny rooms. . .
1 . ii — Street.
Q RUSS, OFF HOWARD— LARGE FURNISH-
-0 ed room : use of bath: suitable lor 2 gentlemen.
Seventh Street.
lOp SEVENTH — SINGLE FURNISHED
1 Ou front room; $1 a week. '
IQU SEVENTH— SUNNY FRONT single
i OP furnished room; *1 I>t week.
■ sixth Street.
91 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
J.Zil double and single rooms. ■  -?
otevenson. Street.
in' STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AN D SIXTH
Tt^.o — First floor; very convenient: fine yard;
basement. ' . ■ ■ •
Sutler 'iree;,
QAQ BCTTER- FURNISHED ROOMS OR
•iUO suites. SI 25 to $10 » w«elc; night, 25c to
$1 60; trausienta solicUed. , - •....•
n ( ,O BUTTER, COiL TAVLOK— ELEGANTLY
1 U«5 newly furnished sunny run,: suite or single.
Taylor Street.
lfiQ — DOUBLE BOOMS $2 , PER
lUi/ week: single $1 25. '
. Tenth Street.
1 OQ TENT^-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
..— O light housekeeping rooms; also single;
cheap. ' ■ ■ ' . "
'lurk Street.
99 i TURK— LARGE PARLORS, WITH USE
ZZ*t of kitchen.  - ' .
\ \ TURK — NEATLY FURNISHED
1 rxO 1 ! rooms to let.
Miscellaneous.
TN PRIVATE RESIDENCE. VAN NESS AVK.,
1 sunny single rooms," 57: references. Address
VAN NESS, box 76. Call Office.
A VITSkKH NEWS FOB 5 CENTS— TEH
-A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
«OAKl>lN'ti AM> KUUJIB.
7-vSiajSSTX" buckTTkyT^oiC
VJ merly proprietor or the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchase*! Hackme-er 1 ? Hotel, and assures In a
patrons and the traveling public that bin former
reputation as a host will tie • outdone in . bis new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trains and boats. 123 to. 129 Eddy st; meals 25c.
milE STEWABT.COK. KLUB AND LEAVEN-
i. worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites or single.
1 I OTr.L. BKUIU>U. 11* *>Übli— A FAMILY
I"! Lotel : reference glveu ana imuirud; mi tuoU-
tr'i conv<»nl< > > <.__________^__^_____^_ I^_;
tTOKli"* LKr.
tjb JD. near Howard. : A6HTON GARDINER
411 Montgomory st. - - .-..■■•' ,
rpO LET— FINE CORNER STORE: NR\VL\
1 renovated. Twenty-fourth and Florida ets. L
CJTORE COX. LAFAYETTE, 1624 HOWARD
0 with fixtures for saloon; tit lor any business,
cheap rent. ' ... ' -
UFI'J CUS TO LET. ,
TuTLfcTT— eIHcGANT^OFFIOES AND lodgk
1 rooms In the now buiUlng, Y. M. C. A., Masoi
n.rt Kills sts.; rent exceedingly low. ... v
I 1 Q EDIIY— FINESUITE; (.KOUND FLOOR
1 J O offices tor aoctor or dentist. • . .
PBKCKELS iJUILDINU, 927 MARKET-
O Elegant e-.'nnv oilices. 912 60 up; electric : lUht ;
seating and Janitor service free. Apply ut buildluj
nr«>. H. UMBSKN * CO.; 14 Montgomery Bt.
■,■■;.;■-; HOTKii TO LKASK. :'■;
6 LET — THE 'W. TELL HOUSE, 317-31!
Bush st. : this well-known- hotel is thorough!'
■enovaied, considerably improved; compares win
)est 3d-claaa hotel In town. MADISON & BURKE
__ CITY fiEAt ESTATE.. .^^
H" INTS TO 'BEAL ESTATE * ■'• ■ "' ; ~~"
INVESTORS AND HOME-MAKERS.
You can make some money now buinir land any-
vtaere within an hour's ride of a creat seaport city.
You can make more money buying in some lo-
lalliif* than others. -•;-• • '..••"■
You can make the most money if you select a
dace naturally situ tie I for a town, located in the
lirfct line of ; up-to-date public and private Im-
provements,' easily accessible by cheap tmil fre-
luent railway and water transportation lines to ■ a
;reat commercial and manufacturing metropolis
»nd other exl.si.lng business centers, yet far enough
iway from any to insure of its becoming a prosper-
jUB,"Bv.-11-suppi'<rti - mid independent community.
FITCHBURG IS SO SITUATED .
As to combine all thes- advantages and many
Jthers. It offers splendid inducements to those
about to start ousiness of any description.
For suburban hoires it r yals any of the thickly
popula:ed centers around the bay. •
It Is only 45 minutes from San Francisco and 2
minutes from Oakland by steam and electric cars,
which run from daylight until after midnight.
Station on botti lines. So lot more than three
blocks from either railroad.
KUJGAST C'UURCii. EDIFICE RECENTLY
COMPLETED.
GRADED SCHOOL ATTENDED BY 150
SCHOLARS.
The streets are graveled and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Mark these improvements. .
NOTE THK ELIGIBLE LOCATION.
Consider the social advantages sure to multiple
as lie town grows, count the chances fur profit on
rour-In vestment in a prospec.lve business center
as compared with the. many isolated one-street
tracts now on the market.
SEE FITCHBUKG. . , :
Invest judiciously and the almighty dollars
sure to come your way, will do the rest. Lots
ready 10 bui a on, size 25 ana 50 feel front by 100
to 200 feet deep. *
PRICE ONLY $4 TO flO PER FRONT FOOT.
Terms: 10 per cent cash; balance in monthly
payments.
XII AD. S. FITCH. Fitchburar, San Leandro Road.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
<Pj/»r/Y A BARGAIN— N. CORNER OCEAN
tIpU«JV/. House road and Delaware aye. : N. 38:6
ft .W. 255 it. to Old San Jose road, 8. 40:3 ft.. K.
'.'59 ft. to Ocean House road; block 33, West End
Map 1.
$500—50x100 if.: E. side Texas St., 250 ft. S. of
Yolo: block "289, Potrero.
$800—33x137: lot 4, block 68, Silver Heights.
if 6 0—98x140: lot 2, block 25, Noe Garden
Homestead Union. . ■ • ••
$1350— 37:6x6^:6 ft.: P.rorWiek St., bet. Eddy
and Ellis. CUAS. C. FISHER, 507 California st.
OUSES BUILT TO SUIT PURCHASERS:
no payment down: terms about same as rent;
located 1 block from Missions', cars: city water:
deed given; no better offer ever made; open even-
ings. Apply to THOMAS B. DUNN, 3299 Mis-
sion, or J. A. EASTMAN (builder). Inglc-s:de.
CM ALL HOMES, $10. MO. UP; LOW PItICES;
O easy terms MCCARTHY CO., 618 Market st.
CBEMIS, " :■•- r
• KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTUOMJSItYST.
FOH~SaT.3:
52600— E. sld(» of St&nyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— Wan Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet. ',
$6700— 50x1'27:0 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2- modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
parK: 25x137:6 »e«t; electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story R-roomed bouse on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
»BM»o— Klepant N W. comer of Col* and Carl sts.
SSOti— Cholcx building lota north of park. •-..
NAPS ON EASY TERMS.
LOTS FOB HOME BUILDERS.
Location unsurpassed; lots $350 to S400; terms
— $6 cn«.h; $5 monthly; streets graded, sewered
and macadamized: water piped to every lot: take
the Guerroro-sL electric cars (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th), ride to Chenery and Castro sts.
and see the Cast ro-st. Addition; no lots in this city
so good for the price, either for Investment or
home site. Agent on the ground dally, and even-
lags at 3207 Twenty-second St., cor. of Mission.
• BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ • . 10 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL,' MODERN HOUSK BUILT
Oat from $160 to $275 a room call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY. 1 1 49 Mission St.
BICTBMB.
rnßTß^n£7TM)r~Bis>r^
A Belle's New, $60; lien Uur Tandem, almost
new. DAVIS B ROS., 25 Geary st.
IMUOAIN IN A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
I > single wheels. 806 Post st. •
TANDEM; BRA NiiNV; '95 : i 50 ; SELL
i. for $100. y. R. GRANNIH & CO., 609 Market.
A '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM.. ALMOST NEW,
W. CRANK, 324 Post St.;
ECOND-H AND STERLING at exception-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
JWINFIELDPKAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lii-ml-nnm aud Thistle bicycles
Ok NEW FALCON; HIGH GKADE; $45 AND
'JO $55 each; half price; few left. UEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market st.
"dark cyclery— new""wheels TO~LetT
■1 beat accommodaLions. Termiciii Ueary, ilo
Alliat.T and Powell st. car lines. |
■« tun SALK— 3IiSCKLLA>KOUs. "•"
~&C)Zf\ SODA FOUXTAINr NEW Ii^QUART
'_ — • '*'• freezer iJIOO. 159 Second »t.
fIOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
VJ pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SAM FORD,
41 5 Washington st. , . :" - .
L'OK SALE. CHEAP— I 85-HOB->HPOWEB
-T engine, boiler, shafting and pulleys. W. E.
LEE, Twenty-fourth at. and Telegraph aye ,Oakld.
T>OILEfiS,Is::\GI.NES.2L»-H.A.ND.iAA<JIiI;SIs.KV.
A) waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
rOR SALE- WINDMILL AND PUMP; Air
X* mos: new. 3213 Twentieth si.;
. OUT YOUR BABY L'AKUIAUES A>D HAVE
-1 * them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
Ban Francisco Baby Carriage Company, 44- Sixth.
T/AMILY COW FOR SALE; CIIKAI'. 847
X* Florida at., near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
T>ACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
-L order: '2 Adams prtg presses; power. 616 Mission
"|?OB SALK.— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
J 1 Ham Klford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFOBD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. Kant Oakland.
AXE HORSEPOWER OAH ENGINE; CHEAP.
\J Apply '2109 Larkin si., after 6 p. m. '■'-"."•■'■-".
p OUNTKKS.- SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V> bought and sold. 1121Va Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
TIAHOAINa TYPEWKITKRB: ALL MAKKS;
X) write for prices. Typewriter Kx., RIO California.
I UILDIJSUH DUUUUT; I.UJIUKK, SASHiid
I [ doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale. 1 166 Mission.
I \M£ NMALI, ili-DIVM AM' LABOK »IZB
\J tin and Lur^l.-.r proof safe. 109. 111 Market iv
T>IHK AND BUHULAK" SAFK LKTTKKp
X 1 press, platform scales and desk :cbcap. l"- Clay.
■fVfKW IUNUKb CUEAPEB THAN SKCO2JU-
xi band. \V. S. BAY Mfz Co.. 1-' California a:
BKWUia JIAtUINEs. ...
"VfEW FAMILY BINQEBSFOB BENT, 81 50
i.l per month: V. 8. singers, $2. 1559 Market st.
A LL KINDS iIOOUUT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
J\ remcu, repaired: lowest rat** VO5 Fourth «t.
MEDICAL.
A BLESSISG^TO" LAJJIEH Su¥?K KING
A from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
never falls ; perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; , prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. Dlt. & ÜBS.
DA VIE*. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia, Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from » a. m. to 5 p. St. and 7 to 8 p. if.
ALL CASKS OF IBBKIiULABITIES BB-
A stored in a four hours: safe and sure relief
ruaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate ' home In* confinement; regular ■ graduate
physician: 80 years' (successful practice; MEDI-
.'AIi ELECTItICITY useJ; ladies, consult tha
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tima
and expense; consultation free and confidential. ■
MRS. I'll. WYKTH. 916 Pos: «•.„ near Larkln.
NEW PBOCKSS— NO MKDICINU, L\-iTßU-
nient or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician . for all female troubles, no matter
from . what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
If you -want to be treated safe and sure call |on a
man's physician. DR. POPPkB, 318 Kearny su
DKd. GOODWIN, JJISKASBS WOMEN" MPE-
claliy: unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions; home In confinement; nest care:
low fees; I'ilis 2: Moved to 904 McAllister st
A LPEAU'S FRENCH I'ILLM— A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities'; so dancer:
lafe and sura; •$2 50 oppress C O. D. ; don't dblay
until 100 la!.--*. OhUOOD Jir.os., Oakland. Cat ..-
MBS. DB. WKUEN"i!.B TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: - infants adopted
Into ' good homes: treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. :
VBK CDUK FOB ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with - every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. Jill. GWYKK. "J-tf Turk au - . . ■
Cjjrfin FOR EVE"BY FAILURE TO CI'RK;
UDOUv/ eye diseases successfully treated.- Ladles
con. free MBS. Die SCOTT, specialist, 216 Powell.
RS. M. E. P.ODGERS. PRIVATE HOME IN
.confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
R-. J. A. ACiIAKD, MIDWIFE— HOMK IN
confinement: 25 yn' experience. 555 Mission.
F HiBKOULAB OB ANY FEMALE DI KANE
IH MKB.DB. X'UKT^ andbeconteot. 4th.
RIVATE HOJIK IN CONFINEMENT. MBS."
DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth »t,, Alnmeda. .
I^l^ HAL.L. 14 iIcALI.IMJ-.it hTBEKT, NJSAB
AJlJone*. j»i>f«gp< of wnrn»>i »'>il chllrtrgn. ■•-•■'
ATTORMiIYS-AT-LAW.
llEli^DTvOß^E^^WS^X^ PEcT
J\- alty, private: no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collection*,' wills, deeds, etc., at- .
tended la' U. W. Ho WE. att'y-at-lax. 850 MalKec
1 - K. PHILLIPS— U.S." AND STATE COUBTS;
iJ. damage cases a specialty; money to loan on
estates: charges moderate, ■ offices 508 CaHlorula.
K. ARAM. ATT Y-Ar-LAW,SBI PAI'.itOTT
. bldg. Practices in all courts '.charges moderate
eTTa BUSINESS TBANBACTED; NOPUB-
liclty ; advice free, confidential. P. U. box 2132.
~W KING, ATTOKNEY-AT- LAW, CB RON-
. icle Dldg; advica free; moderate; open evngs.
T»r, W. D A ATTOBNE Y-A l'-LAW, 42U
W . CiUuornia = St., rooms 14 »ad 16 j twivice tree.
COUNTRY KEAL, ESTATE. . . I
NV'°VK WANTING A KAKCH FOH H
'P 1 * zing '•-> cs. or an orchard already Ira ■
v >\ d. where only .■: all cash ouslay la required. ■
!*■»•: ceia6or7ye . ...- r .i- <!"« >■ onr-m»i«;r •■ ; ■
. ARIN COUNTY— 3000 ACRES -Jts Militia H
ii from city; lo s ; «ny size; fruit, grain, vegeta- ■
m land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per ■
i. re; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com- ■
any, 65 Chronicle bnildinc.
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LaND; CHOIC- H
XV. est in the State; sell in? In tracts, 5 acres up- I
h..,u. $35 per acre-, adjoining lands held at $100 ■
per acre; owner forced to sell ; li/ a hours frm S. F. ; H
i"'sv tt-rnis; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building. H
, ....... xi .m.,.^. CLOSE TO lOW.V, IM- H
J-J proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces, I
on and 10 years' credit.' 1). H. TW'IXO, Sonoma H
City: every Monday ai 632 Market as., 8. F. . ■...„, H
KNUFUKUUK JLltiT Oi-* ORCHARD JfctOM—S I
forsalo. WOOMTKR A WHiri'ON. Ban Josh. __
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS I
OFFICE— BROADWAY. I
OAKLAXI) REAL KSTATE. I
<3l CHICKEN AND PIGEON BUSI- I
»JVJI/U. ness: •> acres in East Oakland. ALDEN ■
_■ KRONENBERQ, 903 Broadway. ;  ■
<«69^nn 5 ACRES. IN FRUITS: GOOD I
.O\J\J. house and barn, etc., at Healdsburg; ■
will exchange for house and lot In Oakland or Ala- ■
rueda. ALOE.N & KKONEXiJKRG, 902 Broad- ■
way. .■■■.,._■-• . . r . . . . - H
©1 Qr-.tX LOVELY "■• COTTAGE HOME; I
«iJIOt)U. large lot; good location: cars pass ■
door: reduced from $2750; must sell; $1000 can ■
remain. i\ C. WATSON. 463 Ninth St., Oakland. ■
G>I7X LOTS AND UPWARD— A LLKSDALK I
<P I O Tract, Kast Oakland, adjoining Frultvale, ■
the acknowledged garden spor. of Oakland; grand ■
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded ■
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build ■
on; a tine school with 'I elect ie roads near by; ■
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con- ■
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468 ■
Math St., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z. ■
JONKs, owner. H
OAKLAND FIKMTIKE FOB SALE. I
VTEW BRUSSELS CAKPET, 49c YARD AT I
X\ H. SCHKLI-HAAS'. 408 Eleventh st. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS I
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET. I
ALAMKHA KKAL ESTATE. I
VO^JR^T^RMS^RB^UBSr~*^ ~~~*
SiO^nA PRETTY COTTAGE: SIX ROOMS
i££*)\J\J. and bath; close to Chestnut st. sta-
tion, N. O.i lot -10x110.
<2»OAAA handsome new cottage: 6
{[pOUUv/.'rcoms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. G. -■
QO%A 23 CASH; $20 MONTHLY: 37:6
O-— a- U \J . irontage; handsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and bath,
©97^0 * 25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 87:6
ttD^lvU. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS. •
Houses and stores to let from $10 up. .
M AKCU-1-: & It EM MEL, Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. aiatiou, Alameda, Cal. Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS DOWN WILL,
buy a 2-story bouse near station. Apply at
1536 Willow st., Alameda. ■■ . , i
ftll.l'A LOVELY COLONIAL COTTAOE
» — — O\J, of 6 larce rooms: all Improvements, I
street work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park, Alameda. I
(T>/'nnA BEAUTIJTCL NX VV MODERN I
O UUUU. two-story house, finely finished and I
beautifully frescoed; large room*; Central aye.,
one olock west of Park st.; it will surely please I
yon: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
«63 Ninth St.. Oakland.
MUUUSXJCV KiSAL JKSXATBi " : :
Q AVeTrENT— ONLY $1500: MODERN, NEW
O 4-room cottatce; 1 block from station: pay-
ments same as rent; 40-foot lou M. L. WUKTS,
opp. D wight- way station.
GOOD HOMES FOR RKNT OR FOR SALS
on rasy terms. • O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate
and building. -123 Center st., Berkeley.
OSEPiI J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
insurance agent, Berkeley statn, adjoining bank
BEIIKELEY BOOMS AM) BOABDINtt.
pULTURHD" HOME FOR YOUNG n LADIES
\J attending college; sunny rooms; excellent
tab'.e: .1 block, from university: references re.
qnired.' Address K. R.. Berkeley. Cal.
FjUOPJSKTX TO K.VCiIANUK.
TfnT^ors^nFfiTTM^s^^
O\J\J 20 houses end lota, from *1250 t0.. 910.000
BO ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30,000
20 bouses. Oakland and Alameda, $1000 to 8.000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3.000
WHAT HAVK YOU 1O OFFERT
I SELL AND EXCHANGE — : " " ." .
All kinds of property. : — - —
11. C. DECKER. 1021) Market St.. opposite Fifth.
TTOUSK AND LOT IN KABl' OAKLAJNu irofi
ill park lots. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
;\f\(\ fOOO ACrtES~GOOD LAND: WILL
iji)"UU. exchange for good livery stable or
other paying business. OKO. SWAN, 720 Natuma.
VOX EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
X erty. 60 acres near San Jose, Cal.; 2,3 orchard
in bearing, i's bare land: cash value 21, 000. Ad-
dress 14 II 8., box 11, Call Office.
1 OQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J _Qlf wwtPr: Itm' fo-ciUtlP-rf\U<ni'. N..hx.lB.Call
. 3io;iJt:v to LOAN.
NY AMOUNT ON BONDS,"" DIAMONDS^
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; Interest low. private entrance;
private rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye. . ; :■;■>.-.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
I BTOKK, 948 Market st. : open evenings. -
GUI (\(\ f\C\(\ TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
UU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums. I
SIIAINWALD, .BUCKBEE <fc CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. . ■ - . ' - ■
MONKY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTKR-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
\IONEY LUANikii ON JKWU.LRI' AND
iVi other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
llCbilarlcetsu.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk,
1 \IRECT ON, YOUR FURNITURE OH PIANO;
X.' no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Dcnohus bide;. 1170 Market su
ANY AMOUNT: IKT. 21> or 3D MUKTUAUIM;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate la uro
bate. McCOLG AN. \l± Montgomery-, room 3.
BT&*Jl> MOKIt.AUKS; ■ INTERESTS IN ES-
tntes:lowpat rates ;no delay.M V.628 51 rSt.
\ I)VASt'KSOA'I)IAMO>'DB,JKWKLKV. ETU
fi olaiKbia Loon A- » oll!it<»rai Qfllro. 9 i-n»nt «v».
i -a \vn j;iu»ivKi:s.
T^i2«T r KEARN'y ST..' n 'ROOM~9^MONEy
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap. •
___________
MONEY WAMED.
TjrrAi^Eij^Lb^AiroT^wd^i-o^«7oo(rrcr6or»
»» security. Address F. G. WILSON, Brooklyn
Hotel. San Francisco.
VKOPOSALB.
"DROPOS ALS FOR W HITENING^ ANDTIn't-
X ing schoolhooses— Scaled proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In open session of the Board of 'Education, New
City Hail, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July.
23, 1896, hi 8:30 o'clock p. k.. tor wbi;enine and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and county of
San Francisco: ° Broadway, Boena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den-
man, Edison, Emerson, Everett", Fairniount.
Franklin, Fremont, Harfield, Girls 1 High, Golden
Gate, HHieht, - Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant. Horace Mann, Humboldt, Irving,
John . Swett, Jeffwsoo, Lafayette, he Conte, La-
cuna Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell High,
Madison. Marsh.ill. Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, Pacific Heights,
Peabody.* Polytechnic. Kedding, Richmond, Rio-
con, Sherman, BoiUb . Cosmopolitaa, Sheridan,
South San Francisco, Spring Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Sutro, Washington, .Webster. West
End, Whit i an.l infield Scott schools: all
work to lie done in accordance wi:n specifications
on tile at the storeroom of the School Department,
corner Pine ami Larkin sts. Each. bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the. above-named buildings. The board reserves
the right to reject any or. all blda as the public
good may require. - ~ . ■
. - GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
"PROPOSALS FOR A STONE BULKHEAD—
X. sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools : In open session of
the Board of Education, new City Halt, Ban Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday, Ju!» 22, 1886, at 8:30
o'clock p. m.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the Lafayette Primary School, in the Citr and
County, of San FrancUco, in accordance with the
specifications . (and the conditions mentioned
therein) at the office of Charles I. Havens, archi-
tect of the board, room 65, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market stree a. The board reserves
the right to reject any or: ail bids as the public
good may require. - .
<;■■ OROK BKANSTON. Secretary.
I PHYSICIANS. , ,
"iTeMOVED-^DR. C. 0." O'DONN ELL TO I'loi
IX Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
It his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
tucceasful practice is a guarantee of lair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall..
DISSOLUTION OF CO-P UKSIIIP.
TySSOLUTIONToF PARTNERSHIP — THE
XJ. firm of STONE ' & WEIL has been dissolved
by mutual * consent. ' WILLIAM M. WEIL will
continue the business, pay all liabilities and col-
lect all accounts. July 15, 1596.
LOST.
f OST— LADY 'VgOLD i WATCH ; ON LOCUST
i-i aye.. bet. Van " Ness aye. and McAllister st.;
ceepsake. Liberal reward if returned to 522 Van
Sess aye. - '
I. OST OR STOLEN. JULY 14— BLACK MARE!
1 1 with white hind feet: also end spring buggy;
•e ward on recovery or Information. Ferguson's
itables. 134 Seventh st. -
A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
1-J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
'•c name of ANDREA DERGANS. No. 207,081.
r.i>i finder will please return to bank. .
Q» - REWARD— LOST. LADY'S PURSE, 3 «5
up < ) pieces. I silver, coppers, 2-cent | stamp. "J.
FIELD, co-operative Cigar-store, Seventh St., bet.
VV'3slii!]gton and Broadway, Oakland.
1 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH TH HIBKRNI.v
i-J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
;he name of KATE DONELA ; No. 89 148. The
tinder will please return to bank.
~~ ~~ TYFIfiWBITJSRS.
■DEMINGTON, $35: SMITH. $60; SEND FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT «fe BANNAN.333Mntgmy
THE IiIVOKCt: HKCOKU.
Complaint filed:
Alice E. Bethel against James M. Bethel.
Divorces granted: .
Caroline M. Houston from John G. Houston, de-
sertion; Judge Hebbard.
Ida W. Scale from William A. Scale, adultery:
Judge Daingerfiald. Custody of minor child .
awarded to plaintiff. ■ -
BillTliS — - MARRIAGES— BEATitiT
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They mus» be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
zM?:?.'t* • HOIIN.
SCHALTCH—In this city, July 14. 1896, to the
wife of T. 1. Schaiich. a daughter.
SOHL— In this city, July 10,1896, to the wife of
William Sohl, a daughter.
REG AN-In this city, July 13, 1896, to the wife of
J. Regan, a daughter.
WILBER— In this city, July 17, 1696, to the wife
of H. C. Wllber, a son. __^__
MARRIED.
DIECKMANN— SCHERF— In this city, July 6,
1896. by the Rev. Father Lyons. Frederick H.
' Dieclcmann and Annie Scherf, both of San Fran-
cisco. .■ ■ \ .•■•.,■•
OLIVER-JOHNSON-In this city, July 4. 1896,
by the Rev. William C. Pond, Otto E. Oliver and
Lottie Johnson, both of San Francisco.
JDX£D.
Bagge, Edith C. < La Vallee. Noemle
Cation. William D. Loftus, Catherine V.
Caddell, Perfect* Ludemann. Albert
Daunet, Leon J. Luther, Harry W.
Dlllingham, Mrs. J. C. Mogan, Delia E. '
)riacoll, Joanna Nellrnan, Peter : ■■
Gatye, William O'Donnell. Edward P. I
Gruenhagen. Henrietta Riding, Julia
Hor;an, M. J. Roach. Thomas ,
Kelly, Irene Whliford, Annie M. ■
Williams, Robert
A.YER— In this city. July 17. 1896, lEllzabeth A.
Ayer, mother of Clarence Jr., William, Franit,
Phoebe, George and Washington Ayer, a Dative
of Boston, Mass., axed 43 years 4 months and 18
days. , ... . , -.-
BAGOE— In this city, July 16. 1896, Edith Chris-
tina Bagge, only and beloved child of Ellen and
Charles Basse," a native of San Francisco, ' aged
7 months. :■■•.••■ ■ . .
43~Frlenas and . acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from the family
residence. 112 Silver street. Interment L O. U. r.
Cemetery. . . -.-. - • .-. ' ■•
JATTON— In Oakland, July 16, 1896, William
Donald, infant son of Annie A. and the late W.
D. Catton, aged 8 months.
£SJ*Frlends and acquaintances are respest-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT'
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock p. v.. from the family
residence, .New Broadway and Fortieth street,
Oakland.
CADDELL— In this city, July 17.1895. Perfecta,
beloved child of John and Perfecta Caddell, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and
. 25 days.  -.-■ ■ . ■■ . ■ ■, •■• • . ■ >
DATJNET— In this city, July 17, 1896, Leon . J..
beloved son of Edward and Mamie Daunet, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 mouths and 15
■ days. : ■ ' ■ i ■'< ' ' '■'■'-■ ' '■ '■'.'' •■
DILLINGHAM— In this city. July 18, 1886, Mrs.
. Jane C. Dilllngham, aged 58 years 1 month and 7
days. - - -
DRISCOIdJ — In Benicia, Jnlv 16, 1896, Joanna
Driseoll, mother of Mrs. Mary K. Munroe of
Vallejo and Kate and John Driscoll of Benicla,
a native of Ireland, acred 75 yean. .
JK3*The funeral will take place THIS DAT
(Sa.uriay), at 10 o'clock a. Mm from her late
residence, thence to St. Dominic's Church, Be-
nicla. . . • ■
GATYE-In this city, July 15, 1896, William
Gatye, a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
3RUENHAGEN— In this city, July 17. 1895,
Henrieue, beloved wife of C. H. Gruenhageo, and
mother of O.arlotte, Alberta and Charles Gruen-
bagen. a native of Paris, France, aged 46 years.
ASTFriends and acquaintance* are rt-apeci-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKKOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from her late resl-
' residence, 2812 Gough ' street, between Pacific
■ and Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
t ery. ■ : ■- ■"••■: . \ •
HORGAN- In Oakland, July 17. 1896, at bis resi-
dence, 1055 - Willow street. Oakland. M. J. Hor-
gan, beloved husband of Mary A. Horgan, and
' uncle of John J. Korean, aged 42 years. [Boston
papers please copy.j -
i-B"Notice of funeral hereafter. .
KELLY— In this city, July 17, 1898, Irene, dearly
beloved daughter of James K. and the lute Ha-
nora Kelly, and sister of Mrs. William Lyle,
Margaret, John Jerome and Alf R. Kelly, a na-
. tive of • ban Francisco, aged 25 years 10 months
and 6 days. '
a3"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the family
residence, 309 Leavenworth street, thence to Hu
Jgnatins Church, Hayes street, where a solemn
requiem mat* will be celebrated for the re-
' pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleas«
• omit flowers. '■ •
LA VALLEE-In this city, July 16, 1898. Noemle,
' beloved wife of Armand La Vallee. and motbei
. of Liza, Armand and Archange La Vallee, a na-
tive of Montreal. Canada, agud 39 years 2 month!
and 14 days.
' Friends and acquaintances and members of
the Society of Our Lady of Vlctoires are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, IBIBVV Howard street, thence M
- Notre Dame d*s Victoires Church, Bash street,
between Grant avenue • and Stockton street,
where a solemn requiem high ma>< will be cele-
brated for the repose of her snul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. M. | Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral-car from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue. . , . .
LOKTUS— In this city. July 17, 1896, Catherine
Virginia, beloved' daughter of James, and M«rj
I.ofun, and sister of Agnes Loftns. a native a
San Francisco, aged 2 months and 17 days. . .
LUDEStANN— In this city, July 16. 1896. Albert
Ludetuann, a native oi Holstein, Germany, aged
' 27 year* • ■ -
•' tßT Friends and acquaintances am r<><!*»o*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
i Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. it.. from Pyth*an Castle
909 Market street, where, the funeral service:
will be held under tha auspices of court Sea
Rock No, 45. F. of A. Remains at the par
low of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel 1111
'. Cemetery. . - • ■
LUTHER— In this city. July 15. 1596. Harry W
Luther, a native of Indiana, aged 3a years i
} months and 16 days.
MOOAN-In this city, July 15, 1898. Delia E.
beloved wife of Joseph Mogan. a native of Count;
. <; ul way, Ireland, aged 46 years 4 months and It
Vy'Friends and acquaintances are respeo^
JEyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from, her lati
residence, California avenue. Interment 10.0.t
Cemetery.
NF.LLMAN— In this city, July M. 1898, Pete
Nellmao. a native of Denmark, aged 67 years.
O'DONNELL— In this City, July 16. 1896, Edwap
P. O'L'onneiU beloved son of Mrs. s. A. McLaugh
1 in, and brother of D. F., John T. and . James C
O'Donnell, Mrs. F. Pierce, Sadie Mclaughlin am
Sister Annie of the Convent of Mercy, a native c
Newtown, El Dorado County, Cat. aged 31 year
8 months and 25 days. : - ■ .
49* Friends and acquaintance? are restwet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT/
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. if., from his lat<
residence.: 1113% York street, thence to »
.Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mas
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, con:
■ mem-ins at 9 o clock a. k. Interment Moon
Calvary Cemetery.
RIDING — In this city, July 16, 1898. Julia, dearl;
beloved wife of T. R. Riding, and mother of Mai
ion and Robert Hiding, a native of Ireland, age.
42 years A months and 6 days. *
Friends and acquaintances ar« resoect
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROV
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from herlat
residence. 917 Post street, thence to St. Mary'
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solem
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repoa
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. late:
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '■
ROACH— In ihls cltv, July 13, 1896, Thomi
Roach, a native of New York, aged 40 years.
WHITFORD— In this city. Inly 17. 1896, An
Matilda Whltford. ' beloved daughter of Oeors
and Barbr.ra Whitford. a native of San Franclaci
aged 4 months and 18 days.
WILLIAMS— in this city. July 15, 1896, at th
residence of his son-in-law, John Ferguson, 291
Buchanan street, Robert Williams, belov€
fHther of Arthur. Charley. Stephen and Ben];
mlv Williams and Mrs. J. Ferguson, a native <
Ruabou Den besshire, ; North, ; Wales, aged 7
03" Friends of .deceased are respectfully invlu
to attend the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), i
1:30 o'clock p. it., from the residence of his so
ln-law. 2910 Buchanan street. Interment C;
press Lawn Ceraaurr. ;-;■ . '. ■-•
I MVcAVOY & CALL AC HER,
' FUNKRAL DIKECTORS A EMBALMKRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
- * *. Telephone 3080. -' :
MOUNT OLIVET GEMETERK
SAN MATEO : COUNTY: NEAREST CEM:
tery to the city; non-sectarian : in no ieaae *
elusive: location unexcelled. Office 997 Mark
street, southeast corner of Sixth. ■
1516
WORK TO BEGIN
THIS NOVEMBER.
San Francisco's Fine New
Postoffice Will Be
Rushed.
A BEAUTIFUL BUILDING
Five Stories High and Sur
mounted by Two Tall,
Stately Towers.
HANDSOME STONE TO BE USED
Inspector Clarke Here From Wash«
ington to Examine the Natnre
of the Ground
Work on San Francisco's new Postoffica
building is to begin November 1. Reliable
information from the architect's office in
Washington indicates that by that date
the contracts for material and work will
all have been placed upon the market.
John J. Clarke, Inspector of Govern
ment Buildings, arrived here Wednesday
and is at the Baldwin Hotel. The princi
pal object of hie visit to this City is to
make a careful examination of the cnarac
ter of the ground on which the new Post
office is to be built. He wishes to ascer
tain the stability of the soil, for upon that
will depend the particular kind of ma
terials to be used for the massive founda
tions and the superstructures. The inves
tigations will be completed this week.
The information will then be sent at once
to the Government Architect at Wash
ington, who is waiting for it, that he may
decide what pressure can be put upon
the ground and what style of work will be
required. He will then draw up his speci
fications preparatory to lettine the con
tracts.
Mr. Clarke is authorized to call upon
and consult with the leading local archi
tects in regard to the nature of the soil
and as to the loads that can be placed
upon each square foot. Local information
on this subject is preferable to actual tests
as the great number of large buildings
erected here during the last decade is evi
dence that considerable study has been
given to this subject.
The building is to be five stories high
and surmounted by two lofty towers. It
will be one of the most beautiful public
structures in tne United States. Those
who have seen the recently completed
perspective drawings of the exterior say
that the new postoffice is very sightly,
beautiful in detail, and desiened especially
to conform with tne locality in which it is
to be built.
Mr. Clarke is here to decide what stone
shall be used. Granite, white marble and
some sandstones have been suggested.
The feeling, however, at Washington is
that San Francisco's postoffice should be
built of some handsome, imperishable
stone, with t-uch trimmings or embellish
ments as may be in keeping witn that ma
terial.
The architect is now at work upon the
details of the plans for the interior of the
building. These will be completed within
a month, ami in six weeks the plans for
the entire building will be ready for speci
fications to be made from them.
The foundations and the basement up to
the water-table, or first floor of the build
ing, will De completed by the middle of
next Mayor by June 1. The progress of
the building from that time on will de
pend upon the amount of money available
each year, but cniefly upon the energy of
the Congressmen from this district in
securing appropriations.
Mr. Clark wishes to have dealers in
building material call upon him next
Tuesday noon in the office of tne Collector
of Customs, that he may get an expression
of opinion trom them.
So far he has inspected the old Custom
house, the Postoffice and the Appraisers'
buildings. The result is that about $10,000
will be spent in general repairs. Leaky
tkyiights, ceilings and walls bleached by
soot from poor gas, and plumbing will be
attended to in the old Custom-house.
And generally speaking the offices will be
puttied, plastered, patched and ventilated
wherever such work is necessary to make
them brighter and more tenantable.
A contract has been let for lighting the
several Government buildings by electric
ity. About $22,000 a year is spent for gas
in the Custom-house and the Appraisers'
building. It is thought that the use of
electric lights will result in a yearly sav
ing, as the smoke trom the gas necessi
tates an annual whitening 01 the ceilings
and walls. Electric light wires are al
ready being put in the old and the new
Appraisers' buildings.
The remoteness of these Government
buildings from the Washington office has,
it is said, resulted in these repairs being
neglected to a certain extent, and largely
because of the modesty of the custodians,
who have relrained from askim: for minor
improvements when they were needed.
The Government appropriates $300,000 a
year for incidental repairs to its buildings.
After completing his investigation* here
Mr. Clarke proposes to inspect the quar
antine station at Angel Island and to re
port on tne protection necessary to pre
serve the piles in the pier at that landing.
Next he will visit the Marine Hospital to
ascertain what improvements are neces
sary in order to obtain more light and
better sanitation in the buildings. He
will also report upon what is needed in
the way of apparatus for protection
against fire.
Before coming here he inspected the
Government buildings in San Diego and
Los Angeles. The latter city is to have
increased postoffice facilities. Mr. Clarke
drew up a plan for the improvements
which was agreeable to the postmaster and
to the citizens and he has sent it on to
Washing'on. A special fund secured
through Senator White will be applied to
this work. Because of the great changes
in tourist population the directory divi
NEW TO-DAT.
Ub TsnATJiilfT. — For red. rourh. chipped, or dU-
■ colored hand*. ioak them in a Wrong, not "«ud»" ■
■ of CimcCKA Soap, dry thoroughly, and apply Cr- H
■ ticcra (ointment), wearing eloTeidunnctnenl-ht ■
■ f mi Duva ft Cum. Cosr., Sole Tzep*., JB wtcu. g
sion in Los Angeles is greater than in any
other city in this country. As a result ad
ditional work is necessary in the postoffice.
Mr. Clarke will start for the East next
Wednesday^
BOY STRUCK BY A CAR.
An Unknown Urchin Knocked Down
by a Powell-Street Car, but Es
capes With. Severe Bruise*.
Tnere was another boy struck by one of
Huntington's fenderless cars yesterday
afternoon, but in this instance neither life
nor limb was lost, though the urchin was
severely bruised.
As car 409, running on the Powell-street
line, was crossing Lombard street on its
way to Market, the boy ran across the
track to avoid a car coming from the op
posite direction. On the other track he
paused to look around, when car 409
struck him.
He was knocked about eight or ten feet
by the force of the blow, but luckily fell
outside the path of the car. The gripman
and conductor at once ran to his assist
ance and picked him up. In a few
minutes he was able to hobble away.
> » »
ATTORNEY PRESTON RECOVERS
Attacked With Heart Failure After
Having Taken a Bath.
E. F. Preston, the attorney of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company, gave cause for serious
alaru to his friends and relatives yester
day afternoon.
Shortly after taking a bath he was seized
with an attack of heart failure, and for a
brief period his condition was considered
serious. Medical aid was promptly sum
moned and ne was soon placed out of dan
ger. At a late hour last night he was re
ported to be resting easily in his rooms at
the Pacific Union Club and to be out of all
danger. So far nad he recovered that it is
expected that he will be about to-day as
usual.
LANG BEAT HIS SPOUSE-
Brutality of a Pine-Street Cigar-
Dealer May Cause a
Divorce.
Seized Her by the Hair and Dragged
Her From Bed While She Was
Very Sick.
The divorce suit of Bessie Lang against
Charles Lane came up in Judge Hebbard's
court yesterday on a motion for alimouy
pending trial.
Lang is a cigar-dealer at 328 Pine street,
ana if half the story his wife tells of him
be true he is a brute with few peers. The
complaint says that the couple were mar
ried on Nevember 7, 1881, and that during
the fifteen years since then ten children
have been born to them. Recently the
husband is charged with so far forgetting
his manhood as to striKe his better half.
On March 13, 1896, it is alleged that
Lang struck his wife with his clenched
fist, pulled her out of bed by the hair of
her head and otherwise maltreated her in
a shameful manner. On April 12 the per
formance of the previous month was re
peated with the exception that the pro
gramme was varie 1 to the extent of the
administration of a number of kicks. Mrs.
Lang alleges that on this occasion she
was dragged about the house, her husband
holding her by her hair, a:id that as the
result of this treatment she was rendered
"sick and sore and black and blue."
Lang seems to have been assailed at
regular intervals with spells of brutality,
for a month after the April attack, May
10, he again peat His wife. She was sick
in bed at the time. He called her vile and
indecent names, said he hoped she would
die and refused to give her food or drink
and would not allow any one else to do so.
The next day he again beat her, this time
with bis clenched list.
Lang's success as a wife-beater seemed
to encourage him, and each successive
time he tried her powers of endurance by
striking her with a more deadly weapon.
On May 14 he assaulted her with a
heavy chair and was only prevented from
adding murder to his list of shortcomings
because of the interferance of his eldest
daughter, Mamie, aged 13 years, and a
neighbor.
One another occasion, the date of which
she does not remember, Mrs. Lang says
her husband threw a bucket of boiling
water over her, the scars of the scalding
she received then being permanent.
Mrs. Lang prays for a divorce, the ens
tody of the children, $100 per month ali
mony and the household furniture at 917
Greenwich street.
BALDWIN IS MINUS.
The Marshal Suddenly Finds Himself
Without Coin With Which to Pay
Witnesses.
United States Marshal Barry Baldwin
suddenly found himself without funds
yesterday. A gentleman whose name is
not to be given out, however, came to the
rescue, to the great relief of all directly
concerned.
The unfortunate condition of affairs de
veloped in a suit of the Government be
fore Commissioner Heacock to cancel an
agricultural patent and certain lands held
by Job E. Petit of Amador County. At
the conclusion of the case, which was
taken under advisement by the Commis
sioner, the witnesses, six in number, filed
into the Marshal's office for their per diem
and mileage.
Then it was the astounding discovery
wan made that the cash was short. The
usual check had failed to come on time,
and just how to meet the indebtedness
was not for the moment apparent. Then
a good Samaritan appeared on the scene,
and Baldwin was safe. The law is very
strict concerning tne pay of witnesses. It
provides that no case shall be called un
less the coin is on hand to meet all obliga
tions. Any violation of this subjects the
Marshal to a possible "call down" in no
uncertain way by the authorities at Wash
ington.
SUED RANKIN'S ESTATE.
A Japan Missionary Seeks to Recover
Money Loaned on a Note.
Mary B. Daniels has sued the estate of
Ira P. Rankin for $350, balance claimed to
be due on a promissory note for $650, made
on October 1, 1889.
There is a peculiar legal point involved
in the case. The attorneys for Rankin's
executors claim that the note is outlawed
by the statute of limitations. Miss
Daniels, who was a missionary in Japan,
says that in 1893 Mr. Rankin paid her $100
on account and signed a receipt, written
by himself, in the body of which was his
name. She claims that under a recent
Supreme Court decision the fact of tne
debtor having written his name in a
receipt, even without his signature, renews
the note from the day of the receipt.
Last of the Knsh.
All previous records were broken by the train
which left her© last night for Portland. It
was the last on which the cut rates prevailed.
There were fifteen tourist and five Pullman
coaches, which carried an aggregate of 490
passengers. The train out of Portland Thurs
day night was also a record breaker, consist
ing of twenty cars and carrying 474 pas
sengers. - -
The steamer Columbia took out 290 pas
sengers and was compelled to refuse passage to
about 100. -
» * • .
The Stab to-day will contain the latest
political news. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896.
PEDRO JIMENEZ
DEFENDS HIMSELF,
He Unfolds a Tale of the
Most Intolerable
Outrages.
GLORIES IN HIS ACT.
Don Carlos Ezeta Is Stigmatized
as a Bully and a
Coward.
PEDRO'S AIM WAS UNERRING.
The Young Man Says He Is Satisfied
and Has No Desire to Kill
the General.
"What things the papers have been say
ing about me!" exclaimed Don Pedro
Jimenez yesterday.
The ex-Prosecuting Attorney of Court
1 of the First Instance, in the City of
San Salvador, was seated with a friend in
his rooms at the Hotel Marechal Niel dis
cussing the all-absorbing topic of the day
among local Spanish-Americans — his at-
tack of last Tuesday upon the ex-Presi
dent of Salvador, Don Carlos EzPta. The
youthful jurist has a pleasing exterior,
and with a frankness truly charming gave
his views upon the incident and the causes
which led up to it.
"The story is a long one," he began,
"but I will tell it as briefly as I can. To
commence with, the decent element in
Salvador, especially in San Salvador, the
capital city, was disgusted with General
Ezeta. His ungrateful attitude toward
President Menendez was particularly
noticeable. Menendez had been a father
to Ezeta, and only a snort time before his
mysterious death he presented the gen
eral with a horse valued at $3000, a ring
set with brilliants and a magnificent new
uniform. And yet all the while Ezeta was
scheming to get the Presidency.
"Then came the sudden and unexplained
demise of the fresident. I saw his body
which, after death, became coal-black, and
from that day I conceived an intense aver
sion to Ezeta and hoped I might never
know him.
"After my admission to practice a
friend offered to present me to Ezeta, who
had by this time elected himself President
of the republic. 1 begged my friend not
to introduce me, as I desired not to know
the man. This circumstance was, I un
derstand, brought to the general's notice
and saved np for future reference and
action.
"About this time a thesis on the Presi
dential veto power, which I had pub
lished before my admission to the bar,
commenced to circulate rather extensive
ly. The editor of the Eco Nacional, the
official journal of the city of San Salvador,
warned me that the President was greatly
incensed at some of the propositions ad
vanced by me in my thesis, and said be
feared I would get into trouble. I said if
there were any errors in my essay they
could be corrected, and I would be glad
to acknowledge the justice of the correc
tion. Then, or shortly thereafter, I was
elected prosecuting attorney, or fiscal del
juzgado primero de prim era instancia, a
post similar to that of public prosecutor.
"Shortly after my appointment I received
a letter from the President, which I nave
yet in my possession, asking me to use my
influence in favor of a certain Martin
Garcia. It seems that during the annual
fiesta of the Barrio del Calvario in the city
of San Salvador Captain Garcia had taken
the notion to amuse himself by flinging
fire-crackers at a Spaniard known by the
Italian-sounding name of Pauli. The
Spaniard resented the familiarity, and
after a brisk altercation struck the cap
tain in the face. Garcia forthwith drew
his pistol and shot Pauli dead.
"I returned no answer to the President's
letter. The Judge also had received a
similar communication. I told Garcia to
bother me with no more letters, least of
all with any from Ezeta, and that so far as
I was concerned the law would have to
take its course. Garcia camp into court
accompanied by a certain colonel, a per
sonal friend of the President. In my
argument I stated plainly that the inter
vention of the President had rendered any
words of mine unavailing, but that I
would do my best to do my official duty,
which I did.
"As I was leaving the courtroom I met
the President face to face. I made way
for bis Excellency, bnt did not salute him.
Ha gave me a most malignant look, which
I pretended not to observe. In company
with another lawyer I went to a cafe,
where we had a glass of orangea le. We
were going out when a military gendarme
arrested me and conveyed me to the bar
racks. There my clothing was stripped
from me and I was dressed in a private's
uniform. Then 1 was put through a course
of 'calisthenics' which would have been
enough to kill a horse.
"For four whole hours I was driven
round and round the ereut central court
ya.d, urged on by officers with scourges
and bayonets. Then I vras taken and
made to sit and rise an immense number
of times, in order to 'limber up my joints.'
At last I fell exhausted into a bed which
was alive with vermin. The next day, at
4 o'clock in the morning, I was routed
up and made to sprinkle and then to
sweep the courtyard, afterward being
sent out in company with two armed
guards, carrying a broom and bucket in
my hands to sprinkle and sweep the street
in front of the barracks. During the beat
of the day I was obliged to scour the can
nons. I knew nothing of such work, nor
indeed of any manual labor, and made
many mistakes, for each of which I was
unmercifully scourged with knotted
thongs of rawhide.
"The Prime Minister appealed to Ezeta,
and was told that if ne mentioned the
matter again he would be sent to keep me
company, and that I could get out by pay
ing $50. This I refused to d"o on principle.
My uncle, the old friend of Ezeta's sisters
when they were living in one of the con
vents of San Salvador as charity students,
interceded for me, but without avail, the
President saying he 'did not want to talk
to that old man again.' After three days
of indescribable torment I was released
through the influence of friends.
"My thoughts and feelings during the
three days of my sojourn in that abode of
satanic cruelty and nameless filth— l leave
them to be imagined Dy any one having
the Heart of a man. In my unavailing in
ward protestations against the foul injus
tice which had been done me, I made up
my mind to be avenged. I, a gentleman
born and bred, a man of means, a high
court official, had been forced at the point
of lash and bayonet to ignoble manual
labor, as though I were a common peon.
My back, which had never crooked before
usurped and tyrannical authority, had
been flayed with untanned thongs. The
noblest, manliest instincts of my nature
had been brutally outraged, and I swore
that I would have venceance. I have kept
my oath and now I am content.
"At lunch time on last Tuesday, for the
first time since my arrival here, 1 found
myself face to face with my persecutor of
other days. The time and place were in
appropriate, but I was unable to restrain
the torrent of just wrath which surged
fortL from my inmoßt soul. Approaching
the general, 1 said:
" ' Carlos Ezeia, do you remember me?'
'The general made no answer. His
countenance became of a ghastly, livid blue
tint, and he trembled in every limb.
''Villain!' I then exclaimed; 'you are
worthy only to bespat uoon.'
"Suitine the action to the word, I spat,
and spat to such good purpose that a nap
kin had to be called into requisition in
order to repair the damage to his Excel
lency's face.
' 'You may keep on with your lunch
now, I forthwith said to him. 'I have
done what I came to do, and I am con
tented.'
"In place of doing as I recommended,
the eeneral caught hold of a chair, whether
to use it as a weapon against me or as a
PI>OD Su dls tre mbling frame, 1 could not
?f?V lQ en I took out my pistol, and
holding it by the barrel, threatened to
smash his head with the butt if he came
nea . r ™«- He fled off through the kitchen,
and that is the last I have seen of him
from that day to this. He keeps his room,
and even takes his meals there, I believe,
",•> c not Been nim in the dining-room.
General Ezeta's face has more than
once come in contact with another man's
« J. Va * jln Paris ne was challenged to
tight a duel and was afraid to accept. His
opponent, enraged and disgusted at such
a display of cowardice, spat in Ezeta's face
aurir.K a performance at one of the princi
pal theaters. So you can see by this time
the thing must nave become natural to
aim.
"As for the rest, the court proceedings
are a matter of oublic record and will be
known in time. lam thoroughly and en
tirely satisfied with my work. I do not
wish to kill him. Why should If I may
liave to pay a fine. Thank heaven, lam
able to do so, and shall never quarrel
about the price which I may have to pay
for the vindication of my honor as a gen
tleman.
THEY DINED TOGETHER,
Miss Redmond Goes Out With
the Man She Sues for
$50,000 Damages.
Capitalist Carter Has a Two Hours'
Pleasant Tete-a-Tete at an
Uptown Cafe.
The Redmond-Carter $50,000 damage
suit has taken on a new aspect. The sun
shine seems to be breaking through the
clouds, smiles have replaced frowns and a
new relation is being established between
the principals.
A few weeks ago, it will be remembered,
Mary E. Redmond, whose occupation is
given in the directory as a dressmaker,
brought suit against Thomas Carter, a
capitalist and car-Duilder and a well
known citizen of San Francisco, for $50,000
damages for breach of promise.
Mr. Carter in an interview with a Call
reporter made a general denial of the
charge, stated tbat the case was one of
blackmail, said he had coranromised with
Miss Redmond once before by paying her
$5000 and taking her receipt in full for all
claims against him, and that during the
ten or twelve years he had known the
young lady she had been given of his
money as much as $12,000.
Mr. Carter said he had bad enough of
the fair Miss Redmond and her wiles;
that there was a time to draw the line, and
that he would draw it on the damage suit.
But— and the but is another story.
Thomas Carter, capitalist, and the
charming Miss Redmond are making over
tures to eacii ot :er.
Last evening tbey enjoyed a tete-a-tete
dinner at a prominent uptown cafe. The
capitalist and Miss Redmond were semi
protected from the general gaze by a
friendly screen purposely so arranged, and
an acquaintance wno saw them says they
dined from 8:30 to 10:30 p. m. Many smiles
were on Miss Redmond's face at the con
clusion of the dinner, and by the time
black coftee was reached the bachelor cap
italist's dignity nad given way to a mel
lowness that led him to complacently
stroke bis long and handsome beard.
Besides the dinner Mr. Carter and Miss
Redmond have been seen walking to
gether, arm in arm, on Kearny and Mont
gomery streets within the last two days.
Henry E. Hignton 13 Miss Redmond's
attorney. When seen last evening he de
nied that he knew of any such thing as a
compromise in the suit ana declared that
be did not suspect that there was an ele
ment of orange blossoms and a long white
veil in the case, and expressed surprise
that his client and the sturdy capitalist
should be dining together.
FROM MAJOR McKINLEY.
A Courteous Letter Received
by General Robert A.
Friedrich.
Read Last Thursday at a Meeting of
Alger Camp No. 4, Army and
Navy League.
A meeting of Alger Camp No. 4, Army
and Navy Republican League of Califor
nia, was held at headquarters, 26 o'Farrell
street, on Thursday evening.
The principal business of the camp was
the election of officers for the ensuing
term, but after the selection of Captain
Leon E. Jones as colonel and G. H. Alberti
as adjutant the election of the other offi
cers of the camp was postponed until the
meeting on Thursday, July 30.
Commander-in-Chief Robert A. Fried
rich addressed the comrades present, fur
nishing some interesting information as
to the condition of the league in Califor
nia. He told the camp he had written to
Major William McKintey that the veter
ans of the army and navy in this State
would see to it that California gave a good
account of herself in favor of the Republi
can candidate for President in November
next and had sent him copies of resolu
tions adopted by the league here, both be
fore and since his nomination. In reply
he received the following letter:
July 7, 1896.
General Robert A. Priedrich, Cummander-in-
Chief Army and Kavy lifpub'ican League of
ralifornia, 16 O'Farrcll Strttt, San Francisco—
My Dear Sir: li was with peculiar satisfac
o.« OI L Rnd P' ensur e I received your favor of the
2A ih ult. conveying the resolution of congratu
lation and indorsement adopted by the officers
and members of the Army and Navy Republi
can League of California on June 22.
I beg that you convey this expression to the
members of your organization. Very truly
yours, William McKinley.
W. E. Henderson, the rising young
colored orator, was invited to address the
camp, and in a short but eloquent speech
portrayed the superiority of the principles
and candidates of the Republican party
over those of its opponents. Major James
Kip also made a short speech, after which
the meeting was closed with a ringing Re
publican address by the newly elected
colonel, Leon E. Jones.
The Divorce Courts.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a divorce
to Caroline M. Houston from JohnG. Houston,
because of the letter's willful desertion.
Judge Daineerfield yesterday granted a
divorce to I<i a W. .Seaie from William A. Scale
on statutory grounds. The defendant was
ordered to pay plaintiff $30 per month ali
mony until further orders. The custody ot a
minor child was also awarded to plaintiff.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
READY TO DIE AT.
SIXTEEN YEARS,
Lansing Fuller Makes a
Desperate Attempt on
His Life.
PIQUED AT A SISTER.
Took Poison Because She Re
fused to Work a Day
for Him.
HID HIMSELF IN A CLOSET.
The Desperate Youth Tries to Insure
the Drug's Work Being Not
Interrupted.
Lansing Fuller, a lad who has not yet
seen his seventeenth year, aggrieved at
what ne considered unkind treatment on
the part of his sister, and suffering from a
severe headache, made an attempt to end
his troubles yesterday afternoon.
It was a desperate effort and was carried
out with a cold nerve that the suicide sel
dom displays. There was no swallowing
of poison and then hurriedly announcing
the iact to friends and relatives that they
might haste for a physician ana a stom
ach pump.
This youthful victim of melancholia
quietly wrote a note of farewell, then
swallowed something, the character of
which has not yet been discovered, and
sought a quiet nook where there was little
chance of discovery until the drug had
taken effect.
Young Fuller has resided with his
mother at €14 Bush street for the past two
months. For a much longer period he
has been employed as an office-boy in the
publishing establishment of the Town
Talk, conducted by S. B. Carleton. He
has been known as an industrious and
manly little fellow, and, save in moments
when the severe headaches to which he
was subject were upon him, he was as
blithe and gay as most boys of 16.
Yesterday morning Lansing went to bis
work as usual. Before going, however, he
complained of a severe headache, and
begged his sister to take his place at tne
office. The sister, little thinking how
much in earnest the boy was, refused bis
request, and without much ado Lansing
went to his daily task.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon be re
turned to his home.
••What, you here?" said his mother in
some surprise, for Lansing was not due for
two hours.
"Yes. mother," he replied; "my head
hurt so I couldn't stand it any longer.
Then he muttered something to the effect
that he would not be around there much
more, but his mother knowing he was
piqued athis sister's action in the morn
ing paid little attention to him. The boy
sat down by a table and commenced
writing. His mother left the room and he
was not seen for an hour.
About 5 o'clock Mrs. Curtis, the proprie
tor of the house where the Fullers reside,
had occasion to open the door to a closet
adjoining the room where Lansing slept.
Curled up on an improvised bed she saw
the lad, and believing be was sleeping she
atteniDted to wake him. It was in vain.
Then she opened a window to obtain more
light and was horrified to observe the
pallor of death on the boy's face.
Frightened as she was the had the pres
ence of mind to hurry for medical assist
ance. Dr. Mouser was summoned and by
energetic and skillful work restored the
lad to consciousness. The work of counter
acting the drug was seriously hampered
by the fact thai it was not Known just
what the boy had taken. The lad vigor
ously denied that he had taken anythiug.
"My head was hurting so I couldn't stand
it," he declared on being restored, "so I
just laid down where it was quiet and
went to sleep."
The effect of the boy's statement was
nullified by a note which Lansing left.
This was evidently the paper he was seen
to write just before his attempt at suicide.
In it he declared himself tired of living.
The "folks" were unkind to him, he de
clared, and he wanted to get out of the
way.
The effects of the drug resembled those
of laudanum though Dr. Mouser could not
state that that was what the boy had
taken. His friends are inclined to excuse
the lad's rash act by the statement that
the severe headaches to which he was sub
ject made him temporarily insane, or at
least caused him to suffer so severely that
it was almost impossible for him to control
himself.
SERVICE OF SONG.
Sabbath Evening: Vespers to Be Made a
Feature at the Howard-Street
M. K. Church.
An elaborate vespers service will in
future be a permanent feature each Sab
bath evening at the Howard-street Metho
dist Episcopal Church. The experiment
of last week brought such flattering re
sults as to cause the committee to make
the feature permanent. The regular choir
will be supplemented with specialists who
are prominent in the musical world.
The programme for to-morrow night
will be as follows:
Organ prelude, "Adante Religioso" (Leybach-
Westbrook); doxology ; trombone solo, "The
Lost Chord" (Sullivan), Miss Maud Noble;
soprano solo, "Aye Maria," (Mascagni), Mrs,
( arrif Brown Dexter; violin obliea'o, L.
A. Hughes; prayer; anthem, "What Shall the
Harvest Be?" (Bliss); cornet bolo, selected,
Miss Pearl Noble; organ solo, nocturne ln A
Major, (Munro); soprano solo, "With Verdure
Clad" (Creati), Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter;
sermon, "Climbing Fool's Hill," pastor; violin
solo, "Religious Meditation" (Eichberg),
L'.ewelyn A. Hughes; anthem, "O, Give
Thanks" ; duet lor cornet and trombone, se
lected, Misses Pearl and Maud Noble; postlude,
"March dcs Phan tomes," (Scotson Clark).
Professor Martin Schultz will preside at
the organ and act as director.
Swimmen Klect Officer*.
The California Swimming Club had its first
annual election at their new headquarters at
Sutro Baths last evening. The following offi
cers were elected: President, T. W. Hunting
ton; vice-president, A. MacKillop; captain. R.
B. Cornell; sub-captain, \V. S. Atkinson; treas
urer, W. G. Sparrov.e; secretary, A. A. Bmith
committee—O. Shu'te, Sam Mcßirney, Lott
Copper. B. Firoment, F. Burnett, A. Cobblyn,
M. Harrison, E. Empy.
R. B. Cornell, T. W. Sparrowe and W. S. Mar
quest start Monday on their wheels to visit
San Jose, Santa Cruz and Del Monte, and will
endtavor to get a challenge for the Sprecicels
Polo Club, which is the oniy one of its Kind iv
this country.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SATD KDA V SPECIALS
■ .A.T ; ■ '■ —
SACRIFICE SALE PRICES
The crowd-bringing BARGAINS that are
making our GREAT JULY SACRIFICE
SALE OF ALL SPRING AND SUMMER
GOODS so universally popular are to-day
re=enforced by the following
POWERFULLY ATTRACTIVE VALUES I
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
j3k.t 8O Cents.
LAD IBS' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and stripes,
will be closed out at 30c each.
At 35 Conts.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, regular price 75c,
will be closed out at 35c each.
.AJt SO Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales, stripes and checks, bishop sleeves,reg»
ular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
-A-t 78 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good percale,
regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
At 61.50.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in light shades, lined all through, regular price $5, will bo
closed out at $1 50 each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
_A-t 23 Cents.
LADIES' Ml) SUN DRAWERS, made of heavy muslin, finished with tucks and em-
broidery, will be closed out at 25c each.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' GOWNS, made of good quality muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, will be
closed oat at 35c each.
jSL.t 35 Cents.
LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, yoke of embroidery, neck and sleeves
finished with edging, regular price 60c, will be closed out at 35c each.
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
-A_t 18 Cents a, TZ"£MC€3L.
THREE-QTTARTER WIDTH CHENILLETTE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regu-
lar price 25c, reduced to 15c per yard.
JStJt 2O Cents a, Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular
price 30c, reduced to 20c per yard. ,
j£jt 28 Cents a. 7ETax*cl..
BRUSSELS NET BORDERED VEILING, black, navy and brown, embroidered with
white, regular price 65c, reduced to 25c per yard.
.AJt 25 Cents A. Yard.
THREE-QUARTER WIDTH CHENILLE . DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular
price 40c, will be closed out at 25c per yard.
JSkJt 25 Cents a. 'STja.z-cl.
DOUBLE-WIDTH CHENILLETTE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, regular price
60c, reduced to 25c per yaid.
-A.t SO Cents a "y«.rci.«
CREAM CHANTILLY- BORDERED VEILING, dotted and figured, regular price
90c, reduced to 50c per yard.
I RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At XO Cents.
No. 22 3-INCH DOUBLE-FACED SAI IN RIBBON, assorted colors, value 30c, will
be closed out at 10c a yard.
, At 35 Cexxts.
4-INCH:ALLrSILK HANDSOME DRESDEN RIBBONS, value 65c, will be closed
out at 35c a yard.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
A.t 35 Cents.
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, 8-button length, colors tan and mode (broken
sizes), worth regular $1, will be closed out at 35c a pair.
At 55 Cexits.
LADIES' 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, colors tan and brown, also black, worth regular
$1, will be clo sed out at 55c a pair.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR SPECIALS!
■At 12 1 , Cexits a, Fair.
CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels and toes
reduced from 20c. f '
.At X2Va Cexits A. 3E*alx».
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, douole heels and toes, Hermsdorf black, reduced
from 20c.
At 5O Cents Saeh.
BOYS' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY WOOL SHIRTS AND DRAWERS non-
shrinkable, reduced from 85c and 9ic. '
.At 75 Cents Eacli.
LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SANITARY CASHMERE WOOL VESTS high neck
long sleeves, drawers to match, reduced from $1 25. *
CORSETS! CORSETS!
At 6O Cexits.
LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, two side steels each side, guaranteed
perfect fitting, black and drab, regular price $1, reduced from this sale to 60c.
BOYS' AND MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 12, Cents.
75 dozen SOLID-COLOR COTTON SOCKS, in brown, tan and mode shades* also
FASHIONED SEAMLESS NATURAL GRAY WOOL HALF-HOSE usual
price $2 per dozen, will De closed out at 12}£c. *
At 25 Cents. ~L
120 dozen BOYS' CHEVIOT CALICO AND PERCALE WAISTS, sizes 3 to 12 regu.
- lar price 350, will be closed out at 25c. « « w **, «b«
.At 35 Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S CAMELS' HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS Shirts sizes
34 to 46, Drawer, 30 to 42, regular price 65c each, will be closed out at 35c a garment.
.At SO Cents.
**■ STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
/ M/Mp***^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
if HarM Shit, corner of job; /