VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 27.
YET MASSACRE
THE PACIFICOS
Spanish Soldiers Continue
to Murder and Report
"Victories.'*
Officers Who Are Disgusted
With Butcheries Want to
Leave the Island.
General Ochardo Resigned Becase
Weyler Ordered Him to Assas
sinate Maceo-
HAVANA, Cuba, Dec. 26.— News from
Mantua, in the province of Piner del Rio,
pives the details of an encounter between
t ieutetiaut Llama in command of a botiy
4 local guerrillas and volunteers. The
Spanish arrived at a place called Rancho
an*! found an insurgent camp from which
they v/ere fired upon. The soldiers returned
the (ire, whereupon the rebels fled in
great disorder, leaving twenty-three dead
on the field. The Government troops sus
tained no Iqss.
The information comes from a Spanish
source. It i-a learned from another source
t hat the affair was similar to others, where
unarmed men were killed and the dead
alleged rebels were simply pacincos who
had no means of defending themselves
against the Government troops.
Last night bands of rebels fired on the
towns of Santo ile los Vegas, Rancho
Boyeror and Calabasera, all in the province
of Havana. The attack caused great ex
citement among the inhabitants, but be
yond firing a few shots, which were pro
ductive of no result, the rebels withdrew.
The latest reports concerning the move
ments of General Weyler, who was en
camped near San Cristobal, is that he
marched to-day. No information is given
regarding his objective point.
PALERIA NORDIRSE METHODS
Spanish Oflir-m of Manhood Sickened
by the c.'ierlest.
HAVANA. Cuaa, Dec. 20, via Key West.
D£c. 26. — Maceo's ileatli is still the lead in
topic of conversation among the people of
Havana. It is »aid that one of the reasons
why General Ocbardo resigned was that
he declined General Weyler's orders to en
traf> Ma'ceo. Weyler then out of spite cir
culated the news •in Madrid that Och
ardo had dealings with Maceo and re
vealed Government plans; also that Och
&r4o allowed Maceo to cross the roc ha. \
Weyler's campaign of bloodshed and de
vastation in the I'iaar del Itlo province
continues more vigorous than ever. It is
owiS that Weyler has issued secret
urders to consider as bandits ail found
outside the town or city limits, and they
are therefore shot on the spot. Many
honorable officers are protesting against
this order and requesting passports to ro
111 en Jo Spain. They say. they came to
lij_'ht° Cubans and not to kill innocent
Veorrie.
The Heraldo and the Liberal at Madrid
have protested strongly against Wcy
lex's horrible method? of carrying on the
war. ." . °
Jt-fs o a fact that the rebels have in
trenched in the hills at least 20,000 well
aimed' and ammunitioned troops. The
Spaniards admit me presence of 6000, and
cannot, understand Weyler'a declaring the
sectj_oi%, pa.cified while so many are still
existing.
CaJixtp Garcia captured the whole con
ycty ', w*hich General Keyes escorted to
iJayamo. • This is said to be the most im
rortant "convoy ever sent to that place.
j%]-n<Kher convoy sent to Jigguam by Gen
eral °Basch was forced to return, as they
ffjuna {he. place besieged by rebels under
(Jiarcia.
;; oYesterday0 Yesterday the rebels burned the town of
Calvary; close to Havana, and are still
a'.'ttv-f- around .the city. It is known from
reliable sources that 24,(300 Spanish sol
diers 0 are in the military hospital, without
countijn-r the many thousands sick in the
rariks,".- Tire Havana hospitals alonobave
IVOu.
lt c is Known that Gomez is steadily ad
vancing. Numerous sharp conflicts in
Santa-Clara province this week point to
his /whereabouts, or at least show that
la'rge° masses of rebels are in that province.
ACTINESTER THREE FRIENDS
Kit ;";Meld. Nt K*ij West Awaiting an
■ „*.• „' . '■• Official Investigation.
.' Washington, d. c, Dec 26—The
anl-y'-information received by the Treas
ury. Department concerning the seizure
at. 'Key "West of the reported filibustering
Meander Three Friends was contained in
a telegram from the Collector of Customs
at; ; ..tiVar° port, saying that tho vessel was
detained on suspicion on the general in-
(ructions, issued by the department to
li.etai°n all vessels suspected of violating
the neutrality laws.
' o The ."officials of the department tele
graphed the Collector of Customs at Fer
nantlma, from which. port she is supposed
to have sailed when her departure was re
ported in the newspapers, asking whether
the vessel had cleared properly, but up to
4 o'clock/when the inquiry was received,
no" reply had arrived. The report of the
Collector of Customs at Key "West regard
ing" the detention of the Tree Friends has
been 3 referred by the Treasury "Department
t©° t+i°e Department of Justice.
SPAIN`S CLAIM ATRENGTHENED
Jirihantls for Damages to Follow the
' • Exploit of the Jhrer J-'riendi.
' : NE\VVJ?dRK. N. V., Dec. 26.— A private
ae£j*att?h from Washington says:
Spain 's°c!aim for damages apainst the
Til:!p°4 States crowing out of the Cuban
filibustering operations has been strength
mecT.bjr the conflict between the alleged
Jjlii)°ujstefing Three Friends and a
S.i'iaftfsli'-coast guard vessel. , ,
o .T33e'-'!Madria Government has long con
,e|-iled' o -throuph Us legation at Washing
ton°th)it tbe°Federa"l . authorities had not
used djue diligence to prevent the depart
ure 6f filibustering expeditions in aid of
the C uban" c insurgent3.
This last voyage of the Three Friends
will be Submitted as the strongest evidence
yfttfpbtained ;n support of the contention j
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 27, 1896— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
that the United States Government has
not exercised proper diligence. The vessel
was libeled last May on a charge of having
violated the neutrality laws.
She was released under $10,000 bonds in
accordance with a provision of the neu
trality law?, her owners and officers bind
ing themselves to appear for trial. The
Spanish Minister vigorously protested
against the vessel's release, and insisted
that she should be held in custody until
the charge against her had been passed
upon by the courts.
Tne claim of the Spanish Government
for damages will be greatly strengthened
by the fact that Minisier de Lome had
protested against the release of the Three
Friends on the former occasion.
The Spanish claim will also be strength
ened by the fact that the legation had, just
prior to the departure of the last expedi
tion, notifitd the Government that the
Three Friends was about to carry such an
expedition to Cuba.
On behalf of the Government, however,
it will be argued that every possible pre
caution was taken to prevent the depart
ure of the expedition. The customs offi
cials and the officers of the Department of
Justice were notified that such an expedi
tion was reported to be forming and they
were directed to do everything in their
power to prevent its leaving the United
States.
The commanding officers of the nava!
vessels and revenue cutters on the Florida
coast were also notiriod to be on the look
out for the Three Friends or any other
vessel that might attempt to violate the
neutrality laws.
The administration authorities believe
that every possible effort was made to pre
vent the expedition getting away, but such
secrecy was observed that the Three
Friends was at sea with the expedition be
lore the officials knew of her departure.
Two naval vessels and a revenue cutter at
once started in pursuit, but iailed to over
take her.
Consnl JLr~. Jte(iirn*.
HAVANA, CtBA, Dec. 26.— General Fitz-
The British Ship Simla Went Adrift in the Gale That Sprang; Up Early Yesterday Morning. The Anchor Caught in the Postal
Telegraph Company's Cable and Brought Her Up With a Round Turn* When Captain Davidson Was Ordered to Move
His Vessel He Refused, and Then the Assistant Chief Wharfinger Sent Out the Tugboat Governor Irwin, Which Moved
the Ship to a Safe Anchorage in Spite of the Protests of the Crew*
HOW IT LOOKED YESTERDAY.
nugh Lee, Consul-General at Havana,
who has been absent tv.o months, arrived
here this morninjr. General Lee says that
he has returned to resume his duties. He
says he has received no special instruc
tions from his (lovernraen!, but will main
tain a close watch of affairs.
NO FAITH IN THE STORY.
rtaihingtnn Ofliclala Have Mot Received
Any Hints from Europe.
WASHINGTON, D C, Dec. 26.—Offi
cials here in confidential and intimate re
laiions with the President and Secretary
of State put no faith whatever in the story
published to-day in the London Times to
the effect that the United States bad re
ceived a friendly warning that Germany
would join with Spain if the United States
interfered in behnlf of the Cuban insur
gents.
The Times says: Should the United
States presume to exercise pressure on
Spain by recognizing the Cuban insurgents
or encouraging them in th?ir resistance,
it has been informed that Europe gener
ally might become uneasy at such an ex
tension of international action by the
| United State?, inasmuch as it might at
any moment threaten all the powers whose
possessions are in proximity to the United
States and might tempt the spirit of enter
prise and encroachment that is inspiring
the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions.
" 'If," continues the writer, 4 I am cor
rectly informed the United States has
been concurrently informed that Germany
is already quite prepared to side with
Spain in the event of the United States
showing that she is disposed officially to
side with the rebels.' "
The very fact that the Times dispatch
is stated to have originated in Paris casts
doubt on it, for officers here state that
news from Paris giving facts about Ger
many's policy is fully as unreliable as are
the stories of Cuban naval battles.
LONDON, BBS., Dec. 26— The Statist
this week publishes a comment on the
Spanish-American situation, in which it
says that tho Spanish Government and
AT ANCHOR IN THE FAIRWAY.
people, unless they are utterly blind to
their own welfare, will accept the recom
mendations anentCuba contained in Pres
ident Cleveland's message to the American
Congress. The paper ndds that in the
opinion of the Governments of Great
Britain, France and Germany, these rec
ommendations ought to be accepted.
Weyler Hangerl in I'fftfftf.
HOLLAND, Mich., Dec. 2C— An effigy
of Captain-General Weyler was swung
from' the front of the city hall some time
during last night. It is believed the fire
men did the hanging.
DEATH OF JOSEPH D. WEEKS.
Before He Became the Editor of the
American Manufacturer He Was a
M, raster and Missionary.
FITTSBURG, Pa., Dec. 26.— Joseph D.
Weekn, «he weL-known editor of the
American Manufacturer, died at 7:30
o'clock this evening. Late this afternoon
the major was stricken with apoplexy at
the corner of Ninth street and Liberty
avenue. He was on his way to his edito
rial apartments in the building at the
time of the stroke. Mr. Weeks has been
unusually engaged recently in connection
wi.ii his duties as cnairman of tbe State
Tax Commission and has teen rushing to
completion his report that it might be
ready for presentation at the Legislature
week after nexu
Mr. Weeks was born in Massachusetts
55 years a^o. For a lime he officiated as
minister and missionary of the Methodist
church in the South. He served through
the war as hospital minister <">f the sani
tary commission. Since the war Mr.
Weeks has been more or less intimately
associated with the iron and steei indus
try. He was Government Statistician
and had the superintendence of the Na
tional census of 18*0, and also that of 1890,
in reference to coke, glass, manganese,
petroleum and natural gas. He was one
ot the juiif>s of awards at the Columbian
Exposition, in the department of mines
and raining. Mr. Weeks visited Europe
at tbe instancs of Governor Hartranft to
investigate the workings of conciliation
and arbitration as a means of settling
labor disputes. In 1894 he was sent to
Europe by the United States Government
to investigate the process of coke-making
on the by-product system. Mr. Weeks
was eminently successful a* a business
man and was widely and favorably known.
Family. of fire found Head.
VERNDALE, Mum., Dec. 26.— The Sun
says that two young men living near Hew
itt were in Verndale and reported finding
yesterday the dead bodies of afamily^of
five in their own home, several miles
north of here. A party of hunters had
stopped at the house and were horrified
to discover the badly decomposed remains
of Charles Bectler and his wife and three
children. They immediately reported the
matter to Iriencis living near Hewitt,
where the family formerly lived, but were
unable to state whether it was a case of
foul play or nor. Mr. Ward, who moved
the family to their new home last spring,
has gone to the scene of the suspected
murder and will investigate.
DEN OF COUNTERFEITERS RAIDED.
Spurious Coin Circulated by the Whole
sale at Pueblo and Colorado Springs
by the Makers.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec 26.— At a late
hour last night the police of this city un
earthed one of the largest and most
thoroughly equipped counterfeiters' dens
ever discovered in this section of the
country.
Captain McFarron obtained Information
from an ignorant Italian of an alleged ex
tensive counterfeiting plot. The Italian,
whose name is withheld by the police,
stated that a gang ot counterfeiters were
operating in Pueblo and Colorado Springs
and had already disposed of immense
quantities oi spurious coin. Captain Mc-
Farran's informant stated that Hector
Chargilion, proprietor of a large second
hand store and the rncßt prominent Ital
ian in Pueblo, had offered him $10,000 in
gold coin for $2000 in good money.
Acting on, the information the police
visited 412 Mesa avenue, the house in
which the unlawful work was said to be
progressing. As the officers approached
the house two men ran out and opened
fire on the policemen, who returned shot
for shot without effect.
The two men escaped, but the police
man arrested Charles Marco and wife and
Zelius Selist, whom they found occupying
the house. On making a search of the
cellar a complete counterfeiting outfit was
revealed, together with evidence that the
work was being conducted on an exten
sive scale.
The officers then proceeded to Char
giiion'a store and arrested him. The ar
rest has created a sens&tion, as Char^ilion
has always borne a good reputation and but
a few weeks ago was elected president of
the Italian societies of America at their
convention held in Chicago.
Xot Related to Sarah, Althea*
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 26 —M. Jf. Cohen,
who was acquitted on a charge of embez
zlement in judge Neely's court Wednes
day, makes denial of several statements
concerning him wnich were brought out
during tbe trial. One of the statements
to which Mr. Cohen takes exception is
that he is related to Sarch Althea Hill of
Sharon divorce fame. Fnrthermore Mr.
Cohen says he is not on bid terms with
his father and mother, as has been as
serted.
Sutprcted of Train Jtobberif.
MARSHALL, Mo., Dec. 26.— A man was
arrested at Gillian, near here, yesterday,
on suspicion of being one of the gang who
robbed an express car on the Alton road
at Blue Cut Wednesday mghi. Tlie man
has pienty of money but refuses to state
how he secured it. lie yives the name of
Tom McDonald and claims to be from
New York.
Set on fire f>*/ Jrnmp*.
BUFLALO, N. V., Dec. 26.— The grand
stand at tne Buffalo Driving Park was
destroyed by nro this evening, Loss,
$25,000; no insurance. It is thoupht the
building was accidentally set on fire by
tramps who were sleeping in it. This is
the third fire on tho grounds since the
clo^e of the racing >eason.
Two Pri*o><rr< llurttrd to lienth.
MANSFIELD. Mo , Dec. 26.— The jail
at Hartville, a wooden structure, burned
to the ground last night and Len Lankins
ter (white) and Charier Harper (colored),
who were serving sentences for petty
offenses, were burned to death. The
origin of the fire is unknown.
fin me* let Jtage in the Mine*.
HALIFAX. N. S., Dec. 27.— Tne fire in
the Spring Hill coal mines is still raging
fiercely. The principal damage will be
confined to the coast slope, and it is hoped
lo have the tire under control soon.
CtjJ*^E FIVE CENTS.
IMPRISONED BY
A GAS EXPLOSION
Many Men in a Coal Mine
Placed in Fearful
Peril.
General Superintendent Mau!e
Among Those Who Could
Not Escape.
When the Disaster Occurred the
Miners Were Clearing Up Debris
of a Former Explosion.
PRINCETON, Ixd., Dec. 26.-A terrific
explosion occurred in the coal mine of
Maule ife Son, one mile from this city, at
2:30 o'clock this afternoon. One hundred
and fifty men were in the mine. The men,
after a lay off of a day on account of
Christmas, went down in the mine to clear
up the debris of a small explosion which
occurred last Saturday morning which,
however, did little damage.
Coal was discovered in the Maule mine
only a year ago an i the mine has been in
operation Ipss than nine months.
It is believed the mine was not suffi
ciently provided with circulating fans to
remove the foul air, and from this cause
the explosion probably occured.- The
number of killed and injuied is not yet
known. At 10:30 p. m. the rescuing party
had gotten two men out alive and the
groans of others could be heard.
Those known to have been in the mine
when the explosion occurred were: Robert
Maule, married, treasurer and general
superintendent of the Maule Coal Com
pany; James Turner, single; Robert
Ponylight, married; Day.d Long, mar
ried; A. Colegate, married; Will Cruze,
single; John Holmes, married; James
Rsat, married; Carl Ponylight, single, oj
Belleville, 111.; William D. Grills, mar
ried; Will Booker, married; Frank Tur
bit, married; Thomas Price, single.
When the disaster was made known the
mine officials sent word to every man in
their employ, and in a short time had
them at the shaft ready to descend, but
their efforts were balked by the great
ciouds of gas which greeted them. The
big fan was immediately put to work and
has been running for several hours, draw
ing the foul air and gas from under
ground.
The force of the explosion was terrible.
The mine officials are doing everything in
their power to reach the men. The State
Mine Inspector is expected to arrive to
morrow morning, and an investigation
will follow.
At 11:30 the rescuing party recovered
David Nolan and James Turner, who it is
believed will live. It is now thought that
Manager Maule will be brought out alive.
The work is beinj; pushed to the utmost,
and the men hope to bring others to the
top before morning.
2a. m. — Four men have been taken out
alive, among them Arthur Colegate and a
miner named Noble. Both are badly in
jured. Colgate live? in Evansville.
The body of Robert Maule was recovered
at midnight. He was dead when found.
One body was found literally torn to
pieces, the man' 3 legs, arms and head be
ing torn off. He cannot be identified.
The rescuers are stili at work*.
A liookleeeper'a Shortage.
OTTAWA, Ont., Dec. 2«.— David Rob
inson, bookkeeper of the Windsor House,
has disappeared and an examination of
thp hotel books show a shortage of nearly
$7000.
NEW TO-DAY.
COVERED
WITH
HUMOR
When I was thirteen years old I began to have
sore eyes and ears, and from my ears a humor ■
spread. I doctored with five different skilful '
octorr, but they did me no good. My disease
was Eczema. ' By this time it had gone all over
my head, lace, and body. Nobody thought I '
would live, and would not have but for Ccticcra .
Kexkdies. I used four boxes of Cuticlea,
five cakes of Cdticura Soap, and three bottles
of Cuticura Resolvent. My hair all came out
at that time, but now it is so thick I can hardly
comb it. I am sixteen years old, weigh 130
pounds, and am perfectly well.
Miss IREA2TGK2LNDEL, Clayton, IT. Y.
Spiidt Curb Triatmkst. — Warm b«th» with Co-
TirDHA Soap, centla application* of Ccticiira (oint-
ment), ivii'l mild doses of Cdticoia RESOLVKirr.gretteit
of humor cure*. _
Sold throashont the world. Price, CrnrrßA, Vie i
Soap. iv.: Kesoltp.xt. sue. and fl. Pottik Dkl«
' A»r> Cum. Cokp., Sole Prop... Bnntnn.
Wf " How to Cure Every Skin Humor," mailed fre*.
WHY
Bo bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Aro made of tho best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
| '
i SEND or a p* cture ° f our '
Factory, we will ; mail ono to you free
of charge. '•■? '■-'-
WE r EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEV. STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
■ : > california.2
READY TO SIGN
THE HEW TREATY
Minister Andrada Returns
From Venezuela With
Authority
Intimates That the Peop'e of
\ the Rpub ie Are Pleased
With the Outcome.
Concessions Male by England Through
the Un ted States Settle the
Lcundary Disputr.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— Senor
Jose Andrada, Venezuelan Minister to
•the United Ptates, and J. J. Storrow of
Boston, counsel for the Venezuelan Gov
ernment fur the boundary commission
•\w'ho went, to Caracas a month ago with
'.the protocol of the Venezuelan agreement
" for the settlement of the boundary dis
pute between England and Venezuela and
c 'to becure its ratification by President
Crespo and the Venezuelan Congress, re
: turned to this country to-day on the
steamer Caracas. They were met on their
arrival in Brooklyn by the Venezuelan
(Consul-General and an attache of the
legation at Washington. They left shortly
after their arr.va! for the capital.
While both Minister Andrada and
1 Counsel Storrow re:used to make a definite
■ statement it was gathered that the Minis
ter returns with the protocol approved by
President Crespo and that ho is ready to
necotiate its ratification with Great
Britain. As to the alieae.l disapproval by
-^Venezuela of the clause in the agreement
which fails to recognize the sovereignity
of the country by giving it diiect repre
sentation on the commission and tne
fifty-year occupation provision, it was ex
plained that these contentions did not
arise from the Government, but from a
few sensational and irresponsible news
papers, which were clearly ignorant of
the true meaning of the document.
When the agreement was fully under
stood by the people the most able men in
Venezuela publicly advocated it and ad
vised its unqualified approval. Then there
was a change of sentiment, and a wave of j
applause swept through the country. It
was the general sentiment that ta the
United States they had a friend at whose
hands they would lose nothing.
Minister Andrada seemed very happy
when he stepped from the steamer to-aay.
To a reporter of the United Associated
Presses he said: "I have written and tele
grapiied all I have to say, and it has been
published in America. I cannot say any
thing more on the question just now."
"It is said you come here empowered by
President Crespo to sien the treaty on be
half of Venezuela," *aid the reporter.
. "That is a matter I cannot with pro
priety discu-s," he replied. "Nor can 1
tell you whether or not the treaty is satis- |
factory to my country. These are diplo- I
matic matters, on which I cannot be in
terviewed."
"Do you anticipate any objection from
the Venezuelan Congress, when it meets
in February, to receive the treaty?"
"As to that I will answer that I do not,"
he replied smilingly.
Senor Andrada then handed the reporter
a clipping from a Caracas newspaper,
which, he said, represented the ideas and
views cf the people of hi 3 country. It
said: "In the matter of the boundary
agreement the unwarranted attacks upon
the Government are based on no solid ar
guments, and we are surprised to see such
rumors set afloat after everything con
cerning the boundary que tion has been,
settled satisfactorily. The United States
has been the friend and representative of
Venezuela. To put it exactly, Venezuela
through its frier.d, the United States, ne
gotiated the treaty. It is in all essential
parts the same treaty as Venezuela offered
to Great Britain forty years ago and which
Great Britain refused. Under the fifty
year clause the only territory which Great
Britain will have are the settlements be
tween the Essequibo and Pomaroon riv
ers. The fifty-year clause will exclude
Great Britain from the Orinoco country
and the Cuyuni River, which is the por
tion o.' the country Venezuela is espe
cially desirous of keeping."
Mr. Storrow was not inclined to discuss
the treaty. "The three papers," he sad,
"went off half-cocked and wrote articles
against the treaty. Public men, jurists
and diplomats wrote intelligent articles of
the agreement in the newspapers and af
ter a while the people understood it
clearly. It was commended generally be
fore we leit the country, two ex-Ministers
to" England being among its advocates.
The feeling in the country is very friendly
to the United States, and one hears kind
words for Americans on all sides. Presi
dent Crespo :s most cordial towards the
United States. He is a man of powerful
influence in his country and he is very
)ioi>ular. His influence would alone go a
great way toward securing the adoption j
of the agreement, he received a vory !
courteous letter from President Cleveland
which moved him greatly. He wrote a
reply in the same strain. As to the stories
of a possible revolution in the country,
they are simply nonsense. If any such
outbreak had been likely to occur I cer
tainly would not have left."
AFTER A PLACE.
Colonel Fred Grant Actively Boomed by
Hi* friend:
NEW YORK; N. V., Dec. 26— A petition
is being circulated among all sorts of Re- i
publicans in the interest of Colonel Fred
Grant for Secretary of War. ; The petition
■was started by the president of the Empire
Republican League, but it is being signed
by many Republican district leaders. ;■ The
letter, which will be sent to the President
elect, says among other things:
"Besides his personal" efforts, Colonel
Fred i). Grant rendered efficient services
in other ways. He furnished more than
lifty detectives from headquarters to purge
election rolls of fraudulent registration
and was especially instrumental in pre
venting the perpetration of election frauds
of any Kind. It 13 not too much, to say
that never before in tie history of New
York City was there held so pure and
lionest an election as the last one, and
this is due directly to the efforts and ia
teprity of Colonel Grant." '
PJatt and his friends favor the move
ment.
Km an and Hit tloofe.
CHICAGO, fiat, Dec. 26— William J.
Bryan passed through Cnicaco last even
ing on the way to his home at Lincoln,
>*ebr. He remained in the city but two
hours and llett t lor his home at 10 o'clock
over the Rock Island road. Bryan had
little to say. He stated in reply to an
inquiry that he expected his book to be
reaiiv for the public early in January, and
that after it was ready for the press he in
tended to go on a lecturing tour. Mean
time, he said, he intended to devote all
his lime to the completing of it.
•
KENTUCKY'S LYNCHING RECORD.
Six Men Put to Death in as Many Days.
A Negro Murderer the Latest
Victim of a Mob.
OWENSBORO, Ky., Dec. 26.— Alfred
Holt, colored, alias Alexander, the mur
derer of Police Officer W. A. White, was
taken from jail by a mob at 2:30 o'clock
this morning and hanged to a tree in the
courthouse yard. This is Kentucky's
t>ix;h lynching in as many days.
About 2:15 o'clock two men kicked at
the jail door and, in response to a question
from Deputy Jailer John Ashby Jr., who
demanded who had knocked, said they
had a prisoner they wiehed to lock up for
safe keeping. Thus thrown off his guard
young Athby opened the door, only to
face two big revolvers. He was over
powered before he could utter a cry and
the keys were taken from him. At a
signal from the two men thirty or f mrty
others poured into the jail from the dark
ness. Proceeding upstairs, several of the
mob held Jailer John Ashby SSr. a captive
while the others moved on to the cell
where Holt and the five others implicated
with him were asleep. They did not
arouse from their beds till the keys rattled
in the keyhole. Then they pleaded for
mere}'. The leader said Holt was the
guilty man, and he alone was wanted.
Pleading for his life Holt was taken
from the jail through the courthouse to
the east side, facing the Rudd House. He
was given ample time to pray, when a
rope was placed about his neck. In three
minutes Holt was strangled to death.
The mob was so quiet that not over ten
outsiders knew anything of the lynching.
Holt had only been brought here a few
days ago from Louisville, where he was
taken for safe keeping.
•
OTHER CRIMES IN KENTUCKY
Blood I /..!/■< tit Many Sections of the
Hue Grass State.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 28.—Ken
tucky's crime list this week is long and
bloody. In addition to the six lynchings
for the week, ihe past forty-eight hours
have been enlivened with the following
deeds of violence:
At Cyntniana Thursday night John
Howe, colored, aged 15, fatally wounded
Policeman Charles Tracey.
On the Big Elkhorn, near the Virginia
line, Tom Eielson stabbed Bud Stein to
death.
Charles Ewalt, a prominent white man,
killed Harry Foster, colored, at a dance in
Boone County last night.
A log-man named Svift was murdered
in a Christmas row at a logging-camp near
Pineville.
Alexander Small killed Joe Boyers at a
Christmas festival near Cynthiana.
At a frolic in Breathitt County four
men were cut, and one named Riley was
mortally wounded.
Toll-gate raiders celebrated Christmas
by chopping down the gate near Mortons
ville, in Woodford County. This is the
second lime this gate has been destroyed.
Bill Marrow amused himself by shooting
the candles off the Christmas tree at Kava
nagh chapel m Lawrence County, and
when George Pack remonstrated Marrow
shot him in th« abdoiaen and escaped on
horseback.
Jo« Robertson ejeoted John and George
Rexroat from a Christmas- tree Celebration
at Columbia, and they returned and shot
I him in the abdomen, inflicting probably
fatal wounds.
IMPLICATED IN A MURDER.
Indictment of a Chicago Alderman on a
Charge of Having Assisted in a Kill
ing Two Years Ago.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 26.— As a result of
information gained by Police Inspector
Shaack from two non-resident witnesses,
the Grand Jury to-day voted an indict
ment against Thomas J. O'Malley, Alder
man from the Twenty-third Ward, charg
ing complicity in the murder of Gus
Coiiiandc-r, a saloon-keeper and Twenty
third Ward politician, on election night,
Novemoer, 189-L Half a dozen members
of the notorious Market-street Rang have
been suspected by the police of this cold
blooded crime. John Bingham and John
Santry, of the gang, were also indicted on
the same cnarge. Colliander i.ad re
ceived the nomination for Northtown
Collector, and entered the polling-place
at 117 Oak street about midnight to watch
the count of votes. Soon after his arrival
a gang of the Market- street criminals
broke in tbe door and a bloody fi^ht fol
lowed. Colliander was shot through tbe
body and head, dying in a few hours.
Policeman .Michaels, who was stationed
at the rolling-place, was seriously wounded
by a bullet.
Assistant State Attorney Pearson, who
examined the new witnesses, said their
testimony made out a stronger case apains:
the Alderman than a-^aiust Santry or
Bingham. It is alleged tt.at the Witnesses
saw O'Malley with the other men before
the mnrder, and scuffling in the crowd
while the shooting was in progress. The
police have been working very secretly for
month? on new developments in the case
and the indictment of O'Malley caused
sensational surprise as much in police
circles as amone politicians at the City
Hall. He lias a plumbing establishment
in his ward, was serving his first term in
the Council and has always been regarded
as a good citizen.
REFUSES TO TAKE WOOD.
.For Seventeen Day* ■ a Prisoner Hat
1 anted in Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 26.— John Pyle,
confined in the Clay-street jail, had no
Christmas dinner yesterday. None was
offered him, for the reason that he has ab
solutely refused any kind of nourishment
for the last seventeen days. Neither will
Pyle speak to any one, and even his law
yer cannot get a word from him regarding
his case.
His action has worried the prison offi
cials, and doctors who have been sum
moned to examine him have failed to de
tect any signs of fever or other illness. It
w:^B generally supposed that he acted thus
from some form of insanity, but ten days
ago two doctors diagnosed his case thor
oughly and pronounced him sane.
Anotder comrnis>ion was appointed to
examine h'.m yesterday and reported that
the man was simulating insanity, while
being perfectly sane. The jail officials do
not want him to die in jail and are power
less to force lam to take nourishment.
flat Permitted to Enlist.
WESTON, W. Va., Dec. 26,-Earle, a son
of Vice-President Kunst of the West Vir
ginia and Pennsylvania Railroad, with
Roy Hale, Rolla Atchison and Hale Sher
rard, all under 20, ran off from home yes
terday to enlist in the Cuban army. They
were followed by the Kunst boy's father
with a special train and captured at mid
night at West Milford. After a five-mile
tramp young Atchison gave out and re
turned home.
The King of fills is Beecham's— Bkkcham's.
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
MEN OF VARIED
ENTERPRISE FAIL
Properties of Norton & Co.
to Pass Into the Hands
of a Receiver.
Gambling Speculations Cause
the Downfall 0: the Well-
Known Firm.
The Father of the Embarrassed
Brothers Gav2 to Lockport Its Com
mercial Start in Life.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 26— A commercial
failure of large proportions was recorded
this afternoon by the appointment of the
Chicago Title and Trust Company receiver
of the various properties of Norton & Co.
of Chicago, Lockport and Romeo, 111.,
and Niagara Falls, N. Y. The firm con
sists of John L. Norton, who lives in
Lockport, and Lemuel D., his brother,
whose borne is in Evanston.
The receivership proceedings before
Judge Hanecey were of the agreed kind,
Lemuel, the plaintiff, Alleging that the
affairs of the partnership were complicate 1,
the assets in danger of being dissipated,
and he petitioned for a dissolution and a
receivership to wind up the business. John
L. Norton assented and joined in the state
ment that tbe liabilities did not exceed the
assets two to one. The bulk of the firm's
business is located at Lockport and the
adjoining town of Romeo, near this city.
The father of the brothers was a pioneer
in that part of Illinois, and really gave
Lockport its commercial start in li:e by
founding the Lockport Milling Company,
nearly forty years ago.
It was this business to which the broth
ers succeeded at the death of their father.
The Nortons were the financial stay of the
city. The property owned there consists
of a flourmill with a capacity of 1000
barrels daiiy, machine-shops, elevator,
warehouse and an electric-light plant for
supplying light to the city, lliefirm has
also done a private banking business to a
large extent, and nearly half the people of
Lockport are directly affected by the fail
ure through deposits of money.
John L. Norton i 3 also president of the
Northern Milling Company, which oper
ates a large flourmill at the Madison
street bridge over the Chicaco River in
this city, altliouch the brothers do not
own a controlling interest in that property
now. The company owns a paoer-mill at
Niagara Falls and has a large interest in
the electric-power enterprise at the falls.
They own a large erocery-store at Romeo,
on the Illinois and Michigan canal. Tlie
main office of the company is in Chicago,
at 169 Jackson street.
John L. Norton when seen at his Lock
port home to-night by the United Associa
ted Presses' correspondent, declined to
make a statement of the assets and iiab'.l
ities of the firm. It is known that the
net earnings of the milling property have
been $75,000 a year in recent years. The
firm became financially involved through
board of trad« speculation some years ago,
one of the brothers speculating without
tne knowledge of the other an.t other seri
ous burdens coming U| on the firni in the
present hard times, it became impossible
to longer carry on the business.
Holders of the company's obligations
pressed for immediate payment since the
collapse of the National Bank of Illinois
and kindred concerns. Tne firm's credit
became exhausted and tbe receivership
became necessary to conserve the inter
ests of the estate. The brothers have
been in business over thirty years and
their integrity has never been questioned.
The collapse caused general surprise in
Lockport and the gloomy outlook it has
created is only dispelled by the long
standing faith in the firm, coupled with
the prevailing belief thut the assets will
greatly exceed the liabilities.
It is said that the company is a large
creditor of the National Bunk of IlHdoie,
and inability to meet the demands of de
positors i:i Norton & Co.'s Batik had much
to do with the receivership action.
Miller A. Barnham, representing the
receiver, went at once to Lockport and
took charge of the property to-night.
Noble B. Judah, counsel for John L.
Norton, said: "There is a fair show for
the creditors. Gambling losses caused
the trouble, and the firm could not go
through these hard times. All the avail
able assets are tied up in the firm, and it
is impossible to correctly estimate the
assets and liabilities. John Norton made
the original strawboard trust, and was a
millionaire once. His father had a pros
perous milling business in Lockport when
Chicago was a hamlet."
WEAPONS DISPLAYED IN COURT.
Even the Magistrate Took a Hand in
Relieving a Prisoner of His Fistoi
and Knife.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— The Yo/k
ville Police Court had a lively quarter
hour this afternoon. Samuel Dreyfus was
before Magistrate Wentworth on a charge
of assaulting Mrs. Caroline Marcus. While
the man stood before the rail in front of
the Magistrate's bench Mrs. Marcus was
facing Dreyfus. Dreyfus in a sudden rage
drew a pistol from his pocket and aimed it
directly at the woman. Roundsman
Grifhn was standing close beside Dreyfus.
He quickly clutched the revolver and
threw Dreyfus' hand upward and all the
other court officers rushed upon the pris
oner and overpowered him. Even the
Magistrate took a liana in the melee.
Dreyfus was standing against his desk
und the Magistrate reached across and
clutched Dreyfus by the throat and hung
on until Griffin had wrested the revolver
from his hand.
Mrs. Marcus screamed and bad hysterics
for ten minutes. When the officers
searched Dreyfus they found under his
shirt a dangerous Turkish knife.
A complaint was returned against him
for assault with attempt to kill, and he
was held under $2000 bail.
WOULD VIOLATE THE SABBATH.
Judge Prior Itefute* to Permit a Hebrew
Orgnnixation to Incorporate
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 26— Judge
Prior in the Supreme Court to-day denied
the application of the Agudath Hakehi
loth, a Hebrew organization of New York,
for a certificate of incorporation. In re
fusing the certificate Judge Prior says:
"In the certificate submitted to me I
observe that the annual meeting of the
proposed corporation is appointed to be
held on eacii and every second Sunday of
January of each and every year. It is not
a religious corporation, and its annual
meetings are for the performance of pre
c:se!y such secular business as is transact
ed by other civil corporations. The ques
tion is not whether such meetings are
illegal, but whether tney should be ap
proved. The act intended is an aggression
upon the Christian Sabbath, and the law
which scrupulously protects them in their
observance of their creed gives them no
license to affront the rengious suscepti
bilities of others."
PREFERS THE SENATE.
Allison Not a Candidate for a Cabinet
Portfolio, but He Will Support Hull
for Secretary of War.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26—Sena
tor Allison of lowa will not be Secretary
of Stale under the McKinley administra
tion, say bis lowa friends. On the con
trary, he will urge tne appointment of
Congressman Hull of lowa to be Secretary
of War, and his efforts Till be seconded
by the united front of the solidly Republi
can delegation of tbe Hawkeye State
Moreover, the late Secretaries ol War, Ei
kins of West Virginia and Proctor of Ver
mont, both now members of the United
States Senate and close to McKinley, will
support Hull. His position as chairman
of the House Committee on Military Af
fairs has enabled him to render valuable
services to the War Department, and all
of the line of army officers are favorable
to his selection. Furthermore, Hull
served in Congress with McKinley and is
well known to the President-elect. He is
a^o backed by the Repuolican Congres
sional Committee, wnich is a prominent
part of the National Committee since the
attainment of leadership by Mark Hanna.
Senator Allison, it is said, prefers his po
sition in the Senate. On the fourth day
of next March he will begin a six-year
term, which will eive him thirty years of
cominuous service in the Senate.
ALL FOR MONETARY REFORM.
Leaders Among tho Parties Interested in
the Indianapolis Convention.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., Dec. 26—Wil
liam H. Hanna, chairman of the executive
committee of the Monetary Reform Con
vention, returned yesterday from a tour of
the East, which he had made in the in
terest of the convention, to awaken busi
ness men to the importance of the occa
sion and to insist that the commercial or
ganizations send broad-minded and in
fluential men to the convention. He was
more than gratified with the feeling he
encountered in Boston, New York, Phila
delphia and Pittsburg, and in fact every
city that he visited.
"I find." said Mr. Hanna, "that the
movement ia no new thing. I was not
surprised, but I was extremely gratified
at the great interest shown by all of the.
most prominent men of the various
cities 1 visited. Those I talked to includ
ed men of all parties, engaged in prac
tically all lines of commerce and manu
facture, and I found practically no
difference of opinion among them in the
thought that the .business men of the
country should take hold of this subject
and go slowly but earnestly about ihe
work of devising and having adopted a
sound currency system.
"I now have no room to doubt that the
character of the convention will bo all
that we could desire aud such as will give
to its proceedings great weight in the
minds of tiie people. Most of the Terri
tory and all of the Chicago delegates have
been named, as have those ot a large
number ot smaller cities, and they are
among the best, known names in busi
ness circles in their respective cities. I
feel assured that we are to have a conven
tion of whose character and patriotic pur
pose we may well i>e proud."
Mark Jin mm sot 111.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 26.— The ru
mor that Mark Hanna is ill and will go
to Thomaaville, Ga., to recuperate, is un
true. Hanna usually spends some time
evoTy winter at Thoniasville, but has
made no plans thus far this winter to go
fcoulh. He will leave Cleveland for Chi
cago on January 10 to be present at the
banquet of the Hamilton Club on Janu
ary 11. He will return to Cleveland and
some time during the month will proba
bly make another trip to Washington.
He has no definite plans for going South.
Conteett in Kentucky.
RICHMOND, Ky., Dec. 26.— Through
A. T. Herd, secretary of the Republican
State campaign committee, the Republi
cans this afternoon riled notices of contest
on W. B. Smith, who received a certificate
of election as Democratic Presidential
elector. J. S. R. Wedding and H. S.
Howes, Republican Electors from the
Ninth and Fourth Districts, are named
us contestants. The notice charges fraud
in the First, Second, Third. Fourth,
Seventh, Ninth and Tenth Districts.
Saeretarif Olney Declines.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.—Secre
tary Olney has declined an invitation to
attend the sound money banquet at Chi
cago January 8, the diplomatic dinner at
4he White House January 7 requiring his
presence in this city at that time.
XcKintey'a Quiet Hay.
CANTON, Ohio, Dec. 26.— Major Me-
Kinlcy had no callers of importance to
day and none are expected until Monday,
when the members of Congress will begin
to return to Washington.
BOOSTON CARS ALL RUNNING
But Many Old hwpluyei Are Loting
Ilieir Po*ition».
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 26.— Cars were
running without interruption on all lines
of the West End Street Railway to-day.
Many of the cars were run by new men,
however. On some of the divisions all the
strikers were given to understand they
would have to be rebired in order to set
opportunity of taking out cars, while on
other divisions the old men were allowed
to take out their cars if .they presented
themselves at the carhousos on time. But
it was apparent that the company intends
to get rid of ttie men who were most ac
tive in the strike. Some were not allowed
to take out cars' at all, while those who
ran out on their regular trips early in the
day were replaced in many instances by
new men later. The new men were eiven
different badges than those worn by the
old men.
There is a good deal of bitter feeling
among the men against the leaders of the
union. Some of them feel that the coun
cil had bungled the whole matter so bad
that it amounted to a virtual betrayal of
the union into the hands of the company,
and upou some of the divisions tiie feeiinjr
was particularly bitter against President
Young, who has been at the head of the
council. One of the discharged leaders
said that the union was practically dead.
VICTIMS OF A MAD DOG
One More of the Lad* Bitten Succumb*
to the Habit:
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 26.— Conrad
Eppers, aged 15, one of the eight boys who
were bitten by a mad doc December 1 and
were treated at the Pasteur Institute, New
York, died of hydrophobia at midnight at
his home in Wood bury. Eppero returned
from New York a week ago last Wednes
day, and it was thought he was cured, as
his wounds, which were on the baclc of
his neck, had healed nicely. Several days
ago he became nervous and despondent
and unmistakable symptoms of rabies be
came apparent. His physicians were with
him almost constantly to the last, but
could do nothing to alienate his suffer
ings. Eppers was tne second victim of
the mad dog which ran amuck tnroueb
the Northern Annex on December 1 and
bit eight schoolboyi. Another of them is
believed to have the dread disease. The
condition of the other five youngsters is
reported to be favorable for a complete
cure from the effects of their wounds.
WESTON IS A VERY
GAME PEDESTRIAN
Starts in the Ice Palace
to Make a New
Record.
But Age Tells and He Fails to
Cover the Distance An
ticipated.
After Recovering From Weakness He
Walks Again and Covers 103
Miles in 24 Hours-
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26— Edward
Payson We-ton, the famous old-time
pedestrian who started last night in the
Ice Palace to show the athletic world that
he could go 112 miles, or very near it,
within twenty-lour hours despite his 58
years, failed to reach the standard. Ho
stopped at 9:56:30 o'clock this evening
with 103 miles and two laps to his credit, a
performance that is really remarkaDle
when his ace is considered. Few men of
half his years would done as well.
The veteran was going like a well-regu
lated machine at s o'clock, being five miles
ahead of his schedule, with every prospect
of covering a greater distance by several
miles than ho had set out to tramp.
Within fifteen minutes, however, his
wonderful strength faltered, a dizziness
overpowered him, and he was assisted
from the track as weak as a baby. Ready
hands worked over him, and soon the
wonderful man was up a?ain and asking
what it was all about. He resumed his
tramp, but at a much slower pace, and he
failed to accomplish tne task he set out
ior himself.
DECLARED THE FIGHT A DRAW.
Zeigler and McPartland Box Twenty
Rounds for the Entertainment of
New Yorkers.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— Four
thousand sporting men saw Owen Zeigler
of Philadelphia and Kid McPaitland of
thi3 city, light-weights, right twenty
rounds to a draw at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night. Zeigler did most of
the work throughout the battle, but his
swings were as a rule wide of the mark,
whereas his opponent showed plenty of
cleverness and impressed the spectators
by making a draw. Before the men en
tered the rlnc the betting was 5 to 3in
favor of the Phiiadelphian.
The first bout was slated for ten rounds
at catchweiguts between Billy Stift of Chi
cago and Frank Purcell of California. It
was a cyclone contest throughout and the
referee decided the bout a draw.
There was not a vacant seat in the house
when the stars, Zeigler and McPartland,
came on to box twenty rounds at 133
pounds. The seconds for Zeigler were H.
Kenny, Doc Williams and Frank Hart,
while McPartland's handlers were Tommy
West, Doc Dougherty and Bob Clark.
They shook hands at 10:15 o'clock.
Round I— Zeizler led with a left. Own rut
a right ou the left and the Kid sent his right
to the body. Zeigler avoided a hard right ana
then put left and rignt on the neck. McPart
land kept away aud did no leading.
Round 2— McPartlHud opened with a couple
of lefts on tbe neck aud then ducked away
from r hard swing. Zeipler then rushed, but
his opponent clinched. Zci£rer sent a right to
the n^ek and also put the i-aiue hand ftard on
the ear. McPartland used his left straight on
the nose, but was slow in comparison to the
Philadelphia man, who sent his right repeat
edly to the head and bedy.
Round 3— McPartland drove a hard left to
the south. They exchanged short-arm body
punches and clinched. MuPartlnnd punched
ihe Quaker tquarely in the eye. Zeigler
rushed and sent in both hands to the head.
McPartland clinched near the ropes.
Round 4— MoPartland led with a left on the
head. Z^igler rushes his man to the ropes.
Zeigler ran into a straight left and got a right
on the ear, at thi? same time driving in a herd
rib-roaster which brought a clinch.
Round s— Zeigler put a heavy right on the
neck and received a croas-countfr on the
mouth. He rushed again, and McPartland
ducked. The Kid put a straight leu on the
nose, and Zeigler rushed for the third time,
MePartland clinching.
Sixth round— McPart.land jabbed his left on
the eye and drew first blood. Zeigler re
sponded with & hard rush. McPartland coun
tered on the mouth.
Round 7— McPartland rushed and jammed
left aud righi into the face. Zeigler put a
jolt on the chin. So far the fight had been
even, although Zeigler had done the bulk of
the work.
Round B— Zeigler put a right on the neck
and they exchanged swings both landing.
McPartland then led for me neck, Zeigler
stopping the blow aud rushing the Kid to the
ropes in a clinch.
Round 9— Zeigler's right found the body.
They exchangeu swings at long range, Zeigier
getting home a left squarely on the ear. Owen
finally got In a left uppercuton the mouth.
Round 10 — Mel'ariland began with the left
on the mouth. Zeitiler quickly retorted with
his right on the neck. McPartland jabbed the
nose with his left. Owen seat a right to the
ear and also met Mac's onslaught with a leit
on the throat.
Round 11— Zeigler led with a left on the
body and received a ripping right on the jaw.
Zeigler put a left on the neck und the Kid re
sponded with iv couple of jaos on the mouth.
Owen sent a corking left to the body and Mc-
Parilaud drove a sharp one to the mouth.
They exchanged straight punches and a rush
by Zsigier was neatly stopped.
Round 12— Zeigler ran in hotly and was
crossed with a right. McPartland put in lefts
to the mouth.
Round 13— Mac began with two lefts in the
mouth, while Zeigler rushed with a left on
the body and a rignl on the nect. Owen put a
hard left on the eye. Mac hit him on the jaw,
Zeigler clinching."
Round 14— Mac shot his left to the mouth
and Zeigler sent a corking right on the jaw.
Both landed har 1 swings on the neck, and
Zeigler in a rush caught his man oa the jaw
with a straight jolt that sent Mac to the ropes.
Zeigler rushed in agaiu and Mac found his
jaw with a swing that staggered him. They
exchanged blows as the bell rang.
Round 15— Zeigler put a left on the eye.
They exchanged hard punclies on the head
andZ-eigler sent in a riebt on the jaw. Mrc
stopped a rush with a hard right on Zeigler's
swollen mouth. Zeigler continued his rush
ing tactics.
Round 16— Both landed lefts on the neck,
and Zeigler sent his right across ou the ear.
Mac began to force matters and worked his
left well on the mouth.
Round 17— McPartiand put the leit and
right on the face. Owen came back with a left
on the mouth. Zeigler finally put in a left on
the nose, but Mac jabbed him half a dozen
times on th« face before the time was up.
Round 18— McPartland opened with two
clean lefts on the mouth and then mixed it
up, getting tn a couple of rib-roasiers. Zeigler
rushed in with a wild drive for the head and
And pains of rheumatism are dun to lactic
acid in tbe blood. Hood 'a Sarsaparilla
neutralizes acid, ourines tbe blood, cures
rheumatism.
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact tbe One True Blood Purifier.
Mnnri'c Pillo are the only pills to take
nOUU 0 I MS with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
was straightened up with a punch on the
Round 19— Zeigler rushed and a rally at in
fiehting followed. Zeigler rushed again, but
Mac kept away. Finally Owen got in a right
uppercut on the wind.
Kound 20— ZeiK!erinixed it up at once, and
the Kid put enough steam into his swings to
stagger the Quaker. A heavy left made Zeig
ler's note bleed ana anoiner one caused MM
to flounder a bit. Both were tired when the
bell euded the battle. The releree, Dick
Roche, declared the rigtit a draw.
Facing at -> etc Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 20.— Seven fur
longs, Maggie S won, Renaud second, Loyai
Prince third. Time, I :29}^.
Six furlongs, Marie C won, Elkiu second,
Jack Hayes third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, Rossmsr won, Overella second, F
M B third. Time, 1 :43V 2 .
Six furlongs, Lone l'rincess won, P. Dunne
second, Koenigen third. Time, 1 :13 1^.
Six furlongs, Lorrana won, Little Buck sec
ond, Rossy third. Time, 1:16.
Six furlong?, Dorothy 11 1 won, Solmquette
second, Ida Waguer third. Time, 1O8&
Football at Santa Crttz
SANTA CKUZ, Cal., Dec. 26.— The
Santa Cruz High School iootball tram will
play the Stanford Freshmen at Vue de
l'Eau Park on New Year's day. The local
team will be under the direction of Captain
Woods and Manager Schwartz. Captain
Woods and Manager Switzer will have
charge of the Stanford eleven. Last year
tLe Stanford* 'defeated the Santa Cruz
boys in their first game by a score of 4 to 0.
FOR THE CRUINEN INDORLYS
Preparations Xearly Completed for the
Mirer Service Presentation.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Dec. 20.— Prepara
tions are about completed for the presen
tation of the silver service set by this city
to the new cruiser Brooklyn. The exer
cises of presentation will take place at the
navy-yard. Ex-Mayor Schieren will call
the assemblage to order and preside, and
Mayor Wurster will make the formal
speech of presentation. The presentation
committee consists of William Berri, ex-
Mayor Charles A. Schieren, Henry W.
Maxwell, Willis L. Ogden, Don C. Seitz,
Colonel George A. Price and Marshall T.
Davidson. The committee has raised
$10,287 for the gift to the Brooklyn. The
gift will be a solid dinner service weigh
ing 2360 ounces. The ornamentation on
the larger pieces will be an engraving of
the cruiser.
The Brooklyn was launched October 2,
1595, from Cramp's shipyard, her contract
cost being $2,986,000. The Brooklyn is 400
feet 6 inches long, 61 feet 8 inches broad
aul draws 24 feet. She has twin screws
moved by Jour vertical triple expansion
engines, two coupled on each shaft, of
which the forward pair may be readily un
coupled for economical cruising. Her coal
capacity is 1753 tons, arranged so as to
help protect her vitals. This will enable
her to run across the ocean and back. She
will have £66 officers and men in all.
Mangled by tin t xplosion.
UNIONVILLE, Mo., Dec. 26.— At a saw
mill on the Cnariton River, in the east
end of this county, the boiler exploded
yesterday, killing Lon Currant and seri
ously scalding his son and a man named
Coorjer. Currant was struck by frag
ments of the boiler and his body thrown a
distance of 100 yards. His head was
blown off and the body terribly mangled.
NEW VO-DAY.
IHuTfTLECTiiii
Marvelous Effects of Electricity
on Disease When Ussd ia
Conjunction With Medi-
cine.
Dr. W. Kingston Vance, tbe great Lon-
don Electrical and Medical Specialist, a
physician of learning and skill abreast of
the times, with his large, new galvanic,
faradic and static batteries, mild life-
giving currents of electricity, are used to
carry medicines directly to the diseased
parta of the human body. Through this
new and wonderful method of treatment
disease yields at once, health returns and
the sufferer's life changes from gloom and
despondency to joy ana gladness.
Read what Mrs.Josie Niehlson of 1019
Guerrero street, San Francisco, has to say:
TESTIMONIAL,.
I, Mrs. Josic Niehlson, residing now at 1019
Guerrero street, San Francisco, desire to les-
tity to-the excellent results that I have experi-
enced under treatment at the State Electro-
Medical Institute, corner Market, Powell and
Eddy streets.
Since last Christmas I have been quite an
invalid from trouble in my chest, with cough,
difficulty in breathing and general nerve de-
bility. On Monday, November 30, 1896, I ap-
plied for advice at tne Institute. I had been
treated Dy three we.l-known medical men of
this city without any relief. Dr. W. K. Vance,
at the State Electro-Medical Institute, made a
careful examination of my case and pro-
nounced it one of Bronchial Asthma. He
pluced me under a course of electrical treat-
ment with medicines combined, and I at once
began to pick up, and am now wonderfully
Improved in health and spirils. As this is the
lirst und only relief that 1 nave obtained from
my distressing complaint, I desire to (five the
State Electro-Medical Institute a public testi-
monial. I will gladly and willingly reply to
any questions, either personal. v or by letter,
that mny be addressed to me hero.
(Signed) MRS. JOSIE NIEHLSON,
1019 Guerrero street, San Francisco.
The Institute treats and cures Diseases
of the Hpart, Brain and Nerves; Blood
Diseases, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Kidney
Diseases, Throat Diseases, Stomach .Dis-
eases, Diseases of the- L ver, Bowel Dis-
eases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Diseases
of Men, Diseases of Women and all Cura-
ble Diseases.
$5 RITE FOR ALL DISEASES.
WRITE— If you live out of town and
cannot visit the Institute thi3 need not
deprive you of the benefits of the wonder-
ful Institute treatment. Patients can be
cured at home just as well as when per-
sonally treated at the Institute. It is
only necessary to write for a symptom
blank, from which, when filled out and
returned, Dr. Vance is able to accurately
diagnose, correctly prescribe for and per-
manently cure any case.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL lIBTITDTE,
3 EDDY STREET.
San Francisco, Cal.
Ely's Crn BaliHp£l3i
Cleanses the Nasal ■fi^c&'SVy '^Mr ,' N 1
Passages. Allays Pain Wumrvc^ (ft!? rT°J
i and Inflammation, fcJ* WLV Eg Sp2j*M
Restores the .Senses of */<j^'^Q
Taste and Smell. y
Heals the Sores. BHr^-^^M
APPIy Bain Into each nostril BBafc-^vT^<^BH
EXTBItOB.B»Wawn tt..N.Y gV^^ l^
DR.MQNULTY.
T'HTS WELL-KNOWN AND ItKLtABLE Or.D
Specialist cure* Private,Nervous,Bloodaii<l skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
CO years' experience, . Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. - Hours, 9 to 3 .
daily ;6:3o to B.3o ev Vs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
t . tlonfree and sacredly conildential.  Call or address
>W-" r "■>-. P.BOSCOE JIC3HJI.TY, M. I>., '■■>:■.
26'< Kearny .Stro«-t, San Fr»n«-ii««-w. Cnl.
nn 111 1 o UPU PC roB w BARBER * Bis.
KnlllSHtNr" bootblacks, bato-
VII lib houses. billiard - tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, cannery
dyers, . flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, ! printers, - painters, shoe factories, staul*-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
«, '__ . BUCHANAN BKOS.,
*"M Manufacturer». 6Ot» SacrainontoSU
■g /.-."PATENTS!. 3.
PATENTS! 3
220MARKET*S?s!fSS£S/
xew TO-DAY?
EAGLESON&co/s
LARGE STOCK OF
The Latest
Holiday Goods
AT POPULAR TRUES.
Neckwear,
Handkerchiefs,
Night Robes,
Mufflers,
Suspenders,
Dress Shirts,
Fancy Shirts,
Negligee Shirts, :
Underwear,
Gloves, Etc. -I
*f
748 and 750 Market Street.
242 Montgomery Street.
Los Angeles and Sacramento.
y-
tA 40-DAY
Discount Sale
vat-
JOE POHEIM, the Tailor.
t Fine Cheviot Suits, in Sale
JOE POIIeE the Tailor.
Fine Cheviot Suits, in all sharps,
made to order from 13 50
Clay's Weave Worsted Suit*.
$17 50
Fine French I'ique Suits, from
.201-203 Montgomery St.
724. 844, 846 Market *».
1110 and Ilia Market St.
San Francisco. Cal.
JOE POHEIM,
The Large-it Tailoring I- stablishment
on the Pacific Coast.
Wish
Their
Hosts of Friends
The Compliments of
The Season.
Come and See the
Many New and
Suitable Things for
NEW YEAR'S and
RETURN PBESENTS.
Men Made Over!
Men Made Over!
(•) Any man suffering from the effects of (*)
jgj follies and excesses restored to perfect (8)
|g health, manhood, and vieor. >"i^l;t losses, (•)
JS( drains and emissions cease at once. The SI
W Errors of Tout Premature Decline. Lost ><
W Manhood, and all / Diseases and Weak- »
(8) nesses of * Man, from whatever cause, §<
(5) permanently and privately cured. ®
(•) SMALL, WEAK PARTS ENLARGED ®
(S) AND DEVELOPED. ®
| . *FREE-e^.: I
(5) Our regular $3.00 package Paris .Vital ®
(gj Sparkn, a full month's treatment, 100 (•)
«5 'loses, gent Free ■■ for a /ere clays only. (S)
S Mailed closely sealed. Cut this out. It S
W only, appears ■ mire. Write noir, to-dcru. X
® THE DR. ARCHAMBAULX CO.,Deyt, S2 >^
INo C. Q. ; D. or Prescription Fraud. I
®{?>S<3)®<3®®®®<s^^
ELECTRIC BEIrTS
' .\\*itliiL Vil* i re 00^ things if prop.
'-^ >^W*ftw~ii&ii **' erly nia( 1 ! but th»r» ii
no sense l paying atii?ti
iK6p»2fe^S^-^^A pr - ce lor " J)oor aritcl*
W(z-Ly' \ -'■"' l - '^HiSl 811 lJ P li ' because Roma al-
WS?[?>^iß&3r?f?TP verllsin 8 "quack" a*
(J^Uml^i3«ST i n. ! inundi 1;.. x.ny no Bel; j
]<kow vSK-^?jyy" ll " yOU see l.r. Pierce 1 *
"/fr afiKr^rr tar Boon Free. Call of
*' ■^JGfV Bdfiress Oli. FIII..CK
t*A& * SuN, 704 *acraniea;«
BU, cor. Kearuy, a. V.
Branch Office g;o Marlcei si, a.' F. ■
F fr twi'l } y jt^k fesi fcVA
i^^B These tiny Capsules are superior
|Y^ to Balsam of Copaiba, f*\
• f^l ' CubebsorlhiectlonsandliHlJf
[£J '];-:' CURE IN 48 HOURSVIV
IVJ the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience.
[ ' ' ' . '' ' Sold by all druggists.IN THE REALM
OF JOHN BULL
Boxing Day Observed by
the Britishers With
Great Eclat.
Working People Receive the
Usual Christmas Tips and
Free L quor.
Financial Relations Between Ireland
and England to Bj Reviewed
in Parliament.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 26.— Time-honored
Boxinu day— so called from the lact that
from time immemorial it has been de
voted to the giving of "Christmas boxes,"
or "tips"— is beinn observed to-day with
the usual eclat. The letter-carriers of the
metropolis and the provincial cities re
turned from their morning trips loaded
down with presents and with their linan
cfal-resources increased in proportion to
fK>e wealth of the district embraced in
their rounds; and the baker-boys, grocers'
u«MMants, milk-carriers, newspaper deliv
erers and servants of all decrees and sta
ii. mis received, their Ciiristmas gratuities
with becoming thankfulness.
The sideboards of the public houses or
saloons were adorned with the usual round
of corned beef and platters of red pickled
cabbage — the Boxing day fare of the aie
drinker for centuries— and patrons toastrd
ihe landlords in foaming tankards, sup
pl;ed without money and without price.
The day being bank holiday there was a
pcneml suspension of businoss and the
streets of the city were thronged with
merr}- holiday - keepers. To-night the
opening of the Christmas pantomimes will
attract a multitude to the various theaters. |
-The shows are fully as elaborate and in ;
some cases more so than of yore; Lut the I
■old fables have not yet given w'.iy to new
fangled ideas, and just as was the ca?e two ;
--or, three decades ago, -'Puss in Boots," j
.^Aladdin," "Bluebeard," and "Cm- '
&e;.rella" furnish the groundwork of the
vpeeuiiarly English pantomime entertain- j
.■;ment.
V; : .;: Reference was made in this cable corre- |
: -.sviolidence last week to the fact that John !
ylMHon would move an amendment io the
Jacklress in reply to the Queen's speech at
.Ihe opening of the coming session of Par
liament regarding the question of the
financial relations between Great Britain
and Ireland, it was then stated, on high
( liicial authority, that nothing would be
attemped by the Government to remedy
th«t most substantial of Irish grievances
until the Irish local government bill was
introduced.
Official opinion in this respect still re
mains tne same, but official opinion is not
always final, and, though the Cabinet
councils have completed their legis'ative
programme for the session, excluding any
important Irish measure, there are abun
dant indications that, despite the Govern
ment's arranpe.men'.s, Ire and will again
take uu tue larger portion of .Parliament's
attention.
The coalition of Unionists, landlords,
anu-l'arnoliues and Parnelhtes against
the Government delaying to deal with ttie
report of the financial commission nas
most undoubtedly surprised the Govern
ment, forewarned, as it was, of the land
lords' Qiscontent over the land act, and
their desire for lessened taxation from
•ome source. The landlords now --cc in
the finding of the financial commission
a firm basis for an immediate revision of
laxat.on, and are going to sees to obtain
it. There is the keenest contest among all
?ections to bring the question before Par
liament.
Besides Dillon, John Redmond will
move an amendment 10 the address, ask
ing the earnest redress of the dispropor
tion contributed by Ireland to the impe
rial exchequer. A similar amendment
will lie- moved in the House of Lords irom
ti»e Union side. Great interest is mani
fested in parliamentary circles as to how
the Government will meet thie demand,
backed as it will be by Nationalists and
I'nioni-ts combined.
A representative of the United Asso
ciated Tresses learned from a mini-tenal
source that Kight Hon. Joseph Balfour,
(iovernnient leader in the House of Com
mons and Fir?t Lonl of the Treasury, and
the Eight Hup. Sir Michael Hides-Beach,
Chancellor of the Exchequer, are desirous
of retrying; the coin iusions ot the finan
cial commission ami will ask the House
to appoint a special committee to take
further evidence.
Both Balfour and Sir Michael Ilicks-
Beacb rely upon proving the correctness
yf the retiort oi Sir David Barbour, which
questioned the conclusions of the majority
:if the commission. They seem also 10 in
tend impugning the evidence of financial
PXpertS iike Sir Robert Hamilton, Sir
Robert Giffen and Kir Alfred Milner.
Enpli.-h Tory organs say that there was
no ju?t representation ot Unionists on the
commission, and thitr therefore ttie report
,of the majority was biaseii. There were,
however, three noted Unionists on the
commission, and among those who signed
Ihe supplementary report were Lord
VVelby and Mr. Currie, who practically
confirmed the commission's h'ndmgs.
The rains that threatened to make
Christmas day a dreary festival so iar as
out-door enjoyment went, passed away
yester lay morning and the day was fine
and mild. Everybody appeared to be
thankful for the change in the weather,
particularly the theatrical and music hall
managers, for they were certain of good
Christmas crowd" at their places of amuse
ment. Nearly everybody who had a
chance to leave the c.t.y did so, going to
various country seats, where they formed
part ot the family parties gathered to cel
ebrate the yule tide.
Most of the leading men in political
life put all thought of affairs of state be
hind them and hied them away, either to
their own country rasidences or to houses
where they had been invited to spend
Christmas.
Prime Minister Salisbury spent the day
at Hatti -lv House, his home in Hertford
shire, where there was only a small fam
ily party, owing to the fact that the Mar-
Bhtoaesa of Salisbury is still ailing. Lord
-: t .i«l'riry and his wife will start for the
Kiviera on January 7, where his lordship
will remain until the opening of Parlia
ment.
The Duke of Devonshire, president of
the Council, entertained a number of
auests at Chatwortu House in Derby
shire.
The Right Hon. A. J. Balfour, lirst
Lord of the Treasury anfl Government
leader in the House ot Commons, is spend
ing a few days at Wittenhani, Scotland,
iiid the Rign't Hon. Joseph Chamberlain,
81 ( retary of State for the Colonies, was at
his home, Higbury, Moore Green.Birmipg
h:mi.
During the Christmas holidays the
sJnnce5 J nnce and Princess of Wales are enter
taining at Sandringham only the Duke
in 1 Duchess of Fife (Princess Louise of
WaJes) and otheis immediately within
the fentify circle. The Princess of Wales
wan at Marl borough House, her London
residence, until Monday last. She was
actively tngaeed m shopping in company
with her daughter. Princess Victoria, and
Princess Charles of Denmark. Most of
their purchases were Christmas presents,
of which they bought a very large quan
tity.
The Queen has received her usual
Christmas present of a boar's head from
her grandson, the German Emperor. His
Majesty also sent two immense boxes of
cakes and confections.
The Duke ot Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
(the Duke of Edinburgh) has pent to his
mother a number of cases of wine and
sweetmeats. The Queen, although now
practically a total abstainer from intoxi
cating drinks, takes a glass of a kind of
rare Tokay wine on special occasion*, such
as Christmas, r.inces,- Beatrice (Princess
Henry o; Battenbers) is passing the holi
days "with the Queen, her mother, at
Windsor Castle, as are also the Duke and
Ductless ot Connaught, the Marquis and
.Marchioness ot Lome ami the Duc.iess of
Albany.
STONE ADDRESSES A MOB.
The Eloquence of Missouri's Governor Saves
the Life of a Ntgro Accused of a
Fiendish Cr,me.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Dec. 2G.—Gov
ernor Stone addressed a mob of about GOO
people at the jail about 8 o'clock this
evening. The crowd gathered there for
the purpose ot lynching To be Lanahan,
the man who murdered Nellie Games.
The Governor spoke to the mob for about
fifteen minutes, urging them not to be
too hasty in their action, as the evidence
against the man is only circumstantial
and it may be that he is not the man.
After the had concluded his
speech the crowd began to disperse, but
there are still auite a number of men
there. Genera! Wii'kham is at the jail in
charge ot fifty deputized citizens and will
keep guard over ttie prisoner all night
The prisoner \v:is later taken to the Sta c
prison for safe keeping.
TO REGUE ALL RENORM
An Interesting ft Ul Mny Va»» the llli-
iwii« T,rrji*lature.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Dec. 2fi.— Barbers
throughout the country will watch with
interest the progress and final disposition
of ihe bill to be introduced immediately
upon ttie opening of the State Legislature
next month, the aim of which is to place
the supervision of the entire tonsorial
trade ol the State under control of a State
Board of Tonsorialists.
The measure is one of the most far-reach
ing in the line of "paternal povernroent"
that has pver been sought to be grafted
into the legislation of this or any other
country. It requires all "lonsorial artists"
and barbers to pass an examination of
competency before the State board, to
prove a good moral character and to dem
onstrate a satisfactory knowledge of con
tagious blood and skin diseases. Certifi
cates are to be issued by the board, and
any one not holding such a certificate is
not to be allowed to ply his trade.
Save those already in the business, ail
applicants for certificates must have two
years' experience. An apprentice system
is to be established, requiring three years'
practical experience with a registered ton
sorialist prior to examination and gradua
tion before the State board. The appoint
ment of the latter body is vested in the
Governor.
Eaeb barber-shop is to display in a con
spicuous n!ace the certificates of its pro
prietor and assistant*. Fcr failure to use
clean and newly laundered towels, clean
cups and brushes, clean combs and hair
brushes there is a penalty of $50, and a
sinii'ar penalty is laid down for ihe use of
rnsty razors, scissors or clippers or razors
with nicks.
Still another fection provides a penalty
of $.r)0. r )0 for the use of a towel a second time
without baing thoroughly laundered in
the meantime. A maximum rine of $50 is
also imposed for the shaving of a cus
tomer wao may be afflicted with any con
tagious disease.
Should the bill pass the five fortunate
members of the board and its officers will
be in a position to abandon their pro
fession, as the officers are allowed a salary
of $1200 per annum and the members a
per diem of $o. The act is to take effect
immediately upon its being signed and
an effort w'll bo made to rush it through
both branches of the Legislature.
Army Ufliee An*ig»ment».
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— Upon
the recommendation of the Board of Ord
nance ana Fortifications, the Secretary of
War details Lieutenant-Colonel John I.
Rodsers, Second Artillery, as an additional
member of the board on the regulation of
the seacoast artillery fire.
Captain George L. Scott, Sixth Cavalry,
1 is ordered after relieving First Lieutenant
William A. Mercer, Eighth Infantry, from
i the duties of acting Indian A-ent at the
J La Pointe agency, Ashland, Wis., to pro
; ceed to his former station, Fort Yellow
stone, Wvo., for the purpose of turning
over the Government properly and funds
i for which tie is ai:couniab:e.
First Lieutenant J;imes L. Wilson,
I Fourth Artillery, is ordered by the Secre
j tary of War to take charge of" the repairs
' and construction of ptlbiiu buildings at
I Fort Delaware. Del., aril Finns Point, N. J.
A Ruit if bcliut/lrr Colfax.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.-El
ward Clark, the architect of the capital,
has a recent letter from Miss Frances H.
Goodwin of Chicago, the sculptress, who
is preparing a bust of Schuyler Colfax for
the galaxy of vice-presidents in the Sen
ate, informing him of the progress she is
making. She states that Mrs. Colfax, the
widow, was recently in the studio and ex
pressed her approval of the cast she had
made. She hopes soon to have some pno
toeraphs of it. Clark is retaining in his
office the marble busts of John C. Cal
houn, John C. Breckinriiiire and William
R King, all formerly Vice-Presidents,
wh'ch will be placid in the Senate niches
as soon as that of Mr.-Collax arrives.
I'unrrnl of Captain I.tinon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— The
funeral of the late Captain George E.
Lemon took place this afternoon from
New YorK-avenue Presbyterian Church.
Rev. Wallace Radciiffe, pastor of the
church, officiated. John A. Rawlins
Post, G. A. EL, and members of the Loyal
Leeion, with botii of which Captain
Lemon was connected, attended the serv
ices and accompanied the remains to the
tomb of the late General John A. Logan,
in Rock Creek Cemetery, where the body
was temr'orarily deposited. By permis
sion of General Stanley, governor of the
Soldiers' Home, the corteee passed
through the National Soldiers' Home and
the old veterans paid their tribute to a
former comrade.
Kotea on Aarat I'rogmn.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— The
office of Naval Intelligence, which has
heretofore issued its notes on naval prog
ress as an annual report, to-day issued a
smnll volume, copiously illustrated, as
part I of next year's publication, the Sec
retary of the Navy having directed that
the information obtained from abroad
shall be issued in parts whenever sufficient
data are collected to warrant publication.
In this way an attempt will be made to
place the information before the service at
the earliest possible date. The part which
appeared to-day is devoted to the latest
vessels completed, tried, launched or de
signed by loreign powers, and the most
recent developments in armor and ord
nance practice.
Authority for a Aeto Hank.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.—Au
thority has been given by the Comptroller
of the Currency for the organization of the
First National Bank of Pauls Valley, lnd.
T., with a capital of $50,0,0.
TTIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
HARD TIMES IN
THE FATHERLAND
Shopkeepers and Workman
Had a Dull Christmas
in Germany.
But the Imperial Family Had a
Gay Time and the Poor Were
Not Forgotten.
From Russia Comes a S'ory That an
Effort Is Being Made to Excom
municate Tolstri.
BERLIN, Germany, Dec. 26.— The
Christmas holidays this year have been
very much duller than for many years
past. The tradesmen have been greatly
dissatisfied at the lack oi holiday business
in comparison with other years, and the
workingmen have been discontented at
the slack in work and consequent scarcity
of money with which to provide their
families with the bare necessities of life.
Added to this state of affairs the damp,
raw weather which has prevailed for the
last few days and still endures has had a
dispiriting effect on everybody, the ab
sence of the old-time crisp, cold Christmas
tide having deprived the period of its
usual glow of festivity. Last Christmas
the tradesmen rom plained of bad busi
ness, but they all agree in declaring that
this year it is far worse. It is not the lack
of attractive inducements that retards
shoppers from buying. There was never a
better display in the shop-windows, nor
was there ever so tasteful an arrangement
of holiday goods under tne brilliancy of
electric-lights or a more elaborate drapery
of the stores.
Nevertheless the jewelers and all other
tradesmen who were relying upon reap
ing a harvest through their Christmas
sales are complaining bitterly of their in
ability to do a satisfactory or even mod
erate degree of business, and it is only the
cheaper toyshops and stores dealing in
fancy articles that are doing any business
at all. Though less money tias been spent
in the purchase of Christmas presents,
however, a great deal more than usual
has been bestowed upon the absolutely
destitute classes. In addition to these
already existing two night refuges were
opened on Christmas eve, where yester
day food and clothing were distributed to
hundreds of distressed persons. The
number of bazaars in behalf of various
charities have also been increased and
house-to-house collections to aid poor
children have been made. In consequence
oi this increa^Pl in charitable woris there
were general Christmas dinners at the
asylums, prisons, casual wards, soup
kitchens, donations to hospitals, etc., to a
degree of beneficence bejond precedence.
The donations exceeded ail previous years
in respect of abundance and tho chanties
to which they were devoted were much
wider in scope.
The Emperor's two eldest sons, Crown
Prince William and Prince Eitel Fred
erick, arrived at the new palace at Pots
dam on luesday from Ploen College,
where they are pursuing their studies, lor
the purpose of enjoying the holidays with
their parents. On Christmas eve the im
perial family and the servants of their
household assembled in the ante-room of
the apartments of the Empress, where the
Empress and herchiiuren presented the
domestics belonging to the household with
gifts. The Emperor and Ernpres-, with
the whole court and Prince and Princess
of Schaumoerg-Lippe, then dined in the
inarole hall of the palace. At 5 o'clock in
the af.ernoon the Christmas trees were
lighted and ttie presents displayed in the
grotto of the salon. Conspicuous upon
the Emperor's table was an immense
silver goblet and a carved clock live feet
high from the Grand Duchess of Baden,
the Emperor's aunt. The imperial chil
dren ran about the salon in high glee,
showing the members of the court the
presents they had received. The Empress
Freder.ck is spending the Christmas holi
days with her son, Prince Heniy of
Prussia, and his wife. Princess Irene, at
Kiel.
There is high authority for stating that
the War Office is undecided whether or
not to present to the Reichstag a bill ask
ing for a very largely increased credit lor
the augmentation of the artillery branch
of the army at the present session of the
legislative body. Tiie Government is anx
ious to secure an enormous credit for the
purpose of carrying out its plans for the
additional new artillery, but there is no
certainly that the present Reichstag will
grant it. General yon Gossler, Minister of
War, En the course of a recent address to
tho budget committee of the Reichstag in
reg-iid to a new gun, which he described
as being superior to the new French
"Csnet 1 ' quicK-tiring gun, asked the mem
bers of the commission to observe the
strictest secrecy concerning the eun.
Some indiscreet member disclosed the
whole plan of the gun, and the budget com r
mittee has begun a searching inquiry witn
a view of ascertaining which of its mem
bers has shown himself unfit to be trusted
witn the secrets of the body.
Advices from St. Petersburg say that a
sensation has been created there by the
decision of the Holy Synod to excommu
nicate Count Liot Tolstoi, the celebrated
Russian author,from the Orthodox church
upon the ground that his works are calcu
lated to, and do, undermine the church.
The synod was incited to this action by
M. Pobedonostzoff, the procurer-general
of the synod, who proposes to summon
Count Tolstoi before the synod for trial,
which will involve his being deprived ot
his civil rights.
The marine cable has been completed
from Emden, Prussia, to Vino, Spain,
which links the (iennan telegraphic sys
tem with the South American and other
systems. Capital has been furnished by
an Anglo-German syndicate for the con
struction of the first section of a subma
rine cable between Germany and the
United States via the Azores.
EX-PATING TALLOR JONER
Claim* That He ma Mot Take Money
. From the Collapaed Jtrtnk.
CHICAGO. 111., Dec. 26— Benjamin B.
Jones, ex-paying teller of the wrecked
National Bank of Illinois, who was ar
rested Thursday night on the Federal
charge of embezzling $20,000 of the bank's
funds, was removed to-Jay :by order of
Judge Grosscup to: the Dupage County
Jail at Wheaton, to remain there until the
next Foderal Grani_Jury passes upon his
case or he is able to furnish the f 10,000
bond required to effect , his release. Ex-
Judge Prendergaat, who represented Jones
in a settlement with the bank, said his
client met all demands made of him and
the bans drove a hard bargain, reducing
Jones to a penniless condition. : His
laraily was forced to go ~to relatives to
live, and Jones is said to have been ir>- and
out : of : Chicago - repeatedly, working at
anything to eet an honest living. He
says he never tried to avoid arrest and is
not guilty of any embezzlement, alleging
that a dozen, employes of the bank had
access to the money in the vaults. He
, was away on a vacation ia • September,
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
I THE MS GREAT UNLOADING SALE OF FINE CLOTHING AN UNPARALLELED SUCCESS! |
f~§ FORCED = jj7~l
\ ff\ fgir TO DO IT. JK I
! ! Vj^ ir^s We have too many Men's and il I m)
it m 1 Boys' Suits and Overcoats on hand /\ ,d«^ 1 1
Ii I t and must unload them at once. #Hr^ •'
iiiviJL :, If Actual Cost, worth or loss cuts no Vi | /|\ $ a
1 l; : : //I I figure with us now. •i\ ( v
JL % Jl j#°THE GOODS MUST GO. I I
.1 '. -: •; '.■..... _ . ; - II I I
' MEN'S STYLISH $12.50 SUITS and (n AC MEN'S STYLISH $18.00 SUITS and OQ QC V
4 OVERCOATS will go this week at. ... OOiU J OVERCOATS will go this week at. OOi 33 {{
MEN'S FINE $20, $22 and $25 DRESS SUITS AND OVERCOATS 01 O QC ii
tf ■ will go this week at .'. OIL\ U J If
[ BOYS' STYLISH CLOTHING SACRIFICED ! [ !
444 44 1
" BOYS' LATE-STYLE ALL-WOOL $5.00 : . BOYS' LATE-STYLE ALL-WOOL $6.50 It '
i| REEFER and TWO-PIECE SUITS GO JC SUITS AND OVERCOATS have been OQ QC jj ;
" have been cut down to 0*»l ■ U cut down to .......................... Owl «1 J j
t i 4
o<>o ' ■ , _ o<)o
000 T*~~" i ! o(>o
W MEN'S $1.50 LATE-STYLE FEDORA QC ft | MEN'S $1.00 VICUNA UNDERWEAR cutlfJni]'
jj| HATS, black or browns, cut to ........ Uull ' to , *HJb !. !
Hi MEN'S $2.50 LATE-STYLE FEDORA O\ QC 4 25c FANCY BORDERED HANDKER- |ft ft i ,
( ff HATS, black or browns, cut to OIiJJ ! CHIEFS cut to .. each | (Jb IV
<ii . . . ■■'■ ■ : j'\" ii >'
iff . _ _ __ — __ — o : : ;—; — - — ]]>
\\\ To-day we are naming LOWER PRICES for HIGH-CLASS up-to-date CLOTHING jj
jljl than was ever given by any reliable firm in America. COME LOOK and BE CON- .jj-;
lil VINCED of this most important MONEY-SAVING FACT. ]| ,
if ' ■ ■ • "-. ;; -•"-•"'' 0• ; ■ ■■; - '""■ ' •■■ ■ ■ ]]'
1 1 ..11. - - *~ *T~~| '
I i , 1
, U ii ' < — — ■ I ; ft ,
I HEADQUARTERS FOR THE BIGGEST GENUINE CLOTHING BARGAINS OBTAINABLE, %
I CORNER KE ARN AND SUTTER STREETS. |
1895, and on his return to the bank wns
confronted with a shortage. It is under
stood that Wilson, who is under bond
pending sentence for complicity in the
embezzlement, accuses Jones of making
him a dupe in the case, and Wilson may
be the principal witness against Jones.
CONSIDERING THE TARIFF.
Congr»*»tnen Taufney, Morri* and Fletch
er Meeting Minnesota Lumbermen.
ST., PAUL, Minn., Dec. 26.— Congress
men Tawney, Morris and Fletcher met a
large number of lumbermen in Minne
apolis this afternoon to discuss the tariff
which shall be placed on lumber. At the
head of the lumbermen was President
Laird of the Mississippi Valley Lumber
men's Association. " Addresses were made
by all of the Congressmen and several of
the lumbermen. Mr. Fletcher explained
that appreciating the importance of tariff
legislation this session he had taken the
responsibility of suggesting to the lumber
men of Minneapolis that if they cared for
a conference Mr. Tawney would be glad to
meet with them. The tariff bill to be
shortly framed r. "vould probably answer
their country for four years and perhaps
for a much longer period, and it wa>,
therefore, important for. the lumbermen
and their interests that they secure proper
protection in the , measure before it was
presented .to the House. The general
sentiment was that a tariff of at least $2
per 1000 should be put on common lumber,
but no formal action was taken.
Murder of v A'egro Girt.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Dec. 26.— The
fourteen-year-old child of Ed Games, a
negro of this place, was found murd red
in the back yard of Stampfli's undertaking
establishment about 6 o'clock this morn
ing. Her head was cut as if ii were done
with a club.
The girl was sent to a store last night
about 5 o'clock and that wan the last seen
of her. A search was instituted for her
last night by tier parents and the police,
but no trace of her could be found, lobe
Lanahan, a half-witted negro who has
been working for Stampfli, has been ar
rested on suspicion.
Failure of a Truit Company,
DAfcLAS, Tkx., Dec. 26.— The Security
and Mortgage Trust Company applied for
a receiver this afternoon. Judi:e Smith
named H. A. Taylor, the present manager,
as receiver. Liabilities $2,000 000, as
sets about $1,000,000. London. New York
nnd Philadelphia investors representing
70 per Cent of the stock will be the Drinc:
pal losers. The failure was caused by un
profitable real estate loans and invest
ments.
Indifftr '«««< and SuieiAn.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 26.— Mrs.
Sophia Gatts, wife of Attorney Gatts of
this city, killed herself with gas at her
home this afternoon. The accident was
tne result of trouble with her husband.
She left letters accusing him of indiffer
ence.
WOULD SETTLE
FINANCIAL ILLS
William Royall Writes to
Congressmen About
the Reform.
Advocates a Scheme for the Issue
of Notes by Backs Upon
Their Own Assets.
Lew-Rate Government Bonds to Take
Up L'gal Tender Not-s Urged as
the Proper Thing.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.—Wil
liam L. Royall of Richmond, Va., who
made so favorable an impression upon
the House Committee on Banking and
Currency on Friday last, has written c
letter to the chairman, Walker of Massa
chusetts, supplementing the statement
made at that time that what the South,
North and West want is a liberal banking
system rather than favoring any particu
lar system. Royall writes that amend
ments can bs mode to the National bank
law abandoning the "requirement of Gov
ernment bonds as a basis for circulation
and allowing the banks to issue notes
upon their own assets up to the limit of
their capital, but still subjecting them to
the control of the National Government.
We should then never bear again about the
financial question, but, on the contrary,
peace and content so far as the finances
are concerned would obtain in those re
gions."
Mr. Royall further says that he believes
the entire Southern vote would be given
to a bill allowing the treasury to issue low
rate Government bonds to take up legal
tender and treasury notes, providing such
a bill would repeal the 10 per cent tax on
S:ate banks.
To a United Associated Presses raporter
Representative Waik<sr said :
"Tnere is no difficulty whatever in com
plying with the suggestions made by Mr.
Royall and at the same time strengthen
ing rather than weakening the National
system, provided the banfcs will assume
pro rata the current redemption of the
legal tender notes in proportion to the
notes the banks are allowed to issue
against their asset*. If any general bill
is report d by the Banking and Currency
Committee it will probably follow these
line."
"What would be the effect of abolishing
the 10 per cent tax on banks?" Walker
was asked.
"With the existence of the legal tender
notes, the treasury notes and the silver
notes it wouid give us financial chaos. If
they were not in existence it would give
us a far more equitable, economical and
better system than we have now."
"What measure of safety is there in is
suing note* against the bank assets only ?"
"With a very small tax, say 2 mills on
the dollar, to create a safety fund, it
would be in every respect as safe as the
present system."
ANSA HANSON NORSEY DEAD.
She Mad Attracted Much Attention by
Her Writing*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— Mrs.
Anna Hanson Dorsey, the pioneer of
Catholic literature in this country, who
had been lying dangerously ill at her
home in this city for the past two months,
died yesterday. Mrs. Dorsey was an old
resident of Washington, Having been born
in Georgetown eighty-three years ago.
Her father was the late Rev William He-
Kenny, a chaplain in the United States
navy.
Mrs. Dorsey had for many years been a
devout Catholic and in her writings had
done everything for the gsod of the
church. Only a few months ago, although
suffering from the illness that caused her
death, she commenced a seriai story in
the Aye Maria, one of the leading periodi
cals of the church in this country, pub
lished at Notre Dame, lnd. Mrs. Dorsey
was honored by personal letters from
Pius IX and also his Holiness Pope Leo.
A few years ago Cardinal Gibbons paid
Dtiblic tribute to her work and its in
fluence in a testimonial sent in her behaif
of herself and in the hierarchy of America,
The University cf Notre Dame, lnd., be
stowed upon her the Latare medal, accom
panying it with a sonnet from Maurice
Egan, traced in letters of gold upon a
page of white n?o re. Mrs. Dorsey's works
number about thirty, but these do not in
clude much of value which has never been
given to the public.
MR. CONATION INSTALLATION
Elaborate Prepnrattott.* to Receive the
A>W Rector of the University.
I WASHINGTON, 1).- C. Dae. 26.— The
Catholic University ;is all agog these
Christmas days with preparations for the
forthcoming installation of Rev. Dr.
Thomas :J. Conaty :as rector of the ; uni
versity; who, before the new year is a
week old, will be snugly ensconced in the
chair of so much _ responsibility and ■ in
fluence. Even . now distinguished dig
nitaries of the church from the East,
South and West are arriving, in order .to
> be , on hand in good season lor the cere* <
monies, which, if one can judge from the
preparations, will be impressive and
elaborate. The central figures of the
occasion, besides the new rector, will
be the papal delegate. Archbishop
Martinelli and Cardinal Gibbons, both of
whom will lend their august presence to
the celebration. Father Conaty is a na
tive of Ireland and was born August 1,
1847.
Oaint in the Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— There
has been perceptible gains in the gold re
serve since Christmas eve. From that
time up to to-day the deposits secured
were $1,297,207 over withdrawals. The
gain was brought about principally by
heavy exchanges of Australian gold for
United States notes in San Francisco.
,
Hatrniian Coukul at St. Lou>i.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— The
President has recognized George L. Allen
as Hawaiian Consul at St. Louis.
HEW to-»at:
tw lIP
;.■ ' dl§|k New Year's
|||pP ...-.Gift:...
ffflff Beautiful Banquet
-^ and Table Lamps at
■^ Closing Prices.
= I , SILK SHADES
Z^. ■; ' ; > At a Sacrifice.
% i MYERS' ■
tiM3ik OIL HEATERS
°'*&£JL*HJM!9 At Reduced Prices
'* «*" ■ ■ *^"^ ' lor , one week.
This Is the windup of our
Holiday Sale
JOHN F. IYERS CO.,
947 MARKET STREET.
34
SAN PEDRO BY
FAR THE BEST
Verdict of Shipmasters
Before the Government
Commission.
Declare the Swells in Santa
Monica Bay Endanger
Shipping.
Los Angel s' Chamber cf Commerce
Opposes a Huntington
Monopoly.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Be.\ 2<!.— Marine
insurance men will tind much food for re
flection i;i the testimony which has been
given by shipmasters and saiiors during
the past week before the Government
Board of Harbor Commissioners sitting in
this city. This testimony has taken a
wide range respecting the character of
vessels, the manner of manning them and
the insurance enrried on ships wrecked or
damaged in San Pedro harbor. It is the
concurrent opinion of these witnesses that
at least three vessels were wrecked because
of ( wrinsurance.
Vessel-owners in California, too, might
profit greatly by an inspection of a steno
graphic report ot this testimony, its in
terest to shipowners hinges upon the
•statements of several masters that the
'yam. ks at San Pedro may be largely ac
counted for by the fact that the captains
in charce had left their vessels in an in
secure position and gone ashore and were
"having fun with the boys" when the
trouble occurred. One experienced cap
tain said to-day that every instance of
trouble with vessels at San Pedro, so far
as his knowledge extended, had grown out
of: 1 , ..willingness to realize on the insur
ance at that point, gross neglect of the
vessel's master, or iuexcusabie blunders
in: the baadiing.
After the publication of to-day's testi
mony, the classic town of Long Bench will
doubtless be regarded as a favorite place of
residence. The high price of coal in this
southland makes the fuel problem an im
portant one in every household. If coal
can be obtained for the trouble of gather
ing it from the seashore, the item of fuel
expenditure is reduced to the minimum.
Several citizens of Long Beach testilied bs
fore the board to-day that not only them
selves, but their neighbors, had been kept
supplied with drifting coal falling from col
liers discharging at San Pedro. After the
wreck of a coaling-vessel there at one time
the inhabitants of Long Beach tilled all
their bins with drifted coal from the dis
abled vessel. Long Beach is east from San
Pedro about three miles and directly in the
opposite direction from the mouth of the in
ner harbor to that of the proposed break-
water, near Point Firmin. This testimony j
was introduced to disprove the often reit- I
crated statements of the Huntington teo- j
pie, to the tftect that currents from the ,
mouth of Wilmington Slough were in the j
opposite direction, and would thus tend to
till in the area to be partially inclosed by
the proposed breakwater.
Huntington's engineers claim thatdebris
issuing from Wilmington Slough, which
receives the waters from a few small |
streams, would, when deposited in the i
propos-d outer harbor area west of the J
slough, necessitate constant dredging.
Th:.- theory of Huntington's "land ma
rines" has been completely demolished by
the combined testimony of Long Beach
citizens who get free coal irom San Pedro.
The stories of these lesidents practically
dispose of the last ray of hope left to
Huntington's people in their argument
against San Pedro's harbor.
The southeast winds, which, it was al
leged at the beginning of this hearing,
were of great frequency and terrific vio
lence at San Pedro, are about tv prove
boomerangs to the Huntingtonians. It
has been conclusively proven that these
winds are less frequent along this coast
than winds from the southwest, west and
northwest, and much lesd severe. More
over, it has been shown that when the
fcoutheasters have been severe and of long
duration they have invariably produced j
ground swells from the opposite direction,
which all the mariners declare are fur
worse in Santa Monica Bay than at San j
Pedro. The tentacles of the "octopus" are
thus left in midair, without a singie sup
port upon which to fasten.
This was a great da}- for the people's
harbor. A large contingent of disinter
ested witnesses testified to the natural
advantages which sjan Pedro possessed
over Santa Monica bight, as the?e ship
masters call Huntington's bay. The truth
of Engineer Moore's statement regarding
Port Los Angeies.has been fully verified.
Moore said:
"Intil the Southern Pacific constructed
its pier opposite some large real-estate
holdings of Collis P. Huntington near
Santa Monica nobody ever thought of
dignifying the place by the uame of 'har
bor.' " .
From the standpoint of every seafaring
man who has given the commission the
benefit of his experience this statement
is literally true.
Thomas Stovall of Long Beach was the
first witness of the day. He said that
when colliers have been unloaded at San
Pedro portions of the cargo which fell into
the s?a had frequently been nicked up at
Long Beach. '1 his proved the direction of
the current. Once when a collier was
wrecked at San PedrD nearly the whole
Lone Beach population was in this manner
supplied with me). The colliers were ac
customed to anchor off Dead Man's Island,
Detween there and Point Firmin. The
"current, in the witness' opinion, was !
■ .always toward Long Beach.
Captain Alexander Smith of San Pedro, j
a master mariner of twenty-seven years' j
experience on this southern coasti told I
that in 1888 and 1889 he was in charge of j
wrecking operations in San Pedro. There
was then not enough current to prevent
divers from gotn§ to the bottom to work, j
In Ifcß7 he wan towing mud out of San j
Pedro Bay with a Southern Paciticdredirer, :
when there was n complaint that ihe filth i
was washing in at Long Beach. At -ranta j
Monica there was, in spots, fair anchorage, j
The harbor was not so pleasant a place, j
the witness said, as the Southern Pacific!
m»p in evidence would tend to prove. In j
1871, while the captain was at anchor I
where Port Los Angeles now is, be laid for
thirty hours trying to make land and then
had to get out. The surf was so heavy j
that it prevented the unloading of his ves
sel's cargo. The swells were the same at
both Redondo and Port Los Angeles. At
Ban Pedro there was but little swell ordin- !
arily. When an anchor was down there
in shipshape there was little danger of ac
cident. The wrecks which occurred there,
he said, have been the result of bad sea
manship more than anything else. Cap
tain Smith told of the tide rip which four
years ago scooped up a big section ol the
wharf at Redondo. No part of Santa
Monica Bay was, iv his opinion, sate in a
storm.
.1. W. Davis of San Pedro, agent at that
point for the Shipowners' Association of
the Pacific Coast, told of an experience at
Port Los Angeles nearly a year ago, when
he soujrht to supply a crew to a ship off
the Long wharf. The weather was bad,
and he was compelled after a trial to take
his men by sail back to San Pedro. He
was informed then at Santa Monica that
he could not land his men at Port Los
Angeles, even after they had arrived
t:>ere. Captain Dornfield, Southern Pa
cific Harbor Master at Santa Monica, in
formed him that he could not with safety
put his crew on the vessel they were to
man. All this occurred last April. In
May there was trouble in returning to
shore after having landed a crew for the
ahiti Charles E. Moody.
Mr. Hood sought to show that the mem
bers of the crew first referred to by tbe
witness were too drunk to be taken on
board the ship to which they were con
signed, but this tbe witness denied. He
had never had any trouble loading men at
San Pedro's outer harbor.
T. H. Winter said he was a seaman and
had been for years. He gave his experi
ence in attempting to deliver the crew on
board the Fernbanic, to which the preced
ing witness referred. When the start was
made from San Pedro the wind was from
the west. When they got around Point
Firmin and into Santa Monica Bay the
sea became heavy. Ho would not attempt
to go to the Fernbank or up to the wharf,
so he put buck. To his surprise when he
pot around Point Firmin again the sea at
San Pedro was comparatively smooth.
Being in calm water he hoisted all
and got back safely. He said he had been
in Santa Monica during a dead calm and
the tide and swell had been so heavy as
to threaten his vessels destruction. The
swell at i?an Pedro was always less than
at Santa Monica. Tnis was >iue to the
protection afforded the former place.
J. S. Jones of Long Beach said he was a
wood and coal dealer. He referred to the
large amount of coal gathered upon the
beach. Enough had drifted in at times to
seriously affect his business. Jones said
he was" an out-and-out landlubber, and
knew nothine about sea currents. The
coal might have been sent ashore by waves
or by currents. All he could swear to was
the presence of coal on the beach and bow
it cut into his cash receipts.
W. C. Patterson, president of the Cham
ber of .Commerce, was liitroouced tv the
commission. He said lie had taken a great
deal of interest in this harbor question,
and so far as he was concerned there was
no i ersonal feeling in the matter. Ho
bore no ill will toward the Southern Pa
cific Company. He had done a great deal
of business with that company, and their
relations were always pleasant. Mr. Pat
terson tiiat practically all of the busi
ness men of Los Angeles were in favor of
San Pearo. All the bankers of the city,
save one, had signed a petition favorable
to S:m Pedro. Similar sentiment pre
vailed in Pomona, Redlands and other
near-by towns.
Mr. Patterson intimated that the South
ern Pacific would monopolize the bu-iness
at Santa Monica should a deep harbor be
located there. On the other hand, it San
Pedro were selected, business would be
open to other roads and to the world.
Mr. I'atterson said a monopoly could not
be prevented at Santa. Monica. He re
ferred to the prospects for new railroads
nml the increasing Oriental trade, ail
pointing to tho necessity of a free barber
on the Los Angeles coast. It was his
opinion that an outer hurbor could be
built and maintained at S::n Pedro to bet
ter advantage than at br.nta Monica.
Mr. Patters-oii did not supply any sci
entific data to back up his preference for
San Pedro. No reference was made to
tides, swells, winds or drifting sand. His
was simply an expression of opinion from
the standpoint of commercial people that
the public at large would "got a Detter
show" at San PeJrothan at Santa Monica.
The last person to address the commis
sion to-day was Engineer Moore of the
Terminal Railroad. He read a carefully
prepared paper. He was lirmly convinced
that San Pedro was the proper site tor a
deep-water harbor. The speaker referred
to the great land protection afforded that
bay. The quarter to which San Pedro was
exposed to the wind was the quarter from
which the least percentage ot wind blew.
In other words, San Pedro was already a
natural harbor of refuse. Scores o* emi
nent engineers had favorably commented
on the excellence of San Pedro's harbor.
Professor Mendall was quoted as being
favorably impressed with San Pedro as a
harbor site. Government engineers were
quoted as also favoring San Pedro. The
natural protection afforded San Pr>dro
could not be duplicated by an ariincial
harbor at Santa Monica.
Police Cleric Jlrcrvtt Missing.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec 26.— W. W.
Everett, clerk of the Police Court, is miss
ing. It is known that Everett has not
made a settlement with tbe City Treas
urer for two months and that Grand Jury
experts are investigating his books.
It is claimed that Everett drew out $500
or $600 of city funds from the bank where
he had deposited them, and also that be
fore going away he borrowed various sums
of friends. Everett's bondsmen are very
much interested in ascertaining the
whereabouts of the youns: man, and hope
that he has not fled and will appear in
a few days.
Jialdxcin Again in Luclu
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 26.—
"Lucky" Baldwin again proved true to his
nickname to-day when Judge McKinley of
the Superior Court gave a decision in his
favor in a suit brought against tne county
to reclaim land taKen by the county as a
public highway. Baldwin adds three or
four acres to his noted s;ock larm at Santa
Anita through the decision.
The Gedney Lo*e* a Man.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 26.— While
the crew of a surfboat from the steamer
Gedne}' was making soundings at. Long
Beach this afternoon under the super
vision of Captain Ellsworth the boat was
overturned. H. Flood, a Norwegian sailor,
was drowned. Every effort was made to
rescue the body, but in vain. TheUedney
steamed back to San Pedro.
Injured in a Jtimawaij.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 26.- Antonio
Rives was thrown from his wagon during
a runaway here to day. His skull was
cracked in two places and he is expected
to die.
THE BERING SEA INQUIRY.
Witnesses at Victoria Give Testimony
Regarding ihe Value of the
Onward.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 26.— The On
ward case was taken up by the Bering
Sea Claims Commission to-day. The On
ward was the third of the British vessels
taken in 1886 by United States cutrers.
The schooner was built in California in
1871, and was registered as a British ves
sel in 1887.
Several witnesses were questioned as to
the vessel's value. H. J. Cook stated tnat
in 1886 it was worth between $4000 and
$3000. Orlando Watson agreed to this,
and Alexander Watson gave $3435 as the
vessel's vailue. Walter Walker valued the
schooner at $4000 and Samuel Sea at $.wOO.
Charles Spring, who fitted out the On
ward for its Bering Sea cruise in 1888* tes
lifi-d to the cost of provisioning, and
stated that if the schooner had not been
seized it would have remained in Bering
Wea until September, 1886, as he had given
the captain directions tv that effect before
tne schooner sailed.
The cross-examination of the witness
by counsel for tua United States was re
served.
Death at ban Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Dec. 26.— Garf
Barstow, the oniy son of S. F. Barstow,
rditor of the Marln Journal, who acci
dentally shot himself last Monday, died
at his home this morning. The wound he
received proved much more serious than
at iirst appeared. An operation performed
on Thursday noted the presence of blood
poisoning and death was evidently not far
distant. Garf was a bright boy. and his
loss falls heavily upon Editor Barstow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, J>KVKJSIItKki U7, lsue.
FRUIT-GROWERS
SEEK PROTECTION
Congress Memorialized by
Santa Clara County
Orchardists.
Their Petition to Be Placed Be
fore the Ways and Means
Committee.
Ask for an Increased Tariff to Enable
Them to Cope With Foreign
Competition.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 26.— A largely
attended meeting of lruit-growersand citi
zens was held in Judge Lorigan's court
room this afternoon, pursuant to a call
recently issued by the Board of Trade.
Resolutions asking Congress to so amend
the tariff as to protect the great fruit and
wine industry of Santa Clara County were
passed. The purpose of the meeting was
to express some sentiment as to what the
tariff snould be. so that California's repre
sentatives in Washington could lay the
matter before the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the House, which will give heal
ings on tariff revision early in January.
Kush McComas was elected chairman of
the meeting and Colonel T. R. Weaver
acted as secretary. Orcliardistswere pres
ent from all over the country.
A committee, consisting of E. H. Good
rich, W. W. Tyler, Ralph W. Hersey, T.
R. Weavei, C. W. Childs, William Weh
ner, J. H. Flick inger, W. W. Turnoy, C.
P. Freitag and N. P. Craigin, which was
appointed by President T. R. Weaver of
the Board of Trade to prepare resolutions
reported in favor of the report adopted at
the annual convention ol the State Fruit-,
growers' Association recently held at Sac
ramento. It memorializes Congress to
raise the tariff on fruit and other products
upon the following basis:
Olives, ereen or prepared — Act of 1890, free;
act of 1!i94, 20 per cent nd valorem; proposed
20 cents per gallon, specific.
O.ive oil — Act of 1890. 35 cents per gallon;
act of 1894, 36 cents jkt gallon; proposed .fl
per gallon. This includes auy oil of which
olive Is a component -jtirt.
Raisins— Act of ISi)O, 'JVj cents per pound;
act of 1894, 1?^ cents per pound; proposed 'J l^
cents per pound, which iuciudt-s currants ana
dried grapes.
Almonds, unshelled— Act of 1890, 5 cents
per pound; act of 1894. '.i cents per pound;
proposed 6 cents per Liouud.
Almonds, shelled— Act of 1390, 7> 2 ' cents per
pound; act of 181(4,5 cents per pound; pro
posed 10 cents per pound.
Walnuts — Act of 1890. 3 cents per pound:
act of 1894, 2 cents per pound; proposed un
sheiled, 3 cents per pound; shelled, U cents
per pound.
Prunes — Act of 1890, 2 cents per pound ; not
of ISM, l'i'cenls per pound; proposed 'J^
cents per pound. '
Fig*— Act of 1990. '2^ cents per pound: act
cf 1894, I}^ cents per pound: proposed 3 cents
per pound.
Preserved fruitu— Act of 1890, 35 cents ad
valorem; act of 1894, 30 per cent ad valorem;
proposed 40 per coin ad vnlorem.
Oranges, lemons and limes — Act of 1890, 13
cents per cubic foot on box uf l|i cubic feet,
25 cen is per box of 2J^ cubic, feet, 5T> cents
on box oi 5 cubic feet and 20 per cent ad
valorem on each additional .foot; act of 1894,
8 cents per cubic foot in packages and $1 50
per thousand in bulk; proposed 20 cents per
cubic fool in packages and $2 50 per thousand
in bulk.
Colonel T. R. Weaver, J. H. Pllckineer
ana A. .R. Woodward were appointed a
committee to attend the convention on
tariff revision to be held by the Chamber
of Commerce in San Francisco January 7.
A resolution was adopted requesting Cal
ifornia's representatives in Congress to
work for the passage of a tariff conform
ing to the report adopted by the State
Fruit-growers' Association. A resolu
tion in favor of protecting the robins
from hunters was passed. It was stated
that the robins did a great deal of good
by destroying injurious insects in the
orchards and vineyards.
LOS ANGELES, Cal , Dec. 26— A meet
ing of Southern California citrus fruit
growers was held here to-Uay. It was de
cided to send a delegation to Washington
to work for a higher tariff duty on foreign
lemons, oranges, limes and grape fruit.
The resolution committee made a report,
which was adopted, advocating that an
import duty of 40 cents per cubic foot en
all citrus fruit be imposed by the Federal
Government. Petitions to be forwarded
to the Legislature at Sacramento and to
Congress at Washington, showing the
Southern' California orchardists 1 griev
ances, were read. The committee recom
mended the appointment of an executive
committee of one member from each citrus
locality to attend to the collection of the
necessary hinds. The executive commit
tee will meet Monday.
CERAL MAIL
Carrier System to Be Tented in the
Campbell Jtintrict.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 26.— The United
States Postal Department will make a trial
of the free rural delivery system at Camp
bell, in this county, shortly after January
I. The district selected is about three
miles in extent east and west, and four
miles north and south. Fred Weitzen
bers; and Fred Willard have been named
as carriers.
In beginning their work the carriers
will call at every house and note the
names of all the residents. These will be
located on a map. In the interest of se
curing a permanent free delivery for that
section all will be requested to have their
postofhee address changed to Campbell.
A number of tbe residents of the pro
posed district now get their mail at San
Jose. If sufficient stamps are canceled to
make it prolitahle to the Government, tne
system will be made permanent, other
wise it will be abandoned.
The carriers will not only deliver but
will also collect the mails once each day.
Each citizen will be required to place a
mail box at the road pate of his residence.
(oiiv'Mlidii of Tenchers.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Dec. 26.— The State
Teachers' Association will convene here
Monday afternoon. The County Institute
of Santa Clara will be organized at ihe
same time. All the teachers will meet
later in the afternoon to hear a number of
addresses. In the evening a recaption will
be tendered the Visiting teachers by citi
zens of San Jose, which will be managed
by the Alumni Association of the San Jose
Normal School. Addresses of welcome will
be made by prominent citizens, to which
President Linscott will respond.
Jnqitr.il on Stockton'* Suicide.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 26.— The Coro
ner's jury rendered a verdict of suicide in
the case cf William Winter, who last
night cut his throat with a knife. Winter
had been employed as engineer on the
steamer Ellen, but was discharged by
Captain Beers for drinking. He was 50
years of age and was a capable engineer.
Winter was a member of tne Marine En
sineers' Association and of the Improved
Order of Red Men.
y : : - — — ♦ — — . .;
Stockton Condemnation Suit.
STOCKTON, Cat,., Dec. 26.-T:ie Board
of Supervisors to-day decided to bring
condemnation proceedings against Henry
.Barn hart, one of the wealthiest men in
county, to remove an obstruction placed
by him on the banks of Calaveras River.
Barnhart was present at the time and de
clared he was willing to give up his
fortune and go to jail before he would re
move the obstruction. The Supervisors
passed resolutions asking the Legislature
to enact a law compelling all owners of
land along the banks of streams to re
move trees, brush and other obstructions.
CLOVERDALE'S FAIR OPENED.
Speeches, Music and a Masked Ball Are
Features of Dedication
Night.
CL,OVERDALE, Cal., Dec. 26.— The
dedication of the Cloverdale Citrus Fair
Pavilion last night and the masquerade
ball that followed were pronounced suc
cesses.
President John Field delivered the
opening address, followed by Secretary G.
B. Baer and Hon. D. E. McKinlay of Santa
Rosa. Mr. Baer gave special attention to
the bard work that has been done in the
past year by the Citrus Fair Association to
bring its projects to successful fruition.
Mr. McKinlay took his text from the all
wise Solomon, who said: "There is noth
ing new under the sun." He mentioned
that the oranrce was not heard of until
the thirteenth century, when Burbank
saw the half-developed lruit growine near
the shores of the Caribbean Sea and propa
gated the seed. To-day we have the lus
cious navel orancreof commerce. Twenty
rive years ago Sonoma County did not
know that it bad a great sold mine within
its borders — the orange and lemon. Clo
veidale four years ago, at its first citrus
fair, proved that is had a new El Dorado
at its doors.
Others made short speeches, interspersed
with selections by the Cloverdale band.
Then came the grand march, led by J. B.
Wilson and Mrs. C. E. Humbert. In line
were about 100 couples, en masque, from
all parts of Sonoma ana Mendocmo coun
ties. Tbe hall contained 700 people, and
after the unmasking there were 150 couples
dancing at one time. Supper was servea
at the United States Hotel.
The next citrus fair will be held from
February Jiti to 20.
PORTLAND PERJURY CASE.
Commissioner Sladen Regrets That He
Must Bind Over a Man Who
Erred Innocently.
PORTLAND, Ok., Dec. 2G.— William N.
C. Guy of East Portland was this after
noon taken before United States Commis
sioner Sladen on a charge ot perjury in
connection with filing upon public lands.
The information was sworn to by M. j^.
Dodson, also of the east side, and was
seemingly actuated by spite arid disap
pointment cons quent upon his failure to
make a trade with Guy. The latter
wished to view the land and improve
ments before making a trade, and the two
started for Roseburg. On reaching there
Dodson, in his anxiety to secure the ex
change of deeds, persuaded Guy. so the
latter alleges, to go to the land office and
file upon the land, Guy being {riven to un
derstand he was doing no wronir, so long
as he was immediately bound for the
placf. In passing on the case Commis
sioner Sladen said:
"Were it within my province, Mr. Guy,
I would at once discharge you, lor I feel
you were led into this trouble and have
acted innocently; but the very fart of
your signature to the non-mineral aiiida
vit and your frank admission of your mis
taken idea of the law in believing what
had been told you as to your right to file
without first seeing the land, leaves me
nothing to do but bind you over to the
Grand Jury in the minimum bands of
$2(X). I feel confident an explanation 1 of
the matter before that body will right
matters."
TACUMA EX-NONNER`S PLIGNY
Arte Bond Required of a Man Guilty of
Faltifjiinrf Jiecords. *
TACOMA, WASH., Die. 2S.— Judge
Hanford of the Federal court to-day made
an order directing the cleric to issue a
warrant for the apprehension of W. E.
Peters, ex-cashier of the Columbia Na
tional Bank, who was convicted of falsify
ing the bank's records with a view of de
ceiving the Comptroller of the Currency,
and was subsequently granted a new trial
by Judge Gilbert. Hanfords order de
mands that Peters be brought before
United States Commissioner Ayres and
file a new bond of $">OJO or go to jail. The
mandate was issued in response to the
appeal of United Htates Attorney lirink
er, who is di«salished witn the old bond
of $10,000. The attorney alleges that the
latter is practically worthless. Among
the sureties is P. L. Carr, who qualified
for $15,000, and whose property according
to brinker, is valued at $3500.
Encountered a Vallejo "Frost."
VALLEJO, Cal., Dec. 26. — Brown's
Repertory Company, billed to appear
Thursday night at Farragut Hall, failed
to show, owing to ihe non-appearance of
an audience. The company's bagsiasie was
attached, the Thespians walKed the streets,
and Mr. Brown, tho manager, becoming
despondent, attempted to end his life last
nieht by swallowing chloroform. A physi
cian was called and saved his life. To-duy
the company left for San Francisco, where
it will produce the tragic play, "Stricken
Blind," which failed as an attraction here.
Rawhide Men Held for Murder.
SONORA, Cal., Dec. 26.— Herman Erick
son, the man shot at Rawhide on Wednes
day, died late Thursday night. John
Voi&son. his slayer, will be accused of
murder. Girard, at whose house the
tragedy occurred, has been arrested and
cuurged with being an accomplice. Girard
is an old man, but is always in some
trouble owing to his love for firearms and
a belief that his neighbors are persecuting
him.
Rail Casualty year Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 26.— Lee Myers,
a bralceman, was killed last night a few
miles west of this city. The manner of
his death is not known. When the train
pulled into Marshall he was missing, and
after the train had run back three or four
miles, his mangled body was found. He
Had a brother working as a trainman and
a mother living near Spokane.
Stage Ace.idrnt A'ear T)yerville.
EUREKA, Cal., Dec. 26— Word was re
ceived here from Scotia to-day that a
stage on the route between Dyerville and
Garberville had gone over a grade Thurs
day night and that the driver had been
killed. Beyond the fact that the driver
was a yourig Swiss known us Joe and a
new man on the route nothing could be
learned.
Graft Valley i Explosion.
GRASS VALLEY. Cal., Dec. 26.— Jacob
Pollock, an employe at the She/bley Scan
lon mine, dried giant powder in a stove
yesterday. The powder exploded and his
cabin was blown to atoms. Pollock was
fatally mangled. Fifty pounds of powder
caps in the cabin did not explode.
Hudden Itrnth at Vall'Jo.
VA.LLEJO, Cal., Dec. 26.— A boiler
maker in the ntivy named McCloskey died
in his bank in a saloon near Georgia-street
wharf last night. He served last on the
gunboat Petrel.
T>m Goods Men fail.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Dec 26 —Robert
Hederborg was to-day appointed receiver
for the Union Dry Goods Company of
this place. The assets are $35,000 ; "esti
mated liabilities $20,000. Pressure brought
to bear on other local dry goods dealers
on top of the failure of the Parsons-
Peletier Dry Goods Company caused the
failure.
PHOENIX INDIANS
WIN AT FOOTBALL
Prescott Team Defeated by
Government School
Players.
Pima Youths Put Up a Dashing
Game Against Heavier
Opponents.
Their Victory Gives the Redskin
Punters the Championship of
Arizona.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Dec. 20.— The foot
ball eleven of the United States Indian
School near this city to-day won the
championship of the territory in a game
with the Prescott eleven, which conquered
Phienix yesterday. The game was hard
fought from beginning to cud. Averaging
fifteen pounds less in weight than their
antagonists the copper-colored puntera
put up a dashing play and scored 20 to
Prescott's 6. They have lost but one game
out of four played this season.
The Indians averaged in weight 146
pounds; Prescott lbl. The heaviest In
diun weighed 103 pounds; the lightest 134.
The Indians did very little punting or
open playing, but relied on a revolving
wedge, which was something new to Pres
cott and could not be resisted. They were
also strong in interference and tackling
and good runners. Their mass plays were
well executed and so perfectly did they
play together that they had everything
their own way from the start. They
played fairly and came out without a
scratch.
The Prescott eleven did not fare so well.
B. P. Delanty, Campbeli, Howard and
Coots were disabled in mass plays. The
Prescott men male a game tight and ex
ecuted some brilliant plays, but they could
not cope with the wily red men. Pritchett,
Trile and Marion were strong in tackling.
Captain Myers made a touchdown on a
beautiful halfback kick, which had never
been seen in Plicenix before. The Prescott
mass plays were principally of the Penn
sylvania tandem variety, and were gener
ally successful. The team was weakened
by having four men disabled in the game
with Phccniz yesterday.
The Indian football team was organized
at the United States school by Superin
tendent Harwood Hall last year, and sev
eral matches were played with the Phoenix
eleven. The Pima boys seemed to possess
every qualification except confidence. The
games were all won by Phcenix. After
th.i Indians had a year of training under
Messrs. Cochran and Lesto:>, experienced
athletes, and conquered their timidity,
they became a formidable aggregation.
Four of the team that won to-day had
never played until this winter. The reds
had the advantage of the whites in giving
signals, as they did not use a cipher but
spoke in their native tongue.
COLGAN ANSWERS BROWN.
Declares the Yountville Home Appropri-
ation Legal — The Secre
tary Replies.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, Dec. 26.— State
Controller E. P. Colgaa has taken issue
with that portion of Secretary of State
Lewis N. Brown's report on the Yount
ville Soldiers' Home, a synopsis of which
was printed in Wednesday's Call. Brown
stated that $60,000 had Deen unlawfully
appropriated and paid from the State
funds lor improvements on this institu
tion during the past few years. Colgan
deems this a reflection on his method of
conducting his office, in that it infers a
laxity in obtaining proper legal advice be
fore honoring claims presented to him. In
speaking of the subject Deputy Controller
Will Douglas said to-dny:
"In 1887 the Legislature appropriated
$10,000 for the use of the Soldiers' Home
to make needed repairs and erect an ad
ditional cottage, but when the demand
was presented to Controller Dunn, he re
fused to issue the warrant and raised the
same objection presented by Secretary
Brown— that it was contrary ti> section
22 Article IV of the Constitution. In 1889
the Legislature passed an act declaring
the Soldiers' Home a State institution
and giving the Governor power to appoint
directors. This was done in order to ob
tain the former appropriation of $10,000
and also the Congressional appropriation
which had been granted with the distinct
understanding that the institution must
be under the control of the State. In 1890,
Attorney-General Johnson rendered an
opinion to the secretary of the Veterans'
Home Association, in which he held that
by reason of the act of 1889 the Home was
a State institution ; that in consequence
the appropriation of $10,000 was available.
"In 1893," continued Mr. Douglas, "the
Legislature appropriated $5000 to the
home for the erection cf buildings and
improvements, but~ before Mr. Colgan
would draw the warrant he obtained the
lecal opinion of Judge J. A. Barham of
Santa Rosa, R. T. Devlin of Sacramento
and the verbal opinion of Attorney-Gen
eral Hart. General Hart, being at the time
a director of the home, was not asked for
a written opinion. All concurred in de
claring that the home was a State insti
tution under the then existing act of the
Legislature.
"In 1891, in the case of Daggett vs.
Colgan, involving an appropriation of
$300,000 for the Columbian Exposition ex
hibit, the Supreme Court decided the ap
propriation to be valid, on the grounds
that it was not necessary for the State to
own the ground on which to erect build
ings, a? long as the latter were controlled
by the State. Therefore, the warrant was
granted and Mr. Colgan claims that,
having obtained wbat legal authority was
available on the subject, he was fully
justified in granting the warrant."
Mr. Colgan fully concurred with Mr.
Douglas' statement. Secretary of State
Brown said regarding the matter:
"In my judgment the decision of the
Supreme Court is by no means a parallel
case. The cottages at Yountville home
were not erected under State control, nor
was the law of th^e S:ate complied with.
It specifically provides that the full and
accurate plans, showing all detail of the
work to be performed in constructing or
improving any State building, when they
exceed the sum of $3000, with full specifi
cations, bills of material and estimates of
the cost thereof, shall be submitted to the
Governor, State Treasurer and Secretary
of State lor their approval, and if bo ap
proved a copy shall be safely kept in toe
Controller's office. The plans shall then
be edvertised for four weeks and sealed
proposals submitted.
"This was never done, nor have the bills
of the institution ever been audited by
the Board of Examiners. In fact the
home is a corporation and the directors
are appointed by the Veterans' Associa
tion. To a certain extent the Governor
has control over them and pan remove
them for cause, but for cause only. These
directors do not admit that the home is a
State institution, and when I asked them
why they did not deed the property to the
State they retorted by asking me if the
State desired to obtain $300,000 worth of
property for nothine. Personally I would
like to see them get all the money they
are legally entitled to, and would also like
to see the State get a deed for the prop
erty, as I believe it would be for the good
of the. institution, and that is what I am
interested in.
"In making mention of this appropria
tion in my report I had no idea of casting
any discredit on the method of conducting
the Controller's office, but I stiii hold
that the appropriation was illegal in every
respect, and I am sure tnat the Governor,
the Attorney-General and the members of
the Code Commission all aeree with me."
NEW YORK'S WHITE CHRISTMAS.
Several Pretty Actressss Sing on the
Streets and Collect Considerable
Money for Sweet Charity.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26. — The
promise of a "white Christmas" was ful
filled yesterday. The day was very white.
It was brilliant, for the sun shone on the
snow. Toward noon the sunshine became
quite firm and the snow be^an to melt.
Soon, however, the air grew cooler. In
the parks, all thespac? except the walks
was covered with snow. Tne sleighs
glided swiftly along the driveways, and
thousands of boys and girls coasted on the
hillsides. The air was filled with sounds
of bells and laughter and chatter. It
seoniod more of a holiday than usual in
the lower part of the city. The stores and
business houses were closed, and the
streets were almost deserted. There was
less noise and stir than on Sunday.
In nearly all of the churcnes were ap
pronriate services. The charities of the
season were not omitted. Numbers of
public institutions gave dinners and
others distributed substantial gifts. In
front of some of the missions or homes of
charitable associations were seen lontr
lines of the poor and hungry people.
Many of these institutions had wagons
distributing food and clothing iv the
'tenement districts.
Private charities are said to have been
unusually abundant. A great quantity of
money and other presents were given out
quietly. All of the children in the in
dustrial schools were lioerally remem
bered. In all of the hospitals, also, many
gifts were made to the sick.
Christmas day in tne hotels is not very
lively, and yesterday was no exception.
'There were few arrivals, and many of the
regular guests left during the day and
dined with friends. It has become a cus
tom to bave ainner parties at some big
houses instead of homes, and the Savoy,
Plaza, Windsor, Fifth-avenue, Waldorf
and others all had two or three of these
small parties. At the Windsor Mme.
Melba uave a party to seven friends.
Hotels like the Waldorf, Netherland,
Holland, Hoffman and Delmonico's res
taurant made no difference in tbeir din
ners on Cnristmas day, or any other day in
the year for that matter. They always
have a Christmas dinner, as one clerk put
it. Other notels always nave a Christmas
dinner, too, but Christmas day they made
things a little more elaborate by collecting
dishes suitable to the day and printing
the menu in the shape of a dainty sou
venir.
Several vaudeville actresses, following
the custom of their Fn-nch sisters in art,
promised to sing in the public streets dur
ing tho noon hour yesterday and to de
vote the contributions they received from
the people to charity.
Mile. Korina sang from her carriage in
front of Delmonico's, at Fifth avenue nnd
Twenty-sixth street, to an audience of 400
or 500 men and women who were return
ing from church. At the conclusion of
each song she sold roses, but no matter
what the sum given was, she pave no
change in return. She explained that she
had not teen long in this country and was
afraid she might make a mistake in giving
change.
Louise Bondel took up her station in
front of the Union League Club, but she
said that she had a sore throat and could
not sing in the open air. She carried sev
aral bunches of roses, one of which she
disposed of for charity to fiose who
waited to hear her sing, and the others sue
presented to the Union League Club. The
contributions from the club members and
those in tbe street amounted to $335.
Miss Cora Boutt, accompanied by a
little girl and young man, gave a short
op«n-air concert for charity's sake at
One Hundred and Twenty-Fifth
street and Eighth avenue. Few persons
were present when she tripped in clad in
a fantastic costume, and taking her stand
at the southeast corner began to sing a
Christmas caroi. Soon a crowd of upward
ot 100 persons gathered and joined in the
chorus. The roses which the actress car
ied were put up for auction and were sold
r o a man in the crowd for $10.
DIRECTORS MEET ECKESS
The Controller Hilling to Aid the
111, not* Motional to Jtesume.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.—
George S. Adams, William E. Page, Wil
liam D. Kerfoot and Charles R. Corwith,
directors of the National Bank of Illinois,
had a conference witn the Controller of
the Currency this morning with a view
to reopening the bank for business. The
conference did not result in any definite
action, but it is probable that a first
dividend of 50 per cent on claims proved
will be declared in a very short time. No
insolvent National BunK has ever been
able to do so well by its depositors within
so brief a period subsequent to its failure.
The four directors represented that they
did not know the bank had invested so
heavily in Calumet Electric Railway
stock, speculation in which caused Con
troller Eckels to warn the directors in
1895 and compelled the Chicago clearing.
hou«e association to suspend the bank.
A suggestion in the newspapers of yes
terday that signatures to letters received
by the Controller from the direc'ory
were not genuine was not taken up or
discussed when Controller Eckels pro
duced the letters for the inspection of the
four directors. Mr. Eckels promised to
do everything he could in co-operation
with the directory to pull the bank through
its difficulty. They will not have another
conference.
Uf Interest to tne Coa»t.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.— The
following postmasters were appointed:
G. W. Pugh at Holly. Or. ; R. G. Cor.klin
at Hollbrook, Or.; J. McMorrow at lm
bler, Or.; C. W. Hopkinson at Fulton,
Wash.; J. Scalton at St. Helen, Wash.
A postoffice was established to-day at
Tahoe, Placer County, and S. Watson ap
pointed postmistress; also at Sunnyaide,
Kings County, Wash., and A. M. Cale ap
pointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Samuel Parma, Sail
Jose; Michael Brick, Soldiers' Home' Los
Angeles. Orignal widows, etc. — Let tie
Hoyt, Forrest Ranch.
Oregon: Original— Milo Taylor, Spring
field; John W. Patrick, Hazeldell; Pres
ton Richnrdson, Dilly.
Washington: Original— William N. Al
vor.l, Chehalis. Additional — George E.
Huntley, Orting.
Ihe IHtte Tariff Schedule.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 26.— The
California delegation will have a meeting
on Monday to arrange fora hearing befoie
the Ways and Means Committee on the
wine tariff schedule. Wine men from Cali
fornia and New York will appear before
the committee on that day.
The. Ilelijinn Minister Promoted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 26.-The
Belgian Minister, Alfred Legbnit, visited
the White House this norning accom
panied by the Secretary of State and pre
sented his letters of recall to the Presi
dent. Mr. Leghait has represented Bt«i
gium In Washington since May 24, 1889,
when lie was received by President Cleve
land. He has now been promoted to the
Prussian mission, which is one of the high
est posts in the Belgian diplomatic oorp .
Until a new Minister succeeds Mr. Leg
hait in this city, which is expected to be
without much delay, the affairs of the le
gation will bo in the bands of Maurice
Joostens, councilor, as Charge d' A.ffaire«.
lotoa to Ci-l'brate.
DES MOINEB, lowa, Dec. 26. —la
pulpits throughout the Ktato to-morrow
the sermons will have special reference to
the fact that Monday is the actual fiftieth
anniversary of the passage of the act ad
mitting lowa as a State into the American
Union, which legislation consummated
such admission. This religious obser
vance will be in response to a procla
mation issued by Governor Drake, In
which he urges that the prayers of the
people go up that the blessings of the
Creator thus far richly vouchsafed the
commonwealth in its growth may con
tinue to attend its future.
WILL GO SLEIGUIXG.
Ex-Queen Lilinokalnni J'roposes to En
joy Hern elf ir» Jtonton.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 26.— Ex-Queen
Liliuofcaiani will spend Sunday morning
in her rooms at the Parker House, and in
the afternoon, if the weather is propitious,
she will take her first sleighride.
To-day was spent in her rooms resting
and receiving friends, among whom were
several well-known Boston ladies who
made her acquaintance when she was here
before. The ex-Queen has been particu
larly solicitous in inquiring after those
whom she met during her previous visit
here, and her first question on reaching
Boston was concerning the late Hugh
O'Brien, who was Muyor then and whom
she decorated with a floral wreath in front
of tbe Parker House when she was taking
her leave. Yesterday she inquired par
ticularly concerning Mrs, O'Brien and
Mrs. Ames, the widow of Governor Ames,
whom slie remembered equally as well.
Steventon'u At«ce to Wed
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 26.— A number of '
out-of-town guests have arrived here to
attend the marriage of Miss Julia Q.
Scott of Bloomington, 111., niece of Vice-
President Stevenson, and Carl Vrooman
of Baltimore, which will take place here
Monday evening. It had originally been
arranged that the nuptials should be
solemnized in the apartments of Vice-
President Stevenson at the Normandie in
Washington, but tbe change to this city
was made for family reasons.
Probably Lost in the Hirer.
CLAYTON, N. V., Dec. 26.— Yesterday
Edward O. Rogers, superintendent of
Calumet Island, accompanied by his
young son Frank and Miss Minerva
Robbins, left Calumet Island in an ice
punt for Grindstone Island, where Miss
Robbins resides. A squall and snew storm
came up while they were crossing. They
were not seen again, and aa they did not
reach Grindstone, it is feared that the
boat capsized and they were drowned.
The river is full of drifting ice.
90 % MAN,
90 0/0 '
90 °/o 9° per cent man
9O °/ an( IO per cent
go 0/ weakness may not
o 0 seem very much to
900/0 the beginner, but
90 °/o if the waste con-
90.0/0 tinues the end is
9O 0/0 certain. It will be
9O °/o IO per cent man
90 °/o anc * 9° P er cent
go 0/ - weakness. Don't
qq 0/ fall into this con-
go ° ditiou. If you are
° suffering from a
90 °/o waste or a loss . if
9^ °/o you pass sleepless
90 °/o nights, wake tired
9O 0/0 and listless ; if you
90 0/0 are prematurely
90 °/o deca ed ; if you
9O V have the symptoms
90°/° of failing man -
/o hood, be sure to
90 Vo get that which will
9O Vo cure you. It is the
90 % remedy treatment,
iiHudyan
90 °' /o . Hudyan can be
90 Vo had only from the
9O 0/0 doctors of the Hud-
QO o . son Medical Insti-
yu /o tute. No one else
90 0/0 can give you Hud-
9O Vo y an - Call or write
go o > for fair trial treat-
- bO * /o ment or
90 Vo
90 0/0 CIRCULARS
90 °/o AND
90 0/0 TESTIMONIALS
90 Vo __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
PCfctcheMci's E*«Uak Olaa*B<l Hraaif.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-CX Original Mi O.lj Scamla*. A .
y ./TPK^\ •»'€, «Jw»jr« reliable. lADIE* uk M\
A,TI s^iiM Drauiit Mr C»ic»«:«r« JWu* i>l«^(flS\
LoStj^SS^m<m.lsrmnd la Red and pn.d mcullloXUr
.Off jfgMie*. i»l«l with bin* ribbon. Tak« >^T
Ifi 9^ • th « i i** Sl * i it «■•"">> «**««.*. ▼
I/ ■ • ■-■■ fWHtntand imtttattum: AtDrauiwa, wH«d4»
I W Jg in Maisp* Car pantcWaii, laUanUl ud
\«* B " Relief fcr L«dl«." M I.«^, bjNlin
a DR. HALL'S KEmiGORATOIi
Five hundred reward lor any case wa -
cannot cure. , THIS SECRET HEM-
EuY stop* all losses In 24 hours,
cores Emissions, lrapotency, Varioo
cele, Gonorrhoea, Uleet, Fits, Stric-
tures, Blood Disease and all watting
effects of self- Abu ior ? Kxce-ndi.
Sent healed. $2 per bottle. THrkj*
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any casei
JDK. BALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUIK,
, , S»5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. • - .
All private disease* uulttly tureO. 6«u4 tit
tree book. .-. -*.«? ! * w:-r^-'"'•:w :-r^- '"'•:- ■~ ■ ■:'. • •■-- ' \"-VAINLY PLEADED
FOR HIS LIFE
Watchman Patterson Died
at the Hands of Sam
Black.
Ths Outlaw-Hunter Confesses to
the National City
Murder.
His Ccmpanfon Gives the Authorities
the Details cf a Cold-Blooded
Assassination.
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., Dec. 26.— Sam Black,
the slayer cf John Patterson in an orange
prove at National City last Wednesday
nipht, has confessed. His confession is
not in legal form and he may recant when
he comes to trial. Bat Ihe confession of
John Mitten, who was present when the
murder occurred, practically settles the
matter, and Black is facinp the gallows.
Mitten was found yesterday and told
all. The officers kept the matter a close
secret. Black: was confronted with the
confession of Mitten and broke down; the
defiant attitude he had assumed disap
peared and he admitted thai he had done
1 he shooting.
7 "Mitten's confession is about correct,"
i.c said coolly, '"except that I called out
twice to Patterson before I shot him. I
thought he was a tramp trying to steal my
rig. and after calling out twice without
getting an answer I shot."
Mitten's confession portrays a murder
of a most cold-blooded kind. Ha tells
how the two drove up after dusk to the
orange grove guarded by Patterson and
Black suggested that they take a few
oranges.
,"1 did not see Black get out of the
•wagon," said Mitten, "but I heard him.
1 did not know he carried his gun when
he got out. He was behind me as I stood
■at the tree looking at the oranges. Just
about, the time I lit the match I heard a
.voice at the wagon and thought the old
horse was moving around a tree.
"I turned around and saw Black on the
run toward the wagon. He did not call
out anything. 1 saw a mat' in the wagon.
Biaclc ran up to within about thirty feet
.of tiie wagon and fired. Just before he
fired the man spoke, evidently telling
■Back not to shoot, hut I did not hear
what he said. He fell in a heap, appa
rently between the seat and the dash
board, and made a pitiful cry. I shall
'never forget that cry — it was awful.
'f-v- '.'The wagon was already on tt;e move
'when Black shot, but it went faster after
the shot, and Black followed alter. That
was the last I saw of Black for a time. It
was -pretty dark and I could not see far.
I jeaijzed what an awful position I was
in,' an made up my mind to get of there
a- quickly as I could.
"i did not know anything about the
; country, but I could see the lights of ISan
.■lHe'jio and struck out across lots for them.
•fcinhlly I reached the road and walked
• •fast/:-; A mile or two further on somebody
■ ,'- ... .; ■''. I'd mo and said:
■'i'^.'SAy, there's a man here either drunk
i ft: \ick. Help me, will you?'
"i-K'*iX- looked and saw Black's rig there
.•^rtjithe dying man in it. I said: 'No,
; : I'm in a hurry to get home. I can't stop.'
jif.weiit straight home, and reached there
;; between 7:30 and 8 o'clock. Black showed
tip at the house about 8:30.
/!./." "My God, Sam.' I said, 'you've got me
in a terrible rix. You've killed that man.'
" 'Wei!,' i>aid Black, 'I hop 6to God I
' 'have. Dead men tell no tales.*
" 'W.-iSt did you do with the gun,' I
askeci him.
, '." 'Oh. I've got that where they will
never find it,' he said. '1 threw it in the
bay- .
- '•I told Black then about meeting the
wagon and being asked to help the
Wounded man, and Black said:
.././•'. 'I wish to God I had met the outfit.
;!They wouldn't have any evidence against
Kjpgejiow.'
;: ''Then Black told me he had a plan all
fixed up and for me to keep still and I
• ■would not be implicated. He told me to
; caution my family not to say anythinc
about my trip. He said he was going to
te!l the officers that two tramps stole his
; ;outfit in Telegraph Canyon and get them
•to take the trail alter it.
"Tue next morning James Black, a son
■• of Sara, came to my house with a note
..from bis father. It was to the effect that
I most keep still and warn my family to
. keep still and all would be well. Black;
■•.tvpniised that I would not be implicated
in trie affair. At the end he said I shouid
destroy the note and be would see me
V : iater.: So I burned the note in the stove." ]
r- : l.Black refuses to talk now, having been
: : cautioned by hi? attorney, but his sou
to-night thai he thought his father
■rnnat be crazy. He had displayed signs
= (it -mental aberration for a month past.
This hint may indicate that the insanity
plea will be advanced to save Black's neck
ixom the gallows.
HURLS A HILL INTO A CANYON.
Work on the Morena Dam, N>ar San Diego,
Expedited by a Monster
Blast.
':■■ SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 26.— The im
. portam work on ihe Moreno dam, forty
tfaree miles east of ban Diego, where the
ciiy's new water system is to be con
structed, was greatly hastened this after
noon by the explosion of a monster blast
that dislodged 150,000 tons of rock below
tl.e heel of the dam.
This mass, wnicli extends for 400 feet
alone the bed of the stream, and reaches
an average height of sixty feet, completely
fills the canyon and itself constitutes a
daiu that will never be shaken under any
flood tiiat can Rather. The dam proper is
about 200 feet above the mass, and the
i-pace intervening wiJl be fiJled with rock
carefully placed to give strength and
eoliitity.
At to-day's blast 100,000 pounds of black
and giant i.ovvder were used all at once,
i lie black powder was used to give ihe
ji'uv pushing force that hurled the mighty
h-ill of rook into the gorge. The giani
served to dislodge the ma?s and lift it up
:i second or two. allowing the blact pow
der to do its work.
All the deposits of powder, which were
placed in tunnels run at different levels
hi the hills, were connected by electric
w.tres. Thegreate-t care was taken to pre
.;V-ent accident and the affair was entirely
S>ieoessful. The quantity of
.r6ck, including bowlders as iarg ■ as a
pioiierate sized business block, was placed
exactly were the engineers planned, run
ning to within 225 feet of the dam, but not
touching it.
'i he scene at the moment of the explo
sion was one never to be forgotten. The
sipnal was inven ana the foreman touched
the button that sent a spark of fire to the
heart of the powder magazine all through
the hill. A deep, confined ro;ir, like the
sound of an ocean wave, issued from th«
hill, which became alive with little spirals
of <iiw.
The hillside rose as one piece three or
four feet, but quickly split into all im
aginable shapes, and seemed to move out
from the body of the hill as if pusheil by
a gigantic hand. It poised over the verge
an instant, the noise rapidly inereasine,
and then foil into the dam with a tre
mendous roar.
A dust-cloud, yellow and opaque, swirled
over ttie wreckage until the rock had
fallen, and then it gathered and hung
there for an hour. Small rock rattled
down the jagered hillside for naif an hour,
and no one attempted to ::et very near the
pile for fear oi being crushed by rock fall-
Ing from above.
Another blast of 80,000 pounds is being
prepared and will t>t; fired soon a;ter
January 1. It is to furnish material to
complete ihe dam proper, an i to connect
it with the great pile thrown in to-day.
The total lencth of the dam on the stream
will be 600 feet. It will be 130 feet in
height.
ROMANCE OF SACRAMENTO
Father and Son 31'et After Iwnty-two
Tnir.t' Separation.
SACRAMENTO, Cal, Dec. 26.— G. M.
Dulany, a wealthy citizen cf Moberly, Mo.,
has been in tbe city for several days seek
ing tidings of his son, G. W. Duiany. wno
left home twenty-two years ago and came
to •"alifornia.
Yesterday morning father and son met
at the Western Hotel and an affecting
i-cene foilcweJ. Tlie father i? 70 years old
and the son about 45. Th*» younger Du
lany was evidently in poor circumstances,
his clothing being in tatters. When ho
left home liis father was poor, but fortune
has bince smiied upon him. Father and
son will shortly return to Missouri.
Santa Barbara, Socialism.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. Dec. 26.—
This city, which gave birth to the new so
cialistic labor party on November 21 last,
may well ba proud of its offspring.
Among the last speakers to address this
thriving organization, composed of rich
and poor, was Harold Sidebotham, a
wealthy eentieman of Montecito, who
read a lengthy paper on "The Survival of
the Fitte>t." He was ably answered this
evening by 11. J. Weeks, a political econo
mist of Santa Barbara. Mr. Weeks com
pared the survival* of-tlie- latest theory to
the inhabitants of the South Sea Islands,
who killed and cooked their capiivca of
tbe weaker tribes.
Santa Cruz Water Finht.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 26.— Grover &
Co. to-day filed a petition for a permanent
order of the Superior Court to restrain tbe
F. A. Hihn Com pany from diverting the
waters of Bates Creek. The defendant is
charged w:th diverting the water, pre
sumably for irrigation purposes, on Soquel
Augmentation Rancho. thereby rendering
useless the Grover Sawmill. La*t week
the Hilin Company tiled a suit for $2000
damages against Grover & Co., for ob
structing the creek. To-d;ty's suit is for
purpose of getting & judiei.il deci»ion as to
the right* 01 the contending parties to the
use of the waters of the creek.
Sacramento Thief Caught.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 26.— C. H.
Waisou was arrested here to-day and
charged with having robbed a number of
rooms in several liotels in the city. Much
of the plunue." has been recovered from
pawnshops, and Watson, who claims to
be a resident of Pittsburg, P;i., was iden
t.fied ss tlie man wiio pawned them. The
police bji'ieve he is a noi«-d Eastern hotel
crook, who is wanted at Philadelphia and
elsewhere.
Snntn Crux Contest Decided.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Dec. 26.— 1n the
election contest of H. G. Insel vs. John
S. Collins for Supervisor of District No. 1,
Santa Cruz County, judgment was ren
dered for defendant, Collir.s. The recount
snowed 307 votes ior Coilina, 302 :or Insei
and 276 for Baird. No evidence of fraud
was found, and the original figures were
changed by but two votes — in favor oi
lusel.
St. Xoiiis l*oolroonts tialfied.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 26.— A1l the pool
rooms in town were raided by the policf
this afternoon and the proprietors and
employes locked up. Since tlie recent de
cision by the State SuDreme Court upon a
test case that the anti-poolroom law was
unconstitutional, the layers of odds have
flourished as never before. An unr^pealed
and forgotten law was found, however,
that the State relies upon for conviction.
Ti.e wagon-loads of pencilers were bailed
out promptly by a local politician. They
will resume business Monday and again be
arrested.
Failure of a Coal Company.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 26.— The Co
lumbus and Hocking Coal Mining Com
pany, which escaped the hands of a
receiver last summer whea it was hard
pressed by tne holder of its bonds — tne
Astor Estate — went into the hands of
Jay O. Moss as its receiver, on appoint
ment by Judge J). C. Badger of tne Com
mon Pleas Court here this afternoon.
Moss is the president of the Moss Na
tional Bank of Sandusky and also of the
insolvent company.
Trouble in the Liitnbtr Catnpt,
LITTLE ROCK, Ar.K., Dec. 26.— Brief
particulars of further trouble in the
lumber camps of Lafayette county are
had here to-day. It is to the effect that
the negroes and whites emp!o}'ed in two
lumber camps near Cantield tilled up with
whisKy yesterday and then went in search
of each oti.er's trore. Ftvernl ar° reported
seriously wounded. The Sheriff has left
for the scene of the .rouble.
miners Will J.eturn to Work.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Dec. 26 —The miners
of the Belleville, 111., district who have
been on a strike for eijrht days for an in
crease from So to 40 cents, decided to-day
to return to v.-ork at the old wages. This
decision was preceded by the apointment
of a committee to present the matter to
the State board of arbitration for final
decision. About 1200 men are involved.
Jtfme. lUilme in " tJarmen."
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— "Carmen"
was given to a large Christmas-night audi
ence last evening. Mme. Calve appearing
in tnc title role. There is really notning
to be atlded to the encomiums that have
been heaped upon this charming artist
for her peerless presentation of the heroine
of Bizet's masterpiece, vocally and dra
matically.
Heath of Judge Kerr.
ST. PAUL, Mi.nn., Dec. 26.— Charles D.
Kerr, Judge of the Fourth Minnesota Dis
trict, died last evening at San Antonio,
Tex., of brain trouble. Judu;e Kerr had
been active in public life me past thirty
five years. He was horn September 9,
1835. His death was sudden, as he only
reached San Antonio from St. Faul on
Thursday.
A Schooner Ooes Athorr.
PORTLAND, Me., Dec. 26. — The
schooner Kobert Inclee Carter of Newport,
R. 1., and Cape Town, from Perth Am boy
ior this port with coal, went a-imre at
daylight tliis morning on Aidens Rock,
off Cape Elizabth. The crew was taken off
by the life-saving men.
Atii-yuni"n! of a ItitnUer.
WALKERTON, Out., Dec. 26— F. X.
Jiessner, a private banker, assigned to
day. Liabilities $30,000; assets, $40,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
SCHWEIZER WANTS
AN OPEN INQUIRY
The Accused Fresnoite Asks
That He Be Arrested
Immediately.
Eager to Prove H s Innocence
of Detective Harrison's
Charges.
Grand Jury Wil Determine Whether
He Sought to Purchase
Murder.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 26.— The Grand
Jury will reconvene on Monday and take
up the investigation of the case of Charles
A. Schw^izsr, whom certain persons charge
with having hired a man to kill Solomon
Lehmann last summer. The whole case
is shrouded in mystery, but most people
are inclined to give Schweizer the benefit
of the doubt, owing to his hitherto unas
sailable reputation. An unusual amount
of interest is being taken, and every Fres
noite will anxiously wait to see what the
Grnnd Jury will do.
When The Call of Thursday morning,
containing a full account of the evidence
against Schweiz?r which had been sub
mitted to the District Attorney's office,
was received Thursday evening Mr.
Schweizer immediately penned a letter to
District Attorney Snow demanding that
he be arrested forthwith, so that he could
have an opportunity to viniicate himself.
He also demanded that iho investigation
be held not behind ihe closed doors of the
Grand Jury room, bnt in open court. Mr.
Snow paid no attention to the letter, and
stated to-day that he would lay the case
before the Grand Jury, as ha believed ihat
it came directly within the scope of the
work of that body.
T. de Marais, who is being prominently
connected with the case as the District
Attorney's principal informer, appeared
in the city to-day for the first time since
the charges against Schweizer have been
made public. He is plowing on a ranch,
which he has rented near Fowler, and has
lemained quietly there for some time.
When approached by a Call correspond
ent to-day and asked concerning his con
nection with the Schweizer case he be
came very nervous and refused to talk.
When asked concerning the report that
he murdered a business partner in the
mountains a few years ano he blurted out
that the man was now alive in Mexico.
John Harrison, the detective who
woiked up the sensation, has gone to San
Jose to spend the holidaj's with his fam
ily. He resolutely denies that he is en
gaged in a blackmailing scheme.
FIRE SEAR FOULER.
The Former Residence of I*. W. Park
hurat Destroyed.
FRESNO. Cal., Dec. 26— former
residence of D. W. Park-hurst, situated a
quarter of a mile east of Fowler and ten
miles south ol this city, was destroyed by
lire yesterday morning. The total loss
was in the neighborhood of f 10,000. and
the insurance amounts to about $6500.
The residence was one of the finest in tne
county, and was built five years ago by
Mr. Parkhurat at a cos lof $800). He has
since goi.e through insolvency, and it had
passed into the ownership of the Bank of
California of San Francisco.
How the fire started is a mystery, and a
suspicion or incendiarism is entertained.
The residence was occupied by Judge A.
Albrecht and family. They were awakened
by the smoke barely in "time to escape
with their lives. 1 lie flames broke out in
a room formerly occupied by Mr. Park
i hurst as a business office, but" there had
been no fire in that quarter the day before.
SANTA CLAUS IS FLAMES.
Badly Burned While Officiating at a
Fr**no Schoolhouie.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 26.— George Brown
was seriously burned while acting as santa
Claus at a Christmas celebration at the
Round Mountain schoolhouse last evening.
He appeared in the regular make-up of
the snow-covered traveler, and the cotton
flakes were ignited by a candle on the tree
from which he was picking the presents
for the children. In an instant his
clothing was in flames.
Brown dashed down the aisle toward
the door and caused a stampede. Men,
women and children were thrown into a I
state of pandemonium. Many jumped
through the windows, taking panes, sash
and all with them. Several were seriously
cut. A number of men retained their
presence of mind, however, and smothered j
the flames on Brown with their coats. He
was badly burned, but i: is believed that
he will recover. He is a teamster.
LAY CLAIM TO A RIVER.
Henry Miller and the Lux Heirs Propose
to Divert the Waters of the
San Joaquin.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 26.— The San Joa
quin and Kings River Canal and Irriga
linn Company by its presiden;, Henry
Miller, to-day filed with County Recorder
Machen a claim on the water flowing in
the San Jo.'.quin River and the Fresno
Slouch in this county at a point just below
their junction, to the extent of 30,000
inches, measured under a four-inch pres
sure. At this point the company pro
poses to divert the water and convey it in
a canal in a northwesterly direction to
irrigate a vast area of land in the north
western portion of this county, and in the
western part of Merced.
This canal is to be eighty feet wide at
the bottom, with a slope of two to one,
and six feet deep. In its construction
there will be utilized a natural slough
which is about five miles long. There will
alao be utilized to carry the 30,000 inches
of water to the place of its intended use
an auxiliary canal for the whole or the
preater part of its length. This ditch will
be fifty feet wide at the bottom, with a
slope of two to one, and four feet deep.
The instrument riled yesterday with the
County Recorder states that "the puruoses
for which the San Joaquin and Kings
River Canal and Irrigation Company
claim said water are for "mechanical pur
poses, for watering stock and for irrigat
ing lands; it is to be ined on all the lands
which he north and ea3t of the line of the
above described canals and wh'ch lie south
and west of the San Joaquin River."
This great enterprise is being promoted
by Henry Miller and the managers of the
Lux estate. They own most of the land
which will be benefited. Miller and the
Lux heirs at present have a suit pending
In tne Superior Court of this county
against the Fresno Flume and Irrigation
Company to enjoin it from diverting
water from Stephenson Creek for its reser
voir at the dam on Pine Ridge. Stephen
son Creek is an importnnt tributary of the
San Joaquin, and the Miller and Lux peo
pie practically claim that they own the
whole river system, and as riparianisls
have a right to the waters of Stephenson
Creek prior to that of the flume company.
Rupert bentenced to I'ri.ion.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 26.— George Ru
pert, politician and saloon-keeper, who
has been in business in this city for many
years, was to-day sentenced by Justice
Austin to serve six months in the County
Jail for making an unprovoked attack on
a drunken Mexican in his saloon a few
days ago. Rupert will appeal to the Su
perior Court. It is understood that Rupert
sent friends to Judg? Austin to intercede
for him, which aroused the court's wrath.
ONE OF THE BACKERS LEFT OUT.
Peculiar and Interesting Complications
Grow Out of Bryan's Lectunug
Schems.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dsc. 27.— The
Journal this morning prints a story of
William J. Bryan's sudden Change of
managers in connection with his lectures.
It runs as follows:
John Roach of this city conceived the
idea that Bryan would be a star lecture
attraction and mentioned his idea
to E. V. Foote, who was formerly a
partner of E. S. Stokes in the Hoff
man House. Footo was greatly taken
with this plan and volunteered
to cet a backer for the enterprise. He
mentioned the name of Passenger Agent
Mcßee of the Southern Rail.way, who is
stationed at Norfolk, Va., and Mcßee
agreed to furnish the caoital, being well
acquainted with Foote and Roach.
The selection of an experienced theat
rical man was necessary and Alex Com
stock was selected. Comstock telegraphed
an offer to Mr. Bryan at Lincoln, setting
forth an agreement to pay him $1000 a
lecture for a series of fifty lectures.
After Mr. Bryan's guarantee was paid
the profits of the concern wero to be di
vided as follows: One-half to Mcßee,
who furnished the money; one- half to
Comstock, who contributed the experi
ence, and one-half of Comstock's half to
Roich, who was the owner of the idea.
Mcßee and Comsiock went to Atlanta,
Comstock traveling on money furnished
by Roach. It was agreed that tho three-
Roach, Comstock and Mcßee — were to
meet in Lincoln to close up the contract
with Mr. Bryan.
Roach had a provisional agreement
with Mcßee and Comstock that, if the
plan went through, his name was to be
featured on the bills. He was very par
ticular about this.
Mcßee and Comstock arrived in Lincoln
before Roach got there. They closed their
contract wiih Mr. Bryan and Mcßee de
posited $10,000 in the Lincoln National
Bank to bind the agreement, while Mr.
Roach was somewhere in Illinois.
The morning after the contract was
signed Roach bought a newspaper on the
train, and the first hem that met his eyes
was ihe slor? of it. He saw that Com
stock had ignored him entirely, and, as he
thought of other men getting the benefit
of his idea, he grew exceedingly angry.
When he arrived in Lincoln a few hours
later he made baste to find Mcßee and
Comstock. They were just getting aboard
an eastbound train and lioach got on the
same train. After a short and heated ar
gument Roach swuns his right arm and
lauded his fist with great force en Com
stock's jaw.
While he was getting his hand straight
ened out for another blow ComstooK re
treated to the smoking-car and Mcßee
mede soothing attempts to moliify Roach.
The latter wanted to break up the
whole agreement right there, but he was
persuaded to wait until a satisfactory nr
rangement couiu bo made. On this the
trio parted, Mcßee and Comstock going
to Atlanta and Roach returning to New
York.
Affairs in tho direction of a satisfactory
agreement did not progress rapidly.
Ronch insisted on getting his one-half of
Comstock's one-half profits.
Down in Atlanta, Comstock was making
dates for Mr. Bryan all over the country,
asking guarantees as high as $3500 from
the managers of opera-houses and lyceum
bureaus.
He got big guarantees or he would not
close a date, and the more profits he saw
in sight tbe less he felt like delivering up
half of his share to Roach.
Roach's anger was smouldering. He in
sisied on his share as originally agreed
uro". and when Mr. Bryan delivered his
opening lecture in Atlanta, Roach went on
there.
Mr. Bryan lectured to a full house in a
theater at Atlanta that figured up $23C0
at the recular prices of admission when
every seat is occupied, although Mr. Cora
slock's box-office returns showed but.
$1500 'in the house. Rouch stormed
around and finally went to Mr. Bryan and
told his story.
The revelation was a shock to Mr. Bryan,
but he was under contract. He talked
the matter over with Mcßee and Roach
and Comstcck, but the three could not
come to an agreement and Mr. Bryan
finally decided to continue the now man
agement of H. Briges & Co.
Shot /'nrini/ a Itanee.
DONIPHAN. Mo., Dec. 26.— At a dance
at the opera-house early this morning
William Burge, while intoxicated, in
sulted a woman and a general fight en
sued. Burpe drew a pistol and fired five
shotc, instantly killing Elijah Cotton, n
bystander, and fatally wounding James E.
Bell. Burge, who is the son. of a minister,
is under arrest.
Belonged From Hnllotony fall.
LONDON, Eno., Dec 26.— Colonel H. F.
White and Colonel Gray, who together
with Dr. Jameson, Sir John Willoughby
and Major R.White were convicted of par
ticipation in the raid led by Jameson to
the Transvaal in December, 1895, were re
leased from Holloway jail this morning,
their sentences of hve months each having
expired.
Commercial 'Traveler*' fair.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26 —The Com
mercial Travelers' fair at Madison-square
Garden closed thi3 evening. About
$1.5,000 was cleared.
TT'S ALL JAW. DON'T LET THE
druggist compel you to take a substi-
tutes for Joy's Vegetable fSarsaparilla.
This remedy is good for the blood, for the
liver— kidneys and bowels. Insist on get-
ting what you ask for, and get Joy's—
every time.
THE EMP:)KIUM. | THE EM! ORTUM. | TDK EMPORIUM.
<» The Emporium
- \*UyJ ~^ &£*S^l San Francisco, Dec. 27, 1896. .
> 7 . -*^-^sk)%^ C The closing season of the year finds the
.v S r V^VjSP^fS World's Grandest Shopping Place firmly es-
Vs ==r£^4; V ' o ' tablished in the esteem and confidence of the
iwllvS\i^l For two weeks preceding Christmas ; an
J& t^^^ V^:" : average of more than 50,000 people daily
?2A : v*x 4^^)Hfs' visited the store, and a force of nearly 1500
' >; §mL**£B&v * ; %/f^S employes was required to handle the busi-
y^s£f ness that this vast throng of shoppers so
>?P^^V^lk y^^^i liberally bestowed upon us.
N^^r?/^ N 1 ' : 's%*i\ '^ "^ We thank Y ou for the munificent sup-
/ Wo<r/ " W v 5 V port you have given to this great California
# \A "'''% \jo^ M enterprise, and. in the savings that we shall
ft -^X, h[ <toCik a make for our patrons during the coming
• 1 PV^N 1 ' JANUARY SALES we
/^ ■• > f » A, <% **" v \ *> shall endeavor to show . 3/if
t( i(C X '• "^ '' * our appreciation in aX? v •
illfi^A « "T " more substantial man- WIMUOt£U//C
y^ ' < % ner. 1^.11.^ —
An After-Christmas Offer
£\ DO FOR ANY SUIT, OVERCOAT OR ULSTER. VALUES lIP TO $15.00. This offer is
%l^ 3^i»^J^J made to make what is usually the dullest week in the year in the clothing busi-
C,nP.V^y ' "■ "' " ' ; ness one of the liveliest this department of our store has ever known. To
humbug buyers with unserviceable goods at seemingly low prices appears to
be a business rule with some clothing firms. We offer at the same prices, perhaps less
SERVICEABLE QUALITIES, LEADING STYLES, HONEST WORKMANSHIP.
If you are in. any way dissatisfied with your purchase and no special alterations
have been made your money will be refunded without question.
f~ ~\ Nearly iooo Men's $15 Suits
# Nearly iooo Men's $15 Suits /f%
— sack and cutaway styles — /if!
beautifully tailored — made of j ///
good cheviots and tweeds — in Vjjj /^^\
j ? black, gray^ or tan effects, for /^jj f ®ja
one week at the unparalleled \j[ jfj* W
: C~S^U'/ H// \ Men's Si 5 Kersey and Wor- V^_^^i ,* joo ft \
X. ijL Wll t^A sted Overcoats, cut in the me- y^ ji i 1 \
V^'V'y l|f| \ \ dium length — 44 inches long — I |*P O 1 ,J^S
If mi \ \ • colors black, blue or gray, wide J I V "j
II 111 — V 111 "^fH V^L velvet collars, stout Italian cloth c-, 0 o\f- /
1 7 I/ iJ 11 1 jtJ \Tv) linings, handsomely tailored, ' ■JO ' csV /
// II J\\\ /I yf perfect fit guaranteed, for one F==? §^Tm
-->! lii *// Between 1 400 and 1 500 Men's :^^^l &)
Jo!!! / iHi // Ulsters of All-Wool Vicunas and 111111 j W
'^JiUS ' $HS // Cheviots, plain colors and plaid lli!l$£ '
■ / /Wl // effects, lined with fancy flan- lJ^^^^^ > /
■MSB/ / W ( / nels, extra long, high storm col- '^^^^Tl/" 1/
Wfiwff I I \ -m J ■ ' ars - One week only at nßjnffl \ rN(
SPECIAL SALE
BEDDING.
To liven up business this
after-Christmas week we
make some big. reductions
that will bring us the trade of
every economical housekeeper
in need of BED FURNISH-
INGS. ___
Comforts.
140 COMFORTS, handsomely covered-
filled with pure white carded cotton. Re-
duced from $3 each t0............ &*} j-/\
107 Very Fine Grade COMFORTS—
French sateen covering in plain and
Persian patterns. Reduced from 4^-3 e/\
$4.50 t0................................ \p-D»*J\J
Blankets.
200 pairs of the EMPORIUM special
BLANKETS— 90 per cent wool— size 66
by 80 inches— regular at $5.500Aff
per pair. ■' Special f0r~..V.:.:....^ MKJ»?f 3
175 pairs Fine California Wool BLAN-
KETS— size 72x84. Reduced q>£i f|A
from $7.50 per pair t0............ V"iUv
Quilts.
150 Full-sized Crochet QUILTS—
seilles hemmed— ready for use
—worth $1.25 each...............:..... Qftr
140 Full-sized Crochet QUlLTS— Mar-
seilles patterns— extra heavy— ; for
use — hemmed — worth ' $1.65 £| <% s
each .......;...........,.;. .A.: ...
260 Satin Finish QUILTS — made to
order expressly : for the EMPORIUM—
extra V large — elaborate patterns — good
value for $4. Special price this fl»rfc «y e
week q>^./3
Hemmed Pillow Gases
PILLOW CASES^in good quality of
muslin— size 45 by 36. Special jA_
price, each«.v..v.;.......U^...^...^.;..i."v1*
Extra quality PILLOW CASES— size 50
by 36. Special price, each............ »m
Very Superior Quality PILLOW CASES
54 by 36. Special price, each...... ""IT I **:
1 'a**
Hemmed Sheets.
HEMMED SHEETS— Good quality
muslin — size 81 by i 90. Special k/|^.
price, each.".....-............. ..i.........^"^»
HEMMED SHEETS— superior quality of
muslin — size 90 by 90. Special go.
price, each CJOL
, : . ................................. .^
JL / $18 JACKET FOR
.- ■ Sixty-five only of these
f& : JACKETS on sale to%iorrow,
' beginning, at 9 A. M. Only
§ one to a customer. of these
£ JACKETS on sale to^norrow,
beginning at 9 A. M. Only
one to a customer. Made of
v handsome two-toned Boucle,
lined throughout with good
.^MB)f';-' ; silk - -
$j^~?r^>k> Suit and Cloak Department,
second floor, front.
Special Sale of
Eider Down Flannel.
100 pieces of Fancy Striped j
EIDER DOWN FLANNEL, a!
superior quality, and very
choice colorings, worth 50c a
j yard. Will be placed on sale
to-morrow and until sold at
38c.
140 pieces Plaid and Striped i
EIDER DOWN FLANNEL, |
choice designs, sol 1 regularly
at 75c a yard. Will be placed
on sale to-morrow and until
sold 60c.
Savings On Very few of the arti-
P . dcs that are sold in
UrOCßfieS. our ideal Grocery
Department but what you can make
a saving on over the next lowest prices
in town. Read these sample prices;
Port Costa and Sperry's El Capitan
FLOUR, 50-lb sack $1.10
(This is from 15c to 20c be-
low what you are paying).
SUGAR— Fine, dry granulated,
21 Ib? $1-00
WALNUT S— Standard, good and
sweet 5c Ib
MACARONI — 10-lb box (boxes
are full) 45c
RAISINS— Fancy Cluster, at half
price lOc Ib
WHITE FIGS— 3-lb box, fancy....
25c Box
CORN MEAL— White or Yellow,
10-lb Sack (Regular price 30c)..20c
Concentrated TOMATOES, Golden
Pheasant brand, regular price 2
cans 2<;c. Our price 5c Can
CHEESE— Genuine Eastern Cream
lOclb
French SARDINES— In pure Olive
Oil, 3 cans 25c
T E A— EMPORIUM Blend No. 1,
none so good elsewhere for 50c.
Our price 30c Ib
Soda CRACKERS-A. B. C,
4 lbs 25c
COFFEE--EMPORIU M Blend 15c Ib
APRICOTS-Fancy dried lOc Ib
PEACHES— Fancy peeled !0c Ib
Hauswaldt's Vigor CHOCOLATE,
imported, 2 cakes 25c I
Special Sale A specia pur-
i:V. A |»» mf . chase of LINO-
Linoleums. leums, which
has just arrived from a manufacturer
who was "pinched" for money, en-
ables us to place at your disposal the
newest and most artistic designs at
: about ONE-THIRD LESS than the
ordinary prices.
Scotch LINOLEUM, 2 yards wide,
always 45c the v square yard, cut and
laid on your floor at the very special
price 0f................' ........33c
English LINOLEUM, 4 yards wide,
wide enough to cover any ordinary
room in one piece. Instead of 65c
a yard....:.... '.. ...... ..50c
Extra Heavy LINOLEUM, the best
that can be produced at any price,
cut and laid on your floor at 75c
" Two
Specials
• . • iii • • •
MEN'S
UNDERWEAR.
- Royal Derby
- ■ ~KT^ ' ■ ■ Ribbed ;
r = r; Underwear
J -Z5 „ for, men, .
-AJa^_ non-shrinkable,
•SZ L winter weight,
\\ \\ I \ all sizes,
I ' •ws' A^\ extra length,
In* * If ■) in gray only.
l/r^iSv^ 95c.
$ \ / Australian
\ $f -v Lamb's Wool
A , \:- Underwear .
\ 1 V for men,
fly In select colors,
I I • extra-well
\ \ finished,
V. - | (1 , ' ■' ■ all sizes.
v.; jL ■■ R-» Per ". garment, .
c£* $1.45.
56
MISSING MAN
FOUND AND LOST
C. H. Lord, a Millionaire
Merchant of Minneap
olis, Heard Of.
He Was Found Wandering
Around the Donohoe Build
ing by a Policeman.
Was Detained In the Receiving Hos.
pital for Som-' Hours and
Then Discharged.
C. H. Lord, the millionaire merchant
from Minneapolis who disappeared from
the Palace Hotel several days ago and
eluded the vigilance of the police, has been
heard of.
He is troubled with amnes'a, a cerebral
disease, in which the patient substitute;
wrong words or names in place of those
he wisiios to employ.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning
Poiiceman T. B. Gibson saw a man acting
queeMy around the Donohoe building on
M:i:k>.'t and Taylor streets. Thinking
that he might be a burglar Gibson accosted
him and at once saw that there was some
tiling wrong with him as he d"id not
appear to be able to answer any quest:ons.
Gibson took him to tbe City Prison and
when he was searched a gold watch and
chain, a diamond rin^, a draft for $16(J 07
aud another for $306 44, payable to his
order, were found upon him. He was then
taten to the Rcceivin. Hospital and ques
tioned by the doctors, but he could not
coiiect his thoughts and was given a bed
till the mornrng.
He appeared to have somewhat recov
ered yesterday morning, aiid as he was
anxious to get away and the hospital
attaches had no autuority to detain him
he v:as discharged about half past 10
o'clock.
He went to th<? Property Clerk's office
and got his watch and chain and other
property. Since then no trace of him
has been found. Detective Ross Whit
tuker is on the case and it is expected
that he will soon be able to locate him.
His brother, F. J. Lord, arrived in the
City from Denver, Colo., y.sterday morn
ing and is stopping at tln-'rJaldwin Hotel.
Yesterday afternoon he called at police
headquarters for information about his
brother and was informed that a man
bearing tnat name had been taken to the
City Prison yesterday morning and thn
to the hospital, but had been discharged.
If a description of the mi-sing man
had been read to the watches every po
liceman would have known it, and when
Gibson discovered him all anxiety about
him would have been at an end.
F. J. Lord, the brother of the missing
man, said last ni^'ht that his brother was
demented, having become so while cross
ing the range to this coast.
He topped over at Fresno and sanan
dered all his means there. Mr. Lord was
anxious to prevent any unnecessary no
toriety and seemed confident that he
would soon recover h s brother. The
missing man is about 48 years old.
GLUE WORKS IN ASHES.
Martin Holge's Establishment in
South San Francisco
Destroyed.
Henry Hoi ier, an Emp'oye, Was
Cremattd in the G owing Ruins.
$40,000 Lo s.
The California Glue Works, owned by
Martin Ho ge. Fifth avenue and Q street,
were completely destroyed by tire last,
nicht, and it is ascertained that Henry
Holiier, an empio3'e, was cremated by
the flames.
The fire was first seen breaking through
the roof of the establishment at 10:30
o'clock. An alarm was sounded through
box but when the department arrived
the entire building was a mass of raging
flames.
It was useless to turn a stream of water
on the doomed structure, but nevertheless
it was done. The majority of the engines,
however, confined attention to surround
ing propeities in order to prevent a
general conflagration, and the fire was
kept from sprealinc.
At midni lit the lhimes were under con
trol, there being hardly any of the wooden
portion of t.o building left for them to
feed upon and the smoldering ruins were
drencheJ until the last spark was ex
tinguished.
The loss was estimated at $40,000, be
lieved to be all covered by insurance.
About half an hour preceding the break
ing out of the lire Holiier, who supposedly
Jo^t his life, was teen inauazed condi
tion stajrgerir.R toward the glue works.
He septs ept in a small ante-room attached
to the bui!( J .in<r, and it is thought tliat he
was on his way to bed. These fr.cts were
reported to the police after the flame* had
been extinguished and a search was insti
tuted.
The looked-for man, however, was not
in or around His usual haunts ant the
police and fire official* reached a conclu
sion that he hail been cremated.
Later the body was discovered and
taken to the Morgue.
Herring Flthimj a Failure.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 26.— The
winter berrins fishery is a total failure all
around Fortune Bay. All the fishing
schooners whicli were waiting there hop
ing to secure cargoes have abandoned the
place and sailed for Piacentia Bay. All
seine masters have given up tneir
voyages. This is the second year in suc
cession that the herring fishery bas failed
at Fortune Bay. The result moans star
vation to thousands of people because
the herring industry is the only possible
occupation of the residents during the
winter months. The Government will
have to help relieve the suffering.
Yl<it of Prominent I'relattt.
WORCESTER, Mass., Dec. 26.— His
Grace Archbishop Martineili, apostolic
delegate to the United States, accom
panied by his secretary, Right Rpv. Mgr.
Sbaretti, D.D., Very Rev. P. J. Garridan,
vice-rector of the Catholic University at
Washington, and Rev. John Con way oi
Georgetown College, arrived here this
eye n ing.
The r.url.-.rrs at the EanqurU
BOSTON, Mass.. Dec. l 2G.— General and
Mrs. Simon L>. Buckner were guests at the
annual banquet of the New England Free
Trade League this evening. The event
.was celebrated at the Hotel Brunswick
and the occasion was uruced by the ] rus
e-nee of a large number of the wives and
fair companions of the members.
Jtohlied and Fatally Henten.
ERIE, Ija.,1 j a., Dec. 2fi.— Roscoe Fin ley, the
Tax Collector of Greenlield Township,
p]rie County, was robbed, beaten into in
sensibility last night and placed in his
burning barn, from which he was rescued
by a neighbor. He is *o seriously hurt
that his recovery is uncertain.
Enter* the Clenrtn-j- Tloutc.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 26.— The St. Louis
United States Sub-Treasury w.ll on Janu
ary 3 become a member of the local clear
ing-house association. Thi^ step bas the
approval of Secretary Carlisle and will
render unnecessary the transfer of about
$100,000,000 between tne banks and the
Sub-Treasury per annum.
Deed* of a Lunatic.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— Max
Becker, a waiter, this afternoon BtiOt and
killed his wife, Emma, and then shot and
killed himself in their apartments. The
shooting was committed in a tit of insan
ity, Becker having been confined on one
or two occasions in an asylum.
Fatal Flood* in Jatnniea.
NEW YORK, N. Y r ., Dec. 23.-The Her
ald's special cable from Kingston, Jamaica,
&ays: Disastrous floods hava occurred in
Montserrat. It is reported here that no
less than seventy-five iives were lost in the
storm and floods. Many houses and
bridges were destroyed.
JHurderefl bij Miner*.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Dec. 26.— Patrick
Carney, a union miner returning with
bis wife from a Christmas festival at 3:30
this mornin ■, was shot dead at his door
srfep by four Missouri non-union miners,
jrae four men were arrested.
Confessed <i Judgment.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 2*l.— George
Heather, dealer n dry goods under the
name of Heather it Co., to-day cor. fessed
judgment for $22,883. The liabilities are
$50,000, nominal assets fIO.UOO and actual
assets £30,000.
Exports of Specie.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 26.— The ex
ports of specie from the port of New York
for the week were $880,008, of which
$7S6,SOtj was silver and $1440 gold went to
Europe am $b2,500 gold and J22.262 silver
to South American ports.
RESTAURANTS INCREASING
>>'uinl>er in Sew York gaid to Be 25 Per
Cent Greater Than a Year Ago
On January last there were, it was esti
mated, 1000 restaurants of all grades and
varieties in New Y T ork City. There were
at that time 362 ho els, each with a restau
rant attachment, and there were in addi- j
tion 349 restaurants licensed to sell liquors I
with meals. This included the table
d'hote restaurants, but not the dairies or
the temperance res'aurants, which two
clas-es added, brought up the total to about |
1000. In every pan of New York of late, ,
and more especially s mcc October 1, res- j
taurants have been starting up. and any j
one who has gone a^on-: a New York thor- [
oug fare with his eyes open has observed ;
at sundry points such signs as tnese: "New j
restaurant will open in a few doys," '
"Closed for repairs; will open as a rastao- !
rant next week," and "When alterations !
are completed will open as a restaurant." .
There are now, it is computed, at least I
1250 restaurants of ali kinds in New York i
— 25 per cent more «han the number at the I
beginning of the year. What is the cause j
of the increase? This is a question which j
has been frequently asked during the last '
few days, and there appears to be no satis
factory answer to it. Real estate agents
report an increased demand for stores for
restaurant purposes, but the reason of such
increased demand they do not give. The
sudden increase in the number of cheap
restaurants in New York seems to be the |
more surprising because of the fart tbat \
through the hotel clause in the Raines j
liquor bill many saloons which did not
formerly do so now furnish sandwici.es—
Raines sandwiches —to their bibulous j
patrons. One reason offered in explana
tion of the increase is that many New I
York men and women rind it no longer
practicable to go home to meals. A more
plausibie explanation is found perhaps
that under the Raines law free lunches
have been done away with. Conseque ntiy,
former patrons of free lunches have turned
their attention to the regular restaurants
when tney are hungry. — New York Sun.
DON'T GO TO AFRICA.
Why "We Should Cultivate the Difficult
Art of Content.
A resident of Africa cordially advises
people to stay out of it. He says that
j yjrices are high, sickness frequent, sani-
t ary arrangements inadequate, liberty
j less than in our country, and altogether
j the inducements to emigration are
j small. It has been obvious for some time
I that the adventurous youth in our land
j does not better himself when he goes
I West, as Horace Greeley once advised all
I young men to do. There was a reason
I lor that advice when the Government had
land to give away and bsfore la:ge hold
ings were bou ht and grabbed up by cor
porations, but nowadays a man is likely to
; make at least as much money out of a
i larrri in this State as he is from one in
! Kansas, and while the mines; of the moun
i tain States do make fortunes for a few they
reduce many nio-e to poverty and the in
flnenee of their surroundings is unfor
tunr.te and immoral.
Wo Americans are a shifting, uneasy,
dissatisfied lot, and many of us go
through life alwava believing that if we
could be somewhere else or engaged in
some other calling we should make a lot
of money. A little patience, a little stick,
a little cultivation of the difficult art of
content, will produce surprising results.
If we cannot grow rich we can learn how to
do without riches, and thai 13 the next
best thing, or a better one. — Brooklyn
Eagle.
•—• — ♦ — •
The average height of Laplanders is
under five feet.
CHARLES ALBERT ADAMS.
Mr. Adams has been nominated for president of the Olympic Club Wheelmen.
The other nominations are: Vice-President, Douglass Wiiite; secretary, H. V. Scott;
treasurer, George H. Stratton; captain, H. D. Hadenfeldt; executive committee — John
F. McGlynu, Frank W. Fuller, Thomas Spillaue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
DR. SALFIELD
ADVISED FORCE
He Would Take Summary
Action on the Pest
house Site.
Improvement Cubs May Form
a Rival Company to
Spring Valley.
The Governor Asked to Intercede — A
Wordy Communication From
Mayor Sutro.
Notwithstanding the inclemency of the
weather about fifty members of the Pan
handle and Ashbury Heights Improve
ment Club congregated last night to dis
cuss the location of the Pesthoure in the
Alrnshouse truct, and oth-r matters.
The indignation of some present took
the form of such utterances as that the
location of the Pesthouse in the tract
mentioned should be resisted by force if
it came to th? worst, and that it was a
"most damnable outrage." Pre*iuent
Salneld, who had resigned the occu
pancy of the chair to Judge Ait
ken even told of the man who
Jived in Sunset District and had said that
lie "had laid in a good supply of kerosene
oil for the winter, as gas was so Imh
priced, and that if the Pesthouse was
iocuted in that region it might come in
handy. 1 '
Deeper in significance than this was a
resolution that a committee be appointed
to exploit the region of tiie Panhandle to
see if arte.-ian wells were a feasible propo
sition. In case the Pothouse is finally lo
cated on tiie Almshousp tract they intend
to use noil' 1 of the Lake Honiia water, but
contemplate starting an opposition to tbe
Spring Valley Water Company. Judge
Aitken at least explained this as the real
meaning of the resolution.
Judge John K. Aitken, as chairman of
the committee, reported thMt a meeting
had been held at room 51"), Parrott build
ing, and that the committee advised that
H street be opened from First avenue to
Stanyan street. The report also diluted
upon the benefits that would result from
such extension. It was adopted with no
dissentin'/ vote.
A resolution was also offered and
ndopted that the Park and Ocean Railroad
Company cea -e maintaining "those un
siehtly platforms and fences on the Stan
yan-street sidewalk near the Hai^ht-street
entrance to the park," and that no atten
tion be paid the request of the property
holders that the Board of Supervisors be
called upon to take action in the matter.
By resolution, also, the Park Commis
sioners were petitioned to light the streets
and Panhai'dle of the park with electric
lights of 2000 candle-power each. The
club put itself on record in opposition to
lii^nt produced by the vaporization of
kerosene oil and gasoline.
Then came the reading of the resolution
condemning the locating of the Pesthouse
on the Almshouse tract. Dr. Salfield
acted as reader.
The document was very' long. It re
cited the fact that at the meeting held on
beptember 1 weighty reasons were senv, to
the Board of Supervisors and the Board of
Health. Mayor Sutro and Governor Budd
why the location was undesirable; that
the Alnisbouse tract is almost the geo
graphical center of tne City, and that the
waters of Lake Honda, which supply
nearly fourths of the City, would
be in danger of contamination; that the
thickly settled districts of Ashbury Heights,
Sunset Heights, Stanyan-street Heights,
the park panhandle, the Western Addi
tion. Eureka Valley and the western por
tion of the Mission are in tne direct line of
the trade winds from the Almshouse tract,
and that the only convenient ground by
which the tract could be conveniently
reached by ambulance lay through the
park and close to the children's play
ground.
After stating that the representatives to
the. next Legislature bad been asked to
introduce a bill making the pesthouse a
State institution, inasmuch as it was
claimed it bad been used in the past by
many from the interior suffering with
various diseases, the resolutions were
reached.
They were to the effect that the presi
dent and secretary of the Association of
Clubs sign the resolutions and that a copy
be sent respectively to the Governor, the
Mayor, the Board of Supervisor? and the
Board of Health, and asking the Super
visors to rescind their resolution choosing
the Almshouse tract as the site of the
Pesthouse.
In speaking to the resolution, Dr. Sal
fiel'l characterized tne action of the Board
of Health as a "most damnable outrage,"
and said the people should use force to
prevent it. He explained that he spoke
for hinvelf and not for the club. He then
spoce of the keroene-otl proposition
made by somebody whom he said for ob
vious reasons he did not care to name.
In his opinion there were many small
peninsulas along the coast that were per
lect sites !or a pesthouse. and that if it
were made a State institution it might be
located in the hills of Contra Costa or San
Mateo counties. His remarks were heart
ily applauded.
Julius Frankel of (he Sunset District
spokp In the same strain and added that a
sewer three miles long opened upon the
sands near J street where the germs would
be carried on people's shoes all over the
City. He was also applauded.
A communication was received from
Mayor Sutro giving substantially the
ame objections to the location of the
pesthouse. It was brought forward by
Barna McKinne. It stated that the prop
erty whose value wouid be decreased by
such location was equal to $06,000,000. It
would be injured in hises:iir,ation at least
5 per cent, 01 to the amount of $480,000.
The communication was added to the
reso utions.
A resolution was here made — tbe most
important of the meeting — tbat a com
mittee of five bo apDoin ted to exploit the
territory of this district to make borines
for artesian well* anil canvaas for reser
voir sites. If feasible, the intention as ex
pressed by the resolution was to form a
company for that purpose.
It was adopted. As explained by Judge
John R. Aitken and Dr. Sulfieid, it meant
simply that the inhabitants of the district
will not use Spring Valley Water in case
the Pesthouse is located near Lake Honda,
but will start a rival company.
A Christmas Cantata.
A Christmas cantata, "St. Nicholas' Visit to
the School," will be given by the choir and
Sunday-school of the First Presbyterian
Church, in Union Square Hall, Tuesday even
ing, December 29. Queen w/ inter win reign,
and her attendants, the Four Winds, Snow,
Hail, Ice, Jack Frost and Aurora Borealts, will
be in subjection. The Storm King, Long Ago
and St. Nicholas will visit the queen.
To Address CommerciHl Men,
Rev. William Ruder of the Third Congrega
tional Church will address the commercial
travelers on Sunday evening, by invitation nf
the Christinn Endeavor State Union. There
will be a fine programme of Christmas music
by the chorus choir.
TRACKED A BEAR
TO ITS LAIR
Mark Strouse's Bruin Dis
covered Under Tallow
Works.
Two Men Make a Valiant
Attempt to Capture the
Brute.
The bear that escaped from the Bay City
Packing-house, San Bruno avenue, near
Cortland avenue, Thursday afternoon,
was discovered on Friday, but it is not yet
captured.
Instead of roaming round the outlying
districts of the Mission it crawled under
neath Barry's tallow works, about two
blocks from the packing-house, and has
remained there, refusing to budge.
Mark Strouse, the proprietor of the
packing-house, offered a reward for any
one tnat would capture the bear, dead or
alive, and several attempts were made
yesterday afternoon and last nigut, but
without success.
Charles Williams got a few glasses of
liquor under his belt last night and with
the assistance of Juan Alvarez, a vaquero,
and several dogs, he attempted to capture
the bear.
They crawled underneath the building
and the dogs made for the bear. As it
reared up Williams threw a lariat round
its neck, but in an instani the bear threw
it off. Four times the same process was
gone through, the bear getting madder
and madder all the time.
After the fourth attempt the bear had
got close to Williams and, rearing itself
on its haunches, it struck at him with
both of its paws, striking him on the fore
head and cneek, tearing them open. Wil
liams, with a yell, crawled hurriedly
away from the bear, and Alvarez was
foolish enough to crawl toward the bear
to find out what was the matter.
Alvarez soon found out. The b^ar
struck at nim and he had the presencejof
mind to throw his head back. The bear's
claws grazed his left cheek, leaving im
pressions as if some one had drawn a
sharp fork down nis cheek. He imme
diately crawled out alter Williams and
the bear was left in undisputed possession
of the basement of the tallow works.
Williams and Alvarez made their way
to the Receiving Hosp tal and Dr. Bon-
Deli attended to their injuries. Williams'
c eek wns swollen to twic> its natural size
and several stiches had to be put in the
wounds on his forehead and cheek. It
was a wonder his eye was not knocked out.
Both the amateur bear-hunters declared
that nothing in the world would tempt
them to try and capture a bear again in
similar circumstances.
TIP HATS TO THE FLAG.
A Naval Ceremony Ordered to Be
Adopted by the Army.
Army oflicers are not lacking in patriot
ism, perhaps, but they sometimes show a
disposition to resist manifestations of the
sentiment which would have a wholesome
effect if shown with a fair degree of ear
nestness. Secretary of War Larnont is
not an emotional person, as any of his
acquaintances will testify; but he has
some ideas about the service which highly
emotional men and women will share.
One of these has become a rule of the
army.
For ever so long, perhaps for as long as
there has been an army, it has been cus
tomary to fire a jrun at sunrise at all army
posts, have the flag run up by a sergeant,
and at nicht have it lowered again by a
soldier, and all was officially done for the
Hag of the United States that was consid
ered desirable to maintain regard for the
National symbol. In the navy, on
the contrary, "colors" has been and
is a ceremony reminding those oa
board ship of the fact that the
flag is a tiling to be treated with distin
guished respect when it is raised and low
ered. At c ght bells in the morniap on
boar 1 every ship in commission "colors"
summons officers and a marine guard, and
the band, tl there is one, to the quar er
deck, and the flag is run up to the sound
of a bar of "The- Star-spangled Banner,"
the officers standing at ealute until the
colors are in plane. At sunset the cere
mony is repeated, when the colors are
lowered. Jt is brief, but, very pretty, and
to the stranger to it an impressive pro
ceeding.
Secretary Lamont thought that there
was no good reason why the same cere
mony could not be adorned, with certain
modifications, lor the army, which is as
mucti in need of being reminded of the re
gard due to the flag as in the navy. O Idly
enough the proposition met with objec
tions from officers of the army, but they
did not strike the Secretary as convincing.
At all events, instead of permuting
the flag to be sent aloft every morn
ing with the mere salute of the morn
ing gun, which is touched off by a
soldierwithout company, except a com
rade or two, it is now the order that,
where there is a supply of music sufficient
to produce ''The Btar-spant:led Banner,"
the band shall turn out to play a bar of it
while the flag is being rnn up to the top
of the staff, and while it Is on its way the
guard and the officers who have turned
out to see tbat the ceremony in properly
performed thall stand at salnte. As on
board ship, the band is to render tne like
service at suneet when tne evening gun is
fired «nd the colors are lowered. — New
\ork Times.
.The Bavarians appeared, as a separate
people, in 630 A. D., when they are men
tioned as having been conquered by the
Franks.
A RAILROAD
WILL BE SOLD
Final Foreclosure of At
lantic & Pacific Mort
gages.
Judge Ross' Decree Will Throw
a Big Property On the
Market.
The Action Was by the United States
Trust Co. to Recover Debts
Long Overdue.
The decree of foreclosure and sale of
the Atlantic and Paciiic Kailroad made
recently by Judge Ross in Los Angeles
was riled in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday. This is an action in
equity brought by the United States
Trust Company against the Atlantic and
Pacific, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe, the St. Louis and San Francisco and
Aldace F. Walker and John J. McCook as
receivers of the St. Louis and San Fran
cisco and Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
and against the Boston Safe Deposit Com
pany, holder in trust of the secondary
mortgages of 18S0 and ISB7.
As all of the property of the defendants
does not lie within the jurisdiction of any
one United States Circuit Court it was
necessary to bring action in every district
in which the railroad owned property.
The Circuit Court of New Mexico was the
court of primary decree, and last April it
decreed the foreclosure and sale of the
property within its jurisdictions. Similar
decrees have been made in the Arizona
and northern and southern districts of
California. The sale will take piace in
Gallup. New Mexico. All of the legal pro
ceedings since the New Mexico decree
have been pro iorma.
Judge Ross in his decree tell 3 the his
tory of the defendant corporation, whicn
formed by an act of Congress in July,
18G6. On the 20th of April, 1871, Congress
authorized the corporation to mortgage its
Property and franchise, in order topro
core advances for the purpose of complet
ing the road. On July 1, 1830, the Atlantic
and Pacific, acting under the power given
it by Congress in 1871, issued bonds to the
amount of $Ui.o<JO,ooo, and secured the
debt thus contracted by a mortgage or
deed of trust of its franchise and all its
property. This is known as the Western
Division mortgage, and is a first lien upon
the property of the railroad. The deed
was delivered to the plaintiff, namely, the
United States Trust Company of" New
York, as trustee for the holders of the
bonds.
The bonds arc nearly all for $1000, bear
ing l> per Cent interest. Prior to the issu
ance of the bonds the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad had acquired con
trol of the Aiiantic and Pacific by pur
chase of the major portion of its capital
stock. The bonds were, in .'act, issued by
the two controlling corporations to raise
funds for the completion of the line from
Albuquerque to Needles. The Alchison,
TopeKa and Santa Fe and ti;e St. Louis
and San Francbco enterbd into a compact
with the Atlantic and Pacific and with
the complainant trustees, the United
States Trust Company of New YorK, by
which thvv agreed that if the earnings
from the Western Division should prove
insufficient to pay the coupons as they
matured they, the Atchison and Topeka
and the St. Louis and San Francisco,
would make good the deficit pro rata.
In I*Bo and 18S7 more bonds were issued
and mortgages given, but those liens
were secondary to the Western Division
mortgage. The G-per cent interest cou
pons became due in 1894-95-90, were not
paid, and the total interest unpaid now
amounts to ?2,(jti(i (ViG 66, less $83,823 50
paid to the trust company.
Jud^e Ros-i' decree orders the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad to pay the entire
amount of interest accrued, $2,582,843 16,
within thirty days from date. In deiault
of such payment the property of the At
lantic and Pacific will be sold to the high
est bidder.
LIKE A VOLCANIC BUBBLE.
An Extraordinary Frenk of Nature Scar
the Mexican City ofPucbla.
The Rev. F. S. Bortain of Puebla writes
as follows: "It may be of interest to some
of the readers of the Herald who visit
Puebla to know of one of the Jess visited
attractions in the vicinity of the City of
the Angels. I refer to the 'Coxcomate.'
It is about twenty minutes distant from
Pnebla ove^ the streetcar line :o Cftolula.
Any streetcar conductor can point it out
to the curiosity se«ker. It is to the right
of the car line, about 500 yards distant.
"It looks from the car window to be a
pile of white stones or a well-bleached
haystack. But upon closer inspection
proves to be a tumulus of white calcareous
stone, evidently of water formation, about
50 feet in height and 100 feet in diameter
at the base. The form is that of a trun
cated cone. At the apex is an cl iptical
shaped opening about twenty-five feet
alons the minor and iifty feet aluig the
major axis. It is a bell-shaped cavity, and
lined with ferns of various descriptions.
I should judge tne depth to be at least 100
feet, and at the bottom, so lar as is visible,
the opening must be sixty feet in diameter.
In tbe bottom, on one side, are to be seen
some gorgeous ferns, and on the other
side a pool of water.
"Tradition says that the ancient Aztecs
were accustomed to worship here the
genius of the spot, and occasionally threw
in a live victim to apptase his subterra
nean majesty. It is also said that a few
victims of the Inauisition were thrown
down here to reflect upon the controverted
points of doctrine. At all events it is a
most singular freak of nature, as it is in
the middle of a level plain, or rather a
barley tield. It looks to have been some
volcanic bubble, of which the great Mex
ican upland is so full, and is well worth a
visit on the part of the curious.
"Although I have inquired among my
Mexican friends, I have found no one who
could tell me of the meaning of the name
'Coxcomate.' "
LAYING IT LOW ON THE BOYS.
Strategy Used by Brooklyn Teachers
Aginii Pupils With Besnshooten.
Boys in Brooklyn public schools have
recently had a trying time. Every fall
when the leaves have dropped from tno
trees that line the city streets the young
sters have fur the time forgotten baseball
and marbles, and have turned to the de
lichts of peppering English sparrows with
beanshooters. There is a city ordinance
forbidding the practice, but the boys have
kept right on beanshooting. Teacuers
have told the boys not to shoot at the
birds. The boys remembered this about
as long as it took them to get out of doors.
Hence it was that there was a consensus
ot opinion at a meeting of the School
musters' Association recently that the
Doys must be disciplined.
The teachers have descended on the
boys and taken advantage of their guile
lessness in a way that is shocking. The
sc-ne? tbat have taken place have been
after this fashion :
Enter the principal; boys at their d-ks;
boys see the principal looking? sharply
about the schoolroom ; dead sileuc?, bro
ken by indications of intense application;
two pupils enter the room quietly.
The principal, pleasan Jy— Now, boy?,
in this basket that these boys have just
brought in is a lot of beanshooters. I had
to take them from the boss in the other
rooms. Now you must take your turn.
Ail come up here and take your shooters
out of your pockets.
While the principal is speaking there is
a simultaneous movement among the
boys, as thouirh they w- re taking some
thing from their pockets and stowing
them under their desks. So, when the
principal says: "I know you nave been
told that you must not kill birds — and you
probably haven't disobeyed — but I must
see what you have in your pockets," a
gleam of joy, qu:ckty suppressed, flashes
along the rows of boys, and then their
mouths distend in broad smiles. There is
a scramble to see who will be first to get
into line. They do not have to wait long
for operations to begin.
The next move of the principal is to rap
with his heel on the floor. The door opens
and two more stalwart boys appear. They
proceed without delay to the desks of the
boys, and extract therefrom about a peck
of beanshooters. The boys have Deen out
flanked.
In one school on the Park slope a bushel
of beanshooters was scooped from the
desks.— New York Sun.
The Humorist lias His Troubles.
How wretched it is to acquire the repu
tation of being a humorous writer.
Aside from the fact of always being sus
pected of turning everything you see into
ridicule, you are made the especial con
•ulanL of every body's "jokes."
At every social function you are ex
pected to entertain the assempled com
pany with a continuous flow of choice
witticism, and if you remain silent ior
three minutes you are asked if you l% :eel
sick."
Stories, so dry that if you were to bore a
hole in them with a gimlet sawdust would
surely come out, are inflicted upon you
with an air of I'il-s;ive-you-this-instead-$5.
And worst of all — even tht editors laugh
at your efforts to please them.— New York
World.
The Great and the Small.
These are the days when a woman gets
A poem of a bonnet;'
An epic ior the tlieater,
And for the street a sonnet.
—Detroit Tribune.
The most healthy places frequently have
the highest death rate, on account of the
large number of invalids that visit them.
NEW TO-DAT.
EXTRA
BIG
GiftS—Free! Free!
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
I LfiOj UUIfLLOj UriULdg
EXTRA BIG OFFER FOR CHRISTMAS.
YOUR. CSOICXi X*fLZ3£3:
1 Fance Boat, decorated. 3 «old Hand rlates. & 'W tiiskv Tumblers, ground bottom.
8 Ten Cups »nd Sa ncers. 1 Majol ica Cuspidor. 1 Fancy Mustache Cup and Sauoex.
1 .Large Majolica I'ncner. 6 Toothpick Holders. 4 Table Tumblers, engraved.
1 Fancy Ice Cream Dish. 1 Meat Dish, 10-lnch. 6 Handled .Lemonade classes,
• 3 Water Goblets, banded, 1 Fancy balad Dish. . 3 .Half-gallon Water Pitcher.
■ 1 Cuke Sand, crystal. ' Si Plates, fesiooned. 1 Chocolate Cup and Saucer.
.^ 1 Cheese Dish, crystal. 6 Lemonade Mugs. 1 Cake Plate, fancy china.
6 \v acer Goblets, plain. 4 Bouquet Holders. 1 Kerry liiiri. crysta', large.
1 Butter Dish, crystal. ' 1 Kebecca Tea Pot. '2 Fancy Cups an I i-aucera, A. D.
6 Claret Glasses, plain. 1 Decanter, r. :',;'. 1 Candlestick, bisque.
f> Comports, individual. 1 Oat Meal SeU 1 Bisque Hgure Lmticer.
4 Ale or Beer Glasses. 1 Milk bet. 1 Vase, fancy Bohemian.
1 Cake Basket, lancy. 1 Syrup Pitcher. 1 Scollop. 7-inch, decorated. 'm
1 Rose Bal. CBerr/ Dishes. 3 S-OJ]> Plates, decorated.
4 Champagne Glasses. 1 Celery Tray. . 6 f-ait or Pepper .-halters.
1 Bread and Milk 'Set. 3 Dinner Plates. 1 Veg«tKb'.e Dish, decorated.
2 Fancy Fruit Plates. 3 Oyster Bowls. A thousand o:her laucy Dishes of erery
1 Pitcher, decorated. 6 Fruit Saucer* description.
ONE iFTtEBES WITH ES^OIKC
ssT\ as Teas, Spices,
Baking Powders
Extra Double Presents Extra Double Tickets
THIS OFFER HOLDS GOOD UNTIL NEW YEAR.
■we: will &^ijlmTLm
CffIHAWABE, Crockery, Glassware
uSLT
Big Cut Prices i
Fancy Chinaware and Glassware
Tea, Chocolate, Coffee Cups, Fancy Plates, Berry Dishes
10, 12X, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 75c each.
Chocolate, Ice Cream, Berry, Lemonade and Water Sets
50, 65, 75, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 1.85, 1.95, 2.25, 2.50 per set.
China, Bisque, Fancy Vases, Figures and Ornaments
10, ■, 12% 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 60, 75, 1.00, 1.25 each.
CUSPIDORES— 20, 25, 35, 40, 50, 75c each.
Genuine Delft China
Trays, Olives, Butter . lates, Cups, Cream Pitchers, Salads, Plaques
15, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50, 60, 55, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50 each.
Tea Sets, complete for 12 persons
siffi.2- 25 b'«" 2- 75 ?S!Lib,.'3-5P Hjifo^ a 5-25
. * — ..: Decoration 77,
Dinner Sets complete for 6 persons
Pure <-> c;r) Pretty '■•'yi ~7 CZ Gold £> QO Superior /*VSO
White V^' OU Cray *L' /O Handle O"'^ 1 -' China M' o'*'0 '*'
'■.l^~f. Colors ' Trimmings ■ Heliotrope v
Dinner Sets complete 100 pieces
W^fteß- 75 kg** 7.75 d er Q. 25 Xa mian l7- 50
*-* Colors " Gold Handles a gem l '
Quality Best, Made by Best English Makers, Newest Shapes and Designs.
IpRICES -A.WAY "CTNDER.
Stores, 100 in INTumber.
GreatAmericanlmportingTeaCo,
■....- ; . I _. . .
140 Sixth St. 146 INTixxtla. St.
134:4 M:arls.ot St. 218!TMrd St.
2 1O Mission St. .8008 Pillmore St. V"
617 ISlorti-xiy St. 80S Marlx.ot Si. \
1418 Foils. St. ' 3008 Sixtoeutli St.
621 Montgomery aye, 104 Second St.
333 Hayos St. : S2B££ Mission St.
__ O-Al3^Xj A.STX3 SrOH.£S:
105 3 "VTasliinstoii St. • 616 East Tx^roldTtla. St.
131 San Patolo ©I*7 Broadway.
1355 Park St., Alameda.
HEADQUARTERS 52 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
A NOTED RIDER
PASSES AWAY
Park Policeman Samuel A.
Harper Dies at St.
Luke's.
He Killed Contractor Henry de
Greayer in the Park Four
Years Ago.
Park Policeman Samuel A. Harper died
at St. Luke' 3 Hospital yesterday after
noon of blood poisoning caused by wounds
he received two weeks ago, when his horse
fell on him at the park.
Harper had quite a record as park police
man and vaquero. He was originally dis
covered by Park Patrolman Thomson,
when the latter went to Montana to buy a
buffalo. Harper rode so well thatThom
soti had the commissioner* send for him.
On January '.X>, 1892, Harper shot and
Killed Henry de Greayer, a street contrac
tor, under circumstances of self-defense.
The case created a great deal of talk at the
time.
De Greayer was out riding with a woman,
whereupon Harper requested him to drive
more slowl}'. The request was ignored
and De Greayer drove away aprain rapidly.
Harper acain commanded him to drive
more slowly and sought to hold back thej
horse. De Greayer tlien got out of liftm
buggy, abused Harper and drew his re
voiver. Harper then fired in self-defense
and De Greayer fell, dying soon thereafter
at his home.
The trial was an interesting one, and
Harper was acquitted very largely on the
testimony of a wealthy lady who chanced
to be pass.njr, and narrated the event as
Harper had explained it.SUNDAY DECEMBER 27, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
; Batt>wtv Theater The Brownie«.
■ i/i-roFNiA Irfatkk.— "A Tarls Tragedy,"
Thursday, December 31.
. Columbia : H^*TKK--The Railroad of Love."
• Moroscos OpjßA-liorsii- She 1
1 Alcazar Theater— • Cricks: on the Hearth."
■ Tivoli OrEBA House.- -Jack and The Beaa
■ Rlalk.
OapHKUM-Hlgh-Class Vaudeville.
Circus Royal— Eddy and Mason sts.— Prof. O.
R. Oleason.
'i«K chutes AND Skatiks RtNK. — Dally at
eight street, one block east of the Park.
&utro Baths— Bathing and performances.
Ckxtbai, Park.— Easeball.
ll «was Uatk Park— Golden Rate Par -. Band.
AUCTION SAL..S.
I v Pri.i.ivAN iS: Doylk— Tuesday. December 29,
Horses and Buggies, etc, at 134 seventh street,
at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Treasurer has paid out $37,925 in re
bates on taxes.
A fire 111 pome old buildings in Chinatown
yesterday caused over £3000 damage.
Thj American Iron Works, 515 Sixth street,
were badly damaged by fire last evening.
The Comus Club met the Crockers at football
on Christmas day, and won by a score oi 8
toO.
Peter McCabe, the fireman injured at the
Commercial-street fire on Christmas, may re
cover.
Otto G. Heuser, a German, committed sai
cide in the deer park in Golden Gate Park yes
terday.
C. W. WinKelman had his wife arrested yes
terday for infidelity and she had him arrested
for battery.
The Merchants' Association has asked the
Board of Supervisors to bituminize two busi
ness blocks.
Policeman James Foley won the distinction
yesterday oi being the cnampion shot in the
department.
Miss Lydla Hill died last evening at the Ho
tel O.iver, the cause probably being cerebral
hemorrhage.
Alfred L. Tubbs, president of the Tubbs
Cordage Company, died yesterday at the
Palace Hotel.
Judge Troutt will begin to recount votes in
the Deane-Broderick contest for Auditor on
the 7th of next mouth.
Coda. D. J. Tobin, Little Cripple, St. Lee,
Judge Denny and Perseus were the winners at
Oakland track yesterday.
Captain William F. Swasey, one of Califor
nia's most esteemed pioneers, is to be buried
from I'ioneer Hall at 1:30 to-day.
An aDpeul for funds to send agents to Wash
ington 10 aia in delecting the lunding bill has
been issued by the Comiuittee of Fifty.
Park Policeman Samuel Harper, who killed
. Henry deGreayer four years ago, died of blood
: poisoning at St. Luke's Hospital yesterday.
Judge Coffey yesterday declared the trust
clause of Ana Cai. agnail's will invalid, so lar
as it relates to the so-called Mission Park, prop
erly.
The Market-street Railway Company will ad
dress the Merchants' Association on the sub
ject of the street-sweepers filling up the cable
blots.
The Christmas exercises of the Boys' and
Gins' A.'i Society were held last evening at
that institution, corner Baker and Grove
btreets.
Two men last night attempted to capture
Mark Stroke's bear, which has tnken refuge
under a tallow works, but were badly worsted
in the encounter.
Zion Hospita.';, the new Jewish charity, will
be patronized by the wealthy, and will be
fitted on modern principles, witn the best an
tiseptic appliances. BLMI
The California Homing Club last evening
closed the entries for the free-for-all race to
take place irom Sacramento January 10. Five
hundred birds will fly.
Bernardino Pellegrini, an ex-saloon-keeper
in this City, was arrested yesterday on a, dis
patch from Los Angeles that he was wanted
there for embezzlement.
The police discredit the story of Edward Co
rar.th, 112 Golden Gate avenue, who alleged
that he was held up and robued by two foot
pads early Friday morning.
Lena Matsen, the shoplifter, who was caught
In me Emporium Thursday morning, appeared
in Judge Campbell's court yesterday and her
case was continued till to-morrow.
Heirs of the late Arthur Waters have filed
suit for their shares of his estate. They accuse
his widow of deceiving the Probate Court for
the purpose of obtaining possession of the
property.
The inventory of the estate of David Plato,
deceased, was filed in the County Clurk's of
fice yesterday. The property consists in a half
' interest in a store at Modesto, valued a.i
.SBBI2 43.
. ': Storm southeast signals are displayed along
the entire Pacific Coast, from San Francisco
northward, lor a severe storm now Central off
th*! Oregon coast. Forecast Official W. H.
: Hummon. .
The Chinese tongs have reached a verbal
agreement not to perpetuate internecine war
lare in Chiuatowu any longer. The Chinese
Merchants' Association is accredited with pro
ducing this result-
Representatives of the Democratic Assembly
districts met in the Flood building last night
for the purpose of discussing the distribution
of patronage, but Mr. Kaiuey being absent,
notning was done.
Judge Ros«' final decree of foreclosure and
sale 01 the At. antic and Pacific Railroad to sat
isfy claims held by the United States Trust
Company of New York was filed in tne United
Hi ate* Circuit Court yesterday.
Thomas 11. Williams Jr. was yesterday,
awarded one half of his father's estate, which is
estimated to be worth about $2,000,000. The
other moiety goes to Frank Hausford Johnson,
minor son of Frank S. Johnson.
The reorganized Civic Federation promises
to watch tne new City administration irom the
vantage of experience and fight any show of
crookedness. A campaign lor improvement in
ths laws will also be made at the coming ses
sion of the Legislature.
C. H. Lord, a missing millionaire merchant
of Minneapolis, who disappeared from the
Palace Hotel several days ago, was discovered
on Market and Taylor streets early yesterday
morning, and after being detained ai the hos
pital for several hours was discharged.
The Samuel Johnston Company went out
of business in a hurry after its orders for
goods to the value of $2200 for Bay City, Or.,
were intercepted 0:1 the steamer Protection,
the goods were to be paid for the day after the
seemer failed, but no payment was attempted.
John C. Batenan, a member of the firm
which was awarded the contract for the con
struction of the new Hall of Justice on Kcaruy
street, claims that there is no serious defect in
the contract, as claimed by Mayor Sutro, and
believes that his firm has grounds lor a dam
age suit, owins to tne Mayor's reiusal to sign
tue contract.
Bohemian Club .Jink*.
An exceedingly enjoyable high jinks was
heid at the Bohemian Club last evening, the
.. prominent figures being General W. H. L.
•* iSarues, Lucius l-'oote a;id Professor Meyer.
Hoys' Club - litortuinment.
The Christmas entertainment of the Fan
Francisco Boys' Club Association will be held
a t 740 Bryant street, between Fifth and Sixth,
10-morrow at BP. M. The entertainment will
be given entirely by the boy ■;, and their friends
are invited to come. Adiuissiou 25 cents.
liu-il on the Street.
An old man, who was apparently on his way
to the City and County Hospital, dropped dead
on Twenty-first and Bryant streets yesterday
afternoon. His body was sent to the Morgue.
The man wore a gray mustache and lie had
evidently not been shaved for several days.
Ills suit was badly worn. There was nothing
in the man's pockets to give a clew as to hit
identity- ' ■' . '\ ' .'■
Sentenced by Judgo Belcher.
■ Judge Belcher yesterday imposed the follow
ing sentences: Toy Young, attempt to rob,
three years In, Ran Qucntln; Harry Cohen,
burglary in second degree, three months in
San Quentin; Frank Warner, forgery, two
years m San Quentin ; William Mooser. assault,
one month in County Jail; Henry Randall,
assault, fined ?20.
Republicans Caucai.
Six Republican Assemblymen met lust nipht
In caucus at the Union League Club. There
. -w<?re present Messrs. Dibble, Denuery, Ket'
niii;i. K'.'Uy, Henry and Jones. The question
. of patronage wa* brought up, ntxl those pref
• en' as;rc<"i to stan'l nn<l r.ct us a unit in the
matter. The matter of tin United states He -
atonai candidate was not discussed. An ad
journment was taken ior one week ul tacra-
IN THE PATH OF
THE FERRY-BOATS
Hot Words Flew Fast When
the Simla Was in the
Fairway.
The Master Refused to Budge
and His Vessel Was Towed
From Position.
i
Sad S f ory of a Turkey That Mys
teriously Turned Into Stone
in Transit.
Captain Davidson of the British ship
Simla and Assistant Wharfinger Scott had
quite a difference of opinion yesterday.
Daring the southeaster that sprang up in
the early hours of the morning the big
ship went adrift and fouled the telegraph
cable. That was bad enough, but what
made matters worse was the fact that the
Simla was rijrht in the way of the Oakland
ferry-boats. Assistant Wharfinger Scott
HISTORY OF THE WORLD IN WOOD.
Curious Redwood Panels in the Residence of M. Doyle, North Berkeley, as
Carved by Himself, Showing the Progress of the World, as Follows:
3. Geologic period Defore the dawn ot life.
4. Piiocene epoch — Moilusks and crusta
cean life in lower Silurian strata.
6. Primitive cave-dwellers.
8. Human life— Utilization of fire in pot
tery, etc.
notified the captain to move, but he re
fused to do so. O:;e of the Red Stack tugs
in charge of Captain Harvey went out to
offer assiftanca, but was laughed at for his
pains. Captain Silovich of the Vigilant
got a similar reception. The agents of the
vessel were appealed to, but refused to
act. Then the Harbor Commissioners
took the matter in hand, and the Simla
was movea. Now tne master will not get
a permit to dock his ship until the towage
bill is paid. The vessel was in a very
dangerous position, anu should have been
moved at ouce, but the master was obsti
nate, :ind as a last resort Mr. Scott had to
move her before darkness came down.
Capain Nervick of the bark Gatherer
has reujtftied, and his place has been rjiled
by Captain Robert Slaier, lato chief officer
of the Roderick Dnu, while Captain Dug
pan has assumed command of tiie steam
scnooner Navarro and Captain Hanson of
the schooner Jennie Theiin.
The following named graduates of Mc-
Nevin Bros.' Navigation School have
recently received licenses from the In
spector of Hulls and Boilers: C. F. Rodin,
master; C. F. Klitpard, master; J. C.
Dart, master; C. F. Bertieson, masier; F. !
O. Carlson, chief mate; W. J. C. Rogers,
chief mate; J. F. Clemens, chief mate;
John Ellerson, chief mate.
All the boys on the water front are
having a laugh at the expense of ColJector
Ratten bery, the popular oilicer who looks
out for the State's interests at seition 1 of |
the *eawail. Christmas eve Rattenbery
won a turkey in a raffle. He had. it boxeu
and started for home. On the way some
o! his friends took the turfcey from the box
and put a rock in its place. Yesterday
they were eating turkey in a well-known
rejort near the seawall at Rattenbery's
expense. What he said when he opened
the box and found the turkey gone is
another story.
With the new year the Monticello will
stop running the 9:30 P. M. trip. The
travel does not warrant the extra trip, so
Captain Hatch has decideJ to discontinue
it. The chances are, also, that instead of
saving Vallejo at 7 a. m. the speedy little
boat will leave that point an hour Jater,
and even with that handicap the captain
says he will not be far behind the Sunol
and Herald.
The snip Dashing Wave reports that the
bell on Noonday Rock is gone, and
mariners are warned to keep a good look
out. The Lightbouse board issues the
following:
It is reported that Bonita Channel booy,
black No. 3, is (iOO feet due east of its
proper position. If so it will be replaced
as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the list of beacons
ai.d buoys, Pacific Coast. 18U5, pa_e 18.
Al White is mourning ihu lorn of hid
boat. Yesterday some one took her out
for a run around t'.e bay and forgot to
bring her back. Tne police are looking
for the thief.
The Mary Garratt broke down on Cnrist
niHS eve, and her passengers had ;o come
;o the City on the J. D Peters. She was
lowed back to Stockton yesterday and will
be repaiied there.
Tue Harbor Commissioners will offer
the top glory iv the cupola ofthe new
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
ferry building to the Weather Bureau. A
flagpole will be put up and every facility
extended to the forecast officers.
MAT SOON BE A BRIDE.
Reported Engagement of I.a Loie Fuller
to Senator Cantor.
Advices received in this City from New
YorK report that La Loie Fuller, the
famous and fascinating danseuse and ar
tist in feminine draperies, ia engaged to be
married to Jacob A. Cantor, State Senator
of New York.
Miss Fuller declined yesterday to either
confirm or deny the report, but admitted
that Senator Cantor was a dear friend.
Senator Cap.tor has been in the Legisla
ture and Senate for twelve years, and has
been a leader of his party for at least six —
for two years was president pro tern. It
was he who passed the bill in New York
State allowing bicycles free way after 8
a. m. to 6 p. m. (they were allowed only be
fore 8 a. M. and aiter 6 p. m. up to that
time in the entire State). He it was who
had passed what they call tiie Cantor bill,
, providing all franchises be sold at auction.
He is at the head of a law' hrm in New
York City and is a magnetic and powerful
speaker.
YOUNG HEARTS GLADDENED.
Christinai Bxarciaet at the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society.
The Chris;mas services of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society were held at that insti
tution, corner of Grove and Baker streets,
last evening. 1 hey were postponed until
yesterday evening, so that the youthlul
inmates might go home and enjoy the
holiday with tneir parents.
The exercises consisted of a series of
recitations and songs by some of the lit
tle ones and a cantata on the subject of
10. Decoration— Music rock Inscription.
12. Egyptian civilization — Bas-relief of
Tua, mother of Rameses.
13. Archaic period of Grecian influence —
Argonaut.
16. Beginning of the Christian influence.
St. Nicholas vi«itinß the school. About
fifty children participated in the cantata.
An imitation lireplace was placed in a
corner of the schoolroom and a chimney
of candy-boxes was built on it. Then at
a given sijrnal young John Raizetto,
dressed like iSanta Cans, rushed from be
bind it and into the waiting and expect
ant thrtrng.
Each of the 135 children received a pres
ent, and all were happy in consequence.
Superintendent Smiley himself went
round among them with a dunce-cap on
his head. As he expressed it, "You see,
I am one of the boys."
THE REMAINS HOUSED.
Friends Cared for the Body of Knglneer
Scott, Killed Accidentally on the
San ISruuo Road.
Owing to the exertions of friends, the
body of Frank Scott, the engineer for
Warren & Malley, and who was killed on
the San Bruno road late Christmas night,
did not remain uncared for throughout
the long night.
Friends of the deceased claim that they
were unable to reach the San Mateo
County Coroner, James Crowe, and when
they applied to the San Francisco Coroner,
that official was compelled to reply that
he had no jurisdiction. But they were
not to be deterred, and after long delay
secured permission from the deputy
Coroner at Baden to move the body. At
an early hour yesterday morning the
remains were tenderly placed in a buggy
and taken to the Warren & Malley cam p.
There they remained until 8 o'clock, when
Coroner Crowe removed them to Redwood
City.
It may be stated in regard to the pub
lished account of the discovery of the
body, that Coroner James Crowe of San
Matoo was not to blame for the seeming
indifference in the matter. The Coroner
states that he was never notified of tne
accident, although he has a telephone in
his piivate house, where lie was all yester
day. He accordingly did not telephone,
as reported, that it was "too dark and too
cold" to go down and take charge of the
remains.
The unfortunate engineer was un
married. It was ascertained that in fall
ing down the embankment, nis nead
struck on a rock and the skull waa frac
tured. He was accompanied on his fatal
excursion by a man named John Miron, of
this City.
Mechanic*' Institute Lecture.
The usual Saturday night free lecture of the
Mechanics' Institute was given last evening
before an audience that comfortably rilled the
main library tiall. Tne discourse was by James
W. Erwin, ant It was all about "An Evening
in Childhood's Realm." Reproductions of
celebrated pain tings ot children were shown
upon a screen by a etereopticon lamp, and Mr.
Erwin told a ilelißhiiul lit' lo story about eiieh
oue. Several child photographs, the work of
local amateurs, were exhibited, to the delight
of spectators.
Hoitt's School, at Burlingamc, will reopen
January 5. Ad-irees Ira G. Hoitt, Ph.D. •
NO MORE BLOOD
FOR CHINATOWN
A Verbal Contract to That
Effect Made Last
Tuesday.
The Powerful Bo Ong Tong
Wishes a Bonded
Agreement.
Threats of Chinese Merchants Pro
ducsd the Result— Hip Yings
Still Sullen.
The various Celestial societies and clans
in Chinatown are now at peace. "Now"
is used advisedly, for the peace that has
been patched up exists only by word of
mouth, and the fact is well known that
when it comes to keeping an agreement
the gentlemen of the almond eye are not
modeled on the lines of the ancfent Puri
tans.
The late trouble in Chinatown was due
:o a clashing oF tha Bo Ong Tong on one
side and the Hip Ving, the Sue Ying and
Bo Leong tongs on the other. This is not
regarded by the Chinese merchants, who
suffer most from hitrhbinder feuds, as the
fault of the Bo Ong*, who have held the
olive branch on high on every occasion.
True to their nature, however, the hatchet
has not been left to rust in case the peace
offering were refused.
Fung Get, wno committed suicide while
confined in the City Prison, was a Hip
Y r inu man and owed his prosecution to
the Bo Onus. The Hip Yings have never
s nee been able to reconcile themselves to
the fact of hi* voluntary death, but assert
that the Bo Our Tong hired somebody to
kill him. The.efore they were unwilling
to declare peace until the Bo Ongs should
mak" proper monetary restitution.
This the Bo O:ig Tong refused to do, as
it denied having auy'thine to do with
Fung Get's death. So last Tuesday even
ing tne Chinese Merchants' Association
held a meeting at the headquarters of the
S-.e Yup Association, corner of Clay street
and Waveily place. Representatives of
the Bo Leong, the Hip Ying and the Sue
Ying tongs were present, including the
cousins of Fung Get.
The merchants declared that war must
cease, as they were tired of the ruinous
effect on their business. They also affirmed
their belief that Fung Get died by his own
hand and that the Bo Ong Tong was in no
wise responsible for his taking off.
Accordingly they offered to give the
cousins of Fung Get $70 to make peace.
The offer was spurned, but at the same
time a verbal agreem< nt was reached that
there should be no more bloodshed.
The Bo Onga are far from satisfied with
this declaration. They want the opposing
faction to put up a bond that no more
men shall be murdered and promise that
they will do the same. As the Bo Ongs
comprise about 1000 members and the
opposing faction, including the Bo Leong,
the Hip Yinirand the Sue Ying tongs,
only about 300 members in all. tins propo
sition of theirs is regarded by the mer
chants as magnanimous.
If it were not for Joe Gar and Lee Mcc
Toy, both of whom are said to be ititiu
ential members of the Bo Leong Toug, it
is believed that a bonded agreement of
peace could be reached in short order.
Anyway the merchants, who in reality
control the actions of the thirteen high
binder societies in Chinatown, declare that
it any of the three tom;s mentioned mani
fest their dislike of the Bo Ones by start
ing another carnival of murder they will
turn all the rest of the organizations
against them and make things assume v
lurid tint. This threat is generally be
lieved to be effectual.
MISSION PARK PROPERTY
Mrs. CallHglian's Attempted Trust Is
Declared Invalid.
Judge Coffey rendered an important de
cision in the Ann Callaghan estate yester
day by which ne declared invalid the trust
which the testator attempted to create for
the management of a portion of her es
tate.
The property in dispute 13 what is some
times known as Mission Park, a long nar
row strip cf land lying between Mission
street and West Mission street near Thir
teenth. At the time of her death Mrs. Cal
laghan owned an undivided one-half of
this Mis-ion Park, and, thmkiru it would
become extremely valuable in the future,
she attempted to have it placed in the
hands of trustees for the benefit of her
heirs, but Attorney Charles S. Wheeler,
representing some of theteirs, objected to
the attempted creation of the trust on the
ground that it was not in accordance with
the requirements of the civil code.
The court took this view of the case and
declared the trust void. By this decision
99-150 of the interest owned by Mm. Cal
l»ghan becomes the property of Daniel
Cailaghan and 60- 150 goes to Mrs. Bailey.
For years the title to tbis property has
be n in litigation, the city claiming sole
ownersbip. It is believed, however, that
the recent decision of the Supreme Court
in the Holladay case will deieatthe city's
claim and that the present holders of the
land will have a clear title. If such a re
sult is reached it is expected that the old
tumble-down rookeries that now disfigure
the property wili be supplanted by build
ings worthy of the location.
•—• — ♦ — •
Ancient Egypt.
To-morrow afternoon Rev. Haskett Smith of
London, England; who ; has just recently com
pleted a) tour of ; the world, will ; deliver his
first address in San Francisco at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets. His subject will \>e
"Seven Thousand Years Ago; or, the Mysteries
of Ancient Egypt." Mr. Smitn has visited tkJ
Holy Land twenty times and for several years
resided on Mount Carmei. He is known as
the Joseph Cook of England. His lecture Will
embrace the wonderful work of the nineteenth
century in recovering the secret of bygone
ases — the unfolding of the records of ancient
£gypt. The service commences promptly at 3
o'clock and will be free to both ladies and gen
tlemen.
CROSS COMPLAINTS.
C. W. Wittkelninii and His Wife Have
Each Other Arrested.
Mrs. Calla Winkelman, 19 years of age,
was arrested yesterday on the complaint
of her husband, C. W. Winkelman, on the
charge of infidelity, and he was arrested
on her complaint on the charge of bat
tery.
According to the wife's story she has
been married about two years and has a
baby 14 months old. For months she has
been earninc money for iier husband,
who she says is a gambler and frequents a
saloon at 17 Turk street. About a week
ago he beat her and left her, talcing their
ciiild with him.
She went to live at 107 Turk street. Her
husband called there yesterday morning
and asked for her baby's clothing. She
refused to deliver it np unless he told her
where the child wa«. Winkelman would
not tell her and struck her in the face.
WAS HE HELD UP?
iJho Police Discredit the Story Told by
Edward tn ninth.
The police discredit the story of Edward
Comuth, proprietor of marble work 9at
112 Golden Gate avenue, who claimed that
he was attacked and robbed of $50 by two
men near the Children's Hosmtal early
Friday morning. Comuth was suffering
from a broken leg, which he said was
caused by hia struggle with the two foot
pads.
Policeman J. S. Hart yesterday sent the
following report io Chief Crowley: "I
sentE. Comutu to the Receiving Hospital
from William street, near Caliiornia, Xt
1:10 a. m. He was suffering from abrofcen
leg and was in company with Wil
liam Schronehoffer. Mr. Com nth
claimed that he had been robbed of $50,
I saw thft money and two watches and
chains on his person when he was
searched at the Receiving Hospital. Corn
nth was under trie influence of liquor. I
notified his wife,"
FIVE HOUNDRED HOMERS.
Entries Close for the Race to Take
Place in Sacramento.
Five hundred homing pigeons will fly
from Sacramento, January 10, from the
erounds back of the State Capital, in the
first of tlie free-for-all races which have
been arranged by the California Homing
Club. The club held n meeting last even
ing to receive the html entries.
When the great fluttering of wings inci
dental to the IliLrht of this large Hock of
birds comes off, Governor Budd and the
Legislature will be present. In fact, one
purpose in having the race at that time
and place is to point out to the legislators
the value of homing pigeons. Legislatiou
will be asked to impose a penalty for the
Killing of a homer.
In some Eastern States there are legal
p.nalties for killing any pigeon, so that
hunters who may not know homers have
no excuse if they shoot one by mistake.
The homing birds are worth from $25 to
$50 each.
The entries for the second race, free for
all, will close January 16. This race will
take place January SO from San Jose.
ON ONE LEG.
R. M. Brown Coast* Hown the Chutes
I-ilce an Old-Timer.
The Chutes were visited yesterday after
noon by nearly 7000 people, the majority
of whom were children.
An unannounced attraction waa the ap
pearance of R. M. Brown, the on.e-legged
cyclist, who is goinc around the world on
nis wheel. He felt confident that he
could go down the chutes on his wheel
and land in the )ai£e in the same manner
that I'irri has beendoing for some months.
The managers let him try the experiment,
and ho rushed down the ions slide easily
and gracefully, swimming ashore after he
struck the water.
Emil Markeberjj made a balioon ascen
sion and landed with his parachute in the
park on the main driveway.
Brown will repeat nis bicycle perform
ances this afternoon and evenins, when
the schoolchildren of San Francisco and
Oakland will again be the guests of the
management.
Greut Tug-of-War To-Day.
Considerable interest is being demonstrated
in the great tug-of-war now proceeding at
Sutro baths. To-day the interest will be sus
tained by st'voral close contest.?, the competi
tors programmed being America vs. Ireland,
Canada vs. Denmark, Sweden vs. Norway, Ger
many vs. Portugal, and Italy vs. Slavonia.
General admission is placed at 25 cunts. One
thousand dollars will ultimately be distributed
in prizes, and the member* of the venous
teams are likely to exert themselves to the ex
treme limit 10 pull tnelr adversaries over the
cleats.
KEW TO-DAT.
Money back ii
you don't like
Schillings Best.
Tea and money
at your grocer s.
* srhiilinjj & Co San Francisco
m
NEW TO-DAY.
m The Blue and 'the Gray. J|
(lip Both men and "women are apt to feel a little mm
# blue, when the gray hairs begin to show. It's l?k
a very natural feeling. In the normal condition
mm of things gray hairs belong to advanced age. |§1|
# They have no business whitening the head of
man or woman, who has not begun to go HP
mm down the slope of „ life. As a matter of fact, (|||
the hair turns gray regardless of age, or of )^.
<«ll|/ life's seasons ; sometimes it is whitened by I^P
Hill sickness, but more often from lack of care. mm
y^. When the hair fades or turns gray there's no
|§P' need to resort to hair dyes. The normal color tHJr
111 l of the hair is restored and retained by the use of /Ok
# Ayer's Hair Vigor, i
\|ssi/ Ayer's Cnrebook, "a story of cures told by the cured." vHP
•i:ioo• i :ioo pages, free. J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. /^%i
A PECULIAR DEATH.
Miss I.v.in Hill Die*, It Is Thought
From Cerebral Hemorrhage.
Mils Lyda Hill, 30 years of age. daugh
ter of McPherson Hill, died under peculiar
circumstances in the Hotel Oliver last
evening at 6 o'clock.
Miss Hill was taken ill early yesterday
morning. She complained of acute pains
in her head, and Dr. Herzstein was sum
monrd. The physician was puzzled at
several peculiar features of the ca?e, and
called Dr3. Howard, Glazier and Corbett
in consultation.
All remedies that usually give relief in
cases of acute headache and congestion
were administered, bat without result,
and tue patient succumbed in the evening.
Owing to tne strange phases of the case
it was reported to the Coroner. Although
the physicians agree in the belief that
death was due to cerebral hemorrhage, an
autopsy in order to corroborate that diag
nosis will be held.
Servian Society Election.
The annual election of the Servian Monte
negrin Literary and Benevolent Society took
place last Monday night at its hall, 10 Cali
fornia street, and the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President, John
SEW TO.OAT. ! i
96'S PARTiNGIFFERT"
A WEEK OF SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
J. SAMUELS,
104, 106/IQB ESJEMk.FLTV^S* ST.
Will make this last week of the year long to be remembered by the
GREATEST SACRIFICES IN DRY GOODS
EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC.
11l our $7 Dress Patterns, black and colored, cot down to $3.50 a suit
111-silk Black Brocades at 50e a yard.
Men's, Ladies' and Children's Underwear and Hosiery at half price*
$10 California Blankets cut down to $3.75.
Fine quality 4-button kid Gloves at 85c a pair.
A SALE OF GENUINE MERIT!
YOUR MONEY NEVER SO WELL SPENT.
J. S-A.MTJEH.S,
104, 106 and 108 Kearny Street.
fi— minium hii«i | Tuaaaimttaatiu im n~n » *
j Philadelphia mm fit j
I Shoe €0. Ho. 10 Third St. \mm f%\ I
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT ' , I iuf}\ V \^gjl °
: r^^ % — ■ JIIHI w kA\
..*;••■■* • tMT " sk'' 1 ■ •? M" a : You can " get it in the Womankind c
§?'•'■' *S ■' -A. m - ' ° 'word contest. How many English c
m>* \c m^Btm 3 words canyon form from the nine let- c
m?' %!fc^ Tk W^Bm » ters in "Womankind V It's ea3y. c
»L 'Vy ''W üBBv i a Every contestant wins a prize. c
ft> 3p>»* w^'" I \«£ JV " VMS 9 2 Columbia Bicycles, Price $100 each. c
W ''''^*$^ZSIL \. taW o 1 Cleveland Bicycle, Price $100. c
%fa- .. a 1 Gladiator Bicycle, Price $100. c
wylrill ■■ ii ifc, _ " ■ -""^^ - . 9 1 Business College Scholarship, $100. c
.BfiUCvl ■ 3 ' Kodak, 525. ■ c
"ra***"— ■ ■ inTflirrrf""^*"^ ° 1 Silver Tea Pot. «5. a
fc ~ i o 1 Set Amer. Ency. Brittanlca, $30. o
117 CA. -Jt o 1 Webster's Inter'l Dictionary, $10. c
VVfi o And more than 800 other prizes. Con- c
%" V *- rvvlvi^ a test closes Jan. 20, 1897. Send today c
- T- - -■. » . ' o for free sample copy of Womankind a
Vfilif* VA/^irirQ ° containing full particulars. Address, o
lUUI " ailWl Is WOMANKIND, Springfield, Ohio. °
We know what our trade demands. 3 Remember Every Contestant gets a c
Tney want the la styles, and the best o ' Prize. ■ We
: wearers, for the least money,' and we cater 0000000000 00000000000000
to their i wishes. We carry the best as- X - X - X - >U<JU< - XJ< - X - :< - >CX -
".'•orteii stock in this city, ana at prices that •-
defy ccmp'titlon. \ L. A. Berteling Vres. H. Nordman, Vlce-Pres.
:• Thi-i week a specialty in : Toadies' Shoes. : A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Nordman, Treai.
- Kangaroos.'. Calf Button, straight foxed, ■ ''■"^tmm^L^- :
new coiu toe, double soles reversed but- .^NmS ESSl^k. if^ffiT^m^^.
ton fly, atul jn-i the thiug for Winter. _.» >^S 30k
Reduced to Si. o»; sold elsewlmrefor f^^. j\^TliJM^^Si^
Jfck INVOICE. 427 KEARNY STREET,
CM> LADDIES' STORM Is the very best 550 " to have your eyes examined
■ I^. Hl JiuBBKllS, with and fitted to glasses wiih Instruniems exclusively
QHM. nu-dium round our own, whose superiority has do: yet been
■MBl^^^tMi. Keiluced to ! equa'ed. : ■
H^^^B Bk C^^SJrf""* We have no rivals. We value our reputation;
aO^/i we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
'■-'.: . " ' the merits of our work tor success.
__^ m^Mk • /ImA • ladies' Twentieth ~~, : : '. ~~ .
• M) Iwl Century I 4 nce TOON BfTD^,*
■ I '.. m 1.1 »oes, with Kid or ! f"J jtm BRASS BEDS.'
■ m I. I cloth tonr durable *^— — Z^ m BRASS BEDS.
I ' -^L. lAf »o.es: stratKht fox- | < f FOLDIHGBEDS 1
M VIS ed, with kid tops Wire an 1 Hair Ala>
"■ B*S»«L_'^^ "■ wr • or circular vamps . tresses. Keel ial a :
— ■^k^^_ " I " 1 doth tops: Chairs, V.'heel UtuHri.
-¥^»^^^^^|^i— pointed loes and t T " Ttt commodes, Back Hem
- "^^^""' B " I& " patent lpathertips. i ftMMtrfT V 1V 1 a c«-.rro<-»r- a
Every ■ pair guajuuteed. Th<» very latest, j 1 , \ Illflflfl A- SCHROoJS,
swi'llesi styles. Keduced to *i!. ILL*.' '' ' J 111 till „. T." 1 *- 1 -
r . !V 1 to" LJ ht., under oiuui
IST Country orders solicited. ■ - ■ - : : -'- Uutul, s. **. ■-.:
=\: iT Send for New illustrate! Catalogue. j "~r — ~ — . . • :: — ~~ — ~ ;—; — : — ~~ — : ~"
Address ___ COSMOPOIiITAJV.
BfATrHIMCI/1 ' Opposite U. 8. Mln:, 100 anil 102 Klfth St., Sl«
. KA I CnirNSIV.I, ; francisco, Cat.— The most select fainilr hotel in
ruiiAriFlPHli SHOE r*r% I city. Board and room »1, *1 25 and $1 50 per
PHILADtLPHIA =>"<->& CO.. day. accordlug to room. Meals 25c. Kooms st>a
. • 1O Third St., San FrancUoo. I and ft day. : i'ree coach to and from the boiei.
i---^» ■.-..-■-.• :. v :-.. f --,-■■ - ■■-■.■ --.- -- - .. - ..... I i,oolt for the coack bearing the namo of the Co*
wmmmmmm^mmtmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmJk aowUUaitaMk "WM- tfAJfcUi¥. 4Tojwi«Wi.
Slavinovich; vice-presklent, Michel Tripco
vich; treasurer, Stevo T. Gerunovich; record
ing secretary, Spiro S. Vurosiivlievich; finan
cial secretary, George A. I>abovich ; directors —
George Gudelj, Spaso Javovich, Jevto Odalo
vicn and LncaVuicich; conductor, Isador P.
Pavlovich; serguant-at-arms, George Kovace-
v t ch ; library directors, the two secretaries;
finance committee— Liizar S. Churieh, Vladi
mir Popovich and Marco Tasovaz; society phy
sician, Victor Vecki, M.D.
IRON WORKS IN FLAMES
Ih H. Bailey's Establishment and Ad
joining Properties Budly Damaged.
The American Iron Works, owned by v.
11. Bailey, 515 Sixth street, were damaged
by fire to the extent of $1500 last evening.
The flames were first seen in the furnace
room and an alarm was sounded from box
154. The department responded promptly,
but nevertheless the adjoining buildings
suffered considerable damatre.
A. Pateks, chemical-worker, 513 Sixth
street, suffered about $100 damages, and a
two-story unoccupied dwelling owned by
M. Sppck. 517 Sixth street, was damaged
about $250. All losses by the fire are cov
ered by insnrance.
The Forth Bridge is capable of sustain
ing the weight of two ironclads slung from
the center waterway.
78
FINDS OF '49
WILL MISS HIM
Old Pioneers Mourn the
Loss of Captain
Swasey.
To Be Buried by the Society
of California Pioneers
To-Day.
Ho Was a True Friend to This State
in Deeds as Well as in
Words.
There was an air of solemnity and sad
ness pervading the rooms of the Society
of California Pioneers yesterday. No man
in tbe society was better known than
Captain William P. Bwasey, who^e death
occurred Friday night, and he was uni
versally popular. For the last few years
he has been a <laily visitor at the society's
rooms in the I'ioncer baiMing and among
those with whom he thus caiue in contact
and whose friendship extended back to
the days when the rotate was young the
news of his death was a severe sliock.
Captain Swasey's funeral will be con- j
ducted from Pioneer Hall to-day at 1:30
o'clock by the Society of California i'io
neers, who are expected to turn out in
large numbers. The services will be con
ducted by Rev. W. W. Case and the music
is to be furnished by the Knickerbocker
Quartet. The interment will be in Pio
neer plat of the Masonic Cemetery.
Captain Swasey's memoiy is revered by I
his comrades in the early battles of Cali
fornia, not only on account of the valiant
part which he himself took in the struggle
but for the vigorous manner in which he
lias defended from slurs and aspersions
the brave men who fought and toiled by
his side. His work, "The Early Men and
Days of California," is considered by the I
early settlers a most fair and exhaustive I
history of California, and the kindly and
generous manner in which he lias dealt
with all the builders of the State common
wealth but betokens the character of the
man.
Although Captain Swasey himself played
a remarkable part in the preservation of
California lor the Union, he is extremely
modest in recounting his own deeds and
only in occasional incidents, introduced to
show the spirit of the times, is the energy
and bravery of the man partially revealed.
The following extract from his work is in
point:
"Early in March, 1846, I started for
Monterey. On arriving at San Jose the
news readied there of Frement being en
camped on the Gavilan Peat:, on the east
side of Salinas Valley, mid surrounded by
a lorce of Mexicans under General Castro.
Captain C. M. Weber immediately called
together the Americans residing at San
.lose for the -purpose of taking some action.
It was concluded to tend a courier north
to arouse the American settlers and a mes
senger to Fremont. John Dauhiness was
selected to go north and I was selected to
take the me.-sage to Fremont.
"At that time Captain Weber kept a
public house (or fonda) in San Jose. In
ih.e barroom a crowd ot California^ were
playing . monte. Their horses wera
hitched outside. Daubiness surreptitious
ly took one and I another. He started
north and I south on our missions. On
my way south, after passing through a.
s»ap in" the hills about fourteen miles
below San Jose, I overtook a band of
Indians driving a. lot of horses they had
stolen toward Tulare. 1 hesitated some
time, not knowing how 1 was to get by
them. Finally I struck the spurs into
my horse, and, with an American yell,
dashed through ihem, they scattering on
every side panic-stricKen. I never turned
my head, but kept right on, and was not
followed."
The courier had a more serious adven
ture on this ride, for when the foothills
north of San Juan Mission were reached
he came in plain sight of a number of
Castro's soldiers. To prevent being taken
as a spy he rode boldly into the Mexican
camp, explaining his presence by exhibit
ing credentials to Consul Larkin, tnen in
Monterey, Castro rigorously cross-ques
tioned the American as to the whereabouts
of Fremont, but Swasey feigned ignorance.
The Mexican commander then insisted
that Swasey should ride with his party to
Monterey, but Swasey made his escape
the next day with little difficulty and suc
cessfully-delivered his mes:age into the
hands of.i General Fremont.
Captain Swasey afterward joined , Gen -
eral Fremont, in whose service he proved
a brave Vo.idi-er. A detailed biography was
publish- 1 , in '1 iif.Caxi, yesterday mo mine.
Captain' ieaves a widow, Mrs. H.
B. Swasey; i .\ : i i vyo-;'*.;da : nghteri, Miss Ada
Bwasey oi. New York, who writes under
the name of AdaLeeßascom; Mrs. Travor
Corry, and a sorii Henry S. Swasey, both
of. this. City. :i:A::.;: i: A :: .; brother. ' Judge- G. A.
Swasey, and a sister, Mrs. Amanda Heron,
live AlariifHia. There are other rela
tives in the. East. ••.■)■ s?V*:fi.i •: -'
WEN T UP IN SMOKE
liively B'.aze in the Chinese Quarter Da
gtroya.Somfe Old liuiWlingf).
The Chinese quarter was visited by a
lively blaze about 1 :30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, that caused about $3200 loss and
damages. It started in a Chinese cigar
store at 607 Dupont street, which is really
a "biind" for a Chinese lottery place. An
alarm v.as sounded from box 204. How
the blaze originated is not known, but it
soon cut its way from tberear of the cigar
store, which is owned by Wing Ah "Wo, to
the second story, which was occupied as a
lodging-house.; , , ; ;
From there, it sprend to the adjoining
biiilding, WJ9, also a lodging-house, in the
VecO.nd story. The falling lumber started
the. lower.itoor in ablaze. This iloor is
■ doubly- occupied, a clothing-store in the
frori't.anci a lottery place in the rear. Like
its neighbor, it is Well provided with trap
doors, slkiing panels, alarm-bolls, to give :
warning of the approach of the police, and
blind exists for escape through apparently
solid walls. This building was bp.d for the
iiremen to work in, owing to the dense
smoke that poured from the rear.
A change in the wind whipped the
flames from 607 Dupont street around to a
<i welling on the corner of California occu
pied by Agnes Loudenslacer. It niayed
havoc with this old landmark ami burned
tbie nortu side badly. This building once
w ; 33 the scene ol an awful tragedy. Thirty
years ago an old French woman Jived
tlu-re who wa>» possessed of considerable
wealth in money, jewelry and diamonds.
One morning she was found dead. Dur
ing the niglu some oae entered the house,
and after strangling the helpless woman
to death fled with her valuables. The
murderer escaped, although large rewards
were offered for his Arrest.
AH of the buildings are owned hy the C.
]>orris. estate. The losses were: Wing
Wo, cigars; Wa Hun, clothing; Agues
Loudenslager, dwelling.
The loss by lire on Norfork street on
Friday evening was larger than at first
supposed. The dwelling at >.*•">, 40. occu
pied by David Nyhan and W. J. Kioss,
w;ib damaged to about $%0 and the con
tents to about $500. At No. 42, a dwelling
"occupied by John A. O'Day, ti e damage
1b the building was ?loU. The fire was
caufpd by upsetting a coal-oil lamp in
No. 40.
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.
The Holiday Trade of the California
Furniture Company- the Largest
• ' • on Kocord.
There was a busy scene on Geary street
last Thursday, in the vicinity of the Cali
fornia Furniture Company. It was the
final ilelivery day for the large establish
ment oi goods that had been ordered ior
Christmas, and the wagons laden down
with holiday presents commenced going
out as early as 7 o'clock in the morning.
Some wagons made as many as a dozen
trips each, for all day long the store was
thronged with buyers, and with each pur
chase went the promise, "it will be de
livered to-day, sure."
The California Furniture Company has
a very r.eat and careful way of delivering
ing their goods. Every article is care
fully wrapped in p?per, and no scarcity of
it eithor, and tied with stout cord to ruake
sure of its staying wrapped.
This great Christmas trade was ex
pected by the big store, but probably not
to such an extent as this, because it had
been prepared for in advance. A large
awning na<l b«e:i erected from the arch
over 117 Geary street to the sidewalk's
eiige, and no such ill luck as load
ing gifts into wagons in a heavy
storm could be chanced. Happily,
though, the awning was not needed. The
delivery, big as it was, went on smoothly —
not a single instance of mistaken address
or damaged goids.
This Christmas trade did not grow in a
day or a week or a year, for that matter.
Away bp.ck in the '80's the California Fur
niture Company commenced to advocate
in their ad\ .-rising furniture as gifts.
The public has gradually taken to the
idea. Every year the number of pieces
sold for gifts* has grown, and this year
murks another upward step in the ladder.
Most every one in town is familiar with
tho advertisements of the company in the
daily papers on account of rhe distinct
style. A pen picture of the article adver
tised generally accompanies a brief and
concise description, with a few words
about its appropriateness, cleverly put,
with no bragging, no flattering, no intent
to deceive.
This advertising is the work of J. Frank
Mullen, and a few words with him regard
ing the work Drought out as his keynote:
"Be honest and promise no more than
you c^n t'ive." He never uses such argu
ment as "selling below cost"; says his pen
would scratch and sputter if he attempted
to write "bargains."
Bricht business men have been known
to fgv that advertising iloes not pay.
Maybe they are right— probably theira did
not pay. They might have expected their
readers to believe something thsy did not
believe themselves.
Judging, However, from the holiday
trade of the California Furniture Com
pany, it »ould appear that judicious ad
vertising pays.
TO DEFEAT HUNTINGTON
An Urgent Appeal fcr Funds to
Send Agents to Wash
ington.
Graphic Portrayal cf the Evils That
Would Follow th* Adoption of
a Funding Bill.
In furtherance of the plans of the Com
mittee of Fifty to prevent the passage of
the funding bill, the following appeal has
been sent to a large number of prominent
merchants and other bu3iness people:
Pear Sir: There is organized in this City a
Committee of Fifty, whose purpose is, in tiie
interests of the .state and City, to defeat the
efforts of C. P. Huaiington to rtiimd tiie Cen
tral I'ecifie debt. The consummation oi this
scheme will, i;i the language oi Senator White,
consign three jjenerhtions oi l'a;i.or:iiaus to
servitude. A.I our Kepiesentative^ and Sens
tors elected are opposed to the measure, and
yet there is very grave danger of the lundinc;
bill being passoa. Mr. Hantingtou is present
in Washington with an organized lobby.
It the mnding Mil :s beaten it i> likely that
the Union Pacific and Central P»>eific railroads
■will fall into the hands of competing com
panies and give this City and t?mte the spien
<iid benefits that come from v liberal railroad
policy. As the mountain passes are sll occu
pies the question of n competing transconti
nental ruiiroad is n. remote josMbiiity unless
the Government Hnd the people seize this op
portunity which is now at haa<L
We respectfully request your co-operation as
a yiublic-spirited, patriotic Citizen to the ex
tent now of contributing to a f'jnd which 13
being raised ior tlie purpose of sending an
agent or agents to Washington and ot laying
the case properly belore the members of Con
gress. Please send remittance to Hbove ad
dress aud make check payable to George K.
Fitch, chairman. No publicity will bo given
to subtcription.-i. Very respectfully yours,
GEORGE K. lITCH,
James 1). I'helan,
James H. Hakky.
The office of the committee is in tht<
Phelan building, room 301.
HELD BY BROKERS.
Kebateo on Taxes Are Slowly Passing
Out of the Hands of the
Treasurer.
The refunding of the rebate on taxes
paid 7>revious to the fixing of the tax rate
for the present year goes on slowly in
spite of the fact tnat several clerks are on
duty at the Treasurer's office to attend to
those who are entitled to rebates.
The fact of the matter is that the de
mands for the larger portion of tbe
amount that is to be returned — about
$172,000— are in the hands of brokers
whose accounts are now being checked up
in the Treasurer's oflice.
On the first day that rebates were paid —
the 23d Inst.— $10,240 was disbursed; on
the day following $22,779, and yesterday
$4906; a total of $:$7.y25.
Ibis is believeu to be the larger portion
of the ♦mount held outside cf brokers'
cilices.
One of the latter stated in the Treas
urer's oflice yesterday that he held the
claims of 6000 people, aggregating $75,000,
and one^ other is relieved to hold nearly
as mr.ch*more.
Since the" decision of the court that the
Supervisors have no right to hold the re
bates of those who owe delinquent taxes
for former y«f>irs, Auditor Broderick has
been scrutinizing rlie demands of de
linquent Thx Collector Willett closely.
The City could only hold about $10,000 of
tho rebates on this basis.
Of all amounts collected the Collector
receives 25 pir cent. It has already cost
the City $lioo for clerk hire, and t<.« Au
ditor thinks that ii is about time the ex
penses stopped.
Rev. Hackott Smith of London.
A most interesting service will be held at
tba Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, Mason and ElUs streets, to-day at 3
o'clock, free to both ladies and gentlemen.
The address will r>e delivered by Rev. Hackett
Krulth of London, Eng., who has been a most
extensive traveler in the Holy Land. His ad
dress will be on Ancient Egypt end its inhab
itants; their attitude toward womanhood;
their nigh artistic skill; and fin account of
the discovery in 1709 which lies supplied the
key to unlock those hidden mysteries of the
past.
Charged With Burglary.
Franz Albert Krutger, a locksmith, who was
found in the basement of a lortginu-honse, 615
Bueh street, early Friday morning, ajpßrently
suffering from poison, was bockca at this City
Prison yesterday on a charge of burplsry.
When searched at tne hospital severul tkeie
tou keys were iound in his possession.
Army and Navy Club Whisky. Affi
davit guarantees it strict! v pure; 6 veurs
old. Mcyerfeid, Mitchell & Co., US Front
street, Ban Francisco. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
POLICEMAN FOLEY
THE CHAMPION
Result of the Final Compe
tition With the Pcoket
Pistol.
Merrick Takes Second Place,
Hook Third and Purves
Fourth.
First Priz? a G;ld Star, Secoad a Re
vo.ver, Third a Revolver and
Fourth a Hat.
Policeman James Foley of Captain
Wittman's division is the champion pistol
shot of the Police Department. He earned
that title yesterday afternoon with a score
of 49 out of a possible 50, after shooting
against the other nineteen crack shots in
the department.
Four prizes were recently offered for the
best shots in the department with the re
volver the men carried around in their
pockets, the first being a gold star t>re-
JAMES FOLEY, Winner of the First Prize
sensed by Colonel Sam Beaver of the
Bank of California, the second a magni
cent revolver presented by General Wall,
the third a revolver presented by J. E.
Klein a.id the fourth a hat presented by
Eugene Korn.
The men wee divided into twenty sec
tions, and for the past four or live weeks
each s?ction has been firing off, the top
scorer in esc.h being selected to compete
in the final for the prizes.
The final competition took place yester
day afternoon at the targets in the base
meat, of the City Hall. The men were all
present and several others who were
deeply interested in the result were also
there.
Colonel H. J. Burns, ex-inspector of
rifle practice, and Captain J. E. Klein
were the judees, Captains Wittraan and
Gilien the official scorers and Policemen
Coogan and Dower were the markers.
The office of judge was no sinecure, as
several times they were called upon to de
cide whether a buliseye or center should
be scored, the bullet striking the dividing
line.
Each man fired ten shots and the re
suits were as follows: ..
Merrick ..4 45454555 5—46
Van Keuran...............4 5 4 4 5 ft 4 4 4 5—44
•S«T«eant Helms. ....& 454455: S 4 5—46
Sergeant Conboy ....... 4 5 4 5 4 5 65-1 4—
F0'.ev..:... ft 5 0 5 4 6 6 5 5 5— 49
3le<>"rayan ....;..:. ..3 4543 4 5 3 4 4— K9
P. C. Peters...; ..4 4 4 5 4 4 4 5 5 5-44
T. O'Connell ....\..;..5 54434545 4—45
Scott. 545 5 5 544 4—
I*. K. Fleming... ...4 445454 4—43
Free!.. 4 3 8 4 4 4 4 4 4 2—36
Try0n. ......... .....3 444 4444 3-39
Hook ..5 5 4 4 5 4 4 5 5 5—46
Turves .....5 4 5 4 4 5 5 4 5 5-46
Campbell ..............:.. 6 4 5 .'> 44:> 4 5 4-45
Man ey. ......;.. ......... 4 4444444 4— 41
Corporal C0ckrU1. ....... .3 4 3 444454 5—
RcrKiant Christiansen. ...s 4 4 4 5 :> 5 ft 5 4—46
Sergeant Monagiian......4 5 3 4 ft 4 5 4 52 8— ;-9
Lieutenant 8irJ5a:1.......4 44444455 4— li
Some of the novices who never fired at a
target bafore joining the department
within the past eighteen month* made
remarkably good scores and showed the
older hands that they will have to look to
their laurels. Thomas O'Connell of Cap
tain Gillen's division has been only eight
or nine months in the department and he
made the excellent score of 45. Shad
raeh Campbell's score of 45 was also a
genuine surprise, as he only scored 42 at
the iiring by sections.
The strain told upon several of tbe good
shots and often they had to lower their
weapons till their nerves became more
settled. Scott, in particular, who tied
Foiey up to the seventh shot seemed to
lose his nerve and f6r the last three shots
lie only made centers.
Merrick, Hoot and Purves each scored
4(3, but according to the (Jreedmoor rules
Merrick took second place. Hook third
and Purves fourth. They all belong to
Captain Wittniiin's division.
Fuley, Merrjck, Scott, Christiansen,
Conboy ana Hook were looked upon as
the propable winners, and Foley's victory
was scarcely a surprise, as he always tired
well. He wan warmly congratulated by
his brother officers, and the other winner?
came in for their share of tho congratula
tions.
Folcy, Hook and Purves fired with a
Smith & Wesson 38-caliber and Purves
with a Smith & Wesson 44-caliber.
W. A. DEANE'S CONTEST.
Auditor Broderick's Demurrer Over
ruled and the Ballots Will B«
Counted.
Judge Trontt yesterday began the hear
ing of the contest for the office of Auditor
inaugurated by William A. Deane against
William Broderick. The official returns
gave Mr. Broderick a plurality of only
about 850 votes, and as Mr. Deane thinks
he was unjustly deprived of 1500 votes by
clerical mistakes and otherwise he expects
to get possession of the office.
Attorney Garret McEnerney appfared
on behalf of Mr. Broderick and interposed
a demurrer to the compiaint. He held
that the complaint did not state cause of
action, in tliat it was too indefinite. In
election contests, he urged, the complaint
ought to set forth the exact numbers of
votes of which the contestant claimed to
have been deprived in each precinct. Here
the complaint merely alleged in a general
wav thst Deane had been robbed of about
IMb votes altogether.
Attorney Schooler, en behalf of Mr.
Deane, argued that such particularity as
demanded by tbe other side was not re
quired by the code; that it was sufficient
to niajte a general allegation^ neglect and
frp.ud, «nd on that they rely in the present
cuse.
Judge Troutt agreed with Mr. Schooler,
and overruled the demurrer, at t! c same
time ordering Registrnr Hinton to produce
tho ballots in court on the morning of
January 7, for the purpose of proceeding
with a recount of the votes cast for Audi
tor.
At the opening of the ballots it is ex
pected that a number of so-calied "snap
tallies" will be taken by the adherents of
different candidates who are suspicious of
the election officers in certain precincts,
and want to know just how they fell below
the support that they expected.
CHESS TOURNAMENT.
Virtoriaim Challenge the Mechanics'
Institute .Experts.
A challenge has been received by the
Mechanics' Institute from the Victoria
(B. C), Chess Clnb callenging the chess
players of the Mechanics' Institute to
play a decisive match of "ono board" on
on the evening of January 1 next, the
playing to commence at "o'clock and con
tinue until finished at the rate of ten
moves an hour. The challenge has Leen
accepted and the playing by institute
members will be done in the institute
chessroom, from which place the moves
wili be telegraphed by special wire to V'C
torio. The match wil! be under the super
vision of Director E. H. Cole of the
Mechanics' Institute and the players will
be appointed during the coming week.
A great deal of interest is biing taken
in the second annual checker tournament
ot the Mechanics' Institute, which will
commence on tbe same evening. The pre
liminaries are now being arranged by
H. M. Angell. The tournament will con
tinue from day to day until each player
has met every other player. Each sitting
Will consist of four or six games, and a tie
will count half a point and the winning of
the four or six games will couut one point.
•—• — ♦ — •
Calvary Presbyterian Chnrch.
A special musical service will be given at
Calvary Presbyterian Church this evening, to
consist chiefly of selections from "The
Messiah." The following is the complete pro
gramme: Organ voluntary, "Messiah, " R. D.
Burness; Jubilate Deo, the choir; prayer and
Scripture selection* Is. xl:l-8; recit and aria,
"Every Valley Siiall Be Exalted," D. M. Law
rence; Scripture, Hastgai ii:6-7, Malachi iii:l;
rccit, "T:ius Saith the Lord," arir., "But Wno
May ADide," \V. C. Campbell; notices and of
fertory collection; address, "Tne Messiah,"
the pastor; hymn 114, congregation; Scrip
ture. Js. vii:l4. Is. xl:9-ll; rtcit and aria,
"O Thou Tnat Teliest," Miss Jeannette Wllcox;
Scripture, Is. lx:l-5; recit, ''For Behold Dark
ness Shall Cover the Earth." W. C. Campbell;
Scripture, Luke ii :8-14, Zachariah ix:9-lO;
recit, chorus, "ulory to God" ; aria, '-Rejoice
Greatly," Mn>. Priest-Fins; nria. "He s-haii
Feed His Flock," Miss Wilcox and Mrs. Fine;
beuedictioa; orgu.ii poatlude, "Hallelujah
Chorus."
•—• — o—*0 — *
Christmas at the Presentation Convent.
The children's Christmas festivals at the
Presentation Convent, Powell street, took
place on; the Bth and 21st inst. Three Christ
mas trees laden with gifts delighted the
pupils. The distribution was preceded by
music, recitations and dramas, lv keeping
\> im this joyous seasou.
T. H. WILLIAMS JR.
TAKES A MILLION
Estate of His Father Is
Finally Ordered Dis
tributed.
More Than Ten Years in the
Probate Court of San
Francisco
Only Two Heirs Living to Share the
Property— Judge Williams' Able
Management.
The estate of Thomas H. Williams Sr.
was finally ordered distributed yesterday,
after Deing in tne Probate Court for more
than ten years. The will was actually ad
mitted to probate April 6, 1886, but tbe de
lay in sottling the estate's affairs did not
grow out of any serious litigation, but was
duo to the fact that the heirs were so well
satisfied with the management of the es
tate by their uncle. Judge Georga E. Wil
liams, that they didn'thasten proceedings
that would lead to a termination of his
trust. Since the admission of the will to
probate four of tbe children of the testa
tor, namely, Mary Bryant Johnson,
Bryant Williams, Percy Williams and
Sherrod Williams, have died, leaving as
heirs only Thomas H. Williams Jr. and
Frank Uanslord Jobnson, tbe son of Mary
Bryant Johnson and Frank .H. Johnson.
These two will share the estate equally.
Thu official appraisement places the value
oi the property at $1,465,800,08, but it is
estimated that while this represents the
spot casli market|value at forced sale, yet to
the holders of the real property and other
assets the estate may be fairly said to be
worth not less than $2,000,000, and is con
stantly increasing m value. The real es
tate holdings extend over a vast territory,
including Sacramento, San Joaquin, Yolo
and San Francisco counties.
An interesting incident in yesteiday's
proceedings in Judge Coffey's court was
the tiling of an agreement that Judge
Geort'e E. Williams sbould receive as
compensation for nis service $100,000 in
addition to what has been allowed to him
heretofore. The agreement is as follows:
In the matter of the estate of Thomas H.
Williams, deceased. The undersigned i hereby
consent that the executor of the above estate
be allowed as additional compensation for his
services as such executor the sum of $100,000.
The undersigned guardian executes this con
sent under the autnorityof the Superior Court
of Marin County. -. .:':..
-?, ■ Frank Hanpford Johnson'
(by his guardian Frank S. Johnson*,)
Thomas li. Williams Jb.-
Thomas H. Williams Jr. tiled a petition
asking, the court to make the order dis
tributing the estate and allowing the extra
compensation to Judge Williams, and
presented a draft of a decree in which ap
peared the following: , ;*-.^
It appearing that Thomas H. Williams Jr. and
Frank Hansford Johnson are the residuary
and sole devisees and legatees of said testator,
and that said testator by item 12 of his last
will and testament provided as follows: .
In the event my brother executes this will, I
direct that the court having jurisdiction tnaltptiim
v t»ir and liberal allowance tor all services with
out reference 10 statutory or other fees,
And it further appearing that George E.
Williams, the executor named in said last will
and testament, is the brother of seid decedent."
aud that at the time of ,tbe admission of said
will to probate said George E. Williams did
quality as the executor i hereof, and has ever
siuce the 6th of April. 1886, and continuously,
acted as the duly qualified and appointed ex
ecutor of the. last will and testament of said
decedent, now therefore, upon the application
ol said George E. Williams, and all of said par
ties in open -court consenting thereto, and it
appearing that said executor has rendered
exeat, extraordinary and valuable services to
said estate, and ha? performed all the labors
thereof, and in view of the provisions of the
said will, it is hereby ordered that said George
E. Williams be and hereby is allowed the sum
of $100,000 as compensation for his services
as the executor of said last will and testa
ment, in addition to all sums to him heretofore
j paid on account of said services.
As it appears from the account on file
that there is no money on hand with
which to pay said sum of $100,000 there
fore certain tracts of land appraised in the
inventory at $100,000 were set apart to be
tecuritv for the payment of the $100,000 to
Judge Williams.
Touching the property allotted to George
E. Wiliianis in payment for the $100,000
compensation for services the proposed
decree says:
These tracts are hereby distributed to
Thomas 11. Williams Jr. in fee, and the said
property, by tins decree of distribution, la
hereby specifically and directly charged with
the payment, to George E. Williams by said
Thomas 11. Williams Jr. oi the sum of $100,
000 upon the demand of said George E. \\ ii
liams.
The property thus charged witb the pay
ment of $100,000 may be briefly described
as follows:
That certain 800-acre tract, beginning at a
point designated us "20 A," on tne center of
tho Ki del Levee, near tne property owned by
David Bixler, in San Joaquin County. The
1007-acre trac, beginning at the monument
marking the hortheast enrne r of David Bixier's
laud, and lying west of the Kiiid Levee. The
so-called orchard tract in San Joaqutn County,
containing 100 acres.
Under the provisions of the will it be
came necessary for the heirs to choose
certain lands wnicn should be distributed
to them in fee simple. A dispute arose
between Thomas H. Williams Jr. anil
Frank S. Jobnson, the guardian of Frank
Hantford Johnson, as to the allotment or
distribution of the property, but at length
an agreement was rescued.
In his petition Thomas H. Williams
Jr. says that if litigation had been reported
to it would bave cost thousands of dollars
to determine the issues of fact and
law, and consequently "that in order to
carry such settlement into effect your pe
titioner has yielded to said Frank Hans
ford Johnson sucn a proportion of said
estate claimed by your petitioner in lee
as would insure to them any and all
amounts which might be claimed by them
under any construction of the will or any
set .lenient of the disputed questions of
fact."
The following-described tracts are dis
tributed to Thomas 11. Williams Jr. in
foe:
Improved trnct of 157 acres in Sacramento
County; 1220.72 acres in San Joaquin County,
near Kidd Levee; 108.25 acres In ?hu Joaquin
County, north haif of outside lands.
To Frank Hansford Johnson in fee: A tract
of 94.85 acres in Snn Joaquin County, known
as tne Undine Township property; 1544.27
acres in San Joaquin county, on the vest side
of the Kidd L-jvee, near Middle River; 417
acres in San Joftquin County, between the east
bank of the Wing Levee and Middle River;
2t>s acres in Sacramento County, near Steam
boat Slough; 1202 acres in Sacramento
County, near Steamboat Slough and the drain
nge canal, adjoiuing the property ot Mary H.
Jarboe; 108 acres In San Joaquin County, con
sisting of outside lands, we^LOl Middle River
and adjoining the property of David Bixler.
A large number of tracts in this City and
elsewhere held by the decedent are or
dered distributed 40 per cent in fee to
Frank Hansford Johnson, Z6% per cent to
Tuomas H. Williams Jr., ana io Georce E.
Williams as trustee for the benefit of
Thomas H. Williams Jr. during his life,
and thereafter, as provided in the will ot
decedent, o3y-i per cent.
The decree sets forth i hat it appears that
all tbe debts of the estate have been paid,
that there are no debts except the $100,000
allowed to George E. Williams and $60,000
due to the Security Savings Bank, secured
by mortgage on tne Halleck blocs prop
erty in this City.
the will was drawn by the testator,
Thomas H. Williams Sr., who was re
gar ea as an able lawyer. No dispute in re
gard io its provisions was ever presented
to the Probate Court.
Judge Coffcy informed the attorneys in
terested in the estate that he would mark
as "granted" the application for the set
tlement of the executor's account and the
order of distribution, but would withhold
the signing of the formal decree until to
morrow at 10 a. M., in order that the pro
visions of the code may be scrutinized in
regard to the allowance of the executor's
compensation. The court remarked that
under the code Judge Williams would be
entitled to only about $40,000, and he
would have to consider whether the heirs
have a right to consent to a payment of
more than double that amount, one of
said heirs being a minor. The Superior
Court of Mann County having issued an
order permitting Frank S. Johnson, as his
son's guardian, to consent to the allow
ance of $100,000 to Judge Williams-, that
order is to be filed in the Superior Court
here before the dtcree is signed.
The court remarked that the able man
agement of the estate by Judge Williams
was well known, and that in considering
his compensation the only question to be
considered was the legal power of the
court in regard to such matters.
Abthua cure guaranteed, Dr. Uord'son Chocolate
Emulsion. 2*Jl Davis, S.F. CaL $1 a bot. 6-9 5, earn Sc
WANT NEW PAVEMENTS.
The Merchants' Association Petitions
the i oard of Supervisors on
the .Matter.
The Merchants' Association has peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to order
Geary street, between Grant avenue and
Kearny street, paved with bituminous
rocK. The association represents that the
property -owners and the Geary -street
Kailroad Company have agreed to stand
their shares of the cost and that the im
provement will he of ereat beneht.
The association also asks the board to
order Stockton street, between Ellis and
O'Farrell, paved with bitumen, the prop
erty-owners having agreed to subscribe
one-half the expense. The work is to be
done by public contract.
WANTED IN LOS ANGELES.
Bernardino Pellegrini Arrested on a
Charge of lfiinbezzl Jinent.
.Bernardino Pellegrini, who is wanted
in Los Angeles for embezzlement, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on Kentucky
street, Potrero, by Detective Harry P ey- v
nolds and locked up in the City Prison.
Pellegrini about three years ago had a
saloon at 9 Washington street. He sold
out and went to Los Angeles, where he
started a restaurant. Recently he skipped
out, leaving several creditors Rehind him.
Yesterday morning Chief Crowley re
ceived a dispatch from Los Angeles to the
effect that Pellegrini was wanted there for
embezzlement, and Detective Reyno.ds
was detailed on the case. A friend of Pel
legrini's learned that the detective was
after him, and jumped on an electric-car
to go and warn him. Reynolds divined
what ho was alter, and boarded the same
car. When the car reached the Potrero
Reynoids took Pellegrini's friend to the
police station, and in a few minutes had
his man under arrest.
No particular of the charge of embez
zlement were received from Los Angeles.
Women's Press Association Social.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
will hold a holiday social meeting in Shast*
Hall, Native Sons' building, to-morrow, at 2 :30
p. X. Ttie programme, under the direction of
Mrs. F. P. Victor, ia entitled "The Newspaper
In All Its Aspects." Papers will be read "by
Mi«!) K:ckoff, Mrs. North, Mrs. Eyster, Mrs.
Cooley, Mrs. Pinncy and Mrs. Snxton. Miss
Cnrrie Bowes and Miss Friedrich will render
several musical numbers.
HEW TO-DAT.
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While yea sleep at night J so?^c^-*v Dr. Sanden's Electric
this belt soaks yoi^ J~^'^i&r*E£^-' Belt has a newly pat* •
weakened nerves full of — "J^i^SS. ented regulator which ■
electricity and restores makes the current mild
your health. It is surer j|~jic^lfi^ or strong while the belt .
«nd cheaper than mcdi- x? l^^F^F is on the body. No other
Cine. belt made can be regu- : .
%/)# lated. ;;\; ;\ : \r ;,/■;< J^
The disease known as varicocele has baffled the medical profession at every. tarn.:
The various attempts, to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them even ;',•'-"'■
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massag* ■'-.■•!
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wasting . •
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the stagnant blood in th«
▼ems, with considerable disten of the glands. Electricity will . decompose . this • '
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the Vein* ■■■■:.
c! the weakening strain, at the same time contracting .the glands which have grows
weak fraia the disease, thus curing the whole trouble. . "
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Recognited by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousan lg of cures of "various
nervous and chronic cases, is now acknowledged the best means of reaching thtt-'dnad "
Matins diaeass- ( - -
VARICOCELE. : -^I§|
Its power over this disease is remarkable. Cares have been completed " in ph.* : - ; ?
month, and the - worst cases can be reached in tbree months by this belt. As ; aa^':
•Tidenceof recent results tho following will be interesting: . '-:%':'■■ :f^f¥'-
: -i would lire to add my testimony to the numerous others in possession of Dr ' San* ''"'"•'
den's Electric Belt Co. I purchased a strong-power Beit lrom Dr.,Sanden about tha '■■
Ist of April, wh:ch 1 used according to directions; and after three months I am haPDV
to state mat my varicocele, which was ,of twelve yaars'; standing is almost entirely' '
disappeared, the veins being almost normal. I take great pleasure in recommending ■•■•
the Belt to any one suffering from varicocele." " *: c " u *^« ..
W.E. JOHNS. 1139 Market street. San Francisco. ■'■ ••
- ."On peceipt of your Belt 1 was requested to report in thirty days ana rraeTsrora '
let you know how lam getting along. i-I must say.that the 5 results -are: away beyond V
my expectations, and I now believe in the wonderful power of the Belt. I notice an '
improvement all over my body, and especially the vancocele, which before I wore the *• •
belt were large swollen veins, are almost entirely ana completely disappeared -md the •
seminal weakness which I have suffered from for a long time has entirely disappeared. L
lam now as strong in that particular as I wish to be. I wish you to publish this letter. ,
that other sufferers may proht by mvexaerience." ; : - v ,-;..,°",-""": " "» \
■ , ' .^-c i'A.uATO, ±*enryn, OaJ., June 20 180!. '.' •'■
Many other cures can be found by referring; to tha little book '.Three Classes ot
Men," which can be had free upon application. Those who have tried other treat*
•Adits will find much of interest in this book or a visit to the salesrooms of
■,-.' '■■,Vv:'...vV;..: S-A.WT JL JJdJXTi 3ESXjLE3O'X i 3E : ILIO OC> ■ '
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE ttorLL. SAN FRANCISCO.
wWr&^/iS-WnSg^iS?* 7'7 '' 10 tOL AUSeIM ° m < a 204 south BroU
JKOTii.— no nisuXe w tasaumber— 838 Market streat.
ZION'S WARDS
WILL BE CLEAN
The New Jewish Hospital
to Be a Modern Sur
geon's Dream.
Hot Air and Antiseptic Asbestos
Wool Will Abound Every
where.
A Charity That Will Be Fostered by
the Wealthy for the Benefit
of the Indigent.
Joseph Brandenstein, Dr. Oscar J.Mayer
and their many medical and lay associates
are making encouraginc progress in the
work of raising a fund for Zion Hospi
tal, which will be one of the greatest chari
ties ever instituted in California.
The new building will be directly oppo
site the French Hospital, on Point Lobos
avenue, between Sixth and Seventh ave
nues. The lot secured is 250x300 feet, and
$5000 donated by the Baroness Hirsch will
be available as soon as the structure is
completed. A number of similar legacies
have been left, but none are collectible
until the completion of the hospital.
The directors and managers of the new
charity movement have many novel plans
in view for the comfort and safety of their
patients, all of whom will be purely ob
jects of charity, taken on a basis that will
not compete with physicians or pay hos
pitals. '
The "pavilion system," one of the most
modern plans for treating patients, will be
used. By this great safety accrues to the
patients. It is operated on a basis that
permits perfect isolation, so that in con
tagious and infectious diseases a patient
may be adjacent to others in such a way
as to prevent all harm to him.
The new structure will be a surgeon's
theater, wherein all mudern antiseptic
methods will be used. The floors will be
of Italian concrete, the ceilings will be of
light germ-proof tiling, and the walls will
be of marble. There will be no crevices
or angles about the inner walls, which,
will be in circles to prevent the collection
of germs.
Hot, sterilized air, forced through anti
septic asbestos wool by powerful pumps,
will prevent danger to patients.and the
internal construction will be such that
200 patients may be treated without crowd
ing »t one time.
The purpose of tne new hospital is
strictly benevolent in character, and it
will be thrown open to all classes, regard
less of creed. It will be conducted abso
lutely without cost to tho sufferers, and
the directors hope to have the building
under way within six months. Wealthy
Jews are already contributing liDerally to
the enterprise.
Bricks made of sawdust, combined with
pulverized mineral material, are now used
as a basis for concrete instead of stoae in
several Prussian towns. They are lire
proof ana impervious to dampness.HAS JOINED THE
GREAT MAJORITY
Alfred L. Tubbs Died Sud
denly Yesterday at
the Palace.
A Pioneer Who Was Prominent
in Advancing the Interests
of the State.
Active in the Mercantile Life of Cal
ilorn:a for Nearly Half a
Century.
,A : l|-Eed T. Tubbs, one of California's
ni'6 : % : successful pioneer business men,
died very suddenly at the Palace Hotel
yesterday morning about 9 o'clock. Mr.
Tubbs had been unwell for about three
;weeks but -eeined to be on the way to re
covery. Christmas day he went driving
and was in excellent spirits. Yesterday
morning he entered a bathroom at the
Palace, and apparently had taken his bath
and was about to dress when his heart
failed and he fell dead.
Mr. Tubba was bora in Deering, N. H.,
December 17, 1827. He waj.a pioneer,
having arrived in 1549. He imm diateiy
i .inmenced the mercantile career which
J^s has pursued with such marked success.
first line of business was ship clian
• •. in which he engaged in this City.
In 1856, in conjunction with Flint, Jfea
body 6: Co., he established the tirst rope
■waik in San Francisco. This was the
nucleus of the San Francisco Cordage
Company and later of the Tubbs Cordage
Company, of bothof whicn institutions the j
deceased was president.
Mr. Tubbs was public spirited. He was
a member of the famous Coleman Vigi
lance Committee and later, was a mem
ber of the Legislature.
Perhaps nothing speaks more plainly of
the esteem in which Mr. Tubb3 was held
by his associates than his appointment by
his friend, fcenalor Leland fctauford, to be
a trustee of the Stanford University. Mr.
Tubbs was elected director ot the Southern
Facile Company. I.i health made his
ir f U:l*;ifarious duties seem onerous, and last
\v«?ii.he resigned his position with the
ra::r<)ad company.
:;es3 associations caused Mr. Tubbs
to be*ju this City a large part of Lne time.
Daring the winter he generally maintained
a permanent residence at the Palace Ho
le!. He ha»l. however, at Caltetoga one of
the iine-t country re-i lences in the S;aie.
This place was his especial pride, and he
delighted in improving it and its sur
roundings. He made at this place a
special study of grane cuiture and spared
neither money nor pains to improve the
vine industry. He brought to this State
some of the vines of France and Germany.
He established the Napa Valley Wine
Company, and latter, when that organisa
tion was absorbed by the California Wine
Association, tie oecame a director of :he
latter corporation, ihe winemen, particu
larly oi Xapa Valley, nave reaped some
o: .'he harvt^t of li is efforts.
Mr. Tubbs leaves a widow and four chil
dren. His one daughter is the wife of
Lieutenant Oyster of the United States
array. Lieutenant Oyster was for some
t;rue instructor of drill and military tao
it Stanford. University. His three
Be s, Alfred 8., Austin C. and W. 8., are
all interested in the cordage company.
His brother, Hiram Tubbs, also a "well
known capitalist, has been connected with
ihe deceased in the cordage industry since
the formation of the company, of "which
Hiram :s now vice-president.
Mr. Tubbs has long been considered one
of the solid men of the business commu
nity. He has always been highly esteemed
by his business associates, ana his com
merciaj judgment is evidenced by an
estate worth something over $1,000,000.
The funeral will take place from thn
Palace Hotel Monday mornine at 10:30
o'clock. It will be private. Mr. Tubba
was not a member of any fraternal or re
ligious society. His widow is a member
of ..the First Congregational Church of
Oakland.
A VERY OLD BOAT.
Jtt IJates From the Eleventh Egyptian
. .Dynasty. /
—Tnere is in Chicago oca of the five oldest
.■sruull boats known to exist in the world.
IthUsjust come, all packed and stayed
fbr its long voyage, fron. the Gizeh Mu
seum of Antiquities at Cairo. To tho gen
erosity of Mrs. Cyrus McCormick the
•f.ie:d Columbian Museum is indebted for
a rare gift E. E. Aver learned in the
course of his search for interesting things
in Cairo last winter that there had been
d in the Gizeh Museum threo boais
of marvelous age and curious design. In
vestigation proved that the boats were in
deed of the rarest, value, for never before
in arct.;tj;ogicat history have there bocn
discovered anything of the kind which ap
proached these boats in age and interest.
A viking craft found in Norway some
time ago was in use about the year 1000
A. D. and at once became famous as by
far the oldest specimen of water-crait in
existence. The boats in the Gizeh Mu
seum, it was decided by the learned ones,
were used at least 1600 years ago, and were
jfEw to-dat:
FOR
Like a Cold, only
Stubborn.
The symptoms of ■„« (Grippe as de-
scribed by physicians in sil! i-arts of the
city are first a slight fever with chilis, loi-
i'jweci by a catarrhal condition of tiie
head, de^cendinjt to the throat and even
to the larynx and bronchial tubes. In
most cases there is a moat distressing and
stubborn cough. The severer cases run
for weeks unless checked by the use of J)r.
Humphreys' » k 77."
**7y ? " meets the epidemic condition
and is the cure for all its manifestations.
Taken early, cuts it short promptly.
"77" for COLDS
Grippe, Influenza, Catarrh, Pains in the
Head and Chest, Cough, Sore Throat,
General .Prostration and Fever.
"77" breaks up a (old that hangs on.
A smull bottlf of pleisaut peilets— fits your v<-3'
pocket, so dby driiKtfis'.s, or seni on receipt of 2f>
cents, or five for 81. Humphreys' Medicine Co ,
tor. William and Joliii streets, New York. I
contemporaneous with the Dashur pyra
mids ot the eleventh Egyptian dynasty.
With this boat, wbich will be installed
in the museum, and the two which re
main in the Cairo museum, were two
more, which still rest in the sands which
stretch desolately from the Dashur pyra
mids, near which they were found. It is
expected that before long the remaining
two will be brought to Cairo and properly
installed.
The five boats were found buried at a
considerable depth not far from the
famous largest pyramid, and in such
orderly form and with such mathemati
cal relationship to the creat pile of stone
that it was evident that they had been
buried with design at that particular
spot. All were brought to the light and
air at once, and alter examination by
scholars, proving their marvelous agp,
th ir preservation from the elements was
at once deemed necessary.
The boats were found to be alike in the
material of which they were constructed
and in their general dimensions. The
cedar of antiquity, which entered into so
much of the construction of things of
wood, was u«cd for building the.-.c boats.
While the equipments ot the boats had
generally disappeared with time, the
edges and ends were ragged and little
warped, their shapely outlines still re
mained so rigidly i:i evidence that the
modeler's skill m giving grace and shape
liness was evident. The boat that is in
Chicago now was probably better pre
served than any. It is thirty feet iong,
eight feet of beam and four feet of hold.
It had beci propellea, of course, by oars,
but the points of contact for the oars were
not in evidence. A well-preserved and
peculiarly marked and designed piece of
rudder of wood was found near the boats,
and that has been brought to Chicago as
tho accompaniment of the boat now here.
Two of the boats were propped up and
covered for preservation until they could
be moved, and three of them were put in
shape to be carried to Cairo. The Dashur
pyramids are nearly twenty miles above
Cairo, on the opposite side of the river,
and some seven niiies lroru the bank.
Eighty men were required u> carry the
boars, one at a time, t<> the river steamer
on which they were transferred to Cairo.
There in the museum they were propped
and stayed with iron and cedar sufficiently
to preserve them for exhibition. About
5 per cent of the original amount of wood
was ail that was necessary to add.
From the design and decoration of these
boists it is presumed they were in distin
guished use, such as for the transportation
of spicas, perfumes and offerings oi the
nature tiiat were carrier! to the resting
place of the royal dead in the pyramids.
Having per:ormed the.se sacred duties for
allotted times an-i persons it is supposed
they were th"n placed to rem iin forever
near the age-enduring mausok-ums ot the
dynasties they s-.-rved in life and death.—
Chicago Journal.
THE LOST ARCHDUKE.
riie Latest it ml IVi-liang tlie I>:ist Ke-
minriiM- of Join: Orth.
A lawsuit ended in Switzerland within
the last ten days apparently puts to rest
the last rumor of the survival of Captain
John 0.-tb, long known to the world as
Archduke John Salvator of Austria. This
Hapsburger Prince gave up his titles and
estates that he might be ires from ali the
entangling a'.iiances of his family, and
married Ludmilla Btabel, the sister of a
Casino chorus girl. He qualified as a sea
captain, bought the full-rigged ship Mar
gherita, and sailed in her for tiuuth Amer
ican ports.
From one of these ports he started to
round Cape Horn, and no news of him or
his wife has been received since, although
from t»nie to time he was said to have been
found in some remote part of the earth —
once fighting in the Chilean army, aizain
commanding a warship in the China-
Japanese war and finally cruising among
the South Sna Islands. A professor ser.C
out by the Emperor Francis Joseph io in
vestigate these reports returned afier a
year's absence with tiie conviction that
Orth still Lved, but he was unable to give
sulticltnt evidence to spread his conviction
to the rest of the world, although Orth's
relative" hoped on.
The H miDur*: Marine Insurance Com
pany, with which Orth insured the Mar
gherita, paid the policy. The payment
was precei'.cl by some legal difficulties,
however, and these were renewed recently
when a demand was make by Orth s fam
ily on two Swiss banks for money deposited
witu them by Orth betore the fatem' voy
age. The retiring Archcuke p.aced $200,000
each in the t'anksof St. Galien and Frei
burg. Tiie Freiburg bank acceded to the
deniana, and the $200,000 was trans
ferred to the Vienna credit institution.
The bank of St. Galien wonlu not give
up Its deposit on demand, however, tak
ing ihe ground that the lawful declara
tion of Orth's death could not bo- made be
fore the expiration of thirty years from
the time of his disappearance; that is,
thirty years from 1890, or in 1920. The
courts decided asiains! this contention,
and tlu' remaining $200,0 J0 will be placed
in the same bank with the otiier.
So tiie man who preferred to be a no
body rather than an Archduke virtually
has twice been declared d^ad by European
courts, although his advetiturou3 spirit
may still be found marching on through
the tales of romances and fur-away corre
spondents who are unwilling to spare his
curious personality and devious - career
from the narratives of to-day.
THE RETIRED BURGLAR
; His Host Unexpected Recovery •of a
{•:<;-!"*: Dog.
'.'Speaking of watchdogs," said the re
tired burglar, "I never owned a watch
do?, but I did own once a jolly little mon
grel do? that we called sometimes Nib*,
but mostly Nibsey; a lively, sensitive* lit
tle fellow, but no watchdog. You might
have played a brass band outside and he'd
never hear it, but let anybody > that he
knew walk across the floor and he'd wag
his tail in his sleep.
"Weil, after we'd had Xibsey a number
of years we lost him ; he ju^t disappeared
one day and didn't come back, and we
didn't Know whether he'd been run over
by a train of cars or strayed away and got
lost, or whether somebody had p;cked him
up and cuiried him off, or what was the
matter, but he d:dn t come back, and we
missed him very much, because we all
liked Nibsey.
•Now, maybe you can guess what hap
pened; (hie mornintr early, about 2or
half-past 2, some months after that, a3 I
was moving slowly in the dark, across a
room, on the second floor of a h;use that
I had called at some fifty rai!e> from where
I lived, i felt the legs of a small dog
thrown Bgtinst mine. I coul !n't see the
dc g at ali, but it was standing on its hind
legs and resting its fore leg*- Bftainst me,
and I could tell by the movement of them
that he was wagging his tail violently. It
was Nibsey, of course. He had known my
tread, scft as it was, and woke up to re
ceive me.
"Well, you know, glad a* I was to find
Nibsey, I'd rather not have found h:m
right there, because he was almost certain
to make trouble for me. He began to
whine with joy the first thing, and then
he gave a little vein. That was just what
I was afraid 01. H« didn't wain to make
any uouble for me. but that one yelp was
enough. A man in ttie bed sits up and
pulls a string and turns on a light and
says:
" 'Now, what's the matter? 1
"And I puts up a great ] olar bluff and
says: 'You swiped my dug, and I've
come to get him.'
" 'Swiped nothing!' he says. 'I'll swipe
you in about a minute,' and he wasn't
slow in getting at it, either; he was get
ting out of bed and coming for me all the
time he was talking, and a good, healthy,
rowerful-lookmg man he was, too. But
ISibsey made just one dive at the man's
feet, but that was enough to stop him
until I'd got turned and started; and a
minute later I was going down the road
with Nibsey coming on behind." — New
Y^ork bun.
Germany hitherto practically a rye-eat
ing country is rapidly going over to wheat
bread.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
VINEYARDISTS TO
ATTEND HER BIER
Not Alone Because Miss
Field Preached the Gos
pel of the Grape.
The Honorary Guard Furnished
by the Governor to Be
in Full Dress.
The Exercise 5 ? at Trinity Church
and tiie Cremation That Is
to Follow.
The exercises in honor of the late Miss
Kate Field, wbich are to take place to-day
at Irinity church, Bush ana Gouzti
streets, promise to be well attended. Miss
Field v.as known to so many people in
California, who bsar her in high esteem,
that it is not improbable that the church
will be crowded.
The florai offerings will be many and
THE LATE KATE FIELD, Whose Remains Will Be Cremated
To-Day at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
[From the last portrait of the dittinguithed writer, taken in this city.]
some of them of extraordinary size and
beauty. H. H. Kohlsaat and the Time.-,-
Herald'a tribute are two Roman vases,
tilled with (lowers. Mr. and Mrs. H. K.
Highton will cive a great cross of laurel,
rising from a base of calla lilies, it will
be a signally beautiful piece. Other lioral
offerings will be contributed in large num
bers.
Printed invitation? have been sent to
many prominent people, but there will be
room, no doubt, for all who may wish to
attend. The invitation reads aa follows:
We respectfully ask ti.at you join us in pay
ing our last respects to the late Miss Kme
Fieid. Funorai services at Trinity Church,
corner of Bush andGougb Btrseta. Sunday,
Ltecemoer -H, at 2 o'clock. Respectfully,
•'Thu Press Club of San Fnincii-co."
Among the pallbearers will be these:
H. E. Highton, \V. ri. Mills. Mayor-elect
Jamei D Pnelan, A. W. Foster, & M.
Coe, W. C. Bunner, W. F. Burke, P. C.
Roberts, H. S. Scott, Henry Jones, E D.
Dement. James S. Tyler, Jame« P. Booth.
As Miss Field did much for California in
the East in preaching the gospel ol the
grape the vmeya:dists have not forgotten
her. They will be represented :.t the
obsequies by a committee of lour, headed
by Abraham Laclunan.
The iionorarv cuard deputized by Gov
prnor James H. Budd and commanded by
Lieutenant-Colonel J. F. Bergin will ap
pi ar in full-dress uniform.
The flowers in honor of the deceased
should be delivered between 11 and 1
o'clock to-diy at the Gough-street side
entrance to the church.
Letters continue to come to Mr.
Highton expressing their high apprecia
tion of Miss Field. Among the latest is
one fro ru Professor "W. A. H. Griilith of
the Detroit Museum of Art.
Immediately after the religious exor
cises at the church, consisting of prayer,
an address by Rev. Dr. Walk, nnd miuie
by the church choir and the Press Club
Quartet, the remains will be taken to the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery End cremated.
AN EMPRESS AT HOME.
The Consort of .Emperor William Settling
Down to Kv«ry-I)ay Life.
The German Empress is settling down
more completely than over in the life
which is a recognized social phase in
France as that oi a bonne mere de inmille.
Those who are intimate with her— and she
chooses ail her friends from the imme
diate members of her own and her hus
band's family — have for some: time re
marked on her growing disinclination to
assist at any public function unless plain
duty or the especial wish of the Emperor
makes it necessary. A favorite phrase of
the old Emperor William was: "Above
all, no politics for women." The training
and the inclinations alike of the Empress
induce her to follow this belief, and it is
little exaggeration *to declare that "the
Bismarck revelations, which have of late
thrilled Germany from end to end, are
held • is her Imperial • Majesty's secret
tieart to be of less importance than, say,
the accident which lately kept , Prince
Eiter Fritz, her second boy, on his sofa
for : some weeks. From the : date of * the
birth of her little daughter. Princess Vic
toria r Louise, ; the .Empress has not been
quite so strong as before. • ".
In fact, for some considerable time she
was in very delicate health, and her phvsi
ciana insisted on hex giving up many of
her favorite occupations and leading a
comparatively indolent life. This, albeit
unVillingly, &he did, and she has gradu
ally regained her strength, though even
now she is not so robust as before. She is
still a handsome woman and certainly bet
ter looking than when, as a young girl,
she lirst gave her hand to Prince William.
Her Majesty has, to a certain extent, lost
her appearance of youth. Whether she
looks old or yoonjr. however, no pity need
be wasted on the Empress, for she is one
of the happiest women in Europe. She
absolutely adores her children, and the
great trial of her Jiie is that the advancing
years of the Crown Prince and his brother,
Eitel Fritz, make it necessary that they
should be withdrawn from her care and
placed under that of a tutor in a different
locality.
Although the Emperor is naturally un
able to give more than a limited amount
of ii i - time to them, he i^ as fond and us
proud of his children as a man can be.
He is seen at his best when in tho imper
lal playrooms, where he romps and pam
bois with th'? little ones as much to his
enjoyment as their own. The Empress
treasures up all their ainutin;; sayings for
repetition to her husuand, and. as the
children are bright and quick-witted,
these stories are often most diverting and
somewhat startling in their originality;
so Hi* Majesty often has an interesting
hour a.-* he tits with the Empress in her
boudoir, with thoughts of public business
lor onco laid aside.
When in L'armstadt last month, on the
occasion of the visit of the Czar and Czar
ina of Kussia, their Majesties of Germany
inspected many of the charitable institu
tions of the city togpther, and their visits
to the hospitals appear to have specially
interested them. They spent considerable
time in the wards, the Emperor convers
ing with the officials on thf manag ment
of the place, while the Empress, with the
sweet smile and charming manner for
which she has always been known, went
round the beds, dropping a few kindly
worts here, taking a flower from those she
bad pinned in her cor»age there, and
spreading around some of the wa:mthand
sunshine which are ho prevalent in her
own pleasant home. — London Queen.
COURTING A LA MENNONITE
Ciood Ken «oii Why tho Gtrl Might Say
"This Is So Suilfl.ii."
WJLYNESBORO, Pa., Sept. 14.— A
unique marriage ceremony was performed
here at the Reformed Mennonite Church
yesterday, by which Jacob Frantz and
Miss Annie Stauffer became man and
wife.
A large congregation filled the edifice
at 9:30 o'clock. Bishop Jacob S. Lehman
<-f f'hambersbur.i: preached a sermon about
two hours in length, which was announced
as being short on account of the hot
weather. "The Duties of Husband and
Wile" was his theme. At Us ciose the
contracting parties, who had been seated
on opposite s.des of the church, came for
ward and presented themselves at the
altar. A series of questions was pro
pounded, and those having been an
swered nflirmatively the young couple
wrre pronounced married. Both resumed
their seats and the church services were
concluded.
Courtship by members of this church is
pur.-ued in a manner peculiar to them
selves. Until the engagement, which is
several weeks before the marriage, the
bride and groom have no communication
with each other. When a brother in the
chinch wants to marry a sister he does not
make his wi^h known directly to her, but
goes to the minister and tells him his
secret. The minister, if pleased with the
match, carries the brother's message. Th
sister is usually surprised, as this is sup
posed to be her lirst intimation of the
nlan. If the proposal is received with
favor the negotiations are carried on by
the minister.
The ceremony always takes place in a
church. No invitations are issiied, but
bans are proclaimed from ila> pulpit two
weeks beforehand. During this period the
groom is permitted to visit his intended
without the ntervention of a third party.
Alter the wedding a dinner is always
served, after which bride vud groom no to
their respective homes and remain apart
for several dayy. The marriages in the
church are generally happy ones, and
there is no record of any of the members
ever suing for a divorce. — Baltimore Sun.
Auction Sale* in Japan.
There is little chance for fraud or com
plaint in the manner of conducting auc
tion sales in Japan. Allhon'eh there are
not nearly so many sales held there as in
tins country, otliciais of the city have a
way ot conducting them much similar to
our method of voting.
When an auction is to take place the
goods or property is advertised for two
weeks ahead. On the day of the sale each
biduer writes his name ana address and
the amount of his bid for each lot on a
slip of paper, which he carefully olace9 in
a box. When all the bids are it) the auc
tioneer opens the box in the presence oi
the spectators and after examining all the
pintls are declared the property of the
highest bidder. By this system the
American custom of owners bidding in
property or goods would almost entirely
disappear. -5s ew York Journal.
CORNISH STUCK
IN THE TRANSOM
Was Full of Christmas
and Wanted More
Turkey.
Imprisonment Followed His De
liberate Slight of the Yel
low-Legged Chicken.
Now HVs Sorry "He Gone and Done
It," end Wak.s From a Fear
ful Dream in a Cage.
John Cornish— colored, or rather off
color — awoke yesterday morning in a fine,
roomy cell in the City Prison. He had a
hazy recollection that it was Christmas a
week or a month before; that he had be
come full of the occasion; that he had
slipped irorn a ladder and had caught his
foot in a transom tnat stingeth like a ser
pent and bitch like an adder; that he
had been suspended by the ankle for sev
eral days and nights in front of tl c door
of a poultry-dealer labeled for sale as a
prime bronze turkey, and that the police
had rescued him from his uncomfortable
position before some thrifty matron haJ
drawn him out and stuffed his inwards
with mashed potatoes, stale bread, seeded
raisins and sage and onion.
It was a horrible dream, but part of it
was true. Ei;e why was he in jail? And
then there was an emerald and i«urple
bruise on his riglit ankle where the wicked
transom had bitten him.
After a while it all came back to him.
He had forsaken the faith of his fathers in
the fat. corn-fed chicken, with golden
yeiiow legs, and had allowed himself to
Decome infatuated with a roomful of
leaden-legged turkeys.
The aforesaid turkeys were raised on
Miller & Lux's ranch in Kern, Tulare,
Kings. Fresno, Stanislaus, Merced, San
Joaquin, can Benito arid San Luis Obispo
counties, for it requires a whole tier of
counties as big as the New England
Sta;cs to contain the ranch of the great
cattle firm. The birds were sent oy the
firm as Christmas presents for their
friends in this Ct:y and were stored in
room 27 on the third fioor of 508 California
street. This room had been occupied by
a pair of pretty typewriter?, but they had
moved out some time before, and the
silenco of death, or rather of deail tur
keys, pervaded the apartment. It was
tilled with cases containing the juicy
alfalfa-fed birds oi the desert.
Cornish had ben assistant to Janitor
Wi'son for several months, off and on — off
in dull seasons and on in busy seasons —
and he happened to be on during this
week and got "on" to the fact that there
were turkeys enough for a regiment in the
room.
Then the police got "on" to him, and
that's why he looke.l cross-eyed through
the st«-el bars of his bird-cage in the City
Prison yesterday.
"How did you happen to get stuck in
that transom V* was asked of him yester
day by a Call ieporter.
Mr. Cor rush is about three-quarters, or
maybe three-quarters and a half, white,
and his complexion is coffee and milk. He
is a little feilow, not more than 5 feet 5
inches tail, and weighs ai-oul 120 pounds.
It could be observed at a glance that ne
was a good tit for that transom.
"VVeli," replied the turkey-hunter, "I
was full of Christmas. Fact is, I was fuil
of whisky and was drunk, and didirt know
what I was doing."
"Why aid you try to get into theroom?"
"I buppo.se I was after turkey. Pat's
true. 1 was so drunk I slipped, and my
foot caught in the transom. I thought I
was gwine to fall on my head on the Ho',
shua , but my loot got stuck on the tran
som and I hung heud down outside tho
do' for rifteen minute?. I hollered till the
police came anl took me up. My head
was gitttn' fuil of blood, and I nearly
choked. Say, what's the usp of putting
all these things in the paper?"
Cornish went ba< k to his cage, to be
joshed by the hobos. He is 52 j*ears old
and a native of Maryland, and says that
he was .".ever arrested before except ior
get'ing drunk.
He will appear before Judge Low next
Monday.
GRUMPY IN THE DUMPS.
A Croud 3lan to Have About an Under
taker's.
Grumpy at his cest is not a compan-
I ionable man, but when unusually dis
turbed in his mind, stomach or liver he
is simply a social terror, says the Detroit
i Free Press. He loses all regar 1 for tiie
amenities of life and :s an animated frost
moving through the warm currents of so
ciety. One of the men with whom he can
get along the best is Jolly, but there are
states of his depression when Grumpy
Would do im worst to stir up h row with
a saint. Grumpy and Jolly met the other
morning with this result:
"Ho*v do you do?" inquired Jolly,
cheerfully.
"How do Ido what?" growled Grumpy.
"I mean, how are you, of course."
"How am I what? Explain yourself."
"Oil, you've got one of your fits,
Grumpy! How do you feel?"
"1 feel sati?n».'d with the results of the
election. I feel that 99 per cent of the
human race are fools, that marriage in a
failure, that our social organization is a
huge farce and that the man who is will
ing to live his iif.» is entitled to an ever
lasting reward."
"See here, old man, your spieen's out of
whack. The whole scoi>e and exient of
my curiosity was to ascertain the state of
your health."
"Oh, only that? What in creation do
you take me for? I've had forty doctors,
am! a!l of them put together can't answer
your question. You want to know off
hand from a layman what these forty pro
fessional healers have failed to tell me,
though I have pnid out enough to make
the whole kit of them comfortably well
off. You're old enough to know better."
"Good-morning,"said Jolly, as he moved
away, with as great, a show of anger as he
could ever make.
''Nothing of the kind," shouted Grumrjy.
"Darned beastly, raw, cold, drizzing
morning. A case of pneumonia In every
breath. You don't seem to understand
your language. Jolly. When you get so
you can express yourself correctly and in
teliixerrtly come around."
KEW TO-DAY.
Many people drink coffee and
are sorry for it afterward.
They like the flavor, but can't
stand the effect.
It's hard to get along without
real coffee until you've tried Old
Grist Mill Wheat Coffee. Then
it's easy.
Ask your grocer about it.
POTTER & WRIGrITINGTON,
Boston, n-dss.
XKVr _ TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
GREAT REDUCTIONS
_ ■ ; : -ON"- ; —
HOUSEHOLD GOODS!
STRIPED JERSEY FLANNELS, regular price . 60c per yard, marked 9Xn
down t0......... OOli
PRINTED FRENCH FLANNELS, marked down to y*,,
IMPORTED DOWN QUILTS, marked down from $15.00 t0..... 00
11-4 HEAVY WHITE BLANKETS, marked down from $6.50 to Q>A QQ
11-4 CROCHET SPREADS, marked down t0... <i>l QQ
11-4 MARSEILLES QUITS, marked down from J2.5Q t0... Q1 QQ
GLOVES! SPECIAL VALUE!
LADIES' 4-BL'TTON REAL KID GLOVES, fancy embroidered <>1 AA
backs, all colors (worth $L£o a pair), now tpx»\J\J a pair
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
»_! 3ET. j A._3lj^\. ESP _*_->_■<_> Hi.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S.Broadway, Los Angeles
WITH ONE STOaME;
In selecting your CHRISTMAS PRESENT buy something your WIFE,
DAUGHTER or SISTER REALLY NEEDS and which you will eventually
have to buy. Kindly pay us a visit and we will assist you in finding some-
thing that will b3 JUST THE THING.
We still have a few left of those LADIES' RAINCOATS with CiO QC
Cape at *P_.OO
LADIES' CORDUROY WAISTS, dressmaker made and lined QiA ~7 PL
throughout, reurularly $6, now at vp-T» I kJ
LADIES' KERSEY JACKETS, silk lined, velvet on collar, and<£ir\ OC
never sold less than $15, now at.......'.......... \pi\J.
. 9 14 MARKET ST.
KNITufINGGD. : ,,:
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
■ Formerly at 120 batter . Street, ■
WIUOIT your...
I SILK, WOOLEN,
TO OIIDFR i LINEN, MERINO and
A " mlu " n COTTON
UNDERWEAR !
W 1 « m V Ixd I S V V tall 611
™ Best Treatment
■!^i-P"Su Karkct st# ' s< F *' Cal<
1 W^jfe^^j'.^ '*'*'# 9tol^A. M. ilid i! to 5
ifc/^^^&^iiiP Sundays ll> to 12 A. M.
Wfll^v^_?PSßy * Ray Examinations.
iSS^W 1 !!! I^7 t* Electricity Given
(DOCTOR COOK ) When Advisable.
If you are afflicted do not rely too much
upon the recuperative powers of nature.
Lose no time in getting back your health.
A little medicine now will do more good
than a whole drugstore by and by.
DR. COOK CURES All fun f ct *° nf) ,\ dl
*^^_^ mwmm _, eases of the Heart,
Luugs, .Liver, -loruacli, Kidneys, Bladder and
Urinary Organs.
DR. COOK CURES Chronic Catarrh and
m-__™— _i >— i "" ailments of the
, i^ar, lirniii, >.'osi: and Throat.
DR. COOK CURES A" Blood a d Skin
pj^bbp^ mmm _ mm m D'-SCKSCS and Piles,
i'l.uiia, KiieuuiHiisiii and Rupture.
DR. COOK CURES Go n orrl>cea, : Gloe-,
_ „ „ _,„ —^^ _a^_ . stricture, Syphilis,
Vnricocele, llydrou.-le mid nil other sexual de-
formities, diseases and disabilities. '
DR. COOK CURES Lost ■ mnnhood and
_,^ ___ I f s long train of dii-
ire sui^ symptoms — .Mg.it Emissic:s ( l£xhaust-
Ing Drains, Impotenry, Pimp c?," Nerv >usness,
ples-n.-es, BashftiluesF, Despondency, Stu-
pidity, Loss of Ambition, Unfr.ncss lor Pleas,
ure. Study, Business or Marritig^. »nd oiher
signs of Phys.cil, Mental 1 and Sexual Weak-
ness. ,
DR. COOK CURES Every form of Fe-
, , .I,— i, „■— ..»,i.,ii,, male Complaint—
, Falling or Displacement uf the Womb, Painful,
Irregular, scanty or Profuse Menses, Periodi-
cal iictidache, LeneorrhCßa, Nervousness, Hys-
teria and other distressing ailments peculiar
to women.
DR. COOK CURES "by mail. Therefore.
n. , , . i write if yon cannot
Crt.;!., A liable L>o..k, uevoted to diseases of
men, free upon application. Address •:•'. •
DOCTOR COOK,
865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. .
(Opposite Baldwin Hotel).
NOTARY PUBLIC.
I CHAKLIiS H. ' PHILLIPS. AT rORXET. A*
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market si., oppo.'
Site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence ltJJ*
i'tA street. Telephone - fum " 2601.
ISspi> MANHOOD BESTGREDJSS:
lU^^siuW >^ \ ■■■•*»■■■*'**■* 18fa»J S Wilti/Vitttllzer.tlieprtscrip.
U Tv '<^ f*7 ttW 2»n <* tionor a mmous irench physician, will quickly cure you of all ncr-
■ \\\ ,CrW \*y ", \i ? ous or dis^asea of me generatlva organs, such as Lost Manhood,
■V, __/ V: -V— l Insomnia, Pains iu the B.ick.beminal Emissions, Nervons Dpbilitv
H 1 i^iflL T wPf' Pimples, Unfltnass to Marry, Kxhaustin^ Drains, Vnrieorele and
SB \r - '# -V -/Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Proven quick.
IB ?■*;■' •>>«/;•" •} ' nessoi dischnrgp, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
— BEPQRC AFTFB all the horrors ollrapotency. < lIPIBKSE cleanses lie liver, iiia
'■, fcrwrll *' mlm ' 11 * , Mrl .' kidneys and the urinary organs of all imparities. '
™* , CITPI>>E2IIE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
•"■■*.' The reason sufTercr: are not cured by Doctors la because ninety per o *l** 1 * are tronbleu wltb
PTCMtstltla. CDPIDENE Is the only Sno Jin remedy to cure without an operation. SOCO tost imoal.
Bis. > A written guarantee griven and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur&
|1.00 a box, six for (5.00, by mail. Send for free circular and testimonials.' ..
. T Address DAVUL MtWItINK CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. 'Fors»!eby
WSMtil^gß ,"v BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Lowell strew.
THE
WEEKLY
cm,L
c/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
ex News of the Week and
=>< -MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
=< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
c/ PAPER ON THE .
cJ PACIFIC COAST
Ij Always Republican, but Always
q) Fair and Impartial in Its
q) Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
o) It's the Paper to Send East if
cJ You Want to Advertise
cJ California.
O< v J —
°\ The Best \ /Mining
c* Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on /\ Is Accurate
fJ The Coast / \& up to data
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ or Faky, and Not a Line of
°V it Dry or Uninteresting.
■®J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESSDi-
Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©< Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C* HOME :; MAIL, $1.5 C
fj INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEAK>'Y AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RS.
modeled aod renovate-i. KINO, WAKDaca,
European plan. Kcxim* '>•)■: to $1 50 pur ay. II
to $S per weeK, $3 to S3J per moniu: fres n»i-u:
Lot aud cold water every room: urn «ra;** »4
every room: eluv^toi' tuiu aiJuisa.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
PTSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.l/—
TlO Market street, open untU 12 o'clock era?
BigM in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery atiwt,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£39 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.arkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* op«"
ont!! 9 o'clock. -
£518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cin'KCII NOTICES.
FIRSI CHURCH OF CHKIST^ BCIKN-
&-*> tist— services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall.
>36 Post st . cor. I'owell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject, "Review." Sunday-school for
children at the same hour. "Science ami
Health" Study 'I liiirs«'.«y nt 8 P. M. in Mystic
Hall, 320 Post st All are welcome.
cF^ FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHUnCH,
i-» & cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.1)., iiastor: Rev. Edwin Hart
Jenks, co-pastor; Christmas service, viz : 11 a. m.,
Orscan prelude, -Paiitoral symphony, 1 " ■ Messiah
Handel: anthem, "Arise, Shine, for Thy Light
Has Come." Marston: solo, "Christmas" (I'orter).
Mrs. I). P. i".i>j'--s: osTenory, "Glory to Heaven' j
Fternal King" (Helmud), Mr. T. C. Hughes:
anthem, "Hark, What Mean Thos? Holy Voices?"
(Elliott): ore:m postlnde, "Christmas March"
(Merkel). The sermon will le by Dr. Mackenzie. :
Fvenins praise service: Address b\- Mr. JeiiKs;
organ prelude, •'i-astoral" (I'aptlste): anthem,
"When Marshaled on the Nisrhtly Plain"
(Mars;. in i : solo. "One Quiet Night" (V.iuri>rwiuer),
Mrs sedgley Reynolds: organ solo, ••OrY.-rtory."
(Wely): so;o, "1 he Mir of Itothlehcm" (Adams),
It. Gilbert F. Graham; anthem. -They W era
shepherds" (Blumen»chpin): organ posthnie,
"Hallelujah Chorus". (Messiah), Uandel. Choir-
Mrs. D. I*. Rig^s, soprano: Mrs. I. Bedgley Rey-
nolds, contralto; Dr. Gilbert F. Graham, tenor;
Mr. J. ('. Hughes, basso: > tto Kleissner, organist
nnd musical director. lay school at 12:45
p m: Orcnestra, "Hallelujah Chornt" (Messiah),
E and el; solo for cornet with urches'raaccompani- 1
iiient, "Nazareth" (Gounod), Miss Jessie Me Lane:
orchestra, "I Know That My Redeemer Liveth"
(Handei ; Christmas carols by the Sunday-school, j
Sunday-school orchestra of thirty pieces. All are 1
welcome.
jKS=" CALVARY PRKSBYTERIAXCHORCII.
u>-^ corner of Geary and Powell sis.— Rev. John j
Hemphill, D.U.. pastor, will preach at 11 a. M.
and 7:30 r. M. In the evening thore will
b' a special musical service: selections
from the oratorio of the "Messiah," with
an address on the same. Organ voluntary,
"■Messiah." Professor R. I). Rurness: "Jubilate
Deo.' ' the choir: recitative and ariu, -'Every Val-
ley shall Be Exalted." D. M. Lawrence: recitative,
••Ihus saith the Lord." aria, "But Who May
Abide." W. C. Camnbeil; recitative and aria, "O.
Thou. Thai Tellest," Miss Jeanetie Wllcox:'recita-
tive. ■• For Behold Darkness Shall l'over ihe Earth"
W. i . Campbell: recitative, chorus, "Glory to
<.o.i"; aria, "Rejoice Greatly," Mrs. Priest-Fine;
aria. "He >liall Feed His Flock." Miss Wiicoxand
Mis. Fin-; organ postlutio. ■'Hallelujah Chorus," 1
Professor. R. D. Burness. Morning service—
Christmas anthem, solo and quartet, from "'I he
Eastern Mountains." by I', a. >-<lmeckfr; offer-
tory, bas* solo, "Nazareth" (Gounod), W. C. Camp-
bell. All aretordlallv invited.
Wr~S^ HOWARD PRESBYTEBIA* CHURCH,
5^ cor. ( ;.k ana Baker sts.— Rev. F. R. Karraiid,
pastor. Christ mas services at 11 a m. and 7:45 p. m.
Morning theme, "Echoes from Ket'ilehem's Ho v
X Ight." Special Clni-tmas music by select choir.
In the evening a Chribtmfls praise service, the
clioir assisted by Dr. A. O. Ktcensburxer. violon-
cellist. Sabhath-school at 9:30 A. m. Y. P. S.
C. K. at 6:30 P. M. Prayer-meeting Wedne*lny
evening, serial and watch-meeting on Thursday
evening. Pastor's residence, 519 Devisadero st.
if- ■&- FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, ;
SE--Js' SE. cor. Post and Mason -Rev. (George ]
C. Adams, 1). D.. pastor, will preach morning j
11 ml evening. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
tbeme: '-National Ills and Their Remedy." Even- i
ing service at 7:80 o'clock: theme: '-Strive to '
Enter In." Sunday-school at 12:45 P. M. Youiit:
Pi ople's Society of Christian Endeavor at 6::-0 j
p. vi. Wednes lay even 1 rayer-meetinff at 7:;-0. |
Samuel D. Mayer, orranlst and .musical director. I
Ff^-g-- THIRD CONGREGATIONALCHURCIi.
ti^ £ ' Fifteenth St.. rear Mission-Rev. William
Reder, rastor. Services at 11 a. m, subject:
"The Optimism of Chris-ia-is." Services at 7:30 '
r. m. subject: "A Christmas Message" to com- j
mercial travelers wh 1 will attend, .special Christ- ■
mas music under direction of William C. Biadtfeld,
by chorus choir of t\ven;y-nve voices, assisted by
prominent soloist?. Morning: "Te Deum"
(TliayiT): "It Came L'pon the Midnight Clear" :
(.-ulllvaii); soprano solo »nd chorus: duet from '
•'lh" Holy Cnild" (Parker). Evening: ">». >ing j
to God" (Gounod), soprano and alto solos and
chorus: violin solo. "Melnncho'ie" (Leonaid).
A. A. Solomon; "The MangerCradie" (Neidllniter).
alto so.o and chorus; The First Christmas"
(Barn by . choral anthem In four parts; "L'naer
Starry sky" (Sto.y), soprano solo with violin;
ot.liKnto All are cordially invited.
ft""-"""- THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, '
• t^* sw. cor. cieary and Franklin sis.— Dr.
su'bblns, minis: The Sunday-school is at a:45.
Bib e-dass conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomh.
1 lie morning servce is at 11 o'clock. Appro- I
priate to the Christmas season. All are. cordially
Invited. The evening service is omitted.
SfcT"=-- THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
Ur~i' cor. Twentieth and Capp ss— A. J. Wells,
pnslor. Sermon at 11 a.m. by Hey. i-.liza Tapper
Wiikt-s: sutiject. "What! limkYeof Christ?" Lec-
tuie. a: 7:4& p. m. by the pastor on "Music as an i
An." Both services will be marked by special 1
.. niu.-ic. seats free. " Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. !
•" I'uitor's resdence, 20 Liberty street-
■ '■•■|tr~&*' : fclMPso.N MEMORIAL METHODIST i
■ : .-&**' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan '
... srs. — Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309 ;
: Halghi st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3j p. m. ;
•*. Special 1 i:r:s:nias services to-<la .'. Fine ->;u-ic by
, Sou ole quartet. Sermon in tue mor.'iiug by Rev. :
John Coyle D.1).: in the evening by the pastor. j
Topic. "\\ hat Christ Has Done for Liberty." sun- |
c!a\ -t,c!iool at 12 r.M.. C. U. Perkins superintend- j
ent, worth Leaeue service at 6:30 p.m. The I
■public cordially invited to all the , services of i
•this church, Seats tree. Ushers in attendance. i
. I layer-nietiiug Wednesday evening at 7:45 I
O'clock. j
'«£""■""■•.■■ FIRST. : BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY !
»s^- 6? S [_ $ neor Jones. — Rev. M. P. Bovnton,
pastor. Services to-day: Pri-achinz by the pastor i
, at 11 a. M.: subj-Ct.' 1 be Manger Throne." Special
• [Christmas music. '• t 7:30 P. M.. Rev. D. W. lea- 1
Icheurof ClUiJKwil] speak of his work. Sunday-
. .school, IJ. :-i) P. m. "V . P. S. of C. K. at 6:30 P M. :
■'Vrayer-meetinK '•> ednesday, 8 p. M. Christian Col-
. u;i.. 1 lass Friday, BP. M. All theie services are I
;open to the publ.c. Strangers are especially wel- !
1 -.':.._' i
.'■ft^F FIRST CIIRIS T I A X CHURCH,
• .-.l*-*' Twelfth sU, bet. Howard and Mission—
•"Pastor, Frank S. For!. Christmas sermon at
11 a. M. by the pastor: surject. "savior." Old
y'Mir sermon at 7:-)5: subj»c, -i rusadt — shall We
;Jledeem ,he Dying century?" Baptismal service
;at close of evening service. Sunday-school. 9:30
s a. m. .Y. P. fc. C. i . b:3O p. M. seats free. All wel-
;<onie.
I'-K^ FIRST NKW JERUSALEM CHURCH
;Er-£' (>ue.|en)iors;lnn), O'l-arrell street, between
Webster and Filiniore— l'astor. Rev. D.V. Rouen.
Sermon at 11 a. m.; text. ''Emmanuel— God With
Us. ' The seventh lecture of the present course
will tie given at 7-.M) p.m.; subject, ■•Birth of
Jesus Christ." seats free All aie cordially in-
vited. snijha'.h-nclioo! at 10 A. M.
yt^*?- ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON
w-*^ and Kills sts.— Special service to-d.^y at 3
o'clock. Address by Rev. Hasten Smith of Lon-
don. Eng. Subject, '•-■even Thousand Years Ago
or the Mysteries Of Ancient Egypt." service iree
to both ladies an.l gentlemen.
BETS 1 - »"A«HISGIV a 'ALL, 35 EDDY ST —
Kfc~-^ 11 A.M. mid 7:45 p.m.. Rev. G. W. Hen-
ning. Topic this morning, "Wnal Is the Most
Urgently Needed Reform?" Evening, '-Love thy
Neighbor as "I hyself." Everybody invited.
|t-~^' 'CHARITY," WILL BE THE SUBJECT
»**? cf discourse by ICider E. 11. Nye of the
Church 'of Jesus Christ of Latler-dav Saints,
Sunday, December 27, »t 7: 55 p. m.. Pvthiau
("nstl>-, 909 -Market s . There will also be Sunday-
school In same hall at 10 a. m. and church services
at 11 a. m. All welcome. No collections.
1K55-" THE 'IHEOSOPHICAL- SOCIETY". —
tt > -»' Free public lecture every Sunday evening
at 8 o'clock. Native Sons' building 414 Mason si.
To-night, 'Cycles and heir Correspoudences," by
Miss Marie a. Wa sh. Good music. "
Vt ~iy • CAS FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAJL
&^&" society— Free public lectme to-ni»{ht ai
Academy of Sciences Hall, 819 Market .5.,8 p. m.
"A 'I hi osoplnciil Idea of Duty." by K. P. Jones.
SUNDAY MKETLNGS.
GRAND DECORATIONS, HOLIDAY PLAT-
-:-\J form tost meeting, Krlend.slilp Hall. 3^6 Mc-
:Alli«:er; « p. m : the grand juan omnia of the
• "spirit returned de:i oi.s; sealed letters r a 1
..and full names given by Mri. CJ. Merer, Dun-
• bam, Hoslcius, Champion ami others: everybody
, Welcome; sittings ualiy.
C" vaTi i-T>"k.n ia Ttatk SPIRITUALISTS' AS-
sociation, Scottish Hall, 105 Larkiu st., SUN-
= ". : DAY, December 27,' at 7:80 F. m. Mrs. Maude L.
•Freitxg. the most wonderful hallo; test medium
ever known, sreeptics confounded and investi
'. gators onvmced. Admission, 10c.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY MEETS
at Fraternal Hull, Washington street, at 3 p. m.,
' •-.• when Mrs. Kreitag. the phenomenal ballo.-i.-3i.
" nieamm, will hold a public seance. .-.be comtorts
the ulllicted, confounds skeptics and proves a
future life. No evening meetings,
~K 1 DR. RIN-KS' -SPIRITUAL MEETING,
A. 9 9 Market si., circles and platform test*:
li a. m.. free: 2 p. re, Mr. Hansom, Mr. Hargrave;
•H. Mine*. ■ .-eely. Dunham. Kotter, Henderson, J.
K. Little: Dr. St. Clair lecturer. Doctors ollice,
1236 Market st.. 7 to 10 P. M.
A" '! 5)97 MARK ET >T., FIRST PROGRESSIVE
sj)irit\ii.l Church: 11 a. m., test developing
: circle; '2 p. M . sts to all: Mrs. Header JOB, Dun-
"- ham : Xp. M . tests, sealed loiters i ; Mrs. Har-
land, Dunham. M. Kep and other mediums.
DWARD KA RLE'S LAST
EDWAtti) E \i'.LK> LAHT >I. A IK- WRITING
seance to-night at 8 o'clock, Loring Hall,
' Eleventh and t lu> sis , Cakiand: bring your own
1 slates: admission 25c
R. HAXSKX; I I.ST AND DEVELOP ClR-
cies: 11 a. M., 7:30 p. it.: gool mediums. 827
'. Mission St.: free. ,
. O-NIGHI, 111 LARKIN SI.. KATIE HKL'ss-
X rnnnn's wonderful tests: all welcome: 10 cents.
QEANCii TO-NIGHT: MKS. EGGER'I' AIT-
O KEN: also Tues. eve: 25c. 320 McAllister .st.
. st" MEETING f 2 AND 8 P. M.. 10c. 335 Mo-
J. AUlster St.: Slit:, Clemens; skeptics invited.
■\4 ATKRIALIZIXG SEANCE TO-MGHT; 50c;
J>J sitting daily. MR>. FULTON, 31 Fell st.
RS. iSURINER, CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: TESTS
to all : 25c. 311 Van Ness aye. -j
i[ WEEK'S NEWS TOR 5 CENTS — TJiii
-.1 WEEKLY CALL,. In wraDDer, for mailing.
NO TICK OF MEETINGS.
I£-""S=- PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136. F. a
fif"*". and A. M., 121 Bddv St., will meeton _«.
SUNDAY, at 9:30 a. m., 10 :if .- the "*Kjf
funeral of our iate brother JAC^B LEVY", f^yy
Master Masons are invited.
GEORGE PKNLINGTON, Secretary.
S^Zf-T AIIUC BEN A Dll KM LODGE
&■-& No. 112, 1. O. O. K. — M.-ini.ers^3?3E^.
are notiried m attend funeral of our ~4s!^E^2ir
late brother. SAMUEL W. HARPER, -^7/11^
from lodgeroom, MONDAY, 1 p. H.
FREDERICK MADS.X.V, >. G.
•fr"S^PioNEKii>-^Tir^ Z-rris?r7i* > *^
"*"- c ' members of the :-o- £wlif l T*!^(£ : iHi^^
ciotyoi C':i!iforniii J'lom e rs SWrjjffiWim^&sQL
are requested loHtiend 1 1 1 « ■
Hall, TO-i'A\ ( inlay ).. *^^^ w^^*
December 27, a' 1 i>. M l tineral deleitallon, lake
notice ■ 1 lens- wear me usual funeral badge.
HOGMANAY— OB 'A NIGHT AT" C 7 v.
the Auld Hame" will be celebrated "^ {M VjJ
In grand style with ball and baaque tig 'T^JLyc'
the s-an I'iaiK-isco .-cottlsh Thistle Club *c=5"S
at B'nai ii'rltn Hal. THURSDAY EVENING,
December 31, 1896 Tickets *1 each.
J. I). COULJK. Royal Chief.
GKouiiK W. Patkkmon-, Recorder.
EUREKA BENEVOLENT AShOClA-
t£^ s> tlon— The annual meeting of th" members
of this association u ill beheld THIS DAY (Sun-
day), Dec. 27, 1890. a. 10 a. m.. at the office of
the association, 105 Sto kton St.. room 24. By
Older LEO E LOESS Secretary.
■P^g=- RIGGERS' AXT7sT~KVEDOREK' UNION
v*~-^ Association— The members of this associa-
tion are hereby notified 10 attend their meeting
MONDAY EVENING, at ":.->0 o'clock sharp, for
the transaction ot very important business. Of-
licetK for the ensuing term will be nominated. By
order ALEX CAMPBELL, Fresltleuu
T. E. Durham, secretary. '
jr'Sp A SPECIAL MKKTING OFTHK MKM-
"t-** 7 beis of the Bishop Arnnitace Churcli Or-
ptaanage will be held at the oflice of the secietary,
BSO California street, room 3S, on January 12,
1897. at 12 M.. for thu purpose o: revising or
amandine the by-iaws oi said corpomtion, or
adopting new by-laws; also for the transuctioi of
such o:her business as may come before t lie mc»t-
in-. U W AIiIIAJI. secietary.
CJV- ANNUAL -MEETING— THE REGULAR
w~-»^ annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sum Dum Chief .Minim; Company will be held at
the office of the company, room 3 in the Ho-
bart building. 532 "Market St., San Francisco. Cal.,
on SATURDAY, the '..'d day of January, 1897, at
the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve during the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come I efore the meeting.
H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
. Office— Room 3 In the Hobart building, 532 Mar-
ket St., san Francisco. Cat.
f?g| DIVIDK.M) NOTICES.
J£"3v» HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
f*^ sy clety, IN Geary 9t —The directors have de-
clared the folio in semi-annual dividends 4.20
per Bent per annum on term and 3.tio per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2. 1887, ERNEST BRAND, Sec.
«f;~3p SECURITY &AVIXGS BANK, 222
■^-^ Montgomery St., Mills building; dividends
on term depo its at the rate of fcur and one-fitth
(4 1-5) per cent per annum, and on ordinary de-
posits at the rate Of three ami one-half (3V>) per
cent per annum, for the half year ending i>ecem-
ber 31, 1896, will be payable free of taxes on and
after Janury 2, 1897.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
{STS"* dividend NOTICE— SAVINGS- AND
iS^S^ Lo.in Society, 101 Montgomery st., cor. "Ut-
ter. Kor the half year ending December 31. 1895,
a dividend has been declared at the rate of four
and two- tenths (4 2-10) per cent per annum on
term deposits and three and one-half (3"A) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of faxes,
payable nu and after Saturday, Jaauary 2, 1897.
Dividends not called for are added to anil bear the
same rate of dividend as the principal from and
after January 1, 1897.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
•rrgp DIVIDEND NOTICE— the GERMAN
m~& Savings and Loan society, 526 California
street. For the hall year ending December 31,
1596, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
lour and twenty-six- hundredths (4 i.'6-l()0) per
cent per annum on- term deposits anil three an.l
liny-live hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday, Jauuarv 2. 1897.
GEO. TuURNY. secietary.
stT2p« DIVIDEND .NOTICE— -MUTUAL SA V-
**■--*' Ings Hank of San Fr.ineisc\ 33 Post su— For
the hnlf year ending Lea 31, 1893, a dividend ha-i
been declared at the rnie of lour (4) per cent per
a'inum on term deposits and three nnd one-third
(S-SoVis) percent per annum 011 ordinary deposits,
free of tuxes, payable on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. 2. 1897. GEORGE A. STORY', (.ashler.
jfrrg= DIVIDEND Noll E— SAN FRANC IS-
»■"-»' co Savings Union, 5:-2 I'Hlifornla street, cor-
ner Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
Of December, 1893, a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four an.l two-tenths (4.2)
per cent on term deposits ana three and five-tenths
(3.5) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, January 2. 1*97.
LOVE I I. WHIT- . I ashler.
M'IXIAL KOXICKS.
WE^jfp INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $26: PER-
CS~JS' fee: ly harmless; ladies treated at home. B.
; D. KIM MIS, 916 Market st., Columbian Building.
9T~sr> GAS FiX.UItE-5 MADE TO ORDER;
' w- ' cheapest p;a'e in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
jt^fc-» BAD Ti-.NANi-- r.JhCTKII >OK $4:
m^-& collections raiute, cltr cr country. Paclfl3
■ 1 rllwtion Co.. 415 Mont*"' »»„ room 6. T»'. f>f>MO
blllAliO.Ns \» AN ki^Lf-i EIIALE.
j ANTED- POSITION ASTRA v"eLiN(VcOM-'
' • * pnnion to Invalid or children going East in re-
| turn for tirst-class fare. Add. K. C. 923 McAllister.
ITU AT 1 0 WANTED BY < ] 51).5 1 ). RF.LIABLE
girl f.'r general housework: good cojk; ue-t !
! of references, fail 1054% Howard st.
I WANTED— BY ' YOU NO LADY, POSITION j
, >> as bookkeeper or oflice assistant. S. It., box
; 75, Call Ollice.
POSITI* V AS SKAMSTRKSS AND DRESS-
J- maker in wealthy family; no objection to coun-
: try. Address MRS. . SIIMiS. J221 O'Farrell.
B~Y LADY OF .EXPERIENCE, A PoSlTli'N
to care for Invalid. Address MRS. CUM-
i MINUS. 1221 O'Farrell st.
r\ ERMAN WOM X WISHES any KIND of
j \J work by the day. Call or address 1504 a How-
\ ard st. -
i WANTED— BY" A YOUNG MARRIr.D LADY,
: " position as nousekeeper. Call to-day, between
! 2 and 4, L. A. D., 2919 Sixteenth st.
j \' OUNG LADY' PoTs~KSSInTj MANY AC-
' 1 cori.plishruents desires a position as house-
keeper in a bachelor's or widower's home. Room
2, 223 Post st.
ANIMi GIRL WISHES A SITUATION IN
privat- family to do general housework or
I cooking. Apply at 207 Montgomery aye.
.'OMAN WITH a CHILI) WANTS SITTJA-
'» tlon: city or con try; good cook; do general
housework. 221 Minna st.
I)LAIN WASH IN. wanted by a first-
j X cla«s washer: cents per piece 2 5 Polk, rear.
j T\RESSMAKKR WISHES ENGAGEMENTS;
XJ $1 per day; good fitter and cult r; dres es
I made over: sum made in two days. 846 Valencia.
j "yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE
I JL day: washing, cleaning, cooking or chamber-
; work. MRS. X., 504 Third st-
COMPETENT. TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
V^' wishes to do wishing. Ironing, cooking or
housecleanlng by the day: best references. . MRS.
M. CUR 1 IS, 3367 Tu.-niy-sUth St.. near Mission.
"IV ANTED — POSJ'IIO.N BY FIRST-CLASS
tt cook; cltv or toun'ry; city references: hotel,
boardlnc-hoitse or rancn. Ilg Fifth st.
pKLIA BLK AMEKICAX WOMAN. WITH
It daughter (14), wishes situation by January 1
at homework, chaniberwoiK or nurse tor children;
city or country; family or Institution: small
wages. Address MRS. M.. box 73. Call Office.
\' UUU U WIDOW -DESIRES A POSITION AS
housekeeper; good cook; prefers a widower's
or bachelor's home; city or country. 309 Sutter
St., room 3. ; -'; '
:an i i-jj"— position as waitri or
"T chambermaid, city or country, by young
lady. Address > box 75, Call Oflice.
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's home by experienced American
lady: a*e 25; good references P. A., box 74, Call.
ASTERN LADY WANTS SITUATION AS.
housekeeper: city or country; the best of ref-
erences Apply 138 a Fourth st . room 4. '
V r OUNG Wl l -OW OF EXPERIENCE DRr
X «ires a posi 1< n as working housekeeper for
widower or in lodging-house. Call after 12, room
9, 472 Stevenson st., corner sixth.
\\ r Oi M, WO* AN WoULli LlivE POSITION.
. as hou-iekeeper: city or country. 144 Fifth s-,
room 6.
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
as managing housekeeper. Address 8 Mason
si., room 3.
I"JosnioN WANTED --BY a THOROUGHLY
competent and experienced housekeeper, with
good reference. Inquire 11 11 suiter st.
Y'Ji'X" JiADy, \VLViTTs position TO DO
i- second worlc and sewing In private family;
best references. Address A. T., Young Women's
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farreil su
GKKJIA vWoiIAN WA.sTS AS KIND OF
work by the day or hour; . "ashing, -Cleaning
ur cooking. F., box 120, Call Office. \
A' i ) U3T( } GKP. M A N 1 1 ) ' » W DESIRES POsT
I lion as woritli g housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Four.h st., room 2.
I vRES-MAKEii, GO iD CUT AND Fli, BY"
XJ the day, 75c. 103 Eighth St., corner Mission.
AMERICAN NUR S E , EXPERIENCED.
xl. wuntscare of Invalid; low wages; medical ref-
ences. 1530 KdJv bt. •■
KEsSMAKhrt, . FIRST CL.ISB. WOU L D
like engagements by the day; city or country.
7.6 larklnsl. ,
\». l-M-iii-.i Kh tlijVfst.. 44 'UIIKD sl.. NX.
'' : Marko;: ; . rooms: 25c to 91 60 per night; .
II 60 10 Jrt per week: convenient. End respeci«L>l«. I
in* boa ana h»ccar«» to ami Jrom the :errv. .
tiilAllUAj AM'JiJJ-JIALK/ ;
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment ollice. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgt
HINKSK * JAPANESE: ENT'D. 20 YEARS;
J help;tel.m»lu 1997. iIRADLEYifcCO., 640 Clay. j
THE SAN FKAjVCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
SITUATIONS . TVANTKD-ContinnKil.
CHIKKSK AND JAPANESE'EMPLOYMEiNT
office: best help. 414 Vi Parrel 1. Tel. E 426.
APANESK IM'ELLKiENCE AGENCY. IT
73, su Ann's bllg, 6 EdJy St.: teL Main 5284.
/ i ENTLKM A N JUST ARiUVKD FROM THE
VJ East desires to connect himself with some
good house: has been connected for fifteen years
asa newspaper man, manager and salesman of
largo Eastern jobbing, ilquor-house and a cletec-
tiv. : I am thoroughly versed in said business and
a lirst-cltt->s hustli r. S. M.. box 77. Call office.
\> OUNG MAN WISHES TO ASSiST UNDER-
• laker with view to learning th- business; re-
liable, willing ami- obliging; no pay expected at
beginning. Address I., box 96, Call i tli c.
I\lsllW.vsHK X WANTS WORK IN SMALL
' restaurant or other place where he on learn
to cr.o>. 11. B. HAI SEN. box 83; Call OfllCP.
I IR.vr-CLASS'BOOKKEi-.PER AND OFFICE
' man for larte House: salary no object: rood
city and best Eastern reierenc i LUTE 11. PIKE,
Bb'9 Market su
EN GIG IN EXE K AND FIREMAN WANT- WORK
-Ci t any kind; first-class reference. Address W.
11. 8., box 76. this ollice.
ESTITUTK~~ TAILOR IN STARVING ClR-
uumitHnces wi.n'.l like a little work of any
kind. CHARLES HELLBRKK, 617 Mission.
SIEADY MAX WANTS PLACE TO MILK
O in dairy in or near city. Address PAULSON,
202 Sixth St.
OMPBTKXT TEACHER OF PAINTING.'
drawing and crayon portrai wo-jld do art
work or teach In exchange for home for self and
daughter (9 year-.) during winter: no other pupils.
Address H. W., box 112, Call Office.
MA AND WIFE WOULD LIK.h. TO GET
work in a boarding-house; man is a goo 1 cook
and his w fe a good housekeeper; city or country.
Address 271 Stevenson St.. basement,
yOU.N'fi MAN, AMERICAN. WISHES A POBI-
l tion where there Is no Su..day work ; good hab-
its and California references. C. M., box 1 38. Call.
T?NGI N R wants position* as sta-
Xli tionary engineer, or will take job of firing in
lur^'e plant; also practical in mining machinery:
pood steady mail. M.. box 109. Call Office.
I)AINTING. I'APERHANGING, BY FIRsT-
X ■ ass temperate man: must have work; will
work very cneap; day or job. Painter, box 50,
Call Office.
YOUNG STRONG GERMAN MAN, ACTIVE,
-I understands grocery and bar business thor-
ougnly, willing, desires a steady position In a
grocery. Address G. G., box 74, Call Office.
\l" ANTED— A~*CHANCE TO LEAR.S THE
' ' shoemaker.-! trade: 1 would like to make a
proposition to some shoemaker: references given.
Addre*s,J. 8.. box 83. Call Office. x
\7 AN WANTS MANAGEMENT OF HOTEL,
i'J club or Institution; experience first class.
A. M".; box '20. this ollice.
NGIx"isER7'S~POSITIOX. BY COMPETENT j
engineer and electrician, conversant with re-
iriKera i.iii; wages not so much object as steady
I'iisiiioii. Addres-i L. B. «... box 11. Call Office.
C\ i)M Pr.TKM NO INK R~ 1 1 IKES PO-
' sllion; 15 years' expei ience; high or low pres-
sure. H. JOY, 217 Minnas:., S. F.
GERMAN, KITCHEN MAN, WANTS
VT work: clean place; no room. German, 517
Howard St.. room 21. >
} EXPERIENCED BUTTER-MAKER, SEPA-
J rator pro.es«. desires a situation. Address D.,
box 142, Call Ollici;.
~\\' I.NOHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric light* in every room-. 2011
rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night: fl 50 to $8 pec
«;«ek: free bus and barcaire to »nd from the terry.
rii'F.APEST A.'"l) BEST IX AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
FEMALE HKLf WANTED.
T Aj7y~MlA j7y~MI AmToOeIT "F^OR^uIrVKISirBA'TH:
1j must be a good rubber; 35. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 110 Gear/ at.
k^ b'i KM 1 -class waitresses HOTELS,
a city, $20: waitress assist chamberwork, f 20;
waitress assist p aln sewing. $20. C. R. II AN SEX
A CO., 110 Geary st.
/ 1 IRLFOK GENERAL HOUSEWORK SMALL
* I American family, $'20: call early Monday
morni;ig. C. Ii HAN SEX & Co., 110 Geary st.
OLORED COOK. *30, A> D COLORED WAlT-
ress hanie place, piivate family, $15: tin -class
cook, privats farailv. French, *2."): nursesirl, as-
sist cnamberwori;.s2o.seo party here Monday nt 1
o'clock: 3 girls, light housework, in at I families,
$15: young girl, no cook, assist housework, fl2.
C. E. HAX SEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES, CITY AND COUNTRY HO-
O tels, $20, $18 »nd $15; 2 waitres»at, same
country hotel, $20 each; chambermaid, assist
waiting, and wai ress, city, $18 each: laundress
an second gir!, city: housekeeper, country, #10;
Scandinavian ranch cook, $20; young girl 12
years of n«e as lompamon. Ut ItH A V <t KKADY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
/"IIHLs-AND women "wan"' ing til UA-
*' lions of any kind city or country, call and
register at MURRAY it READY'S, Leading Em-
ploymen: Agents, 631-636 (lay st.
A.-i'KD— YOU.NG Woman, PKOTEST-
ant, to assist with housework and rare of
child, year o'.d; good home to right woman; Ger-
man prelerred; 1 hour from city: 3 in lumlly:
moderate wages. Call 3956 Nineteenth st., near
Xoe. : .
p OOD STRONG DAXIf H ORSWkDISU GIRL
'J to assist in general housework; wages $15.
BJS Francisco st., bet Leaven w< r,h and Hyde. ,
U; ANTED— YOUNG GIRi~TO AS^isT AT
light housework, *8 a month; small family.
Call at ence. 2812 Howard ;.t.
AN AND WIFE. TaKE CHARGE HOTEL
dining-room. 1723 Gois st., West Oakland.
\\> ANTED — Vull AN TO DO GKNtRAL
*» housework. Appty 3887 Twentieth st.
WANTED— P. PILn FOll PRACTICAL MIL-
'» llnery school; course ihorjugh; class no w
forming for sprin; work: satisfaction guaranteed.
221/5. Geary si., removed from 410 Leavenworth.
,' ANTI-.D— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework; wages $10. 2014 Golden Gate.
• » GuOD r>OLiCITORS> FOB A RAPIDLY SKLL-
*' ing article on a guarantee of fair wages. U. S.
Industrial Agency, room 165. Crocker building.
\ I ".ANTED— GIRL, FRENCH uR SPa.MmH,
» rare for 2 children.' Call California Hotel
Monday 10 to 12 o'clock.
\\l ANTED— YOUNG AGENTS FOR
'» Eastern manufacturerand Importer. Address
immediately !•'. W. DAVISON, general delivery,
Mm tram isro, Cal.
IltL TO ASSIST WITH i.IGHT HoUSK-
work; small litmily; wages $8. 2410 Folsom.
WANTED— NEAT GIRL FuR UPSTAIRS
*" work, s'-winu and make herself generally use-
ful: wages f.-om $12 to $15. Call 908 McAllister
St.. between it anil 11 a.m. 10-uay.
XT EAT, HONEST YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST
J-' with housework; wages $8; small family. 769
Capp st.
Q'IBO.NU GERMAN GIRL. NOT OVER 20,
O for general housework In small family; wages
$15. 15 Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-first
\\T ANTED— GIRL IN SMALL FAMILY. 1142
»» Turk st.
I,'LYN.S'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
X Academy, 14 McAllister s:.: $1 a week.
T AWREXCE CUT JI..G "SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable placa tor patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Markets'.
Ll-.T iHK PUBLIC BE NOT DECEIVED;
the Mcliowell is the best conducted and only
exc.usive dress-cutting school In the city; a visit
to our well-known academy will convince any
sane person of that lac.; patterns cut toorder, 25c,
incluuin^ s^lrtu: 2 weelc ssewinglessons free to all
entering this week. McDUOWKLL DRKBS-CUX-
TIN'u SCHOOL, 6H6 -MarKet, opp I'alace.
Ur ,\.\ ihi) — nan .iM> Wumt.N To i,f.AK.V
barber trade: only it wwni required: tonU
given and catalogue beuu fa. *. tiiioer . SclioOl,
1618 Howard st. i:i.'-; -"■-
\\ OST CON V'KN IKNT AND KKSI'EU'I ABLK;
I'l Winchester IIoiis», 44 Third st , near Market:
200 rooms: 25c to $1 ft J per night ; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'imis attd Dacuace to and trom f>-rrv.
.1i.11... . W.fc.^.l' »»A>AJil>.
"silfp CATpTTNTEiKsii COuStEy!
"X day ; job printer, 94 a day. C. R. 11 ANSEX &
CO., 11.) Geary st.
I T* 1 X ST- CLASS HA «XX KP rOR FIRST-
i X Class country hotel; $75. C. R. HANS-EN A
] CO., 110 Geary st.
| rFI RST-CLAS- WAITERS FOR KIKsT-
! «J class country hotel; $35. . C. R. UAXsEX A
I CO., liO Geary s .
OASiKY COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL. *60:
X. bread baker, country hotel, $50; French head
j cook, country restaurant, $75; ironer on sh rt and
! < ollitr machine, $30: French nUbt cook, res:au-
I rant, $40. C. R. HAN- EN & CO., 110 Geary st.
I i ' ARuENER. FLOW AND VI«.(fETA-
■ 'J bles, if . 6 midiile-Bged man; butcher for a
; ranch. $26 and 1011 rid, see boss here. MURRAY
i «fc READY', Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
! Clay st. ' "
j /• FARMERS. Wf>, $20 A D $15; 3 WAITERS:
! U 3 cooks; 2 dlsli washers. MUiUtAYit READY,
Leading i>. nip ov ment A ents. 634 and C 36 Clay.
I , . "(.oLII MINERS; "BLACiCs.»IITH For A
I mine, $2 25 a day and ! found. MURRA V A
READY', Leading Employment Ageuts, 634 and
633 Clay st. .
J.UHlli.,ll AND WiFE. $40 AND FOUND.
..T steady job: man to raise blackberries on shares.
MURRAY <t READY, Leading T mploymeut
Agents, 631 and 636 Clay st. .
AN AND WIFE (MIDDLE-AGED COUPLE),
man »s clioreman. wife as cook. MUBhaY A
Al>Y, Lending Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay St. ' ■ !______
l\; AN 1 I.D-2 BOYS WHO CAN OPERATE
1 :» »' the ' Remington typewriter. • Address P. O.
box 2048: s:ate tige an.l give references. ;:'•?
I \\f A INTELLIGENT BOY ABOUT 16
» 1 years old : not afraid to work: : wages $4. 112
Eddy st. :■ . - .-"■■: •■'-■'
\\; ANTED— ; L'.ViS YOUNG AGENTS FOR
I '» j Eastern manufacturer and importer. | Address
I immediately J. W. DAVISON, general delivery,
san Francisco, Cal. .- . ' .■■-'■•■■■..■■- - ' .
f> ood CLOTS ING SALESMAN capable
" J of .earning from $100 to $150 per month is
wanted by -class city house. LV S. Industrial
Agency, room 165, ( rocker building.
KDIaTkLY, Al SHIRT-IRONtR; MUST
rJL understand Sinclair machine and starch-maKiog:
first-class washer and soupmaker: good wages and
j touud; country; refereni.es. 674 Fo.som at., r. 10 .
lIELP WAXTED- Continued.
yOCXC, MAN AS CLERK FOR COUNTRY
X grocery, $50: also bookkeeper, $60: references.
Address, with stamp inclosed, D., box 70, Call.
X\f A TED —AN EXPERIENCED DISH-
'» washer. 3 Jackson st. '
X P..RIENCED SALESMAN ON UCIAR-
It ettes. Call. 3P. m. to-day, 204 s Ninth st.
WANTED— TAILORS TO TA?KE SITTING
*' rrom; rent low. 131 Montgomery, room 6.
\\T ANTED— MeN AND WOMEN TO WORK
*» for us day or evening at their homes; nice
pleasant work: .110 canvassing; experience not
neiessary; we pay salary; inclose stamp for par- i
ticulars. Standard Mig.Ca, 142 West Twenty-
third s:., New York. ' ■■■■'■:.
LESS Til AN EASTERN PRICES; TO
measure and in stock. Holmberg, 959 Howard.
J*iOß SALE To SHOEMAKERS — McKAY
sewing-machine; almost new; very cheap. 613
Montgomery st. • - ■
MEN AND WOMEN OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
i'l and willing to work can learn of a permanent
situation at good wages by writing at ouca to P. V.
H., box 283. Augusta. Maine-
AR'JWER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS;
must be able to give good references; no oth-
ers need apply. 33 r-lxtn st., room 18.
li* O ß FULL AND CLEAN 100 .ur.AL OR
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 13 V; Grant aye. ■
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
our own make: (2 50. 959 H'owaid. nr. Sixth.
SINGLE FURNISH ROOMS; 15c ANIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
L/AitiJjbßa' FR<jl ncriv f. UMOA" h.JII'LOV-
»-* ment secretary CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
AKBKU-- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHs, 326 Grant ava
JUL'KN M. » AlJi.\ BAKnJiK.v fcJI'LU»HK.>f
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
ARBER WASHSTAND.-, ONE, TWO AND
throe bowls, . heap. 623 Golden Gale aye.
BEST 2-CllAlK BARBER-SHOP IN CITY.
Apply at 1 Taylor st.
|. AN X I 11 BALE— HAVING PURCHASED
• » lar^p s:ock of • boots anil shoes that must l*
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
spring goods. • Cal. Boot and Shoe Mfg. co.'s stores,
<bi Market aril 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
ECRUITS WANTED FOR THE UNITED
Mates Marine Corps. United States Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their Intention
to become citizens: must be of good "character anil
habits and able 10 speak, read and write English,
and between 5 feet 5 incnea And 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the P.ecruiuu^
Office. 20 Ellis su. San Francisco. Cal.  >
IV AN Tl-.D-LA BORERS AIM li MECHANICS
•'to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sl. ; 151)
large rounis; 25c per night; $1 10 $3 per week.
flU.l A l 'Mr. nuUSr, Ko/ JiAl.ft.r.l' 5.1., HtSr
X low Sixth, for a room: ■ i:sc a night: $1 a week.
TV" r. W WALut) HOUSE, 76."> Mlsslo.s, JJKT.
-*■' Md and 4th — Single furnished rooms, night 10s
to week 60c to 82: reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet; open all night.
LCHO IHJU>f,, Hti3Va MARKE'I ST.-KuuMS
' 20c. 2&c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weeg.
OSEDA LE. 321 ELLIS— CHEAPEST AND
best lodging-house in the city: open all night.
U' IXCHtS'I'hU HOUSE, 44 1 llli-. D ST., NR.
Marxet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
0 HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW 1O ORDER:
>^ any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough, or exchanged; large stock of second-hand
shoes: first-clans repairing: work guaranittnvL
748 Mission St.. near Grand Opera-house.
10(1 2U.EN TO TAKE LuDGINO AT 10c, 150
1 I'll and -joe a night. Including coffee and roils.
K24 Washington St., near Kraruv.
\\T ANI'H-D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
' ' come simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & Co., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their ItAJJ prua
ufle.r and list of 200 Invention* wanted.
WA.>iiu,iuwli,i',l/I 1 WAUM IiUK I.AItJH
«' nniclerKs. KNOX Collection Accy. 110 Mutter
VST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 Vis, *1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorlt sis.
W ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, ISc A DAY; $1
»» week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
EblMo.N WANTS 100 Mi-.N TO i.XT HOT-
jTj. lie b»er or wine sc : best free lunch. 643 Clay.
DOOMS 15c TO 75c Pivß MOH'l : 50C TO »1 50
it )>er week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
Wanted, YOUR shoes— we repair
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
I at nlglit while you watt: ladies' soling, Mac; men' 1
tollng, 60c: tine shoes made to order from ■*'- up.
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, ac
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up ta
; *2 00. .'>6J Mission St.. bet. First s:. and Second St.
AOt.Mj AJS Xi£U. :.' ,
OUR LATEST COUNTER CARD MACHINE
is proclaimed the best ever got up; we are the
i largest manufacturing concern for slot machines.
I LEOCANDACO., Cincinnati. Ohio.
••riUBA" IS \\ HaT.THK PEOPLE WANT TO
\J know about;, now is the time to sell enr
I "Cuba" book: liberal term*: apply at once lor
I territory. F. USON, Manager Subscription De-
j partment, The Whlttaker it Ray Company. -
A (Tents- $4 a day giving "NO BURNS"
2Y away. I'URINTON <fe Co., Dcs Molnes. lowa.
GENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-ln-chlef of the
; United Stales army: first agent's commission
f22 In 3 hours. K. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department, The Wimaker & Ray Company,
72» Market st.
ICOO.US WANTKU.
vP an t KiT-'r TTh khT^Ti cfTL r~FURNisi n?B
'» connecting rooms compete for housekeeping
Within fifteen minutes of Baldwin. H., box 2, CalL
rpWO UNFURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS:
X lady won d exchange piano for rent; refined
family: permanent. Box 108.{Call Oflle-.
rp WO UN 111 . I > ED ( CTI X G HOUsE-
X keeping rooms. Address M., box 38. Call.
BOABX>fNG WANTED;
, V liil'.Nd MAN BOA iar^l^vl7^OO~>rTN
I > private family in vicinity of Eddy and Hyde
nt». Address C. box 120. Call.
V» AM X i'.D-MISCJiI.I.A.N
BUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1168 Mission st.
KCO ND- HA ND KODAKS. CAMERAS, LEN-
ses, ma?ic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
SKLL iOIJK KOOIv--, i.IAJI ril.xu A.M> .ll'.W-
p cliv in a. K'LKIN. HI!) sixth si : sen I rostil.
SkJEOICAi,.
ANEW REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails In any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be.. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well; travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home In con-
finement, Dr.' A Mrs. Davies," 11 McAllister st.,
next Hlbprnia Bank. Consul; free; French pills
$2; hours, 9 a. M. to 4, 7 10 8 v. M.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER *AlLs TO RK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; DO instruments used;
many years' experience: every case .-guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; firs:. -class private
home for confinement. MRS. Di;. I>AU£Y, Wid
Market st., over the Owl Dru? store.
R. LET'S FRBNCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter whet cause): positively safe and
sure: no-dangrr or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $150 per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of price. . WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
XEW PRuCi-.s-.— NO MEDICINE, iNsfßU-
rnent or worthless pills used; every woman
herown physician for ail female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
I. c suit and used nt home; all cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, a\H Kearny.
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time: instant relief for travelers; home In confine-
ment: consult free; confidential; hour*. 10 to ft.'
MRS. DR. WYETII. 916 Pou St.. near Larkin.
"I > ADIES, dill 11KSTKRS EXGLISHPENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable: lake no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief lor Ladles." In letter uy return mall:
at druggist's. Chichester Ciiera. Co.. Philadelphia,
Drs. <. Godwin, specialist; LaUIKS,
near or far, safe, quick cur« ■ guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: nome for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis: low lees: self cure. 004 MoAllistersu
ALPKAi's FRENCH PILLs— A BOON TO
Indies with female troubles: no danger; dare
and sure; $2 50 express C. o. D : don't delay until
too laic. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
SURE: CURK FOR ALi, Fr.MALK Dl*«
eases, from whatever cause; home 1c confine-
men: : every : com for:: action guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, Turk s:.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT D.I. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 MarKet st. : his 30 year*
rnccessful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst caees treated satlsfaciorlly by mall.
(Jjjr/WiPAip KOR A CASE I FAI l i o cur of
«JD»JI/U female com plaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation Iree. MRS. DR. >CO I T, 325 Geary st.
U PRAK'- FEMALE Rl-.GULA I ING PILLS;
safe and elllclent emnienauogue; $"1 per box.
RICH ARI)S CO..dniKglsts. 406 Clay St., sole Mgts.
DR. C. C. o'DON NELL, 1206 MARKET. (OR.
i-o.dei. (inte aye. :dlseases of women a specialty
AFETY tOK MARRIED LADIES". ADDRESS
P. O. box 1984. ' - '
HOME. A FRI EM) AND MOTHER'S CAR'S.
MRS. PH. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth st., Alamedx
I X IRREuULAR OK ANY -1-K.M ALE 11 hrt.«K
»cc MKiliß. i'UKTZ and berontent. •.64i:. 4th.
I |H.HaIL, 14 McALLiS J Eli sTKEET. Ar.AK
is Jones. Diseases of women and children. • . -i
•4 1 RS. DRS. DONOVAN, i3O« FOLSOM. St.:
i'l confinement:; terms reasonable. " *
HE A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ- WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for Sl 60, post-
Mac ires. -.___
EDUCATIONAL.
H BALD'S- BUSINESS- COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
VKKs', THE DING COLLEGE, 321
Montgomery St.: Individual . Instruction la
shorthand, typlnc. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O College, 723 Market st,, students traine.i: office
situations secured: lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH., tLwj.,
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taught:es.!B64. A. VAN DKRNAILLKN.723 MKt
OOOKKEEPINii THOROUGHLY IN 0 WEEKS
XJ or year's course tree; only acconntant teachinjc
"ARK, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
. ELAsc6> LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
• ' Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehears »l
"n ytnge. R. 5 and 12. I. o. <). F. bI(K-k. 7th amt Mlt;
"LIREXCH (HIT: NiiW METHOD; PRO
X fessor direct from Purls.' J.. box 10. Call O llice
GUITAR, -NIANDuLiN, fiA.Nu AMi.VuU.il.
VT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaux. »9 Fifth.
BOOKKPNO. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
day & night: no. -.a ■■•<.•■.; $5 month. 845 Mission.
TV IOHT SCHOOL-.HEALD's BUS.COLLEGE; 24
Xi Post ;comnierclal.shorthand. English :low rates.
PROF. LOUIS MKRKI; VIOLIN. MANDoLiN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary. nr. Powell.
INOING: PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE:
Fit- German languages mo. 109Taylor,r7.
MUSICAL INSTItUaiKXTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE .PDR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con;ain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, insta Iments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some piano* for S3,
*4 an 1 $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, *.•», $9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts; all
purchasers of upright pianos from us. have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Stelnway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stein way & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and sinter -Us., San Francisco;" also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.; Seattle. ash. 1 '«'■.:.
A N OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED:
2Y unexpected conditions arising we are author-
ized by the owner to sell -at once a very "choice
Hardman upright for what it will bring; an ex-
quisite piano: other bargains. THE J. DEWING
CO.. sole agents: plai.or warerooms, second. floor
Flood Building, Fourth and Market.
j..->oL UT 1. L V THE OL D r.ST AN D LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLEK A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms eisy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. • .
ACTUALLY 11IK BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; nee our list tor this week; pianos on $ "
94. $5. $6, $7, $8. $9, 10, 15. $20, monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in liie city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPE-XCKit CO,
salesrooms 983 Market St.. opp. Mason. <
ELKGANT MAHOGANY' CASE 3-PEDAL
Stem way upright: just purchased: owner must
sell before leaving city; J250 cash. Address B. 8.,
box 12, this ollice.
A INKS. BUhll A OERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos; get our reduced prices; flue second-hand
uprights. $13.'>: organs. $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post st.
L; 1 N E I SWAY UPRIGHT. IN PERFECT
X order, great bargain: Freucu upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZENO M A U V A I MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
PIANOS SOLD, RENTED, TUNED, RK-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other, firm in the city. J.HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes st. .
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
JV pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
SHAW, N WAY $250, CHICKERING
$185, and great bargains; $4 a month.
HEINE, 136 El!i3su:
$- KM BS ON ROSEWOOD PIANO FOR
O\J . suit- on 9") installments. 2^l Leaven worth.
PLENT/U) MUSIC-BOX: PLAYS 12 TUNES;
new: cost S3O: only 15. 415 Sacramento st,
M~ AGNIFICENT NEW UPRIGHT PIANO;
make; at half cost. 1921 Sacrame Ito si.
VINE UPRIGHT PIANO AND AHRADHARP
-T cheap. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
m 1 £.(\ DKCKKR BROS.-. IN GOOD ORDER.
J$ LOU. BRUEXN'S piano house, 228 Post.
L INK UPRIGHT FOR SALE; CHEAP. 8»3
X Castro st.
"r ifcl bkchsteTn-. in USE only 4
XJ mouths: sacrifice. K. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
\f AGNi F I C N T ST E I N WA V UPR I HT AN D
Itl Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
WO. BADOEIt. SOLE A>. ENT FOR HALLET
• •v Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
YRON MALZY. »08 Pu»T ST.— s-OHMER,
Newby it Evans. Brlgcs and other pianos.
t^UFERIoK VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DOLLAR A WKJtK OX RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.
: UOKSJES.
I'OR SALE — HORSE AND BUGGY; FOR
X want of use. % 633 Broadway; 9 to 10 A. M.
"T7(JR~sa L BLOOD BAY MARE; HEIGHT
X 16.2 hnnas; weight 1100 pounds; age 6 years;
sound and gentle; trolled quarters In 36 seconds;
rangy :uul lengthy; will make a fine carriage or
road mare; price $200.
Also standard-bred team of blacks; half brothers:
15.1 hand:) hhh and 5 years old; well-matched
and well-broken; can trot together- In less then a
three-minute gait with.m: -training; price 9150 to
insure sale. Inquire at 347 Fremont s:.. in rear.
J/| lIUItBKs i-oil SAl^i-.; ALSO WAGON-t
I\J boggles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade UorM
Market, 327 six h at. ; auction sales every W«l(Mf
Cay. SULLIVAN <t DOYLE, Auctioneers.
j 'I'liK EMPORIUM ;SALKS V ARiJS. 220 VA.
I 1 lencla St., is the place to go if you want to buy.
! sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
p.|i|| bKT NEW AND stcuN D-liA-> v tiArt-
O\J\J ness: all kinds; buggy, wagon, carts,' surra/
' Arockawav: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia
C/> iIhAL--l>KiV r i.NU A.MiWOKii HORSte.3;
O\f weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 863 Howard «t.
BItICLES. *
7^)ir^XLT^^inurE^N r K\V iTTGII^TRArJE
" bicycles. $3J each. Apply at Palace Baths,
715 Filbert St., between 11 and 2. -••-. .•
PKCI A L BARGAIN: NEW AND SECOND-
hanu; highest grades; lowest prices. DAVIS
BROTH Cycle Dept.," 25 Geary st.
lu u !.ALii- MJLS*Jx\L.L.A.H±.OIJS.
I ~-^^~ , « ..~~ ~~^rt^^,.^, -^
ST. BERNARD PUPS; THOROUGHBRED.
812 Elizabeth, west of Ca-tra - .
(j. li\ NEW FAMILY SINGER MACHINE,
«JplU. with all attaenments. 2437 Mission St.,
' near Twenty- first. ■
FHII X I - RAMJNU WITH GLASS 7x91N..
X 10c: Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 25c: lcx^O, 30c; If>x22, 86c: 20x24,
45c: 22x28 in.. 60c. JUNKS, 547 Mission St.
TRICILY, HIGH-GRADE WHEELS; MH$
model: new and a few slightly used; at a
special bargain to close out before January 1.
Call a: 400 Mattery st. .
* T FACTORY WHOLESALE PRICES— RAT-
XX. Lan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Save you half by call-
ing at once at California Rattan . Company, 61
First st, near Mission. , . :'.'■' ■ < ;
ARS, SCALES. '; MIRRORS, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold/MKEK, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAND SAFE; FIREPROOF; Vi-.RY
cheap. D. N. HAWLKY, 318 Market St.
"PRIXTIXG PRESS. TYPE. ETC. ; FINE
X Christmas present. HILL, 22V% Geary, r. 39.
IGHEST; PRICE PAID GENTs' a D II A D
cioihing ana dresses FABIAN, 1020 Folsom.
VTATIOXAL CASH REGISTER. GOOD OR-
1> der; also liir»;e folding-door safe. B. Mission at.
OFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESsT
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. jO2 Clay.
OiNARCU blJk flame term are
the best. W. S. RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
hARS, SHOW CASK COUNTERS, SHELV-
'' inc. etc.. 1 ought nnd told. 1063 Mission, nr.7th,
01LKH-i,KNuI.sKS,jD-H AN U .MACHINERY
xJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ONE SMALL MnliiUJl AND LAilltE-SIZK
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market ss.
LOST.
"VTOTICK IS HEREBY GI V K^N^T^IAT^rOR
J-l about December 23. 1 896, thY : undersigned
lost certificate No. 1863. issued to him for deposit
of cold made at the United State < Mint. The
finder thereof will please re urn the same to
JOHN MAUSO.N, at. the office of the Superin-
tendent of the U. s. Mint. San Francisco, lal.
OST— CHRIS 1 MAS AFIKRNOON, ON r PA-
i citic aye.; near Buchanan, black and tan dnch-
hund dog; curied tall; 'tag and. adores*, W. S.
Murtln, cor. Bryant anil Second, on collar; $5 re-
ward If returned. 2112 Pacific st.
1 OST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HI BERN I A
J J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of THOMAS HOLLAND. No. 2021571.
The finder will please return to bank. ' .' ". ■ '
JOST— CHRISTMAS EVE.. BET. WILL &
*J Flnck's and Emporium, smalt . chamois bag
containing money: liberal reward to finder. Call
Office, 1 o'clock, Monday. ' - ' -
DXC. 18, RiD POCKET- BOOK CONTAINING
bank certificate and • papers be ongl to An-
druw K. Miller; lewaid $,">. b2l Jones st. •:.; -,:i.':.-
I CST— \ PASSBihiK, WITH THE HIBKR-
}j ilia Savings a:ul L >an Society of San Frau-
cisco. in the name of LEONARD JOHN CASSEL,
No. 209 148tf. Ihe linuer will please letura to
bank.
I OST— GOLD LOCKET WITH DIAMOND
• ' netting: Initials J. F , with 2 doss' heads in it;
liberal reward. Return to 711 Posi st.
IOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
i nia Savings and Loan Society of San Frau-
rl*co, in th- name of LAURA THOMPSON, No.
1791 4t2. The finder will please return to bank.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJt
WKEKXiX CALL, in wrapper, for maUlac
rrFso?"AM.
"^TMKIiWAy BACHELOR OF MEANS,
A Catholic, age 45, seeks acquaintance of lady
of suitable age, or widow without children : object
matrimony; reference given ana required. Ad-
dress G. ,W., box 33. Call.
RS. JENNIE. FLEMMING— PLEASE CALL
or send your address to 552 Minna st.: must
leave cliy Monday. - ■ C. E. N.
DR. SMITH'S ■ ' ' •• ' ■
ELECTRO-MEDICATED BATHS
For rheumatism and neuralgia: the only remedy
never known to fail. If you aie suffering with
either, one bath will help you wonderfully; a
course of baths will cure you. Have you
CATARRH OR ULCERATED .-ORE 1IIROAT?
If so, use Dr. Smith's Catarrh Inhalent— sure
cure; iOc per bo. tie. Call or write
SAXITOrtIUM, 16.53 Buchanan St.. S. F. :
SOLICITED TESTIMONIAL — GRAHASI-
*-> brpad frauds are almost universal, but the
bread at 304 Montgomery aye. is par excellence: ,
3 wagons; this pointer to you as a gilt.
. - DR. HARDCASTLE. _
UINONiA HAIR TONIC STRENGTHENS
QUINONIA HAIR TONIC 35c a bottle I sell
nnd invigorates the hair: at 35c a bottle I sell
It: I cress hair, any style," for 25c: shampoo and i
plain hairri reding." 60c: switches, $1: by means of
a perfectly harmless preparation .1_ can restore
gray or b:cacned hair to its natural color. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton St., near Geary. .
ART OF NICi-.LY FURNISHED FLAT TO
rent: all comforts of home. 1 19 Leavenworth.
VERLA STING SIGN— SAVE ONE-HALF
XJ by going direct to factory; only enamel works
on the const. 409 Sanchez st.
EFT— BLACK SACK COAT IN RESTAU-
i rant Chrionias morning; forgot place. Finder
address 319 Tiiird st. ...
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. S. Mint.
KAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR SALE:
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portler-s: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st., Oakland. Cal.
A'i'r.NG WIDOW FROM THE COUNTRY
i. won <l like to meet gen leman of means; ob-
ject, matrimony ; no tnflers. Address I*, box 10,
Call Oflice.
AT LINCOLs BRO-.. CASH (iROCF.ItS, 226
Sixth st., middle of the block, 6-cau mince-
meat, 25c; picnic hams. 6c lb; tomatoes. 5c can;
eggs, 20c iJ07.. ; buiter, 26c roll; milk, 5c can;
raisins, 6c ]l>; corn starch, 6c lb; dates, 5c lb;
codlish. 6c lb; jellies. 10c can: string beans. 5c
can: 3 lbs best almonds, 25c: Vj gallon pickles,
16c: salmon trout. 10c each: 6cuns sardines, 25c;
dried apples, 5c lb; 6 lbs dried p^ars. 25c; 10-lb
can lard, 75c; 5-gal. can coal oil, 75c: 6 lbs dried
apricots, 25c; 10 lt>4 beans, 25c: 15 (aXes soap
25c; 6 lbs prunes, 25c. LINCOLN BROS, 226
Hxlh st.
GET A COPY' OK 'IHE INFALLIBLE SYS-
tem": the only copyrighted, successful meth-
od of play In* the races; $1 a copy. N. Y. Turf
Exchange, 12 Montgomery st.
V* RB B FXHIBITIOX TO-DAY — REsTAU-
J. rant, hotel men and private families cordially
Invite! to cull acd Inspect Prenget's new broiling
system; uirut broiled Dy this process remains
tender an.l retains all Juice. Ladles, 11% black
lingers or soot: res au rant parlors lonnerted wi:h
exhibition: meals. American or European sty.c;
highest gold medals. 124 O'Farrell st. "■*■--.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
XV cially; private no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market
WAN 1 ED— sPKCIALRA I K»TdaY
or evening classes; hairdresslng 26c; up to
date. Parlors 1026 Market au. over the Wonder.
IJARTIN (.TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper I. lustration— Christmas
va« atlon extends from December 18 to January 4,
1897. Particulars at 424 Pine su
Al 'ltl£. rtorLbn o.\n. DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases ixea.eU and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029*y 3 Market *
bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco, Cat -
\j URNKiT'o CORN CURE— 3l'Rifi CUKE FOX
JJ corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
C I 1 1 a CLEAN x'UK.a&ED, $1; REPAIRS
Odyelng done. 131 Montcoraery.r. 16 tei. red 2374,
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANO-
*» Ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. S.R. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st-
A SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENT-FINK
watches, diamonds. Jewelry In great variety at
lactory prices. A. A. RITTER, 138 Montgomery.
OC I A DOZEN — FINK .* i \V 1 tr-
<pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
HI GHKsT PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H H-
dies'and gents' clothes. Mrs. llAin Sl63d.
hIG OUTDOOR WTERtOPTICON >HOW EVE-
ry nis<ht cor. Market and Sixth s:s.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
ELr CTRIC ~ LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester JUmse. 44 Third St., nr. Market;
200 rooms. '.'sc to $1 CO per night: *1 50 to (6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A VTTTouTT F E AT K E R- BE Ds" AND P I L-'
lows filled. McC.v BK'S. 870 Mission, cor. sth.
IVoltCr. AND ANNUL MKNI' uZ MAfc
riage: terms of pnymem obliging: legal every-
where. Address loc* box F, 9i>6 Market st., s. F.
Hi MAKK THK BK*>l r «12"l»Ull TO ORDER
Id the U.S. NEWHAUs A CO.. 116 Kearny.
ibkral advances o.\~dlamond-j, jkw-
elry. etc; lowest rates. 948 Market St.
AGNI SCOP~hT — NK/W PROJECTING MA-
chtne; uses the klnetoscope films; price 9250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market St.
I|W|nLAKI)S, 50. SHOW CARDS, ETC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 32*/ s Geary st.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, HB~U~UIXRK~ E"l — BASK-
ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
ATCHEsTDTAiIG^^a, JhWKLiti' OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices: mus. move; Uuiidtng
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third sl
UPTUKK AND PILKS CURED: No PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FIELD « PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market St.
LOAKS, fills A.Mi »UIT.-> RETAILED Al'
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st.
UKKasaiAKJiKS.
SUITS MADE FHOM *3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c:
capes, $1: li guaranteed. .r>s9'. r > 5 9 ' 3 Stevenson st.
CJL AIK VO V ANTS. -
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,. THE. WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
10 see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and . mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends. Interest you: if
you cure to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell siocics, etc.: In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours a a. m. to 8 p. m.. strict." N. B.— Ha lsfactlon
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp lor pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket St.. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DR .THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas.,
present, future; consultations on a! affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names -given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by svnipati.y; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : lett-r $2. 929 Post st., nr J.arklu.
MX. MJHJIIDT. CLAli\\ uVAAX TKLLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 850 Mission st.
CONiSUI.TTHE LUCKY MEDIUM ON LOVE,
marriage or business. 243 Shipley, near Fifth,
MET H A .n SE>7T~A I.M 1 ST. cXrT)- READER:
past, present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 5.
VPS"V LI I i: RKADKR R i. MOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Market ; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
AIMK. RAVr..NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
l»i business advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
\,| ISSMEIA'rNA"m7ATRVOYANT: PICTURE
I'l future husband or wife, 50c. 766 Va Howaid.
V,i me! moi-TeaTJ" iifcsr cl.\ ikvoyant
i'l and medium Iv city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
M ME. MABEL WOODS, MAGNKTK; 11 X A 1.-
er and clairvoyant. Room 8, 207 Post st.
\,i ME. DE YOUNG, MAUXK T I C H E A LINO;
'»• card realing; charms. Room 3, 309 >utter.
Vl.Mr.. SYUlLl.rt JKLL-i r'KUM IRABLtS TO
I'J grave-.pictures Kiven: lndies asc: Hl4 O'FarrelL
M"~~J1K. I.EUKTTK — CLAIRVOYANT «fc BUS.
advice-. 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, ur. 4th.
ME. N~K LsON, KliiM NEW YoKK, CARD
ri-ader. 120 a kddy »t.. room 1.
mk. \valtkksT)"»"""t"eTiama: card>-. la-
di»s. 25c: gents, &oc. 951 Ai isslon, nr. 6th.
yOKTUXKS TOLD BY BoTll MOTHER AND
X daughter: truths 1035 Hyde st.
R-. B^B . (JMA'NiN, Bh.Kl-K.XOWN CLAlR-
voyant In the city. Residence 132 Turk st.
ME. RUTH HARRISON OF NEW YORK,
magnetic healer; card reader. 109 a Powell
St., room 17.
M'u.lll A1.1.y11.
MMX. US.MAX, TRANCE MEDIUM, INDE-
' pendent card-reader, life read ings, love affairs,
business, mining speculations. 83S Mission st.
• »kki« MCALLISTER— MRS. T. J. MEYER:
iiZXt test meetings every night. 10c Tue..Wed.<fc
Fix, 2 p.m. ; trance dr.. Sat. eve 25c; bus. sittings $1
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium and life reader. 218
Stockton st. ■ , ' . .'
* RRIVED.— iIRs. ; BAXtKK . REYNOLDS,
A test medium. 8 Mason s:., room 8. .',
KS. R.LLIS, MEDIUM: SUTINGS.9 TO B, 81;
circles Tues , Fri.. 2p. it:, 25c. : 233 Valencia.
. M. FRANCIS, -INDEPENDENT SLATE
• ivrifr 118 Hal- h' st : hours 9 until « p M.
: Si')l o .' £Xfiyt '
Hypnotism SCHKNTIt'ICALLY TAUGHT:
success Krtd.Hvpnolp.Mesmerlclns.eO'Farre 1
. : : astuomm; v. .
yOL'R LIFE— THOUSANDS TESIFY ; I RE-
J. veal past and future: s»nd 25c for character
sketch and diseases; blrtbpiau*. year, sex, month,
hour, a. m. or. p. m.. if ■ pos ible • a tot. BAIRD,
Astrologer, box 46& c, san Jose, Cal.
, ., t ■-.- h AliO^^; A>JJ . v.Auuj.Aui.».
OoF SE COXb-H AX D 1.10 H'iv-*KX PR ESS;
new platiorm; laundry; cbeau 41 4 .Broadway.
PrsiXFHS CPA.Vf'F--.
1 000 BAROAIXS FOX SALE. "
'^O grocery stores Prices from #100 to (4000
15 coffee-saloons :... Prices from (200 to i(!iUOJ
J 2 branch bakeries Prices from -i 50 to (.*>oo
5 coal and w00d... Prices from SJ3S ' 10 sigou
25 saloons Prices fr. m $350 to ■'.■"»■>
6druj;stores Prices from $2000 to •4f l '
1.) cigar stores Prices from *200 to.flj'()
8 stationery stores Prices from $300 to *«50
H. C. DECK EH. 1020 Market St.. Opp. Fifth.
•R I *> i\V,i\ FUR A HALF INTEREST IV a
"* ,J,, J , 7"J r\y Beneral merchendise business; e -
I ",^ - ,0, 0 r"*" 1 : average - monthly receipts
j 94UU0; paid •>.-, per cent last year on the invest-
ment: location mou desirable: best of reasons for
sei.mg: abundant reicrences in San Francisco m
to mercantile standing: this offer worthy of im-
mediate consideration by any reliable business
ma i r VV c .wri/! I , r^ e^^ rticillarstHll or "U'lress W.
D. HENDRICKsON, room 40, Chronicle building.
A XHOXESI MAN WllH RIhINESS AND
XX. ollice wants a man witn legitimate burins ■ to
share his office ami let him attend -o his business
while he travels or so.lciis; would lake a-ei cv or
puy arrangement to make an honest living- won >l
i give services free for some months for position and
. interest. ddress O. P., t3, si. Ann's building
ELEGANTLY Jj'URN ISHED BPORTING-
house of 13 rooms Id Los ABgelea, CM.; Vest
location and doing a tine business; central" loca-
tion: price 16000: 53500, balance on lung tim ••
good reason for sailing. Address L. a., box 77*
Call Ollice ; '
pOUNTRY BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; 'Ml hi
*J only one In town; population 1200; aver mo
receipts 100 per month: cheap rent; living room;
all fixtures go: price $175. Address J. B. LARKIN,
Maylleld. Cal.
(£• 17\ l\(\(\ wholesale and retail
«In 1 \J .\J\J\'. llquor-s:ore; oneof the best estab-
lished and finest locations In city; Ion? lease:
buyer, can. use same name; line trade without
soliciting. BCRIBNER * CO., 7 City Hall aye.
C:innn driver, WANTED: one ,\(-
tPX\J\J\J. :quainted with city: to take half In-
terest in manufacturing business. Inquire of J as.
I. BLIVIN. 621 Howard st.
TH LEG A RESTAURANT 1 24 Vi O' FA H-
rell st. will be sold for the best offer before 12
o'clock Monday; IbU Is a grand chance to -.ecu re
a good business, including a gas range, tee L. 11.
BURD. 211 Larklnsu
f\(\() -DON'T BUY BAD WILL AND STALE
V/vv. stock, but rent or lease. fine new corner
grocery, bar, stable and living rooms; lar.e lot;
absolutely no opposition; rent $20. DOLAN, 731
Harrison st.
ASTERN HOUSE. W A NTS ACTIVE MAN
with $400 to manage business on the roast;
legitimate, pleasant, very profitable. HENRY
Royal Hotel. Kills st.
1/ ASTERN" -HOUSE WANTS RESPONSIPif 1"
-I party with (300 to (400 to control busine.Aj.v
this const; big opening. Apply 10 MR. KNO'fl-'
TON, Royal iiouse. 126 Ellis si., 9 to 3. V
Q>O(\(\ CORNER SALOON DOING good
t"pOUU. business for sale, because of other In-
terests. 219 Fourtn st.
T^STABLIsUEu 6 YEARS; LOAN OFKICB
-i to let," also new store and basement 25x80.
2..1 Th rd st. .
CANDY STORE AND FACTORY; FINE
' place; on Market. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
BANNER iITY' ROUTE OF THIS PAPER
for «a c. 'Address 8., box 1118. Call Office.
NUsUAL OPPORTUNITY i«» PURCHASB
J the whole or a three-quarter Interest in a well-
established warehouse business paying 11 cimm! and
sure yearly Income; will accept desirable prop-
erty in part payment. EASTON, ELDRIDGc .t
CO., 638 Market st.
1 PRINTING OFFICE FOR SALE; DRUG
label, book and job. all 8 Montgomery ay.. r. 14.
BAKGAIN— THAT GOOD-PAYING RESTAU-
rant. 23 Third st., for sale; will stand investi-
gation : owner going away.
CjJAn CORNER SALOON ACROSS FROM
«JptlUU. depot: will exchange for plumbing
shop. 212 Townsend.
AYTMi JIKAT MARKET, POSITIVELY AT
a bargain: trial given. Box 166, CalL
I C^V7f\ FURNITURE BUSINESS; CHEAP;
SS--lU. sickness cause of selling;. 936 Howard.
«2?*>nft NEAT I.ITILE RESTAURANT,
«JP^«Uv/. near Market St., doing a gocd-paylng
business: owner must sell quickly: leaving city
on other important business; no agents. I. C. 11.,
box 73. Call OtUce.
RAND CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN
VJ to take management or buy half interest in
newly fitted up place. Call 124 O'Farrell s .
ALF-INTERKS'I; NOTHING I.IKE IT;
something new. Address V., box 73 Call.
IGARS AND "STATION RENT $10.
2210V2 Mission st., near Eighteenth.
INVKNTORS AS WELL AS INVESTORS
X will do well by calling at Hall of Inventions,
215 sansome St., room 12: fine business chances
offered, patents secured, models exhibited and
capital interested.
ORXER GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE.
/ Apply Call Of»«e.
*Y~OUNG WID-W WITH MEANS DESIRES
X a gentleman partner. Room 2, 223 Post St.
LEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
young lady ofra»nn>. Room 3. 309 Sutler su
VOR SALE— FIRST-CLASS! SALOON; HEAP.'
X 326-3-:7 Drumm at. .^_
IF YOU WANT To SELL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address 1).. box 120. Call
itVKIIII IF YOU HAVE THIS AMUU.V^
ij)£O\J\J. in cash and can come well rerun flf
mended, will give you interest in business th»r\\
will pay you (2000 yearly, besides (100 ni"ii.'i
salary: particulars only at personal interview.
tl.i ■is a chance of a lifetime. Address R. C-, box
44, this office.
"\-uUNG HONEST AND RELIABLE MAR-
X ried man, with bank references, desires to ex-
change a bouse aud lot across the bay for an Inter-
est and position In legitimate business; valua
JJ3200. O. P., care Pac. Cal. Co.. 83. 6 Eddy sU
<Bjl c partner as CASHIER AND AS-
<JM —O. slstant, (40 per montb, room and
boarJ; guaranteed full value. L, box 90, Call.
NtilM'Al'f.i. i.m. In. i.\ ..Mr.l.luu Ml f
I tlose to ban Jfrnactaku. *"oi- particulars apply
Ibis oflic*.
V*. ANTED— PARTNER WITH (40.1*00 IN A
*» grocery and liquor home established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
VTEW PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIN D, FOR
i.l moneyed man. 6*3 Golden Gate aye.
All.oß-5-HoP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY ST.,
near Montgomery aye.; retiring from business.
uUlc. iXlti SALu AtKuaslilJiliii. l.v
aulre nt Call OJHce.
i.Ol>lilNti-HOI ■,!-;* I- oil SALK.
CA ROOMS, CLEARING $20^T^7^7^92!MO
O\J 26-room house; fine corner 1500
10-room house, worth $600, only 300
15 rooms, line corner: payments bOO
'.8-room house; rooms all rented t>OJ
8 rooms: near City Hall: new >250
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
• H. C DECKER, 1030 Market su, opp. Fifth.
(17 HOWARD ST.— FORSALE; 10 ROOMS;
(71 O very nicely furn ished; full of roomers.
t)O FURNISHED KOOMS; CHEAP: ON AO-
— O count of owner leaving cltv. 916 Howard su
. EFORE BUYING OR Sr.LLING HOUSES OR
• businesses see A. M > LX 1 NS, 906 Market St.
ilu liN ll'UUt: U ANTED.
TrrA?rr r RNTriLBFr~FO H 6 OR 7
'» rooms: must be in very good condition. Ad-
dress M. L.. 518 .-tocktou st. ■ '
/ AfeH PAID FOR E.nTIRE HOUsKs UK
" smaller lots of furniture, carpets. etc. J.
BOWCHKR 222 Stockton: Bend postal.
IGHER I'lill.i 1 HAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indian* Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jone*
itKMXLIvt k'OH SALE. .
CUAS. M. CLUM * CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Good*.
inn OARP&TS: CHAMBER SM.\ $14;
tUU stoves, $5; parlor gets. *20: fold ing- bed %
10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or goal
us new: cas 1 or on lime: open evenings.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOX FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD. 211 Larkla
ROOMS. NICELY FURNISH. D, FORSALE
cheap. 917 Larkin st.
\r ING FURNITURE CO.. 1127 -29-31 MARKET,
IV furnish 4 rooms, .? . S to*so; best bargains.
UCKIX<4HAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
-I ' prices: furniture, carpels: all trade* 866 Mln'n
' . CAAtPJiI' tLKAM.Nti.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN'S,
Slur. 38 and 40 ighth St. ; telephone South 250.
aRPETS CLEANED AND MK.NUV'AThD
V^' like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
\\! HEN YoU BECOME DISGUSTED .WITH
»» poor work se toSPACLDING'S PioneerCar-
p*t-heatlng Works. 353-67 Tehama st.: lei So. 4).
JE. MIH.Hr.LL, CAlll'h'l'-IxKAMMU CO..
. ,240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
-CLEANING. 3c: LAYING, Sc: RUti
samples free; tel..iessie944. Stralton, 19 Bth st.
O.MiLl.N's CARPH.T- BEATING WORK%
.' 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
• C A YARD AT GREAT WESTERN CARPi!.'!'-
O cleaning Works, 11 Eighth su ~
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN 'AMERICA— Tmt
VJ WEEKLY (ALL, sent to r.ny address In the
United States or Canada one year for 31 50 post-
age free. . -■--.- . : .  r . . ~
, FKO*"JKS!*ION AL CARDS.
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LA oFFICEsTrooX^-*!
' 2'< and ! 27, Crocker iiuiluiu^; itieylioue M.ai% r
75, Kan Francisco, Cat . ;, . , ■; „ ,'■'
JUII.N K.AITKH..S ANDMAURICtL. amiilK
»ttya a', law, mis 515.516. b<h floor. Parrou old*
•VTOKAtifc.
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITyTfIR&
O proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
"L'UKNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS: Ai>"
X Vance* ahjppins. CJLU L. XAYLOR.2OIPO*.CITY REAL ESTATE,
GH. UMBSKN & CO., ~~~ "~™
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
AUCTIONEERS AND RENT COLLECTORS,
14 Montgomery st., neur Market
I BARGAINS— JUST RECEIVED.
I DOWNTOWN BARGAIN.
"VTO REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE RE-
— fused; 3-story house of 20 rooms and bath-
could he changed Into store and hoarding-house at
little expense; large ilot, 25x137:6; owner very
anxious to sell.
PARK LOT.
< I V^O SHR ABER t?T.; 25x131:3: MORT-
fSXOO\J. gage* for $.200 at 6Va percent can
remain. • . " .
COZY COTTAGE.
&VO(W| NIC-: BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
*p*JV\J\J. of 5 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion; stone walks: large lot, 27:6x93:9: between
Sutler California-st. cable roads; nice location.
CHEAP LOT.
5 1 ()()() >'OLSOIIST.; 37:6x80: THIS ISA
RICHMOND pickup.
RICHMOND BL CX.
ft '-^ nOn FRONTING ON GOLDEN GATE
-O.UUU. Park: 240x600: making 60 lots; 4
corners; a good chance for investment.
business CORN on haye> STREET.
ftT'-nn A SNAP; WOHTH $10,000: STORE
<U? IOUU. and flat and lot 75x100; two-thirds of
lot vacant.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
Qj 1 A ".Hik RENT $1002 PER ANNUM; 3
«£> I l/.OUVJ. substantial bay-window flats of
6-5 and 5 rooms and bath; each '-7:6x85; inside of
Van N'es- avenue.
FOUR FINE FLATS.
QQnnn FOUR ELEGANT FLATS; COST
'PUU\J\J. $8000: Golden Gate avenue: rent
$10-0 per ;aunum; bay-windows, brick founda-
uons, etc, 60x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
WJI"~A COTTAGE OF FOUR ROOMS;
V XOO\'. 25x100: near 24th, street cable road.
INVESTMENT ON GEARY BREED,
Q7\mn rent $720 per ANNUM: 2
«jp < «iVI/« houses, 7 rooms and bath and 2 tints
of 3 and 5 rooms and bath each; brick ;oun iation;
mortgage of $4000; can remain li uesirad: 5.1x87.
TWEXTY-FI*TH-ST. FLATS.
Q A'}^(\ NEARLY NEW BAY-WINDOW
«n>l — *J\J . flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation: 25x100; r^nt $34 per month.
MUST BE SOLD To ( . OSK E&TATi:.
VlTillH Kl - V1 «!92 PER ANN UN; TWO
0 1 \J\J\J. flats of 4 rooms each: 30x100: handy
to Thir.i-st. electric cars; Sixteenth aye., near
Railroad aye.
WILL TRADE.
QQnfht THREE ELEGANT BAY-WIN-
C'JWl'. dow flats of 6, 8 and 6 rooms and
ba:h each; brick foundation, etc.; _5x90: rent
$07 60; mortgage of $40J0 at 6y 3 percent; will
irade equity jor cotiase or residence.
PRICE REDUCED.
eX(|A|) A NICK TWO-STORY BAY-WIN-
*pU\J\J\J. _ow residence of 6 rooms and bath;
L brick foundation, etc. ; stone walks; . wentielh st.,
T near Valencia.
Call ~.r.a obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." win h contains a list of properties
ior sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN &CO., 14 Montgomery st.
QHAINWALD. BtT.KBKE & CO^ itUAJj dS-
6 _ , n 1 A IK AGENTS,
£18-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$16, COO— Leavenwcr:h-st. business corner: store
and flats; reining for $149 monthly; one 01 the
finest business turners £■ of Polk su ; full particu-
lars at our ofli c.
$27.500—1- ;ne business corner east of Stockton
s.: rents $25-_f per month; store and dwellings;
>f 10,0u0 can r. main ;ii 7 per or 111.
$11,500 — Vim Ness aye. residence: 2-story mod-
ern, . ouse of 10 rooms and bath; large lot, 50x
187:6 fee:; Van Ness aye. biiuminlzad.
•25,000— Howard-st. Investment; substantial
building of st res and flats: rents $1950 per an-
num: large lot. 50x90 feet, with extra lot 25x70 ft.
5&500— Washington st., near Bro^erict; new.
niUdtru house of 8 rooms, bath end fanisue I base-
ment; pre.ttiv decorated and frescoed; lot 25x
1-7 :-' 4 :• et.
$3500 Pretty double buy-window cottage en
15th s!., Dear Howard; 5 rooms and bath.
§7000— Fell-st. ioulevard, opposite Oolden GRte
Park: 2-story cottage of 8 rcotu*. bath and tinished
basement; designed by Willis Polk; the v>ry best
sanltaiy plumbing: house new and modern in
every way: mortgage of $3400 can remain.
$7500— .Modern bay-window residence 1 f 8 rooms
and bath; California 5.., near Fill more; lot 27:6 x
1:7:6: rents $50.
••52700— 0aK St., near Park Panhandle; lot 25x
137:6.
■ $3000— Post st., near Devisadero; lot and im-
•; " . "prowments; lot 25x123 to rear street.
:-=••- $400— Near Union and Hyde sis. ; lot all ready
.': to bul;d on; street worn all done.'
...-•■•"•., $7000— steiaer-sL business corner: fine locality
;.•)„; for stores and flat 3; lot 41:6x88: bank mor:gage
o: (400 1 can remain at 6 l -> per cent.
.•'•' :-,"..?7ooo— Yvestern Addition business property;
"•-..•...• ore and Bant; rents $76 monthly; lot 50x87:6.
>'.„"•:'5 6-50—U ne Buchanan-st. resi lence of 8 rooms
:• 9 '.upd i > ■ t ? » ; a 1 i modern improvements. ■
•;... .-■Mi )o— sJ.i casa, balance *1J monthly: lot W.
::.;;....; Hire lion'man aye.. 185 ieet s. of 24th St.; only a
•■■;-: v steps from 24th-st. car line: lo: ready to build
'.'.:;'■. "cii : street work done; lot 26x125.
;.".:'-".i $11.500— Van Ness corner I. 60x135; owners
; V.-'';lus«m<' block are asking $310 per front foot, for
.". : ';' : :tfi"ide lo:s: street bitumen.
~\\-: - ?-s'o— y ew collate on Church st. : 5 rooms and
• ..• ijarth: basement; lot 23x100; oner wanted.
'-.': '' -". thSOU — Good, substantial, modern 2-story house
..■•" .-of 6 rooms and bath: street bitumen; small cash
: "'- 1 payments: balance $20 monthly.
■ .'■; $10.500— Moaeru 2- ? tory and basement resl-
' •<;• nee of 14 rooms and bath: 8 bedrooms: lot; -6.6
."•> x~l J 27-.6»/4:- Pacific - - • . ■•- -• •-- •
.- $5500— Modern residence, near Golden Gate
Park- 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x181 :3 10 rear st.
52250— 0n y iflOO cash, balance- S2O monthly,
' same as rent; new moaern cottage in Mission; con-
'"' tains 6 rooms and bath.
•;••> 1500— Capp St., near 15th; 25x75 feet; street
work all done.
■ •"■': $8000— Bush st.. corner lot, 25x100; NE. corner.
'. ! ' if 42so— Rents S4l per month; Clara St., bet.
I." ■ 6th and 6th; lot 26x80.
? :.' - $700-'_'ls: St., near Hampshire; lo: 25x70.
• $2200—2 lots: 27:6x120 each; on Diamond St.,
! ".-?' rear 19th: $1000 can remain on mortgage.
$1250 — - tevenson St., near 14th: sewered and
macadamized; "Jux6s.
'1 he above is only a partial list. We will be glad
• 10 iornisb a complete list on application.
99OOU— Offer wanted; N E corn -r of Folsom and
J3ihB'.sT; lot 75x50 feet; mortgage of $6000 can
remain.
$7000— Rents $69: never vacant; Stockton St.,
near Pacific: lot 26x90; 3-story brck building.
Sl2so— Oner warned; lot on Elizabeth St., near
Castro; lot 25x114.
bHAIN WALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-2*20 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
"JOHN PFO 328 .MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
«J SaCe Deposit, offers for sale:
$6-50— Fine corner <.n Sacramento st.; 38x108:
new house, store and 9 rooms: rent $15.
,$6200— Business property; liue3-iiory bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
upstairs; on Geary st . near Stelner; rent $47 50.
, $27,6 10— Excellent cor: er: Miss on st. ; 65x100.
with improvimfp.ts: 3 stores and 3 flats and 2
cottages: r-nt $2256 per annum.
$3-,ooo— Eddy st, near Mason; store and lods-
tng: 25x137:6: rent 5160.
750— Downtown business property: rent
?3t!o.
'■'." 000— Business property; stores and flats;
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
?65OO— Rent ? ",0: 2 double flats on Geary St.. in-
side or linker: lot 28x125. . •
$1300— Home and lot on De Lou:; aye., 2 blocks
south of Panhandle, Park; 25x80: a bargain.
$10,200— o'Farrell st., near Taylor; 2-story i
hull-?; 16X90.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Pase st , near
entrance to Panhandle, park; lot 27x137:6.
?8500--Two 2-story double flats, 2% bocks N.
of Market st. and large lot; rent $70; good invest-
ment
.?6Loo— Nob Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
Heitueed to $14 000— Splendid Investment on
Mission St., near new postollice; will be very valu-
able.
$10.030— Sixth at.: substantial 3-storr house;
12 rooms: bath; brick ioundat;oa; lot2sxlto.
ISOOO— Seventh St., near iir/innan; lot 20x75.
with Improvements: renting at $39.
UNIMPROVED.
$1500— Corner 23d aye. and A St.: 53:1x100.
I $3100— Fine corner ot on Fill more st.
s.Boo— Noe St.. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
IWUAT MAKES YOU
VV HAT MAKES YOU SO HAPPY
LOOK SO HAPPY
HgH TO-DAY, WIFE?
IS IT NOT ENOUGH TO MAKE MX HAPPY
when I know that we are ii our own HO'M_ in-
stead oi a rented (la ? )or eight long yeas $25 a
month (nearly half your wages) has gon- for rent
— §2400 in that time and nothing to show for it.
Now that same »25 a month is bu>lnir us a home,
a" new. cozy, modern house with every conven-
ience, a I" r^e yard with flowers and every thing to
make in happy.
Jacob H_.YMAN lias built ns the ho ise on
such liberal terms thai we can always meet the
instalments. Just think, our house will be paid
for In elcht years, and before we had been pnylng
rent for eight ye rs an i have nothing to show for
li. Isn't this tiapp ness?
Hi.d w- bought our home on these easy terms
el' ht years sga we would haveh'-ul it paid for now.
'UIK EYMA.N THAI'! is -plendi<!ly Mtuatel
and conveinent'lo car lines. Take the Missiou-
' afreet car, ransfer to 1 wenty-sccond street. ride
to Uou .'liisi 3 reet and Inspect this property and the
'. many homes bull there. Mr. James A. i ott-r,
■\ "i-fsidofit oceot, will be glad to snow you around.
;•'■- I nil par.ii ulan of JACOB HEYMAN, owner, 11
„'■ Montgomery s:reei.
~7\ C. IiEMI-», ~" " . !
\j . HEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT, I
324 MONTGOMERY ST. 1
FOR SALE. .
Choice bnlldlnglot on Army and 27th sts.; closj
".. to electric road.
; $450— S«n Carloi Villa lot; 100x150 feet. :
1 " .-" • 86700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson at., overlook-
■•■• !.- . Uie Presidio and bay.
96000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
= pfttki 137:6 /cet; electric roaa passes houses;
.°°. Sua<Ke offer. ''". ' \,\ ... -
SB3OO— Klegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
' " " $300— Choice building lo:s north of pnrK.
1 ;'•".'. J'.ar^Rin— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st.: 109x95 ft.
"•C.f'f\. (\ FELL ST., (NORTH LIN , NEAR
; • SJpOU*'U. Webster; sunny flats: paying $50 per
>' month: large lot.
California ttr<-et; forecjesure: , see us and get a
9-room home, lot 27:6x120 to rear street, at your
own price; only a few days to run and cannot be
had cneapi-r by waiting:- splendid neighborhood;
uorth line o' street. • V ■ , ', ,
iIS.OOO-llere is the best buy in the city In Im-
proved properly: lot 35x100: » corner located In-
(•Me, of van Nessave.; pay ins; $149 .. per month:
ruua: sell. J. W. WHIGIU' <& CO., 628 Market st.
_i.aa/, THE FINEST BUILDING LOT IN
»D_.UU.»'. the Miss, on: west Hue of Dolores, nr.
Twenty- first: 28x126. Apply to J. A. SAUER,
27 ana 29 Sutt< rs:. . ' ' . .. '. ■ : ... ■;:•
C' V r-iU\~~i • LOTS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
*~SOO\JKi . that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco jropeny us part pay; must
be clear. bCKIBNER & CO.. 7 City Hall aye.
..-.■ . - - •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON <fc BURKE, REAL. KSTATK
Agents: established 1858; 626 Market at. .
■<£1 Z* Gnn WEBSTER, NEAR O'FArt-
»i?i-O.OUU. rell; modern Improvements in
flats; well rented; lot 5 x 137:6; half cash.
/CALIFORNIA, BET. LARKIN AND POLK;
V line residence: 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x87:6.
£.'Qfinfl FILLMORE, NR. MCALLISTER;
<T'OUUv/. elegant flats, renting fors6s; lot 25x
87:6.
"OUSIXESS PROPERTY: N LINK HAVES
JJ ht., near Franklin; lot 25x120 to rear street;
atjre, flat and rear house: offered cheap.
ST^nn REDUCED FROM $9000; PAR*.
I iJUU. residence: N. side Fell St., near
L'rodericii ; 9 rooms an bath: 25x137:6.
05 (Ann VALPARAISO. NEAR MASON:
tUUU. elegant flats; pay 1 per cent per
month: lot 23x60.
C'f-nnn page, near broderipk: resi-
<£UUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
b7:6.
CM Zf\f\ > FLATS: LOTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
i^HOUU. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$408.
£> (Ann SHIPLEY, NEAR 6TH; RENTS
t_i i IUUU. $45 per month; substantial building;
lot 25x73.
CQCnn CAI.IFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
*3f)»)r \J\.'. 3d aye. : 6 rooms and bath; in a rap-
idly improving neighborhood.
CjQ'fjfi ALABAMA. NR. 21ST; MODERN
•)«)Ul*. cottage: 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
CLEMENTINA ST.. NR. 4TH. ; TENEMENTS;
VJ rents $47; lot 2SxSO; only $3500.
C|Q nMM RENTS $336 PER ANNUM; 3
(JOUUU. flats; .Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
©OQfin ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
,OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. !
Corner California and locust; 37:6x107:7.
$11.000— Howard. near Bth: ?sxB.">.
$8600— I'ai;e St., near Baker: 75x137:8.
4COO— 65x117:6: £E. cor. Sanchez and 231
$-600— Pine st.. cor. Lyon; 31:3x80
$2700— Brodprick. near Bush: E. side: 30x103.
12400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$4000— i ryant st., corner o Harrie ; 25x75.
$2200— near Grove; 25x100.
Woso— Bidley. near Scott; 25x117:8.
♦ 2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick.
$1000— A st., near 14th aye.; 85x144. •
$1300— 2 d aye., near California St.; 25x120.
*1000— HancocK, near Sanchez: 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. J rssAK. O. F. Yon khkix.
OF. YON RHEIN <fc CO.. REAL ESTATE
. A cents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street. . ..
$^o,ooo— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 with an L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rents $117 50.
$15,000— naves, n^arh ill more; 35x137:6; 3 fine
flats, each 8 rooms and batn; rents *105.
$10,000— Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2
bi ry house: butcher-shop and flats; rent. $65 50"
$7000— 2 d st. and South Park lane: 45:6x98;*
2-story house. - "
$6500— Ureen st., near Powell; 22:11x68:9; 3
ba -window flats: 17 rooms and baths; rents
$57 50. ■'
§6-50— Post St., near Webster: 24x91:6: hand-
some 2-story residence: all modern improvements;
9 room sand bath.
$5750— Green, near Montcomery aye.; 28x130; ;
3-s-ory bon^e, 2 flats: 13 rooms: bath.
$4600— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6;
two iront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana Dath; !
rents $46.
$1000— Washington, near Po-eli; 20x57:6; 3-
siory residence: 10 rooms and ba h; rent *40.
S4ooo— Bryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2-story house
of 9 rooms and bath.
$-1000— Kearny, near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats, 15 rooms, with stable: rents $39.
$3750— Perry St., near Third; 25x75; 2 flats; 8
rooms and baths: rents $33 50.
' 1-3600- Leaven worth at., near Vallejo; 20x68:6;
3 flats; 1 1 rooms and baths; rents $33.
$3300— Union st., near Mason; 2 flats: rents $40.
$310 J— stanyau, near Grattan: 80 teet by Irreg-
ular depth; par tally occupied by house; 5 rooms
and huh; real $16.
$2500— Erie st., near Mission; 2-story house; 7
rooms and bath; 25x85; rt-nt $18.
$2100— Valley st, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
flats: rents $16 50.
$1650— Folsom st., bet. Union and Jefferson;
brand new cottage: latest Improvements; 5 rooms
and bath: 500 cash, balance $15 per month: 25x70
$900— Harold aye.; lngltside; 25x112:6; cot-
tage -i rooms; rent $10.
M PROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-su railroad station; 61x
117:6 loan alley.
Fair I,'aks and 25th; 30x100- ' *'i'&%
S!3d and Florida: 75x104; will subdivide into 3
lot*, 25x104 each. >^ : ; ■-:
$4100— Ninth, near Folsom: 25x100.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67: make offer.
S'JOOO— Hancock St.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
• $1250— Fair Oaks, near 25th: 26:6x100.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
4 _!. feP.fa.CK <fc CO., 602 MAKKEI|HI.
-rL. ' .MONEY LOANED. '
MONEY LOANED.
RENT COLLECTORS— ESTATE.
RENT COLLECTORS— REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP.
: ";*~ CHEAP. \
5350— L0t near Jones at. : on a small street.
StJtsOO— Only *200 down buys nearly new cottage.
$2000 — '-' good flats on a car line.
$3500— 3 nice flats, % block from 12th and
Market: two fronts.
$4000— store property : car line ; lot 50 xBO.
$n.OO— residence, near Cala. and Jones.
$4250—2 nice flats: olock from Eddy and Jones
$4500— Fine residence: Western Addition; from s
2 streets; suitable for doctor.
S-50J0— 3 brand-new flats, near Page; rents $48
'00— 3 eiegant f!>:soii Golden ate aye.
*6500— Business property on O'Farrell st, near
Orpheum.
45500— C0r. store and flat; off Sutter; very easy
terms.
520,000— Business property on 4th St.; rents
$170; 40 feet front.
$31 000-B'isinPss property on 6th st : 80 feet
from: r»nts SoOOO.
$46,000 — Business property: good improve.
ments: tenant; rents $350; big froiitace
near Baldwin. .
$35,000— Market-st. property, near Baldwin,
well rented.
0 her bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
* HOLIDAY SUGGESTION.
BUY A LOT FOR NEW YEAR.
What better present? For $5 down and $5 a
month we will sell you a choice of 19 lots in Hom-
er's Addition, 25x114 each: no interest or taxes
to pay: price, $275. which is less than adjoining
lots sold tor «pot cash; line location on Twenty-
ninth st., near Diamond, 3 blocks from Casiro-
street cable cars; this is an unusual opportunity;
no such lots for anywhere near that price can be
found elsewhere; they are actually cheap at $400: !
these terms and price of $275 will hold for the holl- j
dp.vs only, so buy now.
JACOB HKYMAN, Owner, 11 Montgomery st.
(A (\T\ for >ALK or exchange. _ '
fJitIUUU. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land: 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; IotSJxIGO-
G. H. UMBSEN <fe CO.,
14 Montgomery St.
Qj^/j/A 2-STORY HOUSES: 7 KOOMS,
tU)t)ul/ bah, vas; hand frescoed; $3600 : easy
terms; open dally. Nanny side Ge ry si., nr. Cook.
C_£flO GIVEN AWAY: ~ LOT 150x114
<_SUUU. front; choicest, p«rt of >ouih San i-ran-
cisco; Al chance for builder. PATTERSON <fc
CO.. 2 Valencia st. .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
REAL, ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
T\KE ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. ■
li I (\f\ 150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
»_) 1 " 'U. no trading; near iiisslon-st. and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $."> monthly.
«2j " C $100. $150 TO$H00: CHOICEST LOTS
♦J) iO. south of the park: near Affiliated col-
leges, new music stind and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installment*. '
J;i|-f\ TO $1300: RICHMOND JOTS; WE
\j — «JU can positively suu you In location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOU GKTZ <& BROTHER.
Rocm A, first floor, Crocker building.
117 ILLBUILDCuTTAOt-s, HOUSES <fc FLATS
'* at lowest prices for cash or lnstallmnts on your
own lot. or will furnish lot : call and examine plans.
DaN EINSTEIN, Builder, 63v Maricet street.
Ci HEAT BARGAIN; PACIFIC HEIGHTS:
\X '£ new houses: nil modern impiovements;
ilgh ed by electricity or cas; will sell cheap: tine
marine view; conservatory. Fill more and Green.
Apply BOVEE. TOY <t SO.NTaO, 30 Montgomery.
%!.*) I (111 6-ROO.MED COT i AGE.
IpS luU. $1850— 4-roomed cottage. ■
Take Iloward-s:. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks c.is: on 24th su; large, lots: easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder. ' :
Q,'JZ.f\(\ WILL BUY THE CHEAPEST,
<3)OO\i\J preltiest ami beat rottage in the Mis- |
sion of 8 rooms and bath, cor. 22d and Sanchez;
owner on 1 .remises Sundays. BALDWIN <t HAM-
MOND. 10 Mon gome y st.
RAND-NEW HOUSE; $250 CASH, $16
monthly.
No Interest on payments.' rv- "i,;v.!;
Lot 25x100 feel: level; one block from : Mlsslon-
sireet cars; onposite St. Mary's College stop; 4
largp rooms; bath: city water; high basement;
veranda: all w«ll-ttnished; open daily: Cuvier
st. : Keys next door, or apply 413 Kearriy. 9 to 12.
EE NEW7-R. HOUSE 36 JOOBT AYE., SUN-
nysiile Tract; close to electric cars: easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY to. 646 M ark St.
.HOTELS.
T>ROO^KTYN~H(nK7Z"~26B-2ri iTuRH~'sT^
1' board and room $1 to ?2 per day. J6 to $12
per week;'; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: : suite
loon s lor family $1 10 SI 50 per nii;ht: - first-class
service; frC-ecoacb.CiiA.RLKS 3iON.TGOM.EKY.-
, • ■-. -. " - -■- % . -..-:.' .■ . , ■' ' "•_;■- ■: :" -. , -" ■' --. . ■ ■; :< . *
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BvLDWIN & HAMMOND,
;.■-■ 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
© Af\r\f\ COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS AND BATH:
iJpTVrUV/. not and cold water, etc., and 2 lota.
25x137:6, on Golden Gate aye., nr. First; ave.:
must be so d ; make an offdr. " 'v "
AN ENTIRE PARK BLOCK— A BARGAIN.
CfcQTfWl 50 LOTS. CLOSE TO GOLDEN
tlpOXWv. Gate Park: a fortune In this block.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
CJf»rrvrv DEVIBADERO ST..NR. SACRA-
<2}\JU\J\J. mento; 2 bay-window flats; 6 and 7
rooms; rent $52 50; lot --7xllo.
i;.' PAY'S OVER 10 PER CENT.
<C 1 9 CArt RENT $1260 PER ANNUM; *
«IpX rJ\J\J. mo!er:i flats on best portion of
Leavenworth st. always rented. ■ i- JJ
AN OFFER WANTED— MUST BE SOLD.
o_79Afk HANDSOME MODERN RESI-
IZ.\J\J. dence on Clayton st.: 1 block from
Golden Gate Park, contains 12 rooms, bath, hot-
air furnace, etc.; mortgage $3600.
COTTAGE IN WESTERN ADDITION.
»nrA BA\ -WINDOW COTTAGE: 6
»Jp *.) I O\J . rooms and bath; on Jackson St., near
Broderick; lot .6x128. 1
A FORCED SALE— MAKE AN OFFER.
<2» J f\(\f\ 2-STORY building, CONTAIN-
UUU, ing 2 new flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x133; on Sacramento St.; rent
$37 60. „___
Cjin^n ANOTHER BARGAIN: SUNNY
«lr x£O\J. side 19th st., near Noe; level lot,
i;5x114.
A GOOD BUY.
<2>9pr AAA MORTGAGED FOR $22,500;
«!p-J«-J. v'\JV/. Montgomery st., near Sacramen- !
to: good 3 story brick building; will rent for about j
$175 a month; . size of lot 29:6x60, with use of
alleyway.
MISSION COTTAGE.
©91 Ofi 18TH ST., NEAR CHURCH; COT-
tlP^lvU. tage of 4 rooms and bath, etc. ; lot
25x100: half cash. .
A GOOD BUY.
fI_CAA/\ MAKE OFFER; DEVISADERO
tlpOv/l/". St. near Oak: brick building, rented
for $35; splendid business lot, 25x106:3.
t GOOD INTEREST.
©_ C AA STEVENSON ST., NEAR 13TH; 2-
! ~l*J\J\' . story house containing- i 3- room
fiats; rent $44; lot 26x80. .. ; ;
SEND FOR PRINTED LIST.
BALDWIN <& HAMMOND,
- 10 Montgomery st.
SAVE $5 A MONTH
DURING 1897.
Make up your mind to save $5 a month and
buy a lot. i It is the very best use you can
make of your money, as it li a splendid sav-
ings bank and one that pays hi-. 1 , interest.
$5 CASH A.vn $5 MONTHLY
Will buy a lot facing a street that Is graded,
sewered sad macadamized; on the line of an
electric road.
PRICE $350.
Over 125 lot? have been sold. Many homes
have • een bum; others now in course of con-
struction.
BEE THE CASTKO-ST. ADDITION.
TaKe Mission or Valencia 3:. cars, transfer at
14th at. to electric road, transfer again at
30 h st. and ride 5 minutes to the cor. cf Cas-
tro and Chenery sis. Agent on the ground
Sundays Call at our office or on E. ii.
LONG, 3207 2_'d at., cor. Mission.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
• 10 Montgomery st
LEGANT MODERN FLATS,
J CLOSE TO GOLD N GATE PARK.
|HsK> .."• GRAND PANORAMIC. VIKW.
Q£7^H A HANDSOME PAIR OF MOD-
<JpU I O\J. em fi.iisof 6 and 8 rooms and bath
each; only four months old; rent $5^ 50 per
month; lot 25x121 :10.
• EASION, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
' 638 Market at.
MODERN RESIDENCE.
NKAR THE PARK PANHANDLE.
BEDUCKD FROM $12,000.
©QKAA HANDSOME RESIDENCE OF 9
t£)UO\J\J* rooms: bath and finished basement;
On a corner: one block from th- 1 Park Panhandle:
in tirs!-c condition; lot 30x106:3 feet; very
easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDfiE & CO.,
638 Market st.
IfINE FLATS.
PAY BIG INCOME.
CLOSE TO MARKET ST.
CQKAA 4 GOOD FLATS OF 4 AND 5
t^OO\J\J. rooms and baih In Al condition: al-
ways rented: pays $816 per annum; two blocks
north of Market st.
..; ; EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' 638 Market at.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
•» ■■'■'U ■-■■■■ CHOICE NEIGHBORHOOD.
MUST BE SOI D.
<S>(?CAA MODERN 2-story residence
ifriJO\J\J. of V rooms and bath in splendid con-
dition on north side of Page at-; lot *J6x137:6 feet.
■fc-ASSTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' 638 Market st.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
SUBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENTS.
<sif\l £vf» 2 STOKES AND FLAT OF 5
«iPt/XOV/. rooms and bath on the north aide of
24th st., near Folsom; always rented; pays over
10 percent per annum; mortgage of $3300, at OVa
per cent can remain. -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. . 638 Market St.
HANDSO.MK KhSIDKNCiS.
NKAi. FELL AND .ASHBURYSTS.
OVKRLOOKI.NO THE PARK PANHANDLE.
' t>/»,r:AA MODERN 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7
i\?\)O\J\J . rooms an I bath: high tasement;
cement stone walk; iron fence: brick foundation,
' etc. ; everything in tirst-class condition; lot 25x103
feet.
EASTON, ELDRID'iE * CO.,
638 Market st.
A SNAP. ■— — -
-riL MISSION FLATS.
MUST BE SOLD.
CJO9CA 2 FINE FLATS OF 6 ROOMS EACH
<i!D«)iy»Jv/. ana also stable on N. side of 17th st..
near Howard: in good condition: always rented;
pays $25 per month: lot 25x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO-,
638 Market St.
PECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
WE HAVE LOTS MORE.
CALL AT OFFICE FOR LIST.
$2600— Business property on 24th St., near Fol-
som: 37:6x100; this is big value.
$1825— Golden Gate aye., near Raker; 25x137:6.
$1800— 2 choice lots on Douglass st., near 23d;
60x100: must oe S"ld.
$l7iO— l'residlo Heights lot; Clay at., near
Maple; 25x127:8.
J ,50 — Point Lobos ay?., near 9th aye. ; 25x100;
terms ,$5OO cash, balance $20 per month. , ■ ■ ~. .
$1000— Each; San Jose aye., near 29th st. ; 5
lots ready lor building.
$*00— E. corner Silver aye. and Crant St.;
50x1U7:3; College Homestead.
$500— X s  near 11th aye.: 26x120.
5425 — 17 h ave., near. Clement' st. ; sewered;
very cheap.
$200— 13 th aye., near N st.: 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRII)«E it CO.,
►■38 Market nt
COUNTRY lIKAt. .ESTATE.
GEL UMBShN & CO. ' r ; " r r™'
. DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dep't.
» 1 4 MONTGOMERY ST. >» '
(J>-1 C PER ACRE— 64O ACRfc-S 10 MILES
tIDXc/ from Sacramento, on Jilarysviile road;
food grain, ore .ard and pasture land: 9-room,
hard-finished house and outbuildings; family
orchard, including 82 orange trees in bearing: will
sell on easy terms or ox hauge for San Francisco,
Oak and or AlaniPda properly. ■ '. --.'■ ■ :
EXt-'HANGK— 17 ACRES JUST OUT-IDE OF
the town limits or ilaywards; all out in prunsa
and apricots; fine Improvements and a profitable
Income place.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY PRUNE OR-
10 chard in lull bearing In subdivisions of 10
a res or moie: price 0:1 application.
Ur E HAVE SOME fine in<. omk-produc-
»t ing : vineyard and orchard, grain and stock
ranches; fur bale on easy terms or exchange for
San Francisco improved or unimproved property.
fi; r.|l(| EUR THE CKLEKIIATEti PLA< E
tJ)OO\J\J known at Hie Johannesbure, in Napa
County, of 320 acres improved in resistant vine-
yard, orchard, redwoods and '-canyons,* mineral
sprints, lakes, hunting, bathing an<! fishing; finely
Improved with ma ; uildln*, cottages, stables
and completely turn. and equipped fol t,usi-
ness; this is a rare chance fora jihy Ician who
wishes to start a sanitarium. 1 a! for detailed de-
scription and photos; this is an income property
now. ""■*-•'• ".-:"?■:" v ; '. , : ..:--■'" ,~ '
I^RUIT LANDS.
WOLFSKILL ORCHARD TRACT.
ON PUTAII CREEK.
IN THE CELEBRATED VAC A VALLEY.
I 10, 20 and 4l> acre tracts of this beautiiul subdi-
vision, adjoining Hie lown of Wlnteia, at greatly
reauced -prices. No belter fruit land in the Slate.
Call for pan icularj. •--.-:'• . •
EASTUN, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
.'■ ' , .638 Market st.
m ACRES IN CONTKA COSTA COUNTY;
X I O li/ 2 miles ;rom town: goo. l house: 5 rooms
and cellar, barn; 4 acres orchard and vineyard; half
good grain land, balance pasture: $'2500 cash.
<Di 9 fv /JAA 5122 ACRES LAND, SONOMA
~O.l)vi\J . county ; 3 houses: one of 9ro<ims
pr.rtially furnished; good barn, ulacksmi:h-shop
and tools; 4 horses and harness; complete set
farming implements; 60 acres prunes a;id peaches;
15 head cattle; 300 head sheep: 300 ad hogs:
all fenced: plenty wood and water: on main coun-
ty road: win exchange for good income property,
Oakland. Alßm da or San Francisco.
BHAIXWaLD, BUCKBKE _. CO., 218-220
Montgomery St., Mills building. ,
<Si Ir A CHICK CN, OUTFIT; 250 LAYING
tJp i i'tJv».bens; horse, wagon, harness, cow, in-
cubator-brooder, iarininir and small tools: place
to let, 100 per year; 14 acres: i sandy, soil;- all
nicely 'improved; 2 miles from l here. GEO.C.
YOUNG, Petaluma. - . v , ;
RANGE. LEMON AND i-RUIT LAND IX
.beautiful southern California: ■ easy terms.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st.,
tan Francisco. , ; ■ • ... . • : : ;,
MARIN WAt 3000 acres: M miles from < city;
lots any size; fruit, grain,' vegetable lund; rail
or water i transit; $40 to $75 per acre: ■'■ erim to
suit, 1 SYNDICATE IN V'T CO., 65 Chronicle bldg.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OK.'
California : lands for sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Fran Cisco, Cal.
..-' ■ ■ . ■■--.■ ■ - ■ . -- .■■,■•■
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE-Continued.
TTATCH-ABMSTRONG NUT ORCHARD. "
.. The soil and climate of this portion ot the State
are especially suited to almond culture ant many,
hundreds of acres of this nut are now In full bear-
ing: among the great properties which have trans-
formed this section of the Mate the moat import-
ant Is that of the Hatch- Armstrong Co., called
the sierra VUta ranch; its possessions consists
of 1015 acres: 1 of this great tract 500 acres are
devoted to almonds: one ton to the acre is a fair
crop: the fcierra VHta wi 1 1 average even better
than ibis; as the nuts bring: at least 8 cents per
pound it is evident agool orchard should bring In
$160 per acre per year: these almonds are all of the
soft or paper-shell varieties and tor these there is
always a good mnrUe ; besides the almonds there
are hundreds of acres planted in Beaches, figs,
apricots, prunes and other iruits. -
GOING IN 20-ACRE L >TS.
A GENUINE SNAP.
SEND FOR MAPS.
BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG,
80 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
A/ICMAHAiS ESTATE — —
COLONY TRACT
Is beine sold In small holdings to actual settlers at
reasonable prices and on most favorable terms; no
land in the world is richer than that in the va ley
of the Puiah Creek; none -can surpass in fertility
of soil and beauty of location the McMahau
rancho, adjacent to the town 01 Winters.
Formerly a ; part of the old Wolfskin grant,
known far and wide as the very beat tract of land
In California. Putah Creek flows thiouzh the Me-
Mahan I ract, and every foot of the 4000 acres
now being subdivided will produce anything, from
cabbages, and onions to oranges, lemons and pome-
granates. The location is but 75 miles from .san i
Francisco, and is in the midst of as beauiiful a
country as one could wish to see. - It is an ideal
region for the Intelligent, industrious, well-to-do ,
home-seeker. Two thousand acres sold since
January 1, 1896.
Send for maps and full information.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st., a F.
WE ARE SELLING THAT SPLENDID NUT
'*" orchard of the : Hatch- Armstrong Nut and"
Fruit Company: 20 : acre lots, all lull- bearing trees;
don't fail to inquire about this.
iiOVEE, TOY & SPNNTAG,' .'. /
30 Montgomery St.
A. 10-ACRE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON LEVEL,
j\ rich bottom land: frontingon AlamedaCreek,
In Aiameda County ; a rich and rare offering.
;; BOVEE, TOY <fc SONNTAG. W. ••
.. 30 Montgomery st.
THE 1500-ACRE • GOAD . TRACT IN ALA-
meda County is Koin? In subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as $35 per acre: send for map and
description. BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery at.
BLUE LAKES.
1 > SUMMER . RESORT,
With 260 acres and nil building improvements, is
offered for sale or exchange;. this property is clear
of all debt; submit an offer. •.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO,
30 Montgomery st.
rpiiE PROBLEM SOL'vED. . ~
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
<>')AACRKS ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
• ) — ' " Railroad, near ' Escalon. San Joaquin
County, Cal.: under Stnnlsi«ui canal; level and
fertile; suitable to alfalfa, sugar beets, grain, fruit
(including oranges), vegetables, etc.
PRICE ONLY $40 PER ACRE.
FOR A COLONY.
TO UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons desiring to join one, by buylii? for cash
or In exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and
For further particular! address
McAFEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. •
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
xi. the cheapest fruit, -vegetable and (rain land
ever offered in Alnmeda County in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, l 1 hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell:: title perfect; Investigate- 67 Ctironi-
cle building.
UY THAT FINK DIA. STI'D: PRICE $55;
worth $100. , Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
I ITTLK HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN. 1M-
J.i proved: easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Souoiu*
City: every Monday at, 632 Market at.. S. F.
rKOiM-UTY "•; 'JtU i.XCUA>tiJS.
.r: fr HOUSES~A?<7rLTrrs, $550 TO 850.000T206
•'«* ranches all sizes and locations $200. $25,-
C 00: 76 business places from $25 to «10 000; 10
bui-. sell orexch.tnge-a^y kl!id;of property s.-e H.
C. DECK KR, 1020 Market street, opposite Fifth
I XT A NTED — RAN CH IN CENTRAL OR
*» southern California, in exchange for hand-
some residence in New York City; worth $32,000.
mortgaged for $18000- Address ROGERS, 489
Clase-on aye., Brooklyn. N. V,
T\' ILL.TRADk:,I OR 2 L iTS, ONE BLOCK
'» from depot, Santa Clara, l al. : for grocery
and bar, or branch bakery; must be doing good
business. *?. C, box 77, Call Office.
ije.nd FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for gala WOOSTBH & WHITTON. San Jose.
rpiMßEß— li!Bo ACKKS; ' KKKN t.0.; PLENTY
1 water: cxrpilpnt nnn run '■ N. boxlH. Till.
FKOPKBXY WANTED.
\ \TavtJ; . "iVANcTfT W M^hTG BASsTwATKB
»» and wood: price 500. it., box 1 3,' Call. :
JIOJiHI" TO LOAN.
(IQAIi (\t\f\ AT 61/2 per cent ON CITY
jJtOUU.WUU real estate: also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates in probate: any sum. >IIAINVVALD,
BUCKBEE & CO., 218 and .20 Montgomery at.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest, : rates. BALDWIN .. JKWKi.it x
STORE, 848 Market st. ; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OU 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undlvicie ! inirrcsts. real estate In pro-
: bate; furniture ; and pianos -, without removal.
1 MoCOLQAN, 24 Montcomery at., room H.
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST — MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Oince,
room 7. Flood building. . Pledges for sale cheap.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no deiavs: no commissions: low
interest. " Km. 68, lionohu-» bid?, 1170 Market si.
fllQ9'\'(jnrt AT « AXK I:ATK>: IST AND
<JP«J_jO.UUv7 2d mortgaees. estates, rents, etc ;
lend na low ax $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market as..
iffij'rt'TO $50,000; LOV\ K-,1 RATE: I.M «t i,)"
tlptJU mortgage: Hal orlnstlmnt. Dryden, 535 Ca!.
ON FURNITURE AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
casned. SCRIBNER A Cii , 7 City Hall aye.
« DVANCES ON DIAMONDS. J.KWBLRY.KTC
J\ Columbia Loan it l ollatcral Office, 9 ('rani aye.
PRIVATE P HTY LOANS ON ANY tUSOU
JL WPcnrltv: low Iniprpir. N..'bn- 15. fall OfTir<. ■■--,'
. jt rAU'NliiiOKfcliJS.
HIBHX»T PRICE PAID Fmr~cXMT~oF7
clothing. «'osmoiio'li«n 1 nun office. 49 Third.
HONEY : WANTKD.
U^ASTED-A LOAN OF $18.0 Oi>N FIRsF-
1 V» class security for 1 to 3 pears: value $65,000;
close to city; on country property. Address D..
box 102, 1 -Hi; onic. -.--'-
; :» JtxNANCiAL. .-:• '.'-•' ...■' ~~~"
1 NIELLIGKNT y^y^y^'^':' :,"■ --■'-.--.:
1= - - - ,-■ INVESTMENT '
Is a science; lik« other sciences it has made rapid
81 rides during ihe past few years: we syndicate
Investments > in trusteJ. to us, and by ■ ur knowl-
edge make your money earn money; during the
past five years we have paid weekly divid rids
avera«:;n< -over 8 per j cent per -; week; ". checks
muled every Saturday: investments accepted of
$100 and upward; highest bank and commercial
references; Investigate our methods; ; pamphlet
mailed free. '■ .: '.-■■■■ ■ \
-;.v-.;:',^ SAM KELLER «fe CO.,
- . , Bankers and Brokers, ' ■■:'- ., \-:^
44 Broadway. ■ : ' ■ : - New York.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAYV.
DVunrTß^Tr^jrvmu^^
ally; -private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. vk. HOWE, atfy-at-law. 850 Market.
SAILORS' AND MKf H A NICY WAGES COL-
O lecteu; estates p.-obated: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice free. , : J. G. JEFFRESS. law office,
632 Market St., room 23. . :■■■.::'.. ■'..-.. .■■;. £_ :■ .
:W. K IN G, ■: cIIKONICLK «. BLiHi ; : C ON SUL-
. tation free: "pro bate:. all cases: fees low. .: '
DVICK FREE: M) CllAlUiK UNLESa sUi>
lessfiil. W. W. HaVII)-'».\ 827 Market a:. •
1 ,••;■ . ■■ ■-' : .-' .&_;wxiNor; f MACifflNKa. ; " ?-.-■ ■ :
EWINB M>TCHI>?KS BOUGHtT SOLD
rented and repaired.;; 145 sixth a:."..: .'; -
LL Klx\D.-> iluliUHT. SOLD. _.XCHA.\OKtt
rented repaired; lowest rates. ;: 205 Fourth su
i ■.■.--....■....■.-: ........;.-.-...-■..-,. ,.....-,-.'... -.■....■,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND. '' ; ' ■ '■''-"-"'.
828 Madiaon at., 9 rooms. $28
—— Webster si., lovely 6 r00m5..."...... ....... 20
1360 Webster st., 8 r00ma...^"..:. ................ 22
615 Twentieth st., 5 room«, oath.. :...... 15
4tiu Twenty-first si.,' 5 rooms, modern .-... lo
'Team and man to show property.' ;
WM. M. DE WOLF, Rent Collector, 1050 Broad-
. way, Oakland. ;- : :. r .'j
ffIjOAAA to order: NEW colonial!
«JP_iUUU. cottage of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lot 25x100; East Oakland; fine location:
street work; sidewalk: gar,: costs nothing to inves-
tigate; $350 cash; 825 p-r month, J. H. YOUjNG,
owner and builder, 1243 Park St., Alameda. :
IV ANTED— SAN FRANCISCO HOUSE FOR
»» fine piece land, 140x170, near Telegraph aye.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. ~ ■
CO ACRES LAND IN CONTRA COSTA
1I t i Connt for good cottage In Oakland, Berkeley
or San Francisco. a C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
( An ACRES ORANGE LAND, NEAR ORO-
• \J\J ville, in thermal belt for half what it is
worth: 20 acres oranges bearing. • C.K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland. ■
9n ACRES; CONTRA COSTA COUNTY:
--V house 5 rooms; 4 acres orchard; 15 acres
wheat; $1600. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
and. ■ ;;•. ■■:.,■.•■..■' :.--.■.....--.. ;..;
A SACRIFICE FROM $1000 TO $600 FOR
-^.immediate sale, nice cottage of 4 rooms and
basement; barn, good well and pump; lot 50x125,
fenced; • terms if desired. H. A. PLEITJNER,
Fruitvale union.
AKGAINB— S4 0 PER LOT; 3 LOTS, 25x120
each; situated on sixteenth st., near ->ixt«en:h-
st. depot and opp. s te of" proposed park: street
work all done. WM. J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth st.
Oakland.
OUR HOLIDAY BARGAIN; TWICE CUT
straight in the middle; commissions thrown
In: a fine modern home in Fruitvaie; $1200 cash:
follow the na_. LOWRY * OWEN, Fruitvale
station. .
A N EXCELLENT BARGAIN IN BEAUTI-
-c\- ful Frultvale; It consists of a modern 2-s.ory
house of 8 rooms and bath; 7-foot basement: good
burn; corner lot, 50x135; fencea; on Frultvale
aye. ; has to be sold at a great sacrifice, as the
owner is going East.
Three years a^o the S present owner ' built the
house, which, including lot, cost him $4500; any
reasonable offer now given will not be rejected
For further information apply to H. A. PLEIT-"
NEK, Fruitvaie station.
<2»'7£.TO $160 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«P I O lots in the town of j«"ltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
'ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. RUNKLE, owner, 916V_ Washington St.,
Oakland, Cal. "
I <4t 1 S() LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<IrX«J\/. Frultvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week : selling fast: good improvements.
H. B PINNEY owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AIA3IEDA ltliAL ESTATE.
6 FINE LOTs7o6x)9o, CENTRAL AYE. AND
y Park st. : grea: bargain.
4 lots, north side San Antonio aye., 50x150;
offer wanted.
1 lot, 4ux3S»o, Clinton aye. ; make an offer.
2-story house, 7 rooms; lot 45x150; Blanding
aye.: only $1600; bargain; easy terms.
"Lot, 10x125, Buena Vista aye., 2 blocks from
Bay-st. station: only $600.
' 9 rooms, new; lot 50x150, San Jose aye.; bar-
gain.
10 rooms, new; lot 49x150: San Jose aye.; ele-
gant bouse: bargain. E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park
aye.. • Itimedit '. .'. ■ ' •
HOUSE? TO f.ET,
( » A O HAIGHT— 9 ROOMS, BATH, $45; 2612
UrrO Folsom, 12 rooms, bath, $10: 726 Shot-
well, 9 room;--, bath, $30; . 462 Eiehin aye., new,
5 rooms, bath, $25: Fifteenth St.. near Howard,
li rooms, bath, $20; 2136 Union. 5 rooms, ba h.
*1A; 10.9 Capp, 5 rooms, $14; 1232 York, 4
rooms, bith, $14; 1940 Lexington aye., 5 rooms,
bath, Sl2. W. H. CRI.M & CO., 118 Montgomery.
r~K(iOMS, BATH A.>D LAUNDRY. SUNNY
• aide of Glen Park ay. : in excellent repair and
very tractive: $:0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
avo., off Twelfth st.
C_7 HOUSE 4 ROOMS 2 PRKCITA AYE.,
<_) I . off Ml slon St., bet. 27th and 28th.
UNXY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS AND BATH; $18.
2830 Pine st. _______________________
,>-| 7 ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
♦IP IO, pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason st.
TOP PAYING rent; will Ul'lLD TO
suit: small payments; 5 to 10 room houses;
near Clinton : station, Oakland. Inquire at 215
Sansome st., room 12.
(JT»*>'> HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH
jjp^O. Apply 121 Page st r -'■:■■ : -,
4 ROOMS A.vD B \TH, CHEAP. 429 THlR-
tt teenth s:., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
UlistiS IO li.Js.Nl' FOR VJiRV LiTTLK
money at BALD WIN _ JU.a£IMOND'& XJ
. llontromerv ot. ■:'''><•
tOXIAIitS IO L.XT.
fflTKro'iriiNlCFr, CLEAN 4 AN'bfi3{OOM
«IfO flats, cottages at a. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. ' '■■;-.«
OZV COTTAGE FURNISHED COiIPJLErE
for housekeeping. 14.-;3 steiuer si.
'■PI.NKCOI'TAOK OF 5 ROOMS; BASEMENT
X 1X 1 and yard. 737 Treat aye.
*8J VfWl CASH AND *20 : MONTHLY; 5
«iP— Uv" rooms and bath; cottage: built latest
improvements. 332 Jersey St., near Castro.
p. R< O.MS, BATH, BASEMENT AND STABLE;
*) rent reasonable. 120 Killmore st.
I'UKNISHED HOUSES.
C^A^Eir^O^^lT^r^O^<T^^^
*J)Ov' taxe-i; a nice country home in Larkspur,
45 minutes from this city; 2-story, 9-room hard-
finished house; barn, carriage, piani. and furni-
ture; lot aboutBoxlso; no cash down unless you
wish:' for sale for *30 per month ; price $3500. Ad-
dress O. 0., 83 St. Am.'s building. '
mo RENT— \VEL_-FURNISHKD HOUS- OF
X 12 rooms: basement and billi<>rO-rjom, with
large yard; - ie it $100; only 'responsible parlies
need apply. 801 Scott st., corner of Fulton. •
<5J»i it i , 12-KOOM, FURNISHED SUNNY
i^--\)''. house: 1454 California St.. cor. Larkln.
II'KMSHED FLATS.
~^~(YyVA\U^H^sk\\l.Y FURNISHED FLAT
t)\Jj- of f, rooms.
JFLATS '1O LiTi
1 Al A viiiEkciA.'si6w"TnpCTaS73nßOolt*
11/11 bath, $32 50: 10^5 .Valencia,', lower, 6
rooms, bath, $23 60: cor. Hermann, and Elgin
Park, 5 rooms, bath, $23; 637 . Howard, 6 rooms,
bath. »?2 60: 2b19 Sevent"eiith st., 7 rooms, bath.
$20; -'115 Hermann. 6 rooms, both, $20; 1609
Turk, 6 rooms., bath, $20; 3167 Twenty-fourth,
5 rooms bath, $18: 207 Second, 7 rooms, $18;
904 Shotwell. corner, 5 loons, bath, $18: 664
Howard. 5 rooms, bath, $18; 58 Teharna, 7 rooms,
$17; 116 Dorland, 5 rooms, $14; 11 McLea tourt,
4 rooms, ba:h, $14; 643 Post, 3 rooms. $12; 824
Filbert, 6 mis. bath, $18. W. it. Ciii.>i & CO., 118
Montgomery st. -•■- '.
CTAVIA, BET. WALLER AND HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia; rent greatly re uced; the
'cheapest flats in the city: sun all day; will be put
in first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $10
and $-.25. Apply MADISON <fc BURKE. :
d_ I _>'-' LOVELY- SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
J.O. rooms, bath. gas. mirror-top mantels;
cars pass the door. 151 astro, nr. Twenty-fifth.
TVTICE SUNNY FLAT;FiLLMOUE ST., NEAR
-L\ Pine; rent reasonable. Apply to . BOVEE,
IOY J£ BONN TAG, 30 .\lo.it(.omery st.
■ fl_ 1 « LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS.
' ®X*T. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st., bet.
Noeand Sanchez. . . .
VI '1 LILY AYE., NEAR UOUUH— LOWER
XX«J2 Hat 4 rooms. -
I A f> FULTON EXTRA|FINE UPPERFLAT:
ltl_w 7 rooms: bath; $35. :; - .
|>UYA SENSIBLE CH KISTMA* PRESENT;
X) don't pay rent, but putyour money in a home;
only $100 cash and ba.ance monthly wili secure a
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and modern im-
provements. E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-sacond
st., corner Mission. ' . .
PPKII F. AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
improvements: on Twelfth St.; $20. :
■ Lower flat; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front- and
rear yards tor fliiwera; $2-60. , -
• i-our sunny 10 mis and bath on Men Park aye.;
second floor; $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st. , .
AM. &PECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.,
•"* havo 40 new cottages »nd flats: cheap rent.
m v LliT-4 ROOMS; $11. 81'J JESSIE ST-
X near Ninth. ■ Key at grocery. ■ ; :.
»>O PROSPER t»T., DFF B SIXTEENTH. HALF
; — O block from Market— Lvively sunny upper
modern 5-rootn flat: rent $15;' water fr-e. - - ■•..'.-'.
i HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 ; AND -6
\J rooms, $8 to if 16; see them. 523 a Seventh st.
T?OAis TU ItKNT " k\)K VERY LITTLE
! I: money at BA_D WIA _ HAil —.ONi/d, ; lv
jucntfcornery at. . ■ ; ' * ' '.•'.ft. 1 '
''' |A,)| HAIGHT. NR. BAKER— ICE tt-ROO-M
1 U_.l flat: best block on Halght; tint- view. .
(J> 1. ) FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY: ROOMS AND
iJpIZ., basement. 706 Birch aye.. Br. Buchanan.
AiOCtoJb.KJilii'lNCr KOOJIS. , 4
til is Street. '
QCJ9 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
~—j housekeeping raoms: a' so suites and single.
v . t Golden Gate Avenue. ■":
QQ7A GOLDEN GATE- AYE , NR. LAGUNA,
t'ij i. opp. Jefferson square— 2 or 3 pleasant un-
furnished rooms for ligh housekeeping; modern
conveniences; rent reasonable. Apply to-day or
■ ■ .*■■'' ■:.'■• ' .. ■ - ■ :'.",■
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
i II 111 Si r«o-. <
000 FIFTH— TWO ROOMS FURNISHED
*•*-■'-■' for housekeeping; cheap rent.
lulkuni Street.
o^7l FOLSOM, NEAR SIXTH — SUNNY
00 I 3 suite furnished for housekeeping; $8 mo.
t»rovo- street^ ; >
1 GROVE — HANDSOMELY FUR-
I l\J£t*Jli nished parlors and kitchen: modern
I conveniences: private family; reasonable; close
to park panhandle; gas r»nge.
.-•*<■. ; ; 'Hayes Street. 1 '■".'■- ■■ ■
1 HQ 1 HAVES— 2 PARTLY FURNISHED
X\JV'£ front rooms: cheap. ■ :■
l.unurd Stroo..
7QO HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
JO- room; kitchen; sink; furnished for house-
keeping. ■■■■' ■- •
, <)esste Street.
070 JEBSIE— LAKGK FRONT ROOM COM-
0 * O pletely furnished for houseseeplng; only $7.
1 km street.
1 All PARKIN - HOUSEKEEPING AND
l^tll single rooms; rent C 5 and $6. '
. . y\ in 1 1 it Street.
J\AR MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
«J'±U housekeeping; large yard.
Oak Street.
9Q OAK. NR. MARKET— I 2 ROOMS; RENT
-it 7 reduced: 3 floors separate for housekeeping;.,
newly papered and painted; sanitary plumbing;
fine location for renting rooms: see them.
Shotwell Street. .
QOQ SHOTWELL-3 FINE ROOMS: BATH;
V^O 4 closets and storeroom; $9: water free.
tiiircl Si «a..
IAO THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J-"O rooms; complete; first floor; front; bath;
I gas...; .-.;-- .. ' . ■■■ - .'■' ■'
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQCZ7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
000 I Desirable furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent. --.. .
■.'> ;\ uu JSesn Aveuue. ;
Q-l C VAN NESS AYE.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
1/10 nished alcove: dressing and bath attached;
carpets, furniture new; kitchen for iUht house-
"keeping; reasonable: furnished parlor floor. 4rms.
Miscellaneous.
TJiLEOANT HOUSEKE ► PING ROOMS CHEAP
JCi at S. F. Renting to.. 63 Chronicle building.
K00M..4 TO LKT.
JEddy Street.
3 EDDY, COR. MARKET— FRONT
ij rooms $2 up, light housekeeping.
~~ ~ Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Q9l EIGHTH .ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
• )»- :: front room for lor 2 gentlemen; gas, bath
and grate.
Ellis Street.
CiCyi ELLIS— NEATLY FURNISHED PAR-
D_j I lor suite; bay-window room: other rooms.
rnn ELLIS— LARGE NICELY FURNISHED
OtJO sunny front room: gas, bath; private fam-
ily^ : "■
KOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IXCANDES-
cent lights in every room; reading-room, con-
taining daliy ers: "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night; rooms per night, 35c to
$1 50: week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to 330; fire es-
capes; elevator on office tloor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready; hot and cold water In each room: bams.
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS. MR*. KATE %
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly fumlahed; elevator: hot A cola water.
l ulsom Street. .
1 A/11 FOLSOM — NEATLY FURNISHED
Xv/DJ. room; rent reasonable.
Geary Street.
007 GEARY - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
_j— j i rooms, en suite or single; first-class dining-
room in connection. ■ ■
Q..Q GKARY, NEAR POWELL— SUNNY
O-.O furnished rooms; terms reasonable.
QQ7 GKAI Y. COR. MASON— N EWLY FUR-
| «_>O I nished sunny rooms; terms reasonable.
«/»- GEARY (THENAVARRE)-FURNISH-
IVJO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
' ?:i 0 GEARY— kLEGANT SUNNY BACK
0 J.O parlor; suites or single: light housekeeping.
7QI GEARY— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
I—l room with grate; terms reasonable.
ARTINETTI, 1101 GEARY, SW. C >R. VAN
Ness— Suites and singles; newly furulshed.
Uuiueu Lain .i\iuue.
01 Q GOLDEN . GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
_li/ sunny front room: grate; also single; $5 up.
Hayes street. ; :■{;■ •
Q(\nl HAVES— 2 UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
OUOg terms reasonable.
;-■!. ■ Jackson Street. - ' ;
JACKSON ST., WESTERN "ADDITION— SUN-
ny room, nicely furnished, tor gentleman;
terms reasonable: private family; reference. D.
8., box 88, Ca 1 office.
~ Jones Street.
>)(\rr JONES— THE VAN WINKLB: NEW
-' ' I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street.
4 RIJNGTON HOUSE, -327. KF.ABNY —
."\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
. »aa In * very respect: term* reasonable
AT KW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
iAi corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20, 26 50
cents per night: special rales per week or month.
1. 11 km Street.
Q97 LARKIN— 2 LARGE BAY-WINDOW
tJ_j i parlors: furnished or unfurnished.
-. Market Street.
Q (\ MARKET, COR. STOCKTON— 2 OR 4
Ot)U sunny bay-window connecting rooms suit-
able for doctor or dentist or other purposes.
V l*KJiri -r.". Ji'l -1-. 10 *j JIABKKT — I'btt
I night. ::5c ic «1 : week. Si MJ 10 $5: families. :
McAllister Street.
i rvrr\ lister— SUNNY furnished
1 \JO\J room; double bed; rent $5 60.
j Minna Street. I .
nr\ r 7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
00 I nished lay- window room, $1 a week.
Mission Street. ...
HANCOCK HOUSK, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
Ninth Street.
i in NINTH— BAY-WINDOW AND OTHER
J- J. V rooms; central; cheap.
■. ' . fine Street. '(>'}■
ncyt PINE— ROOMS $5 UP; SUNNY; RUN-
l>— J ning water: quiet: grate; gentlemen. • .
j -.■--: ;.; lost Street.
■••TJi ANDOLPH." 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
Xii 60 bay-window parlors: smaller rooms; run-
ning water: gas; $1 50 to $4 per week. ■-
T t\^. POST AND 5 13 JONES-NICE KOOMS;
i\JC to 815. •■■ Apply A. M. ELKINS, 90S
Market at. -."■." ,-■' . ■' -
1 oneil >i ice..
OAOA POWELI.;- FINE SUNNY FRONT
_-VO suite: also double rooms. L. STOKES.
Sixth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
, Mucik.ini 3vr««i.. : -
mHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR- j
' X nisbed rooms, en suite or single: hot. cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
()f\(\ STOCKTON, aK. COR. GEARY— SU .N N V
' i.\J\J downtown rooms; $7; - gentlemen; refer-
ences. : , ■■:'.',)
£. —Her ■ ; rae,, ;
m SUTTER— NEWLY FURNISHED,
choice, reasonable: appreclatea If seen.
"1 11 1 SU' T T X i:— NICELY -FURNISHED
J .11 rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
1 I A<. .SUTTEII — NICELY FURNISHED
-"X'JLdbO sunny single rooms and offices:. 9s up.
i;t|/. SU TTE R — SUNNY FURNISHED
—.UJ-O rooms In private family: board optional.
; Taylor Street. "
1 HO TAYLOR— SINGLE ROOMS, *1 WE'K;
:X\)o double v rooms, $1 75; large bay-window
suite cheap. '-..■: "..";■.- ' - " ; ■•■:
1 ►WO TAYLOR — SUNNY /.HOUSE, 10
XO-.U rooms, bath: fine view; rent reasonable.
. lliira srree:. ■ \
1 7 THIRD ; (IMPERIAL) — SUNNY FUR-
X I nisbed rooms: tourists specialty: transient.
Turk Stree.t "-■'
K /«Q TURK-SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS
U'drO and bath; £6: private. t£
: Twelfth Street.
9-1 9 TWELFTH-UPPER; FLAT; 5 ROOMS
— 1 — end bath: all conveniences. Apply in rear.
FHOTOGKAPHLEKS SUPPLIES. :
"Si^^G^lii^^mE^LATF.ST CAMERA OUT;
i:J6o;"slze 31/4x41/4. 124 Geary sL
BOAKDINO ANI> KOOMS.
LA NORMANDIE. 326 EDDY— FIRST-CLAS9
family hotel: elegantly furnished sunny suites
an 1 single rooms: also table board; service unsur-
passed; terms reasonable: cars to ali points of the
city pass the door. MRS. F. B. MARSHALL.
ELEGANT FURNISH ROOMS, WITH OR
without board; all modern conveniences; lo-
cation finest in city. SE. cor. Sanchez and Twenty
first ss. , '
I7f\(* VAN- NE>B— ELEGANTLY; FURNISH-
1 v'O ed : rooms with boird; a perfect home;
prices very low. - ,
T>ESPECTaBLE WIDOW WANTS a FEW
-It reliable mechanics to board; sunny rooms;
home comforts. Address Home. Poitofllce sub-
station 3. . ■ . '
AT" OUN'. COUPLE CAN OBTAIN Fir: ST-CLASS
-1- board with" sunny bay-wl uiow room; new
house; every home - convenience at reasonable
rate: jno o.her boarders; references. Apply 10-
day. 438 Kiidy st.
9U(_I HYDE— LARGK BU3f«T ROOM; GOOD
*-£/»/ table: large grounds.
r 7\') POST— NIC LV FUKMsHtD ROOM.-.,
• 1— with board; suitable for 2; $20 each; use
of parlor. - •
P./kl GfiARY— EL MONTE, COR. TAYLOR
O\J X st.; sunny rooms, with free use of bath;
references; terms reasonable.
_1 9 KDUY — LOVELY SUNNY PARLOUS
'I 1 _ and other roomi, with board: $20 up. ■
EOTr.L BKRTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references; all modern conveniences.
OH).* VAN NESS— NEWLY HKMsHEI'sU.N.'
OUO ny moms: cood board: reasonable. .
CUILJJKK.V KOAIII>KD.
GOOD HOME FOR 1 OR 2 CHILDREN;
piano and other advantages; own cow; 58
month. R., box 3. Call Office. Oakland. .
STOKES 'it> LET. . .
1 Til A VALENCIA— GOOD LOCALITY; NEW
l"li store; plate-glaas windows: fine $45
51 5 Third St., near South Park; store, 3 100ms. .$35
52 Clay at., near Drumm '..$3O
2518 Mission St., store and 1 room $26
Cor. Eddy and Leavenworth sts., basement $10
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery at.
NICE LIGHT STORES UN FILLMORE,
near Pine— Rent reasonable. Apply BOVEE,
TOY <fe SONNTAG, 30 Montgomery st.
<£ ICi FWV STORE AND LIVING ROOMS;
<& ID.OU. 10U7y 2 Larkln: new. Ap. 102 -ddy.
TORE. 1524 HOWARD, CO LAFAYETTE^
with fixtures; cheap rent.
y|OA FOURTH — SMALL STOKE WITH
'^I— ." rooms in rear; low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. .
T LOW RENT— PART Or' STORE AND
baement. 324 Post st.
: OFJfIC-ES TO _,XT.
D^^Eslc^R^O^^T^ri3ETT^U^EA^~lv^NTT^fK)9
Kearny st. , room 8.
!>Ji3VTXSTS.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Sutter, NX. cor. Stockton.
ffl>7 FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $15;
«I) I . warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
50c. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
"POSITIVELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION,"
X DR. HARDING, 500 Sutter; tel. main 5375.
DR. JESoUP, DENTIST, FORMERLY SUT-
ier and Montg'y, can be found 318 Kearny st.
pHALfAfiT & CHALFANT, MOVED FROM:
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework a specialty.
■LIULL SET OF TEETH, 87, WARRANTED:
X filling 50c, crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 y2y 2 3d.
OLTON DKNTAL ASSOCIA i lON , bOH iiAli-
\J ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
C>7 A SET FOR TEETH— WAHRANTED AS
•4P I good as can be made; tilling $1 DR. SIMM,;*
dentist, 930 Market st., next. Baldwin Theater.
OAINLESS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 year
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 81 5% Geary.
R. LUDLUM HILU 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting whea
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
ET OF TEEIH WITHOUT Al'LaiK Dii,'
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk a-
1 JR. J. J. LKKA, li:06 MARKET, I.OK. UDLUK.V
U Gale aye.; open even ins*: sundars till noon.
pKOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 7j9M.,K-'
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; palnlei*
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill, SI np.
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of Unproved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 Farrell*;.
LL .WORK REASONABLE AND WAJft-
ranted. DR. J W. KKY. 1123 Market st.
proposals.
"proposals f^r^hlPer^ction'oF'a
X brick achoolhouse. Ofiica Board of Education,
San Francisco, December 12, 1896. In accordance
with a resolution adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion of the City and County of Sau Francisco,
Sealed Proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, ; in open session of
the Boar! of Education, on Monda*. December
28, 1896. at 8:30 o'clock P. if., for the erection
and completion of a brick school building on a lo;
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, in said City and County, i.i accordance
with plans and specifications, which may bo seen
at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of said
board, room 55, Flood building, southwest corner
Fourth and Market streets. Separate bids will ba
received for (1) the building, exclusive of the
work for which s petal bids are required: for (2)
heating anc ventilating, and fir (3) plumbing and
gastitting. Each bid must be accompanied by a •
certified check as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to. whom contract may be
awarded will be required prior to or at time of the
execution of the contracts to pay their proportion
of the cost of advert. sing this no.ice In three daily
newspapers. Blank proposals furnished by the
secretary. The board reserves the right to reject
any or all bids, or any portion of any bid as the
public good may reaulre.
GKORG . BEANSTON. Secretary. -
LAliiSl ; ■■ KUil'l'LNU lNTJtt.i*l«klUiUJE.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic St"»-»mi»ri.
NEW \ ORK— Arrived Dec 26-Str 11 H Meier, ■
from Bremen via Southampton; stmr Sorrento, im .."•"
Hamburg.' , . :.>.-«.
Sailed Dec 26— stmr La Gascogne, for Havre: •
stmr Ktruria, for Liverpool; stmr Ancliori 1, for
Glasgow: stmr Norge, tor Stettin: stmr Mobile, .
for London. •;■:
ROTTERDAM- A out Dec 23— Star
Maaidam. 26— Stmr Isl wort 1. ■
mailed Dee 24— si ur Obdam. for New Yoric.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived out Dec 24— Stmr
Schiedam. 26-stmr Edam.
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Dec 26-Str St Louis,
for New York. . ' ■
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 26— Stmr Sonthwark,
for N-w York. .. / .
FAIR ISLE— Passed Dec 26-Stmr Thingvalla,
from New York for -teltin. •'.■; •
AlvriiA«it-. UCii^3_3. ,
i '; The following marriage licenses have been
Usned by the Count y Cler-'s office:
H. H. Meyer and Maud In man, 39—34.
William Donovan and Nellie Attridge. 35—22.
George McDJnald and Rachel Dole, 40—35.
A. Lilienfeld andKose Fechieimer. 35— 2t5.
John A. Miller and Kate Barrett, — 28.
E. D. Forrest and Alice B. Kavner. 38—35.
E. R. Ayres and Gertrude L. Braay, 24—20.
P. Buono and Ros 1 Cereghlno. —20.
John Cornell and Nora Wright, 23—20.
H. Rosenbolin and Delia Morrlssey, 37—25.
C. H. F.-arnberu and Natalie Horstinann.3o— 2B.
W. B. Mamflold and Lulu B. Whltlier. 36— 25.
Lili'mb— MAKKiAtit^ — iftiiAi
[Birth, marriage and death -notices sent by mall
will not b' Inserted. They must be handed In at
1 either of the publication offices and ba Indorsed
with the name an 1 residence of persons authorized
to have the tame published.]
BOBS.
ANDERSON- In thlscltv, December !il. 1895, to
the wife of Maicus Anderson, a daughter.
Di TTNER— In this city, December 17, 1896, to
the wife of Ernest 11. Dettner, a son.
HART.IE-In this city, Decemoer 15, ■ 1893, to
I the wife of Henry .H art je, a daughter.
McCARTY — In this city, December 6, 1896. to
. the wife of John H. McCarty. a son. :
MaPOPHEACE— In this cltv. December 24,1896,
to he ; wile of Henry Mapopheace, ason.
THOMPSON— In this cltv, December 22, 1893,
' to the wife of Andrew Thompson, a son. •
. MAKKIEB: -
HOID— HAN SEN— In this city. December 23.
1H93. by the Rev. C. Hoel Johan Hold and
Karen Hansen, both of San t'rHfieiicu. ■
i)iEi>.;
Averlll. Mi« Etta Levy, Jacob
Barstow. Gars " Lo-.vr.v, Annie E.
I Burton. Arthur J. Moreal de Brevans, K.
Ba-itoa, Abner F. Pajunen, Frauz
Hianchinl. Silvio ' Reuss, Kddy
I BandholUt. HeinrlchF.-. Rosner. Irras
Burrows, Frank D. ■ San born. Hannah
Collins. Irving J. Saus->et, Mrs. Rose
Ed warns, Charles Simruu, Slmo S.
Edwards, Alice Stevens, Susan
Faber, Anna M. Swasey.. William F.
Gibson. Gforse L. ' Trau.ing, John -
Hart, Edward. •■:-•*.;■'; Tub is. Alfred L.
Harper, Samuel W.} Tardif. ireaerick.
AVKRILL— In this city, December 25,1398, Miss
Etta verlll. : ■
£3~Funer_l services will be held THIS DAY
(Sunday), .at ■> o'cloct p. it. at '< the par-
- lors of Halsied & Co., 946 Mission street. -
BARSTOW— In San Rafael. December , 26, 1896,
B Gars, eldest son of S. F. and Laura* J. Barstow,
aged 16 years and 5 months, r . '
Friends ; an acquaintance*- lire ~- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .THIS l> VV
■; (Sunday), :at 1 o'clock p. M., ■at : the family
. residence. Interment, private. ;..-. .
BURTON— In this city. December 26, 1896. at
* 335 Twelfth sireot; Arthur J., beloved husband ■'.".'
of Emma Burton (nee Hogan), a native of Can- .'
ada. A member of Aurora Lodge No. -02,
j Knights and Ladies of Honor.
: - JKs~Notlceof funeral hereafter. . :
BASTON— In Frultvale, December 23, l^g-j,
Abner Freeman, beloved husband ot Sarah K.
1112
r.sston. father of Josnph W. ami Alice P. Bas-
ton and Mr-- J. R. Swift, and brother ol the late
Jotepb U. Basiou, » native oi .Maaiuchuseiis,
a,- I 03 F«au 4 months and 3 days.
" atari- rleniH s;i i ftcqua:nta3c<?» are respect-
fnlly loviifi to attPitil :fi" ftmera Tills iv .l
(Sunday), at 1 :'iO o'clock p. M.. tionx his late
residence, Himond nvenue, Krultv.iiff. mioi-
niv.ii Mountain View Ueiaeterv, OiiKland. San
Fra»ci6co friends take 13 m boa% -
ANCHINI— In Mils city, December -5 "iB3<».
Si'v;o, beloved mb*nl ol Anna Blanchinl, and
luili.TOf Joseph lJianciiini. a native of i'oi ■• .:i
ha i Ple;ro, Italy, aged aayeiir.s 6 months aud .
days.
tia'Krtfn In an.l ncnua!ntanc»' *"> r»-p?cr-
fu;lv inviie.l to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at; 2 o'clock r. m.. from 11 Barman
place, Je-.wven Graea aud uioa. Stockton aw
i>ii])')n. s.reets.
BANDIIOLP I— In Ko!z»ohenbroda, Dear HrPs<JeD,
r-a.\ony. December 6, 18jt>. Heinrich FrUdrica.
beloved husband o Meta Baud hoidt and father
of Krieda aDd Ueinr.cn Band ho. and "Irs.
Annie Crow 61 Oakland, a Dative of Eckernforde,
Scneswlg, lioisicin, aged 63years,
BUKBUWS— in ibis citr. December 26. 1833.
frank I). Burrows, a native or Mala, *StfJ 41
ye*.-< 11 months « -1 23 tin* s.
6tr"">"tce of iuneral horeaJtor.
COLLINS— In this city, December 20, 1596. Irvine
J., beloved son of John 1., and .Mary A. 00l iris,
a native of s>an iVauciscu, aged 1 year anJ 4
months. '•
/la*Krienil< nn<l ncanalntanc^t *r» resnec:-
fully invited to atten : the funeral T«)-MOKltOW
(Monday), a: 11 o'clock a. m., from the residence ;
cl ihs parents, .-ii ilarriett »t.eet. Iniermeat
Holy Cross v emeiery.
KDWaUDS— In this city, December 23, 1896,
Coarlej Kdwnrds. beloved brother of Amelia
. Mayntzer and Fred wards, a native of Aus-
tralia .i; ■ I -48 ye»«.
Us"Friends hi. 1 acquaintances are respaot-
iolly Invited to a:tenJ tno funeral TUI3 U\V
(Sunday), at '2 o'cioett P. «.. from the par-
lors Of J. L Qodean, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment X. O. O. t\ Cu.ue.er/.
EDWARDS— In Berkeley, December 25, 1891$,
.» lice,' wife Of Geor.c- Kdwanla, a. :ia:ivj ot •>..
I/jul*. Mo., aged 39 years.
Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
TO-M.Oif.KOW (.Monday), at 'i o'clock P. ii.,
from the resldeoce of Inr . us ia id. 2630 Dwigui
way, Berkeley. Interment private.
PAUKi: — In Col ma, ban Macao > ounty. Decem-
ber -'.">. l^ ' J, Anna M., beloved daughter of I'eter
and Christine i'alv.v, a:vl lister o Mm. Char;cs
¥. Fics and Andrew. Pet -r. Emma, Uuar.ej.
i.ou a- and the lal • Nioolaus Faber. a native ot
Chicago, ill., asa l -6 years 2 months anJ 22
days. fChicagj paper* .'.ease COpjr.J
a5-lrlend§ tut acqoalntancei are r<>sDB;t,-
tolly invit&i to :ent ie fun :-.\ THIS iur
(Sonday), at 1 :30' o'clock p. m.. from the rest
deuce u( her parents, Co.ma. luteriaent Il.oly
Cross e;n -.fi ..
GIBSON— In tbi3 c!tv. December 25, 1^33 Georse
1... beloved bmbandof Mr». M K. (iibson, and
lai.ir of Lorena M. and Lizz a C. '.iibsou, a na-
live oi Mains, a^ed 61 yean 4 nioaths anl 17
da -.-i.
Ss"F"rl°nds arc re-ipectfullr InvltM to attitil
the funeral Tins DAY (Sunday), at 1 j
o'clock P. m.. from ht» late residence. 135 I'as •
street. Interuient private at Cypress Laivu
Cemetery.
BART— the City ani County Hospital, De-
cember 26. 1898. Kdivuri Hart, aeeJ ii years.
HAI.rKK— this . cily, December 26, 1896,
t-amueMV. Harper, beloved husband of Modesta
Harper (nee Bobsieu), a native of California,
aged 35 years.
Kj?~i''ri"!!li anl ncqiialntaiCM <»r» r?sn»s";-
fully invi'.ed to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at l o'clock p. m.. from 1. O. O. v.
Hall, corner seve in and Market streets, where
services *il] be held under the auspices of :
Abju B"n Adhem Lodge No. 112, 1. c). O. F. ;
Remains at the parlors of Oautner f.u.t-/.. 8
. and 10 City liall square. Interment at Cypress
Lawn.
KLUETSCH— In this city, Dccembcsr 25, 1593,
Jacob K. Klaetsch beloved son or >. J. ani
Sop ne it. Kluetsch, aid b.o'Ji>r oi Mrs. H. I.
Hock, Mrs. L Miclielson, and Mr?. C I*
Kluetscb, and the late Kraaic .i. u.-t<ch, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 26 years aui 6 monttu.
JSSJ~Noticoof funeral nerej';>r.
LEVY— this citr. December 24, 1896, Jacob
lfivy. beloved ancle of Mrs J. Wolf. Mrs. I.
Kraimjr. Mrs. E. Keinhart. Mrs. Clans<e Blum
; and A. .Ne-.v burner or Chicago and Herman,
Kossuth and Louis K. levy, a native oi Uer-
many, acred 77 years ana 1 month
fts"lrlendj »n . ni-quai:ir:jnr>M si» resveetr
■ fully invited to attend the funeral THIS day
(Sunday), at 9:4j o'clock a. m.. Irom b'nal B'ritli
Hal . ill Edd/ Mrc-et. uuler tne auspices of
Pacific io!-'e No. 13d. X and A. M. latermenc
Horn-- o* Peace Cemetery by 11:3U o'clock a. m.
train from Third aaJ Tuivnsenl streets.
LOWRY— In this cry. December 24, 1833, Annie
K." beloved wiie of the lac William R. Lowry,
and mother of William U. and Alired S. Lowry.
a native of A .'-e:i, Scotland, a^- J 54 years a
months and 23 days.
Friends aro respectfully invited to attend
the funeral Tills DAY (Sunday), at 1 o'clock
p. it., from an' pariu:s of H. C. I'o er & Co.. 122
Ed ly street. Interment private, Masonic Ceme-
tery.'
.UOIIEAI, DE BBEVAXS— In this -It-.-. December
21. 1536. r;m;iie Mortal de Brevans, beloved
mother of H. I". Moreal de iSravani, a native of
I'ruiic. a,---i 79 rear).
Friend j nnl »catjaJatiu»c»i jir^ resrjpct-
fnlly invited to attend the fniier.il THIS DAT
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. M.. from the residence
oi ii. I. Moreal <!e Urevaus, 15S0 I'acltic ave-
nue (Grar.d-s'.reei station). Alumela. tlienne
to st. JosephN Churcn, where servicei will be
held at 2 o'clock v. ii. Interment private at. St.
Mary's Ceaietery.
PaJL'NEN— In this cit.v. December 23, 1595,
i-'ranz I'ajuaen, a native vi i-'iuland, a^fi •_"_'
ye; re.
C*~Fricnl» and acqnalntancM fir» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the par-
lors or H. C. l'or;er A: Co.. 11l r.d 1/ street.
Officers and mernba:s of the United California
Finn Brotheraood are requested to attend the
ab>ve funeral. Iniermeut i. o. O. i.i '. Cemetery.
JIKUSS— In Oakland. December 24. 1-9 j, Eddy,
youngest sou of Nells P. and Anna Keuss, a na-
tive ... d.i^i k nd, a;el 5 years aad ltjl.i,-j.
fiM't'r.t-r, and arquaint-auc-M ore resneo
foil vln tea to attend the funeral THIS DIV
(Sunday), a: 2 o'clock p. ii.. from tha resi-
uence of the parents. B lo Isabella strset.Uakland.
BOSXER— It this ely l>ecemb-r 26, 18!»6, irma,
beloved wife of (Jerz Kosuer, and siitar-ln-lan of
K. M. Kosaer, a native ot Buda-i*esth, Hungary,
agel 31 years.
■^•Krlendi ani acaua!ntanc?» ar» rpspect-
fnlly invited to attend ih-» funeral TO- MO it 'j V
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lurs uf ib >dor Dierics. 057 .ili-.>iOi street, ba-
pAt-en Fif.h anl Six.U. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemeter/.
BANKORX— In tbij city. December 25. 1-t>^
Hannah bantora, beloved mottturol Mrs. A.
Lun and Alice, i.- BSle and C.iarlei bauborn,
a n.»tivj of Sweden, aged 07 years.
Friend vi scouainUinoH «r» respect-
Jnlly invited to attend tiie funeral TO-MORROW
(Monaay), at 11 o'clock a. m., from :)i'4V 2
Ftori <i street. Interment c>i.i\;.;j u.i.v.i Cemt-
ler^ by carriages.
SAUS-KT- In this ■:-.-. December 2G. ISIS. Mrs.
Ruse bauaet, aged BU years b months and 22
days.
6IMRAK— this city, DecembJr 24,1831 Simo i
S., belovel son of tie late -.aiuo S. Simra-c,
husband of Joeepulne Si:nrak. fathrr Albert
Sm-.a-c, brother oi llUchell, Jotao and Stephen
fcimralc, and nncle of .'lark Tasovaz and
Achilles Doc!c>ticli, anativeof i as;e .nuovo,
Austria. a cc i 28 years 10 moo hs and 9 days.
JCaJ-rrlen '•! anl a aaato ir..i jr. resp*o
foily invited to attend the faneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at il o'clock a. m.. tram . the par-
lors' or' Va.. •■. .Marinl A Co., l.'ij-i Sio.-ktoa
arrirt-t. liitcrmen: Cvpresj Lawn Cemetery.
BTEVJEXB— la this city, December '-'6 H^s.
Mis&i Stevens, a iij.".iy.j ol Nova Sculia, j-ikX US
. ears.
A -KY- Inthiscltr. December -25, 1893. Wil-
liam V. Sw*sey, brother of iuJjre U. A. Swa^ey
of Alameda; a native oi Maine, a : • i 72 yearj.
• /i'S'i'cienii ana acquaintance* are respect-
Juily i:i vi -.i to .r »n i tti • :■! 'i-r i Tills ') \,' •
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from J'ioce»r Hall,
l'o.;r lM.,jt;.. near Mar. Jet. i.i.<-.mri. Masonic
. l'«met«rT Remains at the parlors of the Lail-
fornia Under ;;,i;i; Company, IJ3 S-.ockton
htre-t. corner oi <;ear.\
T!'. •> T"T ; N<; —In his city, D-cemb-r 26, 1893.
. John, beloved iin-.!i«nil •; l.mma f • iu.ih : and
laiaer ■> > .'. .. Lottie, MlibPU and Irma Ir.u-
ins aw iv jp i; i.avaria. \&<*tax*.Ui ii^ea .^7
years. A member of Herman Lojpa No. 224,
U. O. R. M., and Charter Oak LoJfe'e, K. Ol H.
&"v"Not.c«'of funeral lara ■'■>•:
TI'BBS- In city, December 26. 1833. Alfred
i.. t ..■■•: husu.u »u< Kilzabeth CUapiu
Tuni h«J tO .'eari.
fliT in -";■■ services aid Inrermen: private.
Pits ■ omit flowers.
TAKUIK — la Ala-ue.la, December 23. 1833
i ii- < • 1 1 c -- , beloved husband of Marie and father
of l'r'-ci, Olio rile. >\ Ulle a.nl Marie and brother
(.; William T.ird f, a la iv j or Gaernsey, tug-
land ..sttfa 43 years Bnd It} days.
(ST Friend < au-1 .. inn a;  m sn resneA.
ftillv invtted to atten 1 the rntietai fills ;>\v
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock i". sf . from Chr!st Chnr.-h.
corner of bauta Cl ra aveaue and Grand street,
A:arn.-iU. ! 1...-1- n-.i . Aloaota M Vie>v Cemetery,
i.ii,.:in.i. Jlemiejs <> Magnolia Lodge, A. <>.
U. w., of ■ .i . i • -.» .. a .», and Sprnce Camp No
132, W. ci. W., of /, l.'iiucd -. are Invi.cd toaitend.
iv-icAVOY & CAUaCKER,
FUNERAL RIB! CTO&S I BBBA.LKKB3,
ZO Flfrh St., Opp. l.ir.coiii School.
Telc-iibona SOSO.
as. Mi'.V?MiMKT. OUAS. ±lcM.KXOli~iii~.
ja.mi> •;.'M;;noi;i;y a SOX,
CWUiiKTAKIiItS AM* KMBAL.U jJUS. {
ll>i># Jii.-.i»iu<i street, Near buvviua.
>. ttmitttoaa !-oulti..'*6l. ; J
3 AS. ENGLISH. T. P."iCAKEvV
CAREW & ENGLISH,
L '.;■.'.!■ A X I'AX-i AND KMUALiIKit*
::SIAL UIKKOTOI4S.
jpVdfi Kesi avc. neax Ji*r*<u o_. c<u i"'ranoli3j
Tellpi:OUe ho. ljli.
F. 1.. r;i.NTZ. H. W. 'fiASTXEB.
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and \ limb .timers.
Sand 10 CITJ HALL. SQUARE.
Telephone h-outli 432. .
KOUKT OLIVET CESBETEBf,
SAN HATKO tbtJJBTY: -M. A X; i CKMi>
|3 teiy totbecity; .'ion-sectarian; i:» m>staM«tr
elusive; location uiieACclltvt oJi.:« i>V] jiax*o
ST. LEE OUTFOOTED
MT. McGREGOR II
The Bay Colt Captured the
Stake Event at
Oakland.
H. Martin on Little Cripp'e Out
rcde Si can on Major
Ccok.
Judge Denny Was First in the Mle
and a Hj!l Rue— Enthusiasts
Braved a Driving R.-in.
It was just a trifle damp and nasty |
i under foot at Oakland tracl: yesterday j
and only the more enthusiastic race-goers, I
snusrly enveloped in mackintoshes and !
carrying umbrellas, dared the elements
and ventured the trip across the bay. It
was shoe-string bank-roll day, and the one j
(Jay cut in saw twenty-three bookmakers'
stands on tne iice. Th-:- rain which lell in I
| torrents at stated intervals throughout |
i the afternoon kept ibe "innocent" coin at j
home and many of the.sa embryo pencil
ers experienced a chilly frost.
Tne track on the other side kept up its
record lor slaughtering favorites, Cola
I and Judge Denny and this pair of wortiiies j
not of ths pronounced order being j
I the only ones to splash in iirst. Tod S.oan •
i sported |siik again, but did nothing to en
| title him to any extended press notice*. '
j Of the riding talent Eddie Jones and 11. j
Martin carried off the honors, each riding '
two winners.
Handicapper Brooks wore a disgusted
look when the Baldwin Hotel ijandicap.
over a mile, was called, and had the |
I prophet who flew the wet weather signals ;
appeared on the scent- there would, in all
| probability, have been trouoie. Of the
; original entries to the $1500 stake, of I
i wh:ch amount the winner was entitled to
: $1100, hut five laced tne barter. Mount j
McGregor 11, with top weight— lls >
i rounds — up, was chalked up an even-
I money chotca at tl,e opening of the bet- ,
ting. L'c.ore tue starters wre called 11 j
to ."' was laid against him. Undoubtedly j
i tiie heaviest and steadiest play was on Sir J
j Kay, ridden by i^ain Dojreelt and carry
!mg iUS rounds. From fours Green Mor
j ns 1 hor?e was backed down to 2\i to 1,
and lie displayed about: as much speed as
a broken-down carhorse.
-Mount McGregor II showed in front to '[
the uead ol the stretch when St.. Lee, well
I backed by his stable at 4 and 5 to 1, gradu- j
i ally over auied him ar.d won handily by :
i a couple of lengths in 1:4.'5, a very clever j
! performance. The favorite finished sec- I
j ond. nearly ten lengths ahead of Kuinart, '
I ridden by Sloan. The latter horse had i
! been ailing, and was in no condition for a i
hard race. The winner was excellently ]
ridden by "Skeets" Martin.
J. Kaglee Burss' Coda, which opened a ■
7to 6 choice for the opening six-furlong'
I run, receded to 9 to 5, and then won easily I
from Blue Bell the last fifty yards. The i
latter mare was heavily backed to win at i
odds of sto 1. Don Gara, with Coady up, I
was a fair third. Cbaoy rides some very '
. peculiar races these days.
E-l Parser, who runs his horse 3 under J
! tiie name o: the Cambridge stable, books |
under the noru de plume of. Wallace it Co. I
; and has his raters trained t>y William !
| Murry, started Draught in the rive and a J
half furlong dash for two-year-olds. Open- i
: ing at 9 to. F> the youngster receded to tii rees,
; and he <ikin't show. In a drivo I). J. '
lobm, a 6 to 1 Chance, beat Sweet Wil;am !
i a Dead after the latter had struck the J
j stretch four lengths in the lead.
In the event following, a seven and a |
1 half furlong jaunt, T. Sloan had the Jeg !
ud on M'lj-jr Cook, the 7 to 5 choice, an.i
li. Martin nad the piea-ure of beating the
] celebrated pride of New York a nek with
Liiit!e Cripple, against whicu 5 to 1 was
laid.
The Major and Palmeraton raced their
heads off, and Martin, using rare good
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
r'AL'FORNIA JOCKEY CLL'B. Cckland Racetrack. Saturday, December 26, 1 896. Twenty-
seventh day of the winter meeting. Weather wet. Track sloppy.
r»o
:.'
—
*j
D.
Index. Hone, are. wPlKbt. i St. Vi 14, %■ str. Fin.
261 Coda, 3 101 2 1 -2 2 34 31/2 li
1$ lie lSell, 5 114 I I 13 13 13 2 2
22) L>on Gara .1......1i2 81. 4Vi 6V* 43 33
i.'^-' Isab-lle. 3 101 6 3 V 2& 22 4 2
283 Borea*,4 109 : 5 : 5 3 4Va 510 513
275 jack Kichelieu,a.lO9 13 13 12 lii 6
282 1-rnDCO. 3 109: li 6h 5 8 7
•2 d .Monte ey. 4 ..li;9 9 10 9 9 8
278 Iron Jacket, 5... .1141 7 84 10 11 9
128 >oularlin.4 114 8 ! 7 2 8 2 7 10
•.'O; hxamlner.4. 106 4,1 12 714 6H
255 Sir Ke.irald, a.V.106 12 1 11 11 I 13 12
160 Captain Cotter, 4.117 II 9 13 112 |13 "
(ii o.! start. Won driving. Winner, Pueblo stable's b. f.. b.- Imp. Cyrus
Bl»ttlt)R.
Joclcpy. Op. Cl.
Jones... 7-8 .'9-5
H. Martin 6 5
Uoady 4 Id
rrawley I 6 10
Mltch-1] i 10 15
Spencer.. I 4 6
McDonald ! 60 10
Golden 30 15
<?. Wilsra '20 •: 3d
Cla-A-uon 3') 300
OO.RHt ...... MO 10
Hiz,'ir.i d I BU 100
He tin "My i 10 VO
i-Roiet:e.
Time, 1:1b.
"•)() 1 ti' tONL» KACK— Eleveu-uxteenths of a mile; seiling; purse «35
0.
■'•■'" :■■:':.■ IJeuin -.
ndPX. llors», nc;e,r weight. St. VI Vi % 1 str. I Fin. Jockey. Op. li.
177 D. .1. Tohin. 2....10J .... | ........ 2u 21 21 IV2 Jones 5 "~ft
Hwee: WiUiMa,2.loS{... 11 13 14 21 ! it. Martin 4 ' 7.3
(25 liSonJro, 2 ....10 .... :... 6 7 5 3: y2y 2 Sinuiht.-r. ... 4 5
'..'Til !.osi Girl, 2..... .100 ....1 34 3 6 4V 2 j 48 iKejdy. 8 ]'>
.7 TorpeJo 2... 103 411 5 2 Vi •'' y 2 Thomson 8 la
2 2 Tryst,2 91 5 y ," % 6 6 H. 8r0wn....... 20 10
'270 ■ Viking. 2 100... 8-8 7 7 Mitchell ....... 20 40
. 'JK^ Urauciit. 2 ...... 1081 8 • 9 * 8 T. 510 an...;.... 9-5 . 6-2
277 KroeliaS.2 M 0.... 72 6Va ■ 9 9 R. Isoni „. 0 "5
27U |Ui:Uf!idale. 2. 93.... ......:. |10 10 10 10 . Weber. 25 40
Good st;Tt Won driving. \VI ner. D. J. lobln's b. g., tn- imp. C/rui-iinp. Ootaway. Time, 1 :liy 2 .
,- Tli;iil> KACJ — Filteen-slxtecuths of a mile; stlling; puiae .iIOO.
Jrr.f-x. I!<!rs". ace w*.|;ht. i St. 1/1 l/ 9 "4, | fir. Fin. . Jocker- Op? L. "a
234 ILlttle Cripple. 6.. 99 4 43 44 3 1/2 33 1n~" Ih7 Martin . ;: 4 ~"b
276 1 «r.jor Cook, 4.... !<t 3 1(1 lh 25 1 1/3 '2 h iT.Sloan ........ 6-5 7-5
'2-6 Palmerson, 3 97 .5 21 '2 6 lh 2h 32 Thompson... I 0 7
Vti KnrjrMoa'cb,«.3OS 2 3 2 3U, '46 44 4U Doeg-tt.:..V..; , 4 --i
CVSB) '-• i>. 4 9°; 6 6 a" ;6 2 54 5 'UlaaKhter:: 6 V
283 i'.e.Kan, 4 ...99 1 5y 2 5 2 G 6 6 |.Mclo:iaUi ...... 1 100 200
Good start. Won driving,
'tanhop.*. Time, 1 :3.5.
\v .hum, J. c. Humpurey's br. g., by Imp. Pirate of PeNzancs-Lady
i^QC POUKTH KaCK— One mile; Baldwin llot»l handicap; pur&e SISOO.
i 111 I I
lnc'ex.| IIor«p, ace, rvcinlit | St. | 14 \fa 84 f-tr. I Pin.
(2*9) - 1 I.f-< , 3.. "....... 100 •_' ! 2 2 21 '2 3 24: I 12
(V63)pit.Meare«orlL3.ll'3 3 i 1 2 12 '] •£■ 1 iy 3 ! 10
263 Rulnurt. 8 '.'..US 515 6 5 & - 34
(248) Sir Play, 3........ J0S l! 42 31 3 2 S3 4h
_i 3 jlnuallator, 4 106; 4j 3 h : 43 |.-. 2 . 4 | 5
H. Martirj....... 4
K. J ( .nfS 1
IV bloan.. ■...-...". !6! 6
Domett...-. [4
SJau^litcr.". ..... 8
.Tork-pv.
i liettiui;.
I Op. Ci.
4
11-5
7
6-2
7
Good 8 art.
:4i. ; : ' ■ : "
Won handily. Winner, Pltikerton stable's b. c, by Imp. St. George-Levee. Time
')( \~i Fi*"i H. UAih-One aud a half miles: sel lug; purse $400.
■ ■'':: :•■'-'■■■-. ■■■• .■• - - ■ ' ■ Bett
lad. Jiorse, ape, weight. ! St. I fctcl Vi Va % I Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.
(278) Jud-'e Denny, 3.." 9J 1 3h s h svav a I] 1/, li, 11 ■ Hauehter. ......... 8-5
274 \rii.-.n. ...... -04 5 1 i/ 2 .12 IV 2 1 2iA .'4 Claw-inn. .......... 12
(v!~4) '\v (11 HandU>s.3.ll>2 4 5% 5 - th 3 2 .< 6 34 T. 510 an........ " 8-5
.>; Fred Gardner, 6.. 041 * 7 * -.-' 7 710 7 6 i 1/2 --pe.iciu- '-"• 12
278 DocorU, 3 7m| 212 2 2 |(S 2 5Va 4 51 Hav.len ;..'." 5
(2AS> seaside, 6 10 •) 661 th 2h 41 5 «5 is.."™ t.'J.;.. .'.".'" 15
258 ; Tuxedo, -6.. 91 . 2 h 16 !3a t> 2 7 7 .1. Woods ...'...;.. 100
274 ill McUosfc.\v, 3. 96 3 8 ! 8 : 8 8 8 8' i Friwley..-. ..,.;... 60
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. . 1.
t:ng. ■
1.
7-5
:.v 12
6-2
10
b
3j
200
HO
uci ft start. Wo:i liatitlilv.
Tim-. '2:i:'U
Wiuzier, ;ic>"aughton «t iluir'.blk. c, by Foaso- Belle or Naotura
298.
MX I J^ KAUli— Thrco qoartcT] of a mile: purse fiOU.
Itldra llorfp. ii 3», wclsht. St. 1,4 1$
2*l Peixeus. 3. .109 2 3h
275 ' Kowalikv. 3......; 04! 1 ........ 11
25/ ivtrarth. a....... 1"4 8 5
245' (hirles A, 5....V.H>t> 'I 1 4
261 Join. 3.... ....... 1C1 5 i :....... 2 2
(V66)| :•; a -i .--■.•.■. 5 nil « .:....:. -o*, ■'.
1
8 /i Str. I Fin. : Jocic»y.
42 I 42 -. 111 ; ( oftfiy '...■.'......
lh i •_' 4 ; 2 1 . -Uuthter. "..;..■.
610 ! 510 3h f:aidn«r ........
•2 3: 11 I 415 H. Martin
a 2 3 1 , I ft lo imm). ...........
-6. ;. '|6 '6 -V\ Mr.Diuiiild.....;:
•Belting. ..
Op. Cl.
a .:■ ~^3
■ 2 ••-, 5-2
13 2'2 '
4 8
4 3
1* r'ect start. ".Won. driving.' Winner, Cambridge stnbk'a b. g.j by imp. King Ualop-Xauita. Time,
l::7-; 4 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
judgment, came on in the stretch, and took
the parse.
McNaughton & Muir gathered in the
mile and a naif him, decided under selling
conuitions, with Judge' Denny. The Judge
was a 7 to 5 favorite around post time, and
beading Ariicus the last quarter won clev
erly by three parts of a iengtii in 2:43^.
Key del Bandidos, riddeu ' by Sloan, open
ing equal favorite with the winner, was
third. ;.;•. ':" . "' •..'■■ -*. '
The closing raco of the day was a six
furlong sprint, with a fielC ot six going 1 to
the post. At the close of the betting Ko
\val>kv, at 2Jjio 1, was a' flight favorite
over Perseus. Tlie first choice, looked a
winner to the paddock, when Perseus camo
fast and in a drive snatched the purse by
a head. Petrarch was a close third.
CHANGED RECEIVERS ON HIM.
Montana Farmer lie Up a . Train and
Gave Vent to His 1 eelings.
N't long a ;^o, according to .. Boston
papers, a man from that city who wc,s rid
inc on an express train in Montana, was,
with tlie otlier j assenger.o, almost thrown
out of his seat by the sudden stoppi'iK of
the train at the application of the air
braice. Ttiere was a great rattling of
Lamps and other noi3y material in and
about the car, and then silence, and
finally the sound of voices raised in. angry
altercation.
The Boston man rushed to tho door to
see what mi^ht be the matter. The noise
came from the front of the train. He
went out ther ■ and saw, standing in the
middle of the track, a farmer witu a spside
on his shoulder who was shaking his li-.t
at the conductor and engineer and calling
the railroad company many hard names.
"Get off the track," the conductor was
saying, "or we'll run over you!"'
"No, you won't run over me, and you
know it," answered the farmer. "You
railroad folks are pretty mean, but you
know better than io deliberately run over
and kill a man."
"What do you get on the track for?"
"Because I want this railroad to know
that I've got a grievance against i;. 1 teil
you, this receiver iusiness is all a scheme
to beat the people. First they have one
set of Vm, and thon wnen a man sue^ the
road tor what he is entitled to he finds
there's been a change. Then h« triet>
again to get justice, and you switch re
ceivers again; but I tell you, you can't
foul me any more !''
By tnis time the man had a crowd
around him and was haranguing it and
gesticulating wildly.
The engineer said that he had seen, as
he bore down on a long, straight stretch
of track, a man between the rails brand
ishing a spade, and as the track Was evi
dently ail right he whistled for the man
to get off supposing that he would do so
belore the tram came near him. But he
did not do so, anil in order to save the
man's life lie bad to j>ut on the airbrake
with all pos ibic force.
The train stopped just in time. After
the man had finished the speech just
given, the conductur called out:
"Now that you've hau ycur say I sup
pose you'll let the tram go on?"
'•I don't know whether I will or not!"
"Oh, yes. you will ! All aboard !' called
tho conductor.
Tiie passengers scrambled aboard tbe
train. The engineer rang the bell and
pul.ed the throttle. The engine moved
s.otfly — so flowly that no doubt it could
have been st'vpe 1 in time if tiie man witu
tiie grievance bad not budged.
But ne did bud .c. He left the track,
still waving hi 3 si<iide, aud the train went
on its way.
A NovcUsi'd Error.
Robert Barr, the novelist, has had a
tussle with Continental jurisprudence and
suffered a brief period of incarceration la
a Swiss jail on a charge of stealing a bicy
cle. Barr thought he wes bargaining in
excellent French for tlie hire of the wheel
for the afternoon, ana he understood ihe
price to be five fruncs. The native thought
Ban was expressing his adm ration of the
bicycle iv very bad Frencn, and 1-ad re
sponded politely that it had cost him 500
francs. Hu was so dumfotinded when
Barr suddenly mounted and spun off that
he iiad hot even bieath enough to call him
to s-top. Two or three hours later, while
the country was bein^ scoured by me po
lice, .^arr calmly rode up, handed the
owner of the wheel a live-iianc piece, re
inarfceu ihat it wa-i a good machine and
walked away. Barr. however, was ar
rtftted, and it required a pood deal of ar
gument and corroborative evidence to con
vince the ma 'tstraif of the innocence of
his mistake. — Baltimore News.
The only cliea.. thiax in Liberia is a low
grade of whisky, which soils for 8 cents a
pint. Half a pint will convert a peaceful
clergyman into a bullying pugilist.
SUTRO SAID TO
BE INCONSISTENT
John C. Bateman Speaks of
the Hall of Justice
Contract.
Believes That the M^yor or the
City Is Liable ;or
Damages.
Contends. That There Is N) Serious
Drf ct in the Instrument Under
Controversy.
In his refusal to sign the contract for
the construction of the new Hall of Justice
Mayor Sutro has placed himself and pos
sibly the City in an embarrassing position.
The contractors^ Bateman Bro=., have
deposited a check for $27,5G0as a guarantee
of good faith on their part with the Board
of Supervisors, and it is also claimed , by
them that the prices of building material
have advanced and are still : ad
vancing. It ~. is the opinion of their
attorneys, Sullivan & Sullivan, that an
action for damages . based on these
two facts will lie either against the
Mayor personally, for failure to perform a
purely ministerial function, such as they
claim the signing of the contract would
be, or against : the City. The amount of
damages, it is bald, will be made up of in
terest claimed on the tie'd-up check and
the difference in the prices of materials at
the dale when the contract should have
been signed and prices when the- contract
is ultimately signed.
John C. Bateman, one of the members
of the contracting firm, in speaking of
the entanglement yesterday, did not ap
pear to bo at all disturbed over the atti
tude of the Mayor, but seemed confident
that the objections of his Honor to the
legality of the contract would all be swept
away when it came to a full and impar
tial investigation of the subject.
' The Mayor 'lues not seem to be con
sistent," said Mr. Bateman. "It you will
read resolution No. 15,353, awarding the
contract, and passed d.v the Bjarcl of Sup
ervisors, and approved by the Mayor, De
cember 3, 18!*), you will see that that pro
vides that the City and County Attorney
is authorized as the proper person to draw
!up this contract. The instrument in
question was drawn up by him, still the
Mayor sees nt to review it. And this,
too, in the fa«-e of the fact that on De- ]
cembor 8, 1893, the Mayor approved and j
signed authorization No. 5292, which; pro- i
vides for the payment of $7638 to the j
architects, this being 3 per cent of the j
! contract price. Now if there is no con
tract, it is singular how the Mayor could I
have approved that authorization. I sim
ply mention these two matters to show I
[ that :ie Is not consistent.
"I would also mention that the strong
est objection by the Mayor and Mr.
Rogers, who seems to be acting as his
attorney, is that no resolution in their
judgment was pas.-cd declaring that the
public ;.'Ood required the construction of a
suitable building such as that described in
the contract. In point of fact such a reso
lution was adopted July li 2, 1895. It reads
as foliows:
Jicsnlvcd, That this board deems it expedient
anrt liurcby declares that in its judgment the
public good requires the coiicttuciion of a
suitable building on the old City Hall lot for
the acrommolation of criminal departments
ot the Superior Courts, police courts, stations,
prison, .Nforsue, Coroner's office and other
municipal uses.
"When this was drawn to the Mayor's
attention last Friday he said that this
resolution had certainly done away with
the main objection to the matter, ami
that th»! other points were only technical.
Yet at our last meeting ha said he would
not sign the contract, as his lawyer said it
was illegal. .
"By making his objections at this late
day, alter signing the two resolutions re
ferred to, he nas placed the City in some
what of a peculiar situation.
"We drive h'.tormeii him that under the
circumstances we feel we- are entitled to
damages, either from himself or the City,
owing to the delay in the matter. We
have r. rtcht to claim interest on the
checK for $27,500 which has been deposited
with the Board of Supervisors, and tho
prices of material have advanced, and are
yet advancing. ">. i■£' . .
"If we thought there was anything radi
cally wrong with the contract we would
not enter into it, nnd would be gruteful to
the Mayor for pointing out any defect.
."It,. is now a question of expediency
whether we shall apply to the courts in
protection of our rights or await further
action until the incoming administration
is in power."
SHE WAS MISREPRESENTED
The Reporter Meant Well, Bat lie
Failed to Please.
Even when her speech was obscured by
sobs there was something about her voice
that showed she could sins high C and
assert her right to the center of the stace.
It was pathetic to see a sironj: woman so
utterly dejected, says the Washington
Star.
"1 want to see the horrid reporter who
wrote the contemptible piece about my
miserable divorce," she said, alter her
paroxysm of weet'inu had abated.
"He's our," was the prompt and positive
answer of the editor, who is a humane
man.
"Cunt I see him later?"
"No. He took ■■: week's salary and went
on a vacation. He said he wasn't cominjr
back till his money was all spent, and we
don't look for him in any time, less than
( ix months."
"Perhaps somebody else could atten I to
what I want, although I don't suppose
then? is any use in my asking for justice.
It must have been pure malice.''
'You refer to that item about your di
vorrf?"
"Yes." . / ■■:":', : .'^V
"Well, it seems, to me that you are ex
ceedingly unfair to the reporter. Wiu r ,
he did his bc*t to be complimentary.' No
less than thra 'K times he alluded to you as
the 'fair plaintiff.' " .
"i'fs; that was very nice of him. But
rea.i on."
"I don't find anything that is not in the
same : vein. He s.ivs: 'Tlie: lady's toilet
had evidently, been an obj?ot ot much
care. It was a triumph of the milliner's
art and a monument of her elegant taste
in such matters.' ".
■ "That's the = sentence!" she exclaimed,
rising to her feet. -Her indignation dried
her tear*, and shakinc her clenched iinirers
at the newspaper she said: "What did he
mean: by trying ■to humiliate i me in the
eyes of all tnose spectators?^ How dared
he insinuate that 'the common old things
I wore to that courtroom: are the: best
clothes I have." v/ ; . :.
Ylhere Hotel Men Drnn- a Line.
Among annoyances to which hotels are
subjected is one which means material
10.-s at buiy times. Tim is wnen a person
telegraph* or writes for rooms to be re
served, and upon arriving in town dec dcs
tf) »o to another hotel. Wry ircquentiy
rooms which couid have been given to
quests are vacant on account of this, and
the eareiesis lioiel p-.itions appear to be
unaware that they have inflicted an injury
i>n thf! iiouse. Bometirae*, however, wi.en
a clerk caiis upon them with a bill lor the
rooms that they didu't occupy they are
open to conviction of wrongdoing and
settle the Dill. TUe matter has rarely been
one of litigation, but the hotel man has
the best end of it, and the Proprietors'
National Association intends to make it
so understood whenever it is necessary. —
Hotel Gazette.
TWO KEEN-WITTED COONS.
One Lent to tin- Hunt its in a Ledge and
the Other in a Mill.
The Bucks; ort Coon Club held its last
hunt for the season in the woods back of
Blocks Mountain, and while the two coons
which the dogs started escaped from the
hunters, and all the sportsmen got wet
and stayed wet for hours, the members
learned several interesting facts about
natural history, and are better informed
about the ways of coons than they were
before they took their long tramp. The
hunt tooK place on Frnlay night, having
been postponed from Thanksgiving on ac
count of the rain. Tne first coon was treed
in a hollow hemlock stub after a half
hour's brisk chase by the dogs. As the
man who ascended the tree with climbers
found the coon was lodged in a hollow
near the top, the services of an axman
were needed. No sooner had the tree
fallen than the coon shot out of the top
like a cannon ball, and went off to hide
himself in the crevices of a ledge, where a
ton of powder couM not dislodge" him.
In tramping home three members of the
clubpassed through the orchard of "Shab"
Hawimson and found a big coon up in a
tree making his supper on frozen apples.
.Before a nuin could think of shooting the
coon had leaped from the tree to tho
ground and was off across lots with six of
the best dogs in lluncock County in close
pursuit. The hunters were highly e;ated,
knowing that an old coon would not take
to a tree, but will figh' tne doss upon terra
lirrua until lie or t.-edops or bjth contend
ing parties are dead or di-abied. It was a
siow, hard hunt from the start. The coon,
fully conscious of his own powers, struck
out . throu.'h a wide swamp at the head of
Long Pond, leaping Irom logs to tree roots
when he could, and swimming cheerfully
whenever he could tind nothing to stand
upon. At the end of an hour, when the
coon emerged from the lowlands and
struck out for a warming-up run ccrosi
the hills of Strumblow, oil but the be t
dogs h«d io?t the trail and given up the
chese in disgust, so that out of twenty
two dogs that had started only nine had
threaded their way across the bogs. These
came trailing alone throu.h the under
brush, led by Carlo, a briiiille hound,
owned by an Orland man, who was highly
elated to know that his dog led the pack.
Instead of quickening his pace on gain
ing hard ground, the coon continued at a
jog trot, so that Carlo soon overtook him.
Tne hunters coming up the gtiily heard
Carlo give a sharp, ugly bark, followed by
a wild, prolon^cu "ti yi." which told of
Oar.o's defeat. While Carlo was scooting
through the brush and telling his woes so
two counties, and Carlo's owner was fran
tic with chasrin and grief because of his
dog's deieat^ another hound tackled the
coon and confessed he was sorry for it in
agonizing yells. The other dogs coming
up soon after this, the coon broke into a
run, and, doubling on his tracks, went
down to Long Pond stream and swam
down toward the milldaro. The keen
scented dogs, skirting the shore, had no
trouble in following the coon until it
reached the sawmill.
The water having been drained off for
winter enabled the do^s to go down on
the bank to the entrance to the liume,
where they st >od yelling until the men
arrived. The dogs saw the ccon had gone
into tLe upper end of the Hume. As the
box was too tmall to allow a dog to go in
a pole was cut and pushed through the
Hume several times. Finding the flume
empty of coons the men led the dogs
about the dam and mil for an hour or
more, hoping to pick up the lost track.
The do^s worked faitluutly, but gave no
sign of having a suspicion about the coon,
so the hunters were compelled to give up
the chase, harnessing up and starting for
home about 3 o'cioct Friday morning.
Four hours after all the hunters had
left Fred Smith, who saws shingles in the
mill, ran down to the store for a gun, say
ing there was a loup cervier hiding on the
top of the frame of tne inn ley saw. When
the animal had been Bbot and brought
down n proved to be a fat oid coon that
weighed forty-eight | omuls on the store
"■•ales. It had passed clear through the
flume and climbed the dripping shaftof the
v.aterwiieel until it reached the roo; ol the
mill. There were scratches and hairs a.l
along the shaft to show how the coon
went up. From here it had leaped to the
wide upper frame of the saw and settled
down for a nap. As the shaft was boxed
in for ten feet above the mill Hume and as
the coon i.ad gone up inside, the dogs
were unable to follow the scent beyond
the entrance to the flume. — New York
Ban.
WAKED BY TELEPHONE.
Substitute fur Alarm Clocks Introduced
at .1 ohiiHto wii.
The Johnstown Telephone Company has
all-night service at its central ollice, and,
according to the Johnstowu Tribune, has
ettabl'.shed in connection therewith a
unique method of helping out those of its
subscribers who do not care to trust
themcelves to get up at a certain desired
hot.r without some outside assistance. It
is a call system, i-omethinjj on the style of
that in vogue at the hotsis.
The subscriber who wishes to wake at a
certain hour calls up central and tells the
operator, who "makes a note of it."
When the set hour arrivea tho operator
rings up th? subscriber who made the re
quest. It he turns over ami fondly im
agines it's only an alarm clock he's loudly
fooled, as the telephone bell will keep
j.nuling until an answer is turned in to
central, giving assurance that the sleeper
is awake.
In the same manner if a physician is
called lor and cannot be reached, if re
quested he will be notified of the call as
soon as he can be reached and told whence
it came.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL.
a D Ballou. Cal ; • W ii Se.imans A "w, Cal
Q\V <iarre:t. Stanford J 3 Aver/, (.'at '
V H Wi»nior,', Cal ' JJI 'Jaylor, Xavarro ::
VV II llubtiara, Vallejo J Arthur. Cal
A (i Scholl, KVere.t it U Ur.iadbeut. Douglas
J T Coiveil. Doi:g ai I! V Hartey. Aob iru :'
T Tako<i, Philsueijiata U A Wick shouse,Buston
I" i: .1 iin'-. l'ln:»(le.p!ita Mrs Games, La. , -' '
M A Hooksoa, N 1' T JT. tin Jr&w, San Juan
>ana Boswell, Los Ang X A Kay, Chicago . •"-
Dr J s.lao*son. col «j 11 Simons. Bedding :
L Stilson, Chtco W L BurKett, .-cattle
R k' Penuell & \v, Chlco : N \\ ines & w, Cal
li I He. my it «r, Helena F Hayes, aacto
H C lulcling, .Stock on 11 j.look, Los Angelas
Mrs C 0 Jan. son. cal X X Holbrook, Hoiliater
I' B Jones, Oakland ; CTu loch, Knights ': ■*-■-•;:'
C ¥ J-.ar.e, Sonoma .'-.'. Jl' Ducire.t, .s V
T Itlckani, Berkeley C A Oeerln*. El Faso
(i *' Drake,. Ui.k and , Mrs M A Arnold, Cat ■ .
K\V Arnold, Oakland J W Oatniiin, Keno ■r' -
U \V Pleroe, Cal Its Haw. I'lace rvi.le .:
B M Lt-.o.ig, sneto O \V Wright, \VH oivs
*'.is> Carlisle, \Wodland Miss Howaid, Woodland
P .7 Sullivan, Boston W It RadcliftV, Cal
W T -Mead. (. al W D Armies. Oakland ■
i» \V Eberts, cal . \V A sUcuell, Berkeley
W JVOsle. bout, Cal
XhW WESTERS t HOTEL.
H L Lunt, Chicago M A Cook it w, Portland
J Kaufu.an & w. Cal . ,; H Cai pier, CJr.diey
J Snyoer, -heridau :. '•- J V Rouiuso:i, i-o som ■-""
¥ M Heuid iw, io som M Soiiiue st, Alcairaz >
t. It W 'M, Portland ■:;. I Jacobs, Augos -:• -
X L smith, An*o» J W'aUde, Angel Island ■
I) Ha. pin. Angel Island X Btuea, L< a Angeles
O H \>oodruif, rtanfura \V C Moore, Vullrjo
T Scott, Vallf jo . > --. : : J Brown, Los Angles ■
J li Williams, Los A rig s A dans, Chicago
E Bulkier & f, Victoria- F F Ames At, ... Andreas
Cli I'.oshbide, Cal a S Shea, Cincinnati - j ■:
\v c Jauc.i, cal . , D Morrison. Sacramento
J \V huswur.u, Oil' Him ..iOgau, l'uialuma
PALACE HOTEL.
G Carr & ti f, Sacramento W H Carpenter, Chicago
HC Holmes. Boston 'J b Grab et>
cB H .rris. Dead wood v L I) R> ait bash, Denver
J H llHzeltlne. nenver W C Peyton, hanta Cruz
w'fi'ier Mrimo.sk. Cal H C Ne son, England
F E Vonnet, (.iiicago •. /fJ'K Johnson, Chicago ,
OK M ira .1, Chicago ; .T V BurgUoiff, V b Aavy
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O Williams, San Jose i - J Miller <5t w. X V
P J Connelly, SPUR A Rutner. Fresno -; v
<i C Fremana Fresno :• W J jr'ull»nd >& w. Or > '■'■'>"■'■
;.; Hamon, NY ; J Lewellyr; Los Ang "X
J BussiJg.'fan Jose T B?Prltchard, Samalito
V Gillis. butte :?;; , ; v : W 1) D.tvis. N .V -,
E sc!iiiabel<few. S Jose A Ciirotmti, Marj-3ville
J P (Sfy iiiour. Chicago ~v T J Lord, Denver
Jewell, Stockioa
TO GO RIGHT ON
WITH THE WAR
Civic Federation Reorgan
ganized to Do Battle
for Reforms.
Will Watch the New Adminis
tration From the Vantage
of Experience.
Tenure of Office and Police Court
Reforms to Be Urged at
Sacramento.
The Civic Federation is reorganized for
a new campaign against a new set of con
ditions; or, rather, the campaign will be
against old conditions as they may be
played upon by a new set of men — the
newly elected City and County adminis-
tration.
Th ; organization has Joppedoff the dead
wood to a considerable extent acd left the
federation in a much beiter righting shape
than before, say the members, especially
as the places of those dropped from the
roli have been taken by other and young
men, who are ready to join heartily in an
aggressive movement.
Members of tlie federation generally
place the highest confidence in Mayor
elect Phelan, declaring their belief that
he will stand for honesty and economy
and progress In municipal affairs. As for
the rest, they prefer to wait and see,
hoping, of course, for the best.
"The federation," said George T. Gaden
yesterday, "is older than it was. It has
learned much in tht> past year or so and
is very mucu better prepared to meet
whatever of crookedness it may discover
in the conduct ot the government.
"It has b?en shown that the Mayor can
do little with the Supervisors or the other
arms of the City government against him.
This last year the leduration was lucking
in experience — did not Know just how to
proceed or how to taKe the most advan
tage of its opportunities. A certain
amount of experience is necessary in these
tuintis and tne federation lias not forgot
ten iti lessons. It is much, stronger than
ever."
The federation will also appear at Sac
ramento during the session ot the Legis
lature in an active endcarvor to improve
upon the Jaws under which this great City
tries to operate. Mr. Gaden dtciared that
several bills would oe prepared, out just
what they would be directed at had not
Deen decided upon. He said the matter
was diacu-sed in executive session, but
nothing definite arrivea at.
It is understood, however, that a bill to
be introduced will regulate the tenure of
office of City officials, to correct lack of uni
formity now existing. While, under the
present laws, as recently decided by the
fcujirtme Court, some officials hold for two
and some for four years, the terms all will
be fixea ut two years.
= effort will be made to reorganize the
methods or procedure in the ponce courts
so that there suali bf some individual re*
spoils' bie for tne prosecution and conduct
of cases there. Under the bill to be pre
sented the District Attorney will be that
one. He will have the appointment of
the several prosecuting attorneys in the
courts and will be held responsible for
their acts.
Tnis reform is deemed of tirst impor
tance, as it i-> in the police courts that most
of ilit; criminal prosji:U!ion has its incep
tion ami wuere "case hx.ng" has become
too common to maKe a goou scandal. The
prosecuting attorneys are appointed by
the iioaru of fcupervisor.s and are responsi
ble to no one. '
Other reforms will be attempted in the
Legislature that are made necessary by
the lailure of the proposed charter at the
last election.
FACTS ABOUT BUTTONS.
No Buttons Wore Made Here Until 1848,
and Some Cost SIOO Apiece.
Everybody is aware of the button craze
now sweeping over the country, but few
know that buttons are a comparatively
modern invention. This is the age of but
tons, says the New York Journal.
We are slaves of buttons. Buttons ot
hit;h and low degree, ornamental buttons,
useful buttons, campaign bu tons, bicycle
buttons, club buttons, official buttons,
military buttons, navy buttons, police
men's buttons, firemen's buttons, all kinds
of buttons, not forgetting the evasive,
elusive collar button, furnish proof of the
assertion.
The people of the United States unbut
ton 1,400.000,000 buttons every nietit, when
they get ready to co to bed, and the next
morning tney rebuttoa t lie same 1,400,
000,000 buttons, unless a few million have
been lost in the struggle. Then other mil
lions of buttons must be sewed on.
In the fourteenth century there were
buttons — but no buttonhole* — and there
wasn't a button factory in England until
the close of the seventeenth century.
This button was purely ornamental, for,
lacking a im:tonhoie, it cmldn't make
itself useful, anu the question arise*, how
our ancestors mauageu to keep respectably
covered.
O:" course, when a kniprht appeared in j
mail, there could have been no apprehen- '
sion as to the stability of his covering, lor j
it was rivetpd on, but how did a High- j
lander keep his kits in place? Was it I
firmly skewered with a bog-thorn for a |
safety-pin ? The Romuns wore circum
spect in this re.ard. Yaris and yards of
material employed in their togas were
wrapped and entwined about tne wearers.
Two hundred year." ago there was not !
as many buttons in the whole wor d as j
one will find to-day in the smallest "no- i
tion" store. Each one of these buttons i
was made by hand, it was not until 1745 j
that any considerable manufactory was
establisued. In that year the famous
Soho works were opened at Birmingham,
Eng., wht-ro steel buttons were made of I
suvh beauty and nni''h as to command a
price of $700 a gross or $5 each.
On the accession of George 111 gilt but
tons became fashionable, and the price |
varied trom a few shillings a dozen to $100 I
apiece, depending on the character of the
work and the depth of the purchaser's
pocket.
The first button factory in the United
States was established in 1848.
QUEENS WHO SMOKE.
Thß Use of Cigarette* Extending Among
Women All Overcoropn
According to Les Annales the Empress
of Austria smokes from thirty to forty
cigarettes a day. The dowager Empress
of Russia is a confirmed smoker, but con
lines her indulgence to her own private
apartments, apparently in deference to the
teelings of the young Czarina, who is op
posed to the use of cigarettes, which has
become prevalent among women in the
best society in St. Petersburg.
The Queen of Roumania, the Queen Re
gent of Spain, Queen Amelia of Portugal
who in tnis respect follows the exam pie of
her mother, the wife of the Conne de
P.irir and the Queen of Italy are all
smokers.
'•In France," Les Annales continues,
"the association of men and women in all
kinds of sports has been the cause of a
greater degree of intimacy, and lias
brought us to accept the cigarette, whose
use is extending amons young women of
the roost exclusive circles. Even the
most critical no longer protest when two
rosy lips send cut a lew puffs of smoke be- l
tween a couple of games of tennis. Be- I
sides, our grandmothers loved tobacco.
The Duchess of Chartres ami the Duchess
of Bourbon under Louis XIV even went
so far as to snioke pipes, ye?, pipes, my
dears! And in the 'Letters of a Trav
eler' we read that Georgp Sand always
kept tobacco on hand for her own personal
use.
"In all times Spanish women have
smoked; and not only cigarette;!, but
cigars. Marbot in his 'Memoirs' tells us
this without mincing matter?. An>l they
smoke in England and in the United
States, although in the latter country it
is only recently t ha; women have b gim
to use tobacio. Tr.cre was a story in Gil
Bias not Jon;: atro lo the effect thai three
young girls in Louisville, Ky.. were seen
smoking by a policeman and wre ar
rested. The Judre, although recognizing
that the accused were not conforming to
the proprieties, felt hound to release them
because they were violating no law."
Oiie Hot December Way.
"This is the anniversary oi the hottest
day lever knew in winter," sa.d the old
meteoroloci'al member, as the clubmen
can:e in this morning blowins their
cold fingers and stamping their chilled
feet.
"In what year?" asked a young member.
"In the year 185!). The morning opened
cloudy and it looked likt* rain. Then at
about noon it cleared off, and the ther
mometer, which had indicated a tempera
ture o' 70 degress, suddenly rose to about
80 degrees, at which it remained all tho
rest of the day. Even Ibe night failpd to
bring relier, and during the evening it was
curious to note the citizens of Ftica sit
ting by their open windows vainly striv
ing for a breath of fresh air."
"But how do you remember so exactly
what took place so long ago?"
"±iy connecting it with an event of his
torical interest which is not likely ever to \
pass from my mind." I
"And what is it?" ■
"The hanging of old John Brown, which
took place at Charleston, Va. (it is now
West Virginia), on the second day of De
cember, 1859."—Utica Observer.
Nearly 400.000 cigars are sold in London
every weeKday, besides I,<XX). OOO cigarettes.
HEW TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
P PILLS^^
I for Billons and Nervous dlsorders,Buch as Wind
j and Pain In the Stomach, Kick Headache, CldeU-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after, meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chili3, Flushings ot
I Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness oi Breath, Cos-
; tlveness, Blotches on tho Skin, Disturbed Sloop,
Frightful Dreams, aadallUervbU3 and Tremb-
ling Sensations, &c, when these symptoms are
■ caused by constipation, as mo3t of them are.
\ THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
i MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer is
j earnestly Invited to try one Box of these PIII3
and they will be acknowledged to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females tocompleto health.
i They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
j they act like magic few doses will work woo,
i ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appo-
I tlte, and arousing with the Rottebud of
' Health tho whole physical energy ot
, the human frame. Theso are facts admitted by
• thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
■ the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
: tated Is that Beccham>s Fills liavo the
i Largest Sale of any Pateiis iTletdicine
! in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL
Annual Sales more than 6 000, 000 Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will bo sent by U. li.
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., Now
l'ork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
free upon application.
■ okMw wM&
WDEJ OTHERS FAIL COWJLT
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician whose reputation Is established
I by ten years of successful practice at 737 Mar-
\ ket street. San Francisco.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, ?£3SS
i hidden vices or excesses, Is the curse of hu-
manity, the unpardonable >-in. It blights all
the pleasures of youth. It deadens the spirits
! and weakens the brain. Its train of ills and
I evils tenrs down the strongest constitution
j and completely wrecks the mental and physi-
■ cal man. Thousands of young and middle-
; ajred men through this scourge ot Immunity
j have found homes In insane asvlnma or filled
I suicide's graves. It has broken up mora
homes, caused more desertions and separ-
ations than all other evils combined. If you
j are ■ snftorer from ti.ls monster of all diseases
you should consult Doctor Swcany. He can
positively and permanently restoreyour wasted
and weakened powers, your health and your
j strength.
A WEAK BACK Brines on untimely
Iff CHiV QMl)l\ death. It is an un-
mistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your
back ache? Do you have : sediment or briclc
dust deposit in the urine? Do you uriuate fre-
quently? ' Have you weakness of the sexuil
organs, partial or total potency? It you
have any of these symptoms you have dis-
eased kidneys. ; To neglect these troubles
means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and
a premature grave. : Dr. bwc-any invariably
cures these disease v
VARfhnPEI C Hydrocole and all blad-
VHniUUUkL&« der difficulties trjaied
j witn uniailing success
' Rl I PTII New method, sure cure, puin-
I llWri UllUi lesi treatment," no detention
Irom^work. no: experiment. A positive, cor-
tain and permanent cure.
PRIVATE DISEASES. S rr^d
stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of the
age, positively and forever curad;;
JL ADI -1 9 will ; receive special and careful
| treatment for all their many ailments.
WRITE, if away irom the : city. Book,
; 'Guide to Health," a"' treatise on all organs
and their diseases, free on application.
Call or address ~ : -
F. L. SWEANY, EH. D.
I 737 Market, Street, San Francisco, Cal.SOCIETY WILL
HELP THE DWARF
The Little Man of Niles
Tendered a Christmas
Reception.
Will Prosecut? the Husband o!
the Woman He Did
Not Beat.
Trouble Likely to Occur in the Can
yon Before the Matter Is
Settied.
Oakland Omi E Pan Francisco Call,)
SOS Broadway, Dec 26. j
Antono Martin, the Imie man of Niles,
was tendered a reception yesterday by the
ladies in t i.o canyon, who congratulated
him o:i winnlnj: the ease in which he was
prosecuted by Mrs. bfacbado for hugging
her and iilackening one of her eyes.
The dwarf, however, has not yet done
PRINCIPALS IN A NILES CANYON FARCE.
Mr. M chado, who will be tried for beating the dwarf, Antone Martin, whom the ladies idolize, and Mrs. Isabel Machado,
whom the ladies do not idolize and who swore that she was badly hugged by the dwarf.
with litigati< n. and if the same argument
be used In the nest trial as was used in the
last little Martin will asain be the victor.
He iviis released on the charge of beating
Mrs. Marhado because it was proved that
unless she were praying or the dwarf
standing on a table such an attacK as she
Claims took place would be an impossi
bility. Next Tuesday at Centerv;lle the
dwarf will appear as the prosecuting wit
ne.-s, and he will charge Mr. Machado
•with having beaten him.
Among the great events of a metropolis
the troubles of the dwarf might excite lit
tle attention, tut they have stirred up a
vast interest among the residents in the
district between Niles and Livermore.
Even in that rural district tnere are strong
Buciai lines observed, and although there
are no Ned Greenways, there are some
Silvas, some Enoses, some Koses, some
Jesuses and some Machados.
Mis. Macuado, who is very proud of her
husband, has long been jealous of the
amount of feminine attention showered
on the dwarf. Her jealousy was increased
when several ladies who were not of her
set attended the trial at Hay wards, looked
at her with scorn; when on the witness
chair, cheered when her alleged assailant
■was set free, and afterward escorted him
back to his home. This' treatment was
nibre bitter to Mrs. Machado'thun gall and
wormwood, but it was as nothing com
pared to her chagrin when see saw the
amount of attention and the number of
presents given to the dwarf on Chr.stmas
day.
When the trial of Air. Machado comes up
at Centerville the name ladies will go down
there to cheer the little man and with the
hope of laughing over the discomhturc of
Machado. The funny attorney who de
fended the dwarf against the wif' will
prosecute his case against the husband,
and as the husband is just, a little hit
taller than his tall' wife it is not at all
probable that the little fellow will have
any difficulty in proving is case.
The trouble between the Martins and
the Machados has developed into a fac
tional strife, and those who are well
acquainted with the manner in which
such affairs arc settled in.Niles Canyon
look for something interesting and sensa
tional, if not tragic. Mr. Marli.i, act-onl
ine to Mrs. MacbatJo, has frequently an
nounced that when lie wants 10 settle a
d lliculiy with anybody he resorts to a
knife. V. .
'lie dwarf certainly has a difficulty on
band now, and he is known to possess a
long, bright, sharp-pointed knife. So—,
BAD FOR GOPHERS.
An Ingenious Invention to Blow Them
Out of Existence, Called a
•Gopher _ Gun.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. '!*'>■ — Charles Kis
tier and Peter Derkun have invented a
gopher gun which they confidently assert
will materially diminish the number of
gophers and squirrels on any farm where
they are introduced.
The gopher gun is made of iron and
shaped like a little cannon. It is about
eight inches long and is placed at the
mouth ol the hoie occupied by the de
stractiva animals whose misr-ion it is to
kili. A small char-e of powder and a
common ]>ercussii>r. r;ij> are the materials
used. A sraail red, at the end of which is
attached a cork, projects '. evond the niuz
z'o oi the gun and reaches into the hole.
When tne gopher or s-nuirrel touches
this rod, as he is obliged ;o do to emerge
from the hole, a spring is released which
causes the trigger to fall, the gun goes off
and the animal is irnmediat»ly killed. No
bullet is required, for at such cl;>se ranpe
the explosion of the powder is sufficient.
Repeated trials have shown tho device to
be thoroughly practical and the inventors
have applied for a patent.
Due to Uloliinley's Klection.
OAKLAND, Cal, Dec. 26.— The stove
works owned by George H. Tay & Co. at
Alvarado intends to double its present
capacity at the beginning of the year. The
factory has been closed this week, during
which time its capacity will be doubled
ready ;or ihe reopening. Superintendent
Charles Nauert saia to-day that the in
crease of business is due to the election of
McKinley, which has restored confidence,
increased the demand and compelled the
works to enlarge their business.
Dragged by a Hnrgtt.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 28.— Mrs. E. J.
Falconer, wlio w;ts riding yesterday with
her son and daughter at San Lorenzo,
narrowly escaped being Killed by the
breaking of tne kingbolt of ihe baggy.
As it \va«, her left arm was broken and she
was seriously injured because of the bolt
ing ot the horse. The son was dragged
about a hundred yards belore he stopped
the horse, and was somewhat injured,
but Miss Falconer escape. l injury.
Sale of a Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 26.— The First
Christian th.urch, at Thirteenth and Mar
ket streets, will probably become the prop
erty of the Swedish Methodists. A price
has been named and a deposit paid. The
First Christian Church is anxious to ob
tain a r.ew edifice several blocks nearer
Broadway, on wnich they can erect a
$15,000 ennrch.
Ffarecl He Might Rob.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 26.— Thomas
Coleman wont lo the Police Court this
morning and gave himself up a< a vagrant.
He said that unless he were locked up he
would certainly commit some overt act in
a bank, as he could no longer restrain
himself. Justice Morris sent him to the
County Jail for thirty days for vagrancy.
Call 9lt a Victory.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 2b'. — Captain
Thomas oi this city considers thai the rs
port of Stcretary of State Brown is a ver
dict in his lavor regarding the charges
which he pre:errea against the manage
ment of tlie Yountville Home some
months ago for prosecuting which Lyon
Post was suspended for ninety days. The
old soldiers are considerably worked up
over '.he matter and before long will prob
ably take some very decided steps to prove
that their suspension was unmerited.
Indications of Gold.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 2ii.— Some ex
citement was created at Corral Hollow
Wednesday last by the finding of an im
mense bowlder in which were streaks of
gold. The lind w:;s made by Henry Lake
and J. Hurley on Lake's land, and pros
pectors are at work trying to discover a
rich lode.
Clark'* Trial I* Spt.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 'Mi. — William
Clark, the old man of East, Oakland who
is charged with assaulting several little
girls, will be tried before Judge Greene
next. Tuesuay. The defendant will be rep
resented by Attorney W. H. Cook.
RAN OFF THE SQUATTERS
James McCoy Destroys Their
Tent and A:serts His
Ownership.
A United States Patent Now P.-otects
Him from Al. Future Land-
Jumping;.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
008 Broadway, D c. 26. )
J. W. McCoy, tiie owner of ti.e ranch in
Redwood Canyon, which was jumped by
three young men last w-.'ek during his ab
sence, has set at rest all doubts as to his
title. Last Friday he secured a United
States patent on the property, and this
effectually disposes of any adverse claim
by squatters.
Ju3t a week ago Mr. McCoy said the
three young men pitched a tent on the
land he haJ rented from Henry Tierce of
tlie Contra Costa Water Company.
The young men did not enjoy their pos
session long. Last Thursday "Mr. McCoy
went to the tract on which they had
squatted and ejected them, at the" sa.Tie
time tearing down their tent. The ranch
comprises about eighty-eight acres and is
mostly used for pasturage.
Tre .McCoys left H for a few months to
reside near Haywards, ;ind when they re
turned found the three squatters in posses
sion. As soon as Mr. McCoy secured his
patent they did not remain long undis
tumed.
The homestead consists of forty acres,
to which there is no dispute as to title. A
story published last week intimated that
Mr. McCoy's right to the property was
somewhat clouded and ihat the "inter
lopers had taken advantage of that fa- t.
This was not so, as there was no cioud on
the title, and the three men simply pre
empted the iand and evinced an Intention
to keep it at all i azards. There was no
necessity for Mr. McCoy to take out a land
patent, but it furnished indisputable
proof that he had a rignt to destroy the
squatters' lent and drive them off his
property.
THE SAN" FRAXDISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 27, 1896.
BALLOT THAT
WILL PLEASE ALL
No Party Will Be Placed
at the Head of the
Ticket.
An Alameda Man Will Submit
His Device to the
Legislature.
Will Do Away With All Possib c
Charges of Preference in Favor
of Any Candidate.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 26.- Horace P.
Brown of Alameda h« devised a patent
form of ballot for general and municipal
elections that will be submitted for ac
ceptance or rejection by the next Legis
lature.
As every voter knows, the greatest ob
jection against the Australian ticket
arises from the probable or possible dis-
' crimination as to the party whose candi
date shall be at tne heart. At the last
election much trouble was experienced,
and finally the Secretary of £tate pave
| County Clerks instructions in the matter.
! Had the Secretary of State been of a dif
ferent political iaith it is probable that his
! instructions might have been different,
| consequently the same diiliculty is likely
| to occur at every election.
The device of Mr. Drown simplifies this
matter, and the only objection possible to
his plan is that it may not be considered
completely practicable. His idea fulfills
all the requirements, and at the same
time overcomes most if not all of the ob
jections made against the^ Australian
ballot.
The proposed ballot is circular in shape
and is divided into as many segments as
there are parties who have filed tickets.
Bach party will have one segment of the
circle, and there will be neither top nor
bottom to the ticket. In this way the
number of circles will be large or small,
according to the number of candidates.
The names of the- various parties are
placed at the inner end of the segment
and thence toward the large.-t cir
cumference follow the candidates in regu
lar order.
By thy plan every ticket secures the-same
prominence and there can be no charge
or suggestion of undue prominence. By
following out Mr. Brown's nlan tlie iast
name on each party ticket stands in the
same relation to the head of the ticket.
The voter who forgets to finish or is too
slow to reach the last mime on the ticket
can have no possible excuse for placing a
cross against the top names on any other
ticket.
Another great saving claimed for this
new ticket is the time consumed in count
ing tuevo.es; being circular in forma
pin is to be p.aced in the table and eacii
bailot impaled upon it, then it can be
swunc ■ round at will until counted and
anoti er placed upon it.
•■'l: c ilea came to me," said Mr. Brown,
"on a . .eepless nignt when I was thinking
over the cumbrous form of the present
ballot. Home time afterward I reproduced
my idfa on paper and showed it to Regis
trar Hinton of San Francisco. He at mice
declared that it was a good, practical
thing, and would save all the wrangling
over places of preference. Each party
must have the same olh'cers placed in
nomination and they would all be on the
same circle on the ballot, and defeated
candidates could never afterward attribute
their fate to the fact that they missed
votes because thoy were further down on
the. ticket than their opponents. Parties
aii'i men always want the best position on
the ticket, but in my device there is no
best and no worse.
' The adoption of a new ticket must go
before the Legislature, and 1 expect there
will he many who will favor voting ma
chines, but I do not think that such a ma
chine has yet been invented that is above
suspicion. With the present law we could
not have a fairer election than with the
ballot I have devi.vd. I will present it to
the Legislature on its merits. There is
nothing for m>' to gain uersotialiy by Us
adoption, and nothing to lose, so it must
go on merit tilone."
Chnrles Schrum and Abelard Sistcrna had an
alicrcution, ending in a rorjili and tumble
fight, (hiH inurniiiK in S:orck'a butch.r shop
in West Berkeley. Ihe troub.c was over linan
cial matteis. Sisterna was bally cut by being
thrown against a pane oi titiss.
• -♦ — •
An active campatgnrfor funds in aid of the
suffe.ers by the Indian famine is still being
-pursued in Berkeley. ■ \V. \V. Chirk, who . lias
i hi 1 local agitation in charge, expects to raise
a large fund. ■ ; ■ :
. . - ■ ■ ■ - ■ * ■■.-<.
WEDDED HALF A CENTURY AGO.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Smith of West Berkeley, who celebrated their golden
wedding last Wednesday, aie a couple whose youthful health and vigor has
been preserved to a marvelous extent. Though the groom of half a century
ago is now 76, and his then 18-year-old bride is 08, they are as well preserved
as most people at 40. There is hardly a wrinkle on the brow of either, and
judging from their prpsent good health the celebration of their diamond wed
dinc is not an improbability. They are both of the old colonial stock, Mrs.
Smith being a direct descendant of Benjamin Franklin, while her husband's
relatives sprang from the French Husuenots. Both their families are noted
for their longevity. Though both are close to the threescore md ten ninrk
they have two great-grandchildren who live in Colorado. At the celebration
of their golden wedding they stood under a gayly wrought marriage bell and
repeated as near as possible the ceremony which united them "for better or
worse" at Salem, New York, in 1846.
BOARD OF TRADE ACTS
Merchants Urged to Oppose
Any Water-Front
Legislation.
William R. Davis Says the Repeal o!
the Act cf 1852 Would Be a
Ca niity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Dec. 26, 1896. (
The Board of Trade directors met this
afternoon for the special purpose of dis
cussing what action should be taken re
garding the water-front bill prepared by
Assemblyman Leavitt. The unanimous
sentiment was that every member of each
directory of the board and the Merchants'
Exchange shouM be on hand next Mon
day nigiit and show by a full vote their
opposition to the measure.
It was conceded by all that nothing
could be more disadvantageous than any
measure that will retard the early settle
ment of the ownership ol the city's water
front and its improvement for immediate
use. A strong resolution will be adopted
requesting Mr. Leavitt to let the matter
alone.
On Monday evening the two mercantile
bodies will meet at the Central Bank
building and will formulate a document
which will show that they are unalterably
and unanimously opposed to the intro
duction into tue Legislature of any bill
Mich as that proposed by. Mr. Leavitt.
William 11. Davi*, senior counsel for the
city in the great ; suit for the recovery of
the water front, now awaiting determina
tion by the Supreme Court, published the
following to-day in reply to a statement
that the repeal of the act of 1852 would not
affect the city' 3 rights and interests:
The importance of "the subject matter, our
twelve square, miles ot water iront, perhaps
warrants a. few- words. Then is a mistake
somewhere, of print or of copy. I never con
ceived nor expressed to any one the thought
ttiat tne repeal of the grant to the town of the
water front in trust by the act ol 1852 was a
matter of indifference, or that it would not af
fect the city's rights and interests, now being
litigated and in. held, or thai 'that idea could
now be entertained even. Gravest reasons ex
ist why our State court of last resort, where the
whole matter is argued, briefed and submit
ted, should proceed ■ undisturbed to final
judgment. I . :
Time has shown often and will show again
thtit sound judgment is safer and better than
hasty activity. • The proposed repeal of the act
oi 1852 would be the one great calamity that
could befall Oakland. It would he an awful
New Year's gift. . Far-seeing friend* of Oak
land should not talk about it even but lei the
courts adjudge undisturbed trie great ques
tions and the public rights, all now before
them upon the merits and in -the completed
form. W m. K. Davis.
A Marriage Trust.
Justices of the Peace in this county met
here yesterday and formed an organiza
tion for th« purpose of putting an end to
"dead bt-at" marriages and also cutting of
rates. During ihe last six mouths they
have seldom received over $1 for marriages,
and in most cases 50 cents was all the
groom could spare. One squire's book
showed thirteen who had "itood him off,"
and another eleven, none oi whom had
paid. Hereafter it will be %2 straight and
money in hand. — Anderson (Ind.) corre
spondence of the bt. Louis Globe-Demo
crat.
There are twenty monarchies and twen
ty-five republics in the cvilized world.
|-=E|S THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- 1
Z FOR — T
# QHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, li
H . R Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and f|
# y Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, #
S Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, ||
# i Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, •
!| Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to #
' # name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. •■
# Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. §
*£ ■■■■■■ For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. ft
■■'■„ .•■"-;'. : . L. Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast. San Jose, CaL - gjfe
TRAINS NEED NOT CROSS
Enough Broad-Gauge Locals in
Oakland and Narrow-Gauge
in Aiaraeda.
Request of Thomas Coeman for a
Prison Cell to Prevent Him Com
mitting a Crime Granted.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Dec. 26.— The pro
posed plan of a double-decked bridge
across the estuary has an opponent in
Lyman Bridges, the' civil engineer. He
does not think the cars need to cross the
estuary at all. He says:
"A viaduct or tunnel should be the only
thing considered if there is any necessity
for a railroad crossing the estuary. Cir
cumstances and conditions have changed
both in this city and Oakland since the
Alice and Webster streets bridges were
allowed for railway purposes.
"The Supervisors cannot afford to throw
away tlie money in building a
bridge. Let the railroad company build
their own viaduct and tunnel if any is re
quired by them, and let the Supervisors
expend public money for a viaduct and
! tunnel un ler Broadway. I have no doubt
that Alameda will join and build a
boulevard from the south side of the estu
ary to the avenues of this city.
"I can't see the necessity of the steam
I cars crossing the estuary anyway. With
i the Pacific or Railroad avenue line turned
to the narrow-gauge pier and an exchange
! of tickets at the junction of the Alameda
Electric Railway, with an hourly train via
Fiuitvale to Park- street, our citizens
would be much better accommodated than
at present and no Alice-street bridge
! would be required. It' this bridge was re
! moved only the Webster-street bridge
would obstruct navigation, and this only
until the Broadway tunnel could be built.
I should think the people would not toler
ate any double-decked or second-story
bridges."
Heroism Rewarded.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 26.— The. gold
medaN purchased by public subscription,
for their heroism in the rescue of old John
Baker, iv clam-digger, early lust spring,
were presented to Miss Vida McKean and
Miss Dora Patterson yesterday. E. Clark
and Al Cooper, wno originated the idea of
the medals, presented them. The ladies
were greatiy pleased with the gilt, and to
day gave out the following card of thanks :
Not being able to thank individually the
citizens of Alameda for the beautiful medals
they received on Christmas morning, Oora
Patterson and Vida McKean wish to express
their hearty thanks through the columns of
this paper. They feel that they have done
nothing worthy of so handsome a reward, but
appreciate very much the kindness of the
many who have contributed toward the
medals, which they value so highly.
Coleman Was Accommodated.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec 2«— Thomas
Coleman, a seedy looking individual, ap
peared at the City Prison this morning
and demanded to be locked up. He said
if he was not accommodated he would
rob the Alameda Bank. As he had a de
termined look in his eyes and acted as if
he would attempt to carry out his threat,
Officer Conrad at once accommodated
him. When placed behind the bars he
seemed to be considerably relieved. Cole
man afterward stated that he did not
know why he did not carry out the at
tempt without coming to the police
station.
Officer Conrad says it is often done by
offenders just after a job has been done,
to get out of sight. He believes that the
man is one of the gang that robbed a
saloon at Pruitvale Thursday night.
Coleman was taken before Justice Morris
this afternoon and civen thir.y days for
vagrancy in order to give the police a
chance to look up his record.
Three Deaths.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 26.— Captain and
Mrs. Elvethan Lewis of 1528 Minturn
street receivod word to-day oi the death
of their son William near Boston, Mass.,
last Thursday. He was ju^t ready to start
home to remain fur pood.
W. J. Warren of 1542 Railroad avenue
died at Kelso, British Columbia, on the
23d inst., of typhoid fever. Ho was super
intendent of the Excelsior Redwood Pipe
Company.
Frederick Tardif, 1023 Central avenue,
died this morning afier n long illness. He
was a native of England, 4(3 years of age,
and had resided here live years. He was a
Woodman and Workman, the former hav
ing charge of his funeral to-morrow.
Aiaraeda '• ot ■*.
H. J. Cronin, who was nrrestsd Thursday
night on a charge of embezzlement, to-day
pleaded guilty uud was given six months in
the County Jail.
Company A of the Second Regiment, Boys'
Brisrado, defeated Company O at football yes
terday morning by a score of I*l to G. Another
game is being arranged between the same
learns for New Year's.
A led who refused to give his name fell be
fore cur 4 of the San Jose avenue line last
night, and but for the promptness of the motor
man would have been killed. He was ridmg
a bicycle.
The carcass of a horse is on the beach
at the foot of McPh^rsou street. Several weeks
ago it was removed by Poundinaster Josephs,
but it has returned, more uausaating than be
fore.
LADIES TAKE A HAND.
Slake an Unqunlitied Demand on Li-
briiry Trustees.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 26.— The Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society has unanimously
passed the following resolutions:
Whereas, The Board of Library Trustees of
the Free Library of Oakland has removed
from the readinc-rooms of said library the
organ of the Catholic people in this arch
diocese, viz.: the San Francesco Monitor, and
whereas, the Cstholic Monitor is the only
journal wherein the honor and virtue of the
Catholic women of California are defended
from their base traducers, and whereas, our
purity aiid womanly modesty are dearer to us
than life, therefore it is hereby
fiesolvcd, By the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
of Oakland, in regular meeting assembled, on
the 21st day of December, ISM, that tlie mem
bers of this organization hereby demand of
the Board of Library Trustees thn: they re
store to the files of the Free Library In this
city the .San Francisco Monitor, that the
Catholic citizens and taxpayers be not de
prived of the right to peruse said journal iv
the free r -ad ing-room ;
Resolved, That the. San FraDCisto Monitor is
a tit and moral paper, worthy of our hearty
sympathy and support. It 13 welcomed to our
homes, and we hereby repel the charges made
against it.
Resolved, That the Catholic? of this city are
competent aud capable, intellectually and
financially, of selecting and providing proper
literature when needful to do so. It is lament
able that virtuous women should need protec
tion for their eood name in these last days oi
the enlightened nine:eenth Century, As such,
however, is the sad fact sternly facing us from
Protestant press and Protestant pulpit, we, as
Catholic women, demand that your honorable
body, as honorable men, acci de to our request.
Miss Maria Flynn, President.
Mrs. Jennie Jordan, Secretary.
HIS FAREWELL SERMON.
Rev. E. B. Payne Retires To- Day
From the Unitarian Church
of Berkeley.
He Has Been Pastor Ever Since the
Organization of the Church
F ye Years Ago.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dee. 26.— The Rev.
E. B. Payne will close his connection with
the l ( irst Unitarian Church of Berkeley,
of which he lias been the pastor ever since
its organization, after the bervices to-mor
row morning.
His farewell sermon will be on "Per
sonal Experiences D.iring the Past Year,"
and it is expected that he will have many
interesting things to say about his work
in Berkeley and about the society of
which he has so long been the leader.
The Unitarian Society was organized
about five years ago and the Rev. Mr.
Payne, who had been pastor of the First
Congregational Church, was chosen to
occupy its pulpit, the society constituting
itseii as a church and holding regular
Sunday morning services.
During the five years of Mr. Payne's
NEW TO-DAY.
CONSUMPTION
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 181 Pearl St., New York.
When writing the Doctor, pleaso mention this paper.
Auction Sales.
. AUCTIOSJALE !
Ferguson's Stables, 134 and 136 Seventh
ON ACCOUNT OF. SICKNESS.
TUESDAY,
Tuesday December 39, 1838.
AT 11 A. M., WE WILL RRLL •' ' ' \t. ■' .
THE COSTER OF MOVE STABLE,
CONSISTINO OK
38 Heart Good Work and Jlusin^ss Horses, 0 Open
ami Clused Carriages. 4 LanriuuleU (almost new),
3 < pen and Top koeivuwavh, 5 f-prine Wagons,
Carts, 40 rets Hack, Uug-jy ami Wagon Harness,
Blankets, Robes, etc.
Every article muse be removed by the.SOtn lnst.
So' Stables To Let. "■.
SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE,
| Office— Sixth st- - Livestock Auctioneers.
pastonte the church bus zrown steadily,
and his sermon-, which were in the
nature of lectures, often profoundly t'hilo
soL-hical, have attracted much attention.
The retiring pastor is exceedingly popu
lar in his congregation.
The last meeting of the Ruskin Club was
in the nature of a farewell reception to Mr.
Payne. A large number of the Bnskin
Club's members are of Mr. Payne's cnurch,
and they united in expressing their sor
row at his leavine the church.
Professor Aibin Putzker was chosen ai
spokesman of the Unitarian Society. The
professor delivered an address full of feel
injj, voicing the sentiments of the congre
gation at the loss of their pastor.
For some weeks the church will prob
ably be without a pastor, as no successor
to Mr. Payne has yet been secured. The
Rev. W. a. Crooner of Helena, Mont., has
not yet accepted the call tendered to him.
A Suspicious Character.
BERKELEY, Cai.., Dec. 26.— Night
Watchman Albert Brown, of North Berke
ley at midnight yesterday arrested an in
dividual who gave the name of Robert
Johnson, and who was prowling in a sus
picious manner about residences on Ox
ford street. The fellow had a big knife
concealed on his person. He was charged
with vagrancy and with carrying a con
cealed weapon.
Death of Sirs. Edwards,
BERKELEY, Cal.. Dec. 26.— Mrs.
George Edwards ot 2530 Dwight way died
last night, after a brief illness brought on
by overstrain in nursing her mother, Mrs.
Colt, who died on November 30.
Brief News Notes.
The Order of Herman's Sons gave a Christ
mas entertainment for children lust night in
Sisterna Hall.
The special Chrlsmas day musical pro
gramme of St. Mark's Church will be repeated
at the regular services to-morrow.
A Christmas song service will be given to
morrow evening at the Park Congregational
Church of Loriu, led by A. T. Sutherland.
The Christmas services of the First Presby
terian Church will be held to-morrow night,
Tney will consist of a musical and literary
programme by members of the Sunday-school,
and an aildrt-KR by the Rev. H. A. Ket
chum,
NEW TO-DAY.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAKNESS OF Ml
WHICH « IRKD HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILKU,
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the. mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost, impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer roiled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better taka a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combinntton
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
be now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
hare the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free 1 mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience.
I am not a philantnropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering ■ the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at onca could
they but get such a remedy as the one thai
cured me. . Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most o; us. Write 10
Thomas Slater, box 2283. Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. »
.^»^ j» TfINQ OH PUV
&s&2^'Sl&§SVtok Successor to Hit. 1..A1
6H*s2"»Kri2#>2*? \ ru TAI - prartiiate of
?M«^sßHfejjaajSf&*. Canton Medical Col-
Mf-p*' Ba Q&ej&S&4 I'K 1 -- »*'<■" » very sue-
Tr ■^BBgSgi'rif cesiful practice of
w/ toj©' muuy years in Cbian,
tTONB Pfl CHY,
Successor to DX. LAI
V PU J Al. pracluate of
\ Canton Medical Col-
hge. after a very suc-
j« cesiful practice ot
1 many yoars in China,
hits lo aled In Una
tff*rf G™ <o Francisco. The aur-
%//// »^ Fjl prising and marvelous
Iffl^fofe 0 *7 1 curts effected by his
' ilJKffistek /f herbs (Ifmonstiats
VrtuffiA /k , tin ir potence anil lii»
- - FISJE2, - .Irs IZ ' BKlll. Tbf'se herbs
yS-\, curu over 400 differtn:
*a»BSBW-"2>jsir^ liiscitsep, Inc uding
W^S^^'^W ' Blight's Disease, Dia-
$■B*s'-'^* ' betes, Consumption,
t "*' .\ s; l: 111 a. I'nralySis.
BralD, Nerve, Cancers. Tumors. Mood, .Male ami
Female Muladies All persons alllicted with any
kind of malady wbatsover are Invited to call. ;
Office. 737 Washington Street.
Office hours— 9 a m to li m., Ito9 1: v. ; Sun-
day, 10 a. it. to IV! m
1314
DEMOCRATS MEET
AND SAW WOOD
It Was the Quietest Politi
cal Meeting on
Record.
Mr. Rainey's Absence Had an
Aiarmingly Dispiriting
Effect.
They Met to Talk About the Disposi
tion of Patronage, but Were
Stricken Dumb.
There was a stamping of feet and one or
two hurrahs when Sam Braunhart, Sena
tor-elect, walked into Democratic head
quarters in the Flood building last even
ing.
Mr. Braunhart received this flattering |
ovation because he was one of the few '
favored by political fortune, and the room- !
Jnl of men who were waiting to be so i
favored looked upon him as a mascot, as
no doubt he wouid be in reality if politics
were a baseball came.
The Senator wore the front of his black I
derby well down upon the bridge of his j
nose, and this gave him a very Vcute" and
knowing air. He glanced carelessly in the j
direction of John Foley, H. C. Hassett ]
nnd T. P. Riordan, who had been favored |
by the i arty in years gone by, before the I
Republicans rose ur> ami dusted the earth j
with tt:em, and Mr. Braunhart. having j
taKen a cold, critical survey of the repre- i
eentaiive Pemocruts sitting around the \
room, took a chair and chewed a tooth- .
}p;ck with complacent satisfaction.
Tne representatives oi the San Francisco '
Assembly districts had gathered in re
sponse to a call by some rash Democrats
for a conference as to the manner in which
the patrocage in the hands of the newly
elected Democratic officials should be dis- j
tributed. It was apparent long before the |
meeting opened that the gentlemen were j
laboring under the alarming disadvant
age of being without the beneht of the j
presence and the wisdom of Samuel Rainey
unci Gavin McNab. Because Mr. Rainey |
and Mr. McNab had a little misunder- |
standing before the election as to which .
fchouid manage the Democracy in the in- i
tere^t of purity and reform neither gentle- I
man attended. There would have been a
n;arked chill in the air of the room had
they both appeared, and there is no doubt
That «>ach remained away out of a delicate
feeling for the sensioilities of the other.
There were some sixty or seventy in the
room when Chairman W. P. Sullivan j
called the meeting to order, and an
nounced formally that the conference had i
been called for the purpose ot arriving sit
fome mode "of distributing the places that
maybe placed at our disposal."
"The report was," continued Mr. Sulli
van, "that the newly elected officers pro
pose to recognize this organization."
The chairman paused, and a dead silence
followed. The smokers became very much \
interested in the blue clouds that wound !
Jazily from their Cuba Libre ciears and i
flattened against the ceiling, waving liKe J
cobwebs touched by a zephyr.
But never a man spake a word. The near- j
est approach to an expression of senti- j
mem was a smile on the lace of several
delpgates.
•'Don't be smiling," pleaded the chair,
"Let some one make a sticgestion."
Silence followed again. The cigar
smoke grew denser and almost obscured
the heroic figure of Representative
Kiordan, who was a Democrat when Noah
built the arc and who will be one when
Mr. Macauley's New Zealand prizefighter
will box ten rounds on London bridge.
Finally the stillness was broken by a
deep voice.
"I move we adjourn."
The chairman became alarmed and
glanced appealinely over to Mr. Hassett.
But Mr. Hassett seemed to be coy and
undecided, for he neither moved nor
spoke.
"Oh, no: we can't do that," said the
chair. "We've got to do something, gen
tlemen, if only to make.* bluff at it."
Mr. Hassett took the cue, and walked
up to the platform with a piece of paper
in his hand. "Well, Mr. Chairman, "he
said, "I offer this resolution."
The resolution was to the effect that a
committee of three be selected by the
meeting to confer with the Board of Su
pervisors and other newly elected officers
at the earliest possible day, not later than
Tuesday evening next, to ascertain in
■what manner ami In what proportion the
patronage of the party should be appor
tioncJ.
"I« there a second to that resolution?"
inquirpd the chair. "Some of those gen
tlemen who were «o vociferous in their
npjilause when Mr. Hasjett came forward
otieh: to second that resolution."
The delicate bit of sarcasm failed to
sting. There was nothing in the resolu
tion about Sam, and it would have been
NEW TO-DAT.
Woman's
Realm.
MAKE THE HOME A
BLESSING.
The Love of Children is Innate la
the Heart of every True Man and
Woman.
All that is beautiful and lovely in wo-
man, finds its climax in motherhood.
} low often we find among our American
women that longing for the prattling
voice, the idol of their waiting hearts.
It is a natural instinct, this yearning of
the heart for offspring; yet the wife hesi-
tates to talk with the family physician j
on this delicate subject. A good way to
<lo is to send for a medical lx>ok on
1 • Woman and Her Diseases, " ( 168 pages) j
sent, sealed in a. plain envelope, on receipt
of io cents in stamps, for postage, if you j
address the World's Dispensary Medical !
Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
The reflections of a married woman |
are not pleasant if she be delicate, run- j
down, or debilitated. She feels "played j
out." Her smile and her good spirits !
have taken flight. It worries her hus-
band as well as herself.
This is the time to build up her
strength and cure those weaknesses or j
ailments which are the cause of her \
trouble. Dr. Tierce's Favorite Prescrip- j
tion regulates and promotes all the pro- j
per functions of womanhood, improves
ttigestion, enriches the blood, dispels
aches and pains, melancholy and nerv-
ousness, brings refreshing sleep, and re-
stores perfect health and strength.
It's a safe remedial agent, an invigor-
ating tonic and nervine which cures all
those disorders, weaknesses and derange-
xuents incident to womanhood.
high treason lor any one to think of ask
ing the newly elected officers anything
whatever about patronage.
Mr. Sullivan exercised his greatest
powers of persuasion. "Second it in
order to brin« it before the house for dis
cussion and consideration," he urged.
"I second that," called out some one, so
hastily that only those sitting next him
were aware of his identity.
"All in favor oi the adoption of this
resolution, give assent by saying I."
Not even a dull thud followed the in
vitation.
'•Tho*e opposed, say no."
Three faint half-hearted noes went up.
It was evident that the meeting was not
prepared to beard Mr. Kainey even in his
absence.
Then on the urgent appeal of the chair
Mr. Hassett, the rash, desperate man who
had introduced the resolution, arose and
said :
"It has always been understood In the
party that any of the patronage we may
succeed in securing at the election would
be divided among the districts. I under
stand from such members of the Board of
Supervisors as I have interviewed that
that is their disposition, and it is the con
sensus of opinion that this should be
done."
The chair put the vote again, but the
voices in response were so weak that he
called for a risinc vote. Hassett nnd
Kiordan were the only ayes and there
were five noes, headed by John Foley and
John Ryan.
"Then this conference is adjourned,"
announced the chairman, putting on his
hat.
It is expected that the silent conference
will talk Joud enough about January 5,
Kainey or no Rainey.
MUSICAL CLUBS GO SOUTH.
Glee, Mandolin nnd Ifanjo Clubs From
the State Inlversily Will Leave
To-Day On an Extended Tour.
BERKELEY, Cal., D*ec. 2(3.— The largest
and probably the best musical combina
tion ever put out of the University of
California will leave Berkeley to-morrow
for Southern California on a two- weeks'
concert tour. i'orty-live college men,
making up the Glee, tin Mandolin and
the Banjo clubs, will form the party.
They will visit nearly all (he towns of
importance in the southern part of the
State, including Santa Barbara, Santa
Paula, Ventura, Pnsadena, Santa Monica,
Los Angeles, San Diego, Riverside ana
Bants Ana. At almost every town the
iriends of the university have arranged to
entertain the young collegians with par
ties and receptions.
This will be the first tour ever attempted
by the three-named clubs together, and
the entire list of forty-five makes up the
largest aggregation of concert tourists
that ever left the university on such a
long trip. Each year the glee club has
made it a practice to take an extended
tour during the Christmas vacation, but
at no time hitherto have more than twen
ty-tive men been in the party. Last year
they went to Oregon and Washington for
several weeks, and some of the club went
even as far as Alaska. A long trip South
has not been attempted for three years on
account of the loss incurred on the last
one. They expect to be more successful
this time, however, and to insure good
houses they will vary the performances
with music by the three clubs rather tiian
one as heretofore.
Manager Frank P. Taylor of the glee
club left to-day for Los Angeles to make
the final arrangements for the concerts.
Following is the personnel of the three
organizations:
Glee club— B. G. Somers, director; F. T. Tay
lor, manager; first tenors— C. K. Morse, C \
Elston, A. T. Smith, 11. Belding; second ten
ors— F. P. Taylor, F. s. Knight, H. s. Bymmes,
J. Hamilton; first bass— G. H. Whipple, f«. L.
Kawliugs. U. T. Wedemeyer, W. H. Smith; sec
ond bass— D. Ilutchiuson. F. L. Argall, 11. Wil
bur, W. Foster: accompanist, Kay Hanna.
Banjo club— C. R. Morse, director ami man
ager; first banjos— C. X Morse, H. L. Sadler,
11. Uurr; second banjos— F. S. Knight, F. L.
ArgaU, J. Hamilton ; guitHrs— T. A. Smith X
Belding, C. A. Klston. J. W. Ely, O. T. Wede
lneyer, F. Blanchard.
Mandolin club— C R. Morse, director; F. P.
Thomas, manager; first mandolins— C. R.
Morse, F. White, F. Thomas, J. Baird; second
mandolin. Will Ede; guitars— J. W. Eiy, F.
Blanchard, H. Belding.
COMUS CLUB CONQUERS.
Vanquishes the Crocker Football Team
by a Score of 8 to O.
The football match between the Comus
and the Crocker teams on Friday resulted
in th« victory of the former aggregation.
The game was played at Central Park,
and the luck was with the Comus boys
throughout, except at the beginning of
the second half, when the Crockers made
a hard tight.
For the Crockers, Thrasher, left cml,
and Evans, left half, especially distin
guished themselves, while for the Comus
long runs were made by Redd/, left
guard, and Fisher, left tackle.
The line-up was:
Comns. Position. Crockers.
N. Thompson K. K. L. Thrasher
Atkinson K. T. L HubbarU
Jones K. «. L. O'Cotinell
Lowe. c Ke tiug
Keddy L. (?. R Stroccher
Fisher ....UT. R Crack ton
G. Thompson L E. R Schultie
Lamon m Hannah
Varu«y L. 11. R Wilson
Deitrick R. li. L Evans
Helen ....F..' Kutil
THE NEW GRAND JURY.
Impaneled Yesterday Morning With
Kaphael I'rixotto as Foreman.
The new Grand Jury was impaneled
yesterday morning by Judge Slack. The
following citizens compose the jury:
Raphael Peixotto, IG2G Butter street; Wil
liam Lutz, 20."> Sansoine; M. F. Fragley, 1210
Valencia; H. W. Westphal, 212 (Jlay; R. B.
Kittredge, California and )>avis; H. W. Han
nermariii, 427 Geary; John C. Xobmann, 202!)
Fillmore: .iiunes Fogarty, tiOG fillmore; W.
M. Jirunt, 52.J Clay; A. h. I'iper, 14 Clay; &
W. Backus, California Hotel; Loui* S. Knst,
1112 Guerrero; Patrick Aherne, 744 Twen
tieth; Owen E. Brady, Twenty-fourth and San
Jose avenue; Ed C. Kalben, 1407 Eddy; Ru
dolph Mohr, Flood buildiog; James W. Cud
worth, 2018 Union; A. E. Buckingham, U22
California; A. S. liubbard, 1912 l'ierce.
Judge Slack appointed Kaphael Peixotto
foreman of the jury and then delivered a
formal charge. The jury then retired to
rooms set apart for tliem, aid after elect
ing William Lutz secretary and M. F.
Fragley sergeant-at-arms adjourned. Fore
man Peixotto is the son of Edgar D. Peix
otto, Assistant District Attorney.
Santa Clau* Wai Doubted.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 2*s.— There was a
lively scene in Kahn's drygoods store to
night. Earl Htimpson, son of a doctor, is
employed at the store and yesterday his
father gave him $5 as a present. To-day
young Stimpson asKed the cashier io
change it ana he was at once suspected of
stealing it. The lad was terribly grieved
and ran home to his father. Dr. Stimpson
came to the store, met Mr. Kahn and for a
few minutes things were considerably
mixed.
ENDED WITH A BULLET.
Otto G. Henner Died Among the Deer
in Golden Gate I'ark.
The bodj* of a fairly wsll-dressed man
was found in the west end of the deer
park at Golden Gate Park yesterday morn
ing. Near by was a revolver. A closer
inspection showed an ugly bullet wound
in the dead man's head, nnd one of the
chambers of the weapon recently emptied.
These showed that another had tired of
the world, and taken the revolver route to
end his troubles. In the man's pocket
was the following letter:
December 26, 1896.
To the Coroner— Dear Sir: Money come toen
end, health poor. ergo, suicide. Pleas-e notify
the Imperial German Consulate. Urspeci
fully. Otto g. Henskr.
The body was removed to the Morgue,
and notice sent to the German Consulate,
but no one there knew anything of Hen
ser.
• — ♦— • •
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market it., B, R *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
DR. K. KUROZAWA, the First Japanese Physician With a
Japanese Degree Who Practices and Has Established a
College of Medicine in This Gty.
JOHNSTON'S CHECKS
WERE VERY SHY
A Transaction in Which
Merchants Proved Cau
tious.
Why Large Consignments Were
Intercepted on the Steamer
Protection.
The Samuel M J hnston Company
Dissolved and Vanished With the
Sudden Discovery.
In certain mercantile circles there have
been considerable speculation and com
ment over the last transaction of the
Samuel M. Johnston Company, throueh
which the company went to pieces in a re
markable hurry. The Johnston concern
was engaged in commission business, with
offices at 421 Market street, but two weeks
ago, at 4 o'clock on a Saturday afternoon,
the offices were vacated. The furniture
and littings were movod ot t "in a hurry,"
as the janitor of the building said, and no
notice was left behind to inform people
having dealings with the company whither
it had taken itself.
Inquiry at the building was met with
the unsatisfactory response, "Don't know
anything about them. Many people have
calledhere looking for information, but
nobody seems to know where ihe com
pany went. No address was left. The
company got out of here suddenly Satur
day ufternoon."
The last deal of the concern involved
about $3000, but it was not a successful
one, and it practically put an end to John
ston's business ventures. About Decem
ber 1 the Johnston Company ordered
merchandise from different local houses
amounting in the aggregate, so far as
could be learned, to |3000.
The merchandise was for Bay City, Or.,
and the vnlue of the goods shipped on the
steamer Proteclion December 12 was
about $2200. But they never reached their
destination, for the developments of a day
or two after the gooas left port on the
steamer were of such a nature that
stopped delivery, When the Protection
put 1.1 at Hobsonville, Or., there were
verious dispatches from San Francisco in
tercepting the property and instructing
the purser to hold it at Bay City pending
further directions from the slnppe r s.
One of the heaviest shippers was Till
mnnn it Benriel, the wholesale grocers,
whose manager explained the transaction
yesterday.
"Mr. Johnston came to us," said he,
"with an order for goods. He stated that
the goods were for a lumber-iaiil, and he
wouid call with a check for payment the
day after the steamer sailed. The check
did not come that day, nor the next day,
and we telegraphed to hold the goods.
Johnston made some arrangement with
Charles Kimbail, who started a lumber
mill at Bay City, so we were given to
understand. Kimbail was to ship lumber
to this City, and in 'return Johnston was to
supply him with supplies for his store.
Johnston gave out that the goods were
wanted at once, and tie could not possibly
have money until at best the day after the
Protection sailed. Then, he said, he would
come with a check, and so the eoods were
for cash.
"We learned subsequently that other
house-" had tilled orders for the Johnston
company, but these transactions all ended
alike.' 1
The Samuel M. Johnston Company was
incorporated in January, 1892, and among
its directors were S. \V. Fuller, furniture
manufacturer, and E. D. Shattuck, the
Front-street merchant, who took one
share each of $50.
It did not do any business worth while
and went by the board. Meanwhile John
bton, the chief member, engaged in com
mission business on iiis own account,
doing business under his own name.
About four months ago he revived the
corporation, though the two prominent
men named took no part in its proceed
ings, of which they had no knowledge.
Offices were taken at 421 Market street,
and the concern was ready for business as
manufacturers' agent on a pretentious
scale. Things went along until the recent
deal with the Bay City people. Then
creditors in town sought for information
from the mercantile agencies, and as the
result they refused to deliver goods
shipped to Oiegon.
Johnston had an interview with the
manager of Wells. Fargo &, Co.'s Barm a
few weeks since. He explained that one
member of the company. E. P. Rowe, had
taken 4000 shares and that be himself had
6000 shares. Rowe, he added, was daily
expecting $10,UO0 from the East as money
due in some kind ot a family legacy or the
like.
These representations] appeared satis
factory and a bankbook was given to the
company. The bank, however, made an
investigation on its own account, and the
Johnston Company made no deposits, nor
secured any accommodation from the
bank.
Some time ago Johnston was engaged in
the insurance business and became in
volved, and the heaviest loser was Brown,
Craig & Co., who still hold claims for
something like $3000. The merchants
who shipped goods ordered by Johnston
to Bay City were deeply annoyed over the
manner in which they had been put to so
much inconvenience and loss, but could
get no satisfaction beyond the mere
thougnt that they had saved themselves
to the extent of a Jew thousand dollars.
TRINTING-HOUSE FIRE.
Fireman Md'abf, Who Was Hurt at the
Francis- Valentine Hlazo, Metier.
Fire Marshal To«ve and Captain Corn
stock of the Fire Patrol have made an
investigation into the Francis- Vulentine
Company fire at 510 Commercial street on
Christmas day. They are satisfied that
the big blaze was caused by the spontan
eous combustion of a pile oi rubbish in
the printing office. The boilers and
furnaces are located under the floor and
it is believed that the heat from these
did much toward starting the blaze.
The injured fireman, Peter McCabe, 'was
examined carefully yesterday morning by
Dr. Morse and other physicians at the
German Hospital. They found that
while no bones were broken, the man had
sustained severe concussion of the brain
and spine, with contusions and lacera
tions innumerable. There were also in
dications that some internal trouble was
present but its extent was not determin
able. As lar as could be ascertained there
was no fracture of the skull. All in all,
the man seemed much better and the
doctors entertained strong hopes of his
ultimate recovery.
Fell Into au|Elevator.
Miss Alice Myer of 019 Post street fell from an
elevator in the Hotel Urosvenor yesterday aft
ernoon. When found she was uncunscious and
suffering from concussion o; the brain. The
elevator door Had been left open by some over
sight and the young iady thought ghe was
stepping into the elevator.
rill mi ore Improvement Club.
There will be a meeting of the Flllmore !
street Improvement Cluo to-morrow evening I
at Franklin Hall, on I'illraore street, near
Busti. Tlie following names nave been added
to the subscription list of the club: A. Wolle,
estate of J. lvancovlch and George .Brown
stein.
♦— ♦ — •
TRICKS WITH THE KINETOSCOPE
Effects Produced by Reversing the
Film and Varying the Motion.
An odd experiment with the kinetoscope
took place not long ago in Boston. The
subject was a man eating dinner, and the
fi I in, prepared especially for the occasion,
was of unusual length, so that the whole
perlormance could be recorded. The man
entered the room and, seating himself at !
a table, proceeded to cut up the food. The j
motion of the fork from the plate to his j
lips was carefully recorded until the last |
morsel of food had vanished. Then he I
arose and walked out of the room, leaving
nothing on the table but bare dishes. The j
series of pictures was fien reversed. It I
showed the man entering the room back- !
ward. He sat down at the table at. which j
there was nothing but bare dishes and j
proceeded to extract food from his lips J
until he had filled the potato dish with
potatoes and gradually put a steak ■ to
gether on the platter bejore him. Then
he camiy backed out of the room, and the
waiter uid likewise with the meal that the
man had apparently created.'
Exhibitors of the cinematograph and
biograph, and.all the other ''graphs" and
'•scopes" of the same family are missing a
i.oint nere in New York which, if prop
erly brought out, would prove to be an
interesting part of t!ie performance. The
principle of these machines affords scope
for a great deal of novelty, especially
when the ribbon or long lilm is reversed
and made to run backward, or - when the
pictures are produced at varying speeds.
In the case of the phonograph little j
amusement is afforded by reversing the;
cylinder, as the result is a conglomeration !
of disconnected syllables,; but with the I
kinetoscope, a variety of speeds, from very j
fast to very slow, will give interesting re
suits. TaKe, lor example, the picture of
Niagara Falls, where the foam is seen to
rise from the .water as it falls into the pool
below. Here the water would ascend and
run back smoothly over the brink and dis
appear in the distance — a bewildering
effect.
Still another novelty might be produced
with the picture of the Empire ritate Ex
press, which is seen to approach and pass
at the rate of nearly sixty* miles an hour, i
It probably never ran backward as last as !
that, but it could be made to do so on
canvas. The last car would appear first
in the picture, and finally the engine, the
whole train' vanishing a mile or so down
the track, where, in the true picture, it '
first ca/ne into view. In a like. manner i
the sound-money parade might be turned j
into a farce, ior la re the men would be I
seen actually walking backward. ,'
The biograph, cinematograph and other |
machines of that nature merely - show '
kinetoscope. pictures enlarged by means
of I a stereopticon > lens. All the pictures
shown in the theaters are of moving ob
jects taken while the machine itself is at
rest, but a doable effect may be produced
by having the machine move, too. A
good example of this double effect could
be made by placing the machine on the
front of a Broadway cable-car and making
a trip of several blocks r dov n Broadway ;
or, better" still, by taking the curves at
Fourteenth st. This picture thrown on a
screen in a darkened theater while some
one shouted "Hold fast" would make a
scene familiar to every New Yorker, as
the view, looking through the front win
dow of the car, would be, naturally " de
picted. It is probable that cinemato
graph and biograph operators have re
frained from these amusing exhibitions,
a? the effect would not be readily unaer
sjtood ana some time would be required to
explain the reason for it.— New York Sun.
•—• — ♦ — «
, The Yellow River is styled the "Sorrow
of China." During the last century it has
changed its course twenty-one times, and
now flows into, the sea through a mouth
300 miles distant from that of 100 years
ago. ■ <*-~C\ .'; ■: • ' ".:; - : ■■
Acction- Diamonds, Watches and Jewelry. One
week only. Vacate Jan. Ist. 6 ana 7 Third street.
DEBRIS FILLING
THE CABLE SLOTS
Street Sweepers Who Have
Grown Expert in Their
Business.
Market-Street Company Will Ad
dress the Merchants' Asso
ciation.
Quantities of Sweepings That Never
Reach the Boxes Provided by
the Merchants,
The authorities of the Market-Street
Railway Company have recently made a
discovery that will probably result in a
vigorous protest being filed with the Mer
chants' Association within a short time.
The company finds that the slot of its
cabie road on the lower part of Market
street is rapidly being fined with the
debris of the thoroughfare through the
operations of the men who clean the
streets and that it will be necessary within
a short time to clean out, the chamber in
which the cable runs, though no such
operation should be necessary for several
months to come.
The company attaches no blame what
ever to the association, believing that its
officers are unaware of the grounds of the
complaint, but they will De asked to have
the sweepers instructed to do less sweep
ing on the space Letween the rails and
more in places where the debris is less
likely to fall into the slot.
One of the employes of the road, who
keeps a watchful eye on the tracks, says
that the amount of sweepings dropped
into the slot is twice as large on the lower
part of Market street as it was under the
old system and that it will cost the com
pany considerable money to remove the
debris.
"Tuesemen have become experts," he
said, "and I have been watching them
lately to see just how far they will carry
the little game. Of course the space be
tween the rails is the smoothest place to
sweep and the men choose to use it.
"They sweep from both sides until they
have a respectable pile over the slot and
then they start down the block toward
the nearest Dox, into which they intend to
dump the stulf. The debris is well broken
up before they start and the larger por
tion noes into the slot.
'•You would suppose that the pile wou'd
increase as the distance it was swept
lengthened, but I Uave actually seen a
diminish to half its original size in going
a quarter of a block, ana sometimes one
shovelful would cover all that was placed
in the box.
"The men have learned to flirt the dirt
sidewise, so that it runs in a line rijjht
over the slot, and half of the labor is
saved for the sweepers, but work is made
for the company's employes. It is a
tedious job for men to drag the:r soaping
irons under the cable and then hoist the
dirt up to- the level of the street, and it
takes a gang of laborers several days to
clean out the slot from where the sweepers
begin uptown to the ferries.
"i shail make a report to the company
shortly, and 1 suppose the matter will be
called to tiie attention of the Merchants'
Association."
AN AERIAL TORPEDO
Will Be Floated Over an Enemy and
Drop a Charge of Dynamite.
The torpedo consists of a small-sized
gas-filled balloon, capable of sustaining
for any length of time from thirty to forty
pounds at an elevation of from 500 to 1000
feet above tlie earth. Inside of the lower
or small end of tlie balloon is placed a
metal cylinder, which contains an elec
trical device, the purpose of which is to
ignite the cas in the balloon at any stated
period. Underneath the balloon is sus
pended a case or basket containing a high
explosive similar to dynamite, which ex
plodes with terrific force when striking a
hard substance like the earth or walled
embankments. In action the management
of the torpedo is described as very easy !
and simple, the inventor stating that a j
corporal's guard can with it accomplish
what would require a large force to do by
the usual methods now employed in the
siege of cities or the scattering of large
bodies of troops. The torpedo completeis :
small ana compact, and a large number [
can be carried by a few men or a pack i
animal.
The gas to inflate the balloon is carried
NEW TO-DAY.
116 KERSEY JACKETS,
CHAMELEON TAFFETA SILK-LINED,
Worth $25,
WILL BE SOLD TO-MORROW (Monday) FOR
*sAr (M 0 Rfl
t&^arsHßr t^ 1 m §if ill
jSp *Mk lln I %% m mmmm
;\p£2^/ To-morrow we will
y^¥^^fllll^^^\, se " 116 Elegant Ker-
I f (/A ' I!k2^% (I se y Jackets worth'
v Zk\\ iiiiil^J $25 each ' ; for : $12 - 50 -
\l'll Ft 7 The leadin * - style of
lif m "hjL if this season (like cut),.,
I >i{ : It. ' ■"'^ 'M-7 ,-•"■ 'fine tailor hand-made'
1 &' \^Jsf work. This is a won-
I* jfcJßjiiiiiiMj'iiiTiiwiT^i der for
TWELVE AND %o DOLLARS.
The price Monday. Quality is the finest imported high-
finished Kerseys — light tans and greens, all lined
with heavy fine chameleon taffeta silk, all sizes. Sale be-
gins at 9A. — only one to each customer. 25 Jackets re-
served for the first 25 country orders. Jackets guaranteed
to be absolutely as advertised. Watch our windows. It will
pay you. ;
KELLY & LIEBES' l™ y i
H NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOOD"*.
HOLIDAY
GOODS!
We beg to inform our customers
that commencing Monday, December
28th, we will offer the following
SPECIAL VALUES.
125 dozen LADIES* FANCY /> - rpflfh
LAWN APRONS C
200 dozen 4-Button FRENCH dj ¥ nair
KID GLOVES gJJSS? idered . - *P l - UU pair
175 dozen LADIES' EMBROID- - » r .
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS.. C "
20 dozen EXTRA SIZE CRO- $ f nr| h
CHET SHAWLS „. Jl.OCJeacli
100 dozen LADIES' SANI-
TARY wool yes t s d; ¥ nri each
AND DRAWERS LOO each
6 dozen LADIES' FEATHER £ nn each
COLLARETTES ........ 3*3 -UU eacn
TELEPHONE CKR-A-NT 124.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. .
in light or metal cylinders, enouch being
compressed in one cylinder to inflate a
large number of aerial torpedoes. To use ]
the aerial torpedo effectively all that is
necessary is to approuch as near as possi
ble the locality where the torpedo is de
sired to take effect, and to ascertain the
direction of the lower air current and the
velocity of the same per hour. The length
of time it would take for the air current to
carry the torpedo over the objective poitit
can thus be ascertained, and the electrical
device set at the proper hour or minute.
The balloon part is then inflated, the tor
pedo released, and the air current will
convey the torpedo to the point desired.
As soon as the time has expired as set in
the electrical device an electric spark will
ignite the gas in the balloon, causing it to
explode, when the torpedo will drop to
earth. The explosive striking the earth
or any hard substance wiil cause serious
damage in that locality. In the siege of
cities this aerial torpedo, th" inventor be
jieves, will be especially effective, as no
defense can he maue asrHinst it, and it can
be used in the night as weil as by day, and i
by a few men of ordinary intelligence.— I
London Electrical News.
The number of smacks employed in
deep-sea fishing in the North Sea is over
5000. They iish in fleets of 150 vessels.
Over 20,000 men are employed in this fish
ery alone, and they remain at sea never
less than two months at a time.
I BIGGER
BARGAINS
THAN BEFORE.
I«" Moving Into our new build- v*
!II Injjr doesn't mean bigger
IT prices; not at all. We A
| Iv moved because we had out-
M grown the .old store. ry
j It was SMALL prices made
I us BlG— so big that we are P
•T now forced to occupy the
' entire 6 stories and base- 2
I U merit of an Immense build-
1 D Ing, where our prices will T
*^ be still LOWER than they
1 E have ever been. 5
SOME PRICKS TO PROVE IT.
' Shakespeare Center Tnole. 18x18. Remark- CAC
j able value for the price «_)U
i Solid Oak Dininz Chair, braced arm, cane ir c
seat, carved Duck t »J
Handsome Cobbler-seat I*o; ker In An £}-
birch, with arms and high back.... «Jp — . — O
' Four-room Out complete parlor. ffl» T X A/i
din ng-room, bedroom and kitchen «JP • O.\J\J
Stylish Saddlo seat Rocker, with bold CJT C~)~
relief carving tJD-1. — O
I Willow Rocker of novel and artistic de- (Jj() r\fi
sign, a little beauty r]p-..v/\J
Ladies' Writing Desk of solid oak, ffi» A QX
equally pretty for parlor or library. «Jptt. DO
Bedroom set of 7 pieces— Bed. Bureau,
Washstana, '& Chairs, Rocker and ©17 ,•: A
Taule «jpl I .O\J
Goods Sold on Easy Payments All Over
the Coast.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
OPEN EVENINGS.
233,235,237 POST STREET,
NEAR STOCKTON.
IOIE BETTER IB
THAN THE ,i ."'■ V
J. M. L. '>!
vJ ■ 1V1« 1— i« #^V
WHISKEY, ■
Put Up Specially for /%ii S >p#m
r M,' t iri7^' : 'i i
ASK FOR IT. PjK&wfiP
: JESSE M-LEVYj^^p!
CONTROLLERS, j^wMßl
506 MARKETST.. p||if|gp
San Francisco, ~^^^^mmmiiita^^f^^
REMOVAL NOTICE.
r»TFRCE '■•* CO. GENERAL WESTERN
Hotel. Tel. soutli 103.THE SPOONER COLLECTION AT THE INSTITUTE OF ART
«i c collection of paintings that was ]
1 :o the Art Association by Miss
M. Spooner ot Boston a short time '
a receiving more anil more adnnira- j
- the days by. Bui the twenty-!
moderate-sized oil paintings are ;
iy of all tho {.raise that can be be- j
on them, for every one is a eem. j
ere is not even a mediocre picture in \
ie collection, and a number of them can j
well be placed undei the head of master
pieces.
the present the pictures have been
ia'-:e--. ironi the main gallery of the Hop
iina Institute and placed in the billiard
. wnere ti.ey do not show to the best
n (vantage, but even here they draw
crowds of admirers all day long. The
pictures had to be moved temporarily on
account of the winter exhibition, but as
soon as that is over they will be returned
• ir former position.
Miss Spooner's collection comprises the
1 ing pictures and, as will be seen,
are all by famous artists, a lew of them
being world-renowned:
'Fishing Boats," Harry Chase; "Calm,"
P. J. Clays; "Soldier on Horseback," T.
Chelmonski; "Landscape with Sheep,"
A. Mauve; "An Eastern Scene," A. Pasini;
"Discussing thel>eed," Max Jnife; "Fancy
Head," Gamba; "Boulogne," T. Weber;
"Return to t lie Barn," C. Jacques; "Church
Procession," Jose Gallegos; ''Preparing
for Market," A. Alontemezzo; "Game of
Chess," Franz Dury ; "Landscape," M.
B okt-r: "A Windy I'ay," Kmile Vernier;
Mirerior," Pittz; "The Charge,"
Perboyne; "The Collection of Bric-a
brar.' F. Rcybet; "Arabs on Horseback,"
A..D. Schreyer.
frich a collection of highly meritorious
T^ks cannot be duplicated on the Pacific
ist. To be sure there are larger collec
tions, with larger and more valuable pic
;ti:res, but in all of them there can be
1 works of a low standard. In fact
. few collections there are works that
.. -t be called bad. In Miss Spooner's
•. ct:on there is not a smgle work that
i;;er,dsthe artistic eye. There are exam
f all the great schools of painting
■ oi a wide range of subjects — land
&-C3]ie, marine, figure, genre, portraiture
SAN FRANCISCO LADIES WHO PRIDE THEMSELVES ON BEING CRACK RIFLE SHOTS
TLe records made by those of our Cali-
fornia riflemen who have taken part in
Eastern and European shooting tourna
ta have been such as to make our
£iate deservedly proud of her marksmen.
■<>n every occasion when our various shoot
ing ciubs have sent representatives to
compete with members of organizations
le oi:r borders our men have met
"with almost phenomenal success and have
came back to us laden with honors and
■ ing with them prizes and medals al
innumerabie. Many of our staid
elderly citizens siiil remember, with a
g'ow of pride and pleasure, the wild en
thusiasm with which in the younger days
they assisted in welcoming Philo Jacoby
from his triumphal trips across the
Atlantic, and later Strecker, Utschig, Me-
Laughlin, Ehrenpfort, Helm and others
have won fame and honors in friendly
contests with rival champions both at
home and abroad.
There is one California club, however,
which has never sent a champion outside
•ate, although its members have done
v. '-k excellent enough to entitle them to
far n;ore :han merely local fame. This
nation, which is composed entirely
of ladies and is generally known as lhe
"Ladies' Rifle Qlub," although its correct
- ttic Ladies' California Schuetzen
baß been an established fact for
tiiree years, and has aided much to the
irteres: of the Schuetzen Park meetings
during that time. The club owes its ex
istence mainly to the efforts of the veteran
champion, Jacoby, who, although he has
now virtually retired from the field quite
content to rest upon the laurels which he
won ir. the past, still feels a vitkl interest
in ali that pertaias to his favorite sport.
That a practical knowledge oi the art of
.iv, caring for and using a rifle is
; bt only useful to a woman in case oi wars
r riois, but is aiso of great service to her
in strengthening and steadying her nerves,
developing the judgment, educating the
eye and training the muscles to patient
endurance and instant obedience is this
enthusiast's firm belief, and it is a belief
that is shared by many others.
It was nor iliiiicult to interest a nuralw
o! ladies in the new idea, and as lh« rifle
men were gallant enougn to extend to
Uiem a gonerous and hearty welcome, to
gether with promises welt kept of all
equisitfl assistance and instruction, the
w dies' branch was soon organized, with
f- . Fred Schumann as its first president.
»' iring the initial year of the club's ex
• nee only those Indies who were fortu
nate enoueb to own for a near relative
Jine member of the men's Schuetzen
;ip were allowed the privilece of mem
ership, but later this rule was modified,
and any litdy who was otherwise eiigible
was admitted upon her own merit*.
Being, as it is, an annex to the California
and still life — beautiful bits selected from
ail parts of the world.
There are pictures in brilliant colors and
pictures in cold grays. There are bright
subjects and pathetic subjects, all most
admirably selected so that they harmon
ize perfectly.
The picture by Charles Jacques, "The
Return to the Barn," is as fine an example
oi that famous artist's work as can be
1 Schuetzen Club, the ladies 1 club i"»
i formed upon the same general lines
j and governed by substantially the
; iame rules as that oganizution. The
officers are: President, vice-president,
1 secretary and treasurer, and two shooting
; mistresses, whose business it is to over
i see the shooting and the scores, an<J act as
: umpires if occasion arises. There are
■ three classes, champion, tirst and second,
1 and each new member is given a trial of
i three months before being resularly as
signed to either. A score of 110 or over
made three times In succession gives ad
mission to the champion class, three suc
i cessive scores of 100 or over are necessary
to gain a position in the first class and
anything under 100 relegates the new
i aspirant for shooting honors to a place in
I the second, or lowest, class, from which
! she can work her way upward as her aim
; improves.
There are twelve regular shoots held
| each year, and at each of these meetings
every member is allowed to make five
i shots, tiifl target being the ordinary "iin;>
I target," placed at 200 yards distance. The
• lady who makes the best .-core at any
: meeting is entitled to the possession of
j her clas-i medtil lor the ensuing' month,
| and she who carries this trophy nway
j from the grounds seven times during the
twelve months is invested with Us abso
! lute ownership at the close of the year.
Prize shoots are held in April and August
of each year, and ricn and elegant prizes
iof silverware, jewelry and household
I adornment are eagerly competed for by
! the fair rifievvomen. As a general thing
i the feminine sharpshooters, because of
■ the weight of the guns used, employ what
! is technically termed the "double rest"
| when shooting, but some of the ladies
I have risen superior to this method and
; have succeeded in doing very creditable
| work more nearly on the plane of their
masculine comrades In arms. The lady
I whose record for the past three years
j has placed her at the head of
i the club's champion class is its
I youngest member. Miss Lizzie Utscbig,
second daughter of tiie noted marksman,
John Utschig of American and European
i fame. Miss Ctschig is unquestionably the
i best feminine rifle shot in the State at the
i present time. Her rest-shooting is uni
; formly exe.llcnt and she has bes.des spe
i ciaiiy distinguished herself as an '-off
hand" shooter, notably at the Santa Cruz
■ Turners' fes;ival, where an exhibi:ion of
j her proven in this difficult line, although
given at a disadvantage, as she was
obliged to use her father's heavy and un
familiar gun, won her valuible prizes and
the highest praise. The diamond cham-
I pion medal lor 1806 has recently passed
j into the pos-ession of this clever Jittle
j lady, who although very slight and deli-
I cate i:i appearance handles her gun — a 12
! pounder and tier especial property— wiln ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY* DECEMBER 27, 1896.
found in the United States. In fact it is
exceptionally characteristic of Jacques,
both in subject and treatment. The scene
is in a French barnyard into which a door
opens from the dwelling - house. The
sheep have been in the field all day, and
row when the sun is sinking have re
turned before being locked up for the
night. They have stopped a moment, and
a little child, reaching out of the door of
the precision and apparent ease of a
sturdy veteran.
Mrs. Utschig, former vice-president of
! the club, who stands very near her daugh
ter in friendly rivalry, won the diamond
: champion medal for 1835, and has made
: high scores throughout the entire period
I of her membership. In 18! M Miss Utschig
I won the diamond, pearl and emerald
j bracelet put up by James Stanton as a
I prize for the best three months' record for
the dwelling, is trying to p!ny with them.
It is a pleasing scene, painted as only
Jacques ever painted such a subject. The
drawing is perfect and the color is pure
and ricn, but at the same time subdued
and quiet. The feeling in this picture is
almost beyond belief. One reaily feels
when looking nt it as if they are In far
away France, and momentarily expects to
hear the sounds of the quaint old barn
yard. The effect of the sunlight of tho
declining day is wonderful.
There is another sheep p'cture of the
French school in the collection. It is by
A.. Mauve, one of the most famous of
modern painters, and the picture does
that year; and In 1805 Mrs. Utschig, by a
score of 116, won a ruby bracelet given by
the same trentleman for the best score
made during the entire twelve months of
that term, Miss Lizzie's highest score for
that j'ear being 115. The second-class
medai for the same year was won by Mrs.
Ileuter, the elder daughter of the Utschig
family.
Mrs. J, H. Fisher Jr., who was unan
imously elected president of the club for
him justice in every way. It is simply
entitled "Landscape with Sheep," which
is, i'erh:ip-, as good a name as can be
found for it, for the picture is really a
transcript from nature. The landscape is
very simple — only one of the beautiful
gray-green hillsides of Franc? with a few
gnarled and twisted trees. The sheep are
close to the foreground and the shepherd
occupies a place in the middle distance.
Every object keeps its place in the most
pleasing manner. The color of this
pictura is a trifle cold, but it is absolutely
true to nature.
There are four superb marine pictures
in tiiis collection. The most important of
its second year, dil much to advance its
interests and increase its pri stige. Her
gentle dignity, clear judgment and strict
impartiality, combined with her win nine
and eracious personality, peculiarly fitted
her to occupy the i rominent and respon
sible position to which sue was called, and
she li 1 led it with honor to herself and to
the highest satisfaction of her fellow
members. Mrs. Fisher isone of the club's
first-class shots, and, having excellent
these is by the famous French painter,
Emile Vernier. It is entitled "A Breezy
Day," and is just sucii a scene as can be
observed any day along the French coast.
Over there in many places the grass grows
close to the water's edge, nnd cattle ana
horses can be seen feeding close to the
sound of the breakers. In Vernier'? pic
ture the waves are lashed into whitecaps
and the wind sends a little sloop in the
distance along at a lively rate, but on land
the herds are feeding contentedly. This
picture is rich in color and broadly han
dled.
The marine by J". Clays is entitled
"Calm," and depicts a Holland fishing
boat at anchor on a smooth sheet of wnter.
The strong characteristic of this picture
is the effect of light. It is really flooded
with sunshine, and at the same time it is
indescribably rich in color. The drawing
of the boat is exceptionally good and the
handling is of the boldest character.
Another marine is from the brush of
the promising New York artist, Henry
Chase, who died a few years ago. "Fish
ing Boats" is the title of it ana the scene
depicted i 3 a stretch of beach on the sea
coast of Holland. It is rich in color and
well drawn and the breeze blowing in fills
it with action.
Theodore Weber js represented by a pic
ture entitled "Boulogne." It represents a
boat landing at the foot of a wharf and is
an admirable piece of work. It is rich in
color and full of action and light.
A small picture entitled an "Eastern
Scene," by A. Passini, is a particularly
pleasing bit of work. The quaint houses
and the lively scene on the streets are
most unusual to our eyes, but on that ac
count are particularly interesting. This
picture is very high in color, but is re
markably true to nature and iv every way
command of her rifle, has won many ele
gant prizes through her skill.
Mrs. D. YV. McLaughlin, wife of the
widely known and ropular champion
shot, Dennis McLuughlin, is the present
president ol the club. She is a tall and
slender young woman, with iiarkeyes and
sunny hair, and possesses a re
markably steady hand, which enables
her to take bich rank among her fellows in
the champion class. Mrs. McLauchlin
has never yet, during the two years that
she has been a member of the oreanizi
tion, maie a score of less than 100. her
best ?core is 116 and that this is not an
"accidental" shot is proven by the scores
115, 114, 114 and 112 which appear to her
credit in the secretary's book. The even
character of this lady's shooting is spec
ially noticeable. She shoots with her hus
band's gun, takes deliberate aim and gen
erally adds to her reputation as a marks
woman every time that she presses the
trigger.
Mrs. A. M. Turner is another of the
ciub'.i champions and is also one of its
charter members. Mrs. Turner is a pupil
of that eminently successful rifleman, Dr.
Richl, and has certainly done her in
structor credit during her three years' at
tendance at the ranges. Entering the club
in the second clasn Mrs. Turner made
a score of 111 while serving her
novitiate and was speedily promotad to
the first clas«. During the year (1895)
which she spent in this section Mr?. Tur
ner won the class medal for the seven best
•■cores, her records being: January 111,
February 105. March 113, April 113, May
105, November 111, and December 108.
This past year she has been one of those
fortunate enough to make 116, which is
the highest score yet attained Ly any of
the ladies, but her motto is still "excel
sior." Painstaking, deliberate and self
controlled, this enthusiastic lady never
makes a really roor shot, and only on ex
tremely rare occasions plants a bullet out
side the black. Mrs. Turner is also an
adept with the pistol and has done some
exceedingly brilliant work with that
wearon m private matches, although she
prefers to rest her fame entirely upon her
enviable record i*s a riflewoman, and can
never be persuaded to give an exhioition
of her pistol-shooting at any public range.
Mrs. George B. Davidson, a quite recent
acquisition to the club, has already taken
her place at tho head of the shooters in
the second class. Joining the organiza
tion only atom a year since, with almost
no practical knowledge of the science of
sharpshooting, Mr«. Davidson has done
well from the first, and gives promise oi
future excellence. Quick of movement,
and somewhat reckless in style, this smil
ing little personage yet generally succeeds
in placing her bullets to good advantage,
and as she has made the seven best scores
lor toe year, her highest being 106. she
a splendid example of the artist's work.
Ad Schreyer, the famous painter of
Arabs and horses, is represented by a
very good example of his work. It is in
his u--ual style, which is so well known all
over the worid, and painted in his best
manner. The drawing of the horses is
magnificent, and the anatomy is particu
larly well studied; mucii more so in fact
than would seem to be necessary, but it
all beIDS to make tho perfect picture.
"Soldier on Horseback," by T. Chel
m'onski, is an unusually good exasnple of
that artist's work. It i«, of course, hardly
a composition, but the accuracy of draw
ing and detail and ttie simplicity of color
mark it an excep'ional picture.
''Di-cussing the Deed," by Max Jnife, is
a figure work of a high order. It takes
one back a couple of hundred year^, when
things were done differently than now.
Tne costumes are particularly well studied,
the color and drawing it strong, and there
is enough of a story in the picture to give
it an interest.
"A Fancy Head," by Gamba, is a
splendid piece of painting. The face is
full of interest. It is good in color and
drawing, and produces a harmonious and
pleasing effect without becoming decora
tive.
"A Church Procession," by Jose Gal
lego?, is a picture to be looked at by tho
hour and something new discovered every
minute. It is in that lamous artist's
usual style, very close and minute, but
full of action. Of course tne story is well
told — almost dramatically told — but the
work is not at all '•'stagey" as such pictures
are a^it to be.
"Preparing for Market," by A. Monte
mezzo, is a distinctive picture of the Ital
ian school. It is close in detail and bright
in color.
"A Game of Chess," by Franz Dury, is
a picture with many good points. The
expression of the faces of the players is
particularly good.
A little "Landscape," by M. Broker, 13
a work of an unusual order. It is lull of
the most minute detail, and yet the gen
eral effect is that of t^e broadest kind of
painting.
"A Kitchen Interior" by Pittz 13 a care
ful study, and, of course, a high cla*s
piece of work, although devoid of much
interest except in the way of execution.
"The Charge," by Perboyne, is a strong
piece of painting, highly artistic and
good in drawing and color.
has borne off in triumph ncr class medal
for 189tJ. Among the shooters of the first
class Mrs. H. L. Wise, Mrs. Thomas Kel
i ley of Mill Valley, Mrs. .Fred Schumann
I and Mrs. Finking have earned for tnem-
I selves 5-pecial prominence. Mrs. Kelley's
! shooting is admirable both with pistol
and rifle, and in "off-hand" rifle shooting
she has achieved more than a local repu
j tation.
Mrs. Wise's standard is a high one, and
| she rarely, if ever, falls below it. At the
recent December snoot a score of 114 at
tested her prcticiency and made a titting
i tinaie to her year's work.
The second class includes among its
j members Mrs. Adolph Strecker, wife of
the coast champion, Mrs. George Helm,
Mrs. C. Satehorn and Mrs. Keppler, all
| of whom are rapidly working tiieir way
; upward. It is a matter of regret that Miss
I Tessie McLauznlin, who seems to share
her brother's love for and command over
j the rifle, is no longer a member of the
'. club, but it is hoped by those who have
j watched her career with appreciative in
| terest that the fascination cf the ranges
j will draw her back again and that the past
is but a hint of what the future holds for
| her.
Taken altogether, the Ladies' Schuetzen
i Club is an organization in which all Cali
fornians who are interested in rifle-shoot-
I ing, either as a science or a pastime,
I should feel a warm and special pride. In
; the sixteenth century shooting deer with
j a crossbow was a favorite amusement
with ladies of rank, but. few ladies of the
■ present day would care to indulge in what
j was even then termed "a murderous
sport." R:fle-shooting, however, is by
j no means an unfeminine accomplishment,
| and it needs only a glance at the bright
I laces, clear eyes and weil-poised figures of
our lady "crack shots" to prove to the
I most conservative that both nerves and
muscles are strengthened by the disci
pline necessary to the attainment of that
proud title, and that it is, indeed, a pnvi
: legs and a benefit to be admitted to mem
| bership in the Ladies' California Sennet
■ zen Club. Florence Pxbct MathxsOß.
J\ GKristmas Garol.
Come on, sweet Christmas ilay—
Bring to the joyous board the friend anfl rover;
Come with tbjr bells auJ beaux from far away.
(I really wish the agony was over!)
Come with the holly and raistetoe—
A glimpse of green beneath tne skies so murky;
The fiddles music nticl the yule leg's glow.
(Hu.f of my Kingdom tor auo.her turKey !;
Hin? from tho misty hills,
O bells! and haste the pleasure that delays yet;
I do beseech you not to bring tho-.e bills
(For thirty deadly, i darksome, dreamless day
yet!}.". . .-. , — Atlanta Constitution.
The Lapps are lirst mentioned as being
conquered by the Swedes and Norwegians
m IU" ihii'teciith century.
1516
J\ Revolution in .Naval Signaling
JKe J<ite Becomes a JMeans of Jransmitting
the JHuman Voice
The kite has becomes a means to the
transmission of the human voice from one
warship to another while the fleet is in
active service. It is the strangest adjunct
the .telephone has yet enjoyed, but it is
none the less valuable. Just what can be
done has been demonstrated by Com
mander R. G. O. Tupper of the Royal
Navy at Portsmouth, England.
The kite used in this experiment was of
the regulation sort, except that it was
minus a tail. It was six fi*et long and
three feet wide at the broadest point. In
place of the tail the kite carried two line?,
one of which was retained on board the
Paring, the instructional torpedo- boat
destroyer, from which the experiments
were conducted. No little was expected
as the result of this experiment, but the
fucts demonstrated were nevertheless very
much of a suiprise. With the wind be
tween the two lines referred to it was found
that the kite was so easily managed that
ii wus no trick at all to drop letters or even
a hawser into another ship and in this
way establish communication.
Following this experiment came one
with a wire. The end of the wire which
the kite bore away from the ship was
dropped upon the deck of H. M. S. Daunt
less, where it was secured by the electri
cian of the ship and attached to a tele
phone apparatus in waiting. The other
end, which had remained aboard the
Daring, was also attacl ed to a telephone,
and as soon as this task was completed
the two ships were in perfect communica
tion. The kite remained suspended, se
cured by the two lines, for more than four
hours, during which time communication
between the Daring and the Dauntless
was uninterrupted. When the kite was
pulled in, it was not because there was
any necessity for it, but for the reason
that it was debired tD disconnect the in
struments and take in the wire.
This achievement is only evidence of
what electricians of the navy, of both
England and the United States, have lonir
held to be possible. They have declared
that tbere v.as no reason why communi
cation of this sort should not be estab
lished between (hips a few hundred feet
apart, if the weather were at all pleasant
Of course in it pale anything of this sort
would be impracticable.
The experiment that was made by the
otlicers of the Daring and Dauntless had
anot.er valuable result. It showed that
it 13 possible to arrange for a new sys-
tern of signals irom one ship to another
that would be greatly superior to any flag i
system which could be conceived. If the!
telephone wire can be arranged in this
manner there is no reason why telegraphic
communication cannot be made in a simi
lar fashion.
In this case an operator aboard the flag
ship could carry a conversation with his
felloe operator aboard one of the fleet
["HE NAPOLEON CYPRESSES.
without difficulty. The admiral's orders
could be easily transmitted from time to
time and often avoid what is now consid
ered necessary bout service. It might be
thought that the flyins of a kite under
these circumstances would be a matter of
extreme difficulty, but kiteflying under
the latest methods has become a science.
What used to ! c a schoolboy's '?-port has
now become a subject of study by profes
sional men, and it seems quite likely that
before very long even greater results will
be gained than has been the case at Ports
mouth.
As a means of signaling, the kito is
firmly believed by not only navai officer?,
but those of the army, to be fraught with
treat importance when the future is con
sidered. It is, of course, very much easier
for a signal to be seen that :s elevated to a
considerable height than one which may
float at the top of a mainmast or be waved
from the summit of a hili.
Add to these facts this latest develop
ment, the kite has a telephone wire car
rier, and tbe indications of a limitless
future are plain. If these experiments
are continued and result as it seems quite
likely they will, it is more than possible
before very many weeks Admiral Bunce
may sit in his cosy quarters aboard the
great cruiser New York, and talk over
fleet nianuvers with Captain ilobley E.
Evans, kitting in his cabin aboard the bat
tie-ship Indiana, as both lie anchored
down in Hampton Roads.
It might seem at first thought as if the
ideas this experiment has suggested — ideas
which are already regarded as facts by
well-posted men — were wholly chimerical.
Not at till.' Not only are they entirely
practical in every way, but it is very
likely — s>o far as the British navy is con
cerned a certainty — that kite-flying will
hereafter be considered a part of the naval
officer's education. It will be just as
necessary for the Annapolis graduate to
understand the science of air currents and
their effect upon the kite as it will be for
him to know exactly what he ought to do
when the sounds through the big
cruiser, "All hands to action."
The recent experiments with kites at
Governors I-land in New York harbor
have conclusively proven that it is pos
lible to" send op a camera from inside the
lines of one army — the camera being at
tached to a kite — and take an accurate
View oi the entrenchments or position of
the enemy thereby, and to learn in fairly
accurate fashion of their number. On
seven] occasions this year in New York
photographs have been taken of parades
in this fashion and with the very best pos-
Bibie resu:is. To suggest that this could
be do:;e iitteen months a<ro would have
provoked derision. There is just as much
reason for not regarding tho telephonic
kite-flying experiment with credulity as
there would have been for decrying the
other.
The results of the English experiment,
even though they have just become
known, have already created no little talk
in naval circles. Infact.it is more than
probable that the naval officers of the
United States will see what they can do in
the matter. Secretary Herbert of the
Naval Department believes strongly in
being thoroughly up to date. The English
experiments have already been called to
his attention, and he now has the result
of them under consideration.
Kite-flying may be in its infancy as is
often stated. Certainly if that is true it is
an exceedingly healthy infant.
CURIOUS TRIFLES
A Pin in the Heart.
The old-time idea that the slightest
touch of a foreign substance on the heart
means certain death was shattered years
ago. One of tho most remarkable cases
ever heard of, however, was that described
in a paper read before the Association of
American Physicians some years ago by
Dr. Peabody. It was of a case where a pin
was found In a human heart, alter having
been there for an indefinite period. The
point of the pin was distant about rive
millimeters from the external surface of
the heart. The pin seemed eroded, and
was broken by the scissors in dissection,
without becoming displaced. There was
no evidence of recent local inflammation,
but that part of the heart in the neighbor
hood of the protruding head of the pin
was greatly thickened and snow white and
firmly adherent to the edge of the head.
The Greatest I)i§h in Siaiu.
The favorite dish of the Siamese epicure
is called kapick. It is made in this way:
They catch about a bushel of fish and
prawns, and pile them up in some sj)Ot
where the sun shines. There they remain
for about ten days, the heat drying out the
oil, but at the same time converting the
fish into a iiqui'i, maggoty mess, so rank in
odor that it is much as the European can
do to approach it. During all the time the
sun is at work the mass is constantly
stirred up until it is of the consistency of
molasses. This is strained nf bones and
the kapick is ready for use. It is the
greatest of Siamese delicacies, and i» found
in both tiie palaces of the rich and hovels
of the poor.
The Origin of "Good August."
The American, when he meets an ac
quaintance, usually greets him with "vood
morning' 1 or "good evening." The Ro
man usually wishes his friend a "good
August." The origin of the custom comes
through the unhea Ith fulness of the Roman
August. It is a month in which the Ro
man fever prevails. The victim is seized
withachill, tnen conies the fever. If he
perspires freely he will get well. If he
does not he has that kind of Roman fever
called the "perniciosa," and will die in a
tew lours usually. If the Roman escapes
the fever during August he is likely to en
joy fairly pood bpalth during the balance
of the year. '
A Wonderful Xeedle.
Among the many treasures owned by
Queen Victoria is a wonderful needle made
for her in Buckinghamshire. The needle
is a miniature cf the Roman column of
Trojan, but instead of the exploits of the
Roman emperors scenes out of the life of
England's Queeti are depicted. One shows
Victoria when a young girl at Tunbndge
Wells, another scene is the coronation of
Westminster, while a third shows the mar
riage if the queen nnrl Prince Consort.
The figures in nil these scenes can only be
made oui plainly by the aid of a magnify
ing glass. The need.'c can also be opened
and it contains several others all oi the
same form, and all are adorned with mini
ature figures in relief.
"SHERIDANS RIDE," the NeW Painting by
3 J. "OHN ML'LVANEY'S painting of "Sheridan's Rkle from Winchester," which was unveiled in Philadelphia a few days ago with public ceremony, is said to be a masterpiece. The
dusty road from Winchester occupies the center, with the figure of Sheridan on horseheck the commanding fouture of the picture. Ambulance and hospital wagons of the
*»A retreating Union army are ma«sed on either side. On every hnnd are depicted the woeful results of the surprise attack of the morning of October 10, 1864, when, during Sheri
dan's absence ou rii important mission to Washington, his forces were set upoai by rebel cavalry under Early. On either side of Mulvanv's picture is shown the electrical effect of
Sheridan's appearance o:i the ground, the enthusiasm of the wounded and previously dishenrtened men over his arrival, and the first evidences of the transformation that was
quickly wrought in the shattered ranks of the Union forces by the return of their gallant commander. The painting is twenty feet long and eleven ieet high, and spiritedly portrays
tlie eveats described in Buchanan Head's famous poem.
THE SAN FRANCISCO Call, "SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
THE NEW INTER-WARSHIP TELEPHONIC KITE JUST SUCCESSFULLY TESTED.
The Famous Bonaparte Cypresses
Jhe JxhediVe's Qift to the tmperor QiVes
Shade JMoW to a Debris Pile
In I^l4 the Khedive of E<rypt sent to
Napoleon Bonaparte as imperial tribute
40U African cypress trees that were to be
planted in the gardens of the Tuileries.
Twenty-four of those cypress trees stand
in the segment of a circle about tho north
east corner of St. Nicholas avenue and
One Hundred and Fifty-ninth street,
says the New YorK Sun. The after
noon sun throws their shadow across
the back yards o'. a row of flat
houses. About tbeir roots are tbe ash
heaps, the weeds, the battered tin cans
and the other sordid debris of a city
vacant lot. Twenty-four of them stand
there; the rest at one tine or another in
tbe last two generations have been cut
down and dragged away to make fuel for
the squatters of Washington Heights.
Tbe few that remain will follow all too
soon unless private citizens or the proper
city officials exert themselves to preserve
these relics of the former historic of
tue Harlem Heights.
The land where the trees stand was for
merly part of the Jumel estate. Their
history was told by Mme. Jumel to her
niece's daughter, who is now Mrs. Julius
H.Caryl. Mrs. Caryl lives at Caryl sta
tion, on the New York and Northern Rail
road, in a house filled with relics of colo
nial New York and of Napoleonic France.
Yesterday she told a Sun reporter the his
tory of the trees as Mme. Jumel had told
it to her.
In 1815 Stephen Jumel was a merchant
prince of New York. He owned a fleet of
clipper ships that were kept busy bringing
to this port the silks and brandies of
France. When Nanoleon surrendered
himself to the English, after Waterloo, M.
Jumei was tilled with indignation. It be
came his highest ambition to go to Havre
with an American clipper ship, and hy
bribes or by force to take Napoleon away
from the guards the Allies had placed
about him; t den to trust to the Yankee
clipper and YanKee sailors to make sure
that no vessels tbe Allies could send in
pursuit should ever overtake the august
fugitive.
Out of his trading fleet M. Jumel se
lected the Eliza as tne one most to be
relied upon for speed and as most fitted
to become the temporary home of him
who had been Emperor. The Eliza took
M. Jumel to Havre. He communicated
with Napoleon, who, to the surprise and
grief of the merchant, declined to enter
into the scheme. It did not consort, he
said, with the dignity of Napoleon I 10
run away in a Yankee clipper from the
consequences of his defeat. It does not
appear from the traditions of the guard
kept over Napoleon on the one hand, or
from Mrs. Caryl's narrative on the other,
ju9t how the escape was to be brought
about. It is just possible that certainty
of failure had much to do with the great
captive's concern for his dignity. At any
rate, the few friends who clung about him
after the abdication were greatly touched
by M. Jumel's regard for him who had
been their master. One of his aids gave
to the merchant the great cylindrical iron
trunk that the Emperor had carried with
him through all his campaign. Napo
leon's carriage of state was also given to
VL Jumel. In his pride and pleasure in
these evidences of the esteem in which he
was held by one whom he so deeply
revered, Stephen Jumel became indis
creet. He rode abroad in the chariot of
the Bonapartes. The French Government
descended upon him in its re-enforced
micht, confiscated carriage and trunk and
placed the merchant himself under ar
rest. Mis. Caryl did not care to dwell upon
this unpleasant episode in the career of
her grand uncle.
"It suffices," she said, "to say that his
love for the Emperor caused him to be
put under arrest, and that he had to call
upon the American Minister for aid before
he was released."
He got the trunk back, but not the car
riage. The trunk was sent to America in
the Eliza, and is now tbe most notable
relic among Mrs. Caryl's memorabilia. M.
Jumel remained in Paris for several
months, and in the course of time heard
of the 400 young cypress trees that|bad
been sent to Napoleon by the Khedive.
He heard that they were piled up in the
gardens of the Tuileries; they had not
even been unpacked from the bales in
which they were gathered, the roots of
each tree encased in ciump3 of the soil
from which they had been lifted.
The moment attention was called to
their existence there aro3e a great clamor
for their destruction, along with all else
that tended to remind France of the
degradation which Napoleon had brought
upon her. Louis XVIII himself became
interested in their disposition. The some
time Corute de Provence, in his newly as
sumed royal dignity, evolved the scheme
of building a great bonfire of the cypress
sapling*. It v.as to be a bonfire symbolic
of the end of France's effort to stretch her
rule over all the three continents. M.
Jumel suggested that he was willing to
pay for them. In a very short time the
impoverished Government gave over its
plan for a symbolic bonfire, and the
cypress trees were sold to M. Jumel.
They were brought to this country and
safely planted near tho gateway of the
great Jumel place. They were arranged
as a hedge about a round fishpond. The
pond itself had to be filled up after it had
existed for only a year, because it was
found to breed malaria. The trees were
planted very close together, and many of
them died for want of room in which to
grow. When the city streets were cut
through a great many of the cypresses
were destroyed.
Mrs. Caryl said that at the time when
Central Park was first laid out a futile
effort was made to transplant some of the
trees in the new pleasure ground. Ferdi
nand P. Earle, who now lives in the old
Jumel house, advocates another attempt
to move the tree.s to the park, or at least
an effort to obtain rooted slips from them.
The few trees that are left are growing
sturdily in th-ir present borne. Every
summer they put on a thick dark dress of
firlike needles, and do their somber best
to impress beholders with the elory of
that which once was theirs. Not even Louis
XVIII could have planned a more humili
ating end for tfiem. The branches grow
straight out far enough to clear those
above them and then upward. Many
critics believe that the African cvprcs is
the gopher wood or cedar of the Scrip
tures.
The Jlptifieial Eye Tfyat Sees.
Science Constructs One Which Beholds
Lights Invisible to Man.
Science has constructed an eye which
• ;s wonderful lights that are invisible to
in. It is the strangest production of
scientific penius of the country. The in
genuity exhibited in its construction is
remarkable, and tbe trouble entailed in
the elaboration of this additional oi pan of
sense very trreat indeed.
The strangest part of it all that tin*
eye looks into is a mystery which a slight
defect in human vision has prevented
mankind paining the privilege oi seeing.
Experiments showed, years ago, that the
world floated in what was known as ether.
It lias now been discovered that in this
ether there are invisible lights and waves.
These lights are produced by the eiec
tric waves in the ether, and they are pos
sessed of wonderful power. No substance
is to them opaque. Not only can they
penetrate the atmosphere and other trans
parent creations, but granite, iron doors
and mounds of earth, not to mention
bones, are to it as glass. An odd fact, too,
is that in passing through these sub
stances, the mysterious waves lose none
of their active properties.
All these things are vouched for by a
scientist who is becoming a power in Eu
ropean circles— Professor JagadisChunder
Bose, professor of physical science at the
Presidency College at Calcutta. Professor
Bose is a Hindoo and a native of Bengal,
but he is easily at the head of Indian
scientists, and that in a land where scien
tific lore dates back far beyond the inspira
tion of the Koran is a fact which carries
exceeding weight.
Professor Bose has just laid his discov
eries belore the British Association of
Science, a body of men who are so practi
cal that theory is always at a discount
among them. The announcement by the
Indian scientist of his oiscoveries and his
consequent belief created the greatest sen
sation which that dogmatic body of sa
vants has known in many a long day.
Professor Bose's paper was on electric
waves, and the story it told of strange and
almost thrilling revelations gained in the
do main of modern sciences, under almost
insuperable difficulties, seems more like
the tale of a sensational novel than a pro
saic story of fact.
The scientist who has suddenly emerged
from comparative obscurity into the broad
light of fame is the son of an Indian
scholar, Bhacaban Chunuer Bose, who
was famed in his own land for his knowl
edge of Indian scientific facts. This
knowledge the son has acquired through
his father, and upon such a basis has
erected the structure of thought which
now contains a number of the secrets
that have heretofore been invisible to bu
rn an it y.
One of the greatest difficulties wbicti
Professor Bose found in his investigation
was the defection of the invisible light.
After a series of experiments it was found
to be absolutely necessary to contrive
some sort of artificial vision, and the work
PROFESSOR JAGADIS CHUNDER BOSE AND HIS INVENTION.
was begun. The result of it all is the
electric eye, by means of which the in
visible can be seen.
In the construction of the artificial eye
these essential points are necessary: A
sensitive surface, known as the retina, on
which the image of the external object is
focused by the eye lens; a conductive
strand, known as the optical nerve, which
carries the visual impulse to the brain.
Tbe twitching produced in the brain by
this impulse gives rise to the sensation of
light.
Despite the fact that it is artificial in
every way and savors not at all of the
human, yet it really works on principles
similar to the eyes through which we
look. In the first place there is the sensi
tive layer, and the invisible light falling
on this results in an electric impulse.
This impulse, carried by a condocting
wire, produces a twitching motion in that
part of the mechanism just back of the
eye that corresponds to the human brain,
and the fact of sight is made apparent by
the magnified motion of tbe spot of light
which is reflected from the moving part.
A strange fact in connection with this is
that this so-called electric eye becomes
tired, just as our eyes do, and as when
that fatigue produces an itching sensation
in the human eye we rub it, so it is neces
sary to rub the electric eye. The effect in
both cases is similar. It seems to» produce
rest. Theie is this advantage which the
electrical eye has over the human eye,
when one specimen becomes tired out and
temporarily useless another can be substi
tuted. Thus given a full opportunity to
recover its wonted vigor it only takes the
electric eye a comparatively short timu to
become as fresh and as keen as ever.
Now, while this strange orb of science
is very wonderful in its way, what it re
veals to us is far more strange than the
eye or the principle upon which it is con
structed. Think of a machine that could
be set up on the Vice-Presulent's desk in
the Senate chamber at Washington by a
simple movement of which a wave of
ether or electrical wave could be started
that would penetrate through all sorts of
substances ana people to the Librarian's
desk in the Congressional library and
sianal, by means of a bell or otherwise, to
Mr. Spofford that the head of the august
body of lawmakers required his presence.
This, too, without the aid of an electric
wire or any other means of communica
tion than the electric wave afforded in
itself.
Sound is produced by the vibration ot
matter. Light is due to the vibration of
ether. There are sounds that are in
audible, queer as that may seem, .lust
so, there are lights that urn invUmlr.
The idea of the penetration of tint! wnvot
maybe gained by casting a stone Into I
pond or any body of wator whoso sui Uu-o
is reasonably smooth. When the stone
strikes the water a circle is instantly
formed, or rather a series of circles, and
these circles constantly widen until they
are apparently lost in the ripples of the
main surface.
Again, if the string of a violin be struck,
the quivering wire give? up its motion to
the air, which carries it to our ear, and
the motion thus communicated to the
brain produces t:ie sensation of sound.
The machine which Professor Kose has
I invented is a perfect instrument, by which
the eiectric waves in the ether are readiiy
produced and their properties detected
and examined. These waves falling on a
suitable receiver produce the marvelous
signal referred to and make it possible to
signal from one room to another or from
one place to another wiihout the slightest
apparent means of communication. With
the possible exception of metallic plates
of ordinary thickness, there is no known
substance which offers material opposition
to the passage of these rays. To th^m
pitch, coaltarand even the human body
itself, flesh or blood, are as transparent as
class itself to this wondrous light.
It is the general supposition that the
essence of our consciousness is continuity
of thought. Professor Bose, however,
takes an entirely opposite view. In dis
cussing the matter, be said:
•'The most curious thins: which science
has demonstrated is the fact that there
are great gaps in our consciousness. Vie
first begin to be aware of a sound n«#S
when the air is quivering at about tue
rate of sixteen vibrations a second. When
the vibrating string which gives rise to
sound is shortened higher and higher
notes are given out. In this way we pass
from lower to higher octaves, and when
the vibration reacb.es the rate of 33,000
beats in a second the limit of audibility is
reached.
"As we near this limit the notes be
come more shrill and continuous, and,
finally, when the note is raised still
higher, or, in other words, the rate of
vibration exceeds 32,000 heats to a second,
the ear faiis to respond. Very low pitched
cr very high pitched notes are beyond our
power of hearing. To detect these in
audible sounds scientists construct an
artificial enr, which consists of a slender
jet of burning gas, known as the sensitive
flame, which responds to sound by flutter
ing.
"Just as vibration is produced in air by
mechanical disturbance, so may the im
palpable etber be thrown into vibration
by an electric disturbance. There may
thus be produced ethereal notes, few of
which are detected by our sensation of
touch as warmth, and a few others by the
eye as light. Slower or quicker vibrations
thnn these we cannot perceive.
It must not be understood that this ap
paratus produces in the human being the
power to see at any and all times these
electric light waves that are invisible
under ordinary circumstances. The ac
companying illustration shows the instru
ment which produces the wonderlul re
sults. By meaiiS of this instrument the
human eye, placed at the rear of the elec
tric eye, is able to detect flashes of light,
the electric waves that can by means of
this same instrument be transmitted an
indefinite distance and produce signals at
a given point, which is altogether invisi
ble to the manipulator of the invention.
The First Cinderella.
The charming child's story of "Cinder
ella, or the Glas^ Slipper," is probably of
Egyptian origin. The hieroglyphics tell
of l'ti, a captive Persian princess who one
day was surprised on the banks of the
Nile by the approach of a youth as beau
tiful as the Sun God. The youth would
have caught the princess but the iovely
Pti was swift of foot and made her escape.
However, she left behind her a liny glass
slipper, whicn tho handsome youth treas
ureu and set about finding an owner for.
As the youth was no o - her than a prince
of the blood royal. Rameses 11, the orig
inal of the great statue of Mem not), the
singing statue on the banks of the Nile,
the Princess Pti fled no more when her
princely lover found her. It may be said
that Rnmeses' que-t was a comparatively
easy one, as the Persians alone made shoes
of glass in lhose days.
Peculiarities of Authors.
Thackeray's penmanship was marvel
ously neat, but so small that it could not
always be read with comfort by any but
microscopic eyes. Charles Dickens' writ
ing was much less beautiful, but almost
equally minute, and bis habit of writing
w.th blue ink on blue paper, with frequent
interlineations and cross lines, made his
copy a burden alike to compositor ana
proofreader. D >uglass Jerro.'d jotted
down his jokes upon iittle slips of blue
paper in letter smaller than the *yP* in
which they were to be set. Cap am Mar
ryut's handwriting was so fine " ia * when
ever thecopvisi rested from bia labors he
wasobii-ed to stick a pin where he left
off in order to find the plac« ai;ain. Char
lotte Bronte's handwriting appeared to
have been traced with n needle.
They Are All 1""" Helnricln.
It will soon bo time for the little state
lot of Reuss-Schleia in Germany to recom
mence numbering its princes. A pecu
liarity of i ho law requires that every male
member of tho reigning? family be called
Helnrich. .To distinguish, one from the ■
other, «-iu'l> princo is solemnly numbered /
iinim'ili.i'i'-y n'torho is born. Every ccc.-«
lury tliojo numbers tiro solenv lv wound 1
up ami written off in tho family bible,
•i.ul with tin 1 cniutuoncetnent of the new
century the Beinrtena lv^m at number
oiki ntinln. We do not .know. how many
ili-imi il«oii> h wo been in this century,
but olio ; pii'ni' who dioii about 20 years
Alto hi ■> ui«' old h^o, uii'l who. was born
In 1739, was known as Prince Heinricn
i.W 11.The Thrilling Story
Of Bunkep Hill .Mine
It was early in the '60s, about the time
when attention was first being diverted
from the exhausted placers of the State
toward the rich stores of gold that was
hidden in the Quartz deposits that lie in
such profusion in the ranges that border
the great valley of the Sacramento River
or in ihe intersecting valleys of that vol
uminous stream.
Two men haa just arrived at Grass Val
ley, which at that time was experiencing
the wonderful growth which the discov
ery <if splendid mines in the near vicinity
lia-i encouraged and sustaThed. Both men
.were young and vigorous and evidently
new to the country. In fact, they were
on'y just from the extreme East—Massa
chusetts, to be particular — and ator.ee ex
cited the attention of the crowd by their
manners of speech and the. evident care
which they devoted to their toilet.
"Mighty genteel couple," remarked an
old and seasoned miner, "but 'twon't take
'em long to get acclimated like tho rest of
ug, I reikun."
Such was the general impression made
by the strangers on their arrival at Grass
Valley. Their names were Elliot Spencer
and Enoch Pope, and it was not long be-
I. re their purpose in joining the com
munity was known to all. A relative of
young Spencer, during an early day in Cali
fornia, had acquired a promising quartz
claim in ttie mountains about twenty
miles distant, and had deeded it to him
on the sole condition that he would emi
grate and work the claim industriously
for two year*. Adventurous nnd endowed
■with wealth, Spencer accepted the ciaim,
and persuaded Pope, who had been a life
long friend, to join him in the under
taking, on a promise ol' sharing equally
in the results.
The inquiries made by the two friends
were encouraging to the last degree. The
ciaim was one that was well known by
every miner in the district and piophecies
had been made by the best experts of its
ultimately becoming a source of incal
culable wealth.
A trip to the mine soon followed and
both Spencer and Pope, who were skilled
metallurgists by piofession, were con
firmed in their belief that the mine was a
splendid property. They returned to
Grass Valley, purchased stores for a pro
longed stay in the mountains, hired a j
superintendent and men and proceeded j
wahout delay to push forward the devel
opment of their promising venture.
They were not delayed by lack of means
and wtre never embarrassed by inability !
to pay their miners or purchase necessary |
material, and consequently the progress
made in their shafts arid tunnels seemed i
marvelous in the eyes of their neighbors j
who were working their own claims sub- !
ject to the embarrassments resulting from j
restricted resources.
A year and a half of steady and unre
mitting exertion had pushed tha develop
ment of the "Bunker Hill," lor so they '
had named the mine, to a point where it !
had become the greatest producer of the j
district, and the time came when Pope
claimed the privilege from his partner of
returning to oM .Massachusetts and bring-
ing Lack to California his old sweetheart
itri'l bride.
Time- hun^ heavily on Spencer's hands
until tiie hapny couple returned, but at
:he friends were again united, and
happy In the splendid prospect of affluence
which their pan! labors seemed to assure.
To: several months this blissful existence
was maintained, but during that time
Spencer had conceived a violent passion
for Pope's unconscious wife, and longed to
pesess her for his own.
The love and loyalty of the little woman
for her husband could not be shaken, and
Spencer knew that a public manifestation
of his feelings would be met by her with
unspeakable disdain. He hungered and
thirsted lor his partner's wife, and flung
to the winds all questions of loyally or
gradtude due to his friend.
To gain the ends he desired could only
be accomplished by the destruction of
Pope, and one day the latter was found in
the deepest shalt of the mine with his
skull crushed by a rock, which hud ap
narentiy fallen from a great height. The
victim was brought to the surface and re
gained consciousness for a moment.
"Spencer 1" he called. "Spencer!"' and
then he turned over on his face and died.
Spencer did not make his appearance
for several hours after the daath of Pope
and then his sorrow was so skillfully sim
ulated and his erief seemed so great and
sincere that no suspicion was manifested
toward himself as the murderer; in Lie:,
the general opinion was that Pope cirae
to his death by accident, and after his
burial the matter was dropped without
further investigation. Not a breath of
suspicion shadowed Spencer.
The grief of the wife excited the com
miseration of even the rough miners, and
nothing could have exceeded the kind and
sympathetic attentions of Spencer, who
advised her to leave the mine and seek
associations where she would not be
constantly reminded of her sorrows. The
jidvice was followed, and the decided to
remain in Grass Valley until her affairs
could be so arranged ?s to permit her re
turn to the East. Artfully .Spencer man
aged to defer a settlement on some pre
text or another, and the widow's stay was
prolonged for over a year. Then Spencer
ventured to intimate to tho widow his
hopes.
At first they were discouraged, but as
the lonely woman, so far from iiome and
without congenial companionship, beean
to consider the matter, she at last con
quered her repugnance to a remarriage
and consented, only stipulating that she
nhould not return to the mine that had
been so fateful to her girlish hopes.
Spencer readily assented to the stipula
tion, aii'! wild with rapture he pressed the
widow of the friend he had murdered to
his bosom, and devoured her, almost, with
his passionate kisses. His wedding day
was tho last hour of pence that he ever en
joyed. His doom awaited him. Tnat
night he saw in his sleep the body of the
murdered Pope, as in the flesh, pointing
his linger and murmuring, "Spencer,"
■Spencer." He woke from the dream of
horror and again attempted to slumber,
but agiin the frightful specter haunted
him, pointing the accusing linger and
whispering, "Spencer," "Spencer."
When daylight came Spencer thought
that his dream would be dispelled, but
etill the images of his friend 'ollowed him.
Henceforth he was a haunted man.
A trip to the mine was undertaken, and,
as usual, a tour of inspection of the work
ings followed. Impelled by a power
greater than he could resist, he came to
ihe place where Pope had met his death.
In the dim Ji.ht he saw the murdered
man witn that awful finger extended and
heard the fiightful whisper repeated,
".Spencer," "Spencer/ 1 Cold, clammy
hinds seemed to embrace him, horrible
shrieks of despairing fiends tilled the
shaft with frigiitful sound*) calling upon
him "to come and to hasten."
Strive as he could to draw himself away
from these awful surroundings, Spencer
found himself impotent to flee, and seeing
his old friend again approaching him with
that extended linger and stiil whispering
"Spencer," "Spencer," he gave a shriek
and fell to the ground with reason forever
shattered. Raised to the surface a mar.iac,
he shouted out his guilt to the astonished
SERENADE TO THE MOON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
miners and told of his punishment. At
the asylum to which he was conveyed, he
seemed to be ever haunted by the old
vision of his dead partner. Hismutterings
never went beyond that one word, "Spen
cer," "Spencer."
The widow, twice afflicted, was
made acquainted with Spencer's mani
acal confessions and left for the East,
where she survives. The mine was atter
waid purchased by parties knowing its
value and who proceeded to work it, but a
series of misfortunes followed their ef
forts. The belief that the mine was
haunted became an article of faith to the
local miners and only those men ignorant
of its bad repute could be induced to work
there, but even theie never stayed long.
They each and all maintained that ghosts
haunted the workings and that the mine
was the abode of foul fiends, whose aveng
Copyrignt, mdcccxchi. by T. B. Harms & Co. English Copyright Secured.
The Montgomery-street horsecars are somewhat unique*
Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling ;
They frequ« n ly make a round trip in a week,
Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling ;
And on some occasions, as you often observe,
The driver is blessed with a horrible nerve —
You are asked to get off and help push 'round a curve.
Ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling, ting-a-ling.
ing shouts filled the air and frightened
them at their work.
The men said, too, that strange objects
interfered with them and interrupted
their labors. Men would not work in this
dreadful mine, and finally operations
on the Bunker Hill ceased, and for two
years the hoist remained idle. Again
v?ork was resumed by another corporation,
but no sooner had the old timbers been re
moved and all made ready for extracting
ore than the mine was flooded by a blast
opening a channel to an underground
lake, and twenty miners lost tiieir lives in
the sudden torrent. For over twenty yaars
the fated mine lay undisturbed.
It was at last acquired by Flood and
Mackay, and this year preparations were
made at vast expense to reopen the mine.
Perhaps tne spirits which have Infested it
since the murder of Pope may be disposed
to remain quiet now. In any event the
future of the mine that has so long en
joyed so sinister a repute will be watched
clo-ely by every miner who knows its past
history. Its old name has been changed
by the present owners; it is now called
the "Strand," after the famous London
thoroughfare.
Curious Ways of Greeting.
When Australian nations meet they put
In practice their peculiar way of stick
ing out their tongues at each other. A
Japanese removes his sandals, crosses Ma
hands and cries out, "Spare me." The
Burmese pretend to smell of a person's
face, pronounce it sweet and then ask for
a smeil. In the South Sea Islands one of
the most peculiar forms of salutation is to
throw a jar of water over the head of a
friend. .When Arabians meet they press
cheek to cheek.
Ti^e Cylindrical Cap
and Its Wonders.
A car has just been completed at Con
cord, N. H., which exemplilifcs what has
heretofore been considered a chimerical
idea of the novelist. It is cylindrical in
form, just as the cars Jules Verne and
others have told of have been. It is no
theory, but entire practice, and it will
save the railroad companies many thou
sands of dollars.
The car is a curious embodiment of
genius and convenience. It is practically
cylindrical in form, as stated, nlthoueh
this by no means interferes with the seat-
inp arrangement. Its chief cla:m to fame
however, lies in the fact that eacli section
! of the sides, with windows of curved {jla-s,
! f-lides up under the roof, just as tue cur
| tain of the roll-top desk disappears as k is
I pushed upward. Just as the sides di-ap
j pear, a running board drops down just
; below the floor of the car ,and in the
, usual position on the outside. In this
wayistheconifortab^ec^os^ilcartransg
formed into a very neat appearing open
car that is as comfortable a vehicle of that
sort as can well be imagined.
The value of cars of this sort for a street
railway company can easily be under
stood. Under present methoJsit is neces
sary to keep a much large~amount of roll
ing stock on hand than would be the case
if the newly invented car were used. A3
it is, we have summer and winter cars,
each of which has to lie idle part of the
year. Under the new arrangement there
would be only one sort of car, and, there
fore, it would be wholly unnecessary to
have part of the company's capital tied ud
in a lot of cars that were useless a portion
of the year.
Again, this new invention removes one
of the greatest evils of the open car. It
often happens that during the season of
the year when the open car is most
in evidence a storm sweeps down and
dashes rain through curtains and all over
passengers. Nothing but open cars are
running, and there is no other protection
for people who wish to ride. With this
new car, in case of a storm of that sort,
the sides could be promptly rolled down
and the passengers would be as snug as
the traditional bug in a very comfortable
rug.
The accompanying illustration shows
accurately the interior of the new car.
This is exactly as the car appears on tho
line of the Concord (N. H.) street railway,
where it is being operated. This particu
lar specimen was in reality the model,
for it is the only one that has thus far
been built. All sorts of tests have ocen
applied to it, and it has been run in all
kinds of weather, but the emergency is
yet to arise in which it does not give dis
tinct aatisfacti. n.
The lowering or raising of the car's sides
is by no means a difficult task, for so per-
feet is the mechanism and so smoothly do
the slides glide up and down that it is
really of less difficulty to lower or raise
them than it is to arrange the curtains of
the open car that is in use at present. In
addition to that there is never any wet
sheets of canvas flapping in your face, nor
does the driving wind force a stream of
water gently down the back of your neck.
These latter events are every-day experi
ences to a peiscm who rides in the open
car.
It might be thought tnat there ;vould bo
some difficulty in operating the lighting
apparatus of a car of this sort, because the
one at present in use is calculated to travel
on the electric road exclusively, but no
such difficulty has been experienced in the
least. In fact the arrangement and opara
tion of the car is a decided improvement
over the old system.
Instead of being narrower than the or
dinary streetcars, because of its peculiar
form, the duplex car, as it is called, is
really wider. The seats are arranged
crosswise on each side, with an aisle run-
ning down the middle, just as in tiie ordi-
nary railroad passenger coach. Eacti of
these seats will accommodate two persons.
and the seating capacity of the car is,
therefore, limited. Not only that, but
there will be no tramping upon toes, which
is of itself a boon that ought to occasion
great rejoicing.
Ihe ventilation of the car is all that
could be desired, and is accomplished in
the usual fashion. Toe windows can be
raised or lowered at will, just as if they
were not likely to disappear into the roof.
The ventilators are not opened after the
style of the elevated cars— by the puil of a
lever, but are either opened or closed one
at a time by the ordinary ventilator pole.
It is a curious fact, as already stated,
that this car is almost exactly modeled on
the lines of the cylindrical cars which
have been suggested in different novels of
extraordinary and fictitious adventure.
Like the submarine boat, the idea of
which first gained great prominence
through the Nautilus of Jules Verne's
"Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the
Sea," the idea is not only practical, but is
far in advance of the other cars, as was
the idea in fiction, an advance over
previous thoughts of the writer of
marvelous adventure.
The new car has just begun to attract
attention. When it was first planned and
the news of the project was noised among
the street railroad men many a quiet
laueh was indulged in at what was termed
"the wild idea" of the Granite State Com
pany. Now, however, the laughter has
entirely died away, and the success of the
cylindrical car is admitted by every one
who has seen it.
While it is true that the car now in use
is operated by electricity, it by no means
follows that this is the only motive power
that can be used. It is the idea of the pro
jectors of the car to introduce it on ail the
lines of railroads, steam as well as street
railroads. There are a great many rail
roads that run observation cars, and the
same trouble is always experienced with
them as with the open streetcar when it
rain.«. It is held that if the new car is
utilized on the railroads in this fashion
there will bo very much less objection by
passengers to making use of the observa
tion car. No matter how threatening tho
weather might be, under those circum
stances there would be no hesitation on
the part of the traveler in taking advantage
of the observation car to as great an ex
tent as possible.
So, all In all, the new car seems to bid
fair to fill a niche in railroads, both steam
and street, which it never soemed proo
able before would finu a perfect occupant.
The duplex car is a wonder in its way. It
really looks as if passengers on street rail
roads were at last going to be comfortable.
J{ Legend of Lombardy.
An old Lombard legend tei'.s the story
of a chieftain who asked the Land of a
neighbor's daughter. Upon its bein^ re
fused him he declared war, killed the
chief who had declined the honor of be
coming his father-in-law, and married the
girl after all. Not satisfied with t!iir> much
he had the skull of his wile's father
mounted In gold as a drinkinp-cup, and
one day, while undar the influence of
wine, ordered his spouse to appear before
the assembled guests at his houso nr.d
drink to his health out of the horrible
bowl. She did so, but ever afterward was
her husband's secret but most deadly
enemy. She joined in a conspiracy which
eventually resulted in the king her Ltu
band's assassination.
1718
A
MISS MARTHA \Y. SsIIAIXWALD j
announced her encasement to Leo
M. Myers on Christmas day in a
very novel manner. She telephoned her
most intimate friends in the morning in
viting them to an informal tea at her
rooms In the Colonial, and on their arrival
they were introduced to the gentleman in
question.
It was a great surprise to everybody. It
appears that the conple met on the
bieamer Alameda in August last, as Miss I
£hainwald was returning from a trip of
ten months' duration to China, Japan and
Australia.
Miss Shainwald, who is the sister oi 1
Herman Shainwald of .^hainwald, Buck- i
bee & Co., enjoys a very large circle of i
friends, and has always taken a great in
terest in the Fruit and Flower Mission and
other charities. She is not unknown in
literary circles, and is a charming young
lady withal.
Mr. Myers i? a native and resident of
Auckland, New Zealand. Ke is a barris
ter by profession, but has devoted the
most of his time for the la«t t'.iree years to
mining. He is a member of the Stock Ex
change of Johannesburg, and also ot the Stock
Exchange of Auckland. He represents one of
the large European syndicates, ana has but
jest returned irom Paris and London, where
he has been since September last.
The coming New Year will probably be
passed far more pleasantly by Mr. Myers this
year than it was lust, as he was on that day
doing duty and in command of a detachment
fighting the Boers.
The date e -i the marriage has not yet been
set. I .
What wiih Christmas festivities and the
usuat amount of pretty gossip attendant ution
the ahuouueement of three fashionable en
gagements society has found ample material
to afford it amusement during the past week.
Not the least interesting bit of all these en
•gage.meßts — Miss Julia CrocEet and Samuel
Bucktrte, Miss Anna Hubbs and Lieutenant
iVrris'and Miss Alice Ames and Arthur Allen J
°— iv that they are all genniue iove matches and
- a thread oi romance is woven round and round
them.
Miss Alice Ames had given her heart and
promised her hand just before her departure
for Europe, almost a year ago. She studied
under Jop.chim in Berliii and were it not for ]
the impatient lover in this City she might
have" yielded to the great Joachim's temptnij;
and entrancing lurmßs; o; a bri.heut artistic
career.
As it is Mr. Allen is to be congratulated.
Miss Ames is certainly one of tiie most ta.l- '
ente d amateur violinists in addition to pos- '
sessi ng many qualities of mind and heart.
Miss Crocker's engagement ;o Mr. Buckbee ',
also dates to a time before a recent European j
visit.
Although by the announcement of her en- j
gaßement Miss Crocker has not surprised her
many iriends, yet it is only fair to say that
they were not prepared for so early an an
nouncement.
Miss Hobbs' engagement to Lieutenant
Ferris, though but recentlly ennounced, dates
back to last spring.
No definite arrangements have been made
for any of these weddings.
The event of next week will undoubtedly be
the nuptials of Miss Bessie Younger, daugh
ter of Dr. AViliiam J. Younger, and Burns
Macdonald.
The wedding is to be celebrated at noon at
Grace Church and several hundred invitations
have been issued for the ceremony. It is to
be a i-ink wedding, and roseate tones are to
prevail iv all the decorations. Miss Younger
will be attended by Miss Maud Younger, who
will officiate as maid of honor, and Miss Lucille [
Younger, Miss May Tucker, Miss Julia Crocker,
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Frances Curry and
Miss Catherine Clark, who will act as brides
maids.
Duke Baxter, brother-in-law of the groom, is
the best man, and E. M. Greenway, Samuel j
Buckbee, Herbert Younger, George Cameron, '
Frank Owen and Dr. PniliD King Brown the
ushers.
After the ceremony there is to be a bridal
breakfast at the Palace Hotel, at which only
the members of the bridal party will be
pre3snt.
The wedding of Miss Bessie Cornelia Gor
ham and Mr. Schuyler Cole topk place on ;
Thursday evening, December 17, at the resi- :
denceofthe bride's uncle and auiit, Senator '
ai 'I Mrs. John P. Jones, in Santa Monica. Tiie
bride is the only daughter of Mr. ana Mrs. E. J.
Gorhnrn ol Santa Monica. The groom is a son
M «-t-Senator Cornelius Cole, who now resides
at Oolegrove, near Los Angeles. The residence
wa.s beautifully decorated and quite a number
of guests were present. Miss Cornelia Hamil
ton wns the maid of honor, and Miss Marian
Jones and Miss Grace Cole were the brides
Original Leads ar\d FolloWs.
■ ; » c have been asked quite a number of times
to publish our system of leads. They will soon
appear in our '-Whist Don" ts," but as they may
want to be used nt our whist tournament we
give them now. John T. Mitchell Is father
Cjf par: of them. When Mr. Mitchell passes
judgment on anything pertaining to whist you
can "bank on it" being close to the mark.
: MARK WELL THE FOOTNOTES.
There is no system of leads published that
marks tne high cards in hand as well as the
following
KXW SYSTEM; OF ORIGINAL LEADS AND FOLLOWS:
; Burrs Number OF cards in SUIT.
ihEADED
I, BY Four I Five | Six j Seven
A, X, Q. .1 iQ,Aj Q, X ! Q. J Q, J
A. X, Q, 0 Q. A Q, X , Q, X QK
A, K. (i, 0!A, X ! A; X | A, X A, X
A, Q, J, 10 1 A, 10 I A, J ! A, J A, J
A, Q, J,O i A, Q A. J I A. J A J
A, Q, 0. 0 4th best 4th best 4th best A 4tb
A, O. 0, 0 4th best 4th best 4th best 1 A 4th
X, Q, J, 10 j J. X ■ J, Q j J, 10 I J, 10
K. Q,J, 0 i .!. X j J,Q | J,Q j q :
K. Q. 0, 0 K,4lh !K, 4th •X, 4ih X, 4th
K. .1, 10. 0 4th test ! 4th best 4th best 4ih besi
Q, J,,io, 0 I 10, Q i 10, J I 10, j i 10, j
The lead of ace proclaims the king, or queen
and jack, or seven in suit; the lead of king
proclaims the queen with four or more In suit;
the lead of queen proclaims the king and ace,
four or more in suit; the lead of jack pro
claims the queen and king, always denies the
ace; the lead of .ten proclaims the jack and
queen, four or more in suit.
In trumps the lead is the same excepting in
the suits headed by ace, king, two or more
small, and king, queen and two or more small.
In these two suits In trumps lead fourth best,
unless you hold seven or more cards in suit,
then lead the same as from plain suits. ■
From all other holdings lead fourth best, in
cluding jack, tun, nine and others in trumps.
Original JVump Lead With Four or
I FiVe Small.
[.For about three years we have advocated this
idea and we w.ould like to have it more gener
ally tried. . • ; ■■ ■.':: •■■ ': -' .. . -
{When you are the original leader and hold
four, five or even six small trumps and no suit
worth trying to establish, or want to protect a
high card or tenace in one of your short suits,
or when you think a lead of trump is the best
•detection oi our hand, lead i Uxe smallest
mp.ids. Mr. Seward Cole, the groom's brother,
acted as b< st man. The wedding was pleas
antly celebrated.
The Monday Evening Club will hold its sec
ond meeting at Golden Gate Hall on the even
in? of January 4.
The cotillon on Friday evening at the VPrein
given by Miss Jennie Moore, daughter of Mrs.
1. C Moore, was one of the most elaborate pri
vate afiairsof the season.
It was a leap-year entertainment, and leap
year regulations were carried out to the letter.
Tiie ladies chose their partners. A lady, the
beautiful young hostess, led the cotillon, and
the dainty" cotillon favors were curried off by
thesterner sex. Five figures were introduced—
the Debutantes' mnrch, the double column, the
hoop aitd driving figure, a mirror figure and
the figure 8.
In the first set were Miss Moore and Jesse
Triest, Mrs. Marcus Gerstle and Will Gerstle,
Miss Alice Greenebaum and Dr. Newnvin, Miss
Florence Greenebaum and Walter Stetheiraer,
Miss Grace Ilecht and Joseph Dinkelspiel, Miss
Rose Neustadter :tnd Dick Sloss, Miss Olga
Triest and Lnwrence Greenbaum.
The handsome ballroom of the Verein was
decorated with Xmas berries, mistletoe and
holly, and a most elaborate supper was served
by Ludwig.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Walter gave a dinner
party lnst Sunday evening at their residence,
ltfOa Franklin street, to celebrate the twenty
fifth anniversary of their marriage. Covers
were laid for twenty at a beautifully appointed
table.
Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck pave a matinee tea last
Saturday hi her residence, 1914 Webster street,
in honor of Miss Churchill Jones.
Another interesting event of the coming
week will be the wedding of Miss Kose Fech
lieimer and AHred Lilienfeld. Owing to the
recent death of the bride's mother the wed
dine is to be quietly celebrated and only the
immediate relatives of the contracting parties
will witness the ceremony, at which Dr. Voor
sanger will officiate.
The guests at the Hotel Rafael enjoyed a
Christmas tree on Thursday evening. General
and Mrs. R. EL Warfield, Miss Birdie Rice, the
Misses Acinms, the Misses Finnigan, D. B. Dav
idson and S. C. Pardee were among the most
active workers in the affair. Quite a sum of
money was subscribed for the presents dis
tributed from the tree, and the evening was
made a merry one in every respect.
Miss May Palmer gave a pleasant matinee
tea last Saturday at her home, corner of
Bteinei and Jackson streets, aud entertained a
number of her friends. She was assisted in
receiving by Miss Sara Dean, Miss Edna Rob
inson, Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Mattie Whit
tier, Miss Aiice Rarnbo. Miss Lottie Wood. Miss
Florence Marritt aud Miss Louise Doulton.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Betrothals Are Made Public During
the Week.
THE engagement is announced of James
Shepherd Jenks, assistant traffic manager
of the Valley road, to Miss Vibella Mar
tin, a daughter of J. C. Martin, the well-known
attorney of the Southern Pacific Company.
The engagement is announced of Miss Mat
tie Ehrman to Albert Frank. Miss Ehrman
will receive at the Hotel Richelieu, Van Ness
avenue, on this Sunday, December 27, and on
Sunday, January 3.
The marriage of Samuel G. Levy to Mis»
Lucy Hayman will be celebrated this Sunday
afternoon, 27th of December, Ht the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Hobro, 2613 Clay street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Jennie
Harris to Jacob HertzDerg, both of this City.
The reception will take place at the home of
her parents, 1210 Buchanan street, on Sun
day, January 3, ISU7, from 2 to 5 p. M.
CLUB PARTIES.
Many Delightful Entertainments
by Amateurs.
THE Master Plumbers' Association cele
brated their anniversary in pleasant
fashion at Seven Pines Hall, Aicuzar
building, on Wednesday evening, December
23. An excellent programme of literary and
athletic exercises was well received by 'the
large audience assembled.
The members of the Children's Progressive
Lyceum celebrated the twenty-flfthj anniver
sary >>i" the organization on \\ ednesday even
ing, December 23, at Pythian Castle. A Christ
mas festival and dance male an unusually
pleasant • ■vening's entertainment. The hall
was wall filled with an ajpreciative audience.
The Varsovienne Club gave an enjoyable
Christmas and New Year's social on Saturday
evening, December 2G, at 1901 Post street.
WEDDING BELLS.
Nuptials of Miss Grace Venn and
Albert Messec
LAST Sunday evening, December 20, Miss
Grace Venn and AlDert Messec were mar
ried at the residence of the bride's par
ents, 3002 Laguna street The bride, who is a
most charming and attractive girl, is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Venn of Golden Gate
Valley. The groom is the son of L. D. Messec,
a well-known horticulturist of Contra Costa
County. Miss Maud Venn, sister of the bride, ,
from four, five or even six and have the lead 1
convey this information to your partner.
This is my lowest trump. I have four or !
five or possibly six and no plain suit to estab- I
lish and you should uot return trump without
good reasons of your own for doing so.
If my partner does return trump immedi
ately he should say by so doing that he has a
suit he can bring in; net a suit to "establish,"
for if it was not established he should lead
trom it first and then return trump and not 1
until then. The original leader can "high- 1
low" at the first opportunity to tell number of
trumps if be wishes to. ; If the original leader
wants an immediate or quick return of the
trump suit then lead auy trump that can
mark a lower one in hand and number can be
shown later by the "high-low" play. If the
trump holding Is headed by a card no higher
than a nine lead from ' the -top when you want
trumps immediately returned.
private Signals Cor\derr\r\ed. .
. About three years ago we were invited by
the editor of Whist to express our views on
this important subject. In the January num
ber, 1894, we made use of these words:
"I cannot but think that the introduction of
anything in the nature of 'private conven
tionalities' must inevitably result in the with
drawal of those •highly intelligent and honor
able gentlemen who should and do disapprove
anything and everything that smacks of un
fairness or trickery';,; in a total demoraliza
tion of many whist clubs and in a rapid In
crease among whist players of that most dan
gerous of all classes therein represented— the
impostors, who would welcome any > innova
tion , which would enable them to assume a
reputation and acquire an honor which would
bring the blush to the cheek of all who labor
to elevate the game and keep It elevated above
suspicion." '-/■'' .■ V :;•- .■-.-?■"
It has been rumored that "private signals"
have been used in some of our local clubs and
will y be at our next annual tournament. Vlt
does not seem possible that any gentleman
or lady could so tar forget themselves as to go
00 record of . commuting an act a*, morally
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
was bridesmaid. Elwood Messec attended
his brother as best man. Rev. Dr. Bolto.n tied
the nuptial knot. After the ceremony the
guests participated in tne marriage supper
and many toasts were offered.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Venn,
Miss Maud Venn, Hiss Gertruae Venn, Harry
Venn, George Venn, Mr. and Mrs. F. Gilbert
and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Messec. El
wood Messec, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Luck, Mr.
and Mrs. S. T. Luck, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Mos
fsec, Mr. and Mre. J. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Wright, Miss Artie Wright, Miss Beth Wright,
MISS ALICE AMES, WHO IS TO BECOME THE BRIDE OF MR. ARTHUR ALLEN.
! Miss Millie Wright, Mr. and Mr 3. C. F. Peter
son, Mr. and Mrs. C. Oswald. Mr. nnd Mrs. E.
! Buckley and sou. Mr. and Mrs. Inwooi, Mrs.
; Hopkins, Miss Beck Bell. Miss Nellie Mr
i Intyre, Mrs. W. Keriin, Walter Kerliu, Miss
' LJly lleitmann, W. llatman, Dow Luck.
Miss Josephine Sophey and Pnul E. McMil
1 lan of Benicia were married on the evening of
'■ the 17th iust. at the Church of Notre Damedes
i Victoires. Mr. and Mrs. McMillan will make
I their future home in Benicia, Cal.
AT THE WOMAN'S COUNCIL
A Musical and Literary Pro
gramme at a Social.
THE Woman's Council held an informal
social at tne last meeting of the year on
Monday, Decembar 21. The president,
Mrs. Sylvia Brown, welcomed the members
and their guests and told of the good work
WHIST
wrong— from a whist standpoint— as picking a
pocket; an offense ot that kind, if admitted or
proven, should subject the ofl'ender to imme
diate expulsion from a club and be forever
barred from respectable society. Not to be mis
understood, we mean by "private signals" in
formation given to a partner in some other way
than speaking by the card.
The atmosphere surrounding whist, espe
cially in our whist clubs, should be pure; it
should be purged of everything that can breed
moral disease, such as playing for points or
stakes, idle gossiping and private signals.
Jacoma Versus Seattle.
Thelong-talked-of whist match between the
Tacoma and Seattle Whist clubs took plnce in
the rooms of the Tacoma Whist Club Monday,
December 14. This was the largest and most
important whist match ever played up in the
Northwest. Twenty picked players from each
city participated.
The play commenced at 2 p.m. and con
tinued until 11:30 p. M., with two hours.' in
termission for dinner at the Tacoma Hotel.
The match resulted In a victory for Tacoma
by a net gain of twenty-five tricks.
After the game a banquet was given at the
Tacoma Hotel. The Daily Ledger of Tacoma
says:
The victory was probably due to the dllf>rence
In the systems, for a number of the host Tacoma
players expressed the opinion that Seattle lost by
indiscriminate short-suit play. Quite a number of
the Seattle players appear to have taken np the
short suits, and they were frequently led; Tacoma
said nothing and played whist.
The Seattle team, while evidently considerably
disappointed at the scorp, bad nothing but words
of praise for the entertainment provided, and it
was in every way an enjoyable affair. At the ban
quet Judge Parsons acted as toastm aster, and
under the felicitous influences of the occasion the
gentlemen forgot their cares for the time being
and indulged In many pleasantries. An unique
menu card of oriental design and composition was
the subject of favorable comment and seems to be
ln large demand as a souvenir ot an occasion that
will long be recalled by every participant as an tx
tremely pleasant one,
done by the club during 189 G. Mesdames
Smith and Halstead opened ihe programme
with a praise duet. Mrs. Lida Hickok recited
"The Rajput Nurse," Mrs. C. J.Krtighin gave
the second and iifth scenes from "Romeo and
Juliet." Mrs. N. Scheeline and Miss Ruby Car
men read interesting papers. Mrs. J. M. Rey
nolds gave adelsarte pantomime of "The Old
Oaken Bucket." Miss Ethel Gfchnm, vocalist,
gavn a delichtful rendering of "Luce di Quest
Anlma." Mrs. Hickie sang "The Aye Maria"
and Miss Heffernau closed the programme
witn a piano solo. A social hour followed,
when soinu of tte charter members testified of
the Individual benefits to be gained for women
hy ft"!<l through organization.
AT CORONADO.
Holiday Festivities at the Popu
lar Southern Resort.
CHRISTMAS fun and frolic have held the
day at Coronado as well ,i»* some of
the evenings during the pnu week. On
Wednesday evening an old-ia^hioned corn
popping was inaugurated, \<>mip» mid 01.l join
ing forces to fashion festoons of suowy kernels
for the Christmas tree. The tree was placed
in the theater and on Thursday evening was
found to contain gifts lor all the children, in
cluding tho younger guests and members of
employes' families. Refresnments were
served at a late hour, and the occasion will
long be icmembered by the participants as a
pleasant feature of the'winter of 9G' nnd '97.
G. L. Blair and E. C. Ward were at Coronado
early in the week from San Francisco.
I. 8. Bache of New York, vice-president of
the Oregon Improvement Company, was a
recent visltor^at Coronado. He was accora- i
panted by Mrs. Bnche, Mr. and Mrs. I. Unter- ]
meyer and Mifr ircheflet.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Turnbull, Sloneham, I
Mass., enjoyed a lew days' visit nt tho Hotel !
Coronado while touring Southern California-!
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Lewis, from the City of \
Mexico, are s'ayins: at the Hotel Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney Palache, San Fran- ■
Cisco, spent Sunday ai the Hot«'l Coronado.
George Schonew'aid, the efficient hotel man
ager, was down from ihc north last week and
paid Hotel del Coronndo a brief visit.
William A. Newcome, who spent several
months at the Hotel Coronndo following his
return from Suulh. America last spring, has
enpaged in business as a stock broker at Lex
ington, Ky.
An exhibition of Copley prints waß given at
the Coronado library on Monday afternoon.
The "400" attended.
E. J. Crawford, Wincnester. Mass., Is a late
comer at Coronado from the cold regions.
The Thetis came into port last week, and will
lie in San Diego waters for a fortnight or more,
giving the onicers an opportunity to partici
Oakland Wins the frize Deal.
The deal that we published was sent to us
by Milton C. Work, whist editor of the Even
ing Telegraph of Philadelphia and author of
"Whist of To-day." It illustrates the
DOUBLE GRAND COUP:
Queen of hearts trumps: North to lead.
The winning card is underscored.
TRICKS.
SOUTH.
WEST.
NORTH.
J EABT.
1... ....:
a.:............
3
4...VJV........
5.7:': v. .".;.;.::
(5
7..............
8.;..;.........
9-7. :.......;.
.0.... ;..,......
.1..:.... :.-
2.;..;.../....;
3.:f:;.:r.Y:.'.C
Q*
- "b9
-K».-
29
A 4.
A*.
KQ
X * Si
AQ
Q«
? 100 -
3*
30
; 6 +
49
8*
3*
60
5« ,
- 80 :.'
: 10*.:
JO
Q9 r
AC?
10* ;
1 IOP
! r; 4+
'VSO-'.l
::*2*;--
7*
20
'60?:.
40:
79
JO k
_K9_
J*
- 99 f
i?i
50
7*
2*
70
4*
£008
6*
94b
8*
9»
North and South, 12; East and West, 1. " - '*.
"-; ;;'Gommervt& ; by JVliy Work ;;; i
Trick 1. North calls for trumps by irregular
cad. ;;■ /.... *:v:.;: , .« .-._ ir ;i \j. •*, .;r, ,-.;.-.,■,
. Trick 4. South shows no more trumps. ",
I Trick 6. South can place all the trumps, and
therefore starts "■ to give his partner informa
tiou : as -to ■ sixa rather than number, no that
North may make a coup II bis band p c rmiti.
pate in the Christmas gayeties at Hotel del
Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Ryder, Albany, N. V.,
members of the last Raymond & Whitcomb
excursion, are staviug at Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis K. Bacon and Miss
Bacon of Boston will pass the Christmas holi
days at the Hotel del Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. G. yon Steinweer of St. Paul are
sojourning at the poDUlar southern resort.
Miss K. C. Pinkham of Boston has returned
to Coronado to remain through the winter.
Miss J. B. Watson of Hartford, Conn., and
Miss G. L. Watson of aan Jose, Cal.. were vis
itors at Coronado with the Raymond party.
Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Gibson of British Colum
bia are among late arrivals at the Coronado.
Mr. aud Mrs. E. H. Cruikshank of New Ycrk
and Mr. and Mrs. I. Ingraham of Bristol, Conn.,
are stayiug at Coronado.
Captain N. Sebree of the Thetis is registered
at Coronado.
AT THE MISSION.
Miss Grace Parrish Entertains Her
Schoolmates.
MISS GRACE H. PAKRISHof the Horace
Mann Grammcr School, assisted by her
brother, Louis B. Parrish, a recent grad
uate of the same school, entertained a num
ber of her classmates at the residence of her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Parrish, 351
Lexington avenue, on Friday evening last.
The colors of the school, red and yellow,
were attached to each guestonenterlug. Sing
ing of -the old school songs aud dancing was
followed by a collation of icecream and cakes
and other delicacies. The affair was one of
the most enjoyable events in the history oi the
young people of the Mission.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. I'arrish, Miss Elsie Ing, Miss Elsie Da
Chant, Miss Edna Craig, Mi.-s Mabel Craig,
-Miss htlna Wilson, Miss Flora Smith, Miss Lil
linn Moss, Willmin Allen, Manin Walton,
William Mnurer, George Wilson, Eugene Moss,
Louis B. Pnrrish and Miss Grace Parrish.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
The Jolly Four Entertain in Honor
of Messrs. Lausten and Iversen.
A PLEASANT surprise party was given to
Hurry Lausten and Louis Iversen by the
Jolly Four last Tuesday evening at
Jtfoolf's Hall, New Montgomery street. The
hall was beautifully decorated with greens
and Chinese lanterns. Dancing continued until
midnight, after which supper was served for
Trick 8. North has played a higher spade
than diamond. South therefore leads spades.
North starts a double grand coup.
Trick 10. North completes double grand
coup.
MRS. J. D. EBY OF OAKLAND WINS THE PP.IZE.
Below we give the play of the deal as sent us
by Mrs. Eby.
TKICKS.
SOUTH.
WEST.
NORTH.
EAST.
1....:.. :....;.
3J.".'.v.V:;V:V:
4 ..;......
5
0..... ;;.;.....
7........
8...;...;.././;
ar.i.vr:.;.::;
.0..:..:. ;:.:...
.i. ....;
.2..
.3.. v. 7. •".';;'. .":
Q+
bo
X +
20
_!♦_
_£0_
X*
AQ
A*
A +
100-
3+"
30 ".
6*
40
3*
60
6*
80
10*
JO
.8+
QO ,
i ■ *O ;
10+
100
4+
50
7«k
20
6O
40
70
2+
JO
5 +
9O
7*
2*
4*
60
6*
70
8*
90
9*
9*
J +
Score : North and 3outu, 12 ; East and West, 1.
We think East holding the fourchette in
clubs should cover at trick one.
We base our decision of who wins taking Mr.
Work's illustration as the best play. Several
other answers are worthy of special mention.
Miss O. A. Dibert of the Oakland Whist Club
ibows by her piny she is a close student of the
game. Mrs. J. P. Rogers of Petaluma came
close to the goal.
Whist irv Heaven.
"I wonder if the angels play whist in
heaven," remarked the elderly gentleman be
tween rubbers.
"Yes, indeed," said the young lady to his
left.
"How do you know?" wa« the quiet reply.
'•The Bible says as much," she assumed.
"Give us the proof 1" "Where is your au
tnority7" "Quote the text!" were anione the
queries and exclamations from four tables
'• -There was silence in heaven about the
space of half «n hour'— Rev. viii: 1," was the
evidence sue offored, and without even a blush
the great game was "resumed.— l. W. H. in
Whist.
Santa jßosa. /\fter the JRideout
Jrophvj. *
Many of the clubs that will attend the third
annual whist tournament, to be held January
8 and 9 tn this City, are now in practice. Santa
Rosa will be represented with a strong playing
team in the persons of Henry G. Hahmann
PaulT. Haiimaiin, wiliiaia C. Hill and frank
W, Brown,
about sevanty-five couples. The main features
of the evening were the tricks cleverly per
formed by the Misses Cavanagh and a speech
by Mr. Lnusten, which citptured the house.
Miss Lulu Ligon was the recipient of a very
enjoyaSie surprise party on Saturday evening,
December 19. at the home of her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Leopold Ligon, 10 Monroe street.
After the evening had been pleasantly spent
in dancing and music tne guests retired to the
dining-room, where a very elaborate repast
was served.
Those present were Miss Esther Urquhart,
Miss Walsh, Miss Zimmerman, Miss Koch,
Miss Lenhn.-d:, Miss Adele L'gon, Miss A.
Troutner, Miss I. Richards, Miss Florence Li
gon, Miss C. Freshette, Miss E. Bosque, Miss
Whitenead, Miss Thorp, Mrs. Ligon. Messrs.
Walsh, Perry, Closson, Jncot, Williams, Bal
dochi, Kalish, Tyson, Jones, L. Baldochi, Sna
fer, Atkinson, Ligou, Conlon and Coltett.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
James A. Garfield Corps No. 2J
Install Officers.
AT a meeting of James A. Garfield Corps
No. 21 the following officers were elected
for the ensuing year:
President, Mrs. Margaret J. Jones; senior
vice-president, Mrs. Mary Ilowser; junior vice
president, Mrs. Lizzie Ziegler; treasurer, Mrs.
l>ora Wilkins; chaplain, Mrs. Catherine Gil
berts; guard, Mrs. Rosa Borgeman; conductor,
Mrs. Caroline Dibblee; installing officer, Mrs.
Kate M. Iloward.
There will be a joint installation of the offi
cers of post and corps at Alcazar building,
social hall, January 5, 1897.
AT SAN JUAN.
Brilliant Reception in Honor of
Senator Flint and Bride*
SENATOR THOMAS FLINT JR. and bride
were given a public reception at the
handsome residence of the Senator's par
ents near San Juan on Wednesday. The re
ception continued from the noon hour until
midnight. Friends from all parts of the county
responded to the generously extended invita
tion. The grounds wnich surround the hand
some residence were all night illuminated
with Japanese lanterns.
The orchards in the rear of the residence
was also bright with many lights. The lnko of
three acres in extent, which is situated imme
diately east ot the residence, reflected the il
luminntion. The whole scene was one of un
usuai beauty and splendor.
IN THE FUTURE.
Fashionable Organizations Pre
pare for the New Year.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 163, I. O. B. 8.,
has issued invitations for its installation
ball to he held at B'nai B'ritn Hall on
Thursday evening, January 14.
First Regiment, California Brigade, U. R. K.
of P., has issued invitations for a banquet on
Wednesday evening, December 30, at Crystal
Hall, Pythian Castle.
The Peerless announce an entertainment
and hop at Native Sons' Hall on the 7th of
January, 1897.
The pupils of W. W. Anderson's dancing
academy will give a leap year party at Sara
toga Hall on New Year's eve, December 31,
Thursday evening.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. A. Fried, formerly of this City, is pass
ing the winter in Shanghai, China, where she
is winning golaen opinions for her artistic
singing and filling engagements at musicales
and concerts.
Miss Mac C. Melrose has returned to her
home in this City, 1310 Broderick street, after
an absence of two years in the South and East,
where she has visited relatives.
Dr. and Mrs. M. Krotoszyrier have left the
Palace Hotel and are residing at 1402 Hyde
Btreet, corner of Washington.
H. Heynemnn and family have secured quar
ters at the Hotel Green, Pasadena, where they
will remain for the winter.
A Ducal Romance .
The death of Duke Wilheim of Wurtem
burg has revived recollections of a ro
mance in his iamily which awakene 1 con
siderable interest at the time. Soniesev
NEW TO -DAT— DRY GOODS. .'
While the echo of the Christmas Hurrah is still in the air re-
member that New Year's is approaching — time to get even on
the friends who remembered you, and who, perhaps, you forgot.
There is an immense display of suggestions still here awaiting
. you, and not a drowsy corner in the store.
HANDKERCHIEFS. KID GLOVES.
We have replaced aU the "sold-out" lots and Every size, .. every color and almost every
the stock is as bright and fresh as be.'ore price possible to funk of. Our glove depart
Xmas. " - ment is one of our "hobbies." .
Men's Silk Initial Handkerchiefs, full size, Ladies' Walking Gloves, wltn 2 Urge claspi,
At 25 c, 35c. sOc and 75 3" Each. In black, brown, tan, mode and red,
Men's Plain Hemstitched Silk Handkerchiefs T-..-,_ • „ ,_ ■ . • At ': $1 a Pair.
At 9 c. 35c sOc 75c and $1 OO Ladies' English V alkinir Gloves, with 4 largt
* t. At 25C, 35C, sue. /£»C and $1.00. pearl buttons and latest embroidered backs, in'
, Ladies' X Scalloped Embroidered Hand all colors, • . ■ - • -.- At $1.50 a Pair.l
cniefs in entirely new designs, .■>-.. : ; Ladies' 3-Cla*p Trefousse i Pique Gloves (best
At 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc and 75c Each, quality), in ail the latest shades, for street
Children's Handkerchiefs in an enaiess wear * ? At $2 a Pair.]
riety of styles. . ■ ; ; Men* Kid Gloves, at $1 and $1.50 a Pair
• r..runn rnnnc " . Children's Kid Gloves, with plain and with
LEATHER GOODS. fur tops, at $1 a Pair.
•■ A display that is overflowing with novelties. We issue Glove Order Cards for as many pain
Alligator Combination Books, with sterling 0 Glove« as yon wisn to present, for which the
•liver corners, at $1 50, $1 05, $2, $2 50 and recipient can get any size or color at any time
$3 50 each. v -• desired. • ; ;
Black Seal Combination Books, with sterling [^ '? and3 ?? a 5a 5 "n,; Cachet presented Witk
silver corners, at 75c, 81, $1 50, $2 and $2 50 iacjl Glove Order oi $5 or over.
each. ,'.■-.■■■.,..■ - "V ■ ... _■- -. ;. _ FANS' - ■ ■
Morocco Combination Book, with sterling v - t. « 'i. * • ■v '. ■ .«>
silver corners, at 65c, 85c, $1 25, *2 and $3 Never before have you seen such bargains in
each. . : - * '•"'(Fans as we are offering this -vt-ek.
'< Gents'. Wallets, at 85c, $1, $1 50, SI 75 and Em P ir Fans (small fan), richly painted and
82 50 each • ■ ■ ipaugled with curved and decorative sticks, in
Children ; S Purses. 100,250 and 50c each. . each? loringS> at 750 *1 fs'f 5 '? 1 9 °' * 2 t0
CUSHIONS. . ' • j Ostrich Feather Funs, made from the choicest
Never. was such a mass of cushion ' prettinessi plumes ' at .*7 25 -' * 8 75 ' * 11 00 to * 33 each -
■■: Boo Silk-covered Down Cushions, in entirely: ■ Gauze Fans, hand painted, at 73c, $1, $1 50.
new Brocaded and Embroidered designs, trim-* to 815 each. ■- ■ - . ;rv> , .
mcd wit li 75 ands7 ruffle or cord, at $2 75. STERLING 'SI LVBR.- -
«4. «5. *(> 75 and *7 50 each. ' STERLING SILVrrR.
■ ■ • "— — 'I An Bssortment of the latest novelties, irre-
Visit Our Decorative Art Rooms sistlbly prt : tty f « irl> - pri^ d -
And see our Grand Display of Fancy : Work FREE STAMPING. '"
comprising; an. endless vaiiety of choice art!-! - All materials purchased in oar store stamped
o.les. at T>noen within the reach of all. ifree of charge. . ■ ; ' - -
125,127, 129, 131 KearnySt.
BRANCH STORK, MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE OCR
743 AND 744 MARKET STREET. I - PROMPT ATTENTION. * '
enteen years ago the late Duke's favorite
niece, Duchesß Pauline of Wurtemburg,
made the acquaintance of a yountr doctor
from lireslau, who had been called in to
attend her mother while in Camruhe.
The result was such strong mutual affec
tion that the Duchess announced h»r in- 1
tention of following the dictates of her \
heart at all costs, even if it meant that she .
must sacrifice name and rank before she
could marry a simple commoner. Her de
cision aroused a storm of opposition, and
all kinds of difficulties were raised, at one
time threatening the young people with
entire separation.
Opposition, however, only strengthened
Duchess Pauline in her determination,
and she wisely appealed to her uncle, who,
touched by her constancy, gave his con
sent, as head of the ducal line, to the
match, and silenced all objections. The
marriage took place soon after in the little
church at Carlsruhe, and the. Duke him
self iving '"Paul yon Kirchbach" away.
As Frau Dr. Wilhelra, the Duchess now
leads a simple but perfectly contented
existence with her clever husband and
family, consisting of a 15-year-old son and
two youngest daughters, and the death of
the uncle to whom she owvs her happiness
will be a deep sorrow to ncr. — The Lady'i
Pictorial.
EVOLUTION OF THE UMBRELLA.
From the Old-TimeWhulebnne Spreader
to tiie Bow Channel Steel.
Forty years or so ago umbrellas were
made with stretchers or bows of whale
bone. These bows were rather balky in
themselves, and they were apt to get a lit
tle permanent bend from long uss so that
they bulged when the umbrella was rolled
ap; making the big, baggy umbrella
familiar to middle-aged aud older people,
and occasionally still seen, though on the
stage oftener than iv real life.
With the introduction of petroleum
into general use as an illuminating oil,
and the consequent and very general
abandonment of the use of whale oil, came
the decline of the whaling industry.
Fewer and fewer vessels went after whale's,
because there was less and less demand
for the oil.
Of course, the supply of whalebone de
creased with the supply of oil, but the price
did not, nor did the demand. There are
still some uses for which whalebone is con
sidered most desirable, and with constant
demand and decreasing supply the price
of whalnbone steadily advanced, as it ha.i
continued to do. Whalebone soon became
too costly to permit of its mrther ue for
umbrella spreaders, and substitutes for it
were sought for this u^e, as there were for
other uses in which whalebone had been
employed. Steel was tiie substitute gen
erally used in umbrella stretcher*. At
first a slender, round, tempered steel roa.
With these slenderer bows the umbrella
could be more snugly rolled and the oid
bag^y umbreila began to disappear ana
the modern tight-roller to take its place.
Then came umbrella bows of light steel
roiled in V shape, and then, in the quest
for a still tighter roller, umbrella handles
were made of metal. The first tubing
handles were made of brass. Steel would
have been cheaper, but there had then
been discovered no satisfactory method
of brazing steel tubes such as are used in
umbrella handles. There is such a method
now, however, and umbrella handles <f
steel tubing are now made in great num
bers.
And nowadays many spreaders are made
of steel, rolled channel-sniped. In cross
section this spreader is shaped something
like a capital letter E without a tongue,
and the ribs of the umbrella — the steel
rod 3 that run from the sliding ferrule, or
runner, as it is called, on tne handle of the
umbrella, by means of which the um
brella ia spread— are so attached and ad
justed to the spreaders that they shut into
the channels when the umbrella is closed.
New York Sun.
The King and Queen of Greece live in
simple style, cbeertully adapting the«r ex
penses to the impecunious plight of the
country, and their Majesties, it is said,
often "take the tram" when they want to
run down to the port of Athens.FROM GREATER NEW YORK
(/\ Budget of interesting NeWs ar\d Qossip
About the California Golony in the
Eastern Metropolis
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 20.-Happy
New Year to all! Laugh and sing, keep
the Heart light and the brain free from
the subtle poison of inaction 1 Thins of
i he glad days— not of the sad days. The
s-weet new year, with its twelve short
months, will surely bring* to everybody
the realized hopes and fulfilled ambitions
which they have long treasured in their
lives, for, remember,
litre on every battlefield of doubt
Hope has her flag oi victory unfurled.
To all a joyous New Year!— a votre
Same.
There isn't a Californian in this part of
the country who don't wish he or she were
back on the "old ground" to-night. It's
funny the way we humans love the scenes
of our childhood, and how wo dins: to the
liappy memories always, and how our
throats will swell till the tears come and
our hearts go humpety-bump when we
think of all the golden days which have
slipped out of our lives, never to be found
again— never. It's queer that we never
think of the sad days; we learn to get for
them, perhaps; all we want is to muse
over the gladness that was and the happi
ness that will be.
Ever since George Crocker and his hand
some bride located at the Waldorf, nearly
a month ago, they have been inspecting
.brownstone houses on the avenue and
lather fashionable portions of the ciiy, with
rheviewof purchasing and making this
city tueir future home.
If rumor whispers truth, they will
shortly move from the Waldorf into their
own mansion.
Mrs. Crocker's pretty daughter, Miss
Rutherford, is a debutante, and there will
doubtless be considerable entertaining and
delightful little affairs given in her honor
this winter.
Colonel and Mrs. M. H. Hecbt left for
home on Wednesday.
Mrs. O. A. Hale of San Jose, with her
young daughter, Miss Clarissa Hale, has
taken apartments at the Majestic, wtiere
they stopped last winter. Miss Clarissa
"wiJl continue her musical studies here.
E Saunders, who has been for so many
years connected with Murphy, Grant &
Co., has been a guest at the Grand Hotel
during the past two weeks.
He started West on Monday, but will
not reach San Francisco until after Christ
ma'?, as business will keep him in Roches
ter several days, and Chicago near a week.
Colonel J. F. Wade and wife, formerly
at the Presidio, floated into town the early
part of the weetc, did some holiday shop
pine, and then hurriei down to Washing
ton, D. C, where they intend to pass the
greater part of the winter.
A. M. J. Ellison arrived on Saturday
ani registered at the Imperial.
William J. Younger, Miss Younger and
Mi = s C. Younger passed through the city
this evening on their way to California,
where Miss C. Younger is to be married.
'Tis said there will be another wedding
n the family next sprins. It will take
j.iace In Europe, and an officer of rank in
the Russian army will be the lucky bride
groom. •
George H. Lusson, son of Dr. M. G. Lus
son, the prominent physician of San Jose,
was facing a jolly snowstorm the. other
morning, and as he walked up Broadway
he looked like a modern smoothfaced
f^anta Claus, full of health and vigor.
George left the paternal roof about five
years ago, and though he has not entered
a scientific profession such as his learned
father would have chosen for him he has
proven that he has marked ability in the
commercial world. He says that he will
reiurn to California Just as soon as he has
.made a fortune sufficient to buy a home in
the Garden City. If he continues as suc
cessful as in the past two years he will not
have to wait many years before he returns
home with a comfortable fortune.
William Goad of San Francisco has been
busy greeting friend*, attending to busi
ness affairs and taking in the theaters
during the past week. He is putting up
at tne Grand Hotel.
It becomes almost exasperating to meet
some recent arrival from California and
hear then say, "We don't intend to re
main in the East long; we will return
home iri a week or so! ' We transplanted
ones feel a twinge of sadness and envy,
perhaps, to hear that simple word of
promise and peace — borne.
' Major E. T. Wiicox and wife remained
in the city but a few days this time and
t ben continued on to Washington. Maior
Wiicox is weil known in the army and
navy circles on the coast. He was long
stationed at Mars Island.
L^uis H. Hinkeibein of San Jose visited
The Call ofiiceon Park Row last Tuesday.
He is in excellent ?pir ts, and says busi
ness on the coast is booming.
Mrne. Emily E. Lassangue, ex-president
of the late "Mu-rcal College of Southern
California," arrived from France last Sat
urday very ill from the rough voyage, but
very uappy to be back in America.
Mme. Lassangue. it will be remembered,
was f>>r four or five years the president of
the Musical Coliece in Los Angeles. In
1593 she went to Europe to take a mucb
r.eeded rest. During her absence tne coY
lege was destroyed by fire, and she has
postponed her return to America until
now. Her holidays will be spent with
.' friends in Washington, D. C. Immedi
ately after the New Year she will start for
f-an Francisco, where she purposes to es
tablish a vocal and musical academy.
Madame Las«an?ue has a voice of remark
able strpngth and beauty, and she declares
she can impart her knowledge as a concert
and operatic singer to her pupils. She is
a graduate of the Paris Conservatoire and
has enjoyed the flush and pride of being
a successful composer. Her many friends
vrill be happy to welcome her back to the
Golden Gate.
J. P. Hopkins, a mining superintendent
and promoter of mining properties, has
b<-en n conspicuous figure down about
Wall, li.oad and Nassau streets during the
mist ten days. His stories about nis re
cent trip lo Alaska are very interesting.
We aii like to hear a good story, because
1 pood stories make us laugh. Marshal
I. Wilder, that remarkable little man,
tl:ou-rh dwarfed in size, is a giant in origi
nal wit and unusual intelligence. Here's
a cute iittlc yarn of his :
A family take summer quarters ia-New
Jersey. First night in the country bouse.
Fond mamma hears little Ethel's pray
ers-, and starts out with the lamp. Ethel
' cries:
'On, mamma, mamma, don't leave me
in the dark!" Fond mamma smiles
hweetiy and says:
"Shush! God's angels will take care of
mamma's little girl."
Exit mamma and lighted lamp.
iWe silent minutes elapse, then an un-i
earthly yell comes from the dark bed
room.
Frightened mamma rushes to door.
"What is the matter, raydariing; what
is it?"
Child answers shrilly: "Mamma, one of
God's angels bit me!"
[Poor child had never heard of the New
Jersey mosquitoes.]
Among the many gifted young women
who have come to New York to study and
perfect themselves in the arts is one who
was born in San Francisco and reared in
Californir.*Her name is Ethel Irene Stew
art, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. F
Stewart, late of Los Angeles.
Miss Stewart has a pure soprano voice
of wonderful range and flexibility, bhe is
only 17 years old and her voice is almost
phenomenal. She reminds one of dear
little Emma Nevada in her younger days.
Her voice and manner are similar. She
will continue her studies here under
Mme. Cappiani and ultimately finish for
the operatic stage in Paris.
Mme. Melba has heard her sing and
predicts great things for her future. She
is heart and soul in her work and is de
termined to succeed. Californians seldom
fail and this little Californian cannot.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mann have a young
ETHEL IRENE STEWART.
i daughter in her teens who will be heard
from before many years. At present she
is being educated r.t the Sacred Heart
Convent, just out of New York.
The weather is very wintry, and every
i body is wishing for a white Chri3tma9 and
I New Year. The othor evening a man ex
j clcimed that he hated snow because it
I made slush, and with an apologetic smile
be explained that perhaps if he loved
slush he mit:ht like snow better. He re
minds one of the girl who said, "I'm glad
I I don't like oyster', because if I liked
them I would eat them, and I hate them."
Again a glad New Year!
Tbella Foltz Tolasd.
34 Park Row.
CUBA A LAND
OF RICHES
The following facts concerning Cuba will
be mteresiing at this time. They are ob
tained from an authority that will not be
questioned. No one is better titled to dis
cuss tne affairs of Cuba than Fidel G.
P:erra, ex-secretary of the Pan-American
Congress.
Cuba is a rich country, prodigally en
dowed by nature. Some oilier productions
are unrivaled; tobacco, for instance. A
hundred pounds of line Vtielta Abajo cigar
wrappers bring about $300 more than the
be««t of any other country. The principal
productions are sugar, tobacco, coffee,
cocoa, bananas, cocoanuts, wax, cedar,
mahogany and other woods. Some years
tne total exports have amoui ted to $83,
000,000, of which some $58,000,000 were ob
tained from molasses and sugar und $9,000,
000 from tobacco in various forms.
The total population of Cuba before the
present war bepan was composed of 1,631,
000 souls— 9so,ooo white Cubans, 500,000
colored Cabana and 160,(00 Spaniards.
Two hundred years after the conquest of
Cuba her population did net exceed 50,000
souls; 100 yeais later it did not reach
200,000.
During her rule of 400 years Spain has
not taken a single step tend. ng to the de
velopment of the country or to the well
being of her people. Her centralized,
complicated and inefficient administra
tion, dominated by a blind spirit of rou
tine, has always looked upon reform as
a dangerous experiment. The Spanish
Government, unwilling and incompetent to
act, has been a perpetual obstruction to
all individual action, even in private mat
ters.
For thr-e centuries Cuba was con
demned to neglect. Throughout the
fourth the mother country's management
may be characterized in three words:
"Violence, subjection nn 1 plunder."
T;i«re was en uprising in 1823, another in
1826, uorisinss in 1830, 1848, 1850, 1855, and
then came the awful uprising in 1868.
There was another in 1885. The present
began on the 24:h of February, 1895.
The revolt in 1868 was prolonged ten
years, and, according to the efficial reports
submitted to the Spanish Uovernment,
cost 45,000 lives and over $1,000, 000,000.
Spain lost by her own showing 90,000 men
in those ten years, the preaw portion suc
cumbing to disease. Then, as now, the
forces employed were mere boys. The
climate proved a thousand fold more de
structive to the invaders than to the in
surgents.
In those ten years 13,000 estates belong
ing to Cubans were confiscated. B'twe^n
Decembers. 1868, and November 10, 1873.
no less than political prisoners were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
executed, and between March 1, 1869, and
November 7, 1873, 4672 persons were re
ported captured by the Spaniards and
nothing has ever been heard of their fate.
These figures are compiled from Spanish
official documents.
The Spanish Government has asserted
time and again that whatever may have
been the political condition of the Cuban
people previous to 1876, since then they
have not only been allowed to send repre
sentatives to the Spanish Cortes, but they
have enjoyed many liberties — almost as
many, they have said, as are enjoyed by
the people of the United States.
How far the resident Spaniards monopo
lize the electoral franchise is shown by the
single fact that, although in every 100 of
the population there are only ten Span
iards as ngainst ninety Cubans, for every
representative elected by the Cubans the
Spaniards elect at least seven and some
times ten. In other words, tne 1,450,000
Cubans are represented when most suc
cessful by seven Deputies, sometimes by
only three, while the Spanish element
have been represented by twenty-three to
twenty-seven, the total number of Depu
ties being forty.
Personal liberty in the sense that it is
exeicised by every individual in the
United States has never been known in
Cuba. The laws as they are enforced now
— as they were enforced before the present
uprising— do not permit freedom of loco
motion. In the midst of profound peace
and without process of law Cuhans^ were
cast imo prison and deported. No Cuban,
whether man, woman or child, can ven
ture out of his house unless provided
with a license — a government license cost
ing from twenty-five cents to $50. Even
beggars are not exempted. Tuat is the
law and the practice.
Cubans do not enjoy the right of hold
ing public meetings. They may ask the
authorities' permission to do so twenty-
Jour hours in advance. It may or may
not be granted. When granted, a public
officer is prt-sent with power to discon
tinue the meeting whenever he deems it
proper. Even associations are forbidoen
to iiold general meetings. Such pnvi-
leges have been withheld from the Associ
ation of Pianters and the Association of
Artisans. If a Cuban wishes lo hold a
reception at his louse, he must first ob
tain a license and pay for it.
The Cubans have no voice in the elec
tion 01 officers immediately over them.
From the Captain-General down, all the
oflicials are appointed in Spain, and the
appointees are, of course, Spaniards.
The Cubans have neither voice nor vote
in the imposition of the taxes or in the
expenditures of the revenue. AH that is
done in Spain. They t>re taxed every
yeur to tha extent of from $26,000,000 to
$30,000,000. Of this vast sum only about
$7'j0,000 has ever bsen appropriated for
internal improvements in the island, for
the construction of public buildings, re
pairs of roads, telegraph lines, harbor im
provement!, lighthouses, etc., but it is
notorious that rarely is one-half of the
amount applied in that manner. The re
xnßinder is stolen.
During the last twenty-five years not
one foot of highway has been constructed |
or one yard been added to the telegraph'
lines. It is notorious that the filth of the
harbor of Havana :s a menace to the
health of the city, and even to that of the
ciies on the Atlantic coast of the United
States.
Of the pum 'aised by taxing Cuba, $11,
5CU,000 is employed to pay interest on the
debt of Spain; $7,000,000 to pay for the
army and navy of Spain, and $5, 000,000 for
salaries to Spanish employes in and out
of the island. Oiu of from $26,000,000 to
$30,000,000 of expenditures, not one cent is
disbursed for public education.
TLo amount of moneys stolen by the
officers who hnve been sucking the life
out of Cuba can only be roughly approx
imated ; but the official records show that
in 1891 350 employes high and low were
convicted of frauds, yet every one of them
esc:i» crt without punishment.
The Spanish General Pando in a speech
delivered in the Cortes on March 22, 1890,
after stating in detail ihe numerous frauds
of which there was documentary evi
dence, recapitulated them as follows:
"The liquidation of confiscated estates
shows a uericit of $14,000,000, the defalca
tion!) n the Board of Debt amount to over
$ 12.000,000 without including the last one
10 which Oteiza has given his name. Now
ad<! ing these items to those already
stated w« have arrived at a grond total of
over $40,000,000." The Oteiza frauds were
found to amount to several millions alone.
Tiiij is not all. The Cubans are com
pelled to buy of Spain some $38,000,000 an
nually of merchandise which they conld
get e'sewbere. principally from the United
States, from 20 to 25 per cent cheaper if
the customs tariff did not favor Spanish
manufacturers to the extent of from 250 to
(iOO per cent.
The testimony of all who have visited
Cuba and had opportunity to investigate
the affairs of the island points overwhelm
ingly to one conclusion: "That whatever
progress it, the path of civilization the
Cubans have accomplished, th«»y owe 10
their own unaided efforts, frequently ob
structed and entirely nullified by the ig
norance, pride, greed and stupidity of the
mother country." When it is remembered
that Cuba has in various ways fed the ra
pacity of the Spaniards for a long series of
years to the extent of $55,000,000 and $60,
000,000 per annum, an idea can be formed
of the vitality and capacity of the island
to produce wealth.
Says M. Pierra: "So soon as the forbid
ding and paralyzing power of Spain shall
have disappeared from the island, the
capital and enterprise which hereto ore
have kept aloof, being sure of their re
ward, will flow into tne country in order
to develop and transform all the'elements
<•: latent wealth w ich for centuries have
remained untouched and useless; and
Cuba, under the beneficent influence of
capital and industry, ull trammeled and
free, will become an emporium ol wealth
and one of the most inviting and happiest
abodes on the globe,"
FRAUD IS CHARGED
AGAINST THE DEAD
Elizabeth Waters Said to
Have Deceived the
Probate Court
Took All of Her Husband's
Estate, When Entitled to
Only One-Halt
After Her Death Other Heirs Ap
peared and Have Filed Applica
tion for Their Shares.
Margaret Mulcahey, John H. Waters
and Catherine A. Woods have by their
attorneys, Myrick & Deering, file! a com
plaint against Ilezekiah Dow, Susan H.
Hines, C. G. Hines, Mary Ann Hadley,
Arthur A. Dow, Chester Q. H. Follansbee,
Joseph Stevens, Darius Stevens, Ann R.
Shirley, Clinton Shirley, Eliza \V. Fur
geson, Frank W. Furgeson and Hezekiah
Dow as special administrator of the estate
of Elizabeth Waters, deceased, for tbe
purpose of recovering an interest in the
estate of Arthur Waters, who died in
testate in this City December 31, 1892.
The plaintiffs aver that at the time of
the death of Arthur Waters, Elizabeth
Waters, now deceased, was his wife, and
that the plaintiffs here mentioned were
related to said Arthur Waters, Margaret
Mulcahey being his sister and John H.
Waters and Catherine A. Woods being
the only children of a dead brother of
Arthur Waters. As Arthur Waters left
him surviving no child or children «nd
no child or children of any deceased
child, the plaintiffs claim a share of the
estate, of which they declare they were
defrauded by the late Elizabeth Waters.
At the time of tbe deatb of Arthur Wa
ters his widow. Elizabeth Waters, fals- ly
and fraudulently reported to the court
that she was the sole living heir to his es
tate, and thereby deceived the court so
that ihe entire estate was distributed to
her. ' 'lo make sure of her scheme she con
cealed from these plaintiffs the fact that
Arthur Waters had died and they, living
in Eastern cities, did not learn of his
death until after she died, in June, 1895,
and her estate was in process ol adminis
tration. Mrs. Waters left a will bequeath
ing her property to the persons named in
this complaint as defendants, and the
matter of the distribution is stiii pending
in the Probate Court, a contest to toe will
having been filed.
The plaintiffs declare that Mrs. Waters
was entitled to only one-half of the estate
of Arthur Waters, and that at the time
she obtained possession of the entire
estate by false testimony she well knew
that one-fourth of the property rightfully
belonged to Margaret Mnlcabey and one
eighth each to John H. Water 3 and Cathe
rine Woods.
Some valuable -eal e«tate is involved in
the present suit, one lot being at the cor
ner of Polk anM Geary streets, in this
City, 82> L 'xl2o feet in size, and another
lot, 2Ox(37J^. on Pine street, near Dupont.
Tfce personal property is valuable prop
erty, and there is $2605 10 in cash.
In view of the fact that Mrs. Waters
took possession of the property with an
intention of defrauding the plaintiff?,
and inasmuch as they were not informed
of the death cf Arthur Waters and not
permitted to be represented at the time
: his estate was distributed, they demand
that the court enter a decree establi>hir.c
tne fact that when the property was dis
tributed to Elizabeth Waters she took the
same and held it at the time of her dea'h
charged in trust in favor of the plaintiffs
for their respective shares in said estate,
nnd the piaintifts further ask that the
special administrator cf the estate be re
quired to deliver to them the shares to
which they are entitled.
Jhe Babvj.
Like a tiny glint of light piercing through the
dusty gloom
Comes her little laughing face through the shad- ;
ows of my room. -
And my pen forgets Its way as it hears her
patt'ring tread,
While her prattling treble tones chase the though.
— from out my bead. ;
She is qoeen and I her slave, one who loves her
'and obeys. -. '
For she rules her world of home with Imperious
baby ways. "
In she dances, calls me "Dear!" turns the pages
of my books;
Throws herself upon my knee, takes my pen with
laughing looks.'
Makes disorder reign supreme, turns my papers
. upside down, •
Draws -■ me . cabalistic signs, safe from fear of any
frowu. I
1 Crumbles all my verses up pleased to hear too
crackling soudl. ■ '-'
Makes | them \ Into bells, and then— flings them all
upon the ground. . .J.:
Suddenly she flits away, leaving me alone »?aln
With a warmth about my heart, and a brighter,
clearer brain.
And although \ the thoughts return that her com
ing drove away, :' "
The remembrance of her laugh lingers with me
V through the day. ■ .
And it chances, as I write, I may take a crumpled
sheet,' ' ■ : ;.
On the which, God knoweth why ! read my fancies
:. twice as sw«-et- . Victor Hugo.
SOLDIERS UNEARTH A MOSAIO.
A Roman I ortrait of Virgil Composing
th« £;ieid Discovered in Tunisia.
Since the French have established them
selves in Tunisia, Sousse has been a
strategic point, in the vicinity of which is
a camp for the Fourth Sharpshooters'
Regiment. During tho Roman times, on
that same spot, was an important city by
the name of Hadrumeturu, the capital of
the Byzacene. There antique remains
have often been met with.
Among the more interesting is a mosaic
pavement, lately brought to light by the
soldiers while engaged in the building of a
road. This mosaic is about nine feet
square, and its subject is "Virgil Writing
tho Eneid." The poet is seen fall face,
draped in a blue-bordered toga and seated
in a chair, his feet resting on a stoo!. He
holds on his knee a roll of papyrus half
folded, on which is written this verse from
bis poem :
Mu;a. m;hi causas memora quo numino laego
•■-•Qnldve. , - , ..» y
His right hand is resting on his breast,
bis head is erect, his eyes have a look of
inspiration, and 1 c is listening to Clio and
Melpomene, who stand back of him as if
they were h dicta ;i hi* verses. This
mosaic is faultless in execution, and with
the exception of a few blue spots, all made
of f marble. The «; number';: of ' shades • is
limited, but the artist 7 has ■ inana.ed to
bestow ; upon his subject a treat broadness
of ; execution \ and S a 5 charming > brilliancy,
by a skillful combination of colors.' r;
This ; ancient work of art seems to cor
roborate the opinion expressed by some
critics that the verse above quoted was the
first of tbe \ Eneid, the preceding •- ones
being of more modern interpolation. — Mew
Nork Sun. '"■:<-" " ■
"' . ; ■■ ,' "... »■ ♦ — • — '- ■. . .•■,-" ■•■'■'
: '■ It is calculated V : that . there are felly
70,000 ' Germans living '( in London at the
present time.
■ '■" ',":'' - :; .; ' '■■:."'• SEW TO-DAT-DKT GOODS. ;:■-:,;-':..:;;■ "■:. , •■' . ■-,' • -- ;; ...-.•■•.'
GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE
\
-■■''-■',"- ' ■- . :.••" 7~7 ~- ':■■' :-ir\. -}•'?, .-«•■ j •■■•'■'-' ■■■■;- ■.-■.. :- ■ -i- ••.■■.-.■..• ■"■ .. ■ ■; '■• -; .'.■■}-. '
■ This winter we begin our Annual Sacrifice Ciearance Sale A WEEK
EARLIER THAN USUAL owing to the VAST QUANTITIES OF GOODS
TO BE DISPOSED OF, our Fall and Winter stock having been of such
UNPRECEDENTED MAGNITUDE that we still have A TREMENDOUSLY
HEAVY SURPLUS on hand notwithstanding our enormous sales to date.
Those who have profited by these sales in the past need not be told
of the MATCHLESS OPPORTUNITIES PRESENTED TO REPLENISH
SUPPLIES, but even they are bound to be surprised when they learn
that the necessity of clearing out all these goods in the short time
allotted the sale FORCES US TO MARK DOWN EVERYTHING to figures
corresponding with the following
ALMOST INCREDIBLE CUTS IN PRICES!
COLORED DRESS GOODS BLACK DRESS GOODS!
AffOK/, I 3 cases 38-INCH FANCY ; FIGURED DRESS .A x Of). 140 pieces 89- INCH ALL PURE- WOOL STORM
A.V £iO\j*\ GOODS, ; camels -hair effects, regular price 50c, Al O\J\j. \ SERGE, marked down from 50c to 30c a yard.
clearance sa.e price 25c a yard. . OOpK p 40 p>ces 39-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH MO-
lifl* 14 cases 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY '**■* OOK,, | HAIRS, marked down from 50c to 35c a yard.
At 40t. I STRIPED a DRESS GOODS, regular price 60c, .. fSfig. . 50 pieces sg-iNCUALL PURE WOOL SCOTCH
clearance sale ice 25c a yard. At OOC. | CHEVIOT, reduced from $150 to 85c a yard.
A-f |2ca»es 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY SCOTCH . , tfi AA , „, _ iprM ho tvph fvtua hV/vvv ait
At d&C.J HEATHER SUITING regular price 50,. clear- At $1.00 WO?LENULIs£ BO?J?BTTE? wdlLfrom
ance sale price 35c a yard. ?l sto Ha yard. ■"■■■" , . -
A + K(\n I 3 cases 52-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH » AVAL \ ■ "• ■ - --■ • •■■•■:■
J±l) U\Jij» I STORM SERvE, regular price $1, clearance sale :
A+ K(\it I cases 43-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL TWO- Sll ' K^-' Llhl Al< I iVlbiN I . ' '
A+ KH/> I 2 cases 43-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL TWO- OIL.IV L/CI_^VIV I iTldl^ I .
ill OUt. I TONED SCOTCH MIXED SUITING, regular V, RA/. 1 5000 yards FANCY MGURED AND STRIPED
price $1, clearance sale price £0c a yard. A.I DVL. \ TAFFETA SILK, regular price $1, clearance sale
ax tAp 12 cases 38-INCH ALL-WOOL SUITING, in price 50c a yard.
ilt UUt. | boucle and figured effects, regular price $1, clear- * a t; A^ I 1000 yards BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN
ance sale price 50c a yard. ill tH/C. | SILK, regular price 75c, clearance Eale price 50c a
11 IKn I 2 esses 46 and 49 INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY yard. _____^
At I Ut. I SUITING, in stripes. and figured, regular price Un* I 6"X» yards SHADED SILK PLUSH, 24 inches
$1 23, clearance sale price 75c a yard. ilt^ I tit. | wide, extra quality, regular price $3 50, clearance
ii (1 AA I l case 44-INCH ALL-WOOL AND SILK- sale price 73c a yard.
ilt 4>1.v1/. I AND- WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, Ii Q*? o 11250 yards BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, 24
< in all the latest weaves, regular price $150, ilt OOt. | inches wide, regular price $1 25, clearance sale
clearance sale price $1 a yard. , price 83c a yard. ■ / •
DC? 71/1 XT A XTTTCL I Remnants and Dress Lengths of Biack and Colored Dress Goods and Remnants
tvE«A"li>lr\J.^l I «3 I of Plain and Fancy Silks will be closed out at Greatly Reduced Prices.
EMBROIDERIES! i CAPES JACKETS. MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
t*^t~ _,__,_._ < KfiffitfB > At About 150 dozen, the remainder of
At 364 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROID- A3g<3Kas IC n our and 35c Men's Silk Treks
6, ERY, regular price 10c, clearance VS&ESSflik^ '"" Four-in-Hands, Windsors, Bows
j sale price 6c a yard. fJNIHMS' etc., will be closed out at 15c each.
At 292 pieces CAMBRIC GUIPURE ,*WJ[ »* ■ ?& .^^effiinco*^^ o^ 8 '
IT. EMBROIDERY, regular price 12>£c, Jm&Sfflk^ At HEAV * SEAMLESS SOCKS, in
|C clearance sale price 7c per yard. " >^^OT^K^^v To br . own ] 8 - te Jans, etc., finished
jjfigfli '-*' wnti double heels and toes, reguiar
MHttjlv'&fi'- '^Hfli!R\^lJ£^f^>.- price $1 50 a dozen; Clearance Salt)
At 247 pieces CAMBRIC GUIPURE «Ssil' ' % IBISI I>ricc ....... a »■.»..
A.j EMBROIDERY, regular price 15c, asifiKS^S^lMf^SSEESa^
JC clearance sale price 9c a yard. JSSS^^S^^S^l^&i. ' 220 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISH-
'JSB^^J^^^W^S^^. At ED HEAVY VICUNA MERINO
■ -'■■■ ' £M TW&mfaE^ ■' "' '"' "■" ■ %$t<XE&S3L'' 19 ! P SOCKS, with double spliced heels
At B9p.ec* CAMBRIC GUIPURE i^^M^ f ■ «g|& " clearance^^ce^U
jj» EMBROIDERY, regular price 20c, 1 * v -- : .|' < ' ; ':m'la&f!™
lIC clearance sale price lie a yard. I^&fc;/ssjS£'- " $'■ ffs& "' — " —
■-■ ' j^^^^Tr^rm^^ 182 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISH-
"~~~  i^^^^W^^ At ED FANCY MIXED MERINO
a* 011 n ;.« M ivRDTP r< tt tr> rr -c AG3£st%!fete\x&&i&in9i. 10ln SOCKS, ''in sanitary grays, cadets,
, A i EMBROIDERY?r l egu?a7pr!cY^ — LaDIES'-BL ACK BEAVER 12^ .ans, w.'th double^li^/beels and
lot clearance sale price 13c a yard. :■; At DOUBLE CAPES, upper cape * oes - :. m»m »™ ff * c tur^ r , 3n3 n P ' lC!} Jf, a
■/- :- -,', '- *V J : $9 Aft trimmed with braid and ed^ed dozen; Clearance Sale price 12>*c a
tp..VV with fur.. storm oollar to match, P alr * .
■• ■ ; regular price $3.50; Clearance
Sale price $2. 96 dozen MEN'B UNDYED 8AN1-
....-.- : . —^rv. At I TARY WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
HANHk'PDrHIFPQI I^SifiF/lU^ ; ln I and DRAWERS, warranted shrunk,
n/\i>ILHYCKVIIIEr:3I rJSnorffrff ' regular price $1; C.earanco Sala
366 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL-
At LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER A^s^f^ 75 doZ9n MEN'S HEAVY CAM-
a, LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS F'^'^jW' At EL HAIR UNDERSHIRTS and ,
vC (slightly im perfect), regular price ' &r%» '8"' • ■ 7*ll* DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly -
$75 per* dozen, clearance sale price . n V JCL_^^^> lull shrunk, regular price $125; Clear-
9c eacn. V "^^^^i^. ance Sale price 75c each.
jg^^^^t^^^V' :: h^^^j^^ I AHIFS' AND CHII -
LADIES' KID GLOVES! WMUflt. '-^^^ DREN'S UNDERWEAR.
i^^^i^Hr I '^^^^^S^fiS9' ' CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED
112 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED W^JFW ¥«•' 7Vi '^AZ^^W At EGYPTIAN- FLEECED COTTON
At KID GLOVES, large buttons, ;ol- T&SaSMK jmfSl'^'li,^^^-' 9*lo VESTS, hien neck, long sleeves,
rn tt ors tan, mode, brown and slate, reg- ~*malP9 J^^.^Eitm^^ " UU silk finished; pan:s to match; worth
•JJt ular price $1, clearance sale 69c a | $$!$ ''-'.'V^ 1 "^r 40c; Clearance Sale price 25c each.
Mil%-^^' : %^% ll LADIES' NATURAL GRAY SAN-
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID IS^att^iiMs^^r At ITARY WOOL VESTS, high neck,
! At GLOVES, embroidered backs (large I M3sBßESSBg!&a^lk% 7IP lon S ? eves : drawers to match;
17 fo buttons), in dark and medium tan '*9&&&& Wsfflß&WL\ lUU non-shrinking, regular price $1 ;
IvO shades', also black, regular price ] ".*a3T3gaj^B&Ps»T **> : - Clearance Sal\» price 75c each.
$1 25, clearance sale price 75c a pair. At LADIES' JACKET, made of ft/l ____
* t/l o^k fancy mixed tan cloakine (style
——1 ♦*. 00 of cut), regular price $8 50; Spe- LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
98 dozen 4-JiUTTON GENUINE cial price $4 95. At WHITE WOOL AND CO 1 TON
At FRENCH KID GLOVES, em- V~~ ; QRp MIXED UNION SUITS, high neck,
d-{ M broidered backs and 'large but- '■''■ '• '••'-.• : -■'■■■ "'|»#i*- • uOU long sleeves, warranted non-shrinK-
sl«vv tons, colors tan, mode and brown, OIK? able, worth $150; Clearance Sni«
SilSl^ CORSETS! CORSETS!
«* * Aii7ikirr/\/«iin/« l&usßs&l^SßriiS LADIES' BLACK SATEEN COR-
MACKINTOSHES. At BhTS * e^tra ion " waist, high bust,
C^p two side 'sieels each side, gu.iran-
■ • ".. ■..•• ' . u3C teed perfect lifting, worth $1; Clear-
At CHILDREN'S MACKIN- j^B fflnJßJSjEo^ ance Sale price 65c.
$£tVV value $3, clearance sale price $2.' LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
At LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in At t AnTFS' rHVMTms"? m ,H. ,
(•4 cA naw blue (2 capes). vame $5 i^^^Kie?^ «V- f ADI£ - a CHEMISES, made of
Y6.OV clearance sale price & 50. J^ffSffilK 95fi heaV^ mv in, yoke ■ finished with
- t«w #waf«w j ..., r r £vii braiding; Clearance Sale price 25c.
; , ■ -. . - LADIES' BLACK ASTRA- ■ ; __^ • : =
»x t ,mt. B , «.™rr» At : CHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined - !. .  
A l« LADIES MACKINTOSHES, in *l AFT with silk serge. storn» collar At LADIES' SKIRTS, made of fancy
%\ (Ml double texture, in navy /blue, $4tt(fV trimmed with black Thibet fur, QC A pink and blue striped tennis flan- " :
*" IVY value $7 60, clearance sale price ;^ ' regular price $8 50; Clearance OJU nel, cambric yoke; Clearance Sale
■•. "0«" 0 « ■ '<■ - 1 ■; ,- : \ : , Sale price $4 9,5. "v ■■■■"'■:', : '"■ : • price 35c •'•,' .' c " ' ■ '- '•• '■ ■
HOUSE FURNISHINGS! HOUSE FURNISHINGS, ETC. !
EF NO SAMPLES GIVEN. J^ NO SAMPLES GIVEN.
11-4 HEAVY WHITE BLANKETS, pure wool fill- Ci ft A FRUIT OF THE LOOM, yard wide, soft finish, clear- £>*„
in , were |3 a pair, clearance sale pi-tee ;T.°?1 . | ... $1.90 ance sale price. >... ......■.....:..:.,.............. Vilf
10-4 WHITE BLANKETS, nice soft finish, pood to EX : SWANSDOWN ; FLANNELETTES, the ( heavy; 12]^c
wear, 85c a pair, clearance sale price '*..:A~-~ SOC *%**> «eecy finish; colorings new, clearance sale R p :
EIBH POINT CURTAINS, 3M yards long, small lot ©I Q«T -UNBLFACHFn panttov wt avvtpt ♦», h»»^t, p-i
- only, were 13 a pair, clearance sale price .... «I.OD UIS BLEACH ED CANTON FLANNEL, the heavy r-\
.;•';; ■: .-t---y.- ■; ■- ■ ■ ";,. *" 4VC '■' yr 12«.^c make, clearance sale price I -Jj
||||§|^^g|||||S|ls| ||^|:g|^||rs .^^.: ■ 20e :
WHITE SHAKER FLANNEL; nice fabric, good to .:■ £„ TURKFY RFT) VRivnrn ta "rt v rnVFP^ . n i nra iJ w'' " :
wear, was 10c a yara, clearance sale price 1 ° ; OC * UKK.fcx-K.i'.D HKI^GiD IABLIvCOV±-Kb. colors K~(*
. : ■ : . . r-. > : : : r •••••••••• . : , -xs, fast, styles good, value $1, clearance sale price.... t/»JU :
SCARLET TWILL FLANNEL, the 45c quality, it- OK« ' HFST ;rt a pn : pt\t n a Ar^~ tho ■ omir« : ii n » V
able for heavy oversfairts, etc.; clearance sale price : BE^ e a?J,^c??afe prirf. ......! 5C
IRISH CHECK GLASS LINEN, 18 inches wide, soft 71p LADIES' ALL-WOOL BLACK MOREEN SKIRTS, ©1 Q^
I finish, the 12 He grade, clearance price i>A> ; lull width?, wore^sJ. durance sale price... ..l^^l.OO
3-4 BLEACHED IRISH LINEN NAPKINS, 21 inches Q(\ ft HEAVY TURKISH TO\VELS~~f7st selvedges, the in. /
square, tbe $150 quality, clearance sale price tfUC . 15c quality, special sale pr.ee ■.■„...'.•. .„. ..:... IUC
UU Wlurphy Building, /.- . mii Murphy Building, 'JT' (g if rvurphy EuUtiing, J
Market and Jones Streets. I Market aaflJonss Streets. Market amUcnes Streets. ;
1920
Wat •<-■
/**jtujt£z'-*^ ■^ L> fy >^, ■jfry^fa^^^T v
SUNDAY DECEMBER 27. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE.
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free i
Pally nnd Sunday CALi^one week, by carrier.. 90.18
Pally end Sunday Call, one year, by mall. — 6.00
Dally »Ed Sunday Calx, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday C'Ai.i., three months by mall 1.50 j
Dally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail. .65 :
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
WttictY Call, one year, by mall ••« I*6o
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street, ,
Fan Francisco, California.
Telephone ...Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
SI Clay Street.
3»pcone .Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
r?7 srontpomery utreet, corner Clay; open until
! re o'clock.
UP Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
?JS lark.:i street: open until 9:3oo'clocic
tv .corner bixteentu uuU JAlssion street*; open
lull I' clock.
ii.it: iiibtion etreet: open until 9 o'cloclc*
It 7 i^UaLti bireet; open until 9 o'clock.
> A.taik.ti street, open till 9 o'clocis.
OAKLAND 0FF1CB:
ti>*> Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms J>l »nd' S2, 34 Park Row. New York City-
DAVID M. FOI.T/., Eastern Manager.
THE; CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Cultivate home Joys.
Kest, digest and be happy.
Let us have an inspector of wires.
The Call had a red hot Christmas.
The comfort of Chrbtmas lies in getting
over with it.
The Chronicle and the Bulletin had
Christmas impulses that do them honor.
Yesterday wa* virtually a holiday, and
th.s ?ives us three in a row, so we are in
luck.'
It was a close call on Christmas, but
the closeness passed and The Call sur
vives.
Those who received most on Christmas
are planning to receive again en New
Year's.
The Christmas Call was great, but you
see we had lots oi plums left to make The
Call to-day.
There is not much difference in these
days between the Weather Bureau and an
irrigation plant.
In meditating upon New Year's resolu
tions make up your mind to make Sau
Francisco a home market.
,
There are choice bargains left in all |
Kind of novelties as you can see by read
ing our advertising columns.
Send The Call to your Eastern friends j
and show them the kind of paper that is
read in the homes of California.
The City nee'ls an inspector to see that
wires are not strung in such a manner as !
to endanger the lives of firemen.
The legislative session will be lively ■
even if the legislators attend strictly to I
businos?. There are several big issues be
fore them.
Those who have been trying to roast
The Call will now take notice that it can
not be done even when the fire is started
in the next building.
With the closing of the Christmas fes
tivities the glory of the old year is over
and now all the world looks forward to
the new and hopes for belter things.
The rejoicing of the Democrats over the
fact that they have carried the town of
Lynn shows how small a crumb is nee led
to comfort those who have had a surfeit of
crow.
We shall not have a full prosperity in
this country until a new protective tariff
come i:ito thorough operation. Tne ills of
Democratic blundering cannot be over
come by the faith cure.
California must battle in Congress not
only for protection to her industries, but
for encouragement to her commerce. Tiie
more we increase our products the more
we must expand the markets for them.
So great are the differences of opinion
among Congressmen on the Cuban ques
tion the patriots can hardly expect to re
ceive any more recognition this winter
than will be necessary to hang a de
bate on.
Tiik Call owss thanks to the Fire De
partment for the prompt work done in
saving the press, composing and editorial
rooms on Christmas day, and gives them
with a iull appreciation of the merit of the
service rendered.
The report that the administration is
taking steps to foreclose the mortgages of
the Pacific roads is encouraging. It iooks
as if Cleveland had come to the conclu
sion that the passage of the funding bill
is a forlorn hope.
Mrs. Hetty Green has distinguished her
self acain. She interrupted a political
discussion in a streetcar the other day and
asked the disputants to stop talking poli
tics as the election is over and they made
her nervous. They stopped.
According to the Buffalo Commercial the
reuular Dpmocratic organizations of that
Ptate outside of New York City are dis
posed to stiefc. to Bryanism, Populism and
free silver. It is in fact a clear case of be
ing dead stuck and staying there.
The oid warhorsesof Democracy turned
the party over to the wild colts during tl;e
campaign and are now suffering the con
sequences. The colts are in the lead and
are kicking the old fellows as fast as they
show any desire to come to the front again.
The trade between Cuba and the United
States under normal conditions is about
$100,000,000 annually, but since the war it
has fallen to almost nothing. It would
pay, therefore, as a business proposition,
to end the war even if we had to fight a
little for it.
The Chronicle and the Bulletin were
prompt to offer to The Call the use of
their presses when it was reported that
The Call building had been burned, and
■while the assistance so kindly offered was
not needed it was none the less valued
and esteemed. It is by such generous acts
the profession of journalism endears
itself to those engaged in it and wins the
honor of outsiders. In the minds of the
general public as well as in our own there
will be something more than convention
ality in the phrase when the Chronicle and
the Bulletin are referred to hereafter as
• 'esteemed contemporaries."
WHERE PRAISE IS DUE.
The fire on Christmas day which came
fo near doing great damage to The Call,
even if it had not swept away the press,
composing and editorial rooms, gave oc
casion for the Fire Department to display
not only its zeal and its energy in fighting
the flames, but aiso its care, skill and good
management in protecting the adjoining
property.
Without a long description it would not
be easy to make clear to our readers how
near The Call buildinsr was to the danger
of fire, nor how destructive to the compos
ing-rooms and the presses, as well as to
the editorial-rooms, might have been any
carelessness, recklessness or confusion on
the part of the firemen. In order to fight
the flames in the adjoining building it was
necessary for them to carry their hose
through almost all departments of The
Call building, and to pass through the
rooms back and forth during the whole
time of fighting the fire. Had they been
careless the damage must have been very
great, and that The Call escaped with
what, under the circumstances, was com
paratively little loss reflects the highest
degree of credit upon the discipline of the
Fire Department and the well-ordered
manner in which the members perform
their dangerous, exciting and confusing
duties.
The department clearly deserves the
hiehest praise for its management of the
lire. It succeeded in extinguishing flames
that threatened to sweep away a large
block of property, and thereby saved an
immense amount of wealth to the city.
If in doing this it had injured adjoining
property by water no one would have
thought of condemning men engaged in
the difficult task. Praise is due all the
more, tnerefore, when we remember that
the protection to adjoining property was
almost complete, and that scarcely any
injury was done worth noting under cir
cumstances of such peril.
While praise and commendation from
the genera! public is due to tho Fire De
partment, Tjie Call for itself owes thanks
to the Chronic c and the Bulletin for kindly
offers of as:-istance when the rumor spread
through the City that The Call build. i;g
had been ourned. Joseph B. Eliot, actinc
for the Chronicle, and Mr. Crothers of the
Bulletin on hearihg the rumor hastened to
offer the use of their presses and their
offices to The Call in order that the paper
might be brought out without interrup
tion. It is our good fortune that the as
sistance so generously offered was not
needed, and we count it also as a good for
tune that had it been needed it would
have beer, so promptly and cordially forth
coming.
it is to the honor of the profession of
journalism that offers like those made to
The Call by tne Chronic ie and tlie Bulletin
are not rare under similar circumstances.
In almost every case in the United States
when a newspaper office has been so dam
aged that the publication of the paper
would have to be suspended there has
been some generous friend in the profes
sion to come forward and promptly ad
vance to it all the accommodations neces
sary to get out the paper until a new plant
could be provided.
The frequency with which instances of
this kind have occurred attests the fact
that there is in the field of journalism more
of a genuine fraternal spirit tlian is usual ly
supposed to exist. Rivalry among
hororable newspapers ceases when any
misfortune Defalls eitner of the rivals.
Then is shown tlie spirit of truly generous
natures, and the same motives which
prompt newspaper men to advocate help,
aid and assistance to all who suff r from
lire, flood, drought or accident prompts
tnem to give assistance to their brother
editors whenever needed.
The people of San Francisco may be
well pleased with the record of the expe
riences of The Call on Christmas day.
Since in the nature of thmzs fires are well
ni^h inevitable, it is gratifying to know
that we have a department so capable of
dealing with them; and since the rival
ries and antagonisms of newspapers are
so frequently in evidence before the pub
lic, it mud also be gratifying to have this
proof that there exists in the journalism
of San Francisco so much of real gener
osity and mutual helpfulness whenever
misfortune fails upon any member of the
profession.
CAPTAIN SWASEY
By the death of Captain William F.
Swa3ey California loses one of the most
eminent and useful of the rapidly thin
ning; band of her pioneers. He was a man
venerable for his years, honorable for his
many services to the State and Nation and
loved for his personal characteristics.
His death will carry mourning into many
a household and thousands who have
known him only by reputation will feel
a sen^e of profound sorrow at hi 3 loss.
The record of the life of Captain Swasey
is an epitome of the history of California
as an American Slate. He crossed the
plains in the days when such crossing
was most adventurous and most danger
ous. He was here before the discovery of
Eold, and as secretary to Consul Larkin at
Monterey had a part in the ceremony of
raising the stars and stripes, by which Com
modore Sloat took possession of California
and added it to the territory of the
United States. From that time on he
was actively engaged in the vigorous up
building of the State. When the Civil
War brote out he was one of the meat
earnest of tho?e resolute spirits who Kept
California in the Union, and one of the
earliest to enter the army to fight for tlie
preservation of the Republic and the lib
eration of the slaves.
Captain Swasey' s mind was as active as
bis hands. He was a writer and a speaker
as well as a pioneer, a soldier and a man
of business. No man in the State has
written more about the pioneers and the
early days of California than he. In a
certain sense he was the historian of the
Society of Pioneers, and by his written
and spoken worus, as well as by his broad
sympathies and untiring energies, helped
to organize that association and maintain
its present hieh prestige in the State.
Altnough among the most energetic,
most industrious and most sagacious
pioneers of California, he did not gather
the large wealth of which there was so
many opportunities. In a half-humorous
way he was accustomed to attribute this
to what he onca called "an ingenuity in
devising unfortunate schemes and specula
tions which amounted almost to genius."
This, however, is hard!}' the correct view
of the matter. If Captain Swasey did not
become a rich man, it was because he was
more of a patriot than a money-seeker,
and because his mind was more occupied
in advancing the welfare of California
and of his fellow-pioneers than in in
creasing his own riches.
We have lost a man whom we can never
replace. A link which connects Califor
nia of to-day with the pastoral ag« of the
missions has been broken. One of the
men whose patriotism drew it< inspira
tion from the hard struggles of the over
land passage, and from the glorious mem
ories of the days when the starry banner
was first waved over California, has gone
from us. There is left to us only his
writings, some fragments of hia speeches
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
1
and his memory. These will we cherish
for years to come, and from them Califor
iiians yet to be born will draw inspiration
which will add to their love of their na
tive land, their veneration for those who
founded it aa a:i American common
wealth, and their patriotism which em
braces it as a part of the American Union.
AN INSPECTOR OF WIRES
The dreadful accident which befell Fire
man McCabe while fighting tlie flames on
Christmas day seems to have been duo to
a wire badly placed along the walls of tlie
building, on the roof of which he was nt
work. It is another evidence of the groat
risks which firemen run in fulfilling tho
duties of their calling, and of the im
portance of having a careful inspection of
the rcofs of all buildings in the City, so
that they may not be in danger of death
by tho carelessness of others.
It has long been known that the multi
plication of wires along the streets and
across the roofs of houses in American
cities is a source of great danger to lire
men. Over and over asain has the press
had to record the fact that the life of some
brave man has been sacrificed by the way
in which the wires are placed. It would
not be fair to put the whole blame of these
accidents upon the companies which
string the wires. It Is the duty of the
City to see to it that they are put into
position where they will be as much as
possible out of the way of firemen, and
until some thorough supervision of the
kind is provided such accidents will con
tinue to be common.
The City of San Francisco ought to have
an inspector of wires. He ought to be a
member of the Fire Department, or at
least associated with that department.
He should be provided with a sufficient
corps of men to exercise general super
vision over the City. He should have au
thority tocorapelall companies that string
wires, whether along the streets or overtlie
roofs of buildings, to place them in a proper
manner.
Such an official, if he attended to his
duty, would more than repay to tlie people
the cost of his salary. Hs services would
save the City from many fires, and would
aid in preventing the spreading of those
which occur. What is most and greatest,
however, is that he would spare to us the
life of many a brave fireman, and save us
from a repetition of such dreadful acci
dents as that o: Christmas day.
BANKING AND MANUFACTURING
In discussing tbe future prosperity of
Dcs Moines, lows, a prominent citizen of
the place recently declared that too many
of its capitalists go into the banking and
loaning business-. Money-lenders, he said,
live off other people instead of helping
other peorle to make tbeir living, as is the
case with those who establish manufac
turing enterprise?. He argued, therefore,
that until the capitalists of Dcs Moines
turn their money from banks to manuiac
tures, the city would never have the fuii
prosperity to which its many resources en
title it.
Taking this as a test, the lowa State
Regular says ttiat while the advice is good
it by no means covers the whole subject.
Banking doe? not stand in the way of
manufacturing. There are other reasons
way Dcs Moines has not succeeded in
makSng the best use ol her opportunities,
and these reasons the Register sums up by
saying:
Dcs Moines has tried to get manufactories.
It h.is offered bonusi s and other inducements,
but they seem not to have thrived. They have
not thrived becuu>e Dcs Moines people have a
habit of baying goods made away from home.
But the way to start factories is to begin at the
beginning. The great factories of the world
have nearly all C'.nimeiiCL-a small. From the
rivulet baa grown the river. A factory is not
something that comes to a town full grown.
But it comes as nn infant and it grows into
full stature. Ttie successful nianuiaeturers
are men who have had the patience to build
up gradually us they have piospered. Dcs
Moi-ics has to-day many ol these small indus
tries, which some day will be great concerns.
All t:>at is necessury for them is tioce.
The discussion fits San Francisco as if it
had been made for us. In this City as in
Dcs Moines it lias been said that our capi
talists run too much to banking. It has
been argued here as there that we want
more men to develop our resources even
if to obtain them we had to reduce the
number of men who loan money. In San
Francisco, therefore, as well as in Dcs
Moines, it is necessary to remind the
people of the facts stated by the lleqister.
The people of San Francisco navo not
thrived as fully as they should because,
like the people of Dcs Moines, they have
a haoit of buying goods made away from
home. They have not learned the lesson
that the best way to build up great manu
factures is to encourage small ones. A
littie shop will grow into a big plant if it
is properly supported by the people.
Vv'hen Caliiornians learn to give that sup
port to every small industry that is started
witnin tlie borders of the State then they
will Lave begun the new era which will
result in making this one of tiie great
est manufacturing com mon wealths of
America.
It is full time the lesson should be I
learned, and our people, in preparing for
the resolutions they wiil make on New
Year's clay, should resolve now to make
one pledging them to patronize California !
products. When we make San Francisco j
a home market we will have gone far
toward making it a city of iiome industry.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mr. Gladstone is disappointed at the small
sale of his edition of Bishop Butler, only 2000
copies having been sold.
The present Czar cultivates his tenor voice
when he has time; his father ployed the trom
bone, and his great-grandfathor whistled.
Sir Arthur Sullivan can now command $3500
down for one song, while from "The Lost
Chord" alone it is said that he has realized
over $50,000.
Sir Arthur Sullivan can now command $3500
down for one song, whiie from "The Lost
Chord," alone it is said that he has realized
over $50,000.
Israel Zangwill, the English novelist and
essayist, has just concluded a successful lec
turinc: tour in England. Ho is said to be con
templating a visit to the United States next
year.
Thomas Jefferson, the actor's son, has an
autograph album that is unique in contain
ing the thumb prints of celebrities. Among
them are those of the President and Mrs.
Cleveland, Secretary Lamont and Francis Wil
son.
The Ameer of Afghanistan has become a
victim of the cycling cruze, but as he is
averse to using the energy necessary to propel
a b:cycle, a London firm has built him a ma
chine on which he can ride in comfort, whilo
two attendants work the pedals.
At Dolhain, on the Belgian irontier toward*
Germany, the whole population went to the
raiirotid station recently to hoot the Count of
Flanders, with his son, Pricce Albert, and hia
son-in-law, the Duke of Vendome, because the
count had employed Germans on his estate
nearby.
Former Empress Eugenic, whose artistic
tastes have been one of the causes of the life
long sympathy and friendship between her
self and Queen Victoria, still at times, in
spite of her advanced ace and failing eye
signt, finds relaxation in' a little water color
drawing, formerly a favorite pastime of hers.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Paul Meyer, a German.who with others ii in
terested heavily in the cork growing and cut
ting Industry near; Catalonia, in northeastern
Spain, Is at the Grand. >„• -~ • -, j ;
s Ho gives a lot ©(interesting information in ]
'regard to the raising of [cork oaks and the har-*
vesting of the bark. Oroat 1 areas In California
ho says are almost likoUhe region in Cata
lonlo, where the cork trees flourish to an ua-'
preeodontod decree. ;' -.."' ■
. ; Hut while- thero ore cork trees In California
that are doing well and bid fair to answer the
expectation of the grower*, he thinks it may.
be somo time before the cork business Ik profit
able"; :" '' - " -; ■ ' -• .vV'■. -'' : .,'- '■' '
"Tho trees wo have," ho said, "ore indigen
ous to tho soil and thrive over tlio whole
BtOQßtkia rtglon. The poorer the soil is the
better it Is for tlic cork trees. They are not a
PAUL MEYER, Who Is Interested in the Great Cork Forests of Spain.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
pretty tree to look at. Indeed, they are any
thing but that.
"They are dwarfed in mony instances like
the gnarled jack pines of the lofty mountains
iv this country; are so generally unreliable as
to shape that a tree may measuie two feet in
one Dlace, and the length of ycur arm away
may not measure six inches.
"For the sains reason it is difficult tostftte
at what age we begin to cut the bark. Some
tn es will produce more when 0 years old than
others at 10 or 20. We lake the bark from
trees all the way from 6 to 50 years old.
"We do not take all ihe bark. A strip a yard
wide is the average. If you were to besin
raising cork trees now you wouldn't have
enougn in California in 100 years to meet your
demands.
"My firm has been in the cork industry for
over fifty years. It is one of the leading tirnis
of the world In this business. We raise and
cut corks and buy cork material of other grow
ers. Nire-tenths of our corks are cut-by hand.
"The cork-cutters are known as the kings of
the cork men. Every other branch of the
wort incident to the business is performed
without any difficulty, but the cork-cutters
work by the piece and are independent, so
when we have a lotof worn to get out we go to
them and ; ell them about it and ask if they
will help us out.
"On what they say depends everything.
'•In Catalonia where we are people don't
talk anything else but corks. That is the en
tire topic. You never hear anything else."
PER SONAL
a P. Worden of New York is at the Russ.
H. C. Nelson of England Is at the Palace.
1L H. Manuel of .Niurphys is on a visit here.
L. Brooke of Vancouver is paying a visit to
tht/City.
W. K. Duncan, a mine-owner ol Oroville, is
in the City.
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tularo County is on a visit
to this City.
Dr. J. S. Jackson of San Luis Obispo is visit
ing the City.
F. E. Connor, a business man of Chicago, is
at the Palace.
H. Block, a hardware dealer of Los Angeles,
is at the Grand.
J. McLaughlitj of Mariposa is among the ar
rivals at the Uuss.
N. Wines, the stage-line owner of Santa
Barbara, is in town.
N. Delbanco, a merchant of Portland, Or., is
here on a business trip.
George Blake, a mine-owner of Caliente, Is a
late arrival In the City.
C. B. See!ey, an attorney of N'apa, is among
the arrivals at the Lick.
13. Bradley, with his wife and son, of Glen
dora, are nt the Cosmopolitan.
A. G. Schell, a business man of Everett
Wash., arrived here yesterday.
W. O. Reynolds and Mr<=. Reynolds of^ Baker
City, Or., are at the occidental.
G. W. Saurret, a prominent civil engineer of
Los Angeles, is at the Baldwin.
John A. Dougherty, a prominent resident of
St. Loulh, is at the Cosmopolitan.
George «. Katzenstein, the wine-grower of
Sacramento, arrived here yesterday.
H. C. Fassott of the United States steamer
Albatross is registered at tho Occidental.
J. L. Johnson of Ukiah, Sheriff and Tax Col
lector of Mendocino County, is at the Russ.
Professor Robert 8. Pennell, principal of the
State Normal School at Chico, is at the Grand.
Dr. O. H. Simons, a retired physician wtio is
engaged in mining near Redding, is in the
City.
W. A. Howell of Bakers field, Clerk of Kern
County, was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Lick.
Professor James J. Donovan and Professor
John A. Waddell of Santa Clara College are at
Ihe Lies.
T. Inrakaml, a Japanese merchant of Phila
delphia, on his way to Japan, is stopping at
the Cosmopolitan.
Daniel J. Lyons, formerly clerk of the Bald
win Hotel and now room clerk of the Hotel
Hollenbeck, Los Angeles, is spending the holi
days here.
George B. Alley of Portland, Or., accompa
nied by his wife and mother, is here on his
way to Boston, Mass., ana Is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
James O'Brien ot J. J. O'Brien & Co., the dry
goods merchant*, left yesterday for Los An
geles on a business trip to the firm's branch
house in that city.
Among the arrivals here yesterday were:
N. H. Carpenter of Chicago, 11. C. Holmes of
Boston and J. & Grable of Beatrice, Nebr.
They are here on a business trip.
John and David Llewellyn of Llewellyn
Bros., owners of the Eagle Foundry, Los An
geles, lire stopping at the Baldwin Hotel. They
speak in glowing language of the prospects of
the Orange City and say that business is boom
ing down there.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 26.— At the Man
hattan—W. C. Ralston; Grand— Miss McClel
land; Imperial— M. Weiner; Holland— W. H.
Allen; Stuart— Mrs. P. Cowles; Marlboro— J.
T. Davis, Mrs. H. E. O'Neal, L. Dry fas. Q. W.
Short is here buying.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Teacher— Name another great non-conductor
of heat.
Pupil— The steam pipes in our flat.— Puck.
"You're not the only pebble on the beach,"
said the cracker to the bivalve, jocularly.
"No," replied the bivalve; ''but I am the
only oyster in the stew."— Philadelphia North
American.
She— So ho married her for ncr money?
He— Yes.
She (thoughtfully)— How awfully rich she
must be.— Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
The minister was a great hand-shaker—shut
ting down like a vise. Oue day he shook a
boy's hand and gave it an awful squeeze, as
he said: "My little fellow, I hope you are
well to-day." With tears in his eyes the boy
nnswered: '-I was till you shook hands witn
me."— Scottish-American.
Professor Hypnlt— Now, young lady, you will
preatiy assist the test by remaining passive.
So — cr — concentrate your mind on nothing.
Ethel— Oh, Cholly, how fortunate you came
with me! Proceed, professor.— Judge.
He— Nature abnors a vacuum.
She— Yes but nature probably never sat up
! all night hoping every times he yawned that he
would take the hint.
Then he grabbed his hat and went.—Cleve
land Leader.
Christmas in Greenland— "Say," bellowed
the manatee fiercely, "did you say that the
walrus had given me the grand bounce?"
"No, indeed," responded the barracout hur
riedly. "I— l merely said he had given you a
seal's kin sack!"— New York Press.
Mrs. Lnrrabee — I thought your minister was
to have a call to Minneapolis?
Mrs. Fenwick— There was talk of it; but It's
all off now. He went there to preach a trial
sermon and absent-mindedly took his text
from St. Paul. —lndianapolis Journal.
R'.alto Amenities— First Tragedian: I hear
Dryleigh has a great scheme for going to Switz
erland and joining that Oberammergau
troupe.
Second Tragedian— He always was for mak
ing a holy show of himseif.— New York Press.
"And the captive?" asked the savage poten
tate.
"Sire," answered the enthusiastic chef de
cuisiue, "she's a bird."
"Very well, old man," said his Majesty. "In
that event don't forgec the coid bottle." — De
troit News-Tribune.
"Skin," said Davie, gravely contemplating
his little sister, "is jus' an overcoat for th'
bones; that's all."— Judge.
Betsy (the maid)— Half of the milk you leave
every morning leaks out of the pail.
Waterman (tha milkman)— You ought to
have a waterproof pail.
"Well, the pail is waterproof. I'm very sure
it's not the water that leaks out."— Yonker's
Statesman.
Wiggles— Hang it all! I've got a cold com
ing on.
Waggles (sympathetically)— Yes; just- think
of all the advice you'll have to take about it. —
Somerville Journal.
Tommy had been reprimanded by his mother
for playing in the dirt with the children who
live down the street. "When I'se a man," he
sobbed through his tsars, "Tse going to be a
politician."
"What put that into your headT" asked his
mamma.
"Uncle told me they are always throwing
mud at each other."— Pittsburg News.
MISSES' FOUR-GORED SKIRT.
A graceful skirt for misses which will retain
its shape is shown here. It has a front gore,
one gore on either side and one gore in the
back, which Is gathered at the top.
All materials may be made up after this
model, which is suitable for separate
skirts or lor costumes with waist or jacket
to match. AH the fullness is gathered at
the back, the front and sides fitting
smooth.
A skirt of plaid is useful to wear with extra
waists. One of blue and brown with narrow
lines of black, yellow and pale green had a
waist of pale brown cloth made in Norfolk
shape, having two box pleats back and iront.
A more dressy waist to bs worn with the same
skirt had a short Bolero of dark blue velvet.
Below this was a wide belt of pale green silk,
with a folded collar of the same. At the open
ing in front ol the Bolero was a full vest of
blue enifFon over the green silk. The s'.eeves
w re of me piaid with a little cape-iike top of
the bliif velvet.
Mixed goods «re the rage this season, and
one cunnot make a mistake in getting any fa
bric wiih a rough suriace aid numberless
bright colors interwoven.
Plain .skins of serge, covert cloth and lady's
cloth are much used for skirts with jackets to
match, being worn cither with blouse fronts
or with a silk waist.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
An Advance Date— S. K. M. 0., City. The
Ist of January, 1900, will fall on a Monday.
California's Vote— F. H., Suisun, Cnl. Mc-
Kiniey's plurality In the State of California
over tne fusion ticket is given &s 125 G.
Gas— A. O. S., Oakland, Cal. A question in
resrard to weight of air, coal gas and hydrogen
was aisw-red in this department in the issue
of Christmas day.
Young Mother and Daughter— R. A. 0..
City. Fannie Young has not yet renounced
the stage. Her daughter is playing when she
has an engagement.
Commands Ko Premium— ll. T., Irvington,
Alameda County, Cal. A $5 piece of the
United BtHtes coined in 1837 does not com
mand any premium.
Weight op Metals— A. O. 8., Oakland, CaL
One cubic foot of aluminum (sheet) weighs
166.6 pounds; one cubic foot of lead weighs—
cast 708.5 pounds, and in sheet 711.6 pounds.
Target-Shooting— A. 8., City. Without
knowing the size of the targets, distance be
tween rings and distance from the shooting
stnnd it is impossible to answer the question
asked.
Flag— J. M., San Leandro, del. There is
no law to prevent a foreign society from rais
ing a flag of its nationality from a flagstaff
over its headquarters on the death of ; a mem
ber or on a holiday.
Voting— a., City. In voting for Presi
dential electors a voter may cast his vote for
the electors of one party or he may vote for
one or more electors on every ticket, providing
that he does not vote for more than the State
is entitled to.
Crime- M. R., city. The published statistics
of murders and executions in the leading
countries of the world are so unsatisfactory
that they cannot be relied upon for the pur
pose of making comparisons as to crime, in
crease or decrease, in those countries.
Architectural Drawing— A. J. 8., City. Rule
No. 150, relating to evening schools, says:
; The studies pursued at these schools shall be
reading, speilinir, writing, arithmetic, grammar. I
Keographv, architectural drawini;, mechanical
drawing, bookkeeping, algebra and geometry,
l'he textbooks must be the same as In the day
schools. .". ;..r : .
Riverside— ll. B. 11. , Loomis, Cal. River
side, in this State, does wot derive any revenue
from the sale of liquors, and that Has nothing
to do with the low rate of taxation there. It
has no saloons and the amount received from
prosecutions for illicit selling of liquor does
not quite cover the expense of prosecution. ,
Bottles— A. C. P., City. Neither the United
States Government nor any firm has of
fered a specific royalty for the invention
of a bottle that cannot be refilled after hav
ing once been used. The Government is
not in the bottle business, but no aoubt firms
would be willing to pay a pood round sum or
royalty for such an invention.
Germany— lL, Chico, Bntte County, Cal.
Germany has never relinquished its rifrht to
call upon one of its subjects who has escaped
military duty to perform that duty if after so
escaping he returns to German soil, but out of
courtesy to tho United Slates it allows an indi
vidual who has so escaped and in the mean
time has b ■come a citiz m of theUnitea States,
three months' time to visit Germany without
molestation, but it he remains over that time
he becomes subject to milnary duty.
Naturalization— W. 8., City. Any alien of
the age of 21 years and upward, who has re
sided in the United States three years next
preceding his arriving at that age and who
has continued to reside tnerein to the time he
may make application to be admitted a citizen
thereof, may, after he arrives nt tne age of 21
yt.'ars and aiter he has resided five years with
in the United States, including the three yea-s
of his minority, by admitted a citizen; but he
must make a declaration on oath and prove to
the satisfaction '.f the court that for two years
next preceding It had been his bona-lide in
tentiou to become a eiiizen.
Pensioners— M. R., City. Statistics obtaina
ble in this City aro not very complete as to the
matter of "pensions and pensioners iv the
world." In England the naval and marine
pension list is £1,007,900; the civil pensions
and gratuities amount to £317,300, and army
pensions to £27,000. In Germany the pension
fund amounts to 55,034 marks, in Spain thc
inder.inities and pensions amount to 55,01i>,
400 pesetas. Kose of the statistics from wnlca
these figures were t«k< n givu the number of
pensioners. The amount of pensions paid by
the United States during the y> ar ending June
30, 1390, was $139,334, 040. Ttte nuraier of
pensioner was: Invalids, 750,957; widows
and orphans, 219,507; total, 970,524.
State Reports— J. G. G., Haywards, Cal.
When a person writes to a State officer asking
for a copy of a report that person should
always inclose the amount of postnge required
to carry it. A State official, in his generosity,
might send such a report and pay the postage,
but as a rule the amount of postage should be
sent with the request for the report. The
same rule applies in the case of a person ad
dressing a letter to a stranger asking for infor
mation or advice in relation to a private
matter. A self-addressed and stamped en
velope should always accompany the letter of
inquiry. It is enough for the person to give
the information or advice asked for without
being compelled to pay postnge on the return
letter. When letters are addressed to United
States officials and the answer demands an offi
cial reply there is no need to inciose postage.
Washing Clothes— R. A., City. In arrang
ing clothes for washing it is desirablo to sort
them into kinds most suitable for washing to
gether, such as laces, nets and fine muslin in
one heap, waite body linen into another,
colored things in the nature of prints and
ginghams into another, and so on. Previous
to washing all white articles should be soaked
for a night in cold water, iv which a little
soda has been added, as the steeping in alka
line water greatly aids in removing all dirt of
a greasy nature. The clothes should then be
washed twice in tepid water, with sufficient
supply of soa',\ If the water is quite cold the
dirt is taken off with difficulty, atid if too bnt
it is npt to fix the dirt in the filer of the cloth.
The boiling of clothes is to remove whatever
there remains of dirt that lirs not been re
moved by rubbine. It is asserted that clothes
washed in tepid water are better washed tnan
when submitted to the boiling process.
Prohibition of Marriage — F. H. G., City.
Prohibition of marriage in the United States
is as follows: Marriage between whites and per
sons of negro descent is prohibited in Alabama,
Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, De:a
ware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia,
Idaho. Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississ
ippi, Missouri, N< braska, Nevada, North Caro
lina. Oregon, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas. Utah, Virginia and West Virginia. Mar
riage between white and Indian is void in Ari
zona, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon and
South Carolina. Marriage between white and
Chinese is void in Arizona, California, Nevada,
Oregon and Utah. The marriage of first
cousins is forbidden in Arizona, Arkansas,
California, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Missouri,
Montana, Xevadfl, New Hampshire, North Da
kota. Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Wash
ington and Wyoming and in some of these
States is declared incestuous and void, and
marriage with step-relatives is forbidden
within all the Slates except California, Colo
rodo, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Louisiana, Min
nesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York,
North Carolina, Oregon, Utah and Wisconsin.
There does not appear to be any State that
prohibits a man from marrying his deceased
wife's sister.
A Blank Ballot is a Vote— J. H., city. The
general rule in a majority of fraternal organi
zations is that a majority of votes cast elect a
candidate. The Sovereign Grand Lodge of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows has held
that "the constitution of the order requires a
majority of all votes cast to elect, ana a vote
in blank is as much a vote as though it had
the name of a candidate upon it, and to be
elected a candidate must have a majority of
all the votes cast, including blanks." Follow
ing in the line of this the Sovereign Grand
Lodge in 1881 held that "when but one candi
date is nominated for a given office he is not
elected if the number of blank ballots exceed
the number of votes given for the candidate "
The reason (or this is that when there is but
one candidate and a motion to have the secre
tary cast the baliot is not car-ied, there must
be a ballot, and that every bnllot cast is a vote
ana must do counted, as it expresses the wish
of the voter. His b!a k is nn expression mat
he does not want the canaidate to fill the office
Writers on parliamentary law set down the
jreneral rule that where there is no special pro
vision in the constitution of an organization
that when the time for an election comos can.
didates for office are placed In nomination
and that it matters not if but one candidate is
named at the proper time ihe announcement
is made that nominations are closed. When
ihe time for balloting couias the teiiers collect
all the ballots and count eaca one separately,
but blank ballots are not counted. When
there is but one candidate and the nomina
tions have been closed, and there is n demand
for a ballot, no other one can be placed in norai
uation, therefore votes cast for some one oLher
than the candidate or cast blank aro not
counted. Without having read the constitu
tion and by-lnws of the particular orgnnizn
tion referred to in the communication of 11. c
correspondent this depnrtmeiit cannot tell if
the ruiing cf the chair was correct in the casts
cited.
WHEN SALLY SANG
i
When Sally sans Ikt songs for me, in days when
-, you were young. ! .
The sun and stars about our path a lovelier glamor
. ' fluu ; .■ . ! ; -
And 1 was wont to smiling say, while looking in
her eyes, I
The melody was treacle spilled from realms of
paradise. . |
And so the hours went gliding by. as streamlets to
■ the sea. ■ ■ ■■■ i ■ .
When we were : younger than to-day, and Sally
- sang tome.
1 see the old plain parlor now, wherein some after
noon ...,,,.
She warbled "Majsie" with wet eyes, then turned
to "Bonny Doon;"
And ".Mi ily Darling" had Its charms, and rather
seemed divine, ' -
The while I longed to have her put her "little hand
in mine.",, j
Ah, well! Old age should cease to dream, but I
would line 10 see ■
Her face once more, as In our youth, when Sally
sang to ni". —.Nashville American.
THE INDISTRIAL REVIEW.
Every departmentof the Indiana Iron Works
at Muucie, Ind., has resumed operations, giv
ing employment to over 500 men.
The puddling and finishing departments of
the Akron Iron and i-ttel Company at Akron,
Ohio, were recently put in operation.
The tinplate plant of the Alcania Tin and
Terneplate Company at Youngstowii, Ohio, is
in operation and the company is receiving a
good supp.y of orders.
The seven-mill tinplate plant of the St. Louis
Stamping Company at St. Louis, Me, is re
ported to be rii!<uliitr full in all departments,
with good volume of business on hand.
The Taunton Wire Nail Company of Taun
ton, Mass., reports that it is now turning out
600 kegs of wire nai.s a day and is running a
double turn of twenty-two hours daily.
The Buhl Steel Company (Limited) of Sharon,
Pa., has recently placed nn order tor the erec
tion of six thirty-'on open-hearth furnaces,
two sonking pits and the necessary producers
to run them.
The Davis <fc Egan Machine Tool Company of
Cincinnati, Ohio, nas received quite a number
of good orders from various parts of ihft
United States and tho foreign business cor-1
Unties good. M,
NEWS OP THE PATENTS.
Many New Ideas Kegistered at Wash-
ington.
Saws are filed by machinery.
Glass is blown by a new automatic ma
chine.
Bicycle mittens, composed of a small
muff and a gauntlet, are new.
Shoes with a detachable heel for use in
muddy weather are in use.
Barrel bungs which screw into the bung
hole were recently patented.
A Canadian has a lamp designed for
lighting, heating and cooking purposes.
Type-printing telegraph instruments
write the message in type from type
wheels.
Expansion bolts hare a sleeve with a
cone at each end and a screw thread on
the bolt to draw the cones together and
expand the sieeve.
Trotting sulkies are now built in such a
manner that they can be tilted when in
use on the track and brought back to an
upright position for road use.
Merry-go-rounds for bicyclista are built
so that each rider can furnish his own
wheel if uesired. These are damped into
position on a frame and run on a circular
track.
Tool bacs for bicycles are now made
with separate compartments for each tool,
thus preventing all rattling of the tools
when traveling over rough surfaces.
Bicycle locks are now made with an
alarm operated by clock-work. The lock
proper is a U-shaped fork, fitting tigntly
on the front wheel, so ti.at the slightest
turn of the wheel starts the alarm ring
ing.
A new nutlock has one corner recessed,
in which a pin is placed having a sharp
point to engage the fluted sides of tne boli.
Tne pin can be sprung back out of tuo
way to unscrew the nut.
Bicycle bells to be attached to the end
of the pedal-piu are new. They permit
the riaer to ring his bell without remov
ing his hands from the handles or leave
one hand free for carrying anything.
A stone-hoisting and laying apparatus
just patented consists of a network of
rigul-angie tracks on which a truck-frame
run«, the frame having a crab and wind
lass for moving the stone as desired.
A new streetcar signboard has a sliding
screen to cover one of the two destinations
indicated, instead of turning the board
over. The screen is worked up and down
by a small lever.
E. H. Slack, painter, 120 Eddy street * "
. •—• — ♦ — • ' _
. Mocha, plstache & camelia cake. 905 Larkin.*
•—•• — •- — * .
Fpeciai. information daily to mannfactars-*.
business .bouses and public men by the Prasi
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. '
'->;■".- : — »—•» — • —
Colonel William E. Potter, who has lust died
at his home in Bridgeton, N. J., enlisted in the
army in 1802, while he was a student in
Princeton. He served till June 4, 1865, attain
ing his rank by gallant and meritorious con
duct. , _^^^^____
Phillips' Kock Island I xrursiona
_«aye San Francisco every Wednesday, via rib
Grande and . Roc* . Island . Kail ways. Throurti
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago ana Boston. Man
ager and poriers accompany theis excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation*
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent JKook Island Railway. 80 Mont
gomery street, t-aa fraucl.ten.
The fashionable ladles' corrective tonic is Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned South,
American Invigorutor. : ,r< ,';».»
Physicians recommend _yer's Pills for dys
pepsia and liver ■ complaint, and for general
family use. See Acer's Almanac.
■■'■ ■ '■' • * — ' •• — — ♦_ —
: If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thorny
son's Kye Water. linguists sell It at 25 cents.
. "Doesn't her singing appeal to you?"
"Well, it does seem 1 n need of help."—
A lady. on entering the kitchen early one
morning saw a plate and knife and fork, the
former of which had evidently contained rab
bit-pie. The lady strongly suspected a certain
policeman of having supped off it, and the
following conversation took place between her
and the cook: "
'Mistress— Jane— What's become ot the cold
rabbit-pie that was left?
Jane— Oh, ; I -didn't think it was wanted,
mum, so I gave it to the dog.
Mistress (sarcastically/— Does the dog . use a
knife and fork, then?
.:; Jane (unabashed)— Xot very well yet, mum,
but I'm teaching him to.— Tit-Bits.
KTEW TO-PAT.
Anaemia means "want of
blood/* a deficiency in the
red corpuscles of the blood.
Its cause is found in want of
sufficient food, dyspepsia,
lack of exercise or breathing
impure air. With it is a
natural repugnance to all fat
foods. Scott's Emulsion is
an easy food to get fat from
and the easiest way of taking
fat. It makes the blood rich
in just those elements neces-
sary to robust health, by
supplying it with red cor-
puscles.
For sale at -,o cents and $1.00 by all druggist*
•COTT & BOWNE, New YorkAN EROTIC SOCIETY NOVEL
Disjointed Experiences Strung JogetKer
With the Merest Vestige of a plot
" J\ WOJAJM WITJi JI RECORD" T\HE SUGGESTIVE TITLE
Caustic y\dv>ice to an Authoress Who J4isdirects JHer Energies in a
Literary Way — She Ruthlessly Slaughters the Qallic
Tongue in Her Effort to /Appear Frenchy
A "WOMAN WITH A RECORD. A novel-By
Mrs. Floley Anderson. New York: (.». W. Dil
linL-ham Company. For sale by the San Fran
cisco News I'ompany, 206 Post street.
A new work by a new writer is ever the
cause of joyful anticipation to a reviewer. He
is ever on the watch in an effort y, discover
some embryo Dickens, some hidden Georges
Sand. Notwithstanding a popular impression
to the contrary, a new writer is always sure to
receive a certain amount oi attention from
the critic. It was, therefore, to be expected
that "A Woman With a Record," a novel by
Mrs. Finley Anderson, should be opened with
a feeling of expectancy and the intention of
giving it more than a casual glance. The re
sult of reading half a dozen chapters, how
ever, merely served to indicate that the casual
glance was ail that it merited; for of all the
trashy novels which it has been our mis
fortune to review darins the season this is
probably the trashiest.
The author of "A Woman With a Record" is,
bo her publisher, Mr. Dillineham, informs us,
a society woman. She has attempted a de
scription of the various component parts of
society in New York, having a special relation
to its women. A perusal of the story will
satisfy the reader that, like many another be
ginner in fiction writing, Mrs. Anderson has
chosen an erotic novel as the stage whereon
to enact the role of philosopher, moralist,
pre-acher, or all of these combined. She has
■ written a book whose construction is of the
most s'ipshoil character. She has jotted down
a lot of disjointed experiences strung together
with the merest vestige of a plot and inter
spersed with ri-.que anecdotes. Here and
there, indeed, like oases in the desert, we fir.d
• a bMg.b.t saying, an apt illustration, but the
HTitlvw.-a-s.te cf commonplace which separates
. thvm' lsso.yast cs to require the uimost exer
.'vdyae'id-t.t he- weary pilgrim's powers of enciur
:.•■ ..-The.:. -record possessed by Mrs. Anderson's
; iM-erbiiie- -is a tolerably shady one. This is a.
■ -cjriarapt-eristic, however, which she shares with
.. ■,e;ll : :t-he: other women of the book. We are led
-. by.-.: 6u-r author to believe that the society
: .;:Svoinan in New York invites wealthy men to
.her table through whose intorination she can
- make money. She is not particular in the
met nods she adopts for extracting valuable
pointers from these men. After numerous
a tfairs with gentlemen of this kind, the hero
ine, tiring of what she calls "the jealousy,
shailowness and mountebank force of society,"
changes it for Bohemia. This she finds more
congenial. To quote Mrs. Anderson, she "goes
home, smokes a Nestor, sips a liqueur, plays
with her dog, summons a lover, or creates a
situation — anj'ihing, in fact, ra:her than be
bored with auythiijg." But here again the
heroine is not alone in her performance of
these antics.
The story itself can only be described as an
indigestible hotch-rotchsuggestiveof nothing
more nor !e.-s than a dime novel. This is par
ticularly evident in the names by which Mrs.
Anderson christens her characters. Instance,
Lenc'.r Vaillant. Heloise Neville, Solon Mau
..■Ttl (the gentleman with this hlph-sounding
cognomen is described, we observe from Mr.
advance notice, as "a fungus
'• grccwitdi. upon the semi-society of two conti
••■'■lrieß^'.'^ Mrs. MaUory, O.d Moneybags, Harry
■'■ ; ■ Qf>en\.Jiny P R ge of "A Woman With a Record"
: nd- ; y.6i|.>viil find an "epigram"— Ouidaesque,
'■•.Cjriijgie-esque or Hungerfordesque, tearfully
•.■.aHdiw-duderfully made and painfully sugge«t
:: 'T^g/the persistent efforts of a dr ntist in draw-
Irt-g an obdurate tooth. There is not a chapter,
; : s-ijfirpely a ■page, upon which the broadest of
t-JcjaiJ views upon marriage or divorce is not
We are told that "The man who
. m«k-i-S- 3iis -wife's life interesting merits a re
\va.f.<i.;: It is so rare a situation." "Marriage is
:) ■ (.-grinning of woes. Death is its ending."
Taeja.there are not a few palpable paraphrases
;. &f.so;-:e«lledepipr«n)s which we imagine we
■ ■• . ''ji'-av^ seen elsewhere. Thus: "The'worst blows
.• : we; receive are given by the hand we have held
in. friendship' 1 ; "A woman's age does not mat
tvr, it- is; how she looks"; "The serpent in
i-;^E(jeni -;^E(jen was a man; how else could Eve have
tempted?" "A man's stories are on
■■•'-■■■o*n«r!s, not on himself; a woman often be
trays, her escaDades to her dearest friend."
'•'Q-':.ikh& influence of tho Ouida school is most
.^fti&rked where the writer of the work unJer
; irseiview attempts to emphasize the distinctions
..•."W4t«een society and Bohemia, nere is a para
■:/.gjtapta which might be deemed by readers
;:.o ; t up-to-date literature as worthy of having
■ ijropped from the lips of Lady Dolly herself:
"iiie difference between the «mar' set and tbe
clever one is that the women of society travel
xnfen and speak more languages. They are
better dressed and groomed. Their vices,
pleasures and heartaches are similar. The
woman of Bohemia is less self-controlled. She
makes more scenes. She has less veneer and
more heart."
As we have said, It is difficult to find a solid
chapter of "A Woman Witn a Record" that is
worih reading, but if a choice could be made
it would probably be that entitled "Woman at
the Tape." which describes the stock sharps
and mudhens of >"ew York City. It is in this
chatter t.hat Mrs. Anderson makes the nearest
approach to the style of a practiced writer of
healthy fiction. She pictures upper Broadway
which is lined with branch offices where
women trade; she depicts the cozy offices, fur
nished with all the allurements of well-ap
pointed salons. "All day they watch en the
big board the record of the manipulations on
the street. Home is neglected. Fashion takes
second place. Husband, children, lovers are
forgotten in the pursuit of illusive wealth.
These i laces are as Monte Carlo is to France—
the plague spot of a nation. A loser in this
place recently declared her iutention of taking
to the church in the end. How eagerly we
offer God the refuse of our lives 1 When earth
fails and human lives and human hopes are
dead we tnrn to heaven for solace. This phase
of. human nature would indicate that the
Great Unknown must hold the potion which
giyes eternal rest."
In her future work it might be well for the
writer of "A Woman Wiih a Kecord" to avoid
a too profuse use of French, we submit that
a liberal employment of that language is only
permissible in the case of a translator. A
phrase like ' 'lam ennui" suggests to the critical
reader that the person employing the same
haR had a tiff with Ollendorff. We mnst also
confess that we do not feel particularly inter
ested in the menus served at the tables of the
various New York hotels, nor arc we espe
cially concerned with the merits of Now York
dressmakers.
It seems a pity that a well-educated woman
can find no other avenue for exhibiting her
talents to the public than that afforded by a
novel like "A Woman With a Record." It is
to b3 feared, however, that so long as it Is con
sidered smart to write stuff of this kind,
we shall be inundated with these so-called
studies in morals. Why In tbe name of com
mon sense can it not be impressed upon the
minds of literary tyros that a novel should be
written only when the author feels that he
has a mission to perform, or a story to tell? Of
what use to literature, to art, to hrmanity are
these epnemeral productions whose only ob
ject seems to be to lay bare the ulcers upon
the breast of society? We shall feel that our
remarks have been to some purpose if they
tend to an abatement of the nuisance. In any
event, we have done our duty when we recom
mend readers of these columns not to leave
"A Women With a Record" in the neighbor
hood of the drawing-room or the nursery.
Emanukl Elzas.
TEN GOOD ESSAYS.
THK RELATION OF LITERATURE TO
LIFE— By < harles Dudley Uaruer. JlarperA
Kros. KewYork. Price $1 60. For sale by A.
51. JKobertsou. Tost street, City.
Tho ten briclu papers from the pen of the
able essayist, Charles Dudley Warner, here
collected are very appropriately put under the
general name of the first essay in the book.
All but the first paper have previously been
printed in the Atlantic Monthly and the Cen
tury Magazine. They show the influence of
literature over social progress, and the writer
is a great believer in the power of letters in
shaping the destinies of the world. He takes
the precaution to say early in the first paper
that by literature lie does not mean all books,
but some books. He says that men busy in prac
tical affairs do not realize the important part
literature plays in the development of the
world, and that they are proae to regard
thinkers and writers as comparatively useless
beings. He then proceeds cleverly to confute
this erroneous idea, and explains how we can
only see the truth when we look back over the
aces. Then it bs-comes clear that the great
men rf letters have been supreme in benefit
ins: the world. "The best heritage of genera
tion from generation is the character of great
men, but we always owe its transmission to
the poet and the •writer." He thinks the
world will be more permanently affected by
what Goetuo saiti than by what Bismarck
did. Ail the voluminous work of the great
Gladstone was probably not equal in lasting
beneficent power to the poem, "Iv Memo
rlam."
Speaking of the force of poetry, even among
savages, he mentions that when the Jesuits
landed on the Pacific Coast in 170S they found
that the Indians at San Gabriel decked them
selves in flowers and engaged in song contests
which lasted three days.
There is a timely essay on "Simplicity," in
which he states that all the masterpieces
which endure and become part of our lives are
characterized by simplicity. The eye like the
mind hates confusion and overcrowding. In
"Modern Fiction" every lover of good novels
will find it interesting to note the observa
tions of this bright, critical mind. In another
paper he satirizes the mournful expectations
of Mr. Froude's '-Progress." The importance
of using acquisitions is pointed out in "What
Is Yo'.ir Culture to Me?" and the "Novel and
the Common School" tells of training children
to love literature.
VIVID DESCRIPTIONS OF WAR.
THE LITTLE REGIMEN T-By Stephen Crane.
I). Appieton <fc Co., New York. Price $1. For
sale by Wll iaiu DoxeT, Pa:»ce Hotel, City.
This book deals with episodes of the Ameri
can Civil War, ana as might well be expected
from the author of it the accounts given oi the
terrible scenes of warfare are intensely vivid.
More real by far than any paintings could do
this man's words make the camping, march
ing. fi;h:ing and dying appear before the im
agination. The author made himself famous
by writing "The Red Badge of Courage," which
has received high praise for its wonderful de
scriptions. His books have a ring to them like
a battle-cry. In the shifting panorama he
puts Leforeour fancy we see the soldiers around
the bivouac fire, alternately joking good
naturediy, and swearing and grumbling at
their orders and their officers.
We hear wild and frenzied cheers and the
zip of deadly missiles. We see long lines of
blue or gray through mist or smoke, and then
amid sheets of flame "men stumbling over the
gtiastiy relics of other assaults." The whole
atmosphere of his tale is lurid. "List his dis
course oi war, and you shall hear a fearful
Dattle rendered you in music. " A few quota
tions culled at raudom will give an idea of his
power, but are, of course, weakened by de
tachment:
"An instant's picture of a horse in a great
convulsive leap of a death wound, and a rider
leaning back with a crooked arm and spread
fingers before* his face. On the ground was
the crimson of an exploding shell."
"The sober-hued village had been like the
cloak which disguises the king- of drama. It
was now put as'de, and an army, splendid
thing of steel and blue, stood forth in the sun
light."
A NEW BOOK BY GERTRUDE
A HERTON.
Gertrude Athcrton has earned the distinc
tion of being almost the only person of letters
who wus capable of promoting discussion in
America durlug the election troubles, says
the Bookman. Her letters to the Daily
News and the Daily Chronicle in Lon
don have given birth to angry articles
in nearly every prominent paper in America,
and the day is infrequent when her deprecia
tion of the American is not made the text of
some fresh attack. Mrs. Atherton,by the way,
dedicates her next book, "Patience Sparhawk
and Her Time," to M. Paul Bourget thus:
"To M. Paul Bourget, who olone of nil for
eigners has detected in its full significance
that the motive power, the cohering force, the
ultimate religion of that strange composite,
known as 'The Americans' is individual
will. Leaving the ultra religious element out
of the question, the high, the low, the rich,
the poor, the man, the woman of this sec
tion of the Western world, each, consciously
or unconsciously, believes in, relies on him
self primarily. In the higher civilization this
amounts to intellectual anarchy, and Its ten
dency is to make the Americans, or, more
exactly, the United Statesians, a new
race in a sense far more portentous than
in any which has yet been recog
nized. As M. Bourget prophesies destruction,
chaos may eventuate. On the other hand, tne
final result may be a race of harder fiber and
larger facilities than any in the history of civ
ilization. That this extraordinary self-de
pendence, or independence of certain tradi
tions that govern o^der nations is as quintes
sentially a part, of the women as of the men of
this race I have endeavored lo illustrate in the
following vageß."
ANTIQUE
A BOOK OF OLD ENGLISH BALLADS. The
Macnilllnn Company, New York. Price f'2.
For sale by William Doxey. Palace Hotel, City.
This "quaint and curious" volume has an
accompaiiirnent of decorative drawings by
George Wharton Edwards, in clever.imiiation
of "ye ancient style," and an introduction by
Hamilton W. Mabie, the rending of which will
arouse interest in these famous old stories in
verse, which have come down to us without
any record of their authors. These old bal
lads, Mr. Mabie points out, have a charm pe
culiarly ihelr own which it is impossible to
imitate. He says that modern poeis have, in
several instances, written ballads of striking
picturesqueuess and power, but as unlike the
old ballad as the world of to-day is unlike
that oi the time when "Chevy Chase" was
written. He elves an elaborate and clever
explanation cf the difference between the old
productions ana modern work, without any
comparison of them in the .sense of better and
worse. He says: "It is idle to exalt the wild
flower at the expense of the garden flower;
each has its fragrance, its beauty, its senti
ment; and the world is wide!"
The immortal ballad of "Chevy Chase" is of
course there, and several about Robin Hood.
There is a good version of "King Copbetua
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
j\ Human Soul.
A wise man walked by the river,
And the water spirit's sigh
As she yearned for a soul, It moved him,
And he answered thus her cry:
" Can you smile when your heart Is aching?
Remember when others forget?
Leugh lightly, while hope is taking
Its final farewell of you; yet
Meet the world, and strive on to the ending
Of life, be it ever so diead ;
Firm in faith, without lalter, unbending
With never a sigh or a tear?"
" All this I can do," said she.
" Can you face your life if left lonely,
While another Las gained his rest,
And you have the memory only
Of one who was truest and best?
forever to you :he world's brightness
Then passes away for aye;
Can pierce through that darkest day."
and the Beggar Maid," and the ever-fascinat
ing tale of Fair Rosamond has such a pleading
picture of the poor girl kneeline before those
"dragon eyes of angered Eleanor" as greatly
adds to the impression aiways made by the
ballad, that this was one of those rare cases in
which frailty was sweeter far than the virtue
which denounced it. The Scottish song of
"Waly, Waly, I.ove Be Bonny" has a picture of
a maiden with her head bowed upon her
knees, and the serpent has his forced tongue
cluse to her face and she is thinking:
But had I wist, before I Ust.
That love had been sac 111 to win.
MEDICAL
THF. ILLS OF INDIGESTION— Their Causes
and Tlieir Cures. By Herman Partsch. AJ.D.
tumbernauld Company. North Berkeley, Cal.
Price $b. For salo by William Doxey,
Palace Hotel.
Dr. Herman Partsch of Berkeley has in this
book of 3-10 pages given us his best thought
on the subject of the reason and the remedy
ofoneot the most prevalent forms of human
suffering. He has had tweuty-five years of
experimental study of disorders of digestion
and his interest in the study has been made
keen by the fact that he has himself been a
great sufferer from tnis vexatious ill, which is
not only painful but paralyzing to the work
ing powers of the mind. He learned how to
cure himself and has perfect confidence that
all cases can be cured by proper treatment.
The putient will be pleased to learn thm this
proper treatment does not consist In drug
ging, nor in the employment of expensive
doctors, nor even in any painful amount of
heroic self-denial. He is a great believer in a
varied diet and lays the blame of much of the
stomach's ills to monotonous bills of fare. No
matter how good and how well cooked the
food it will not do to be put upon the stomach
with continuous repetilion. The lesson of
healthy livinu hecondenses into thisparadox:
"The regular way to live is to live irregu
larly." He says that generally a dyspeptic
will not reform, or wi 1 not remain reformed,
unless he understands as far as possible the
reason for the changes urged upon him. The
observant reader will note with curious in
terest the doctor's use of the word "reform" in
this statement. It seems to Imply that he re
gards dyspepsia as a sort of vice like dram
drinking, which a man should post himself
about the evils of and quit it. Indeed the doc
tor considers there is no more doubt about
building up a good digestive power when a
rational method is pursued than there is about
the certainty of building a house wnen a prop
erly instructed man undertakes the job.
WASHINGTON`S YOUTH
A VIRGINIA CaVALIER-Bv Mollie Klliott
Seaweil. Harper & Uro;hers, Sew York. Price
91 5'J. For a. ■■:•■ by A. M. Uobertsuu, Pus; street,
City.
Even if George Washington had died in
early manhood without the great halo of fame
about his name the story of his adventurous
and noble youth would have made an exceed
ingly lnterestiug book, m!d when added to
this attraction we have the curiosity to know
about the youth of one of the greatest hereos
of history, the volume telling it should surely
tinii a wide circle of readers.
The Virginia cuvalier is none other than the
father of his country, and the motto on the
lirst page of the book is "Nature made Wash
ington great, but he made himself virtuous."
There are a large number of good illustra
tions and the frontispiece represents
Lord Fairfax delivering a sword to the future
conqueror and charging him never to draw it
in an unworthy cause.
George's stay at Gieenwood Court is related,
and the attack on the house by Indians, when
the boy got his firgt experience in lighting.
The history of his receiving a warrant as mid
shipman on board JI. M. S. Bellona and how
lie gave it up in deference to his mother's
wishes is told. His long tramp through the
wilderness to the Ohio River makes one of the
best features of the tale, and the closing chap
ter is ni'Oiit his participation in the campaign
against the French and Indians led by Brad
dock.
ADVENTURES AT SEA.
MASTER AKDICK, BUCCAUEER-By F. H.
CosK-l o. D. Appleion <fc la, New YorK. Price
60 cents. For sale by William Doiey, Palace
Hotel, City.
The mere name of buccaneer is enough to
attract those readers who love stories of wild
adventure. Bold r.nd buccaneerare two words
which alliterate and affiliate so well that they
keep a strong bond of association in our mem
ories. This book is a good story of it* cli.ss.
It mainly deals with the narration of thrilling
incidents, and makes no pretensious to any
thing else. There are exciting chases across
the sea, mutinies and terrific fights, captures
and escapes. But Master Ardick is no wicked
pirate, as the title applied to his name might
impiy. He finds himself part of the crew of a
buccaneer vessel after a series of perilous
events which came into his life more as by the
decree of fate than any exercise of his free
will. The style is quaint, and an imitation ot
old-fashioned narration.
SCIPIO AFRICANUS
UNCLE s-'CfPIO— By Mrs. J. H Walworth. New
York: K. F. Fenne <fc to. Price $1 25.
Uncle Scipio is a good old negro of the South
ern plantation, who is well liked by all who
become acquainted with him. The story is
INDIANS FIRING THE PRAIRIE.
[From Oeneral Miles' New Book.]
"All this I can do," said she.
" Can you pause to do deed? of kindness
In the midst of your deepest woe?
For grief, it must not bring blindness
To the trials of others below.
You must ever strive on, and your sorrow,
Though heavy and sore to bear,
Remains till the dawn of that morrow,
When pain it is no more there."
'•All this I can do," said she.
Made answer the wise man slowly:
" If this be so, and thou
Canst bear grief, yet help the suffering,
Thou hast a soul even now."
Florence Peacock.
Chambers Journal.
FelloW-TraVelers.
I fain would have thee stay, Old Year,
For, oh, my heart is sore!
This nieht we say farewell, Old Year,
about old Southern families living on Mississ
ippi plantations after the war. There is a
weil- drawn character of a proud, conscien
tious, financially ruined man, who is unable
to adapt himself to the new conditions. The
author is a Southerner by adoption, and is thuß
able to give a clear insight into the condition
of the country just after the war, when so
many families were broken up. Here are
some thoughts frora the book: "As I started
back I found myself questioning if we at the
North who fought and suffered, but conquered
and came back to unharmed home?, could
quite take in yet what that fight had been to
these vanquished brothers of ours. Was there
one unscarred home, one unscourged heart, to
be fouud throughout the length and breadth
of this laud? As one man they sacrificed, and
as one man they suffered."
MOTHER AND SON.
FRANCES WALDEACX- By Rebecca Harding
Pavis. Jlurper A Brothers, New York. Price
?1 'J6. i-'or sale by A. M. Robertson, Post street,
City.
This is the atory of an aristocratic widow
with an idolized son, who breaks her heart by
letting his heart be ensnared by the wiles of
an adventuress with undesirable manners and
a shady past. Then there is the old story of
marry ia haste and repent at leisure. The
mother points to the girl and dramatically
demands of her son that he choose between
wife and mother. The boy quotes, "Those
whom God hath joined together." The mother
replies, "You have known her for three weeks.
I gave you life. I have been your slave every
hour since you were born. I have lived but
for you. Which of us has God joined to
gether ?" "Mother," replies her darling son,
"you're damnably unreasonable !"
The mother broods over the rash marriage
of her son until her mind becomes unbalanced
and she attempts to murder the boy's wife by
poison. The tale ends happily, for the unde
birable wife dies and the headstrong boy be
comes a prosaic and wealthy stockbroker.
The fun of the book is in the incident of the
ridiculously barefaced mercenariness of the
courtship of a titled foreigner, who makes a
mere episode in the story, but it is an enter
taining episode.
QUAKERS AND INDIANS.
THE WAM rtTM BELT: or. The Fairest Paoe
of X istory— By llezekiah Buticrwortti. I>.
Appieton & Co., New York. Price 81 50. For
sale t>y William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
This pretty tale ol colonial lifeis founded
upon the historic fact that good Quakers exer
cised such a strongly beneficent influence that
Indians within the reach of it became good.
The. success of Perm's Indian policy gives am
ple evidence that even in the case of the savage
red man, with all his natural instincts of cruel
revenge, the poet'a assertion ho>ds good that if
men will be noble the nobleness that lies in
other men, sleeiing but never dead, will rise
to meet their own. A prominent place in the
story Is given to the treaty of Shackamaxon,
which has been called "the fairest page in
American history," "the only tieaty never
sworn to and never broken." The Indians
held this treaty inviolate until trespasses
were heaped upon them by the white men and
finally forced retaliation. For more than
thirty years after Perm's death his influence
still held sway over Indian councils, impe.ling
them to try to maintain pence by patiently
bearing provocation. If all white men had
been as noble as Perm, the saying need never
have become current that "the only good In
dian is a dead Indian."
A NOVEL BY CONAN DOYLE.
RODNEY STONE— By A. Conan Doyle. D. Ap
plet on & Co. For sale by Doxey, Palace Hotel.
Price $1 50.
The story of Rodney Stone is far below the
level of those which made its author famous
and secured for him a wide circle of readers
on both sides ot the ocean. It bears all the
marks of a book written solely tor the pur
pose of supplying the demand for more stories
by Conan Doyle. The plot is extravagant and
the details of the mystery involved in it are
too improbable to be interesting.
Fortunately for Mr. Doyle's leputation the
work has some merits outside of the absurd
plot and the unskillful manner in which it is
developed. These merits are the style in
which tho story is written and the descrip
tions given of certain phases of life in Eng
land during the closing years of the last cen
tury. The class oi people to whom most at
tention is paid in the story is that of prize
fighters, ana the author holds that they were
b? no meant trie worst Englishmen of their
day. He writes with enthusiasm of Jackson,
Mendoza, Belcher and other champions of the
time, and the best scene in the book is that of
a prize-fight. Pugilism offers a new field for
novel writers and now that it has been en
tered by Mr. Doyle others will be inclined to
follow and we may look for a deluge of ro
mances of the ring.
A LOVE STORY.
THE QUEST OF THE GOLDEN GIRL— By
Kkhard lo Calltenne. John Lane: Tbe Bodley
Head. London and New York. For sale by
William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
Quite a good story is this of a quest which
was in tbe end rewarded with a rich requital,
though ilie golden girl who was found at last
was not wealthy nor did she become the seek
er's wife. The tale starts out with a descrip
tion of an old house and its bachelor and how
the loneliness in which a sister's marriage
Fhrewell for evermore —
How can I let thee pas-s, Old Year,
The threshold of my door?
For when thou farest forth, Old Year,
Thou wilt not go alone;
But only I shall see, Old Year,
Upon the threshold stone
The footprints in the snow, Old Year,
Trod deep beside thy own !
There's one that journeys forth, Old Year,
With thee across the snow-
That hand in hand with tbee, Old Year,
Out at my door will go —
But only I shall know. 015 Year,
But only I shall know!
And New Year's snow will fall, Old Year^
And drift my threshold o'er;
And New Year's suns will rise, Old Year,
And shine upon my floor— *
The feet that pass this night, Old Year,
Go forth for evermore!
Maky a. M. Marks in Temple Bar.
left it sends the owner forth upon a pilgrim
age. Then follows an indictment of spring, in
which the bachelor asserts that the lie by
which It was leading him was spring's oldest,
commonest lie— the lying promise of the per
fect woman, the quite impossible she. He
says it is sadly true tnat we always find the
golden girl in our first love and lose her in our
second; but further on in the book he some
what contrndicts this by saying paradoxically
that while it is true the sweetest kiss is the
first kiss of the first woman we love, it is
equally true that the first kiss of the last
womnn we love is the sweetest In the ending
of the book the seeker of the golden girl re
marks in happy mood : "As one little sprig of
lavender will perfume a queen's wardrobe, so
will a short x«--ar o j i ove j^p sweet a long
life."
USEFUL GIFT BOOKS
ORATORY AND ORATORS: WORDS, THEIR
USK AND "ABUSE:- HOURS WITH MKN
! AND BOOKS— By William .Matthews, LI.. D.
Published by Scott. Foresman & Co., Chicago.
For .mle by the Whitaker <£ Bay Company.
!;.' Price 5. ; ...;,.: -: : ,
The set of works under the above titles form
one of the best presents that could be given to
any one at this holiday season. They are ex
haustive, well printed and : substantially
bound. Sold only in Bets. From the same
publishers we receive ■ Son's of Yesterday by
B. F. Taylor, which is" a volume of charming
verse and can also be recommended as a suit
able giftbook. Price $2 50. • «
THE DELUGE OF BOOKS.
The enormous outmit of books in late years
surprises every one; few facts are more famil
iar, few are more commonly remarked, and
few arouse such confusion of mind as to where
they come from, why they exist and liow they
find buyers a:ul readers. In the year 1895
no fewer than 5">80 new books were published
iv England, besides 035 new editions of old
books. In a single mouth the New York Times
has recen ed mote than 400 books for review.
The output is indeed so larue that one might
be tempted to infer that the proportion of
books published to manuscripts offered ior
publication is becoming every year much
larger than it formerly was. But the fact ap
pears to be that this proportion, instead oi
changing: in that way, is changing in tho
other direction. With all the increase in pub
lications there has also been an increase In
writing. Frederick Macmillan, at a recent
dinner in London, stated that his house in one
year had accepted only twenty-two books out
of 315 that were submitted; while A. Chatto,
in a published interview, affirmed that his
house accepted an average of only about thir
teen for every 500 submitted.
Surrounded as we have been by a flood, we
have therefore to thank the publishers that
we ere not in the midst of a deluge/ Assum
ing that Mr. Macmillan's ratio is the ratio of all
puDlishers. and provided all submitted manu
scripts had been published, but excluding the
unknown factor that the same manuscript was
often submitted to several publishers, we
should have had Instead of 5580 new books,
72,540; while the same computation, with Mr.
Chatto's figures as a guide, would have given
ue 212,040 books, or nearly 700 for each day
of the yee.r, exclusive of Sundays.
The causes of this increase iv the number of
books are not far to seek. Cheapness of pro
duction—cheaper composition, cheaper paper,
cheaper binding— is a great one, but agrea te
is the increase in the number of those who
read. Popular education here shows some of
the results of its work. But wfoo shall say why
313 persons should continue to write books
when only 22 can have them accepted, or why
500 should write them when only 13 can hope
for acceptance? Is this also due to the spread
of poDUlar education and the resultant ambi
tion to write?
The ability to write hos become a common
accomplishment; that Is, the ability to write
what is fairly grammatical. Scores of persons
who write books which they hope to see pub
lished probably do not realize that something
more than correct sentences is necessary.
Provided they have a subject, with some
knowledge of it, all that remains necessary,
from their standpoint, is to write correctly.
They do not know that correct writing no
more makes a good writer than correct use of
mechanics' tools make an architect. No mere
grammarian ever was an artist in words; in
deed, the greatest artists in word* have some
times not been grammarians at all.
The future probably holds for us little hope
that the number of books will decline ; on the
contrary, they are more likely to increase in
number with the years. But we need not de
spair; despair remains only for the librarians —
for Mr. Spofford and Dr. Billings. The great
public will be protected, for the good books
will live, and the bad one will surely die— and
the death will be a natural one. There were
millions of houses in the ancient world, but
only one Parthenon. Italy has had millions
of buildings, but the Parthenon, St. Mark's
and St. Peter's still stand, as they will stand
for some ages longer. We may get our 5000 or
10,000 books each year, but it will still remain
true that not more than one really great book
can be produced in a century or so. Europe
waited several centuries to get her Dante, her
Shakespeare, her Moliere, her Cervantes.
Meanwhile, with tbe second great ones came
whole regiments of lesser men, who had their
brief reward, and then went each his silent
way, book in band, into the unknown beyond.
BY IHE GENERAL OF THE mm
Commander Nelson /\. Miles and His Inter
esting Book of Military Adventures
IT. IS JI .MJIG.NIFICH.NTLY ILLUSTRATED VOLUME
The Literary Flood of the holidays Still On, ar\d Books of History
JraVel, Fiction and Biography Jostle Each Other on
the Road to the ReVieW Table
MILITARY RECOLLECTIONS OF GENERAL
NELSON A. MILKS. The Werner Company:
Chicago and New YorK.
The general of the United States army has
given us in this large, handsome and splen
didly illustrated volume a narration of the
most thrilling and interesting events of his
military career. lie has been very generous
in his mention of his companions in arms, and
has given ", such a vivid account of the hard
ships and perils which they endured in the
arduous campaigns as will tend to make their
accomplishments be held in grateful remem
brance by their fellow-countrymen. .The book
embraces a brief review of the ; Civil War, but
is mainly devoted to . General Miles' Indian
campaigns. They are the comments of a close
observer with special opportunities for obtain
ing a comprehensive view on the exploration,
development and progress of our great West
ern empire. The pictures are by Frederick
Remington and other eminent artists.
The first chapter in the book contains obser
vations on colonial life and character, and tells
the effect that the history of New England had
on the youthful mind of the author. It was
this which caused him to decide to devote his
life to a military career.
General Miles spent six years in campaign
ing against the Indians and his relation of
this fighting and accounts of the Indian life
and character will be the chief interesting fea
ture of the ' book to most ■ readers. We can
proDably get here a truer and more vivid ac
count of Red Cloud and Sitting Bull and
other famous Indian chiefs than can be found
elsewhere. Even if we already know much
about them it is entertaining to have a great
soldier's opinion of them. Some of the trans
lations of the speeches . made by these brave
leaders show a wonderful eloquence and ele
vation of mind and they seem masters of the
art of condensation in expression. It is note
worthy that this upright and capable soldier,
after all his ample opportunities for judging,
gives it as his opinion that the prevalent no
tion of the Indian being incapable of the bet
ter impulses of humanity and unworthy of
admission to the brotherhood of man is a
great error. He has much that 'is ' good to say
of the red man, and shows their great ability
as diplomatists, statesmen and warriors.
JUVENILE BOOKS.
CHRISTINK'S CAREER— By Pauline King. D.
Appleton & 10., New York. Price SI 50. For
saie by William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
Bound in an odd cover of pea green and sil
ver, tli is book contains much interesting read
ing for young girls. There are a number of
good illustrations and the paper and printing
are excellent. Christine vras a girl of very
sweet disposition, and in the merry games and
lrolics as well as in the disagreements and
quarrels of her set of playmates she always
brought the charm and good influence of a
bright and lovable nature.
SOME B\V, AND NEIGHBORS IN CYRUS—
By Laura K. Richards. Boston: Estes <fc Lau
rlat. Price 50 cents.
A new volume in the famous "Captain Jan
uary" series, of which nearly 200,000 volumes
have already been sold. For years the author
has charmed an ever-increasing circle of
readers with her characteristic prose idyls of
New England life, and these two excellent
stories written in the author's usual graceful
manner are sure of the hearty approval of all
who pass a pleasant hour in reading them.
THE WINDFALL— By William O. Stoddard. D.
App!eton & Co.. New York. Price $1 50. FOt
sale by William Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
This story for boys of adventures both under
and above ground deals with accidents in
mines and with great floods and snowstorms
which call for deeas of heroism in rescue work
which are nobly responded to. There are half
a dozen good illustrations of tbe most excit
ing events in the story.
WYMP-S; AND OTHER FAIRY TALES— By
Kvelyn Sliarp. John Lane: Thn Bidley Head,
New York and London. Price $1 50. For sale
by William Uoxey, Palace Hotel, City.
Wymps, it seems, are not fairies, although
they have found their way into a book of fairy
tales. One of the wymps to whom we are in
troauced slides to the earth on a sunbeam and
takes a seat on a saltcellar on the table of the
King's banquet, and being jealous of the
fairies, who had more consideration there, he
bestows upon the Prince the evil gift of telling
everybody just what he thought of them. His
resulting rudeness is borne with patiently till
he tells the Queen her hair is turning gray.
Then her Majesty says, "The dear fellow can
not be right in his head; he must have a
doctor."
MIDSHIPMAN FARRAGUT-By James Barnes.
D. Appleion &. Co., New Yorlc. Price ?1. For
sale by William Boxey, Palace Hotel, City.
This semi-historical story of the precocious
youth of Admiral Farragut will be of interest
and probable profit to boys. Most of the inci
dents in the tale are true happenings, and all
but one of the characters are historical. Far
ragut is represented as having possessed won
derful fortitude and knowledge at a very early
age. The book is well illustrated with views
of ships and the sea.
DRAMATIZING A NOVEL.
The impression is rather prevalent just now
that any novelist can amass wealth by drama
tizing one of his own stories. Paul M. Potter,
who dramatized "Trilby," discussed the sub
ject the other da/, speaking as one with au
thority:
•■This idea that any novel can be drama
tized, even by an accomplished playwright, is
sheer nonsense," said Mr. Potter. "Not one
novel In a hundred thousand is suitable for
the stage, and I regard the accident of 'Trilby'
and the 'Prisoner of Zenda* coming together
in the same year one that is not likely to hap
pen again in our generation. Ask yourself
how many famous plays ever came irom
novels and you will realize the truth of what
I say."
The dramatization of stories, Mr. Potter
added, is entirely a French art. The French
know how to pick out one central incident in
a story and make ail the other incidents sub
sidiary to that. "Until a man learns this
trick," said Mr. Potter, "he cannot dramatize
a novel."
LITERARY NOTES.
The Daily Tatler, Stone & Kimball's brilliant
and novel literary newspaper, has ceased to
exist, after a lively career of thirteen days.
Mr. Kimball has said, however, that the pub
lication may be resumed next year.
Israel Zangwill has severed his connection
as literary essayist of the Pall Mail Maga
zine, but will continue to write for the Cos
mopolitan.
A fragment by Robert Louis Stevenson, enti
tled "A Mountain Town in France," has re
cently been found, and will be published im
mediately by John Lane. It is an account of
a sojourn at Le Monastier in the fall of 1878,
ana was intended as the opening chapters of
"Travels with a Dorkey in the Cevennes," but
never used.
Paul Bourget has been spendlug the summer
in Ireland. He is writing a novel telling of
the adventures of a French family who were
banished from France and c&ine to live on the
banks of Lake Killarney.
In McClure's Magazine for January, Lida
Rose McCabe will tell the story of the cele
brated "Martha Washington Case"— a case
which engaged a number of lawyers of na
tional renown; which charged a group of men
of the highest business and social standing
with causing the burning of a steamboat and
the consequent loss ot sixteen lives, in order
to collect a large sum of insurance; and
which, in its day, was a sensation ot the lirst
magnitude. The article will be illustrated.
The sumptuous edition of all Mr. Rudyard
Kipling's works which Messrs. Scribner are to
publish is already in the press. Mr. Kipling,
for this edition, has, according to the Book
man, entirely rearranged his stories, and,
among other changes, "In the Rukri," will be
placed in its proper position at the end of "The
Second Jungle Book." Messrs. Scribner pro
pose to call the edition "The Outward Bound."
The paper on which the books are to be printed
will all be watermarked with Mr. Kipling' 3
initials.
Admirers of Dr. Martineau's charming
English style, and no less delightful, gracious
and sympathetic reasoning on ethical themes,
will heartily welcome the little book which
the Macmillan Company is publishing under
the title "Faith the Beginning, Self-Surrender
the Fulfillment of the Spiritual Life," by James
Martineau. D.D., D.C.L. The chapters in the
book are entitled : Faith the Root ol Knowledge
and of Love; The Lapse of Time and the Law of
Obligation; Thou Art my Strength; The Claim*
of Christian Enterprise.
The same house will begin next year the
publication of an entirely new edition of the
writings of America's great historian, Francis
Parkman. It will include more than 100 full
page portraits and plates, from original paint
ings and rare prints, together with a number
of pictures made especially lor the works by
noted artists.
Messrs. R. H. Russell & Son of New York
announce the publication of "Dr. Jameson's
Raiders," by Richard Harding Pavis. Mr.
Davis attended the Jameson trials and was
given access to many papers, manifestos and
proclamations by the reform committee
that no one outside of their own' organiza
tion had seen. His acquaintance with
Dr. Jameson and bis officers enabled
him to write his account of the raid from de
scriptions given him by the men who made it,
and he has, therefore, been able to present the
only accurate story of their famous dash into
the Transvaal, beginning with Jameson's ad
dress to the troopers and detailing every mile
of the ride up to the surrender. The price
will be 50 cents.
Dean Farrar's long promised book on "The
Bible; Its Meaning and Supremacy," is now
announced as being "in the press" by the
Messrs. Longmans, who state that the author,
"while supporting the unique grandeur and
inestimable value of the Scriptures, points out
the dangerous errors which have sprung from
their misinterpretation and from liumanly
invented theories as to the nature of their in
spiration."
"Current History" for the third quarter of
the current year has been issued, and as usual
is an interesting and complete condensed
history of the leading events of the world. As
a book of reference it is one of the must useful
published.— GarreUon, Cox & Co., Buffalo,
N. Y. i
An Island of Chalk.
The English island of Thanet (formerly
part of the county of Kent) is almost
wholly composed of chalk. The island is .
ten miles' in length and about five in '
breadth and has more chalk exposed on
its surface than any other spot of equal
area on the globe. British geologists say
that there are not less than 42,000,000,000
tons of chalk "in sight" on Thanet and ,
that it would take 10,000 men and 5000
horses and carts 20,000 years to move it,
providing it were dv? up ready to be
carted away.— St. Louis Republic. .v '
. ;; • ■» • .
Palmistry has been practiced in the ,
East from time immemorable. The palm*
i-tera claim that several allusions in the
book of . Job indicate a knowledge of this
art.
NEW TO-DAY. ,
~~~ ;a ;; ;
Rare
Opportunity
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY,'
— .WE WILL GIVE A—
SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 15 PER CENT
—ON ALL
PIANO AND BANQUET LAMPS,
ONTXTABLES and BRIC-A-BRAC
IN OUR ARTKOOM.
818-820 MARKET
GENUINE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS
! CARPET,
75G A YARD,
I SEWED AND LAID.
__ ■ .
SHIREK & SHIREK,
747 Market Street,
Tel. 5391. ,: Opp. Grant At«.
v ";•'■" !^^^l^;' : . ■■'."^ .' •.' b^bbb^. -'■" '•"■ ■'' ■ -
':•:. he most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly ,
relieves and soon cures all Colds. Hoarseness,' Mora I
'i'tiroat, Bronchitis, I Congestions I and Tr i(l»inniar I
viou* 6Uc per botUe. bold by vr us^.s..* t> -;J
2122
PTPLHE sleeves and skirts having so
s >> diminished in size wo are not a!to
*ls seiner surprised at the announce
ment that the Ion:-, close-fitting redingote
ha« appeared in Paris lined with either
quilted silks or fur. One of a dark shade
of prune vigogne lined with silvery gray
pilk was favorably commented on. It
touched the ground all around, was
double breasted, had wide revers, a small
cape, and entonnoir collar all composed
of chincilla. Long and wide were the
ileeves, and inside the wrist was a band
of chincnilla. With this garment went a
large muff of chinchilla, at one side of
which was fastened a great bunch of
violets. Similar redinpotes may be
evolved from black vigogne and sable, or
petunia cashmere cloth and bison, etc.,
with excellent result?.
For younp girls there are some pretty
white cloth jackets, made like the summer
ones in pique, but double breasted, with
large nacre buttons; reversami high collar
of chincuilia or marten. AVith tliis a
llussian toque looks well, made of velvet
the same color as the dress, with band of
fjr round, and small flat muff to match.
The white cloth can easily be cleaned :f of
the best quality. To •near over cloaks or
other garments, a iur Bhoulder cape with
square ends in front, descending below the
waist, is much in vogue, and is called a
dalmatique. The same saapa can also be
made in other materials; for instance, a
boautiful long white saiin clcak for even
ing wear had over it a dalmatique of white
lanipas broche with large roses of various
shades, edged with frills of mousselinede
soie, over which fell a guipure in goM
Renaissance. The cloak had a high col
lar of white eiderdown.
At the great designers' are shown a
goodly array of dresses lor morning
wear, one being of a warm, rich shade oi
blue cloth. The well-hung tkirt had a
deep border of black embroidery round
the bottom; the bodice was of a really
beautiful quality of rich, soft silk that
exactly matched ihe cloth. It was made
ratiicr full in iront, and had three rows cf
openwork black embroidery nearly an
inch and a half wide. A band of the same
insertion encircled the wrists. A bolero
was worn over this of the same cloth as
the skirt, handsomely embroidered ail
around. It was cut up at the back in a
kind of vandyke. Round the waist was a
softly folded band of elegant Persian silk,
in which were mingled the harmonious
tones of creen, pink and blue with charm
ing results; this tied at one side in a
graceful bow. The lining throughout was
of taffeta glace, which changed from
green to blue, from blue to black.
Equally elegant was a house dress of
dove-gray cashmere, the lower part of the
skirt worked in an arabesque pattern in
jet beads; the back of the bodice was
close fitting, with a little beadwork; the
front was slightly fulled in at the waist,
and seemed to open at the left side, edged
with a narrow row of sealskin, which con
tinued in a sloping direction down the
left side of the skirt and all round tne
foot. The sleeves were a little fuil at the
top and then close fitting to the wrist,
■with the same desipn in beadwork car
ried out on the upper part of the sleeve;
round tbe waist a gold moire band with
bow at the side, and tbe neck band of tiie
same. This dress would look extremely
well in pale lavender or mauve. Collar in
black moire.
Preparing Bridal Tpoußßeaux.
A trousseau now In preparation con
tains several interesting costumes. The
wedding dress is of ivory satin, made en
vrincesse, the skirt perfectly plain, the
f^ie ornament being a string of orange
blossoms knotted loosely around the
waist and falling to the feet The bodice
is draped from the shoulder with old
point d'alencon. Tne traveling dress is of
chamois cloth, the skirt made with the
numerous seams that are now so fashion
able. Each seam is outlined with a
double row of cord. The bodice has the
corded sleeves and a bolero of chamois
velvet over a narrow vlastron of gold em
broidery, studded with Turkish turquoises.
You would all be deliphted with a gray
cloth gown of that real silvery shade so
difficult to find. The skirt is a perfect
model and is absolutely plain. The bod
ice is made with a small basque below the
wai«>t, and is completely covered with
beautiful gray silk embroidery of an ex
quisite design over white satin. The effect
is charming. At a recent wedding tbe
bride's mother was garbed in a corded
pearl-prray siik. The bodice had a zouave
of steel and jet passementerie, lined with
the gray silk and having long, pointed,
hanging fronts and a folded vest with Dows
of black satin.
The front of the skirt was ornamented
wfth two Vandykes of the same pasr-einen
terie, most artistically applied. Over the
close-fitting sleeves fell two capelike folds
of the silk. Completing this toilet was a
smart bonnet of black velvet sequins, with
black wings in front, black paradise
piumes and bunches of violets at the
back. A December bride, whose wedding
nreated quite a social stir, wore tbe richest
white duchesse satin. The skirt was em
broidered up the front and side seams in a
ribbon design, terminating at the hem
tvith true-lover's knots delicately worked
in silver and unusually tine rhinestones.
The swathed bodice was ornamented with
i lover's knot of the same embroidery on
Doe shoulder, both ends being wound
i-^--* v •-'^W'-' ~ _«^^. -^^9v^
round and meeting at the waist. The
lii'ht sieeves had epaulets ol lace and puffs
of chiffon. A star of diamonds held the
vo'uminous tulle veil. The six eider
bridesmaids on this occasion appeared in
frocks of very white Irish poplin, made
with plain «kirts. The bodices had
sashes of cherry-colored velvet swathed
round the figure, fastened with graduated
paste buttons, and fichus of the sheerest
white mousselinede soie, edged with lace.
The younger maids appeared in empire
dresses of the same material, covered with
mousseiine de soie, with fichus to match.
The long sashes of crimson velvet were
tied in greut bows in the back. All wore
becoming cavalier bats of shirred crimson
velvet, with a long black feather 'ailing on
the hair at the side. A bow of black moire
ribbon gave the finishing touch.
Apropos of eowns for bridesmaids there
ia nothing so fashionable as whit* or
cream color, trimmed with fur and worn
with large velvet picture hats. Baskets
ot flowers are now frequently carried in
stead of bouquets, or tall Empire canes
with bouquets at tne top. All accordion
pleated materials have been and are still
in hijjh favor for such dresses. Bright
lines are in v gue, if any color is indulged
in pink and crimson being most fashiona
ble, although yellow or green may be used
with most satisfactory results.
JI Dancing Fpock,
For a debutante oi unusual charm is of
a pinkish mauve rooussehne de soie com
bined wilh point d'esprit. It is mada over
an under slip of taffetas, which matches
io perfection. A deep Spanish flounce of
white point d'euprit with pretty design
and scalloped finish hangs over the iuous
seline skirt; a second one directly above it,
of less widtfi and gathered in so as to rise
in the back and droop in front. A round
bodice of mauve taffetas is draped with
the mousseiine and has a square decollet
a^f, to which is added a pompadour yoke,
half low, of mauve mousseiine, covered
with cpen embroidery in white silk. Two
shades nf mauve moire ribbon form the
ceinture, with upright twin bows and
pointed ends in the back. Mauve mous
seiine sleeves gathered prettily to the
crms with puffs at the top have flounces
of point d'esprit wired, the fans exceed
ingly full and standing out to give that
width which is still very smart across the
shoulders. A lovely bouquet of violets
completes the charm of this pretty frock,
which will be equally becoming to blonde,
brunette or chataigne.
«H Triple Skirt Costume
Is so excellent that I give you a Vogue
correspondent's description of it:
A walking costume as you may have
guessed, and of that soft pretty shade
called beige. The upper Bkirt fits ihe
ticure without a crease or wrinkle and
opens a little to the left of the center,
falling down to within twelve inches or
more from the bottom, and bound beauti
fully in tbe finest of black satin. A sec
ond skirt springs seemingly from the si'le
and falls seven inches below this one, and
a third repeats the second, ull bound alike
1. This gown is made of tan-colored cloth. The skirt has the new riding habit
effect, ar.d is cut from a single piece of the cloth. It is shaped to the figure at the top
by six darts and several gathers at the back. A wido band of sable set half way down
the skirt is the only trimming. The blouse waist is gathered into the waistband and
opens upon a full front of white taffeta silk. Sable collar with epaulettes. Straight
'collar of silk muslin and liow of the same, trimmed with lace. Sleeves cut on the
bias aiid ornamented with five rows of stitching. Toque of emerald velvet trimmed
with roses.
2. Reddish lavender cloth gown. The skirt is composed of five shaped pieces of
cloth set upon a'foundation skirt of silK to match. Blouse waist with back in a single
piece and fronts gathered into the waist. These open upon a gathered center front of
white silk. Stole of blue fox fur with collar of the same Jined with plum-colored vel
vet. The sleeve is formed of six biases of cloth upon a silk foundation. I'lum velvet
hat trimmed with roses.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
in black satin. In reality the last two are
separate pieces, cut to such perfection that
they keep up this deception. The effect is
admirable, original and tres elegant.
These side pieces decrease by overlapping
toward the waist-line and become very
narrow — the same narrowness manifesting
itself on the cloth bodice, which is draped
simply over the tight silk lining, opens on
the side in triple fronts, as it were, the
cloth edges baing each bound with black
satin. There is a belt of cloth, which hes
black satin folds put on horizontally, and
is fastened by two large bijouterie buttons
in front. Close-fitting sleeves, with three
cloth jockeys or epaulets cut bias, with
much spring for fullness, are bound also
with black satin and line.l with a pale
emerald-green silk, the long oval wrists
finished with two black satin folds, under
laid by two green silk ones. Emerald
green silk crush choker, trimmed with
rows of narrow black satin pipings and a
half-ruff of point de France lace. The
gown, altogether, was ravissanie.
T^e Czarina's Fancy
For French clothing has always been very
marked, and her orders have been numer
ous during the past year. One of the very
latest has just been completed in Paris.
It is a Breitschwanz jacket, the skins
composing it beinj; of rare beauty anil per
fection. The collar und cufts are of
ermine. Tbe from of this jacket is made
with a wide pleat down the center, fin
ished with buttons, very handsome ones,
by either side near the throat. From be
tween the shoulders in the back extend
three small box-pleats, two oi which are
1. Sea-green satin evening gown. The skirt is entirely plain, the waist of greon 3atin is covered with accordion pleated
chiffon of the same shade, and trimmed with bands of white satin embroidered in heliotrope and gold- Wide belt of
heliotrope velvet.
2. Press of blue taffeta with plain skirt and baby waist shirred In yoke form across the bust. Sleeves frills of the taffeta
pinked on the edges. Bolero jacket of emerald green velvet edged with lace. Sash and neck ribbon of green to match bolero.
3. This dainty evening dress for a young girl is of whito tulle, over rose-colored taffeta. The skirt is of white tulle, straight
breadths shirred to , the waist. Tbe bock breadth is bias-ed and laid in a double pleat. The bottom is lightly embroidered. The
waist is of rose-colored tulle, and the while satin ribbon bretolles are prolonged nearly to the foot of the skirt. Bows of satin rib
bon on the shoulder?. The wide satin belt is or.iamented with fo .r antique buttons.
4. Salmon pink cashmere gown with guimpe and sleeves of lace. Skirt with three folds on lower edge. Similar folds head
the top of the baby waist and edge tbe sleeve frills. The wide-folded waistband and collar are of taffeta to match the cashmere.
apparently held in place by two more
buttons. The pleats flare out in a very
greceful manner, and the sleeves, in spite
of all the verdicts to the contrary, are
very large and full. The collar is ex
tremely high and equally full. Recently
In the Avenue dcs Acacias vras noted a
coat of mastic cloth lincl throughout and
trimmed with bison. The collar and
toque were of seal. It was made very full
in the back, the fullness starting from a
deeply pointed plain yoke. Lined with
silk this model would make a useful gar
ment for milder climates.
One of the new theater - cloaks Is
a luxurious but most sensible garment,
being of a beautiful quality oi black satin
lined with an ivory tinted brocade ovei
which are great Marechal Niel ro-res with
their foliage. The draped revers are
trimmed with fresh lace and hemmed
with ermine. This fastens at the neck
with an elaborate ruff and cravat of pleated
net, which gives a delightful finish. An
imported jacket wbich ranks among the
highest novelties is made of leather of the
softest description like suede on the sur
face with a watered pattern but in the
brightest shade of chestnut brown; it fits
closely in the bncfc and loosely in front
with a velvet collar, and a loose boa of
sable at the neck completes it.
•Novel Fabrics.
Mousseiine de 6oie, chiffon, crepe lisse
tuile or the new pineapple fabric enters
into the composition ot 85 per cent at
least of the beautiful evening confections
now being sent out by the great houses
and dressmakers. As a result, the de
mands being so great lor such fabrics, the
designers and manufacturers realized last
winter that they must create some novel
ties. As a result of their ingenuity lovely
are the fancies in these delicious stuffs.
From far and near 1 have sent for samples
of them that I mi^ht write only of those
obtainable by us all. You would most of
you appreciate a dainty chiffon embroid
ered with medium-sized raised dois done
in silk of the same shade as the founda
tion. This you c»n have in delicate blue,
pink or buff, or you may have a white
chiffon embro'dcred with a white rosebud,
or with a pink one with green leaves, and
a lovely shade of Nile green has a small
rose also. Those who prefer black may
order it adorned with a lavender or pink
bud.
The silk and pineapple weaves are nn
disputably beautiful and cost but $2 25 per
yard. They are forty-seven inches wide
and have a silvery sheen most lovely after
"candle-light," besides they have the
merit of lasting twice as long as either
mousseline.chiffon or tulle. You may order
them run with either blue, green, pink,
buff or pinkish magent lines of silk— as the
poet said it is a "m.»stic, wonderful"
stuff. Then you have several mousselines
de soie to choose from. Some, for instance,
have a soft blue tone. There i 3 nearly an
inch of tbe plain mousseiine, then a nar
row stripe of siik, about an eighth of an
inch wide, then another piece of the plain
and a half inch stripe of tbe plain, then
after a like interval an insertion of a quar
ter inch wide of Valenciennes lace, on
either side of which are thread-like lines
of the silk. This is to be had either in
pink or blue. It measures in width forty
four inches and costs but $2, also in uious
seline de sole. 1 like a dead white one,
sprayed in white with a snowdrop. This
is much less expensive, being but $1 25
per yard— wklth forty-live inches. An
other eaniple is more liice a visible
gauze, and I believe can only be
had in blue or buff. It recalls
a well-known Algerian production m:ide
in Algiers for the past century, I believe.
One inch is plain and the next inch gof
fered. This is also $125 per yard and
measures 45 inches. Of the same order is
a diinty pink fabric, but still it is so very
different that you will all lilce a descrip
tion. First come seven little auarter of an
inch widu crinkled silk lines, divided from
one another by threads of gohien tiusel;
then corner an inch wide of tulle rnn with
live lines of the tinsel. This is the most
expensive ot any I have thus far men
tioned, the price being $2 00, and the
width is but 42 inches. It is, however, not
so perishable as the chiffons and mousse
lines de soie. Really chic are some other
gauzy samples. First comes a narrow
line of the plain open stuff; then a heav
ier line, down the center of which extends
a bright and flittering line of tinsel of the
same shade as the foundation. I have
only seen this in pink and black. The
black is run with a bright line of bluish
violet.
The very newest mousselines are some
that have just arrived by the last mail.
Two are black, run with color. Ona is
ornamented with clusters of lines, regu
larly spaced between which are oval
figures in raised embroidery. These are
done in apricot silk in the first inutance,
and in the second in a beautiful shade of
mauve. A amoky one is patterned in with
silky stripes, only in pink, and a gray one
embroidered in mauve has lines and the
oval figure as well. These measure forty
four inches, an<l cost but $1 £0. I regret
to say that for one not better in any way,
with only a blue rose, 1 foolishly paid
$2 50. However, wisdom comes only with
experience, so I can sincerely recommend
the $1 50 ones as far as price goes.
Beautiful Silks
Are always a good investment, and what
do you think of a sort, heavy, very rich
silk watered in a new and charming way,
which has at intervals of about an inch
stripes of white satin, with odd little
points all along the edges. This silk
comes in a rarely beautiful lilac and in a
gray. Fancy either of them made with a
white satin vest or bolero. In width they
are twenty-two inches, in price only $2 25
and certainly they are worth at least $3 50.
.For visiting toilets are some silks that I
do not see how I can in any way describe
so as to do them justice, as to be appre
ciated they must be seen, and if seen they
are sure to be either purchased or sorely
coveted. The colorings are unusual;
about them I can give you some idea — a
cafe au lait has some large pinhead dots
of black and a touch of Sevres blue; an
old rose pink has similar dots and a touch
of myrtle green, ana on a beautiful let
tuce-green ground appear wavy lines
dotted with green and white lines run
with a real strawberry pink; a bluish
gray is treated in the same way, but in
stead of the pink on a white line a choco
late line is introduced on a cafe au lait
ground. The quality of tne Bilk i? most
excellent, firm and soft; nothing could be
more modisu ; they would likewise make
exceptionally handsome dinner dresses.
The truth is they are absurdly cheap, be
ing the usual width for $2 25. How such
materials can be put on the market at
such a figure is a mystery to me. A sim
ply gorgeous soft silk having a greenish
brown ground is sprayed with delicately
shaded roses, and over sprayea with a
pretty whin vine-like figure «lightly
raised. Price $1 75 a yard.
The moires are daily becoming more
wonderful in coloring. For example, an
unusually rich one is watered with a deep
violet effect; another black one has
merely the watered lines outlined with
color. The same idea is carried out in
crimson. Others, also black, are quaintly
run here and there with broken and
irregular lines— one with bright green,
another with vivid crimson; regular
width, price $1 75 per yard. A matronly
and very handsome dress could be evolved
from an excellent silk having a deep claret
ground, which changes to green Over
it is a large, bold figure in black satin.
Price $1 45.
The evening silks are of exceptional ele
cance, and many of the latent for matrons
and young women who have been out a
year or so have either a satin ground on
which are gros-graln figures, outlined
with a shade of satin one shade deeper
than tbe ground, or watered gros-grain
backgrounds on wbich are satin figures.
Blue, pink, yellow and green are the colors
always to be found, and silks quite good
enough for most affairs are to be had for
$2 a yard, although some very gorgeous
ones cost $15 and $25 a yard, and very fair
qualities come as low as u5 cents.
Rather expensive are some ribbed goods
for evening wear; the ribs have a watered
effect and are thick and raised. They are
high novelties, and only as such coula
they command $2 90 for thirty-six inches,
although forty-six inches wide I have
only seen them in light pink and blue.
Liberty satins make inexpensive frocks
for debutantes, and last much longer than
stif7er qualities, costinc a third more at
least.
Black. fioodß.
I have just seen some unusually effective
loosely woven black goods, which look as
though lined with a brilliant satin; this
result is produced by the introduction ot
amber threads of tinsel, bright blue, cherry
or a lettuce green ; these are very stylish,
measure forty-six inches and cost ?145;
not much, all things considered. Some
woolens from Scotland are woven in
uasket pattern. I like the blue and black
and the dark brown and black, and when
made with black satin by a good woman
they would, either of them, be eminently
satisfactory, useful and fashionable.
Some light woolens run with frills are
being shown, and for house dress they can
be utilized satisfactorily, as almost any
shade can be had; for schoolgirls they
are simple and pretty; they cost from $1
to $1 '65, but those for $1 35 being wider
This stylish tea gown is a princess dress of velvet or velveteen in a lovely shade of
turquoise. The bacfc is cut without a seam, the gored breadth forming a rich fold
below the waist. The gown is lined throughout, the front being faced wit n ivory
satin and stiffened at tbe edge with canvas. The under dress is of ivory satin with
half low blouse bodice made up on a tight-fitting lining. The princess dre?s fastens
over the under dress at the right side. The large revers in front, the small ones
framing. the V point at tbe back, and the sabots on the sleeves are of ivory satin
veiled with ecru lace. The small puffed sleeve is of the velveteen, the ruffled sleeve of
un lined lace. A scarf end of lace falls from the waist on the right side near the back
pleat; the bows and belt are of ivory satin ribbon.
cut to better advantage. The quality is
excellent; all the shades are obtainable.
For many purpose are utilized soft crepy
woolens, which are but 75 cents and 46
inches wido with ribbons to match. No
young girl could have a prettier evening
frock. ' Marcella.
Stales fop .Men.
Men who cannot afford to discard their
white waistcoats after wearing them once
or twice must remember to order that no
starch is to be put on them, and if even
ing ties must be laundried no starch
should be brought in contact with them
and care should be taken never to wear
clothing which has just be cleaned with
benzine, the odor "being unpleasant to
most people.
This season all evening coats have
notched collars, the shawl and roll ones
being entirely out of date. Pumps on be
ing removed should always be rubbed
with a piece of flannel on which there is
some vaseline or me'ton cream. Pumps
and patent leather boots so treated will
last twice na long as those which are neg
lected.
I am happy to state that russet shoes
and boots with imitation mother-of-pearl
buttons have never been in fashion in this
country.
Quite true is it that "nothing so quickly
stamps a man as not 'in it' as the wearing
of a made necKtie"— that is, one that is not
self- tied.
Recently some one wrote to an Eastern
paper requesting information concerning
who pays the bills incurred by a wedding.
This reply will doubtless prove satisfac
tory to several who have asked me the
same question:
"The bride pays her expenses and
those of her attendants. The groom pays
his expenses and, those of his attendants.
All the expenses or a wedding fall upon
the parents of a bride— the church, the
music, the wedding reception, the invita
tions, the flowers at the house and the
collation. If the bride gives souvenirs to
her bridesmaids she pays for them. She,
of course, does nov give souvenirs to the
ushers. The bridegroom gives these and
pays for them. The only llowers that the
bridegroom pays for are bouquets for the
bride and bridesmaids and boutonnieres
for the ushers. He also fees the clergy
men and he pays for the carriages
used to bring the ushers to the church.
The moment he is married, however, he
assumes the expenses of married life and
he pays for the carriage in which he coes
away with his bride. He has literally
nothing to do with the wedding except to
be on hand to receive the bride when she
walks up to the altar. If he has ushers
and wants to give them souvenirs or a
bachelor uinner that is his affair. Of
course the bride has nothing to do with
that."
If a man has a crest he shonld wear a
plain gold die-sunk signet ring on the
little, finger of the right hand.
The watch chains now in vogue consist
of a very small gold-link chain, worn di
recily across the waistc at from one side
pocket to the other, passing through the
chain-hole in the middle, which is be
tween the button-bo es of the waistcoat
and is a vertical slit. Some men have the
chain pass from the watch-pocket through
this hole and from there it is allowed to
hang down under the waistcoat, the idea
being to show only as much of the chain
as is necessary. ''The chain is thu3 worn
with the evening, frock and cutaway
coats."
When scarfpins are worn with a four-in
hand they are placed just below the knot
in the middle. A plain pin should be
worn with morning or business suits, for
the afternoon the pin may consist of sev
eral or a sinjrle jeweL A single pearl may
be worn at any time.
For walking gloves light tan and red
dish shades are correct. C. C.
J^osaic. Age Highly Literary.
At first the Tel-el-Araarna tablets were
declared to be forgeries, and Renan gave
expression to the "critical" skepticism on
the subject in his annual address on Ori
ental discovery. Very soon, however, the
most stout-hearted champion of the illit
eracy of the ancient East was obliged to
yield, and the "critics" were forced to ad
mit that on this point, at all events, they
hud been in the wrong. But it was with a
bad grace that the admission was made,
for it did not require much .penetration to
see that the discovery deprived them of
what I may term their base of operations.
Just as Wolf's skepticism in regard to the
ago and authorship of Homer rested on
his belief in tho late date of the use of
writing for literary purposes in Greece, so
the really strong arguments of "the crit
ics" against the Mosaic age and author
ship of the Pentateuch was that neither
Mo.-es nor his contemporaries could read
or write. The Te!-e!-Amarna tablets hr.ye
come to upset this supposed fact and to
show that the Mosaic age was a highly
literary one. It is amusing to watch tho
undisguised reluctance with which "the
critics" have swallowed the unpalatable
fact that, after all, Moses could have
written the Israelitish law.—Contempo
rary Review.
; ". :_ KEV7 TO-DAY. • :■'■'<&
THIS WEEK.
HAND-EMBROIDERED
PHOTO FRAMES!
"Cabinet size, on linen," boau-
ttful designs, variety of designs
and shapes. Last week's price
95 cents.
N"otv 85 Cents.
DECORATED
HanfllercMef and Glove Boies!
Made entirely of glass, ribbon
trimmed. The price was $1.00.
All that are left
XdrofTV at 53 Cents.
E^a
Columbia Gloves !
Up to date In make. The verdict
of the ladles who are wearing
them* and their nam» Is legion :
"The Best Kid Gloves We Have
Ever Had." They are made to
advertise those who sell them.
j&Jt SI.OO.
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS.
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
USEFUL HOLIDAY GIFTS
FOR LADIES AND: MISSES. ;
One of Our CelebrafcedX'orsets and Waists
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XV
PAKISIA>' Cbll EX and THE
OLGA COKSEX.
0 U U Be TV y r M^-^jTfßra E 3 5
CAUTION— Having no agencies or branch stores,
our Corsets can be purchased only at our estab-
lishment. ' :-rSS&^m
Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
tW Parcels delivered free to Oakland, Almxntda
and Berkeley. . r;,-*;-
Our Store Open Evenings until Jan. 1.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
3VE. FREITJD d! son,
. 742-744 .Market st. and 10-1 Grant aye. ,
FINE FURS AND - ■-
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
! To order, f Kemoilelinc and repairing at prices far
below those of an y other furrier on the Pacific g
Coast. All wort guarametd.
AD. KGGQUri, Fashionable Furrier,
■'. 3Vs Koaruy Street,
Upstairs— Opposite . Chronicle. Formerly cutter
■with Itevilloa i-'reres, - Paris. London, New York.
>»«^M*!iJiaht»-> i iffifc.'<M.ijpw«.v3^lMß>r.- -><a»,rt.rtsrs»ft>SM
K^^Jlif^iJf^fl :;: The "most eCi<: »'' ijlls of Skla
WwJ&Vfrvi&kMx', Foods an.l Tissue Builders is reo-
Rv>)fJ~]_r |Bs3 ommeide"! bj physician! for iti
F3pS *3fc ?5*- Bfc I '^! T'" r i'. T ' and cfflcicj. It remote!
Ljafiju v«« Kniy. freckles »nd tan, prevents wrinkle!
Khßl *<?- MgV& and renders the akin «o!t. imooth,
BM^lK*— r^HlSES clear, and whit-. It cure* chapped
isEpZir'-iX*. \W<i h».,d;.cbao|.rd lips.. nd many .En
Kk^ '■"!. -':• >^S M •*•»•*. Price 50 cents. Sold by '
.■" —— — — 5B all Druggist*. : .; i ■
And at PACIFIC COAST AGENCY, Room 29,
Donoboe Building, 1170 Market St., S. F.
j» UWREK
-JgL SYSTEM*
I■* I '" ''-' XVT^J Xs The only one by which
Vt*«jC£&M ~ you can make a garment ■
\^Y-*/-^fr\ without trying on.'
Ml 1 (,?C£v / FREE TESTS.
."friw 1231 MARKET ST.
-•• i ; ;*; * l6ul EnnnNL I uI .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladi S'THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
' Direct Entrance from Market St»
VXMtA JKSXUi lilJWUi.il*.Society's New Fad
\ for New Year's Eve
TfIOUGHT transference will be the
f-cientihe fad of society. The psychic
evening promises to achieve great
popularity. Even now several events of
this sort have taken place, and with ihe
closer approach of the New Year the even
ing devoted to occultism will become more
and more apropos. lis devotees hold that
wnh the influence we may learn the
secrets of the year before v*.
Few students of human nature and the
queer things that humanity does wiJl fail
to admit the possibility of thought trans
ference. It is shown every day by tho
xinderstanding that seems to exist between
persona who are closely linked together,
Society Seeking to Discover by Occult Means What Fate Has in Store for Them.
which results in the same thought being I
expressed at the same time. A thought I
is conveyed from one human being to an- j
other without the conscious agency of the I
organ of sense. It can be transferred with- ,
out any feeling whatsoever.
Society has discovered that there is j
much enjoyment and entertainment in I
thought transference. The experiment
can be carried out in a variety of ways and
in a very interesting fashion. In the ordi
nary process two principals are required.
One cf these is the transmitter of the |
Thought, or the agent, as he is called. The j
other is. the sensitive or the subject ta
whom the thought is transferred. It is a
very interesting feature of the pss'chic j
evening, the selection of the agent and the !
sensitive. The first must be thoroughly :
earnest and intelligent. It is absolutely j
necessary that he should be entirely able j
to concentrate his mind on the thoughts !
which are to be transferred, to the exclu- i
Photograph of a
Butterfly's Tongue
THE visions which the camera makes i
public nowadays are widespread in j
variety and make it apparent that
the seemingly impossible is always on the
eve of accomplishment. No more striking '
evidence of this fart can be found than the I
clever work of Professor George S. Moler I
of Cornell University in photographing a j
butterfly's tongue.
This tiny bit of the mechanism of one of j
the most delightful of insects is, in its j
natural form, barely perceptible to the
human eye. Such a little affair it is that
one views with absolute amazement the j
accompanying picture, whicn is drawn
from the photograph referred to, this pho
tograph being furnished the writer by
Professor Moler himself.
It must be understood that photography
is one of the sciences which the Cornell
Btudent learnt as thoroughly as any
branch of study that he chooses to take
up while u:ider % thc guidance of his alma
lrater. There are very many queer pho
tographs taken in the course of a term.
Of the process of photography as a sc
(nee, and of tl.e resuits of that progress, |
Professor Moler has the following to say:
•'To thr. Editor: Since the advent of the
m dry pfate and sensitized him and
the .simplifying of the chem cal processes
necessary to produce a picture, the pho
tographic art has become indispensable in
almost all sorts of scientific investigations.
Its truthfulness to nature and the rai>:dity
of its action are two of the many valuable
qualities of the process. When formed
under proper conditions the image unnn
Hie plate can be depended upon as being ,
to sc*la proportional in all its parts to the
obj-ct itself. •
•One of the principal things which has
made this possible is the great accuracy
with which photo lenses are now con
structed so that they give rectilinear
images. During the last transit of Venus
many nhetocrraphs were taken, showing at
different- recorded intervals of time the
positions of the planets upon the image of
tho sun; then accurate measurements of
tho sun; then accurate
i
\ sion of all else. The sensitive is so called
j because of the necessity for her actually
; being sensitive to impressions. She must
te sensitive in brain and mind and must
i be influenced oy the thoughts projected.
The diversions of the psychic evening,
I as shown by the accompanying illustra-
I lion, are varied and attractive. While it
I is true that thought transference in itself
! i j not ordinarily supposed to 1 c accom
plished by the aid of apparatus, still it is
rendered easier and more of an amuse
ment than a science by the use of steel
bands and an electric wire. Tuese bands
! are adjusted to the heads of the two per
' sons who are to inoulge in the silent lan-
euage, much after the fashion which the
telephone girl follows in placing upon
her head the contrivance which holds tho
receiver to her ear. These two bends of
steel on the different persons are con
nected, as stated, by an electric wire.
Over this wire the thoughts Eeem to (Irish
at the wili of the stronger and sometimes
the weaker. The action is rapid and the
result unique.
Among other things which the ama
teur thought scientist, will attempt at the
psychic evenine entertainment is crystal
gazing — the process whereby it is said
that the sensitive, lookins closely at a
crystal and concentrating her mind, will
see before her a reproduction of the
images whfch fiil the mind of the agent
or some other person. Then there is the
mirror — that old relic of Hallowe'en cus
tom. The thought scientists promise
that by looking into the mirror steadfast
ly on such occasion one will not see a
these were made and upon the data so ob
tained important mathematical calcula
tions were based.
"Dry plates are now made so sensitive
to light that if an eiectric spark of short
duration illuminates one while a rifle
bullet is fired past the plate the shudow of
the flying ballet will be as sharply de
fined as if the bullet were stationary. An
other curious fact is also observed at the
same time, and that is that the shadows
of some waves of compressed air are also
photographed upon the plate. They very
much resemble the diverging wave pro
duced by a small steamer upon the sur
face of a smooth lake.
"Sometimes in research work too many
things are to be noted at the same time for
i the eye to catch them all ; sometimes the
motion to be observed is too rapid to be
seen, or there are cases in which it is too
slow to be perceived as motion at all. In
these and many other cases that might be
mentioned the photographic process is
called upon to aid the searcher after truth.
'•In some of the institutions of learning
photography is taugnt for the purpose of
preparing the student to use it in connec
tion with his experimental work in the
laboratory. It is not necessary that he
should become an artist capable of pro
ducing fine a portrait, or that he should
become a skillful retoucher, but it
is quite important that he should know
how to properly expo-e, dpvelop and fix a
dry plate or sensitized film and make
prints or lantern slides fn m tlieni. He
should not have to depend upon others to
do those things for him, and often in a
way ihat would not bring out the points
that he would like to have shown.
"Iti the remainder of this article some
of the u-es of photography w:ll be illus
trated by cuts from the original photo
graphs.
"A stretched cord which was being made
to vibrate for experimental purposes was
observed to have a peculiar path of vibra
tion, which it maintained continuously,
because it was being driven by a mecuan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
future husband or wife, but the person in
the room who is thinking of them, or per
haps some one far distant.
Besides the things mentioned, there is
the method, which is declared to be prac
ticable, of sittinc in a room With one or
more persons, thinking intently of the
street outside, with which all are famil
iar, and that before the mind's eye then
will pass in reproduction the events which
are transpiring out of doors.
All these things will be accomplished,
say the promoters of the psychic evening,
to the entire satisfaction of every one
present. This savors strongly of the pre
diction of the showman. Let us see just
what is' necessary to carry out the major
I portion of the programme outlined.
When the company is gathered the first
thing to be done is to learn who is the
best possible person to be the sensitive.
Oftentimes impressions are very erroneous
in this regard. The very person who may
seem to be frail and yielding is quite
likely to be possessed of altogether too
much wili-power. There is a certain test,
however, which is always tried, and that
is by the agent requesting the lady to
| Btand and to close her eyes. Then he will
j hold his right hand at a distance of from
I four to five inches over her forehead and
: wish that 3he may lean her forehead in I
! the direction of his hand. Should she do J
I this she would be considered sensitive.
The agent is generally a man. Women, !
as a rule, make good sensitives an i j
very poor agents. The men are superior
because they are more positive in will and
better able to concentrate their attention
upon the thoneht decided upon. It is the
refined organiza'ion of woman that makes i
her the best sensitive. She is more in- j
tuitive and more impresaionnte than man. <
The agent must be level-headed, quiet and i
determined. The sensitive must listen to I
and quietly obey the directions of the !
agent. These things accomplished and j
understood the rest of the programme is
clear.
ical device. To study the motion of the
cord an electric light was arraneed to
shine through a narrow slit and cut across
the cord at right angles to its length;
then when the room was made very dark
oniy the light point of the cord was visi
ble, this on account of the rapidity of the
motion described a bright line which was
photographed, giving the fiuure which !
somewhat resembles a written capital I. \
The exposure was repeated again after \
shifting the plate a little to one side, tiuis !
giving a pair of figures.
"In electrical measurements and ir.vesti- ;
gations there are many cases where pho-
Wonderful Photograph of a Eutterfly's Tongue
tography comes in as a very convenient
method of making records. One of these
is the taking of alternating current curves.
When an alternating current dynamo is
running it sends a current fir^t one way
around the line then the other, and these
sometimes flew at the rate of several hun
dred p_-r second. Now if an exceedingly
light mirror is attached to averv sni:ili bit
of iron, so that both together are smaller
than tho head of an ordinary pin, and
these are cemented to the middle of a
There are various ways in which experi
ments of thought transference will be car
ried out. One of them, for instance, is to
have the sensitive write or draw some
thing. The sensitive is blindfolded, but
this is not so much to prevent her seeing
as it is to concentrate her thoughts, for
concentration is an absolute necessity to
successful accomplishment.
The agent seats himself opposite the
blindfolded sensitive and draws a figure
on a piece of paper. After this is accom
plished he will pats the design around to
those present and each will study it thor
oughly. Sufficient intentness of gaze
must be given to the object in question
so that each person in the room may be
able to see the picture with their eyes
closed as well as open. Then the agent,
by concentrating his attention on the
mental vision, will transfer to the mind
of the sensitive the picture or figure which
he drew.
The sensitive will not know how she
gains the impression, perhaps, but she
will feel that she haa received an idea,
that she sees something. The chances are
that after removing the handkerchief she
wiJl be nble to fully describe the figure
drawn by the agent and visualized by all
the other persons in the room. It is de
clared l>y those who have made the experi
ment that the situation described will be
the result attained at such times in nine
cases out of ten. This experimental trans
lerence of thought brims or.t very clearly
the reason for the every-day thought trans
ference that takes pl?ce in families. There
is naturMly a general unity of thought in
inch circles, and the result is that thoughts
are frequently known to others before the
originator speaks them.
An experiment which is occasionally
tried and bids fair to be very popular is
that which causes the sensitive in several
rooms distant from an assembled com
pany to act in accordance with their
wishes. In this instance the sensitive
should leave the room where the company
short quartz fiber, which is fastened at its
ends, and then the proper magnetic and
electrical conditions are established, the
needle, as we may call the iron with its
mirror, will be deflected one way when the
current runs in one direction end the
otiier way when it flows in the otlier.
"If sunlight or the litrht from an arc
lamp is reflected from this little mirror
while it is vibrating and the reflected light
falls UDon a rapidly moving dry plate the
spot of light will leave a trace which will
be revealed by developing the plate. It
will resemble a wavy line like the traces
shown, which were made in that way, but
it has more meaning that a simple wavy
iine to the electrical engineer.
"When sound waves impinge upon a
stretched membrane they will cause it to
vibrate, and if the membrane covers tne
opening of a small cavity through which
illuminating gas is passing on its way to a
pinho'e gasjet the flame will dance up
and down with every wave, and when the
!-ound is a complex one the flame will pe
riodically shoot to different heights.
"By enriching the gas with oxygea the
is assembled by herself and go to some
other part of the house, auite a distance
away. Then if it is desired that she should
get a certain article in some other room
the agent should write the n>»me of what
ever it may be on a slip of paper, and this
slip of paper should be shown to each per
son in the room which the sensitive just
left.
Then every one, as well as the agent,
should think of t lie article in question and
form the desire in their minds that the
sensitive shall go and get the article and
bring it to the room from which she
started. In most cases the experiment is
entirely successful, although the sensitive
is wholly cut off from all conscious or un
conscious direction of either the agent or
tho other guests who are enjoying the
evening's entertainment.
A still more interesting trial of thought
transference is that which causes the
sensitive to speak a word. In this in
stance, when the sensitive, who has been
sent from the room, re-enters it and stands
just inside the door, all those present
think intently of some word which it has
been asrreed upon she shall say. In a mo
ment the sensitive will, as a rule, speak
the word. She cannot tell why. She only
knows that she has had an impulse to
speak, but cannot tell how it came to her.
It is the case that the agent, to be en
tirely successful, must be the principal
mover and planner of the actions which
the sensitive is to take. It is practically
through the strong will and mind of the
agent that the sensitive is made to see
with her mind's eye. If it is a drawing
that she is to describe, it is always best
that the agent should make that drawing.
He, above all others, should concentrate
his attention thereon after the drawing is
completed. Then he must insist that sev
eral of the other persons in the room keep
their minds upon the object delineated
with equal intentness.
The reason for using a drawing in an
instance of this sort is to reduce thought
to a drawn subject. This makes the re
production by thought infinitely easier
than it would be under other ciicum
stances. It is the way thought is utilized
in this series of experiments more than
the requirement that is made which en
ables thought transference to become a
thorougn success.
The impression should not be gained
that what has been described is at all in
the nature of hypno'Jsm or the so-called
spiritualism. Nothing of the sort. Those
who have experimented assert positively
that thought transference is no longer a
matter of doubt and that a careful trial
will convince any one. It is not neces
sary lor a person to become a medium or
anything of the sort. Two people witn
minds closely united always find tha.t they
know one another's thoughts almost in
tuitively. Tnis is held to be thought
transference. It will be given a thorough
test this winter at society's psychic even
ings.
Spice of Variety in Life.
The expression of his face showed that
he was easily irritated, and the contractor
into whoso office he walked braced him
self for trouble.
"I wish." said the irritable man, "that
you would do me a favor in connection
wiih the work on my house."
"Anything that we can do will be cheer
fully attended to."
"Thanic you. I wish you would send a
new man to do the painting."
"But the one we have there is an excel
lent workman." *
"I don't dotibt that. But he has been
there three days and he hasn't wtiistled
anything but 'Tell Them that You Saw
Me.' I'm pretty slow at catching a iune,
but I've learned that With ail the varia
tions, and if it's just the same to you I'd
like to start in on a new one." — Washing
ton Star.
A Big DeaL
The following story was told recently by
a woman who lived in the fur West and
did her shopping in New York by mail.
'•I had paid my bill the day before," she
said, ''but needed an article which was
marked on the catalogue '8 cents,' and at
the risK of lei tig informed tnat the order
was too small I sent it, and before I had
time to tell about the joke of sending an
8-cent order the article came prepaid with
a 4-cent stamp.
"At the end of the month I received a
statement in a sealed envelope showing
that I owed my New York correspondents
8 cents, for which I sent a check and re
ceived by return mail a receipt for that
amount. You see that my 8-cent purchase
cost the concern Scents in postage, and
still it spems anxious to have my trade."
— New York Tribune.
Seven of the largest theaters in Italy are
subsidized by the state.
flame may be made brisrht enough to
make an instantaneous picture of itself
very time it shoots up, and by swinging
the camera around while exposing tho
successive images will fall at different
places across the plate, and they will, by
their relative sizes, indicate the character
of tbo sound.
"The photograph of the tongue of a but
terfly which is shown was made by first
mounting the object upon a microscopic
slide, then illuminating it by an ordinary
gas light, a lens being used to concentrate
the rays of light upon it; an enlarged
image of the object was then produced by
means of a part of a microscope including
the objective. The image being so greatly
enlarged was necessarily quite faint, so
the time of exposure had to be increased
according.
"Sometimes an object is opaque, then it
must be lighted from the front; this is
the case when one wishes to photograph
the broken end of an electric light carbon
to show the grain highly mjieniried.
"Gkrogk S. Molek."
All these odd things of which Professor
Moler tells he has learned largely through
hit iwn experience. Hence what he says
can be accepted as the utterance of a man
who knows. He tells what the camera is
daily showing, that in the simplest things
of insect life* lie the greatest wonders.
Admitting Women.
The question of the admission of women
to the Ecole dcs Beaux Arts in Paris is
again to be brought before the French
Parliament as an amendment to the
budget. The Government will probably
leave the matter entirely in the hands of
the Chamber, without interposing any op
position. It is not thought probable,
however, thatthe measure will be adopted,
us it would involve large additional ex
pense, chiefly because the size of the
classes would be so increased that the
building would have to be enlarged or a
new one provided, especially as it would
be considered necessary that the instruc
tion bs given to the sexes separately.—
New York Tiibune.
As a child, King TJmberto of Italy was
extremely fragile, and as a youth he was
very delicate. When he grew older, how
ever, his constitution improved, and now
he almost equals his late father, Victor
Emmanuel, in robustness.
America Can Rival
Pisa s Leaning Tower
THE leaning tower of Pisa has a pro
totype in America. It is 2CO feet Inch
and at the base is two-thirds that
number of feet in circumference. At pres
ent it is thirteen inches out oi plumb, and
during a heavy storm, sways back and
forth like a willow wand.
Tnis remarkable structure is built on
the grounds of E» C. Steams & Co., accord
ing to a system invented by Sanford E.
Loring, an architect of Syracuse, where
the tower is located. By his system
heavy timbers are braced continuously
and connected by iron shoukler-pjates,
which take the place of the skeleton steel
construction. The brick on the outside is
merely a veneer, vand not a supporting
wail in any sense of the term. The tower
i° unprotected, and has to take the force
of every gale that blows.
It is just now the cau=e of fierce strife in
Syracuse, because the people declare that
it i 3 an imminent source of danger and
liable to fall at any moment. Architect
Loring, however, says that if it was thir
teen feet out of plumb, instead of thirteen'
inches, it would still be as safe as a
church, and that people might walkabout
under and around it all day and be in no
more danger than in the Mammoth Cave.
The Syracuse Common Council avers that
the tower is a public menace, and the ar
chitect in reply holds that it is perfectly
intact and safe, and that it will stand any
strain that is likely to come in the luture.
The Steams tower has only become of
the leaning variety at a comparatively
recent date. The circumstance that,
brought it into prominence in this role
was a hurricane, or, as sotne call it, a tor
nado. In any event it was a tremendous
wind, the fiercest nnd the fastest which
even the oldest inhabitant of Syracuse
ever heard of. The wind came from the
southeast, striking the tower upon the
faces shown in the accompanying illustra
tion. In its vicinity immense trees were
torn up by the roots, the roofs of ereat
The Leaning Tower of Syracuse.
Napoleon's "Warhorses.
The most celebrated warhorse of the
present century is unquestionably Napo
leon's Marengo, says Our Animal Friends.
In view of the many hundred biographies
of the great captain, it is certainly sur
prising that so little should be known with
any degree of certainty concerning this
world-famous charger.
To an American visitor to the dethroned
Bonapartes at Chiselhurst, in June, 1872,
Louis Napoleon, in a conversation about
his own horses and the war steeds of the
most illustrious of modern soiders said :
"The Emperor's favorite charger was
Marengo, an Arab, of good size and style,
and almost while. . -He rode him in his
last battle of Mount St. Jean, where
Marengo received his seventh wound. I
once mounted him when a youth, and but
a short time before the steed died, at th^e
age of o(j. Another favorite warhorse
was named Maria, and was used by the
Emperor xn many of his hundred battles.
Her skeleton is now to be seen in the an
cient castle of Ivenach on the Rhine, the
property of the Van Piessen family. Of
the other sixty or seventy horses owned
by Napoleon and used in battle, perhaps
the mo3t famous were Ali, Austerhiz,
Styrie and Jaffa. Ho had nineteen
chargers killed under him.
The American visitor might have added,
but did not, that Marshal Blucher had
twenty shot in battle, while Generals Cus
terand Forrest are believed to have each
lost almost as many in tne brief period of
four years. Maria, or Marie, is thus de
scribed by Victor Huso in the words of a
French veteran:
'On the day when Napoleon gave me
the cross I noticed his beast. It had its
ears very far apart, a deep saddle, a fine
head, marked with a black star, a very
buildings were twisted off and torn away
as if they had teen of half-inch plank.
Buildin-s in their entirety were lifted up
and smashed into kindling wood, but
though the big tower swayed from
side to side, as if understanding that it
was made to bend and not to break, it did
not fall.
On the top of this tall tower is a water
tank, and thia tank contained at the time
of the storm its normal contents, 10,000
gallons of water. When' the storm was
over and the sunlipht shone again hardly
a gallon of water had beon lost from the
tanic, so far as appearances indicated.
The tower, however, showed the eltect of
the terrific blow. Before the storm hap
pened, the structure had been as straight
as a ilritish grenadier, but now it was
found it had been twisted upon it 3 axis
and bent over so that it leaned in as great
a degree as the iamous tower of Pisa.
It will be observed by a glance at the
picture that there are one or two breaches
in the walls and that some of the window
sashes are in a woefully dilapidated con
dition, but otherwise it seems to be in
very good shape indeed. The space be
tween the third and fourth stori>s and the
sixtn and seventh seems to have suffered
from the storm the most severely. The
sole fact that saved the tower fiom demoli
tion was the peculiarity of the structure,
which is curiously arranged iron work.
Th 1 * brick wall that seems to form the
structure is, as stated, simply veneer, and
the holes that the storm rent through it
indicate lorcipjy what would have baeu
the fate of the structure had the brick
entered into its composition more largely.
As it is, it is the strangest specimen of
what clever architectural work will stand,
and before the Common Council and the
Steams people are through with the war
it is making it all promises to become one
of those legal rights that will go down into
history as events in which every one is in
terested.
long necK, prominent knees, projecting
flanks, oblique shoulders and a strong
crupper. She was a little above fifteen
hands high."
The Hon. Francis Lawley of London
possesses ti~e picture of a white Arab stal
lion, the history of which is well known,
with the inscription in Franch, "Ali,
battle-charger of Napoleon." He was
captured from the Mamelukes and pre
sented to the great captain. On Napo
leon's downfall a French gentleman pur
chased Jaffa and Marengo and conveyed
them to his estate in England. The tomb
stone of the former is to be, seen at Glas
senbury, in Kent, with this inscription:
"Under this stone lies Jaffa, the celebrated
charger of Napoleon."
The last trumpet call sounded for Ma
rengo in September, 1829, just as he had
completed 3(3 years. After his death his
bones received an honorable place in the
Military Institute, as already mentioned.
Another souvenir of the famous steed is
one of his hoofs made into a snuff-box,
which makes its daily round after dinner
at the Queen's Guard, in St. James' Pal
ace, London. On the silver lid is the
legend: "Hoof of Marengo, barb charger
of Napoleon, ridden by him at Marengo,
Austerlitz, Jena, Wagram, in the Russian
campaign, and at Waterloo," and round
the silver shoe the legend continues:
"Marengo was wounded in the right hip
at Waterloo, when hi 3 great master was
on him in the hollow road in advance of
the French position. He had been fre
quently wounded before in other battles,"
Some electricians carry a small com*
pass in their pockets, and before they
touch a wire hold the compass near it. If
the needle is not deflected tney know there
is no current in> it, and that it is safe to
handle it.
2324
i V "F\ hf^^^o^<\j wryMC-^^^ff Q^k i
"DO COME AND PLAY— THIS IS ' MERRY CHRISTMAS'!"— From Time.
ir^^FTEIl the merry Christmas time come
a' J-TKU the merry Year, and that it may
nappy Now Year, and that it may
Jl^Xf indeed be a happy one to you is the
eaVrie^t wish of your editor. Jjot that your
little boats may idly drift o'er calm, sunlit
seas, oh.no; but that you may have courage
to baffle every storm, and then, when a con
queror you stand, your days will be tilled with
the happiness that comes alone from work
-.veil done.
Do any of you remember the little story I
told you lr.st year about the month of Janu
ary? I u'isii some of you would wnteitfor me
this week and scad it in real early, 60 we may
publish it on oui next page.
Qj\Vy (D/\c Zfoy.
By Fronie Abbott.
. "Ob, mamma, come here and see
What Santa Ciaus has done.
He's lt-f i so many, many toys,
I'm "frald some boy's got none."
Si the little voice rang out,
>o full of joy and glee.
He Thought, "How good old Santa was
To brother Will and me."
"But here are two almost alike;
This one I'll give to Tim.
I'll m-v- r ini*s it from mv lot.
And I'm sure It will please him.
"He is lame, yon know, mamma;
His mother, she is dead.
■ He sells newspapers on the street,
And scarcely earns his bread. '
"So I'll give Mm just this one,
For this I well can spare;
And lots of nuts, B ml candy, too,
With poor little Tim I'll snare."
And, each little boy and girl.
Spare just one toy. I pray,
To iii.-;ke tome sad heart glad
On this joyful Christmas day.
And remember, my dear little friend*,
That all things in charity given
Are recorded in big golden letters,
By our Father who is in heaven.
HeefeV r "Son.
A Stonj of Gape Hurricane.
By E. J. M.
A long, narrow strip of land belonging
to the Canadian Government and jutting
out into the Gulf of St. Lawrence was at
tlie time I write of known by the appro
priate title of Cape Hurricane.
On account of the dangerous condition
of the coast a magnificent lighthouse had
been built at the extreme point of the
cape and hard by stood the cottage of the
r. • ;-er, an old seafaring man named
Samuel Johnstone.
Besides two daughters he had four sons,
the youngest of whom Hale, aged four
teen years, is the hero of my story.
One day in the early part of September
the boys and girls with the exception of
Haie drove about ten miles inland for the
purpose of being present at a wedding the
same evening.
Samuel Johnstone, who was a widower,
was consequently left alcne with his little
son.
A3 night approached the former per
ceived, with some anxiety, that the sky
was overcast by heavy clouds; that a cold,
wet wind was blowing from the north and
the experienced mariner at once concluded
that a j.-reat storm was impending.
"Hale," he said, entering the cottuge
and addressing the boy, who was reading
SLATE PICTURE FOR BABY TO DRAW.
i by the open fireplace, "run down to tne
cove and pull up your skiff high and dry.
You'll never sail the little Sea Gull again
if to-night's storm strikes her."
"All right, father," the ooy replied, with
alacrity, for he would not lose his swift
and beautiful little pleasure-boat for the
world. "I'll take care of the Sea Gull.
Will you light the lamp?"
"Yes. Hurry up, my boy, for the storm
is breaking already. God help those at
sea to-nicht! The wreckers will be happy
in the morning."
It may be well to remark here that along
the barren shores of Cap a Hurricane were
scattered the cabins ol fugitive Indians,
outcasts from their tribes, and here and
there might be seen the shanty of some
fisherman, who could also act the roles of
smuggler and wrecker when occasion re.
quired.
Hale found his task of placing the Sea
Gull beyond danger more difficult than he
imagined.
Hence, it was some time before he was
ready to return to the cottage, and when
he turned his steps in that direction the
wind was howhne dismally, the waves
were already lashed into a fury, and the
spray irom the rocks dashed over the boy,
drenching him to the .-kin.
The lighthouse lamp, constructed on
the revolving plan, now flashed its radi
ance througn the intense darkness of the
night, at intervals of a minute's duration.
I love a lighthouse, whether glistening
white and beautiful, kissed by the purling
ripples of a gentle sen, and bathed in the
golden sunshine of a summer day, or
standing firm and invincible, lashed by
the angry surge, breasting the tempest's
wrath, and lifting its lire-crowned head
into the black, thunJering midnight sky.
To me it is at once an emblem of the in
finite peace which accompanies virtue, and
of the grand, suDlime courage which re
sists temptation.
Hale stopped suddenly with an excla
mation of surprise and fear as he ap
proacned the cottage. Something had
happened which made the boy's blood ru-n
| cold, and drove the ruddy color from his
) healthy face.
He crept up to the window and looked
I in. One glance and he understood all.
i Four wreckers, awkwardly disguised wiih
masks of canvas, had captured and bound
the keeper, wresting from him at the same
time the great iron key of the lighthouse.
These men, for the sake o! the booty
I cast up by the hungry, merciless waves,
intended to sacrifice hundreds of human
lives.
A thrill of horror ran through the boy's
frame as he thought of the enormity of
the crime that tnese men were about to
commit. A cold perspiration broke over
his brow, and he trembled like a leaf.
He crouched down in the shadows un
der the window-sill, and in a few seconds
had regained his presence of mind. His
father was helpless. It was his duty to
act — to outwit these men— to save hun
dreds of lives now at the mercy of the
wreckers.
Hale had npt lons to wait. Two men
were left to guard the prostrate form of
old Samuel Johnstone, while two others
cautiously left the cottage and ran swiftly
toward the lighthouse.
They turned the key in the lock and
both entered. The next instant Hale had
followed them.
The storm was raging fiercely. At in
tervals lightning qr.ivered through tlie
• sky, and rolling thunder seemed to shake
the very battlements of heaven, Tlie wind
howled like a savage monster in search of
prey, and flung foam-crested waves upon
ithe beach, like packs of yelping wolves
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
I? D /
fbITED D>-/
whose white fongs flittered through the
darkness.
Hale quickly removed his shoes as he
gained the entrance to the lighthouse.
The door was left open. He listened.
Both men ascended the stairs. The boy's
heart beat with great thumps against his
side as he felt for tha key.
If he could secure it, it would be easy
to lock the wreckers out when they came
down, and then to repair what damage
they might have done to the lamp. But,
alas, the key was gone!
For an instant Hale was confused and
disappointed, but it was not long before
he hail contrived another plan, which he
determined to put into execution.
At all hazards he would follow the
wreckers to the top of the lizhthouse.
Trusting to his perfect knowledge ot
ever}' nook and cranny in the premises,
Hale, with the stealthy motion of a cat,
ascended the steep, narrow, winding
sairs.
For the first time in his experience they
creaked beneath his weight.
Up, up lie went, every slight noise send
ing a thrill of terror through his frame;
up past loopholes, which now admitted
no sincle ray of light; up, until the sec
ond last round was very nearly completed,
and then he stopped.
What was it that made him shiver as
though afflicted with an ague? What
caused him to crouch down in the inky
darkness, scarcely three feet from the bot
tom of the last rickety flight of stairs?
He held his breath and listened. Despite
the fearful roaring of the tempest without,
Hale distinctly heard the low murmnrof
voices, and the loud, echoing sound of
descending footsteps.
He recognized '.he wrecker?. One was
| an Indian, the other Miles Parker, a white
j man, and both suspicious and dangerous
! characters.
"Ugh!" exclaimed the former, as he
paused on the last step. "Ale hear urn
noise! Sh!"
The sharp-eared Indian had detected the
almost s-uiipressed breathing ot Hale.
Tlie brave boy never moved a muscle, but
the beating of his heart was painful in
that feariul moment.
Two steps to one side and either one of
the men would have tramped upon him
where he lay.
Would they make a search? Would
they strike a light?
"Go on, you coward," said Parker, im
patiently. "There ain't no human bein'
but them in the cottage within miles of
us. Go on, I tell you!"
"Ugh! White man, him fool!" the In
dian answered, mnttering discontentedly
as he passed downward.
Parker followed, and soon their echoing
footsteps died away in the distance, and
Hale rose, with a prayer of thanksgiving
on his lips, :'or the danger was past.
Quickly he ran up the last flight of
stairs, and one glance showed him all.
Ttie wnrkers had not extinguished the
lamp, but simply broken the revolving
apparatus. In another lighthouse further
down the coast the light was stationary.
Pilots, therefore, would naturally mistake
one for the other, and run their ships
upon the rocks. Thr plan of the wreckers
was perfect in its diabolical ingeuuity and
in its certain ty of success.
Hale, however, was equal to the occa
sion. Closing the heavy door of the little
circular apartment n« boliea and barred it
tirmly. This was scarcely the work of a
minute. Then, standing on a stool, he
found — on, joy of joys! — that he could
reach the lamp, and move it easily with
his hands — in line, tliat he hjmself could
perform the work of the revolving ap
paratus.
"One, tWo, three, four, five, six," he
counted, with the regularity of a clocfc,
until he reached "sixty," and then the
brilliant light flashed out upon the dark
ness, ami many a pilot, miles away upon
the bosom of the stormy gulf, saw the
well-known signal and steered his vessel
accor ingly.
It is scarcely necessary to relate how th«
infuriated wreckers, vowinc vengeance
upon the person who had outwitted them,
ran up the narrow stairway and flung
themselves again and again upon the
stout barrier which separated them from
the heroic boy. Suffice it to say that
amid the howling of the storm, the curses,
threats and pistol-shots of the baflled
ruffians five feet away from him, Hale
calmly and precisely continued counting
the weary minutes of that long, terrible
night.
His arms ached; his limbs could scarcely
support him; be was almost overcome
with fatigue; but he never flinched — he
stood with invincible determination at
his post of duty, saving by his exertions
the property of anxious merchants and
the lives of.storm-tossed mariners.
And when the anger of the storm sub
sided and the sun rose in the east, flinging
its glorious radiance over the sparkling
waters of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, it
Hashed brightly on the sails of many ships,
which, but for the lieroisru of a liitle boy,
would have been shattered on tne cruel
rocKs of (Jape Hurricane.
The wreckers, who had made their es
cape before daylight, were afterward cap
tured and punished as they deserved to
be — by imprisonment for a long term of
years.
When Hale, on descending from the
lighthouse in the morning, released bis
father, the latter wept tears of joy in
thanking heaven for so heroic and noble
hearted son.
Later the little fellow received a bronee
medai for heroism from the Government.
Even to this day visitors to Cape Hurri
cane, hearing this story toid, unite in ap
plauding the grand and nobie deed and in
calling down blessings upon the hero. Hale
Johnstone, the lightkeeper's son. — Golden
Days.
A Fw a j<n.£ I%Ulcf.
When for the first time In her lifa
She saw the snowflakes fall.
She held oul her tiny apron,
As if she would catch them all.
She opened her eves in wonder,
In wonder and glad surprise,
Then ran ouickly to her mother
With sparkling and merry eyes,
Ana cried, "Oh, mamma, please look out
And sea what's coining down-
God is popping Christmas corn
For all the boys and girls in town."
Addie F. BartleT.
E*n*j (DrY<jtnuj P<>.
By Hattie Whitney.
"Little girls don't seem to be good for
much nowaday."," said Uncle Grimble,
with a shake of his head that made his
briszht spectacles glitter and snap. "There
wa3 a time once when they used to know
how to wash dishes and sweep floors and
liked to learn about breadmaking and all
that. But that time went cut with can
dlesticks and Dutch ovens, and if my
nieces were big china dolls they'd be
about as much practical value and have
quite as many iik j as of how a pie is made.
Wouldn't they, Edna?"
Edna, who was benevolently rocking
the black kitten to sleep, stopped so sud
denly as to make Jet's bright yellow eyes
pop onen in surprise.
"Why, uncle," she replied, "I never
thought about making pies, or — or any
thing of that kind. Aunt Roxy always
tenas 10 that, you know. But I—lI — I ttiink
I could."
"Ha, ha!" laughed Uncle Grimble,
rather skeptically; '"and so could Tilly,
couldn't she?"
"I wouldn't," said Tilly, with a toss of
her pert little head. "I don t want to
know how to do that kind of things."
"Humph!" answered Uncle Grimble.
"It strikes me you want to eat, though. 'J
"Tilly,"' said Edna, that night, when the
wo were carefully and snugly tucked up
tin bed by good, faithful black Aunt Roxy,
their uncle's housekeeper, "I believe I will
try and learn 10 cook. Uncle wants us to."
1 "Nonsense !" responded Tilly. "I wouldn't
bother. Uncle's an old bachelor, and Miss
Smart p.mvs old bachelors are cranky and
aye funny ideas."
"I don't believe it," differed Edna, "and
my uncle's good, anyway. He thinks lots
of us. and we ought to try and please
him."
But Tilly had nestled her head under
the quilt, and was asleep by this time.
"Oh, Uncle Grimble! Uncle Grimble!
Guess what you' re going to get for a Christ
mas present."
"Bless us!" exclaimed Uncle Grimble,
ropping his newspaper as, Edna danced in
from the kitchen the day before Cnristmas
with a warm odor of holiday goodies fol
lowing her. "Whatever can it be?"
"A pic!" said Edna, fluttering into an
excited tiptoe jig — "a pie that I'm going
to make all myself. I've been learning of
Aunt lloxy, and now she says I can make
one myself."
"Just hear the child !" said Uncle Grim
ble, pulling off his spectacles and rubbing
them briskly on his big red handkerchief.
"Does she really care enough for her old
uncle to learn to make a pie expressly for
him?"
"Yes, indeed, uncle," assured Edna, put
ting her plump arms around his neck and
giving him a loving hug. "You're the
dearest, bestest uncle in the world !''
"There," said Uncle Grimble at last,
"jump down now. J'm going to put on
my great roat and go to town and see
what I can find in the way of pretty
things as presents — extra presents besides
those Santa Claus brings, you know — for
industrious little girld who learn to make
pies."
Miss Tilly slid off tne lounge where she
had been engaged in the manufacture of a
flock of paper chickens, and trotted for
ward witn a little pout on her red lips.
"I can make pies as good as Edna can,"
she said, shaking the curly brown locks
out of her eyes.
"Well done!" commended Uncle Grim
ble. "This is encouraging, little girl.
And now, to add still more interest to the
occasion, suppose I offer a first premium —
that is. a choice of presents to the one
who gets up the best pie to-morrow, while
the manufacturer of the second best gets
ttie second choice. Hey ?"
"Ail right," assented Edna, while Tilly
STREET CAROLERS.
popped down on a cushion before the fire,
with her feet doubled under her, and be
gan an energetic course of thinking.
The kitchen of Uncle Grimble's old
fashioned farmhouse was cheery to see
and fragrant to smell, as preparations for
to-morrow's feast went briskly on under
Aunt lioxy's skillful fingers. And now,
at last, the principal portion of the work
was over, the big turkey sleeping his last
brown savory sleep on the blue platter in
the pantry, beside the great raisin-dotted
plum puddlnc, two loaves of cake, out
lined temptingly under white-fringed nap
kins, and the biggest tin ranful of jum
bles, cookies and crullers at the head of a
long procession of mince and pumpkin
pies.
Everything was baked except a half
dozen or so tarts, and some fruit pies
which had not yet received their upper
crusts, for, having got them so far along.
Aunt Roxy haa declared herself "plum
guv out an' not gwine to do nary stitch
mo' tell she had a smoke," which she was
new enjoying beside ihe dining-room fire
place.
Edna's great achievement — a wonderful
currant pie, to the manufacture of which
she had devoted the morning — stood in
the window-sill, alone in its tlory, a deep
bronze in hue. and neatly scalloped around
the edge.
"It isn't so very fine, as I see, that Edna
needed to make surh a fuss over it," said
Tilly to herself, pausing beside it, and
turning her scornful little nose up. "I
don't believe it's so awful hard to make a
pie, anyhow, that a body has to spend a
whole week learning how to put one to
gether, like Edna did. If I could only just
beat her, now!'
Here Miss Tilly's gaze fell upon the row
of uncompleted pies upon the table, which
started a new train of thought.
"I supine Aunt Roxy could beat me or
E-lna, either one," she went on, specula
tively. ."Her dough looks nice. I won
der — . These pies aren't half finished. If
I just took and borrowed some of Aunt
Roxy's doueh and finished one, it would
bf my pie, nnd would beat Edna, too. I'll
lake this nice, red-looking cherry pie.
There's so many more pies Aunt Roxy
won't nnss it when she comes out, acd
nobody'll know about it, so it'll do just as
well as if I made it all."
This iine of reasoning, you perceive, was
not sound. It involved, besides the appro
printing of Aunt Roxy's work, deceit
toward Uncle Grimble, and injustice to
Edna, whose pie, good or bad, was the re
sult of honest industry and study, and
stood fair and square before the world,
juat what it protended to be.
"I'll make mine prettier than Edna's,
too," said Tilly, as she whisked the half
finished pie, the rolling-pin und a piece of
dough "borrowed" from Aunt Roxy's pan,
into a far corner of ti.e pantry. "I'll
make it scallopicr than Edna's, and crinkle
the edge around with the cake-cutter."
"Bress de chile! Whar she git datf"
asked Aunt Roxy, half an hour after
ward, as Tilly came forth from the pantry,
gravely bearing her highly ornamented
pie, just ready for the oven.
"Made it," replied Tilly, triumphantly.
"Is it as nice as yours, Aunt Koxy?"
"Well, rte law-law !" Aunt Roxy dropped
upon a chair, rolling up her eyes in ad
miration. "Ef dat ain't de beatin'est
chile! Makin' sich a mighty fine-lookin'
pie 'dout no 'sperence ! Reckon hit'il
beat mine all to no whar!"
"And so," said Uncle Grimble, the next
day, when the anxiously-looked-for time
for the Christmas dinner dessert arrived,
"my two little cooks have been industrious
and actually made pies for their old
uncle, who hasn't yet lost his taste for
goodies."
"Tilly's is the nicest," admitted Edna,
witd a little unsuppressible tone of regret;
"but Aunt Roxy says some are natural
% (Boiolf^lc.
"Milady," Miss a la Mode,
Goes mincing along the road ;
She's psrfei-tly self-possessed,
Knowing she up-to-date's dressed.
All else may go hnng.
From McKiniey to "Chanz!"
Ah, the themes of to-day
In her brain have no play;
Such brains, by the way.
Are not formed of the "clay."
Shakespeare's "porcelain kind,"
A rare, diamond mind I
Santa Cruz. Its.
born cooks and some aren't. That must
be the difference."
''The proof of the pudding is in the eat
ing," remarked Uncle Grimble; "and the
same may be said of pies. So we'll give
both a. fair trial before we decide. 1 '
And here Uncle Grirable tooK a good
sized bite of Tilly's pie, and immediately
shut one eye and squinted the other up
fearfully.
"Tilly,' he said, "it's sour enough to
make a pip; squeal."
Aunt Roxy's red-spotted turban was
poked inside the dining-room door.
"I 'lowed to tell yo' all befo' dinner,"
she said, "not to eat none o' dat ar cherry
pie, 'cause hit ain't got no sweetnin' in.
Thar ain't but only one cherry pie, 'cause
I tuck all de cherries to put inter dem
little patty tarts; wasn't only jest 'nuff
left fo' one pie, an' when I'd done got de
pies in de pans an' was hxin' ob 'em fo'
de top crus', dat ar white chiny bowl ob
sugar guv out jest as I got to de cherry
pie, an' 1 'lows I'll leave dat one go tell I
cits a rest, an' when I puts on de top
orusties I'll go fetch some mo 1 sugar; an'
I 'clare to mercy I neber thought no mo'
about hit tell jest a little while ago — don't
even 'member noticin' dat pie when I fin
ished t'others, an' I reckon I jest x>ut on
ds top crus' 'dout thinkin' nothin' 'hout
hit; but yo' all needn't cut dat ar pie tell
I opens hit an' puts 3Ugar in hit."
"I think, Aunt Roxy, that we have cut
it already," replied Uncle Grimble, look
ing gravely at Tilly, who turned as red as
the cherry juice running in a bright
stream from where the pie had been cut.
It was all he said. But Tilly, suddenly
realizing the gravity of the offense she had
committed, and overwhelmed with morti
fication at its detection, felt herself justly
punished.
Edna, pitying her grief, proposed to go
on equal shares in the gifts; but Uncle
Grimble would not permit it from a stern
sense of justice.
"After all," he said to himself, "perhaps
I should not have offered a premium.
Love is the best motiye to work from, and
one not likely to induce deceit."
But as the premium had been offered it
was now awarded to Edna's Christmas
pie. — Golden Days.
THE LETTER
Bi.t'F. Canon, Cal., December 16, 1890.
Dear Editress: It has been several weeks
since I wrote to the Call, but we are having
examinations in our school and I have not
had time to write. Next Friday will be the
last day of school until next spring. I would
very much like to get acquainted with tlie
little boy who lives in the lighthouse. I have
never been very near to a lighthouse, and
would like to know more about it. If we have
much snow up here this winter, as it is a place
where snow usually falls in the winter, the
rotary snow-plow will come up here to work;
and as we generally have from three to twenty
feet of snow, I should liko some of the little
children who live in San Francisco to como up
here and sec what a wonderful thing it is.
You will see inr-losed some answers to the
puzzles of Dec. 13. I remain.
Your little friend,
Retha Waldan, C. R. C.
Santa Cr.tz, Cal.. Dec. 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 am a little girl 112 years old
and go to the Laurel School. lam in the sixth
grade. I send you a puzzle, wishing to be
come a member of the C. R. C. I love books
very much and lam generally reading one. I
like history the best of all. We had a fine
time at school the last day. We Had a tree and
a Santa Claus; Donald Kelsey was Santa clans.
I hare a tine time in summer when many of
mamma's old friends come to spend the sum
mer here. Fearing that my letter might be
getting too long I remain yours truly,
Hettie Snydek.
P. 8. Please print this letter.
San Francisco, Dec 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: Tnis is my lirst letter to you
and I would like to join the C. R. C. I read
the "Childhood's Realm" page every Sunday,
and enjoy it very much. I always try the puz
zles and sometimes get all of them. Have got
them all to-day, but do not know if they are
right. Igo to the Cleveland School and like
my teacher very much. I am in tlie fifth
grade and was No. 1 this month. We had a
Christmas exhibition and 1 took part in it. I
will be 10 years old next month and have a
little sister named Jessie, 8 years old. Wish
ing you a merry Cnrislmas, I remain your
new friend, Fred Anther.
419 Tenth st.
Trinidad, Dec. 19, 1896.
Lear Editor: This is my second letter to The
Call, and I was so glad to see my other one in
print in The Call cf December 3. I llKe the
children's* pasje, as it is nice to read the letters
from the little boys and girls during the long
winter evenings. It is so lonesome at a light
house. Every night before I go to bed, mamma
and Igo upstairs and look out of the window
up the hill and watch a large deer that comes
there every night. He likes to gaze at the light.
When the ocean roars he stands for hall an
hour and listens to it. My papa will not allow
anyone to shoot him, because I enjoy his
visits. Last week a steamer tried to come into
oui wharL bat it was so rough it had to stay
ont for twodays. I received a kind letter from
an unknown Iriend, M. Eva Nnvone. I think ii
Santa Ciaus gives any little boy or girl a
bicycle for Christmas they ought vo be hai py,
for I think a bicycle is the best thing ou'.Youi
friend, Clinton E. Harringtoji.
San Francisco, Dec. 22, l!*9^
Dear Editor: I was not sick at all. and to ice
as great an interest as ever ia reading the
etters, stories and contributions to p izzle
dom. lam pleased alwnys to hear from old
latniliar friends ana to see so many new
names added to the C. R. C. list.
A little friend of mi..c has been sick with
scarlet fever Jor three weeks. Perhaps •ome of
the boys and gir..i know her and would like to
hear from her. Hjr name is May 1> . She
is nine years of age, and lives at 917 Smisome
street. She has neither brother nor sister, and
hardly ever knew what means a niotner's
love. Her mother died when she was but 2
years old. Since then she bus been Ciired lor
by strangers. She is guarded like a prisoner.
A notice on her door warning all passersby of
a contagious disease scares all tier playmates
away. By a special favor I was admitted, and
it was with pity and dismay I saw the havoc
that dread disease hud made on her pale and
wasted tiny form.
I wonder if Santa Claus is afraid of lever
and it he will fill her little stocking on Christ
mas eve.
A merry Christmas and happy New Year to
to you and all the members of C. R. C. and
aspirants thereto is the sincere wish of your
friend, Max Selig.
Santa Rosa, Cal., Dec. 21, 189<i.
Dear Editor: Tnis is my first letter to Thb
Cai-l. My papa has taken The Call for a long
time. lam 9 years old. I have a little sister 3
whose name is Mona. Christmas is coming
and lam very glad. I like to read the Child
hood's Realm. We used to live near Oakland
before we moved up here on tne ranch, but I
like the country best. Hoping to see my letter
in the next Sunday's Call I shall close. Wish
ing a 1 a Merry Christmas and Happy New
Year, I remain, your little friend,
Bella Kneale.
Alamfda, Cal., Dec. 22, 189 G.
Dear Editor: We have guessed all the puz
z'.es in last Sunday's paper but one, so jto
thought we would send them in and 9*M±
they were right. We are two schoolgirls, iTtr
we reside near each other. We have uken
The Call for a good many years, and we lika
it very much. We like to guess the puzzles m
Childhood's Realm, but we never thought of
sending them in before. Hoping to see our
letter In print next Sunday, we remain, yours
truly, Lorktta Mortimer and
Emma Leslie.
Ban Francisco, Monday, Dec. 21, 180(5.
Dear Editor: This is my hrst letter to Tub
Call, for we just began to take it before the
holidays. I enjoy reading the Childhood's
Reaim very much, but would enjoy it more to
have my name appear in it. Your new friend,
Elsie Dewey.
Cornwall, Cal., Dec. 23, 1896.
Lear Editor: As I did not see my letter in
last Sunday's Call I thought I would write
again. I saw my name but not my letter. I
solved some of the puzzles and will send them
in. I will also send some puzzies in to be
solved. I wonder what Santa Claus will bring
me for Christinas. Hoping to see my letter in
Sunday's Call this time, I remnin,
Ethkl Wilds, C. R. C.
P. 9.— Dear Editor, if you see Santa C'lhtu
down where you live p'.ease tell him to come
up to my house. Etiikl.
PUZZLES
, I. Hidden truits.
(a) He appeared well to-day.
(b) The little chap pleased his sister.
(c) A suitable monument should be erected*.
(d) A vessel of queer shape achieved th»
honors of the day.
Selected.
11. Oh! oh! exclaimed Tommy,
My brain's in a ;
If I don't do these ,
Fa will make such a fuss.
Ohl here is something
To bother me more 1
This lesson in French,
I must o'er and o'er.
"I wish," Tommy said,
With a and a lrown,
"I could be away,
From this musty old town."
There is a different word in each stanza to
be transposed. May F. Merrill.
111. Anagram. Pay, hen, aye, warp. A
greeting. Maida CLrrr, C. R. C.
IV. Curtailing. (Drop final letter.) Curtail
a bana of cattle and have a personal pronoun.
Jessik Harkin, C. R. C.
V. Curtail a wild animal and have a minis
ter.
VI. Behead a laboring article and have a
fastening. Five and six. by
Era>L Wilds, C. R. C.
VII. PI. Tmtmhehennnaooi. Something
we »cc in the sky. Claire McCli ke,
6 years old, C. K. C.
WORD SQUARE&
VIII. 1. Wish.
2. Unsealed.
3. Hang.
4. Closet.
IX. 1-Halt.
2. BraiU.
3. To unclose.
4. small inclosures for animals.
Ida Wightman, C. R. C.
X. 1. A small particle.
2. Portion of a fork.
3. At one time.
4. To come together.
Ethel McCixre, C. R. C.
/\r\sWers for December 20.
I. Spine— pine.
11. Scorn— corn.
111. (a) Amy.
(6) Ethel.
IV. Ice+v=Vice.
V. Santa Claus.
VI. (a) Brake— baker.
(6) Stake— steak.
(c) Master— stream. '
(d) Nails— snail.
VIL A heavenly body— STAR
Gentle- TAME
An ancient prophet— A M O 8
To repose— REST
(A misprint occurred in last.)
VIII. Jack and
Jill, etc.
IX. A Merry Chris tmag.
Letters Acknowledged.
Pleasant communications have also been re
ceved from the boys and Kills whose names
follow: Claire McClure, Carrie Mill ?, Bennie
Mills Ethel Wilds, Beckie Heino, Clinton E.
HaTington, Addie F. Barley, May Carroll,
Irene A. Moore, Helen Siiyder and Marie Che*
worth, C. R. C.
jslames of Puzzle-SolVers.
Answers to puzzles of December 20 have been
received from the following members ol C. R.
C: Max Selig, Ethel McClure, Retha Waldan
end Alice Bell.
For December 13 from Jessie Harkin.
Answers from non-members for December
20: Fred Anther, May Carroll, Maida Cluff,
Mignon de Sannon, Ethel Wilds, L. Mortimer
and Emma Leslie.New Military Era—Catapult Bomb That Can Destroy a City Twenty Miles Away
Some one, whether a philosopher or not
has said that if but one-half of the en
ergy expended in the pursuit of the art of
war were taken from its present employ
ment and devoted to the development of
the arts of peace there would not remain
at the end of fifty years a single acre of
uncultivated land upon the face of the
obe. The statement may &eeni to be
rather extravagant, but a lull knowledge
>t what has been done and is now doing
to strengthen and maintain the immense
armaments, at tea and on land, of the
nations of the earth, would disclose abun
dant evidence in support of the claim.
It is impossible 111 1 ascertain exactly the
r.urab»r of men engaged in military and
naval service throughout the entire world.
No records are attainable of those so em
p.'oyed by barbarous and serai-civilized
nations and tribes, and but partial returns
are available relating to so-called civil
ized (?) nations. A list of twenty-seven
of the principal nations is here given,
from which it will be seen that the
strength of the armies and navies of these
nations fools up an aggregate cf about
25,000,000 men. Could we secure equally
accurate lists of the soldiery and sailory
of the reat of tbe world it is safe to say
that 25.000,000 more would be added to ihe
ranks of fighting men.
j\RMY.
Navy.
Oflireis— Men ' Horses. Gi:ns. Active: Keserve Slvps. | Guns.
Active ! Keserve I iShsps. | Guns.
— . 1
Germany. 4.643.43? 178,680 8.470 18.354 37.0< 0 304 1,099
Trance 2.906 077 195,141 1.368 79.400 87,600 471 \ b.230
Italy.-... 1,998. 95U 62.400 1.852! *2.91t$ 18.t 00 637 1,397
Au s ria- Hungary 1.476019 108.9t!0 2,724 1*.684 900 126 806
Bns^a 4.955;»;37 298.397 3.264 42.874 45,01.0 300 1,790
Great Britain . ...... &52.000 59 300 b96: (JH.HU3J 80.000 677 6.1U3
Turkey 921,440 9,000 612 13,597 36,010 118 6 - -6
fc-pain 458.643 1 27,368 25.000 1 33d 935
Portugal | 6,112 3.50J' 178
Be.cium 155,623 ......;... !
Netherlands. I 221,744 10,85 10,500 680
Denmark I l-.6.'So^ j 4,263 4,400 l ........ 468
Greece. j 209.422 : ; j
Swl z-rland 4^O.(JSJ !^ • I
Sweden and Norway- 146.1.8 9,546 11,380 3SO
Bulgaria... ... 231,090
Servia 270,180 :.
Koumania 257.. 02 I .:
Japan 328,090 1 3 84) 7.3C0 165 "-.6
China I.ItOOOU 2.bß'J 11 115
Mexico 168.149 I
Colombia. 30.114 760 10 16
Erazll 99.9 2 1.100: 39 '.96
Bolivia 3,860 .:
Chi c 85 65-' 1,340' 50 25.,
Argentine 63.435 j 530 19 ' ->3Z
Vnltetf States (rejular) ! 25,000 ....! ! .... 130 1.-5j
Above table prepared from data in poss« ssion of United -States bureau of Naval Intelligence
January 1. 18S6. i:gures of army strengths show "war looting." "Peace establishments" are about
60 per cent less. " • - .■ .
It must not be forgotten that every one
of these soldiers and snilors is able
bodied, selected alter a rigorous physical
examination, and, in fact, better qualified
to perform manual labor than is the aver
age citizen. What work could not an
army of 50,000,000 stalwart men perform
in one year, let alone fifty years? Every
one of this immense host is a consumer,
not a producer; a destroyer, not a builder.
To feed them and to lodge ana clothe
them; to amu-e them; to nurse them
while wounded or sict; to pension the
survivors and the dependents of the
killed; to furnish them with the play
things of war; to transport them across
oceans and continents; in other words, to
maintain this vast figbting force costs
one-fifth of the wealth of the civilized
world.
Outside of the armies and navies ana
not included in the huge to:at of 50,000,000
a:e very many thousands of people directly
engaged in ministering to the needs of
the "men-of-war." Not only is the labor
of the artisan drawn upon, the genius of
the inventor is also led to devise new
methods of fighting. Xo invention used
in the peaceful pursuits of daily life has
The Newly Discovered Ruins of a Prehistoric Civilization in Central America
Every year adds to the interest that
centers about the wonderful ruins of a pre
historic civilization in Mexico and Central
America. Without wishing to discount
the recent alleged discoveries of a buried
city whose area is said to be greater than
that or London, it is interesting, at least,
to consider other discoveries in other
years of ruins which were said to be even
larger than those made recently. In the
latter part of the thirties John L. Stevens
visited some of the more famous pre
historic ruins in Yucatan and ether parts
cf Mexico, Central America and Chiapas.
T.'iose in Yucatan known p.s the
ruins of Paienque are perhaps tLe
most interesting. "In regard to the extent
of these ruins." Mr. Stevens afterward
wrote, "even in this practical age the
imagination of man delights in exaggera
tion. Tbe Indians and the people of
Paienque say that these ruins cover an
area of sixty miles. In a series of well
written articles in our own country ti:ey
have been set down as ten times larger
than New York. Lately, I have seen an
article in some of the- newspapers, re
ferring to our expedition, which repre
sents the city dscovend by us as having
been three times as large as London. It
is not in my nature to discredit any mar
velous story. I am slow to disbelieve,
and would rather Bustain all such inven
tions, but it has been my unhappy lot to
ever paid so large a sum to its inventor or
owner as has the invention cf a single
appliance of warfare. The receipts of the
telegraph and telephone combined are
dwarfed into insignificance by the kingly
revenue reaped by the owners ot the
Whitehead torpedo. Colossal sums are
cheerfully paid by ambitious Governments
for some new improvements in gun or
liflc. Each warlike nation is constantly
expending immense amounts in construct
ing cannon an. l armor.
Millions are spent annually in testing
new guns and defenses. Nor is the full
desire ever leached. For a time an armor
plate exists that wit] withstand tho impact
of a hu>re projectile, but for a brief period
only, for soon there is produced a larger
and more powerful gun capable of pierc
ing the armor plate; and then the cosily
but now inefficient ar:uor is cast aside,
and at farther enormous expense new and
heavier armor is contracted for. Each
nation strives to bo ihe possessor of the
most powerful ordnance, the mighty
cannon capable of hurling the heaviest
projectile to the farthest possible distance.
England has a breech-loading rilled cannon
that weighs 111 tons. It has a bore of
seventeen inches in diameter. This can
non is forty-seven feet in length and uses
960 pounds of powder at a single charge.
The shot fired by it weighs 1800 pounds
and it travels at a ve'oci'.y of fifteen rni.es
a minute with a force capable of piercing
a plate of wrought iron three feet in thick
ness. The big projectile from this gun
may be made to fall at a distance of over
ten miles from the place of tiring.
Accuracy of striking at this distance is,
of course, uncertain. The cost of each
shot l'rom this gun is several thousand
dollars. The life of a big gun — that is the
number of shots that may bs fired from it
without endangering the structural chai
acter of tne metal composing the gun — is
very limited. It is extremely question
able if the bis English gun would stan d
more than thirty tiring?. The tremen
dous concussion due to the explosion of
such enormous charges produces marked
changes in the fibrous character of the
iron and steel forming the gun barrel; the
metal Decomes granulated mure and more
with each succeeding discharge, until a
condition is reached in which the gun
metal loses its cohesive quality, and tlien
the gun is unserviceable. Safety to those
;ngaged in firing enforces the abandon
ment of such cannon before the danger
imit is reached.
find marvels fade away as I approach
them."
Mr. Stevens then goes on to relate that
no one can hazard a safe estimation of the
extent of the Palenquean ruins, but that
so far as can be ascertained at the time
they cover an area only sufficiently ex
ten-ive to accommodate perhaps a hun
dred buildings more or less. Indeed, these
mysterious remnants of some former un
known eras in the history of man's evo
lution are marvelous enough in them
selves to be thoughtful, without need of
sensational exaggerations. Consider any
one of these ruins by itself. There is not
one of them bat what furnishes material
enouch to the imaginative to weave a
thousand fantastic theories about what
might have been, or was, in these prehis
toric American ages. Glancp fora moment
at the grand old castle in Paienque, with
its mystic memories of an indiscernible
past. It stands on an artificial elevation
of an ob!o;ig form forty feet high, 310 leet In
front and rear and 'IGQ leet on each
side. The elevation was formerly faced
with stone, -which has been thrown down
by the growth of trees, and now its form is
but dimly perceptible. The building stands
with its face to the east, and meadures 228
feet front by 108 feet deep. Its height is
about 25 feet, and all around it is a broad
projecting cornice of stone. The front
contains 14 doorways, each about 9 feet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
The most powerful stimulus is con
tinually applied to scientific deduction
and inventive genius to the end that
better and more destructive engines of
warfare may be devised. Under ordinary
condition", such as obtain in the tirins of
cannon, the use of dynamite and otlier
high explosives is impossible, either as a
charge for gun or projectile. Used as a
tiring charge for a cannon the gun would
be burst; and used as a charge for the
projectile the concussion of the discharge
of the gun would, by its extreme violence,
explode the shell-charge before it left the
gun. This is why compressed air is em
ployed to project the dynamite shell, as is
the case in the pneumatic guns placed at
the Presidio. The terrible destructive
effects of an exploding charge of dyna
mite, mellinite or gelatin make it ex
tremely desirable that these high explo
sives should be employed as the charge
for shells and other projectiles. The
great impetus lately given to the study of
aeronautics seems to have inspired a
modern war genius and led to the produc
tion of a most novel engine of warfare.
The new weapon is called the "catapult
bomb." It is along, slender, metal tube,
pointed at both ends. On either side is a
convex wing of thin metal, which may be
set at a desired angle, while at the rear end
ol the projectile is a fan-shaped tail. The
catapult bomb may be of any size, carry
ing from 100 to 1000 pounds of explosive.
It is not fired from a gun, but is started
upon its path of destrncion by a steam
engine revolving a drum on which is
wide, and the intervening piers are be
tween 6 and 7 feet in width. The building
was constructed of stone, with a mortar of
lime and sand, and the whole front was
covered with stucco, and then painted.
The piers were ornamented with spirited
figures in bas-relief. On the top are three
hieroglyphics sunk in the stucco. Could
those hieroglyphics be read what marvel
ous knowledge of dead ages might they
not reveal to the present? This wonder
ful old palace, and many other lesser
structure?, which comprise the known
ruins of Paienque, stand in a thickly
grown fore-it, in which are trees hundreds
of years old that have pushed aside in
their infant days stones that were already
ancient. Some writers and travelers who
have visited these ruins have declared
them to be antediluvian, but the consen
sus of archaeological opinion seems to be
that these ruins have no greater antiquity
than perhaps two or three centuries be
fore the Christian era.
One of the most remarkable of the re
cent discoveries was made about five years
ago by Mineralogist Niven. He it was who
first gave to civilization its knowledge of
the lost city of Onutlan In the little
traveied State of Guerrero, Mexico. This
city, like nearly all of those discovered in
the present century, was at first credited
with being larger than several Londons
and New Yorks combined. "It seems as
if It were another wonder of the world,"
wrote one of the early chroniclers of this
discovery, "for it is no less than the un
earthing of a prehistoric city in the State
of Guerrero that was so spacious as to
cover 900 square miles. It has no less than
twenty-two temples and two huge pyra
mids.
These structures were built of ma
terial that had apparently been selected
with the greatest of care, the stone being
hard and even and hewn of equal dimen
sions. The architectural skill shown in
Modern Art of Warfare — Firing; Bombs a Distance of Twenty Miles*
wound several thousand feet of wire.
When it is desired to fire the catapult
bomb it is placed in a specially con
structed cradle, which holds the bomb at
an angle from the horizontal, the cradle
being located about 1000 feet in the rear of
the windin apparatus. A wire is then
attached to a ring fixed on the lower part
of the bomb, the other end of the wire
being wound upon the engine drum. The
engine is then set in motion winding up
the wire, the effect being to cause the
bomb to mount in the air, precisely on the
same principle as a kite.
The velocity of flight is increased by the
act of ascension and just before the bomb
reaches its highest point, just before it is
vertical over the engine, the wire is cut,
and thenceforward the bomb follows a
trajectory determined by its velocity and
the inclination of its previously adjusted
wings. It is claimed that the bomb can i
be fired with much greater accuracy than j
can a cannon shot at lone distances, and
it is moreover capable of being projected |
to a distance of twenty miles with suf- 1
construction will compare favorably with
modern buildings.
One of the most beautiful of the ruins
discovered in Yucatan is the majestic pile
called after one of the princ'pal edifices at
Uxmai, the Monj is, or Num. It 13 re
markable for its fine state of preservation,
and for tho richness and beauty of its
ornamentation. The height of this fa
cade is twenty-five feet, und it-* width is
thirty-five fe?t. It has two cornices of
tasteful and elaborate design. Over the
doorwny are twenty small cartouches of
hieroglyphics in four rows, five in a row,
and to make room for which the lower
cornice is carried up for several inches.
Over these stand out in a line six bold
projecting curved ornaments, resembling
an elephant's trunk, and the upper center
space over the aoorway is an irregular
niche, in which portions of a human fig
ure, with a headdress of feathers, atill re
main.
Another prehistoric monument of rare
architectural beauty is called the Eglesia
ore urch of the Chichen Itza ruins. This
is 26 feet long, 14 feet deep and 31 feet in
height. It has three cornices, the spaces
between which are very richly orna
mented. The sculpture is somewhat rude,
but grand and effective. The principal
ornamont is over the doorway, and on
each side of it are two human figures in a
sitting posture. Both of these figures,
unfortunately, are much mutilated. As a
whole, howver, this building is in a good
state of preservation. The interior con-
Bisu of a single apartment, once covered
with plaster. Along the top of the wall
over the arch are seen the traces of a line
of medallions or cartouches in plaster,
which once contained hieroglyphics. The
Indians have a weird legend about this
build<ng, and they say that on Good Fri
day of* every year music is heard sounding
through these archaic walls.
The history of the nations that inhab
ficient accuracy to mate it the most terri
ble sie^e weapon known. With such a
weapon its users might laugh to Bcorn the
best known ordnance of the world; for the
great range of the bomb would allow of
its employment beyond the reach of our
present long-distance guns.
Another novelty in war appliances is
the 'Military Eye." This enables a com
mander in an otherwise unknown regfon
to ascertain the exact location of the
enemy's works and the disposition of his
force. It gives the topography of the
country as it actually is. The apparatus
The Catapult Bomb.
consists of a small balloon of a longitudi
nal shape, held captive to the ground by a
cord which is iormed of two small electric
wires. The balloon supports a small
photographic machine, which is main
tained pointing at a desired direction by a
powerful magnetic bar, the adjustment
of the lens of the camera with relation to
the magnetic meridian being made before
allowing the balloon io ascend.
By means of a current from a small bat
tery on the ground sent through the
ited these wonderful ruins is as misty,
confused and indi-tinct as is the history
of the builders or the round towers in Ire
land. The Toltecans, represented to have
been the most ancient, are said also to
have been the most polished and cultured
of these early American racas.
It cannot even be stated, however, with
any degree of certainty that these ruins of
Yucatan and otlier parts of Mexico and
Central America are the work of tbe Tol
ttjeans. Indeed these ruins rise like skele-
tons from the grave, wrapped in their
burial shroud. They claim no affinity
with the works of any known people.
They -eeni to belong to a distinct, inde
pendent and separate existence. They
stand alone, absolutely and entirely
anomalous — perhaps the most interesting
subject winch at this day presents itself to
ihe inquiring rnttid.
The Eccentricities of
Trade in London*
Everybody knows that millions of Eng
lish money are often affected by mere
rumor at home and abroad, but there are
many less obvious trifles that affect trade
in the most curious manner. Nothing is
more susceptible to trivial influences of all
kinds than English commerce. Many
branches of trade are dependent entirely
or. the fashions, a change in which fre
quently revives one industry at the cost
of another's depression. At a royal draw
ing-room recontly a feature of the dresses
was a perceptibie improvement in the sta
ple trade of the lace- making towns.
A similar effect is produced by the
adoption of new fashions by royalty. If
the Princess of Wales, for instance, ap
peared at the theater in a new opera
oloak there would immediately be a "ran"
on that particular kind of cloak. Trie re
was a marked illustration of this, on the
occasion of the Queen's wedding. Her
I wires, the photographic apparatus is made
to operate as frequently as desired until
the capacity of the film roll is exhausted.
As each exposure is made, tbe mechan
ism in the camera cuts oH the impressed
portion of film, wraps it in a light-proof
tube, and attaches the tube to a ring
which ia automatically detached from the
camera, and travels downward on the
wire to the operator on the ground. To
develop the film, fix it, and then by the
aid of a magnifying glass examine the
picture, is but short work. The balloon is
filled with hydrogen gas, and has a lifting
capacity in excess of the weight it carries.
Should the exigencies of the contl ct make
it hazardous to attempt tbe reeling in of
the wire, it is cut, when released of its
captivity the affair mounts and vanishes
in space.
Several devices of offensive warfare have
appeared from time to time which, while
undoubtedly capable of fulfilling their re
spective Junctions, are, nevertheless, so
infernal in character that civilized na
tions have as yet hesitated in employing
them. Prominnnt among these terrible
weapons is the "cyanide bomb." This is
a shell filled with a secret mixture which,
when it explodes, liberates vast volumes |
of deadly gases. The mixture is not af
fected by concussion, requiring a fuse to
' explode it. The fumes liberated are so
deadly that the inhalation of a single
breath is fatal to animal life. It is stated
I that a six-inch shell loaded with the mix
ture would if exploded within the hull of
I the largest battle-ship totally annihilate
Majesty wore a veil and gown made of
Honiton lace, which was said to have cost
a thousand pounds. Honiton lace quickly
became fashionable, and the manufactur
ers reaped a rich harvest in the few
months following the wedding.
An inquest was held in London a week
or two ai;o which indirectly caused serious
injury to a certain class of trade. Tho
subject of the inquest had died after eat
ing a rabbit-pie, and some alarming medi
cal statements were made as to the con
sumption of rabbits, which, it was stated,
were often unwholesome. The rabbit in
question was full of micro-organisms, and
death was stated to be directly due to this
cause. The case appeared prominently in
ail the newspapers, with the inevitable re
sult that timid people who relish rabbits
were startled, and the gamo-.lealers suf
fered accordingly. Last year the oyster
trade was seriously dislocated through an
unfortunate death under similar circum
stances.
One of the most curious revivals of trade
on record was the revival of the Pans hat
trade, which advanced last season by lit
eral leaps and bounds. The tradesmen
attributed the exceptional prosperity en
tirely to the fact that "bowing" became
almost a mania among the Parisian dan
dies. It is difficult, indeed, to say what
does not affect trade in one way or an
other.
When something unusual happens, such
as a big expenditure on a wedding or an
enormous outlay on a royal reception, one
hears the remark "It's all good for trade."
and even those who regard such expendi
tures as waste acknowledge the bent-fits
conferred on industry in this way. The
theory that even crime is "good for trade'
cannot be supported by a table of statistics,
but there must surely be something in it,
seeinjr that property is stolen every year
in England to the value of «everaLmillions
and that the "hauls" of London thieves
alone amount to £100,000 per annum. —
Pittsburg Dispatch.
Positive and Negative.
"My aunt was always saying to me:
every living beinc on board. The deadly
gas is a heavy gas, it« specific gravity be
ing greater than that of air, and conse
quently the fumes if liberated in a fortress
or other confined spot would not be easily
expelled. It is not known that any na
tion contemplates the use of the cyanide
bomb, though just what weapons a nation
Will or will not use is never known until
the presence of actual warfare solves the
question.
The old army musket is a relic of '.he
past. In its piace are n number of rifles
carryipg each a morecioadlv missile. Tne
latest adopted one is m<w being supplied
to our army and navy. It carries a small
caliber bullet, the force of which is re
ported to be "terrific." The velocities
obtained by th« newarmvand navy pieces
are so high that v.*hen a buliet hiis a man
it m;ikes a clean, round hole. Bones are
pierced as though ;hey were iliiiled with a
gimlet General .Flakier, U. S. A., chief of
ordnance, is reported by the New York
Sun as considering a proposition to adopt
a "mushroom" or sprea tine bullet, which
would, when it struck, spread out so as to
make a more dangerous wound than is
made by the present used small-caliber
bullet. Recent experiments have been
conducted at the Frankfort arsenal with
these "mushroom" bullets. Some years
ago an explosive bullet was proposed for
use by armies, but the consensus of opin
ion of the nations was that t!ie employ
ment of such a missile could not be enter
tained by a "civilized" power. Just where
the distinction steps in as between an ex
plosive ball which kills what it hits and a
mushroom bullet which in flics excruciat
ing agony by a wound so terrible as to
p.eclude cure is a very fine pomt — so fine
that the average mind is incapable of
recognizing tho humanitarian side of the
"mushroom."
Ihe cost of maintaining the vast armies
of the world is a figure n enormous that
were the money so used during a single
year to be applied to relieving the neces
sities of suffering humanity want would
be at once banished from the earth. It
I would pay off every farm mortgage in the
entire world. \\ ere the armies that main
tain by the prestige of the bayonet tba
j crowned murderers upon their thrones to
j be disbanded and their stalwart muscles
engaged in the peaceful occupations of the
j farmer and the artisan, the deserts of tho
I world would be made into fertile fields
I and orchards, through which would tra
verse railroads and canals bearing the
fruits and grains in cheap abundance to
every mouth. Want,' hunger and misery
would be only ghosts of the past. True,
there might be a few less Kings or knaves,
but then there are plenty of good, en joy
able games that may be played without
the assistance of a king or a knave.
That England spends $80,000,000 a ye ar
in building new warships and in main
taining her immense navy, France $43,
000.000, Russia $33,000,000. Italy $20,CO0,00O
and other nations in like proportion for
similar purposes, forms a melancholy pic
ture to the humanitarian, who sees the
shadows of misery and suffering standing
dark and menacing long after the glory
of the "pomp and circumstances of war"
have paled and faded.
F. M. Close, D.Be.
The two most expensive perfumes are
the essential oil of rose petals, called attar
of roses, and the oil of jasmine. The
former when quite pure costs very nearly
£10 per ounce, and the latter £9.
'Don't talk so loud; your voice gets shriller
every day !' " said a pleasant-voiced rriend.
"I became so nervous and irritated under
this chronic rebuke that my voice wa3
more uneven and harsh than ever, and I
hardly dared speak at home. At last 1
visited my cousins in L (they are noted
for their sweet voices, you know) and then
suddenly 1 noticed the wide difference,
which I Lad never understood before, be
twean a rough voice and a well-modulatf d
one, and set myself, so to speak, to catch
the trick of their intonations and their
tones. In a month's time, really, I talked
like a different girl. And when I came
home my aunt said: 'Well, I am glad to
see that at last my reproofs have made an
impression upon you, Clara!' But they
hadn't you know — the only impression
she made was to make me unhappy and
nervous. I have never forgotten the les
son ; and when I want my children to im
prove in any way I give them an opportu
nity to bear and see the right thing before
I reprove them for not following it." — Har
per's Bazar.
Jhe pharxtom of the Rose.
Sweet lady, let your lids unclose—
Those lids by maiden dreams caressed;
I am tbe phantom of the rose
You wore last n:ght upon your breast.
Like pears upon my petals lay
The weeping fountain's silver tears.
Ere in the glittering array
You bore me proudly mid your peers.
O lady, 'twas for you I died—
Yet have I come aud will I stay;
And my rose phantom by your side
Will linger till the break of day.
Yet fear not, lady; naught claim I—
Nor mass nor hymn nor funeral prayer?
My soul ia but a perfumed sigh,
Which pure from Paradise I bear.
My death is as my life was — sweet;
Who w on id not die as 1 have dune?
A fate like mine who would not meet,
Your bosom fair to He ui<on?
A poet on my sentient tomb
Engraved this legend with a kiss;
"Here lies a rose of fairest bloom:
X'en Kings sir jeulou of its bliss."
Thkophilk (iautieb.
Luggage trains arv uuallyoO percent
heavier than pass nger trains.
2526
THE STAGE
I went late into the Columbia Theater
the o her evening, which is an nnpar.ion
able thing to do. B-'ing conscious of my
ill-loins, I paused in the foyer to wait
till the curtain went dowi, when a famihar
voice struck my ear with aatonis ment.
It was Maxine Elliott's diction ; tiiere \va3
no mistaking it. I jeered through the
curtains, wondering how the fair divorcee
had been spirited there. But no! Blanche
Bates occupied the center of the stage,
Blanche Bates in the corporeal presence,
which philosophers say is a mere bubble,
ami in this case it was more true than
usual, for her underlying personality
seemed to be that of Mesine Elliott.
Miss Bates' mannerisms and gestures,
which used to be quick and nervou?, had
taken on the ruore plßcid and rum'iiant —
if one may say it of a lady— mannerisms of
Maxime Ellio.t ; her voice hed caujrht the
inflections of Maxine Elliott's voice and
her smootn, rather affected way of reeling
off her sentences, with a little gasp here
and there, as if to suggest an emotion
which she was not quite capable of ex
pressing. Strangest of all, in the interpre
tation of her part, Miss Bates' mind
seemed to be running in the Elliott chan
nels.
Blanche Bates may be an ardent wor-
Fhijier at Maxine Elliott's shrine, and in
her artless admiration have unconsciously
mimicked the (ricks of her voice and man
ner. If she has done it with malice afore
thouzht she certainly deserves to be con
gratulated on her remarkable success, but
having established her ability to do this
sort of thing, she should give it up as
quickly as possible. Maxine Elliott her
self bears unmistakable traces of having
tried to copy Ada Rohan — mO3t of the
Daly graduates are afflicted with the
Kehan gasp — ana Miss Bates may be aim
ing at tnirher game than the fair Maxine
when she plays aia Elliott. She is bright
and clever enough, though, to work out
her own salvation and throw models to
the winds.
"The Railroad of Love" in which
Blanche Bates and the other Frawleys were
playing, is one of those idyllic comedies
in which the characters live and move
and have their being only to make love,
or be made love to. There are a coup eof
fathers, and a few relations thrown in. but
the fathers have but a sinj.'l« thought —
that of seeing ilieir cbililr n wed. They
lie awake at night pondering on suitable
mates for tueir offspring, and the sole topic
of Conversation during their waking hours
is ot wedding boils and marriage sett.e
ments. Comedies from the German are
apt to be that v:ay, particularly comedies
where the Augustin Daly has had a
linger in the pie. "Th • Railroad of Love"
is as beautifully, wholly and absorbingly
given up to Cupid and bis wiles as
"Countess Gacki" is, and every one re
members tnat "Gucki" begins, continues
and enas in sffairs of the heart.
It is just like devouring a feast of straw
berries and whipped cream, to "assist. "as
the French say, at one of these comedies.
Life is depicted aa we ureamed of it at
] sweet sixlcen, but viewed in the light of
i more mature judgment, I, for one, cannot
i dispel a dire foreboding as to the future of
i ihe characters, when thoy are all married
arv.l done for. Wnat will they talk about?
What will the fathers have to occupy
| tbeir minds, when the love affairs of their
, children no longer burden them? How
i will the children while away the weary
! hours without tie assistance oi Cupid?
! In "The Railroad of Love," Cousin "Val"
' will no doubt have her hands full looking
i after that butterfly lieutenant of hers. He
! is just the sort of man who would be "to
i one thing constant never."
"The Railroad of Love" just suits the
Frawlpy company. They make love and
are loved brightly, charmingly and con
j vincingly. There is a perennial youthful
ness about them — a sort of
Men rany come and men may go,
But we make love forever,
Which charms afresh every time they do
it. You could not imagine them loving
!in the mad. misguided way in which
j Romeo and .TuJiat loved, and suffered and
; died. The Frawley lovprs are wail bred,
j polite and decorous, just as tender and
j impassioned aa ths rules of etiquette will
! permit tin m to be, but quite incapable
|of growing vulgarly despairing or ye
! hement. The Fraw'eys have had such
j long practice in polite comedies of "The
| Railroad of Love" sort that I believe they
: could compile a valuable volume for tn
i etiquette series on "How to Make Love
j With Proiriety."
To judge from the Tivoli programme,
| one would say that the theater employed
a modest and retiring Mahatma to write
its music. No composer's name is given
on the programme except
Lorraine's for that graceful music of the
baliet suite. Yes! it mint be a Ma
hatma who composed the rest of "Jack
and the Beanstalk," and he writes charm
ing music— bright, catchy and tuneful,
and yet *iot popular enough to be vulgar
or trivial. It does not matter to the pub
lic how he gets bis inspirations, but my
own opinion i 3 that he keeps up occult re
lations with such masters of operetta as
Offenbach, Franz yon Suppe, Audran,
Jotiarm Straus;-, etc. Some of these mas
ters are living and come have joined the
i. reat majority, but that does not make
any difference; the Tivoli's Mahalrua gets
out on the astral plane, meets them all,
discusses the newest things in comic
opera, and comes home laden with bright
and up-tc-date inspirations for the Tivoli's
| next extravaganza.
I have not heard Uie latest effusions of
Strauss, Audran, etc., but judging from
their earlier operettas they are not doing
much bettor work than the Tivoii'3
Mxhatma. It was natural that Delia Fox's
operas should fail a little flat compared
with "B.ibes in the Wood," the music of
"Little Trooper" for instance almost dc
scived the fate, and if you compare the
music of "Jack and the Beanstalk" with
the music in "The Brownies" — well ! as
Mra. Mslftpxop classically observes, "Ca
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
parisons are odorous." The long and the
suortof the matter is that the Mahatma
at the Tivoli lia-* spoilt us by pampering
us on suoh bright, sparkling music, that
we have grown too exacting in our comic
opera tastes.
It is years since I saw a ballet
d'action, but an irrepressible longing
to Dehold one seized me alter spend
ing the other evening at the Or
pbeutn, and finding that more by good
luck than by good mana™<-in»nt Ctustnv
Walter nas all the materials to hand for
giving, not the "Excelsior" of "La Mula
aetia," but one of the many pretty baiiets
d'action that tell their stories by panto
mime, without spectacular effects. If
Adrien Kiralfy is not unworthy of his
Drothers he knows a thing or two about
putting on such productions, and the ac
complished Phoires are equal to all the
requirements of the- pantomime business.
.As for the Orpheum coryphees, they are
Retting very nicely broken into dancing,
and if only a few tucks conld be taken out
of the Orpheum s!a.:e to lensthen it Gus
tav Walter might fairly dazzle the San
Francisco public with a ballet-pantomime
such as no manager would risk the cost of
bringing across the continent. It is by a
mere chance that all the materials are
here, and I fear they will not be utilized,
but as they say in "Patience": "Such an
opportunity may not occur again."
Marie Evelyn.
Qreen-Room Qossip.
Among the many would-be artists who
tormen:ed Gustave Walter tor engage
ments on the Orpheum Circuit while he
was in New Yortc was a typical "leg it" of
the kind more often pictured in the comic
papers than seen in real life. He followed
the vaudeville manager about, and one day
cornered him in a restaurant where theat
rical people are wont to congregate. He
stated hia business, and Walter replied:
'Lets me see vat you can do; if you makes
me laagb I gives you an encageruent."
Forthwith the actor mounted a round
table and started to give "bits" from
"Romeo and Juliet.'' In his enthusiasm
he overstepped the center point of the
table and came tumbling down, table and
all. Mr. Walter laughed, but the actor is
stll waiting to be booked on the Orpheum.
Circuit.
They were young, they wore new clothes
and had other characteristics that bespoke
the wedding tour. They entered the lobby
of tha Murray Hill Theater on Monday
night. Without unlinking arms the
happy pair walked up to the box-office.
Ho asked: "Ii Mr. Myles playing in the
'Maccaroon?"
The treasurer was abont to reply when
tiio blushing bride exclaimed:
"Why. Edward, you mean Andrew
My;es in 'Macxerel.' "
•'No, Kitty," he corrected, ••you area
little mixed. It's — it's— it's — "
"It's Andrew Mack in 'Myles Aroon,'"
ventured the treasurer as ha laid down
two cardboards and said, "Two dollars,
please."
Baldwin Theater.
"Palmer Cox's Brownies" has but eight
nights and. tnrec matinees more at the
Baldwin Theater. Many amusing local
isms have been interpolated during the
past week, and for the remaining perform
ances will be materially added to. "The
Bro wines" will close each evening, as
usual with the aerial ballet, which has be
come one of the most applauded of the
many interesting features of the perform
ance. Little Gertie Carlisle, at the request
of many of her admirers, will render at
every performance commencing with this
pvenir.g's, her popular number, "Ben
Boit."
O'i Monday, January 4, Denman Thomp
son's favorite play, "The Old Homestead,"
comes to the Baldwin. The company will
biin« tiie original old Homestead Double
Quartet and a choir of twenty selected
voices.
Qrarxd Opera-j-louse
A war drama, "Acrois the Potomac,"
replaces "She" a: Momsco's Grand Opera
house on Monday night. It is the work
of Augustus Pitou and Colonel Edward
Aifnend. Colonel Alfriend is a Union
K>ldi«t <vho pays due homage to the cour
age and sincerity of the Southern soldier*.
In fact, while the hero is a M-*ssachii!-etts
man, liis sweetheart is from Virginia and
her noble young brother is in the Con
federate army. There are to be some
elaborate scenic effects, especially in the
preat batjl; scene, in which an entire
company of the First Regiment, N. G. C,
will participate. Beautiml Cora Macey,
wno played She during the past week, is
cast lor the female spy and wears uieu'a
clothes.
TiVoli Opera-House.
The holiday production of "Jack and the
Beanstalk" at the Tivoli Opera-house has
met with great success and wili be contin
ued until further notice. The three grand
ballets and tha artistic grouping of the
coryphees under the direction of Mons.
Kemonde have made qua- a hit, and so
have the fancy steps of the male dancer,
Henella. The specialties, the cow and all
the other features o' "Jack and the Bean-
Malk," are good, and Ferris Hart man, W.
H. West, John J. Raffael, Rhys Thomas,
Maurice Darcy, Fre»i Kavanagh. W. H.
Took?r, Master Jack Robertson. Jo^ie In
tropidi, Elvia Croi Seabrooke, Amie Suits,
Anna Schnabel appear to advantage in
me leading roles.
A second edition is now in preparation,
in which many new songs, dances and
jokes will be introduced.
Columbia Jheater.
This is the farewell week of the Frawley
company, and it will be celebrated by a
triple bill. On Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday, that comicaf comedy by
Martha Morton, "His Wife's Father," will
be performed. It has been in the Frawley
repertoire only a few months, bat during
that time it has proved a drawing card.
On Thursday and Friday nights and at the
Friday matinee, "The Great Unknown"
will form the bill. This is an Auguatin
Daly comedy which was successful daring
the last Frawley season. "Men and
Women/ one of tiie ocst of tbe De Mille
and Belasco .plays, wH form the bill at
the Saturday matinee and on Bnturday
night, and it will serve rs the farewell
perform* n-je on Sunday evening.
The Frawley company will not return to
the Columbia till next summer. .Shortly
they will start on a tour of the East.
On Wednesday night, the 30th inst, the
Pacific Cinst Commercial Travelers' As
sociniion wiii take a benefit at the Colum
bia Theater.
At the Orpheum.
i i
With new evolutions for the ballets and
some changes in the vaudeville end of the
programme, the bill at the Orpneum for
this week promises to be even stronger
than last. Kiralfy has been putting his
coryphees through new marches, etc.. and
the aerial ballet has some new light effects,
while the human butterflies have learned
new curves of ihght.
Zazelle and Vernon, the funny acrobats
of List week, are on the bill and Cash man
and Holcomb have new songs. Cler
inont's trained animals ara in the last
week of their engagement. The Phoites
and their clever pantomime play an im
portant part in the holiday bill. T:.e
Dunbar sisters remain.
Abachi ana Ma-ana, two new-comers,
are said to be about the best acrobats and
tumbles that Guslar Walter has yet dis
covered.
Alcazar Theater.
"The Cricket on tbe Hearth" will be
withdrawn from the Alcazar after to-day,
and to-morrow evening "Niobe," a three
act comedy by Harry and Edward Poul
ton, adapters of "Ermiuie," will be pre
sented.
The story was in some points sug
gested by Anstey's extravagant and amus
ing tale, "The Tinted Vanus." NioDe,
a fTO.OOO statue, 2000 years oid, is sud
denly brought to life at an evening recep
tion given by a wealthy New York insur
ance man, the electric wires usel in illu
minating her with incande cent lisrhts
effecting the marvelous reincarnation.
Her garments, which are decidedly an
tique in character, are replaced by a more
modern costume, and sne is made one of
the euests of the evening. Her manners
and customs are those oi ancient Greece,
and the complications arising from her
being thrown En witii nineteenth century
people provide the amusement.
The cast wilt include Beatrice Lieb as
Niobe and the other par. s will be played
by George O'bourne, Hugo Toland, Fran
cis Powers, Fi.i'ik Clayton, May Buckley,
Maude Hine, Frances Newton and Miss
Bouvier. Miss Rosella La Faille will
make her reappearance as Caroline Dunn.
/U the GKutes.
R. M. Brown, a one-legged cyclist who
is going around the world on his wheel,
has been engaged by the Haight-street
management and will coast down the
chutes and will land in the lake on his
bicycle this afternoon and evening.
Km il Markeberg wili make a balloon
ascension aud parachute drop at 4 o'clock,
and Juies Korto, the wonderful equilibrist,
will walk down the chutes on a globe aft
ernoon and evening.
The Animatoscope shows a number of
new scenes and it is rapidly becoming one
of the features of the grounds.
The San Francisco and Oakland school
children are availing themselves of the
management's vacation invitation and
pleasant days see the place'packed.
Loie Fuller's Return.
La Loie Fuller will produce a panto
mime entitled a "Paris Tragedy," as a
feature of her engagement of four nights
at the California Theater, commencing
Thursday evening. Tho dancer has re
turned this way en route to Mexico, where
she is to fill an engagement booked some
months ago and which she is under
contract to fill prior to Her departure to
Cuina. La Loie intends to make the pan
tomime the bill for her re-entree to the
Parisian stage next year. It calls for no
sciall amount of pantomimic talent and
Miss Fuller ha? secured the service of one
of the cleverest artists in this line to as-
list her in this act. Besides the panto
mime Miss Fuller will bring out new
dances, including the "Chinese Lady,"
'The Shadow Dance." etc. There will be
two matinees, one on Fr:day (New Year's
day) and another on Saturday.
"Messiah" for Gharihj.
A very successful performance of "The
Messiah was given in the First M. E.
Church, San Jose, last Monday and Tues
day, for the benefit of the Associated
Charities. A large audience was present,
and the various numbers of Handel's
masterpiece were received with unstinted
applause. A large and efficient chorus of
San Jose singers, conducted by James
Hamilton Howe, rendered the choruses,
and the solo artists were: Mme. Yda de
Seminario, soprano; Mi-s Carrie Foster
McCiellan, contralto; Mr. Frank Coffin,
tenor; Mr. S. Homer Henley, basso; Pro
fessor F. Loui King, organist; Miss Ada
Churchili, pianist.
Gircus Royal.
At the horse show at the Circus Royal
kicking, rearing and bucking horses con
tinue to be trained in a manner which
shows the power of man over the hors?,
particularly of Professor Gieason, the
King of Horse-tamers.
Where They Laugh.
There is generally some joke or point in
a play whim the audience applauds more
uproariously than all the other witticisms.
It is not always the author's most cher
ished joke, and it is very seldom the best
bit oi dialogue in the play, but night after
night the audience insists on hailing it
with delight, for some mysterious reason
which even the aclors themselves cannot
explain.
The following are the points where the
biggest laugh comes in at some of the hol
iday preparations:
A"t the Baldwin— "The Brownies."
The leader of the German band, com
menting upon the eating oi roosters, says:
"I never eat roosters! I fool him! I
eat him when he is a egg."
At the Tivoli— "Jack and the "Bean
ttalk."
The jealous queen finds the King at
Mrs. Simpson's dairy, and, knowing him
to b • a great flirt, the following conversa
tion ensues:
Qu?en In tropodl— Where is the milk
maid you came to see?
King llartuian (very absent-mindedly)
— The milk is maue down at the pump,
my dear.
Dramatic Brevities.
Walter Saniord is In London, using hli old
plays.
William Gillette is to supply Henry S. Dixie
with a new play.
Louis James has just finished a disastrous
tour in the Sonth.
There will be special New Year's day mati
nees at tbe theaters.
The ballet of "Cleopatra" will shortly be
presented at the Tivoli.
"My Friend from India" it to be produced in
London on January lti.
"Jack and the Beanstalk" was written and
arranged by George £■ Lask.
The Lyceum Company, with its entire new
repertoire, will be one of the bummer attrac
tions at the Baldwin.
The receipts of the Coghlan benefit will be
held in trust by Charles Frohman, Abe Hum
mel and William Perzel.
Nat Goodwin will play a New York engage
ment after all. He will use hU new play,
"An American Citizen."
Modj:ska's coming tonr under the manage
ment of Al Hayman & Co. will extenu over a
period of but four weeks.
i Joseph Hawor th will leave the cast of "Sue"
and come direct West to join Mod jeska. He to
to pay lead with the star.
Annie Suits will shortly sing Lottie Collins'
latest success, "I Went to Paris With Papa,"
in "Jack aud the Beanstalk."
J. K. Em mett secured a divorce from Emily
Lytton last week. Mr. Etnmett will continue
his season to the continuous house.
Lillian Nordica is said to have discovered a
wonderful tenor in Chicago, whom she thinks,
wi:h some schooling, will become famous.
W. H. Crane will come here late in the sea
son and proauce his entire repertoire, includ
ing his latest success, "A Fool for Fortune."
When Margaret Mather goes to Wallack's
Theater Fhe promises a production of '•Cym
beline" which, she declares, will compare with
Henry Irving's in Londan.
Tho Chicago press is very enthusiastic con
cerning "The Prodigal Father." which is now
on its way to the coast and will be seen at the
Co.umbia Theater in January.
Mrs. Langtry has a rival in the way of a rac
ing actress. Mile. Marsy of the Comedie Fran
chise, whose name figured so prominently in
me Max Lebaudy cast-, was one of the chief
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
.- ■ . ■ . ■ ■ ■ •
SOMEIIII\G 3 W ODER THE SHUT
. <11JEO OF DAACE
I. A 1.01 1-:
DEC. 31. "3fEW Oj%:\CTES'»
OIVIiY FOUR NIGHTS. "UiEW DANCES"
V L.OIE. •*I¥EW'l>AiyCES»f
a TSWLW ke:*satio:y V
••THE CHINESE LADY." "NEW DANCES" A
LALOIE I> A SEW ROLE
♦* A PARIS TRAGEDY"
(Pantomime from the .French)
LA LOIE'S POSITIVE GOOD.BY
Management William A. Bradv
Direction George M. Welty and Alt. EUinghouse
CALIFORNIA THEATER, TIIURS. EVG., DEC.3I
MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY
ATI NEE SATURDAY, JANUARY 9
Popular Prices— Entire Dress Circle. 81 ; Entire Balcony. 50c and 75c.
Seats Ready Tuesday Morning at the Itox-Oflice.
BflLffilftlfegT^ I LAST PERFORM ISCES!
wNrrnStn&k ' I LAST PERFORM IMES !
THIS (SUNDAY) NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT NEXT WEEK.
Farewell Performance Sunday Night, January 3.
Matinees Wednesday, New Year's and Sa urday.
O. B. JEFFERSON, KLjA.-W AND ANQBR'S
THE GREAT BIG SUCCESS,
p ct?r BROWNIES!
THE FLYING BALLET !
This Much Discussed Feature Positively Presented in Every Performance.
TELE rPTTPO"!*""*" GrJEt^USOiA,!* I3^.lXrX>
THB OKIKNT.M. DANCING GIKI.B ! WANDERING MINSTKELS !
DISAPPEARING DEMONS AND OTHER GREAT NOVELTIES ! .
/~1 XT' DTI"!? r* \DI TCT li 1 SAN FRANCISCO'S FAVORITE, IN HER WOSDEB-
(jrHirvl liii \j AilJjlo-LJcj, plx rendition of --ben bolt r
Secure Seats ' Now.
Mnnd«V,J".4, D"rilT>a ' T^'-m-*- •*» F""^" p " "ThcQ'ri M^mr.c^ooH"
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FKiEDLANDhIt. GOTTLOB & C 0....... ..:.... .....Lessees and Managers. '
-- LAST PERFORMANCE OF— —
Jkw*. "THE RAILROAD OP LOVE!"
UQK >^ THEN COMTiS THE FAREWk.LL, WKKKI - ,'
immt \ TUKN COM>:S THE FAREWr I.i. \V i- XX'
GOOD-BY CXTIL NEXT SUMMER! fj
JBSgK As COMMENCINQ MOND <±^r. DEO. as. j
mtm/Bem \ ') \1 AT T N TTTh 1^ Friilay (Sew Year's) January 1.
MTxBBBw V -' MAlliMl<riO. Siturd.»y January S.
T>M THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
jf|B^Q A Great Triple Bill By Unanimous Request.
A^SH Monday Nitht I TT» W7"»f > T~» ,1
JHHHB - . ju sfi.iy M S iH His Wile S J H 3.tn2f
AH Wednesday Night I ■*■•«& W lie O X U.IIICI .
Tll^^fflß Wn Thur.-dar Night I «-r-rf /"» .TT f
mm Am Inday N a h? c . c ::::::.::::::::! Ihe Great Unknown.
mm bB Saturday Matinee If n « XVT
■A JHBI Satuiday Night lVl^n and Wompn
i»L #Hfl Sunday (Farewell) Night.... IVICII ctllU W UlllCli.
•*— ■■■mbJ^b. Jmmm January 4 >' i: JOSEPH am up nx.
nnr^r% noAAJ O THIS afternoon AND TO-NIGHT.
MOROSGO S ** P^onnance^ ...
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE SHE I"
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager. WITH lIS SPLENDID SCENERY.
Commonoin6 M0nday . . . . . . .... • Seoomiaer 28th
A Revival of the Stlrrinar Drama of the Lat Rebellion,
ACROSS THE POTOMAC !
Acknowledged the B«st Wsr Pay Ever Written.
MAONIFICENT SCENERY A STRENGTHENED CAST I INTRICATE MECHANISM!
go— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE 100
SPECIAL NEW YEAR'S DAY MATINEE ON FRIDAY
Evening Prices-lOc. 85c and 50c. .—M VTIXEES S TIKD AM) SUNDAY
rik n TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSa
/ *■ m/ . - lliuEßXisiiXE Krkt.iv). Proprietor Jt^laa*i*e
11 (•jl M I^l l\ . THE HOME TRIUMPH!
V*\AA^VA/ U\AJ \J \ OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE !
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING J CC~ _ .
LAST PERFORMANCES :OF ik T A f* |< "
"TDEIRICRErOJ THE HEARTH rt J /\ V f\.
AND THK
MONDAY EVG, DECEMBER 38, w-^ »— . m. »*-».•"■-• m. » w m •■■
AND SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY, RFANSTAI IV I
• The Paulton Bro.hirs' Kulously Funny ' .I™? V.'». 1 ™?V.'» i\ 1— « I X. ■
( 'lhree-Act Comedy, • 3 GRAND BALLETS 1-3
TVT TT : "'TF? ITS * SUPERB TRANSFORMATIONS'-*
-.=- •*-^ 1 -■■ .V-r ...JBi *— " •;■-■ SPLENDID CA-«T!
WITH GEORGE OSBOURNE, HUGO TOLAND, ENTRANCING srECIALTIKS J /
Ana Our Great Company in the Cast.", A Treat for Young and Old— AVWell-
ONii BIG LAUGH FROM BEGINNING billed Clirist must i<le Pudding of .
'I A TO END. SONG, DANCE AND HUMOR.
;■ Order seats b>- telephone. Black 991. . . ':_;../..• -.-. _
Wight— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c :. Matinee— lsc, 25c, 35& PODUIa- Prices..:....-.:. 25c ?n1 503.
Mg!\ Y^l TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
v (By kind permission of MRS. ERNESTINE
W^S»^sWli^X^| KRELING.)
O'Farrell Street. ] e : wwi Stockton anj Po^alL THIS AFTERNOON, AT 3 O'CLOCK,
lKS^^???c;'^ d n7 JSJSS, ?J: ; FIFTH ANKUAL BENEFIT OF THE >
.; Children. 10c, any. part. _ x • , m 1 •«■ • >• .
An Unrivaled Christmas Vaudeville Feast I IlGSirifi&l niMifST AX^ftPlfUlAll "
The Original ad Hie only. Ml,*s KURO- * u vOI)I1VO1 iUlv.lia.lll> iidSUliailUll •
• PEAN .A ■ RIAL BALLET an 1 KIRALFY'S ■ ; V .?..—-—
X, KKSiPLKNDI NT BALLKT PAGEANT. -.„-, miici.-i cn-/<t it ticci
The Grandest -pecttt' 1p ! v^r Pro I uccdlnthU City. ' AKCt I ; MUSIC I SPeCIALTIES I
OALLE^^^^'c^Dl^Sf WTheaterinthe CUy WiM * represented,
■ ■--..;, And CUSHMAN and HOLCOMB.
~ T ~~ ■•■ •■ ■•■•- - -■..-.,■- .■ ;..... " ......-■ The Biggest Bill Ever Given I
THE CHUTES. —
':•-- v. . . ". .-■.•■■ ADMISSION (tncliKlins Reserved Seat) 50
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING. CfcNTS.
SFESOIALiI '. .;• : ; v- . - ■.' '' "'' ' : .'". '": ' ' '"/ " " ,' ' ■
fit. M. BROWN, OIITnA nATT TO
The One-Legged Cyclist! will Coast the O U I K\J DA 1 Mb.
Chutes and land in the lake on his wheel v^ * ** >/ 1— »X~». A * * v^*
" . Afternoon- Balloon Ascension by a« mm m ■■■ "'w\w%rmmm** ■
EMEL MAKKEBEKG. ; $] 00 0 JN PRIZES!
walking down^h^e. on. Glob* Grand In terna tional : Tug-of-Wap!
- ..-.: ; and Potato Race.^":; > "m KaV^ CMMHAV
EvenlQ - Anima oscope, Korto an d TO-DAY, ; SUNDAY. '
v " '■•■'■.■. Bicycle Khcos. ', - ; ' ;'" ' "-' December' a 7,' 1896.* r ' -
ADMisßioNvio ct-'. i ; children, 5 era See Programme. ' . '
~ ~- •• • - „. .  -.: ~T~ --:-.- - '■ — :: — ~ — . . .". -'■"'. America vs. lr«lan.l.
' riDPIIC davai — .' "Canada vs. Denmark.
_ "'. . K ~'"^ U& « O V A Li. , Sweden v*. Aor w;i y.
People's Palace Bui ding, v Eddy and Mason sta. Germany vs. Portugal.
'•'■ : " ■ TO-NIGHT"^— -*blxionx.'- ;^ ■-■■ : "" :-~: -~ ;4"v- i: ****>¥**> Mavonia. : ■
BIG SUCC^S^B?C?^JCCESS Gm * r " X Ml "' a 5 Cent " .
*" ? RLFA^fIN' TUE CENTRAL PARK.
GREAT ULC HOUR . GREAT nn . v -I— n „
King of Hone- tamers. ): ;..---. ■■• TO-DAY A' . V'».'--..?.'UM. . ■ '
POPULAR f PRICES. POPULAR PRICES. BASBBALiIj:
lOc, «oc, 30c, sOc. 8. r. ATHLETICS VS. SANTA CLARA ,
bidders at the sale of Camille Bianc's stud the
other day.
There is already being manifested a decided
interest in the series oi Lillian Xordica's ope
ratic concerts to be rieUl pa the Baldwin Thea
ter during tne week of January 18.
The scenes in Otis f-'kinner's new romantic
play, "A Soldier 61 Fortune." ore laid in Italy
nt the beginning oi the sixteenth century, the
time being the secon<l invasion oi that coun
try by the armies of France.
H. Beerbohm Tree's fcvenKall is strikingly
original and forcible. He looks more like Dv
Maurler's hypnotist musician .han any of the
portraitures of tiie iuuaoua character yet seen
in New York.
A lady Has come forward to say that % work
written by her suggested to Wilson Karrett the
idea of !iis •'^isn of the Cross." Barrett dis
misses the charge of plagiarism in a lofty,
Marcus Superbus vein. Tne dramatist-novelise
says he doesn't owe anything io anybody, he
got his story entirely out of his own h.-a<l, ana
then he goes on to s«y he aetnowledgei no
indebtedness toanybodv except to Suetonius,
Seneca, Tacitus and other classical authori.
ties, "which are, of course, open to anybody.' 1
What a wonderful thing this letirn::i'-r i-!THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
U3IMAKY OF THE KAKKISTS. .
No Eastern or foreign quotations.
Grain markets closed. .- f r» >,
Bank Clearings fell off again.
Potatoes and Vegetables quUU
Ccmmoa Butter very weak.
Cheese Him. Eggs steady.
Poultry in heavy supply.
Gome advanced again.'
Deciduous Fruits quiet. '
Oranges still plentiful.
Provisions unchaueud.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES,
Imports of staple groceries at this port during
the Hrst 11 months of 1b96 were as follows, com
pared with the same period in 18SJ.V. Sugar 358,-
P94.U00 lbs, against 269.«iU5.000; Coffee 17. 11.
80; Bis, against 21, 127,000; Rice 38,155,600 lbs.
against 47,400,000; Tea b,'.:09,t500 - Sis, agaliist
BANK fl,i:AKlN(i
l.oca! bank clrarin^s last week, were $10,320,862,
•falnst ¥12.671,111 lor the same week iv 1895.
flock SHIPMENT TO AUSTRALIA
The British shir, Alcinous took out for Australia
27,233 barrels Flour, value! at H123.800.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from *an Francisco during the
first 11 months of 1596 were 13,403,100 saMons,
against U\7£.'J,liOU ga.lons during the same period
In 1£95.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum tempera;ur» for the
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of I
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hijth barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: -"low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington '
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and I
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHEK BUKJSAU REPORT.
United States Department of Aorjctti/
ture, Weathkr Bureau, >*X i'BAN-CISCO. Dec.
l!tJ. 1696, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date \
as compared with those of the same date last
season:
Eureka 16.67 inches, last season 15 38 Inches;.
Red Blur? 9.73 inches, last season 6.66 inches:
Ban Francisco 9.5 inches, last season 4. 10 inches:
Fresno 3.64 inches, last season 1. 11 Inches: San
Luis Oblspo 6.55 inches, last season 4.00 inches:
Los Angeles 3.87 inches, last season 1.71 inches:
t-aa Diego 2.73 Indies last season 1.57 inches;
Yuma 1.14 inches, last season .32 of an inch.
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 49, mean 63. Rainfall during the past
i.'4 hours, ■ 53 of an inch.
A well-defined storm is central- this evening off
the Washington and Oregon coasts. High north
east winds prevail at Cape .Flattery ana high
southeast wind and moderate gales have occurred
and still continue along the Northern California
coast. The storm, appears to be now moving
northeastward. High southeast winds will con
tinue to-night and will probably shift to south
west Sunday ana diminish somewhat in force.
■While rain will be probable Sunday throughout
Northern California it is not likely to be as con
tinuous as to-day.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. December 27, 1896:
Northern California — occasional rain Sunday:
high southeast winds and dangerous gales, proDa
b'y spitting to southwest' during Sunday and
diminishing In force.
Southern California — Occasional rain Sunday;
cooler In southeast- portion; brisk southeast shift
lug; to southwest wind.
Nevada— Rain Sunday.
Utah— Fair in southeast and rain in northwest
portion truuday.
Arizona— Cloudy In east portion, occasional rain
ii. west ponion sunaay; cooler. - .
San I ruueisco ana vicinity— Occasional rain
Sunday; high southeast winds, probab.y shifting
to southwest Sunday.
storm southeast signals are displayed along the
entire Pacific coast from Ban Fran.isco north
ward for a severe storm now central off the
Oregon coast.
W. H. Hammo.v. Forecast Official.
CHICAGO JIAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. i:6.— No markets to-day,
holiday.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Dec. *6 -The
run of cattle i o-day was larger than usual on Sat
urday. 1 lie feeling was easy and prices generally
10c lower. Receipts of hogs were light and the de
mand active. Prices wer ■ s@loc higher. The de
mand r. r sheep was guou ana the prices ageraged
steady. . ■
CATTLK — Recelots. - > 500. . Fancy cattle,
CS <0&5 00: choice lonrinit* 1300 to 1700 B> steers.
«.'. HjiaS 35: cood to choice steers. 1250 to I&UU a.
11 7 5 tea 00; mpaium steers. l.uu to 135U H>. Si v; 5
to 4 70: lair beef steers. 1000 to 1200 On. Sit 6J&!
4 20: couiruon beef steers. B'i 50;a,3 75: £oou to
choice stockera and feeders," !>UU to I^so &>. a 3 50v8
a 85: lair to tood no. &CO to b75 lt>. *4 Br>.®
f. 80: tells, choice to extra. $;■> 311(3)4 00: culiv
poor to choice. $2 l)O(d,S 25; cows ana heller*.
cliolce to prime. *J tiOtel 10; cows, lair to inoice.
t* 4 0C43 60: cows, common to fair cauners. 41 60
<g,'i 35; calves, sooa ' io fancy. *5 : oy(c6o 60:
calves, common to tool. t3'2i(g.i 75; iexai trass
steers, »- >3."»*3 'M: Western lai'go steur*. *.i 25
(p.X 8U; Western range cows ana- heifers. $2160
too sO: milker* and sprincers, «* Head. tiiiWlu;
Texas fed nit-en, $3 4t.\'g, i 30. , ■■■-« ■■ .-. ■■>.■■■■;■ '■[
ilUCib— Meceip:«, 15.U1X).' fieavr paclin* «nc
il.jpptns Jets. $3 16*13,40: -common to ■ cnoice
mixed. S3 ■Jlita.o 45: choice assorted. *3 35«! I 6'J;
i!i-Ji:. 5.-; isojiJ &U: piers. dixAi 60. -. . ' . -.
c-JIKKI' — i.tceipts. 6000. luj«na<: to cnoic*,
»2 25&2 75. lain Us. *3 -53,5.
Receipts •at Omaha. /. .'
!?OUTH OMAHA. Nebb.. Dec. 26 —HOGS— Re
ceipts. 4000. Market steady :to sch!elier. l,lght
and mixed, $3 '20f3»3 37: h^avy, «3 10@3 ijS. ..;■•
( ATl'LK— Receipts. iOOU. Market strong: closed
weak. Steeri. S3 40£}4 35; cows. / $1. ;&o(jp3 DO;
lee(Jers,-S3( a3 85. .
sHtEV- Receipts, 200. - All toki lers.
Receipt" at Annual Cltf. ■■•
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Deo, -HOGS—Re
re;prs. 500. Market strong and 5e higher. .Light.
83 25@3 67 V : medium, *3 16©3 35: Heavy,
»3 3u: pi?*, (2 80@3 10.
< a ; '1 lk- P.eceiDts. 1500.. Natives steady. Tex
an easy. Nay v» sie<*«, bfst. $4 16@4 75; fair to
pood. 5.5 10@4 16; cows Hud tieiiers, best, *'J 95®
3 30: falrtusooJ. $1 75<a'J 95; ouils. $1 7J(B'.'Sj:
FINANCIAL.. *'
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W EELOCK & CO., .
4 LeidesdorfT St, Tel. Main 1954.
cxvtba l OFFIUK.- • •- " '
«23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5824
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel <u'ljoluin(Griil •
Room). Tei. Main 369. - -
PUKDV & ATKINSON Managers. *
Orders instantly • executed on latest < market quo-
tations. Reference lot National Bank, S. F.
ULU.AUU. ■VHrVATKWI-JiU. ±M>W HIM.*-
•-■.•■■'■.'•'-. \-
stockers and feeders, $3®3 70; Texas and West
ern, $'2 65@3: calve* $4(ai : L •>- •• t« .
SUJiEI'-Rtcelpts, 500. S.eady.
PRODUCE MARKET.
Note.- The Produce Kxcnanse was not in ses
sion yesterday, hence quotations for cereals, eta
are omitted.
POTATOES, ONIONS, .VEGETABLES.'
Rhubarb is bard to sell. Green Peppers and Sum
mer Squash are neglected.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 60: Early
Rose. 70@80c: River Beds, 40(^55c: Burbank
St-edlings, 26(^4Uc %4 ctl lor Rivers and 60c($$l for
nsiiiuw. '
. ONIONS— ctl.
■ • VKGKTABLiis— Hothouse Asparagus, 15c V Ib:
Rhubaro. 6Uc<i!|Sl -5 t* bx; Los Angeles Summer
-'-Quash, 5c %* B>; Los Angeles Green Peppers, Hia;4c
■© Ib: Los Angeles &CE Piant, V tt>: .Mush
rocins,6®l6c, latter figure for. buttons: Marrow
fat Squash, ■*;> <£7 ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
50c@:l %'bo»: Dried Peppers, 7@Bc Ib: Green
Peas, 4(g.Bc %* Ib; Los Angeles String - Beans,
7@Bc: Dried Ukra. B@9t '$ Ib; Cabbage. 40@50c %*
cv; Carrots, 30@40c r- nick: Garlic, li/j^-jc V tb.
BITTtR, CIIKKSE AND EGtiS.
BUTTER- All except fancy grades are dull and
very weak. F.ne Creameries are steady and there
is a goo 1 northern demand tor them.
Creamkrv— Fancy, 22(i523c ft Ib; seconds, 20®
21c V Ib.
Dairy— Fancy. lSi^'-'Oc: cood to choice, 16y a
17i/>c: lower trades. 15(516c %i Hi.
Pickxki>— 15@17c %* tt>.
Firkin— ls@l6c %* Ib.
Cbramkry 1 üb— 17<ai8c 1* Ib.
CHEKSE— Choice mild new continues scarce
and firm at 12c; common to good old, 8@llc:
Cream Cheddar. Il«£l2i-; Young America, 12®
13c; Western, ll%@l2yac; Eastern, 12V2@13V3C
\$ It>.
EGOS— Continue steady. Eastern are quotable
at 24@25c f» dozen for fancy and 21@22c for.
cold-s.ora^e; ranch I-:.--, -6(g127c for small and
medium and 27i/2@3uc tor fancy; store Eggs, 22$
25c; Duck Eggs, '.'sc.
I'OILIKV AND CAXK.
FOULTRY— Is a car of Eastern offering,
but there are no buyers. Domestic stocK Is ne
glected and unchanged.
Live Turkeys. J3@l4cf* Ib for Gobblers. 13@14c
? v) for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 16@17c * Ib;
Geese, i 1i 1 pair. 91 61); Ducks, $*@5 f* dozen;
liens, S3(d>4 ♦* dozen; Boosters, youug, f 3 5U(o;l;
no, old. *3 50!a,4: Fryers, $3 25@3 SO: Broilers,
(3@3 '.'5 tor large and $'J@'2 50 lor small: Pigeons,
$1 Vb@l 50 ¥ dozen for young and "ft'a,Ha<: lor old.
GAME — market, «isv-rv stir? a aln. with
an advance In most Kin-Is. Quail. $1 25 f* dozen:
Mallard, $6; canvasback, «5@12 f* doc; Sprig,
fSO4; Teal, f3f«doz: Widgeon. $-(di.JO f, doz
snif.li Duck, $1 50; English Snip,-, $2: Jack
Snipe. SI: Hare, 7tc'(i?l: Rabbits, $1 'JS@i 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small; Gray Geene,
$3; WWie Geese. $I@l 25: Brant, (1 60@l 76:
Honkers, $i@4-60 «» uozen.
DECIDUOUS A> T D CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
All kinds are quiet and prices show no material
change.
Apples, 75@90c 9 box for choice. $I©l 25 for
fancy Red, 05(£35c for common; Eastern, $2@3
¥ bbL ■
Pears, 75c@$l 25 V box.
Persimmons, 35@75c V box.
BKKRIEs—
Cranberries from Cap? Cod, $7 DC@B^ bbl; from
COOS Bay. $2 26(.«2 50 ft box.
GRAPES— 75c@$l 25 in crates. /.>•.; : i
CITRUS FRUITS— have a wider range;
they are still in heavy supply. Mandarin Oranges.
51@125: Navel orange* SI 60@2 50: Seedlings, $1
@1 50:<irape Fruit, ss(?6: I. emolii.s, 60 for com
mon ana $;.'@2 50 H box for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes. S4tij,4 50; California Limes, 50;aT5c:
Bananas, tl(a>- ft bunch: Pineapples. ?>'<:sl ft doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DFIKD FRUITS—
Quotations on the ' Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows:
Cabload Lots— ADrtcots are quotable nt e@9c
for Royals and Iiy 2 @l2c for choice to fancy
JJoorparks; Prunes, ;-.^c lor the 4 sizes: Peaches,
<»(g.SV2C for prime to choice, 6Vi@7c for fancy and
SignOc for peeled In boxes: Apples. SS/4c ?* Ib for
evaporated and 2@'_'y2C for sun-dr:ed; Pears, 21-3
@.5c for prime to choice, 4@5y 2 c for quarters and
6@6VsC for halves: Plums. 4c «or pitted and IV&C
for unpitted; Nectarines. 3y,j@4yaC for choice and
5%c tor iaiicy; White Figs, ac; lilaci Figs, ~Vt
©iiy 2 c. .. ■ ■
■ Jobbixo Tricks— Peaches, 4Vb@5 l ,<iC %* Ib:
fancy. 6y 2 @7y 3 c ? Ib: peeled, l^o v> Ib: Apri
cols, 6V«(&yc 4* Ib: fancy. 10c; Moorp.trlcs. 12@
13c; evaporated Apples, -^ie: snn-drnd. 234@3c:
Prunes, 3 8 /4@4c tor the 4 sizes: Klgs, black, Ac for
un pressed and B®3i^c. for pressed: white Furs,
4c; Plums, 4Va@6o . lor pitted and iy a c.for on
pitted: Nectarines, 4Ca.6c %> Ib for prime to fancy;
Pears 2V 2 @&c for whole, 4Vg@sV»<! lor quurterj
and 4V2@IOV->c lor halve*.
RAISINS—
Cakload Four-crown loose. 53/ 8 c: three
crown, 4"an t* Ib: two-crown, S3/»c >* Ib: seed
less Sultana*. SVijC; seedless Muscatels, 43/gc; 3
crown London layers, $1 16; clusters, *1 50:
Dehesa clusters. if 2 50; Imperial clusters, S3.
dried Grapes, 3c %4 Ib.
Jobkin-0 Prices— Sax Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6-'; 4 c: 3-crown, 434 c: 2-crown, 3 4c: seedless
Sultanas. 63,4 c; seedless Muscatels, 4 Vie: 3-crown
Lonaon layers, $1 25: clusters, ' $1 U0; Dehesa
clusters, $2 75; Imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at H@loc: Walnuts.
6y 2 @7c Ib for s-.anuar". and fl(a.9<-' 2 c Ib
mr softshell; Almonds. ts@6Vs c for La'ni?iicitoc
S@Hy 222 2 for hardshell and b.'ayc lor paper-shell,
lobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Kastern and 4c for
California: Hickory Nuts, 6®6c %4 Ib: Pecans,
7%@Bc **lb; Filberts, 7y B !g,sc; Brazil Nuts,
7V2®.Bc: Cocoanuts,' 4@scs luO. ■.-.-■-.-'.■ ■■ -.:
HuXKY-Comb, l^@l2yac for bricht and s@9c
for lower grades: water- wha*> ' extracted, s<ftsV2C;
light amber extracted. 4i«!®4«4c; cark amber, 4®
4y 2 c; dark, 2@3c f». Ib. ." ; r"
BKiibWAi:-a3aJ6c to.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 6c "$ Ib for h*"iivv, 70
f> Ib for light medium 9 l /a c for light. 10c «i Ib for
extra light and 11 %c v 5v 5 - * for (jar-cured. East
ern" sugar-cured Hams. 12V 2 @l3c: California
bams, lie > Ib: Mess Beer. *7@7 60; extra
mess do, .*v.j»» 50; family do, $9 50© 10; extra
prime Poric, $7 50&8: extra clear, *ld i* bDI;
mess, $14 ~t> bbl: Smoked Beet 10c '? Ib.
LA It D— Eastern, tierces. . Is . quoted at s^c for
compound and e@6Vac for pure; palls. 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, O&S'Vic fi Ib for compound and 6^c
for pure: haif-bbla, t>-; 4 c; 10-ib lius. 7Vi<s: do 5-tt>,
7Vbc %» Ib.
cu'I 'TOLENK— 6S6V4O in tierces and 734@8ygc
lv 10- Ib tins.
HIDKS, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 8c v* Ib; culls and brands, 7c i* It.:
medium, 7c: culls brands, 6c: light. 6c; culls
and brands. sc: ■ Cowhides, 6@6^c: culls ana
brands, 6@5U|C; salted Kip, ti®ic; salted Calf.
7@Bc; salted Veal, e@7c: dry Hides. 12@13c 9- tt>:
culls and branas, 9@iUc;dry Kld and Veal.' 8310 c:
culls. 7@Bc: ary Calf, 15c; culls. lL'c: Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids. SC; Deerskins, gool summer,
20@36cV Ib; medium, 15@'2Uc; winter. 7f<tßc:
bbeepskins, snearlings, 10@j5c each: abort wool,
•J6@3sc each; medium, &o^4sceach; long wools,
4t (4boc each. i
TALLOW— Na 1. rendered, 3@3V*C; No. 2, 2i/ a c
V Ib: refined, 6c; .tirease. 2c ? It. -
WOOL— We; quote Fall Wool as follows: num
boldt and Mendocino. B@9c; free northern, 7^s®
BVa c l middle counties, tree,' &Vi@7c; do. defective,
4>/2@6c: San Joaquln, »@sc; do. foothill, s@7c;
Kastern Oregon spring. 7fo(a,9c; Valley Oregon,
lii. 2 'al2Vi{C; do. tall and lambs', ll^lli/gc.
HOPS— b@Bc for fair to choice aud 8<&10c 9 Ib
for fancy. r.«" ' ' /
OK.NERAL SIKK» HANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain • Ba^s, spot, 4%c: Jane-
Jay delivery, 4%c; Wool Bags, 24y 2 ifl.V!6%c.
COAL-Harrlson's circular says: "During the
week there have been live arrivals from
the Coast collieries V with 1 8.055 tons of
Coal, and no foreign cargo has come to hand. Dur
me the same time last week 33,19* tons arrived
from .Swansea, Australia and Cardiff: this cessa
tion of foreign Coal coining in this week will en
able our wholesale dealers to handle last week's
excessive supply without being crowded. Business
has been very brisk this mouth at covering prices;
deliveries have been liberal, more especially in
those lines suitable tor domentic uses. Quotations
are. fully 10% higher than in November for average
steam grades, with a tendency ' for a still further
improvement, in January,. February, and March;
after that time it is anticipated there may be a
softening of values, provided our incoming grain
crop may have then declared itself to be a copious
one. If It should prove otherwise then high prices
must necessarily rule through 1897, as there would
be uolnducemer.tfor incoming carriers to transport
Coal except at a high freight rate. , Present ruling
rates from England aud Australia show no weak
ness; Coal and Coke freights are strong. y main
i tatued at extreme figures, insomuch so that buyers
here are chary about ordering except for abso.nte
requirements. Dealers in Coke order lightly, antici
pating regular shipments monthly from British
Columbia which are now assured."
- -Wellington is quotable at $8; New Wellington.
98 %i ton: ■ Southneld Wellington. $7 50 ? ton:
Beanie. '; $5 60; Bryant, $6 50: Coos Bay, »4 75:
AVollscnd. $6 60: Scotch, ; jrtrymoo, : Cum
berland, $13 50 in bulk and $16 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Kg?, $11(3*12 "r ton; Welsh ah
tbruclLc, SS&10; Cannel, 98 t* ton; Rock springs,
C.ifttle Gate ■ anc . Pleasant Valley, f7 60; Coke,
fll@l2ln bulk and $13 V ton in ska > ' -* : >
•,. CANNED. SALMON -The Alaska Packers' Ab
eocintlon- quotes Red Salmon as iollows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c V dozen: 60.000 cases, 92Hc
\i dozen: .76,000 cases,; 90c V- dozen, net cash i. o.
Li. ex-shlp. 0 ~'*3ffißSpß&££Pl&*ld&&&BiSßM
ECO Ait— The Western Sugar Reflnln* Company
quo: es, terms net cush: Cube and Crushed, be;
J'owclerod, 6i^c; Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4y c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: ,. Magnolia A,
4y ; ; Es.:ra C , 43/ 8 c; Golden C, 4 14 c: half barrels .
i/i c more than iMiiels, and boxes \a c uiore. •
SAN I'KANCISCO MJSAT MARKET.
; The market continues firm. Wholesale rates for
drydse.t stOC4 irom siuugbterers are as lollowx:
Bh .'■ F- First quality, «@6Vic:- second do, 6@
be: thlid do, 4@sc V Ib. ; . > , -.
' VKA L— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Be ?» In,
>lUiTON — Wethers. tM/ 3 (ii7cj iiwes, 6@6V40
$ b.
LAMB-7®Bc » to. ' -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
■ PORK— Live HO2B, 3y @si4c 3 ft for large and
medium and ai/g(S.3Vic ior" small; dressed do, 4^
@SV*C %i lh. . ■.. ..= ... .. . . .- - - .-
KJfciCJKIPTS OF VBObUCIS "
tor 24 HOUR*.
Klonr. «r «** .... 23.3H8 Uutter. ctls.;..- 89
vviirat. ctls..^... • 2,681 i Cheese, ctls.... . - 69
Fnrley. ctls 123,980 Kegs. 00z........ 2.580
Oais.ctls „, 634jH1de5.n0...'.... : . 837
Corn, cils _ ! Pelts, bd15. ...... 435
Eastern „. 765; Wine, cats 42,700
Rye, ills „.... «bO Brandy, ga15..... a,400
Beans. sks ' Sugar, bb15....... 1,831
Potatoes, sks.... 6,053 leather, r0115.... 64
Onions, sics...._ 468 Hops, bi5... ...... : 30
Bran. nit 5........ 700 Tallow. ctts. 14
Middlings, sk*,.. 1,101 Chicory, bbs...- -'; ■ 6
Hay, tons.. . 323 QuicksUver.rljici 193
THE STOCK MARKET
fining stocks wera firm yesterday at a trifling
advance over Thursday's prices. There was
Lardly any business.
The Napa Consolidated Quicksilver Mining
Company has declared a regular qunrterly divi
dend, No. 78, of 10c a share, payable January 1.
A telegram from the superintendent of the Con
solidated California and Virginia stated that no
ore had been extracted irom that mine la«t week.
The annual meeting of the Bullion Mining Corn
pony has been called (or January 14
The annual meeting of the Viitorlt Mining Com
pany has Deen culled for January 11.
The San Francisco Gas'ight Company has de
clared an extra dividend of 17V2 fi pt-r share, pay
ab c January 2. 'Ibis is <ne-luilf of the usual
monthly rate, and It will be the last flividenil the
present company will pny before me exchange of
the old shares Tur this- of the new ban I'raccisco
Gas aud Electr.c l-ight Company.
Following Are tbe Highest Pricos Dur
ing the Past Week.
Alpha.. ..;„'....
Aim ....
Andes
Belcher
Best <ft Belchor..
80d1e...... ......
Bullion.. ........
Bnlwer
Caledonia
Challenge.
L'holiar .;.:.. ..
Uon.C*L A Va. .
Confidence ......
L'rown Point
l • on it & Curry.
Hale it XorcrOit
Mexican
M0n0.............
Ophlr ..'...;. ....
Overman
Occidental.......
Fotosi
Savago.....
Seg. Belcher....
Sierra .Nevada..
Uni0n....:.;.'....
L'i»J»
V«uonr Jockm .
Btock.
Mod.
OS
03
16
34
62
74
V*
4-
11
31
87
1.10
75
' 20
3)
l.lr
43
2i!
94
Of-
It
61
33
1.
44
40
09
3d
|Tue«.|
i 09
03
.15
47
61
liO
09
•I'-
; ll
34
90
1.10
87
23
v
2b
1.20
.43
21
»a
Or
1 9
til:
32
' 09
44
39
07
s;-.
iWeu.l
09
03
. 14
47
. 47
Bt
09
41
11
36
at*
1.10
87
*4
Sa
1.16
43
21
92
16
07 1
69
32
1)
43
39
06
34
Thrs.
09
03
11
i>B
41
81
Oh
"■ 9
10
- 29
79
1.05
77
1«3
'26
lS
I.lft
39
20
89
; 0..
(5
53
2?
10
40
BI-
OS
2H
I ™ I
I ■
"-
■••-
.......
......
--
.'.'k'..
I Sac.
08
03
13
40
46
60
09
39
10
3Lt
■ 82
1.10
80
19
26
1.10
. 39
SCSI
87
05
19
■; 64
25
. 10
41
39
05
•ia
••»:••
•
I
•;»••
......
......
......
......
•••••■
I
1 OAi.Il SALES.
rtmtmin* Tirre the t*aca la the San Francisco
Prcrlc PoarJ yesterday:
Krcruß HORXIVW Flro^tnv. rnvvtvrrvi HtM
200 A1pha. ....07 100 8u11i0n... .091 00 Ophlr 87
50'J Belcher ...Si- 10 1 choir at , WO Savage 25
100 :..v:;.3*- 100 g&c 25 10J d N.V....41
201) 8<t8......4£ JSO Uccldtl.. ..ll|loU LiuouC...b9
Ll-OSUfU QUOTATIONS.
' SATURDAY. Dec. 26 -12 if.
JUl.Ahkrd. • MM. Atlce*.
ATphaCnn.-... 07 Ob Tackson .60 -
Alt*. ...... "02 0.- JuIU. ...... — (6
Andes. 13 16 Instlce. « 01, 06
Belcher 39 4C Kenlucic 01 02
Best ,£ BelcHar 45- 4b Lady Wiisa,... ' — ■ .18
Benton C0n.... Ob li Mexican 39 40
Bodle '.... , 6J —Mono 22 —
Bullion 08 08 Nevada Uueea. — .04
Bulwer. i*9 — |Dccldeutal .... 19 .20
Caledonia...... 10 Ophir..'.". 88 vBB
Chollar ........ Ml 82 Overman 05 L 6
Con.Cal.fcVa..; 1.00 I'otost.; 53 > 56
L salience Con. 30 32 ravage. "^4 '26
Cor. Imperial. "01 I- scorpion — 13
Confidence .78 <ez- BeicUsr... 10 11
ton New Yuri — . ' Vi ■syndicate. .... — 03
Crown Point... 18 . S2l . silver Hi 11....'. — (2
tesl^it-rraN*/ - — L 4 -terra Nevada US 40
.fc-ureka Cun ... '25 — L'nlouCou . £8 40
Kxcheauer ..../'— 16 Clan.... 0& . 00
oouiao; Curry. 25 26 » enow jajit**. 29 nHO
Xij.n:*.»Nutcra.l.lU 1.16 j ' :- .r,. r , ::"••?:."•
fciOCK AM) BOKJD KXCHA>*GK.
. SATUR L) a V. Dec 26 - 10:30 a. M, \
USITKJ> STATES UUNIU. ' : .'"
coud.llo — rj S4sreg...lO!» ll'JVi
Do new issuell9 — ; ,
MISCKLtANKOtrq m\-l>l. •'■.'; .'■';•. -V-
Cal-BtCbless.llo - — tOmnmus 1183/4120
Cal I. Us 125 — |PacKoll - —
CntraCW6s — $61:7! 1)0 2d Is 65... — —
Dpnt-stex-cp — BVi/ 4 pAo Hy tii. — . 115
hdsn LAP 65128 V3l27VPctChV 3 127V PctCh Ry 6s. 87^1 2
F4CHKR6S — 106 il'wi-st RR6«IIJ 111
Gcarv-st Rssloo — [heno.WL&L — 105
li C<fc:J&\fc'».lU3 — Sacto P& L. — 100
LosAngL6s — 100 SFANPR6*.. ■— ' 101
DoUnieedS* — 101 !>l'RltArU6« 94y 2 96
Mut-stCDlelisl--!3 — • {nPltllCftlds. — 113%
DoßyCon 0-t.IOJ V8106V4V 8 106V4 si'RKialbs. — 100
NatVln6s3st — 100 ' -PBrßCal6i. 97V> 88Vi
NevC>gß7s.loo — ISVWaterti-i.llSVfcl 9
NP C RR«s.IOOV4IOS .>V\Va:er4s. 99 89V4
>' Ky Cal 6s.lO'JValosy 'SlktiiOJiE6i' — Mii
NKy L4l 6s. — 95 i-unstl ! tts. —"; —
OakGasss.. — 104. .-utter-.siUsi. 110 —
D02d1565...106y — ;Vis»llaWU}d — —
W 4TER STOCK*. ■■■^* :':
Contra Costa — 35 i&an Jose....' . — —
MarluCo..... 49 — |*prng Valley 67V4 67%
_ , . • «as stocks. _' ; .
Capital....... — 55 Pacific Light — 49
Central.....;. 95 — San Francsco 97 88
OalcUL&ll 53Vs ■"■ Stockton — 2i)
Pac oas Imp «yi/ 3 DO |
INSURANCE STOCK*.
Flreman'sFdl6s — |s>nn .......... — —
COMMERCIAL BANK STO-:ICV
Amerß&TC. — — LondonP*A.l33 128
Anglo-Ca1.... 52Vi 68 l.ondon&sF. — —
Ban of Ca1..2381y4240 MerchKx.... li —
Cal!>D»fcTColo6 109 Nevada...... — —
First NaUonllß4i/3186 leather BCo. — —
VINOS BANK STOCK*.
GrrSA-LC0..1490 1660 iSav I oan.. — 105
HiiuiuNtL.hiU . — Security 250 —
Mutual .'. — 41 Union Trust. 77o —
SFSaV Union — ■ 600 ■ | ;
MTRKir RAILROAT> RTOCKI.
California... .lo7 110 - OakSLiHay — 100
Urary-5t...... — 50 Presidio By* —
Markel-5t.... 43y a 44 |^utier-st — —
VUWUILH STOCK.*
Atlantic D... — — Giant C0n .... 23 23V4
KnsiernD.... 77 81 jJudsouD.... — -
California.... 75 — Vlgorlt. — 90c
' : . MISCRI.I.AN~KniT>) STOCK i. . '
Alaska Pkrs. — 100 NatVlnCo.. — pi^
BlkDCoalC'O. — — ceanlcSSCo 20V4 221/h
Cat Cot Mills — — PacAuxFA — 4
hd.aon Ugtit 1243i125 Vi iracßoraxCo.i racßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — fl'ac Roll Mill — —
Gerl>eadO>. 80 100 «."nrf PaintCo — 7
HawC&sCo.. 17 18 ' Vac TransCo. — —
Hutch SPCo i3V4 I'HCl'itT Co — .;• —
MerKxAssa. — 110 Sunset 'l'«tT. — —
M Klec L.lgm - 6% 7 : . United C C». — —
FOarrt—
10 Edison Light* Power Co. 124*75
41 Oiant Powder C0n...'..... ..;... 29 75
25 do do 22 C'Ji/3
185 do do .....'. ..'...; V'A 00
60 do do ...;..... 13 25
• street— -■: .. ' ■-.- i . :■' • .'■■ . ■ ,
$1000 Markef-st Ry Con 5% Bonds .... 106 00 "
•26 Mutual Electric Light....... ......... 7 00 "
20 UV Water.... *»7 60
NISHAPUR TURQUOISE MINES.
Lacy Method* by Which the Precious
Stones Are Got Out.
The famous turquoise mines of Nisha
pur, in Northern Persia, are believed to be
the only turquoise mines in the world
which have been worked extensively or
which have produced the turquoise of per
fect shape and color. On approaching the
mines from Nishapur, after entering the
low hills and gradually ascending, one
arrives first at the villages inhabited by
the miners, which are op undulating
ground about 5000 feet above the sea level.
After another gradual ascent for about a
mile by a very good road the foot ot a hill
about 1000 feet in height is reached. All
the mines are on the south face of this
hill, and from the first to the last the dis
tance as tho crow flies is not more than
half a mile. The Reish mine, which is
the only one worked on a large scale or
with vigor, produces the greater part of
tne turquoises at present sent to market.
It is near the top of one of the highest
ranges, at an altitude of about 6000 feet
above the sea level. The entrance is a
hollowed-out cave, about twelve yards
across, with a vertical shaft some five
yards in diameter. Two men were reclin
ing at the mouth of this shaft, with their
backs against the wall of tbe cave, and
turning with their bare feet a rickety
wooden wheel, which brought up tne
debris ironi below in a small sheepskin
bag, holding no more than a peck per
haps. This was received by a third man,
who unhooked, emptied and reattached
it. The other two men removed their feet,
nml the bag went down witn a run some
feel, where tbree^ other men were simi
larly engaged on' a ledge in the shaft. The
mine itself is eighty or ninety feet from
the surface. The miners first descend by
means of a narrow diagonal tunnel, and
then scramble down tho rough sides of
the shaft.
At the mouth of the cave, which Is on
.ho precipitous hillside, naif a dozen men
were seated close together on a ledge
breaking with small hammers the frag
ments of root as they were brought up
from below. When a turquoise was dis
covered it was placed on one side in its
rougU state,. encased in rock and sent to
Mershed. Unfortunately, though the
mine is very productive and the tur
quoises of good shape their color soon
goes. Since the Abdur Rezal mine fell in
it may be said tbat tbe stones of perfect
shape and color are very rarely lound.
But, though really cood turquoises are
rare, there is an abundance of imperfect
and bad stones whicb are eagarly bought,
for all Orientals prize them, and the very
poorest like to possess even a green and
spotted one set in a tin ring. It is more
tban likely, however, tbat the hill con
tains an abundance of good stones.
Some of those now found look excellent
at first, but the color in most cases soon
fades, cr a green tinge is developed, or
epots appear on them. Some of these
white spots can only be detected at first
with a glass, and then as a mere speck,
but in time they may expand and spread
right across the stone. The color of most
faded turquoises can be temporarily re
vived by dampness. In Meshed no one
would dream of buying a turquoise of cood
coror without possessing it for some
days, for it is the most treacherous of all
precious stones. The turquoises, as soon
as they are cut in Mersheu, are nearly all
sold at once for export, and their price in
the town rises at least 1030 per cent. Soifte
years ago one could obtain in Meshed
good turquoises of perfect shape, fine
color, fair size, and without a flaw ior a few
shillings each. Turquoises are at present
far cheaper at Tiflis and Constantinople
than at Meshed, and at those towns one
might perhaps find some of good color
which have been in stock for years. —
London Times.
CHICAGO CATS.
T hey Are Sacrificed in the Interest «»;
Science by Medical Students.
Has your pet cat suddenly disappeared
and you don't know what has become of
it? Probably it has fallen a martyr to
scier.ee. One hundred tats have met that
fate (taring the past week, and another
hundred have it in store for them.
At this period of the year each of the
medical students in Chicago is required to
dissect an animal and mount its skeleton.
The animal preferred is a cat. There are
some 200 medical students in Chicago in
their first year, and each of them is .in
structed to keep his eye open for a cat,
and tney have been prowling down all ys
in seared of feiine?, and perhaps half of
them have been lucicy enough to be suc
cessful in their search.
It is not an easy task to find a cat when
you want one. Ordinary mortals see
pttnty of them as they squail through the
nieiit ouiside of their windows. But it is
deferent with the mcd cal student. When
he wants a cat he finds it very d iticul t to
get one, and therefore he is forced 10 make
a very thorough hunt before he succeeds
in bagein;-' the game. On this account the
medical student finds it better to maite
the residence districts his hunting-ground,
where he may be able to catch some very
tame feline who has wandered from Its
house and home to miv itself on the steps.
The stray cats are much harder to
capture, because they are not so tame and
have been taught by%ad experience to re-
Sard all men as their enemies. The pet
tabby is less suspicious and falls an ea?y
prey to the medical student when she
wanders from her own fireside. Hence it
is tnat most, of the cats which are being
made martyrs tb science are well groomed
and bigfa bred. Fully a score of beautiful
Angoras and nearly as many Persian cats
have Deen captured alive and chloroformed
by the students during the past week.
There ;s a student at one of the medical
colleges who has been so successful in cap
turing cats that he has been making a
business of it, and is laying by a siore of
money to help pay his expenses through
ttie college. He has a winsome way of
saying, "Pussy, pussy," which few cats
seem able 10 resist, n nd as a result he has
caught sixteen dv .ng the past week,
which he has very iittle difficulty in sell
ing to lc»s fortunate hunters of the feline
pets. His favorite hunting-ground is
Michigan avenue, where the best cats can
be had and most easily.— Chicago Times-
Herald.
CUNNING OF ELEPHANTS.
Some Examples of Their Sagacity While
in Their Will State.
Several years ago a large bull elephant
was captured by Crippy, the famous ele
phant-tuker of Ceylon. The animal made
a desperate struggle at first, but wa3
finally conquered and led into the corral
by two elephants trained for the purpose.
The moment it entered the inclosure it
sanli upon the ground and apparently
died of what natives termed a broken
heart. Every effort was made to restore
the elephant. It was treated by the doc
tors, pinched with spears by the mahouts,
but all to no purpose, and it was finally
deserted. But the moment the natives
reached a safe distance the wily beast
sprang to its feet, and with exultant
trumpeting rushed through the corral
fence and into the forest, where its cries
ofdelignt at the success of its ruse were
heard for some time.
Mice will feign death to escape a cat,
and even human beings at times adopt
this ruse to escape from the various ene
mies. Almost every great lion-hunter has
tried it with this animal, and olten with
success. A famous elephant-hunter was
caught by a rogue elephant and tossed in
the air, after which the ferocious brute at
tempted to kueel upon him and crush him,
but the hunter did not move, realizing
that it was his only salvation, and the ele
phant, thinking him dead, turned and ran
into the brush.
One of the most remarkable instances
of presence of mind on record was that
shown by Seious, the African big-game
sportsman. He was caught by an en
raged elephant, which he had wounded,
and pinned to the earth by a tusk which
cut through his thigh to the bone, tearing a
1 aping wound. Seious retained conscious
ness and pretended to be dead. The ele
phant watched him closely for a few
moments to see if he was alive; then he
jerked bis tuslr from his body and the
ground, which it bad penetrated, rose to
its feet and staggered off to receive its
death from the friends of the plucky
hunter, who had not fired, fearing that
the animal would fall and crusb the
wounded man. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
A SEA BOTTOM EXPLORES.
Work Actually Begun on the Lake Sub-
marine lioat.
Work was begun a day or two ago at the
Columbian Shipyards, Baltimore, on the
construction of the lake submarine wreck
ing vessel that is to sink into the ocean
depths, explore wrecks and coral beds, and
in fact, be the wonder of the age in marine
engineering. The boat, which has al
ready been described in these columns,
will be cigar-shaped, 36 feet long, 9 feet in
diameter, with a displacement of 54 tons.
The steel hull will be braced to stand the
pressure at a depth of 300 feet.
She will be propelled by steam on the
surface and by electricity while sub
merged. The craft will be divided into
four compartments — engine and living
room, air-lock chamber, divers' room and
lookout compartment. The piloi-nouse
and smokestack will be in the center ol
the vessel's back. When running on the
surface the boat will be guided and pro
pelled as are ordinary steam vessels.
The vessel will be submerged by filling
tanks in i.-er hull, lowering heavy weights
to the bottom of the sea, and then wind
ing in the cables attached to the weights,
when the vessel will descend. The fires
will be extinguished when the vessel goes
down, and electricity will then supply the
motive power. The peculiar craft is to
carry a crew of six men, ana will be capa
ble of staying on the bottom loriy hoars
without renewing the air.
The onenings where the divers will go
out will be on the bottom and the water
will be kept out of toe apartment from
which they leave the boat by air pressure.
Powerful electric lights will illuminate
tbe ocean bed for 200 leet around tbe boat.
There will be a propeller in tbe rear and
when it strikes bottom it will run on three
wheels, two of which will be furnished
with claws to act as additional propellers.
Simon Lake, tbe inventor, i- a youug ma
rine engineer of Baltimore. W. T. Mal
ster, president of tne Columbian Works,
is interested id the scheme. — Philadelphia
Kecoru.
THE CALL CALENDAR
DICEM
Bu.
Mo.
jTu.
W.
Th.
Fr.
Sa.
Moon's Phi
1
2
3
■V
6
©New Moon.
Dec. 4.->;;
"~~
7
8
•
10
11
12
Firs: Quarie
Dec. 11.
13
14
IS
18
17
18
19
/£«V Full Moon.
& Dec. 19.
___
21
22
23
24
2B
2tf
Quarter.
Deo 27.
27
128
29
30
81 i
:-y.: -y.
OCEAN STEAMERS
JDdt«ii of Departure * rum San FranoUco.
STKAMER I DKSTISATION*. I
BAILS.
| I'IKIi.
L'oronk
P0m0na.....
Aral 10nr...
\oapuico...
Stale or Cal.
8e1g1c.....'..
Australia...
Kureka
My Puebia
Czarina.....
Santa Kosa.
a rcaia. .;;;.
5un01.......
Loos 8ay.. . .
Colombia. ..
Del None...
Homer..:...
San Uietro. ....
Hnmboldtßai
Yaa ulna Bay.
Panama
Portland
China* Japan
H0n01u1u......
Newport ..".'...
Vie a P«t Snd
Coos Bay . .
ban IMexo .
Coo* 8ay.....
Grays Harbor.
Newport;-.-;.'. .
fort I ana ......
!ii-;ivs Harbor.
Vnnnlnn Bay
Dec 27.11*41
Dec 27. Htm
Deo 27. SAM
Dec -'9.1 v
Dec 29.1Uam
Dec '2.9, Ipm
Dec '19. 'ieu
Dec 'it. Yam
Dec 80, am
Dec 30, dfx
Dec Sl.Ham
Dec 31.10 am
Jan 2. 12»
Jan 2. Pa u
.I:.n 3.10 am
Jan; . 3. .....:
Jan '- 6. Spm
fl« 11 ;
Pl«r*
let 3 ,
Pit »S
l"l«r 24
PM.SS
Pier 7
Plot 11
Pier s»
Pier 8 I
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier i
Pier 11
Pie' J t
Pip'r'a"
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
>r'*MKB
From
llVf.
Costa Kick.
Eureka.
Peru ...........
Cleone
Trnckee
Czarina..
Pant* Kosa.V...
Alcazar
I'odiods
C01umbia. ......
Walla Walla. ..
Colon ...........
Crescent City...
Coos 8ay...;...
Del None
Farallon..
H0mer.:........
Alice Blancnard
Arcata
State of C»1....'
North Kor«.
Departure Bay '.
Newp0rt. .;:......... ....
China and Japan
Crescent Clr. v .v..:. . .. .. .
Tillamook Bay
Coos Bay
San D1#ir0..... ..........
Grays Harbor
Hum bold, liny. ... ......
I'ortlana :....
Victoria <£■ Pue*t BouqJ
Panama....
Crescent City :.'....„
Newport.......
urnys HarDor.
Yaqntna tsar
Yaqalna Ha- ........ .
Portland
Coos 8ay;..... ..........
Corel ana.
IlntnboWlf Bn<- . .
..Dec «7
..Dec 27
..Dec '11
..D«o 28
..Deo. 28
..Dec 29
..Dec 29
..Dec 30
..Dec SO
..Dec 31
..Dec 31
..Dec 81
...lan . 1
..Jan 1
..Jan 1
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan S
Jan 6
..Jan .5
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
C. p. Coast A>fr> G *odktic Si7Bvky Tib* 1 ) :
' BITM.ICTIN publishkd by official ' >•
Authority of the Supkbintmndknt. )
December— lß9o.
Sunda/, December 27.
Unn Tin** 7.251 Moon rises am
Bun sets 468; Moon set*.
I Timp Feet !■ -° Feet M-v" peel T>m» Fe«
V H W I ■ -■ - I. .W |H -v I. \V
!8 6.U&
X. W
!9 0.15
tO 1.16
li '2.13,
6.4 111.46|1 1 1.46| u.U' ti.oo a.4 li.^o 275
5.6' 1a. 571 0,1 7.40 37|
H W L \\ I H W
2.7 6.5 i 6.7 3.0.< i —I.o i 9.01 3.8
2.9 7.40 6.9 Xo!> -1 6 In. 14 4.3
a.Oj 8.26 «.1| 4 001-1. 9111.14 4.3
Note— In the aoove exposition of the tides th*
sarly morning tides ant given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second tlms
column pives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the thLM tide, and toe last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the dt»y. except
when tnera are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. T£B heights given are additions to tiis
soundings on the United States Coast .Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and iben tbe number given is subtractiv*
from the deotb _• : yen by ihe charm-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tbe United States Hvdrograpnls
Oflce located In tb* Merchant*' Exchange U
maintained In m»b Francisco for the benefit ol
mariners wlthont regard to nationality and free ol
«xi ense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tns
office, where complete lets ot charts and salllifz
directions of the world are keot on nunl for com
parison and retarence, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarJlng llgbts, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build ns on Tele
graph mil 1* hoisted abont ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from th»
United states Naval Observatory a. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wat
dropped ob lime, or giving the error, If any, tt
puhinhel the same day uy the afternoon pap era
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUOHKS.
Lieutenant. U. B. -N.. In «harga>
The Time Ball.
fBANCH JTYT>BO«JBArmo OrFIOW,' XT. S. ?T.. ■>
M KUCHA NTS' KxciiANraie V
. Pan Francisco. Decemoer 26 1891. )
The time ball on Tetegraon Hill was aroppel
exactly at noou to-day— l. a., at, noon of the 12(Ka
meridian, »r exactly utfc il, Greenwich lima.
.-• ' v ■•■•.".■ W. S. HoflHM,
, Lirntenant V. S. X.. In charts. ■
NOTICE TO MARINERS
Point Bonita Cliannel— California.
It is reported tbat Bontta Channel Buoy, black
No. It. is UOO feet due east or Its proper position.
If so it will be replaced as noon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
I'baxk Courtis, Commander U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Liehthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrive 1. ,
. , • :- SATURDAY. December 26.
Stmr Albion, Lnndquist, "Vi days from Tilla
moolc Bay. lumber, to J s Kimlmll. .
- Stmr ' City of I Puebla, Debney, 58 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Uoodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alliance, -Hard wick. -44 hours from Coos
Bay; 450 tons coal. 100 M. ft lumber, 10 Gray &
ilitchell. \
. Nic Costa Rica, Mclntyre, 89 hours from
Departure Bay: 2300 tons coal, to It Duusmuir i
(Sons. • '
Bktn Monitor, TurlofT. 9 day» from Eureka;
lumber aid shln<les. to runs Nelson. .
{Schr Glendale, Johnson, .20 days from Port
Blake.ey; lumber, toP.icitic Pine Lumber Co.'-
Schr Arthur I, Krog, Ti hours from Xversens
Landing: 140 eds wood, to X iv.-rseii.
-. Schr Halcyon, Mellins, 22 days from Tacoma:
840 M. ft lumber, 10 Hausen &«jo.
• Schr Monterey. Beck. IB hours from Bowens
Landing; M ft lumber, to F Hey wood. -
'•*-le»r«(l. : '
, SATURDAY, December 26.
' Stmr Corona, - Jepsen, - ban Diego; UoodaU.
Perkins & Co. .
Fr bark Jeanne d.' Arc, Made, Qaeenstown; G W
Me Near. . ■ .... : : ..... ......
Sailed. ;... "... ~! .
SATURDAY. December 28.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. San Pedro.
Httrir Mexico, Thomas, Victoria and Puget Sound. '
■- Stmr KmDtre. Ne son, Portland.
, Rtmr Navarro. Dugi>an. Trinidad.
' sciircwisJi Wilson. Johnson, Aberdeen. .
Schr Occidental, Brandt, Eureka. '
TelMgrapluc.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. .26.-10 p. it— Weatha:
foggy; wind SE; velocKy 30 miles.
■■_- .. ■ - •-; ■ ■ Charters. ':.'-• ■-.,' ." • ;
The Haw bark - Roderick Dim loads mdse for
Hllo; Br bark Beeswing, wheat at Portland for
Europe; Br ship Duohulburn. same voyage, 27s
6d; scbr Viking, nidae, for Kahuiul. : ■ ■
" , ■ .Uomnatio Forti,
ASTORIA-Sailed Dec 26— Br ship Province, for
Queensiown. . . . ■- .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 26-3tmr - National
City, from Eureka.
Sailed Dec i»>— stmr Jewel, for San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY— sailed, Dec 26— Stmr Tilla
mook. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Deo 25— Schr Daisy Rowe,
hence Dec '20. :-. : ■ - ■-■■".'■' "••■■ -, v/.■;v /.■; ..*' >■ <g. -
BA LLA P. D— Arrived Deo 19— Schr Boy Somers.
hence Dec H. .-*■■ - ; " . ■;' .-: :■
1 PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 26-Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro. ™? .
.ASTORIA— Am D-c 26— Stmr Columbia,
hence Dec 24; stmr Alice Blanchard, * hence Dec
21. .* •'.-■■-*-■ *. -■■ .'• is ■', . '-:■,? *■**■■-*& .'.; ».»:
: SOUTH BEND-Arrlved Dec 26-sciir ■■ Melanc
tuon. hence Dec 4. -'■ -< «*' . ; « : -
: GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 25-Scnrs Mary
and Ida, Neptune and Jennie Stella, and stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco ; schr O M Kellogg, for
Apia: bkin leaner, for Oco<.
•, Arrived Dec 26— airur - Del None, hence Dec 22.
■!".'■'■■■ '- ;: , . Importations. : ".■■.. . ,// '. <.
PORTLAND- Per State of Callfornla-525 os
salmon,' 369 sKs potatoes, . 1260 sks shorts. '- 1600
ski bran. 2567 sks wheat. 48 cs peas, 2196 sks
1003 qr-sks flour, 6314 bdls shoots, 472 odls
hides ana pel tv 864 | pkgs green hides, 286 pkgs
furniture, 2130 pkgs p»oer.  . : /; -.■>,, <*■■■,
' - Astoria — bbls cranberries, ■ 68 sks oysters, 26
I cs salmon. 141 a bdls books, 53i2 ft lumber. 424
sks fish guano, 'A pkga express. ;. ..'.:. ..--:_
: : VANCOTJ Per City of Puebla— 8 bbls flint,
65 bbls lasts. 5 cs luces, 39 cs cigarettes 267 Cs
tobacco, . -5 cs cigars. 6 cs ■% wooden haines." 6cs
flannels, 5 <m dry goods, 1 cs elastic, - organs,' 4 rs
coffee. 5u bbl» glucose. 35 drums glycerine, 1000
: ke.'s 10 bbls 30 lif-bbls herrings. I bicycle.' 2310
! cs condensed milk, 187 cs hats, . 10 bdls leather, X
I bxs nulso. 429 cs uoot-i and saoes. -' :-'-'-*'-'^ :
A tiacortes— l'Aobs sks oat*. 25 bxs codfish. V. ;
.'■■■ Everett— 6o kegs • nails, 247, rolls 733 bds 42 cs
paper, ,700 bars = bullion , 5 1 bx ■ dams, 821 bdls
snooks, 31 bars brass. . :::'.\':\: ■*■>■■■-■ v"'"-"-i> '-■■*£•;-■■*.
West or Fargo via Tacoma— lß24 sks wheat, 111 1
bx clothing, 608 sks 564 qr sks 1882 hf-s:<s flour,
1 bx clo blui, 228 ' pk«s luruiture, 9 crts classes,
■•-.' —" ■ - ;. .'..- .•-".■---■: ■■.-.-■ ..;_.... '
«87 sks flax, 68 sks wool, 156 bdla bed ends and ,
rails. •-. .-■ , : ,"--:. .: ... ■ :
■"•• Kast of Fargo via Tacoma— l bale matting, 4cs
furniture, 2 bols mJse. 3cs machinery. >. ■»■ ■■•■':- ,> : i
-Tacoma— 3 pknmJit I C maclilne, 1 sk. bear
skins, 1 keg brand-, ' 400 bars bullion. Bcs > tele- -
graph instruments. 1 cs hardware, 7 bais hides.
Japan via Vic:orla-1 bale ragi. 1 cs furs. 25 bxs
curios, 5 bxs maic.ies. • .-' :
: China via xPS C 0 —286 ro-U matting, 1783
cs oranges. 183 'pkgs oranges, o I cs c orioi. '21
p-egs curios, 3 pkgs provisions, 1 : bx samples, 4 c«
paper napkins, 2uO bass rice; • '•': •
•■ Victoria— l bx extract. 50 cs whisky. ;1 sic coin.
1 cs muse, '2 cs W patterns. '2 pkgs express.
Seattle via O R Ky— '& bxs mdse, 1722 copper
Ineots. . . : ■» - :'■' ■•- i'i--&i-ii-. ■-. v-<
* New Whatcom— 2 cs . mdse, ; 99 bdls broom
handles • •• .'• •• v---~.- • " ; ": ':
. >eatt.e— l4 bxs rubber goods. ; 400 sks oats, .1 bx
groceries, 6 ci syrup. 2 bbls .brasa iuu<. 1 uorse, 4
bxs fish, 983 bbls lime, 19 cs mdse. 1 coop poul
try, 2 pugs machinery. 2 castings, 1 chest tea, 433.
bdls bides and pelts, 12 pkgs express. 'i sks coin, 1
bbl apples, 2 bxs fruit, 1 lot household furniture.
* Port Townsend— l bar bullion. ■:
KetchUan— l bx ore. =. ;s ;; .
;'•'-: ':i~"0.-U. ' I ■■ " Consignee*.
' Per State of California— Allen & Lewis: Healds
burg Canning to; Oeo Morrow & Co: J A Wilkin
son; M P Detels; V Hillens & Co: . Btssln*er& Co;
J P Thomas; Moore, Ferguson Co : " D J Russell ;
J KArmsby Co: • McDonoughAKunyon: J B
Bocarde Chambers, Price & Co; Fogarty & Parker;
Porter Bros & Co; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: A
j-miU»: H A Lacy ;' Dodge,' Sweeney & Co: ; Pac
Bone Fer.iUzin« Co: Crown Paper Co; Qalbraith
Co; Darbee & Immel; Clatsop Ml.l Co; 11 Wai
deck: -Wells, Fargo & Co : H W Frank.
: Per City of pupbla— Mattoon & Dandlada; Fuji
Co; Roth. Blum & Co; Wetmore Bros: V Av.noyo:
Djrnoio Bros; D X Allison & Co Nagh A Co: John
FThebedean: Bank of British Columbia;' Welch
& Co: U'rru-la Uriosto & Co; Elij.th Atns: Ban* of
California: J' Davis; !*eiby smel. lns aud Lead Co:
Tlllmann it Bendel ; ■ Thomas Lousjliran: Duff A
Co; Weils, Far,'o <fc Co; A Schilling Co; Hoff
man A Roischlld ; j J X rfeckman: • P vv heeler;
L Ueldman & Co; Ado ph Mever; W T Uarißtt &
Co; II Cowell &Co:*Tne Rot; bins Brass Works; C
A Lee; Academy of Scieuce;'Blssln!;er it Co: "J A
Cloud; Brick <& Co: -American Import Co: Pacißc
steam Whaling Co; Ross & Hewlett; OH Young;
8 H Frank * Co: C X Whitney & Co: O A Marker;
SN Marques; Cerf, Schlost & Co: Monarch Card
Machine Co; s;chles3i:i-er <fe Bender: Italian- Swiss
Agricultural Co:ony:- Sunset T <fc T Co: Jung:
CJLeist&Co: The Harry CJnna Co: P Kos<l &
Co: H Dutard: Geo W Me Near; H Dutard; Kittle
Co; G H Price: M J Brandenitcin * Co: W G
Richardson: Wieland Brewing Co; -M Detels; J
Stencil: Dunham, Carrigan <fc Co: « H. .Howard;
Blake, Moffif <k Towne: Moore, Ferguson <BCo;
N Marden; Northern Lumber Co; De Palmer
Milling Co; O R «ft N Co: American Tobacco Co: P.
Berwin & Bros; . Tlllmann & Bendel ; Triest & Co;
N • Peckeu; -" Buckingham, He-lit & CO: Johnson-.
Locke Mercantile Co: Main & Winchester: .Nat ten
<$. Moore; Rosenthal, Feder to; Wm Clult <fe Co;
A Jfie.shaKt-r; Jacob TJnna: Wi Hams Mar win <&
Co: Wellman. Peck d:>_v.; Murphy, Grant & Co; J
aeidel ' & Co; Cahn, Nlckel3burg at Co; : California
Last Factory; Sherman, Clay Co; S Steefvater:
Giant Powder Co. , .
For I.n" Khtnptno inteUinenr.* Km Twelfth Poo.
HEW TO-DAT.
GERMAN SAVINGS &, LOAN SOCIETY,
526 California St., B. F.
Capital actually paid up In cash.... *1,000.000 00
Deports DecemDer 31, 1895 30,727.686 39
Reserve fund 715.00U00
Guaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, B. A. Becker: First
Vice- President. Kdwarl Kruse: tiecond Vlce-
Prealdent, Daniel Meyer; (ashler, A. H. R.
Scnmidt: Assistant Cashier, WiJliam Herrmann;
Secretary. George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. U. Mnller.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniel Jleyer, H. Ilorstmann, Ign.
Steinhart, Nlc. Vaa Bergen, Emil Rohte, H. B.
Kuss, li. N. Walter.
At torney. W. k Ooo'lfelow.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PiOFIC COAST_STEIMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS tBAVK BKOADWAY AdL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -SOHBBK
For Mary Island, Lorlnir, Wrcngel, Junean. Kil-
llsuoo and Sitkn (Alaska), at 9 A. v., Dec 10, 2&
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (nelllnsrham Bay. Wash.), 9 a. k.
Dec. 5, 10, 15, HO, '26, 30, and every flfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. B.
X., stTacorsa with N. P. R. X., at Seattle with (i.
>". Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska ateamers.
For Kurelta, Area a aud Fields Landlne (Hum.
holdtßar), str. Pomona '2 r. it.. I) c. 3. 7,11, 15,
19, 23, 27, 31. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Hnnta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (3an l.uls Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. M.
Dec. 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21, 26, fc9, and every fourio
day thereafter.
For s»n Diego, stopping only at Port Harronl
(S«n Luis Obispo), )-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Redondo (l.os Ansjeles) and Newport. 11
A.M. Dec.3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, '^7, 81, andevery fourtli
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, IU
a. v. 25th of each month.
'Ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket oiiice— Palace Hotel, 4
I«ew Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O. R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN 3D
From Rpear-street Wharf;, at 10 a. m.
FA "RTT/* l3 First-class \ Including
illvHitiiit Second-class /berth Jtm»U
. . . SCUEDULK OF SAILINGS:
State of California Dec. 19, 29, Jan. 8
C01umbia.............. ..Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 8
~ Through tickets and - through -baggage to all
Eastern point*. Rates and folder* upon applia«*
lion to mx&fsottaiitiTmm
F. F. CONNOR. Oeneral Agent,
. . ■ 630 Market street.
COODALIi. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendent*
mmmtmm amsi S. ft. AUSTRALIA for
a9»*VMnill flNll. HONOLULU only,
•H JW"lam t Tuesday, December '29.
■ at - J p. m. Special party
fejm aaajf 1 M rates, AUSTRALIA for
rjCllliir HON o L U L I' only.
• •?»■■■■« Tuesday, December 29.
M•■ " at •! v. m. Special party
Ct^^T^S r«es. N. 8. ZKALA-S-
iStWinSnincJ J»A saiis vi* HOXO-
* > gtff a y f> » ml11 " 111/ LULU and AX7CK-
- /S(nn?l7U« LAND for SYDNEY,
c^> X? II^UIUSJ ' 'lhursday, January 7, at
2 P. M.
LinetoCOOLGABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Afrioa.
J. D. SPRECKELS * EROS. CO.. Agonts. »
114 Montgomery street.
| Freight Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco. ■
COHPAGSIEGFJERALTRABATLASriQOS
r French Line to Havre.
fIOMPANY'S PIKH(NEW). 42 NORTH AtogSu
\J River, footof Morton st. Travelers byCTISS3*I
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. Aew Vorit to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris,
first class 160, second class f 116. r - < '
LA HRETAGNE......::. ...:... Jan. 2. sa. m.
LA SOHMAVDIE Jan. 9, 9A. M
LA CHAMPAGNE „. ..Jan. 16, 10 A M.
LABOURUOGNE..... .....Jail. 23, 6A. M.
LA (iASCOONE Jan. 30, 9 a.m.
IS" For further particulars apply to
",,.■-. • ■ a. FOKUKT, Agent,
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York. ,
J. F. FUG^ZI <fc CO., 'Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ";:- • ■
WHITE mR LISE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
-.' ■*.'./ ■' -■ ■ MHrW .- '. " : , ''.
New York, Qusenstown it Liverpool.
SAILI>O KVKKV lihKK.
CABIN, &0 AND UPWARD. ACCORD- jajem.
ing to steamer and accommodations SMHaV
(selected; second cabin, $42 50andRl/ 60: Maji-s.it: :
and Teutonic. : Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
laud, Scotland. Sweden, Norway and <■ Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. , Tickets, .
tailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific | Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of I the Company, 613 Market stream
under Urand llotei. . U. W. FLETCHER.
- , -, . . « ■■ ' ■ ■ General Agent lor Pacinc Coast.
CTOdTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At a V. M. Daily. -Freight received u»
f to ..::!» P.M. ;
ffg- Acoommodauons Reserved by Telephone,
i l iis only line matting through rates on VallCV
Road freight. gTKAMEKS: ■ . if. ■
• STtAMEKS;
■. T. C. Walker, x J. D. Peter*. v
Mary O»rratt, - . , City of Stooktoa.
'leltuUoutj Main 803. ' Cat. Kay. unU luiui. Cm .
f -l ALLEJO, AID U. S. SAVY-IMRD.
« SXHAMEB tlCEIiliO,"
Dally ex. Sal. A Sun.. *10:30 a.m.. 4 and 9:30 p. M.
Haturdays...v.....;^/.. .......10:30 a. m., 4 p. v.
5unday*....... .........:.......... :..... ....8 p. M>
Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier 2.
'•;••. ■•;.!-: Telephone Black '231.
•ExcursJou 'rip. giving 6 hours at Navy- Yard,
FOR m [JOSE. LOS GATOS& SASTA CRUZ
CJTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
kJ day. Wednesday . Friday, at 10 a m. Alviso
Tuesday. Ttiursdav. Saturday, at 3P. m.. Freight
and Passenger.", Fare between Han Francisco and
Alviso, 50c; to San ' Jose, 75c. ... Clay -. St., Pier 1. '
20 W. Santa Clara St., Suu Jose. ,v >-,- . t . , ; ..;•..
RATLWOATJ TRATBtJ
Train* connect with .North Pacifls
Coast Railroad. . ,
WEBK Days— u-ave & F. 9:15 a.' m. . I:4!Sf m.
Returning— Arrive S. r. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 P. M. ;
SUNDAYS— Leave B. F. Ba. 11:30 a.m. I:3upm.
Eetnrnlnjr— Arrive 1:1 5 km 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.»
Tickets for sale in MIU Valley or,-ri.«T:
ti THOt. COOK A >O.\S. 621 Market St., & 9.
i KU Vail*/ and Meant Xaaiaipul* Bo*sio liaUws*
RAILROAD TRAVE[l£^^^_^
S. F. AND PORTLAND EXCUR-
SION TRAIN.
DEC. 29, Jan. 3, 8, -13, 18, 23, 28.
- v And .Every Fifth Bay Thereafter.
' Leave From S. P. i Co.'* '; Ferry Landing,- Foot of
„ ,- / . . .varlcet street, a: 8:00 p.m." ,".
Affirm HI •■ <H1 A Including Berth.
SPECIAL * 514 Tourist Sleeper.
S RATES?: t- $2 V; First Class. inclu.liu*
RATES J $21 PcP cr dard
' For further Information apply' at-Bli Market
street (Urand Hotel Ticket Office), San Francisco.
I RICHARD GRAY, • T. H. GOODMAN,
j'-'.;; C-en. Traffic Mgr. > " ■■■:.'! Pea. Pass. Agt.
TOE SAS FlillCKarilß • SIS JOIQIII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAQ.
T>KGULAR*PASSF.SGER TRAINS LEAVE
X\i SiocKton at 7:20 a. m. dally, excepting San-
days, tor Merced, Fresno and way stations. Con-
necting boat I- ayes Washington-street wharf, fan
Fr«ncisco, t via ■' California Navigation and ?. Ira.
provement Com piny at 6 p. M. daily, excepting
SatnrJays. ' JOHN MOSS, Traffic Manager.
■OCniHRN l'AC'iyiC COBFANT.
(■PACIFIC MYSTEM.) ' .
- Trnlun leave and are ilnci to arrive at
HAH ft'UAN&INCO.
Ha ye— From November 7. 1.00 v. m., 1806.— abkiv
"•0:00a Kilcs, San Jose and Way Stations... Bj4Sa
7i«Oa Atlantic Express. Ogilen and Kant.. *«•»»
7«00a Benicia, VacaviUe, Kumsey. Sacra-
'■' ■■ '■- mento. Orovflle and Bedding via
- DaTia......;.......... «»«»
7:30 a Kortinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa, ■
•■.-■ Cali3toga and Santa Rosa •ilo»
. •:!I»ia Kilos, Hun Just-, Stockton, lone,
. Sacramento, .MarysYillo and lied
; ' r Ulutl.-... ....■...•.■......;.. «ti»p
•8:8Oa Peters and Milton «7sl»»
■ 9iooa New Orleans lCiiines. Raymond (for
1 •"- ; ■ : Yoscmite), Fresno, ' Bakerslicld,
! - , , Santa Uurliara. Los Angeles, Dem-
1 . . ■ ing, £1 l'aeo. New Orleans and
Ea5t.................:............. 4i4»»
; Bt*OA Martinez and Stockton 4:4.1p
: 9:OOa Vallejo 6:15*
....... Nile*, Han Jose, Liverniore and
j . : Stockton...... 7xl»P
■ •I :OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers *9:00p
■ fl:3Op Fort Costa and Way Stations \* »48»
' 4:UOp Martinez, San Uaiuoii. Vullejo.
Napa, Calletoga. Xl Verano and
- ' ;■ . .: Santa Rosa »il»*
: «:00p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland, •
.". ' : Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
>:i - yUle and 5acrament0..........:.. 11:I»*
I 4:30p Niles, San Jose and Livermore B:4OA>
4:BVp Los ' Angeles ' Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and .'Los ■
Angeles 10i4»A
• 4:30p Santa Fo Jtoute, Atlautic Express
' . -. ' forMojave ami Ka5t. ............. 10:484
j 6:00 1- European Mail, Ogiien and Kast.... 9j43a
, 6iOOp liuy wards, Niles aud San J05e.:.... 7:48 a
' t7:OOi- Va11ej0..;....;.. ;... t7«43#
7:00 i" Oregon Jixprrsii, Sacramento, Marys-
. - >.»--. - t in Oi Reilding, • Portland, '■ I'ngct
• Sound and last 11:18*
If 10:09p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
■ Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
. ..-■ and East ...;.. ..........'.•.. Sl»t4g»
SANTA <;itUZ JUVISIO.N (Narrow KnuKC,.
■:ir»A Newark,Cenlervillc,.Suii.lose.Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
5tati0n5..;..........:............. ■««»•»
*3:lSp Newark, Centcrrillc, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, ]>oulder Creek,
Santa Cruz - and Principal Way
5tati0n5................. "11:20 a.
4:1 Sr Newark, Han Jose and Los < Jatos. ... O:SOa
1 11 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17:g0p
COAST DIVISION (lliir.l & jouiimiml Sts.)
0:45 a Han Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li3#F
■:13a San Jose, 'ires Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grovel Paso Roblcs, .San
Luis Obispo, Gaadsiupc, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:©S>
10:40 a San Jose and Way .Stations B:03p
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations....... 3:00*
' *2:3oi' San Matea, Mcnlo Park, .San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
i .- Balinas,Montereymi(lPaciucGrove »I0:40a
•3::iopSau Jose ami Way Stations 9:50 a
•4:30r San Jose Wny Stations . »8:10 a
'• 3:30 1- San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:50 a
' O::tOi> San Jose and Way Stations 11::;."Sa
tll:4."Si- San .lose ami Way Stations t7:49p
* KAN MaXimO ANl> IIA»WAK»S LOCAL.
. <«6:OOaV • ~ v ( 7: ISA
' I 8:OOa ■ ' ' ' %' ■ ,: «9:4»A
iS.OOa Melrosc, Seminary Park, J*!«t
"sISSp Fitchbnrg,SanLeandro "fjjg*
H.yw»rtls. «j«»;
7:OOp .. -; '.._, :, y *%**
9:00p < Runs through to Nile*. IOtSOp
ftll:lsrj < From NUea. ftl2;OOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN FUASUSCO— Foot of M»rket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 -,:■. 9:00 11:01! a.m. 11:30 *2:00 |3:00
•1:00 . 15:00" *6:00 p.m.'
from OAKLAND— of Broadway.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *1:00 '- t2:00 *3:00 ti:00
»S:QOI'.M. -.-■•-i- -■ ■ ' -■
A for Morning. ■ ' . P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted, t Saturdays oaljfc.
I X Sundays only. c
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdays. § •Sundays and "hursdail.
SM FRMCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
nbnron Ferry— Foot of Market
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A. its 13:3%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra Ma
at 11 .30 p. k. Saturdays— fixtn trips at 1:M
and 11:30 r.u. '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 M.; 1:30. B:3ft
6:00. 6:20 P. M. ■
- San Rafael to Run Franclooo.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. «i
12:45, 3:40, 10 p. m. Saturdays— trios
at 1:65 p. M. and 6:35 r.u.
■TODAYS— B:IO, a:10, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3 lift
6:00, 6:25 P. K. >
Between San Francisco ana Scnnetaen Park tins*
schedule as above. . ..
Leave Tn i>ner± Arrive
■an Francisco. Oct. 14? Ban Francisco.
Wkkk I Bns- ii-JiSmtlon. Bcr!r ' I Wm «*
Datb. I bats, Destination. BATa^ [ p AYai
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 [ 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 AM
t:10 1 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 p^
* Fulton,
ISO AM , Windsor, 10:28 a*
: „ : IT v Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville, •
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2lpm
""" Pleta,
Hqpland &
T :Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:29
7:30 am " _■„-. 10:25 *M
8 :00 am Quernevllle. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm ■ 6:33 PM
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
.... ■ . - • .- -■ •■' ■.. and '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am|B AMI BebaatODoL 1 10:40 am 1 10:2% am
8.30 5 :00 I HeDM topo \' | 6:10 pm| 6:22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; •at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey vllle. Soda Bay and L*keport; at
Bopland for Lakeport I and Bartlett Springs; at
TJklah for Vichy Hprings, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley. Jonn Day's, ' Riverside, Llerley's, . Back-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, HullviUe, Hoone villa,
Greenwood, ' Orr's Hot Springs. Hendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Us*!, Wlllats, Cahto, C«»
vela" Laytonville, Harris, Scot and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redoes*
rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* ta all point* be-
yond Ban Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle bnn<tlnf>
WBITINa, R X. RY AS,
. .■;.-- Wen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. . •■
BAILKOA1) K^^Hbl
Trains leave au 1 arrirs atßgßJ^aHE^aM
Uarket-Street Ferry. f9bM^?4M
SANTA EXPRESS. Ws&Z^bSl
To Chicago via A. & P . \§£Swioin Vl
Direct Line •"•Kiß^jJ'^Gr^B
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. x., carrvtne Pullman PsOaot
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run daily through to Chicks
via Kansas City. ' Annex cars for Denver and iSw
Louis. ■-.;--■ - .■■-'-.-•,. -; ' ■ ." •• ■-■_■
Boston Kxcurslons, via Kansas City, Chicago^
Montreal and tea Whits .Mountain* leave every
Ti esday. ■ ■ • -. *■' " ■■ : -■'■ -:.--■ ■■■ '■"■'. ■
The best railway from California to the East,
New rails, new ties: no dust; interesting teener/,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ?■: ;
. San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building;. Telephone Mala ■
153 1 .Oakland . 1118 Uroadwajr.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
CVi» SanasvUto Ferry).
•Yam Baa rranclsco, Commencing Sept. 1& 189* '
. ' ■ , '' — — — ...
■ I V WKEKDAYm, - '
Far Kin Valley and - ban Kafael— *7 l2s, "9'.l!L
11:00 a. M.; *1:45. 3:45, *5:15.*5:43,tf:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, Wedn«a>
days and Saturday* at 11:80 p. m.
- ■ .:: \ , : BUND AYS.; ; •• ' ' ,-. '..'■,
For Mill Valley and :. Spn I'.afael— •B:oo, •10:01
•11:30 *. M-: •l : :-,0, 3:00. 6:16». M. •
. Trains marked » run to Han Uuentln. - -
.THROUGH TRAINS.
For Pol Lt Reyes and way stations— a. M.
Wee ltd 8 300 a. m. Sundays. 1:45 m ' M. ; >atu»
•ays.
i Or Casadero and way stations— :2ft A. M. «aaa>
flajrti X^6 r. M-jjaturdsya^ -- -.■ -7?-
2728
Making Cabinets
for Presidents
There have been twentry-three Presi
dents. There have been 260 members of
Presidents.' Cabinets. It hus been the
common ambition of Presidents to main
tain as uearlv intact as possible the
Cabinets with which their administra
tions began. Franklin Pierce was the
only President who attained this am
bition. The seven Secretaries whom Mr.
Pierce called to his council remained with
him until he went out of ottice. Internal
harmony was, perhaps, the most distin
guishing feature of the Pierce administra
tion. Yet there were men of strong indi
viduality around that long table from
1850 to 1557 and tliere were great questions
before the country. Jefferson Davis was
toe Secretary of War; William L. Marcv
of New York, the chief politician of his
ripy, was Secretary of State; Caleb Gush
ing was Attorney-General. The other
members would hardly be recognized by
this generation.
President Grant accorded to his Secreta
ries more independence than almost any of
the later President?. Jame3 N. Trner,
who was Postmaster-General, says Grant
left ail ordinary matters to the members
of the Cabinet. He simply asked to know
tbe recommendations of the Secretaries,
and indorsed them as a matter of form.
"I want you to loot into such things
and decide them for me," he would say.
'If you are sure you are right I will de
cide them as you
lint notwithstanding this theory of tbe
dignity and inipjrtance of the Cabinet of
fice, General Grant had much trouble in
keeping his members together. Twenty
tliree men held positions of this kind un
der him. In ihose days there was one less
member. Tbe Secretary of Agriculture
had not been created. Five men — Scno
tield, Rawims, Beiknap, Taft and Cam
eron — tilled the office of Secretary of War
under Grant. Five men — Hoar, Akerman,
Williams, Pierrepont and Taft — were in
turn Attorney-General. The secretary
ship of state under Grant was held practi
cally by one man through the eight years.
Wasliburne was Secretary, but only for a
short time.
Hamilton Fish was the Secretary of
State practically for the two terms. Presi
dent Grant became so accustomed to
Cabinet changes that he had in his mind
successor* for the Secretaries. Fish l're
quentiy talked of resigning; he wanted to
get back to private life, or thought he did.
General Grant selected a man lor Secre
tary of State and carried him in his mind
for years, but without having the oppor
tunity to appoint him. That which makes
this reminiscence worth the telling Is the
fact that the person whom Grant would
have appointed Secretary of State, had
Fish resigned, is one much talked about
for the same place in the McKinley Cabi
net. He is Andrew D. White of New
York.
Mr. Cleveland has in his Cabinet three
men who were not there when the admin
istration came in four years ago. He lost
nis Secretary of State by death and his
Postmaster-General and Secretary of the
Interior by resignation. It is not generally
known that before he resigned Hoke
Smith made careful inquiries among in
timate friends as to the prospects of the
Bryan and Sewail campaign. The Secre
tary of tbe Interior hrmly believed at
that time the free-silver Democracy was
going to win. Perhaps he would have re-
Eit:ned Anyway, but there is no doubt the
course of political events was not what he
expected when he retired from the office
for conscience sake.
"Say to Mr. McKinley that he will take
the lid off of h—llh — 11 if he gives "Whitelaw
Reid a place in the Cabinet."
This remark U attributed to Thomas C.
Platt. It is said to have been made at
the recent meeting; between Mr. Platt and
Mr. Hanna in New York. It will srrve as
an illustration that a President-elect
must consider more than the wishes ot
himself and the acquiescence of the one
selected in making up a satisfactory Cabi
net. The late President Hayes had an ex
perience which is another eood example
along the same line, lie invited John M.
Harlan of Kentucky to become his Attor
ney-General. Mr. Harlan accepted, made
all of his domestic arrangements to take
up his residence in Washington for lour
years and actually catne here witu his
family. But when Mr. Hayes arrived to
be inaugurated Senator Morton of In
diana called upon him and said Mr.
Harlan must not go into the Cabinet.
He added that if the President insisted
on sending Harlan's name to the Senate
for Attorney-General he would exert him
self to the utmost to prevent confirma
tion.
It would have been on extraordinary
thing for the Senate to do, but there was
no doubt of Morton's de f ermination. Mr.
Hayes yielded. He did not send in the
name of Mr. Harlan, substituting for it
that of Mr. Doyens of Massachusetts. For
two or three days Ivlr. Hayes was in a
pood deal of trouble about his Cabinet.
He had to make several changes because
of the withdrawal of Harlan before lie was
e»tisfied with the harmony of the list.
The Hayes Cabinet stood well as finally
fixed. There were but three changes made
during the four years that followed, which
was far better than the uverage Cabinets.
Morton's insuperable objection to Harlan
dated back to the war times. Harian was
a Union Democrat. He commanded Ken
tucky troops until 18'!3, and then became
Atlorney - General of Kentucky, being
eh-cted by the Union party. After that
he was a Republican and in the National
convention which nominated Mr. Hayes.
Mr. Harlan was chairman or the Ken
tucky delegation. But away back in the
McClellan campaign Mr. Harlan had pone
over into Indiana and made speeches
against Morton.
Th,at was what the Indiana Senator
could not forget, and that was why ho
served notice on Mr. Hayes that he must
pick another Attorney-General. Feeling
the injustice that had been done Mr.
Harlan, the President tried 10 make
atonement with the offer of one of the
highest of the diplomatic positions. Mr.
Harlan had no idea of expatriating him
self. He declined. Before the first year
of the Hayes administration was quite
half over there came a break in the United
States Supreme Court. Mr. Harlan was
nominated to be Associate Justice. He
holds the place still.
Besides telling Mr. Hanna of the conse
quences which in his opinion would fol-
Jow the selection of Whitelaw Reid, Mr.
Platt is reported as having declared that
if anything could prompt him to become
a candidate for the Senate it would be the
purpose 10 light the confirmation of Mr.
Reid. This is an old score which Mr.
Platt has with Mr. Reid. It goes back to
the beginning of the Garfieid campaign.
W. H. Robertson had hem selected by
Gardeld for Coi>ctor of the Port of New
York, liie choice was \tiy dis useful 10
Conkling and Platt, the New York Sen
ators.
There was much pnrleying between the
White House and the Senators be.'ore an
open rupture occurred and the resigna
tions of Conkling and Platt were sent to
New York. Conkling took little part in
the negotiations, but Pialt believed he
could induce Garlield to recede from the
Robertson decision, fie still believes tha f
Gartield had at one time made up his
mind to yield, and that the situation was
spoiled by Whitelaw Reid, who sent a
message which is famous in political his
tory as "the midnicht dispatch." Reid
insisted that Garfieid should not give way
to the Senators. Platt came from the
White House one day with a partial prom
ise that Robert«on's name should be with
drawn. The next day he received from
(jarfield nn ultimatum that Robertson's
nomination was to stand. When he tried
to learn the cause of the change in the
President's attitude Garheld reft.ired im
pa'.ientlv to a publication in that morn
ing's New York Tribune about the nego
tiations. Platt went back to Conkling and
said :
"I don't know what you will do, but I
know what lam going to do. lam going
to resign."
A few days later the resignations of
Plact and Conklintr reached the Governor
of New York. And now, like a sequel to
that feud of six'een years ago, Mr. Piatt
serves notice on the new administration
that Whitelaw Reid must not be called to
the Cabinet. A President-elect lias need
of a long memory in making up his list of
advisers.
It is courtesy for the Senate to confirm
promptly the nominations for members of
the Cabinet. That courtesy has been not
often, but occasionally, honored in the
breach. The theory is that these are the
Presidtnt's personal appointments, and
that bis judgment as to qualifications is
entitled to mo.c weight than in nomina
tiens for other offices. Presidents have
had nominations confirmed for the Cabi
net, and when later they have nominated
the same persons for other positions the
nominations have been rejected. This has
happened notably two or three times
when Presidents songht to transfer mem
bers of their Cabinets to places on the Su
preme bench.
President Grant saved one of his Cabi
net nominations from rejection by with
drawing it. Without excessive respect
for legal abilities General Grant proposed
to make his a business Cabinet. He se
lected Alexander T. Stewart, the mer
chant prince of New York, for his Secre
tary of the Treasury. Tbe Senate recalled
the law which had been in oparation from
almost the beginning of this Government
making ineligible for that office any one
interested in the importing business.
Presidents do not like to yield when their
minds are set upon anything. Grant tried
to have the law repealed. Failing in that
he sent George W. Child-? to Mr. Stewart
to ask him to qualify by putting tiis busi
nrss in other hands. The merchant
thought he could not do that and the
President was obliged to withdraw the
nomination.
Andrew Jackson had a Cabinet nomina
tion rejected. He appointed Roger B.
Taney of Maryland to be Secretary of the
Treasury in 1833. The President, after
election for his second term, proceeded to
carry out his determination to smash the
United States Bank. McLean was at the
head of the Treasury. He didn't agree
with Jackson's financial poiicy, and was
promptly transferred to the State De
partment. Duane, the next Secretary of
the Treasury, refused to carry out the
President's orders to remove the deposits,
and then declined to resign. Jackson re
moved him, and appointed Taney, who
immediately caused the deposits to be
transferred to S:ate banks. When Con
erress convened Taney was nominated for
Secretary, ana was rejected. Two years
later a vacancy occurred through the
death of Chief Justica Marshall, and
Taney was noninated and confirmed. He
hold the position of Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court nearly thirty years. Cabi
net members have been reiected for the
bench, but this case of Taney's presents
the only instance In which a man rejected
for the Cabinet was confirmed to a place
on tbe Supreme bench.
What would be thought if Mr. McKin
ley should send some one selected for his
Cabinet to take possession of Secretary
Olney's office at midnight of the 3d of
March because of distrust of the outgoing
administration? Yet that is what was
done far back in the early days of the Re
public, when politics was supposed to be
purer than it is now. Thomas Jefferson
sent his choice for Attorney-General to
assume control of the State Department at
midnight before inauguration day, to pre
vent the issue of commissions to any ap
pointees of the retiring President. At
that time midnight of the 3d of March was
considered the end of the administration,
instead of midday of the 4th, as is the
present interpretation.
It was a matter of considerable com
ment at the besinning of Grant's first
term that lie had ignored the politicians
and filled his Cabinet with business men
or with men from private life. Gradually
the first Grant Cabinet dissolved, and as
the Secretaries went out their places were
taken by men of more political experiei.ee.
It is an interesting fact that four-fifths of
the men who have filled Cabinet places
have been lawyers.
And it is also worthy of note that about
the same proportion has never been
heard of in public life after leaving the
The Rare Story of
Little Patsy Quinn
It was while on a prowl for the pictur
esque, up one of the City's highest
heights, that I made tho acquaintance of
my lriend Patsey Quinn. A gang of men
were at work bulkheadlng the cliff for the
protection of the street below, and about
the scene of their operations and around
some sheds near the summit that were be
ing newly roofed hovered a throng of boys
and girls from the neighboring by-streets
and alleys. They were bearing away the
old shingles, such bits of building waste
as were portable and what invitinz stray
timbers ihey could insinuate from beneath
the watchful eyes of the gang's foreman.
There were sturdy, ragged, hard-mouthed
boys, staggering along the narrow trail?,
their Yturu young shoulders piled high
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1896.
Cabinet. No man who served in any
other Cabinet position than Secretary of
State ever became President. Only Beven
Secretaries of State out of about iorty who
have held the office have reached the
Presidency. Very rarely has a member of
the Cabinet found his way into either
branch of Congress afterward. Senator
Elkins is one of the exceptions. He was
Secretary of War under Harrison and is
now a Senator. He says that the post of
a Cabinet officer is sufficient to gratify any
reasonable political ambition, and that
the desirability of the place is the prestige
which it gives to the holder in subsequent
business or professional pursuits.
Senator Sherman thinks that the later
Presidents have misconceived the true
character of the Cabinet position. Cabi
net Ministers, he says, should relieve the
President of all drudgery. They should
be his assistants in the carrying out of
his policy. He should rely upon them to
do their work and he should not devote
his time and brain to examining the pa
pers of petty postmasteis. He has no
right to fritter away his vital force on
clerical details.
Interesting in connection with this criti
cism of Senator Sherman's is a reminis
cence of ex-Postmaster-General Tyner of
the course General Grant pursued toward
his Cabinet. One day General Tyner car
ried to the President the papers relating
to a number of Presidential postoftlces.
"Have you read them?" asked the
President.
"Certainly I have," replied the Postmas
ter-General.
'Have you considered what is best to do
about them ?"
"Yes. Here are my recommendations."
"Well, that is all I want to know. I'll
sign the appointments."
"But don't you want to look info the
records of the men and see ihe reasons
given lor the recommendations?"
"No. That is what I have you for. If
your judgment is not huflicientlv strong
to pass upon such things I will have to
look around for some man to take your
place."
Without further comment President
Grant signed the appointments.
Senator Sherman says that Lincoln bad
the right idea about the province of the
Cabinet Minister. He left to his Secreta
ries their work and responsibilities and
often laughed at them in 'their troubles
with office-seekers.
There is one thing that politicians find
it very difficult to learn. It is that push
ing seldom carries a man into a Cabinet
position. Presidents almost always ig
nore petitions for Cabinet appointments.
They repudiate as far as possible bargains
or understandings made for them by zeal
ous friends during the campaign. Many
a man has lost bis chance for getting into
the Cabinet by the mistaken efforts of his
friends. Lincoln recognized some ante
election pledges made by those working
in his interests. In the convention which
nominated him promises were eiven that
Indiana, Kentucky and Pennsylvania
should have Cabinet places. These pledges
were given by David Davis and Leonard
Swett. It to»k a long time to bring Mr.
Lincoln around to the fulfillment of them,
but before he got through Simon Cameron
of Pennsylvania was made Secretary of
War, Caleb Smith of Indiana Secretary ot
the Interior, and James Speed of Ken
tucky Attorney-General, as bad been
agreed when the votes were given to Lin
coln in the National Convention.
The lesson of one Cabinet campaign is
lost on the politicians before the next
comei around. In the list of Mr. Cieve
lund's advisers it is impossible to point to
one who owes hii place there to the im
portunities of friends. When President
Harrison's Cabinet was made up it was
found that he had not been influenced by
a number of noisy and much-advertised
booms. So it will be, probably, with Mr.
McKinley's selections, if precedent can be
relied "pon. Toe names pushed with
pertinacity will not be found in the nomi
nations for the Cabinet next March.
There is one thing which the politicians
can do— they can exercise a good deal of
influence in the v.ay of veto. Presidents
like to choose their advisers without posi
tive assistance, but as a rule they do not
overlook the negative influence. Few men
have been boosted into a Cabinet place by
active influences, but many men have had
good chances for appointment killed by
the opposition of politicians. A President
so indep3ndent as Mr. Cleveland showed
that he was susceptible to that Kind of
negative pressure. He had made un his
mind to appoint as Secretary of the In
terior at the beginning of his administra
tion the gentleman who now holds the
position, David R. Francis of Missouri.
A teleeraphed protest from three prom
inent Democratic politicians of Missouri
caused Mr. Cleveland to rub Mr. Francis'
name off the slate. The objection was
purely personal. The time came when
the President found among those most
hostile to him in bis party the three poli
ticians who had caused the rejection of
Mr. Francis.
No President wants to name for his
Cabinet mt-n who are opposed by party
leaders in their respective States. There
is going on at Canton a process of exclu
sion, according to the reports which reach
Washington. Some men whom Mr. Mc-
Kinley considers as otherwise available
for his Cabinet have been removed from
further consideration because of the dis
covery that selection would give offense
to factions in their respective States.
Mr. Cleveland was once quoted as say
ing fiat sectional reasons ought not to
enter into tbe work of making up a Cabi
net. In his Iwo terma Mr. Cleveland has
given New York Qve Cabinet places. He
lias now got two members from west of
the Mississippi. That is the most recog
nition the great valley has recuived from
President Cleveland, save for a few weeks
about the end of his first teim, when At
torney-General Garland of Arkansas and
Secretary of Agriculture Colnian of Mis
souri sat at the Cabinet table. — W. B. S. in
the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
with spoils until they were bent nearly
double and almost hidden from view.
There were wee girls, grandmothers in
miniature, witn care-lined faces and anx
ious eyes, steadying their burdens and dig
ging their little heels into the loose sand
as, heavy-laden, they descended the al
most impossible grade and here and there
a woman guided with one hand the foot
steps of some wee toddler, while with the
other she poised a huge bundle of shingles
upon her own head.
As I gazed about the burden of the City's
sorrow was borne in upon my heart. The
cries of the children all, around me smote
my brain with a sense of their helpless
pain. The an :uish within the gray wooden
wails of the phalanxed houses seemed to
ff!Sb^gEg^^^\l MEET ME AT HALE BROS TH - Y CLOSE AT 6 °' CLOCK. j£ \
I inHJi INFORMATION ABOUT ODR DISCOUNT. J
'&!;' [m^^^^^^^m ■ All goods will be marked at their former figures and the tjp
*£ ,11 ■ mmmmmmmmml^i » discount will be taken off the sum total of the checks. 33£ per jj*
*'I ES2^^^^S cent will be allowed off all Christmas and New Year's Cards,
?&? 'II Calendars, Booklets, Toilet Cases, Brush and Comb Sets, Etc. %
' ™*~ ________ .Zc^f ' 25 per cent will be allowed off all Toys, Dolls, Books and Games. *$?
* ;&«^«' THE PENALTIES WE HAVE INFLICTED ON *
$' HpHHB lit ' ' THE GOODS THAT GOT LEFT. %
f RA7HR OUTER GARMENTS. I DOMESTICS. ifIRF^S (lOON! t *
f|*. ' DilZiixilXll '■::• ."i. * ' An After-Christmas List from B.r*.inapolls. J |/IVIjU|J UUUI/IJl^ -
f _ LA^'^^v^^ K^r,C I !« (R f:.OO HEMSTITCHED PIL^ CASES 45X JMC — 'f
+ . : • Hf^SS 11l^ a r..!!^ f, 6 uer^i, n an o e u'r tr p^c^. c ... sof . l :. tt : 1 : Some Exceptional Value. In 4*
m aaraa m£& g ; Why wo ,un^r^econo m . C a, to pi^i^^^ 5°5 ° Win - — <*-* *
* ' JrSw!" m ? et a cheap Jacket for rainy winter grade, our price.'.: Yard ts4
* V/x '•■■* t 1. j weather? We have some real bar- huck towel*. wxsa .fringed «i. 2s FA ?^T nc c h S s^ tl iT l 3 w*SdQo.so 4 s
4* 1/4 off when purchased. gains. • fl v^ue! l0 o u^".. Tb . is ..! 8 ..*^ D o^ ce S va o . r^.^.^ p :!?r. fo . ra .'^ O B~t 4*
j&l - . LADIES' TAN JAI'KKT.*, slashed col- ._ COMFORTERS, big siz», pure white cot-^1.20 §^%<'^S i>bi
• . • . > l«rs. Inlaid with velvet, all light dI»C-95 ton filled., daintily figured covers in«JpJ •
ifci . : - , 11 shades. This will be placed on special 1— - medium and light shades. Our price. Each ,, Altf ™ nnrmwwv anti-Tien . J^Si
*t* BOOKS AND GAMES, a good lot to pick sale Monday morning. Our price..... Each , , 6 ; , FANCY BOURKTTK SUITING, a ay»
i*| v from, marked at their original: prices LAPIKS . ri USII CAl^T trlmme( , wltn ' - We Carry the best All- WOOI Blan- $££ '%£? 'Ju'r'prtcYf s as3— Jsi
*T. with jet and briul. Thibet fur around col- <n» "I A.OO ketS in the State. 7-yardsuit Suit
•M lar and down front, all sizes 22«1D-I.VJ , • »V*
■I- 1/4 Off Wlieil DUrCllSSed. Inches long,l--'O-lnch sweep. Our price Each SCARLET WOOL BLANKETS, 10-4 ' .*.
to. W* wu purcunscu. LADIES BLACK BuUCLEJAC'KF.TS.ago.SO a-JX^JffoSy^S^wrSlSia^ It would be to your advantage *
«]U — buttons up nuhio the neck, sizes 3* lo«D?«J you to inspect it. Our price............ ;. Par to visit our Lining Department. 4*
V 40, a woiuerful value, uur price Each IO VISU Our Lining ueparimenl. t
4* TOYs-The one. that are left are the ones ladies' black boucle CAPKS, See our Celebrated Five-dollar All- We are never undersold. <$*
if* most desirable ! and the one, , ur- **Sfi3ffii *ZZ' -Sff^Jft^- WOOI California Blanket. <gg* _
chased the greater quantity of. Marked ln ,h>- 3 long. Qurpr1ce...:... .......... -Each, CALIFOR NIA WHITE WOOL BLAN- <mq.4s , vrv ATTnvFR Rnnrl -' A&
•f* ; . at their original prices with -. KKTS, 66x78 inches, an extra heavy ifro FA NCY „ ALL-OVER BOUCLB *|«
'*' 1/4.nff W ||*nn.irrlia™l ' MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT. ■ blanket, -, real bargain.- Our price.... ■> Each ifa
•T 1/** Oil nllrll purniaseU. :-' : . a most complete Mail Order Department to ground with black boucle figures <g>c. 25 .T.
«/lv* • V:T i — r v;'. -1 • . ; / eerve our* country friends. Write for CaU- We claim the Best Linen Values In San woven over the surface. Our«J)0 *i*
• pgue and information. . Francisco. Visit our department. price for a 7-yard suit Suit •-;]
Hjfi . : ■. ■■■:. I: j ; . -.<- «.{'• : ■ .►-'.'- j ■ :-'. ' ••. — '.'."""'. - ■ :- •#*
* SCRAP BOOKS, ALBUMS, ETC.-Goods \^ - : CAMRL'S-HAIR SUITINGS, an Hii
• that were $1 now 67c: $1 50 now *1, etc. m f .^^^^>^ - extra heavy 50-Inch fabric, all fljj^.3o -".
*|4 The entire line keeps its Christmas price a If '■■''•^ft t : .^^' >*■ desirable darK co.orlugs. Our«JpU IM
■•■ "I" ' •■ - C/f ' M ' ,* \rS J" price for a 7-yard suit Suit .".
■i& ; 1/3 off when purchased. _TT.^lr r&* / /VV^H X* *
•"f* , ; j, , ; ■ M m^^L^Sm. *r W "^ Our great doll army comes under the •
Jj-- ..-is .■ •"-.•..-■;-; -. .^^^^^ .. M »»i<vinnnniiTl!l\ • clutch of the discount. 25 percent off i he 3JJSI
"IT TOILET CASES, ETC.— We had an Im- M LN CORFU IvVl tU« prices you wondered at before rtinstmas. ♦
i|i men e stock this year, and the ones, eft . f ~ ' . m^ T ex^ve to^a^i^^ *
*. are desirable and pretty. To be sold at ...-■■ mm | 'Jl'j. C7J-^.^^4- chandise another year. -New stocks must ,■*•-
♦W ,y _ _ .  , ri*>^7 AIA f\Al i\A"l €\A C AflflirKGL comein. Would you take advaniafe of such *'♦'"*
J . 1/3 off when ported. \ 937. 939. 94«> 943. 945 Market Street, mducemenu? -- «■■—■ «• £
voice itself in my ears, Biid I found no
comfort nor help in the bright sunlight,
the beneficent akv or the gracious air. I
said to myself: "We are all caught in the
toils and there is no one to help us. I
shall not come to the hill again. H I can
not bring one ray o^f light into the lives
of my fellow?, at least 1 shall not climb up
here and contemplate their misery." I
was very miserable, for like many a phi
losopher I thought, because I did not
know definitely to the contrary, that the
world was steeped in misery.
It was just at this juncture that
I first saw my friend Patsey
Quinn. An enterprising wight was
Patsey. and in the course of his pere
erinations about the cliff he came upon a
thick limber lying somewhat apart from
the others. It was a tempting stick,
nearly twice Patsey's length, and quite
half tbe thickness of his meager body;
smooth, grooved and with one rounded,
slightly up-curved end. There was money
in that timber if Patsey could Out get it
off the hill. But it was heavy. He might
as well have tried to lift tbe great bulk
head itself as to carry off unseen that bit
of wood. He gave it a sharp push. It
moved clumsily, swung around a little and
rested with its rounded end pointing down
the hill. The trrade here was washed al
most to bedrock by the rains and was diz
zily steep. As he glanced along the pre
cipitous descent there popped into Pat
sey's brain a masterly strategem whereby
he might obtain undetected possession of
the coveted timber.
Seating himself at the upper end he
erasped the grooved sides firmly, pushing
vigorously with one foot against the stony
ground. Gradually his improvised coaster
stirred, slid a little way and began to gain
impetus. Tbe motion quickened and at
last Patsey, with a sudden turn, lay flat
upon his stomach along the descending
cyclone. It was coasting that would have
satisfied an Alpine adventurer. The
ground seemed to slip away beneath the
upturned nose of the curious sled, and
Patsey clung desperately to the urooved
sides, breathless, sightless, lost to every
sensation save the wild joy of that reckless
rush.
Probably no real boy ever thought of
dancer as an element in any mad escapade.
The agonies of dread experienced by those
who witnessed his performances have no
part in tbe consciousness of boyhood, and
it was with honest surprise that Patsey,
his race with death run to a finish in the
soft sand of the street below, found him
self the center of attraction for n horror
stricken throng of people who had hast
ened to gather up his life/ess remains.
He had only intended to slide downhill
upon his prize and make off with it, but
the very brilliancy of his little scheme had
drawn all eyes to him. He tiad come down
the hill as though shot from a cannon, bis
queer craft, by some marvelous interposi
tion of that special providence that watches
over the bones of boys, gilding from reck
to rock in the descent without overturning.
Patsey could not understand why the
women looked so scared, and why even
the big policeman who held him by the
coat collar still had a startled air, despite
the vigor of the shaking he- was adminis
tering, and the emphatic nature of the
language in which be was informing tbe
boy what he, tbe big policeman, would be,
if he didn't run him in the nezc time he
caught him at any such monkey-shines.
What Patsey did, however, fully appre
ciate, was the urgent necessity for absent
ing himself when he beheld the foreman
of the constructioq gang nearinz tbe scene.
But be was unable to wriggle himself from
the grasp of 'steenrhandred-and-sixty ere
ike man was upon them. He, too, wore
an apprehensive mien, until he was assured
that Patsey was unharmed, when he fell
upon the boy and added a strong, earnest
snpplement to the policeman's shaking.
He followed this with a mighty cuffing,
well administered, as far as I could see
from my post upon the hilltop, and then
turning him about, sent him, by a scien
tifically directeu kick, fairly upon his
return trip up the hill.
Thus set free, the adventurous naviga
tor turned blithely along the incline until
he had nearly reached the plateau where
I stood meditating a plausible pretext for
addressing him. Then from b-'hind a big
bowlder another boy appeared. The two
were evidently strangers to each other.
They halted sharply and stood at defi
ance, after the fashion of two dogs met
for the first time. Patsey's face plainly
expressed challenge, question, and a cer
tain "My foot is on my native heath"
feeling that was unmistaKable. Equally
plain in the countenance of the newcomer
were written scorn and measurement.
Plainly lie thought ne had sized Patsey
up, for after an exchange of visual insults
he said:
"I kin thump ye silly."
'Yerlie! Ye can't dot!" was the re
ply, and the two clinched.
The combat was short, fierce and de
cisive. It ended in the total defeat of the
stranger, who, routed foot and horse, lied
to the safer region of the plain. The vic
tor remained upon the bill, following the
flight of the foe with opprobriousepithets,
delivered dancing back and forth alone
the trail, with one arm raised and the ex
tended ringers of that nand held midway
of his visage in a gesture designed to ag
gravate the effect of his parting remarks.
Then, with a marked accentuation of
the "native heath" air he swung around
toward the plateau. He saw me now, but
deigned no notice of my presence. In
stead he suddenly bent over a new prize.
Clinging lovingly to the face of a rocky
ledge, where it seemed as if no soil rested,
a poppy was growing. It- was such a wee
plant, and it had put forth two early,
wind-tossed, stunted, pale -yellow blos
soms, that set the bare brown cliff aglow
with tl.eir golden joy. I felt an indignant
pang as the boy took them in his clawlike
lingers. What was there in his life or sur
roundings through which he might have
any appreciation of the wonderful thing
he had acquired ? His plucking the flo w. r
was a bit of vandalism I would have g.ven
much to prevent. The pain of it fell heavy
upon my heart, already aching with a
sense of ray own inability to bring any
help or beauty into the lives of my fellows.
I resolved to remonstrate with the young
vandal. Who Knew whether I might not
be able to give him some greater thought
than had ever before been his ?
He came slowly in my direction, bear
ing the plant in both hands. For the first
time 1 saw his face plainly and at rest — a
hard, unsympathetic face, pale beneath its
tan, stained and begrimed, marked across
one cheek with a vicious scar. He had
light-colored, shifty eyes, sheded by a tan
gle of straight, thin, sunburned hair, and
a wide, inexpressive moutli. The poppies
in his dirty ringers seemed more human
and so inexpressively lovelier than he.
lie was passing me, unnoticing, as I stood
beside the pathway, so intent was his re
gard of the treasure he carried. I won
dered thereat, thinking to myself that he
really seemed to care. More tban half ex
pert ing a snub, I asked:
"What will you do with the flowers?"
He stopped, looking at roe defiantly for
an instant, and then, as his gaze fell again
upon the pop pies, he said : "Hu, them ?
I'm goin* to give 'em to Mopsie." He had
not yet recovered from his surprise at
beiug accosted, so I pressed my advantage
and inquired. "Who is Mopsie?" "Mop
sie? aw— -i-he's me sister," with a poorly
assumed inuifference, for the faded eyes
brightened and the flat mouth took on a
sensitive curve. "She's lame," ha added.
"And who are you?" I coaxed. "Hu, me
— whatcher givin' Ui-? Me name's Patsey
Quinn," and he was turning off, when I
espie I another poppy, lower on the cliff.
'There's another one," I said. "Maybe
Mopsie would like that. I'll hold these
while you climb down for it, if you
like." He eyed me suspiciously. "Yer
won't sneak 'em?" he ventured. Evi
dently he longed to secure the otner treas
ure. I assured him of the honesty of my
intentions, and with another shrewd
glance he finally entrusted his prize to me
and swung down the ledge to Becure the
other one. iie was coughing as he came
back and paused beside me, breathing
slowly. "It's pretty up here, isn't it?"
I asked, as I laid the three blossoms to
gether. "Kinder." His tone was mid
way between contempt and discontent. I
gave him a glance and warmed toward
him. "Doesn't it make you glad to be
alive?" I said, for the srracious scene was
beginning to humanize my own mood.
The contempt in his glance was upper
most now. "Glad nuthin'l They ain't
no good beln* alive!" I looked at the
small pessimist in surprise, not untem
pered with amusement. "No?" I queried.
"Naw; what's tber good? A kid's got ter
shift fer 'imself the minnit he's burned,
an 'c don't git nothin' but jawin' 'n kicks
till 'c's on ther street, an' men some cul
ly's after 'mi all di>r time ter make 'im go
ter school, an' yer don't know when grub's
a-comin', an' yer've got ter lay low all der
time er somebody drops on yer. Don't do
ncr good ter get insulted, tho', an' I never
does."
I was somewhat puzzled at this phrase,
and said: "Insulted! What do you mean
by that!' The contempt deepened.
"Whatcher givin' vs — why gittin' mad of
course. That's what insnlted is. Don't
do ncr good, tho'. I'm gom' ter foller the
sea when I'm big." And the embryo phil
osopher's weird old countenance took on
a shade of che«?r.
"See here, Patsey," I said, "would you
rather be dead or alive ?" He was iooKing
at me with a puzzled, half-questioning air.
Evidently he was beginning to realize the
encounter as unusual. "'I don't know
nawthin' erbout bein' dead," he said at
last, "but they ain't no good's I kin see in
bein' alive."
I tried again. "Suppose I could give
you your choice now between being alive
and not being, which would you choose?
Isn't there anything that would make you
sorry not to be alive? He was very still,
and the perplexity in the small visage
grew apace. Unquestionably he was
thinking. Then, slowly at first, quicken
ing to a gleam, as his glance fell upon the
poppies a light came into his pale eyes
and some feeling moved the inexpressive
month.
"Dere's Mopne." he said.
Then he left me, taking the poppies,
and I walked down the hill. I hpve not
seen my friend Patsey Quinn again. Per
haps I shall not see him again, bm I shall
always count him a friend, for I learned
from him a lesson in spiritual honesty.
President Lincoln was the first Presi
dent to occupy the White House who
wore a beard, and Grant was the first to
wear a mustache. It was reported at the
time that Lincoln, in 1860, was induced to
allow his whiskers to grow because a little
girl to whom he had, upon request, sent
his Dhotograpb. wrote nira that he would
look much better if he would let his beard
1 grow.
raw to-sat:
JUMPINQi
- ■■ ■• . ■ ' i:
We are as busy as we can be, because
we have what the public wants, and our
prices and terms are acceptable to all.
We will furnish you a home completely
for very, very little money and long credit.
LARGEST STOCKTTARGEST STORE.
LOWESTPRICES.
Oak Sideboards fr0m..... ...sl2. oo up
Oak Chiffoniers from $8.00 up
Oak Chairs from '. . . . . .....:.:. .'. . . 75c up
Oak .Bookcases from . . . . . . . . . . .... $7.50 up
Oak China Closets fr0m...... $12.00 up :
Oak Bed Sets from J $12.50 ud ;
Oak Hat Racks from . . . . ......... $7.50 up
WE KEEP EYEiiTTHISG II
FURNITURE,
CARPETS and
JBEDDINGi
j. isroo^r^Lisr,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
:•■ Above Sixth. -i-'.
516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Phone, Jessie 41. Open Evening*. - ,
JHIJ^^BBhMK Opposite Seventh,
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY;
PATENT xedlclves, rubber goods,
TOILET ARTICLES,
wines aid liquors,
- • High-grade CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap : .
rsplmonts, 5ize.....", r; .'..cut to 100
La Rosa, 12J£csi*e :..-..; ............cut to l'J:
Sanchez «SfcH»y a. 121/frc size:..... ...cut to IDs
Xl TelegEupno, l^V^c size.... .;.......cut to 10J
General Arthnr.JOcstraignt... ....cat to3for'-'io
General Buruslde. 10c s:rai?ht. . . . cut to 8 for Mi
Figaro. 5c straight .:....... cut to 6 or i* 3
King ii, be n.nUght..... ......cut 10 6 lor ■*"*
! RETAIL AT WHOLESALE _PRICESL__
FINE CARPETINGS, mv
ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY, p)
RICHiFUfiHITURE!
NOW ON EXHIBITION !
A Complete Line of Fancy Fur-
' niture for Christmas Pres-
t ents and New Year's Gifts. ;•, .
Agents for John . Crossley & Son's English .
Carpeting*. ,
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.,
UPHOLSTERY COMPANY,
1301 TO 1307 MARKET STREET,
COB-N Kit >'!>" XH.